51) 46) text: The number kicks into full gear with a rousing can-can. Young Guido finds himself swept into Lilli's intoxicating world.
54) 0) text: SUPERTITLE:   Pesaro, Italy, 1926 Young Guido, dressed in his school uniform, runs fast across the rough dunes with five boys from the village. The boys head for a graffiti-covered defensive wall with barbed wire along the top, a leftover from the war. They reach into pockets and extract small change, hand it to Young Guido, already the ring leader. They crawl through a small opening in the wall and approach an abandoned bunker...
55) 0) text: ...Young Guido takes a step forward toward the bunker, as the other boys fearfully take a step back.
55) 1) dialog: (not loud enough) Saraghina. (louder) Saraghina. Now all the boys join in.
55) 3) dialog: (loudest) Saraghina! Sa-ra-ghina! A shadow moves inside the bunker. Now even Young Guido takes a step back, but the boys are taking three steps back. And then she comes out. SARAGHINA is a gritty, earthy woman, with a powerful, voluptuous energy. She has darkened eyes and a beauty mark: she is clearly the model for the whore makeup on Carla. She looks at the boys. She may be a crazy whore, but she's not an animal, she's just playing one for the boys, and they don't quite understand that she's having her own fun with them. She takes a deliberate step. Young Guido stands his ground. She takes another step and holds out her hand. p. 44
55) 4) text: Young Guido opens his hand with the coins. She looks at the money.   Is it enough? But she grabs his wrist, and holds it, and then takes the coins. She stuffs the money in her ample bosom and heads back to her bunker. She returns dragging an old broken chair, places it in front of the boys and sits, ready for the "show." Saraghina scoops up the soft white sand in her hands and pours it over her body... A dark vamp begins.
65) 0) text: Two PRIESTS are running down the beach, cassocks flapping. The boys run. Young Guido tries to run away from the priests. They catch him and carry him away from the beach.
66) 0) text: Off-screen, a boys choir sings KYRIE. The priests drag Young Guido through the school's chapel, past a tortured Christ hanging above the ornate altar, into the Principal's office.
67) 2) dialog: But Mamma, what did I do.
96) 0) text: Young Guido, alone and dressed in his school uniform, runs fast across the rough dunes. p. 66
100) 0) text: Mamma guides Young Guido through an allГ©e of candles.
130) 23) dialog: We're ready to begin!
135) 0) text: Young Guido rushes by the dressing rooms.
135) 1) dialog: Presto! Presto! Take your places! Andiamo! Andiamo! The dressing rooms begin to empty. p. 92
136) 0) text: From high above on the soundstage catwalk, Young Guido watches Older Guido at work.
136) 2) text: Maybe it's the most important building block that we have to begin again... We start from the beginning each time and I feel today as if I'm starting from the beginning. We'll just keep asking each other questions, and don't look to me for the answers, okay? On cue, Young Guido opens the door behind him and ushers in THE CAST OF GUIDO'S LIFE. They enter with a sense of anticipation and excitement and arrange themselves on the staircases and scaffolding that loom behind Guido. They are all dressed in angelic white. But Guido is oblivious, focused instead on the task that lies ahead. He talks to his cameraman. Puts down his script. He takes off his jacket and hangs his glasses off his sweater, stands contemplating the set in front of him.