9) 0) text: The INSPECTOR is in his fifties.  The deep creases in his face, the broken capillaries in his nose say brawler, spoiler, drinker, but the diplomas on the wall say something else.  Bryant's kneeled at his safe trying to open it.  Deckard it sitting on the edge of the desk reading the print-out.
9) 2) text: Bryant gets the safe open and brings out a bottle of whiskey.
9) 4) text: Deckard sets down the report and takes the shot Bryant just poured for him.
9) 6) dialog: Five.  Three nights ago one of them managed to break into the Tyrell Corporation.  Killed two guards and got as far as the Genetic Sector before he got fried going through an electro- field.
9) 8) dialog: There wasn't much left of him, so we can't be sure.  But bio- chemical data and morphology records of the Nexus-6 were reported missing.  Going on the possibility they might try to infiltrate we send Holden in to run Voight-Kampff tests on the new employees.  Guess he found himself one.
9) 11) dialog: We're using Esper -- a 231 -- that picked up Holden's alarm.  Its guess is that all five are in the city.
9) 13) text: Bryant's back at the safe locking up his bottle.
9) 14) dialog: The Tyrell Corporation has a demo model.  Check it out on the Voight-Kampff.  There's a chance the Nexus-6 is beyond out ability to detect.  If that's the case, everybody's up shit creek.
9) 16) dialog: Industrial refuse.
9) 18) text: Bryant nods.
9) 20) text: Bryant fishes a piece of paper out of his pocket, copies down a number and hands it over.
9) 24) text: Like a sick boy looking out of the window, Bryant watches Deckard down the whiskey.  Deckard puts down the glass and turns to leave.
53) 4) dialog: Bryant here.  Regarding the rundown you requested on job applicants, Esper's concluded that the only irregular category that Tyrell's got is the entertainment section.  You better get on it.
53) 6) dialog: If you hurry you'll get back before it gets cold.  I got a spinner on your roof in five minutes.  Good luck.
66) 0) text: Your standard low class crapper.  Bryant is planted firmly on the cracked tile floor next to the urinals rubbing his face, trying not to pop the clutch in his anger.  This is a public place, he doesn't want to yell.
66) 1) dialog: Just because it's a Nexus 6 doesn't change procedure.  A little known fact can become a well-known fact and part of our job, Deckard, is to make sure that doesn't happen. Now how can be do that if you blow one away in front of a fuckin' audience.
66) 3) dialog: Well?
66) 4) text: Deckard looks up dripping, reaches for a paper towel. Bryant slaps one in his hand.
66) 6) dialog: Then let her get away.  I thought you were a pro -- you're supposed to be a fuckin' tracker!
66) 7) text: Bryant takes a couple of deep breaths.
66) 8) dialog: I'd say you got a little carried away.
66) 11) dialog: You didn't like her!?
66) 13) dialog: You start liking or disliking andies it's time to hang it up.
66) 14) text: The PLUMPING ROARS and SUCKS and DIES.  There's nothing to do but nod.  Deckard nods.  Poor bastard has had a rough night.  Bryant pulls a flask out of his coat and hands it to him.  Deckard puts it to his mouth and Bryant watches Deckard's Adam's apple like he's count- ing the swallows.  Deckard hands it back empty.  Bryant caps it, puts it back in his pocket.
66) 15) dialog: Look, go home.  Get some rest. Take an aspirin.
66) 17) text: Bryant shuffles out like an old bear.
93) 15) dialog: This is Bryant.  Are you alone?
93) 17) dialog: She's not with you?
93) 20) dialog: Take a number.  Canapt 1700, tenth floor, Villa Vita District, Olympia South.
93) 22) dialog: Okay, here it is.  Eldon Tyrell, his family and half his staff were just massacred.  The cat is about to get out of the bag.  Pressure is definitely on.  The Nexus program is terminated.  When you finish there, locate Nexus designated Rachael and retire.
93) 24) dialog: If you don't, we will.  It has to be total, Deckard.  That's an order from as high as it comes.  Got it?
93) 26) dialog: Go.