0) 2) dialog: Okay if I talk?
0) 3) text: Holden doesn't answer.  He's centering Leon's eye on the machine.
0) 4) dialog: I kinda get nervous when I take tests.
0) 6) dialog: Sorry.
0) 8) dialog: Already had I.Q. test this year -- but I don't think I never had a...
0) 10) text: Leon compresses his lips and nods his big head eagerly. Holden's voice is cold, geared to intimidate and evoke response.
0) 12) dialog: What one?
0) 15) dialog: What desert?
0) 17) dialog: But how come I'd be there?
0) 19) dialog: A tortoise.  What's that?
0) 21) dialog: Of course.
0) 23) dialog: I never seen a turtle.
0) 25) dialog: But I understand what you mean.
0) 28) dialog: You make these questions, Mr. Holden, or they write 'em down for you?
0) 31) text: Leon's upper lip is quivering.
0) 32) dialog: Whatcha mean, I'm not helping?
0) 34) text: Leon looks shocked, surprised.  But the needles in the computer barely move.  Holden goes for the inside of his coat.  But big Leon is faster.  His LASER BURNS a hole the size of a nickel through Holden's stomach. Unlike a bullet, a laser causes no impact.  It goes through Holden's spine and comes out his back, clean as a whistle.  Like a rag doll he falls back off the bench from the waist up.  By the time he hits the floor, big slow Leon is already walking away.  But he stops, turns and with a little smile of satisfaction, FIRES at the machine on the table. There's a flash and a puff of smoke.  The Voight-Kampff is hit dead center, crippled but not destroyed; as Leon walks out of the room, one of its lights begins to blink, faint but steady.
13) 0) text: An empty room.  A cot and not much else.  He steps in and stands quiet as a hunter sensing the signs.  For a place surrounded by greasy hovels it is surprisingly clean.  Spartan in fact.  The towel by the spotless basin is perfectly folded. Deckard runs two fingers over a shelf.  No dust.  He looks in the waste basket.  Wadded up candy wrappers. The bed by the window is neatly made.  Deckard looks under it, then runs his hands along both sides of the mattress. The closet.  There's one suit in it.  He pats it down. Nothing. A show box on the floor.  He stoops, takes out what looks like a pen from his pocket and care- fully traces it over the box.  Assured of its harm- lessness, he lifts off the lid. It contains a little stack of photos bound with a rubber band.  Deckard removes them, goes to the lamp by the balcony window and turns it on. A touching collection of family snapshots.  The kind of anonymous stuff sold by the bunch in dusty junk shops. The family dog.  Junior on the pony squinting in the sun.  Uncle Ben clowning with the kids.  The faded polaroid of Christmas morning.  Simple pictures of simple folks celebrating the family bond.  A curious collection for the likes of Leon and Deckard studies them with interest.
14) 0) text: Oblivious to the cloudburst, a blue-eyed albino stands in the doorway, peddling candy and artificial flowers looking like he'd never been touched by the light of day. Leon is standing behind him, staring up at his room, watching Deckard at the window.  He's still wearing his coveralls, but he looks different.  His face is more intent, smarter and angry.
15) 0) text: For one seething moment it looks like Leon might mash something, but suddenly he swings away and disappears into the crowd.
17) 0) text: Leon's got a neck like a fire hydrant and legs to match, but he's a graceful runner.  Looks like he could do it for days.  And he could.  He's put a lot of alley behind him and he's not out of breath.
19) 4) text: The Chinese are paying no attention, but the man and the woman seated at the table by the window are. The woman is pretty, a touch of gray in her hair, kind and blue-eyed.  MARY looks like an American dream mom, right out of "Father Knows Best." The man also resembles a tradition: the gym instructor, short cropped hair with the body of a drill sergeant, but the eyes are grey and chilling.  ROY BATTY is a presence of force with a lazy, but acute sense of what goes on around him. Leon has just come through the door behind them.  Try- ing not to be the bull in a china shop, he approaches their table and kneels .  Batty doesn't bother to look at him, which amplifies the note of sarcasm in his quiet voice.
19) 6) dialog: Somebody was already there.
19) 8) dialog: Just a man.
19) 10) text: Leon looks sullen.
19) 12) text: There's one next to him.  Leon pulls it over and sits.
27) 15) text: Deckard picks up the umbrella and with it stabs the terminal off button before Esper can respond and the machine goes dead.  He sits there for a moment then flips on the lamp.  Leon's snap-shots are spread out before him.
65) 12) text: The Cops start pushing.  And for one split second one of the crowd looks a lot like Leon.
67) 7) text: But the big man's digging through his pockets.  Deck- ard's drink arrives and the Russian raises his head. It's a big melancholy face with a glint of warmth in his red-rimmed eyes and a smile that could melt your heart.  But it's Leon.
67) 8) dialog: I think I have no money.
67) 10) dialog: But I would like to buy you drink.
67) 12) dialog: Vodka!
67) 14) dialog: Thank you very much.
67) 16) text: Deckard brings out his smokes.  Offers one.  Leon takes it and they light up.  The drinks come.
67) 17) dialog: Prosit.
67) 19) text: Down the hatch.  Leon slaps his glass on the bar, reach- es into his pocket, brings out a little match box and slaps that down too.  It's done with such pride that Deckard has to look.
67) 20) dialog: You want to see my friends?
67) 22) dialog: No problem.
67) 23) text: Leon smiles broadly and with ceremonious care opens the box and dumps three live cockroaches on the bar.
67) 25) dialog: Ya.
67) 26) text: Deckard looks interested.  One of them starts to scamp- er away, but Leon walls off the next with his huge hand.
67) 28) dialog: Two months.  But this one is not guy.  It is girl.  His girl.
67) 29) text: Leon leans closer like he doesn't want the cockroaches to hear.
67) 30) dialog: Usually Blackie waits until Igor is eating; then, when his back is turned, he tries to take advantage of Anna.
67) 32) dialog: Prosit.
67) 35) dialog: You never saw a cockroach make love?
67) 36) text: Deckard shakes his head, but he'd like to. Leon smiles slyly.
67) 37) dialog: We will try.
67) 38) text: Leon brings a cube of sugar out of his pocket and puts it on the bar.  They both lean down and watch intently. The drinks come and are put away, but the cockroaches are not cooperating.
67) 39) dialog: It must be that he is not hungry or maybe she is not hot.
67) 40) text: Leon is catching the roaches and one by one puts them back in their box.  He holds up the last and kisses it.
67) 41) dialog: You like to kiss her goodbye.
67) 44) text: What neither of them notices is that between Leon's fingers, his stub of his cigarette is burning his flesh. Deckard lifts his glass, it is empty.
67) 45) dialog: I like you.
67) 47) dialog: One more, eh?
67) 51) text: Leon watches his walk a perfect straight line through the bar down the passage and out of the rear exit.
68) 0) text: Deckard reels out.  The door swings shut and he's sober as hell and moving fast.  Around the big trash dumpster alongside the building, he plasters himself against the wall and his gun is out, aimed at the door.  He's in a good spot with a perfect line of fire.  Moments go by and he's glad for the time to steady himself.  The SOUND of his BREATHING, the HUM of the city and the quiet. Suddenly from behind, Deckard is swept off his feet and twirled around in Leon's bear-trap embrace. Leon lets go and Deckard hits the pavement, skidding hard enough to tear clothes and burn skin, but he rolls out of it and comes up with gun in hand; but Leon is so fast he's already there and kicks it out of his hand. Leon moves towards him, backing Deckard against the wall.
68) 1) dialog: How come you know where Zhora was so quick?
68) 5) dialog: How old am I?
68) 8) dialog: My birthday is April 10, 2015. How long do I live?
68) 11) dialog: More than you.
68) 12) text: Deckard's knees come up fast.  Leon's fist comes down faster, like a hammer.
68) 13) dialog: Painful to live in fear, isn't it.
68) 15) dialog: But that's how it is to be a slave.  The future is sealed off, he grovels, he waits.
68) 16) text: Even hurt, Deckard is fast.  He goes for his ankle gun, but Leon's got it out of his hand before he can even raise it and throws it down the alley. Deckard hurls forward, knocking him off balance, and scrambles to get away.  Leon grabs him by the foot, drags him back and jerks him off the ground.
68) 17) dialog: Sex, reproduction, security, the simple things.  But no way to satisfy them.  To be homesick with no place to go.  Potential with no way to use it.  Lots of little oversights in the Nexus 6.
68) 19) dialog: I tell you, nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch.
68) 20) text: Deckard slides down the wall to his knees and huddles, protecting his head with his arms, waiting for the next one. Leon folds his big hands together and raises them over his head, pausing just a second to savor the satisfac- tion of smashing Deckard's skull. The spasm that runs through Leon's face is not from satisfaction.  It's the bullet that went through his neck.  He hits the ground hard, his big teeth biting the air like a rabid dog.  Dead. Rachael is standing in the alley.  Deckard lies there looking at her.  She comes slowly and quietly forward and drops Deckard's gun by his side. Deckard gets to his hands and knees and tries to get up, but can't quite manage it.  He looks up at her, panting, spits blood and almost smiles.