0) 34) text: Leon looks shocked, surprised.  But the needles in the computer barely move.  Holden goes for the inside of his coat.  But big Leon is faster.  His LASER BURNS a hole the size of a nickel through Holden's stomach. Unlike a bullet, a laser causes no impact.  It goes through Holden's spine and comes out his back, clean as a whistle.  Like a rag doll he falls back off the bench from the waist up.  By the time he hits the floor, big slow Leon is already walking away.  But he stops, turns and with a little smile of satisfaction, FIRES at the machine on the table. There's a flash and a puff of smoke.  The Voight-Kampff is hit dead center, crippled but not destroyed; as Leon walks out of the room, one of its lights begins to blink, faint but steady.
13) 0) text: An empty room.  A cot and not much else.  He steps in and stands quiet as a hunter sensing the signs.  For a place surrounded by greasy hovels it is surprisingly clean.  Spartan in fact.  The towel by the spotless basin is perfectly folded. Deckard runs two fingers over a shelf.  No dust.  He looks in the waste basket.  Wadded up candy wrappers. The bed by the window is neatly made.  Deckard looks under it, then runs his hands along both sides of the mattress. The closet.  There's one suit in it.  He pats it down. Nothing. A show box on the floor.  He stoops, takes out what looks like a pen from his pocket and care- fully traces it over the box.  Assured of its harm- lessness, he lifts off the lid. It contains a little stack of photos bound with a rubber band.  Deckard removes them, goes to the lamp by the balcony window and turns it on. A touching collection of family snapshots.  The kind of anonymous stuff sold by the bunch in dusty junk shops. The family dog.  Junior on the pony squinting in the sun.  Uncle Ben clowning with the kids.  The faded polaroid of Christmas morning.  Simple pictures of simple folks celebrating the family bond.  A curious collection for the likes of Leon and Deckard studies them with interest.
23) 0) text: It's an old panel job with ambulance siren and lights. The lettering on the side reads "J.R. SEBASTIAN - ANIMOID EXPRESS."  Sebastian gets in, starts up the engine and suddenly realizes he's not alone.  It's a jolt that causes him to yelp. PRIS is sprawled on the seat next to him, and wakes up with a yelp of her own.  They stare at one another for a startled instant, and she jumps out and starts walk- ing. But she's forgotten her little beat-up overnight case. Sebastian puts the truck in gear, drives next to her and opens the door.
23) 4) dialog: I was tired and didn't have any place to go.
23) 11) dialog: Pris.
23) 13) dialog: Hi.
23) 18) dialog: I don't have one.
23) 22) dialog: They left.
23) 24) dialog: I have some, but I have to find out where they are staying.
23) 28) dialog: We scared each other pretty good didn't we?
23) 31) dialog: I'm hungry, J.F.
23) 33) dialog: I was hoping you'd say that.
26) 3) text: Pris is light on her feet.  She's standing behind him with a half-eaten sandwich in her hand.
26) 4) dialog: Whatcha doin'?
26) 10) dialog: Just better.
26) 12) dialog: Thanks.
26) 14) dialog: And you live in this building all by yourself?
26) 19) dialog: How old are you?
26) 22) dialog: What's your problem?
26) 25) dialog: What's that?
26) 27) dialog: Is that why you're still here?
26) 30) dialog: I like you just the way you are.
26) 33) dialog: As a matter of fact I did.  They've got some work to do tonight, but they're gonna come tomorrow.
43) 0) text: The referee is bouncing around the ring, trying to keep up with the two Mexican light-weights pounding the shit out of each other.  If not for the fuzz and the silence, the audio on the holoscope is off, you might think you were ringside at the Garden.  It's a good fight but Pris isn't watching. She's got her feet up on the couch painting her toe nails.  The room is so quiet you can almost hear the polish.  She starts on her fourth toe when a NOISE form above STOPS HER It sounded like a CREAKING of a FLOOR, but so quiet, sudden and over so fast it's hard to be sure.  She stares at the ceiling a moment, then glances at Sebastian. On the other side of the room, in his own world, Sebastian is peering into his magnifier, soldering gossamer strands with a laser. Pris has crossed the floor and is closing the door quietly behind her.  If the animoids nestled around the ledges of the room are capable of noticing, they'd be the only ones in the room who did.
47) 3) dialog: He's not ready yet.
47) 5) dialog: Tomorrow, he says.
47) 6) text: Batty nods he can't wait.  Pris glances at Mary and gives a frigid little smile.  Pris backs out and closes the door behind her.  Batty blows air through his nostrils.  Like an animal.
48) 0) text: The sky is streaked with remnants of a lingering dusk. Prisms of light flash over the sheen of Deckard's car as he cuts off the freeway and sweeps down the off- ramp curve.
75) 2) text: Smiling, Batty hands them back to Sebastian, who is too startled to speak. Pris runs up and gives Batty and Mary a big hug, steps back effusing and smiling, everybody's favorite teen- ager.
75) 3) dialog: This is my Uncle Roy, Sebastian.
75) 6) dialog: And my Aunt Mary.
75) 8) dialog: And this is my savior, J.F. Sebastian, everybody.
75) 17) dialog: Sebastian doesn't like to go out too much.
75) 33) text: Pris comes up close.  Her tone muted but demanding.
75) 34) dialog: Well?
75) 36) dialog: I want to know what's going on.
75) 39) text: Pris is shocked.  Her whisper comes out a hiss.
75) 40) dialog: Then we're stupid and we'll die.
75) 45) dialog: I don't trust him.  I don't think he knows what he's doing.
77) 0) text: He's sitting on the couch, glum, contemplative. There's a SOUND.  His eyes move to the door.  Those locks are opening again.  Rachael comes in.  Looks surprised to see him.  Him too.
79) 0) text: Batty, Pris and Mary sit at the table staring at their host.  Sebastian is staring back, his fork halfway to his mouth, looking from face to face.  Although nothing is being said, he's totally comfortable, as much at home with them as he is with his animoids.
79) 7) dialog: What makes you think so?
79) 12) text: Sebastian whistles.  Mary's head is shaking slightly. Pris gets up and moves to the couch.  Batty couldn't be more pleased.
79) 22) text: Pris perks up proudly.
79) 23) dialog: I think, therefore I am.
79) 25) text: It's a command Pris is pleased to obey.  She sits quiet- ly a moment, hands folded in her lap, prim and proper. Mary doesn't like these displays, but Batty is beaming. Those hands in Pris' lap suddenly move, almost faster than the eye can see and slam down on either side of her, digging into the material with such ferocity that Sebastian jumps.  She plunges into the guts of the couch up to her elbows and comes up holding springs and stuff- ing.  Except for the clenched teeth, she is smiling like an angel. Sebastian is riveted, his eyes wide and astounded, like he's just seen the devil.  He laughs nervously, glad that the devil is a friend.
79) 33) text: Sebastian sneaks a glance.  Pris is staring at him with big childlike eyes, Sebastian looks back at Batty, moved but helpless.
79) 50) text: Pris sits up smiling.  Mary sighs a breath of relief and Batty leans back nodding in gratitude.
79) 54) text: Pris gets up and comes to Sebastian and kisses him. That has a lot of impact.  Sebastian looks around try- ing to keep the tears from coming.
94) 0) text: Sebastian is putting his work table in order, but his mind is not with it and his hands are trembling. Batty, Pris and Mary are on the other side of the room talking:  their voices low.
94) 14) text: She's too fragile for that logic, but it appeals to Pris.  She and Batty hold a look that burns. Sebastian is by the window.
94) 21) dialog: I want to do it.
99) 0) text: It's a gym.  The mirror-lined walls are cracked and tarnished, the equipment atrophied from lack of use. The heavier barbells have sunk into the floor.  Two weight-reducing machines are flapping and grinding away like idiots.  Deckard's eyes stop on the woman. She dangles a few feet off the floor, hung by the shoulders through rings suspended from the ceiling. Her head is slung forward, her body limp and slightly swaying. Deckard pushes open one of the doors until it touches the wall.  Slowly, he advances toward the hanging figure, keeping an eye on the mirror to cover surprises from the door.  He's not breathing hard.  His heart isn't pound- ing.  Deckard's in his element. Close enough to look up into her face, he stops.  It isn't grisly death that causes the reaction in his eyes.  It's the innocence of her angel face. It's not something he has time to consider.  In the mirror behind him, he sees the door starting to open. Deckard spins.  He shouldn't have.  Pris' legs snap up, crack the laser out of his hand and clamp around his neck. Slowly, the door swings closed, but Deckard doesn't notice.  His carotid artery is no longer sending blood to the brain.  He jerks up his foot and reaches down. As his fingers close around the ankle laser, Pris' fingers close around his wrist.  Deckard's hand opens like a flower.  The laser drops to the floor as his eyes roll back into his head.
99) 1) dialog: Naughty, naughty.
99) 2) text: She lets go, but before he can fall, she rams a foot into his back.  He's propelled fifteen feet across the room, slams into a machine and falls to the floor. Pris flies off the rings and comes at him. Deckard reaches out to pull himself up, but she's al- ready there.  Not too hard and just in the right place, she kicks him in the stomach.  He goes back to the floor, gagging for air.  Oh-so-precisely she reaches out with a long index finger and flips the switch on the machine. It's a flab eliminator with a vibrator belt.  Normally an innocuous piece of equipment, but the motor housing on this one is missing.  Lots of GRINDING METAL.  A bad place for flesh and bone. But that's where Deckard's hand is going.  An eight- year-old against a full-down man.  In two more seconds his hand will be ground round.  Deckard tries to pull his hand loose.  It won't come.  He yanks hard, but it's welded in hers. His face is twisted and strained as he raises a leg, wedges his foot against her chest and pushes with all his might.  The hold breaks.  They topple back.  Deckard hits the floor gulping to catch his breath.  Pris is up and coming for him again.  She hovers over him.  Deckard rolls out of the way as she comes down like a pile driver. Reflexively Deckard raises his arm to protect himself. Pris just smiles, takes hold of his foot and drags him across the floor.  She doesn't like to leave a piece of work unfinished.  They're going back to the machine. He goes by a weight-stand of dumbbells and grabs hold. It doesn't stop him.  He's sliding over the floor like it was ice, weight stand in tow. Pris gets to the machine, yanks his foot up and forces it toward the opening.  Deckard sits up, a five-pound dumbbell in his hand, and clobbers her in the back.  It knocks her off balance, but she doesn't let go of his foot.  She hooks out with a fist but misses.  He gets her with a roundhouse in the face. She goes to the floor and Deckard's up, the dumbbell over his head, coming down with it.  Fighting for her life now, Pris drives a foot into his chest.  It lifts him off the floor.  He flies back across the gym and lands in a heap. No more games.  Pris is furious and moving fast.  She rips a steel bar out of the wall and, holding it over- head, charges him like a samurai.  As she comes down for the kill, she freezes. Deckard landed near the laser.  He crawls towards it. As in a nightmare, it takes forever.  But he gets there. He reaches out and grabs the laser, rolls over and takes careful aim.  She charges towards him, screaming her rage.  He FIRES as she comes. The shot amputates her left arm at the shoulder, but her hand doesn't let go of the bar.  It dangles crazily in front of her as she charges forward. He PUTS THE NEXT ONE through her neck.  Pris hiccups a rope of blood as she flies through the air and crashes next to Deckard.  Dead. He lies next to her, chest heaving.  Slowly he rolls over and gets to his hands and knees.  Panting, he stag- gers to his feet and stands over her, swaying slightly. The sound that escapes his throat is raspy and dry.  It might not sound like a war cry, but it is.