58) 0) text: Not many people.  Wind blowing.  A nest of garish small-time clubs. Deckard emerges from one, goes into the next.  The pulsing neon over the entry says "TAFFEY'S BAR."
60) 0) text: Taffey's what's referred to in the trade as a "Chicken Hawk" collector of young girls. It must be so, there's one in the bed.  Thin, pale, about thirteen years old, eyes rolled up under her fluttering eyelids, wires attached to her forehead, lying flat on her back in Taffey's crowded little room. Taffey's a little fella with wide hips and narrow shoulders, wears a jet black toupe and has a face like a seal.  But at the moment he's not present. There's a KNOCK at the DOOR, then the SOUND of a TOILET FLUSHING.  Taffey comes out of the bathroom, heart pounding under his polyester bathrobe, and approaches the door like the guilty fucker he is.  He looks through the peeper. Deckard is out there holding up his I.D.
60) 2) dialog: Yes?
60) 4) text: There is a pause lasting the time it takes Taffey not to think of a way to say no.  The door opens and Deckard enters.  Except for the drool coming out of the corner of her mouth, and the fluttering eye-lids, Venus doesn't move a muscle.
60) 5) dialog: Excuse my niece there... She's studying for an exam.
60) 8) dialog: Of course.
60) 9) text: Taffey bends down really close, peering at the pictures from about two inches away.
60) 10) dialog: You see I lost my contacts a couple of days ago around here somewhere and my sight is a little... What am I supposed to be looking for?
60) 13) dialog: This one looks familiar, but I don't know.  Naw.  There's one came in today looks a little like this one but...
60) 15) dialog: Who?
60) 17) dialog: Nothing.  She wanted to know about suck night.
60) 19) dialog: I didn't know if I wanted to handle her -- I already got a snake act.  But my partner goes down there to the Opera House on suck night to book the good ones.
60) 21) dialog: That's what we call in the trade, audition free-for- alls and most of it sucks. Bit I don't think that's her.
60) 23) text: Taffey nods.  Deckard goes to the door and turns.
60) 25) dialog: Lots of places.  The tours, the clubs, the Silicone shows, private parties.
60) 27) dialog: Silicone Valley.  Lots of these science guys never leave that place.  We book two shows a month in there. Those big time techs and bio- guys might be real high zoners up here, but when it comes to the arts, they like it loud and lewd.