60) 12) text: He stops at Zhora.
63) 27) dialog: You ever get the feeling things aren't the way they seem?
65) 0) text: It's raining heavily. The front of the Opera House is open only to foot traf- fic these days.  A bizarre place on a Friday night, hawkers and whores, the rabble, the poor and the cur- ious mill around the randy-built platforms and brightly lit stands.   Zhora, in just a raincoat, is not out of place in this flea market atmosphere.  Trying not to run, she slices through the mob as quickly as she can. Deckard is not far behind, dodging and side-stepping, trying to move against the tide of people scurrying for shelter. She comes to an intersection and turns out of the mall onto a less crowded street.  She glances over her shoulder as she breaks into a run and runs right into a couple of pedestrians.  All three go down. Deckard comes out of the crowd in time to spot her get- ting to her feet.  She sees him and runs.  The two ped- estrians are in his line of fire.  He runs past them and drops to one knee, leveling his laser.
65) 2) text: She doesn't.  The beam flashes through the air, but she's already around the corner. With his bottom lip between his teeth, it hurts to move so fast, Deckard jack-legs it into the street and jumps in front of the first car coming.  It screeches to a stop.  Deckard scrambles for the door, but the guy be- hind the wheel has other ideas.  He peels out fast. The next car slows down and swerves trying not to hit him.  Deckard goes for the door and before the old ma- tron inside can lock it, Deckard's yanked it open and jumps in.  She screams as he pushes her into the pas- senger seat and jams the car into a wrenching about face.  The lady squeals like a pig as the momentum plasters her against the door. Deckard slams it around the corner and guns it down the street.  It's long and it's empty and it's going by fast. Nothing the old lady cares to see -- she's got her hands over her eyes, whimpering, hoping she'll faint before she dies. Deckard takes the next left so hard he almost lays it over.  As the car bounces off the curb he floors it. Zhora's a hundred yards ahead, halfway down the street, trying to make it back into the crowded mall.  She's running fast, but the car is faster. As he passes her, Deckard hits the brakes and skids broadside seventy feet.  The door flies open and he rolls out FIRING. Zhora's ducking it with no where to go, except... The showcase window on her left EXPLODES as she crashes through. It's a corner shop joined to a series of stores, front- ing the mall.  Deckard runs to the opening she's made and pours FIRE through the tunnel of her jagged wake as Zhora breaks through one window after another, getting sliced, getting shot, trying to get away from Deckard's laser.  But she doesn't. His last shot burns a hole through the base of her skull.  It kills her but doesn't stop her.  Her speed takes what's left of her through the last two windows and into the street where she runs into a parked car with such force that she embeds herself in the side of it. Hunched over, breathing hard, Deckard comes slowly for- ward.  The crowd starting to gather.  There's something for everybody and they're coming from all directions. Deckard moves through them, edging to have a look. It's not a good thing to see.  It looks like Salome and the car tries to eat each other.  A bloody feast of metal and flesh. Deckard bows his head, sick, exhausted.  So much commo- tion he doesn't notice THREE COPS closing in from behind.