0) 0) text: and   CLOSEUP OF TONY MONTANA 7 the scar-faced one, in the young angry prime of his life. We dwell first on the scar which he likes to scratch now then.   We move to the eyes, pure in their fury.  Finally encompass the face -- the face of a man about to explode muscle, tissue, brain -- a man willing to live or die and on the increment of a moment, inflict or receive either o He is clothed in rags crossed with holes, his shoes broke cardboard, his hair unkempt, his complexion sallow from prison. Over     this:
0) 14) dialog: This.   That. The Army.                   Some    con- struction work....
0) 19) text: We now reveal three men in civilian clothing in the afternoon light of the little room. Actually it's plywood office somewhere in the processing hall and the din from the hall over the question and answer. the men sit around a desk, the Third Man stands in staring at Tony, the most authoritative-looking of three. (checking off a list) You       been in a mental hospital,                Tony?
0) 22) dialog: (to Man #2) Never tried it. What the with this guy, what's he                  think I am?
0) 35) text: He holds up Tony's hand and indicates the tattoo between thumb and second finger -- a heart with the word "Madre" scaled through it.
0) 38) dialog: Hey, so I was in the can once for buying dollars. Big deal.
0) 54) dialog: Hey, that's okay, too, Harry. No hard feelings.
0) 56) dialog: Send me here, send me there. This. That. Nothing you can do to me Harry, Castro didn't do -- nothing....
0) 57) text: That taunting smile on Tony's lips as, to the music of th immigration theme, we:
0) 60) dialog: So I'll sit in your lap.
0) 61) text: Tony pushes his feet off, sits. He takes the Baby Ruth ou of Manny's hand, peels out the bar of chocolate, then returns the empty wrapper to Manny,
0) 62) dialog: So what'd you tell them? I told them what you told me to tell them.  I told them I was in sani- tation in Cuba.
2) 0) text: A    movie     projector... . . . the face of Bogart -- unshaven, paranoid. a badly damaged 16 mm print of The Treasure of the Sierra Madre.     It's near the end of the film and he's alone, to himself just before the bandits get him.... The rag-tag audience is noisily yammering back at the scr the camera moving past Manny Ray, chewing gum, hair slick eyes in cat-like repose...to Tony, enrapt, eyes like an eleven year old, mouth hanging open.
3) 0) text: Tony is moving down 23rd Street, the walk proud and jungl in the rock of the hips and the cast of the shoulders -- now accompanied by his handsome compadre, Manny
3) 1) dialog: That Bogart, Chico, hunh?
3) 5) dialog: That gold dust blowing in the wind. Y'see Manny, he's always looking over his shoulder. Hunh?   Like me....
3) 6) text: He hunches, darting exaggerated looks over his shoulder, imitating Bogart. Manny laughs. In his black shirt with zig-zag dots and colors and the baggy pants and sunglasse Tony's starting to look American. He's even got himself a pop button pinned to his shirt that says "Fuck Off and Di And hi6 English rolls faster off his tongue, his confiden more pronounced.
3) 8) dialog: Never happen to me, Chico. That's one thing I never gonna be. I never gonna be crazy like that. Yeah, how do you know....
3) 12) text: playfully punches Manny and they walk on into Tony humid night, intersecting a young punk, Chi-Chi.
3) 20) text: As they chatter, Tony moves on with a movement of the hea for Manny.  "Later." He's in the middle of the "Boulevard" where a bustling bl market in toiletries, clothing, cigarettes, and transves- tites is conducted nightly in the harsh glare of barrack neon. He ambles past a bunch of young guys throwing a Frisbee, past a "Viva Carter!" proclamation in graffiti....
3) 22) dialog: (passing her) Yeah     with whose cock,                honey?
4) 3) text: Tony changes his mind, hangs up.  Pause. The faces of tho in line peer in, the next party raps on the door, but Ton ignores it, slips the snapshot back into the wallet in hi pants, then at his own pace, exits the phone booth. He walks a few beats, his eyes pensive. somebody     in       another          phone     booth Angel Frenandez has got the face of one, as he argues on the phone, then hangs up, a desolate look on his face, a worn phone book in his hand.
4) 8) text: Manny      catches         up    to     Tony.
4) 19) dialog: You worry too much, mi hermano.  Like the man says, 'when you got 'em by the balls, their hearts and minds gonna follow' --hunh?
4) 20) text: Tony     winks    and   walks   off. The radio is playing hard rock, something like Blondie or Benatar from the stoop of a nearby barrack.  Tony loves t sound and swings into it, snapping his fingers and rollin his hips like Presley. He back-peddles, smiling at Manny and Angel.
4) 21) dialog: (in awful imitation) 'Oh yeah America! Love-to          love      you baby, oh yeah!'
5) 0) text: 11 Camera on Tony shuffling and feinting a soccer ball in al impromtu game; he's covered with sweat, tires a fancy mo\ around a younger kid who not only steals the ball away fl him but manages to lay him flat on his face.
5) 1) dialog: (lying there) Aw fuck....
5) 2) text: The game, leaving      him   behind,   shifts   downfield Qye !   Tony!   C'mon!
5) 3) text: Mamy, just arrived at the edge of the field, waves him o Tony, getting up, brushing himself off, walks off the fie towards him.
5) 5) dialog: I got better-things to do.
5) 7) dialog: (to Manny) Yeah? (looking zd) Let's   walk.
5) 9) dialog: Yeah.
5) 11) dialog: Yeah, whadda we gotta do, go to Cuba and hit the Beard or what?
5) 15) dialog: (enthusiastic)
8) 14) dialog: Go over there. Ask him gimme some money.  He'll give you the silver right outta his pants -- that's America man, that's what they do here. (almost believing) Yeah? Hey Tony catch this tomato. (adjusting his pants) Ooooh baby doll...(*SEE NOTE)
8) 21) text: 27-A   c0NT1NmD - 2 Tony waves    her off, then changes his mind and runs up behind her    and throws up her skirt and peeks at her as Before she    can react, he hops away laughing as the two Cuban girls    ad-lib Spanish expletives at him. Bey that's not cool, man. You wanna score one of these chicks, watch me. Mira! He wiggles his tongue up and down, fast like a small whirring motor part, then slips it back into his mouth in the flick of an eye.
8) 22) dialog: ...the fuck was #at? You didn't see it?   You weren't looking.  Hey you gotta watch for it. Does it again, quickly; it looks like a baby robin's head peeking out of a nest iin his teeth, then it's gone.
8) 23) dialog: What the hell's that for -- eating bugs?  That's disgustin'. You think so hunh? Well you don't know shit 'bout chicks Chico. they see this, they know. They go crazy.   They don't resist me. Does it again. Tony tries but lacks the speed and agility provoking Manny's laughter. Many double checks himself in shop window. (doing it again) Takes practice, mi sangre, but they just love it when you flop that pussy with it....
8) 24) dialog: Oooh...cono!   How 'bout that one?
9) 0) text: Tony walks right out into the avenue, sticking .out his a and stopping traffic. Cars honk angrily but he couldn't give a shit.
9) 2) text: Manny follows as Tony now moves across the opposite lane, car screeching to a halt in front of him.
9) 4) text: The    blonde    has     paused    to     look    in   a Manny stops alongside, pretends to her eyes, he flicks his tongue. She looks at him, confused, then back into the window. Manny look back at Tony, winks, sidles closer to her. Tony, waiting off to the side, catches the gaze of a somb child, four, toddling along with it's'mom.  Be makes his own version of a funny face at the kid who looks back at him puzzled. Tony produces another face.   The kid now smiles.  The mother looks over.  Tony shrugs.  She smiles and moves along. Meanwhile,       Manny    has     moved     close      to something,    his eyebrows raising, the smile crooked. It takes a    moment, then the blonde smacks him across the and walks        away. Tony     walks    over     to     him,    mocking.
9) 12) text: table is taken. family restaurant, cafe, tourist haunt and late-night watering hole for various beasts of prey. The waitresses move like well-oiled troops along the path to the kitchen, turning the tables at a speedy rate. The camera following past the pots and the pans and the steam and the yelling cooks -- to the deepest, darkest recess o this dungeon.... . . . To reveal Tony Montana stubbing grease off the pots Manny Ray washing a stack of dishes. They're filthy and exhausted.      A dish slips through Manny's fingers and to the floor. A look between them suffices to tell us all
9) 17) dialog: Your big shot friend better come up with something soon.  I didn't come to America to break my fucking back, querido. (equally xated) Hey he's coming okay! What do you want?
10) 0) text: we are looking through a cubbyhole at the diners.  Young Cuban guys with chiquitas drift in with their fancy cloth diamonds and -- the mark of status -- large bodyguards. They're out front with the flash, shaking hands with friends, kissing, talking loud, familiar with the waitres Staring through the smeared window enrapt are Tony and M--q, wiping the sweat off their faces with towels. Look at that chick man, wow!   Look at them knockers.
10) 1) dialog: Yeah, look at the punk with her. What's he got that I don't got? He's good-looking that's what, look at his clothes, flash Chico, pizzaz!.. a litte coke money don't hurt nobody....            (Xl
10) 2) dialog: Junkie! -- They got no fuckin' character. (looks at his hands) Look at these...fucking Cono! onions!    They outta be picking gold off the streets.
10) 7) dialog: (contemptuous of the name)
11) 1) text: Hey Omar, Waldo, coma esta...my friend I told you about. Tony Montana.. .Omar Suarez, Waldo Rojas.... Waldo mumbles something indistinct, Omar just stares brie as Tony hangs back, nodding arrogantly. Omar's eyes move back to Manny.
11) 5) dialog: You gotta be kidding! Whaddayou think we are -- baggage handlers?
11) 13) text: Steps     forward.       Manny    grabs        him. Bey!    --     Tony,     Tony....
11) 22) dialog: You kidding.
11) 24) text: Hey, that sounds great, Tony.... Tony says nothing.
11) 31) dialog: I'm scared. (relieved)
11) 32) text: Tony you're pushin' your luck.
11) 35) dialog: (walking away)
11) 38) dialog: So what does it matter? So whatcha have that look on for when Omar bring it up? Tony strips off his greasy apron.
11) 39) dialog: So nothin'.   I just don't like fuckin' Columbians that's what. They're animals!
11) 42) dialog: Wash         yourself. I just retired. `em
11) 46) dialog: Look after my investments.
12) 0) text: 31 The somewhat run-down, art-deco cheaper hotels of South Miami Beach. The porches are filled with senior citizens playing cards, reading papers, staring, slowly walking th street. The ramshackle sedan, jammed with Tony and his gang, rattles past. It's a beaten-up black and blue Monte Carlo jacked up on its springs with dune buggy threads and needing paint.   You'd arrest these guys on sight.
12) 17) dialog: (angry) shaddup -- all of ya! I told                 (Xl
12) 19) dialog: Okay, this is it. Pull over across the street. The motel is coming closer in silence.
12) 20) dialog: (to Manny)
13) 0) text: 33 Tony and Angel come slowly, gingerly down an exterior corridor to a room marked "9".  Nodding to Angel who remains in the stairwell with the Ingram machine pistol, Tony knocks. Pause.
15) 0) text: Tony, stepping   into the conventionally tasteless orange blue motel room (with heavy blue drapes blocking the windows), spreads his hands in a similar posture inducati he too is not carrying; but this is only symbolic, it's n meant to be a body search.
15) 1) dialog: (as he steps in)
15) 3) dialog: (checking out the room)
15) 9) dialog: Hello, Marta. She nods woodenly, stays across the room. Behind her, the television set is on to the Cable Newswatch. The protagon intermittently flick their eyes to it, soothing the tensi
15) 11) dialog: Yeah.  I'm Tony.     So Omar says you're okay.
15) 13) dialog: You know Omar.
15) 15) dialog: Okay....
15) 17) dialog: Yeah, you got the stuff?
15) 19) dialog: Yeah well I don't got it either, I got it close by, too.
15) 21) dialog: How far's your stuff?
15) 22) text: No. Tony paces back towards, the door casually, $0 check Ange out.. .The Lizard staring at him.     ..
15) 27) dialog: So what do we do, walk in and start over?
15) 29) text: Where you from? Tony's eyes check out the bathroom.
15) 30) dialog: What fuckin' difference does it make where I'm from?
15) 32) dialog: You get to know me when you start doing business and not fucking around, Hector.
15) 34) dialog: Okay, what's the stall here?     Your guy late or something?
16) 6) text: She's standing there with a .32 pointed steady at him, th eyes like angry steel. There's no mistaking her ability t Shoot. The Toad pulls a 9mm out of the small of his back, approaches Tony. Angel is shoved into the room, followed by two more Columbians, "The Kids". They slam the door, both carrying Uzis with silencers, neither of them higher than five-fou or older than twenty, with their straight black Indian ha cut across their blank eyes, they look like hungry little pirranha careless about killing, muttering with the Lizar in fast Columbese slang. As Toad strips the handgun from Tony:
16) 7) dialog: Frog face, you just fucked up.     You steal from me, you're dead.
16) 10) dialog: Try sticking your head up your ass. See if it fits.
16) 11) text: Toad, completing the body search, rips out the stiletto taped to the small of Tony's back. As he mutters somethin in hard Columbian slang to the two kids who shove Angel into the bathroom, producing strands of thick rope. Even more worrisome is the chainsaw that the Lizard now pull6 out of the suitcase under the bed.  Toad begin6 assembling it as Lizard, still covering Tonywith her gun, completes the deadpan process by turning up the volume on the television set. The news, not 50 ironically in Miami, is about a drug-related triple-homicide.
20) 0) text: Angel hangs suspended on the ropes from the top of the shower curtain bar, his legs straddling the edge of the bathtub.   Toad slaps a tape over his mouth. Tony, coverd by the two kids, watches from the lip of the bathroom.   He bucks angrily but the two kids ram their pistols up against his temple and pin him to the door. Angel      looks at Tony; the             eyes          b dead     and they know it. Toad,   well-prepared, connects                     a extension cord.
20) 2) text: Lizard reenters            the room, shakes her head nods and turns             on the whirring machine. The Toad smiles            amiably       and       angles towards Angel. The two kids press tight against Tony, guns pointed at brains...o.c. we know what's happening as we hear the chainsaw and we watch Tony's shock and rage. no expression
20) 3) text: Lizard     has                           on     her The Toad steps back from the tub, blood splattered on his shirt, examjning  his first cut like a butcher. He glance at Tony.
22) 0) text: The Toad turns off the chainsaw and steps back, now drenc with Angel's blood, totally unaffected. He looks at Tony. Tony glances back at him with fury, tears involuntarily dotting his eyes.
24) 0) text: The kids are starting to strap Tony up to the top of the shower. The Lizard watches from the lip of the bathroom, impassiv
25) 0) text: and the door smashes open and Manny barrels through and shoots a surprised Lizard as she raises her pistol. She crashes backwards into the room, wounded.  Everything happens very fast now. Manny is        at   the lip           of     the bathroo one, who        is   turning,          in     the neck. Tony, not tied up yet, spins on kid two and smashes the unloosened strap across his face, sending him reeling across   the bathroom. The      Toad, chainsaw           in       hand,        s Manny     fires      a     burst       into      him Manny     now      spins    into       a    wall,       h The Lizard, wounded on her knees, is firing her .32 at him.   In b-g., the window simultaneously blows out as Chi-Chi appears firing a burst with his Ingram. In sharp f-g., the                 Lizard         crumple foaming blood. Tony, with the tape still stuck across his mouth, smashes kid two, pinned against the blood-stained sink, with the stock of his own Ingram. In the midst of this, the Toad jumps up, wounded but with strength, he tears out the motel room door
26) 0) text: The senior citizens, playing Mah-Jorigg on the porch, mut in astonishment. As the Toad staggers out into the parking lot, chainsaw in hand, moving like a jerky chicken. Their      eyes       follow. As Tony comes out, walking after him deliberately, eyes s in cold fury, machine gun swinging loosely at his side. There's no rush, no fear of the police, getting even is a that counts.  He stands behind the Toad.
26) 2) text: The     Toad   whips         around     to    the     voi Tony      empties      the     clip     into    the     T The bystanders just                   stare, stunned an old lady faints. The Toad's body lying awkwardly arched in the gutter, Ton turns and with a passing disinterested glimpse at his audience, calmly walks back into the motel; the distance and the light sufficient to conceal Tony's possible ident fication.
26) 7) dialog: Manny, you okay?
26) 9) dialog: Chi-Chi,   get the car.      Fast!
27) 0) text: Tony    strides into the shambles of Room 9, past the bod and    busted furniture to the suitcase on the bed from w the    Lizard pulled the chainsaw. The TV news still play the    corner. Inside    are    several   kilo-sized He shuts the suitcase, exits, stops, looks in the bathroo at the corpse of Angel O.C.  He goes, stoops, brings Angel's Change charm into our view, fingers it, tosses it back in the tub. He goes.
28) 0) text: Chi-Chi has the sedan waiting in the parking lot. Tony hurries out, jumps in, the car speeding off.   (Pisalo ha la tabla -- Step on it.) Past the senior citizens who are retreating inside their rooms. The camera swinging to hold on the blue and black Monte C disappearing into the traffic of the Strip as twb cop car come screaming past them from the opposite direction.
29) 0) text: The booth is in the busy parking lot, Tony on the phone, Chi-Chi and Manny wait in the sedan.
29) 1) dialog: Yeah, bunch of cowboys!..somebody fucked up Omar.
29) 7) dialog: i Yeah -- - I got the yeyo. and
29) 16) text: Tony     hangs     up, walks         back    to     the
31) 0) text: 52 A deluxe apartment with the latest in electronic security and surveillance, and a profusion of mirrors and luxury items... and a hefty, Indian-looking bodyguard (Ernie), e quietly trained like a Doberman pinscher. The boss, Frank Lopez, comes down a carpeted corridor, dressed for dinner in an expensive suit and shoes, somewh preoccupied as he greets Tony, then Max-my with a phony effusion of warmth. He's of Cuban-Jewish extraction, now Americanized in a rough and handsome sort of way, on the heavy side, the face going slightly soft, but the eyes an bulk carrying an odor of danger about him.
31) 23) text: Still a little overwhelmed by the opulence of the place, his clothes feeling narrow and cheap on him, Tony steps forward and puts the suitcase up on the bar with the gin, which Lopez passes to him, eyeing the suitcase.
31) 45) dialog: looks up, his eyes tumbling on the most beautiful blonde he's ever seen.  The lady, is coming down the glassed-in elevator, adjusting her $10,000 Yves St. Laurent burgundy dinner dress.
31) 47) text: Oooh   sweetheart, you look           Where you been baby like   a millions bucks.              ten o'clock, I'm hu She doesn't answer, her eyes                    ELVIRA flicking   disinterestedly            You're always hungr over Tony and Manny, knowing          should try starving what the evening's going to be and not too happy about            Lopez       laughs. it.
31) 50) dialog: Uh...hi. (equally impressed) Yeah,    hi.
34) 0) text: Frank Lopez, intoxicated, takes his heart pill with a slu of champagne.   He sits next to Tony, who is agog at all this wealth.                            Elvira is in con- Omar and Ernie look on.
34) 25) text: In France, it cost $100 but don't tell anybody in Miami. Tony catches her eye.     She    looks            interes
35) 15) dialog: Hey, yeah, you're not kidding, this is good stuff, Frank.
35) 29) text: Tony                                 at    his   boss.
36) 0) text: It's interesting to watch Tony walk to the Elvira.   It's not so much an act of walking of war, a tank bouncing anything or anybody in the way. Be just proceeds in a straight forward.   It's not that he doesn't see the off, it's that he couldn't care less.
37) 0) text: Tony and Elvira are dancing semiclose to a slow Billy Joe dance tune. Be's no great shakes as a dancer, leaden in the legs and shoulders.
37) 4) dialog: Elvira St. James.  Sounds like a nun or something.  So where you from?
37) 14) text: Tony, pissed, bangs once more into the elderly couple. The man stops dancing, looks at him exasperated but Tony doesn't see.
37) 15) dialog: Whatta you talking crazy                  for, whatsa matter with.you?
37) 20) dialog: ...Why you got this beef against the world? You got a nice face, you got great legs, you got the fancy clothes and you got this look in your eyes like you haven't been fucked good in a year.   What's the problem, baby?
39) 0) text: From his battered Monte Carlo across the curb, Tony, spru up and nervous in a new suit, gets out carrying a bag of gifts.  Manny is at the wheel, curious.
39) 9) dialog: . ..I. shoulda been here IO vears ace man. This town's like a fig pussy dyin' to $5 fucked, ParaBise, rr.an, saradisef  I: coulda been a millionaire now. Get xy 3wn golf COXSP, a boat... mhi
39) 11) dialog: . ..yeah ve gotta make sore moves on our own Xanny, we never gcnna score the i3ig Xoney vorking for Frank. Frankvs okay.
39) 12) dialog: Yeah -- cause he buys you a suit?    You thinkin' like a chicker,h,ead again
39) 27) dialog: !..the fuck was that?
39) 34) text: Does it again. Tony tries but lacks the speed and agility