5) 0) text: The sex happening in the next room makes it difficult for Danny to sleep. Next to a digital clock that reads 3:07AM, the clean cut 14-year-old flips to his side. A poster of Lee Ving of FEAR onstage, taped to the wall. Pre-Calculus and Biology books on the floor. Cassettes scattered on his tiny desk. A stereo in the corner. The off-screen sound of breaking glass grabs Danny's attention. He sits up and looks through the blinds.
6) 0) text: Danny SEES a man reach through the broken window and unlock the door. He quickly. pans to the idling Trans Am.
7) 1) dialog: Holy shit. Danny quickly bolts out of his room and into the adjacent bedroom down the hall. He barges through the door.
8) 0) text: It hangs above a serious computer and next to a giant, tome-filled bookshelf. The moans, meanwhile, approach orgasm. TIGHT ON DEREK VINYARD. The young man has a shaved head, a thick goatee, and a well-crafted SWASTIKA on his left tit. On top of Derek in the bed is his barely-of-age girlfriend, STACEY. The covers are completely off and a BLACK ROSE is tattooed across her right shoulder blade. Danny watches her fuck, only for a second.
8) 1) dialog: (softly) Der ! Danny walks over and shakes him. Startled, Derek forcefully grabs his little brother's arm.
8) 4) dialog: There's a black guy outside Der... breaking into your car. Derek, muscled and tattooed, jumps out of the bed and quickly puts on his skivvies. He reaches under his mattress, pulls out a SIG .45 semi-automatic pistol, and shoves in a clip.
8) 6) dialog: Not long.
8) 11) dialog: One...I think.
8) 13) dialog: Hunh?
8) 15) dialog: I'm not sure.
20) 0) text: PEACEFUL DAY by PENNYWISE blasts from Danny's walkman headphones. The day is cloudy and overcast but that doesn't bother the local SURFERS. A twosome paddles north to get a better break on the next set. Danny watches as he skateboards down the strand. His appearance is changed, now resembling a younger, softer Derek. Head shaved to a quarter of an inch, he wears a PLAIN WHITE BACKPACK with punk/white power bands scribbled all over it. Your standard Sex Pistols, DK, Germs, G.B.M., and Adolescents in black. Cro-Magnons and Skrewdriver off to the left. In red is the largest name, DICK NIXON.
22) 0) text: Danny throws his SKATEBOARD in, slams the door, and turns to face LIZZY, a pretty, redheaded freshman.
22) 2) dialog: Hey Lizzy.
23) 0) text: Danny takes a piss. Outside, a voice pleads "It wasn't me!" DARYL DAWSON, pale and thin, is shoved into the bathroom and he trips into the sink. LITTLE HENRY, a young black kid, enters with two of his buddies. Danny zips up and faces them.
24) 0) text: Kids have just settled into their seats.  Danny walks in  and tries to be discrete.
24) 4) dialog: (reading the slip) Oh, man! Come on. Get a job. The teacher stares at him.
25) 0) text: He sits in a chair next to an office door marked DR. ROBERT SWEENEY - PRINCIPAL. Danny glances at the secretary as she types and talks on the phone. TIGHT ON DANNY. He listens to the conversation through the the crack in the door as his eyes swell.
26) 0) text: The bespectacled, short-haired MURRAY ROSENBERG, 48, looks over and spots Danny listening outside. Murray walks over and shuts the door. He looks at DR. SWEENEY, who now has his jacket off. He points to a typewritten report on the desk and smiles in horror. It is titled BOOK REPORT--MEIN KAMPF. "Daniel Vinvard - American History" is in the upper left hand corner.
27) 4) dialog: I knew it was you. SWEENEY (O.S.)
28) 4) dialog: Well...I don't know.
28) 13) dialog: Yeah.
28) 16) dialog: Come on, man! I followed directions and wrote an "A" paper. It's got nothing to do with Derek.
28) 18) dialog: Let us get on with our lives, man!
28) 20) dialog: Do it. What?  You don't think I could handle it?
28) 22) dialog: It took me a week to read Mein Kampf. Come on, Sweeney.
28) 24) dialog: What am I doing it on then?
29) 0) text: A series of intercuts shows activity in and around the pier. A HOMELESS LATINO MAN searches a trash dumpster. OPEN VENDORS sell tie-dye and water bong paraphernalia. A FAT WOMAN walks past eating a hot dog. BLACK GANG MEMBERS play basketball in their low-rider shorts and boxers. TIGHT ON DANNY. He skateboards down the boardwalk, performing tricks and spinning the board. He eats shit, recovers, and looks off into the distance.
31) 0) text: DANNY'S POV. The teams are a mixed assemblage of 3 blacks and 2 Latinos and 3 whites and 1 black and 1 Latino. SKINHEAD FAT SETH RYAN, early twenties, and his two skinhead buddies, can't compete against the better, predominantly black team. One of the skins, CURTIS, has a shaved head, a light beard and an M-16 RIFLE tattooed on his head. JEROME and LITTLE HENRY sit together to the right of the court and monitor closely. Danny looks over his left shoulder and sees Derek and Stacey sit with CAMMERON. Cowboy hat and BRONCO JERSEY, they sit and converse on the bleachers.
31) 7) dialog: It's eight-six, Seth.
32) 17) dialog: You gotta call offense on that shit.
32) 22) dialog: (amazed by the dunk) Holy shit! Everybody courtside goes nuts. Derek walks to the sideline, ignoring all the hand slaps being offered. Everyone is riveted on Derek.
32) 24) dialog: Yeah! Fuck...yeah! A sweaty Derek pulls his little brother close. He takes a drink of water, spits out more blood, looks at his bitter opponent, and says nothing.
33) 0) text: Derek, Danny, Seth, Cammeron, Curtis and Stacey stand outside the Bronco. The doors are all open and the stereo softly plays music in the b.g. Derek dries off. DANNY'S POV. Derek throws a shirt and tie over his sweaty, tattooed body. Danny watches the tats disappear, and it's almost like his brother is normal. A name tag reads LA COPY CENTER - DEREK - ASSISTANT MANAGER. Derek looks at JEROME and LAWRENCE from afar. Danny notices the two men stare at his brother, ready to kill. Derek meets their gaze.
34) 0) text: Danny awakens from his daydream. The black players now stare at him. Danny puts his board down and skates down the boardwalk.
35) 0) text: Danny skates up to the gate and kicks his board up to his hand.  He passes two SURFBOARDS on his way towards the back.
36) 2) dialog: (smiling) Hey.
36) 4) dialog: Where?
37) 3) dialog: I've been trying to buy this.  You  can't find it anywhere. The two look at Dan.
37) 5) dialog: Fuck that. I just read Mein Kampf.
37) 8) dialog: Henry Hastings almost kicked Daryl Dawson's ass. He would're too if--
37) 10) dialog: Everyday there's something over there, man.
37) 12) dialog: I hear you.
38) 3) dialog: Zionist-Occupational-Government. Ahead an OLD ASIAN WOMAN tows a succession of SHOPPING CARTS. As Jason passes, he smacks her with his surfboard and knocks her to the ground. They all laugh and Danny breaks off and heads east on Rose.
40) 0) text: Danny skates up to his residence and looks at a car across the street. Two plainclothes cops from the earlier meeting sit in their car and stare from afar. Danny goes through the gate. iNT. HOUSE- SAME Danny walks in on the tearful family conclave.  He stands there, wishing the day would just end.
40) 1) dialog: Oh man--! Come on!  What are you crying about now? THE PHONE RINGS and Derek rushes down the hall to get it.
40) 3) dialog: Are you feeling better at all?
43) 0) text: Seth sits on the toilet. Danny pushes the door slightly and stares at Seth's GUN on the bathroom counter. Danny looks at him. After a few seconds--
43) 2) dialog: I'm still trying to figure it out.
43) 4) dialog: Fuck off. When'd you start carryin'?
43) 6) dialog: Jesus!  Chew your food, dude!
44) 4) dialog: You got pigs outside.
45) 0) text: He looks through the blinds and stares at the UNMARKED CAR. Danny throws his backpack on the bed and exits. TIGHT ON DEREK. He listens to the television.
48) 0) text: Danny, Davina, and Doris are glued to the news story on the same station. Doris, once beautiful, is now aged and graying. NYQUIL, PEPTO BISMOL, two PRESCRIPTION CONTAINERS, and a spoon rest on the coffee table.
49) 0) text: Danny walks' towards Derek and they smile and hug.  Davin and Doris soon join in. Davina
49) 2) dialog: {to the tv) What about OJ, bitch!?
51) 0) text: He looks through the fridge but finds nothing. He closes the door and looks at the family pictures on the door. A FAMILY SHOT of Doris, Derek, Danny, Davina, and DENNIS VINYARD in front of church. Seth appreciates Dennis in a coat and tie. Below that, a picture of a dirty and rugged Dennis and a young Davina, wearing her father's FIRE HELMET. Danny with Doris.
52) 0) text: He sits and comes upon Davina's revealing CROTCH. She studies and so does he. Danny walks in the kitchen and looks through the fridge. He pulls out a leftover piece of steak and gnaws on it. Seth looks over at Dan
52) 2) dialog: Goin' to Cam's party tonight?
52) 7) dialog: I'm there tonight. SETH
52) 9) dialog: Noo...but he's got two kegs.
52) 13) dialog: Is Cam playing sticks?
52) 16) dialog: I got homework, Seth.
52) 19) dialog: Fuck off.
52) 21) dialog: About Adolf?
52) 23) dialog: I believe in filth and destruction and chaos and death and greed.
52) 25) dialog: I believe in my family.
52) 27) dialog: "Respect your father and your mother. Whoever curses your mother and father... is to be put to death." Matthew 15-4.
52) 29) dialog: You mean that stuff about your mother? Davina CACKLES in the background.
52) 31) dialog: No.
53) 3) dialog: Yeah, man. I believe in Adolf. Seth smiles at the youth and speaks intimately.
53) 5) dialog: I hate everyone that isn't white Protestant.
53) 7) dialog: Because they're a burden to the advancement of the white race.  Some of them are all right--
53) 9) dialog: I don't know.  I feel threatened by them.
53) 12) dialog: I hate the fact that it's cool to be black these days.
53) 14) dialog: I hate this hip hop influence on white fuckin' suburbia.
53) 16) dialog: I hate Hilary Clinton and all of her Zionist MTV pigs telling us we should get along. Save the rhetorical bullshit honey, it ain't gonna happen. Seth looks at the young man.  He smiles at him with distinct revelation.
53) 28) dialog: What's it to you?
53) 30) dialog: (seeing this) I mean...how'd you find out?
53) 36) dialog: No.
53) 38) dialog: I did it cause I felt like it.
53) 40) dialog: Uhhh...yeah.
53) 43) dialog: Was that him on the phone?
54) 5) dialog: Are you gonna to live or what, Mom?
54) 10) dialog: You got any more?
54) 12) dialog: I'm goin' in a second.  Relax.
54) 18) dialog: No he's not. DEREK
54) 19) text: Yes he is. Open your eyes. Danny looks at Derek and smiles. DANNY
54) 22) dialog: (turning back) Come on, Der! It's gonna be fuckin'-- DEREK
54) 23) text: Forget it, Danny! It ain't gonna happen for you tonight. Danny walks off, frustrated. He crosses Seth's path, gets shoved into the wall, and reacts like it's an everyday occurrence. Seth moves out the side window and climbs out. SETH
57) 2) dialog: This sucks. He walks back out of his bedroom.
58) 0) text: He watches Davina complete her homework on the couch. Doris, on the sofa opposite, tries to sleep. DANNY
58) 3) dialog: Come here.
58) 5) dialog: Come here for a second! The scholar sets her homework aside and impatiently follows him down the hall.
59) 0) text: She sits on the edge of DANNY'S bed.  Danny hands her his assignment instructions.
59) 2) dialog: Just read it. She sighs and begins to read it out loud.
59) 4) dialog: Asshole turned me in.
59) 6) dialog: Just read.
59) 8) dialog: The night Derek wasted those guys. Davina takes a moment.
59) 10) dialog: Yep.
59) 12) dialog: Nooo...it'll be good for you. She stares at him for a good three seconds.
59) 14) dialog: Come on! Dick Nixon's playin' at Cammeron's tonight. You owe me.
59) 16) dialog: Goddammit! Davina walks to the door and looks back to her brother.
59) 18) dialog: Asshole Sweeney. He slowly begins to strike the computer keys. The screen reads "People look at me and they see my brother. That's the way things have gone since the murder of our father," TIGHT ON DANNY.  The frustated kid sits and thinks to him himself.
63) 0) text: Danny sparks up a cigarette and types on the screen.
68) 0) text: Murray goes to his car and Doris follows.  Danny watches from the door.
69) 0) text: DANNY'S POV -- He watches Doris stand alone, her face in her hands, crying. BEHIND Dan a humiliated Davina storms towards Derek, now wielding a BASEBALL BAT.
69) 1) dialog: Davina? Derek hears Dan and looks out of the corner of his eye. He spots her at the last moment.
69) 11) dialog: I believe you, Der. Derek smiles at his little brother, lovingly.
70) 0) text: He rises from the computer and PEEKS out the blinds. The two cops supposedly watching Derek are now eating in the car. One of them looks up. Danny flips the blinds down. From the other room, he hears Doris break into another coughing fit.
71) 1) dialog: Here.
71) 4) dialog: I've got this thing to do.
71) 6) dialog: Don't breathe on me.
71) 8) dialog: It's cold in here, no wonder your sick. She stares and smiles at him for a few moments.
71) 9) dialog: What?
71) 11) dialog: No. You're not.
71) 13) dialog: Nope. Never.
71) 15) dialog: Get some sleep.
71) 17) dialog: I'll be all right.
71) 19) text: He grabs a flannel and throws it on. He sees a cigar box that rests on the right shelf. He grabs it and looks inside. The rolled-up LA TIMES clipping reads "Prominent Skinhead Charged with Murder." The accompanying picture of Derek is near evil. TIGHT ON HIS EYES.  Danny stares at the clipping.  ON THE TRACK--GUNSHOTS.
73) 3) dialog: Let the cops handle it, Der!
73) 6) dialog: Derek!?
73) 10) dialog: The cops are comin' Der'
73) 13) dialog: (anticipating) No! Derek STOMPS his foot on the back of LAWRENCE'S head - completely tearing his jaw in half on the curb's corner.
73) 14) dialog: (crying) Holy fucking shit!  Derek!    What the hell was that for?!  Jesus! The two lock eyes. Derek does not flinch. Helicopter lights shine on the house. COP CARS SCREECH TO A HALT. DANNY'S POV. Two cops take cover behind their door, draw their guns, and shout instructions. Derek puts the gun down, puts his arms behind his head, and drops to his knees. His eyes are remorseless.
75) 0) text: They clearly focus on the computer. HIGHLIGHTED is the sentence "There might have been if I testified." Only when he hits the DELETE KEY does it disappear. He continues typing. DANNY (V/O)
75) 1) text: (continuing) Over the next year we'd lose our house and the rest of our father's pension to attorney fees. My mother...much to all of our surprise...stood by Derek. Danny's interrupted by a LOUD KNOCK on the front door.
76) 3) dialog: I told you I can't tonight.
76) 5) dialog: It's okay, Mom. The two punks laugh as Danny pushes them and their boards back to his bedroom.  He shuts his bedroom door.
77) 0) text: Danny looks at the two.
77) 1) dialog: If I don't finish this thing I'm dead.
77) 4) dialog: She did?
77) 6) dialog: Hello?
78) 5) dialog: (worried) What's going on?
78) 7) dialog: Everything's fine.
78) 9) dialog: I'm doing it right now.
78) 11) dialog: (covering the receiver) It's Sweeney.
78) 14) dialog: You fuckers are going to get me booted! (into the receiver) Dr. Sweeney? I'm sorry, man.
78) 16) dialog: It'll be there, alright!?
78) 18) dialog: Let's go.
81) 0) text: He watches the house. Suddenly, Danny, Chris and Jason skate up to the residence and follow Seth inside.
84) 0) text: Chris, Danny and Jason pound beer and huck DARTS at a picture of O.J. SIMPSON. Seth violently slams past the kids. Derek walks in.
84) 4) dialog: Take it easy, dude! Seth then grabs Danny hard by the shirt.  Chris and Jason stare at him like he's gonna hurt him.
84) 5) dialog: What're you doin'?!
86) 2) dialog: I gotta do that paper though.
86) 4) dialog: My teacher cried to Sweeney, man. have to do another one. Cammeron laughs.
86) 11) dialog: I had to check it out, Der.  Come on. CAMMERON
86) 13) text: There's a redhead out there looking for you. Go talk to her. Danny gets up and walks out. Cam looks to Stacey.
87) 3) dialog: I like you, too.
91) 0) text: He looks over to the kegs. Through the sliding glass window, he sees Seth taking a "tap hit" off the keg. All the guys in the b.g., INCLUDING DANNY, count and cheer. Seth sucks the tap while skins count in the background. Derek walks out and watches Dan pump the keg.
91) 5) dialog: (frightened) Seth, man!? Come on! Seth puts the gun directly to Derek's cool head.
93) 0) text: Derek tosses the gun over the fence and looks to Danny.
94) 0) text: Danny passes them on his board as he conguers the cracks in the street at an incredible rate. He turns the tight corner and cuts off a turning car. The man yells. Danny spots his brother walking twenty yards up on the left-hand side of the street and crosses. Approaching quickly, he skates faster and faster as Derek nears a BUS STOP BENCH. Hearing the board, Derek turns to face the clickity clack behind him. DANNY LUNGES FROM HIS BOARD AND TACKLES DEREE. The two crash into the street as a car henks from the inside lane, barely missing the duo. Danny punches his brozher in the face.
94) 1) dialog: Fucking asshole! Derek gets on top of his brother, spots a speeding car heading right for him, and pulls his brother to the sidewalk. Just in time.
94) 3) dialog: What are you thinking!? Friends don't fight friends, Der! They stick together!
94) 5) dialog: What the hell are they then?! Derek picks his brother up and sits him on a BUS STOP BENCH.
94) 7) dialog: I don't wanna relax!  You looked like an idiot back there! Derek stares and sits next to him. Cars and homeless randomly pass in the b.g. Danny looks at his brother, transfixed in thought.
94) 8) dialog: What's happened to you, Derek? TIGHT ON DEREK. He looks into his brother's eyes.
110) 0) text: Danny tearfully stares at his brother, speechless.
111) 0) text: Danny skates up to the front gate and looks at them.
112) 0) text: She snores on the couch. The clock on the wall reads eleven as the boys ENTER. Danny goes to his room whale Derek heads for the girls in the living room. He genzly shakes Davina.
117) 0) text: He sits back down at the computer and looks back at his brother as he dries off. Danny thinks to himself and types a sentence.
118) 16) dialog: Don't we have to have "affirmative action?"
118) 42) dialog: Coach's sick.
118) 44) dialog: Sure.
118) 48) dialog: (smiling) Okay. Dennis smiles, reaches over with a fatherly hand, and messes up his hair.
122) 0) text: It reads 2:36 a.m. Shiftless Derek lifts a sleeping Danny off the computer keyboard. He helps him into the bottom bunk, tucks him in, and watches him snooze.
128) 0) text: Danny stares at himself in the mirror and tries to find some stubble on his chin.
129) 0) text: He stares into the mirror in a coat and pants.  Danny rushes to get his things together.
129) 1) dialog: I'm printing it up and we're out of here.
131) 0) text: Derek plunks a quarter down the slot and removes a copy of the LA TIMES. Danny continues to skate ahead of him. Sensing danger, Derek looks back behind him. With no one in sight, he walks into a doughnut shop.
132) 0) text: He takes a guarded look outside. Everything seems normal. A bus drives by. A group of Mexican laborers, dressed for work and smiling, walk past in the other direction. Inside, a black woman orders a dozen doughnuts from a short Korean.man behind the counter. Her young daughter grabs her leg. Danny sits down and reads Derek's paper.
132) 2) dialog: Maple bar and a...large milk. Derek smiles at the little girl while he waits. She wanders from her mother's leg and over towards Derek.
133) 2) dialog: How?
133) 4) dialog: Yeah. The two stare at each other as THE BELL RINGS.
133) 5) dialog: I gotta turn that paper in. Danny hops the fence with his backpack on. He looks back at Derek. Cops #1 and #2 sit in their car in the b.g.
133) 7) dialog: What?
134) 0) text: Students rush past them. Danny kisses Lizzy and she hurries off to class. He pushes on the men's room door.
135) 0) text: Danny enters, sets his "AMERICAN HISTORY X" PAPER on top of the sink, and takes an unearthly long piss at the urinal. He finishes, flushes and turns. Standing there is LITTLE HENRY. A GUN IN HIS HAND.
135) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ.  What are you doing, Henry?
135) 3) dialog: Come on, man, no.  You don't want to do this. Come on.  Henry? THE DOOR SMACKS OPEN and Danny moves to grab the pistol. It discharges and a bullet rockets into Danny's chest. He SLAMS back into the URINAL and gasps for air. The force of the pistol knocks Henry to the ground. The two kids who just entered bolt for help. Danny slides to the tile, leaving a bloody trail. The two stare at each other - EYE TO EYE. THE BLOODSTAINED PAPER falls into the DAMP SINK. Danny inhales like glass is raking his lungs.
139) 0) text: A still of the two immediately after the murder. We move in tighter and tighter until we get close on Danny.