8) 0) text: It hangs above a serious computer and next to a giant, tome-filled bookshelf. The moans, meanwhile, approach orgasm. TIGHT ON DEREK VINYARD. The young man has a shaved head, a thick goatee, and a well-crafted SWASTIKA on his left tit. On top of Derek in the bed is his barely-of-age girlfriend, STACEY. The covers are completely off and a BLACK ROSE is tattooed across her right shoulder blade. Danny watches her fuck, only for a second.
8) 2) dialog: (controlled) What? Stacey stops and looks over.  Frustated, she rolls off Derek and onto her side.
8) 5) dialog: How long has he been out there?
8) 8) dialog: Nobody. Relax. Stacey sits up quickly from the bed as Derek pulls on his black combat boots.
8) 10) dialog: Not right now, honey. (to Danny) How many?
8) 12) dialog: Is he strapped?
8) 14) dialog: Does he have a fucking gun, Dan?
8) 16) dialog: Is there a driver? Danny nods his head yes.
8) 17) dialog: Okay.  Stay the luck here.
9) 0) text: TIGHT ON DEREK. He walks down the hall. The intensity on his face is alarming. He stops at the front door and grabs the doorknob. Before he turns the knob, he peeks through the eye hole on the door.
11) 0) text: The guard has his back to him. Derek goes.
12) 0) text: Derek throws open the door and the black man standing guard wheels and fires a shot into the front door. Derek buries two bullets in his chest.
12) 1) dialog: Fuck you! The force propels the man six feet backwards.
13) 0) text: Stunned by the gunfire, he charges back to the getaway Tranny. Derek buries a bullet into his shoulder. The car splits and Derek fires a shot through the side window. He then walks towards the car and fires shot after shot at it until it disappears.
15) 0) text: From the rain-soaked window he watches Derek face his wounded prey - crawling on the ground. Sirens sound from a distance.
18) 0) text: A YOUNGER DEREK, short haired with no tattoos, stands next to the reporter. Derek wears a Venice High Basketball jersey drenched in sweat. Towel around neck, he thinks to himself as the man speaks into the camera.
18) 2) dialog: How do I feel? How do you think I feel? It's typical.
18) 4) dialog: Well...look at our country. It's a haven for criminals. Black...brown... yellow...whatever.
18) 6) dialog: Every problem in this country is "race" related. Every problem, not just crime. These problems are rooted in the black community, the Hispanic community, the Asian...every non- Protestant group in our society. (then) Look at the shit. Immigration... welfare...AIDS...they're all the problems of the non-white. Look at the statistics.
18) 8) dialog: (interrupting) No no no! Don't say poverty right now cause that's not it. They're not a product of our fucking environment either! Minorities don't give two shits about this country! They're here to exploit...not embrace.
18) 10) dialog: Millions of white Europeans came to this country and flourished within a generation! A generation! So what the fuck is wrong with these people?!
18) 12) dialog: Because my father was doing his fucking job! Saving a nigger neighborhood he didn't give two shits about! And he got killed by some drug dealer who still collects a fucking welfare check. Derek looks at the man and walks over to HIS MOTHER DORIS, who smokes a cigarette. The camera follows him as he puts his arm around her and escorts her back inside their Venice Beach residence. The camera pans back to the reporter who just stands there, speechless.
20) 0) text: PEACEFUL DAY by PENNYWISE blasts from Danny's walkman headphones. The day is cloudy and overcast but that doesn't bother the local SURFERS. A twosome paddles north to get a better break on the next set. Danny watches as he skateboards down the strand. His appearance is changed, now resembling a younger, softer Derek. Head shaved to a quarter of an inch, he wears a PLAIN WHITE BACKPACK with punk/white power bands scribbled all over it. Your standard Sex Pistols, DK, Germs, G.B.M., and Adolescents in black. Cro-Magnons and Skrewdriver off to the left. In red is the largest name, DICK NIXON.
31) 0) text: DANNY'S POV. The teams are a mixed assemblage of 3 blacks and 2 Latinos and 3 whites and 1 black and 1 Latino. SKINHEAD FAT SETH RYAN, early twenties, and his two skinhead buddies, can't compete against the better, predominantly black team. One of the skins, CURTIS, has a shaved head, a light beard and an M-16 RIFLE tattooed on his head. JEROME and LITTLE HENRY sit together to the right of the court and monitor closely. Danny looks over his left shoulder and sees Derek and Stacey sit with CAMMERON. Cowboy hat and BRONCO JERSEY, they sit and converse on the bleachers.
31) 11) dialog: You can't take a shit, Seth.  Shut up. Derek shoots a look to Cameron, comes to a decision, and stands. He shouts for all to hear.
31) 12) dialog: I got a bet. Lawrence stares at him, sensing something harder.
31) 13) dialog: I come in, same score now, first one to eleven. Black boys against the white boys. Lawrence looks back to his boys in disbelief.
31) 15) dialog: No money...for the court. We win, you grab your shit and find a different place to run. Not just today... forever. You win, and we don't come back. No hitching, no fighting, here in front of everyone. Six-eight, our ball. The action around the court gets very still.  Finally, Lawrence nods.
32) 10) dialog: (threateningly) I'll go if you want to.
32) 12) dialog: If you wanna go...I'm ready.  Don't be throwin' fuckin' elbows.
32) 16) dialog: I know what he's gonna do.
32) 18) dialog: Not on point game you don't.
32) 20) dialog: Not on point, honey. He turns back to the court and walks over to Lawrence. He stands in front of him and checks the ball in.
32) 21) dialog: Tens! Lawrence takes the ball, passes it to the wing, and quickly gets it back. Lawrence dribbles up top, makes a marvelous 180 spin with the ball, and pulls up for a ten foot jumper. Derek reads it perfectly and REJECTS IT. Lawrence trips to the ground, Derek grabs the ball off the fast break and DUNKS IT.
33) 0) text: Derek, Danny, Seth, Cammeron, Curtis and Stacey stand outside the Bronco. The doors are all open and the stereo softly plays music in the b.g. Derek dries off. DANNY'S POV. Derek throws a shirt and tie over his sweaty, tattooed body. Danny watches the tats disappear, and it's almost like his brother is normal. A name tag reads LA COPY CENTER - DEREK - ASSISTANT MANAGER. Derek looks at JEROME and LAWRENCE from afar. Danny notices the two men stare at his brother, ready to kill. Derek meets their gaze.
39) 0) text: DAVINA VINYARD, in a UCLA T-SHIRT and panties, cries on the couch as she hugs a LONG HAIRED Derek. DORIS sobs as she lays under a pink blanket, burdened by the flu. Shirtless Derek grabs Doris' hand and leans over to kiss her.
39) 1) dialog: It's gonna be fine.
40) 2) dialog: I got it. Danny looks to his mother.
41) 1) dialog: Unhuh. Unhuh. Did you expel him?
42) 6) text: (smiling) Where are you, you free motherfucker? Seth moves down the hall and bangs on Derek's door. SETH
44) 1) dialog: All right. Thanks.  I'll take care of it. Yeah. DANNY'S POV. He opens the door and sees Derek on the phone with his back to him. Above Derek is Danny's surfboard, hanging on ropes hooked to the ceiling. Blue jeans, black boots and slicked back hair, Derek holds his hand up and motions for Dan to be quiet. The sleeves of tats covering his arms, shoulders and back (D.O.C.) define the hatred that has engulfed his past.
44) 2) dialog: (into the receiver) Okay.  Okay. I'm what?  What channel? He covers the receiver, turns on a ten inch TV, and flips to the correct channel.
44) 3) dialog: (without turning) What is it, Danny?
44) 5) dialog: I know. Derek leans over the computer to check it out.
45) 0) text: He looks through the blinds and stares at the UNMARKED CAR. Danny throws his backpack on the bed and exits. TIGHT ON DEREK. He listens to the television.
47) 0) text: He bangs on Derek's door once more, pissed that Derek didn't open it earlier. He heads for the living room.
49) 0) text: Danny walks' towards Derek and they smile and hug.  Davin and Doris soon join in. Davina
51) 0) text: He looks through the fridge but finds nothing. He closes the door and looks at the family pictures on the door. A FAMILY SHOT of Doris, Derek, Danny, Davina, and DENNIS VINYARD in front of church. Seth appreciates Dennis in a coat and tie. Below that, a picture of a dirty and rugged Dennis and a young Davina, wearing her father's FIRE HELMET. Danny with Doris.
52) 8) text: Oh yeah? You ask Derek?
53) 26) dialog: Gimme just one second, okay? Seth nods as Derek stares at Danny.
53) 27) dialog: Did you do a book report on Mein Kampf?
53) 29) dialog: (ready to kill) What's it to me?
53) 31) dialog: None of your fucking business how I found out.
53) 33) dialog: That figures.  You're more stupid than he is.
53) 35) dialog: Why'd you do it, Dan?  Because of Seth.
53) 37) dialog: Cammeron?
53) 39) dialog: Oh, you do everything you feel like? I feel like smacking you in the fucking head. Would you mind if I did a report on that?
53) 41) dialog: Get a clue, you dumbshit. Hey! Look at me! Don't be a dickhead. Sweeney cares about you.
53) 44) dialog: Yep. So wise up.  You hear me?
54) 0) text: She coughs incessantly. Derek sits down beside her, hands her the water, and caresses her head. The others stare at her in the background.
54) 2) dialog: You'll be okay. You want me to pick you up any more medicine? Together they look at all the bottles and laugh.  Derek checks out the couch.
54) 3) dialog: Jesus. I can't believe I ever let it get this bad.
54) 16) dialog: I knew.
54) 19) text: Yes he is. Open your eyes. Danny looks at Derek and smiles. DANNY
54) 21) dialog: Not at Cammeron's you won't see me.
54) 26) dialog: I'll see ya.
54) 28) dialog: I will. Derek follows Seth out the SIDE WINDOW and goes down the alley.
56) 0) text: Derek looks at the oblivious cops and drops into the passenger's seat. Seth starts the engine and drives away. As the truck disappears, we pick up on a WHITE SOUPED UP JEEP CHEROKEE turning the corner. Tinted windows, it cruises past the apartment complex.
59) 24) dialog: Are you going in or not?
59) 27) dialog: (referring to his mouth) All right. You can turn it off now. (back to Stacey) You're right on his tail, right?
59) 29) dialog: Just be ready, okay? She nods and Derek gets out. The group is silent.
59) 30) dialog: Come on. Let's pull it together. Hey! We're not playing fuckin' games here. Let's go. The group snaps to attention behind him as Seth toys with the camera. CURTIS from earlier takes a hit off a joint and makes Derek wait for him. Derek walks over to the crazy man, takes the joint, and throws it onto the ground.
59) 31) dialog: What the fuck, Curtis? You a fuckin' nigger now? Want some crack?
59) 33) dialog: (grabbing his neck) Pull your fucking stupid head out of your ass then.
59) 35) dialog: (to the group) We're here tonight cause we got immigration problems spiralling out of control. We got Asians up the ass... taking over our land with their fucking Yen. Mexicans...flocking into this place like some giant fucking Pinata was shattered. The group busts up. Cammeron watches Derek and smiles.
59) 36) dialog: Don't laugh. It's tragic. On the Statue of Liberty it says "Give me your tired, your hungry, your poor, your huddled masses...yearning to be free." It does not say give me your shiftless, your greedy, your indolent, your criminals, looking for a free ticket. The group agrees.
59) 37) dialog: We're here tonight to show the government how we feel about minorities taking over our country. The treat us like criminals while they reward them with jobs and fucking welfare checks. And it's only getting worse.
59) 39) dialog: Are you ready to do something about it?                                   
59) 41) dialog: Okay then. AND THEY'RE MOVING.  In formation.  Fast.  Directly at us.    Angry. As the camera swings into line, TRACKING WITH THEM, Derek reaches into his back pocket and pulls out a STOCKING MASK. He pulls it down over his face. The foot soldiers follow him in unison.
59) 42) dialog: (back to his troops) Remember. No names. Danny?  Stay right on my fucking ass, man. And now they're getting ahead of us. As the CAMERA SWINGS behind them, we see their destination.
60) 0) text: They storm the front entrance. The few people who are in there scream and scramble for cover. Derek grabs a Mexican boxboy and throws him to the ground. Seth catches up to another and gets him on the ground.
60) 2) dialog: (referring to the border) Can't hide from me, motherfucker! He kicks the man and looks around the market for more. Danny watches in awe. Curtis breaks a giant jelly jar over a head. Another skin throws a BLACK CHECKER into a shelf of POTATO CHIPS. DEREK'S POV. He looks up at one of the aisle mirrors.
61) 2) dialog: Let's go! We're outta here!  Move ! From just inside the door we see skins get in their last blows and pour out the aisles and pass us through the doors. TIRES SCREECH. THE CAMERA HOLDS ON THE WRECKAGE OF THE MARKET AND THE MOTIONLESS BODIES ON THE FLOOR;
64) 0) text: As the rain falls, we see the Vinyards sitting at the table. Stacey and Murray Rosenberg, Doris' then boyfriend who we met earlier, round out the clan. Stacey sits close to Derek.
65) 0) text: Doris looks wonderful while Murray, mustache and beard, shakes his head at Derek as he chatters away.
65) 3) dialog: Fuck you, Murray. White men don't cruise the streets of LA killing each other.
65) 5) dialog: You're so fucking lame. A couple of cranks in cabins in Montana is not statistically significant. (then) White Americans don't take PCP and drink and drive a hundred and twenty fuckin' miles an hour! We pull over and trust the law.
65) 8) dialog: That's not what I said, Davina. (to the group) Three different times Rodney King comes at those officers with the intent to hurt them. To hurt them! Three times! But since we see it on some fucking tampered videotape...the bleeding heart media makes you believe that he only comes at them once. All we see is Powell, Koon and Wind hittin' him and-- (busting up laughing) Briseno kickin' him in the back of the fuckin' skull with his boot. Still, the dumbfuck's tryin' to get up and kick their asses! That's how stupid that motherfucker is. Those cops used textbook-solid tactics and if Dad were still here he'd say the same damn thing.
65) 10) dialog: Yes it does. Yes it does. They're cops! They are taught to use that stick and they did.
65) 12) dialog: No. Appropriately. Appropriately! Cops have been granted a certain amount of authority by society and white people, unfortunately, are the only ones who acknowledge it. I acknowledge a cop's authority. Davina starts to laugh.
65) 14) dialog: That's two errors in one sentence, Davina, so take a fucking course in semantics. First error--I didn't say I respect the law. I said I respect a cop's authority. Second error...I'm not a member of the fuckin' low rent, disorganized, redneck Ku Klux Klan.. Pull your head outta your ass and look at who you're dealing with.
65) 16) dialog: Murray, stay out of it. You're not a member of this family and you never will be.
65) 19) dialog: Give thanks to the food on the table and then believe it, Doris.
65) 21) dialog: True enough. The point is...if Dan was walking across the street that night and Rodney King plowed into him--
65) 23) dialog: (fiercely continuing) --while hopped up on Chivas and P.C.P...you'd consider the force those cops used to be justified!
65) 25) dialog: If he did though! If that shithead killed Dan...you would have believed the beating to be justified and so would everybody else. But since he didn't hit anyone...it's "Hands Across America" for the son of a bitch. Derek takes a bite of food.
65) 26) dialog: We are still so hung up in this notion that we have an obligation to help the struggling black man and all you contribute to it! Lincoln freed the slaves a hundred and thirty years ago! Get off your fucking asses!
65) 33) dialog: Don't interrupt, Davina.
65) 35) dialog: The hell you didn't. I was listening to Stacey and then I heard you. That's called interrupting. Wait 'til she's finished and you can be excused.
65) 37) dialog: You don't know when to shut up.
65) 40) dialog: I'm trying to teach my sister some respect, Murray.
65) 42) dialog: (to Murray) See! See the way she speaks! Tell me you're gonna shut up and I'll let go.
65) 44) dialog: I will when I hear an answer, Doris. Are you going to shut up, Davina? TIGHT ON DANNY. He gets up quickly and tries to pull Derek off. Derek turns and cracks Danny in the face with a BACKHAND, dropping him back into a cabinet. A crystal vase with flowers crashes to the floor, just missing Danny's head.
65) 46) dialog: (to Danny) What are  you thinkin'?
65) 48) dialog: It's a real easy question, Davina. A simple yes or no will suffice. Tell me what I want to hear and I'll let go.
65) 51) dialog: Stay back, both of you!  It's her bed, she's gotta lie in it. (grabbing harder) You can cry all you want, Davina. I'm not gonna let go until you tell me what I wanna hear! Are you going to shut that fat fucking mouth of your's and let my girlfriend tell her opinion? Are you?! DORIS grabs him from behind and he aggressively turns on her. Derek curls his tongue behind his teeth and raises his arm like he's actually going to smack his mother. She grabs his arm though, forcefully.
65) 54) dialog: You okay? Danny nods.
67) 0) text: Derek smiles at Murray in wonder and disbelief.
67) 1) dialog: Would you care to repeat that, Murray? I'm not sure I got all of it.
67) 3) dialog: (smiling back) Was that it?    Thanks Murray.
67) 7) dialog: Or what, Murray!? What're you gonna do? Give her fucking detention?
67) 10) dialog: Out of respect for my mother...I'm gonna let that comment go, Murray. I won't bash your face in. But let me tell you somethin'...man to fuckin' mouse here. Normally in a situation like this I'd take my steel-tips to your fucking Jewish temple. That goes for anyone making comments about me, my family, Stacey, whomever. You know and I know that I could crush that puny fuckin' skull of yours in a second. So it's beyond me why you would say something like that without being able to back it up? What's worse, you sack of shit, is you calling the woman I love a liar.
67) 12) dialog: Weasel like that again Murray...you fuckin' ponytail, pussy, bagel eating, teacher, faggot...and I'll cut your shylock nose off. Make no mistake. Murray silently walks out of the house. Derek claps and sings the Jewish celebration song "Hava Naghila." Stacey joins in and the two laugh. Doris goes after Murray.
69) 0) text: DANNY'S POV -- He watches Doris stand alone, her face in her hands, crying. BEHIND Dan a humiliated Davina storms towards Derek, now wielding a BASEBALL BAT.
69) 3) dialog: Davina!  It's okay!  Calm down.   Please.
69) 5) dialog: (whispering in her ear) I'm sorry, Davina. Come on.
69) 7) dialog: Come on, Davina.  I'm sorry. I lost control. Please.  I screwed up. Derek holds tight until the crying girl settles down. He's gripped as desperately by remorse as he was moments before by rage. He kisses and repeats his apology over and over. Finally, she succumbs and puts her arms around him. Derek looks to Danny.
69) 8) dialog: (hugging Davina) You guys are my life and I'd do anything for you. You do know that?
69) 10) dialog: I swear to God I would, Davina. Please.
69) 12) dialog: Davina? Please forgive me.  Please. I'm sorry.
69) 14) dialog: I know it did. And I'm sorry. I just really hate that guy.
69) 17) dialog: Morn, I'm sorry but that guy's--
70) 0) text: He rises from the computer and PEEKS out the blinds. The two cops supposedly watching Derek are now eating in the car. One of them looks up. Danny flips the blinds down. From the other room, he hears Doris break into another coughing fit.
71) 19) text: He grabs a flannel and throws it on. He sees a cigar box that rests on the right shelf. He grabs it and looks inside. The rolled-up LA TIMES clipping reads "Prominent Skinhead Charged with Murder." The accompanying picture of Derek is near evil. TIGHT ON HIS EYES.  Danny stares at the clipping.  ON THE TRACK--GUNSHOTS.
72) 0) text: He watches Derek fire his gun at the TRANS AM as it blazes down the street. He walks over to the wounded man on the lawn and points his weapon.
73) 0) text: He hovers over big Lawrence. Gun pointed steadily, he kicks him in the stomach over and over -- tongue pressed against teeth.  Hot air flows from Derek's breath and into the cold.
73) 1) dialog: You fucked with the wrong bull.
73) 4) dialog: Fuck that. The cops will let him walk. Derek grabs Lawrence and drags him to the CURB.
73) 5) dialog: Ever shoot at firemen, you fuck? (then) Open your mouth and put it on the corner of the curb. I'm gonna teach you a little lesson.
73) 7) dialog: Get in the fucking house, Dan! Danny doesn't move.
73) 9) dialog: My dad gave me that truck, motherfucker. Couldn't leave well enough alone. Put your mouth on the corner of the fucking curb! Derek cocks his piece and Lawrence complies--his teeth now scraping concrete. SIRENS sound from afar. Danny walks out into the middle of the street to check it out.
73) 12) dialog: What the fuck did you say?  You just threaten me? Hunh? Hunh? Hunh?
74) 0) text: FIVE PATROL CARS, a FIRE TRUCK, TWO AMBULANCES, and a throng of terrified NEIGHBORS strangle the front of the house. Clothed and handcuffed, Derek is escorted from the house by two uniformed cops and RASMUSSEN.
75) 1) text: (continuing) Over the next year we'd lose our house and the rest of our father's pension to attorney fees. My mother...much to all of our surprise...stood by Derek. Danny's interrupted by a LOUD KNOCK on the front door.
80) 0) text: They sit in the car as a band JAMS from Cam's house. Shiftless Seth throws on a black CRO-MAG t-shirt and tosses his work shirt in the back. He wolfs down a burger as Derek rolls his foot on a basketball on the floor.
80) 2) dialog: I'm not asking you.
80) 4) dialog: Sweeney's not gonna do anything, Seth. He helped get me released. Seth is a pathetic vision to Derek.  Derek stares at him for several moments.
80) 5) dialog: I'm out, Seth. Seth wipes his mouth and casually meets eyes with Derek.
80) 6) dialog: I'm only going to tell you this once so pay attention. I'm done, Seth. I don't want you to come near me...near Dan...I want you to leave my family alone. Seth stares and laughs at Derek.
80) 8) dialog: I'm dead fucking serious. No more phone calls, no more visits, no more nothing. Seth doesn't know what to say.
80) 9) dialog: We don't exist as far as you're concerned, Seth.
80) 11) dialog: Believe it, Seth. Believe it. I spent over three years away from my family. My family, Seth. For what?
81) 1) dialog: What the--? Shit.
84) 0) text: Chris, Danny and Jason pound beer and huck DARTS at a picture of O.J. SIMPSON. Seth violently slams past the kids. Derek walks in.
84) 6) dialog: Your brother's a piece of shit! Seth sees Derek enter and he releases Danny. Seth mixes into the party and SLAM DANCES into ten other skins. Danny follows Seth towards the keg. DEREK'S POV. He analyzes the crowd.  Quickly, Chris recognizes him.
84) 12) dialog: Do me a favor.  Grab Danny and get outta here! The two boys look at each other and LAUGH.
84) 14) dialog: You what!? Chris looks at Derek like he's dead.
84) 15) dialog: You don't have any homework?!
85) 0) text: TIGHT ON CAMMERON ALEXANDEr. The older, white trash skin furiously bangs his sticks on the drums to the song. Cam's hair is still long but now he's got a swastika between his eyebrows like CHARLES MANSON. He wears TROY AIKMAN'S DALLAS JERSEY and a BLACK COWBOY HAT. DEREK'S POV. He pans right to check out the crowd. A man pisses out the window. Then to a distinct woman. IT'S STACEY. Her head is now completely SHAVED but she's still gorgeous as ever. Derek indulges her for a few moments until he turns and walks away.  He bumps into a girl and knocks her drink.
85) 2) dialog: Sorry. She smiles at Derek as the SONG comes to a close.
85) 4) dialog: Cassandra.
85) 9) dialog: The only person I've seen is Seth.
86) 10) dialog: What did I tell you, Dan?
86) 12) text: He'll be all right, Derek. Derek shoots Cameron a look and tries another way. DEREK
86) 17) dialog: It wasn't too bad.
86) 21) dialog: I agree.
86) 23) dialog: The Mexicans.
86) 25) dialog: They were really organized. I'll tell ya...it was impressive. They--
88) 0) text: Derek and Cam converse over the coffee table.
88) 2) dialog: Be careful with me, Cam. You don't know what's going on with me.
88) 5) dialog: I'm family, Cam? Is that why you came to see me all the time up there? Cameron smiles but doesn't know what to say.
88) 7) dialog: Fuck you, Cameron. You're a fucking chicken hawk...praying on kids.
88) 9) dialog: No. You fucking use them.  To filter your insanity. Cameron smiles in disbelief.
88) 11) dialog: He's not your brother, Cameron.  All right? He's my brother. (after a beat) You hear me, Cam?
89) 0) text: Derek takes Cam by his long hair and SMASHES his face into the mirror. IT SHATTERS. Derek follows with a solid punch to the kidney.
89) 1) dialog: You gonna listen?!
89) 3) dialog: Shut the fuck up! You're gonna stay away! That's what you're gonna do! Derek rinses Cam's bloody face off by PLUNGING it into the toilet. He pulls him back up and they face the mirror.
89) 4) dialog: It's over. Derek stares at him in silence. CAMMERON RETALIATES. He forcefully backs Derek into the wall behind him. He throws two punches at Derek -- one in the stomach and one to the face that opens his lip. He misses on his third and Derek gets the upper hand. BACK TO THE MIRROR. Derek prepares to crash Cam's face into the shards of glass one last time. The final blow. As Cam screams, Derek launches him forward then pulls back at the very last moment. Derek, noticing Cam's condition, throws him into the tub. Derek throws him a towel, grabs one for his lip, and exits.
90) 0) text: They SALUTE the band and chant as they tune up for another set. The singer inquires about his DRUMMER. Derek pushes his way through and spills a few beers cn the way. Cassandra smokes a cigarette with a few random skins as Derek passes by.
90) 2) dialog: What?!
90) 5) dialog: I haven't seen him. Cassandra looks at him curiously and then focuses her attention to the bedroom.
90) 7) dialog: (pointing his finger) Stay away from me.
90) 9) dialog: I'm serious, Stacey!  Stay away! She grabs and pulls on his shirt.
90) 11) dialog: I don't care. Stacey looks deep into his eyes and can feel it.
91) 0) text: He looks over to the kegs. Through the sliding glass window, he sees Seth taking a "tap hit" off the keg. All the guys in the b.g., INCLUDING DANNY, count and cheer. Seth sucks the tap while skins count in the background. Derek walks out and watches Dan pump the keg.
91) 3) dialog: Let him go, Seth. Seth sees blood on Derek's face and shirt and takes a moment to identify the source. He draws his 9mm Baretta and points it at Derek's head from four feet away.
92) 0) text: They walk in and look at Cammeron, bleeding in the tub. Curtis pulls the METAL TOWEL HOLDER off the wall and storms after Derek. Cassandra laughs.
93) 0) text: Derek tosses the gun over the fence and looks to Danny.
93) 1) dialog: Come with me right now. He looks at his brother. He then sees Curtis and three other skins come through the house. Derek stares at Dan and hauls ass down the back alley. DANNY'S POV. Curtis arrives and tends to Seth rather than go after Derek. Confused and mildly embarrassed, Danny bolts back into the house to get his board.
94) 0) text: Danny passes them on his board as he conguers the cracks in the street at an incredible rate. He turns the tight corner and cuts off a turning car. The man yells. Danny spots his brother walking twenty yards up on the left-hand side of the street and crosses. Approaching quickly, he skates faster and faster as Derek nears a BUS STOP BENCH. Hearing the board, Derek turns to face the clickity clack behind him. DANNY LUNGES FROM HIS BOARD AND TACKLES DEREE. The two crash into the street as a car henks from the inside lane, barely missing the duo. Danny punches his brozher in the face.
94) 2) dialog: What the luck are you thinking!?
94) 4) dialog: They're not friends, Dan!
94) 6) dialog: Just sit there and relax for a second.
96) 0) text: Derek quietly folds towels with a young, chattering black man.
97) 0) text: DEREK'S POV. He sees Stevie McCormick conferring with a Mexican gang leader.  The Mexican hands Stevie a joint through a handshake. Derek turns and talks to two white guys who seem impressed. Stevie walks up and takes a hit off his joint.
97) 2) dialog: His boy? No, I don't think so, man. I'm not anybody's boy.
97) 4) dialog: Nooo, I don't know what you mean. Derek and Stevie lock eyes.  Stevie sneaks a hit and offers Derek.
97) 6) dialog: Nooo...how about you getting that fucking shit awax from me? Stevie looks at him, ready to kill. The other two can't believe Derek's gall. Stevie shrugs.
97) 8) dialog: Excuse me? Do I have a problem? No, I don't have a problem. Do you have a problem?
97) 10) dialog: Who the fuck are you? Derek turns back to the other two and they are already walking away. Derek looks at the two and back to Stevie. Stevie sits with HUGE ARYAN and says something to him.
98) 2) text: Oh shit! Sorry, man! Forgot who the luck I was talking to there for a second. (after a beat) Let me ask you this one though cause I don't know the white man's take. You like eating pussy? Derek can't help but smile.
98) 4) dialog: And you don't!?  Shut up.
99) 0) text: A group of White Aryans are gathered in the yard. Derek plays basketball with a mixed assemblage, including Lamont. Derek continues to look over every now and then at Stevie and his group. Stevie suddenly smiles towards Derek. Not understanding what it's all about, Derek turns 'around. Standing there is HUGE ARYAN and his STOCKY FRIEND.. They proceed to beat the shit out of Derek right in the middle of the court. The players circle as Derek rolls on the ground. He gets bombarded with kicks and punches, a few even coming from randoms on the court.
100) 0) text: A beat-up Derek quietly folds. Lamont stays quiet.  He glances over but knows Derek isn't in the mood.
101) 0) text: Derek looks over to the white table and they something amongst themselves. They break into laughter. Derek thinks about eating somewhere else, but there's nowhere to go. He walks BACK over to the white table and looks at STEVIE.
102) 0) text: Stevie walks by himself and smokes a cigarette. He turns a corner and standing there waiting for him is DEREK. Derek stares him down.
102) 2) dialog: I'm right here, man. You wanna have it out with me, let's go. Just me and you though.
102) 4) dialog: Stupid?! You have anything else to say, you little pussy! Hunh?!
103) 0) text: Derek puts his head down under the warm water and closes his eyes. From out of nowhere, he is slammed out of frame to the floor. HUGE ARYAN'and his STOCKY BUDDY from earlier proceed to beat him. Bathers leave and after a few moments, Stevie's boys drop their TOWELS.
104) 0) text: Derek lies on the tile floor, bloody and beaten.
105) 0) text: Derek lies on a table, silent.  A Mexican DOCTOR examines his ass.
106) 0) text: Sweeney and Derek in mid-conversation.  A small lamp shines off their faces.
106) 2) dialog: They killed my father, Sweeney.
106) 4) dialog: Get me outta here, Sweeney. Sweeney looks at the young man, heavily weighing his options. The two lock eyes.
107) 0) text: Derek reads by himself on the cement stairs by himself. A shadow approaches from behind.
107) 2) dialog: All right. (after a beat) How are you?
107) 5) dialog: I'm not going to do anything.
108) 0) text: He looks through the window at his mother. Together they pick up the phone. TIGHT ON DEREK. He can feel her pain more than he can feel his own. He forces a smile.
108) 1) dialog: Hey Mom.
108) 4) dialog: How are the others?
108) 6) dialog: What about Dan, Mom?  How's he?
109) 0) text: Derek gives back his prison garb. LAMONT APPEARS. Through the partition we see Derek say goodbye to Lamont: and walk out to his awaiting family.
110) 1) dialog: (after a long beat) You're my best friend, Danny. You're my only friend. And I just want what's best for you. The two rub heads as DEREK puts his arm around him. Danny squeezes back and Derek kisses him on the top of the head.
111) 3) dialog: Pretty shitty assignment you got.
111) 5) dialog: Oh yeah? What the hell do you know- about my father? The two men sit there speechless as Derek walks over to an awaiting Danny.
112) 0) text: She snores on the couch. The clock on the wall reads eleven as the boys ENTER. Danny goes to his room whale Derek heads for the girls in the living room. He genzly shakes Davina.
112) 1) dialog: Hey. Wake up. She looks at him, delirious.
112) 3) dialog: Time for bed.
113) 0) text: Dan types at the computer as Derek escorts Davina and Doris to bed.
114) 2) dialog: Goodnight, Mom.
115) 0) text: Derek stares at himself in the mirror. A million thoughts race through his head as computer keys echo in the b.g. He looks at all of his tattoos and SCARS. TIGHT ON HIS UPPER BODY. He stares at the SWASTIKA on his tit. He puts his hand over the tattoo to see what he looks like without it. He turns on the shower and gets inside.
118) 6) dialog: Good morning. Doris sets food in front of her two sons and they both go to work. Young Danny eats quietly.
118) 9) dialog: What for?
118) 23) dialog: Sweeney actually had a pretty good take on affirmative action the other day.
118) 31) dialog: (nodding) Yeah.
118) 34) dialog: I like that color, Davina.
118) 46) dialog: Yep.
122) 0) text: It reads 2:36 a.m. Shiftless Derek lifts a sleeping Danny off the computer keyboard. He helps him into the bottom bunk, tucks him in, and watches him snooze.
122) 1) dialog: (softly) Did you "save" it? An asleep Danny nods. Derek slowly walks back into the bathroom to grab his towel off the floor. He looks at his SWASTIKA TAT in the mirror and sighs to himself. He turns off the light and exits.
129) 2) dialog: Hurry up. Derek walks out into the living room.
130) 0) text: She's on the couch watching cartoons. She takes a jar of Vick's Vapor Rub and puts some on her chest. Derek walks in the room, bends over and kisses her on the forehead. Davina sits on the couch and writes. Derek just smiles.
130) 2) dialog: I gotta see my parole officer.
130) 4) dialog: I've got everything on disk. Davina smiles and walks into the back bedroom.  Doris looks at Derek.
130) 6) dialog: We're getting out of here soon.  Is that okay with you?
130) 8) dialog: Yes. He sits beside his mother and enjoys the moment.  He thinks to himself.
130) 10) dialog: You think you'll be able to forgive me? Someday maybe?
130) 12) dialog: Look at me. I'm such a pussy.
131) 0) text: Derek plunks a quarter down the slot and removes a copy of the LA TIMES. Danny continues to skate ahead of him. Sensing danger, Derek looks back behind him. With no one in sight, he walks into a doughnut shop.
132) 0) text: He takes a guarded look outside. Everything seems normal. A bus drives by. A group of Mexican laborers, dressed for work and smiling, walk past in the other direction. Inside, a black woman orders a dozen doughnuts from a short Korean.man behind the counter. Her young daughter grabs her leg. Danny sits down and reads Derek's paper.
132) 1) dialog: What do you want?
132) 3) dialog: (to the girl) You look pretty. She laughs.
132) 5) dialog: How do I look?
132) 7) dialog: What's your name?
132) 9) dialog: How old are you, Tisha? She holds up four fingers. Derek smiles.
132) 11) dialog: What's goin' on?
132) 13) dialog: How'd you find out I was here?
132) 16) dialog: How bad?
132) 19) dialog: Fuckin' A. Sweeney sighs.
132) 21) dialog: I can't, Sweeney.
133) 1) dialog: Hey. Keep your head up, alright?  I'm  going to take care of this.
133) 3) dialog: I don't know. I'll figure it out though. You gonna be okay?
133) 6) dialog: Hey.
133) 8) dialog: Come here. Derek puts his hand over the fence. Danny walks up and clasps it -- FINGERS INTERTWINED. Derek wants to say one thing but something else comes out.
133) 9) dialog: I'll see you at home. Danny smiles at his brother and nods. Danny puts his ear phones on and heads to class. Derek watches his brother through the chain-link fence. Danny meets up with Lizzy and they soon disappear from Derek's sight. Derek turns and walks down the street.
133) 11) dialog: Nope. Derek stops in his tracks, walks back over to the fence, and stares at the school.
137) 0) text: Derek cradles his bloody brother. Sweeney walks over, crouches, and talks to Derek's back.
137) 2) dialog: I can't. Derek begins to cry outright. He can't control himself. He lets go of Danny's corpse and charges out into the hall.
138) 0) text: Derek embraces them. Doris grabs his face -- torn between love and hate. Guilt-ridden, Derek tears from them and storms down the hall with Sweeney soon in tow.
138) 2) dialog: How the luck do you know what I'm thinkin', Sweeney!?
138) 4) dialog: They shot him in a fucking...pisshole!
138) 6) dialog: It stops now, Sweeney. Sweeney nods and the two lock eyes. Derek makes his way back to Doris and Davina and together, they grieve.