31) 1) dialog: Seven-six. Let's go!  Set some picks!
31) 3) dialog: Boy? Lawrence quickly pivots past Seth, dunks it, and yells as he hangs on the rim. The crowd cheers.
31) 5) dialog: Fat, pasty, pale, pastrami eating, cracker, motherfucker. A hundred bucks says I make you my bitch.
31) 14) dialog: Name your price, Cracker.
31) 16) dialog: You got a lot of fucking balls, man. Bring it. Right now. Derek pulls off his sweatshirt and gives it to Stacey. Lawrence gets his team together.
32) 5) dialog: Fuckin' BYU, man!  All right!  All we need is one now! Lawrence and Derek lock eyes, a look exceeding competitive boundary. A look filled with rage.
32) 7) dialog: I ain't losin' in my house!  Clear it  out! The POWER FORWARD dribbles beautifully up the court -- his teammates clearing out the key. Defensively, Derek is solid. He tries to pass Derek but Derek's defense is stifling. Again. With another tricky move, Lawrence inadvertently puts his LEFT ELBOW into Derek's face, sending him quickly to the pavement. EVERYBODY STOPS.
32) 9) dialog: Get the fuck outta here!  He was movin' his feet! Derek, teeth bloodied, rises. The two have a stare down.
32) 11) dialog: You wanna piece! Bring it! Players quickly rush to restrain the two even though the teams hate each other.
32) 13) dialog: Fuck you! Derek walks over to Cammeron, Danny and Stacey standing courtside. She has a water bottle and a towel waiting for him. He wipes his BLOODY LIP and takes a sip. Cameron stares at Derek.
33) 0) text: Derek, Danny, Seth, Cammeron, Curtis and Stacey stand outside the Bronco. The doors are all open and the stereo softly plays music in the b.g. Derek dries off. DANNY'S POV. Derek throws a shirt and tie over his sweaty, tattooed body. Danny watches the tats disappear, and it's almost like his brother is normal. A name tag reads LA COPY CENTER - DEREK - ASSISTANT MANAGER. Derek looks at JEROME and LAWRENCE from afar. Danny notices the two men stare at his brother, ready to kill. Derek meets their gaze.
73) 0) text: He hovers over big Lawrence. Gun pointed steadily, he kicks him in the stomach over and over -- tongue pressed against teeth.  Hot air flows from Derek's breath and into the cold.
73) 2) dialog: Goddamn, man! Danny watches his brother from the front porch.
73) 8) dialog: Come on, man. Call an ambulance.