0) 1) dialog: Where’s the vault key?
1) 0) text: Doug stands behind Claire while Jem holds Bearns in front of the closed VAULT.
1) 1) dialog: What’s the time lock set for?
1) 3) dialog: If you’re not telling the truth we’re gonna kill you're friend. (CONTINUED )
1) 6) dialog: When it hits, no panic code. Open it clean. Understand? Everything has gone very fast to this point. Now it moves agonizingly slow- They watch it like three people waiting for an elevator. 3 2 1 The timer CLACKS! Doug inserts the vault key. Claire reaches for the big dial with a trembling hand. She rotates it once, then overshoots the next number.
1) 9) dialog: (calmer) How many attempts before a duress delay?
1) 11) dialog: You want us here another fifteen minutes? Claire reaches fast, but Doug grabs her wrist, holding it steady: it looks fragile in his gloved hand.
1) 12) dialog: Breathe. Once you start, do not stop. (CONTINUED)
2) 0) text: Doug and Jem collecting CASH. They rip the color-coded bands, fanning each thick packet. Doug deftly removes each DYE PACK from each bundle. We jump cut and watch him to the same to the TRACERS.
3) 0) text: As Doug emerges, Dez halts him in the shadows, pointing.
3) 3) dialog: We gotta go.
4) 4) dialog: Doesn’t matter. Let’s go.
4) 6) dialog: Let’s go. Load the bags. After hesitating, Jem rises. Doug takes the bleach, dowsing the teller station. He returns to the teller station and Bearns’ WHEEZING. Claire's chair is empty.
5) 1) dialog: Fuck is this?
5) 3) dialog: Leave her. But Jem is already hustling her out, past the Prius. Doug hates the idea but won’t waste time arguing.
5) 4) text: Gloansy pulls up FAST in the WORK VAN. Doug boosts Claire into the van with her head kept down.
6) 0) text: Doug pushing her into the bench, sitting next to her.
6) 1) dialog: Eyes shut, no noise. Doug pulls out a small knife. He tugs at her jacket hem, CUTTING OFF a strip of fabric -- making her flinch. The rest of the crew REMOVE THEIR MASKS. As THE VAN LURCHES FORWARD, he ties it around her head as a blindfold. He makes a fist and drives it -- STOPPING JUST SHORT OF HER NOSE. Making sure she can’t see. He sits back. STUDYING her with impunity. As he stares at her we have a NON-LINEAR SEQUENCE where we FLASH BACK TO Doug scouting the bank job, observing Claire as she came and went from work--but we HEAR a conversation between Claire and an FBI agent that takes place AFTER the robbery.
7) 0) text: Doug watches intently as Claire comes to work in the morning.
8) 0) text: Claire gets off, sunset. She is quite beautiful but it isn’t that, there is something endearing in her dignity, her poise. Doug watches from a Cadillac STS.
9) 18) dialog: It’s all right.
9) 23) dialog: What’s the magic number, Drago?
10) 1) dialog: This shit with the Florist is gettin’ old.
10) 3) dialog: Fuck makin’ payments. We’re takin’ risks and breakin’ him off for nothing.
10) 5) dialog: Now you have money expertise you acquired I don’t know about? I known you your whole life. (CONTINUED)
10) 9) dialog: What money did you have in Walpole?
10) 11) dialog: Let me ask you something, are we gonna start takin’ hostages now?
10) 13) dialog: We don’t need to be workin’ with that piece of shit.
10) 19) dialog: How are ya, Fergie? Evidently this was not sufficiently respectful.
10) 21) dialog: Good. Jem drops an envelope on the table.
10) 23) dialog: (to Fergie) Merry Christmas. We're on Fergie as the door closes.
13) 0) text: Doug sits for a private lap dance.
16) 0) text: Brick-walled, low-ceilinged. A dungeon of piss and beer. Jem sees Doug.
16) 4) dialog: Fuckin’ A, we’re the best. Doug’s heart is only half in this ritual.
16) 7) dialog: Still look young.
16) 9) dialog: Maybe that’s not a bad thing.
16) 13) dialog: I'll be right back, Kris. Doug stands and squeezes through the crowd of drinkers. He pushes through the front door...
17) 0) text: .--and out of the bar. He breathes in the fresh night air and moves off up the street. EXT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT - LATER Doug passes Claire’s apartment on Monument Square and looks up to see the lights on. He stands and looks.
19) 0) text: The morning sun is brilliant in the city. Doug sits in his car outside Claire’s apartment. Her front door opens and she exits, cap brim low, trundling a basket of laundry. Angle on Doug: thinking...
20) 0) text: The bell above the door jingles as Doug pushes through hefting a sack of laundry over his shoulder. He sneaks a glance at a bank of washers Claire is filling with clothes.
20) 2) dialog: (to her back) Excuse me? She turns fast, startled to see him there. There are TEARS IN HER EYES, she tries to smile again.
20) 3) dialog: You all right? (CONTINUED)
20) 10) dialog: Oh, hey -- how are you?
20) 12) dialog: No, no. You got nothing to apologize for.
20) 14) dialog: No problem at all. Some of her remaining clothes sit folded on the table.
20) 16) dialog: No problem. (steps after her) Maybe, maybe you can let me buy you a drink? I don’t even know what that means but people say it- She looks up at him, wasn’t expecting this. Says nothing. DOUG (CONT’D) Not now. It’s ten thirty in the morning. At a normal time. (CONTINUED)
20) 20) dialog: This is why I’ve never done the public ask out before.
20) 22) dialog: That’s what I was going for. (beat) But I could also just put some more quarters in the machine and mind my business, too.
21) 0) text: The baseba Doug, Dez 11 field is underneath the Tobin bridge. Jem, and Gloansy in the empty stands.
21) 3) dialog: I got two things I’m looking at, a Newton thing and a just over here thing two miles away thing.
21) 5) dialog: Bread truck is waist high in Newton. (CONTINUED)
21) 9) dialog: Have you even stashed your money yet? (looks to Gloansy) Mailboxes etcetera don’t count. INT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT - DAY The buzzer is ringing. She opens the door. Its Frawley
22) 0) text: Claire and Doug at dinner. Slightly awkward.
22) 1) dialog: So, now, where are you from?
22) 3) dialog: Canton. Nice out there.
22) 6) dialog: Demolition. Well, the owner named the company ‘Sky Makers’ -- like every time we knock down a building we’re really ‘making sky.’ But the truth is I hit big cinder-blocks with little cinder- blocks and at he end of the day I punch a card and slide down the back of a brontosaurus like Barney Rubble. (beat) And we make more dust than sky.
22) 8) dialog: What about you?
22) 10) dialog: Oh, Yeah? That’s a good job. (off her grimace) You don’t like it? (CONTINUED)
22) 14) dialog: Not anymore? Doug wishes he had that question back.
22) 16) dialog: But you weren’t hurt.
22) 18) dialog: They did that because of a silent alarm? She avoids answering. Then, softly yet plain:
22) 20) dialog: So you're working with the FBI?
22) 22) dialog: He what, he calls you, checks in?
22) 24) dialog: Are you happy with the investigation? Progress? Suspects? (CONTINUED)
22) 27) dialog: They haven’t talked to you about that?
22) 29) dialog: The FBI said that?
22) 31) dialog: They don’t see you as a suspect, do they?
22) 33) dialog: Just, you said they hurt this other guy and they let you go...
22) 35) dialog: Just be careful. (beat) Do you have a lawyer?
22) 37) dialog: You know what? We can not even talk about this.
22) 41) dialog: No- no It’s my fault. I should keep my mouth shut. I don’t even know the story. A quiet beat passes between them.
23) 0) text: Doug and Claire walk across the bridge back home to Charlestown.
23) 2) dialog: Yeah...that’s a catch. But I don’t- -who told you all that?
23) 4) dialog: The FBI told you that. Did she offend him?
23) 8) dialog: When I was a kid we used to go for ice cream, at Wizards across from JJ's bar--where all the big armed car guys hung out-- they were like rock stars here. All we ever saw were the cars and pretty girls... You heard all about the jobs they ran and the houses they had up Billerica, Winthrop... There were a lot of kids in that ice cream parlor, faces pressed to the glass, couldn’t wait to grow up and be like the big guys--some did, some went another way. I was scared of those guys. I just wanted to play hockey. (that’s enough) But it’s all condos here now.
23) 10) dialog: The neighborhood’s gone to pot!
23) 12) dialog: What the fuck am I doing?
26) 0) text: An AA/NA meeting. A SPEAKER shares his story. While his story goes, we push through the attendees, coming to rest on DOUG. Speaker points to woman in front.
26) 5) dialog: Hey, I was just stopping by to see you. Claire is slightly taken aback, obviously this wasn’t planned, but not completely unwelcome.
26) 7) dialog: No, I just wanted to stop by. Thought maybe we could go out and do something, spur of the moment. Whatever.
26) 9) dialog: I can come with you if you want. I don’t know what you’re doing but-- I can give you a ride, it’s a nice day, I got nowhere to go. He smiles. She looks at him.
27) 5) dialog: I keep it clean for re-sale.
27) 7) dialog: I figured I would get the Prius lecture eventually.
27) 9) dialog: That wasn’t your Prius I’ve seen by the apartment?
27) 11) dialog: Where we going?
28) 0) text: A hospital seems more hallway. Claire leading. Doug sees that she nervous than he is.
28) 1) dialog: You seem worried about something.
28) 3) dialog: When was this? (CONTINUED)
28) 8) dialog: It’s fine, I can wait out here.
29) 0) text: David Bearns propped up against an avalanche of pillows, gauze and bandaging masking his face.. Doug stays put while Claire crosses the room and kisses his cheek.
29) 11) dialog: I’m gonna leave you guys alone. Doug does an awkward wave, as he retreats to the doorway.
30) 0) text: Claire exits and Doug catches up to her. They walk.
30) 1) dialog: Your friend got a tough break. Claire says something he doesn’t catch. Doug realizes she has stopped, turns back to her.
30) 2) dialog: What?
30) 5) dialog: Hitting an alarm during an armed robbery is brave. There aren’t too Many people who do that. (quieter) And there was nothin’ you could do to help your friend.
30) 9) dialog: No. No. Cops are just people. They just want to find a bad guy so they can go home and nuke their supper. And usually whoever’s runnin’ their mouth the most.
30) 11) dialog: I think you need to try to let this go Claire
30) 13) dialog: Guidance through the justice system is how we show affection in Charlestown.
31) 0) text: They’re now at dinner. A WAITER refills Doug’s glass with water and Claire’s with WINE.
31) 2) dialog: No, it’s fine.
31) 4) dialog: Nope.
31) 6) dialog: Uh, not really. (CONTINUED)
31) 11) dialog: I don’t mind telling you my life didn’t go well with oxycontin and cocaine...but I wouldn’t mind talking about something else now, either. (beat) And I really don’t know what you have against my truck.
31) 13) dialog: What are you talking about? I’m an open book. He smiles. DOUG (CONT’D) My mother left when I was six. My father, uh, we don’t talk. He lives in the suburbs.
31) 15) dialog: Yeah.
31) 17) dialog: She left. (CONTINUED)
31) 21) dialog: I just turned six. This noise woke me up in the morning. I thought it was an animal maybe. I’d never heard what a man sounded like just, you know, crying.. When I saw my father in the kitchen all I remember is the ashtray. Looked like he'd been through a hundred cigarettes. Ash like a little mountain. He had stopped crying and he was sitting there watching TV on our little black and white with no sound. I think he just didn’t know what else to do. He saw me standing in the doorway and he just goes, “your mother left. She’s not comin’ back.” Just like that. Smokin’ cigarettes and eatin a tv dinner at six in the mornin’. (beat) We lost our dog the year before. I thought “lost” was a place people went. I wanted to make these posters so if she was lost she could call us like they did when someone found our dog. To this day my father will tell you he helped me make those posters. But he didn’t. He sat there and drank a case of beer and I went around by myself on school street asking people if they seen my mother. I always assumed she went off and started another family somewhere and knowing my father-- I don’t blame her. sn’t know what to say. We see she is extremely DOUG (CONT’D) Glad I told that story... Now you're never gonna call me. (realizes) i. )
31) 24) dialog: Did I just say, “now you’re never gonna call me?” How did I turn into Sex and the City all of a sudden? , breaking the tension.
31) 26) dialog: Well, that’s good.
31) 28) dialog: No...Charlestown’s pretty safe in terms of street crime.
31) 30) dialog: What kind of people?
31) 32) dialog: If you can’t tell me, I don’t know what I’m doing here.
31) 37) dialog: No, it’s not fine. He lifts her sleeve and sees she has a LONG SCRAPE/CUT on her arm that is ugly from where she was manhandled.
31) 39) dialog: Did you get a look at, uh, either of their faces? INT. JEM’S APARTMENT - FIFTEEN MINUTES LATER Doug walks in. Jem is watching television.
31) 40) dialog: I’m asking for your help. I can’t tell you why, you can never ask me about it after and it involves hurting people. Jem stares at him, eyes thoughtful.
32) 0) text: Doug and Jem cruise slowly through the project streets. People are out, standing around their cars.
32) 2) dialog: Yeah.
33) 0) text: We are at the stairway landing. Doug and Jem arrive, don masks, and quickly step up to the door.
33) 1) dialog: Alex! He raps on the metal door. DOUG (CONT’D) Alex! From within.
33) 6) dialog: Lets go. Jem is looking at Alex. Jem isn’t Alex says can do to Jem’s gun DOUG (CONT’D) C'mon, we're done. done. He seems curious about Alex.
33) 13) dialog: Easy.
33) 21) dialog: No! Doug grabs Jem and the gun. Looks at him.
33) 22) dialog: Let’s go. Now! Jem turns to both of the thugs, thinks for a beat and takes of his mask.
33) 25) dialog: I don’t need to be up there killin’ people.
34) 0) text: Claire is gardening in her plot. Doug is watching from behind the fence. They have been talking there.
34) 1) dialog: Five years since they made these you're the first person I know who uses one. (CONTINUED)
34) 5) dialog: Oh, me, definitely. Embarrassing because I’m a big fan of flowers.
34) 7) dialog: Lilacs. She half smiles half laughs but doesn’t jump up.
34) 10) dialog: I think so.
34) 12) dialog: You mean you want references? (CONTINUED)
34) 16) dialog: (laughs ) Am I married? No.
34) 18) dialog: No. She holds his look.
34) 20) dialog: Be nice wouldn’t it? No past, no history. Meet each other for the first time every day? She smiles extends her hand.
34) 22) dialog: Doug. (beat) No chemistry. She pushes him. He uses that as an opportunity to put his arms around her, swallowing her up, in a wide shot we see them in the garden.
35) 0) text: LONG SHOT of our crew barbecuing in the backyard. Doug and Jem sit on the steps of the back porch; Gloansy tends the grill; Krista and Joanie are in lawn chairs near SHYNE (2) Krista’s daughter, who clamors around a play pen. (CONTINUED)
38) 2) dialog: God damn it.
38) 4) dialog: Yeah. Statie and BPD are thinner.
38) 6) dialog: What could she say? What? There were four of us?
38) 8) dialog: Maybe we pushed the phone stuff too hard.
38) 10) dialog: We gotta bench the other thing.
38) 12) dialog: The FBI’s down the corner. Besides that, we’re good.. (CONTINUED)
38) 16) dialog: Okay look, it’s not even prepped. Let me keep working I’1l tell you when. For now, let’s not be seen with each other if we can help it.
39) 0) text: Claire and Doug share a pizza in a Boston Pizzeria. His is plain. Hers in Hawaiian, pineapple and sausage.
39) 2) dialog: Oh yeah? All good things I hope.
39) 4) dialog: (smiles) What do they say? Her momentary pause tells Doug the answer. Of course.
39) 5) dialog: They can’t believe your luck. You moved to Charlestown snagged a rock breaking Townie. Couldn’t even snag one that owned a scratch ticket store?
39) 9) dialog: I know what you mean. People walk by. We feel the day outside.
39) 12) dialog: I’m sure he’d be glad you’re thinking of him. She smiles, the mood is melancholy but they are no less connected to one another. Doug gestures to the pizza, the cafe, the day. DOUG (CONT’D) I'm having a good time. This is a good day. She sets her napkin on the table, pushing back her chair.
39) 19) dialog: (watching the door) What?
39) 21) dialog: No one.
39) 25) dialog: You wanna get outta here?
39) 43) text: Doug dead- 51. (4)
39) 60) dialog: Not that one, anyway. He tried to smile it off. She reaches for her lemonade again, but this time DOUG TAKES THE GLASS from her hand. INT. JEM’S BASEMENT - DAY A dank stone cellar of weeping walls. The CLANK of iron on iron. The basement has been made into a weight room. Doug comes down the stairs, seeing Jem doing presses. Jem sits up, veins swollen in his forearms. He sees Doug and drops a curling bar.
39) 61) dialog: You got something to say, say it now.
39) 63) dialog: That was a mistake coming over there.
39) 65) dialog: Relax. I know what I’m doing.
39) 68) dialog: Don’t worry about me. (CONTINUED)
39) 72) dialog: I haven’t been slow rollin’ shit.
39) 74) dialog: We got heat on us right now and this shit takes time to get right.
39) 76) dialog: Fuck you. You want to take over, you're welcome to start.
39) 78) dialog: Jem. It’s been set up. You got such a fuckin’ hard on to go? We'll go tomorrow. INT. CLAIRE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Doug enters Claire’s apartment, she sees him arrive on the top step. He sees her and has a slightly off look. (CONTINUED)
39) 82) dialog: Nothing?
39) 84) dialog: It’s just-- every time I see you I keep thinking I’ve exaggerated in my mind how beautiful you are and you can’t really look that amazing in real life. But then I see you- and...you do.
39) 86) dialog: None. (beat) They’re in Brighton and Malden and suburban areas. She moves toward the back and throws the line over her shoulder:
39) 88) dialog: Sure it was me?
39) 91) dialog: Oh. That picture. (CONTINUED)
39) 95) dialog: I wasn’t that good. Doug gets uncomfortable. Doug plain
39) 97) dialog: You'd be surprised. I got drafted by the St. Louis Blues, they aren’t even a team anymore.
39) 99) dialog: Yeah, I was good. And I got drafted. And I didn’t do what it took to make the team. I wasn’t smart enough to know it or classy enough to accept it and when I got a second chance, I blew that, too. So when I look at that picture, all I see is a guy who fucked up every chance he ever got. Doug's vulnerability takes him by surprise and has a self propulsive quality. (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: In a series of shots we see Jem, Doug, Gloansy and Dez as they prepare.
45) 0) text: Dez, Jem, Gloansy and Doug huddled across from one another, in a dark space--packing weapons into large duffel bags. They place masks on top of the bags, zip, etc.
45) 1) dialog: We don’t need to get hurt and we don’t need to hurt anyone else. (he looks to all) If its a cruiser, we have the firepower. We take the tires, the radiator--we’re gone. More than a cruiser, we see how fast they are.
46) 1) dialog: The messenger will come around back, open the doors, and load the coal bag--we hit him right then-- get the bags and whatever we can from the back. That’s when the call goes out.
46) 3) dialog: (indicates stopwatch) You can throw that out. Depends how close or far a cruiser happens to be. EXT. DEZ’S COMCAST TRUCK PARKING LOT- SAME Wider shot lets us see, as we move through the parking lot, EVERY THIRD CAR HAS UNDERCOVER OR UNIFORMS IN IT. INT. FRAWLEY’S CAR - SAME Frawley, Dino and the younger agent wait.
47) 10) dialog: Let's go. (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: GLOANSY drives the MINIVAN through the North End. DOUG and JEM are in the BACKSEAT. They are cruising the North End. The hold their weapons and masks on their laps so they cannot be seen from outside the car. Children trickle in to a parochial school they pass by. They must circle the block, orbiting while they wait for the truck to arrive. No one says a word, until:
51) 5) dialog: Messenger get on the ground. The GUARD FLAILS. Doug QUICKLY SUBDUES HIM, grabs the COAL BAG. He stands over the two guards, waiting for Jem. One GUARD appears to be making a move, DOUG gets the AK in HIS FACE. DOUG (CONT’D) Think about it brother. Thirteen dollars an hour. Jem GOES THROUGH THE BACK OF THE CAR looking for loot. Passersby are FROZEN IN PLACE, STARING AT THE ROBBERY. DOUG (CONT’D) (to pedestrians) We're bailing out this bank. It’1ll be over in a minute. Jem looks through the bulletproof glass at the DRIVER, who is terrified. Jem turns his head, revealing the MASK.
54) 0) text: They pile into the car, throw bags. Doug checks watch.
54) 1) dialog: Two-twenty. Gloansy fires up the car and they start down the street when a SIREN goes off. They all turn back to see a POLICE CRUISER bearing down on them.
54) 3) dialog: Must have been down the street. Jem picks the gun back up.
54) 5) dialog: Wait, wait WAIT! Jem looks, Gloansy looks.
55) 0) text: The minivan comes CAREENING around the corner of a narrow street, nearly taking out a bench. A van is parked up on a sidewalk so the minivan is forced to drive up on the opposing sidewalk. The cruiser gives chase around several incredibly narrow, ancient turns and alleys-- built to accommodate horses(and even those only narrowly) in the 1700's. Driving though at 60 mph is harrowing. The chase lasts about thirty seconds until a car PULLS OUT in front of them AND SLAMS ON ITS BRAKES forcing our guys to a halt. The driver of the front car gets out, our guys go for their guns, we reveal the driver is DEZ in the ‘switch car’ and our guys are readying themselves to shoot it out with the pursuing policeman. The guys jump out of the minivan, and leave it in the middle of the street, Gloansy grabs the bags of money while Jem uses the door for cover, taking aim at the cruiser who has pulled up behind them. Jem starts FIRING at the car, incredibly loud automatic rifle report-BANGBANGBANG-quickly disabling it and forcing the driver out of the car. Another CRUISER arrives from the street perpendicular, followed by a third. Jem, supported by Doug, begins firing at the police. The automatic weapons totally overwhelm the police officers who retreat quickly under the loud and terrifying onslaught.
56) 0) text: The back is filled with JUGS OF GASOLINE. Doug OPENS ONE, dumping as much of it as he can over as much area of the interior as he can. He calls to Jem.
56) 1) dialog: Let's go. He stands back, cracks a zippo and lets it drop. THE WHOLE THING GOES UP IN FLAMES. 65.
65) 0) text: Dez, Doug, Jem and Gloansy come out of the jeep, carrying duffel bags in one hand and AK-47’s or tech-9’s in the other. They stay low and move quickly. As they get to the second switch car, Doug looks across the street (towards camera) and sees something that stops him cold. The other four guys stop immediately after. (CONTINUED)
66) 0) text: Doug, Jem, Gloansy and Jem all tear off their masks and start stashing their weapons.
68) 0) text: Several POLICE OFFICERS are waved over to Doug, who JOGS UP to them, carrying his hard hat. He nods at them, expecting this, and heads with them to their car.
70) 0) text: Doug sits handcuffed in the back, looking out over the front onto the road.
70) 1) dialog: (to the officer driving) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
70) 4) dialog: You might not want to take Storrow Drive unless you’re gonna light up your roof.
72) 0) text: Doug and Dino enter. Dino waves at Doug to have a seat. There is a seat and three chairs.
72) 2) dialog: Thanks.
72) 4) dialog: Me, too.
72) 7) text: Dino smile! Doug is op 70. DINO (CONT’D) You'd think they’d go after a younger kid. Makin’ a statement I guess. Charlestown crew ain’t what it used to be. Maybe you can change that when you’re up there. s in his eyes, tweaks his head.
72) 9) dialog: Let me ask you something. Let’s say someone is around a group of people, just by chance. So naturally, because they associate with him, he has personal information about those people. Work, neighborhood, whatever. Now let's say that person gives that information to the police for money. What do you call him? A rat. Now lets say that person has a badge, what do you call him? (beat points at Dino) Dino. Dino the dego from Somerville. The cops need to know who had an abortion, who got thrown out by their aunt. Big D. But let me ask you somethin’, Dino, the neighborhood expert, when your friends here decide to get serious and go on the big operations, how come they always put you in the back seat? The DOOR OPENS and Frawley enters. He walks over to Dino and stands beside where he is sitting, across from Doug.
72) 22) dialog: I thought it would be the federal prosecutor telling me to go fuck myself. Frawley smiles. DOUG (CONT’D) I’m glad you came in here because this room smells like piss and you’re wearing a nice cologne. They all look at each other. And he is They rise.
72) 24) dialog: All right take it easy guys. (exiting) Good luck with that print. gone.
73) 0) text: Early evening crowd, Doug and Claire walking hand-in- hand. They come towards the food court.
73) 1) dialog: Hey I want to show you something. I wanted to wait for the right time but I’m gonna abandon that and go with the food court.
73) 3) dialog: I got you something. Doug reaches into his pocket and produces a BOX. He opens it and reveals a DIAMOND PENDANT NECKLACE. DOUG (CONT’D) This is for you, because you make me happy and I don’t know how to thank you except to buy you something. I know that makes me shallow but I hope you can see past that and try to forgive me. Claire looks at the diamond, amazed and stunned and a little overwhelmed.
74) 2) dialog: I guess you could hock it, but I’m not taking it back. (CONTINUED)
74) 6) dialog: I have a job, Claire. I put away some money.
74) 8) dialog: Really, what are you going to do? She tucks her diamond away.
74) 10) dialog: What if I told you I been thinking about quitting my job? She looks up at him and smiles, thinks he is saying this out of misguided sympathy.
74) 12) dialog: How many people do you know who have changed their lives?
74) 14) dialog: I’m gonna change mine. She recognizes that he is serious. DOUG (CONT’D) Why don’t you do it with me. Take the money we have. Quit our jobs.. She looks at him. DOUG (CONT’D) Why not?
74) 16) dialog: Wherever we want. (CONTINUED)
74) 20) dialog: The giveaway paper? Yeah?
74) 22) dialog: Really?
74) 24) dialog: They say who did it?
74) 26) dialog: Shouldn't have been dealing drugs.
74) 28) dialog: What else would he be getting robbed for? I grew up here, believe me. (beat) Am I right? (CONTINUED)
74) 32) dialog: Okay. Trust me, they had, he got what was coming to him.
74) 34) dialog: He hurt you, would have hurt you worse- if someone hadn’t come out. He got what he had coming. Laws of the universe. That’s karma.
76) 0) text: Doug is opposite his FATHER (70). A shrunken man, who wears a prison jumpsuit and sits opposite Doug.
76) 2) dialog: Just come up to say. Drop off your dirty books.
76) 4) dialog: (beat) Thinkin’ about goin’ dark. Takin’ a trip.
76) 8) dialog: Making a change.
76) 10) dialog: Yeah? I didn’t hear about it.
76) 13) dialog: (rising) All right, Dad...
76) 15) dialog: (sardonic) If I think back on it.
77) 0) text: Doug, Gloansy and Dez come up a stairwell and out onto a rooftop, they look around, Jem is waiting for them.
77) 3) dialog: What came in?
77) 5) dialog: Oh Jesus. Are you fucking kidding me? Doug turns away, walks toward the ledge.
77) 9) dialog: We're smoked. Punt it.
77) 11) dialog: Sell it.
77) 13) dialog: Should have thought about that before you broke the gardner off for twenty dimes. Dez and Gloansy watching like a tennis match. Finally:
77) 15) dialog: Oh, now you, too?
77) 17) dialog: Do you want to get caught? You’re fuckin’ up. The hostage was a bad play.
77) 19) dialog: --Tune up the assistant manager.
77) 21) dialog: No he didn’t.
77) 25) dialog: She did! A moment of quiet. Doug looks to Jem, its all out there, now.
77) 27) dialog: She told me.
77) 30) dialog: She doesn’t know anything.
77) 32) dialog: Listen, she doesn’t know anything, I'm telling you straight. I’m out. Okay. I’m done. I consider us lucky to be where we are.
77) 34) dialog: I don’t give a fuck how Fergie sees it.
77) 36) dialog: You know something Jem? This conversation’s over. I'll adjust his expectation. You adjust yours.
77) 38) dialog: I’m gonna talk to him. (CONTINUED)
77) 43) dialog: Do you need to have everything explained to you? It’s finished. (was this it?) Did you think I was gonna be with your sister for the rest of my life? (deeper ) I ain’t the father, Jem, you know that, right? No one says anything. DOUG (CONT’D) I don’t know who is, but there ain’t enough free clinics in Matapan to find out. Jem SWINGS AT DOUG, who is quick enough where he only takes half the impact. He grabs Jem by the SHIRT and they go at it, TRADING PUNCHES, vicious and quick. Gloansy tries to break it up but has to back off. Jem comes loose and trips, falling toward the edge of the roof. He lands and NEARLY FALLS OVER THE EDGE. Doug comes toward him. Jem raises his hand as if to say “enough.”
77) 45) dialog: I’m done. Doug gets up and heads for the stairs. 82. EXT./INT. CLAIRE’S DOOR - DAY Frawley enters, holding a MANILA ENVELOPE.
78) 3) dialog: Fergie. (to Bodyguard) Don’t get up. Half smile. DOUG (CONT’D) I just wanted to come tell you myself, you’re going to have to find someone else.
78) 5) dialog: Whatever you got my guys can handle it without me.
78) 7) dialog: With respect, I didn’t come here for a debate. I’m not doin’ it. So work it out best you can. He reaches in his pocket. Rusty starts to stand. (CONTINUED)
78) 11) dialog: Beg your pardon?
78) 13) dialog: Who do you think you are? The only guy in Charlestown with a gun? You run numbers and pump dope. Good for you. You’re an old man with a fucked up face who don’t know his glory years are behind him. I ain’t workin’ for ya. (to bodyguard) Fuck the both of you. If you have a problem with that I live at one sixteen pearl street. Stop by any time. You know where to find me. He grunts a little smile out, placing flowers in a jar.
78) 15) dialog: Don’t bring up my father.
79) 0) text: Doug comes down the street in a hurry. He turns the corner and stops in front of Claire’s DOOR. He is FROZEN by something off camera. (CONTINUED)
79) 3) dialog: 
79) 5) dialog: Claire? (beat) It’s me. He moves the through the apartment with stealth. Through the front living area, to a dining/kitchen, then through a ‘guest/den’ and ultimately into the bedroom. Doug Stands in the bedroom, sensing something, not sure what it is. He moves to the bathroom, sees the door slightly AJAR and a SHADOW on the FLOOR. He PUSHES IT OPEN slowly. We reveal: CLAIRE, SITTING ON THE FLOOR, she’s been crying. Doug quickly sticks the gun away and moves toward her. She PULLS away.
79) 7) dialog: Claire...
79) 11) dialog: Hold on a second. She indicates her cell phone.
79) 13) dialog: I don’t know what they told you. Okay? But why don’t you give me a chance to tell you.
79) 15) dialog: Who talked to you?
79) 17) dialog: Okay, just listen to me--The robbery, whatever, that’s true- She is shaking despite herself
79) 18) dialog: But I’m the same person you knew.
79) 20) dialog: I never lied to you.
79) 22) dialog: I don’t want to hurt anybody-- She moves into anger.
79) 24) dialog: Sorry for me? (CONTINUED)
79) 28) dialog: Claire.
79) 31) dialog: I was going to tell you. I wanted to tell you that night.
79) 33) dialog: Claire. Calm down.
79) 35) dialog: Listen to me.
80) 0) text: Doug watches the cars rumble overhead, DRINKS A 6 PACK. He lobs beers down the hill that land crashing below. He lines up some bottles, walks away and SHOOTS THEM. 90.
81) 0) text: Doug stands in the door facing the Florist Rusty.
81) 1) dialog: I’m in. But if anything happens to her, by the two of you or anyone else or if I get worried something might happen to her I’m gonna come back here and kill both of you in your own shop. (beat) All right? Angle on Rusty and the Florist, unmoved. INT. COUGHLIN HOUSE - KRISTA’S DOOR - EVENING Doug’s KNOCK brings Krista to the door in a tank shirt, nylon pants, and Tweety slippers. She straightens, surprised.
81) 2) dialog: I’m hungry.
81) 5) dialog: No, its okay. She moves off into the kitchen. DOUG (CONT’D) I’m going away. The microwave opens and shuts in the adjoining kitchen.
81) 9) dialog: How it is.
81) 11) dialog: I told him. He didn’t want to hear it. He asked me to do one last thing for him. So I’m gonna do it. (beat) Could you tell him that for me? Krista looks at him for a long moment...
82) 0) text: Doug, Jem, Gloansy and Dez sit on folding chairs by a walk-in cooler. Fergie speaks.
83) 0) text: Doug, Jem, Gloansy and Dez come out. Doug turns to Jem.
83) 1) dialog: This is going to be a motherfucker, you know that.
83) 3) dialog: How long ‘till Rusty finds the inside man after the job?
84) 0) text: Doug heads through the nearby gardens to Claire’s plot. There she is. Claire turns when the gate latch CLICKS, her bare limbs glowing in the afternoon sun, she sees him
84) 1) dialog: Just let me say something. She just looks at him.
84) 2) dialog: You know who I am. You always have.
84) 4) dialog: Imagine there was no robbery. Then what? We would be the same people. She can’t do this.
84) 6) dialog: If you want me to go away? All you need to do is call the police and tell them that we’ll be set up at the Howard Johnson on Yawkey way in room 224 in two days.
84) 8) dialog: On Monday we’re going to rob the cash room at Fenway Park. (CONTINUED)
84) 12) dialog: I’m gonna change my life, Claire. (beat) I want it to be with you. A HORSE’S SNORT interrupts. A MOUNTED POLICEMAN trots on the path toward them. Claire’s eyes dampen, and she faces him.
84) 14) dialog: Come with me. I won’t leave you, I won’t hurt you and I will never lie to you again. INT. JEM’S HOUSE - DAY Jem is cleaning the weapons and ammunition on a table in a basement room. Doug comes downstairs. Jem does not immediately acknowledge him. Doug looks at the several automatic and semi-automatic assault weapons.
84) 15) dialog: (re: guns) You gotta love New Hampshire. Jem keeps cleaning.
84) 17) dialog: Yup. Vests, plates. (CONTINUED)
84) 20) dialog: If this goes right, might be your time to step away, too.
84) 22) dialog: Things change, man. Nothing wrong with it.
84) 24) dialog: We had a good run, Jimmy. By any standard.
84) 26) dialog: The Florist -- kid, he’ll keep turning you out till you get bounced for good.
85) 0) text: Doug opens a curtain revealing a view of Fenway Park. He checks the message light on the phone, picks up the receiver, makes sure the phone is working.
85) 5) dialog: What do you want, Kris? He throws on his pants.
85) 7) dialog: You can’t stay.
85) 9) dialog: It’s not about loyalty, Krista.
85) 13) dialog: I’m leaving with somebody else. She looks around the room.
85) 15) dialog: What did you say? Who told you?
85) 17) dialog: What do you know about a necklace? He GRABS HER BY THE NECK AND SLAMS HER INTO THE WALL.
85) 19) dialog: It’s not a FUCKIN’ JOKE! WHO TOLD
85) 24) dialog: You're getting out of here. He starts to resolutely move her.
88) 0) text: Doug, Jem, Dez and Gloansy all prepare for the job. They are DRESSED AS COPS and loading WEAPONS into DUFFEL bags. Doug checks the door and cracks the blinds slightly to look out.
91) 0) text: The four cops emerge with their gear. Doug looks around, all directions. She didn’t come- but she didn’t dime. 104.
92) 0) text: Four cops sitting in a parked Thunderbird. Gloansy at the wheel, Dez beside him, Doug and Jem in back: all wearing COP UNIFORMS. On the RADIO, a reporter is in hysterics over traffic tie-ups. Nervous anticipation is thick inside the car.
92) 2) dialog: Let's go.
93) 0) text: The two rear doors open simultaneously as Doug and Jem exit. Gloansy and Dez remain in the car. Doug and Jem start toward an entrance under the green monster.
94) 0) text: Steadicam, Doug and Jem through the crowd, around the ballpark, into the entrance.
96) 0) text: Jem and Doug proceed to an UNMARKED DOOR. They move through it. It leads into the security tunnels. They down the tunnels.
97) 3) dialog: Who called 911? The Guards peer down the long tunnel. Jem’s hand is on his waist.
97) 11) dialog: Call says you're being held up. Right now. The concerned Guards put their hands on their holsters.
97) 16) dialog: Whoa, whoa! Don’t do that. Doug pushes Eric flat to the ground.
97) 17) dialog: Everybody on the ground now.
97) 18) dialog: For our safety! I want IDs Get down! from everybody.
97) 22) dialog: Gun! Gun! (CONTINUED)
97) 29) dialog: We got fifteen minutes until they bring the cash out of the safe and pack it up for the truck. Jem is staring at GUARD #1. Who is DOUBLED OVER in pain.
98) 0) text: Jem watches over Guard #1 and the others while Doug approaches the money room, it has a steel door and concrete walls. There is a smoked glass window. He has Guard #1. Doug calls loudly to the security guys inside the cash room that cannot be seen but that can hear him.
98) 1) dialog: Arnold Washton! In the cash room. You got a wife, Linda. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
98) 4) dialog: You live at 311 Hazer Street, Quincy -- with three small dogs. Guard #1 looks surprised. DOUG (CONT’D) Also in the cash room: Morton Harford, 27 Counting Lane, Livingston Arms, Randolph -- wife also Linda. Arnold, the Lindas want you to open this door. Nothing from the cash room. DOUG (CONT’D) (to Guard #1, quiet) So much for marriage. (to the door, loud) Arnold, you will not always be behind a steel door. We know where you live, we will come and find you and when we do, you will fuckin’ hate that. CLACK goes the cash room door, opening.
99) 0) text: VALHALLA --BIG BRICKS of CASH- Counting machines. Doug and Jem pull out all the cash. ARNOLD and MORTON are zip tied. Jem dumps off two heavy racks of coins, the rolls BURSTING nickels and dimes to the floor. Jem tosses cash parcels at Doug who bags them. MONEY LOADED on a DOLLY, they set to roll out. Jem and Doug look at each other, loaded up with a HUGE BAG OF MONEY.
100) 1) dialog: They head toward the LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL. Arnold is one of those guys who starts talking when he gets scared. (CONTINUED)
100) 5) dialog: --That’s fine, Arnold. All be over in a minute. Long beat as they roll down the hallway.
100) 7) dialog: There’s only one smart thing my father ever told me, Arnie: anyone can grab money. It’s the getaway-- separates the pros from the cons.
101) 3) dialog: (into walkie-talkie) Did you get the tail car?
101) 7) dialog: Sit over here, you can go right back to sleep. Dez touches the radio wire looped over his ear.
101) 9) dialog: (indicating uniform) We got here just in time.
103) 0) text: Jem and Doug load the money into the follow car. Doug sees something shiny over Jem’s shoulder.
103) 1) dialog: Look out! It’s a small mirror on a long pole poking through a crack in the wall. Doug opens up, SHATTERING the mirror -- DEAFENING. The pole clatters to the floor. The dock suddenly fills with ricocheting fireballs: STARFLASH ROUNDS. Jem FIRES as they take cover. Jem breaks off his empty mag and reloads, cursing. There is ANOTHER EXCHANGE OF GUNFIRE. The HOSTAGES are yelling and screaming. Gloansy peeks out a door.
103) 6) dialog: (to Gloansy) The door! Open the door! Gloansy crawls and HITS the plunger -- the bay door RISING.
105) 0) text: Now that the full tactical team is assembled AND they know there are armed men firing at them from inside, the firing becomes a continuous assault. Jem and Doug are firing back but they recognize that ultimately they are going to be overwhelmed. There will be improvised dialogue to this effect and a lot of shooting from inside the loading dock back out to the tactical guys, with Jem’s rounds being the only thing that keep them at bay. Gloansy darts to the can and lifts Dez over his shoulder - Jem emptying another magazine as cover. (CONTINUED)
107) 5) dialog: The fuck are you doing? Leave it!
108) 0) text: Doug moves back through the tunnel. He opens a door the leads him onto a MAIN CONCOURSE. He walks up some stairs and out a SIDE DOOR.
109) 2) dialog: Two other Cops run past, one YELLING to Doug:
109) 5) dialog: Seeing Frawley, panicked, looking almost childlike trying to pick up and load dirty shells from the gutter. Doug lines up A PERFECT SHOT AT FRAWLEY... Doug tenses, waiting -- but does not take the shot.
110) 0) text: Doug walking almost in a trance, kids staring up at the beat cop. He sees nothing. It starts to rain.
111) 0) text: Doug stops, looking at the storefront window with hatred. 118.
112) 0) text: The bell RINGS over the door as he enters. Doug waits a few airless moments -- Another funeral arrangement lies in the shop--like the one for Claire. -- until Rusty pushes through the black curtain behind the counter. He looks up eyeing the cop like any customer. Then he recognizes Doug’s face. Doug indicates that Rusty should come, in a hushed, secretive manner.
112) 1) dialog: Is Fergie here? Something happened. Rusty comes to the counter and the second he turns his head, Doug puts a GUN to it and PULLS THE TRIGGER, killing him instantly. INT. FLORIST’S BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION The back room is empty. Doug enters, comes to the center of the room. He sees a SMALL DOOR, slightly open, lifts his gun.
112) 2) dialog: (calling out) Fergie, come on out. The door opens and Fergie comes through in his sweatpants, holding a BOSTON HERALD in one hand and a .45 in the other he stands seven or eight feet from Doug.
112) 6) dialog: Fergie, remember who clipped your nuts for you-
113) 12) dialog: Its okay. She is holding his hand, trying to keep pressure on his neck.
113) 14) dialog: (seems distant) No, stay here. Frawley arrives at the open door. Seeing the blood trail on the floor, he draws his SIG-Sauer and moves inside -- -- finding Claire kneeling beside a dying Doug MacRay. Frawley comes up on the other side -- tugging the Beretta from Doug’s holster. Doug just watches him take it.
113) 21) dialog: (to Frawley) She dimed me?
113) 23) dialog: Why’nt you take us at the hotel? Frawley looks at Doug and Claire, confused.
113) 26) dialog: (looking at Claire) I’m sorry.
114) 0) text: Doug is riding next to Claire in the back of the minivan. Gloansey is driving and Jem rides shotgun. Claire’s blind fold is wrapped tight around her face. She is silent. Doug is pressed close to her. Doug looks out the window and sees the BEACH as they approach. He whispers in her ear so that no one else can hear.
114) 1) dialog: I know you’re scared. It’s almost over. You're gonna to be fine.
115) 0) text: Claire has been released from the car but still wears her blindfold. She walks forward on the beach toward the water nervously, unable to see where she’s going. Over this we hear the words Doug has just spoken to her.
115) 1) dialog: Don’t be afraid. Just walk to the water. Until you can feel it on your toes. Her toes touch the water. She pulls at the blindfold, yanking it loose. Looking up she sees a giant AIRLINER FLYING OVERHEAD as it TAKES OFF. Black.