0) 12) dialog: Don’t fight it, Tom. Lay still! They all turn to see East standing in the doorway, concer his friend.
0) 14) dialog: He’s hit the ceiling, Flashman, now let him alone. Flashman surveys East with amusement.
0) 18) dialog: (To Tom) Lie still. (CONTINUED)
0) 36) dialog: Hurry, Tom! But Tom is dazed, doesn’t know where he is. East glances at the door, knows they are about to be caug
0) 37) dialog: Say nothing! East hates to do it but he escapes whilst he has time. A beat. Tom shakes his head, feels the blood trickling from his n He sees the shoes first. Black, shiny, impeccable. Then he looks up the body to the stern eyes of Doctor Arn Rugby staring down at him.
0) 82) dialog: Think of the bread and cheese and punch if we make it.
0) 126) dialog: Tadpole! Tadpole is thrashing about in the river, very frightened.
0) 127) dialog: He can’t swim. Flashman looks nervous now.
0) 129) dialog: He’s going under! Tom sees Tadpole’s head disappear under the surface of th water. Without hesitation Tom runs and jumps into the water, swi across the current towards Tadpole’s flailing hands. East and Flashman watch as Tom reaches Tadpole. But Tadpole is so terrified that he is pulling Tom under East starts sprinting along the river bank, trying to get of his friends. Flashman looks around, makes sure no-one else has seen an this, and then hurriedly slopes away from the scene. East runs ahead of the struggling boys, sees a weir.
0) 130) dialog: Tom! East waves frantically to Tom, indicates the weir. The noise of the crashing weir is terrible. Tom starts to kick his legs hard, dragging Tadpole across current to where East waits, fingers extended. (CONTINUED)
0) 134) dialog: What will we tell him?
0) 144) dialog: We wanted to show the older boys what we could do, sir.
0) 234) dialog: Brooke said we didn’t have to fag for the Fifth. Frobisher knows this is true and can’t go against the mem Brooke.
0) 243) dialog: Us, you fool. Tom is highly amused by this, waves royally. He has never experienced such adulation before and it goes immediately head. East, on the other hand, glances up at Flashman with real knows this isn’t the end of it.
0) 251) dialog: Tom! Tom clutches onto his prize and the two boys run off acro fields to freedom. (CONTINUED)
0) 256) text: The school house is full of boys being taught by differen Masters in different parts of the room. Tom and East are struggling to pronounce their Greek as t chant with their colleagues. Suddenly everyone stands and Tom looks around: Doctor Arnold has come into the School House and he is no alone. The Farmer is with him. Tom and East freeze in horror. Arnold looks very stern, v angry. Arnold walks through the School Room with the Farmer, the looking at every boy in turn with fierce concentration. He looks hard at East. But he’s obviously not convinced a about to move on when he catches Tom’s face. The Farmer recognises Tom and he points a finger at him.
0) 292) text: All the boys, from the smallest to the largest, are gathe the school house for a riotous night of drinking and reve Tom is the centre of attention, chewing on a chicken wing to East. Tom is a real product of old Rugby now, scruffy bolshy. In The background a small, timid new boy - WESTON - is tr sing his song, the candles burning his hands, being pelte the other boys. FROBISHER, HUBAND and several other members of the Sixth in, serious-faced but barely noticed in the mayhem. Weston falters, in tears, and is made to drink the salt w loud cheers.
0) 302) dialog: Shame! Tom and East’s set is starting to get rowdy, fuelled by b The Prefects call for silence again.
0) 468) dialog: Leave him alone, Flashman. A nod from Flashman and several members of the Fifth grab and throw him out of the School House and shut the door. (CONTINUED)
0) 503) text: East and Tom are stuffing the last of their belongings in their bags..
0) 504) dialog: Try and behave yourself in dull old Berkshire. Weston runs into the dorm.
0) 506) dialog: What have you done now?
0) 579) text: Tom, East, Tadpole, Green etc are undressing for bed. Arthur is half-undressed, but staring at the other boys.
0) 584) dialog: Why does he have to have my bed?
0) 620) dialog: Catch it! Tom sees that the fielder nearest the ball is Arthur but not even following the game, he’s standing in the outfiel reading Greek.
0) 684) dialog: He’s weird, that’s all there is to it.
0) 686) dialog: He should be in an asylum not a school.
0) 699) dialog: No.
0) 715) dialog: Don’t do it again. Tom sees Tadpole panting into the corridor, knows instant something is wrong.
0) 716) dialog: What is it, Tadpole?
0) 751) dialog: Fight with your head. He’s bigger than you are but he’s unfit. Don’t go steaming in, just jab, jab, wait for your moment. Speedicot walks forward.
0) 753) dialog: With your head, Tom, keep outside his range and - But Tom hasn’t listened to a word. He goes directly for F and lands a barrage of blows to the astonished young man’ East shakes his head. The younger boys cheer, love seeing Flashman getting hit. Angry, Flashman retaliates with some nasty slogs of his o
0) 754) dialog: Feet, Tom!
0) 763) dialog: Go on, Tom!
0) 766) dialog: (Outraged) No, it’s not! Flashman staggers back to Speedicot and his corner, his d clothes spattered in blood.
0) 767) dialog: You’ve got him, Tom! He’s blowing like a whale. Just don’t be in a hurry, wait for your opening. Tom nods, spits out his water, pink with his own blood. Flashman is in a bad way and doesn’t fancy much more. (CONTINUED)
0) 785) dialog: He’s yours, Tom! Flashman slips his hand into his pocket and comes out wit knuckle-dusters slipped onto his fist. He smacks Tom in the face and the brass cuts into Tom’s s forehead. East is alarmed.
0) 786) dialog: Tom? Now Flashman has the advantage and a flurry of right-hook the brass slamming into Tom’s face, blood bursting everyw Tom’s legs wobble and he goes down. East is quickly at his side, not noticing Flashman slippi knuckle-dusters into his pocket.
0) 787) dialog: Are you alright, Tom? Tom? Tom is barely conscious.
0) 843) text: Tom, East, Tadpole, Green and the others are all sat in t desks. Smith is at the master’s table, declaiming Greek to the distracted boys. Tom looks over at Arthur’s empty seat. Little Weston comes into the School House with a note and boy watches him walk up to Smith with trepidation. Smith takes the note and reads it.
0) 897) dialog: I’m thinking duck, duck you fool and he whacks it over square leg like he was swatting a fly! The laughter stops as Doctor Arnold comes into the room a all stand. Tom and East look at each other, have never seen Arnold h a meal time. (CONTINUED)