0) 84) dialog: The hares have been given a six minute start. Any fellow that comes in within fifteen minutes of them will dine at the “Hop Pole” tonight. sees Tom, East and Tadpole arrive.
0) 85) dialog: Aren’t you three a bit young?
0) 88) dialog: We're off! The runners - Tom, East and Tadpole included - start spri off in the direction of the open countryside.
0) 92) dialog: Forward! Again the stronger runners sprint ahead. Tom has to cajole East and Tadpole to keep up.
0) 226) dialog: (Out Of Vision) What in God’s name is happening here?! East and Tom open the window, gulp in the fresh air.
0) 227) dialog: (Out Of Vision) Open the door, Brown! Tom and East unbolt the door and open it. Flashman glares in at them, standing next to Speedicot an others of the Fifth.
0) 228) dialog: (To Flashman) You could have burnt the school down, you idiot.
0) 235) dialog: He’s right. Now cut along, Flashman, and no more fagging until you’re in the Sixth. Flashman just smiles his smile.
0) 237) dialog: (To East and Tom) You two clean that mess up. Frobisher moves off, leaving Tom and East to grin at each
0) 244) dialog: Silence! Silence! The cheers die down but Tom has had his first taste of re popularity and he likes it. He really likes it.
0) 292) text: All the boys, from the smallest to the largest, are gathe the school house for a riotous night of drinking and reve Tom is the centre of attention, chewing on a chicken wing to East. Tom is a real product of old Rugby now, scruffy bolshy. In The background a small, timid new boy - WESTON - is tr sing his song, the candles burning his hands, being pelte the other boys. FROBISHER, HUBAND and several other members of the Sixth in, serious-faced but barely noticed in the mayhem. Weston falters, in tears, and is made to drink the salt w loud cheers.
0) 293) dialog: Silence! Silence in here! The other Prefects smash their sticks down for the silenc finally arrives.
0) 294) dialog: This afternoon I had a discussion with the Doctor when he made plain his displeasure with School House -
0) 296) dialog: - and he informed me that from now on all his reforms must be met without further obstruction. There will be no more gambling in School House. Boos from the boys. (CONTINUED)
0) 299) dialog: Any boy found gambling will be reported to me and thrashed. After that he will go straight to the Doctor. (CONTINUED)
0) 303) dialog: There will be no more drinking of any sort. Any boy found distilling or brewing alcohol will be instantly sent down by the Doctor. The boys start to murmur with discontent.
0) 305) dialog: I’d ask you not to forget who you’re talking about, Brown.
0) 307) dialog: (Furious, to his Prefects) Get him out. The Prefects wade in to remove Tom from the assembly but friends pull him back. There is an ugly little scrummage, a few punches are thro few canes swished down on young limbs.
0) 308) dialog: Stop this! Stop this at once! Mayhem in the old School House. Flashman watches all this, fascinated, not sure which way turn. He looks over at Frobisher, who looks really worrie
0) 325) dialog: Come on! We must restore order! Frobisher starts towards the rioting school but realises others are hanging back. (CONTINUED)
0) 328) dialog: Come on! 57 52A.
0) 330) text: Reluctantly Huband and the others run towards the school Frobisher. INT - RUGBY SCHOOL/ARNOLD’S STUDY - NIGHT A furious Arnold paces the floor of his study.
0) 333) text: Frobisher stands before him, nervous, shocked, his face c bruised from the struggle.
0) 335) dialog: Yes, sir.
0) 337) dialog: I can do it, sir.
0) 339) dialog: Hard to say, sir. As you know some of your reforms are universally disliked by the - (CONTINUED)
0) 343) dialog: Brown was a little more vocal than some of the others, Headmaster.
0) 345) dialog: Yes, sir.
0) 776) dialog: Brown and Flashman are fighting, sir.
0) 778) dialog: Something to do with young Arthur, sir. You know, the new boy. Shall I go and stop it, sir? A beat as Arnold considers.