3) 1) text: Paul looks around dizzily for orientation. Dense forest o three sides. Beside him, a steep embankment and at its crest, he sees something. A passing CAR? A road? He takes a few steps, clearly intent to make the climb, t notices something on his bare chest. A leech. He plucks i away. And sees another. And another. He’s covered in them He panics, tearing them off his flesh with wild-eyed disg each bloated leech leaving behind an oozing wound.
4) 0) text: Paul reaches the summit, his heart pounding in his head. world is spinning as he limps, delirious, into the road.. WHAP! A school bus smashes through Paul, instantly liquefying him and exploding his contents over the front grill. His remains are shotput twenty yards, then cartwhe down the embankment and SPLASH land back into the stream. The bus wheels screech as the vehicle skids to a stop. Th road fills with the sound of SCREAMING CHILDREN.
19) 0) text: Winston stands with the two rangers, gazing down at the r pulp that used to be Paul, dissolving in the stream.
20) 0) text: PAUL lies in the back seat as Winston drives, intermitten sipping from a beer.
20) 1) dialog: (voice croaking, dying) I need... water...
21) 0) text: Paul lies in the stream. END FLASHBACK.
30) 107) dialog: Please stay inside. Val moves inside and closes the door, All the kids move t the patio door - still covered in blood. Doug PUNCHES Weber, distraught.
30) 113) dialog: (into his walkie) Looks like-- what happened to the other kid. Yes, we’ do that.
30) 116) dialog: Did anybody leave the premises?
30) 119) dialog: Son, stay back. I need to know--
30) 121) dialog: 
30) 124) dialog: Good. Get in the house Now. 42.
30) 132) dialog: They’re inside. I got men, front and back. Real mess by the pool, (looking, confused) Isn’t there a Medical team?
30) 134) dialog: Jesus.
30) 136) dialog: I gotta tell you, it was hard pulling my weapon. These kids; it’s still a small town -- Officer Paul‘’s eyes shift as several AGENTS carrying hig powered RIFLES walk past.
30) 180) dialog: Ridge, he’s likely perfectly healthy...! Agent Ridge shrugs, unaffected.
30) 181) dialog: (to himself) Go back inside, kid. EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, PATIO - CONTINUOUS Jimmy looks around. EVERYONE has gathered at the sliding glass doors to stare. He takes another few steps.
32) 0) text: Winston has dismantled the screen mesh that separates the back and front seats. He is squeezed behind the driver’s seat, his legs buttressed against the front windshield. H pushes with all his might. Nothing. He takes a quick sip from a hip flask he keeps tucked within his jacket, and tries again. The seal around the window FLEXES slightly. EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - NIGHT officer Paul stands beside Agent Ridge, still surveying t scene from their elevated vantage point. BELOW: Two OFFICERS in Bichazard Suits are retrieving Jimmy’s body from the jacuzzi, and carefully sealing him plastic sheeting. ON THE STREET BEYOND: several cars -- a stationwagon, a N Van, and several sedans -- pull up to the barricades.
32) 1) dialog: You’ve got company. (Ridge follows his gaze) (MORE )
32) 2) text: OFFICER PAUL (cont'd) Parents and local media. This should be interesting. Ridge frowns. Officer Paul notices something else.
32) 3) dialog: Who’s that? BELOW: WINSTON has SHATTERED the windshield of the SUV in which he was imprisoned, and is crawling out acrosa the h Several PARENTS and a NEWS TEAM rush towards him! AGENT RIDGE (CONT’D) Fuck. EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, STREET — NIGHT Winston is addressing a small gathering: Sargeant Frank (Sham’s hotheaded dad), Dr. Viola, (Doug’s dad), Zach’s M and Dad and several other PARENTS. The NEWS CREW is ROLLING camera. Winston ig wildly disoriented, but can’t help milk being the unexpected cen of attention. ZACH’S DAD Do you think the kids are safe?
36) 129) dialog: This is total chaos. ZACH’S DAD Is there anything we can do?
36) 130) dialog: Pray.
38) 5) dialog: Where’s our power, Lopez? 84.
42) 2) dialog: Stand down. We’ll intercept on the ground.
42) 4) dialog: Ridge is indisposed. Stand down.