2) 155) text: A younger man, Andy, stands besdie him, looking around in mildly agitated fashion.
2) 156) text: As the money emerges, Andy assaults and robs the man. He by smashinf the victim's face repeatedly against the cash dispenser until the Perspex is smeared with blood. When h final finished and the man lies on the ground, Andy takes money and the card from the slots, then gets into a car w pulled up alongside, driven by Tim.
2) 563) text: Tim hauls the Man's head out of the bath. His legs and ar bound with cord. Andy sits on a chair, watching.
2) 596) text: From the landing we can see along the floor into the bath The Man's legs extend away from the bath. They are comple still. Andy and Tim stand beside them, looking down.
2) 598) dialog: You stupid bastard.
2) 696) text: In the garage there is a car, gardening equipment, severa of fertilizer and a trunk-style deep freeze, on the lid o sit Andy and Tim. Tim takes out a cigarette and offers on Andy, who declines.
2) 699) text: The Man begins to whisper inaudibly. Andy moves his head he can hear the whisper. He listens, then nods approvingl
2) 700) text: They push him down again and close the lid. Andy holds th while Tim dumps the sacks of fertilizer on top.
3) 314) text: Tim and Andy stand outside the door.
3) 317) text: Alex, slightly puzzled, fixes the security chains before the door. As soon as he opens it, the door is kicked wide the security chains break off. Tim and Andy enter the fla
3) 319) text: At the end of this Andy stands in front of Alex holding a crowbar. Swiftly and without warning, he cracks it across shins. Then Andy slowly puts one one end of the crowbar i Alex's mouth. For a moment he does nothing, then just as again, he takes the crowbar out.
3) 346) text: Andy has heard the single thud. He strains to hear anythi but does not. Slowly he backs away to the door of the liv room, keeping the crowbar trained on Alex as he does so. back and up towards the trapdoor.
3) 349) text: Once again a small pool of light emanates from the open t Andy emerges into the front of this, crowbar in hand, pee into the darkness. Carefully he stands up and moves out o light and steps across the beams. His foot strikes someth he looks down. Tim's body lies spread-eagled beneath him. looks up. To one side of him is the brass light switch. A lifts his arm, reaches towards it and switches it on. Spa out for a moment and then the light comes on for a fracti second, long enough for Andy to see David's face is only  centimetres from his own.
3) 352) text: Alex and Juliet are bound together as before. There is a thud from the ceiling, following by a few heavy steps. Th Andy's body falls headfirst through the trapdoor, straigh to the floor below, landing awkwardly and coming to rest head hanging back, looking towards Alex and Juliet. Andy one agonal breath and dies. Blood trickles from the side mouth.
3) 353) text: Tim's body lands on Andy.