82) 1) dialog: How's Mr. Palmgren doing? I was told he had a stroke of some kind. (nothing from Salander)
82) 3) dialog: What exactly do you do at this security company?
82) 5) dialog: But not full-time. Not even part- time consistently. They somehow got along without coffee or mail in July and August? Nothing from her.
82) 6) dialog: How much do you earn there?
82) 8) dialog: How much is your rent?
82) 11) text: I pay my rent. BJURMAN
82) 13) text: Never. BJURMAN
82) 14) text: Do you think that ring in your eyelid makes you attractive? Salander, who's had to suffer insufferable officials all her life, doesn't dignify the question with an answer. BJURMAN
82) 16) text: It isn't a discrepancy or a problem. It was clear to him I could manage my own finances. BJURMAN
82) 18) text: I'm not a child. BJURMAN
82) 23) dialog: If the numbers don't balance, I'll have to assume the difference is going to drugs.
82) 25) dialog: No. You've been a persistent burden to the State since you were twelve. She won't look at him any more - not that there's anything even remotely interesting to see if she did.
82) 26) dialog: Ms. Salander? Please look at me. Because this is important. She does ... in a way that says, I'd like to kill you.
82) 27) dialog: This behavior you're displaying right now is elaborately documented here - (in the file)
92) 0) text: As Bjurman reviews a McJesus invoice, Salander waits. The thick atmosphere reminds her of all the others she has sat in with school principals, shrinks and cops.
92) 1) dialog: Have you ever had an STD? (nothing from her)
92) 6) text: (nothing) How many partners have you had in the last month? (nothing) How many were men? That last one seems to amuse him; none amuse her. BJURMAN
92) 8) text: Write down anything you want. Bjurman sighs. Sets the form aside and looks at the McJesus invoice again. BJURMAN
92) 10) text: For work. BJURMAN
92) 12) text: I shouldn't even have to ask. I should have control of my money like before. BJURMAN
92) 13) text: And you will. Once you show me you can be sociable and get along with people. Can you do that? (nothing from her) Shall we start with me? (pause) Shall we start now? As he comes around the desk, she eyes a sharp letter opener sticking out above some pens in a coffee mug a child has painted with the word, `daddy.' BJURMAN
92) 14) text: If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. That's how normal people are. He stands in front of her, his crotch at her eye level. BJURMAN
92) 19) dialog: (she doesn't do anything)
92) 21) dialog: You feel that? That's gaberdine. Unzip them. (she does)
93) 0) text: Salander eats some toothpaste in Bjurman's private bathroom. When she returns to the office, she finds him calmly writing a check.
93) 1) dialog: Here you go.   As promised. He holds it out to her, but when she reaches for it, pulls it back a little.
93) 2) dialog: I know you're not thinking about telling anyone about our date. Enjoy your computer games. She takes the check and leaves.
100) 1) dialog: Yes?
101) 1) dialog: Come on in.
102) 1) dialog: Like it?
102) 3) dialog: It's home. (pause) So, what do you need money for this time? Grand Theft Auto 5?
102) 6) dialog: How are you? Been thinking about last time? Decided you wanted to see me again?
102) 11) dialog: Well, let's see if I can help you out with that. He walks to the hallway. She doesn't. He holds out his hand. She finally joins him. As they step into the bedroom, he roughly pushes her toward the bed.
102) 13) dialog: Is there a problem?
102) 15) dialog: It's so cute when you do that surly thing. Take my hand She reaches out to it and before she can react, there's a handcuff around the wrist. He quickly cuffs the other to his own wrist. This is bad. She tries to get out. He gets her in a strangle hold and chokes her into unconsciousness.
103) 1) dialog: Please.   I have neighbors. He lights a couple candles.   Switches on some New Age music.
103) 2) dialog: What we're going to do now is teach you the value of money. He watches her struggle. But she's not going anywhere. He tears open a condom package with his teeth.
103) 6) dialog: I forget - did I ask you before if you liked anal sex? He crams a pillow under her stomach and climbs on top of her. She keeps fighting but there's not much she can do handcuffed. Eventually, she retreats to another place inside herself. She's had to go here before in her life; it's the only place to go in such situations.
105) 0) text: Dawn light outside the living room window. Bjurman, at his dining table with a glass of orange juice, writing out a check. In the bedroom, Salander slips on her leather jacket, shoulders her backpack, hobbles out to the living room.
105) 1) dialog: I'll drive you home.
105) 3) dialog: Are you sure? It's bizarre: his manner seems to be one of genuine concern. She nods. He hands her the check. Then opens the door for her like a perfect gentleman.
105) 4) dialog: So, next Saturday, here?