34) 0) text: The same photograph of Harriet in a photo album Vanger shows Blomkvist.
34) 6) text: Now, Gottfried - Harriet's father - was what people used to call a Good- Time-Charlie. BLOMKVIST
34) 12) text: His wife Isabella - who was pretty much useless before as a parent - became even more so after his death - which is when I began looking after their children - Martin - who runs Vanger Industries now that I'm retired - and Harriet.
34) 15) text: A photo of a much younger Vanger and 15-year-old Harriet.
38) 0) text: And we see the parade, and, among the spectators lining the town's main street, Harriet with other teenage girls.
39) 0) text: A clock in the room reads, 2:10.    Vanger and a few fami members sip afternoon cocktails.    Harriet appears.
43) 0) text: Anna glances to Harriet as she comes in, then back out the window to the bridge. Harriet passes a clock that reads 2:35, steps outside, walks toward the woods ...
70) 14) text: Oh, how you'll wish were it always so. Soon you'll know us all only too well - with my apologies. (points) Out there is my nephew Martin's house; Harriet's brother. It's a modern house - lots of glass - out on the point. BLOMKVIST
70) 19) text: He was 19 when Harriet disappeared. Old enough, Blomkvist gathers, to be considered a suspect. Vanger points off - VANGER
75) 0) text: A purse on the desk in Harriet's room. Morell carefully removes the contents: Comb, pocket mirror, handkerchief, wallet containing a few kronor, her ID, and her address book. He leafs through this.
80) 20) text: They're local Hedestad phone numbers. The first belonged to a woman named Margot, whose mother was Magda, who claimed she didn't know Harriet. The fourth, R.L., belonged to Rosemarie Larsson, an elderly woman who died a few years before. The other three were unconnected in any way that I could find. He hands the address book back. It, and everything else about the case, clearly trouble him still. BLOMKVIST
86) 19) text: You know about Harriet, right? Blomkvist doesn't say.    The sound of the wind stops.
86) 30) text: Don't put that in your book. Anything else is fine. Harriet certainly. Everything changed after that. Not just the family, but the company. BLOMKVIST
88) 10) text: So, what you're saying is, you're not really here to look into what happened to Harriet. Silence.   Then - BLOMKVIST
88) 13) text: Since we're talking about it, since you brought it up, what was Harriet like? CECILIA
104) 0) text: The cat turns its head to a sound Blomkvist can't hear. He has Harriet's box of belongings out again and looks at photos of her school friends in her wallet. Then picks up the Bible. Handwritten on the inside cover is Harriet Vanger. He opens it at random. Hebrews:
104) 1) dialog: Faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. Through faith we understand that the world was created by the word of God - and that what is seen was not made of things that are visible ... He sets it down. Rubs his eyes. Everything - his daughter, his life, this cabin, the word of God - is depressing.