2) 0) text: An elderly man who lives alone in this rustic cabin - a retired policeman - regards the phone, both expecting and dreading the call. He picks up the receiver.
17) 0) text: Blomkvist isn't sentimental, but does have a few framed snapshots: his daughter, his sister, and one with Erika - in their 20's - in which he's wearing a black leather jacket. She wakes up alone in his bed. Pads to the darkened living room to find him typing on his laptop, a half- eaten sandwich and glass of water next to it.
32) 0) text: She exhumes an unwashed bowl from a sinkful of dirty dishes, fills it with tap water without rinsing it, dumps a packet of ramen noodles in, puts it in a microwave. She takes a Coke can from an anemically-stocked fridge to a desk in her so-called living room, a clutter of full ashtrays, fast food wrappers, empty soda cans, paperwork, unwashed laundry. The only things of any value here are her MacBook and several external hard drives. NOTE:   Changes below are INSERTS only:
70) 8) text: Cecilia's brother Birger lives there.
70) 20) text: He lives over there. Shivering in the cold, Blomkvist turns. BLOMKVIST
70) 21) text: And you live here. VANGER
72) 0) text: Tacked to a wall, a map of the island on which Blomkvist has written the names of the living Vanger family members and staff in the approximate locations of their houses. Next to it - 3x5 cards and photos - a Vanger family tree which doubles as a suspects list. On some of the cards is the word, `deceased.' He makes a sandwich. Refills a coffee cup. Begins reading the police reports. The first is a photocopy of a note when the call from Vanger came in: "Officer Morell informed by telephone of situation, 10:19 p.m."
74) 0) text: Morell, feeling like he's entered an Agatha Christie locked room mystery, regards the extended Vanger clan sitting in the living room looking suitably worried.
84) 1) dialog: Mikael? (he manages a nod)
85) 4) dialog: I found him at death's door halfway up the hill.
86) 0) text: The place is far cry from Vanger's manor. It's modern. Martin, Liv and Blomkvist work on the dinner Martin has prepared. Soft jazz music issues from somewhere.
86) 1) dialog: I used to work in the company's petrochemical division in Goteborg. When it was sold, I went with it.
86) 3) dialog: I live in Hong Kong now, but come back to Stockholm for family events, and when I do, I drive up to spend a couple days with Martin.
86) 8) dialog: I saw you on Sky News a while ago.
86) 12) text: That was a dark day. LIV
86) 14) text: It's okay. There are worse things than libel - though I can't immediately think of one in my business. LIV
86) 16) text: Henrik's biography. LIV
86) 20) dialog: You don't?
86) 24) dialog: Harriet. Martin doesn't comment.    Just nods.    Silence.   Then
86) 28) text: We can talk about it now. (Blomkvist glances to Liv) Liv knows everything about my crazy family. Which is why she'll never marry me. LIV
102) 0) text: She takes in the layout quickly: living room, dining area, kitchen, short hallway to a closed door.
105) 0) text: Dawn light outside the living room window. Bjurman, at his dining table with a glass of orange juice, writing out a check. In the bedroom, Salander slips on her leather jacket, shoulders her backpack, hobbles out to the living room.