9) 0) text: Sprinters dart by.  Here comes BRANDON.  Several months h passed.  Big ass brace on his leg.  A GIRL'S TRACK TEAM b past like a herd of gazelles.  BRANDON presses on, posses
24) 4) text: loves elephants.  Your circus has 10, I only want one, my little girl's happiness is in your ha
43) 20) text: BRANDON glances at a nearby table, catches the eye of a s GIRL sandwiched between two middle-aged, overweight MEN. catches the eye contact before she looks away.  The GIRL bored as the two big men heartily chow down.
43) 45) text: The GIRL glides by their table.  Heads up a flight of sta
43) 54) dialog: (stepping past) Excuse me.  
43) 56) dialog: You just want to get into my pants.
43) 58) text: Beat.  This could go either way before -- the GIRL smiles
43) 63) text: BRANDON and the GIRL all over each other and -- 
44) 0) text: 40th floor of a luxury high rise.  In the darkness, BRAND seen naked on a big bed, GIRL straddling him, body rising falling, pace quickening, back arching.  BRANDON looks up silhouetted against the floor-to-ceiling windows -- city sparkling all around and -- 
72) 6) text: The CAMERA tracks TONI through the apartment.  Down the h Voices heard.  A man and woman as -- WALTER emerges from office with a CALL GIRL.  He's pulling bills from his wal
72) 10) dialog: Thanks, Walter.  Talk to ya.
83) 0) text: NOVIAN and BRANDON regard a group of GIRLS lounging tople a pool.
87) 0) text: Big breasts, G-strings, testosterone.  BRANDON in a booth a topless BLACK GIRL.  We can see from his moves it's the Dollar Man talking.  Drinking Dom.  Flashing cash.  He wh something to her.  She reaches for her top as he grabs th of her topless FRIEND and --
88) 0) text: DARKNESS.  A light goes on, illuminates a cave-like bedro MUSIC from the club rumbles through the space, reduced to driving bass beat.  The ASIAN GIRL pulls an outrageous wa cash from BRANDON'S pocket, tosses it confetti-like in th as -- BRANDON, the ASIAN GIRL and the BLACK GIRL fall on gold lame sheets.  Clothes are peeled off, money sticking their bodies, GIRLS clawing the cash from BRANDON'S skin
88) 2) text: Black girL (kissing his neck, hands roving) What's it feel like to do what you do?  To win like that? BRANDON flips her over, leans in from behind.
88) 5) text: (the GIRL moans, reacting to something unseen) Sunday's like penetration and the games have started and are scoring and 
89) 0) text: 25 SALESMEN stand on their desks, clapping, as BRANDON pa through on the way to his office.  Only it's John Anthony strutting through the room, high-fiving SALESMEN, kissing GIRLS, a tanned, tailored, magnetic presence and --
94) 0) text: Up-scale.  BRANDON sits at the end of the rail, empty gla lined before him, watching a wall TV with the sound off. Night Football's on.  His glazed expression suggests it's a long three hours.  PATRONS around him socialize, laugh, the bar's oasis-like vibe.  But for BRANDON, it's just hi the game as -- a GIRL approaches, big smile.
94) 2) dialog: Oh my God -- Brandon! BRANDON glances up, quickly goes back to watching the gam
94) 4) text: Girl Oh come on, I know you remember -- two weeks ago, Aqua -- Heather.