12) 0) text: ASSISTANTS frantically push clothing rails out of the way EDITORS race into their office. ANDY peers in. One of the EDITORS changes from kitten hee to sky-high stilettos... ...another pulls on a body shaper under her dress... ...another hurriedly dumps the remains of her breakfast - some cubes of cantaloupe -- into the trash...
29) 0) text: MIRANDA is standing by the door to her office as LUCIA, a beautiful Brazilian woman who is one of the Senior Editor walks in with a couple of FASHION ASSISTANTS.
37) 13) text: And indeed ANDY can see EDITORS running in and out of the offices, rack of clothes and accessories flying.
82) 0) text: Another town car pulls up and NIGEL, LUCIA, JOCELYN and s of the other Runway editors and assistants pile out.
83) 9) text: And her tone is very remote. And now we can see JAMES rea start to quake. MIRANDA arranges herself on the Mies daybed, legs folded, ramrod straight. The other RUNWAY editors -- NIGEL, JOCEL and LUCIA and their assistants, stand behind MIRANDA. JAMES and his people stand off to the side as a few fit MODELS begin walking out in various outfits.
88) 0) text: An editorial ASSISTANT brings ANDY The Book. It's heavy.
149) 0) text: Backstage at a fashion show where the models are undressi and changing... MIRANDA hobnobs with designers, editors and celebrities a ANDY is right there beside her.
173) 1) dialog: You know our pay is crap.
173) 6) dialog: Your clips were excellent. That thing on the janitor's union... that's exactly what we do here.
173) 8) dialog: My only question is... Runway? What the hell kind of blip was that?
173) 10) dialog: That's not what I hear.
173) 12) dialog: I called over there for a reference, left word with some snooty girl, next thing you know I got a fax from Miranda Priestly herself--
173) 14) dialog: ...saying that of all the assistants she had, you were by far her biggest disappointment.
173) 16) dialog: And that if I don't hire you I'm an idiot.
173) 18) dialog: You must have done something right.