74) 2) text: She points to a handsome man by the window. JAMES HOLT, o of the top designers, 40's, muscular, tan, impeccable. ANDY walks over to him.
74) 7) dialog: You must be the new Emily. Let me see.
74) 9) dialog: Open-woven leather, pieced by hand and finished with a suede trim. Who made this fantastic thing?
74) 11) dialog: Duh.
74) 13) dialog: It's a sketch of Miranda's dress for the benefit, the centerpiece of my spring collection. Top secret stuff.
74) 16) dialog: Come on. You work for Miranda, you must be in desperate need of hard liquor.
74) 18) dialog: (to the BARTENDER) She'll have the punch. (hands her the punch) It's deadly. Have fun!
75) 0) text: We see MIRANDA, studying the sketches JAMES sent over, sp out in the folio.
83) 0) text: MIRANDA walks in. JAMES is standing there with his staff his Public Relations team. JAMES is clearly buzzing.
83) 1) dialog: Miranda. Great to see you.
83) 5) dialog: You got the sketches for your dress.
83) 9) text: And her tone is very remote. And now we can see JAMES rea start to quake. MIRANDA arranges herself on the Mies daybed, legs folded, ramrod straight. The other RUNWAY editors -- NIGEL, JOCEL and LUCIA and their assistants, stand behind MIRANDA. JAMES and his people stand off to the side as a few fit MODELS begin walking out in various outfits.
83) 10) dialog: This season I started to think about the intersection of East and West...
83) 11) text: No one in the room watches anything except -- MIRANDA'S reaction. As JAMES speaks, we dissolve from outfit to outfit. JAMES trying desperately to impress MIRANDA. He's practically t dancing.
83) 12) dialog: I didn't want to do, say, a blonde in a kimono. It's more about capturing the Eastern sensibility in the Western woman. Kind of Uma Thurman in Kill Bill in a kick ass dress with an obi belt. The modern woman as Geisha meets rock star, with a little Desperate Housewives thrown in.
83) 14) dialog: And this, of course, is the dress we're making for you.
83) 18) dialog: A lush Asian fabric, tailored, but with a bit of movement to work against the modernism. And suddenly, there it is, the kiss of death. The dreaded pursing of the lips.
124) 7) text: Just then MIRANDA walks in. She's wearing the awkward dre from JAMES'S sketches, made over to perfection. EMILY and ANDY rush over to MIRANDA. QUICK CUTS at the ball. ANDY and EMILY stand at MIRANDA's side as she fields greetings. EMILY whispers to MIRANDA.
166) 4) text: JAMES smiles at her, raises a glass of champagne.
166) 21) text: She smiles at JAMES.