12) 6) text: Ron on his feet, Black Fist in the air with The Crowd. Patrice on Stage with Kwame Ture with her Fist raised too The Shouting and Chanting finally cease, as Patrice speak 
12) 8) text: PANDEMONIUM! As Kwame Ture walks onto a small raised stag with Patrice. The entire place rises to their Feet, Fists Raised, Clapping, Shouting "Ungawa Black Power!" Ron watc as Patrice and Kwame hug. Patrice sits on Stage with Odet and Hakeem. 
12) 13) dialog: ...I'm here to tell you this evening it is time for you to stop running away from being Black. You are College Students, you should think.
12) 14) dialog: It is time for you to understand that you as The growing Intellectuals of this Country, you must define Beauty for Black People, Now that's Black Power. 
12) 19) dialog: Your Nose is Boss, your Lips are Thick, your skin is Black, you are Black and you are Beautiful! 
12) 21) dialog: We want to be like The White people that oppress us in this Country and since they hate us, we hate ourselves. You dig Tarzan? I remember that when I was a Boy I used to go see Tarzan Movies on Saturdays. I loved me some Jane too. Jane was A Fine White Woman. White Tarzan used to Beat up The Black Natives. I would sit there yelling "Kill The Beasts, Kill The Savages, Kill 'Em!" Actually I was saying: "Kill Me." It was as if a Jewish Boy watched Nazis taking Jews off to Concentration Camps and cheered them on. Today, I want The Chief to beat The Hell out of Tarzan and send him back to The Caves of Europe. But it takes time to become Free of The Lies and their shaming effect on Black Minds. It takes time to reject the most Important Lie: that Black People inherently can't do the same things White People can do unless White People help them.
12) 25) dialog: If a White Man wants to Lynch Me, that's his Problem. If he's got The Power to Lynch Me, that's My Problem. Racism is not a question of Attitude; it's a question of Power. 
12) 27) dialog: The vast majority of Negroes in this Country live in Captive Communities and must endure their conditions of Oppression because and only because they are Black and Powerless. Now We are being shot down like Dogs in the streets by White Racist Police. We can no longer accept this Oppression without retribution. The War in Vietnam is Illegal and Immoral. I'd rather see a Brother Kill a Cop than Kill a Vietnamese. At least he's got a reason for Killing The Cop. When you Kill a Vietnamese you're a Hero and you don't even know why you Killed him. At least if you Kill a Cop you're doing it for a reason. 
13) 5) dialog: In closing I know it's getting late, may I leave you Sista's and Brothers with these Last Words. "If I am not for myself, who will be? If I am for myself alone, who am I? If not now, when? And if not you, who?" We need an Undying Love for Black People wherever We may be. Good Night and POWER TO THE PEOPLE, POWER TO THE PEOPLE. 
13) 6) text: The BLACK MASS STANDS AS ONE WITH KWAME TURE. 
13) 7) dialog: ALL POWER TO ALL THE PEOPLE ALL POWER TO ALL THE PEOPLE ALL POWER TO ALL THE PEOPLE 
16) 4) dialog: Thank you for your support, Brother. 