11) 9) text: Patrice gives Ron a good look summing him up.
12) 4) text: As Jabbo makes his Drink, something catches Ron's Eye. Patrice exits through a door with several Black Bodyguard 
12) 5) text: Ron observes as a Tall figure comes out from Backstage wi Patrice, ODETTA and HAKEEM. The Tall figure hangs back covered by The Bodyguards. 
12) 6) text: Ron on his feet, Black Fist in the air with The Crowd. Patrice on Stage with Kwame Ture with her Fist raised too The Shouting and Chanting finally cease, as Patrice speak 
12) 8) text: PANDEMONIUM! As Kwame Ture walks onto a small raised stag with Patrice. The entire place rises to their Feet, Fists Raised, Clapping, Shouting "Ungawa Black Power!" Ron watc as Patrice and Kwame hug. Patrice sits on Stage with Odet and Hakeem. 
13) 8) text: Caught up in the moment, Ron gathers himself, as if remembering why he is here. Kwame takes Patrice's Hand an raises it in Celebration and Unity! 
14) 1) text: Ron moves down the Greeting Line for Kwame. He watches as Patrice stands near him. Kwame pulls her in close, whispe something in her ear. She smiles, a bit smitten. 
17) 1) text: Ron is waiting outside as Patrice steps out, followed by Odetta and Hakeem. Ron nears her. 
18) 1) text: Black folks are dancing, getting down. At the bar, Ron lo at his watch having been there a while. He finishes his R and Coke with Lime watching the door open but it is not Patrice. He decides to call it a Night, stepping off his stool, paying his Tab to BRO POPE, The Bartender when... 
18) 3) text: Patrice is right there near him. She flops down on the Ba stool, exhausted, and lights up a Kool Cigarette. 
18) 5) text: Patrice says to Bro Pope, The BARTENDER.
19) 1) text: Patrice's Car is pulled over and a Uniformed Cop gets out Squad Car revealing Master Patrolman Landers. He instruct them all with his hand on his Revolver. 
19) 2) dialog: We're tired of Police Brutality. We're tired of Police Murdering Black Folks. 
19) 4) text: Kwame, Patrice, Hakeem, and Odetta climb out of the vehic Landers pushes Kwame against the Car. 
19) 6) text: Kwame, Patrice, Hakeem and Odetta are all Spread Eagle against the Car. Master Patrolman Landers pats them down. Another Police Cruiser pulls up. TWO MORE COPS, SHARPE an CINCER, both White 50's, get out and observe. 
19) 8) text: He takes Extra Time patting down Patrice getting some "Groping" in for Good Measure.
19) 10) text: Cincer and Sharpe enter Patrice's Car, searching it. Land turns Kwame around, facing him. 
19) 15) text: Patrice, Kwame, Odetta, and Hakeem and the others just st back, silent. 
19) 17) text: Nothing more to say. Landers gets in Patrice's Face. 
20) 1) text: Patrice at the Bar with Ron, he is stunned. 
20) 4) text: Bro Pope, The Bartender sets the Drink down. Patrice take gulp, her hand shaking. Ron observes. 
20) 6) text: Patrice nods, pulls herself together. Ron looks at her, softly touches her on her back, trying to comfort, thinki to himself, torn in many directions. 
50) 1) text: Ron and Patrice seated across from each other, already eating. Patrice's attire more lax, but still in her Black Leather Jacket. 
50) 13) text: Patrice absorbs all of this. 
50) 21) text: Ron reaches across the table and takes Patrice's Hand. Patrice pulls her Hand back. 
50) 29) text: Ron tries to kiss Patrice but she moves her head away. Th finish their meal in silence. 
79) 1) text: Patrice and Ron walk on a Nature Pathway alongside a Cree 
79) 16) text: Ron gets frustrated. Patrice stops him. 
79) 22) text: Patrice walks off. Ron sighs, walks to catch up to her, a puts his arm around Patrice. 
80) 3) text: Felix backs away as Patrice peeks from around Ron seeing Felix. Felix sees her, turning to walk away. 
84) 1) text: Ron drives up and gets out of his Car and walks up meetin Patrice, Odetta, Hakeem and other Members of the Black Student Union outside holding flyers. 
84) 2) text: Patrice stands there looking very upset, she shoves a Fly out at Ron. He takes it, reads. 
84) 23) text: Patrice and Ron step away from Odetta and Hakeem. They wa and talk. 
92) 1) text: Patrice comes outside and gets in the Car taking off. Fel has been watching her the whole time sitting in his pick truck. He spits, tosses his cigarette and follows her. 
95) 1) text: Patrice sits in front of a MICROFILM READER. 
110) 1) text: Ron and Patrice are going at it on the Porch. The Freedom House Protestors assemble on the street to March on the K 
110) 21) text: Patrice takes this in.
121) 1) text: The House is filled to capacity watching Patrice speak at podium as JEROME TURNER, Black, 90 Years Young, a distinguished Gentleman, sits across from her. 
139) 1) text: The Crowd at the Lecture is Destroyed by The Story. Peopl are Weeping, Tears streaming down faces, Odetta and Hakee sit there, stunned. Patrice her Eyes Red with Tears leads audience around the room examining the LYNCHING PHOTOS th are on display. 
149) 4) text: Ron jumps back in his Ride and burns rubber heading to Patrice's place!
150) 1) text: Ivanhoe speeds toward Patrice's House with Felix in the passenger seat and Walker hovering over them in the rear.  OMITTED 
151) 1) text: Connie drives up. She sits there for a long moment starin Patrice's House. Connie decides. She gets out of the Car carrying her purse. She looks like an Avon lady coming to call. She walks up on Patrice's porch looking around. She CAREFULLY SETS 
151) 5) text: Patrice drives up. Flustered, Connie grabs her purse to p the Bomb back inside while looking at Patrice and Odetta getting out of the Car and getting Groceries from the tru 
151) 6) text: Patrice talks to Odetta, not noticing Connie. Connie quic leaves the porch striding to her car sweating, crazy nerv Patrice and Odetta talk, entering her House. 
151) 8) text: briskly moves toward the rear of Patrice's Car. 
152) 7) text: Patrice hearing the commotion steps out on the porch with Odetta. 
152) 8) text: Ivanhoe sees Patrice on the porch. 
152) 18) text: Patrice looks at Felix. 
152) 23) text: Connie finally sees Felix in the car. Felix sees her, nod She then sees that they are parked... NEXT TO PATRICE'S CAR!!! Connie runs to Felix, screaming! 
152) 26) text: is attached to the inside of the wheel well of Patrice's  PATRICE'S CAR 
152) 31) text: through the smoke and flames is able to make eye contact Patrice, on the steps of her porch. She is shaken but all right. SIRENS in the distance heading toward them! 
153) 1) text: The place is full of Off Duty Cops and their Girlfriends, few Wives but mainly Cops drinking and having a good time Ron is in the corner talking with Patrice. They are shari drink looking very intimate. Ron sees something. 
153) 5) text: Patrice turns and sees. 
153) 9) text: Patrice stares at him with contempt. 
153) 21) text: Landers looks around then leans in close to Patrice and R He speaks softly issuing a deadly threat. 
153) 25) text: Ron looks at Patrice.
161) 4) text: Patrice comes up from behind.
161) 7) dialog: Have you Resigned from The KKK? 
161) 14) text: Patrice Kisses Ron on the cheek. Good Bye. WE HEAR a KNOC Ron's DOOR. Ron, who is startled, slowly rises. We HEAR another KNOCK. 
161) 15) text: QUICK FLASHES - of a an OLD TIME KLAN RALLY. Ron moves quietly to pull out his SERVICE REVOLVER from the COUNTER DRAWER. WE HEAR ANOTHER KNOCK on the DOOR. Patrice stands behind him. 