6) 0) text: At a wonderful seating area, PATRICK listens to a story NATALIA is telling him.
8) 0) text: Jesse, PATRICK, and STEFANOS are relaxing at the far end the patio where there's a beautiful ocean view.
8) 5) dialog: Okay.
8) 10) dialog: Have you read Jesse's third book? It's actually better than the first two.
8) 16) dialog: It's a better book. It's so much more ambitious. (in Greek) The first two were so so.
10) 11) dialog: Hey, look at this kid. He's having the best summer of us all.
10) 24) dialog: I like this idea for a novel. But you should add a character of an old man like me - a poor sap who can't remember what he had for breakfast, but he can still hear the song that was playing when Sheila Campbell danced topless on the bar at Jury's when he was 14 years old.
10) 37) dialog: Well, I like it. Don't listen to him - he makes bicycles. Send it to me in galleys.
13) 0) text: Jesse leads the kids down the rock steps to the little pa of rocky beach under Patrick's house.
14) 5) dialog: Thank you, thank you, thank you. You know, when I first saw you at the airport I thought, 'No way a man dressed like that could be a man of letters.' Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 37.
14) 7) dialog: But now, now I think I've learned your secret. We've had many great writers here over the past decade but never one who had a partner more interesting than themselves.
14) 10) dialog: And Celine, it's been so great to have you and your daughters' wonderful vitality around here, and I'm so happy you've been able to meet my dear friend, Natalia, who's husband Elias was like a brother to me.
14) 12) dialog: Don't worry. It's nothing.
14) 16) dialog: No, no. That's sweet of you.
14) 26) dialog: Ahhh Perdita... "When you do dance, I wish you a wave of the sea, that you might ever do nothing but that."
14) 58) dialog: It'll never happen.
14) 71) dialog: Well, maybe so but every generation believes that they're witnessing the end of the world but... I feel that I'm actually living it.
14) 73) dialog: It's written over the portals to the Temple of Apollo at Delphi: It says "Gnothi seauton", which means "Know Thyself".
14) 223) dialog: Well, sounds appealing, but actually your grandmother was more rational than that. She took care of herself and asked me to do the same, with plenty of room to meet in the middle.
14) 226) dialog: But it must be obvious that my wife is not here today. We were never one person, always two. We preferred it that way.
14) 231) dialog: But at the end of the day, it's not the love of one other person that matters, it's the love of life.