2) 9) dialog: Let’s get started. The TEENAGER quiets as ALBY approaches. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 4.
2) 10) dialog: I’m Alby. A beat, close on the TEENAGER’S face. He’s actually straining to remember. Then it comes to him...
2) 12) dialog: Welcome to the Glade, Thomas. (to, Clint) Untie him. THOMAS’ eyes dart back-and-forth among the three men as C loosens his restraints...
2) 14) dialog: Thomas, I look after everyone. As soon as we're done here, we’ll make sure you get settled. THOMAS, massaging his wrists, looks at ALBY, and relaxes moment in the presence of his authority.
2) 16) dialog: What’s the last thing you remember? THOMAS is about to answer, but when he opens his mouth, h speechless. Nothing.
2) 17) dialog: Besides your name, can you think of anything about yourself? Names of friends? Family? Again, THOMAS wants to answer, but struggles, drawing onl blank.
2) 18) dialog: Do you have any idea where you live? The name of a city? The enormity begins to hit him...
2) 19) dialog: Do you_know what year it is, Thomas? Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 5. Breathless, beads of sweat forming, THOMAS’ heart is pounding.
2) 21) dialog: That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t keep trying. Resigned, ALBY stands, suddenly, his demeanor hardened. H turns to CLINT again...
2) 22) dialog: What do you think?
2) 25) dialog: We have Laws here. Obey them. Work hard and you’1l be kept fed, alive, and reasonably comfortable.
3) 1) dialog: The Glade’s twenty acres of forest and farmland... There are primitive structures and large groves of trees block THOMAS’ view in several directions. But, everywhere looks those towering walls loom around the perimeter...
3) 2) dialog: Surrounded by walls that touch the heavens. THOMAS notices that in each of the four cardinal directio the walls split open...
3) 3) dialog: We call it the Maze. CRANE UP, DIRECTLY OVERHEAD...to reveal a spiraling labyr of twisting and turning passages” that unravel around the Glade forever into the distance. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 6.
3) 4) dialog: The Maze stands between us and home...whatever world exists outside this prison. As ALBY'S voice fades and we return to ground-level, THOM stares down his one clear sight-line where an entrance to Maze is visible a few hundred yards in the distance. *
14) 5) dialog: The right to choke on my blade if you come one step closer! The GLADERS stop cold, shocked by the threat. GALLY is still crouching beside the GIRL, focused only on her, oblivious to the standoff. ALBY slowly composes himself. Lowers his weapon, almost embarrasse ALBY fCOnt’?) D) I'd trade my life for any Glader. Every man here knows that. (MORE )
14) 7) dialog: And right now this girl deserves the same protection. buzzes...
14) 8) dialog: When she wakes up, we'll find out what she knows, if anything. * (to Gally) Take her to my quarters, under tuard, and make sure Clint has a ook at her. (to the Gladers) Today, I lead the Runners into the Maze. I expect a full day’s work from the rest of you! A brief beat before anyone moves, then...
16) 0) text: ..--back to the East Gate, where most of the GLADERS have gathered to await ALBY and the RUNNERS. But as THOMAS pushes through the crowd, he notices the mo is grim. The bolts have extended from the wall, and the s is once again darkening. He looks around and spots_all the RUNNERS, except one... MINHO. Also missing is ALBY. ARON and the others crouch, peering out into the Maze, waiting. GALLY stands back, calm, detached from the air o crisis. THOMAS notices that NEWT, ATLAS, and all the BAGGERS are present. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 17.
16) 5) dialog: Just go! Forget me! At the sound of ALBY’s voice, ARON dips low and flips NEW over his back, making a dash for the Maze. But before he make it, GALLY floors him with a CLUB to the STOMACH. THOMAS turns to find CHUCK beside him...
18) 0) text: ...stepping into a circular chamber, thirty-feet in diame There are arched doorways leading off it in every directi Propped in one corner is ALBY, a massive gash on his forehead, torso hung forward, limp, unconscious.
24) 0) text: The sky above the Maze has begun to glow with the early l of dawn. THOMAS and MINHO come jogging down the corridor where THOMAS left ALBY, fruitlessly scanning the Vines ab them. They're about to give up when...
24) 3) dialog: (faint) Min... MINHO looks at THOMAS. He can’t believe it.
25) 0) text: The Wall’s bolts retract, and they slowly split open, revealing... ALBY draped between MINHO and THOMAS, his gash still oozi barely conscious. GALLY is waiting just inside the Glade, along with NEWT, ATLAS, CLINT and the other RUNNERS.
27) 4) text: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 31. INT. HALLWAY - ALBY’S DWELLING THOMAS follows MINHO down a long hallway inside ALBY’S dwelling. He passes a closed door, and feels compelled to stop outs it. MINHO is a few steps ahead, and THOMAS checks to see no o else is watching. He pushes the door slightly open... ..-.-and finds THERESA in bed, still unconscious. THOMAS stands frozen, and then SUDDENLY...
29) 10) dialog: What did I tell you? THOMAS doesn’t know how to reply...
29) 11) dialog: We have laws here. (beat) But you chose to ignore them.
29) 13) dialog: As much as Gally would like, we can’t keep you locked up forever. And with all that’s going on, the last thing I need is you loose in the Glade looking for trouble. THOMAS turns to MINHO...
29) 19) dialog: You’re a Maze Runner, Thomas. (beat) Don’t make me regret this. Off THOMAS face, both nervous and excited...
40) 6) dialog: How many years have we been at this? GALLY senses ALBY is lost in his own head...
40) 8) dialog: Some of these kids... They were children when they came out of the Box. I told them the Maze was the way home. I told them to trust me. (beat) I’m losing them. I can sense it.
40) 11) dialog: What do you want, Gally? A long beat, as the old friends study each other.
45) 0) text: MINHO and THOMAS jog back toward the Glade, the late afternoon sun fading. As they approach the Gate, they see NEWT, waiting. INT. HALLWAY - ALBY’S DWELLING MINHO and THOMAS, still in their Runner’s gear, now follo NEWT through ALBY’s Dwelling...
45) 3) dialog: Meet Theresa... THOMAS is transfixed as THERESA turns to the doorway slow still groggy : Her eyes are slightly downcast as her gaze settles on him, and THOMAS is drawn into her sad visage. a beat, they are the only two people in the room. But GALLY is eager..
45) 13) dialog: Calm down, please. I know this is overwhelming. GALLY steps forward...
45) 15) dialog: That’s enough! ALBY glares at GALLY, then turns to THOMAS...
45) 16) dialog: (to Thomas ) This can’t be a coincidence. You need to think long and hard how it’s possible. eat, to Theresa) Both of you. GALLY, enraged, storms out of the room. A beat, as the others watch him go, and ALBY and MINHO sh a concerned look. Then...
45) 18) dialog: What?
45) 20) dialog: You're perfectly safe here. I promise. Get some rest, and we'll talk more tomorrow. ALBY gets up and approaches NEWT.
45) 21) dialog: Take Atlas and the other Baggers to head them off. Anyone steps foot in my clearing, beat them unconscious. ALBY walks out, brushing past THOMAS. THERESA looks at THOMAS again, her expression pleading. A beat, then he turns his back and walks out on her.
46) 22) dialog: Feeling better? THERESA gathers herself, before turning around, her arms crossed, defensive.
46) 24) dialog: If you mean the Glade, you’re no more trapped than the rest of us. As for this room, that’s why I’m here... To invite you to breakfast. ALBY smiles warmly.
48) 0) text: ALBY, playing proud tour guide, leads THERESA through the Homestead Clearing. They’re trailed closely by NEWT, on guard for them.
48) 1) dialog: As you can see, it’s a simple arrangement, everyone doing their part to keep the place functioning. THERESA looks around, taking it all in, and trying to avo eye-contact with the few passing GLADERS who stop to gawk her. 49.
48) 3) dialog: Well, the early days weren’t tty. Pre (beat) We were constantly fighting over the water, could Ka aly manage to harvest the crops that were growing. ALBY’s genuinely upset as he remembers...
48) 4) dialog: Third month, I’m walking near the West Gate and see this tiny figure near the bushes. It’s this kid, Joshua. Couldn’t have been older than twelve. His neck was broken. Killed in a brawl between two groups of guys over a soft spot to bed down on. THERESA blanches...
48) 5) dialog: So, I got organized, put an_end to the nonsense. Ever since, I’ve kept everyone focused on one thing... Finding a way out of here. THERESA considers ALBY with a new warmth in her eyes, dra to him...
49) 0) text: ALBY holds open the door to the Map Room, and THERESA ent He walks to a cubby and pulls out three rolls, unfurling side-by-side on the center table.
49) 1) dialog: These are all different sections of the Maze, on the same da We line them up, look for new paths between them, any route that might get us closer to the outside edge and hopefully an exit... THERESA is fascinated by the images before her, running h fingers along the lines’ on the page, like they’re someho familiar.
49) 3) dialog: I've studied these for years. I promise I haven’t missed anything. THERESA finally looks up...
51) 0) text: THERESA stands at the center table, which is now crowded parchment scrolls spread all over. She runs her hand thro er hair, and sits back on a stool, overwhelmed. ALBY knocks and enters...
51) 1) dialog: Ready to give up? THERESA smiles... A breeze blows through the open door and sends some of th maps floating off the table.
51) 3) dialog: Don’t worry. They’re all labeled... But THERESA has stopped gotiecting them. The one parchmen she’s holding is caught in the late afternoon sunlight, rendering it nearly translucent. THERESA stands up slowly, lost in thought. She lays the parchment on top of another map on the table. Some of the ines match in both versions, forming thicker sections whe the two maps are held together. THERESA concentrates intensely. ALBY rises beside her...
51) 4) dialog: Are you remembering something else?
51) 7) dialog: And?
51) 9) dialog: How long can we last?
52) 5) dialog: There’s less than a quarter tank in the cook shed. The MOB turns to see ALBY, NEWT and ATLAS.
52) 6) dialog: Which is why I’ve kept a reserve. A brief wave of relief move through the crowd. Then... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 53.
52) 7) dialog: That, plus what’s left in the fields will last us another few weeks. A month if we're lucky. The MOB takes this like a punch in the gut.
54) 37) dialog: Catching up on old times? ALBY is in the doorway, along with MINHO. ALBY looks haggard, angry. MINHO, exhausted. An awkward beat of ilence, then...
54) 39) dialog: After listening to Gally, at least half the Glade wanted you Banished. Forced out into the Maze alone tonight. Sacrificed to the Griever. 58.
54) 43) dialog: I hope you find something. If you come up empty tomorrow, there’s nothing more I can do. You're finished. THERESA looks at THOMAS, who stands afraid, despondent. H pushes past ALBY and MINHO, out of the Map Room...
73) 3) dialog: We should have stayed focused. Kept pressing ahead in the Grasslands. “Now, who knows what you triggered? THOMAS looks to MINHO, grasping for straws...
74) 0) text: The familiar East Gate to the Maze. Two RUNNERS, ARON and TIM stand watch in the clearing as the last light in the fades. NIGHT. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 65. But no bolts extend from the Walls. They remain still. Th Gate...OPEN. In the eerie quiet, ARON and TIM share a loo of absolute terror. INT. STUDY - ALBY’S DWELLING THOMAS faces ALBY and MINHO, his confidence shattered.
74) 4) dialog: Listen to me! All of you! We’1l barricade the Homestead. Fight them off from the trees... The GLADERS are silent, terrified, already defeated. THOMAS spots CHUCK in the crowd, his face streaked with tears, pale white.
74) 6) dialog: You want to lie down?! You’re Gladers! You’re men! If we must die, then die like men! No one will make eye contact. His exhortation falls total flat.
74) 8) dialog: Have you all forgotten what I’ve done for you? You think I wanted this burden? I did it for you! Together, we’ve risen to every challenge! And we can rise to this one! But now, the final blow...He spots NEWT, standing with th crowd, right beside GALLY. As ALBY’s face registers his shock at the betrayal, NEWT looks up, remorseless...
74) 11) dialog: He’s right, you know. You've brought nothing but disaster. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 67. EXT. ALBY’S CLEARING - THE GLADE - MOMENTS LATER Led by GALLY, NEWT and a crew of BAGGERS hauls THOMAS and THERESA out of the clearing, through the shouting, heckli CROWD... CHUCK is running alongside them, shouting at NEWT...
81) 0) text: Pure chaos as all the GLADERS crowd into a central cluste three large tree-houses, connected by elevated walkways. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 69. MINHO is the last to climb up, and NEWT pulls up the ladd after him. The BAGGERS and RUNNERS are spreading out along the walkw armed with a combination of spears, cross-bows, and clubs Mixed among them are ZACK and several FIELD HANDS, brandishing their tools as weapons. Even WINSTON the cook wielding a butcher’s knife. ALBY takes it all in, clearly sidelined, as CLINT approac struggling under the weight of a large Satchel. He Opens to reveal the CRYSTAL TUBES that contain the Serum.
82) 0) text: -Twenty of the youngest GLADERS, including CHUCK, are huddled in the crowded space. They look up at ALBY, sheer terror in their eyes. ALBY offers a half-hearted nod of assurance, and closes t loor.
84) 0) text: MINHO, NEWT, and ALBY are side-by-side, waiting. ALBY is resi ned, détached. NEWT, adjusting his weapons nervously MINH primed and ready. And then, the CRACK, SNAP, and BOOM of nearby trees being mowed down...
135) 3) dialog: And awake for the first time.
135) 6) dialog: After I was stung in the Homestead, I was happy to die. But then I stumbled on some Serum in the wreckage. All those years listening to Gally rant and rave... Thought I’d get a taste. (beat) Turns out the mad man was_ right about everything after all... THOMAS is now holding up his hands defensively... 102.
135) 8) dialog: I built somethin here. Something extraordinary an they took it away!! All these years trying to escape...This is the escape fr out there! WINSTON and many of the GLADERS turn to THOMAS...
135) 10) dialog: We can stay. We'll live in the Maze, fight the Grievers...
135) 12) dialog: Don’t believe him! He belongs in the Pit! He violated the Laws! Listen to me!!! ALBY starts to shake, then takes a breath and focuses the back on THOMAS...