3) 7) dialog: Um. That’s right, sir...
4) 0) text: THOMAS walks alongside CHUCK, who’s rushing down a clear through the trees, roughly the size of a two-lane highway On either side of the path, a series of walkways have bee hung, and, off in the distance, several haphazard structu appear to be suspended in the branches. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 7.
4) 1) dialog: Pretty cool, huh? Most of it was already built when the first guys got here.
4) 3) dialog: Long enough to tell you anything you’re wondering. Pegged me a Field Hand right from the start, just like you. But Clint gays another few months he might teach me to medic.
4) 5) dialog: There were twenty guys at the beginning. Every week since for three years, the Box brings supplies. And every month, a new arrival like me and you. Just a name but no memory. THOMAS can hardly believe what he’s hearing...
4) 7) dialog: Just follow my lead and stick with the program. Now, on their left, the trees begin to thin and THOMAS notices several strange FIGURES in the distance. They’re older, rail thin, and their clothes are in tatters. THOMAS slows, but CHUCK pulls him by the arm...
4) 8) dialog: Changed Boys. Best to keep your distance.
5) 0) text: THOMAS and CHUCK arrive at the Eastern Fields, where a do FIELD HANDS are working under the afternoon sun to empty same STORAGE DRUMS delivered earlier with THOMAS. The DRUMS are filled with water, and the FIELD HANDS are attaching hoses that empty them into a series of low-lyin irrigation ducts servicing the crops...
5) 1) dialog: Brought back an extra set of hands. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 8. ZACK, a short, powerful boy, comes out from behind a near SHED, carrying a SHOVEL...
6) 0) text: In the shadow of the Wall, THOMAS, drenched in sweat, hea a shovel of dirt into a nearby pile. Out the corner of hi eye, he notices ZACK and some other FIELDHANDS in the distance, watching him. And then, a few feet away, CHUCK collapses, panting. THOM turns to him...
6) 2) dialog: I got this down to a science. Somewhere in the Glade, a bell clangs.
6) 3) dialog: Especially the quitting part. All around, the other FIELDHANDS drop their tools and hea back toward the forest.
7) 0) text: THOMAS follows CHUCK and a stream of GLADERS down a woode path, finally emerging into a clearing... .--and stares, captivated, at one of the entrances to the Maze. He tries to push through the crowd, but before he c get close... MINHO (21) and ARON (20)... Both over six feet tall, not ounce of body fat on them, come bounding out of the Maze full sprint, and stop to catch their breath just inside t Glade. MINHO is wearing an armband, and they’re both carrying pa strapped to their shirtless backs, animal skin canteens, cross-bows, and razor-sharp spears. THOMAS stares at them, awestruck. CHUCK whispers...
7) 1) dialog: The Runners. They’re the strongest, the fastest. The gathered GLADERS move aside so the RUNNERS can pass, patting them on the back, offering to carry their gear, offering words of encouragement. +e HF
7) 6) dialog: They're looking for a way out of * the Maze. * THOMAS can’t take his eyes off them... *
8) 1) dialog: You want something to eat? The Glade cook, WINSTON, and his KITCHEN HANDS are handin out bowls of steaming chili to a long line of takers. The food looks good enough, but after what he’s just seen...
8) 5) dialog: Took me a week before I stopped shaking. Just_had this terrible ache inside. Like there were family, friends...Who knows? People I was missing.
10) 0) text: THOMAS’ POV as he slowly awakens...Bright light, splinter through the tree branches, which gradually come into focu He sits up...to find CHUCK standing right in front of him
10) 1) dialog: You’re gonna miss the chow. Long day in the fields without it... THOMAS closes his eyes again.
11) 0) text: The clearing is buzzing with activity as the GLADERS prep for the day ahead of them. There’s a long line at WINSTON’s cook shed. As THOMAS and CHUCK take their place at the back of it, all eyes turn t MINHO entering the clearing, leading the RUNNERS. They ignore the line and WINSTON rushes to serve them. Then, t cook looks up...
11) 3) dialog: You don’t. Right out of the Box, they pull anyone with potential and make ‘em a Bagger. Like Newt and Atlas. Six months enforcing the Laws before they even give you a shot at it. MINHO and his men have finished collecting their rations suddenly, louder than the cheer, the blast of a loud, prolonged HORN..
11) 4) dialog: That must be a mistake.
11) 6) dialog: The Box is rising...
12) 0) text: From all over, GLADERS race toward the Box, a rectangular concrete bunker built into the earth, topped with steel doors. THOMAS follows CHUCK, who’s very excited...
12) 2) dialog: It’s never come twice in a week. Never. CHUCK and THOMAS stop directly across the Box from ALBY, today, is also dressed like a RUNNER. He looks uneasy. Beside ALBY is GALLY, NEWT, ATLAS and a crew of BAGGERS. The ground vibrates, and there’s a high-pitched SCREECH a the elevator rises into place. Slowly, the ground splits, and the doors retract, opening... Everyone surges forward, angling for a better look. This time there are no massive storage drums...
13) 1) dialog: Thomas! Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 14. As we...
15) 2) dialog: Near the Map Room. There’s a path from the Homestead -- CHUCK stops himself...
15) 3) dialog: Wait. Why? You’re not thinking...
15) 5) dialog: It’s not allowed...
15) 7) dialog: Gally will -- Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 16.
15) 9) dialog: Some of them are jerks. I get that. But it’d be worse without the Laws.
15) 11) dialog: What? A beat, as THOMAS considers telling CHUCK what happened. Then, the bell clangs_indicating the Walls are about to b closing. The other FIELD HANDS lay down their equipment.
26) 1) dialog: (whispers ) Hey...Brought you some dinner. CHUCK stands with a plate of food and a canteen of water. THOMAS backs away from the bars.
26) 3) dialog: Told the guard I screwed up and drew clean-up duty. (beat, with a smile) He believéd me. THOMAS also smiles. CHUCK slides the food through the bar and sits down in the hallway. As THOMAS digs in, starving
26) 5) dialog: You were blowing off steam. That’s what friends aré for, isn’t it? (beat) And the girl’s still in some kind of coma. In case you were wondering. All is forgiven. THOMAS absorbs this and then nods, appreciative. THOMAS eats some more, but CHUCK can "hardl contain himself.
26) 6) dialog: So? What was it like? From the day I got here, all I’ve been hearing about is the Maze. I can’t believe you've been inside it... For the first time, THOMAS really reflects...
26) 8) dialog: No one belongs out there. That’s ridiculous. THOMAS thinks a moment.
26) 10) dialog: What could we have done to get this kind of punishment? CHUCK bows his head, clearly upset by the suggestion and THOMAS immediately regrets it. Upbeat now...
26) 12) text: me around. Tell me to clean up, take a bath, eat my supper. (beat) You know... Just two people who love me... CHUCK’s voice breaks and THOMAS reaches through the bars, squeezing his arm in comfort.
46) 0) text: THOMAS walks through the trees with CHUCK, who’s updating on the latest gossip...
46) 1) dialog: Everyone’s saying she asked for you by name! How’s that possible? THOMAS shakes his head, disgusted...
46) 3) dialog: Don’t worry. They’re all just jealous. (beat) So, are you gonna paint me a picture of this girl?
46) 5) dialog: That’s not real specific. First real woman -- ever! Did you get close enough to touch her’ Suddenly, THOMAS and then CHUCK stops in his tracks. Haun eyes peer out from the shadows all around them. They’re surrounded by the CHANGED BOYS. THOMAS whispers to CHUCK... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 45.
46) 7) dialog: They were all stung by the Griever. Serum saved their life, but... THOMAS looks at him...
46) 8) dialog: They say it’s like your insides are melting. For hours. Three of the CHANGED BOYS step forward, circling THOMAS.
74) 12) dialog: You can’t do this!! Until one of the BAGGERS violently shoves him to the grou Then, THOMAS spots MINHO and the other RUNNERS heatedly arguing. MINHO is about to step forward into GALLY’S path, who bra himself for a confrontation. But THOMAS looks MINHO in the eye.
82) 0) text: -Twenty of the youngest GLADERS, including CHUCK, are huddled in the crowded space. They look up at ALBY, sheer terror in their eyes. ALBY offers a half-hearted nod of assurance, and closes t loor.
98) 0) text: The huddled GLADERS are all thrown to one side of the roo CHUCK in the middle of the pile, as the floor tips and th entire structure...
99) 0) text: ++.goes crashing to the ground, sending the GRIEVERS scattering. All is still for a moment, then... FOCUS ON...CHUCK, bleeding badly from his head, trying desperately to lift a piece of wood that has him pinned own... Nearby, CLINT, dazed, is scrambling to collect the CRYSTA TUBES, several of which have fallen out of his satchel... BACK TO.. CHUCK, who gives the wood plank one last push, it doesn’ t budge, and he closes his eyes, fading into oblivion. Then...
114) 0) text: ...THERESA and CHUCK, huddled beside each other, as THOMA lets out a tortured SCREAM that echoes throughout the Maz THERESA clenches her hands over her ears, burying her hea her lap, trying to drown out the sound of THOMAS’ agony a we... FADE OUT.
116) 0) text: The GLADERS are all hunkered down, some sleeping, others leaning against the Walls, nervous, waiting. CHUCK is studying a cross-bow, awkwardly pretending to ai it. MINHO, NEWT, and ATLAS are each stationed at one of t entrances to the room. THERESA is seated by the passage to the dead end, keeping vigil for THOMAS. CHUCK lowers the crossbow, MINHO turns, and slowly everyo stares as... THOMAS steps into the circle, GALLY behind him. He bears mark of a terrible ordeal, his face more creased, like he aged half-a-decade. THERESA rushes to embrace him. But THOMAS stands stiff, unsure how to react, as THERESA wraps her arms around him She steps back...
117) 3) dialog: Thomas? THOMAS is forced, curt...
117) 5) dialog: You think we might really be going home? THOMAS nods, still distant...
117) 7) dialog: I just really hope my parents remember me. THOMAS seems unsure what to do with the emotion. He looks CHUCK like he’s trying to recall what empathy feels like.
129) 0) text: Most of the GLADERS have reached the end of the minefield but CHUCK is at the back of the pack, still navigating th BREAKAWAYS, drenched in flop sweat. CHUCK takes a step and STUMBLES, his foot falling through floor, his entire body lurching’ toward the darkness. But THERESA grabs his arm and pulls him to safety. As they take the last few steps to solid ground, they loo back to see...the first in the line of GRIEVERS, barrelin into the corridor and then...DROPPING through a BREAKAWAY into the darkness. The other GRIEVERS halt. THERESA turns to GALLY...
135) 14) dialog: Nol! And CHUCK dives in front of THOMAS, taking the arrow dire in his heart. THOMAS catches CHUCK, as...
135) 17) dialog: If you find my mom and dad. Tell them I was the best Field Hand in the Glade. THOMAS’ hardened demeanor softens and we get a glimpse of boy he was before the Changing.