2) 13) dialog: The Glade? Who the hell are you guys? Do I know you?
2) 15) dialog: Please...I just want to know what’s happening. ALBY nods, sympathetic.
3) 0) text: GALLY now drags THOMAS from the dark corridors of the Pit a shallow cave complex -- into the bright afternoon light the Glade, a circular expanse the size of a large pit min
3) 5) text: GALLY takes THOMAS by the arm and pulls him toward a SHOR BOY waiting nearby, who goes pale as GALLY gets closer...
3) 10) dialog: This is ridiculous! You can’t just * put me to work! * Now, GALLY grabs THOMAS by the shirt and picks him up off ground.
4) 0) text: THOMAS walks alongside CHUCK, who’s rushing down a clear through the trees, roughly the size of a two-lane highway On either side of the path, a series of walkways have bee hung, and, off in the distance, several haphazard structu appear to be suspended in the branches. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 7.
4) 2) dialog: How long have you --
4) 4) dialog: And no one knows what’s happening?
4) 6) dialog: We must be from someplace.
5) 0) text: THOMAS and CHUCK arrive at the Eastern Fields, where a do FIELD HANDS are working under the afternoon sun to empty same STORAGE DRUMS delivered earlier with THOMAS. The DRUMS are filled with water, and the FIELD HANDS are attaching hoses that empty them into a series of low-lyin irrigation ducts servicing the crops...
5) 3) dialog: Thomas.
5) 6) dialog: Hey! The FIELDHANDS look at THOMAS, amused at his outburst. Ev CHUCK looks surprised as he struggles to his feet. THOMAS stands still, as ZACK now moves closer, eyeing him head-to-toe. But THOMAS just looks past ZACK, at that towering Wall, closer than ever. Suddenly, ZACK SUCKER-PUNCHES him in the stomach. THOMAS shakes off the blow as the others snicker. He slow lifts his eyes, and steps nose-to-nose with ZACK. ZACK winds up for a head-shot...but THOMAS catches his fi mid-swing, in a vice-grip. The other FIELDHANDS are shocked silent. THOMAS forces ZACK'S hand down, surprised by his own strength
5) 7) dialog: How ‘bout that... THOMAS releases ZACK and walks past him into the fields, CHUCK trailing.
6) 0) text: In the shadow of the Wall, THOMAS, drenched in sweat, hea a shovel of dirt into a nearby pile. Out the corner of hi eye, he notices ZACK and some other FIELDHANDS in the distance, watching him. And then, a few feet away, CHUCK collapses, panting. THOM turns to him...
6) 1) dialog: Follow your lead, huh? Laying on his back, CHUCK smiles...
7) 0) text: THOMAS follows CHUCK and a stream of GLADERS down a woode path, finally emerging into a clearing... .--and stares, captivated, at one of the entrances to the Maze. He tries to push through the crowd, but before he c get close... MINHO (21) and ARON (20)... Both over six feet tall, not ounce of body fat on them, come bounding out of the Maze full sprint, and stop to catch their breath just inside t Glade. MINHO is wearing an armband, and they’re both carrying pa strapped to their shirtless backs, animal skin canteens, cross-bows, and razor-sharp spears. THOMAS stares at them, awestruck. CHUCK whispers...
7) 7) dialog: Why do they need weapons? * And then, suddenly a THUNDEROUS CLAP, as the Walls SLAM s closing off the Maze, as the last light of day vanishes.
8) 2) dialog: Not hungry. Everywhere THOMAS turns, small groups of GLADERS are talk loud: Yj Some are gathered around what looks like an arm- wrestling match, and others are kicking around a ball of vines and tree rubber. AS THOMAS takes in the rowdy atmosphere... CHUCK (0.S. Alby always says...Gotta keep up * our spirits. The guys know they * get caught moping, Newt and Atlas are gonna give ‘em a pep talk. A rough one.
8) 3) dialog: Yeah, well, I’m not so sure about your fearless leaders. (biting) How long they been stuck here? THOMAS glances up at the sky -- it’s a charcoal grey, wit few pinpoints of light. He studies it...
8) 4) dialog: I guess the sky looks familiar. (beat) Sort of. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 11.
8) 6) dialog: I’m not sure what’s worse. I keep trying... But I feel nothing. Suddenly, a ball comes flying at them and THOMAS barely dodges it. There’s laughter from the playing field...
8) 7) dialog: (to Chuck) This place blows, you know that? There’s not much CHUCK can say.
8) 8) dialog: I’ll see you tomorrow.
9) 0) text: THOMAS walks into the surrounding Grove, past several GLA already bedding down for the night, who eye him warily. H finds an empty tree at the fringes. THOMAS collapses in the dirt, alone at last, his back aga the rough trunk. He can still see the fire circles burnin in the clearing and hear the laughter, shouts, and cries the other boys blowing off steam all around him. Then, from somewhere out in the Maze, a piercing SHRIEK c through the night, the menacing cry of some other-worldly creature. THOMAS‘ eyes water. But before a tear can fall, he wipes away with his sleeve, and buries his head, exhausted.
10) 0) text: THOMAS’ POV as he slowly awakens...Bright light, splinter through the tree branches, which gradually come into focu He sits up...to find CHUCK standing right in front of him
10) 2) dialog: Damn. It wasn’t a nightmare.
11) 0) text: The clearing is buzzing with activity as the GLADERS prep for the day ahead of them. There’s a long line at WINSTON’s cook shed. As THOMAS and CHUCK take their place at the back of it, all eyes turn t MINHO entering the clearing, leading the RUNNERS. They ignore the line and WINSTON rushes to serve them. Then, t cook looks up...
11) 2) dialog: How do you become one? A Runner?
11) 5) dialog: What’s it mean?
12) 0) text: From all over, GLADERS race toward the Box, a rectangular concrete bunker built into the earth, topped with steel doors. THOMAS follows CHUCK, who’s very excited...
12) 1) dialog: I don’t get the big deal... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 13.
14) 0) text: pei Seek trying to keep THOMAS from falling into the Box elow THOMAS struggles to stand, as several GLADERS stare at hi their attention drawn by the commotion. THOMAS, confused, reeling...
14) 1) dialog: Still faint from yesterday... Across the Box, GALLY has noticed. THOMAS looks away. Meanwhile, the GLADERS are buzzing as ALBY and GALLY exam the GIRL at their feet, visibly unnerved by her presence. She has a tag affixed to her wrist. It reads: “She's the last one. Ever.” * GALLY looks ashen as ALBY removes the tag and conceals it long beat, then...
15) 0) text: A pick slams violently into hard earth. THOMAS draws a de breath and swings once more into the long drainage ditch carving into the soil. *
15) 1) dialog: Where'd they take her?
15) 4) dialog: I need to see her.
15) 6) dialog: Allowed?
15) 8) dialog: Wake up Chuck! You do everything you're told and how’s that working out for you? CHUCK steps back, a bit wounded.
15) 10) dialog: Don’t talk to me about the Laws! They seem great for one thing: Givin Gally an excuse to be an asshole! THOMAS is really rattled... THOMAS (CONT’D) Something happened back there, and I can’t explain it.
15) 12) dialog: Maybe you should stay away from me. I don’t wanna get you in any more trouble. THOMAS drops his pick and follows the crowd...
16) 0) text: ..--back to the East Gate, where most of the GLADERS have gathered to await ALBY and the RUNNERS. But as THOMAS pushes through the crowd, he notices the mo is grim. The bolts have extended from the wall, and the s is once again darkening. He looks around and spots_all the RUNNERS, except one... MINHO. Also missing is ALBY. ARON and the others crouch, peering out into the Maze, waiting. GALLY stands back, calm, detached from the air o crisis. THOMAS notices that NEWT, ATLAS, and all the BAGGERS are present. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 17.
16) 6) dialog: (incredulous) They’re just gonna let them die out there?? THOMAS takes a step closer to the melee and time slows... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 18. He spots an opening as GALLY and ARON face-off, and walks toward the Glade’s exit. Now GALLY shouts at him...
17) 0) text: THOMAS immediately turns around, faces the closed Gate, absorbs what’s just happened. He can’t hear a thing from inside the Glade, or inside his head. It’s dead quiet. A beat, THOMAS swivels, back still against the Gate, and get our first real look at the Maze, ahead in the darknes A long, straight corridor, extending fifty yards in the distance. THOMAS admires the towering Walls on either sid of him. They’re covered in a thick mess of leafy vines. THOMAS takes a breath and moves a few steps forward.
17) 1) dialog: Alby! Minho! His call reverberates, but there’s no answer. As THOMAS walks, he looks up and notices some of the vines hang acr the passage ahead, a web of growth, impossibly high above him. THOMAS reaches the end of the corridor, and a T-intersect In both directions, the passage turns out of sight after short distance. He stops. Then...the rustle of something moving cuts through the silence. THOMAS, frantic, looks both ways... Another murmur...growing louder. THOMAS is really panting He makes a choice and heads right, rounding the corner in another corridor which seems to extend indefinitely. Whatever is moving is now right behind him... He starts t run, stumbling, as he looks back over his shoulder. Now, he’s sprinting, the sound of his pounding heart and heavi breath drowning out everything. Then suddenly... He’s TACKLED...SLAMMED into the Wall, an pinned there. A hand’s over his mouth, and he’s staring e to-eye at MINHO.
18) 1) dialog: Is he -- ?
18) 3) dialog: Yeah.
18) 5) dialog: No one was going to help. I thought --
19) 0) text: THOMAS runs to catch up with MINHO who’s moving as fast a can down a corridor...
19) 1) dialog: Let me help you with Alby.... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 20. MINHO ignores him...
19) 3) dialog: What’s out there?
19) 5) dialog: Huh?
19) 7) dialog: The Griever? THOMAS looks down at ALBY, helpless... THOMAS (CONT’D But, isn’t he your frien MINHO grabs THOMAS by the shirt, furious...
19) 9) dialog: Wait! But MINHO has already disappeared around the corner. THOM is alone, and for a moment all is quiet. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 21. THOMAS looks back toward the circular room, where they ca from. And then, another SHRIEK... THOMAS turns around to the Wall and starts tearing Vines away, frantic. THOMAS finds a thick Vine and pulls down, putting as much weight on it as possible. High above, somewhere in the darkness, it stays anchored. He grabs an adjacent Vine and now turns to ALBY, securing injured boy against his back. Then, he starts ¢limbing.:. THOMAS struggles with each inch, hand over hand, finding footholds in the stone behind the ivy. He’s only five fee off the ground, when, another SHRIEK, and...the “GRIEVER” seems to be getting closer. THOMAS scrambles faster...dragging ALBY on his back, high and higher. Until he SLIPS...sliding half the distance back to the floor...and comes face-to-face with...two RED, demonic ey peering out from the darkness. THOMAS, paralyzed, can barely make out the creature in th shadows. And, then... The GRIEVER’s entire body rolls into a BALL and catapults forward... Hanging on desperately, ALBY’s weight pulling him back, THOMAS now braces his feet against the Wall, and finds himself at an angle, like he’s repelling. The GRIEVER is closing... Holding onto the vine, THOMAS runs up the Wall...as the GRIEVER passes just underneath him. The GRIEVER uncoils, spins around and let’s out a blood- curdling SHRIEK... Another ten feet up, THOMAS looks down over his shoulder. and sees the GRIEVER slithering up the Wall straight towa him...
19) 10) dialog: Great. THOMAS looks up again -- thinks about trying to outrun it then down, and sees the GRIEVER is already halfway to him THOMAS turns to ALBY, who’s limp body just dangles in the Vines. A beat, as THOMAS confronts what he’s about to do. He loo hard at ALBY... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 22.
19) 11) dialog: (softly ) I tried. I’m sorry. Now THOMAS focuses back on the approaching GRIEVER. It’s feet away... five feet away... and its STINGER slowly unfolds... Just at it’s about to strike, THOMAS leaps off the Wall, simultaneous sliding down the Vine that he’s holding... He lands hard, rolling into the dirt, and slamming into t far Wall. He looks down at his hands, both chafed raw, an up at the GRIEVER. The GRIEVER has stopped, still clinging to the Wall, a fo below ALBY. Before it can react, THOMAS takes off running
20) 0) text: -..around the corner in the same direction MINHO followed but there’s no sign of him. THOMAS sprints, following the corridor’s serpentine path, turn after turn after turn, until...
21) 4) dialog: What...the hell...is happening??? THOMAS stands still, and for a long moment, there’s silen THOMAS gets his bearings: He’s at the center of another T intersection. To his eft, fifty yards down, the passage ends in an arched doorway. To his right, fifty yards down is a solid wall with no outlet. Then, from behind him...
21) 7) dialog: Did you hear that voice? * MINHO looks at him like he’s nuts...
22) 0) text: ..-landing hard on an irregular, rocky surface. * A loud SHRIEK as the GRIEVER’S head is squeezed, and the comes off its tracks, coming to a stop. The pinned GRIEVER violently thrusts its STINGER at THOMA and MINHO, who scramble out of range. For a beat, they stare at its RED EYES, which seem to be studying them. “And then, the GRIEVER gathers all its strength and pulls back, disappearing into the darkness. Finally, it’s quiet. Both MINHO and THOMAS slowly peel themselves up. A long beat, as MINHO studies THOMAS...
22) 2) dialog: So, you know where we are?
22) 4) dialog: Not anymore. *
23) 0) text: MINHO and THOMAS carefully traverse the blackened rocks, halfway toward the far wall.
23) 1) dialog: Is it some kind of animal? Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 25.
23) 3) dialog: How do you come out here every day? MINHO keeps walking. He’s spotted a small archway ahead, on the ground, but twenty feet up the Wall, like some kin window.
23) 5) dialog: What’s down there?
23) 7) dialog: That lead to another part of the Maze? MINHO starts climbing down...
24) 0) text: The sky above the Maze has begun to glow with the early l of dawn. THOMAS and MINHO come jogging down the corridor where THOMAS left ALBY, fruitlessly scanning the Vines ab them. They're about to give up when...
24) 1) dialog: There! MINHO looks to where THOMAS is pointing. ALBY’S foot is barely visible through the vegetation. But it’s still.
25) 0) text: The Wall’s bolts retract, and they slowly split open, revealing... ALBY draped between MINHO and THOMAS, his gash still oozi barely conscious. GALLY is waiting just inside the Glade, along with NEWT, ATLAS, CLINT and the other RUNNERS.
25) 7) dialog: Hey! ...drawing MINHO’s attention...
25) 15) dialog: Please! Both of you! GALLY and MINHO turn to him. A beat, then, THOMAS looks a GALLY...
25) 16) dialog: You don’t trust me for some reason. Fine. (beat) Then I assume you won't care if I die looking for a way out of here. To MINHO...
25) 17) dialog: I want to be a Runner.
26) 0) text: A cell door slams shut on THOMAS. He watches as NEWT disappears down the corridor, then looks around at_the ot empty cells ringing this small cavern deep in the Pit. At the very back of the room, THOMAS notices an enclosure that looks different. Behind two layers of extra-thick fencing, stacked side-by-side... More of those CRYSTAL TUBES CLINT was carrying. THOMAS stares at the crystal, and for a brief moment, as candlelight falls at the right angle, he catches a glimps his own fractured reflection. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 29. He shifts position, trying t to © recapture his first dis look at his own face, when.
26) 2) dialog: How’d you get in here?
26) 4) dialog: Thanks. Those things I said, yesterday --
26) 7) dialog: I wouldn't have made it without Minho. But the funny thing was...It all felt familiar. beat I thine 3F) pelong out there somehow.
26) 9) dialog: What if we’re here because we did something terrible? Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 30.
26) 11) dialog: What do you imagine Chuck? When you think of home? CHUCK doesn’t look up... CHUCK | . It’s so hard to picture anything. I guess...a Mom and Dad who order
26) 12) text: me around. Tell me to clean up, take a bath, eat my supper. (beat) You know... Just two people who love me... CHUCK’s voice breaks and THOMAS reaches through the bars, squeezing his arm in comfort.
26) 13) dialog: Chuck, last night, I think we found something. Important. FADE OUT.
27) 0) text: THOMAS steps out of the Pit into the morning light, squin as his eyes adjust. MINHO is waiting.
27) 1) dialog: Guard told me I could go...What happened?
27) 4) text: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 31. INT. HALLWAY - ALBY’S DWELLING THOMAS follows MINHO down a long hallway inside ALBY’S dwelling. He passes a closed door, and feels compelled to stop outs it. MINHO is a few steps ahead, and THOMAS checks to see no o else is watching. He pushes the door slightly open... ..-.-and finds THERESA in bed, still unconscious. THOMAS stands frozen, and then SUDDENLY...
29) 12) dialog: I was trying to help... ALBY studies THOMAS.
29) 18) dialog: Does this mean--?
30) 0) text: ...the Gear Locker -- a small equipment shed -- where MIN hands THOMAS a spear...
32) 0) text: THOMAS, now in his full RUNNER’S gear, races after MINHO a long’ Jungle corridor...
34) 2) dialog: Ouch.
34) 5) dialog: I’1l watch where I step. MINHO nods and pushes ahead through the grass...
36) 4) dialog: It goes on forever..
36) 6) dialog: Not that we’d notice...At this pace it’s all a blur.
36) 8) dialog: So what now?
37) 0) text: THOMAS trails MINHO toward the opening left by the disabl Wall. They crouch through...
39) 0) text: At the top of the boulder pile MINHO pauses and turns to THOMAS...
39) 3) dialog: That way... That’s where it was heading... MINHO and THOMAS 223 to the end of the corridor...and the entrance to some kind of tunnel. They stop, peering into the darkness. Before MINHO can object, THOMAS starts walking...
40) 0) text: -..through pitch black, holding onto the curved Walls for balance, until he can see light creeping into the tunnel ahead of him. THOMAS calls back... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
40) 1) dialog: C'mon! It opens up! .--and starts moving faster... Behind him, MINHO is making his way forward...
40) 3) dialog: Wow... And steps out into the light. INT. STUDY - ALBY’S DWELLING
41) 0) text: THOMAS stands in the dusty alcove of a magnificent slot canyon, the smooth, undulating walls rising high above hi Passages snake off in every direction, bounded by twistin light tan walls. THOMAS takes it in, as MINHO emerges from the tunnel behi him, also captivated.
41) 2) dialog: Do you see this?
41) 4) dialog: Bread crumbs. Griever style...
42) 0) text: THOMAS and MINHO follow the trail in the sand left by the Griever... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 40. Jogging through the snaking passage, they pass under a massive rock overhang... Leap up onto a series of rises... Slide sideways through a narrow bottleneck...
43) 0) text: .--and finally emerge in front of a massive Cavern. THOMAS and MINHO slow down and cautiously approach the op rock face in front of them. As they walk closer, a faint HUM grounds louder... MINHO brandishes his spear. THOMAS does also... Then, across the bottom lip of the Cavern, two RED EYES emerge from the darkness. The GRIEVER. MINHO starts backing away...
43) 4) dialog: Well, that’s bad news then. THOMAS thinks a_beat, then hurls his spear like a javelin It bounces harmlessly off the first GRIEVER.
44) 0) text: Finally, they dive into the Tunnel, scrambling through th dark, when they hear the SHRIEK of their pursuers in unis As the terrible sound overcomes them, THOMAS and MINHO co their ears, stumble to a halt, frozen in terror. Then THO glances back...
44) 1) dialog: (incredulous ) They’re stopping... At the threshold of the Tunnel, the GRIEVERS sit, their STINGERS extending and retracting in what seems like a warning. MINHO takes a breath. Looks at THOMAS...
45) 0) text: MINHO and THOMAS jog back toward the Glade, the late afternoon sun fading. As they approach the Gate, they see NEWT, waiting. INT. HALLWAY - ALBY’S DWELLING MINHO and THOMAS, still in their Runner’s gear, now follo NEWT through ALBY’s Dwelling...
45) 1) dialog: There must be some mistake...
45) 6) dialog: 
45) 8) dialog: I have no idea who she is. (beat) Nothing about her is familiar. For a beat, his denial hangs there. THERESA seems hurt, confused...
45) 10) dialog: I swear! My mind’s a blank slate, just like the rest of you. Then harshly, back to THERESA...
45) 11) dialog: Why are you doing this? THERESA leans forward, growing in anger... 43.
46) 0) text: THOMAS walks through the trees with CHUCK, who’s updating on the latest gossip...
46) 2) dialog: It's not. (beat) These guys really have nothing better to do than spread rumors? CHUCK tries to assure him now...
46) 4) dialog: She's pretty. I already said she was pretty.
46) 6) dialog: Now you wanna tell me what’s wrong with these guys? CHUCK stammers...
46) 9) dialog: Go back to the Homestead, Chuck. CHUCK hesitates. THOMAS puts on a brave face...
46) 10) dialog: I'll be fine. Remember, I’m the guy who survived the Griever. CHUCK reluctantly assents and takes off toward safety. EXT. GALLY’S GROVE - NIGHT The CHANGED BOYS march THOMAS through a dark empty field an isolated corner of the Glade. There’s a dense Grove ahead, in front of which lies a massive overturned tree, rotting away slowly... The CHANGED BOYS shove THOMAS through the tangle of roots EXT. GALLY’S CLEARING - CONTINUOUS .--into an open clearing that backs against the Glade’s northern Wall...where it looks like someone’s been prepar for Armageddon. GALLY stands before a series of defensive fortifications angled spikes pointing out of shallow ditches -- laid out concentric circles around a_ round yurt-like structure, b against the base of the Wall.
46) 12) dialog: You live here with them? (beat ) I guess insanity’s contagious...
46) 14) text: A beat, as THOMAS realizes.. *
46) 16) dialog: Congratulations on being only half a freak. (beat) I still don’t know what you want from me...
46) 19) dialog: I’m done-- But GALLY suddenly grabs THOMAS by both shoulders with an unexpected strength and ferocity. A madness, brews just beneath the surface...
47) 0) text: THOMAS and MINHO run alongside each other... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 48.
47) 1) dialog: Are we really not gonna talk about this?
47) 3) dialog: What the girl said.. MINHO doesn’t even look at him. Sincere but abrupt...
47) 5) dialog: And Gally? MINHO ignores him. THOMAS (cont: D) The guy’s nuts... Why does Alby even put up with him? MINHO stops abruptly.
50) 0) text: THOMAS and MINHO have stopped for a quick water break ins a grassy corridor. They are mid-argument...
50) 1) dialog: I’m telling you we should go back to the cave. There could be something inside there!
53) 0) text: THOMAS jogs up to the Map Room, where one BAGGER stands b the door, anxious.
53) 1) dialog: They need you at the Homestead.
53) 3) dialog: I’1l watch her. The BAGGER looks at THOMAS, still in his Runner’s gear...
53) 4) dialog: You ever want to carry a spear out there, get moving! There’s about to be a riot! The BAGGER hesitates, and then takes off running... 54.
54) 0) text: THERESA has put together several stacks of maps on the central table. She looks up, startled to see THOMAS...
54) 2) dialog: Please. We need to talk.
54) 4) dialog: Theresa... I’m sorry. THERESA stops retreating but is still skeptical...
54) 5) dialog: I’m not sure how... But you were right. (beat) I do know you. His admission sinks in for both of them. THERESA waits fo him to elaborate...
54) 6) dialog: When they pulled you out of the Box...I realized right awa In fact, I had some kind of f ash. (beat) I might have seen where we come from. THERESA can’t believe what she’s hearing...
54) 8) dialog: (rambling) It’s not that simple. We were just little kids, but I think I saw your mother. And my father. Something was wrong and we were going away...
54) 10) dialog: I know. None of it does. And before you woke up. I heard your voice in my head. It’s like our minds are connected! His rambling only makes her confused, angry...
54) 13) dialog: We can’t tell them yet. It’s too dangerous. Now, she’s really shocked.
54) 15) dialog: We don’t even know what it means... They ve been here three years and not. ing changes. Then, we show up and it’s all falling apart! 55. THOMAS stops, takes a breath. Takes a few steps closer to THERESA. With a softer tone...
54) 16) dialog: There’s a guy outside right now, Gally, trying to convince them it’s our fault there’s no more water. That we’re the reason their world is crumbling around them. This gets THERESA’s attention. Slowly realizing THOMAS’ may be justified...
54) 18) dialog: That's why I’m here... To see if we can o disc out what’s happening. If we discover anything useful, I promise we’ll come clean. But until then, we have to keep quiet.
54) 20) dialog: If we need to, yes. (beat) If they think we're a threat, if they turn on us... fear 56.
54) 22) dialog: Alby may seem like a good guy but 1 do whatever it takes to keep a lid on this place. THERESA considers this.
54) 23) dialog: Please, you have to trust me. A long beat, then...
54) 25) dialog: I don’t know. Do you remember anything more than my name?
54) 27) dialog: Comfortable. (beat) Me too...Out in the Maze, it’s like I've seen it before. A moment, then THERESA beckons THOMAS closer to her...
54) 30) dialog: They know that. THERESA gives him an eye...
54) 32) dialog: What is it?
54) 34) dialog: Amazing...
54) 36) dialog: But what do we do with them? THOMAS and THERESA slowly look up from the maps and study each other. Then...
54) 41) dialog: Min, you said yourself, even if we can draw them out, we have no idea--
58) 3) dialog: Tomorrow...the only thing that’s gonna help is a miracle.
59) 0) text: THOMAS and MINHO lead the other Runners -- ARON, JAYSON, TIM -- in formation through the Canyons, toward the Griev Hole. They stop at the narrow bottleneck, beyond which is the o Cavern. MINHO looks each Runner in the eye, one-by-one.
62) 0) text: -+-through the bottleneck and then UP... to find THOMAS wedged high above, between the two Walls of the Canyon, a the Grievers roll by beneath him...As THOMAS drops hard t the floor below...
64) 0) text: THOMAS approaches the Griever Cave, now quiet. He steps o the threshold into the shadows of...
65) 0) text: .»..-a dark, domed chamber. There’s a light glow at the v back, about twenty yards ahead, and THOMAS moves cautious toward it.
67) 0) text: THOMAS has reached the back of the chamber and the openin the base of the wall. He kneels to look inside.
69) 0) text: THOMAS’ POV as he stares into an enormous underground cav the size of an airplane hanger... The ground is solid cement, but the sloping rock walls ar lattice-work of round openings all the way across the ceiling. This is a hive. And, at the far end of the cavern, too far to make out an det4ils...there’s a round STEEL DOOR. SPIN BACK AROUND... to THOMAS, taking it all in from abov focused on the distant DOOR, élated. Trying to get a clos look, he dips his head down... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 63. Triggering...a wailing SIREN. Now, all over the cavern walls, one-by-one the holes are lighting up with that familiar red glow. HUNDREDS of GRIE eyes. The hive has awakened...
71) 0) text: THOMAS’ POV... bounding toward the alcove where he’1l fac the same scene as JAYSON... But, THOMAS stops just before emerging. He slips off his backpack and takes out a crossbow, which he aims at the canyon wall ten feet above. He fires...THWACK...and an arrow, attached to a long line of rope, embeds in the roc wa . THOMAS finds the end of the rope, and threads it through another arrow...
72) 1) text: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 64. MINHO reaches out to make sure its secure... And, now THOMAS comes flying through the alcove, knees tu to his chest, as he rides the rope like a zip line ten fe above the ground... Letting go at the last second...
73) 0) text: ..-and flying into the Tunnel, feet-first, as the GRIEVER SHRIEK in fury. THOMAS, on his back, looks around and clocks MINHO, ARON, TIM. He now knows JAYSON didn’t make it. MINHO extends a hand to help him up. THOMAS hesitates...
73) 1) dialog: I think I did something.
73) 4) dialog: I still say we figure out a way to get down there... But MINHO’s out of patience...
74) 0) text: The familiar East Gate to the Maze. Two RUNNERS, ARON and TIM stand watch in the clearing as the last light in the fades. NIGHT. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 65. But no bolts extend from the Walls. They remain still. Th Gate...OPEN. In the eerie quiet, ARON and TIM share a loo of absolute terror. INT. STUDY - ALBY’S DWELLING THOMAS faces ALBY and MINHO, his confidence shattered.
74) 1) dialog: I’m sorry guys. I really thought we were onto something. Before either of them can answer, they’re interrupted by growing din of a crowd outside... ALBY approaches the window, THOMAS and MINHO close behind him... EXT. ALBY’S CLEARING - THE GLADE - NIGHT ALBY, THOMAS, and MINHO look down into the clearing where most of the GLADERS have gathered. At the front of the mob is GALLY.
74) 13) dialog: Don’t. The Glade needs you. Save as many of them as you can. MINHO reluctantly holds back, and the BAGGERS drag away THOMAS and THERESA.
75) 1) dialog: (whispers ) . I won’t let anything happen...
75) 4) dialog: Wait! ...tearing him away from THERESA. THOMAS screams...
75) 5) dialog: Where are you taking her?! .--as he disappears into the darkness. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 68.
78) 0) text: THOMAS also hears it. He gets up from the tiny cot in his cell and strains to look down the empty hallway...
87) 0) text: THOMAS has flipped over the cot in his cell and is bracin the frame against the wall, furiously trying to stomp it pieces. Then... A SHRIEK... from down the hall, and he stomps one more time...
90) 0) text: As THOMAS freezes in place. He’s nearly broken off the longest piece of the cot’s frame, but now stands still. He takes a breath, tries to focus...
90) 1) dialog: Theresa, you’re doing it again...
91) 2) dialog: It’s me...
91) 4) dialog: This is what I was talking about! It’s some kind of telepathy! Where did they take you?
92) 0) text: Her voice trails off in THOMAS’ head...
92) 1) dialog: Theresa??? Now frantic..
93) 0) text: The tree cluster is now covered in climbing GRIEVERS, sev nearly level with the walkways... MINHO races to where the first GRIEVER is about to overta BAGGER, who's clubbing it to no avail... MINHO arrives Just as the GRIEVER’S STINGER rockets up, stabbing the BAGGER right through the forehead... As the BAGGER collapses, the GRIEVER pulls itself up onto walkway, exposing it’s belly for a split second... Which MINHO ferociously IMPALES with his spear. He drops shoulder and lunges forward, sending the GRIEVER flying.. MINHO watches in pappy disbelief as the GRIEVER crashes t the forest floor below. He looks to his left, and sees... NEWT has witnessed the move...and quickly repeats it...sending another GRIEVER hurling to the ground... MINHO looks to his right and sees... ADBY completely still amidst the madness, his expression lan! Then, that awful RUMBLE again, and the GRIEVERS below par let through... A barreling onslaught of rolling GRIEVERS, which collide the base of the trees, sending splinters o£ wood explodin into the air... The walkways heave...and a BAGGER loses his footing, plummeting into the seething creatures below. Then, the next GRIEVER impacts, and the tree sways... EXT. GALLY’S GROVE THOMAS races across the field toward Gally’s Grove... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 73. The overturned tree’s massive tangle of roots has been obliterated -- a round tunnel carved right through it, exactly the shape of a rolling GRIEVER... THOMAS slows slightly, then bounds through it... EXT. GALLY’S CLEARING ...emerging into GALLY’S clearing, where... The barricades are all overturned, and the shelter lies i heap of rubble. Several bodies -- dressed in the rags of CHANGED BOYS -- are scattered amidst the wreckage. But no sign of THERESA. Then, from the trees to his right... a SHRIEK. THOMAS spo a barely visible path and takes off toward it...
94) 0) text: py gronning past the bodies of three more CHANGED BOYS, l flat on their stomachs, mowed down from behind. Suddenly SOMETHING dashes out of the trees cutting him of It’s one of the SHEEP from the GLADE’S small herd, which BLEATS, before disappearing... Ahead, THOMAS can see the Stables...
95) 0) text: «+-a long building with a central hallway lined with padd for the various animals. THOMAS enters. Down the hall to his left, he hears moveme in the darkness. He sprints right, past empty paddocks un spotting a fully enclosed room in the back corner. He opens his mouth to shout, when, from inside the room..
96) 4) dialog: Let’s get out of here.
100) 0) text: THOMAS and THERESA race back down the Stable’s central Hallway. They are about to run out the exit when, from the opposit end of the building...
100) 2) dialog: He wants us dead! THERESA still doesn’t move. Off her look...
100) 3) dialog: Fine! But you stay here. She ignores that also... THOMAS moves down the dark Hallway, THERESA a few steps behind him, until they can_see the GRIEVER slowing forcin GALLY back against the wall. THOMAS looks around frantically, and picks up a three-pro HAY FORK lying on the ground. THOMAS stops ten feet behind the GRIEVER. GALLY now sees and stares in disbelief. why? GALLY ly? The GRIEVER spins to face THOMAS...
100) 4) dialog: I’m not what you think I am! .--and starts inching toward him. THOMAS suddenly lunges and STABS the GRIEVER directly bet its S, glowing red eyes, embedding the HAY FORK deep in i The GRIEVER SHRIEKS in agony...
100) 5) dialog: Cc’mon! 76. .--allowing GALLY to slide past it and regroup behind THO
100) 6) dialog: Take the girl and get out of here! GALLY hesitates a moment, then looks at THERESA...
102) 5) dialog: The others? By the look on MINHO’s face, THOMAS knows the answer. THOMAS turns back to the survivors...WINSTON is applyin pressure to another BOY’S bleeding leg, and ATLAS is help ashion a splint, while CLINT scurries among them. But there's no sign of ZACK, ARON, TIM and so many other fami aces.
102) 6) dialog: Alby... MINHO shakes his head, his eyes glistening as the anguish overtakes him. THOMAS finally spots CHUCK sitting up, alone in the crowd His clothes are torn and he’s holding his sleeve to his o wounded head. THOMAS turns to THERESA...
102) 7) dialog: That boy over there, by himself...
102) 9) dialog: Gally was right. (beat She and I are different. We can do things I can’t explain. And before the Glade, we knew each other. GALLY says nothing. NEWT and MINHO are shocked...
102) 11) dialog: Just a glimpse of the world we came from... MINHO can’t believe this...
102) 13) dialog: Nothing useful. Nothing that will help us get out of here. They continue staring at him, expectantly...
102) 14) dialog: There was ash falling from the sky. People were scared. And my father. He was sending me someplace... He trails off as the others absorb this. And then, NEWT snaps, gesturing at the carnage...
102) 16) dialog: Just wait... Let us show you. (to Theresa) You have it? THERESA nods and hands over a sheet of paper which THOMAS unfolds. On the page is a sketch of the Maze -- a circle Theresa h divided into six wedges, like slices of a pie. Inside eac wedge is a Runic Symbol" Five are clear, complete, and on half-formed... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 79.
102) 17) dialog: The Maze wasn’t moving to change up the routes. It was forming these ols. Theresa found them. The last one’s incomplete because the grassland maps aren’t finished... As MINHO, GALLY, and NEWT take it in...
102) 18) dialog: We’re on your side. I don’t know how else to prove it. A beat, and then, matter-of-fact...
102) 21) dialog: (to Minho) I can go through the Changing. MINHO and THERESA look at THOMAS in disbelief...
102) 24) dialog: If Gally’s right, it could bring back the rest of my memory. There’s a chance I’1l remember something we’ve all been missing. THERESA can’t believe what she’s hearing...
102) 29) dialog: So do I, Min. I’m a Glader. (beat) . A Maze Runner. And escape is all that matters. A beat, as THOMAS’ resolve sinks in. THERESA turns away f him. NEWT looks up at the sky which is beginning to lighten...
102) 32) dialog: I have an idea.
102) 34) dialog: Gally will help me through it. GALLY studies THOMAS and slowly nods. And, MINHO realizes there’s no more use arguing.
103) 0) text: THOMAS enters his old cell. He approaches the spot where GRIEVER’S STINGER was embedded in the rock wall and caref removes a still glistening needle. 81.
104) 0) text: The surviving GLADERS march through the Maze, THOMAS and MINHO in the lead. NEWT and ATLAS guard the rear, while THERESA and CLINT help along the most severely wounded. The GLADERS, inside the Maze for the first time, stare in at its massive Walls and endless corridors. Only GALLY, limping along, keeps his eyes down, blocking his surroundings...
105) 0) text: They finally arrive at a large circular room in the Grasslands, with four passages leading off in the cardina directions. As THOMAS looks around...
105) 5) dialog: Let’s get started. 82.
106) 0) text: The Walls of the Maze form a small, square room, where GA is driving the last of four spikes into the ground, at th corners of a blanket. Each spike is attached to a rope th will tie down THOMAS’ hands and ankles... A CRYSTAL TUBE of SERUM is laid out on a rag, alongside t Griever’s STINGER. THOMAS watches as GALLY finishes...
106) 1) dialog: What’s it like? Really... GALLY looks up at him.
106) 4) dialog: And, what if I’m not as strong as you? GALLY thinks, and for a moment, seems to soften.
106) 7) dialog: A big ‘Exit’ sign too much to ask for? She doesn’t even smile.
106) 9) dialog: I don’t know...The whole bitter lunatic vibe is growing on me. THERESA begins to tremble, and he realizes how upset she is... THOMAS (CONT’D) I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to--
106) 11) dialog: I have to try. This is bigger than us. Those guys out there are counting on me. She steps closer. THOMAS looks up at her..
107) 0) text: Those same eyes...on a thirteen-year-old girl, standing i the second-story window of that brick townhouse. 84. THERESA’S POV this time, Jooking out on the street below, where a young THOMAS stands amidst a gentle shower of whi snowflakes, staring back at her. THERESA presses her hand to the window, reaching out to h best friend, her soulmate, as we...
108) 0) text: THOMAS, now directly in front of her, their faces inches apart. His lips don’t move...
108) 1) dialog: What did you see? And neither do her's...
108) 4) dialog: I lost you once before and still managed to find you. Here, in the worst place imaginable. I'’11 find you again. I promise. THERESA backs away, devastated.
109) 0) text: THOMAS is on his back, tied to the stakes, a piece of woo between his teeth to bite down on. GALLY slowly slides the Griever stinger into the soft sid THOMAS’ elbow, holding the needle in his flesh as the bla venom courses into him, darkening his veins as it spreads As THOMAS’ teeth clench, he throws his head to one side, spitting out the wood in agony. GALLY raises the molten, yellow Serum to his lips and THO devours it. GALLY lays down the empty CRYSTAL TUBE. THOMAS turns to i and for the first time, can clearly see his own reflectio Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 85. A beat as THOMAS stares at his own face, then... THOMAS’ entire body spasms like he’s being electrocuted. pupils suddenly blow, overtaking the whites of his eyes a We...
110) 0) text: ++.a cavernous hanger filled with bunk beds, stacked thre high, row after row, a seemingly endless warehouse of...SLEEPING CHILDREN. We arrive at THOMAS, filthy and gaunt. - .who bolts uprig a flashlight shines "direct. y in his face...
111) 0) text: ...THOMAS, now cleaned up and healthy, stares through a g partition at a thrashing GRIEVER bracketed to the floor o sterile white laboratory... A robotic arm swings into view, carrying one of the CRYST TUBES filled with the Serum. But this TUBE feeds a syring which is now inches from the creature’s flesh. The syring rimes itself...and a single drop of familiar yellow Fa id alls to the laboratory floor. The GRIEVER, frantic with fear, lets out a bloodcurdling SHRIEK, as that VOICE whispers...
113) 0) text: ..-a MYSTERY POV moves through the familiar structures of Glade, but something is different. The shelters look less worn, the trees they hang in, younger. And scattered on the ground, as far as the eye can see, t are BODIES. We walk over the CORPSES, toward the only audible sound...a soft, plaintive whimpering. Finally, behind one of the largest trees, we find its sou THOMAS is cradling THERESA, who’s curled in the fetal osition. Their clothes are ripped, and they’re covered in lood.
113) 2) dialog: I’m sorry...I’m so sorry...
114) 0) text: ...THERESA and CHUCK, huddled beside each other, as THOMA lets out a tortured SCREAM that echoes throughout the Maz THERESA clenches her hands over her ears, burying her hea her lap, trying to drown out the sound of THOMAS’ agony a we... FADE OUT.
115) 0) text: THOMAS’ POV...through a groggy haze: A gray sky. All arou stone Walls rising {mpossib y high. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 87. THOMAS slowly sits up, unsteady, as his vision slowly com into focus. He sees GALLY approaching with a canteen of water. THOMAS’ voice is dry, cracking...
115) 1) dialog: They'll keep sending us. They’11 keep killing more kids til we solve it.
116) 0) text: The GLADERS are all hunkered down, some sleeping, others leaning against the Walls, nervous, waiting. CHUCK is studying a cross-bow, awkwardly pretending to ai it. MINHO, NEWT, and ATLAS are each stationed at one of t entrances to the room. THERESA is seated by the passage to the dead end, keeping vigil for THOMAS. CHUCK lowers the crossbow, MINHO turns, and slowly everyo stares as... THOMAS steps into the circle, GALLY behind him. He bears mark of a terrible ordeal, his face more creased, like he aged half-a-decade. THERESA rushes to embrace him. But THOMAS stands stiff, unsure how to react, as THERESA wraps her arms around him She steps back...
116) 2) dialog: I’m fine. He’s all business. THERESA, hurt and confused, moves away while THOMAS scans the room for CLINT. THOMAS (CONT’D The Serum. How much is left of it? CLINT doesn't reply, still shocked THOMAS can speak.
116) 7) dialog: The Serum counteracts the Griever venom. It heals us. At least, that’s how this group chose to use it. (beat) But that’s not all it does... MINHO’s beginning to understand...
116) 9) dialog: For us, it’s medicine. For them, it’s poison. MINHO considers this...
116) 11) dialog: We have to fight our way into the Hive. The symbols are an access code...the combination to open that door. (beat We have five of the six. We’ll have to get lucky on the last one... MINHO digests the difficulty of what THOMAS is proposing. ATLAS doesn’t like one word of it...
116) 14) dialog: We can dip the spears and arrows, but there’s only enough Serum to arm a few of us. MINHO nods, then turns to GALLY...
116) 16) dialog: When the door opens, we’ll come back for everyone.
117) 4) dialog: Hi, Chuck. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 90.
117) 6) dialog: We're close. That I’m sure of.
117) 8) dialog: Whatever happens tonight, just be careful. CHUCK looks up at THOMAS waiting for more words of encouragement. But he’s met only with awkward silence. THOMAS walks away, now approaching THERESA, who’s helping WINSTON pack up the last of the rations. She stands to greet him...
117) 10) dialog: There’s something you need to know. Reluctantly, THERESA follows him...
118) 0) text: ...into a corner where they can be alone. She stares at h hurt and silent. THOMAS takes a breath and confesses...
118) 1) dialog: You and I...We were here before. With another group of kids. And because of us, those kids are dead now. She gasps, absorbing the blow...
118) 2) dialog: The people who built the Maze...They selected us. Separated us from the others and gave us...special skills. We were too young to understand anything. We must have thought it was a game. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 91. THERESA looks like she’s going to be ill. But THOMAS show no compassion. THOMAS (CONT’D) We have a chance to get it right now. But I need you to focus. A long beat as THERESA remains silent, reeling. Then...
118) 4) dialog: I don’t know Theresa. I just feel * different. * THERESA absorbs this.
118) 6) dialog: there i abomething else, Theresa. getting *Edrough that Hive. It’s just the beginning.
119) 0) text: THOMAS, MINHO, and NEWT armed with poison-tipped cross-bo and spears, are perched at the portal to the GRIEVER corridor, the rumbling sound of the passing creatures disappearing down the ramp and out into the Maze...
120) 0) text: THOMAS, MINHO, and NEWT walk slowly toward the now famili opening to the Griever Hive cavern. But as they approach, 1 is quiet. MINHO and THOMAS trade looks.
122) 0) text: ...where two dozen GRIEVERS pulsate throughout the cavern space. Most are clustered at the far end, near the steel door. NEWT looks at THOMAS.
124) 0) text: NEWT slowly lowers THOMAS into the chamber, while MINHO stands alert, cross-bow at the ready... THOMAS drops off the rope on the hard floor. Several of t closest GRIEVERS spin to face him... The nearest GRIEVER is about twenty feet away and now fas approaching. From above...
124) 2) dialog: No. I wanna do this up close. The GRIEVER slithers forward.
126) 0) text: THOMAS, aiming his cross-bow, stares down the GRIEVER, no ten feet away. He shouts up to MINHO and NEWT...
126) 1) dialog: You_ever notice? These things smell awful... -..and fires...THWAP! THUCK! The Serum-soaked arrow embeds in the GRIEVER’S fle The GRIEVER stops moving and SHRIEKS...then begins slowly pulsing, and...expels the arrow, which falls to the floor Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 94,
126) 3) dialog: (panicked) No... And then...the GRIEVER once again STOPS. Its mouth opens wide, and its STINGER shoots forward, stopping inches fro THOMAS’ face. For a brief moment, THOMAS stares directly past the needl into the GRIEVER'S glowing red eyes. And, then, its gelatinous peae begins sinking into the fl dissolving into a bubbling dle of tar-like slime, its solid STINGER finally crashing to the ground, a harmless piece of debris. A long beat as THOMAS, MINHO, and NEWT stare in disbelief the first dead GRIEVER they’ve ever seen. Then, one-by-one, every other GRIEVER in the cavern turns face THOMAS and what’s left of their fallen comrade.
126) 4) dialog: Looks like we got their attention.
128) 0) text: THOMAS stands facing the horde of GRIEVERS, MINHO and NEW now beside him. The creatures have crowded together, but otherwise are still, seemingly passive...
128) 2) dialog: Uh. Oh.
130) 0) text: THOMAS, MINHO and NEWT cower, as the HIVE GRIEVERS have combined into a enormous, teeming, SWARM, towering above them. And then...the SWARM slowly begins to take FORM... Morphing into razor-sharp CLAWS. A NEEDLE-covered torso. swinging TAIL coated in still more poisonous STINGERS... -.-until a massive SCORPION-like creature now stands betw them and the doorway. A QUEEN GRIEVER.
132) 2) dialog: Not sure we can kill it!
132) 4) dialog: Now what?
134) 5) dialog: Ok... THWAP! THWAP!...MINHO and NEWT each fire simlutaneously.. MINHO shouts to THOMAS, who’s now got three symbols in pl and hunting for the fourth...
134) 7) dialog: Working as fast as I can...
134) 11) dialog: C'mon... A beat, the symbol glows red and then... the whole screen resets. THOMAS explodes...
134) 12) dialog: Damn it!!! 100. SLAMMING his fist into the still-closed door, then turnin find both MINHO and NEWT backing toward him, the QUEEN bearing down on all of them... THWAP!...THOMAS fires and, for a moment, the QUEEN slows, quickly recovers... THOMAS slings his empty bow over his shoulder. He, MINHO, and NEWT now have only their spears as The QUEEN surges forward... THOMAS runs at the QUEEN, wind-milling his spear to parry CLAWS... And then... THOMAS leaps into the air, stabs the center o the QUEEN’S torso, straight through, top-to-bottom, and pushes off the spear, vaulting over it... For a beat the QUEEN is pinned to the ground, but it buck furiously, rotating to face THOMAS. NEWT and MINHO try to engage, but, the QUEEN whips its TA in a fury, knocking their spears from their hands and sen the weapons scattering to a far corner... Now, THOMAS, NEWT, and MINHO all stand unarmed... Exhausted, ready to give up...
134) 14) dialog: As a matter of fact...
135) 0) text: MINHO and NEWT divide up the remaining arrows from ATLAS’ old quiver, while CLINT and WINSTON hold the rope steady, the last of the GLADERS slide down into the Hive. THOMAS stands beside THERESA, entering the first five symbols, while she studies the KEYBOARD... When he’s ready for the last one... Without hesitation, THERESA points to one of the symbols. He looks at her...
135) 2) dialog: You're alive...
135) 5) dialog: He’s been Changed.
135) 7) dialog: Put down the bow, Alby. Whatever you think you saw, I can explain... But ALBY is maniacal...
135) 11) dialog: It’s over Alby...
135) 18) dialog: I’1l tell them you were a hero, Chuck. Braver than all the Runners. Suddenly from above, a SHRIEK...and a GRIEVER drops into Cavern. Then ANOTHER... THERESA turns back to the door and drags the final symbol into place. All six symbols glow green on the image of th Maze. Then, the screen goes blank. And finally, it reads: “MAZE TRIAL: COMPLETE.” A beat, then the ground begins to SHAKE, and the steel do rises out of the rock, and rolls to the side, revealing a platform. THERESA steps inside and looks up.
136) 0) text: THOMAS, THERESA, NEWT, and the GLADERS stand silent, somb as the elevator slows to a stop before another steel door The door opens. And the GLADERS all stare in AWE...
137) 6) dialog: Because they never gave up.
137) 14) dialog: Min -- 106.
137) 17) dialog: (whispers ) I know what it looks like. But this isn’t over yet. The WOMAN presses a button and a door opens in the glass partition. THOMAS looks at THERESA and together they walk forward an step inside. As they watch the CONSORTIUM OFFICERS begin rounding up the GLADERS...
137) 19) dialog: I am.
137) 21) dialog: We’re not alone. Suddenly, THOMAS and THERESA, reach into their waistbands paid out serrated BLADES. They grab the BALD MAN and the OMAN, holding the knives to their throats... The armed CONSORTIUM OFFICERS all turn, but they’re separ by the glass. THOMAS barks to one of the adult TECHNICIANS still seated the computer terminal... 107.
137) 22) dialog: Bring up the profiles!
137) 24) dialog: Or I’1l cut his throat. The BALD MAN nods, frantic, and the TECHNICIAN goes to wo
137) 25) dialog: Start with Minho. The TECHNICIAN hits a few buttons and the monitors all broadcast one giant image of... MINHO, no more than eleven years old, atop a smiling man’ shoulders, standing by the Golden Gate Bridge. Next to th is a beautiful woman cradling an infant gir THOMAS looks out through the glass at MINHO. Over the intercom...
137) 26) dialog: You're from San Francisco, Min. You had a mother and fathér. A baby sister named Kim. MINHO can’t take his eyes off the photo, and for the firs time, we see tears stream down his face. The monitor ghanges and now it’s a young NEWT, on a farm, kneeling amidst half-a-dozen oung ids; a stern older man looking on, arm around his wife’s waste. THOMAS (CONT’D) Newt, you were born in Oklahoma. Oldest of six. NEWT’s hardened facade crumbles. As the GLADERS stand silent, the monitors cycle through a short montage of FAM PHOTOS, concluding with... THOMAS. His FATHER’S arm around him, center-field at Yank Stadium. THOMAS looks up, focusing on his dad...
137) 27) dialog: That’s my father. My best friend. I don’t know if he, or anyone else is still alive out there. But I intend to find out. THOMAS locks eyes with MINHO...
137) 28) dialog: You once told me... Never stop mov" beat ) (MORE)
137) 30) dialog: I know we’re all tired. But if we want to really be free, we need to keep running. (beat) We survived the Maze. We defeated the Grievers. And I don’t know about you, but I’m done being a pawn in someone else’s game. (beat) We can do this, Min. Together, we can do anything. MINHO looks around at the CONSORTIUM OFFICERS who stand, unsure what to do. At the exhausted GLADERS. And back at THOMAS. He nods. THOMAS gives the TECHNICIAN one last order...
137) 31) dialog: Unlock the access doors to the street. Now the WOMAN shouts...
137) 33) dialog: You wanted to see how we’d handle your puzzle? This is our solution. (beat) I said let us out.