82) 24) text: A strange light glows to one side of the platform and we SEE the amorphous figure of THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN T WORLD - or is it the DUST WITCH? - take shape. She moves forward sinuously, and in the light, we can now SEE Mr. Dark standing beside what appears to be an electric chair with wires running from it. And seated in it, the lightni rod salesman Tom Fury, a lightning rod clasped in his han His face is that of a madman. As he stares at -
84) 0) text: Waxlike figures, breathing and with their eyes open. ** On the platform, Tom Fury still lies slumped, but we can HEAR his harsh BREATHING. Dark turns toward the shadowed figure of the Dust Witch/Most Beautiful Woman - in the ** dimness, we cannot make out which. With his BACK TO CAMERA, Dark raises his hands, the palms turned upwards. Find them. She stretches her hands out into the glow of light - long, beautiful hands with elongated fingernails. ae They touch Dark's hands, tracing an invisible picture on his palms, sifting dust...
136) 1) dialog: We recognize the incredible elongated HANDS as she lifts them and points to the library - and SEE over her shoulde Mr. Dark standing, watching. Dust sifts from her fingerti
138) 5) text: The Dust Witch puts her long fingers on the hoys' lips, closing them, as:
138) 11) text: The Dust Witch, in half shadow, turns towards Halloway wh is leaning against the books.
140) 0) text: The Dust Witch stands near Halloway who waits, staring. She lifts her right hand toward him. It's a beautiful hand, glowing with a red bloodstone ring, as she first touches him.
142) 0) text: Halloway is lying on the marble floor of the library, still and quiet as in death. In the b.g. we SEE the Dust Witch gliding across the floor and out of the door, which BANGS SHUT after her.
150) 1) text: The Dust Witch stands there, her eyes gleaming catlike in the shadows. She sees Will and moves sinuously towards him, around him, caressing his face with her extraordinar long hands. He remains still. Behind him, she leans forwa her long, silky hair veiling his face. Dust sifts from he fingertips, as she begins to wind the hair around his thr There is a strangled MOAN o.s. and we SEE:
153) 0) text: The Dust Witch has wound a silken hair collar around Will's throat. It seems to pulse like a great snake as her long hands stroke it. Eyes closed, lips parted, she weaves her head almost orgasmically as she begins to pull the gleaming strands tight... tighter... Suddenly she pauses, lifts her head as she hears: HALLOWAY'S VOICE 0.S. Will...t
155) 2) text: The distant figures of Will, seated, still as a statue - and the Dust Witch behind him, her hands at his throat. She stares back at Halloway down the corridor of mirrors.
159) 0) text: Tom Fury, as though galvanized by the lightning, springs to life. Sparks dance around him - blue flames leap along the lightning rod in his hand. His eyes are fixed on the entrance to the mirror maze. He moves towards it. Another CRACKLE of lightning - and a SCREAM from the Dust Witch o.s. Tom Pury plunges past Will and into:
160) 1) text: The Dust Witch enclosed in the misted mirrors, which pres in on her from every side, holding her fast. Rime seems to gather on the mirrors... And it is as though she were once again. back in the long floe of ice we saw in the undertaker's parlor - once agai the MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD, sleeping in eterna frost.