1) 0) text: —_—— REN OWN ~ DAY A big, almost empty schoolroom in a small American town in a timeless age between the late 1920's and the early 1930's. The SILENCE is underlined by the breathy TICK of a schoolroom clock and the SCRATCHING of two pens. We SEE TWO YOUNG BOYS sitting at their desks writing. Their names are WILL HALLOWAY and JIM NIGHTSHADE. will is as fair as Jim is dark. The only other person in the room is MISS FOLEY, the schoolmistress. She is about forty, very plain indeed, with a dress buttoning up to her neck and an expression of sadness. On the blackboard behind her, in copperplate handwriting, is the line that the boys have to write out as a punish=- ment: "We must not whisper to each other in class."
1) 1) text: We SEE Will, his paper covered with the lines, writing out the last of them. Then we SEE Jim. He is drawing on an odd sheet of paper, a cruel caricature of Miss Foley, her beaky nose, her jutting chin. As Jim finishes drawing, he HEARS a step behind him and, opening the lid of his desk a erack, slid the drawing in.
4) 0) text: Long aisles of mysterious stacks of books. A notice Says: "SILENCE". In the stacks, a man stands, check- ing books from a list he is holding. He is CHARLES HALLOWAY, a man in his early fifties. He looks up at the SOUND of a book being dropped.
4) 10) text: Jim appears from a high, book-lined gallery. oIM Mine sure does. He's in Africa right now. But he's coming back real soon. .
7) 0) text: ——— i BEDROOM — DAY MRS. NIGHTSHADE, a once pretty middle-aged woman grown Plump and lazy, is lying in bed drinking tea and feeding a fat and idle cat, who is snoozing on her eiderdown, with bits of biscuit.
10) 0) text: Ed, the one-armed, one-legged bartender, slaps the Sports page on the counter.
10) 1) dialog: Boy, you see what Notre Dame did? Halloway enters. With ritual promptness, Ed pours a- shot glass, hands it to him. Halloway, lifting the glass, nods to Ed and, beyond him, down the bar to an older man with grey hair, DR. DOUGLAS.
10) 3) dialog: You know what Northwestern's DOUGLAS gonna do tomorrow...? (nods, lifts his glass) Remember your heart. Just one drink. And one cigar.
10) 4) text: «»-Boy, don't I wish I was out there!... Throw! Run! Grab! Touchdown! God, oh Ged, man!
10) 11) dialog: (beams) Always was!
16) 0) text: ————— a _E_SUNERAL PARLOR ~ DUSK Halloway comes out of Ed's Bar, strolls down the street. A gust of WIND blows a Piece of paper against his legs. He picks it up casually - and at the same moment his attention is distracted by the SOUND of a door slamming ©.S. He looks up to see: The dark figure of a MAN crossing the street, now and again throwing handbills to the window. Intrigued, Halloway moves nearer to the faintly illumi- nated window of a neighboring Funeral Parlor, looks down at the flimsy pink throwaway in his hand. It reads: "DARK'S CARNIVAL.
20) 0) text: —_—_— BEDROOM ~ NIGHT Will, lying in bed, eyes open, HEARS - HALLOWAY'S VOICE 0.s. I feel restless. Must be a storm coming. *
22) 0) text: dim, in bed, reading with a flashlight. He turns to a page illustrated with head-hunters, holding ghastly shrunken heads. He looks up as he HEARS:
24) 1) text: move along the concrete downtown sidewalk, his bag TINKLI in his hand. The feet stop. CAMERA PULLS UP AND BACK to reveal: TOM FURY staring in at: THE OBLONG OF ICE in the shop window, with the shape of beauty in it. Faint MUSIC stirs. The red bloodstone ring seems to pulse with life.
29) 0) text: Will pops his eyes open, in bed.
30) 0) text: Sr OSE SIM'S BEDROOM — NIGHT Jim does the same. The o.s. train SOUND is nearer.
35) 7) text: Jim scampers down the side of his house. Will, at his window, half-dressed, whispers down.
40) 0) text: The boys run INTO SHOT - stop short, in open-mouthed dis- belief as they see:
40) 1) text: The railroad track comes to an abrupt end in a writhing, tortured jumble of rusty iron, embedded in a tangle of grass and weeds.
42) 0) text: The boys enter the midway, dark, deserted, silent. They SEE the flashes of light as the Mirror Maze reflects distant lightning. And HEAR a strange soughing breath- ing SOUND from the tent canvases billowing around them in the darkness as though sucking in the night air.
45) 3) text: The melted ice on the floor. And then he SEES the red blo stone ring lying in a pool of water on the floor, and a few strands of long, lovely hair.
46) 0) text: Halloway lets himself in, closes the front door softly behind him. Starts up the stairs in the dim light from the street lamp outside. Pauses, startled, as he looks up and sees:
51) 0) text: At the edge of the Carnival, the boys pause. Will looks round, relieved.
51) 8) text: Pushing through the small crowd on his crutch, we see Ed, the barman. He picks up the hammer with his one hand.
51) 10) dialog: Hold this. He hands his crutch to Will. Balancing on his one leg, he swings the hammer with his one arm.
52) 0) text: The boys and Ed move along the midway, looking at the various stalls and sideshows. Then suddenly:
52) 3) text: Ed standing locking into the mirror maze. EXT. MIRROR MAZE ~— DAY 58 The boys run towards him, but before they reach him he hobbles in. They pull to a stop at the entrance and see him standing just inside, his expression rapt, transfixed.
52) 4) text: By some juxtaposition of the mirrors, Ed's reflection is that of a whole, normal man, all his limbs intact. He moves as though to throw a football. Then, grinning,
52) 10) text: His eye to the hole, from which comes flesh-colored illumination. We HEAR lascivious MUSIC o.s.
57) 0) text: The boys wave back, then turn to look at the caravan - th same one, dusty and deserted, which they saw the night before. They stare at a big padlock on the door. ae
59) 1) text: They pause at a curiously designed tent at the edge of the midway - look at:
60) 4) text: In the middle of the forest of brass poles stands MR. DAR The red-haired man drops the boys. ANOTHER ANGLE - BOYS IN F.G. They look up at: Mr. Dark on the edge of the carousel, dressed in a hairy dark suit that gleams, glistens, moves on his lithe body.
60) 6) text: Prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 42. 72 CONTINUED ° 72
60) 22) text: staring, filled with the kind of light that we saw coming out of the "Temple of Temptation", a faint fever of lust. Faintly, we can almost HEAR a WOMAN LAUGHING somewhere. There is a whisper of BELLS, MUSIC.
61) 0) text: At the edge of the meadow, Will stops, turns, grabs the tickets from Jim, tears them up despite Jim's YELL of protest, throws them away and runs on. Jim follows. Only the meadow at dusk remains, quietly blowing in the wind.
64) 0) text: —— ee eS BEDROOM ~ NIGHT We SEE Jim in his bed, fully dressed. We HEAR the MUSIC from downstairs o.s. INT. BALLOWAY HOUSE - WILL'S BEDROOM -— NIGHT 78 —_—_ ee aS BEDROOM — NIGHT -+-and Will, in bed, in his pajamas, as the CLOCK SOUND fades. He HEARS the bedroom door open o.s. A glass of milk appears beside him, placed by a quiet hand on his bedside table.
64) 1) text: Mr. Halloway looks at Will, then sits on the edge of his bed. There's a long pause. Then he says:
66) 0) text: — eet 8 BEDROOM - NIGHT Will's eyes open. He HEARS MUSIC far away - the CALLIOPE... and a SOUND outside. He gets up, goes to window, looks out and SEES: Prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 48.
67) 1) text: Will, stunned, whispers half~aloud.
71) 3) text: The boys, hidden, watch as Dark nods to Cooger, who, robot~like, climbs onto the carousel. Dark touches a control box nearby. Sparks leap. The box HUMS. The great carousel stirs. Jim fevers with this, fascinated. Will is startled.
74) 0) text: where Will freezes, startled. He sees:
75) 7) text: For a second the small boy passes close to the window. JIM'S VOICE 0.S. Don't you know, Will? BACK TO SCENE x Will peers at his friend, who looks hypnotized as he starts up the steps to the front door.
75) 12) text: The door opens. Miss Foley, in a dressing gown and nightdress, peers out, startled.
76) 0) text: Jim steps in, Will follows, stunned.
76) 2) text: A beaded curtain that hangs across the parlor entry like a rainfall of color. The CAMERA SHIFTS DOWN to find a pair of dusty shoes peeking out below the curtain as Miss Foley gabbles on: MISS FOLEY 0.S. Who says 'yes' to a nice slice of pumpkin pie and a glass of homemade lemonade?
76) 9) text: She gently pulls forth a tiny pink-candy hand. She pulls more. An arm comes out, attached to the hand. Now, following the arm, a shiny pink face of a SMALL BOY with red hair and fierce blue eyes shoves through the glass- bead rain.
76) 31) text: The small figure of Robert stands in the shadow of the porch. Jim takes a hesitant step towards him, pauses. Will stands motionless. A light goes on in an upstairs window, its beam shining directly down upon him. He stares at Robert, whowe eyes burn and flare hate. Suddenly, Robert stoops, picks up a rock and raises it, his fiery, Cooger-eyes fixed on Will's face. Will stands transfixed, terrified but unable to move. Then: In one swift movement, Robert turns and hurls the rock directly up at the lighted window. It CRASHES through the glass - and Robert is gone, vaulting lightly over the porch rail and disappearing silently into the shadows Only Will can be seen, motionless, bathed in the light from the broken window. Miss Foley appears at it, astonished, staring down at him.
82) 0) text: The boys peer left and right and see, on either side, Strange platforms on which weirdly contorted figures wait. Jim HISSES, nudges, passes along with Will as they peer to either side.
82) 5) text: There, among the weird figures, stiff and motionless as the others, but strangely changed, Mr. Crosetti the barbe still bearded and moustached but otherwise changed into a woman with a womanly figure, wreathed in belly-dancer's veils, a notice round his neck which reads: "MADAME
82) 8) text: The freaks’ eyes spring wide, Pop open. And the figure of a huge MAN enters the tent. For a moment he is silhou- etted in the flap opening. It is mr. Cooger, fully grown and restored to himself again.
82) 9) text: The terrified boys pull further back into the shadows as Mr. Cooger walks between the freaks toward a raised plat~ form, shrouded in darkness, from which we HEAR:
82) 16) text: In the darkness, we dimly make out a figure seated in a strange contraption in the center of the platform, holdin a lightning rod like a sceptre in one hand. The dim out- line of Mr. Dark looms close to him in the gloom, as:
82) 24) text: A strange light glows to one side of the platform and we SEE the amorphous figure of THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN T WORLD - or is it the DUST WITCH? - take shape. She moves forward sinuously, and in the light, we can now SEE Mr. Dark standing beside what appears to be an electric chair with wires running from it. And seated in it, the lightni rod salesman Tom Fury, a lightning rod clasped in his han His face is that of a madman. As he stares at -
82) 25) text: The Most Beautiful Woman in the World, her large, luminou eyes, her sensual mouth, her creamy skin, her long, silke hair, her incredible figure clad in a lovely flowing robe TOM FURY'S VOICE O.S. --- Most... Beautiful...
83) 2) text: Nothing. No one in sight. EXT. CARAVAN - NIGHT uae 99A We can just SEE two huddled shapes, two pairs of ‘frightened eyes peering out. ANOTHER ANGLE - UNDER CARAVAN - BOYS IN F.G. nat Beyond them we see the FEET of Mr. Cooger as he turns to look around him. They move away. After a moment, the boys start to wriggle out. EXT. MIDWAY - NIGHT wae 99B The boys run pell mell down the midway. ANOTHER ANGLE wae as they run past the guillotine, with its dummy figure stretched out on the block. As they pass, the mechanical executioner drops his arm. The blade HISSES down - CHOP! The shock causes the boys to stop in their tracks. They look down as:
84) 0) text: Waxlike figures, breathing and with their eyes open. ** On the platform, Tom Fury still lies slumped, but we can HEAR his harsh BREATHING. Dark turns toward the shadowed figure of the Dust Witch/Most Beautiful Woman - in the ** dimness, we cannot make out which. With his BACK TO CAMERA, Dark raises his hands, the palms turned upwards. Find them. She stretches her hands out into the glow of light - long, beautiful hands with elongated fingernails. ae They touch Dark's hands, tracing an invisible picture on his palms, sifting dust...
87) 0) text: The boys come pelting down the street in full panicked flight. Jim turns off to the Nightshade house and we FOLLOW Will as he runs fast towards his own house.
88) 0) text: a BEDROOM = NIGHT Halloway swings in swiftly, and he and Will sit half in, half out. Halloway gently touches the tears on his son's cheek, smiles at him.
89) 3) text: Jim, in his bed, sits up at a sudden NOISE. EXT. HALLOWAY AND NIGHTSHADE HOUSES - NIGHT - Fx 109 ee ES ~ NIGHT - FX The lightning rod falls, skitters, almost topples off the roof.
89) 7) text: SHADOWS drip down through the tree limbs. Strange shapes . Melt and fondle, probe and scurry through the leaves, knocking them off. The leaves change color as the shadows probe, from red and yellow they cringe and become brown. The shadow hovers and changes shape, with flexing mouths and great amorphous. eyes of steam and mist and rain and fog.
89) 8) text: Will heaves, GASPS, recovers, swings himself in through Jim's window. INT. JIM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT lilo Se BEDROOM ~ NIGRET The two boys huddle, GASPING, listening. There is absolute silence. Then, o.s., at the top of the house, there is a tiny NOISE of SCRATCHING. A SCRAPE. Some- thing passes over the house. The boys look up at the ceiling.
97) 0) text: Will casts a terrified glance toward the Street, as:
100) 0) text: Empty, the phone hanging abandoned and suspended. As the BAND POUNDS, BANGS, BRASSES by.
103) 0) text: The trays of cigars are open to the street, but in the window hangs a notice which says, "JUST SLIPPED OUT."
104) 0) text: where we can just distinguish the pale frightened faces of Jim and Will, crouched there in hiding.
104) 2) text: Among them we SEE people we recognize: Mr. Tetley, the "Wooden Indian", being wheeled on a small plat- form by TWO DWARFS; Mr. Crosetti, the bearded lady, and Tom Fury, borne aloft in his electric chair.
105) 0) text: The boys look at each other, wide-eyed at seeing their mutual dream become a reality.
106) 0) text: Halloway, slowed now, is threading his way through the sidewalk crowd outside Ed's bar. He passes a poster stuck on the wall for "DARK'S PANDEMONIUM CARNIVAL," then: DR. DOUGLAS VOICE 0.s. Hey, Charlie! Halloway sees Dr. Douglas standing at the closed door of the bar, beckoning to him.
108) 1) text: Jim's mother has paused to watch the parade.
111) 1) text: Mrs. Nightshade nods her head as though in decision and moves away, ticket in hand. As she does so, we SEE the parade dispersing in b.g., and the freaks moving among the crowd passing out handbills. INT. ED'S BAR — DAY Dr. Douglas, behind the bar, is dispensing drinks. He pushes a shot glass toward Halloway as:
112) 0) text: The boys jump as something falls through the Grille at their feet. They both look down to SEE a much chewed dog biscuit. At the same moment, there is a WHINE 0.S.
116) 0) text: Will stoops, picks up the dog biscuit, thrusts it up through the grille. The dog immediately snaps at it, GROWLING with pleasure. -
117) 0) text: The dog cavorts with pleasure on the end of its leash. The Dwarf, passing, suddenly turns back toward the grille as the girl gives the leash a tug, walks off with her boyfriend. ae OMITTED eee 148/149
118) 4) text: Will's HAND pokes up through the slots of the grille and closes around Halloway's shoe. Halloway, startled, looks down and SEES:
120) 0) text: Dark looms up. Halloway quickly steps onto the center of the grille, smiles pleasantly at Dark, then selects two cigars from the tray marked ‘Specials’ and throws some money onto the ‘counter.
125) 0) text: The boys react, stunned. Something splashes on Will's face. He looks up, as: DARK'S VOICE 0.s. Will is the fair-haired...
127) 0) text: Will, anguished, shakes his head "no" as he HEARS: HALLOWAY'S VOICE 0.S. (continuing) Come visit me, sir. If you would wish to improve your education.
136) 9) text: Will looks at his father, terrified.
136) 27) text: terrified, listens as: DARK'S VOICE 0.S. How'd you like to be a grownup, Jim? How'd that feel, do you fancy?
136) 30) text: his eyes and ‘face fevered, sweating, as: DARK'S VOICE 0.S. Come out to me, Jim. I am the father you're waiting for, my son!
136) 71) text: crushed by Dark's hand. We HEAR the bones CRACK - A CRY of pain.
136) 85) text: terrified, hears: tears start to his eyes. DARK'S VOICE 0.S. We put her on the merry-go-round... Will GASPS in a breath, faintly. A SOB escapes him.
140) 0) text: The Dust Witch stands near Halloway who waits, staring. She lifts her right hand toward him. It's a beautiful hand, glowing with a red bloodstone ring, as she first touches him.
141) 0) text: The boys, Dark and the dwarf on each side, move steadily forward. As they approach the spinning, lighted barber- pole, its rosy light illumines Will's face. He lifts it as though to the sun, eyes still closed. His mouth works desperately as though to cry out, but no sound comes.
144) 0) text: SOUND of the wind, which blows open a window not fastened properly. The window BANGS and CLATTERS. . The WIND blows round the stacks and the CAMERA MOVES DOWN to the crumpled pages of the Bible Dark left on the floor We SEE the crumpled pages start to move, skittering with a dry SOUND across the great marble desert of floor. The pages gain speed as the WIND gains strength.
144) 1) text: We SEE Halloway lying as though dead. A crumpled page of the Bible blows against his face. Then another, and another page blows against him... He slowly opens his eyes.
146) 0) text: Halloway has struggled to his feet. He stands leaning on the table, panting, BREATHLESS. He looks around at the empty aisles, empty air with filtering dust between the stacks. He feels his heart, shakes his head incredulously Then, clutching his crushed and swollen hand, he moves pa fully towards the door.
147) 0) text: Mrs. Nightshade comes out of the house and starts off down the street. She's carrying her 'Free Ride' ticket and is dressed in her best and smiling happily. Prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 ilo. 182 183 184 185
148) 0) text: Halloway stumbles along, clutching his injured hand.
150) 0) text: Will sits quite still, eyes closed, among the row of figures, facing the opening to the mirror maze, illuminat by the strange, almost personally alive light from the mirrors beyond. The only SOUND is the soft breathing of the warlike figures. Then something moves at the main entrance to the tent.
150) 1) text: The Dust Witch stands there, her eyes gleaming catlike in the shadows. She sees Will and moves sinuously towards him, around him, caressing his face with her extraordinar long hands. He remains still. Behind him, she leans forwa her long, silky hair veiling his face. Dust sifts from he fingertips, as she begins to wind the hair around his thr There is a strangled MOAN o.s. and we SEE:
153) 0) text: The Dust Witch has wound a silken hair collar around Will's throat. It seems to pulse like a great snake as her long hands stroke it. Eyes closed, lips parted, she weaves her head almost orgasmically as she begins to pull the gleaming strands tight... tighter... Suddenly she pauses, lifts her head as she hears: HALLOWAY'S VOICE 0.S. Will...t
155) 2) text: The distant figures of Will, seated, still as a statue - and the Dust Witch behind him, her hands at his throat. She stares back at Halloway down the corridor of mirrors.
155) 3) text: Halloway stumbles towards them, but as he does so the mirrors seem to shift and move, blocking his progress. And in those mirrors, reflected and re-reflected, are images of himself, seeming to stride towards him.
156) 0) text: Halloway, SOBBING now, blunders among the mirrors like an old man, his face drawn and becoming lined as the faces of the myriad IMAGES that confront him on every side. Suddenly, he falls to his knees, crouches there, SOBBING, GASPING for breath as the army of ancient men shambles forward. He gives one final, despairing CRY of pain and terror.
157) 0) text: Will wrenches himself free from the Witch's grasp and runs, stumbling, toward the maze entrance. He stares blindly inte the confusion of mirrors - seeing his father distantly through row upon row of horrifying aged IMAGES. He batters his small fists against the mirrors, calling, his voice cracking with the effort - so quiet that at first it'slittle more than a whisper.
158) 0) text: Halloway, still on his knees, seemingly about to be en- gulfed by the ghastly senile squadrons of IMAGES, raises his head and looks towards a mirror and sees:
158) 1) text: Will reflected, standing with his hands out towards his father. His voice sounds a little louder - and then loude again as the phrase is repeated.
158) 3) text: His dimmed eyes brighter, the ageinglines seem to smooth out on his face. He starts to rise.
159) 0) text: Tom Fury, as though galvanized by the lightning, springs to life. Sparks dance around him - blue flames leap along the lightning rod in his hand. His eyes are fixed on the entrance to the mirror maze. He moves towards it. Another CRACKLE of lightning - and a SCREAM from the Dust Witch o.s. Tom Pury plunges past Will and into:
160) 1) text: The Dust Witch enclosed in the misted mirrors, which pres in on her from every side, holding her fast. Rime seems to gather on the mirrors... And it is as though she were once again. back in the long floe of ice we saw in the undertaker's parlor - once agai the MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD, sleeping in eterna frost.
160) 7) text: Across the crouched figure of Tom Fury, Will and his father stare at each other. Will hurls himself at Halloway, emgraces him. His father's arms fold around him. For a moment they stand there. Then: the SOUND of the CALLIOPE starting up o.s. Will raises his head.
160) 9) text: The shattered maze. Tom Fury crouched, SOBBING. Beyond him from the recesses of the freak tent we HEAR, 0.S., a strange MOANING chorus, a STIR and RUSTLE.
161) 0) text: Dark thunder clouds hover over the lighted tent as Halloway and Will run toward it. The sound of CALLIOPE MUSIC O.S.
162) 0) text: The carousel is turning. Jim watches fascinated as the brass poles, the prancing beasts flash by. The fever color flushes his face and eyes as Dark urges him forward. :
162) 12) text: A roar of THUNDER envelops the tent. A great fork of lightning CRACKLES down through the canvas. A huge, jagge tear appears in the roof and side of the tent. INT/EXT. CAROUSEL TENT = NIGHT “ae 199B fhe lightning strikes the control box. Sparks fly from the controls. The carousel bucks, goes mad. The CAL- LIOPE MUSIC screeches dementedly as it whirls forwards, hurling Dark among the prancing animals.
162) 15) text: Will, now sobbing uncontrollably, is suddenly yanked to h feet. Halloway's hand slaps him across the face, jolting the tears from his eyes.
162) 18) text: (lst Rev. 9/30/81) CONTINUED eek 199E
162) 21) text: Will stares in amazement as Halloway begins to cavort wil in time with the now frenzied CALLIOPE MUSIC.
162) 31) text: Will has joined his father in his mad dance. The rain in- creases. Halloway lets out a bellow -
162) 37) text: He SEES his hands, his fingers shriveling. He puts one withered hand to his face, feeling the flesh prolapse und his touch. OVER this, above the SOUND of the mad CALLIOPE
163) 9) text: Unseen by them, the Dwarf waddles out of the shadows towa the pile of cloth and bone that is all that remains of Mr Dark. Strange BUBBLING SOUNDS emerge from its parchment mouth as the Dwarf gathers it in his arms and scuttles of CROONING over his obscene burden as though it were a chil In B.G. the last tattered remnants of the carnival vanish towards the horizon. The rain diminishes, the wind drops.
163) 22) text: As they run OUT OF FRAME, CAMERA HOLDS on the hill crest we SEE, beyond, in the distance, a puff of smoke and HEAR the CHUFF-CHUFF of a train engine receding. The carnival leaving town - heading for a distant horizon where dark c still hover far away.
164) 0) text: Barber pole in F.G., motionless, only a very faint, dim a light - as Jim, Will and Halloway race toward it, increas speed. Arrived, their hands reach out simultaneously to touch, slap, hold it, as -