1) 0) text: —_—— REN OWN ~ DAY A big, almost empty schoolroom in a small American town in a timeless age between the late 1920's and the early 1930's. The SILENCE is underlined by the breathy TICK of a schoolroom clock and the SCRATCHING of two pens. We SEE TWO YOUNG BOYS sitting at their desks writing. Their names are WILL HALLOWAY and JIM NIGHTSHADE. will is as fair as Jim is dark. The only other person in the room is MISS FOLEY, the schoolmistress. She is about forty, very plain indeed, with a dress buttoning up to her neck and an expression of sadness. On the blackboard behind her, in copperplate handwriting, is the line that the boys have to write out as a punish=- ment: "We must not whisper to each other in class."
1) 1) text: We SEE Will, his paper covered with the lines, writing out the last of them. Then we SEE Jim. He is drawing on an odd sheet of paper, a cruel caricature of Miss Foley, her beaky nose, her jutting chin. As Jim finishes drawing, he HEARS a step behind him and, opening the lid of his desk a erack, slid the drawing in.
1) 2) text: Miss Foley has left her desk and is standing behind the boys.
1) 4) dialog: Finished?
1) 8) dialog: Then you may leave. Quietly. And let this be a lesson to the both of you. I will not have whispering.
1) 13) dialog: No, it's quite all right. I must be off anyway. (as she goes to col- lect her hat and coat) My little nephew's coming to stay. Haven't seen him since he was a baby...
56) 0) text: The boys see their schoolteacher, Miss Foley, standing, Staring in at the mirrors. : JIM and WILL Hey, look - it's Miss Foley! Miss Foley moves into the Maze out of sight. The boys app and they too peer in at the mirrors.
56) 13) dialog: Jim...! will! My two whisperers! I'm all right now. Of course I am. She peers back into the maze.
56) 14) dialog: Silly... I must be tired out, I guess. Why, it's so bright in there, and beautiful. So brilliant. It must have dazzled me! I can't quite remember... Miss Foley looks into the maze as if her memory had faile The two boys look at her.
56) 15) dialog: (blinks, tries to pull herself to- gether) I must get home... my little nephew... She moves away, still in half a trance.
75) 12) text: The door opens. Miss Foley, in a dressing gown and nightdress, peers out, startled.
75) 13) dialog: Land sakes, who is it? Will Halloway! Jim Nightshade! My * two little whisperers. What's this? More of your tricks and mischief making?
75) 18) dialog: Well, that's very considerate of you boys! I was just a little faint, I guess... Why don't you both step inside the door.
76) 1) dialog: My young nephew Robert just arrived and I've made a whole load of cookies and... Jim's and Will's eyes are on:
76) 2) text: A beaded curtain that hangs across the parlor entry like a rainfall of color. The CAMERA SHIFTS DOWN to find a pair of dusty shoes peeking out below the curtain as Miss Foley gabbles on: MISS FOLEY 0.S. Who says 'yes' to a nice slice of pumpkin pie and a glass of homemade lemonade?
76) 5) dialog: Robert! Come help me entertain these difficult boys!
76) 8) dialog: Robert? She pokes her hand through the “rain". The boys stare as:
76) 11) dialog: Boys, I want you to meet --
76) 15) dialog: Warn? Robert stares fixedly at Will, who, his mouth trembling, stares back. Jim leaps in.
76) 18) dialog: Oh? Will watches Jim for the next surprise. Robert stares.
76) 31) text: The small figure of Robert stands in the shadow of the porch. Jim takes a hesitant step towards him, pauses. Will stands motionless. A light goes on in an upstairs window, its beam shining directly down upon him. He stares at Robert, whowe eyes burn and flare hate. Suddenly, Robert stoops, picks up a rock and raises it, his fiery, Cooger-eyes fixed on Will's face. Will stands transfixed, terrified but unable to move. Then: In one swift movement, Robert turns and hurls the rock directly up at the lighted window. It CRASHES through the glass - and Robert is gone, vaulting lightly over the porch rail and disappearing silently into the shadows Only Will can be seen, motionless, bathed in the light from the broken window. Miss Foley appears at it, astonished, staring down at him.
76) 32) dialog: Will Halloway! You wicked, wicked young hooligan.
76) 34) dialog: (cuts in) Little liar! You stay right there! I'm coming down. The boys run off, as: MISS FOLEY'S VOICE 0.S. Come back here! Come back this minute!
77) 1) text: Miss Foley is by the telephone which is on a table by the mirror. As she puts down the receiver, she calls:
77) 2) dialog: Robert? Where are you, Robert? She sees a ticket beside the phone, on which she reads: "FREE CAROUSEL RIDE"... She picks up the ticket, and as she does so, we HEAR the faint distant SOUND of a CALLIOPE. As Miss Foley hears it, the mirror seems to glow brighter - an almost dazzling light is shining from it.
77) 3) dialog: (continuing; a whisper) Oh yes... yes... yes, please...! She looks up and into the mirror.
91) 0) text: The boys are walking towards Miss Foley's house as:
92) 6) text: Will, alone, looks around and SEES: The mirror, swarm- ing with shadows. For a moment, he thinks he can SEE the figure of Miss Foley. But the next moment she is gone. And Jim comes running back down the stairs, shaking his head:
135) 1) text: CAMERA PEERS DOWN a long corridor of books towards a pool of light in the distance, as we HEAR the BOYS' VOICES, indistinct, breathless - catch an occasional word only: "Miss Foley..." "...nephew...", "Dark...", "Crosetti...", "lightning rod...", “Free rides...", etc. During this, CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES ALONG the corridor towar the light until we SEE and HEAR: