60) 3) text: +++ at the face of their captor (Mr. Cooger). MR. DARK'S VOICE 0.s. Put them down, Mr. Cooger. Bring them down to Earth!
60) 4) text: In the middle of the forest of brass poles stands MR. DAR The red-haired man drops the boys. ANOTHER ANGLE - BOYS IN F.G. They look up at: Mr. Dark on the edge of the carousel, dressed in a hairy dark suit that gleams, glistens, moves on his lithe body.
60) 7) dialog: Sign says ‘Out of Order', boys, er don't they teach you reading in this town's academy? The boys stare at:
60) 19) text: Mr. Dark shoves his sleeve up to his elbow, clenches and unclenches his fist, working his muscles, showing the hidden tattoos to Jim.
71) 0) text: Mr. Dark steps out into the light, Cooger with him.
71) 11) dialog: jerks his head, as if hearing this.
82) 16) text: In the darkness, we dimly make out a figure seated in a strange contraption in the center of the platform, holdin a lightning rod like a sceptre in one hand. The dim out- line of Mr. Dark looms close to him in the gloom, as:
82) 24) text: A strange light glows to one side of the platform and we SEE the amorphous figure of THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN T WORLD - or is it the DUST WITCH? - take shape. She moves forward sinuously, and in the light, we can now SEE Mr. Dark standing beside what appears to be an electric chair with wires running from it. And seated in it, the lightni rod salesman Tom Fury, a lightning rod clasped in his han His face is that of a madman. As he stares at -
119) 1) text: The pale faces of Jim and Will peer up at him. Will pulls his hand back, shakes his head violently, puts a finger to his lips as: MR. DARK'S VOICE 0.S. Lose something, sir?
126) 1) text: Halloway puffs a great cloud of cigar smoke straight into Mr. Dark's face. Dark backs away, grimacing.
136) 15) dialog: quietly standing leaned against a stack, idly turning over the pages of a book.
138) 4) dialog: Time to quiet these two chatterers. Time to still these two whisperers. Lose their tongues until I choose to find them again.
163) 9) text: Unseen by them, the Dwarf waddles out of the shadows towa the pile of cloth and bone that is all that remains of Mr Dark. Strange BUBBLING SOUNDS emerge from its parchment mouth as the Dwarf gathers it in his arms and scuttles of CROONING over his obscene burden as though it were a chil In B.G. the last tattered remnants of the carnival vanish towards the horizon. The rain diminishes, the wind drops.