3) 7) dialog: Hell fire storm's a'comin'. an electric storm. To clean your streets and wash away your troubles. The boys race up to the library doors, imposing doors between two carved stone lions. They hit the door handle simultaneously. WILL and JIM Tie!
3) 10) dialog: I can sniff out which of your old homes is in danger! Some folks draw lightning to them as a cat sucks in a baby's breath! I got the only lightning rods in . the world that can sass back any storm. The boys turn away, Push open the doors into:
6) 0) text: —S—————— ee ts = _ DAL Two houses side by side, their roofs almost touching. Old houses with trees and ivy covering them. Tom Fury is standing with his bag of lightning rods outside the Nightshade house; he is sniffing the air. Will and Jim, still carrying their books, come running round the corner of the sidewalk. They reach Tom Fury.
7) 10) dialog: Well done, boy. (he offers a rod covered with strange marks) Which'll you have? This one's got old Chinese hentracks on her! A rod invented to catch the sizzling lightning...
7) 12) dialog: Good boy! Once the lightning rod on the Pyramids of Egypt. Trained for three thousand years to pitch the lightning back to high heaven! She's yours for... how much you got there, boy?
24) 1) text: move along the concrete downtown sidewalk, his bag TINKLI in his hand. The feet stop. CAMERA PULLS UP AND BACK to reveal: TOM FURY staring in at: THE OBLONG OF ICE in the shop window, with the shape of beauty in it. Faint MUSIC stirs. The red bloodstone ring seems to pulse with life.
24) 2) dialog: He stands hearing VOICES from other days, a GIRL LAUGHING calling, “Goodbye, goodbye!" His face is haunted.
25) 0) text: Tom Fury, inside, looks down, quickens, because:
82) 15) text: We see Will and Jim in their hiding place reacting to wha they've heard Dark say. They move, fearfully, further int the shadows. There is a curious BABBLING SOUND from some- where on the platform and we hear: TOM FURY'S VOICE 0.s. Doom! Damnation! Death and destruction! Who tells you? Tom Pury tells you!
82) 18) dialog: I am Tom Fury. Did I take the name? * No, sir! The name took me!
82) 22) dialog: What color is lightning? Where * does the thunder go when it dies? What country does the rain come from? What tongue does the wind talk? Who knows? Who but Tom Fury.
82) 24) text: A strange light glows to one side of the platform and we SEE the amorphous figure of THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN T WORLD - or is it the DUST WITCH? - take shape. She moves forward sinuously, and in the light, we can now SEE Mr. Dark standing beside what appears to be an electric chair with wires running from it. And seated in it, the lightni rod salesman Tom Fury, a lightning rod clasped in his han His face is that of a madman. As he stares at -
82) 25) text: The Most Beautiful Woman in the World, her large, luminou eyes, her sensual mouth, her creamy skin, her long, silke hair, her incredible figure clad in a lovely flowing robe TOM FURY'S VOICE O.S. --- Most... Beautiful...
82) 27) dialog: {continuing) More beautiful than Pocohontas... * than Helen of Troy...
82) 29) dialog: Tom Fury says lightning shall jump the world and make men hop and skip like scalded cats!
82) 34) dialog: Storm to...to...to...
82) 35) text: Jim flinches, half-hidden, staring. Tom Fury tries to speak again. .
82) 36) dialog: Some...some...sometime! Will half-rises, panicked, terrified. Dark leans close. Fury. controls his mouth, gasps.
82) 37) dialog: Tom Pury has a secret... so has the lightning... and the thunder! Dark, outraged, slams the switch harder. The fire ROARS in the chair. Fury's arm, hand, rod, fling up in spite of himself. Will leaps to his feet, unable to contain himself.
84) 0) text: Waxlike figures, breathing and with their eyes open. ** On the platform, Tom Fury still lies slumped, but we can HEAR his harsh BREATHING. Dark turns toward the shadowed figure of the Dust Witch/Most Beautiful Woman - in the ** dimness, we cannot make out which. With his BACK TO CAMERA, Dark raises his hands, the palms turned upwards. Find them. She stretches her hands out into the glow of light - long, beautiful hands with elongated fingernails. ae They touch Dark's hands, tracing an invisible picture on his palms, sifting dust...
104) 2) text: Among them we SEE people we recognize: Mr. Tetley, the "Wooden Indian", being wheeled on a small plat- form by TWO DWARFS; Mr. Crosetti, the bearded lady, and Tom Fury, borne aloft in his electric chair.
150) 2) dialog: The lightning rod salesman, in his electric chair, rod in hand. He MOANS again. In the faint light his eyes rotate madly, saliva trickles from his mouth. Prod. 0233 - 8/24/81 lll.
159) 0) text: Tom Fury, as though galvanized by the lightning, springs to life. Sparks dance around him - blue flames leap along the lightning rod in his hand. His eyes are fixed on the entrance to the mirror maze. He moves towards it. Another CRACKLE of lightning - and a SCREAM from the Dust Witch o.s. Tom Pury plunges past Will and into:
160) 2) text: Tom Fury lets out a bubbling, gurgling CRY:
160) 7) text: Across the crouched figure of Tom Fury, Will and his father stare at each other. Will hurls himself at Halloway, emgraces him. His father's arms fold around him. For a moment they stand there. Then: the SOUND of the CALLIOPE starting up o.s. Will raises his head.
160) 9) text: The shattered maze. Tom Fury crouched, SOBBING. Beyond him from the recesses of the freak tent we HEAR, 0.S., a strange MOANING chorus, a STIR and RUSTLE.