46) 0) text: A beautiful day, PARISIANS are promenading and riding bicycles and velocipedes in the open air. Colette and Wil are pedaling a tandem. She’s at the front, putting in mos the leg work, he, true to form, is taking it easy at the back. Under the trees, a cafe has been set up with delicate fol chairs and small round tables. A few dozen SOCIETY TYPES enjoying tea and cakes. Depositing their tandem by a tree. Colette and Willy approach. There is a feeling that all eyes are on them. Walking through the tables they go past a beautiful red-h heiress, named GEORGIE Raoul Duval. She is taking tea wit companion, a pretty young girl named LILY.
46) 2) dialog: So they are. Don’t stare. Across the patio, Colette and Willy are seated by a WAITE Georgie takes out a small card and scribbles a note.
46) 3) dialog: Go take this to them.
47) 0) text: In the high ceilinged cafe, we follow a WAITER who drops bill off at a table where Georgie and Colette are in fits hysterics - the kind of laughter sustained by the serious drunk and flirtatious. Willy is providing the after-dinne entertainment. Lily sits by them, awed at getting to spen time with such celebrities, autograph book at the ready.
47) 1) dialog: (almost crying with laughter) That’s so funny. Did he really say that?
47) 7) dialog: Is the evening over already? I can’t bear it... (turning to her assistant) Lily, go tell the coachman to ready the carriage.
47) 9) dialog: Well..?
47) 14) dialog: Oh come now...
47) 18) dialog: Well... I live at 74 Rue Goethe. If you’d like to stop by for at nightcap... The question hangs in the air.
47) 20) dialog: Are you sure now?
47) 23) dialog: Yes...I hope so. Before my bore of a husband returns. Well adieu! And she’s gone. Willy weighs this.
47) 30) dialog: Come in. INT. GEORGIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 95 Georgie’s apartment, naturally, is very stylish.
47) 32) dialog: Thank you. This is my little pied-a-tere. Frederick is not so keen on the Art Nouveau pieces. But I love nature...and women. Colette looks at a painting of nymphs bathing.
47) 34) dialog: I remember in Claudine At School when the girls go swimming together at night...
47) 36) dialog: When I was a girl, I was told all the lakes in Louisiana have alligators. So I never went for a midnight swim but I regret it... Georgie looks down then raises her eyes towards Colette.
47) 38) dialog: You have the most beautiful teeth. She indicates Colette’s slightly angled front canine.
47) 52) dialog: (murmurs ) One moment, my darling. She hastily wraps herself in a gown and makes her way thr the apartment. As she opens the door she is taken a back to see the bald pate of Monsieur Willy.
47) 53) dialog: Oh.
47) 55) dialog: Yes... He continues to stare at her. She flushes slightly.
47) 57) dialog: You'd better come in. INT. COLETTE AND WILLY’S APARTMENT - ENTRANCE ROOM - 97a
47) 66) dialog: Colette, I was taking a nap. Colette pushes past her.
47) 68) dialog: No one. What are you doing? Colette looks to the bedroom where tell-tale cigar smoke hangs in layers.
51) 0) text: Ollendorff hands a brand new hardback copy of “Claudine e Menage by Willy” to Willy who nods approvingly. COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 68. 110 INT. GEORGIE’S APARTMENT - DAY 110 Georgie pours a glass of brandy for Colette. She is clear wound up but trying to remain civilized.
51) 1) dialog: My husband - he’s just...pure rage. He was going to challenge Willy to a duel...
51) 3) dialog: I’ve put him off. Hopefully it won’t come to that. (she looks at Colette) You've read it, yes?
51) 5) dialog: How worried should I be? Georgie walks across to her with the drink.
51) 7) dialog: I don’t believe you. Everyone is chattering about it - saying it will be salacious in the extreme. (She clears her throat) I know you have no time for me since our separation and I know I behaved badly. But I’m begging you... Ask Willy to change it - before publication? Colette slowly shakes her head. GEORGIE (CONT’D) Please Colette... One woman to another? Please...
51) 10) dialog: You’d let me suffer? 111 112 COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 69.
51) 12) dialog: You had your chance to be decent. So, it will be left to my husband to settle it. Ollendorff has agreed to a lump sum for the destruction of the entire print run.
51) 14) dialog: He has already accepted.
51) 16) dialog: We have. And that is how it is. Colette finally snaps.
51) 18) dialog: I had a good teacher. Colette leaves slamming the door. Georgie looks after her EXT. GEORGIE’S APARTMENT - DAY 111 Colette leaves the house in a rage. EXT. PRINTER’S COURTYARD - DAY 112 A WORKER pours petrol on a bonfire of novels then throws his cigarette butt on it to ignite the pile. It bursts in flame immediately. Charred pages rise with the heat. The worker takes another crate and dumps them on. COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 70.