4) 0) text: Wearing her best frock, Colette carries a large TEA SERVI down a corridor and into the main room. Willy is seated, conversation with Sido and JULES, the patriarch, an affab old soldier, with one leg, who is smoking a pipe.
4) 1) dialog: And how is Paris these days, Willy?
4) 3) dialog: We were going to see a play in Paris - weren’t we?
4) 10) dialog: Good point, Willy. Painful business!
5) 2) dialog: Oh, not in my reckoning... He’s a good man. He has a reputation, yes, but there comes a time ina man’s life to settle down...and she’s the right age for it. She’ll be twenty next time around.
5) 4) dialog: My dear, would anyone be good enough for you?
5) 7) dialog: I keep starting but I can’t seem to finish it. A girl without a dowry, -that just doesn’t happen in their circles. They may cut him off if he marries her.
5) 9) dialog: Sido, he clearly adores her - he’s visited four times. He’ll give her status, not to mention a tremendous cultural life - the theater, the opera. He’1ll give her Paris for heaven's sakes! Colette comes clumping down the stairs, slightly too loud and into the room.
7) 0) text: At the Wedding Party, Jules is making a toast Colette and Willy in front of a MIXED CROWD of WEDDING GUESTS.
7) 1) dialog: It’s the proudest time in a father’s life, but also - I now find - one of the saddest. I have to hand over my beloved daughter, who has lit up our lives for so long, with her wit, her brilliance, her beauty. I will miss you, Gabrielle. Almost as much as your mother will... A murmur of acknowledgement from the assembled. Colette smiles at her father, and catches her mother’s eye, holdi back emotion.
7) 2) dialog: But it is no small compensation that I give her to a man of such inestimable standing. There are many celebrities in Paris but few are famous enough to be known by -- by a single name. WILLY - Welcome to the Colette family. Everyone cheers. Colette turns to her new husband, glowing.
35) 0) text: Jules watches, as Sido opens a package revealing the book
35) 1) dialog: Look at that!
73) 0) text: In a country graveyard, a coffin is going into the ground COUNTRY PRIEST reads the rites. The family are assembled the funeral of JULES COLETTE. Sido is clearly beside hers with grief. Colette is there - deep in grief, with Willy sneaks a look at his watch. This doesn’t go unnoticed by Sido.