59) 0) text: ...The assembled (including Veber, Schwob, Polaire) bang rhythmically on the table with glasses, cutlery, and fist as Willy stands at the head of a large table improvising poem. Missy sits far down the table near Colette’s end with a SUFFRAGETTE FRIEND.
64) 0) text: In a quiet lane away from the crowds, Colette and Missy walk Toby Chien. The Marquise is very affable but also a little reserved - like a polite gentleman of the day.
64) 2) dialog: Yes, calla palustris.
64) 4) dialog: My maternal grandfather was a botanist. He was always away - collecting samples down in the tropics.
64) 6) dialog: Really?
64) 8) dialog: Wonderful. Two young women walk by dressed as Claudines, giggling. MISSY (CONT’D) Congratulations, by the way. It seems that Claudines are everywhere these days.
64) 10) dialog: Good for her. Colette can’t help but smile. MISSY (CONT’D) But seriously, you’ve done something important. You’ve invented a type.
64) 12) dialog: I mean you have. All the young girls between girlhood and womanhood - you give them a voice. Colette says nothing. A force of personality is breaking through Missy’s reserve... MISSY (CONT’D) You should own up to it.
64) 15) dialog: Didn’t need to be told. Meeting you was enough. You are a force of nature.
64) 17) dialog: I know... It’s a man’s world. They exchange a look. Ahead of them is a more populated thoroughfare. They hover for a moment, in the shade of th last tree, cherishing their improvised privacy. Colette kisses her fingers and places them on Missy’s lips as a carriage goes rattling past. INT. COLETTE AND WILLY’S APARTMENT - DAY 139A Colette is composing a note at her small writing desk.
65) 0) text: MUSIC COMES UP. An AERIAL SHOT glides over the fields, hedges and forests of the French countryside. A very early automobile is putt-putting down the road. Willy is driving, with Meg seated by his side. In the bac Colette sits next to Missy. EXT. COLETTE’S COUNTRY HOUSE - DAY 141 Meg and Missy are throwing a ball for Toby Chien down the lawn. Willy and Colette are left alone on the veranda amidst the rubble of a picnic. 142 143 COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 88.
67) 0) text: Sunshine and bird song. By the weatherworn gym equipment, Missy holds Colette’s feet as she does sit ups on the horse.
67) 1) dialog: 48...49...50. Well done... Colette finishes breathing heavily.
67) 3) dialog: Yes, it was awful... We don’t talk anymore, except through the auspices of lawyers. He’s embarrassed by me - if he was married to me, what does that say about him?
67) 5) dialog: No, it was entirely natural. I was a rather awkward child - if you can imagine me in pigtails and a dress. I never felt like I belonged. Then one day I tried on my brother’s school uniform. (MORE )
67) 7) dialog: And I knew I was home for the first time... Of course, it’s far easier for me than for women of no means... but I wanted to show that it can be done. I do imagine a time when all women may wear trousers if that is their wish. Colette smiles, reflecting. MISSY (CONT’D) And you?
67) 9) dialog: Well, I dress as a man; Willy dresses you as a schoolgirl.
67) 11) dialog: I don’t doubt it. But are you happy?
67) 13) dialog: It’s a long leash he keeps you on but a leash nevertheless... perhaps you enjoy that.
67) 15) dialog: No. That’s entirely your business. But... never mind.
67) 17) dialog: Well, I wonder if a time will come when you have to decide - are you Claudine or are you Colette? Colette absorbs this and looks away. 145 INT. COLETTE AND WILLY’S BUILDING - STAIRCASE - DAY 1 Colette ascends the stairs to her own apartment - wearing suit and trousers. 146 INT. COLETTE AND WILLY’S APARTMENT - DAY 146 She goes through the apartment towards Willy’s study. Pau Héon is working at his desk by the door.
72) 8) dialog: (whispering) Let it go, Colette. (to reporter) There were some gentleman there who came for a fight. We just have to ignore them and go on.
72) 10) dialog: No. Yes! COLETTE (cont'd) (CONT'D) They don’t scare me at all. Look am I trembling..? (holds out her hand) I will continue to pursue this because I am an artist and a free woman and if Paris won’t have me -- so be it! I’ll go elsewhere to make a living.
80) 8) dialog: I’m sorry the train was waiting for two hours at the Gard du Nord.
80) 10) dialog: How was it tonight?
80) 12) dialog: The gang is in a good mood.
80) 14) dialog: Order champagne. Three bottles. Make it five. Everyone cheers. A drunken showgirl, FLOSSY, plants a kis on Colette’s cheek.
80) 19) dialog: Are you coming back to Paris?
80) 21) dialog: Will he be there?
80) 23) dialog: Yes. I’m sorry. They get into bed and hold each other close. MISSY (CONT’D) You don’t need to worry about Willy. You don’t need to earn your own money or stay in these kind of places. I could arrange everything.
80) 25) dialog: I just want you to be able to write if you want to.
80) 27) dialog: I love you. That’s all.
80) 29) dialog: It’s not the traditional reply but I‘1l take it for now. They stare into each other’s eyes. There’s a pounding on door.
80) 35) dialog: Please fuck off. (alternate take) Oh bugger off. He slams the door. Colette looks distraught.
80) 37) dialog: Don’t worry, my dear. We’1ll find somewhere else... Colette looks into Missy’s eyes and finds strength there.
81) 0) text: MUSIC COMES UP. Hastily, dressed, Colette and Missy desce the stairs with their bags, past the manager with their heads held high.
82) 0) text: As the exiled lovers walk off into the darkness, Missy takes Colette’s hand.
90) 0) text: Everyone is asleep except Colette, who leans against the side of the compartment, staring into the blackness. Then Missy stirs. She catches Colette’s eye. Colette returns her gaze with a tired smile, and mouths - I Love You. 188 189 190 191 COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 120.