36) 0) text: Willy and OLLENDORFF, the publisher, are finishing up a meeting in OLLENDORFF’S double high book-lined office. 79
36) 2) dialog: Well, we’ve never had one fly off the shelves like this before. Quite a phenomenon. Everyone’s talking about it. And you know who’s buying it? Young women!
36) 5) dialog: We've also been having enquiries about theatrical rights. Any thoughts?
36) 7) dialog: It’s the theatre-going public which will make you rich, Willy.
37) 0) text: Colette is waiting by a carriage outside. She and Ollendorff coming down the stairs, talking but can’t quite make out what they are saying.
37) 2) dialog: Perhaps - 20,000 units or 25,000 somewhere in that ballpark. I’m waiting to see what the pre-orders are like back from the sellers.
37) 4) dialog: Well, we’re calculating about 3 francs a unit profit - so, yes - it’s a tidy sum. 79 sees Willy business, The men push through the double doors and are now fully audible. COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 47.
37) 5) dialog: Mme. Willy, a great honor.
37) 9) dialog: I believe that Willy based “Claudine” in part on your school days?
37) 11) dialog: Well, I’m very glad your experiences have borne such wonderful fruit. Very nice to meet you, Madame.
51) 0) text: Ollendorff hands a brand new hardback copy of “Claudine e Menage by Willy” to Willy who nods approvingly. COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 68. 110 INT. GEORGIE’S APARTMENT - DAY 110 Georgie pours a glass of brandy for Colette. She is clear wound up but trying to remain civilized.
79) 0) text: With the scene set for a peasant’s cottage, Colette is flirting with a SECRET LOVER. The AUDIENCE is not paying much attention - they are drinking, talking, eating. Wague, playing Colette’s husband, discovers them and has fit of jealous rage; he shoves Colette around, smashing dishes and goes to attack the lover. Colette pleads and tries to explain (silently, of course) but Wague’s rage just builds. He goes to attack the lover but Colette gets in between them. Wague grabs her collar and TEARS IT ASUNDER REVEALING HER BREAST. Shocked he prostrates himself on the stage as tho struck by lightning. The audience is awestruck. Colette stands frozen in her p as the piano restarts. We see something in her expression the exhilaration that comes with discovering a new source personal power. COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 104. INT. COLETTE AND WILLY’S APARTMENT - WILLY’S STUDY - DAY1 Willy is looking helplessly through a stack of bills. He looks like he’s recovering from a rough night. Moments later, he is at his desk in front of a typewriter He cracks his knuckles and prepares to work. In front of him is the GREAT BLANK PAGE. He types “WHAT CLAUDINE DID NEXT.” Then, “A NOVEL BY WILL But nothing will come. The page remains blank. He stares it with growing frustration. He types a letter, the word “I.” Then dots. ..... I... I. then just scrambles on the typewriter anything. HJIDGJYGEBNFJH jhgiuyi8t/[108450io0df jnaf;knakgjhuyatuhr He stops. Then... KSJhdiuyrug jhabvdf jhqyt5pquojbf ’ auyt[ 085yioqhohhtuhw He types faster and faster and faster and starts to bang the keys - first with fingers then with his fists so that he is likely to hurt himself. Then he stops, breathes and almost at the point of tears, and looks desperately at a picture of Colette on his desk. INT. OLLENDORFF PUBLISHING — DAY 168 Willy walks slowly up the grand staircase. INT. OLLENDORFF’S OFFICE - DAY 169 The men are seated on either side of Ollendorff'’s wide desk, igniting cigars.
79) 2) dialog: Are you serious? All of them?
79) 4) dialog: How much are you thinking? 170 COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 105.
79) 6) dialog: Possibly...but I don’t have that much. Publishing is a volatile business, Willy...
79) 8) dialog: ..-For the sole rights in perpetuity?
86) 2) dialog: Madame Willy.
86) 4) dialog: I'm here in Lille on some family business, and I was delighted when I found out you were here with the play.
86) 6) dialog: It was quite a spectacle. Colette gives him a tight-lipped smile. Two SHOWGIRLS com down the stairs and bustle past them up. OLLENDORFF (cont'd) (CONT'D) I was thinking, if you were free, I would like to take you and the Marquise to dinner. COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 113.
86) 8) dialog: It’s the very least I can do for you, Colette. After all the money you’ve made for me. And will continue to make. (he gives a tight-lipped smile) I wish I had been able to give Willy a better settlement. But one can only pay what one can afford.
86) 10) dialog: For the Claudines. For the rights to the Claudines. A STAGEHAND passes between them carrying a bunch of flowe up the stairs.
86) 11) dialog: Do you mean to say he didn’t tell you? Colette looks at him stunned.
86) 13) dialog: Yes. All of them.
86) 15) dialog: Absolutely. I’m sorry. I thought. .? Colette struggles to keep herself under control.