9) 37) dialog: Are your ears burning? Colette looks up and sees - Marcel SCHWOB, an intellectua with a humane gleam in his eye. He sits next to her. SCHWOB (CONT’D) I’m Schwob, a friend of Willy's.
9) 39) dialog: I hope he was kind.
9) 41) dialog: The modern day mob, aren’t they? (Colette nods) But their goddess is gossip instead of the guillotine. Are you feeling overwhelmed?
9) 43) dialog: They may look grand and intimidating. But just imagine them shitting. Each and every one of them. Colette looks at him, incredulous. SCHWOB (CONT’D) Well they all do, don’t they? Across the room, AN IMPORTANT-LOOKING GENTLEMAN, waves to Schwob. SCHWOB (CONT’D) (to the Gentleman) Good evening, Sir! (to Colette) Try it.
9) 45) dialog: They may look grand and intimidating. But just imagine them perched over a chamber pot. Each and every one of them. INT. MADAME DE CAILLAVET’S SALON - VARIOUS ROOMS 20 We follow Colette as she searches for Willy in the sea of SOCIALITES. She walks through rooms where PEOPLE are now dancing in an avant garde fashion then through a series o SMALLER COMPARTMENTS, where SERVANTS are polishing glasse and CHEFS are preparing hors d’oeuvres, past palms and oi lamps, to a distant room at the far end of the salon. INT. MME. DE CAILLAVET’S SALON — SMOKING ROOM 21 From the doorway, Colette spies Willy leaning on the mantelpiece talking to a beautiful YOUNG WOMAN in a red dress. The woman leans in close to him, laughing. He whispers something and she laughs even harder. 22 COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 15. There's a shrieking coming from the corner of the main ro Colette turns to sees the crowd laughing as a BOHEMIAN po milk into an upright piano. INT. HORSE-DRAWN CARRIAGE — MOVING — NIGHT 22 Colette looks out the window into the night-time streets. After a moment, Willy ventures a question.
10) 5) dialog: It’s a bit extreme. The ending was actually quite touching. Willy thinks for a moment.
10) 9) dialog: Will do. (he leaves.) 27 COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 18.
11) 0) text: Schwob stops to chat to Colette by the desk. Matilde is stoking the fire.
11) 1) dialog: Are you writing for him too? He’s made you one of his ghosts already?
11) 3) dialog: You're fastidious... exacting.
11) 5) dialog: ...well, yes. COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 19.
12) 0) text: Willy, Colette, Schwob, Veber and a COQUETTE, are finishi up a meal, drinking champagne. Willy is regaling them wit an anecdote as he pays the bill with a roll of notes.
25) 0) text: An aerial shot moves over the rooftops, churches, squares and streets of Paris. INT. COLETTE AND WILLY’S APARTMENT 52 Colette comes out of the kitchen eating a peach. A little BULLDOG comes scampering after her. This is Toby Chien. S hears an argument and moves stealthily through the apartm to ascertain its source. Through the door she sees Pierre Veber (angry) and Schwob (diplomatic) in front of Willy’s desk.
25) 2) dialog: Willy, come on. You’re not being fair.
25) 8) dialog: A factory needs to pay its workers, Willy!
28) 26) dialog: Yes - he’s the king of cantomime... The song plays out its last few lines. Everyone bursts in applause.
28) 27) dialog: Let’s get a drink.
28) 30) dialog: Cheers. They clink glasses.
28) 31) dialog: How’s it going with your book?
28) 33) dialog: I can’t believe it.
28) 37) dialog: I didn’t really have a choice. It was simply... There.
28) 39) dialog: Oh god no! I do it to prevent me from going mad. But sometimes, occasionally, it will transport me. This registers with Colette. Despite her bravura - she mi it. They are interrupted by a beautiful couple; GASTON an JEANNE de CAILLAVET.
28) 41) dialog: Hello Gaston, Jeanne. Do you know Colette?
35) 5) dialog: All Paris is saying your husband is a genius.
35) 7) dialog: He is, if that book is anything to go by. Colette smiles, indicates Willy with her eyes.
52) 0) text: Colette and Willy are with Schwob in their favorite dinin spot feasting on oysters and champagne. There is an unexpected air of celebration.
52) 4) dialog: Unbelievable!
52) 6) dialog: How do you two do it?
52) 9) dialog: With the play?
55) 0) text: An air of celebration - champagne and music. At the far e of the room is Willy, sitting on a throne, holding court with Colette and Schwob by him.
55) 5) dialog: Can you believe this crowd? Everyone’s here! Look there’s the Marquise de Belbeuf... or Missy, as she’s known.
55) 7) dialog: Descended from Empress Josephine on one side, the Tsar of Russia on the other - She only shows up for very special occasions.
59) 0) text: ...The assembled (including Veber, Schwob, Polaire) bang rhythmically on the table with glasses, cutlery, and fist as Willy stands at the head of a large table improvising poem. Missy sits far down the table near Colette’s end with a SUFFRAGETTE FRIEND.
71) 0) text: A theatrical poster on a column outside the Moulin Rouge announces the premiere of "Dream of Egypt," starring Mme. Colette Willy and the mystery performer "YSSIM." Excited crowds gather outside the famous red windmill, anticipating a big night. 153 154 COLETTE - FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 97. INT. MOULIN ROUGE — THE MAIN ROOM 153 The place is filling up - Rachilde, Veber, Schwob, Madame de Caillavet with Gaston and Jeanne and many SALONITES. O stage, stands a large, solitary sarcophagus. Willy, accompanied by Meg, makes his way to a table near the stage, greeting various folk.
88) 6) dialog: ..-How many decent salons are left now? Two, maybe three.
88) 9) dialog: Paris is losing its gold.
88) 11) dialog: I haven’t heard from Colette. I’ve written to her twice but no word.
88) 13) dialog: You two really are done this time?
88) 22) dialog: Loosing your touch...