57) 0) text: Beautifully decorated with flowers. Filled with guests and waiters buzzing about. Everyone enjoys themselves. Young and old. Close on the menu in the middle of a table: “Lobster Risotto”. Two long tables holding 40 each. Isabel is down in Siberia with a few of the more peripheral guests. Mostly older, except for one conservatively handsome man, FRANK (late 40's) who sits next to her. She glances at him. Only a lone piece of meat sitting on his plate. At the front, Jonathan calls everyone to attention.
57) 2) dialog: I’m on this paleo thing. Training for a Tri. In Hawaii, on the big island. Isabel looks at him then back to the front where Jonathan calls everyone to attention.
57) 12) dialog: That’s going to be a fun honeymoon. The bride and groom pull apart. Grace remains standing and clinks her glass.
57) 39) dialog: (encouraging her to get up) Hey, we’re toasting. She stands and heads out of the tent. Most of the guests are caught up in the toast and don’t notice, but Oscar does. Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 47. On Isabel as she walks out of the tent.
58) 0) text: Isabel sits by herself on a bench on a dock jutting out into the water, out of sight of the festivities. She tries to gather herself and put all this together. Suddenly up the dock walks Frank with two glasses and a bottle of champagne. She sees him and shakes her head to herself. He approaches.
58) 1) dialog: I couldn’t agree more. I’m not into weddings. He sits next to her with the glasses and the bottle.
58) 3) dialog: Tell me about it. Crowds are awful. He pours her glass. She pushes it away. When he tries to hand it to her.
58) 4) dialog: I can take one for the team and drink them both. She can’t believe any of this is happening.
58) 5) dialog: You know how at every wedding there are always a few single people pretending not to care that they’re single? Well, we’re those people. Weird, huh? I’m divorced. What’s your story?
58) 7) dialog: (trying to be charming) You think you want to be alone...
58) 9) dialog: Okay...