15) 5) dialog: C’mon Grace! Milly bought us a round of shots.
32) 0) text: The elevator opens and Isabel steps out. She has cleaned up and wears a nicer outfit but still looks out of place. She carries a folder and a DVD. Jonathan, who we saw at the bar with Grace, approaches Isabel.
32) 1) dialog: You must be Isabel. She’s taken aback. JONATHAN (CONT’D) I’m Jonathan. He extends his hand and she shakes it dubiously. JONATHAN (CONT’D) I’m here to take you to your meeting. She looks at him.
33) 1) dialog: How’s the hotel? Are you comfortable?
33) 3) dialog: Good. I chose it myself. They arrive at the curb and Jonathan raises his hand, beckoning the Tesla which waits at the corner. Jonathan opens the door which swings upward, like a spaceship. Isabel is startled. Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 20.
34) 0) text: Isabel tries to get her window down but can’t seem to find the right button. Jonathan helps.
34) 1) dialog: Is it the french spelling? She looks at him. JONATHAN (CONT’D) (with accent) “Isabelle.”
34) 4) dialog: Ah, that’s not the french. Another awkward moment. Isabel looks out at the city. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Have you ever met Theresa?
34) 6) dialog: She’s very impressive. She built ‘Horizon’ from nothing 22 years ago, and now it’s one of the biggest media buying companies in the world.
34) 8) dialog: We connect brands to consumers and vice versa, through an understanding of demographics and Psycho-graphics. Isabel looks at him blankly.
34) 10) dialog: Whatever the client is selling. She nods, half understanding. 46 47 48 Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 21. JONATHAN (CONT’D) It’s Theresa’s brain child. Don’t be intimidated by her. That’s a mistake.
34) 12) dialog: I’ve worked at the company for 4 years. (admitting) And she’s my mother in-law... or will be on Saturday. I’m marrying her daughter.
34) 14) dialog: (happy) Thanks.
49) 0) text: About 75 people. Everyone turns to see the bride and her parents as they walk up the isle. Jonathan smiles as he waits at the front, next to the Buddhist monk who will be preforming the ceremony. People take out their phones to take some pictures and videos. ON Grace, all smiles as she arrives next to Jonathan. Her parents kiss her, then take their seats. Looking between the Bride and Groom, we see the beautiful stone sculpture Oscar was finishing earlier. It’s an abstract depiction of 2 entwined bodies. Somewhere between Picasso and Giacometti.
56) 0) text: The guests mill about, celebrating. The twins chase each other around through the chairs and guests. On the bar are listed the specialty drinks “The Grace” and “The Jonathan” People congratulate the happy couple. Isabel steps out onto the back porch, but keeps her distance from the party. Everyone is in celebration mode. The photographer gathers the bride and the groom's families together for a group shot. Isabel continues to watch from a distance. As the picture is being taken, Oscar's gaze falls on Isabel standing in the background. Time seems to stop as they look at each other. Close on each of them staring across a sea of people. They seem to be the only two people there. Oscar excuses himself from the group and approaches Isabel. As he steps in near her, the electricity is palpable. He looks confused and isn’t sure what to say. Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 38.
56) 15) dialog: Baby, People are staring to sit down already, let’s head over. He sees Isabel. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Oh hi. Glad you could make it.
56) 17) dialog: I drove her to the office the other day to meet your mom. Some awkward smiles. The photographer comes over and pushes them all together.
56) 22) dialog: We're going to party like it’s 2019. Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 40. Some minor laughter. Grace pushed him playfully.
57) 0) text: Beautifully decorated with flowers. Filled with guests and waiters buzzing about. Everyone enjoys themselves. Young and old. Close on the menu in the middle of a table: “Lobster Risotto”. Two long tables holding 40 each. Isabel is down in Siberia with a few of the more peripheral guests. Mostly older, except for one conservatively handsome man, FRANK (late 40's) who sits next to her. She glances at him. Only a lone piece of meat sitting on his plate. At the front, Jonathan calls everyone to attention.
57) 3) dialog: Hi everyone. I want to welcome all of you. He takes a deep breath and looks at the big crowd. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Wow. I thought the saying ‘I do’ part would be the hardest. People laugh. Grace rolls her eyes. Jonathan rubs her back. Theresa and Oscar smile at each other. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Thank you for coming to celebrate with us. He takes a speech out of his pocket.
57) 4) dialog: When I started working for Theresa at ‘Horizon’, right out of school...
57) 6) dialog: I thought I was just getting a great job for one of the most forward-thinking, entrepreneurs I had ever read about. Theresa smiles, a little uncomfortable.
57) 7) dialog: But very quickly I came to dread coming into work. It wasn’t my boss’ fault. Well, sort of it was. You see two years ago, Grace started coming in with Theresa. She was working in the design department for the summer. Grace shakes her head, embarrassed. Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 42. JONATHAN (CONT’D) She’s an amazing artist, for any of you who don’t know. Anyway, I saw them coming through the lobby; these two beautiful, powerful women. And I froze. (to Grace and Theresa) In fact, there was room in your elevator, but I couldn't bring myself to get in. People think it’s cute. An older women at Isabel’s table makes an aside to her friend.
57) 9) dialog: Well, I spent the next month trying to find a way to be in the same place at the same time with Grace. And finally, I braved an elevator ride with her. Grace blushes. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Do you remember my genius banter? She nods.
57) 11) dialog: I would plan things to say when I saw her, but they never came out. Until one day, I got lucky. People hoot. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Not like that you perverts! Roaring. JONATHAN (CONT’D) We were in the company pub, and she was on line right in front of me. And she had forgotten her wallet. So I paid. Best $14 I ever spent. Some applause. Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 43. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Grace, I love you more than anything. And I couldn’t be happier that you agreed to Marry me. Even if it was out of guilt about owing me money. Grace stands and they kiss. Everyone claps. It goes on for a while and the crowd loves it. Theresa smiles at them and Oscar tries to, but it’s going on a while. At Isabel’s table, Frank leans in.
57) 20) dialog: (joke to the room, re: sculpture) I’m not sure if it’s me and Grace, or Grace and her dad! Some laugh awkwardly, but the joke doesn’t go over well with Oscar. Theresa makes eye contact with Oscar. JONATHAN (CONT’D) I'm kidding, of course. We absolutely love it. Grace turns her attention to Theresa.
59) 0) text: Isabel approaches the tent purposefully. Inside, all the guests mill about, some dancing. Jonathan spins Grace. Theresa and Oscar watch happily. Outside, Isabel hangs in the shadows, watching. CLOSE ON GRACE as ISABEL WATCHES HER, STUDYING HER FACE. Oscar's vision is drawn to Isabel. She looks back at him. Between the two of them, Grace and Jonathan dance. Isabel steps closer, staring intently at Oscar. After another moment, Oscar breaks away from the crowd and_heads toward Isabel.
62) 0) text: The crowd ooh’s and ahh’s at the fireworks display. 80 81 82 83 84 Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 50. We find Grace and Jonathan standing next to Theresa and Oscar, their faces illuminated by the different color fireworks.
67) 3) dialog: It’s a blanket...?
67) 5) dialog: Maybe it’s a cape. Oscar looks closely.
69) 11) dialog: Is everything okay?
72) 0) text: Grace and Jonathan have been opening gifts with the twins, and haven’t heard the yelling. They watch as Isabel opens the front door and exits without a look or a good-bye. Jonathan and Grace look at each other, sensing something’s off. Jonathan goes to the window and peers out. EXT. THERESA AND OSCAR’S HOUSE, DRIVEWAY Isabel walks down the driveway toward her NYC taxi that has been waiting for her this whole time. INT. THERESA AND OSCAR’S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM At the window, Jonathan watches Isabel go. Behind him Grace looks confused.
74) 17) dialog: Hi. She turns and runs out. After a moment, he follows.
75) 0) text: Jonathan and Grace pull up to the hotel in a taxi. The Bellman opens the door and they get out. On the street. Grace takes a deep breath.
75) 1) dialog: You sure you want to do this? I mean, you already have a really great mother. Grace looks at him in disbelief. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Grace, I just mean... He changes course. JONATHAN (CONT’D) I‘1l wait for you.
92) 1) dialog: Is it too ass kissy to wear a tie? Pink Rev. (05/28/18) BE? 86. She doesn’t take her eyes off the screen.
92) 3) dialog: My presentation. I’m pitching Pizza hut. I’m the lead on it. Pretty sure I told you.
92) 6) dialog: Are you going to meet us at Nobu or wanna come by the office?
92) 8) dialog: For dinner. With Ben and Xandy? She keeps scrolling through picture on the computer. JONATHAN (CONT’D) What are you doing? He looks over her shoulder. Pictures of India. JONATHAN (CONT’D) Is that India?
92) 10) dialog: When?
92) 12) dialog: We're going to Costa Rica. I want to surf.
92) 14) dialog: India is too far babe. And I can’t take that much time off work. We were just going to be gone for a week.
92) 16) dialog: We just got married babe. I want to be with you.
92) 18) dialog: You want to be alone in India? You hate being alone.
92) 20) dialog: Yeah. I get it. I’m not stupid. at him perplexed and hurt.
92) 22) dialog: Me? How do you think it feels to marry someone and then a week later have them turn into a different person.
92) 24) dialog: And is that fair to me? They look at each other for a long moment. She can’t believe him.
92) 26) dialog: Jesus Christ, Grace. That’s not what I’m saying.
92) 28) dialog: (struggling) You can’t change things now. She gave you up. It’s a thoughtless comment.