0) 7) dialog: Germany lies before us, Germany marches within us, and Germany comes after us! We realize he's watching his reflection in a mirror. After a few moments he lifts both hands, fingers spread w his face. Imploringly, he shakes them, this time with no -- just scrutinizing the body language. He smoothes down his suit jacket. Checks it for flaws, th throws back his shoulders, stiffens his back and CLICKS h heels. He half-salutes himself. We MOVE closer. Time SLOWS almost to a freeze. It's a lon uncomfortable moment. It's interrupted by a TAPPING from off screen. Adolf snap guarded alertness. 4 A LAMP ON A TABLE IS QUICKLY DOUSED. The cell goes to shadows. CUT TO: A JAILER in a plain guard's uniform, tapping on t with a long club (don't see his face here). He passes behind Adolf, who now sits in a chair drawing i sketchbook. The images: Nazi architecture, massive buildi shrines for a new city. In the background, the Jailer pokes around Adolf's bed wi club, probing. Apparently satisfied for now, the Jailer exits frame. Adolf turns the light back on, relaxes slightly, his face with fatigue. He strokes the back of his hand. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 16) dialog: Every man who desires adulation will recognize in me the pure manifestation of that dark part of himself. An old typewriter appears in the foreground, fingers TYPI Adolf turns, struts a few steps, looks at the mirror. ADOLF (continuing) I am the perfect reflection of each man with a lust to dominate, who has some bias or prejudice... some unsatisfied craving. ON THE CELL SCREEN IN THE BACKGROUND: Townspeople greet A car as he enters an invaded city.
0) 17) dialog: Some will condemn me morally, but they cannot escape the power of my image. Their self-righteousness will dissolve as their hearts beat with the rhythm of my essence. Even those poor souls who hate me will privately envy me, because I fulfilled my THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 dreams while others repress their true desires. Thus, have I guaranteed my immortality; the essential Hitler has a hold on every human heart. Adolf stops, very satisfied. But insecurity re-emerges. He turns to the TYPIST, who for now is always seen from t (he is Nordic, with blonde hair, a chiseled face, dressed black SS uniform. He is eager, dutiful.) ADOLF (to the Typist) Does that sound cliched?.... (the Typist does not answer) Anyway, let's end this on a poetic note: Will to power, will to form, will to beauty. MEDIUM CLOSE ON ADOLF: After pausing to appreciate his wo turns and walks out of frame, leaving blackness.
0) 20) dialog: Carefully threading the projector. He switches on the lam brilliance leaks from cracks in the housing. The motor DR to speed. The film CHATTERS through the gate. The tiny images come life, suspended upside-down behind the lens. Colorful thi We follow the beam of light through the lens outward into cell to the cell screen. ON THE CELL-SCREEN: Eva, wearing her peasant dress (smili the camera), on the porch of their mountain retreat. Then beach, frolicking in her bathing suit. These are Гўв‚¬Лњh images. She seems remarkably innocent and young. The camera BOOMS DOWN to Adolf in the foreground, silhoue against the cell-screen images of Eva. We drift around to Adolf's face, which has softened with nostalgia. We drift behind him again. He stands up, block the images. Hold on the blackness. 11 FADE IN: A MAGNIFYING LENS IN ADOLF'S HAND. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Animated shapes swirl in the glass. It moves aside, revea photographic proof sheet that captures sampled motion pic frames, taken from a speech. Adolf scrutinizes them with unnatural intensity. SOUNDS: We hear a distant crowd: Sieg Heil! Echoed. It ri volume to a ROAR. 12 VAST RANKS OF SOLDIERS MOVE IN AND OUT OF FOCUS. It's the 1934 party rally at Nuremberg. The ranks of sold out of focus, form abstract geometric shapes.
0) 21) dialog: Nothing is more important to me than the preservation of these images. Adolf stops fiddling with the lens, crosses and sits stif Imperious. We discover DR. JOSEPH GOEBBELS kneeling on on at Adolf's feet. He is short and thin, dark-haired and fe faced. One leg is crippled. ON THE CELL-SCREEN: The formations and movements are stri choreographed. Formal and angular.
0) 22) dialog: Power, order, solemnity. Look at the men, Goebbels. The geometry. The classic lines. Goebbels limps up to the cell-screen, moves his hands to the formations.
0) 25) dialog: Do you think I should have walked down the aisle alone?
0) 27) dialog: My instinct was that a loner would be viewed as less trustworthy. Better to be surrounded by faithful lieutenants. ADOLF (cont'd) (studies the unfolding pageantry) Those men, Goebbels. What are they thinking?
0) 29) dialog: I wonder if their feet hurt. Goebbels hesitates, unsure if Adolf is making a joke.
0) 37) dialog: In the first world war, the Jews and the Bolsheviks stabbed Germany in the back. ON THE CELL-SCREEN: The propaganda images. Night rallies.
0) 38) dialog: Even as German blood spilled in our just and noble cause, the enemy within sought to destroy us with treachery. The bad within must be extracted. We must protect Germany. I MUST save the motherland from this defilement ! The veins on Adolf's face bulge with rage. He begins to C with increasing violence, until he's hacking up phlegm. O respect, the Typist averts his gaze. Adolf hurries to wipe his mouth with his handkerchief. Ad pants for breath. He crosses past the cell-screen, and in darkness. 15 CLOSE: ADOLF UNBUTTONS THE CUFF OF HIS SHIRT SLEEVE. A woman's hands stick the needle of a syringe into the to small bottle of whitish liquid. The plunger sucks up the into the syringe. Adolf lowers his arm in readiness. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 16 SEVEN HITLER YOUTH, FOUR BOYS, THREE GIRLS. The girls, feminine and petite, sit on a bench facing Ado Behind them, the boys, tall and angular, stand "at ease". our distance (wider shots). Adolf paces.
0) 39) dialog: Film is the magician's mirror. The first art form that allows the artist to project his dreams and fantasies into the inner life of the viewer. To reshape and capture his soul. He stops, turns towards the rapt twelve-to-sixteen-year-o ADOLF (cont'd) Who's the tallest here? Among the girls? They hesitate. A tall girl bravely raises her hand. Adolf motions for her to stand, come nearer. She does.
0) 40) dialog: Kneel down. She obeys, shyly. From her POV, he now looms above her. Her tension is vaguely sexual.
0) 41) dialog: Tell your classmates what you have experienced.
0) 43) dialog: What I did, I did for film. To create a perfect reality indelibly imprinted in the minds of billions. My works of grandeur and destruction live on. They will touch and transform even the unborn. CELL-SCREEN: Spectacular Nazi parades: Soldiers, armament throngs of people waving along the routes. Adolf standing open car, moving in isolation among the crowds like a rol statue. Adoring crowds chanting Heil Hitler. IN THE CELL, Adolf increases the volume to deafening leve
0) 44) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 I am the artist. I am the art work. A TALL BOY'S GLASSES reflect images from the cell screen, progress to night parades - thousands carrying torches. Adolf walks into the projector beam, his shadow on the sc surrounded by the torch-bearing crowd.
0) 45) dialog: I was Homer, I was Ulysses, I was the Odyssey. The images transition to night battles; all around Adolf' shadow, which continues to grow, explosions flash, fire r Heroic soldiers charge into battle. WIDER: The Youth in the foreground, the cell-screen in th background. ADOLF (cont'd) I enlisted powerful men, courageous men, to the task of fulfilling my artistic destiny.
0) 47) dialog: Where was I.... Oh... I remember now... Adolf waits. Off screen, the Typist hits the carriage ret
0) 48) dialog: One power alone makes a great leader: imagination, divine vision. (aside, to the Typist) I took those words from someone... I can't remember who. He inflates himself, then exhales, relaxing, content.
0) 49) dialog: Ah, it's good to be writing again. Adolf watches the Typist to see if he will react. He does 18 DISSOLVE TO: THE RECORD PLAYER. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Adolf puts a record on the machine. He moves the stylus t specific piece. It SCRATCHES as he sets it down. THE MUSIC: An instrumental portion of Handel's Messiah. Adolf reacts; this isn't the part he was looking for. He moves the stylus, but again, wrong section. He tries once more. At last, he finds the portion he desi He moves his hands in small rhythmic motion, humming with music. BACKGROUND CELL-SCREEN: A "cathedral of lights", created German search lights in the night sky (from "Olympia").
0) 55) dialog: I represented the rejection of the modern... EVA (sits up behind him) What is it, Adolf? With his back to her, he pulls on the other boot. While h struggling, he grumbles to himself.
0) 56) dialog: (0.S., the Typist TYPES) ...a return to the world of Homer.... In which war is not about massive destruction, but remains first and foremost an instrument to enhance a hero's personal glory. He pauses. Then stands up. We pull away with him from Eva walks off frame, his boots LOUD on the floor. CUT TO: He lays unframed kitschy paintings on a table. Ho the last one, a woman nursing a baby. FADE TO BLACK.
0) 59) dialog: watches the paintings burn. The CLICKING of the woman's s gets louder. He tries not to notice.
0) 61) dialog: What number was the last footnote?
0) 63) dialog: Footnote twenty-nine. The Fuhrer wrote these words for the first draft of Mein Kampf... THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 The morning of May 2, 1924 in Landsberg Prison. He walks over, drops the folder on the Typist's desk. To the sounds of MARCHING from the screen, Adolf turns to mirror, pushes his hair back and adjusts his uniform. ADOLF (to the Typist) In other countries, why do they keep the German title, "Mein Kampf", instead of translating it to "My Struggle?" ON THE CELL SCREEN: Hitler reviewing the troops at a para more of the soldiers goose-stepping (abstracted).
0) 65) dialog: I hate the sun. He "places" the light, and takes a dramatic-speech pose. ADOLF'S POV: A vague outline of a camera stands behind an side of the mirror. ON ADOLF: He checks his pose in the mirror again. CLICK: The image freezes into a still photograph.1 CUT AHEAD TO: Adolf, unsatisfied, places the still photo easel, studies the pose captured there, and then the mirr then repeats the pose, to perfect it. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 CLICK: Another portrait is taken. The image freezes to a CUT AHEAD TO: Adolf, still unsatisfied, again places the photo on an easel, nervously pushes his hair back from hi and then obsessively uses the mirror to improve. CLICK. CLICK. CLICK. Photo after pose after photo after pose. He never quite g right. But it gets better. By the last pose, it's a strik freeze-frame of passion and righteous rage.
0) 70) dialog: Let's enter one more into the record. (pulls it from envelope, reads as the Typist types, 0.S.) This is from April, 1935. A woman from Berlin. "My fervently adored Fuhrer. You have a birthday, and we know only two ardent wishes: May everything in our fatherland be now and in the future just as you want it to be and may God provide that you be preserved for us forever. Your loyal, E.E." ON THE CELL SCREEN behind him: boy and girl members of th Youth exercise in strict, attractive formation. Adolf smiles pridefully, puts the letter into a basket fu hundreds more letters like it. Affixed to each is a posta of a Hitler portrait. Adolf sorts through them, selects a one he likes.
0) 72) dialog: There is magic in enormity, my Little Doctor. He lifts a scaled model of the Eiffel tower into view, se down next to his own eagle-topped tower. He seems disappo discover that the French tower is taller.
0) 74) dialog: Overwhelming, like a dominant father.
0) 76) dialog: Wagner made the exorbitant demand that the stage become an hypnotic instrument under the power of the artist. I imposed the same demand on Germany. He walks back to Goebbels, who has decorated Germania for parade, turning the main mall into something almost festi
0) 77) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 History is an error to be rewritten by the visionary playwright.
0) 81) dialog: While Wagner brought the German myths to the operatic stage, I brought them to the world. I am the superman, a Teutonic knight on the quest for the Holy Grail. Compared to me, Wagner was a minimalist. He says it with no self-irony. Goebbels watches him with chameleon face that serves whatever Adolf projects onto h WAGNERIAN MUSIC builds aggressively, as if to dominate Ad put him in his place. Adolf's mood changes. The hollow br wanes. Humility overtakes him. The music crescendos. Followed by the roar of applause. BEAMS OF LIGHT form a mini "cathedral of lights" behind t THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 TINY SWASTIKAS flutter down onto Germania. Adolf hears th applause, re-inflates himself. He gently sprinkles swasti from his hand, like a gardener, from above the city.
0) 84) dialog: Wait... I thought you said our count was five million seven hundred thousand. Hands roll a map of 1930's Europe onto a war table.
0) 86) dialog: Typical. A clever exaggeration. (thinks) Let's use that figure, Goering. All the better for us. History likes round numbers. Adolf jots figures on a piece of paper near the map. He looks out over Europe.
0) 87) dialog: The war total was 55 million.... ADOLF (cont'd) Out of that the camps and the death squads were responsible for only eleven or twelve million.
0) 89) dialog: Could we say that over half of those were non-Jews?
0) 91) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Awkward language.
0) 93) dialog: Should we use "gentiles?" (calculates in his mind) But... if twelve million were liquidated and six million were Jews... Or is five point seven...? Scheissa! Why can't I get accurate numbers?! Where's Himmler?!
0) 95) dialog: Yes... And yet the Jews take they're removal so personally.
0) 97) dialog: And the bed wetters.... ADOLF (cont'd) (shakes his head) The useless eaters. Commenced, September one, nineteen-thirty nine.
0) 99) dialog: Tidier... War for living space. War for race purification. All begun on the same day. He says this without emotion. All business. Cold.
0) 105) dialog: Do I look more mysterious in a hat? Eva turns from the home movies, shakes her head. He then hatless picture on top of the hat picture, and moves on. She notices a photo of Hitler with Himmler and Goering. C to their costumes, Hitler's is noticeably plain.
0) 107) dialog: Better to remain undefined. (stops, reflects on this) Suggestive indefiniteness. She finds one of Hitler smiling.
0) 109) dialog: Before I became Chancellor, there were none. Nor any with children or small animals. While Adolf continues looking at photos, Eva goes back to home movies. ON THE CELL SCREEN: Adolf with puppies running around at feet. He remains standing, stiff, unwilling to bend to th Then, images of Eva on an ocean liner.
0) 111) dialog: (cuts her off) I had no time for holiday trips.
0) 114) dialog: (grumbles under his breath) The greater the man, the more insignificant should be his woman. In the background, Eva waits for him to calm down. Like a retriever dog, she looks around for something to offer, p the photo album, brings it to him, holding it up. EVA (meek, 0.S.) THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Look... It's a photo of herself when she was young, blonder and f (Hoffman 242-EB-32-1B). Adolf ignores her at first. Final looks at the photo. Eva hurries to ingratiate.
0) 116) dialog: (still dominant) I liked you when you were blonde and thin.
0) 120) dialog: Freud?
0) 121) text: Across the room is SIGMUND FREUD, who appears as one woul expect: archetypal. As if in a classic portrait. Adolf keeps his eyes on Freud, steps towards him, circles Takes a posture of strength. ON THE CELL SCREEN behind him: abstract turbulence. FREUD keeps his eyes on Adolf, studying him. Adolf clearly doesn't like being measured. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 122) dialog: You could never understand a man of will.
0) 124) dialog: The problem with you Jews is you think you know so much. Freud looks back at him, indifferent.
0) 125) dialog: The inside of a man, this foolishness about the id, and... superego... A man is the sum total of his acts! Success justifies all.
0) 127) dialog: A man is his own creation, his own artwork. To use only reason is to close the door to the power of an idea like, "blood and soil."
0) 129) dialog: I know myself completely. I know my personal myths. That is enough. He walks away from Freud, stops, straightens his jacket. ON THE CELL SCREEN in the background: More abstract turbu made to look like a Rorschach test.
0) 130) dialog: With the answers to a thousand questions, you and your kind could not begin to understand me. Only a poet can touch the edge of the Fuhrer mystery. Freud carefully considers Adolf's words. ADOLF stares bac ominous intensity. Adolf then takes an abrupt, aggressive step towards Freud, rising even further in the THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 FREUD - slows to freeze frame, literally, with his hand f awkwardly at the tip of his beard. He is dehumanized. The also "freeze", clipped, echoing to nothing.
0) 133) dialog: From Latvia to Lithuania. From Estonia to Slovakia. From Russia, from Poland to the Ukraine -- wherever we found them.... 250,000 blonde-haired, blue-eyed nuggets harvested for the Third Reich... (as an afterthought) Nordic nuggets, to lighten up the dark Bavarians. TYPIST (stops typing) We took children from their parents?
0) 134) dialog: They were misplaced Germans. We brought them home. ON THE TYPIST: He gazes at Hitler, as if he might questio further, but then nods and goes back to work.
0) 136) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 When I was a small boy in Linz, I frequently played alone. I would walk to the top of a hill overlooking the city. In dark solitude, I imagined that I had absolute command of those heights and all the lands below. Only the trees on the hillside heard my cry: HEIL HITLER! HEIL HITLER! Those private moments stayed with me through the darkest days. Adolf stops painting, satisfied at first. But as he scrut the self-portrait, insecurity re-emerges.
0) 137) dialog: The tragedy of every charismatic leader is to be imprisoned by his fate. His triumphs are finite, his needs infinite.
0) 140) dialog: Nazism and Christianity are based on the same idea that one individual could provide salvation. A simple man from a small cottage... IN THE CELL, another photograph is autographed. ...could work a miracle of enlightenment and faith in a world of skepticism and despair. ON THE SCREEN: night rallies build to mystical ritual, to and giant red Nazi flags, storm troopers marching. Tribal animalistic, CHANTING. ADOLF (in cell to Typist) My need to control fulfilled others' need to be controlled. That was my euphoric discovery. The union of my urges and the German people's desires. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 If you unite a powerful people whose first duty is obedience, you can do anything. (stops and thinks) God I loved order. Then daylight, and shots about the individual becoming pa larger cause, merging into the crowd. Then SIEG HEILS.
0) 144) dialog: (continuing, 0.S. at first) ".,..I am the German spirit. Consider the incomparable magic of my works." We notice Freud. Hitler's back is to him.
0) 146) dialog: ".,.the incomparable magic of my works." (turns to Freud) It's Wagner. He closes the ancient book, stands and recites from memor ADOLF (cont'd) "Man is a beast of prey, developing through constant progress. The beast conquers, founds great realms by the subjugation of other subjugators, forms states and organizes civilizations, in order to enjoy his booty in THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 peace... Attack and defense, suffering and struggle, domination and servitude, all sealed with blood...."
0) 148) dialog: We are both illusionists and showmen.... I made my life so different, so vibrant, so extreme... This is how I have accumulated power. I wrapped blood and iron in a cloud of mystic communion with the German 'Volk.' (he extends the book, shaking it) Whoever wants to understand Hitler must first know Wagner. He drops the book for emphasis, notices that Freud is scr on his analyst's pad. Frustrated, Adolf suddenly jumps up the pad from Freud's hand. He crosses to the wood stove, opens the door, tosses it i embers. The pad FLAMES up.
0) 150) dialog: Here. Write this: Fire fascinates Hitler. It consumes without accepting or rejecting. He stares at Freud, daring him to analyze it and write. 39 OVER BLACK: FAINT, DISTANT SCREAMS. SERIES OF SHOTS DISSOLVE THROUGH: Black and white images abstract body forms that begin to evoke death. Hitler's i a warped mirror: grotesque. Ominous images of huge gears grinding together, dragging stills from "Triumph of the W into the machinery.
0) 154) dialog: Goebbels, did you write this speech?
0) 156) dialog: "To be allowed to be Adolf Hitler's mason, carpenter and lowliest day laborer is a gift of heaven."
0) 158) dialog: Ah, listen... From one of your speeches: "In the personality of Hitler, a million-fold longing of the German people has become reality..." What a thrill to play Fuhrer. For twelve years, the supreme father figure.
0) 163) dialog: Read the last sentence back to me.
0) 165) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Yes, good. The symbolism at the center... TILT TO DISCOVER: Adolf is the adult doing the measuring.
0) 166) dialog: Like the sun. No one could look at me without the pain and punishment of blindness. Number two: The receptivity of the masses is unlimited, yet their understanding is feeble. They quickly forget. Three: The masses tell each other small lies. It would never come into their heads to construct colossal tales. Thus the bold myths work best. Four: Effective propaganda must be confined to stereotypes. Always focus people's attention on a single foe. To have multiple enemies confuses people. My genius was the combining of two enemies -- Jews and Marxism -- into one: Jewish Marxism. A synthesis that was key to my success. Weave this in: Crude simplifications, endlessly repeated will influence the supple -- Goebbels' realm. For the non-supple, the stubborn, terror is necessary -- Himmler's responsibility. The typist glances up at mention of the SS leader.
0) 168) dialog: This was to be built for you. She reacts. The nine-year old plays with toy soldiers fro checkpoint gates. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 The children run off. We follow them until they exit fram We PUSH slowly toward the wall to discover reddish water in at the floor-wall seam, then up along the wall's surfa a vague outline of human ribs just below the plaster of t past a wall-painting of a half-man, half beast (inspired Stuck), then further along the wall...
0) 172) dialog: What will they think of us?.... History... those who study our lives? Will we be judged by what we say, by our deeds, by the monuments and images we leave behind...? (pauses to think) ...0r something else? Something we can't control? This is an unsettling thought: Not to be in control. The JAILER appears, his stick rattling along the surface cell, past the opening in the wall, whose light has sudde extinguished. Adolf is now across the room. CLOSE ON THE JAILER: His face, oblong, fills the frame.
0) 176) dialog: It would never occur to people that I am shy. He continues to wait awkwardly before speaking. But then adoring crowds, which fuel him as a speaker. Back and for between crowds encouraging him, to bigger and bigger mome speaker -- the crowds pushing the man instead of the othe around. Later in the same (or another) speech, his arm is out, hi fingers are shaking. The CAMERA suddenly jumps from his f his arm to his two shaking fingers. Huge ROARS of crowds. Adolf beams, prideful. Then deflates for a moment. Reflec It's never enough. It doesn't satisfy his boundless hunge FLASH CUT TO: Adolf's hand, his sleeve rolled up, his fis clenching and unclenching. The nurse's hands bring the hypodermic needle close to a vein (to inject a drug). WAGNERIAN CHORUSES -- singing his praises -- accompany th on the cell-screen.
0) 177) dialog: Light from the screen, from the admiration of the crowds, his face. Adolf walks into the beam, lifts his arms, clos eyes, turns his body slowly in the warmth. Adolf sits into his chair, still vaguely unsatisfied. A woman's hand slides into frame, caresses his cheek, sho neck... EVA. His hand touches her, warmly, acknowledging. (Read: "Keep touching me. Be here for me.") From the crowds on the screen. Great CHEERS.
0) 179) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 They were stupefied by the Fuhrer cult. ON THE CELL-SCREEN: The crowds are now hysterical in thei efforts to pay homage to Hitler. Men cheer, salute. Women throw flowers, reach out to him.
0) 180) dialog: So hungry for me... as if I could fill their emptiness... But his own emptiness is vast. Still trying to sate himse repeats the footage without the sound, and in slow motion
0) 182) dialog: (trying to go with it) Yes... The desire to be the desired object.
0) 184) dialog: Fleeting. The thrill quickly loses its impact. (turns to Eva) You were the one thing... that brought me peace. IN THE CELL, Adolf gestures for her to kneel beside him. He gestures for her to let her hair down. She picks up a ON THE CELL-SCREEN: Eva at her most playful. IN THE CELL, Adolf glances at her. We see that the mirror using has two sides (one is a magnifying mirror). He's di by his own reflection, slightly magnified, covering most face. PUSH IN to the mirror, with part of Eva visible behind it LAUGHTER comes up on the sound track. DISSOLVE TO: reflections of Eva and Adolf in warped carni mirrors. Huge elongated head, tiny dwarf-like body. Then long skinny body. Then tiny head. Back and forth. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 The laughter builds to a point. They get caught up. But t the voices and laughter begin to distort, the mood change faces become less funny, more grotesque, revolting. DISSOLVE BACK TO: Adolf's reflection in Eva's mirror. Upset by the fantasy, Adolf pushes the mirror away.
0) 185) dialog: I told you to destroy that footage...
0) 189) dialog: Look! (points at the screen) You don't understand! At the projector, he winds off the offending footage, fin it begins and ends by holding it up to the light, then te out. He rolls up this piece of embarrassing footage, puts the front pocket of his pants. He splices the film on the reels, sits back down, and re- the section, now edited. The sequence is followed by shots of Hitler in the home m looking exalted. IN THE CELL: Close on Eva, head down, eyes looking up to screen. Adolf's hand enters the frame, pets Eva's hair. H forgiven her.
0) 191) dialog: Adolf is still wearing his uniform. Eva lies on her back, listening to him. He absentmindedly pets her hair. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 192) dialog: What I hated most about the war was fighting the English. The fair Brits, our racial brothers, our natural allies. Saxons. Anglos. The very word means angels, doesn't it? ON THE CELL SCREEN, in the background: Stonehenge. From b air, and from low on the ground.
0) 194) dialog: The traitor Churchill never told his countrymen that I offered an alliance, a union of racial brothers, and protection of the British Empire. She unbuttons his uniform shirt, puts her hand inside his She slowly gains his attention. Adolf pulls the blouse off her shoulder, strokes her whit explores the surfaces and creases of her skin. His hand pushes her blouse further down, revealing her la covered breast. He is aroused, but seems awkward, incapab closing the distance... To connect deeply, meaningfully. The compositions of her body become formal, isolated, fra The MUSIC changes from melodic to odd.
0) 198) dialog: on the edge of the bed moves upward through the frame. We DOLLY with him as he walks toward the young woman, anticipation on his face. We move with him as he circles her, revealing that beyond there are one... two... ten more BLONDE YOUNG WOMEN, simi dressed, waiting. Each woman stands in a different subtle innocent, yet alluring and sensual. Robust. CELL-SCREEN: Barely noticeable in the background, are abstractions of men goose-stepping, standing at attention the images are extremely masculine). IN THE CELL: Very CLOSE on Adolf as he weaves through the He brushes against them purposely, also unavoidably. We l track of which woman he is touching; they are interchange
0) 202) dialog: ...think of Volk and Reich, our great nation... He studies himself. Ponders the implications.
0) 205) dialog: (much of it off screen) When I was homeless during a cold Vienna winter, a Jewish art merchant gave me an overcoat. I even had a Jewish friend at the men's shelter with whom I spent many pleasant afternoons.... Maybe there would have been an advantage in not exterminating the Jews.... (pauses) For a long time we considered a territorial solution. We would put them in reservations or ship them to Madagascar. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 In fact, we encouraged mass emigration. Eichman's assignment in the 30's was to find places to move them to, but few countries would take more than a handful. Someone even proposed a mass sterilization plan. He hesitates, then begins to re-fold the piece of paper. ADOLF (shakes his head) ....an ugly necessity.
0) 207) text: magnified by the thick glass. The eye probes. ADOLF (anxious) Let's finish this section... TYPIST (reading) "Enigma, carefully manipulated, enhances one's power and fame."
0) 208) dialog: Make that power, fame and immortality. For example, never will they discover written authorization from me concerning the special treatment of the Jews. This simple missing link will intrigue scholars for generations. Hitler scholars..... PUSH IN to the photo. To Hitler as a child.
0) 209) dialog: Obfuscation keeps people guessing. The little feints, the ambiguities, contradictions... The surprises..... Paragraph. ON THE CELL SCREEN behind Hitler, enigmatic shots of Hitl especially from stills, and random, unrelated images. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 210) dialog: My first four years as head of the Nazi party, I forbade photos to be taken of me. There were things about myself that were best kept out of the public eye. To my surprise, the efforts to keep these things hidden created a cloak of enigma. People want to know. They talk. They were kept on edge. ANOTHER PAGE FLIPS: Again, the glass draws us to Hitler, this time set off from the other children. A hurt look on his face. PUSH IN closer and closer, all the way GRAIN. Through the magnifying glass, the big EYE GAZES... BLINKS CLOSER on the child's face. Clearly troubled.
0) 211) dialog: We better ex out the last section.
0) 213) dialog: No, no... Starting with: "There were things about me that I am not comfortable with..."
0) 215) dialog: No sense stimulating interest in the vicious lies about my family. When we cut to his POV, the photo is now of him as a chil on that, until his fingers begin to slide the photo out o frame. Behind it is revealed another photo (his father). it can be totally revealed, we THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 219) dialog: 
0) 222) dialog: I'm the greatest actor in Europe. REVEAL: He's speaking to Goering, who's wearing another outlandish uniform. Goering nods; he's heard it before.
0) 223) dialog: I'm the greatest actor in Europe. When he's satisfied with the effect, he lets himself go " character." He strides over to the Typist, who's poised to resume typ
0) 226) dialog: You're no Clark Gable, yourself, Goebbels. ON THE SCREEN: Himmler salutes to someone. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 IN THE CELL: Adolf absentmindedly salutes back. ON THE SCREEN: The image slows artificially.
0) 227) dialog: Himmler looked like a weasel.
0) 229) dialog: Didn't anyone notice?
0) 231) dialog: Art must be plausible. (beat) If you wrote a script about Aryan superiority and cast Himmler, people would laugh, walk out of the theatre. But in real life, Himmler runs an Aryan superiority organization and it plays.
0) 233) dialog: Let's put up another reel. Adolf reaches for more film.
0) 238) dialog: They made me man of the year.
0) 240) dialog: Time Magazine. They made me man of the year... I was on the cover of six issues. (lays the stack on the table -- we see him on the cover) I conquered Poland, Norway, Denmark, France. Americans love a winner. Of course it mean's nothing. They made Roosevelt Man of the Year three times.
0) 243) dialog: I dressed a nation in costumes and we played cowboys and Indians. Anyone who takes all this too seriously has no sense of the absurd.
0) 245) dialog: Next section: Off screen, we hear the Typist typing...
0) 246) dialog: Number one: Only a charismatic leader could heal the wounds of the great war inflicted on us by the November criminals. Number two: Hitler's charisma was as much created by the German masses as it was imposed upon them. Number three: In peacetime, stability and routine undermine charisma. In war time, the great threat is defeat. We come up to a riding crop in his hands, which he flicks exits frame. We hold for a beat on liquid that has seeped the cell through cracks where the wall joins the floor.
0) 248) dialog: Number four: It was the failure of the will of the German people that fatally undermined my charisma. Number five... The boots hold still for a minute. He can't finish. He tu walks straight away from camera, off into blackness.
0) 254) dialog: You take an ordinary man... The Typist types. Very slowly, with great care, Adolf str the glove over his hand. He reaches for the other.
0) 255) dialog: ...dress him in a uniform... He squeezes both hands against each other. The camera fol he reaches for the riding crop on its hook. ADOLF (cont'd) (off cell-screen) ...and that man will commit acts he would have never before imagined. He slides the riding crop in his hand from the base to th Slaps it into his palm. He puts on a formal military hat with a short brim that s his eyes. WIDER: Adolf assumes a pose of command, then glances over shoulder at the unseen typist.
0) 256) dialog: You can turn a runny-nosed, bed-wetter into a ruthless warrior. PUSH IN TO HIS FACE: He looks forward again, confident, a steel, the ruthless warrior. But it's a pose that cannot sustained. FIRELIGHT flickers on the side of his face.
0) 260) dialog: Enough talk, Freud.... Watch how I use my nervous energy to subdue and control the crowd... CELL SCREEN: Hitler nervously positions a table near the microphone.
0) 261) dialog: Every thing I do here is entirely calculated...
0) 263) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 The crowd is a hesitant female. CELL SCREEN: He keeps the crowd waiting to build tension, power over them.
0) 264) dialog: Their bodies and souls await penetration. Something blocks the image.
0) 266) dialog: Isn't desire the great motor of life? We dolly back with Adolf, discover Freud sitting in the foreground, watching the screen. CELL SCREEN: Eva in home movies: in the water, at waterfa doing exercises, gymnastics. Adolf paces back and forth a the images.
0) 268) dialog: Decay, diminishment, slander. The beginning of the end.
0) 270) dialog: The purely artistic. Read Nietzsche.
0) 272) dialog: To be a creative artist, one inevitably walks the spiritual path. In fact, they are the same path.
0) 274) dialog: Stop! Conscience is the Jewish invention. For National Socialists, action follows thought as quickly as thunder follows lightning. SERIES OF SHOTS: Hot coals, fire moving along a surface.
0) 281) dialog: In World War One, I was a messenger. I never killed anyone. There's a FLASH. The image "freezes" into a photograph: H posed with children. FADE TO BLACK. Fade up on Hitler mov with the children again. The cycle repeats with each clai
0) 282) dialog: I am a vegetarian. I never eat dead animals. FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
0) 283) dialog: I loathe big game hunters. A gruesome blood bath. FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
0) 284) dialog: I would not allow smoking in my presence. We outlawed tobacco advertising. FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
0) 285) dialog: The health of the body is of supreme spiritual value. FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
0) 286) dialog: I insisted on the humane treatment of pets and farm animals. FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 287) dialog: I even issued a decree regulating the cooking of lobsters to minimize their suffering. Fade to black, then back to Adolf. Adolf has again pumped himself up with his affirmations.
0) 288) dialog: I reduced chemicals in fruits and vegetables. The SS planted organic gardens.
0) 289) dialog: (this one on screen) I am not a brutal man by nature.
0) 292) dialog: Think of us National Socialists as gardeners. We cultivated the flowers and plucked out the weeds.
0) 295) dialog: We preferred the spoken to the written word. More so, symbols to any kind of words. And above all, pageantry, spectacle and music. We wrapped all this in solemn ritual to create vibrant and dynamic images. The screen images transition to images that emphasize the uniformed and black-helmeted SS.
0) 296) dialog: I mobilized an entire nation to create my art. And while I love opera, and architecture, my true passion is film. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Rethink the Hitler Era in artistic terms. People thought I choreographed the 1934 Nuremberg Rally to make the documentary "Triumph of the Will". The critics lack the imagination to see that I orchestrated world War Two for the same reasons. The invasion of countries. Mobilization of millions of extras to create the most magnificent and historic film footage. Footage delivered nightly from the front by courier for my personal review. We MOVE along behind the children, watching Hitler addres
0) 297) dialog: So my sons and daughters, take guidance from the arts. To write a best seller, or stira nation: Simplify. Your hero must have no fears and your villain no need for affection. The fair maiden must be blonde, and the villain must wear dark clothing and a mustache. Lost in the thought, Adolf walks in front of the girls. He stops before one of the girls, picks up her hand, insp for cleanliness, then puts it back down in her lap.
0) 298) dialog: Life is ambiguous. None of us can stand ambiguity. Me, most of all. If you told the truth, both the teller and the listener would go insane.
0) 300) dialog: Stop... (the Typists stops) I must rethink this... If I'd stopped with the conquest of France, I would have gone THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 down in history as the greatest conqueror since Alexander the Great... No, no, no... "The greatest military genius in history". Wait, what do you think... Well, no... Ah! Here it is: "Greatest empire since Caesar." That... That's it...: Let's make it "if I had I stopped with the conquest of France, I would have built the greatest sustained empire since Caesar Augustus." He turns to the CELL SCREEN behind him, watches the trium ride through Berlin after taking France.
0) 301) dialog: What drives the great leader beyond his destiny? Weakened by the sense of loss, he has to lean on a table.
0) 308) dialog: The war would have never started... CLOSE on Hitler's lips.
0) 309) dialog: ...if it wasn't for the Jews. (pause) And their puppet, Churchill. CUT OUT TO A WIDER SHOT: Adolf takes a pose, bent over, u ceremonial sword as a walking stick, and speaks like Chur THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 310) dialog: "We will fight them on the landing strips, we will fight them on the beaches, we will fight them wherever the enemy does engage us..."
0) 313) dialog: You little babushka... You were going to invade me, but I invaded you first. ANGLE: Adolf and Goebbels watch.
0) 314) dialog: An engineer of souls.
0) 316) dialog: He called himself an engineer of souls.
0) 318) dialog: I wish I had said it. Goebbels yawns slightly, suppresses it. Hitler can't help yawning himself, only he yawns much wider.
0) 319) dialog: We must suppress yawning... And we must eradicate the yawners. Goebbels and Hitler share a mean smile. They continue stu Stalin on the cell screen. After a few beats...
0) 320) dialog: There, did you see that? Adolf winds back, slows down the footage to show Stalin w children marching by in Moscow.
0) 321) dialog: He looked directly into the camera lens. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 323) dialog: No, no. Trivialities often go unnoticed.... I find them to be the best clues to a man's character.
0) 326) dialog: In every society there are pent up hatreds. For example, in the United States, it's against the blacks. In Russia, the successful. A politician must mobilize these hatreds. Adolf ties the ribbon around the stack of sleeved photos.
0) 327) dialog: Reason must be trained to think in historical dimensions.
0) 333) dialog: Am I mad? (waits for an answer) Am I mad? Adolf turns, looks almost into the lens.
0) 337) dialog: If I hadn't been called into politics, I would have been the great German architect. When he doesn't hear Goering respond, he looks up, glarin
0) 339) dialog: My tombstone should bear the inscription: "He was the victim of his generals." The invincible Luftwafe commanded by the great General Goering.... humiliated by the British air force! A swarm of mosquitoes.
0) 341) dialog: You may look Nordic, but you lack Nordic spirit. Goering almost replies, but Adolf silences him with a sta
0) 345) dialog: Two solid hours... Like granite. Goering despises me for it. That I have this power, also astonishes me. We drift around him to see that he is standing at the mir watching himself strain. A smirk of pridefulness.
0) 346) dialog: Only twice in my life have I been afflicted by weakness: at the death of my Mother, and at the betrayal of my Motherland.
0) 348) dialog: Mmmmm. . . THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Adolf's arm begins to quiver with fatigue. Sweat beads on forehead. The soft light is overpowered by a harsher ligh causing the wrinkles on Adolf's tired face to be more pro
0) 353) dialog: For us Pagan German Nationalists, knowledge comes to the Volk from a higher power. Knowledge through blood. At the limit of endurance, Adolf notices his Nazi arm ban hanging near the mirror. He glances at Freud to see if he watching, then calmly lowers his arm, moves to the arm ba puts it on. Adolf gives Freud an indifferent half-salute, up. ON THE CELL SCREEN: A photograph of Adolf as a child on h mother's knee.
0) 354) dialog: (defensively) When you assume absolute rule, a beast climbs onto the throne with you. CELL SCREEN: Dissolve to the father's image.
0) 357) dialog: Hitler and German History... ADOLF'S POV: The NURSE squirts the blood into a test tube see her mostly from the back. (she's beautiful, Teutonic, the eleven blondes, barely recognizable, with her hair in French twist).
0) 358) dialog: Every philosopher, politician, poet, composer, general. Each will be viewed in light of my legacy. They are precursors; threads woven into the tapestry of the Hitler Era. People will be drawn to my doings, as toa fiery, multi-car wreck on the Autobahn. I stole German History. The nurse hands him the test tube of blood. He dips his l finger into the blood, then touches it to his tongue. He corks the test tube, holds the blood up to the light f opening in the wall. The light refracts onto his face.
0) 359) dialog: Here's an additional idea: I have stolen Germany's future. For generations, all of German history will be viewed through the lens ground by the accomplishments of the Era of Adolf Hitler. The nurse puts a cotton ball on the hole in his arm, fold arm up for him. He writes on the test tube's label himsel hands it back to her.
0) 360) dialog: Losing the war would not steal my singular place in history. She puts the test tube into a wooden holder where eight o test-tubes already are stored. There are now seven empty their slots. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Adolf is slumped in the chair, close to falling asleep.
0) 363) dialog: The Jew is always within us; we can never get rid of him
0) 365) dialog: Yes... I hated Vienna. (he's pained to remember) It was dark and cold. There was shit on the street. Stray dogs...
0) 367) dialog: Young, blonde, alive. A fair maiden. Austria was like an old, broken-down man. An empire with no territories. Impotent, old fool. All pretense and no substance. But Germany... Bright, fresh, clean.
0) 369) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 What?
0) 371) dialog: No, I did not.
0) 373) dialog: Austria had its day; an illegitimate marriage with Hungary. An empire rotten to the core. Czechs, Croatians... Slavs. Only the mating of Austria with Germany could save her. On the cell screen behind him: Footage of Hitler youth gi doing choreographed exercise.
0) 375) dialog: (picks up photo of his mother) But my mother, she was an angel. A true German. Skin as white as fresh-fallen snow. See Adolf's face over hers, reflected on the frame.
0) 377) dialog: Why does the Oedipus complex provide deeper insight into man's struggle than my racial theories? Freud does not respond.
0) 378) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 You call yourself a doctor, a scientist, but what proof do you have of your theories?
0) 380) dialog: A tool to help people understand.
0) 382) dialog: To help people feel better about themselves. Freud watches Adolf pace, anticipating what he's getting
0) 383) dialog: My ideology has helped the German people feel better. FREUD (nods) By dividing the world between good and bad... Maybe this is where you strayed from your spiritual path. Adolf stands over Freud now.
0) 384) dialog: It is a law of nature. A man must put others down to feel good about himself. Freud is intimidated. Adolf smiles, walks away.
0) 386) dialog: Race is everything... Upon the ancient foundation of race, I forged religion, science, magic and politics into a single world view. I gave them something to believe in. Someone to blame.
0) 388) dialog: All you do is help people cope with the day- to-day neurotic story line. You perpetuate a bourgeois existence that offers no salvation.
0) 390) dialog: Besides, the roots of National Socialism are hidden in secret places. It's beyond your grasp. Freud's reaction is ambiguous. But Hitler interprets it a defeat. Satisfied, he sits and crosses his arms.
0) 393) dialog: The German people were hopelessly fragmented by wealth, class, education... Adolf draws lines separating the faces on his sketch pads groups. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 ADOLF (continuing) ...country of origin, ancestry, nobility... those kinds of issues. He draws more lines, some intersecting. Then picks up a r and begins to draw a red arc.
0) 394) dialog: By uniting the Germans on the basis of blood, we eliminated these differences. We follow his red pen around the page, then pull back to that the lines he's been drawing form a swastika, now ins red circle. The Typist begins to get the meaning.
0) 396) dialog: Exactly. To downplay the internal differences, we focused on external differences: Those of us with German blood versus Jews, Slavs, Gypsies...
0) 398) dialog: And the homosexuals. We needed to eliminate the malformed, purge our bloodline of impurities. (builds to a fever pitch) National Socialism was not a political party, but a sacred crusade against those inimicable to the pure Nordic super-race - a holy duty to all born with Germanic blood in their veins. The Typist struggles to understand.
0) 402) dialog: Uniforms arouse women. ADOLF'S HANDS enter the shot, draping a ceremonial sash a Goering's overly adorned chest. Goering watches -- steely masculine -- as he awaits his "torture."
0) 403) dialog: First, women crave authority. And men who will control them. Passivity is the central female characteristic. It's nature's law. The Typist sits poised to type, but he does not, until Ad turns and glares at him. Adolf pulls a chair over to Goering, climbs on top of it bends down to place Goering's hat on his head.
0) 410) dialog: Disciplined spontaneity. We elevated passion above reason. IN THE CELL Adolf picks up pieces of broken mirror from a on the table, lays them out in a mosaic pattern on a flat
0) 411) dialog: We rescued the German people from their drab, predictable lives. We gave them a sense of heroic belonging. A vision of victorious triumph over evil. SOUNDS FROM THE CELL SCREEN: Barking dogs. Whistles blowi People running, shouting. The Typist types.
0) 412) dialog: A man will do anything so long as you take him step by step. Break a shop window. Then rough up a labor leader. Turn a neighborhood into a ghetto. Shoot a man. Eliminate a race. The camera MOVES to an angle that puts Adolf's face in th distorted reflection off the fragmented mosaic.
0) 413) dialog: If you asked a civilized people to do this last step first, it would be impossible.... On the paper being typed onto. Adolf's hand reaches in, g it.
0) 414) dialog: Give me that. (he yanks it from the typewriter, wads it up) Let's start over. CLOSE ON THE WOOD STOVE: He tosses it in. CLOSE: The WHITE NURSE'S FINGERS push the plunger of a sy whose needle is inserted into his arm... The drug enters blood. ON THE CELL SCREEN: Images of idyllic "Volk". The light, tone is reset. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 415) dialog: Only as each order was followed with absolute fidelity did I recognize the ADOLF (cont'd) possibilities. My mind leapt ahead to the most extreme, fantastic scenarios. But my advice is to go slow. Each desire fulfilled must be followed by a somewhat larger request, a slightly greater brutality. Let the momentum build. Men comply. ON THE CELL SCREEN: The images take on a metallic texture
0) 416) dialog: To my astonishment, I could experience the sensation of absolute power. The whole system functioned to obey my commands. Each member of the armed forces swore unconditional obedience to me. The nation celebrated my birthday. Every German schoolboy pledged: "I swear to devote all my energies, all my strength, to the savior of our country, Adolf Hitler. I am willing and ready to give up my life for him, so help me God. One Volk, one Reich, one Fuhrer." Dry, Adolf stops, drinks water, looks off. When he exits we see the Typist, sitting dutifully erect, typing.
0) 417) dialog: A mere flicker of my imagination could be transformed into a giant deed. Sketch a museum, it is built. Envision new living space, a country is invaded. When a hatred matures, this group or that group... is eliminated. For others, it becomes... (mockingly) "...My job is. I will complete this on time. I will perform with excellence. I am in charge of this. My aim in life is..." (returning to normal voice) ...no matter how harsh, extreme or murderous, the resulting reality. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 CELL SCREEN: The images are oddly fragmented. ADOLF stands near the projector. It's beam glances off th of mirror fragments, then ricochets wildly toward the scr
0) 418) dialog: One can write new commandments. Thou shalt kill.
0) 421) dialog: Hold still. We PULL BACK and see that the Eva-inspired statue is only background detail in a larger painting, whose subject is A self-portrait. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 ADOLF fights to ignore the unintelligible whispering. He busies himself painting, he turns back to Eva. AGAIN, THE IMAGE FLASHES: The Swarthy Man's face descendi through space, his eyes focused downward. IN THE CELL: Losing control, infuriated, Adolf approaches blocking her torchlight, then whirls and KICKS the torch. AND EMBERS scatter across the frame.
0) 424) dialog: There is no essence beneath appearance. Only a series of appearances, each arising out of the one before and giving birth to the next. Only a series of appearances, each arising out of the one before and giving birth to the next.
0) 426) dialog: The horrors of World War I... The turmoil of the postwar years... By the nineteen thirties, Germany was an abused child. From her wounds grew National Socialism. The great healer... The great healer. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 SOUNDS: Speeches, crowds, radio addresses.
0) 427) dialog: I was thinking back... We hear the Typist typing.
0) 428) dialog: I remember the first time I spoke publicly. It was in 1920... Or was it 1919? Adolf stops, frowns, then goes back to work on the photos
0) 429) dialog: For the army, after the first world war. A crowd of veterans. Disheartened, broken men who had spent four agonizing years in the trenches, only to return unappreciated.... Civilians could never know. We get to photo of Hitler on a hill with an old soldier b him. Then to another of him watching a parade in Munich, old men next to him.
0) 430) dialog: (low, to the typist) They were moved by my words, my fervor. I could speak. I remember one young man in a wheel chair, who had lost his legs... There was an ecstasy in his face. DISSOLVE through more of the early photos of the Nazi mov Among them are some with Hitler standing with hands folde crotch.
0) 431) dialog: I knew joy. I had the power to heal the sick. ON ADOLF: He LAUNCHES into an angry, passionate speech, a screen. In giant contrast to his private self.
0) 432) dialog: With will of steel, the purified Volk, united as one, will repel all its enemies for the sake of peace! So god demands! The Typist does not type the speech. Without transition, resumes dictating to the Typist, who again types. ADOLF (off screen) THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Dreams for the dispirited, an outlet for the angry. A page of the photo album, which has become even larger, photo of a Speer massive building. When the page turns, t building comes crashing onto our view. He
0) 433) dialog: As with Wagner's music, the people could lose themselves in the totality of my voice.
0) 435) dialog: You're wrong. All people have god within them. Fortunately, most people don't recognize this. continues, examines a series of photographs of himself in various speaking poses, taken by Hoffmann in a studio, wi black back-drop. Wwe He In He It hear less and less of the Typist typing. gets to a photo of himself at an awkward moment. another photo, wearing a hat, he looks like an old man. tries to peel one apart from the others, struggles with i rips. He CURSES. Stands up suddenly. His head and limbs J and SPASM. His body is unnaturally rigid. He in takes a breath, resumes dictating. When he paces, he cros front of an enormous image of himself on the cell screen.
0) 436) dialog: Through the magic of my oratory and the clarity of my ideas, I could turn my daydreams into history, my private fantasies into public policy. If my will was strong, I could perform world historic deeds.
0) 438) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Do you follow? He waits for an answer. But there is none.
0) 439) dialog: Answer me. His will cannot force an answer. The CAMERA FLOATS up and from him, drifts along the wall to reveal HUMAN BONES imb the wall, just visible. FADE TO BLACK.
0) 441) dialog: We were each islands of strength and will, surrounded by great mutton-herds of sheep- like followers... We knew that liberty, equality and democracy are the grandest nonsense, that war is the most simple affirmation of life. (beat) But I do not admire him! He squints into the darkness. HIS POV: We make out vague that seem almost like they're made by human shapes.
0) 442) dialog: Envy? Stalin? Ha! A footnote! A footnote if he's fortunate! I stole his place in history. Adolf steps into the projection beam, his shadow small in relation to the overblown image of Stalin. He begins to w forward, his shadow growing over Stalin's face as he walk THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 We HEAR the Typist hit his carriage return, typing.
0) 443) dialog: Stalin killed millions of his own people, but he killed without grace. He ruled by fear. I ruled by passion and ecstasy. Stalin had no sense of form. The projector beam shuts off; the cell-screen goes dark. The room also goes dark. SOUNDS FROM ACTION IN THE DARK: The projector grinds. Ado BASHES into something, apparently hurting himself. Lashes Breaks something. Frustrated, he rants and raves. ADOLF (in darkness) Yes, he got people's attention -- but with force and random brutality. A barbarian of genius. So what? He offered nothing to hypnotize and transform his people. Where are the unifying themes? What is the drama in slaughtering well-to-do farmers? CLICK. A lamp CLICKS on, illuminating: ADOLF'S FACE - CLO
0) 444) dialog: Stalin misunderstood the principles of opera.
0) 448) dialog: According to the eternal laws of nature, the soil belongs to those who conquer it. We must purge our people of their softness and sentimental philistinism. The light through the opening diminishes almost undetecta the end of this monologue. ADOLF (cont'd) On this point I am icily cold: All life is paid for in blood. I crush the skulls of my enemies. I made the death winds blow. He pulls the flag up over his head, making it into a hood The beam of light becomes narrower, dimmer. We dissolve i next scene so that it seems to come through the eye of:
0) 450) dialog: Ah, my Dwarf among giants. He turns back to the children, four in all, ages 5-8.
0) 451) dialog: Run along my golden Nordic nuggets. They scamper away. Adolf's mood drops visibly as the upli presence of children dissipates. Goebbels stares at Adolf like he's mad. ADOLF (shrugs) When your personal and political mythology is threatened, you take steps to affirm it. CAMERA DRIFTS to a chair that has "bars" in its back. We look through the chair's back at Adolf. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 In the background on the cell screen are propaganda poste postcards. Adolf moves to the wood stove. There's a file box there. He casually begins to remove papers and photographs one a from the files and feed them into the wood stove.
0) 452) dialog: "The Prophet," "The Fighter," "The Last Hope of the Masses," "The Shining Symbol of the German Will to Freedom..."
0) 454) dialog: My God, Joseph, it became a terrible burden. Goebbels appeals to Adolf's ego with great skill. But Adolf continues burning the items from the file box.
0) 456) dialog: I was a victim of Nazi propaganda. The invincible Fuhrer... Goebbels keeps beating the flattery drum.
0) 458) dialog: It warped my judgement.
0) 460) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 ...Perhaps. Goebbels kneels down near him, begins sorting the papers photos that were about to be burnt, to preserve them.
0) 462) dialog: (finally falling for it) The imbecile will not understand that appearance versus reality is the central question of all art. It will not be a unique study. It will be cliched, mundane, commonplace. (thinks a beat) The idiot.
0) 464) dialog: There's my thousand-year Reich. Goebbels sees that he has Adolf going. Goebbels is sortin of photos and notes. Making stacks for the PhD's.
0) 466) dialog: Hitler, Salvation and Human Evolution.
0) 468) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 And artists too. Careers devoured, trying to bridge the distance... striving for comprehension.... Hitler likes this. Then smiles sadly to underplay it.
0) 469) dialog: We gave them all much to brood over, didn't we, Goebbels? He doesn't sound all that confident. The MUSIC is discord Adolf's panic builds anew.
0) 471) dialog: Blood and race...the only true source of artistic inspiration.
0) 472) dialog: 
0) 473) dialog: Art is a sacred mission that requires the artist to be a fanatic. ON THE X-RAY The candle behind it has been replaced by th intense fire of the incinerator. ON ADOLF The X-ray stencils the light from the fire into shapes on his face.
0) 474) dialog: All unrest is creative. DISSOLVE TO: (inserted stock footage) A German Bomber fli Berlin, dropping thousands of swastikas, which flutter do the cities below. SOUNDS: Repeated whistles of bombs dropping, overlapped, "landing" or exploding.
0) 483) dialog: Thus life is eternally reborn from life. We PULL BACK slightly to reveal Adolf in profile, close i foreground, lying on his back. His face is a "horizon" ag the cell screen images. The CELL SCREEN images progress to strobing, dream-like f of the riots of 1919. Then to Hitler speaking at a rally twenties.
0) 484) dialog: Stop typing.... THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 In a different era, the parts of me that were compassionate and sensitive might have developed. But in my era, there were forces and attractions that led me to become the founder and perfect leader of a new religion.
0) 486) dialog: (V.0.- internal) I shall attain immortality even if the whole German nation is obliterated in the process.
0) 487) text: She pulls up the plunger. It sucks up blood from Adolf's ANGLE ON: ADOLF, in a suit, talking loud. He's annoyed at to explain something for the fiftieth time. In the backgr the cell screen, huge, is Hitler giving a speech, step pr from his early days.
0) 488) dialog: World War One was lost because Germany was stabbed in the back. The worst crime in history was to surrender while Germany's armies were still fighting on French soil. Our factories were producing at record rates. We were a strong nation. TYPIST (skeptical) Was that one of the colossal tales we told the masses? The Americans had entered the war. Hadn't our armies begun to collapse? ADOLF (outraged) We had the will to fight on. We could have won... Thus the need to cleanse our nation. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 The Jews, Gypsies, the retarded. Germany must be pure.
0) 491) dialog: The German officer corps turned out to be a pack of mutineers and cowards.
0) 494) dialog: TROOP STRENGTH...!!!!? I don't give a DAMN about TROOP STRENGTH!!! You are a general in the army of the Third Reich. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 A German officer! An instrument of conquest! Invincible! If you even mention retreat, you're a coward... a traitor! A JEW!
0) 495) text: from high over Adolf's shoulder. The cell is empty. There one on the receiving end of his furious diatribe.
0) 496) dialog: Retreat is not acceptable! Losses can never be too high! Only success guarantees vitality! I am a man who knows only one thing: CLOSE ON HITLER: Adolf's face goes extremely red.
0) 497) dialog: 
0) 504) dialog: Never again will there be the stigma of cross-fertilization. The mix of good blood with bad. Never again! NEVER AGAIN! His last line is thunderous.
0) 505) dialog: Adolf is in deep despair, agony. ON THE CELL SCREEN (seen in fragments only): Dark, obscur of unrecognizable machinery from the 1930's. Adolf is sitting on the step-stool next to the projector, mostly away from the cell screen. We hear APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS. Eva appears on the other s the projector beam, veiled by the brightness projected on dust in the air.
0) 508) dialog: It's... I... Artistic anxiety. We see her back into the darkness. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 514) dialog: Never forget what you're about to hear. Not only was the Third Reich the most filmed event in world history, it was also the most carefully edited. We reveal Adolf. He paces behind them, in their shadows.
0) 515) dialog: This is the magic..... In 1926, when walking up to a podium for a speech, I stumbled. This film footage I personally impounded. ON THE CELL SCREEN: footage of Adolf at his public best.
0) 516) dialog: On unbearably hot days, when I would sweat, the footage would not only be edited out, but physically eradicated. Any error ina speech, any miscue, had to be eliminated. IN THE CELL, Adolf has stopped near the end of a row.
0) 517) dialog: What is preserved on film, remains in men's minds. Flawless speeches. Unflappable will. One hundred thousand cheering citizens. Women in tears. An unassailable Thor, thundering from the tower. This in contrast with the Adolf we're watching, who is "u rumpled, a little bit off... not perfect.
0) 518) dialog: Future fuhrers must understand: no matter how carefully you plan and execute your production, and no matter how good your people are, you cannot control a change in lighting due to unexpected weather conditions, or that a car stalls in a parade, or a background person carelessly stares into the camera. You can never get it exactly right. He lowers his voice, whispers to the closest boy. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 519) dialog: But with editing.... The Black magic... I have edited the imagination of people not yet born. The original footage, the original reality, the truth.... is now lost to them forever.
0) 521) dialog: I never thought of it like that. CUT TO: Autographed 8 1/2 x 11 photos of Hitler are hande first girl in line. We DOLLY along as each girl takes one passes it down. DISSOLVE TO: Four metal eagle/swastika flag-pole tops, pa similarly down the row of boys. We dolly with them as the passed down, keeping them centered in our frame.
0) 524) text: The two men are in a booth that sits in the middle of the They're under a single bluish overhead light: Adolf sits chair, wearing his double-breasted suit. Near him, stands man, wearing the striped uniform of a concentration camp prisoner. Adolf is talking to the man, but we can't hear booth is soundproof. A silhouetted figure steps into the foreground of our fra watching these two men: Adolf. Watching himself with the man. Looking over Adolf's shoulder, we notice more about the t His cheeks are hollow and his wrists and neck are bony. H is short. He is stooped over slightly at the waist. FADE TO BLACK.
0) 526) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 I dealt with pain by causing pain. (0.S., breathless) No, no... Ex that out. Adolf finishes washing, paces. His hand on his temple.
0) 527) dialog: It is a ridiculous notion. (the Typist catches up) That personal pain causes one man to injure another... SOUNDS: The concussive blows we previously associated wit father terror.
0) 529) dialog: To protect Germany. An act of self defense. FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as moves again, dissolve back to positive.
0) 530) dialog: To punish the German nation for undermining my charisma. FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as moves again, dissolve back to positive.
0) 531) dialog: To guarantee my singular place in history. FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as moves again, dissolve back to positive.
0) 532) dialog: To take their breath away... The broad- sweeping historical gesture. FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as moves again, dissolve back to positive.
0) 533) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 As the dream of conquest faded, the SS needed a new mission to sustain vitality. FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as moves again, dissolve back to positive.
0) 534) dialog: To brand the German people with this crime for all time. FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as moves again, dissolve back to positive.
0) 535) dialog: To add my chapter to the history of the chosen people. Their eternity is my eternity. FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as moves again, dissolve back to positive. A voice speaks fr behind the camera - Freud.
0) 537) dialog: My final enigmatic act. My postwar surprise to the world.
0) 544) dialog: Unspeakable desperation... Anxiety. A hungry wolf, out to kill, eat and survive.... That I could sit calmly at a party rally and then get up to speak. This was the true triumph of my will. ADOLF (cont'd) By comparison, the conquest of France was nothing. He turns to the opening.
0) 548) dialog: I wasn't put in a lunatic asylum I created a lunatic asylum.
0) 550) dialog: What desperate void draws me to you... to conquest?
0) 552) dialog: If I had not been ashamed to smile...
0) 557) dialog: But only you, a failed playwright to write it. ADOLF'S POV: The statues and the mannequin have gone dark CELL SCREEN image has fragmented.
0) 561) dialog: (thinking back) ...My mother's long, sustained moans, the shortness of breath, the occasional high, rising voice... What happens to a little boy when he hears such a thing?
0) 563) dialog: I don't know... Six. Or nine... He would never know whether she's experiencing pleasure or pain. (waits for Freud to respond) Well, say something.
0) 565) dialog: Stop. No ethics. Our Christianity is the same as your old Jewish swindle. Germany needs free men who feel and know that Wotan is within them. In their own destiny. In their own blood... ADOLF (cont'd) THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 One is either a German or a Christian. We cannot be both. We will tear out Christianity root and branch. Annihilate it.
0) 567) dialog: (with sudden fury) Bolshevik hogwash. We HEAR the Typist typing his remarks. Freud silently scrutinizes Adolf.
0) 568) dialog: What are you looking at? TICK-TICK-TICK he hears the Typist's fingers. Adolf whirl infuriated that the thoughts are "getting out."
0) 576) dialog: What is bad, we expel from us. What is bad does not belong to us.
0) 580) dialog: Germany is not worthy of me. Let her perish. AN IMAGE FLASHES: The profile of the exotic Man's swarthy looking down, moving through space, very slowly.
0) 582) dialog: After a long moment, he runs his fingers through his hair begins a long soliloquy.
0) 583) dialog: (anguished) Russia... Russia was my abyss. Fingers on keys hurry to record. Adolf rubs his eyes.
0) 584) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 It was the beginning of the end. It was the end. The dark valley of that defeat in 1941 was unbearable. The magnificent peaks... Then to fall so low... like Napoleon. Death in the snow. ADOLF (cont'd) Since 1933, an unbroken chain of political, economic and military conquests... Waves of adulation... I was unstoppable. But then... Russia. (slowly, shaking his head) Invincibility undone! My circle of perfection... crushed under the boots of... Slavs, no less! Stalinites. Untermenschen! The Fuhrer Myth... ...shattered. The typing stops.... Adolf glances over, frowns. He takes a long breath, stands and begins to pace. He mov and out of the light, as if dodging it.
0) 585) dialog: A quarter million of my young soldiers slaughtered in the snow. My most humiliating experience. I was naked before the German people. The world. And then I had to continue with my role; to take the stage again. Only my will allowed me to remain in character. (he pauses) A childhood nightmare returned... (thinking back) Running home naked from school in the snow... Hiding behind bushes -- trying to avoid being seen, to avoid ridicule, exposure. (he wipes perspiration from his lip, lowers his head) I pondered many options. Calling a world conference for peace. I could be the great peacemaker, voluntarily withdrawing to our old borders -- we would keep only Austria. I considered retiring, going back to my painting. I longed to paint, to create, to build.... (continues, thinks back) THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 I should have been an architect. Has a great ruler ever simply disappeared from the public stage, changed his identity? "Let someone else play Hitler," I thought... "Give someone else the role!" ADOLF (cont'd) (gestures wildly, then relaxes) The stain of defeat would not fade. Then it came to me... Slowly at first, like a blossom on a tree in spring. What I could do next... An old image... A primal hatred... crystallized. The answer... By this point, he's away from the cell screen. We don't s behind him. We only HEAR the sounds of train cars on old The WAILING of human beings.
0) 586) dialog: It obsessed me and lifted my spirits. A new plan for these terrible times. It was the one thought, the one idea, that brought me peace enough to sleep. I could systematically and completely destroy all the Jews. If my role as great conqueror had ended, a new part beckoned -- The Great Destroyer. (a silent moment) I would be the architect of the greatest catastrophe of all time... That's how I would be remembered, gain my immortality. (with steely calm) Destroy all Jews. Off screen, we HEAR the typist stop before typing the wor Hitler notices, looks over at him. The typist begins typi again... slowly. CLOSE ON THE PAGE: as he types: "Destroy all Jews." Before he finishes typing: SMASH: a test-tube of blood smashes on the ground. Before it's on the screen very long, we FADE TO BLACK. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 OVER BLACK: Music and sound effects evoking deepest, dark tragedy.
0) 588) dialog: Stripped of grandeur... exposed.... nerve endings.... a tender fetus poked unmercifully by a long sharp, metal rod...
0) 590) dialog: Sometimes it feels as if my body has been partially cut out, never grown.
0) 593) dialog: We were stuck in a mutually reciprocal dream play. Figures twirling with no ground. Images with no object. A mass hallucination.
0) 595) dialog: Only my image... No swastika, no party name, no program. My image stands for discipline, will, resoluteness. For Germany's destiny. What it did not stand for was me. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 597) dialog: That a people would give all power... Turn their lives and wills over to a single man... It's insane.
0) 598) text: A sharp blade cuts through hairs in slow motion, accompan SCRAPING, STRETCHING, RUMBLING. CUT TO: Extremely close on hairs falling on white porcela SLOWED: Adolf slowly rises into frame, revealing his hair lip and mouth. His despair at seeing himself without the mustache is ext feels naked. Part of the mask is gone. He tries a posture of authority, confidence, but it doesn He jerks his arm out in salute, holding it for several mo Then snaps his arm back. Anxious. ADOLF CONTORTS HIS FACE, WATCHES HIMSELF IN THE MIRROR. He speeds through different expressions: Willful. Contemp Curiously piqued. Scorn. Arrogance. Amused. Anger. Jump-c together. Each is convincing. But the hurt expression ret the hair falls down again. He tries anguish, grief. But he can't hold it. He moves his shoulders quickly up and down as one would d sobbing, but it feels extremely forced.
0) 599) dialog: The cruelest man is the one who has experienced the deepest personal suffering. SOUNDS: The concussive BLOWS we've tied to his father ter Again, his face goes blank, emotionless. 136 CLOSE: A ROUND HAND MIRROR. It turns to reveal Adolf in magnified distortion. His features, enlarged out of proportion, ripple and bulg nose is huge, grotesque. His eye looks malignant, ready t THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 In the background, the set moves, as if he's spinning in he examines his face. SOUNDS: Adolf breathing rapidly. WHISPERS from off screen
0) 601) text: With short hairs attached. It's a fake mustache. Theatrical make-up glue is applied. The mustache is press against Adolf's upper lip.
0) 602) dialog: As if the hero had no fears and the villains had no need for affection. PULL BACK QUICKLY to Adolf, in conventional MEDIUM SHOT, reflected in the full-length mirror. He wears the same da he wore at the beginning of the film. His panic begins to subside as he recognizes his old self mirror's reflection. MUSIC: Discordant, tuned to Adolf's inner tension. SOUNDS: The Jailer's baton raking along the wall. Adolf glances slightly sideways, to his right.
0) 604) dialog: My youth was an emptiness, a black mirror laced with panic. ADOLF (cont'd) As Fuhrer, my mirror filled with my image, but the glow was brief. And when the brightness fades at twilight, the brutality has begun. Finally when the beast is spent, the black night returns.
0) 606) dialog: The only remedy is to lash out. Ever so slightly the fog lifts. It doesn't go away, but it is tolerable. FADE TO BLACK. SOUNDS a DEEP RUMBLING, like THUNDER, but vaguely suggest distant battle. 140 ADOLF IN SILHOUETTE AGAINST THE SCREEN... WATCHING... CELL SCREEN: A soldier dead in the snow. An icy wind blow already partially buried in the drifts. The camera MOVES off the man's face to the snow. We slowly DISSOLVE TO: A hollow-eyed, skeletal face, slow starving, near death. His emotionless eyes stare directly at us, but the gaze i distant, almost lifeless. The face fades out. Just snowy white field.
0) 607) text: Move down the Nurse's arm to her hand as she removes a vi blood from the box of test tubes. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 She turns to hand it to Adolf. We see her face and hair. She's not blonde. Her hair is now black. She's the Woman Black. Adolf reacts -- horror. As she hands the vial of blood to Adolf, it slips. WE TRACK IT IN SLOW MOTION (nurse's uniform in B.G.). The vial of blood SHATTERS on the ground.
0) 610) dialog: My god... This is powerful writing. "Like a blossom in spring.".... Add this note. The Typist puts another piece of paper into the typewrite Hitler pauses to compose in his mind.
0) 611) dialog: "The seeds of this obsession were planted long ago and now sprang forth from the black soil of war". Or should I say the black soil of defeat...? TYPIST (cold) Isn't defeat what you mean?
0) 612) dialog: Wait... Something's out of order. Before the defeats... I'm trying to remember... The SS death squads eliminated hundreds of thousands of Jews and communists in the course of the invasion of Russia... Of course that was mostly a military security issue. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 He puts down the prized piece of writing, frantically sea through nearby folders, looking for new facts. He finds a page, clipped to others. He flattens it out, s It's a record, with dates.
0) 613) dialog: So long ago so much has happened... (he searches through papers) I know I declared war on the United States December eleven -- one week after the first defeats in Russia... ADOLF (cont'd) (he stands and paces) I was desperate to transcend the agony... To appear strong. (considers) Maybe I need to say... "Men may see my actions as atrocities of epic proportions. I saw them as a way to relieve tension." Or... "In a mere fortnight, I sealed Germany's military and moral fate."1 Or... (pause) ...let's just leave it the way it is. Still unsettled, pondering the dilemma, Adolf hands back Typist the piece of paper containing the explanation for the Jews. The Typist studies it for several long beats.
0) 615) dialog: (anxious) Why do men act as they do? Adolf ponders this, then reasserts his will.
0) 616) dialog: People act out of fear. Every time... (straightens) Fear and self preservation. The presence on the other side remains silent. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 618) dialog: After 1941, I rarely spoke in public. (looks at more photos) No more adulation... He looks at a few more photos.
0) 619) dialog: I would not waiver... My place in man's memory depended on a consistent presentation... I would be a martyr to my historic destiny.
0) 620) dialog: All that remained was to perform the denouement... SNAP, SNAP, SNAP more photos get sorted. Folders full of writings are grabbed up, sorted through. Adolf pushes his hair back, turns to someone off screen.
0) 621) dialog: Destroy Warsaw. Burn Paris. FADE OUT.
0) 627) dialog: You're an embarrassment. Rips off an epaulette, then another one... medals, his ceremonial sword...
0) 628) dialog: You're a pathetic heap of flesh. And your mismanagement of the Luftwaffe... Eine Affenschande - shameful even for a monkey. Suddenly, Adolf jerks a hand around Goering's head, hooks Goering's mouth with his index finger, yanks him around t him.
0) 629) dialog: (in his ear, menacing) You fat oaf.
0) 631) dialog: I devoured past and future. I devoured.... I fused the symbolic with the real. I exuded spiritual terror. ON THE SOUND TRACK: A mad SCREAM, that becomes a SCREECH, distant voice, HOWLING -- The agony of a man and of all m Time is warped into SLOW MOTION.
0) 634) dialog: You, too, Goebbels? A Judas. A Jew. ADOLF steps into the light. Goebbels turns cautiously to
0) 638) dialog: 
0) 640) dialog: Come here, Freud. Look at my new Jerusalem. The new Germany. CUT TO: the thick, angular architecture of the city, endi the giant tower. Freud takes all this in, nodding. Adolf this.
0) 645) text: as is sucks up a milky drug with spots in it A distant WOMAN'S SCREAM. Not pain, but existential angst SOUNDS: loud battle, explosions, machine gun fire, men ye screaming. The blonde transvestite. Glorious Germany in ruins. March soldiers superimposed over symmetrical grave yards. The concentration camp prisoner who Adolf spoke to in the boo the cell. A vial of Adolf's blood smashing. A vestige of is peeled off, revealing only another mask. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 Grotesque paintings by the surrealist, Otto Dix. Adolf's mother. Swastikas. Contorted dead, frozen soldier Adolf's body with no head, only a backbone sticking up wh neck used to be. Glass breaking. Germania burning. Images freakish Nazis appear, looking inbred, deformed. Images we've seen earlier on the screen, flipped, off cen Hitler's image saluting, and then sliding off the cell sc Costumes and props of Nazi era. Out-take photos, like the Adolf in process of sitting down. The syringe plunger is pressed in. Pressed in again. Agai
0) 646) text: holding the handle of Thor's Hammer. After a beat, he rel it. The handle drifts away from the hand, to the right of then off frame. Adolf picks up a piece of mirror. Sees his reflection on An awkward composition. A tired, anguished face. There is stubble on his chin, his hair is out of place. His unifor unbuttoned. At the edge of our frame, a slice of Adolf's profile appe just more than a bare outline, Adolf looking at himself i glass. (lighting on the background barely fades up) Adolf gazes into the glass, then turns away. He sees Freu sitting in the room just as before, not "shattered." ON ADOLF: He reacts.... stunned. DISTORTED GRINDING metal fills the sound track.
0) 647) dialog: 
0) 648) dialog: I am.... I can't find... (suddenly shouts out) I am Hitler! Sieg Heil! IN THE BACKGROUND ON CELL SCREEN: Fragmented images. Panic. Camera follows, HAND HELD. Adolf blurts out partia sentences, broken streams of consciousness. (Most is "int monologue", i.e., we only occasionally see his lips move speaks.) THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 He grabs for loose files, flips urgently through them, th the papers. The Typist just stares blankly back.
0) 649) dialog: Power... Infinite. If I could just... Discipline! Iam... A. Hitler... Thousand year... THOUSAND... ! Reich! Destroyer! Masculine... The Immortal...! He stops, stares at his reflection in the cell's mirror. Twice he jerks his head, as if to orient himself.
0) 650) dialog: But I... This can't.... He weakens. The panic subsides. He waits for a clear thou before speaking again. Tiny shock waves pulse through his He gains control over syntax, but his voice fluctuates fr and droning to percussive outbursts.
0) 651) dialog: Every.... Every.. person.... Every nation must be as granite in this terrible world... A man needs strength in the face of danger; women need protection. ADOLF (cont'd) A man builds himself from nothing. All life is paid for with blood. Boldness has genius. Boldness has genius. I must be a harsh master. He ends up near the opening in the wall, his back to it. He leans over, puts his hands on his knees and pants for a sprinter runner who can't catch his breath. After several long moments:
0) 652) dialog: When you... When you say people act from either love or hate... what does... People want immorality... Immortality. I... I don't understand... The camera PANS over to the opening in the wall. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 No response. It pans back to Adolf. He begins to lose con again.
0) 653) dialog: I created myself...! A violent spasm shoots through his body, his muscles clen his nerves misfire. His limbs contort, as if in seizure. tries to speak... nothing comes out... He opens his mouth SCREAMS. We see the scream in his reddening face, only we hear the sound. Then, gasping...
0) 654) dialog: Iam.... I created my...! greatest self! Iam... A. Hitler... Thousand year... THOUSAND... ! Reich! Destroyer! Power... Infinitely infinite. Beyond the infinite. Adolf waves his hand with contempt, walks away.
0) 655) dialog: (under his breath) Ridiculous. Lies! He stop, turns back, then walks away again. He exhausts himself... Gathers his breath again, and calls out, weakl
0) 656) dialog: Eva. Adolf tightens grotesquely, like a warped human spring. Then his limbs snap out, uncoiling violently. CUT TO: A membrane... Adolf tears through it towards us..
0) 657) dialog: (shouts)
0) 669) dialog: What does the future bring? IN A CORNER OF THE CELL: A puddle of red liquid grows ste now. The outer pressure is great. Human bones become visible in the wall as mortar falls aw ON THE CELL SCREEN: Other images that show the suffering German people. Not just soldiers: Generals. Civilian men, work, homeless. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199
0) 670) dialog: No one questioned me. Further and further down the path... No one said stop... The whole apparatus said yes, go on. Women in rags. Orphaned children. Slowed down, step-print almost "still". Others are stills. ON THE SCREEN: Children with their hands up being held by machine-gun toting soldier; women crying.
0) 671) dialog: Repeating cycles of affirmation. Echo. Echo. It was all so abstract. Living space, the racial theories. Aesthetics. At a parade, a small girl cries, Adolf pats her cheek.
0) 672) dialog: I never touched the suffering. I kept it so distant... The footage slows almost to a freeze. EXTREME CLOSE on Adolf's face. He turns to look almost di at us, so that one bloodshot eye fills the middle of the
0) 673) text: DISSOLVE TO: Another angle of Adolf, looking up a bit, fa the eye of the outgoing shot dissolving such that it's ov forehead, and a little bit bigger than the eyes in the in shot. ("third eye of expanded perception") Red-liquid seepage at the corners of the cell turn to ste drips, then to red rivulets. Red liquid runs down the bio textured walls. Cracks appear in the ceiling... Plaster crumbles from the ceiling and upper walls. DISTANT SCREAMS. Adolf looks up. ON THE SCREEN: Images of death. Dead soldiers in the snow dead men lying on a sidewalk in a ghetto. Men with a wood pick them up, join other carts of dead people. Soldiers open fire on helpless civilians holding shovels, fall into graves they've dug themselves. Women drag thin dead bodies through ash, dump them on pil other dead. Bulldozers push naked dead bodies into pits. ON ADOLF: He sees. Maybe for the first time, he sees. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 He moves closer and closer. Until, as we look at him from behind, he is surrounded by We push past him to the screen. The images slow down; so are even more unavoidable. SLOW DISSOLVE: Adolf's face (during the long dissolve, hi is superimposed over the images of death). He backs towards the wall, his hands out to keep himself falling against it. When he's pressed against the stone, where else to go, he's forced again to face the screen. We see his hands grope the wall behind him, as if unconsc looking for a way to climb up it. We notice shapes in the bones, perhaps the eye-sockets of a skull, barely protrud the "stone" of the wall (like dinosaur bones in an archae dig.) Finally, Adolf glances at the place where his hand seeks sees that it's a skull. He's surrounded by bones. His han covered in blood. Adolf's eyes expand, almost beyond normal size (exaggerat optically), as they absorb the horror. He opens his mouth unnaturally wide (exaggerated optically) to scream. We FREEZE his face, mid-scream, just as the scream begins sound track FADE TO BLACK. Another SCREAM, and then another, and then another, each overlapping the previous, each louder and more horrific, animalistic than the last. As if he will scream forever. AS THE SCREAMS ECHO...
0) 680) text: The cell, totally empty except for Adolf. We see that the cell, dry now, is completely empty. Barre Washed clean of every last scrap of Adolf's trappings and "history." The screen in the background is pitch black, a rectangle against a slightly lighter wall. Emptiness. The walls appear to be made of cloth, with the texture an of the earlier rigid walls painted on them. Torn and gapi places, they billow in a mysterious breeze. THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 The light is flat... stark... dim. No drama or dynamism t whatsoever.
0) 681) dialog: There's a long, pause. The sense of a presence on the oth of the wall, through the opening, is slightly greater (st light and music motif). We hear Adolf's voice, but his li not move.
0) 682) dialog: All this madness... The destruction... The human suffering... He can barely speak. Chilled, he shivers.
0) 683) dialog: I too was trapped in the whirlwind we created... An empty mirror filled with hate. Adolf turns, looks up toward the opening in the wall, whe light emanates. The light is whiter, more intense.
0) 684) dialog: I expected God to reach down (gestures) and stop me... But he never did... We dissolve to the opening in the wall. We dissolve back to Adolf. He listens for an answer, make move. We dissolve back to the opening in the wall: silence.
0) 685) dialog: Please....please say something... Please help me. Only more silence.
0) 688) dialog: Rays of light knife between his arms and legs as he moves outlining him, blasting outwards like laser beams.
0) 689) dialog: is almost totally white. The tempo of flashing light on h at its slowest. The CHATTER of the machine is a high-pitc POUNDING... 164 THERE IS A SUDDEN FLASH OF BRILLIANT WHITE. The explosion of light and sound is followed by fuzzy sme shadow and light.
0) 690) dialog: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 199 He continues on, directly towards a strange mechanism at of a dark tunnel. Projected onto him: vibrating, out-of-f smears of shadow and light.
0) 691) text: Beyond him, we see for the first time: The film gate. A large frame, about six feet high by ten feet wide. Behind it is bright light, filtered now by the colors and patterns streaking through the "gate." Above the gate is of the next "frame". Below, half of the last. The shadowy, nondescript machinery makes LOUD, DISTORTED as dreamlike as the images. Adolf approaches in SLOW MOTION. (When he blinks or moves surreal, haunting).