0) 0) text: We’re taken back to... SUPER: 1969. Five Years Earlier The height of innocence and bubblegum pop. It’s ladies ni at a popular college bar. Two frothy beers plunk down on table crowded with empties, where LIZ commiserates with h best friend JOANNA.
0) 2) dialog: The best way to get over someone is to get under someone.
0) 4) dialog: Tonight you’re not a single mom, you're single. You’re not a secretary, you have a secretary. And how can you be invisible if that guy’s been staring at you all night? Liz glances across the way at someone who causes her to momentarily lose herself. We don’t see him yet -- we stay her. Because she just fell in love.
0) 7) dialog: I think he’s coming over.
0) 15) text: So what do you do? Work? School? Race car driver? Liz glances at Joanna in the background. Tries out her li
39) 0) text: Joanna watches Liz pour a double vodka. They keep their voices down because Molly’s sleeping.
39) 1) dialog: (re: vodka) Bad day?
39) 3) dialog: Colorado? Liz takes a big gulp.
39) 4) dialog: It’s about a missing girl, isn’t it?
39) 6) dialog: The news said Seattle PD’s looking at him in connection to those two girls who disappeared from Lake Sam that one summer. Remember that sketch in the paper that looked like him?
39) 8) dialog: They're saying he’s on a suspect list.
39) 12) dialog: How do you even know that? And why is he in jail? And how did his name get on that list in the first place?
67) 2) dialog: Turn on the TV.
78) 6) dialog: Liz, this is crazy. He’ll never come here. The cops are probably on a round-the-clock stakeout.
78) 8) dialog: What are you going to do? Run away? Live on the lam? He’s a fugitive.
78) 10) dialog: You just had one. Liz starts for the liquor cabinet. Joanna blocks her.
78) 12) dialog: Since your little girl started asking why her mommy’s so sad. (MORE )
78) 14) dialog: And it’s more than once in a while so don’t try to soft pedal it and make me out to be the grinch. Everyday’s the same, Liz. You read letters from Ted, you drink, and you cry.
78) 16) dialog: You’re a great mother. You’re also in denial. What is it about this guy?
78) 18) dialog: He’s been convicted of abduction in Utah, accused of murder in Colorado -- the first time may have been bad luck, but you can’t tell me the second wasn’t a little suspicious. What if there’s a third?
78) 20) dialog: You better hope not, because that would be pretty damn convincing. Liz glares at Joanna, a voice of reason Liz isn’t ready t accept yet. Liz goes around Joanna, pours herself a drink
78) 21) dialog: (beat) You know this didn’t start with a stop sign.