43) 0) text: The gallery has more people than the Utah trial, includin local reporters and photographers. Ted sits with his new public defender, the young JIM DUMA whose youth and inexperience will make John O’Connell see like a Jedi Master in comparison. (NOTE: Any time Ted is in court he will be in civilian clothes since he is not convicted of anything. He’s got a awesome sweater/turtleneck/bow tie collection. ] District attorney FRANK TUCKER stands before JUDGE LOHR. 53 54 41.
51) 1) dialog: Ted, you’re a law student standing trial for murder, convicted of an attempted kidnap, yet you adamantly maintain your innocence. You've been in Colorado two months. Does it make you angry?
52) 2) dialog: But you are not guilty? INTERCUT: Ted jumps off the top bunk in his cell.
52) 5) dialog: And the allegations?
52) 7) dialog: And the rumors and innuendo...
52) 9) dialog: You have yet to stand trial and the death penalty is already being discussed.
53) 1) dialog: You don’t lie awake at night thinking about it?
53) 3) dialog: Do you think about getting out?
85) 1) dialog: The killer struck first at the Chi Omega sorority house.
86) 1) dialog: He clubbed and then strangled to death twenty year old Lisa Levy and twenty one year old Margaret Bowman.
86) 4) dialog: At least one of them was raped.
98) 0) text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of a MEDIA CIRCUS: News vans from every network, throngs of reporters, live feeds, etc. Cordoned to either side are TED PROTESTORS who want him to fry, an TED SUPPORTERS who are mostly young women. SUPER: Miami, FL. It’s the Super Bowl of court cases. VARIOUS SHOTS of key players as they enter the courthouse alongside the public: Larry Simpson, Ted’s legal team (Ed Lynn, Peggy, Dan), Detectives Patchen, Chapman, and Bodif Sheriff Katsaris, etc...
119) 0) text: Ted waits with reporters. Carole Ann by his side. Contrasted against Liz and Jerry, Ted and Carole Ann's relationship feels hollow, an artifice.
119) 1) dialog: Is it just being in the wrong place at the wrong time, Ted?