0) 9) dialog: It’s my last dime so we better make it a good one. In the background, Joanna checks out his ass. Gives Liz emphatic approval. Liz can’t find her voice.
0) 10) dialog: I haven’t seen you here before.
0) 12) dialog: Explains the new car smell.
0) 14) dialog: That’s in Wyoming, right? Liz hides a smile. They flip through the selection cards.
0) 17) dialog: I’m a lawyer. Ever hear of voir dire?
0) 19) dialog: Is it that obvious?
0) 21) dialog: Given it’s taken you this long to leave your seat, I’d say you’re probably ready to move. Since you needed four beers to get there, I suspect you’re usually too shy to dance. But you left it up to me, so you're willing to take a risk. And seeing as you spent the entire night crying to your girlfriend instead of noticing me noticing you, I’m guessing probably not a love song. Unless you’re feeling hopeful? This guy’s good.
0) 23) dialog: Like we could both use some company. The opening pep of “Build Me Up Buttercup” by the Founda rile up the place. Liz wilts in shyness. Ted pulls her toward the dance floor.
0) 24) dialog: What’s the matter? They don’t have dancing in Utah? What do they call folks from Utah anyway? Utonians? Utahites? Utahcrats? Liz considers him. His eyes. His ease. His ear-to-ear gri that’s as goofy as it is charming. There’s something abou him that’s magnetic. Liz downs the rest of her beer.
0) 27) dialog: What do you say we get outta here?
0) 29) dialog: But you already feel like you've known me all your life.
0) 31) dialog: Because I feel the same. The electricity is undeniable. Each sizzling with desire, leans in to kiss her...
1) 1) dialog: I’m applying to law school after I graduate -- if I ever finish my Chinese Studies major, that is.
1) 3) dialog: Wo zai sho-hua.
1) 5) dialog: (John Wayne impression) Now, listen here, pilgrim. A cowboy never lets a lassie drive drunk. Life is hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid, and gettin’ behind that wheel is ri-god- damn-diculous. So hand ‘em here, or I’m gonna hafta frisk ya’. She teasingly hides her keys behind her back so he has to his arms around her to get them.
2) 0) text: Ted’s VW BUG pulls over in a nice neighborhood.
2) 2) dialog: I wanna show you something. HOLD ON the IDLING ENGINE of Ted’s Bug.
2) 4) dialog: Someday, when I’m a big-wig lawyer, I’m going to buy one of these houses.
2) 6) dialog: I can see it already -- warm fires on cold Seattle nights, barbeques in the backyard with friends...
2) 8) dialog: We should get a dog too! A big one that we can take on hikes with us. In fact, I can hear him barking now. Do you hear it? He makes her listen to the peaceful night breeze -- then BARKS really loud in her ear, scaring her half to death. They laugh and cuddle, the stars infinite and bright abov
3) 0) text: They arrive at her front door. Ted waits expectantly but looks hesitant about inviting him in.
3) 1) dialog: Guess I better get going. His disappointment is palpable. Liz is obviously conflict Then the front door OPENS, revealing a HIGH SCHOOL GIRL w her coat and backpack. Liz blushes, embarrassed.
3) 3) text: Ted, this is Rachel. My sitter. (then) I understand if you want to go. Liz braces for rejection like she’s used to it.
3) 4) dialog: Why on earth would I want to do that? Liz sighs with relief. INT. LIZ’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 6 Ted and Liz look in on her BABY, asleep in a crib.
3) 6) dialog: Only if it’s after you. She smiles. They lay down on the bed, fully clothed. She puts her head on his chest and closes her eyes. They fall asleep together. Tender, sweet, and innocent. FADE TO BLACK. INT. LIZ’S BEDROOM - DAY 7 Sunlight floods the room. Liz is sprawled out in bed. As she wakes, the night’s events start to come back to her. looks over at the other side of the bed -- it’s empty. And so is the crib. Liz dashes out in a panic--
4) 0) text: --as Ted turns around with a knife, chopping omelette veggies, cooing at Liz’s baby in a high chair. An idyllic domestic scene with brilliant morning light saturating everything. He flashes that smile again when he notices L
4) 1) dialog: You looked so pretty sleeping, I didn’t want to-- She cuts him off with a kiss. This is what love looks lik
6) 0) text: Ted’s hunched over the wheel, driving the quiet, dark str His hair is longer, shaggier now. In his rearview, he notices another car tailing him, whic can only make as a silhouette behind the headlights. Ted gives it a little gas but the other car keeps pace. Suddenly the high beams flip on. He squints from the reflection in his rearview. Scared now, Ted punches it.
7) 0) text: The Volkswagen Bug accelerates. The pursuing car keeps pa Ted burns through a stop sign. Only then do we realize that the pursuing car is a cop!
8) 0) text: Red and blue lights play over Ted’s face. He curses and steers over.
9) 0) text: Ted cuts the engine and gets out. He strolls to the rear his car as the cop pulls in behind. Ted shrugs, flashes t million dollar smile -- now becoming familiar to us.
9) 3) dialog: I do apologize, Officer, but I couldn’t make your car with the headlights in my eyes and, well, I guess I got spooked.
9) 6) dialog: I caught a late movie at the Redwood but I obviously missed the interstate on my way home. These subdivisions, man...
9) 8) dialog: I live in Salt Lake now. I’ma law student at the University of Utah. Hayward pans his flashlight inside Ted’s car.
9) 9) dialog: (small talk) My girlfriend lives in Seattle. I’m going to propose once I graduate. Right now, I’m just trying to save money for a ring so I'd really appreciate getting off without a ticket, if you can find the heart.
9) 11) dialog: The Towering Inferno. Hayward pans the flashlight back on Ted.
10) 0) text: Ted laughs, shaking his head at the absurdity of events a Hayward removes items from a black canvas duffle bag...
10) 1) dialog: It’s just junk I picked up around the house, I swear. Garbage bags... flashlight... gloves... rope... (NOTE: Additional items need to be shot; see end montage. “POSSESSION OF BURGLARY TOOLS,” reads the arrest report.
11) 0) text: Ted and seven doppelgangers file into a lineup facing the own reflections in a two-way mirror. Ted steps forward, turns profile, swallows hard.
12) 0) text: Ted turns for a mug shot, eyes ringed with shock.
13) 0) text: Ted stands for arraignment, face drained of color.
14) 0) text: Liz types at her desk. A FRAMED PICTURE of her and Ted caught in a moment of uncontrollable laughter beside.
15) 0) text: Ted's lawyer JOHN O'CONNELL enters in his usual cowboy ha and boots. He’s tall, bearded, with overgrown black hair.
15) 1) dialog: John, what the hell is going on?
15) 3) dialog: If I can’t remember where I was on a random night one year ago, it’s because my memory does not improve with time. It’s safe to say what I was not doing, however. I was not having heart surgery, nor was I taking ballet lessons, nor was I in Mexico, nor was I abducting a complete stranger.
15) 5) dialog: I don’t even know this woman! My heart goes out to her because that is a truly awful thing for anyone to have gone through, but she’s obviously mistaking me for someone else. 14.
15) 7) dialog: Why is this happening?
15) 9) dialog: (searching) Yeah, I remember a police sketch of the suspect in the paper -- all my friends teased me about a resemblance. No one was serious, though.
15) 11) dialog: I have a girlfriend, who has a young daughter, both of whom I love dearly. I would never hurt a woman.
15) 13) dialog: My bail’s a hundred grand.
15) 15) dialog: I don’t have fifteen.
16) 0) text: Liz opens the door, revealing Ted holding a newspaper ove his head in the rain. As he takes her face in his hands t kiss her -- she slaps him.
16) 1) dialog: Jesus, Liz! What was that for? Liz shows him the newspaper he was using as an umbrella. He’s mortified by the headline.
17) 0) text: We finally see the newspaper: “Seattle Man Arrested in Ut with TED’'S MUGSHOT. Picking up mid-argument:
17) 1) dialog: You don’t actually believe this garbage, do you? (MORE )
17) 3) dialog: For chrissakes, Liz, I don’t know if I should be offended or rolling on the floor laughing.
17) 5) dialog: That must make it true then. In six years, have I ever laid a hand on you? When we went shopping for ski racks and that lady got her purse snatched, what did I do? What did I do, Liz?!
17) 7) dialog: (re: newspaper) Is that the behavior of a man who does this? Jesus, Liz. You wanna search my bags too? Liz breaks down crying.
17) 8) dialog: (softening) Come here, stupid. Ted pulls her into a hug.
17) 9) dialog: I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to freak out. It’s not exactly something to say over the phone. And, honestly, I was embarrassed. It’s all a big misunderstanding. I know it’s hard being apart, but we only have four semesters standing between us and our place on the Sound with a Mercedes and a dog, just like we always dreamed. The moment's interrupted when Molly charges in, excited t see Ted.
17) 11) dialog: Monkey! I missed you so much! 23 Ted scoops her up, slings her over his shoulder, her up and down.
17) 12) dialog: Sack o’ potatoes! Sack o’ potatoes! Molly laughs hysterically. It’s their game.
17) 13) dialog: (to Molly) I missed you so much, monkey. What do you say we get cheeseburgers and root beer floats tonight, and be big fatsoes?
17) 15) dialog: Yeah, can we, Mommy? Liz considers Ted and Molly. A precious sight.
17) 16) dialog: (reassuring, to Liz) It’s just a big misunderstanding. I’ve got it all under control. Liz finally softens. She believes him.
18) 2) dialog: You can ask me anything you want.
18) 4) dialog: No, monkey. And I hired the best defense attorney in Utah and he says this case has no legs. It’s all going to be thrown out.
18) 6) dialog: My lawyer found out the police showed her my picture beforehand -- twice. So of course I looked familiar to her. But that’s not the worst part. What happened in Utah wasn’t dumb luck, Liz. The police already had my name. Someone gave it to them.
18) 8) dialog: I’m sure I made a few enemies the year I worked the Rockefeller campaign, but that was politics. This is personal. It doesn’t add up, Liz. The traffic stop, sure -- that was wrong place, wrong time -- but the way it escalated? What the hell are “burglary tools” anyways? There was nothing in my car you wouldn't also find in your own house right now. Only reason it was in there was because I was cleaning up before your visit. Now, suddenly I’m on trial, it’s in all the papers, and my name’s been smeared before I even had a chance to clear it. (looks past her) See that car over there? It’s been following me since I got back. (leans in) I_think I’m being set up. A sense of paranoia builds as Liz turns to look... until she’s startled by--
18) 11) dialog: They do?! How did you get so smart, monkey? 24 19.
19) 0) text: A Republican fundraiser. ROSS DAVIS, Chairman of the WA State Republican Party, slings his arm around Ted, boasti to Liz.
19) 2) dialog: I know how you hate these things so I won’t be completely torn up if you want to leave.
19) 4) dialog: Great. Then you won’t mind if I do?
19) 6) dialog: And I’m grateful, but c’mon, I’ve had yawns more exciting than this.
19) 9) dialog: Carole Ann! My goodness. How are you? Have you met my girlfriend Liz? (to Liz) Carole Ann and I worked together at DES in Olympia years ago. (to Carole Ann) How's your son?
19) 12) dialog: (excusing himself) Will you excuse us a second, Carole Ann? Ted walks Liz to the exit.
19) 14) dialog: I just squeezed fifteen grand out of the Republican Party, I’m sure I can hitch a ride. He pretends to bite her nose. Liz smiles. Completely in love. As she exits, Ted sees her off... then Carole Ann moseys over next to him.
19) 16) dialog: She's the best. Liz is my rock.
20) 0) text: Ted enters the law library. All the girls turn their head one by one, watching him pass. One girl watches him from over her NEWSPAPER. Ted sends them all friendly smiles an winks, loving every second.
21) 0) text: Liz brushes her teeth before bed, as her eyes land on TED SUITCASE. She goes to it, thinks for a beat, then looks through clothes, toiletries, check book, etc. Nothing out the ordinary. She smells his clothes. Off her ambiguous look...
22) 0) text: Ted browses legal tomes. An ATTRACTIVE GIRL catches his e through the HORIZONTAL GAP in the bookshelf. They can onl see each other’s EYES. She smiles at him. Ted smiles back. Moments later, she nudges a book from he side, JUTTING OUT the opposing book on Ted’s side. Ted debates, then returns a nudge of his own. They repeat this exchange, a flirtation like PIANO KEYS d the shelf, until they get to the end where there are no m books and they finally see each other’s faces. They’re both startled by a SECURITY GUARD...
23) 0) text: Ted protests as he’s escorted out.
23) 1) dialog: I am an alumnus of this school!
23) 3) dialog: What do they think I’m going to do, knock ‘em over the head and attack ‘em in the bookstacks? The guard shuts the door on Ted. Fuming, Ted spots a SIMI DARK SEDAN across the street. The same one, or different? We can’t tell. He marches up to it. Bangs on the window.
23) 4) dialog: Hey! Who are you? I know you’re following me! The car starts up and drives away.
23) 5) dialog: Who sent you?! As it speeds off into the darkness, Ted fills with anger. Paranoia. Fear. He stands in the quiet night... alone.
24) 1) text: THE SHEETS with a LIGHT ON. She screams! Jumps up! Ted startles out from under the sheets. Flashlight in his hand. Surprised by Liz’s reaction.
24) 3) dialog: Reading. 31 23.
24) 5) dialog: I didn’t want to wake you. They realize the absurdity of the situation and break int laughter. As Liz starts to catch her breath...
24) 6) dialog: I think we should get married. Liz loses her breath completely.
25) 0) text: Two skiers zzzzZZZZOOOOOOMMMM past in a blur. Ted and Liz cut down a daunting double black diamond. Liz pulls ahead Ted crouches lower. Gains ground. Neck and neck, fast approaching the finish... ...Liz wins by a hair! She taunts him in celebration. He tackles her in the snow and kisses her
26) 0) text: Ted and Liz meet O’Connell outside the courtroom on their in. Ted’s clean shaven in a light blue/gray suit, white shirt, and bow tie -- and noticeably tanner.
26) 2) dialog: Liz and I hit the slopes yesterday. We're engaged! Once we win this thing, I might just make you my best man.
26) 6) dialog: It’s a good thing, Liz.
26) 8) dialog: That's why we’re putting it all in the hands of the judge.
26) 10) dialog: (to O’Connell) You're really going to shave for the wedding?
27) 0) text: JUDGE HANSON presides over a high-ceilinged courtroom. No jury in the box. Ted finds Liz in the sparse gallery. Sends her a wink as prosecutor DAVID YOCOM delivers his opening statement.
28) 22) dialog: (smiles) Isn’t that why we’re all here? A few laughs in the courtroom. Not even a grin from Yocom
28) 27) dialog: How about rabbited?
28) 29) dialog: The truth?
28) 31) dialog: (matter-of-factly) I was smoking marijuana. O'Connell nearly leaps out of his chair.
28) 33) dialog: It’s okay, John. (to Yocom) I was smoking grass and had to air out the car. I’m only grateful the officer didn’t notice me flick it out the window or he’d have stuck me with littering too and then I'd really be up a creek. Chuckles in the court. 0O’Connell’s about to faint.
28) 35) dialog: I was embarrassed.
28) 38) dialog: Now, John, let’s just relax here. 29.
28) 40) dialog: I won't sit there like a stuffed shirt while the state distorts all the facts. They’re railroading me!
29) 0) text: Ted and Liz walk up to a dog pound.
29) 2) dialog: If not now, when? Just because we don’t have our house on the Sound, doesn’t mean we can’t look for the dog... Ted opens the door for Liz. 36 37 30.
29) 6) dialog: He’s right. This thing should have been a slam dunk. Why couldn’t I just keep my mouth shut?
29) 8) dialog: No matter what happens, promise you won't leave me, Liz. I don’t know what I'd do without you.
30) 0) text: Warm, intimate tones. Close, intimate SHOTS: A half-empty bottle of tequila. A salt shaker. Chewed up limes. A turntable playing a LOVE SONG. Ted’s pet plant “FERN.” Ted and Liz fool around -- drunk, giggling, undressing ea other in a romantically playful way. As it starts to get heavy -- he GRABS her by the hair. Sh gasps in exhilaration. It’s hot. Two beautiful people in passionate throes. Ted throws her on the bed. His eyes fix in a primal stare Liz stares back in a hot combination of fear and desire.. 38 39 31. As Ted goes in for the kill. INT. TED’S APARTMENT - LATER 38 Ted and Liz catch their breath in twisted sheets, sharing joint, looking like they just got fucked by a tornado.
30) 2) dialog: “Last Night of Freedom” sex? She shoots him a look.
31) 0) text: Restless murmurs die down to eerie silence. Judge Hanson looks out over the courtroom. Ted and Liz make flirty eye from a distance. Last night still on their minds.
31) 5) dialog: Everything's going to be okay, Liz.
31) 7) dialog: Don’t give up on me, Liz. I’m going to fix this. I promise!
32) 0) text: Gates open to a drab, geometric compound coiled in razor wire. 41 INT. PROCESSING - DAY 4l Ted strips for a medical inspection while Jimmy Carter’s victory speech plays on a TV.
33) 0) text: Ted carries prison-issue bedding and amenities and takes the spartan digs as the door locks behind him.
34) 0) text: On the phone, Ted tries to shield the sound of an off-scr fight between inmates.
34) 1) dialog: Let’s just say men convicted of crimes against women have a short shelf life in here. Everyone was lined up to see me when I arrived. They made me walk the gauntlet.
35) 1) dialog: This whole thing is going to be overturned, Liz. (MORE )
35) 3) dialog: We've already filed an appeal. I’ve been working day and night on it. How’s Molly?
35) 6) dialog: (goes with it) Uh, just like the postcards, monkey. What are you doing?
35) 8) dialog: Soon as they print more plane tickets, monkey. They ran outta ink! I sure do miss you. Liz takes the phone back and returns to the hallway.
35) 9) dialog: Jamaica?
35) 11) dialog: Everything's going to be okay, Liz.
35) 13) dialog: I was hoping you’d say that. They each find smiles despite the distance. Their connect remains strong as ever.
36) 0) text: Ted works late into the night annotating reams of legal files. A MAN IN A SUIT approaches. Better dressed than a guard, not as polished as a lawyer.
36) 3) dialog: Indexing seven hundred pages of testimony.
36) 5) dialog: Not when it’s about you.
36) 7) dialog: My lawyer told me not to talk to cops.
36) 9) dialog: No, your five dollar haircut and complete disregard for my time. What’s your game? I’m kind of busy.
36) 11) dialog: The longest yarn ever spun.
36) 13) dialog: Then why does it all unravel if you pull at any one thread? (rattling it off) (MORE )
36) 15) dialog: It was a nonconsensual search, there was nothing in my car you wouldn't also find in your own garage, they showed my picture twice to the accuser before putting me in an unfair lineup next to seven other guys who looked nothing like me, all the evidence is circumstantial, the witness is unreliable, she contradicted herself multiple times, and she’s on record saying she’s only ninety percent certain it was me.
36) 17) dialog: A standard interpretation of “beyond a reasonable doubt” is, “If after a consideration of the evidence, you are ninety-five percent certain that the defendant is guilty, you must acquit, because there is reasonable doubt.” Not even she could have found me guilty!
36) 20) dialog: Mister, I’m a full-time law student. I hardly have time to step off campus.
36) 22) dialog: I should get back to plotting my escape. Fisher stands. Buttons his jacket. 46 36.
36) 24) dialog: Sorry?
36) 27) dialog: I can give you the number of a good barber. (under breath) Asshole. Ted watches him go.
37) 0) text: Liz stares at that framed picture of her and Ted laughing Her work neighbor Jerry discreetly leans over...
38) 0) text: Ted enters in good spirits, all things considered. 47 His chains jangle. His lawyer O’Connell waits, looking seriou
38) 1) dialog: Give me good news, John. Did the appeal go through?
38) 3) dialog: I didn’t.
38) 5) dialog: The guy with the hair?
38) 9) dialog: But I didn’t lie.
38) 11) dialog: I’m an avid skier, John, of course I’ve been to Colorado. Liz and I have been all around Colorado. But I didn’t tell him I have, and I didn’t tell him I haven't. I didn’t tell him anything. He’s putting words in my mouth!
38) 13) dialog: Since when is it a crime to go to Colorado? JOHN O’CONNELL Since detectives in surrounding states started looking for commonalities in their open cases and finding ways to make you fit.
38) 14) dialog: John, you have to stop this. They're railroading me!
38) 17) dialog: How bad is it? 48 49 39.
43) 0) text: The gallery has more people than the Utah trial, includin local reporters and photographers. Ted sits with his new public defender, the young JIM DUMA whose youth and inexperience will make John O’Connell see like a Jedi Master in comparison. (NOTE: Any time Ted is in court he will be in civilian clothes since he is not convicted of anything. He’s got a awesome sweater/turtleneck/bow tie collection. ] District attorney FRANK TUCKER stands before JUDGE LOHR. 53 54 41.
46) 1) dialog: (filtered) Guess where I am.
46) 3) dialog: No, really, guess.
46) 5) dialog: Not even one guess?
47) 0) text: Ted spins around in a swivel chair.
47) 1) dialog: Well if you’re going to be a spoilsport about it... I’m sitting in the law library of the Aspen Courthouse. Can you hear my chains jangling? 43.
47) 3) dialog: That's because I’m not wearing any! WIDEN TO REVEAL -- Ted at a long, lacquered wooden table, with no restraints. Aside from Deputy Westerlund guarding the door, he’s alone.
47) 4) dialog: I convinced the judge to make me co- counsel which means I have all the privileges of a lawyer. They gave me a typewriter, a desk, trips to the library, and uncensored use of the phone. The other prisoners think I’m some big-wig! Ted watches Westerlund step out into the hall for a smoke Westerlund stays nearby, hitting on a YOUNG WOMAN.
47) 7) dialog: I want to tell you about this book. Have you heard of Papillon?
47) 9) dialog: It’s about a guy wrongfully convicted of a terrible crime and sentenced to life--
47) 13) dialog: He obsesses over the day he’ll be free again, spends years hatching escapes, getting caught, punished, beaten, and betrayed, but he never loses hope. That’s my wish for us, Liz -- that we never lose hope.
47) 15) dialog: I’m not going to ruin the ending.
47) 18) dialog: What’s wrong? You seem distant.
47) 20) dialog: Liz, you're scaring me. Are you sure you’re okay?
47) 22) dialog: It’s not a trial, it’s a preliminary hearing to establish cause to go to trial, which won't happen because the evidence is all fabricated and the eyewitness picked out the wrong guy. They’re going to throw this out and send me back to Utah -- which is still under appeal -- where I’1l1 finally show it for what it is -- a witch hunt. Have you bought your plane ticket yet?
47) 24) dialog: You have to come, Liz. Promise you'll come. (beat) Liz? Promise you'll come! Off Liz, staring. On... off.
48) 0) text: Still waiting on her answer, Ted hears her hang up. Or di they get disconnected? Either way, it worries him.
49) 0) text: Ted looks very distracted. First time he looks anything b confident in court.
49) 4) dialog: Death penalty?
49) 6) dialog: Funny, my last lawyer said the same thing. As he’s shackled, a gust of wind BLOWS PAPERS off the tab Ted notices BILLOWING CURTAINS at an OPEN WINDOW in the b
50) 0) text: Ted waits on the phone, listening to it ring and ring and ring, but no one picks up.
51) 0) text: Ted sits on his top bunk, stewing, staring down at the ha floor, a decision taking shape in his mind...
52) 0) text: In an on-camera interview, Ted now has a BEARD and OVERGR HAIR. Despite the turmoil of his personal life, he exudes infectious charisma. Smiling, articulate:
52) 1) dialog: Sure I get angry. I get very, very angry and indignant. 47.
52) 3) dialog: Does that include the time I stole a comic book when I was five years old? INTERCUT: Ted jumps off his bunk again.
52) 4) dialog: (laughs ) I am not guilty of the charges which have been filed against me.
52) 6) dialog: And the allegations. INTERCUT: Ted jumps off his bunk again.
52) 8) dialog: (laughs ) I don’t know all of what you’re speaking about, it’s too broad and I can’t get into it in any detail, but I’m satisfied with my blanket statement that I’m innocent. 64 INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - DAY 64 Liz watches TED’S INTERVIEW with a drink in hand.
52) 10) dialog: I think I stand about as much chance dying in front of a firing squad as you do being killed ina plane flight. Let’s hope you don’t! 65 66 67 68 48.
53) 0) text: Ted watches his own interview as he gets a shave and cut, making him look very different from the interview footage
53) 2) dialog: Not a moment. INT. TED’'S CELL - NIGHT 66 Ted jumps off his bunk again, sticking a hard landing -- steeling his ankles for impact.
53) 6) dialog: (beat) Legally, sure.
54) 0) text: Ted’s now clean shaven, with close-cropped hair, and we g the sense he planned it that way. He’s also oddly bulked heavy layers despite everyone else’s light, summer clothi Just over his shoulder, the CURTAINS of the open window BILLOW in the background. Sweat rolls down his temple. Heat? Or nerves?
54) 7) dialog: I’m going to stay and practice my final remarks if that’s alright. Dumas exits, leaving Ted alone in the courtroom. Ted thro a friendly smile to Westerlund, standing post at the door The curtains billow at the open window in the back. Ted gets up. Wipes sweat from his temple. His heart thump loudly in his chest. He wanders around the room, pretendi to read a file while stretching his legs. Westerlund finds his pack of smokes and steps into the ha for his regularly scheduled smoke. Once Westerlund exits, Ted climbs onto the sill of the op window. Heart beating out of his chest. Random foot traff below. He steps out onto the ledge -- higher than he expected. He steadies himself...
55) 0) text: As a WOMAN waits for her LITTLE DOG to poop on the courth lawn... ...Ted_ jumps out _a second story window, twisting his an upon landing. He gives a smile and a wave to the woman, w watches him briskly limp away.
57) 0) text: Ted sprints down an alleyway.
59) 0) text: Ted dashes across traffic.
61) 0) text: Ted ducks into some foliage. Strips down to blue jean cutoffs and a long-john top. Ties a red bandana around hi head -- completely transforming his appearance.
62) 0) text: The court reconvenes to a heavy din of panic and surprise Dumas looks at Ted’s empty seat: 76 77 78 79 80 51.
63) 0) text: Now looking like a college student, Ted stuffs his excess layers into a pack fashioned out of a turtleneck. Throws over shoulder. Rejoins the sidewalk traffic without a sec glance from anyone -- except those girls who think he’s c Ted gives them a smile, like there’s nothing wrong. As SIRENS erupt in the distance.
65) 0) text: Ted races through the woods -- cops, dogs, and helicopter not far off.
66) 0) text: Ted scampers up a steep grade trail at a relentless pace, making a getaway into... the MOUNTAINS.
69) 0) text: Back in custody in the same courtroom he just fled, ARMED DEPUTY SHERIFFS flank Ted as Lohr arraigns him on new charges. The windows are also now locked and guarded.
69) 2) dialog: (grins) It was just too pretty outside. He gets a chuckle from some in the courtroom. Photographe snap away. He realizes he’s the center of attention now.
71) 0) text: A prison door opens. Ted bounds in, running into Liz’s ar both crying tears of happiness.
71) 2) dialog: It’s a bed and breakfast compared to Utah. The head jailer and his wife live in an apartment attached to the end of the jail. Kinda feels like a vacation if you don’t think about it too much. Ted surprises her with a newspaper-wrapped GIFT.
71) 3) dialog: Merry Christmas.
71) 5) dialog: You brought me the only thing I wanted in the whole world when all I really deserved was a lump of coal. Open it. Liz unwraps newspaper off a well-worn copy of Papillon.
71) 6) dialog: I’ve read it four times. You remember what it’s about, right?
71) 8) dialog: You haven't, have you? A melancholy falls over Liz.
71) 9) dialog: I know it’s hard. It’s hard for me too. It was foolish of me to run, but you weren’t answering my calls and I got scared you were going to leave-- 55. Ted suddenly realizes, Liz came here to break up with him
71) 10) dialog: Oh no. Don’t do this, Liz.
71) 12) dialog: I‘1ll take it all the way to the Supreme Court if I have to. Liz, I’ve got documents that will destroy their case.
71) 14) dialog: That’s a maximum. No one gets the max on a first conviction.
71) 16) dialog: I told you, I’m going to straighten everything out.
71) 18) dialog: Do you not love me anymore?
71) 20) dialog: What if I got out? We could run away together. Canada, maybe. I don't understand, Liz.
71) 22) dialog: Please don’t do this, Liz! 86 87 88 56. Ted looks like he was hit by a truck. Now he’s all alone. He opens the envelope -- inside is a CRAYON DRAWING OF A SHARK.
72) 0) text: Sparse Christmas decorations adorn the office. Liz looks like hell. She stares vacantly at the copy of Papillon. H desk phone is noticeably silent. She removes the picture of her and Ted from the frame and sticks it in the pages of Papillon, literally closing the book on Ted. She puts the book in a drawer and shuts it.
72) 8) dialog: Dear Liz.
73) 0) text: Ted waits on the phone but the other end just keeps ringi He hangs up. Crushed.
73) 1) dialog: There are many things I can live without...
74) 0) text: At his print shop job, Ted slices reams of paper, staring off. Losing hope... as we slowly PUSH IN on the BLADE.
74) 1) dialog: ...but you’re not one of them. INT. TED’S CELL - DAY 92 Ted extracts the blade hidden under his pant leg in his s Considers its sharpness.
74) 2) dialog: I may have lost you, but I’1l never lose hope. Ted climbs onto his bunk and knocks on the metal plate in ceiling. It’s HOLLOW. He grates the paper cutter blade against it. GROOVES appe INT. JUDGE LOHR’S CHAMBERS - DAY 93 Ted and Dumas meet with Judge Lohr privately. Christmas decorations adorn the court.
74) 4) dialog: Your Honor, I have a good feeling about Aspen. I’d prefer to stay right where I am.
76) 0) text: With the SHOWERS on in the background to mask the noise, double-times it with the paper cutter blade, making quick work of a square foot cutaway in the metal ceiling plate. The showers momentarily shut off. Ted stops sawing. Waits They turn back on and he resumes.
77) 0) text: A square foot of metal POPS FREE. TED’S HANDS reach up in a dark, cobwebbed crawl space and feel around. He hoists himself up, squirming through the narrow hole. Down a ways, a SHAFT OF LIGHT spears up from the floor. H crawls toward it, coughing from the dust, trying to keep quiet on the old wooden paneling. The JAILER and his WIFE are having a marital argument bel
78) 0) text: Ted exits in CIVILIAN CLOTHES out of the PRIVATE RESIDENC affixed to the quaint 10-cell “mom and pop” jail. He hurr off into the cold night as his LETTER VO RESUMES...
78) 1) dialog: Hope that we’ll meet again, ina big house, with a brick chimney, a view of the Sound, and a rowdy little doggy eager to lick our faces happy again. INT. TED’S CELL - DAY 98 The next day, the HEAD JAILER delivers lunch to Ted’s cel where he finds an untouched breakfast tray. Sees Ted asle under the covers, but not breathing. The jailer enters... 99 60.
78) 2) dialog: Where we’ll make love like we did back when things were serene and uncomplicated, and life was still a dream waiting to be had. The jailer rips back the covers revealing COILED LEGAL PA and LAW TEXTBOOKS in the shape of a body.
78) 3) dialog: Love, ted.
79) 0) text: Establishing shot of warm, humid, Florida. INT. TED’S ROOM - FLORIDA ROOMING HOUSE - DAY 100 An old LANDLORD shows Ted a shoddily furnished room with paint chipping off the walls. He’s sweating in a rolled u shirt because it’s hot, humid, and sticky here. Ted opens the window, letting in the warm FLORIDA breeze. They shake on a deal to rent. Ted tapes Molly’s dog-eared, well-creased shark drawing t the wall and gets wistful because it’s his only familiari We'll start to notice the song playing over plays a HALF- SLOWER THAN NORMAL. Like the Ramones in the beginning, it a nearly imperceptible warp to an otherwise happy song. Something’s off -- we don’t know it; we feel it.
81) 0) text: Ted drives, singing along to the song he played for Liz o the jukebox that first fateful night for two young lovers He thumps the steering wheel to the beat, as the song end He tunes the radio through various stations playing music news of the time, during which we’ll catch the words “Chi Omega sorority.” Before we get a chance to hear more-- RED AND BLUE LIGHTS play over Ted’s face. 106 63.
81) 1) dialog: No... He clocks his rearview. Hears a siren CHIRP.
81) 2) dialog: No, no, no... Ted cuts a sharp turn -- into a DEAD END. He hits the bre and pounds the steering wheel as the cop boxes him in.
82) 0) text: Ted steps out of the car, feigning innocence like he did the beginning with Hayward in Utah. OFFICER DAVID LEE, young and husky, steps out of his poli cruiser.
82) 1) dialog: My apologies, Officer, I couldn't make your car with the headlights in my eyes and I guess I got spooked. A loaded beat as Ted waits to see if Lee buys it. Doesn’t look like it. Ted tries to RUN. Lee GRABS HIM. Wrestles Ted down. They tussle around like a schoolyard fight. The commotion causes nearby homes to turn on their lights ROBED MAN exits his front door, puzzled by the scuffle.
82) 7) dialog: (beat) I’m in Florida. We STAY ON LIZ, only hearing Ted. He sounds down. Deflate His spirit gone.
82) 8) dialog: I'm in custody. A dagger in Liz's heart.
82) 9) dialog: I made a deal with the police they wouldn’t announce my arrest until I could call you first. They didn’t know who I was. I’ve been playing with them all night. I finally gave them my name for this phone call. A long pause. We hear Ted sniff back tears.
82) 10) dialog: (beat) It’s going to be bad when it breaks, Liz. Real bad. Liz looks at Joanna, who can already tell it’s bad. They both get tears in their eyes. Molly’s luckily too preoccupied to notice. 112 65.
83) 0) text: A TAPE RECORDER rolls. Ted’s with three detectives, PATCH CHAPMAN, and BODIFORD, who look like a tough audience. Te has the wear and tear of his scuffle with Lee on his face
83) 1) dialog: You seriously never heard of me? Don’t you watch the news?
83) 5) dialog: Who wants to hear about my second escape?
84) 0) text: Ted’s slumped in a windowless iron cell with a bed and combination sink-and-toilet, admiring Molly’s well-crease shark drawing, which he’s managed to keep. The light’s poor and the humidity makes him sweat. The CELL DOOR UNLOCKS. A man in an expensive suit and haircut enters, picking lint off his sleeve. SHERIFF KEN KATSARIS -- tall, Greek, and handsome.
84) 1) dialog: Are you my lawyer?
84) 4) dialog: A bit excessive for stealing a car, don’t you think? Katsaris smirks like he knows something Ted doesn’t. He s Molly's shark drawing.
84) 5) dialog: That’s a thresher shark. They have tail as long as their whole-- Katsaris RIPS up the drawing.
84) 7) dialog: (struggling) What are you doing to me? A DENTAL SPECULUM is shoved in Ted’s mouth. His TEETH are photographed with a macro lens. The speculum is RIPPED OU MODELING PASTE farts out of a tube. An IMPRESSION TRAY is shoved in. Ted GAGS under the barbarism... ...as Sheriff Katsaris watches on with a sadistic grin. Welcome to Ted’s new nightmare.
87) 0) text: Ted rides down in baggy green jail coveralls, handcuffs, leg chains, flanked by armed DEPUTIES. He looks scared an alone. And then it gets worse... ...as the door opens to an unexpected flurry of CROWD CHA and CAMERA FLASHES. A media frenzy. In the midst of it all is Sheriff Katsaris in his impecca suit, crisp shirt, and shit-eating smirk, holding an indictment. He’s making a show of it -- he’s the hero and Ted’s the villain. Realizing the ambush, Ted swallows his disdain, puts on h game face, and LIMPS out of the elevator.
88) 0) text: Now “on” for the cameras, Ted jauntily LIMPS up to Katsar Before Katsaris can get a word in, Ted takes control, continually interrupting: 68.
88) 1) dialog: What do we have here, Ken? lLet’s see. Oh, it’s an indictment! Alright, why don’t you read it to me.
88) 3) dialog: You're up for re-election, aren't you?
88) 5) dialog: You told them you were gonna get me. (to the reporters) He said he was gonna get me. (to Katsaris) You got the indictment. That’s all you're gonna get.
88) 7) dialog: I'll plead not guilty right now.
88) 9) dialog: (mockingly) My chance to talk to the press. in front of Katsaris -- wallpaper in comparison -- against the wall, jaw set, eyes burning into the Enjoying this, his theatricality completely eclipses Katsaris who drones on in eye-glazing legalese. Ted yanks
88) 10) dialog: We've displayed the prisoner now. the indictment out of Katsaris’ hands. 69.
88) 11) dialog: I've been kept in isolation, I’ve been kept away from the press, I’ve been buried by you, you’ve been talking -- it’s my turn now.
88) 13) dialog: Sure there won’t. I’m gagged, you're not. The deputies pull Ted back toward the elevator.
88) 14) dialog: I will be heard! Ted holds up the indictment and rips it in half.
89) 0) text: Ted waits on the phone, listening to it ring. It goes unanswered. INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - DAY Liz's phone rings, but she doesn’t answer it.
90) 0) text: Ted hangs up, dejected. Then he gets an idea and dials a different number...
91) 0) text: A large room arranged like a cafeteria with bolted down tables and chairs. Armed guards all around. Ted limps in, in his usual handcuffs and leg chains. He looks around, smiles when he sees... .+.-CAROLE ANN BOONE, the girl from the Republican fundra who would do “anything” for Ted. Still has that same spar in her eye. Ted limps over and gives her a big hug. 70.
91) 2) dialog: I have a problem with my leg -- I run too fast. He shows her a ghastly-looking orthopedic LEG BRACE that rigid from his left foot to thigh, which he’ll wear anyti he’s outside his cell.
91) 3) dialog: I’m glad you came.
91) 6) dialog: It’s all a ploy for the sheriff to score political points in the next election. He’s been chasing his tail for months on this case and suddenly the biggest fish in America swims right into his pond? Who do you think he pins it on? I just autographed my own wanted poster. I’m more popular than Disney World! Carole Ann shakes her head in sympathy, drinking it all u
91) 8) dialog: Someone gave my name to the police years ago in Seattle, one thing led to another, and now I’m in Florida.
91) 10) dialog: I can’t tell if it’s a comedy of errors, or a Kafka novel. 71.
91) 12) dialog: There are worse places to be than Florida, I guess.
91) 14) dialog: Luckily I make friends easily.
91) 16) dialog: (half-joking) You gonna move to Florida, keep me company?
92) 0) text: LIZ breaks a pencil tip. She opens her desk drawer for a sharpener, and freezes when she sees Papillon inside. She lifts the book out. Pages through it. Finds the pictu she stuck inside of her and Ted. Never lose hope.
93) 0) text: Ted’s new PUBLIC DEFENDERS sit on foldout chairs outside Ted’s cell. They look more like first year associates tha criminal attorneys. Lead counsel is the “elder” DAN DOWD (40s).
93) 2) dialog: Is it true they’re putting news cameras in the courtroom?
93) 4) dialog: That's a joke, right?
93) 6) dialog: If you think there’s any chance in hell I’11 plead to these charges, you're out of your fucking mind. The attorneys trade looks.
94) 0) text: Ted and Carole Ann hold hands. They've obviously grown cl quickly.
94) 2) dialog: They’re young, they’re inexperienced, only one has ever done a murder trial, and nothing of this magnitude. How are my own attorneys against me?
94) 4) dialog: What can you do?
94) 8) dialog: That would actually help a lot because I’m under a gag order. You would do that for me?
94) 10) dialog: I would never ask you to do that, Carole Ann.
94) 12) dialog: This trial could get pretty rough. You might hear some pretty ugly things.
94) 14) dialog: Obviously not the truth. She gazes into his eyes like she’s falling in love. If it feels a little weird, it should.
96) 0) text: Ted feeds Carole Ann talking points...
97) 0) text: Carole Ann regurgitates Ted’s words to the press...
97) 3) text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of pretty college girls describing why they're so taken by this charming, accused murder... As national media interest grows... as throngs of reporte and broadcast equipment descend in and around the Miami courthouse in an unprecedented manner...
98) 0) text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of a MEDIA CIRCUS: News vans from every network, throngs of reporters, live feeds, etc. Cordoned to either side are TED PROTESTORS who want him to fry, an TED SUPPORTERS who are mostly young women. SUPER: Miami, FL. It’s the Super Bowl of court cases. VARIOUS SHOTS of key players as they enter the courthouse alongside the public: Larry Simpson, Ted’s legal team (Ed Lynn, Peggy, Dan), Detectives Patchen, Chapman, and Bodif Sheriff Katsaris, etc...
100) 0) text: It’s dead silent in here, where Ted changes out of his pr jumpsuit into a dapper suit and bow tie -- like he’s gett ready for a performance. He makes a phone call.
101) 3) dialog: All the color drains from Ted’s face.
101) 4) dialog: (beat) Who is this?
101) 7) dialog: Will you give her a message for me? Will you tell her... will you tell her I love her? Dead silence. Jerry hangs up the phone.
102) 0) text: Ted carries a beer carton of legal files, leading a procession of jailers toward the courtroom door where the OF THE CROWD becomes audible. Like a boxer before a fight Just before entering, he takes a deep breath. Puts on his game face. A jailer opens the door to...
103) 0) text: .+.a vast, octagonal room paneled with tropical wood, bra rectangles, and suspended light fixtures. If Utah was an empty house, and Colorado was a bigger ballgame, Miami is sold out show. Thirty three JOURNALISTS with press credentials have rese seats. The public fills the hundred-seat gallery. Attractive college girls (the “TED GROUPIES”) have staked the front row. Only the jury box is empty. Ted takes in the enormity. They’re all there for him. He finds Carole Ann in the crowd, who waves and blows a kiss BAILIFF DAVE WATSON, 70s, a white-haired spark plug of a in a crisply starched white shirt and dark pleated trouse bellows over the crowd:
103) 4) dialog: Thank you, Your Honor. I’m disguised as an attorney today. Laughter softens the mood.
105) 4) dialog: (whispers ) Object. He’s lying! Dowd holds up his hand to calm Ted.
105) 14) dialog: Objection! Everyone’s surprised. Two half-asleep jurors perk up. Cowart waits on Ted for grounds.
105) 15) dialog: (beat) Narration on the part of the witness, Your Honor. Ted’s own lawyers crack smug smiles at his adorable attem to play lawyer. Until...
105) 17) dialog: Your Honor, I also move to have the detective’s entire testimony stricken from the record on the basis that the word “surreptitious” should automatically disqualify anything from masquerading as evidence, given it’s synonymous with secret, stealthy, clandestine, sneaky, sly, furtive, concealed, and hidden. No true evidence should, could, or would, ever be described in such terms. To make no mention of the fact that the most important part of his story is conveniently missing. One might even conclude he’s lying.
105) 19) dialog: Not according to the witness.
105) 21) dialog: Me.
105) 23) dialog: And a defense attorney.
105) 27) dialog: One other thing, Your Honor, while I've got your ear--
106) 0) text: On the phone, Ted listens to it ring... INT. LIZ’S HOUSE - NIGHT 137 .»».as Jerry holds Liz as she dozes off to sleep. We’1l notice he has discreetly DISCONNECTED the phone cord.
107) 0) text: Ted hangs up, more than a little on edge. Reveal Carole Ann's there with him, cuddling.
107) 2) dialog: I’m lucky I have things that make happy. That way I never lose hope.
107) 4) dialog: How much money do you have?
108) 0) text: Ted and Carole Ann have sex in a prison bathroom. They bo orgasm together. Need a moment to catch their breath.
108) 2) dialog: (beat) “Last Night of Freedom” sex. He’s thinking about Liz, but Carole Ann thinks it’s all a her.
109) 0) text: Ted stands before Cowart without the jury present.
109) 1) dialog: Your Honor, there is no justification for the treatment I've been receiving. This is a game and I won’t be a party to it. I’m not staying in this kind of Waterloo! There comes a time when I have to say, “Whoa...”
109) 3) dialog: Since I have been in Dade County--
109) 5) dialog: I am strip searched after seeing my attorney--
109) 8) dialog: He deserves it more than you do. Since I have been in Dade County, I did not have any choice in the selection of my attorneys, nor have I been asked at any time my opinion about who should be representing me.
109) 10) dialog: I demand the reins of my own defense!
109) 13) dialog: (angry) | You want a circus? I’11 make a circus. I’11 rain on your parade, Jack! You’ll see a thunderstorm! Court deputies prepare to spring into action. 141 142 84.
109) 15) dialog: Yes, Your Honor.
109) 17) dialog: And all these people won’t pay their money to come see me. The court chuckles. Ted loves the attention. Dowd’s resentment grows. Ted stares straight into the court came lens...
110) 0) text: ...straight into Liz's eyes, as if they’re somehow connec in this moment. Liz finds a tiny grin. It’s tender. ANGLE ON Jerry, watching it all. He doesn’t like that Ted still has a hold on her.
111) 0) text: Ted limps in to see... his mother LOUISE, who tears up at sight of her son shackled.
111) 1) dialog: Mom? Louise goes to hug him. Ted finds Carole Ann and his attorneys off to the side and does the math.
111) 2) dialog: What is this, some kind of ambush?
111) 5) dialog: (re: Dowd) Did he put you up to this?
111) 7) dialog: I’m not pleading! The evidence is all fake!
111) 9) dialog: Mom, I did not do these things. I want people to know that. I want them to know the truth.
112) 0) text: Ted sits among his defense team, bouncing his knee -- loo like he’s about to sell his soul.
112) 2) dialog: Your Honor... 144 86. His mouth runs dry. He takes a sip of water, hand shaking As a decision takes shape...
112) 3) dialog: (machine gun precision) Never have I encountered a man so brazen in coercing his own client into admitting guilt that it makes me wonder if he has the stamina or basic mental acuity to roll up his sleeves and do the hard work. I do not plead, I will not plead, and I demand the resignation of my roundly inept counsel immediately. The courtroom hangs in heavy silence.
112) 5) dialog: The counselor’s first words I can agree to.
112) 8) dialog: I'll consider the motion granted.
113) 0) text: Ted and Carole Ann have sex again, but this time it’s mor utilitarian. Ted climaxes. Carole Ann looks distant, angr and hurt.
113) 1) dialog: Is something wrong?
113) 3) dialog: wah , (Playing dumb )
113) 6) dialog: Carole Ann...
113) 8) dialog: She’s not here. You are. She abandoned me. And to think I almost married her... You're the one I should marry. She looks at him. Not if he’s serious.
113) 9) dialog: I can already see it. Once I get out, we could get a house on the Sound, maybe a Mercedes in the driveway, maybe a dog? I can hear him barking now, can you hear it?
113) 11) dialog: We don’t.
113) 13) dialog: Who says I need his permission?
114) 0) text: DR. RICHARD SOUVIRON, handsome, 50s, in a dapper vest-sui and goatee, directs a pointer over an oversized, double- panel, color blowup of TEETH -- Ted’s teeth. He’s the state’s biggest gun and has a flair for the theatrical.
114) 8) dialog: Dr. Souviron, analyzing bite marks is part art and part science, is it not?
114) 10) dialog: And that really depends upon the experience and education of the examiner?
114) 12) dialog: And your conclusions are really a matter of opinion.
114) 14) dialog: You've got a given set of teeth, or models, and a given area of skin, a thigh or a calf. Is there any way to test whether those teeth will make the same marks over and over?
114) 16) dialog: (feigning disbelief) You said cadavers?
114) 18) dialog: As with any art form, there must be subjective variance.
114) 20) dialog: When you say “the odds,” you’re speaking of some kind of probability? 90.
114) 22) dialog: Is it fair to say that odontology is a relatively new forensic science?
114) 24) dialog: (conceding) No further questions. Ted collapses into his chair.
115) 0) text: Ted’s on the witness stand. His own attorney questions hi
115) 2) dialog: In the middle of March 1978.
115) 4) dialog: I was eating dinner in my cell in the Leon County Jail and I bit down hard and pulled out a white piece of tooth.
115) 7) dialog: I don’t exactly carry them around in my book bag.
115) 10) dialog: Ms. Boone, did you ever visit me in the Garfield County Jail in 1977?
115) 12) dialog: And to the best of your memory, did I have any kind of a chip in my front tooth at that time?
115) 14) dialog: Your Honor, I think you understand what I’m getting at. I’d like to subpoena all newspapers to turn over their negatives of me. If the chip did not occur until March 1978, two months after the Chi Omega crimes, and the state’s odontologists say otherwise, then the state’s odontologists have obviously taken my teeth and twisted them every which way but loose to fit. 92.
115) 16) dialog: (under breath) Lazy prick...
115) 18) dialog: The feeling is mutual, Your Honor.
115) 20) dialog: There is one more matter, Your Honor. Ted and Carole Ann smile at each other.
115) 21) dialog: Will you marry me?
115) 23) dialog: Then I do hereby marry you. The court freezes in surprise.
115) 25) dialog: Your Honor, public declaration, properly phrased, in an open courtroom, in the presence of court officers, constitutes a lawful marriage in the state of Florida. Cowart shrugs at the incredulous Simpson. The newlyweds gleam. Then -- the image CUTS OUT like a TV shutting off. 93.
117) 9) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the prosecution opened this trial by arguing this case is about more than murder. I'd like to close it by making that same argument. There are two ways for the police to investigate a crime. They can go to a crime scene, look for clues, and follow those clues to their logical conclusions. Or, they can begin with a suspect, decide on a suspect, and work to make the evidence fit only that suspect. Two jurors, FLOY and BERNEST, actually drowse in their se
117) 10) dialog: This is about more than murder. This is about truth. You can’t judge a man until you know the whole truth.
118) 0) text: Liz breaks down in Jerry’s arms, collapsing into a rock- bottom mess. Jerry gently rocks her as she cries. We thought we saw love in the beginning with Ted but it w an illusion. THIS is what love looks like. 149 150 151
119) 0) text: Ted waits with reporters. Carole Ann by his side. Contrasted against Liz and Jerry, Ted and Carole Ann's relationship feels hollow, an artifice.
119) 2) dialog: It’s just being me in any place, I guess. One set of circumstances seemed to bootstrap another, and once you get people thinking in that vein, police officers, they want to solve crimes, and sometimes they don’t really think things through. They’re willing to take the convenient alternative. The convenient alternative is me. Bailiff Watson arrives:
119) 4) dialog: Seven hours. Bless their hearts.
122) 0) text: ...CLOSER ON Ted, alone, betraying no emotion.
124) 0) text: Now in the penalty phase of the trial, Ted listens to his mother break down on the witness stand.
126) 0) text: As Ted stands before Judge Cowart.
128) 1) dialog: I’m not asking for mercy. I find it absurd to ask for mercy for something I did not do. I’m not the one responsible for these horrific acts. Although the verdict found in part that those crimes had been committed, it erred in finding who committed them. As a consequence, I cannot accept the sentence, because it is not a sentence of me, it is a sentence of someone else who is not standing here today.
128) 7) dialog: Thank you. Cowart anti-climactically taps the gavel. Ted looks into gallery in time to see Carole Ann running out without loo back. He’s now completely alone. As he’s shackled and taken away, the CAMERA FINDS -- etch into the wood of the defense table where Ted’s seat was, SILHOUETTE OF A SHARK. CUT TO BLACK. We think it’s over, until...
131) 1) dialog: Dear Liz. This will be my last letter. If anyone deserves to hear it as it was -- it’s you.
132) 0) text: Liz waits, nervously bouncing her leg. A metal door OPENS Liz steels herself. This is the hardest thing Liz has eve had to do. SEPARATED BY GLASS... guards usher in Ted, now 42, thinne gaunt, lacking the sturdy frame of his youth. Pale from n years behind bars. By now he’s gotten used to the LEG BRA and CHAINS as he moves. He stops dead when he sees Liz. He sits across from her. Picks up the phone. She hesitate then picks up hers. A long beat of silence. Neither know what to say.
132) 1) dialog: (beat) Never lose hope. Ted notices Liz’s wedding ring. Tries to hide the sting w a smile. His smile -- which doesn’t have the same power anymore. It’s dimmer. Weaker.
132) 5) dialog: It’s all there in the letters.
132) 7) dialog: There is no truth, only controversy.
132) 9) dialog: It’s never going to stop, is it?
132) 11) dialog: I didn’t do anything, Liz.
132) 13) dialog: I’m telling them what they want to hear because it’s the only way to save my life. I haven't been convicted of anything except this Florida thing -- which I’m still appealing -- but they’re going to fry me tomorrow if I don’t give them something. I have no choice.
132) 15) dialog: You made heart valves.
132) 17) dialog: My love was never a lie. I fell in love the moment I saw you. 102.
132) 19) dialog: You know I’m not capable of these things, Liz. I would never hurt a woman. Have I ever laid a hand on you? Have I ever even raised my voice? Remember when we went shopping for ski racks and that lady got her purse snatched--
132) 22) dialog: I remember that sketch. Everyone teased me about the resemblance. We used to laugh about it together.
132) 25) dialog: Of course not. 103.
132) 27) dialog: No.
132) 29) dialog: No!
132) 31) dialog: Oh, Liz, you've always been insatiable. You’ve obviously come with an agenda and I’m sorry I can’t give you what you want.
132) 33) dialog: (laughs ) Absolutely not.
132) 35) dialog: I did not do these things, Liz.
132) 37) dialog: I wish we could be alone... and talk about things... with nobody listening... 104.
132) 39) dialog: (barks ) Back off! First time we’ve seen him unhinged. First time Liz is in control.
132) 42) dialog: Not you, Liz. Anyone but you. Liz pulls out a MANILA ENVELOPE marked “CONFIDENTIAL” -- one Detective Fisher left at her house all those years ag From it, she withdraws a 9x11 PHOTOGRAPH and PRESSES IT AGAINST THE GLASS in front of Ted. We don’t see the photo, we just see Ted fixed on it. His carotid artery pulses fast in his neck. His jaw protrudes. His eyes fix in a lock-stare that looks almost inhuman, like he’s just been transported to whatever scen he’s seeing. And it’s absolutely fucking terrifying.
132) 44) dialog: (slightly disoriented) Um, if she was deposited in the woods, animals could have conceivably-- 105.
132) 46) dialog: Don’t make me say it, Liz. I’m not a bad guy.
132) 53) text: -- Ted's anger in pounding the table... -- Ted's EYES -- no longer sweet and blue, but black and scary
132) 54) text: 162 163 106. The cuts come so fast it’s nauseating. Realizing this evi has been in front of us -- seducing us -- the entire time It’s not that we didn’t see it, it’s that we didn’t want Like Liz, like his victims, like everyone he encountered, were inexplicably mesmerized by Ted. We wanted to believe him because we liked h
132) 55) text: Now that we know the truth -- the whole truth -- and noth but the truth -- we feel disgusted.
134) 0) text: .--into the claustrophobic humidity where she finally let free a maelstrom of emotion released in an instant. It’s not sadness or shock. It’s a great burden leaving he guilt -- insecurity -- self-loathing -- codependency -- Ted. And there waiting for her, next to a cheap rental car... JERRY and TEENAGE MOLLY. They wrap their arms around Liz her journey is now complete. 107.