4) 9) dialog: You're eating too fast. INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - DINNER TABLE - EVENING Stevie and Dabney are mid conversation. There is a third place setting with untouched food and a vacant chair.
4) 11) dialog: (without even thinking) You look sloppier than you are when you do that. Stevie feels shame. He puts his silverware down and sits straighter. Beat. Beat.
4) 12) dialog: 
4) 14) dialog: I haven’t called that guy Todd back. Stevie looks up. She needs him to listen.
4) 16) dialog: He’s nice and everything but I feel like a third date says A LOT.
4) 18) dialog: He’s fine. He’s nice. I’m attracted to him and all. It’s just... I don’t know. I don’t have a lot of time as it is. And I like to spend that time with you. Stevie smiles and looks down. Neither of them realize the oddness of this dynamic.
4) 20) dialog: How was school?
4) 22) dialog: What happened?
4) 24) dialog: (quickly/guilt provoking) Oh and you want to have a sleepover with them? I wouldn’t have cooked if that is what you wanted to do... So that’s what you want to do? (with guilt) That’s fine. Fine.
4) 26) dialog: 
4) 28) dialog: I have had that little shit, no offense, over here so many times, How dare she make you feel that way?
4) 31) dialog: Slow down. Dabney puts his fork down and looks into Stevie’s eyes.
4) 32) dialog: You get to watch whatever you want tonight. Beat.
4) 34) dialog: (sincere) You don’t deserve to feel shitty. Stevie looks down and smiles with his face still in the p of her hand. Ian enters and breaks up this moment. Ian clocks this swe moment. He keeps it inside, but he clearly notices their affection for each other. They notice Ian enter. Stevie stiffens up and gathers some courage.
4) 36) dialog: (calls out to Ian) Do you want to eat in here?! 10. Ian walks into his bedroom and slams the door. Loud hip h music plays muffled through the door. SLOW PUSH IN ON THE DOOR VIBRATING. Back at the table Dabney looks upset. Stevie looks hurt. Stevie looks down at his food. He can’t figure out words say. Beat.
4) 37) dialog: He’s just... (searching for words) So angry with me... (thinking out loud) I'm figuring all this out as I go. (a bit sad) I don’t know. Stevie feels uncomfortable hearing his mom say she doesn’ know what she’s doing. She clocks Stevie’s discomfort and lightens things up.
4) 38) dialog: (where does the time go?) He turns eighteen this week. (beat. Cracks a smile) Benihana. Stevie almost smiles.
4) 39) dialog: (very dead pan) Should be a blast. They both let out a little laugh. Takes the pressure off. WIDE SHOT ON THEM EATING DINNER. INT. DABNEY’'S BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT Dabney lays in bed in an oversized T-shirt with a blank expression watching the 0.J. SIMPSON TRIAL on television. Stevie sits on the floor at the foot of her bed watching her. INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - LATER A JERKY BOYS PRANK CALL plays on the Stevie’s stereo over scene. “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” figures and Micro Machine cars are strewn all over the floor and desk. 11. A “Street Fighter 2” poster, an “NBA JAM” poster, a Bo Jackson poster, and a “DuckTales” poster hang on the wall “Dinosaurs” plays on a tiny TV in the background on mute. Baby from “Dinosaurs” hits the Father dinosaur with a pan Stevie stands in front of his mirror in his underwear. He examines the bruises on his arms and chest from his fight with Ian this morning. He stares into the mirror. CLOSE U on the bruises. CLOSE UP on Stevie’s eyes taking them in. He’s not sad or even angry. They’re badges of honor. Like soldier’s war wounds. INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - LATER Stevie hears the front door open. He looks out the window see Ian getting in his car and driving away. He BOLTS out his room.
8) 0) text: Dabney, Ian and Stevie sit at a group table at Benihana w strangers filling out the rest of the table. A YOUNG WHIT COUPLE, 30, and AN AFRICAN AMERICAN MAN, 64, and his GRANDSON, 11. The BENIHANA CHEF is doing his thing on the grill. It is quiet amongst the three of them as they watc It’s an uncomfortable dinner. Stevie has the CD he bought the table with his hand on top of it.
8) 1) dialog: (to Ian) At my eighteenth birthday party I was breast feeding you. 17. The boys say nothing. It’s an uncomfortable image for all parties.
8) 2) dialog: (to herself almost) I was a baby who had a baby. Jesus, could you imagine if you had a baby right now? Dabney laughs to herself at how insane that seems and how insane it was at the time. Ian takes a deep breath. This subject matter strikes a deep nerve with him. Stevie is listening but more focused on the gift he has for Ian.
8) 3) dialog: What’re you gonna do with your friends tonight?
8) 5) dialog: Sounds fun. The chef flips a shrimp tail into his shirt pocket. The couple and the Grandpa and Grandson smile and clap. Dabne Ian and Stevie sit in silence.
8) 6) dialog: I got you a present. Dabney hands Ian a card in an envelope. He takes it. Rips open, doesn’t read the card, opens it, takes out the two twenty dollar bills and puts the money in his pocket and the card and trash on the table without ever reading the card. He looks back down at his plate. Dabney looks offen but not surprised.
8) 8) dialog: (exasperated) You. Are. Welcome. Ian. 18. Beat. Stevie looks very nervous. He is gathering up the courage to give Ian his gift. His heart is racing. He tak deep breath.
8) 11) dialog: (frustrated) Until we’re done eating dinner.
8) 13) dialog: (pissed) Well we ordered and I’m paying for this food, so you’re staying.
8) 15) dialog: (to chef) Thank you. (to Ian/muted yell) What is wrong with you? Ian says nothing and just stares at his plate. 19.
8) 16) dialog: Why do you make it so difficult to be around you? Ian still looks at his plate.
8) 17) dialog: Huh?
8) 19) dialog: What did you just say to me?!
8) 21) dialog: (losing it) Just leave if this is so fucking miserable for you! You think we want to be here?
8) 23) dialog: (to the other patrons) Sorry. Dabney starts crying in her hands. Stevie consoles Dabney rubbing her back. HOLD ON A CLOSE UP OF STEVIE HOLDING BACK HIS OWN TEARS. WIDE SHOT of the uncomfortable table at Benihana with the strangers. Stevie is crushed. Everyone else in the restau is having fun. 20. HOLD ON CLOSE UP OF THE CD FOR A LONG BEAT.
9) 36) dialog: Stevie! It’s late! Come on! Stevie picks up his board and runs inside. INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT QUICK CUTS of Stevie taking down Ninja Turtle and NBA JAM posters and putting up his two stickers and tear-outs fro his skate magazines with scotch tape. His room is now thr quarters kid posters and one wall is all skating.
17) 0) text: Stevie is skating home as fast as he can. All of the sudd it starts pouring rain. He keeps skating even though it’s slippery and new to him. He has to get home. INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - FRONT ENTRANCE - MINUTES LATER We hear the keys jangling outside and the lock open. Stev BURSTS through the front door. Dabney rushes from the kit to greet him.
17) 1) dialog: Stevie? (then) You're soaking!
17) 3) dialog: It’s only seven thirty.
17) 7) dialog: What is that noise?! Are you okay?! She sees it’s the skateboard. She laughs a bit.
17) 8) dialog: What’re you doing, kid?
17) 10) dialog: (relieved/laughing) You scared the shit out of me.
17) 12) dialog: You love this skateboarding, huh? Stevie looks at her sincerely.
17) 14) dialog: Always.
17) 16) dialog: (confused) Didn’t Ian just give you that board? It was ACTUALLY nice of him to do that and it’s perfectly good. Stevie protects his lie that Ian gave it to him and launc into his argument.
17) 18) dialog: So? Dinosaurs are cool.
17) 20) dialog: (wishing she could) I'm sorry, kid.
17) 22) dialog: No. 39.
17) 24) dialog: Kid. I want to give you everything in the whole world. I do. But I don’t have money to just throw away on skateboards. I’m sorry. I’m sure it’s not as bad as you think. Stevie looks down, bummed.
17) 25) dialog: (trying to cheer him up) On the bright side, it’s Saturday! Blockbuster night! Stevie is still bummed.
17) 26) dialog: You can choooooose. “Defending Your Life”? Beat.
17) 28) dialog: Not in the house. And it’s pouring out? Beat. Stevie gets up and picks up his board.
17) 30) dialog: (upset/guilting him) That hurts my feelings, Stevie. We always watch movies on Saturday night. Do you realize you're hurting me? Beat. Revision 40.
21) 14) dialog: Morning, kid.
21) 17) dialog: I’m making eggs. What’re you late for?
21) 19) dialog: (disappointed) Oh. (guilting him) It would be very hurtful to me if you ran out the door because I woke up early to make you eggs. (more guilt) But if that’s what you feel you want to do and if you feel that that’s the RIGHT thing to do. Stevie wants to rush out, but the guilt takes its hold. H exhales and sits down.
21) 20) dialog: I actually have a question?
21) 22) dialog: So I finally called this Todd guy back and now he hasn’t called me back and it’s been over a week. Is that like, a major red flag? Stevie thinks. He is engaged, but still really wants to g skate.
21) 24) dialog: Yeah I thought that. And then I was gonna call him again, but then I’m like “I’m not even into him’? I don’t know. 50. Beat.
21) 26) dialog: I‘ll give it another day or two. Whatever. Ian enters the room and crashes towards the fridge. He op it and pulls out the carton of orange juice. He shakes it looks furious. It feels light. His face changes from blan furious.
21) 29) dialog: No one, Ian.
21) 32) dialog: Me neither, Ian.
21) 34) dialog: 
21) 37) dialog: 
29) 0) text: Stevie is shoveling food into his mouth rapidly as Dabney watches with a disgusted look on her face.
29) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ, SLOW DOWN. You look so unattractive when you eat like that. Jesus. Stevie uncomfortable stops. He feels bad about the commen but is more focused on finishing so he can go practice mo
29) 3) dialog: As I was saying, he finally called... Stevie stares blankly at Dabney as she talks about Todd. hear faint bits of her words, but we hear loudly the swel symphony of skate wheel sounds. EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT Stevie practices. He’s getting better. In fact, he’s gett pretty good. After we see three close attempts he LANDS H FIRST OLLIE! Smiles. To say he’s satisfied is an understatement. He celebrates and goes APE SHIT! Running around the front of the house taking his shirt off and wa it around!
31) 25) dialog: Stevie? She sees Stevie with his head wrapped in a blood soaked shirt. She lets out a screeching scream! 71.
32) 0) text: Stevie sits in a chair shirtless as Dabney carefully clea the wound on his head.
32) 1) dialog: (worried/pissed) Okay this is done. You’re done. The skateboarding...
32) 3) dialog: No. It’s done. That’s it.
32) 6) dialog: (heated) I’m sure I would love heroin but I’m not going to do THAT every day.
32) 8) dialog: Well I’m not gonna let you get killed by smashing your head!
32) 10) dialog: (can’t keep it in)
32) 16) dialog: (genuinely confused) What do you love about it so much? Stevie thinks. He just kind of looks off and smiles. He doesn’t know how to put it into words. He looks at her an smiles. She nods her head and bites her lip nervously. No happy but she understands.
32) 17) dialog: (but for real) Who are these kids that you skate with? Stevie thinks.
32) 18) dialog: Are they older? Are they... from good... families? I mean, who are they? Stevie looks at her with real sincerity.
41) 0) text: CLOSE UP OF DABNEY’S HAND ON THE BACK OF STEVIE’S NECK FORCING HIM INTO THE SHOP.
42) 0) text: DING! Dabney BURSTS into the store with her hand on Stevi neck. The crew all looks up like “what is going on here?” Dabney drags Stevie over to the work station where Fucksh is reading a magazine.
42) 1) dialog: 
42) 4) dialog: 
42) 7) dialog: 
42) 11) dialog: DON'T YOU “LADY” ME. YOU DO NOT
42) 16) dialog: 
42) 19) dialog: (to Ruben)
42) 22) dialog: You know what I find funny? (beat/ quietly frantic) I find it funny that ten years from now I’'ll be going to the gas station and one of you will be cleaning my windshield. This actually hurts the crew members. She’s being way too harsh and is hitting some nerves.
42) 23) dialog: So laugh hard now. Because Stevie will be at his good job while you'll only have the memory of my anger to laugh about while you’re sleeping in a cardboard fucking box. The crew is silent and hurt. Stevie is mortified.
42) 25) dialog: I don’t. And I don’t want to. Beat.
42) 27) dialog: What?
42) 29) dialog: (confused anger to Stevie) What is he talking about?!
42) 31) dialog: (confused/even more angry) What fingering?!
42) 34) dialog: (over her shoulder)
43) 0) text: Stevie is FUMING as is Dabney.
43) 4) dialog: What are YOU doing?!? Stevie is searching for words. He can’t find them.
43) 7) dialog: 
43) 14) dialog: 
43) 18) dialog: I WON’T EVEN ENTERTAIN THIS
43) 22) dialog: (to herself) I can’t do this. You can’t put me through this, too. Tears stream down her cheek.
43) 26) dialog: (very upset) You used to like spending time with me. Beat.
43) 28) dialog: You’ve become ugly. She walks away in tears, fumbles with her keys, gets in h car and drives off. Stevie is by himself. He picks up his board and smacks the wheels into the concrete a few times anger.
56) 2) text: INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - THE NEXT MORNING Dabney is folding Stevie’s Ultimate sweatshirt he was wea during the crash. The right arm is completely shredded. S looks at the damage of the sweatshirt. She continues to f it to keep it for him. Stevie slowly opens his eyes. His arm is bandaged up post surgery. Dabney sits next to the bed in a chair. Dabney a Stevie look into each others eyes. Silent beat.
56) 3) dialog: (shook up and quiet) They were talking about taking your arm off. Stevie can’t look her in the eye.
56) 4) dialog: (tearing up) They said you are lucky you didn’t die. Beat of silence. Stevie looks down.
56) 6) dialog: I'm disappointed. (beat) And freaked the FUCK OUT. (beat) I'm... furious. And terrified. This crushes Stevie.
56) 7) dialog: (into his eyes) Stevie, come on. I know you can do it, so just do it. Stevie tears up looking at his mom. Revision 112.
56) 8) dialog: You know that I love you. You can get through this time. We can. Beat.
56) 10) dialog: (looking away) Where'd you go, Stevie? Beat.
56) 11) dialog: You used to be my best friend. Long Beat. Stevie tears up.
56) 13) dialog: You’re not old enough to be a bad person. Beat.
57) 0) text: Dabney walks out of the room, exhausted, disheveled and holding her rumpled coffee cup. She stops in her tracks a she enters the waiting room. She sees Fuckshit, Fourth Gr and Ruben dangling off of chairs, fast asleep. They’ve sl there all night. She stares at each of their baby faces. While sleeping they seem angelic. These are just kids. Children. Dabney is overwhelmed with emotion that these b slept there all night. She understands the love these boy have for each other. She walks over to Fuckshit. He gentl wakes up. He looks deep into Dabney’s eyes without saying anything. She says nothing. They make a very emotional locking of eyes. Dabney shows warmth in her face towards for the first time. Beat. Revision 113. INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER We enter mid conversation between Stevie and Fuckshit. Fuckshit sits in the same chair next to Stevie’s hospital bed.