37) 0) text: The boys and girls have mostly paired up with one and oth Ruben and Fuckshit sit on the couch watching cartoons. Th are all high and hazy. Stevie notices Jorge take Angela i a room and how sad this makes Fuck Shit. Stevie and Estee stand by the stove in the kitchen. She i taller than him by at least seven inches. Stevie is fucked up for the first time ever. He doesn’t really know how to talk to her.
37) 1) dialog: I can’t believe you're in seventh grade. That is so fucking crazy.
37) 4) dialog: (still giggling) Yeah, it’s a fucking nightmare. Especially middle school. Stevie just kind of nods his head. Doesn’t know what to s
37) 5) dialog: How long have you been friends with Jorge and those guys?
37) 7) dialog: Cool.
37) 9) dialog: Why?
37) 12) dialog: You're so cute. Angela likes Jorge a lot. Do you think Jorge would actually date Angela or just like hook up with her and then like, not talk to her for like a month until he wants to hook up again? And then, like, pretend to be nice again? Stevie really doesn’t know what to say...
37) 14) dialog: You're nicer than those guys. You're, like, naturally nice. Not like, fake nice. 84. Stevie tries to figure out a response.
37) 16) dialog: You're like at the age before guys become, like, mean. Stevie looks down and smiles.
37) 17) dialog: Have you ever done stuff with a girl? Oh shit. Stevie is nervous as fuck. Pulls it together bes can.
38) 0) text: Stevie and Estee sit on the bed with the lights off. Only moonlight shows us anything. Stevie is crazy nervous. After a long silence, Estee leans in and kisses Stevie. T start making out... not in a movie way, but just a long e teenage make out. No music, just sounds of making out. After an uncomfortably long time, she stops kissing him. takes off her shirt and bra. She takes her pants off. She takes his hand and very slowly moves it up her leg. She guides Stevie’s hand up her thigh and into her underwear. She moves Stevie’s hand around. After a few moments of searching we see his face turn to surprise/confusion/shoc but he is hiding it well. She then takes Stevie’s pants o She puts her hand in his crotch. 85. We show whatever is legally possible to show and try and this as authentic as possible to convey the awkwardness a discomfort of teenage sexuality. CLOSE UP ON THEIR FACES for an uncomfortably long time.
38) 2) dialog: Come on. Stevie gets up and walks towards her. She gives Stevie a sweet smile. He gives her a sweet smile back. She opens t door and they walk out, but not holding hands this time.
39) 0) text: The girls clock Estee and Stevie and know where they’ve b Estee veers off towards the girls in the kitchen and they giggle a bit. Stevie hears the guys outside and walks out door to go be with them. The crew laughs at Jorge’s retelling of what happened in hook up with Angela. Everyone is into the story except Fuckshit who is fuming. Jorge is so unaware that he hurt friend tonight. Stevie walks up with a smile he can’t contain. They shift their focus towards him. Except for Ruben, the all happy as fuck for Stevie and a little ready to give h hard time/are going to make him tell them everything.