4) 0) text: Stevie rides his bike down the street, listening to his Discman, the batteries die and the song abruptly stops. H stops his bike to see if he can fix the music situation. hears the sounds of skateboard wheels rolling on concrete wood slapping on concrete and laughter and shit talking o teenagers. He turns to see what he is hearing. From across the street outside of the Ultimate skate shop Stevie sees RUBEN ALVAREZ (13, skinny Mexican kid), FUCKS (17, skinny black kid with a shaved head), FOURTH GRADE ( white kid with long hair and a flannel), JORGE SILVA, (18 handsome Mexican kid who looks like a real athlete), skat outside the shop. There is a boom box playing hip hop mus Ruben is on the ground with a bar of wax, waxing up the c The others are doing flip tricks and ollies and 180’s on sidewalk out front of the shop. The curb is done being wa and the skaters start riding up and grinding and doing bo slides on the waxed up curb. Some fall HARD onto the stre while others narrowly avoid being hit by cars. They are cracking jokes and laughing at each other’s expense the w time lovingly. Fourth Grade films them doing their tricks Stevie watches this whole scene go down. CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE WATCHING. CLOSE ON CIGARETTES BEING LIT BY SKATERS. CLOSE ON STEVIE'S EYES. Jorge lands a perfect nose blunt on the curb and lands perfectly. The crew of skaters goes nuts celebrating and slapping their boards on the ground. SLOW MOTION SHOT of the crew running up to him and celebrating his victory. Rubbing of his hair and bro-hugs continue in the slow motion celebration. Fuckshit shakes head like “that was dope” and can’t not give Jorge a poun Jorge tries to look at the playback. Fourth Grade whips t camera away.
9) 3) dialog: Ante up. Everyone pitches in for tape so I can film.
13) 3) text: Stevie pushes a couple of times and starts gliding again. is gliding for a few moments with determination on his fa and he busts another ugly attempt at an ollie and... SLAM CLOSE again on his face and the gravel underneath it. His face isn’t shocked this time. He’s okay. The crew laughs even harder this time. Stevie LEAPS UP and brushes off some dirt. He is filthy. makes eye contact with Ruben. Ruben’s expression is “what fuck are you doing?” Stevie’s not bailing. Stevie sees Fourth Grade is filming him now and the crew laughing at him. QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE GRABBING HIS BOARD.
19) 9) dialog: (laughing) I don’t even have a dog. I have a Gecko. The crew laughs hard at this.
19) 14) dialog: Why is that so fuckin’ funny? Nico is awesome.
19) 19) dialog: (genuine) That’s mean. (MORE )
19) 21) dialog: (interrupting the laughter) Okay! Okay! I have one: The crew simmers down. FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D) Can black people: (wait for it) Get sunburned?
19) 23) dialog: What?
19) 25) dialog: What?! I’ve genuinely always wanted to ask that! I honestly feel like a load off my chest even having asked. Like every time I’ve talked to you when it’s hot outside I’m like “does he not even need sun screen?” “Is there black colored sun tan lotion?”
19) 28) dialog: (to himself/a little sad) Fuck you guys. He picks up his camera and starts filming because he does know what else to do with his discomfort and hurt feeling 45.
21) 41) dialog: Hey man, I have to pee. Can I use your bathroom? Stevie is freaked out, he doesn’t know what to say.
21) 43) dialog: Ah, crap. Ruben gets out of the car to let Stevie in.
22) 37) dialog: (shook up/to Jorge) I don’t... who do you think is better looking, Ruben or new kid? Stevie feels very uncomfortable. He is not comfortable wi his looks. He can’t even look at Ruben who is a bit uncomfortable even being compared to the new kid.
23) 0) text: The crew is driving by a movie theater in Westwood. The l is around the block for people waiting to see “The Usual Suspects”. Fourth Grade is filming as they pull up to the line and stop.
24) 0) text: The crew is in their same seats in the car. Fourth Grade filming as the crew fucks with people from the car. Throw shit at other cars and laughing. Hollering at girls. Fuck with other drivers. They pull up to a SOCCER MOM, 30, ina mini van.
28) 1) dialog: Hey, Rube, can I pee in your house, man? Ruben freezes. He’s uncomfortable and doesn’t have a response. Stevie looks over to the windows of Ruben’s hou The shades are closed and there is something unsettling a off about the vibe of Ruben’s house.
28) 3) dialog: Man, FUCK! Is everybody’s toilet broken in this city?
30) 14) dialog: Oh... me? 66.
30) 16) dialog: Shit... (beat) I guess, like... (looking down/nervous) Maybe like...make a...movie...or whatever... The crew CRACKS UP! It feels mean and Fourth Grade looks super embarrassed and angry he opened up like that. FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D) (angrily into his camera) Fuck you guys... shut up...
30) 18) dialog: (embarrassed) Never mind. (making a joke out of it) That is stupid, yo. (then) I don’t know, maybe I’11 work for my dad or whatever.
31) 9) dialog: 
31) 23) dialog: (genuine) Hey Sunblock, I’m not in love with the angle of the shot. Can we try one more?
34) 0) text: Stevie enters the shop. Ruben is at the counter. Stevie thinks and makes the decision to just walk by without acknowledging him. Ruben does the same. 74. The silence and the lack of eye contact speak volumes. St walks towards the back of the shop. He heads to Fuckshit over at the work station by himself. Fourth Grade is on the floor looking at footage on his camera. Jorge sits on the couch watching a video.
36) 0) text: The Crew and Stevie sit on the public bus in the harsh florescent lighting. Laughing and joking around. They hav taken over the back of the bus. Jorge and Fourth Grade write graffiti with paint pens on back seats of the bus. Fuckshit is scraping the word “Ultimate” into the back of seat in front of him with his house key.
37) 6) text: (pretty fucked up) Like a couple months. It’s cool. Fuckshit’s my best friend for sure. He’s so cool. Fourth Grade is cool, he just doesn’t talk a lot and is always filming the stuff we do.
39) 7) dialog: (laughing THEN “the more you know”) You know there’s a third hole just for peeing? WHIP PAN to Stevie. Stevie did not know that. WHIP PAN to Fuckshit.
42) 26) dialog: (super confused/genuine) Why aren’t you Asian? Dabney whips around to Fourth Grade.
42) 28) dialog: I thought you were Asian? Dabney is so furious and confused.
42) 30) dialog: Is she mad about the fingering? Stevie’s face turns bright red and is somehow even more mortified. Fuckshit and Jorge shake their head like “Jesu Fourth Grade”. Ruben is in heaven at this embarrassing sc
48) 2) dialog: (to Stevie) Thanks. (to the skater) I know it sounds crazy, but cinnamon. Just a fucking dash of cinnamon. These are ready! Kids swarm and grab at the burgers and hot dogs like zomb at flesh. Within seconds the tray is empty. FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D) (to the skater) These people are animals. There is a Quarter pipe and knee high metal handrail set that the best skaters are skating as the other kids watch looks crazy fun. Stevie approaches Fourth Grade and drops the frozen meat. Fuckshit pulls his truck into the back parking lot, narro avoiding kids. He jumps out.
52) 0) text: The BBQ is almost empty. Fuckshit and Fourth Grade clean the back parking lot. Stevie sits by himself on the groun getting really fucked up, drinking a 40. He is really sha by what went down earlier. Fuckshit and Fourth Grade go o to Stevie.
53) 25) dialog: (begging his friends)
53) 49) dialog: (in pain) Yeah.
57) 15) dialog: (very sincere) Yeah... but... I’m still there. Stevie takes this in. There is a beat of silence but it’s awkward as much as it’s cathartic. Another beat. FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D) Don’t tell anyone I showed you this. But since you’re all fucked up, I’1l show it to you. Fourth Grade gets up and pulls some cables out of his poc He is holding his camcorder and begins putting the plugs the hospital TV and the camcorder and messing with the AU settings. It’s ready. FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D) It’s something I’ve been working on. You’re awesome in it. Fourth Grade hits play and as he walks out of the room he lovingly squeezes Stevie’s shoulder. He leaves. DEAD CENTER SHOT on Stevie watching the television from h hospital bed as we hear music and skate sounds from the c off the camcorder. We stay DEAD CENTER on Stevie as the camera SLOWLY MOVES CLOSER And CLOSER TO STEVIE. The camera SLOWLY MOVES CLOS AND CLOSER TO STEVIE’S FACE AS HE WATCHES. His face is expressionless but he takes a couple deep breaths, experiencing emotions while watching this. The camera SLOWLY MOVES CLOSER AND CLOSER to his face unt we ARE LOCKED ON HIS EYES. The same shot that opened the movie. WE HOLD ON HIS EYES. His eyes very, very minimally glass up. HOLD ON STEVIE’S EYES FOR A LONG BEAT. We hear sounds of the crew laughing and skating. We hear a KNOCK at the door. Stevie turns the T.V. Off wi the remote. Stevie looks over his shoulder to see Ian standing at the doorway. Ian nods towards the chair.