4) 0) text: Stevie rides his bike down the street, listening to his Discman, the batteries die and the song abruptly stops. H stops his bike to see if he can fix the music situation. hears the sounds of skateboard wheels rolling on concrete wood slapping on concrete and laughter and shit talking o teenagers. He turns to see what he is hearing. From across the street outside of the Ultimate skate shop Stevie sees RUBEN ALVAREZ (13, skinny Mexican kid), FUCKS (17, skinny black kid with a shaved head), FOURTH GRADE ( white kid with long hair and a flannel), JORGE SILVA, (18 handsome Mexican kid who looks like a real athlete), skat outside the shop. There is a boom box playing hip hop mus Ruben is on the ground with a bar of wax, waxing up the c The others are doing flip tricks and ollies and 180’s on sidewalk out front of the shop. The curb is done being wa and the skaters start riding up and grinding and doing bo slides on the waxed up curb. Some fall HARD onto the stre while others narrowly avoid being hit by cars. They are cracking jokes and laughing at each other’s expense the w time lovingly. Fourth Grade films them doing their tricks Stevie watches this whole scene go down. CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE WATCHING. CLOSE ON CIGARETTES BEING LIT BY SKATERS. CLOSE ON STEVIE'S EYES. Jorge lands a perfect nose blunt on the curb and lands perfectly. The crew of skaters goes nuts celebrating and slapping their boards on the ground. SLOW MOTION SHOT of the crew running up to him and celebrating his victory. Rubbing of his hair and bro-hugs continue in the slow motion celebration. Fuckshit shakes head like “that was dope” and can’t not give Jorge a poun Jorge tries to look at the playback. Fourth Grade whips t camera away.
4) 3) dialog: (regarding Jorge) Don’t worry, you don’t wanna see that sloppy shit anyway, nigga.
4) 5) dialog: I don’t know what you’re laughing at? I only see you landing kickflips with one foot like a bitch! The crew laughs.
4) 7) dialog: Maybe we can have the city pave all the sidewalks with carpet for you, nigga! The crew all laughs. Ruben is used to this treatment.
4) 8) dialog: Go back in the store and unpack the boxes of hoodies. Fuckshit playfully pushes Ruben into the store. Ruben run to do what is asked of him. The crew pays and leaves the store. SLOW MOTION of Stevie watching this. His face is filled w an almost smile. 7. The sounds of the skaters’ joy fades out as the sound of clinking of silverware against plates fades up.
9) 4) dialog: I just kicked in, nigga.
9) 6) dialog: (fantasy mode) Okay, if you could go pro for one team, who would it be? The whole crew gets excited at this day dream.
9) 8) dialog: Chocolate or Menace for sure.
9) 11) dialog: (super into it) So sick, nigga. So sick. He and Jorge give a hand shake.
9) 12) dialog: I know what my first board graphic would be. The Tribe Called Quest album cover with all the rappers heads on it, but it would be our whole crew's heads on it.
9) 16) dialog: (joyously) That's what’s up, nigga. That’s what’s up. The crew sits happily and thinks about this day dream.
9) 31) dialog: (very dry/subtly sarcastic) Cool board.
19) 1) dialog: Okay, okay, okay. I don’t fuckin’ get this one. Why do people say Mexicans are lazy and shit? The crew laughs. Some uncomfortably. The crew looks at Jo
19) 3) dialog: I heard that shit. But it doesn’t make any sense to me. Every time I see a Mexican dude he’s building like a fucking building and shit, nigga.
19) 5) dialog: I didn’t say I say that. I said PEOPLE do! The whole point of this game is you can’t get offended.
19) 10) dialog: 
19) 12) dialog: I don’t know ONE NIGGA in the universe with a gecko! The crew is dying.
19) 13) dialog: That is the whitest fucking animal on planet earth, nigga!
19) 17) dialog: You have a GECKO named NICO?!
19) 22) dialog: Jesus Christ.
19) 24) dialog: You are one of the dumbest motherfuckers I have ever met in my life.
19) 26) dialog: YES. Black people can get sunburned, you dumb fuck. How do you know not know that?
19) 29) dialog: Okay. (to Stevie) Yo. Kid. Stevie is like “is he talking to me?”
19) 30) dialog: Did you know black people could get sunburned? Stevie genuinely looks like he’s about to shit his pants. nightmare is being within a thousand miles of this conversation. A deer in headlights. His face turns from f to deep thinking to “fuck it, now or never”. WHAT IS HE G TO SAY. BEAT.
19) 32) dialog: FUCK! SHIT! That was DOPE! Let’s go hit Lockwood, yo. The crew all gets up and grabs their boards. Stevie stays seated. Fuckshit hovers over him and notices his “new” bo
19) 33) dialog: You coming, Sunblock? Stevie is in shock. Not only has he just been invited, bu even has a nick name?!
19) 34) dialog: Let's go. Fuckshit leaves through the front of the store. Stevie ge up with his new board. Ruben waits for Stevie. 46.
21) 0) text: The crew, including Stevie, skate up to Lockwood, an elementary school and famous L.A. skate spot in a rough neighborhood (at the time). The gates are locked and the crew immediately start throw their boards over the giant fences and start climbing up hoisting each other up. Stevie looks a little freaked out has never hopped a fence before. He struggles over, awkwardly. The crew starts lining up benches and setting up picnic tables in an order to their liking. They start doing tric on the benches and picnic tables. We see shots of the crew trying tricks, talking shit and laughing. Stevie is practicing incredibly hard. He takes falls and the crew notices. After a particularly hard sla Fuckshit extends a hand to Stevie to help him up. He take it. It means a lot. Fuckshit skates off and attempts some tricks. Stevie skates over to Ruben who is drinking from big gallon of water. He offers the last bit of water to Stevie. Stevie has the last few drops and puts the jug do
21) 40) dialog: Whassup, fool? Stevie smiles.
22) 0) text: The crew is blasting music and talking shit. Fuckshit is driving fast to impress his friends like teenagers do. St is beaming. This is the most freedom he has ever had.
22) 4) dialog: Nigga, fuck you! I think you lost your fucking mind?
22) 6) dialog: There’s no way in hell you are better looking than me, nigga. 53.
22) 8) dialog: What are you?
22) 10) dialog: And what the fuck am I?!
22) 12) dialog: What the FUCK?! Fourth Grade is filming and laughing.
22) 13) dialog: You got that little ass crusty ass mustache, son. I think you’re fucking crazy. Jorge? Jorge just gives a cocky smile.
22) 14) dialog: You got nothing to say here?
22) 16) dialog: What?
22) 18) dialog: Oh, and what are you nigga?
22) 20) dialog: What the fuck is going on here? You think you're more attractive than me? Beat. 54.
22) 22) dialog: No, what the fuck number do you think you are?
22) 24) dialog: 
22) 27) dialog: 
22) 30) dialog: Nigga, fuck you! You're pretty like a girl.
22) 32) dialog: DOG. You can’t SAY shit like that! And anyway, you’re pretty like, feminine. Like a beautiful girl or some shit. I’m ruggedly handsome. Young Denzel, son. Got that rugged power. The crew laughs.
22) 34) dialog: HA. HA. You look like Selena, nigga.
22) 39) dialog: I don’t know, yo. It’s close. Sunblock got that nigga from “Home Alone” vibe going on.
22) 44) dialog: I don’t know, you being modest, nigga. (to the homeless guy) Yo homie! Come here! The homeless guy looks up and walks up to the crew.
22) 46) dialog: Yo, homie. Which one of these niggas is better looking? (points to Stevie and Ruben) This nigga or this nigga? The homeless guy thinks for a second.
22) 48) dialog: Like, if you had to give them each a number from one to ten what would they be? The homeless man thinks.
22) 50) dialog: Ahhhh!!!!!!! (to Ruben) You ugly, nigga! Revision 57. Fuckshit hands the homeless guy some change. He walks awa The crew gets up and skates. Stevie walks up to Ruben.
24) 1) dialog: (to the soccer mom) Yo what’s up, baby?
24) 3) dialog: Just give love a chance, lady! 58.
24) 5) dialog: You can deny it all you want, but I’m sensing a real back and forth here. Sparks, ya know what I mean?
24) 8) dialog: (upset/to himself) Four. That’s fucked up. They sit awkwardly at the stop light. She smiles that he’ getting clowned on. Fuckshit awkwardly rolls up the windo embarrassed.
27) 1) dialog: Sunblock, what’re you doing here? We thought you were doing ten to fifteen in San Quentin! The crew explodes laughing. Stevie composes himself and g in line with Ruben.
30) 2) dialog: I know, nigga. I got my report card and my parents were fucking PISSED. No car for two weeks. Might as well cut my dick off. The crew laughs, but is bummed Fuckshit has no car for tw weeks.
30) 3) dialog: Parents are so fucking retarded, nigga.
30) 5) dialog: I’m a senior in high school, it’s not like all of the sudden I’m gonna get into Harvard or some shit. Everyone is quiet thinking about their own situation.
30) 6) dialog: I mean, my parents went to good schools and became lawyers and got paid and shit. I mean, they’re not Puff Daddy or some shit, but I respect what they did. That shit just isn’t me. I get C’s and I’m a’‘ight with that shit. I spent my time skating and chilling with my niggas and I wouldn’t have done it any differently. Stevie is taking this in.
30) 7) dialog: I hope I go pro for sure. That would be so ill. But no matter what, I’m gonna work in skating for sure. (does he even believe this next sentence) And who knows, I may go pro? 65.
30) 10) dialog: (in shock) Oh really?
30) 17) dialog: This nigga think he Spielberg and shit! The crew laughs more. Stevie isn’t laughing. He sees Four Grade’s pain but there’s no way he’s saying shit.
30) 25) dialog: Oh you wanna skate the GAP?!
30) 28) dialog: BIG BALLS over here! The camera PANS UP above them and shows a roof gap over t lunch area. There is at least a ten foot drop if you fall through the gap and don’t make it to the other side. Scar
31) 5) dialog: 
31) 11) dialog: Don't poke him asshole! 69. Stevie wakes up a little. He is fucked up but he is alive The crew picks him up onto his feet.
31) 12) dialog: You okay, Sunblock? Stevie is out of it. As he stands up his head is LEAKING BLOOD.
31) 16) dialog: This nigga Sunblock is insane!
31) 18) dialog: BIG BALLS, yo! Ruben is pissed at the love Stevie is getting right now. realizes something he’ll never shake. Stevie has somethin never will. Ruben’s skating has a ceiling that Stevie’s doesn’t have. Ruben has fear and Stevie doesn’t.
31) 19) dialog: (to Ruben) Take off your shirt, he’s bleeding through his. Ruben looks furious.
31) 22) dialog: (to Stevie with respect) You crazy, nigga. Stevie smiles. He has never felt so accepted. Fourth Grad reviews the footage.
31) 24) dialog: Shut the fuck up, yo!/You're retarded! Ruben looks as if he might cry. Stevie is woozy, but is i heaven. Both shirts are now soaked through with blood wra around his head. Fuckshit picks up Stevie’s board which is broken in half. hands it to Stevie. Stevie is really upset his board is broken. Fuckshit pats him on the back. Stevie gets woozy again and back to the high of the positive attention he i receiving. INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - FRONT ENTRANCE Stevie tries to sneak inside the house with his board wit making a sound. Almost the moment he walks in Dabney rush towards the front door.
34) 0) text: Stevie enters the shop. Ruben is at the counter. Stevie thinks and makes the decision to just walk by without acknowledging him. Ruben does the same. 74. The silence and the lack of eye contact speak volumes. St walks towards the back of the shop. He heads to Fuckshit over at the work station by himself. Fourth Grade is on the floor looking at footage on his camera. Jorge sits on the couch watching a video.
34) 1) dialog: FUCK! SHIT! Look at this crazy ass nigga over here! Stevie can’t help but smile.
34) 2) dialog: How’s your head, psycho?
34) 4) dialog: (laughing) It’s not fine, Sunblock. There’s something wrong in that head. Stevie laughs. He then gets a bit serious.
34) 6) dialog: (smiling) You should ride one of these. Fuckshit pulls out and hands Stevie an Ultimate deck. Ste is smiling huge, but then...
34) 9) dialog: Yeah. Ruben is FUMING. Fuckshit is letting Stevie buy an Ultima board ALREADY! ?
34) 11) dialog: (smiling) This one’s for you. No one will miss it.
34) 16) dialog: It’s yours. Ruben gets up and STORMS out of the store. Jorge calls af Ruben, unaware that Ruben is pissed.
34) 20) dialog: (laughing at how adorable) Yes, fool! Stevie thinks deeply for a second.
34) 22) dialog: (confused) What?
34) 24) dialog: Nigga, WHAT THE FUCK are you talking about?
34) 26) dialog: (what the fuck is he talking about?) Nothing gay about saying thank you, dumb fuck. It’s just basic manners, yo.
34) 29) dialog: You’re welcome. Now watch closely. You're gonna be setting up a million of these. I’m only doing this for you once, homie.
34) 31) dialog: Go skate that shit. Stevie is grinning like a fool. He turns to run out to sk his new treasure.
35) 11) dialog: Don’t fucking worry about it, homie.
36) 0) text: The Crew and Stevie sit on the public bus in the harsh florescent lighting. Laughing and joking around. They hav taken over the back of the bus. Jorge and Fourth Grade write graffiti with paint pens on back seats of the bus. Fuckshit is scraping the word “Ultimate” into the back of seat in front of him with his house key.
36) 1) dialog: You should feel lucky you ever get to ride in that car, nigga. (pissed at his parents) My parents are being so fucking retarded, though. For real. 80.
36) 3) dialog: Yo. So tonight should go pretty fucking smooth. Angela is having a kick back and I’ve been working her for like two months, nigga. She wants my shit, yo. And if y’all niggas ‘aint too corny you might be able to get some pussy too. She got friends coming. Jorge rolls his eyes at that and laughs to himself. Fucks doesn’t notice.
36) 5) dialog: (mot a great idea) Yo nigga, don’t give them that shit.
37) 0) text: The boys and girls have mostly paired up with one and oth Ruben and Fuckshit sit on the couch watching cartoons. Th are all high and hazy. Stevie notices Jorge take Angela i a room and how sad this makes Fuck Shit. Stevie and Estee stand by the stove in the kitchen. She i taller than him by at least seven inches. Stevie is fucked up for the first time ever. He doesn’t really know how to talk to her.
37) 6) text: (pretty fucked up) Like a couple months. It’s cool. Fuckshit’s my best friend for sure. He’s so cool. Fourth Grade is cool, he just doesn’t talk a lot and is always filming the stuff we do.
37) 19) dialog: (whispers to himself in disbelief) What the fuck?
39) 0) text: The girls clock Estee and Stevie and know where they’ve b Estee veers off towards the girls in the kitchen and they giggle a bit. Stevie hears the guys outside and walks out door to go be with them. The crew laughs at Jorge’s retelling of what happened in hook up with Angela. Everyone is into the story except Fuckshit who is fuming. Jorge is so unaware that he hurt friend tonight. Stevie walks up with a smile he can’t contain. They shift their focus towards him. Except for Ruben, the all happy as fuck for Stevie and a little ready to give h hard time/are going to make him tell them everything.
39) 2) dialog: You need to tell us what the fuck happened in there. WHIP PAN to Stevie. He looks like the happiest deer ever be caught in headlights.
39) 8) dialog: Everybody fucking knows that. What else happened? WHIP PAN to Stevie.
39) 12) dialog: Estee is bangin’. Props little, nigga.
39) 44) dialog: You too drunk, nigga! Jorge just laughs at Fuckshit. Fuckshit skates around in own world.
42) 3) dialog: My name?
42) 6) dialog: (reluctantly) Fuckshit.
42) 8) dialog: 
42) 10) dialog: Lady... 92.
42) 15) dialog: Cool.
42) 24) dialog: (sincere/hurt) You don’t know us. 93.
44) 0) text: With an intense and angered look on his face, Stevie does ollie after ollie. He now landing 90 percent of them. It impressive and obsessive. He is drenched in sweat. Fuckshit walks out back and lights up a cigarette. Stevie doesn’t even notice. He just keeps ollieing. CLOSE UP on Stevie’s intense face. CLOSE UP on Fuckshit noticing this and smoking.
44) 1) dialog: Yo. Stevie is startled. Fuckshit laughs. 96.
44) 2) dialog: Relax, dude. Stevie fetches his board. Doesn’t say anything. Fuckshit walks over to Stevie and sits against the wall he is near Stevie sits down next to him against the wall.
44) 3) dialog: You a’ight? Stevie is catching his breath while looking down at his f
44) 4) dialog: You don’t look a’ight. Stevie stays looking down at his feet. Catching his breat
44) 5) dialog: Your moms is a uh... real serious. Beat of Stevie breathing.
44) 7) dialog: What kind of shit?
44) 9) dialog: I think sometimes we think our own lives are the most fucked up. (beat) But I think if you look in anyone's closet, you wouldn’t trade your shit for their shit. Stevie looks at Fuckshit for the first time in this conversation. Beat.
44) 10) dialog: Fourth Grade’s mom died when he was like, a baby. Stevie had never thought about Fourth Grade’s life beyond filming and hanging out. 97.
44) 11) dialog: And he’s also, literally, the poorest person I have ever met. Like, not even making a joke. He is the brokest ass motherfucker I know. Like, homeboy doesn’t own socks. Stevie takes this in.
44) 12) dialog: Ruben’s mom beats the fuck out of him and his sister. Stevie is affected by this.
44) 13) dialog: Jorge can’t see his mom sometimes. She's hooked on pills and shit. He came home from school, like a year ago, and she had taken like a million pills. She should have died. But she didn’t. And now he can’t see her sometimes for like months. That’s why he lives with his grandma. Stevie can barely swallow he’s so shook up by this.
44) 14) dialog: My younger brother died. Three years ago. He was like a year younger than you. Crossing the street to go to soccer practice. Hit by an old man who shouldn't have even been fucking driving. Stevie is so upset for his friend his eyes water. Fuckshi stares ahead of him.
44) 15) dialog: And now I have this car, right? No way my parents could afford two trucks. It’s like they spent the money they would have spent on him, on me. Every time I drive that motherfucker I think, “I wouldn’t have this car if my brother was here.” Fuckshit takes a deep breath. Stevie is silent. 98.
44) 16) dialog: After he died. You know what happened the next night? Stevie doesn’t say anything.
44) 17) dialog: Jorge came to my house, dragged me to the Courthouse, and made me go skating with him ‘til the sun came up. They sit in silence for a long beat. Fuckshit punches Stevie’s arm with a love tap.
44) 18) dialog: Let's go. They get up.
45) 0) text: Emotionally tonal music plays as we see shots of Stevie a Fuckshit skating the courthouse at night. There is an aggression, beauty and a therapeutic nature to their skat They are sweating and skating into the wee hours of the night. Fuckshit is asleep on one of the ledges in the middle of night. Stevie looks up at a HOMELESS MAN, 50, sitting on the Upp Deck drinking out of a bottle of liquor at a picnic table himself. Stevie stares at him. Stevie approaches him and sits at the table with him. The Homeless man barely looks up at Stevie and breathes heavy Stevie puts two dollars on the table and slides over to h
47) 0) text: Stevie is asleep on one of the ledges near Fuckshit as th sun comes up. Stevie’s board is next to him as is the now empty bottle of alcohol.
48) 3) dialog: Look who’s got his fucking ride back, nigga! The crew is excited. He pops the trunk and Stevie and the crew help him carry booze and 40s out of the back and put them in ice buckets. The skaters all attack the booze.
51) 10) dialog: 
51) 13) dialog: You okay?
52) 0) text: The BBQ is almost empty. Fuckshit and Fourth Grade clean the back parking lot. Stevie sits by himself on the groun getting really fucked up, drinking a 40. He is really sha by what went down earlier. Fuckshit and Fourth Grade go o to Stevie.
52) 1) dialog: You okay? Stevie can’t look at him or talk. He’s really shaken up. Jorge and Ruben walk over really wasted. Ruben’s face is FUCKED UP. He and Stevie avoid eye contact.
52) 4) dialog: I'm fucking wasted. You’re fucking wasted. We’re all fucking wasted. No fucking way I can drive. It’s been a crazy day, let’s just call it quits, nigga.
52) 6) dialog: (serious) No I can’t. I’m fucked up. Jorge grabs into Fuckshit’s pockets and grabs his keys.
53) 1) dialog: (drunk but concerned) Just pull the fucking car over.
53) 3) dialog: What’s so special about tonight? Something you want to tell us? Jorge turns around to yell back at Fuckshit. It’s scary. see Fourth Grade getting very nervous. He fiddles with hi camera because he is drunk and nervous and doesn’t know h to vocalize his concern for Jorge's driving. Stevie is in own head.
53) 6) dialog: Watch the fucking road!
53) 9) dialog: Say what you gotta say motherfucker! ! Jorge keeps turning around recklessly while yelling at Fuckshit. Fourth Grade is uncomfortably toying with his camera. He is really scared right now. His eyes are now closed.
53) 18) dialog: 
53) 29) dialog: DON’T FUCKING TALK LIKE THAT TO
53) 35) dialog: YOU DON’T THINK ABOUT ANYONE BUT YO’ FUCKIN’ SELF, NIGGA!!!!! Jorge checks the road.
53) 38) dialog: 
53) 47) dialog: (freaked the fuck out)
57) 0) text: Dabney walks out of the room, exhausted, disheveled and holding her rumpled coffee cup. She stops in her tracks a she enters the waiting room. She sees Fuckshit, Fourth Gr and Ruben dangling off of chairs, fast asleep. They’ve sl there all night. She stares at each of their baby faces. While sleeping they seem angelic. These are just kids. Children. Dabney is overwhelmed with emotion that these b slept there all night. She understands the love these boy have for each other. She walks over to Fuckshit. He gentl wakes up. He looks deep into Dabney’s eyes without saying anything. She says nothing. They make a very emotional locking of eyes. Dabney shows warmth in her face towards for the first time. Beat. Revision 113. INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER We enter mid conversation between Stevie and Fuckshit. Fuckshit sits in the same chair next to Stevie’s hospital bed.
57) 2) dialog: Yeah. They are quiet for a beat.
57) 3) dialog: (nervously) Can I see it? Beat.
57) 5) dialog: 
57) 7) dialog: (emotional/sincere) I’m really glad you okay, nigga. Stevie painfully smiles. It means a lot that Fuckshit sai that to him. Beat.
57) 9) dialog: (sincere smile) You take the hardest hits of anyone I ever met. Beat. Stevie really takes in the photo of his mangled arm