5) 0) text: Stevie bursts into Ian’s room. He doesn’t know how much t he has. Ian’s room is an OCD wet dream. So clean and fill with a teenage obsessive collections. Ian's room is covered with east coast hip hop posters (Na O.C., Brand Nubian, Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth, Grand Puba Gang Starr, etc.) and tons and tons of CDs organized perfectly in alphabetical order. Stevie delicately inspects them like an archeologist insp a bone. He notices the names of the albums and rappers. H pulls a pen and piece of paper from his pocket and begins writing down some of the names of the rappers. Stevie brushes his hand gently over the racks of hip hop He carefully pulls one out like it’s a museum. He puts it his prized Discman. He sits Indian style on the floor wit his back to camera nodding his head to the music. He is enjoying hearing this music so much. Learning who Ian is. Learning about the world of hip hop. HOLD ON Stevie from behind nodding his head. After a long beat, Stevie hears a noise! He scrambles to the CD he is listening to back in its case. He runs out o Ian’s room and into his room. INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS He breathes heavy, almost hyperventilating. He is safe, b still needs a minute to calm down. 12.
7) 0) text: Stevie gets caught at a red light on his bike. As he wait for the light to turn green, he sees TWO TEN-YEAR-OLDS st squirting each other with Nerf Super Soaker water guns. S MOTION ON THE KIDS as they are having the time of their lives. Laughing. These kids are only two years younger, b they seem in a different stage of life than Stevie. He is snapped out of his reflection by seeing the skate c from the day before, skate by as a crew weaving in and ou cars. This looks like the coolest thing he has ever seen. They seem like such badasses, but they are all interconne even though they aren’t verbally communicating. They fly Stevie, leaving him alone. EXT/INT. STEVIE’S GARAGE - LATE AFTERNOON Stevie rummages through the messy garage. He finds what h looking for! His brother’s warped, old 1980s body skatebo The body of the skateboard is bigger, bulkier and “neon”- than the boards he saw the crew from the bodega holding a skating on. The board has a giant, neon Dinosaur screamin “cowabunga” on it. It’s cheesy as hell but to Stevie it’s beautiful. He rolls the board back and forth under his foot a few ti The concrete outside his house is smooth. He puts his foot on the board and pushes on the board sloppily with his other foot. He rides on it for a few fe then jumps off. He does the same thing again. He does the same thing... SLAM! He falls on the grass. He’s shocked, but okay. The grass kept him from really hurting himself. 14.
7) 5) dialog: How much cash you got?
7) 7) dialog: Why? Revision 15.
7) 9) dialog: (shakes his head) Fucking dumb fuck. (thinks ) I‘1l trade you for your Discman. Stevie’s face is confused and shocked. This is a massive Way bigger than he could have expected.
7) 11) dialog: (sharply) I don’t need to do this. Ian bends down to grab the board.
7) 14) dialog: (icy) You don’t even know about music, anyway. This hurts Stevie. Beat.
7) 22) dialog: (sharply grumbles) GO WITH MOM. Stevie JUMPS BACK like a scared puppy. Ian hustles to his and gets in. Stevie slowly shuffles towards Dabney’s car disappointed.
8) 0) text: Dabney, Ian and Stevie sit at a group table at Benihana w strangers filling out the rest of the table. A YOUNG WHIT COUPLE, 30, and AN AFRICAN AMERICAN MAN, 64, and his GRANDSON, 11. The BENIHANA CHEF is doing his thing on the grill. It is quiet amongst the three of them as they watc It’s an uncomfortable dinner. Stevie has the CD he bought the table with his hand on top of it.
8) 4) dialog: (rushed/quiet) chill. Beat. No other explanation.
8) 7) dialog: (looking down/barely audible) Thanks. Deep breath from Dabney.
8) 10) dialog: (to Dabney/looking at his plate) How much longer is this?
8) 12) dialog: I want to leave.
8) 14) dialog: (shaking his head/looking at plate) Whatever. The chef scoops chicken and shrimp onto Dabney’s plate. S forces a smile to the chef then back to Ian.
8) 18) dialog: (aggressive to Dabney) Shut the fuck up.
8) 20) dialog: I said: “Shut. The Fuck. Up.” The African American Grandfather uncomfortably tries to t louder to his Grandson so he doesn’t hear this argument.
8) 22) dialog: (serious and scary) You're a fucking BITCH! Ian darts up and leaves the table. Dabney flinches with a of anger and fear. She puts her face in her hands and let emotional grunt into her hands. Ian leaves the CD on the table. Stevie looks shattered. He just stares at the CD. to die. It is very unpleasant and uncomfortable with the other pe at the table and with the Chef.
17) 33) dialog: Don’t be a pussy. It’s the only way. We are now on a TWO SHOT of Ian and Stevie. Stevie looks really terrified and really uncomfortable with doing this
17) 35) dialog: You came to me and said you needed forty bucks. That’s a lot of fucking money. Just open the drawer and grab forty for you and forty for me. Simple. Stevie’s eyes become a bit glassy. This feels very wrong. Revision 4l.
17) 36) dialog: (manipulating) Fine I’m fuckin’ outta here. You’re acting like a fucking baby... Ian turns to leave, but knows Stevie will cave.
21) 0) text: The crew, including Stevie, skate up to Lockwood, an elementary school and famous L.A. skate spot in a rough neighborhood (at the time). The gates are locked and the crew immediately start throw their boards over the giant fences and start climbing up hoisting each other up. Stevie looks a little freaked out has never hopped a fence before. He struggles over, awkwardly. The crew starts lining up benches and setting up picnic tables in an order to their liking. They start doing tric on the benches and picnic tables. We see shots of the crew trying tricks, talking shit and laughing. Stevie is practicing incredibly hard. He takes falls and the crew notices. After a particularly hard sla Fuckshit extends a hand to Stevie to help him up. He take it. It means a lot. Fuckshit skates off and attempts some tricks. Stevie skates over to Ruben who is drinking from big gallon of water. He offers the last bit of water to Stevie. Stevie has the last few drops and puts the jug do
21) 27) dialog: 
21) 30) dialog: There’s less of it. I know one of you drank it.
21) 33) dialog: It’s MY orange juice. Why don’t you fucking understand that? FUCK...
21) 36) dialog: Fuck this shit!
25) 0) text: DOLLY IN OVER Stevie’s shoulders REVEALING the vast outdo plaza of the West Los Angeles Courthouse. This is the street skating Garden Of Eden. The place is PACKED with over 100 SKATERS of all ages, skating the abundance of ledges, a giant drained fountain can do tricks into, stairs and a taller stage to grind or manual on for the most advanced. CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE taking it all in. He’s made it to heaven. BACK TO all of the skaters tearing it up. Stevie makes his way close to Ruben. Ruben is a little co to Stevie because of the looks conversation, but has cool off some of his anger towards him.
29) 6) dialog: 
29) 8) dialog: Skating’s fucking gay. Shut up. Ian slams the window shut. Stevie is shaken but this is t good of a moment. He goes back to celebrating... but quie 64.
33) 0) text: Stevie hands Ian his Discman as Ian hands Stevie twenty bucks.
33) 1) dialog: (confused but doesn’t want to blow the deal) You sure?
33) 3) dialog: (are you SURE?) Twenty bucks. For your Discman.
35) 2) dialog: (grunty ) You fucking smoke now? Stevie notices the cigarettes hanging out of his pocket a quickly shoves them back into his pocket. Stevie looks at TV, nervous to make eye contact with Ian.
35) 4) dialog: (awkwardly grunted) Your friends smoke and shit? You think that’s cool? Stevie does not recognize the intention or tone of this t of conversation with Ian. They both feel incredibly uncomfortable. Is he about to start ridiculing Stevie? Wh is this? Stevie stays looking at the TV.
35) 7) dialog: You know mom used to smoke, right? Stevie thinks Ian is fucking with him.
35) 9) dialog: (watching TV) She did a lot of stuff like that. 79. Beat. Stevie is trying to figure out what Ian is trying t say. IAN (CONT’D) (not taking his eyes off the TV) She was a lot different when I was a little kid than when you were a little kid. Beat of uncomfortable silence as they both continue just staring at the TV. No idea how to talk to each other. Ian struggling to find words even harder while remaining focu on the TV. As he struggles to find what he wants to tell Stevie he ends up just making an awkward noise of finding words. Stevie feels uncomfortable. What the fuck is this conversation? Ian swallows the ember of concern he has for his brother picks up the remote and changes the channel on the TV. They both go back to their zombie TV watching faces. LONG UNCOMFORTABLE, DEAFENING SILENCE. BEAT.
40) 0) text: Ian stands in the hallway waiting for Stevie to walk by h sheepishly as he normally does. Instead, Stevie bullishly confidently walks up to Ian in the hallway without loweri his head or even acknowledging Ian being there. Ian is al in shock he doesn’t know how to react to this version of Stevie. Stevie stares him dead in his eyes. 90.
40) 1) dialog: (dead serious/scary/as concerned as he can ever be) What the fuck are you doing, Stevie? You’re fucking up. Stevie is fuming. He breathes deep sighs of anger and fin spews out...
57) 16) dialog: Can...
57) 19) dialog: (the hardest sentence he’s ever said) It’s not you. (beat) I'm fucked up, Stevie. Ian keeps his eyes focused at the furthest corner of the away from Stevie’s eyes. Beat.
57) 21) dialog: (his eyes are welled up/so quietly) Your friends seem nice. Stevie’s eyes can’t help but water up but he rapidly wipe them away. Ian looks into his jacket pocket, and reaches in. He pull out the half bottle of Drakkar Noir cologne from the open and gently places it next to Stevie’s torso on his hospit bed. He makes eye contact with Stevie for the first time a split second and exits the room. Stevie is alone. He examines the bottle of cologne and just the corner of his mouth wrinkles into a fragment of a smile. He stares at t cologne. CUT TO BLACK.