4) 0) text: Stevie rides his bike down the street, listening to his Discman, the batteries die and the song abruptly stops. H stops his bike to see if he can fix the music situation. hears the sounds of skateboard wheels rolling on concrete wood slapping on concrete and laughter and shit talking o teenagers. He turns to see what he is hearing. From across the street outside of the Ultimate skate shop Stevie sees RUBEN ALVAREZ (13, skinny Mexican kid), FUCKS (17, skinny black kid with a shaved head), FOURTH GRADE ( white kid with long hair and a flannel), JORGE SILVA, (18 handsome Mexican kid who looks like a real athlete), skat outside the shop. There is a boom box playing hip hop mus Ruben is on the ground with a bar of wax, waxing up the c The others are doing flip tricks and ollies and 180’s on sidewalk out front of the shop. The curb is done being wa and the skaters start riding up and grinding and doing bo slides on the waxed up curb. Some fall HARD onto the stre while others narrowly avoid being hit by cars. They are cracking jokes and laughing at each other’s expense the w time lovingly. Fourth Grade films them doing their tricks Stevie watches this whole scene go down. CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE WATCHING. CLOSE ON CIGARETTES BEING LIT BY SKATERS. CLOSE ON STEVIE'S EYES. Jorge lands a perfect nose blunt on the curb and lands perfectly. The crew of skaters goes nuts celebrating and slapping their boards on the ground. SLOW MOTION SHOT of the crew running up to him and celebrating his victory. Rubbing of his hair and bro-hugs continue in the slow motion celebration. Fuckshit shakes head like “that was dope” and can’t not give Jorge a poun Jorge tries to look at the playback. Fourth Grade whips t camera away.
4) 6) dialog: (embarrassed) I land ‘em on carpet every time. The crew lets out a “come on” noise.
9) 19) dialog: Yo. Stevie is pretty stunned anyone in here has acknowledged let alone talked to him.
9) 21) dialog: Do you need something?
9) 25) dialog: Two bucks. Stevie takes out his chain wallet and takes two bucks out
9) 26) dialog: What grade are you in?
9) 28) dialog: Me too. Where do you go to school? 24.
9) 30) dialog: Crenshaw. DING! Fuckshit walks into the store with a Subway Sandwic a clear Subway plastic bag. He walks by Stevie and sees t board he’s holding.
9) 33) dialog: Atight.
9) 35) dialog: Later. Stevie leaves the store. Once he is outside he has a HUGE beaming smile. They acknowledged him. EXT. MAGAZINE STAND —- LATE AFTERNOON Stevie skates up to the magazine stand. He scans the rack through the fitness mags, beauty mags, and on the bottom right finally finds the skate magazines. He grabs a copy Thrasher, Slap and Big Brother. He pays the guy and skate off. EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT Stevie practices skating obsessively. Quick cuts of him riding back and fourth on the sidewalk. Turning, zigzaggi etc. He is sweating. It’s getting later and later into th night. Dabney finally calls him in from the front door. 25.
11) 3) dialog: Fuck! 26. Ruben skates over next to Stevie, but doesn’t notice him. Stevie is subtly trying to make eye contact with the only person he’s broken ground with within the crew. Ruben pic up the bottom of his T-shirt and wipes the sweat from his eyes with it. He picks up a gallon of water from the grou and starts chugging. Late in his chug he notices Stevie sitting there. He takes the gallon away from his mouth.
11) 4) dialog: (to Stevie) Oh, what’s up fool? Stevie smiles.
11) 6) dialog: (frustrated) Skating like shit today, man.
11) 8) dialog: (a compliment is a compliment ) I’m Ruben.
11) 11) dialog: (to Stevie/in front of Jorge) Yo Stevie, go fill up this jug with water? 27.
13) 0) text: Stevie watches them skate and gathers up his courage. He takes a few deep breaths. Stevie puts the board under his left foot and rolls it ba and forth under his foot a couple times. There is somethi really rough and intense about this. Stevie puts his left foot on the board and kicks a couple times, pushing him into the middle of the parking lot in view of the crew. The crew watches him like a new young c in the animal kingdom. He GETS ON THE BOARD and coasts for a couple of feet. He does his pathetic attempt at an ollie... SLAM! Stevie CRA INTO THE CONCRETE. He is in a lot of pain and shock. We a CLOSE on his face and the gravel underneath it. The crew ERUPTS into laughter, mocking the shit out of Stevie. We stay CLOSE on Stevie. He all of the sudden LEA up to his feet. The pain of falling didn’t phase him AT A Ruben is watching. A bit worried and embarrassed for Stev QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE GRABBING HIS BOARD.
13) 3) text: Stevie pushes a couple of times and starts gliding again. is gliding for a few moments with determination on his fa and he busts another ugly attempt at an ollie and... SLAM CLOSE again on his face and the gravel underneath it. His face isn’t shocked this time. He’s okay. The crew laughs even harder this time. Stevie LEAPS UP and brushes off some dirt. He is filthy. makes eye contact with Ruben. Ruben’s expression is “what fuck are you doing?” Stevie’s not bailing. Stevie sees Fourth Grade is filming him now and the crew laughing at him. QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE GRABBING HIS BOARD.
14) 0) text: Ruben is walking fast and Stevie is following him through store.
14) 2) dialog: Come here. 29. Ruben walks him out of the store to the front of the stor where no one is skating.
15) 0) text: Ruben and Stevie stand out front of the shop with their boards.
15) 1) dialog: (in shock) Are you fucking crazy, yo?
15) 3) dialog: DUDE. That was embarrassing as shit for you, yo!
15) 5) dialog: And do you, like, not feel pain or something?
15) 7) dialog: You slammed fucking hard a TON of times and it didn’t even phase you for a second? Stevie thinks for a beat.
15) 9) dialog: You're fucking crazy, yo. (thinks ) I think what you’re trying to do, I can’t tell because that looked fucking insane to me, is an ollie. 30.
15) 11) dialog: It basically is what it’s called when you jump off the ground with your board. You can’t do any fucking tricks if you can’t ollie, yo. Ruben thinks for a moment and then picks up Stevie’s boar and places Stevie’s back wheels of his board in the crack the sidewalk.
15) 12) dialog: Get on the board. Stevie gets on the board silently.
15) 13) dialog: The wheels are in the crack so you won’t roll away and you can do this shit over and over. Like a billion times in a row. Because it’s gonna take that many before you can do it. Just keep doing it. Stevie nods his head. Ruben places his board parallel to Stevie and steps on it so Stevie can watch him.
15) 14) dialog: When you pop back on your tail, you're going to slide your front foot to the front as you jump so you pop up into the air and the board stays with you. Ruben does a perfect ollie. The board looks as if it’s st to his feet.
15) 15) dialog: You go. Stevie does the lamest looking attempt at an ollie you’ve ever seen.
15) 16) dialog: Damn, son. That was the ugliest shit I’ve ever seen in my life. Eww. Come chill for a minute. You're gonna have a fucking heart attack. 31. Stevie sits next to Ruben. He’s sweaty and out of breath. Ruben pulls out a pack of Camel Lights and a lighter. Ste is NOT used to being around people his age smoking cigare and we see it on his face. It’s quiet except for cars pas by. Ruben lights his cigarette. He offers one to Stevie.
15) 17) dialog: Here. Stevie looks fucking terrified as HELL but he doesn’t wan be seen as lame for not taking one. HE nervously takes a cigarette out of Ruben’s pack. Ruben hands him the lighte He very awkwardly lights his first cigarette. He puffs it awkwardly without inhaling, trying his best not to cough. looks VERY unnatural. Ruben chuckles.
15) 18) dialog: (chuckling) You don’t smoke do you?
15) 21) dialog: You’re funny, yo. Stevie takes a break from his cigarette and rests it on t edge of the bench.
15) 23) dialog: (thinks ) Since last year... (squinting/thinking) Maybe like eight months?
15) 25) dialog: Yeah, it’s cool. (thinking) Yeah, I do. Beat.
15) 27) dialog: (confused/upset ) What’re you gay?
15) 30) dialog: (what the FUCK) Why the fuck are you... THANKING me and shit? Stevie is freaked out and confused.
15) 32) dialog: Yeah. Don’t fuckin’... THANK people, man. That’s gay as hell, yo.
15) 34) dialog: (smoking/calming down) It’s fine. Now you know. It’s a little uncomfortably silent.
15) 35) dialog: (shaking his head/under his breath) Fuckin’ weirdo. Silence. Stevie is worried he’s blown everything. 33.
15) 36) dialog: (gotta get something off my chest) Can I tell you something?
15) 38) dialog: You gotta get a new fucking board, dude.
15) 40) dialog: YES. That shit is eighties as fuck and has a wack ass neon Velociraptor on it screaming “cowabunga”. You look retarded, yo.
15) 42) dialog: They're fucking with you, Stevie. Stevie realizes and is hurt.
15) 44) dialog: (it’s okay) It's fine. Everyone here fucks with each other non-fucking stop. You just gotta get a new board fucking fast, yo.
15) 46) dialog: Hundred twenty for a complete.
15) 48) dialog: I’1l sell you my used setup for 40 bucks. Stevie thinks this over. He may be able to swing that.
15) 50) dialog: (smiles) I’m saving up for an “Ultimate” board.
15) 52) dialog: (super proud) It’s the shop team’s board. You have to be ALLOWED to buy one. You can’t just walk in off the street and buy one. (now bragging) I just got the okay from the crew, so now once I get the money, I can get an Ultimate board. All Stevie wants in this universe is to be allowed to buy Ultimate board one day.
15) 53) dialog: So I'll sell you mine for forty bucks which is a dope ass price.
15) 56) dialog: (what the fuck) You don’t have to say that shit either. Just fuckin’ say nothing, yo. Jesus Fucking Christ. Stevie smiles. 35.
15) 58) dialog: You're fuckin’ funny, yo. Weird as hell but funny. They both laugh a little. Stevie realizes something.
15) 60) dialog: I don’t know, probably like eight?
15) 62) dialog: Aight, man. Stevie gathers himself and his board.
15) 64) dialog: (brushing it off) Nah. It’s better for me if I get home after my mom is asleep. Uncomfortable heavy silence.
15) 66) dialog: See you tomorrow? Stevie lights up! Ruben just invited him back to the shop 36.
15) 68) dialog: A'ight. Ruben reaches out for the “lazy new homie handshake”. Ste skates off smiling from ear to fucking ear.
18) 0) text: Stevie gives Ruben the forty bucks and Ruben gives him St used board. It is a new style shape, but the graphics are smeared from use and the trucks are all grinded down.
18) 1) dialog: This is a sick deal. You’re lucky you caught me at the right time.
18) 3) dialog: (to the rest of the crew) I got the money, yo! I got the money! Jorge and Fourth Grade head over to Ruben.
19) 27) dialog: You can’t lump all white people in with Fourth Grade. That’s fucked up to do to white people. The crew laughs.
19) 35) dialog: (confused himself) What the fuck was that?
21) 0) text: The crew, including Stevie, skate up to Lockwood, an elementary school and famous L.A. skate spot in a rough neighborhood (at the time). The gates are locked and the crew immediately start throw their boards over the giant fences and start climbing up hoisting each other up. Stevie looks a little freaked out has never hopped a fence before. He struggles over, awkwardly. The crew starts lining up benches and setting up picnic tables in an order to their liking. They start doing tric on the benches and picnic tables. We see shots of the crew trying tricks, talking shit and laughing. Stevie is practicing incredibly hard. He takes falls and the crew notices. After a particularly hard sla Fuckshit extends a hand to Stevie to help him up. He take it. It means a lot. Fuckshit skates off and attempts some tricks. Stevie skates over to Ruben who is drinking from big gallon of water. He offers the last bit of water to Stevie. Stevie has the last few drops and puts the jug do
21) 2) dialog: (a little sarcastic) So you’re “Sunblock” now. 47. Stevie smiles. Proud to have a nickname.
21) 4) dialog: (annoyed because he doesn’t have a nickname) I don’t fucking know. (then) Jorge doesn’t. And he’s the best skater so whatever, yo. I think it’s like better not to have one. Stevie nods his head. Did he just offend Ruben?
21) 7) dialog: ‘Cuz any time he sees a dope trick he always yells out “FUCK! SHIT! That was dope!” Stevie laughs. The boys watch Fourth Grade filming Jorge doing tricks on the picnic tables.
21) 8) dialog: I mean... they’re both fucking DOPE. (thinking) I mean they can land pretty much the same tricks, but Jorge... (smiles to himself) Jorge's just got the sickest style EVER. Stevie takes this in. A new concept for him. Style is vit TWO SHOT of Ruben and Stevie watching Fuckshit attempt a trick Jorge just landed elegantly. Fuckshit SLAMS HARD. R FLINCHES HARD. Stevie doesn’t flinch at all. The violence Fuckshit hitting the ground hard doesn’t phase Stevie at 48.
21) 9) dialog: (re: Fourth Grade) His name is “Fourth Grade” because he’s as smart as a fourth grader. Stevie laughs.
21) 11) dialog: (a little mean/jealous) I wouldn't call anyone anything yet, homie. Stevie is confused about why Ruben seems a little weird w him for some reason. Jorge skates over sweaty and out of breath. He picks up the empty gallon of water. He turns t Stevie.
21) 44) dialog: You're riding bitch, yo.
22) 2) dialog: (baffled/irritated) YO! Keep this shit to yourself, Stevie. Fuck!
22) 5) dialog: What? You know I got those looks though, son.
22) 7) dialog: I think it’s close, but I’m maybe a point higher.
22) 9) dialog: Seven. Seven and a half?
22) 11) dialog: Six. Six and a half.
22) 38) dialog: (annoyed at the comparison) Oh, come on. Stevie is so uncomfortable. He doesn’t want to argue this point.
22) 42) dialog: Oh fuck OFF.
22) 47) dialog: (laughing but nervous) You fucking STUPID, yo. Jorge and Fourth Grade are laughing. Stevie is shitting h pants. He thinks he’s ugly, but he doesn’t want to go ove Ruben’s order in the crew.
22) 52) dialog: (pissed) Shut the fuck up, yo. Ruben skates off and practices kickflips. Stevie looks up but goes back to practicing ollies.
23) 1) dialog: 
25) 0) text: DOLLY IN OVER Stevie’s shoulders REVEALING the vast outdo plaza of the West Los Angeles Courthouse. This is the street skating Garden Of Eden. The place is PACKED with over 100 SKATERS of all ages, skating the abundance of ledges, a giant drained fountain can do tricks into, stairs and a taller stage to grind or manual on for the most advanced. CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE taking it all in. He’s made it to heaven. BACK TO all of the skaters tearing it up. Stevie makes his way close to Ruben. Ruben is a little co to Stevie because of the looks conversation, but has cool off some of his anger towards him.
25) 2) dialog: The Courthouse. Stevie takes it in. He senses this place is special. It’s bursting with energy.
25) 3) dialog: Illest skate spot in LA. SHOT of skaters grinding on the ledges. SHOTS of skaters ollieing and doing flip tricks down the two sets of stair SHOTS of the way better skaters doing big tricks into the fountain. It looks scary hard. We see Jorge ollie up the stage to manual and manual the whole stage and pop off of other side. It’s remarkable to watch.
25) 5) dialog: It’s super fucking illegal to skate here. Trespassing, destruction of public property, and it’s federal property, you have to watch out for cops constantly. They do surprise raids usually once a day. And the craziest part is, the court house is ATTACHED to the police station.
25) 8) dialog: The two buildings are LITERALLY connected. CHYRON: COURTHOUSE. POLICE STATION.
25) 9) dialog: So if you hear someone yell out “5-0", you just take off running as fast as you can outta here don’t try and find the crew. Every man for himself. Meet up at Subway on Sawtelle. Understand? Stevie looks a little freaked out, but excited by the dan of it all.
25) 12) dialog: That’s where the bums hang out. They usually are pretty cool and keep to themselves. Sometimes they’1l get shit faced and cheer on the skaters, but sometimes they go nuts so you gotta watch out. If one of them offers you something to smoke, don’t fucking smoke it. It’s probably crack. Stevie’s face tells you “that is fucking terrifying.” Stevie and Ruben stand on their boards with their backs against the brick wall. They both smoke a cig. Stevie is slightly more comfortable smoking now. Stevie and Ruben clock DANIEL CASTILLO, early 20s and CHI BRENES, early 20s. Stevie’s face lights up! Ruben can’t e help his excitement.
25) 13) dialog: (trying to be cool but can’t help it) Holy shit, that’s Daniel Castillo and Chico Brenes.
25) 15) dialog: Yeah, they skate for Chocolate, yo. They're so fucking sick.
25) 17) dialog: Yeah, yo. Everyone skates here. 61. Daniel and Chico cross paths with Fuckshit and Jorge, who pick up their boards and show the pros respect. Stevie watches Jorge laugh and joke and make the pros laugh and smile. Fuckshit is more shy and puts on way less of a sho for the pros. Stevie and Ruben watch from a distance as Jorge busts a couple beautiful tricks with sick style and lands them perfectly. The pros seem impressed. They then watch Fucks try to nail the same tricks. He lands all except the last but with a lot clunkier of a style. The pros seem less impressed. Fuckshit tries that last one again and lands i The pros are into it, but not nearly as into it as they w with Jorge’s display. Fuckshit sits on one of the ledges ties his shoes a little defeated. Stevie watches Jorge be “life of the party” and continue to make the pros laugh a be entertained. Stevie sees Fuckshit skate away form Jorg and the pros, a little disheartened.
27) 0) text: Stevie bursts into Subway in a panic. The crew are all sitting down while Ruben is in line calmly ordering sandwiches. Stevie is FREAKED OUT. The crew sees him and laughs. 62.
27) 2) dialog: (with authority) Four meatball six inches. Ruben hands Stevie the money and sits with the crew at th table. Stevie happily waits in line, but it was a bit mea spirited the way Ruben said that and handed him the money Stevie watches Ruben sit with the crew while he waits in line.
28) 2) dialog: Uhh... my toilet is broken. Ruben gives Stevie a little look.
28) 4) dialog: Later.
30) 19) dialog: (interrupting) I don’t give a fuck what I do, yo. I just wanna smoke the most weed. Do the most cool shit. Fuck the hottest bitches. And have the most fun ever. All the fucking time, yo. I feel like every old person I see doesn’t give a fuck about having fun, yo. The crew laughs.
30) 22) dialog: Dope answer. The crew laughs at Stevie. That was a harsh reaction from Ruben but Stevie takes the abuse. Stevie laughs it off. B
31) 4) dialog: (to Stevie) Shut the fuck up, fag. Stevie is hurt by this. Ruben is now just being mean to h It reminds him of Ian’s treatment of him. Stevie is hurt. of nowhere STEVIE SKATES BY RUBEN!!!!! Without any fear Stevie approaches the gap and tries to ollie it!!!!! Ever in the crew reacts like “what the fuck this guy is insane Ruben looks like he is seeing the “Ghost of Friendship Pa skate by him. Stevie pops off the gap and NOWHERE NEAR MA IT to the other side! He immediately CRASHES DOWN the ten foot drop and SLAMS onto the picnic table below! Is he fucking dead?! He lays on the table motionless. The crew rushes down to see if he’s okay. Fourth Grade is filming.
31) 20) dialog: (deeply insulted) Hell no. 70. Jorge looks PISSED at Ruben for defying him.
34) 0) text: Stevie enters the shop. Ruben is at the counter. Stevie thinks and makes the decision to just walk by without acknowledging him. Ruben does the same. 74. The silence and the lack of eye contact speak volumes. St walks towards the back of the shop. He heads to Fuckshit over at the work station by himself. Fourth Grade is on the floor looking at footage on his camera. Jorge sits on the couch watching a video.
34) 14) dialog: (in MORE SHOCK)
35) 10) dialog: When do you get your car back, yo?
37) 0) text: The boys and girls have mostly paired up with one and oth Ruben and Fuckshit sit on the couch watching cartoons. Th are all high and hazy. Stevie notices Jorge take Angela i a room and how sad this makes Fuck Shit. Stevie and Estee stand by the stove in the kitchen. She i taller than him by at least seven inches. Stevie is fucked up for the first time ever. He doesn’t really know how to talk to her.
39) 0) text: The girls clock Estee and Stevie and know where they’ve b Estee veers off towards the girls in the kitchen and they giggle a bit. Stevie hears the guys outside and walks out door to go be with them. The crew laughs at Jorge’s retelling of what happened in hook up with Angela. Everyone is into the story except Fuckshit who is fuming. Jorge is so unaware that he hurt friend tonight. Stevie walks up with a smile he can’t contain. They shift their focus towards him. Except for Ruben, the all happy as fuck for Stevie and a little ready to give h hard time/are going to make him tell them everything.
42) 21) dialog: Yes. Jorge and Fuckshit chuckle.
51) 0) text: Everyone is WASTED. Stevie skates around and finishes off 40. Ruben BUMPS into him. Stevie catches himself before h falls, but this was aggressive. They’re both very drunk.
51) 1) dialog: Watch where the fuck you skating at. Stevie looks at him.
51) 3) dialog: You're my fucking problem, faggot! Kids start to notice and gather around. Fuckshit is no wh to be found. Jorge is celebrating and getting fucked up w his new friends. Fourth Grade just films.
51) 5) dialog: I would, but you’re too busy sucking Jorge's dick!
51) 8) dialog: What the fuck are you gonna do, faggot?! Ruben pushes Stevie a little harder.
51) 14) dialog: 
53) 7) dialog: (furious/embarrassed) You're a fucking piece of shit, Stevie!
53) 10) dialog: I was the only person who even fucking TALKED to you!
53) 22) dialog: (freaking out) The second Jorge and Fuckshit started talking to you, you fucking
53) 40) dialog: 
53) 50) dialog: (in pain/shock) Yeah.
57) 0) text: Dabney walks out of the room, exhausted, disheveled and holding her rumpled coffee cup. She stops in her tracks a she enters the waiting room. She sees Fuckshit, Fourth Gr and Ruben dangling off of chairs, fast asleep. They’ve sl there all night. She stares at each of their baby faces. While sleeping they seem angelic. These are just kids. Children. Dabney is overwhelmed with emotion that these b slept there all night. She understands the love these boy have for each other. She walks over to Fuckshit. He gentl wakes up. He looks deep into Dabney’s eyes without saying anything. She says nothing. They make a very emotional locking of eyes. Dabney shows warmth in her face towards for the first time. Beat. Revision 113. INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER We enter mid conversation between Stevie and Fuckshit. Fuckshit sits in the same chair next to Stevie’s hospital bed.
57) 12) dialog: (the absolute truth) No, I am. SHOT FROM BEHIND of the two boys sitting in silence. INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER We enter mid, well not conversation, more like extremely awkward silence between Fourth Grade and Stevie. They’ve probably never spoken before. They uncomfortably do their equivalents of twiddling their thumbs in the uncomfortabl silence. Fourth Grade sits in the chair next to Stevie’s hospital bed.