1) 0) text: WE WIDEN OUT and see Stevie riding his bike through the P area of Los Angeles. He has his headphones on and a mid 9 Hip Sop song plays. He is wearing an oversized white T-sh and baggy jeans. He gently nods his head to the song. We pass by liquor stores, auto body shops, taco trucks, a store called ULTIMATE that hasn’t yet opened for the day. He continues to nod his head and ride his bike when ALL O THE SUDDEN the song starts skipping on one of the song’s lyrics. It keeps repeating as Stevie pulls over and stops bike. He pulls out a beat up DISCMAN and handles it with extreme care like a priceless jewel. He is freaked out something is wrong with it. CLOSE ON DISCMAN as he shakes and hits the "play/pause" button rapidly. We hear breathi and the noise of the CD reloading and then ALL OF THE SUD the song kicks back in where it left off and Stevie is ri again, nodding his head.
2) 0) text: Stevie rides up to PALMS MIDDLE SCHOOL. He locks up his b against a chain link fence. EXT. STAIRWELL —- LUNCH Stevie sits with his two friends, RANDON, 13 (an obese wh kid) & CHRIS, 13 (rail thin white kid with braces). Revision 3. They sit in the stairwell. Stevie uses his shirt to clean Discman thoroughly. Randon and Chris playing with POGS, little circular paper discs that you stack up and hit wit metal "Slammer". The Pogs that turn over are kept by the person who threw down the "Slammer".
2) 7) dialog: Oh, are you guys hanging out tonight? Randon and Chris share an uncomfortable look.
2) 9) dialog: (sensing something is weird) Okay...
2) 11) dialog: Oh. Beat.
2) 13) dialog: (this is hard to ask/almost pathetic) Could you, like, ask her again maybe? Like, if that’s not weird? Chris doesn’t know what to say. It’s uncomfortable. Chris Stevie uncomfortably avoid eye contact.
2) 14) dialog: (very left out) Well...
3) 0) text: Stevie unlocks his bike. He breathes in five times deeply grabs the chain link fence with both hands, doubles over RAMS the top of his head into it like a bull. He SMUSHES top of his head and part of his face as hard as he can in the fence until he can’t take it anymore. He removes his but keeps his hands interlocked on the fence. He smushes head until he exhausts himself.
4) 0) text: Stevie rides his bike down the street, listening to his Discman, the batteries die and the song abruptly stops. H stops his bike to see if he can fix the music situation. hears the sounds of skateboard wheels rolling on concrete wood slapping on concrete and laughter and shit talking o teenagers. He turns to see what he is hearing. From across the street outside of the Ultimate skate shop Stevie sees RUBEN ALVAREZ (13, skinny Mexican kid), FUCKS (17, skinny black kid with a shaved head), FOURTH GRADE ( white kid with long hair and a flannel), JORGE SILVA, (18 handsome Mexican kid who looks like a real athlete), skat outside the shop. There is a boom box playing hip hop mus Ruben is on the ground with a bar of wax, waxing up the c The others are doing flip tricks and ollies and 180’s on sidewalk out front of the shop. The curb is done being wa and the skaters start riding up and grinding and doing bo slides on the waxed up curb. Some fall HARD onto the stre while others narrowly avoid being hit by cars. They are cracking jokes and laughing at each other’s expense the w time lovingly. Fourth Grade films them doing their tricks Stevie watches this whole scene go down. CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE WATCHING. CLOSE ON CIGARETTES BEING LIT BY SKATERS. CLOSE ON STEVIE'S EYES. Jorge lands a perfect nose blunt on the curb and lands perfectly. The crew of skaters goes nuts celebrating and slapping their boards on the ground. SLOW MOTION SHOT of the crew running up to him and celebrating his victory. Rubbing of his hair and bro-hugs continue in the slow motion celebration. Fuckshit shakes head like “that was dope” and can’t not give Jorge a poun Jorge tries to look at the playback. Fourth Grade whips t camera away.
4) 10) dialog: (embarrassed) Sorry.
4) 15) dialog: Oh.
4) 17) dialog: Do you think you may like him?
4) 21) dialog: (uncomfortable/distraught sigh) I don’t know.
4) 23) dialog: I don’t know. Randon And Chris are having a sleepover or whatever.
4) 25) dialog: (stopping her) No. No. Chris’ mom said only one of them could sleep over and I guess Chris chose Randon or whatever. Dabney slams her fork down.
4) 29) dialog: It’s fine.
4) 30) text: (sweetly to Stevie) It is fine. You know why? Because you and I are going to have so much more fun here than... Randon and Chris are going to have. It’s a good thing if you think about it, because we get to have an amazing night together. Stevie wants to say more about how this hurt him but, he swallows it. He eats more of his food quickly.
4) 33) dialog: (hiding pain) Yeah. We’ll have more fun together. She puts her hand on Stevie’s face.
4) 35) dialog: (very nervously trying) Hey. Ian doesn’t acknowledge Stevie. This hurts Stevie. Ian quickly picks up his plate of food and walks away.
5) 0) text: Stevie bursts into Ian’s room. He doesn’t know how much t he has. Ian’s room is an OCD wet dream. So clean and fill with a teenage obsessive collections. Ian's room is covered with east coast hip hop posters (Na O.C., Brand Nubian, Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth, Grand Puba Gang Starr, etc.) and tons and tons of CDs organized perfectly in alphabetical order. Stevie delicately inspects them like an archeologist insp a bone. He notices the names of the albums and rappers. H pulls a pen and piece of paper from his pocket and begins writing down some of the names of the rappers. Stevie brushes his hand gently over the racks of hip hop He carefully pulls one out like it’s a museum. He puts it his prized Discman. He sits Indian style on the floor wit his back to camera nodding his head to the music. He is enjoying hearing this music so much. Learning who Ian is. Learning about the world of hip hop. HOLD ON Stevie from behind nodding his head. After a long beat, Stevie hears a noise! He scrambles to the CD he is listening to back in its case. He runs out o Ian’s room and into his room. INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS He breathes heavy, almost hyperventilating. He is safe, b still needs a minute to calm down. 12.
6) 0) text: Stevie approaches a FEMALE EMPLOYEE, 20, who is standing the “Hip Hop” CD aisle.
6) 1) dialog: Excuse me.
6) 3) dialog: I need to buy a birthday gift for someone.
6) 5) dialog: He has really, really good taste in music. In hip hop.
6) 7) dialog: He probably has all the good ones already. at the list and smiles at the cute-ness of it.
6) 8) dialog: But if I could, like, get a really good one that he doesn’t have yet... that would be really cool. She looks up from the list. She has an idea. She pulls a off the rack and hands it to Stevie.
6) 10) dialog: (so excited) He doesn’t have this. I didn’t see this one. He doesn’t have it. (serious but excited) (MORE )
6) 12) dialog: Like people who know a lot about hip hop would like this? And you're sure it’s like, really cool?
6) 14) dialog: (smiling) Thank you. WIDE SHOT of Stevie in line as he pulls out his chain wal and has barely enough money for the CD.
7) 0) text: Stevie gets caught at a red light on his bike. As he wait for the light to turn green, he sees TWO TEN-YEAR-OLDS st squirting each other with Nerf Super Soaker water guns. S MOTION ON THE KIDS as they are having the time of their lives. Laughing. These kids are only two years younger, b they seem in a different stage of life than Stevie. He is snapped out of his reflection by seeing the skate c from the day before, skate by as a crew weaving in and ou cars. This looks like the coolest thing he has ever seen. They seem like such badasses, but they are all interconne even though they aren’t verbally communicating. They fly Stevie, leaving him alone. EXT/INT. STEVIE’S GARAGE - LATE AFTERNOON Stevie rummages through the messy garage. He finds what h looking for! His brother’s warped, old 1980s body skatebo The body of the skateboard is bigger, bulkier and “neon”- than the boards he saw the crew from the bodega holding a skating on. The board has a giant, neon Dinosaur screamin “cowabunga” on it. It’s cheesy as hell but to Stevie it’s beautiful. He rolls the board back and forth under his foot a few ti The concrete outside his house is smooth. He puts his foot on the board and pushes on the board sloppily with his other foot. He rides on it for a few fe then jumps off. He does the same thing again. He does the same thing... SLAM! He falls on the grass. He’s shocked, but okay. The grass kept him from really hurting himself. 14.
7) 3) dialog: (muttering to himself) Hey Ian. I’m so sorry to bother you... I saw your old skateboard in the garage. I notice that you never use it... Hi Ian. I was thinking that maybe there was a trade that could be made for something of mine that you... Oh hey Ian. I didn’t see you there. I know MY stuff sucks but... Hi Ian... Stevie breathes out nervously. He clenches his fist. He doesn’t want to blow this.
7) 4) dialog: Hey Ian. Sorry to bother you... Stevie closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - LATER LOW ANGLE SHOT FROM THE FLOOR UP TO STEVIE AND IAN. Ian a Stevie stare into camera for a long beat of silence. Stev looks incredibly nervous and is perspiring. Ian looks int into the camera, thinking hard. A SHOT OF THE SKATEBOARD FACE UP ON STEVIE’S FLOOR.
7) 6) dialog: I... I don’t have any...
7) 8) dialog: I spent it... on something...
7) 10) dialog: (very timid) Well. (beat/looking down) It’s just that... I use my Discman... all the time... or whatever... (beat/nervously looking down ) And mom got it for me for my birthday... and Christmas... or whatever...
7) 12) dialog: Wait! Wait! Ian stands back up.
7) 13) dialog: It’s the one thing in the world I can’t trade. I’m begging you. Anything else. Literally anything. Ian thinks about this. We see in Ian’s face he is going t completely fuck Stevie over on this deal.
7) 21) dialog: (regarding the gift) I got you... He barely takes two steps towards Ian’s car as...
8) 0) text: Dabney, Ian and Stevie sit at a group table at Benihana w strangers filling out the rest of the table. A YOUNG WHIT COUPLE, 30, and AN AFRICAN AMERICAN MAN, 64, and his GRANDSON, 11. The BENIHANA CHEF is doing his thing on the grill. It is quiet amongst the three of them as they watc It’s an uncomfortable dinner. Stevie has the CD he bought the table with his hand on top of it.
8) 9) dialog: I... uhh... got this. Here. Stevie hands it to Ian. Stevie’s heart is RACING, he trie not to look to eager to see Ian’s reaction. Ian grabs the present and rips open the newspaper. He qui looks at the CD and with no expression puts the CD and th trash down on the table without looking at it again. With emotion or expression, Ian makes the slightest hint of a nod to Stevie in his direction. He shows no appreciation enjoyment of the gift. Stevie is CRUSHED. He swallows it the best he can, but th stings more than anything we’ve seen sting Stevie thus fa Beat.
9) 20) dialog: Uhh... hey. Uncomfortable silence.
9) 22) dialog: Oh. Uhh... can I have this sticker? Stevie thoughtfully and carefully points.
9) 23) dialog: And that one, please? Ruben slides open the glass, grabs them and tosses them o the glass towards Stevie.
9) 24) dialog: Thanks.
9) 27) dialog: Seventh.
9) 29) dialog: Palms. (nervous ) You?
9) 32) dialog: (not getting the sarcasm) Thanks! Fuckshit has already kept walking. Ruben smiles about the interaction.
9) 34) dialog: Cool. Thanks.
10) 0) text: DING! Stevie enters the store. Unlike last time the store quiet and empty. He wanders towards the back, but no one there. As he gets towards the very back he hears noise co from outside the back door. He follows the sounds. The back door, which is half open, leads to a parking lot Partially obscured by the door, we see the crew skating. Stevie creeps outside with his board.
11) 0) text: Stevie watches the kids skate. They’re attempting and lan some cool tricks as music plays from a ghetto blaster. Stevie sits on the ground with his back against the wall his board flipped up next to him. He continues to watch t tricks and commit them to memory. He spins the wheel of h board with his hand while watching. Jorge walks by and notices Stevie’s board.
11) 2) dialog: (elated/unaware of the sarcasm) Thanks! Jorge smiles, shakes his head and skates off. Ruben attem a kickflip and lands it with one foot as Stevie watches.
11) 5) dialog: What’s up?
11) 7) dialog: (unsure what to say) Looks cool to me.
11) 9) dialog: Stevie. They give a “teenager new acquaintance lazy hand shake”. Ruben clocks Stevie’s wack 80s board. He wants to say something but he decides not to embarrass him. He just ki of smiles and shakes his head. Jorge skates over to them picks up the jug of water which is now empty.
11) 12) dialog: (with excitement) For sure! Stevie’s eyes light up. He is excited to be given a task Ruben and in some way help or be involved with the skatin He runs off with the jug with enthusiasm. INT. ULTIMATE STORE BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS Stevie is filling up the jug with water at the sink. He i smiling wide. Happy to be a part of this at all.
12) 0) text: Stevie practices the cool tricks he saw the crew doing in back parking lot by himself. QUICK FLASHES of the crew members doing their tricks intercut with Stevie’s awful misguided attempts. He slams and falls constantly trying these tricks. He can take it. He gets up. Scrapes and all
13) 0) text: Stevie watches them skate and gathers up his courage. He takes a few deep breaths. Stevie puts the board under his left foot and rolls it ba and forth under his foot a couple times. There is somethi really rough and intense about this. Stevie puts his left foot on the board and kicks a couple times, pushing him into the middle of the parking lot in view of the crew. The crew watches him like a new young c in the animal kingdom. He GETS ON THE BOARD and coasts for a couple of feet. He does his pathetic attempt at an ollie... SLAM! Stevie CRA INTO THE CONCRETE. He is in a lot of pain and shock. We a CLOSE on his face and the gravel underneath it. The crew ERUPTS into laughter, mocking the shit out of Stevie. We stay CLOSE on Stevie. He all of the sudden LEA up to his feet. The pain of falling didn’t phase him AT A Ruben is watching. A bit worried and embarrassed for Stev QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE GRABBING HIS BOARD.
13) 3) text: Stevie pushes a couple of times and starts gliding again. is gliding for a few moments with determination on his fa and he busts another ugly attempt at an ollie and... SLAM CLOSE again on his face and the gravel underneath it. His face isn’t shocked this time. He’s okay. The crew laughs even harder this time. Stevie LEAPS UP and brushes off some dirt. He is filthy. makes eye contact with Ruben. Ruben’s expression is “what fuck are you doing?” Stevie’s not bailing. Stevie sees Fourth Grade is filming him now and the crew laughing at him. QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE GRABBING HIS BOARD.
14) 0) text: Ruben is walking fast and Stevie is following him through store.
14) 1) dialog: What’s up?
15) 0) text: Ruben and Stevie stand out front of the shop with their boards.
15) 2) dialog: (worried) Did I do something wrong? Ruben thinks.
15) 4) dialog: (beating himself up) Oh. Damn.
15) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
15) 8) dialog: (genuine to Ruben) I just really want to get better. Ruben takes this in. Shakes his head. Beat.
15) 10) dialog: What’s that?
15) 19) dialog: (debating on whether to lie) Uh. I mean... not like... a lot. Ruben looks at him like “come on dude”.
15) 20) dialog: Very casually. Stevie takes another awkward puff. He tries not to cough. Smoke gets in his eyes and it’s uncomfortable. Ruben laug
15) 22) dialog: So, how long have you skated for?
15) 24) dialog: (so interested) You love it? 32.
15) 26) dialog: (sincere) Thanks for teaching me that.
15) 28) dialog: 
15) 31) dialog: (terrified) You think I’m gay because I thanked you for helping me?
15) 33) dialog: (genuine) I’m sorry. I didn’t know that.
15) 37) dialog: Yeah. Sure.
15) 39) dialog: (surprised) Really?
15) 41) dialog: (maybe you're off on this one) Are you sure? Everyone keeps complimenting me on it.
15) 43) dialog: (sad) Oh.
15) 45) dialog: Okay, I will. For sure. How much are they?
15) 47) dialog: (shocked) I don’t have that kind of money. 34.
15) 49) dialog: Don’t you need your board?
15) 51) dialog: (so curious) What’s an “Ultimate” board?
15) 54) dialog: Than.... Stevie is about to speak, but stops himself. Reconsiders.
15) 55) dialog: I was about to thank you, but I know now how gay that is.
15) 57) dialog: (smiling) Sorry. Ruben chuckles to himself.
15) 59) dialog: What time is it?
15) 61) dialog: (super nervous) Oh man. I... I gotta go, man. Stevie gets up.
15) 63) dialog: You don’t have to be home at a certain time? Ruben looks down for a beat. He stares down.
15) 65) dialog: (picks up on the trouble at home but doesn’t know what to say) Oh. Beat. Ruben looks up finally.
15) 67) dialog: (smiling like an idiot) Yeah.
16) 0) text: Stevie bursts into the gas station bathroom with his boar He immediately, and in a mad rush, heads over to the sink starts pumping excessive amounts of soap all over his arm hands, face and scrubbing it off with water. He smells hi breath and can tell it smells like smoke. He’s panicked. literally begins to wash his mouth out with soap aggressively. He continues pumping soap, lathering and washing out the soap from his mouth manically.
17) 0) text: Stevie is skating home as fast as he can. All of the sudd it starts pouring rain. He keeps skating even though it’s slippery and new to him. He has to get home. INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - FRONT ENTRANCE - MINUTES LATER We hear the keys jangling outside and the lock open. Stev BURSTS through the front door. Dabney rushes from the kit to greet him.
17) 2) dialog: I’m so sorry, I lost track of time, I’m so sorry it won’t happen again. Sorry. Dabney is confused.
17) 4) dialog: (sigh of relief) Oh. Great. 37. Dabney is puzzled and amused. Stevie is worried she will smell smoke. He takes off to his room.
17) 5) dialog: (running) I’m gonna put on dry clothes. INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS Stevie bursts through the door and slams it shut behind h He takes off his shirt and dries himself off with it. He looks at his board and shakes his head.
17) 6) dialog: (to himself) So lame. He looks out the window and it’s pouring. He looks back a his board. He wants to skate more, but it’s pouring. He p his board on the carpet and stands on it. He practices so ollies on the carpet. He doesn’t notice how loud the soun inside the house. He does a few more. Dabney BURSTS through Stevie’s door! It scares the shit o of him. She is scared also.
17) 9) dialog: Practicing. She laughs. It’s cute. She throws herself on his bed on h stomach with her head at the foot of the bed facing Stevi It’s an invasion of Stevie’s space. He is annoyed by it b swallows it. He sits in his desk chair.
17) 11) dialog: Sorry. I would have practiced outside but it’s pouring. She thinks for a moment. 38.
17) 13) dialog: (half smiling) Yeah. (then) Actually, there’s something I wanted to talk to you about.
17) 15) dialog: (deep breath) I wanted to... ask you... for money for a new board.
17) 17) dialog: The thing is. It’s not. I know that seems weird to you, but it’s like, from the eighties and it has like a neon dinosaur and says “cowabunga” and stuff on it.
17) 19) dialog: It’s like... not a cool board. I need one of the “cool” brands or whatever.
17) 21) dialog: Please Mom?
17) 23) dialog: Mom, I’m begging you. Please? Please? I’m begging you. I’m gonna be a joke.
17) 27) dialog: I can’t. Sorry. I have to practice. Dabney is hurt and confused.
17) 29) dialog: (upset) I'll survive.
17) 31) dialog: (under his breath but she can hear) You’1l survive. Dabney is hurt. Stevie leaves the room without wearing a shirt still and shuts the door. EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - 2 HOURS LATER It is pouring and Stevie is shirtless, practicing his oll angrily and with determination. Over and over. He is soak He falls some of the times, but continues and practices m He looks at the window of Dabney’s bedroom. He can see he watching “Defending Your Life” by herself. She seems worr and lonely. Stevie takes this in and feels guilty. He wat for a moment and debates going inside. He does. We stay o Dabney’s bedroom from outside in the rain and HOLD for a moments. After a bit, we see Stevie enter her bedroom and sit on the floor in front of her bed in his usual spot. T say nothing. They both just silently watch. She cracks a slight smile, relieved the fight is over. INT. DABNEY’S BEDROOM - THE NEXT DAY We are over Ian and Stevie’s shoulders as they look at Dabney’s dresser drawer next to her bed. Dabney is out of house. It’s silent. Finally...
17) 32) dialog: (scared) I don’t know...
17) 34) dialog: This...doesn’t feel right...
17) 37) dialog: Fine! Fine! Stevie is upset with himself for doing this, but has no o choice. He knows this is very wrong. He opens the door an VERY CAREFULLY grabs eighty dollars in cash from Dabney’s money stash. He closes the drawer shut and looks like he might start crying. Ian grabs his forty bucks and leaves room. HOLD ON Stevie looking incredibly guilty. He looks his forty bucks. He catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror. His eyes glass up again. He’s mad at himself for doing this. He spits at the mirror onto the reflection of face. He looks at himself in the mirror with shame. Beat.
18) 0) text: Stevie gives Ruben the forty bucks and Ruben gives him St used board. It is a new style shape, but the graphics are smeared from use and the trucks are all grinded down.
18) 2) dialog: (so thrilled) Thank... (rapidly changing his words ) I... do... not... appreciate... this? Stevie and Ruben share a laugh. Stevie looks at his “new” board like it’s the Mona Lisa.
19) 0) text: The whole crew is in the couch area of the shop watching Kareem Campbell’s World Industries’ “New World Order” ska video and talking to each other. Stevie sits on the floor admiring his new treasure. He ha not yet earned a place on the couch. He is able to listen on the conversations, but is not included in them.
19) 31) dialog: (dry/now or never) What are black people? BEAT. What is their reaction going to be. Stevie is freaking ou BEAT. Fuckshit breaks the silence and gives a VERY SLIGHT laugh. Almost silent. The others let out very minor laugh well. They’re not cracking up by any means, but their bar audible chuckles are the nicest we’ve seen them be to an outsider. Stevie is insanely relieved. The crew goes back to watchi the video. On the television, Kareem Campbell does a GIAN 360 Ollie over a massive gap as his last trick in the vid section.
19) 36) dialog: (so happy/confused) I don’t know!
20) 0) text: The crew skates through the streets of L.A. dodging cars SLOW MOTION. Stevie is doing his best, but struggling to up. This is hard and beyond his skill level but he is ina pack. A feeling he has never felt before. A pretty fuckin good one.
21) 0) text: The crew, including Stevie, skate up to Lockwood, an elementary school and famous L.A. skate spot in a rough neighborhood (at the time). The gates are locked and the crew immediately start throw their boards over the giant fences and start climbing up hoisting each other up. Stevie looks a little freaked out has never hopped a fence before. He struggles over, awkwardly. The crew starts lining up benches and setting up picnic tables in an order to their liking. They start doing tric on the benches and picnic tables. We see shots of the crew trying tricks, talking shit and laughing. Stevie is practicing incredibly hard. He takes falls and the crew notices. After a particularly hard sla Fuckshit extends a hand to Stevie to help him up. He take it. It means a lot. Fuckshit skates off and attempts some tricks. Stevie skates over to Ruben who is drinking from big gallon of water. He offers the last bit of water to Stevie. Stevie has the last few drops and puts the jug do
21) 1) dialog: Thank y... (very quickly) I mean... nothing. Ruben shakes his head.
21) 3) dialog: (genuine) How come some people have nicknames and some don’t?
21) 5) dialog: Yeah. Jorge is the best and he doesn’t have one. That’s cooler for sure. Stevie looks at Fuckshit skating.
21) 6) dialog: Why do they call him Fuckshit?
21) 10) dialog: (nervous ) Am I allowed to call him that?
21) 13) dialog: (happy) For sure. Ruben is ELATED he wasn’t asked for the first time ever. gives Stevie the nod to go do it. Stevie is ELATED that J remembered his nickname and asked him to do something for crew. Stevie skates off with the empty gallon to fill it at the water fountain. INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT Stevie sleeps in his bed with his new board next to him. hear various “skate sounds”. Wheels rolling on concrete, tails slapping against concrete. These sounds swell into symphony of skate sounds. INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - THE NEXT MORNING Stevie walks into the kitchen. Dabney is cooking eggs. He looks at the clock on the wall. He grabs a Capri Sun from fridge and takes it down in seconds. He is in a rush.
21) 16) dialog: I gotta go, mom. I’m sorry I’m late.
21) 18) dialog: Uhh... I’m meeting some people to go skate.
21) 21) dialog: (impatient) Yeah.
21) 23) dialog: (thinking) Umm... maybe he didn’t get the message?
21) 25) dialog: Yeah. I don’t know. Beat.
21) 31) dialog: (terrified) I didn’t. I swear.
21) 39) dialog: (seeing his opportunity) I’m sorry, I have to go. Sorry. Stevie runs out of the room. 51. EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Stevie rushes out of his house. He is worried about being late for something. He skates around the corner from his house. He reaches a house and waits outside of it on the sidewalk. He paces around waiting. He looks around suspiciously. Finally, a 1990 Mitsubishi Montero SUV pull to the house Stevie is waiting in front of. Fuckshit is driving and Jorge is riding shot gun. Fourth Grade and Ru are in the back seat.
21) 42) dialog: Uhh... our toilet is... broken.
21) 45) dialog: Cool. Stevie is about to get in when all of the sudden, an OLD ASIAN WOMAN leaves the front door of his house and walks towards the sidewalk to her car. The crew looks confused. does she. Stevie looks panicked.
21) 46) dialog: (panicked to Asian woman) Bye! Have a great day!
22) 1) dialog: (whispering to Ruben) I’ve never been in a car without someone’s mom or dad or whatever. This is AWESOME.
22) 3) dialog: (so excited) Sorry. Sorry. The crew smoke cigarettes and blast music as they drive. EXT. ARCO HANDRAILS —- DOWNTOWN LA - LATER THAT DAY Jorge busts amazing tricks down the stairs at the spot. Fuckshit does some slightly lesser tricks but still impressive down the stairs. Fourth Grade is filming Fucks and Jorge. Stevie watches Fuckshit watch Jorge land an amazing trick. Stevie clocks this making Fuckshit quietly resentful. Ruben is landing kick flips more and more and they're getting cleaner. Stevie is practicing his ollies intensely and getting CLOSER to landing one. EXT. ARCO HANDRAILS — DOWNTOWN LA - LATER The crew and Stevie sit on the stairs smoking cigarettes drinking from gallon waters. They’re mid argument.
22) 43) dialog: (let's change subjects) Ruben is a lot higher number than me. I’m like a one. Ruben likes and respects Stevie putting himself below him the food chain. A HOMELESS MAN, 40s, is wandering through trash can near the crew. 56.
22) 51) dialog: I think you’re way better looking than I am...
25) 0) text: DOLLY IN OVER Stevie’s shoulders REVEALING the vast outdo plaza of the West Los Angeles Courthouse. This is the street skating Garden Of Eden. The place is PACKED with over 100 SKATERS of all ages, skating the abundance of ledges, a giant drained fountain can do tricks into, stairs and a taller stage to grind or manual on for the most advanced. CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE taking it all in. He’s made it to heaven. BACK TO all of the skaters tearing it up. Stevie makes his way close to Ruben. Ruben is a little co to Stevie because of the looks conversation, but has cool off some of his anger towards him.
25) 1) dialog: (with wonder) What is this place? 59.
25) 4) dialog: It’s an actual Courthouse?
25) 10) dialog: Yeah. 60. We see around 30 HOMELESS MEN, all ages, on the upper dec the courthouse at picnic tables looking down on all the skating, playing checkers, drinking from paper bag covere beer cans. Two of the men appear to be in a pretty ugly argument that looks like it’s about to become physical.
25) 11) dialog: (re: homeless guys) What’s up there?
25) 14) dialog: Whoa! I know who they are! I saw them in Thrasher!
25) 16) dialog: (shocked) They skate here? Like where you guys skate?
26) 0) text: Stevie is running. He is alone, scared and unsure of his fate. He’s sees the SUBWAY!!!!
27) 0) text: Stevie bursts into Subway in a panic. The crew are all sitting down while Ruben is in line calmly ordering sandwiches. Stevie is FREAKED OUT. The crew sees him and laughs. 62.
29) 0) text: Stevie is shoveling food into his mouth rapidly as Dabney watches with a disgusted look on her face.
29) 2) dialog: (with a mouth full of food) Sorry.
29) 4) dialog: 
30) 21) dialog: (genuine but matter of fact) I don’t know. The crew doesn’t know how to react.
30) 23) dialog: (dry/with The most confidence we've seen from him) Maybe find cooler friends to hang out with. HOLY SHIT STEVIE MADE A JOKE!!! Beat. Everyone except Rub laughs. Ruben looks away not giving him props for his jok Everyone thinks about the conversation for a silent momen
31) 3) dialog: (genuine/quietly) You got this, man. Ruben shoots daggers at Stevie.
31) 15) dialog: Yeah. I’m cool. I’m cool. The crew minus Ruben cheer him on! They hoot and holler!
32) 0) text: Stevie sits in a chair shirtless as Dabney carefully clea the wound on his head.
32) 2) dialog: (please listen) Mom.
32) 4) dialog: (respectful but passionate) Mom. Please listen to me. Please. Dabney holds her angry words for a moment.
32) 5) dialog: Mom. This is what I love. I love it. I love it more than anything.
32) 7) dialog: (doesn’t even know how to argue that one) I... what?! (fired up) That is... such a weird thing to compare that to...
32) 9) dialog: I CAN’T STOP!
32) 13) dialog: (incredibly passionately yelling back) I KNOW! I KNOW THAT! I’M SORRY! I’M
32) 15) dialog: (calming himself) I love you. But I can’t... (chooses his words very carefully) I won’t let you take this away from me. Stevie takes a deep breath. He’s calm. Stevie has never s up for himself like this before. Both he and Dabney are shocked. Dabney realizes he won’t back down from this one She thinks for a beat.
32) 19) dialog: They're my friends. Stevie gets up from the chair.
32) 20) dialog: (calmly/sweetly) I can’t stop. 73. Stevie gives her a hug for a moment and then leaves the kitchen. INT. STEVIE’S ROOM - MINUTES LATER Stevie examines his broken board. What is he gonna do? He puts the broken board back down and walks up to his mirro He examines the bloody wound on his head. It isn’t going kill him, but it’s ugly and hurts. He tries to touch it b it stings. QUICK FLASHES of the crew giving Stevie props while he bleeds from his head. Stevie tries to touch the wound again. ANOTHER QUICK FLASH of the crew celebrating reckless wound. He stares at himself in the mirror. He se proud of his wound and in pain at the same time.
33) 0) text: Stevie hands Ian his Discman as Ian hands Stevie twenty bucks.
33) 2) dialog: (definitely) Yes. Ian looks at Stevie in a weird way. Why isn’t Stevie upse about giving up his Discman? His usual dickish expression turns more to puzzled and possibly even a SLIVER of conce
33) 4) dialog: (more definite) Yes. Stevie leaves Ian’s room with the money. We se on his fac doesn’t miss his Discman. That’s the past.
34) 0) text: Stevie enters the shop. Ruben is at the counter. Stevie thinks and makes the decision to just walk by without acknowledging him. Ruben does the same. 74. The silence and the lack of eye contact speak volumes. St walks towards the back of the shop. He heads to Fuckshit over at the work station by himself. Fourth Grade is on the floor looking at footage on his camera. Jorge sits on the couch watching a video.
34) 3) dialog: It’s fine.
34) 5) dialog: My board broke, though. Stevie looks down. Bummed.
34) 7) dialog: (in SHOCK)
34) 10) dialog: (elation turning to sorrow) Yeah... I was able to get twenty bucks. I know that’s not even close to enough... 75.
34) 12) dialog: (in SHOCK)
34) 18) dialog: (to Fuckshit in disbelief)
34) 21) dialog: Am I allowed to thank you for this?
34) 23) dialog: Am I allowed to thank you for this? I want to, but I don’t want you to think I’m gay? 76.
34) 25) dialog: I really appreciate it, but I’m not gay or whatever.
34) 27) dialog: (embarrassed) Oh... I... thank you. Fuckshit is Stevie’s new hero in life. He is now a G-d to Stevie.
34) 28) dialog: (so genuine) Thank you so much, Fuckshit.
35) 0) text: Stevie bursts out the back. He jumps around celebrating w just happened. He has never been so happy in all of his l He admires his new treasure and almost squeals with excitement. Joy. Beautiful, pure, joy. FADE OUT.
35) 3) dialog: (not sure what this is about) I’m holding them for my friend. Ian can’t figure out the words he wants to say. We see hi struggling to find something to say in the form of brothe advice or concern. Ian stays looking at the TV.
35) 5) dialog: I uhh... I’m holding them for a friend. Beat. Stevie gets a bit nervous.
35) 6) dialog: You’re not gonna tell mom I have them? Ian thinks for a beat. He has a hard time finding words.
35) 8) dialog: What?
36) 0) text: The Crew and Stevie sit on the public bus in the harsh florescent lighting. Laughing and joking around. They hav taken over the back of the bus. Jorge and Fourth Grade write graffiti with paint pens on back seats of the bus. Fuckshit is scraping the word “Ultimate” into the back of seat in front of him with his house key.
36) 8) dialog: Is it dangerous? 81.
36) 10) dialog: (nervous ) Uh. Is it, like, bad for you?
37) 0) text: The boys and girls have mostly paired up with one and oth Ruben and Fuckshit sit on the couch watching cartoons. Th are all high and hazy. Stevie notices Jorge take Angela i a room and how sad this makes Fuck Shit. Stevie and Estee stand by the stove in the kitchen. She i taller than him by at least seven inches. Stevie is fucked up for the first time ever. He doesn’t really know how to talk to her.
37) 2) dialog: (looking down) Yeah. It’s cool. I fucking hate it actually. She laughs and so does he.
37) 3) dialog: School is the worst shit ever.
37) 8) dialog: Ruben and I used to be homies, but he hates me now I think.
37) 10) dialog: I don’t know. Maybe ‘cuz Fuckshit likes me more now I think. Stevie thinks about this.
37) 11) dialog: Jorge is so cool. He’s like, the coolest fucking person. But he probably doesn’t think I’m that cool. Like he probably doesn’t want to be best friends or whatever. She smiles at how cute Stevie is.
37) 13) dialog: Uh...
37) 15) dialog: Thank you. You’re nice too.
37) 18) dialog: Yeah. Estee looks at Stevie skeptically but with a sly smile. S pretty sure he’s full of shit. She grabs his hand and leads him away... Through the living room, where Fuckshit is watching the cartoon show “Doug” on the TV. Fuckshit and Ruben clock E leading Stevie...
38) 0) text: Stevie and Estee sit on the bed with the lights off. Only moonlight shows us anything. Stevie is crazy nervous. After a long silence, Estee leans in and kisses Stevie. T start making out... not in a movie way, but just a long e teenage make out. No music, just sounds of making out. After an uncomfortably long time, she stops kissing him. takes off her shirt and bra. She takes her pants off. She takes his hand and very slowly moves it up her leg. She guides Stevie’s hand up her thigh and into her underwear. She moves Stevie’s hand around. After a few moments of searching we see his face turn to surprise/confusion/shoc but he is hiding it well. She then takes Stevie’s pants o She puts her hand in his crotch. 85. We show whatever is legally possible to show and try and this as authentic as possible to convey the awkwardness a discomfort of teenage sexuality. CLOSE UP ON THEIR FACES for an uncomfortably long time.
39) 0) text: The girls clock Estee and Stevie and know where they’ve b Estee veers off towards the girls in the kitchen and they giggle a bit. Stevie hears the guys outside and walks out door to go be with them. The crew laughs at Jorge’s retelling of what happened in hook up with Angela. Everyone is into the story except Fuckshit who is fuming. Jorge is so unaware that he hurt friend tonight. Stevie walks up with a smile he can’t contain. They shift their focus towards him. Except for Ruben, the all happy as fuck for Stevie and a little ready to give h hard time/are going to make him tell them everything.
39) 3) dialog: (mind blown) She put two of my fingers in her vagina. WHIP PAN back to the Crew.
39) 6) dialog: It’s like, so much further DOWN than I always thought. It’s so low. WHIP PAN to the Crew. They explode with laughter. WHIP PAN to Fourth Grade.
39) 9) dialog: (so happy) She touched my dick. Like, a lot. WHIP PAN back to the crew. They are giving him props.
39) 11) dialog: (so genuine/wasted) I'd like to have that happen more.
39) 22) dialog: What?
39) 24) dialog: (smiling) Yeah.
39) 26) dialog: I fucking love this shit?
39) 28) dialog: (screams ) I fucking love this shit!
39) 30) dialog: 
39) 34) text: Jorge and Stevie laugh.
39) 35) dialog: 
39) 40) dialog: 
40) 0) text: Ian stands in the hallway waiting for Stevie to walk by h sheepishly as he normally does. Instead, Stevie bullishly confidently walks up to Ian in the hallway without loweri his head or even acknowledging Ian being there. Ian is al in shock he doesn’t know how to react to this version of Stevie. Stevie stares him dead in his eyes. 90.
40) 2) dialog: (filled with rage)
41) 0) text: CLOSE UP OF DABNEY’S HAND ON THE BACK OF STEVIE’S NECK FORCING HIM INTO THE SHOP.
41) 1) dialog: 
42) 0) text: DING! Dabney BURSTS into the store with her hand on Stevi neck. The crew all looks up like “what is going on here?” Dabney drags Stevie over to the work station where Fucksh is reading a magazine.
42) 32) dialog: 
43) 0) text: Stevie is FUMING as is Dabney.
43) 1) dialog: 
43) 5) dialog: 
43) 10) dialog: 
43) 16) dialog: JUST NOT WHEN THEY’RE HANGING OUT
43) 20) dialog: 
43) 23) dialog: (so hurt. He’s done with her) What you just did to me...in there... (MORE)
43) 25) dialog: (swallows his tears) I can’t be around you. He can’t not hate her in this moment. Beat.
43) 27) dialog: I finally made some friends that aren’t MY MOM. Your best friend is a twelve-year-old. You think I give a shit about your dates?! (Dabney is really wounded) It’s pathetic. (with hate and tears in his eyes) I got a LIFE. You need to get one too. Dabney is crushed. Beat.
44) 0) text: With an intense and angered look on his face, Stevie does ollie after ollie. He now landing 90 percent of them. It impressive and obsessive. He is drenched in sweat. Fuckshit walks out back and lights up a cigarette. Stevie doesn’t even notice. He just keeps ollieing. CLOSE UP on Stevie’s intense face. CLOSE UP on Fuckshit noticing this and smoking.
44) 6) dialog: I can’t take this shit sometimes. Fuckshit nods his head for a second.
44) 8) dialog: Just shit. Fuckshit takes it in. Figuring out what to say.
45) 0) text: Emotionally tonal music plays as we see shots of Stevie a Fuckshit skating the courthouse at night. There is an aggression, beauty and a therapeutic nature to their skat They are sweating and skating into the wee hours of the night. Fuckshit is asleep on one of the ledges in the middle of night. Stevie looks up at a HOMELESS MAN, 50, sitting on the Upp Deck drinking out of a bottle of liquor at a picnic table himself. Stevie stares at him. Stevie approaches him and sits at the table with him. The Homeless man barely looks up at Stevie and breathes heavy Stevie puts two dollars on the table and slides over to h
45) 1) dialog: Can I have some? The homeless man passes him the bottle. Stevie takes thre BIG SWIGS.
46) 0) text: Stevie skates around while swigging from the bottle of alcohol. He is clearly fucked up.
47) 0) text: Stevie is asleep on one of the ledges near Fuckshit as th sun comes up. Stevie’s board is next to him as is the now empty bottle of alcohol.
49) 0) text: Stevie walks into the bathroom and sees Jorge meticulousl grooming himself in the mirror. He slicks back his hair a makes sure his outfit looks absolutely perfectly “messy”. Every tear in his Dickies or rolled up sleeve is incredib thought out and deliberate. He notices Stevie walk in, bu doesn’t have a shred of shame or embarrassment about his grooming ritual.
49) 2) dialog: (happy to be greeted by his hero so warmly) What up, JORGE! 101. Jorge reaches out for a fist bump with one hand, and pick an almost empty 40 ounce off the sink. He takes a few swi and hands it to Stevie.
49) 6) dialog: (lights up) For real?
49) 8) dialog: (in awe) You got this.
49) 10) dialog: So dope. Jorge fake wrestles with Stevie as they crash out of the bathroom door.
50) 0) text: Stevie is following Jorge around like a puppy as Jorge wo the room. Stevie is working the room, emulating Jorge bes can.
50) 2) text: Jorge is now busting tricks and landing everything clean hell. Stevie is following him around busting his little tricks he can do. Little ollies. 180s. He’s gotten better Stevie clocks the Chocolate pros, Daniel and Chico, that Jorge was hanging with at the courthouse watching Jorge skate. They seem really impressed. Stevie sees Jorge clock the pros and head over to them. Stevie watches Jorge and the pros bro-hug and exchange laughs. Stevie watches for a moment and then we see him make the decision to approach Jorge and the pros. Jorge introduces Stevie to the pros like his little buddy.
50) 5) dialog: (making fun of himself) That's right. I’m the Ultimate bitch. Stevie does a mock curtsy. The pros and Jorge laugh. Stev laughs along with them, but it’s painful to watch him deg himself for them. Stevie sees Fuckshit across the lot clocking Stevie doing dancing monkey act for the pros. Fuckshit looks subtly disappointed in him.
50) 7) dialog: (braving a smile) For sure. Stevie walks away. We see his fake smile turn to a painfu expression. 103.
51) 0) text: Everyone is WASTED. Stevie skates around and finishes off 40. Ruben BUMPS into him. Stevie catches himself before h falls, but this was aggressive. They’re both very drunk.
51) 2) dialog: What is your problem, man?
51) 4) dialog: Fuck you.
51) 6) dialog: Why don’t you go get me a forty since you’re the store bitch! Ruben pushes Stevie.
51) 7) dialog: Don't fucking touch me.
51) 9) dialog: I swear you touch me again and I'1l beat your ass like your fucking MOM does! Ruben PUSHES Stevie HARD. Stevie CRASHES DOWN! The crowd excited for a fight. Flash of Ian beating on Stevie from opening. Stevie LEAPS UP and starts BEATING THE SHIT OUT RUBEN! !!! It is VIOLENT and really UGLY. 104. Stevie sees FLASHES of Ian beating him in the opening. Ruben’s face is bleeding and Stevie just is blind with ra Punching and punching. His hand is bleeding. His eyes are filled with tears. More FLASHES of Ian punching Stevie in the face in the kitchen. Ruben is bloody as hell. Stevie keeps beating. Finally, Fuckshit PULLS Stevie off of Ruben!
52) 0) text: The BBQ is almost empty. Fuckshit and Fourth Grade clean the back parking lot. Stevie sits by himself on the groun getting really fucked up, drinking a 40. He is really sha by what went down earlier. Fuckshit and Fourth Grade go o to Stevie.
53) 4) dialog: (to himself really freaked out/drunk/teary eyed) That was really bad. Jorge turns around recklessly to talk to Fuckshit.
53) 11) dialog: (fully in tears to himself) I shouldn't have fucking done that. Stevie sees more flashes of him beating Ruben and Ian bea him.
53) 24) dialog: (to himself/crying) What the fuck did I do?!
53) 43) dialog: (freaking out)
53) 52) text: Sunblock is... Sunblock is fucked up... 110. CLOSE UP on Stevie as he lays there breathing silently wi his eyes open. We HOLD ON Stevie for an uncomfortably lon time in silence except for the clicking of the blinker. V haunting and simple music is now all we hear as we hold o Stevie’s face even longer.
54) 0) text: We still only hear the haunting and simple music as TWO AMBULANCE GUYS, mid 20s, come CRASHING through the automa doors of the Emergency Room wheeling Stevie in on a gurne Stevie has some cuts on his face and we see a massive blo white bandages around his right arm. He looks beyond out it. Stevie is in shock.
55) 0) text: TWO DOCTORS, 40s, stand over Stevie having a hurried discussion. The song fades out. STEVIE’S POV: of the Two Doctors standing over him. (it l like there’s Vaseline on the lense to create Stevie’s haz view.)
56) 0) text: The doctors do a skin graft from Stevie’s right leg and g the skin to his right arm. His right arm is torn apart an see the bone. FADE OUT.
56) 2) text: INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - THE NEXT MORNING Dabney is folding Stevie’s Ultimate sweatshirt he was wea during the crash. The right arm is completely shredded. S looks at the damage of the sweatshirt. She continues to f it to keep it for him. Stevie slowly opens his eyes. His arm is bandaged up post surgery. Dabney sits next to the bed in a chair. Dabney a Stevie look into each others eyes. Silent beat.
56) 5) dialog: This feels so weird. (beat) I’m in the hospital. All hurt. And it feels like you should feel bad for me, but you’re so scared and... mad at me. It makes me... sad... that I am making you feel this way. Beat. Dabney takes this in.
56) 9) dialog: I’m not trying to scare you because I’m scared to. Dabney tears up. Long Beat.
56) 12) dialog: (really quiet) I just am not sure if I’m a good person. They both sit in silence. She puts her hand on his face. Beat.
57) 0) text: Dabney walks out of the room, exhausted, disheveled and holding her rumpled coffee cup. She stops in her tracks a she enters the waiting room. She sees Fuckshit, Fourth Gr and Ruben dangling off of chairs, fast asleep. They’ve sl there all night. She stares at each of their baby faces. While sleeping they seem angelic. These are just kids. Children. Dabney is overwhelmed with emotion that these b slept there all night. She understands the love these boy have for each other. She walks over to Fuckshit. He gentl wakes up. He looks deep into Dabney’s eyes without saying anything. She says nothing. They make a very emotional locking of eyes. Dabney shows warmth in her face towards for the first time. Beat. Revision 113. INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER We enter mid conversation between Stevie and Fuckshit. Fuckshit sits in the same chair next to Stevie’s hospital bed.
57) 1) dialog: Is Jorge in a lot of trouble? His fight with Jorge still stings, but Fuckshit feels rea bad for him at the same time.
57) 4) dialog: (little laugh) They took a picture. Stevie shows him the photo of his mangled arm with the bo sticking out. Fuckshit SCREAMS.
57) 8) dialog: (emotional) Me too. Fuckshit extends his hand for a bro handshake with Stevie Stevie takes his good arm and weakly extends it back. The bro-shake carefully and thoughtfully. Beat. Revision 114.
57) 10) dialog: (really thoughtfully) I don’t think I need to that anymore. They both think about this. Beat. INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER Ruben sits in the chair next to Stevie’s bed. You can fee the heavy silence how bad both these kids feel about how treated one and other. Long beat.
57) 11) dialog: (heavily sincere) I’m sorry. Beat.
57) 13) dialog: So... Uncomfortable beat of silence.
57) 14) dialog: You know, Fourth Grade, I really don’t know you that well. 115. Stevie smiles realizing the truth. Fourth Grade takes thi and thinks deeply about it. After a long beat of thinking looks at Stevie in the eyes and gives a thoughtful respon
57) 17) dialog: Yeah. Revision 116. Ian sits in the chair next to Stevie’s bed in the heavies silence we've felt so far since we’ve met Stevie. This silence feels like it’s lasting forever.
57) 18) dialog: (the hardest question he’s ever asked) Why don’t you want to be my brother? This shreds Ian like a blade. Ian looks off to the farthe corner of the room with his eyes to avoid Stevie’s eyes. takes a deep, staggered breath. Long beat.
57) 20) dialog: There’s no one I like more than you. Beat. Ian’s eyes don’t well up with tears, but if they co they would. Ian doesn’t say anything. He just gets up and begins to l the room while looking down the whole time. He stops by Stevie’s bed.