4) 23) dialog: How was work today?
4) 25) dialog: I've decided to make a few changes at the clinic. I’m going to get it painted, buy a new sofa. I’m thinking of doing it now before my receptionist goes on leave. Did I tell you she’s pregnant?
4) 27) dialog: Yes. She finally succeeded. She’s thrilled. (Looking at her son.) Look at you, all hunched over. You'll strain your back like that, how many times do I have to tell you? And your hair is practically trailing in your food.
4) 32) dialog: I like his hair long. He has lovely hair.
5) 0) text: Anna is sitting in front of the mirror, removing her make Steven is lying in bed in his pyjamas, looking at somethi on his phone. The room is dimly lit.
5) 1) dialog: I bought that dress you liked. I can wear it tomorrow. I can’t show it to you now, it needed some alterations. I’m picking it up tomorrow.
5) 3) dialog: It was the black one you liked, wasn’t it?
5) 5) dialog: I’m worried it’s a bit too short. I'd like it better if it was below the knee.
5) 7) dialog: Let me think, yes, of all the cardiologists in the world, there's no doubt at all, you are most definitely the biggest flatterer of them all.
5) 9) dialog: No, that’s not a problem. And that’s why tomorrow I’m going to bake a lemon cake and nobody’s going to eat any of it, but you.
5) 11) dialog: Not even the kids. Did I tell you about my receptionist?
5) 13) dialog: If Kim was a bit more dependable, she could help arrange the appointments at the clinic until Christina gets back.
5) 15) dialog: I don’t know. I hope so. Did I tell you, Bob announced me the other day he wants to be an ophthalmologist.
5) 17) dialog: No. They carry on kissing with the lights on. Anna pulls Stev pyjama bottoms off.
6) 33) dialog: We've got to go.
6) 35) dialog: I’ve watered them already. Come on, we're going to be late.
7) 6) dialog: Okay.
8) 0) text: Steven is talking to Anna, Matthew and an ELDERLY MAN, wh holding a flamboyant cocktail.
8) 4) dialog: He hasn’t had a drink in three years. High GGT and elevated transaminases.
8) 8) dialog: I think we should go soon.
8) 10) dialog: He’s got surgery in the morning and he needs to get some sleep.
8) 14) dialog: They're doing very well. Bob started piano lessons and the teacher says he’s really talented. Now we need to buy him one so that he can practise at home, but I haven’t got round to it. I’m renovating the clinic. I’m on the phone all day.
8) 19) dialog: You’1l have to come over for dinner one night. You really shouldn't stay late either. Just drink that cocktail you ordered and get yourself home. You have to be at the hospital in six hours. Shall we go, darling?
10) 0) text: Martin enters the front garden of Steven’s house. He is carrying a bunch of flowers and a plastic bag. He rings t doorbell. Anna opens the front door.
10) 1) dialog: Good afternoon. You must be Martin.
10) 3) dialog: Thank you very much, Martin. Come on in.
11) 0) text: Martin goes out into the back garden with Anna. Steven wa over to greet him.
11) 6) dialog: Thank you.
11) 9) dialog: What lovely key rings. Now let’s get a move on and eat before the food gets cold. Are you hungry, Martin?
13) 0) text: Martin is sitting on the sofa. Kim sits next to him. Anna opposite them, is serving lemonade. On the table is a pla with some carrot cake. The dog is staring at the cake. Bo still has his headphones on.
13) 2) dialog: Yes.
13) 14) dialog: Of course you can. What about you guys?
13) 16) dialog: What a charming boy.
13) 18) dialog: Yes, very. How did his father die?
13) 20) dialog: You should tell him to come round again. The doctor’s mobile phone rings. He ignores it.
13) 22) dialog: Darling, you should get that. It might be the hospital. Steven answers his phone. It’s Martin. Steven gets up and leaves the room.
20) 3) dialog: Where were you?
21) 0) text: Martin is standing on the pavement opposite Steven’s hous He watches the house with a blank expression that betrays emotion. He is holding a helmet under his arm. His friend motorbike is parked beside him. It’s a red HONDA CRF. The light in the living room goes off. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- MORNING Steven, Anna and Kim are having breakfast. Bob is not the Steven seems agitated.
21) 2) dialog: “Good evening. I’d like to make an appointment.”
21) 4) dialog: “Certainly. Of course. When would you like to come in?” 36 35.
21) 6) dialog: “Today. It’s urgent.”
21) 8) dialog: “Please describe your symptoms.” Then you come and talk to me and I tell you whether it’s urgent or not. Meanwhile, you ask them to hold while you check to see whether any appointments are available.
21) 10) dialog: I did. He just likes lying in bed for a bit before he gets up. Leave him be. Should I squeeze some more orange juice?
23) 0) text: The garage door opens automatically. Steven lifts his son into the car. Anna helps him. She closes the back door of car and then gets into the driver's seat. EXT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE —- MORNING Steven lifts Bob out of the car. He puts a hand around hi shoulder and practically carries his son into the hospita Anna follows them inside. INT. HOSPITAL - NEUROLOGIST’S OFFICE - MORNING DR. ANDREW NICHOLS, a neurologist, is examining Bob. The is lying on a hospital bed. His shoes are off. Steven is sitting in a chair, watching the whole procedure. He trie crack a joke to reassure his son.
24) 0) text: Anna is waiting in the corridor. Steven and Bob go up to Bob is limping a little, but he can walk. 38.
24) 1) dialog: What happened?
24) 3) dialog: Maybe he should have an MRI.
24) 7) dialog: Yes, and he preferred to spend his day at the hospital with Andrew and us. Let’s go.
24) 11) dialog: Bye, darling. Anna leads Bob away. 4l 42 43 39.
25) 0) text: Anna and Bob are walking towards the exit. The moment the step outside, Bob collapses to the ground. His mother ben down and tries to lift him up. She calls for help and two NURSES rush over. They lift Bob into a wheelchair.
26) 0) text: Bob is lying inside an MRI machine. Steven and Anna watch from behind a glass window. Dr. Nichols is taking notes. INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - NIGHT Bob is sleeping. Anna sits beside him. Steven stands talk to Matthew. There is a second bed in the room, but it is empty.
26) 3) dialog: Any news, Andrew?
26) 6) dialog: Thank goodness for that.
26) 9) dialog: No, he wasn’t stressed, he was just fine. He’s always a bit anxious, but that’s just the way he is. 40.
26) 11) dialog: Maybe we should give him a PET scan?
26) 14) dialog: And you, Andrew. How’s your daughter?
26) 16) dialog: Give her my love.
26) 21) dialog: That won’t be necessary, Matthew. I'll come in the morning. I won't go in to the clinic. I’1l bring him those cinnamon doughnuts he loves so much. 44 45 41.
27) 0) text: Martin is riding his friend’s motorbike. Kim sits behind holding on tight. Neither of them are wearing helmets. Ma focuses all his attention on the road. Tears are streamin down Kim’s face, but it’s impossible to tell whether it’s from the wind or if she’s crying for some other reason. EXT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - GARDEN - NIGHT Anna is watering the plants. Kim comes out into the garde
27) 1) dialog: Where were you?
27) 3) dialog: Yes.
27) 5) dialog: Bob is absolutely fine. They’ve just kept him in as a precaution. Kim looks at her mother for a while without saying anythi
27) 7) dialog: I’m fine. How do you mean?
27) 9) dialog: I’m absolutely fine. A little tired, that’s all.
27) 11) dialog: See you in the morning. Oh, and while Bob’s in the hospital, you’1l be responsible for watering the plants. Okay? Kim walks away without answering. 46 47 42. INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR —- MORNING Steven, dressed in his white doctor’s coat, and Anna, hol a box of doughnuts, are walking down the corridor. It is hour at the hospital. They both greet various people as t walk along.
27) 12) dialog: Did he go to the toilet? Did he get up?
27) 14) dialog: He didn’t want to pee or he hadn’t got up?
27) 16) dialog: Could he get up?
27) 19) dialog: Hello, Martin. How nice of you. Hi darling, good morning. Did your friend Martin come to see you? Bob does not reply.
27) 24) dialog: Darling, do you know what’s in this box?
27) 26) dialog: Cinnamon doughnuts, that’s what. Martin goes over to Steven. Anna pulls off the sheets and folds them up.
29) 0) text: Two security guards escort Martin out of the building. He heads towards the exit without putting up a fight. He gla over his shoulder and then walks out, zipping up his jack and smoothing down his hair. INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - EVENING Anna is sitting on the empty bed next to her son’s bed. S is reading him a book. Steven comes in and sits in a chai He is restless.
29) 2) dialog: No, he’s not hungry.
29) 4) dialog: He’s not hungry. Steven takes a doughnut out of the box. He reaches over a puts it near his son’s mouth.
29) 8) dialog: Yes.
29) 10) dialog: Leave him alone. He doesn’t want it now. He’ll eat it later. Steven does not back down. He gestures for Anna to sit ba down.
29) 12) dialog: Leave him alone. He said he doesn’t want it now.
29) 14) dialog: He stopped eating today. He keeps vomiting. The Hospital Director looks up at Anna and then looks bac the test results.
29) 16) dialog: It’s been less than a day since his last tests. I don’t think the results will be any different. To be honest, I think what we have here is a clear case of some psychosomatic disorder. 52 53
29) 22) dialog: Of course he will.
31) 0) text: Anna is marching angrily down the corridor. Steven follow her, holding a file of papers.
31) 2) dialog: It doesn’t matter.
31) 4) dialog: (interrupting) It’s okay.
31) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
31) 8) dialog: Let’s go home and we'll talk it over again tomorrow.
31) 10) dialog: Good night. Anna stands there watching Steven as he goes back towards patients’ ward.
37) 0) text: Steven is asleep at his desk. His hair is tousled and his is undone. The door opens and Anna walks in. Steven wakes Anna hands him a takeaway coffee. They don’t say anything Steven has nothing to report.
37) 1) dialog: I brought you a clean shirt. She takes a shirt out of her bag and hangs it up inside t locker where Steven keeps his lab coat.
37) 3) dialog: Anything to tell me? Steven shakes his head.
37) 4) dialog: Hungry? Want me to bring you something to eat? 61 62 63 64 54.
37) 6) dialog: Everything will be all right, you'll see. Trust me. We’re in this together and everything will be all right. Let’s go and get you something to eat and some fresh air and then we’ll go up and see the little one. INT. SCHOOL - REHEARSAL ROOM —- DAY Kim is singing in the choir. A middle-aged man, the CHOIRMASTER, is conducting the orchestra. Suddenly, Kim f down. At first, everybody around her carries on singing. fear ripples through the choir, everyone gradually falls silent and the music stops. The choirmaster rushes over t see what has happened.
38) 0) text: Anna is sitting outside Bob’s room, crying. Matthew hugs A nurse comes out of the room, pushing a food trolley. INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - AFTERNOON Kim and Bob are lying in adjacent beds. Steven is feeding pieces of fruit. Kim spits them out. Bob watches them, sl opening and closing his eyes. He looks as if he has just woken up. Their dinner plates lie untouched on trays.
40) 0) text: Anna is sitting on the steps outside the hospital. Steven stands beside her. He appears rather sheepish and speaks low voice. He avoids looking Anna in the eye.
40) 1) dialog: How old was his father when he died?
40) 4) dialog: Had you been drinking that day?
40) 6) dialog: I asked whether you’d been drinking, not how he died. How long has this been going on? How long have you been seeing this boy?
40) 8) dialog: Where were you meeting?
40) 10) dialog: Where were you meeting him?
40) 12) dialog: You're not going to the police. You're not going to tell anyone. There’s no point. We’1ll wait and see. Had you been drinking when you operated on his father? 67 68 69 57.
40) 15) dialog: Why didn’t you tell me you were seeing him?
40) 17) dialog: I’m going upstairs. Anna gets up and leaves. Steven stands there for a while, alone with his thoughts. Then he follows his wife into th hospital. INT. STEVEN’S HOUSE- BATHROOM - DAY Steven takes a shower.
42) 0) text: Steven emerges from the front door of his house and finds envelope on the doormat, with his name written on it. He opens the envelope. 70 58. Inside is the watch he had given Martin, with a note. One the watch straps is missing. Snapped off. Steven looks in the envelope for the missing piece of leather, but it is there. The note, written in very neat handwriting, reads: “Time shows no mercy. By the way, you were right. Metal straps are better. Leather straps break.” INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - DAY Anna is sitting next to Bob’s bed. Kim is lying on her ba on the other bed. She is playing a game on her mobile pho Her legs are covered from the knees up with a sheet. Her are pointed. Exhausted, Anna rests her head on the metal frame. She strokes Bob’s legs.
42) 2) dialog: Tomorrow or the day after. We’1ll get all our tests done and when the doctors say so, we can go home.
42) 4) dialog: We'll tell them, darling. Kim interrupts the conversation.
42) 6) dialog: No.
42) 9) dialog: Nine. 59.
42) 11) dialog: No, he’ll be here soon. Would you like me to fetch you some juice?
42) 19) dialog: You'll be able to soon, my darling. Kim is older than you, that’s why she can do it. Soon you’1l be strong enough to stand up too. Anna turns to look at Kim, who has her back to them and h face pressed up against the window.
42) 20) dialog: Who were you talking to?
42) 22) dialog: I don’t want you talking with him ever again.
42) 24) dialog: Because I said so. Kim does not respond.
42) 25) dialog: Did you hear what I said?
42) 27) dialog: What did you say?
42) 29) dialog: Yes you did. What did you say, Kim? Anna grabs her daughter with both hands and shakes her ha Kim cries out in pain.
42) 31) dialog: I’m not like your father. You better watch your mouth. If that’s the way you want it, I’m confiscating your phone right here and now. That’1ll teach you to be rude to your mother.
42) 33) dialog: You can forget it. A long beat of silence.
43) 0) text: Anna is talking to Steven. She is upset. He hugs her and tries to calm her down.
43) 2) dialog: I’m not tired. I’m telling you the truth, I really saw it happen.
43) 4) dialog: How can it be a coincidence? How come neither of them have been able to get up and walk until now?
43) 6) dialog: I saw it. 72 73 74 62.
43) 8) dialog: They’re not better. They’re worse.
43) 10) dialog: Yes. EXT. ANNA’S CAR — AFTERNOON Anna is driving. We can sense that contradicting thoughts going through her mind.
44) 0) text: Anna pulls over outside Martin’s house. She looks at the house, trying to figure out whether anyone is home. She t a deep breath and gets out of the car. She hesitates for moment, looks around, then carries on walking up to the f door of Martin’s house.
45) 1) dialog: Good evening. I’m not sure if you remember me.
45) 3) dialog: Thank you.
46) 0) text: Anna sits on the sofa. Martin brings her a glass of iced water.
46) 1) dialog: Thank you very much. I'd like to have a talk with you. I won’t take up much of your time.
46) 3) dialog: My husband told me about you and your father. Martin puts his plate of spaghetti down on the table. He looks at Anna and smiles faintly.
46) 5) dialog: No.
46) 7) dialog: Look, if my husband made a mistake, if out of negligence or I don’t know what he somehow caused this tragic thing to happen, I don’t understand why my children and I have to pay the price. Martin picks up his plate of spaghetti.
47) 0) text: The medical council is underway. Anna, Steven, Matthew, t Hospital Director and Dr. Nichols are all present, as are VISITING CONSULTANTS. Anna looks defeated. She sits in a chair with her arms folded and watches the proceedings without saying a word. We cannot hear what is being said. watch the scene unfold through a window. 77 78 65.
48) 0) text: The Hospital Director is saying goodbye to the visiting consultants. Steven and Anna also say goodbye. The consultants get into a car and drive off. The Hospital Director gives Steven a hug and pats him on the back.
48) 6) dialog: Good night, Ed. Anna looks at her husband.
48) 7) dialog: I suggest you sign the release forms tomorrow and then they can go home.
49) 0) text: Anna marches angrily along the corridor. Steven follows, trying to catch up. Suddenly, Anna falls over. Steven pan Anna gets back up.
49) 1) dialog: I tripped. It’s nothing. My shoelace was undone. I tripped. She gets up and carries on walking, leaving Steven standi there. She is almost running. 79 66. INT. CAFETERIA —- MORNING Anna is sitting at a table, waiting. The cafeteria is alm empty. It doesn’t seem like the kind of place where Anna would normally choose to go. She is well dressed, but loo drained. Matthew comes over to the table. He kisses Anna the cheek and sits opposite her. She wavers for a moment before she starts speaking.
49) 3) dialog: Good evening, Matthew. Sorry to bother you.
49) 5) dialog: As I said on the phone, I'd rather Steven didn’t find out about us meeting like this.
49) 7) dialog: Four years ago, you were operating as a team, weren’t you? I mean four years ago, you were the anaesthetist on some of Steven’s operations?
49) 9) dialog: Were you the anaesthetist for Jonathan Lang? Matthew leans back in his chair and pretends rather unconvincingly that he is trying to place the patient’s n The waiter arrives with the coffee that Anna has ordered. Their conversation is interrupted.
49) 12) dialog: Male, 46 years old, one of Steven's patients. He died on the operating table. 67.
49) 14) dialog: Can you find his file in the records and bring it to me, please? I'll give it straight back to you. I just want to have a look at his medical history. And the cause of death.
49) 16) dialog: Please.
49) 18) dialog: What you didn’t get that day we came for lunch.
49) 20) dialog: Now. Had Steven been drinking?
49) 22) dialog: Can it be considered his mistake?
49) 26) dialog: Do you remember Lang’s case history? Matthew leans forward in his chair again and rests his ar on the table.
50) 0) text: Matthew’s car is parked on a deserted road on the edge of town. There are no pedestrians and very few cars. Anna st straight ahead as she jerks off the anaesthetist. He push his seat back to the reclining position. As soon as he co he pulls the chair forward, starts the engine, and they d off. EXT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - AFTERNOON The front door is open. The children are being carried in the house with the help of two paramedics. Steven seems fairly optimistic as he manically rushes about, supervisi the procedure. INT. KIM’'S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Kim's bedroom has been rearranged to accommodate both the children’s beds. The room is bright, the curtains have be pulled back to let in the sunlight. Anna changes the feed solution in Bob and Kim’s Levin tubes.
51) 0) text: Steven and Anna are having dinner. He is the only one eat Anna toys with the wedges of potato on her plate with her fork. Steven watches her intently, trying to get a reacti but she remains stubbornly silent. Steven fills Anna’s gl with wine. She does not say thank you.
51) 3) dialog: One of these days you’re going to have to go in to their school and excuse their absence. They want you to sign some papers. They've called lots of times.
51) 5) dialog: You've got beautiful hands. I'd never noticed before. Everyone's been telling me lately what beautiful hands you have and now I can see it for myself. Nice and clean. But so what if they’re beautiful? They’re lifeless. Sometimes, Steven, you’re just an incompetent man with hands that don’t move who just goes on and on, saying stupid things. “Let’s do a scan, let’s do a gastroscopy, let’s make mashed potatoes, let’s wear brown socks, let’s go to the beach house.”
51) 7) dialog: Our two children are dying in their beds but yes, I can make you mashed potatoes tomorrow.
51) 9) dialog: If you don’t like it why don’t you go and live with Martin’s mother, I bet she’d talk to you nicer. Steven does not take the bait.
51) 11) dialog: Do something to put an end to all this, that’s what. (MORE )
51) 13) dialog: That’s what I want. Can you do that? You do realise Steven that we've ended up in this situation because of you?
52) 3) dialog: Yes, you're right. Let’s wait a bit longer until we’re all dead and then we’‘ll see what you can do about it. There’s really nothing to worry about. A short, awkward beat of silence.
52) 4) dialog: Go to the hospital tomorrow and pick up some feeding formula for the children. We’re almost out.
53) 0) text: Steven is standing in the middle of the room, smoking. He alone. He sits in an armchair. After a few moments, he st up again. Taking care not to make any noise, he picks up car keys and coat and quietly shuts the door. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - BEDROOM — MORNING Anna is lying in bed with her eyes open. Steven enters th room. He stands beside her. He sits on the edge of the be and takes her hand. She does not react.
53) 2) dialog: Good morning.
53) 4) dialog: What time is it?
54) 0) text: Steven and Anna head down to the basement. Steven unlocks door. They enter a fairly large room full of random garde furniture. It is dark and dirty. The light goes on - a sm bulb that faintly illuminates the space - and we see Mart huddled in a corner. He is sitting in an old armchair. Hi feet are bound together with gaffer tape and he is chaine a pipe in the corner of the room. His hands are tied in f of him. Martin’s face is bloodied and swollen. There is a rifle on the table. Anna looks at Martin and then walks over to the table. Sh turns to face Steven. Anna does not move. She looks at Martin. Martin looks up holds her gaze. It’s hard to tell whether he is angry or afraid. He raises his hand and wipes some blood off the s of his mouth.
55) 0) text: Anna is scrubbing the blood from the back seat of Steven' car. The dog watches her but she doesn’t pay him any attention. We hear a muffled gunshot. The dog starts to b 89 90 74.
56) 0) text: Anna opens the door. Steven has shot Martin in the leg. H still holding the gun and pointing it at Martin. The boy writhes in agony.
56) 2) dialog: Steven, don’t shoot him.
58) 0) text: Anna unlocks the door and enters the room, holding Bob in arms. Kim drags herself along beside them. Anna has broug some gauze and disinfectant to change the wound dressing Martin’s leg. She washes off the dried blood, then kisses both his bare feet. Martin just looks at her. The childre watch the procedure from a distance.
58) 3) dialog: Bob? Bob struggles towards the door.
59) 0) text: Anna emerges from the bathroom, wearing her bathrobe. She lies on the bed next to Steven, revealing parts of her na body. She kisses Steven’s hand.
59) 1) dialog: You do have beautiful hands. Steven does not react.
59) 2) dialog: Steven, please don’t kill me. Deep down I know you won’t do that because you love me, but I’m saying this now because you’re upset and might make the wrong decision. If you have to kill someone, the logical thing, no matter how harsh this may sound, is to kill a child. Because we can have another child. I still can and so can you. And if you can’t, we can try IVF. But I’m sure we can. Steven says nothing. He switches off the bedside lamp.
61) 0) text: Steven and Anna search for Kim all over the house, both indoors and outdoors. 103 104 105 82.
63) 0) text: Anna is driving very slowly along the road. Steven walks front of the car. The high beam headlights illuminate the road. They scan the street for any sign of Kim. Steven is anxious, out of breath. He glistens with sweat. They find dragging herself along the pavement. She tries to cross t road. Her hands and knees are covered with blood.
64) 0) text: Steven is treating his daughter’s wounds. He puts disinfectant on her cuts. He sews up a gash on her knee. Anna, standing beside him, passes Steven the medical instruments.
64) 4) dialog: Where have you been?
64) 6) dialog: I let him go.
64) 8) dialog: He’s not downstairs. I let him go.
64) 11) dialog: It wouldn’t have made any difference, Steven. It wasn’t going to solve anything. We both know that. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Anna sits on the edge of Bob’s bed. She has a washbowl ne to her and cleans Bob’s limbs with a cloth. She has her b to Kim, who is sitting on her wheelchair beside the bed. is holding her drip. She starts reciting the phrases that mother has taught her to say when she answers the phone a the clinic.
64) 13) dialog: Kim, I’m trying to rest. Can you please be quiet?
64) 15) dialog: Yes.
64) 17) dialog: Of course I told him, Kim.
64) 19) dialog: Kim, please. I’m trying to rest. 108 109 85.
65) 0) text: Steven enters the bedroom. Anna is frantically making the bed. She doesn’t seem to notice him. Steven approaches An and stands in front of her. She stops startled.
65) 2) dialog: Now?
65) 4) dialog: Steven?
65) 6) dialog: Where are the children?
65) 8) dialog: I think I’1l wear that black dress you like.
66) 0) text: Kim is sitting in a chair in a corner of the room. Anna i standing by the wall, near the French windows. Bob is on sofa. He can barely sit up. They all look terrified. Thei feet are tied with rope and their mouths are taped. Steven is standing in the middle of the room. He looks at each of them in turn. They form a triangle around him. He puts on a black balaclava that covers his entire face, so that he can’t see anything. He raises the rifle. Steven starts spinning round on the spot. He fires a shot stops. Silence. The other three are trying to not make a sound. They struggle to stifle their instinctive reaction He hasn’t hit anyone. The bullet has lodged itself ina cabinet full of crystal tableware. Steven starts spinning around again. He fires another sho Anna screams. Steven pulls off the balaclava. He sees Bob hit in the chest. Motionless. Blood is splattered across couch. Kim stares, frozen. Steven puts down his rifle.
67) 0) text: Steven is sitting in a Burger King with Anna and Kim. Mar walks in, limping from the bullet wound. He stares at the he walks past and sits at a table nearby. Steven and Anna watch Martin out of the corner of their eye. They both lo haggard. Kim puts ketchup on her chips and starts wolfing them down. She looks healthy. Her parents watch her eat. Kim has finished eating her chips, they put on their jack and go to leave. Kim stands up, takes a quick look at Mar and then follows her parents. She is walking normally.