4) 19) dialog: Dad, if Kim goes can I go with her?
4) 29) dialog: I'll get a haircut.
4) 31) dialog: Not tomorrow, Dad. After the party.
6) 27) dialog: Mum said she was going to water them.
6) 29) dialog: I'll do the dog and Kim can do the plants.
6) 31) dialog: Thanks for the comb.
11) 8) dialog: Thanks.
11) 14) dialog: How old are you?
11) 17) dialog: Have you got hair under your arms yet?
11) 21) dialog: You'd better not.
11) 27) dialog: She's embarrassed.
11) 30) dialog: Can you show me the hair under your arms?
11) 32) dialog: You haven’t got that much. Have you seen how hairy my dad is?
11) 34) dialog: He’s got three times more hair than you do.
11) 38) dialog: I'd rather stay here and listen to music. Bob picks up his headphones and an MP3 player.
11) 40) dialog: Mine. You've asked me a million times. And don’t you dare take this one and lose it as well, because Dad said he’s not going to buy us new ones.
11) 41) dialog: What kind of music do you listen to?
11) 43) dialog: I‘m into metal and punk. What about you? 18 19 20 20.
13) 6) dialog: I don’t think so. Pull-up bars in doorways are dangerous. You might fall.
13) 8) dialog: Okay. If we get one, we’ll ask you to come help us put it up.
21) 0) text: Martin is standing on the pavement opposite Steven’s hous He watches the house with a blank expression that betrays emotion. He is holding a helmet under his arm. His friend motorbike is parked beside him. It’s a red HONDA CRF. The light in the living room goes off. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- MORNING Steven, Anna and Kim are having breakfast. Bob is not the Steven seems agitated.
22) 0) text: Bob is sitting on the edge of his bed. As soon as his fat enters the room, Bob turns to look at him. His face is pa He looks a little frightened.
22) 2) dialog: I can’t get up.
22) 4) dialog: I can’t get up. 37 38 39 36.
22) 6) dialog: Dad. My legs. They’re numb. I can’t move them. I can’t stand up. Bob is on the verge of tears.
23) 0) text: The garage door opens automatically. Steven lifts his son into the car. Anna helps him. She closes the back door of car and then gets into the driver's seat. EXT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE —- MORNING Steven lifts Bob out of the car. He puts a hand around hi shoulder and practically carries his son into the hospita Anna follows them inside. INT. HOSPITAL - NEUROLOGIST’S OFFICE - MORNING DR. ANDREW NICHOLS, a neurologist, is examining Bob. The is lying on a hospital bed. His shoes are off. Steven is sitting in a chair, watching the whole procedure. He trie crack a joke to reassure his son.
23) 5) dialog: I’m at the hospital. In the neurology department.
23) 7) dialog: Thursday.
24) 0) text: Anna is waiting in the corridor. Steven and Bob go up to Bob is limping a little, but he can walk. 38.
24) 5) dialog: Yes.
24) 8) dialog: Dad, aren’t you going to show me your office?
25) 0) text: Anna and Bob are walking towards the exit. The moment the step outside, Bob collapses to the ground. His mother ben down and tries to lift him up. She calls for help and two NURSES rush over. They lift Bob into a wheelchair.
26) 0) text: Bob is lying inside an MRI machine. Steven and Anna watch from behind a glass window. Dr. Nichols is taking notes. INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - NIGHT Bob is sleeping. Anna sits beside him. Steven stands talk to Matthew. There is a second bed in the room, but it is empty.
27) 25) dialog: What?
29) 6) dialog: I don’t want it, dad.
32) 0) text: Steven pushes Bob along in a wheelchair. Bob looks groggy He’s half asleep. Steven marches manically up and down th hospital corridors.
33) 0) text: Steven takes blood from Bob. He gives the blood sample to nurse.
34) 0) text: Bob is lying inside the MRI machine. He disappears into t machine as Steven watches. 58 59 52.
35) 0) text: Tired but wired, Steven stands next to a doctor who is gi Bob an abdominal ultrasound.
36) 0) text: Steven pushes Bob back to his room in the wheelchair. Bob shattered, so is Steven. Abruptly, Steven stops pushing t wheelchair, lifts Bob up with both hands, puts his arms around him and walks him down the corridor, with the drip trailing behind them. Steven lets go of Bob and he falls the floor. Steven picks him up again. He kneels down in f of his son.
36) 2) dialog: What game?
36) 4) dialog: I don’t know. I don’t have one.
36) 6) dialog: I don’t.
36) 8) dialog: It’s not an act.
36) 10) dialog: It’s not an act. Steven puts Bob back into the wheelchair in silence.
38) 0) text: Anna is sitting outside Bob’s room, crying. Matthew hugs A nurse comes out of the room, pushing a food trolley. INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - AFTERNOON Kim and Bob are lying in adjacent beds. Steven is feeding pieces of fruit. Kim spits them out. Bob watches them, sl opening and closing his eyes. He looks as if he has just woken up. Their dinner plates lie untouched on trays.
42) 0) text: Steven emerges from the front door of his house and finds envelope on the doormat, with his name written on it. He opens the envelope. 70 58. Inside is the watch he had given Martin, with a note. One the watch straps is missing. Snapped off. Steven looks in the envelope for the missing piece of leather, but it is there. The note, written in very neat handwriting, reads: “Time shows no mercy. By the way, you were right. Metal straps are better. Leather straps break.” INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - DAY Anna is sitting next to Bob’s bed. Kim is lying on her ba on the other bed. She is playing a game on her mobile pho Her legs are covered from the knees up with a sheet. Her are pointed. Exhausted, Anna rests her head on the metal frame. She strokes Bob’s legs.
42) 1) dialog: When are we going home?
42) 3) dialog: But you are doctors too. Tell them we can go home.
42) 16) dialog: Mum, I want to stand up like Kim. Why can she get up and I can’t?
42) 18) dialog: Mum, I’m coming over to the window. Anna rushes over, picks Bob up, and puts him back into be
50) 0) text: Matthew’s car is parked on a deserted road on the edge of town. There are no pedestrians and very few cars. Anna st straight ahead as she jerks off the anaesthetist. He push his seat back to the reclining position. As soon as he co he pulls the chair forward, starts the engine, and they d off. EXT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - AFTERNOON The front door is open. The children are being carried in the house with the help of two paramedics. Steven seems fairly optimistic as he manically rushes about, supervisi the procedure. INT. KIM’'S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Kim's bedroom has been rearranged to accommodate both the children’s beds. The room is bright, the curtains have be pulled back to let in the sunlight. Anna changes the feed solution in Bob and Kim’s Levin tubes.
56) 9) dialog: No. Just a little.
56) 11) dialog: I know.
56) 13) dialog: How do you know?
56) 16) dialog: They've bought me a piano. Mum told me it’ll be here next month. They didn’t tell you so you wouldn’t get scared.
56) 19) dialog: I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you and get a haircut right away. I don’t know what I was thinking all this time. I would get so hot and I had to comb it all the time. It was a total hassle. I should've listened to you and cut it off sooner. Bob drags himself over to the French windows and tries to open the door.
56) 20) dialog: Do you want me to water the plants? Steven goes to him and hugs him.
56) 22) dialog: Dad, I’ve been thinking about it and I’ve decided I want to be a cardiologist, not an ophthalmologist. I lied to mum because I didn’t want her to get upset. I think I prefer what you do, it’s far more interesting and challenging.
56) 24) dialog: No. Not to me it isn’t. 93 94 95 96 77. INT. - STEVEN'S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - EVENING Steven lays his son in his bed. He tucks him in and strok his hair. EXT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - GARDEN - NIGHT Steven is huddled behind some flowers. He is sobbing. Eventually, he pulls himself together, wipes his eyes, an walks towards the house. He closes the French windows and switches off the living room light.
58) 0) text: Anna unlocks the door and enters the room, holding Bob in arms. Kim drags herself along beside them. Anna has broug some gauze and disinfectant to change the wound dressing Martin’s leg. She washes off the dried blood, then kisses both his bare feet. Martin just looks at her. The childre watch the procedure from a distance.
60) 0) text: The noise wakes Steven up. He turns on the light and gets of bed. He rushes out of the bedroom. INT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Steven comes in to check on Kim. Her bed is empty. She ha removed her feeding tube. Her mobile phone is on the desk Bob is asleep in the other bed.
64) 22) dialog: Dad, who’s your best friend?
64) 24) dialog: Is it Matthew?
64) 26) dialog: I have three. Two boys and a girl from my class.
64) 28) dialog: I think Mum considers Matthew a very good friend too.
64) 30) dialog: He used to call Mum a lot. Once he called the house and I picked up and he said: “I'd like to speak to Anna, please.” I recognised his voice, but I didn’t say: “Hi, Matthew”. I just said: “She’s not here right now, can I take a message?” He came over to the house one time too when you and Kim were out, so I guess you wouldn’t remember. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Steven undresses Kim. He then dresses her up in the outfi she had chosen to wear to Claire’s party. Lying in bed, unable to help with this awkward procedure, Kim avoids he father’s gaze. Bob is already dressed up. He sits in his wheelchair, watching them.
66) 0) text: Kim is sitting in a chair in a corner of the room. Anna i standing by the wall, near the French windows. Bob is on sofa. He can barely sit up. They all look terrified. Thei feet are tied with rope and their mouths are taped. Steven is standing in the middle of the room. He looks at each of them in turn. They form a triangle around him. He puts on a black balaclava that covers his entire face, so that he can’t see anything. He raises the rifle. Steven starts spinning round on the spot. He fires a shot stops. Silence. The other three are trying to not make a sound. They struggle to stifle their instinctive reaction He hasn’t hit anyone. The bullet has lodged itself ina cabinet full of crystal tableware. Steven starts spinning around again. He fires another sho Anna screams. Steven pulls off the balaclava. He sees Bob hit in the chest. Motionless. Blood is splattered across couch. Kim stares, frozen. Steven puts down his rifle.