23) 2) dialog: Bob's feet are just fine and he has lovely hair and he is very brave. He’s all grown up now. You know I had long hair when I was little, too. Just like Bob.
23) 4) dialog: Yes, really. Only mine was curlier. Now then Bob, I want you to tell me where you are. 40 37.
23) 6) dialog: That's absolutely right. And what day is it today?
23) 8) dialog: Okay then. With this pin, I’m going to touch the soles of your feet and all your toes. I want you to tell me if you can feel it. Don’t be scared, I’m not going to prick you, I’m just going to touch you. Okay? Bob nods. DR. NICHOLS (CONT’D) Perfect. Bob can feel the pin under all his toes. DR. NICHOLS (CONT’D) Perfect. Now, look directly into my eyes for this one. As soon as you see a finger move, point to it. The neurologist spreads out his hands and fingers. Bob lo him in the eye without moving his head. Dr. Nichols moves finger on the left, then a finger on the right, then both fingers together. Bob points to the correct fingers every time. DR. NICHOLS (CONT’D) Okay, good. Now I’m going to test your sensations. I want you to tell me if this feels the same on both sides. He touches Bob on the left and right cheek, the left and right ear, the left and right temple. Bob nods each time. DR. NICHOLS (CONT’D) Now close your eyes as tight as you can. Okay. Show me your teeth. Okay.
26) 0) text: Bob is lying inside an MRI machine. Steven and Anna watch from behind a glass window. Dr. Nichols is taking notes. INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - NIGHT Bob is sleeping. Anna sits beside him. Steven stands talk to Matthew. There is a second bed in the room, but it is empty.
26) 4) dialog: MRI and MRA both fine. Blood work came back good. Cardiogram, chest X- ray and carotid ultrasound all clear.
26) 7) dialog: Has he been under any psychological stress lately? Exams at school maybe?
26) 10) dialog: In my opinion, he should stay in tomorrow as well so that we can keep an eye on him.
26) 13) dialog: Yes, I don’t think that’s necessary at this point. Let’s see how things are tomorrow and take it from there. There’s nothing to worry about, in my opinion. You go home and we'll speak tomorrow. I’1l be here all day. Anna, it was great seeing you, even under these circumstances.
26) 15) dialog: She got married last year. I’ma grandfather now.
26) 17) dialog: I will. Good night.
29) 20) dialog: We already have ruled out everything else.
47) 0) text: The medical council is underway. Anna, Steven, Matthew, t Hospital Director and Dr. Nichols are all present, as are VISITING CONSULTANTS. Anna looks defeated. She sits in a chair with her arms folded and watches the proceedings without saying a word. We cannot hear what is being said. watch the scene unfold through a window. 77 78 65.