4) 15) dialog: Dad, do you remember Claire, my friend from school?
4) 17) dialog: It’s her birthday and she’s having a party in two weeks. At her place. She’s invited most of the class. Can I go?
4) 33) dialog: What about mine?
6) 23) dialog: That’s what the choirmaster said too.
6) 25) dialog: Yes, I did. He said he’1ll see what he can do. Steven turns to Bob.
6) 32) dialog: You’re welcome. Bob leaves the room. The door opens and Anna walks in.
11) 12) dialog: Two years. Since I was 12. Do you like singing?
11) 19) dialog: I just got my first period.
11) 22) dialog: It’s all right. Just go over by the window. Martin goes over to the window and smokes a cigarette.
11) 24) dialog: What, now?
11) 26) dialog: Not right now.
11) 28) dialog: No I’m not. I just don’t feel like it. When did you start smoking?
11) 35) dialog: You've got a great body.
11) 39) dialog: Is that my MP3 player or yours?
11) 45) dialog: I'll come for a walk, if you like. We can take the dog with us. If you don’t mind.
12) 0) text: Martin and Kim are walking along the road. There is an awkward distance between them and they both stare straigh ahead. Martin has one hand in his jacket pocket and a cigarette in the other. Kim walks a few steps behind him, watching him. She picks up her pace and catches up with Martin. She undoes her ponytail and shakes out her hair. EXT. PARK —- AFTERNOON Martin is sitting on a bench watching Kim. She stands fac him, singing a song. Martin nods his head in time with th music. Kim sways as she sings, not quite dancing. She hol lit cigarette in one hand.
13) 0) text: Martin is sitting on the sofa. Kim sits next to him. Anna opposite them, is serving lemonade. On the table is a pla with some carrot cake. The dog is staring at the cake. Bo still has his headphones on.
13) 15) dialog: No. 21 22 Bob doesn’t respond. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT. 22. Anna is in the en-suite bathroom, flossing her teeth. Ste is already in bed.
20) 15) dialog: Hi, Dad.
20) 17) dialog: Choir practice.
20) 19) dialog: Yes, I ate earlier.
20) 21) dialog: Okay. She puts her bag down by the door.
20) 22) dialog: Dad, do you know who I saw today?
20) 24) dialog: Martin.
20) 26) dialog: Martin. That boy who came over the other day, the son of your ex- patient. He brought me back from choir practice on his friend’s motorbike. He’s really funny. I laughed so hard my ribs hurt. 34 35 34.
20) 28) dialog: I was wearing a helmet. He gave me his.
20) 30) dialog: I did, but he was in a hurry. He had to get home. Where’s Mum?
20) 32) dialog: I’m going up to bed. She kisses Steven and leaves.
21) 0) text: Martin is standing on the pavement opposite Steven’s hous He watches the house with a blank expression that betrays emotion. He is holding a helmet under his arm. His friend motorbike is parked beside him. It’s a red HONDA CRF. The light in the living room goes off. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- MORNING Steven, Anna and Kim are having breakfast. Bob is not the Steven seems agitated.
21) 1) dialog: “Good evening. Anna Murphy Eye Clinic, how may I help you?”
21) 3) dialog: “When for?”
21) 5) dialog: “Certainly, when would you like to come in?”
21) 7) dialog: “Today is impossible.”
27) 0) text: Martin is riding his friend’s motorbike. Kim sits behind holding on tight. Neither of them are wearing helmets. Ma focuses all his attention on the road. Tears are streamin down Kim’s face, but it’s impossible to tell whether it’s from the wind or if she’s crying for some other reason. EXT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - GARDEN - NIGHT Anna is watering the plants. Kim comes out into the garde
27) 2) dialog: At Claire’s. Is Dad asleep?
27) 4) dialog: How’s Bob?
27) 6) dialog: How are you?
27) 8) dialog: I mean are you tired?
27) 10) dialog: Okay.
30) 0) text: Kim puts on lipstick and brushes her hair in front of the mirror. She then sprays herself with a little too much perfume. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Kim and Martin are sitting on the bed, kissing. The bedro lights are on. Music is playing on the computer. Kim’s be made. Martin touches her breast.
30) 2) dialog: No. If you’re hungry we can order something later. (MORE )
30) 4) dialog: My parents will be home late and they’ve left me some money.
30) 8) dialog: Why? Stay a bit longer. We can listen to some music.
30) 10) dialog: Are you mad at me because of my dad?
30) 12) dialog: I’m sorry. Martin, I love you so much. He hugs her but does not say it back.
38) 0) text: Anna is sitting outside Bob’s room, crying. Matthew hugs A nurse comes out of the room, pushing a food trolley. INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - AFTERNOON Kim and Bob are lying in adjacent beds. Steven is feeding pieces of fruit. Kim spits them out. Bob watches them, sl opening and closing his eyes. He looks as if he has just woken up. Their dinner plates lie untouched on trays.
38) 1) dialog: Dad, I don’t want any fruit.
38) 3) dialog: I want to sleep. 65 55.
38) 5) dialog: No. I’m tired, Dad. Switch off the light. Steven goes to turn the light off. He spots a new MP3 pla on the bedside table.
38) 7) dialog: No. Martin did. He made me a playlist with some songs that he likes. That we both like.
38) 9) dialog: I don’t remember. Good night, Dad.
42) 0) text: Steven emerges from the front door of his house and finds envelope on the doormat, with his name written on it. He opens the envelope. 70 58. Inside is the watch he had given Martin, with a note. One the watch straps is missing. Snapped off. Steven looks in the envelope for the missing piece of leather, but it is there. The note, written in very neat handwriting, reads: “Time shows no mercy. By the way, you were right. Metal straps are better. Leather straps break.” INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - DAY Anna is sitting next to Bob’s bed. Kim is lying on her ba on the other bed. She is playing a game on her mobile pho Her legs are covered from the knees up with a sheet. Her are pointed. Exhausted, Anna rests her head on the metal frame. She strokes Bob’s legs.
42) 5) dialog: Mum, did Martin come by while I was sleeping? Anna stands up and looks at her daughter.
42) 7) dialog: Can you turn me onto my side, please? Anna goes over, turns Kim onto her side and returns to he chair. Kim has her back to her mother now. They cannot ma eye contact.
42) 8) dialog: What time is it?
42) 10) dialog: Is Dad here?
42) 12) dialog: No. Don’t go anywhere. Stay here. Silence. Kim’s phone rings. She picks it up.
42) 13) dialog: Good morning. How are you? Aren’t you coming by? Okay. Just my mum, my father will be here soon. Yes. You're here? I can’t. Are you coming up to see me? (Kim laughs) You really think that’s possible? Well, let’s see. Okay. Okay. Kim’s toes uncurl. Her legs slowly start to move. Kim pul herself up and sits on the bed. She then stands up and wa over to the window.
42) 14) dialog: Martin? Yes, I stood up. Yes, thank you. Can you see me? Yes, I’m at the window, I’m standing at the window. Can you see me? Kim waves with her right hand. Then she smoothes her hair down with both hands.
42) 15) dialog: I can’t see you, can you see me? I’m waving at you. Can you see me waving? Great. Yes. Anna gets up and walks over to the window.
42) 17) dialog: All right. I’m going back to bed now. I’m lying down now. Okay. Thank you. Me too. Next time you come, call me first so that I’m not sleeping. I’1l tell them. Me too. Bye. As Kim lies down, her legs seize up again and her toes cu back into the soles of her feet. Anna looks out of the window. She scans the people in the street, but she canno see Martin. Bob falls out of bed. 60.
42) 21) dialog: Martin. He sends his regards.
42) 23) dialog: Why?
42) 26) dialog: (under her breath) Fuck you.
42) 28) dialog: I didn’t say anything.
42) 30) dialog: Mum, let go, you’re hurting me. I didn’t say anything. Anna lets Kim fall abruptly back down on the bed. 71 61.
42) 32) dialog: Give me my phone back. Please.
42) 34) dialog: Don’t be scared, mum. Don’t get hysterical. It’s not that tragic. Sometimes your body hurts from not moving and you can’t sleep, that’s all. The important thing is to make sure you have everything you need within reach. That’s all. You’1l see. You won’t be able to move either, but you'll get used to it. Anna stares at her speechless and her anger morphs into f
50) 0) text: Matthew’s car is parked on a deserted road on the edge of town. There are no pedestrians and very few cars. Anna st straight ahead as she jerks off the anaesthetist. He push his seat back to the reclining position. As soon as he co he pulls the chair forward, starts the engine, and they d off. EXT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - AFTERNOON The front door is open. The children are being carried in the house with the help of two paramedics. Steven seems fairly optimistic as he manically rushes about, supervisi the procedure. INT. KIM’'S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Kim's bedroom has been rearranged to accommodate both the children’s beds. The room is bright, the curtains have be pulled back to let in the sunlight. Anna changes the feed solution in Bob and Kim’s Levin tubes.
56) 8) dialog: Does it hurt?
56) 10) dialog: Just be patient. Dad’s bringing us some painkillers.
56) 12) dialog: He didn’t kill him.
56) 14) dialog: I just do. Anyway, he did the right thing. Otherwise it would have been like killing four people with a single shot. Wouldn’t that be tragic? I’m going to live with Martin. A beat.
56) 15) dialog: I want you to know that I’m really sorry, Bob. I really love you. We all do. Dad does too. But he’s ina really difficult position and he doesn’t have much of a choice. It’s not because he doesn’t love you.
56) 17) dialog: Bob, something terrible happened yesterday. I lost the MP3 player that Martin gave me. I don’t know what’s gotten into me, I’ve lost two MP3 players in ten days. So I'd like to ask you a favour. Can I have your MP3 player when you’re dead? Please. Please. Please. 91 INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - MORNING Bob drags himself over to the desk. He struggles to open drawer and takes out a pair of scissors. 92 76. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- MORNING Steven gives the dog some food and water and watches him He notices some blood on his hands and goes over to the s to rinse them. Bob enters the room. He drags himself alon the floor. He has cut his own hair. His face and hands ar covered in hair. A Levin tube is inserted into his nose a he is holding a bag of feeding solution. The dog starts t bark as soon as he sees Bob. Bob Look, dad. I cut my hair like you wanted me to.
58) 0) text: Anna unlocks the door and enters the room, holding Bob in arms. Kim drags herself along beside them. Anna has broug some gauze and disinfectant to change the wound dressing Martin’s leg. She washes off the dried blood, then kisses both his bare feet. Martin just looks at her. The childre watch the procedure from a distance.
59) 4) dialog: They’re all asleep. We can go now and nobody will notice. All you have to do is help me walk again. My legs hurt after all this time and I feel weak. But it’s okay, it doesn’t matter. I knew at some point this would all be over and you would come. Martin looks at Kim, but doesn’t say anything.
59) 5) dialog: I thought we could take your friend’s motorbike and go away together. But you have to make me well first. Okay? I’1l untie you if you promise I'll get better and we can run away. Okay? Martin continues to stare at her in silence. Kim tries to stand up, but can’t.
59) 6) dialog: It’s not working. I still can’t walk. You have to try harder. Martin turns his gaze away from Kim.
59) 7) dialog: Martin, I’m talking to you. Are you deaf? I’m telling you, you have to try harder. Kim grabs at whatever is in reach and starts throwing ran objects at Martin.
60) 0) text: The noise wakes Steven up. He turns on the light and gets of bed. He rushes out of the bedroom. INT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Steven comes in to check on Kim. Her bed is empty. She ha removed her feeding tube. Her mobile phone is on the desk Bob is asleep in the other bed.
61) 0) text: Steven and Anna search for Kim all over the house, both indoors and outdoors. 103 104 105 82.
63) 0) text: Anna is driving very slowly along the road. Steven walks front of the car. The high beam headlights illuminate the road. They scan the street for any sign of Kim. Steven is anxious, out of breath. He glistens with sweat. They find dragging herself along the pavement. She tries to cross t road. Her hands and knees are covered with blood.
64) 1) dialog: I’m sorry for what I did tonight. I don’t know what came over me, I don’t know what I was thinking. I was only thinking about myself, noone else. That was wrong of me. I was frightened. Terrified. I shouldn’t have been. Let me be the one who atones for your sins, Dad. Kill me right here, in front of your eyes so you can be sure that I die, in case some fate spares me at the last moment. Kill me right here in front of you and give me the ultimate joy of saving my own mother and my beloved brother from certain death. (MORE )
64) 3) dialog: A joy that may take the form of death but has none of death’s bitterness, of its chill or darkness. Please Dad, take these scissors and do me the honour. Mum, tell him. Dad, please. I would do anything for you, I would even die for you. And I’m ready to prove it. You gave me life and you, only you have the right to take my life away. That makes perfect sense. You are my lords, my masters and I am just someone who lives to obey your wishes. I love you so much, don’t forget that. Remember that when I’m in my grave, unable to tell you that I love you. I love you more than anything in the world, you and my brother. Steven finishes dressing his daughter’s wounds. He kisses almost on the mouth and caresses her. Anna leaves the roo taking the bloodied gauzes and cotton wool with her. 106 INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- MORNING Anna is sitting in a chair. In front of her is a glass of water. She takes a sip and then puts the glass back on th table. Classical music plays from a radio on the kitchen counter. Steven walks into the room.
64) 12) dialog: Please describe your symptoms. I see. Would you be so kind as to hold the line while I check the doctor's availability? Yes, sorry to keep you waiting. The earliest the doctor can see you is next Thursday. Are mornings or evenings more convenient for you? Mornings are better, I see. Next Thursday at eleven then. We’ll be expecting you. Good day. (Pause). Anna Murphy Eye Clinic, how may I help you?
64) 14) dialog: Mum, do you remember when I was rude to you at the hospital that day?
64) 16) dialog: Did you tell Dad about it?
64) 18) dialog: I didn’t mean it, Mum. Maybe it was a side effect of the drugs or something.
64) 20) dialog: Do your legs hurt? Do they feel numb? Does your back hurt? Has it started? Anna gets up and slaps Kim. She wheels her out of the bed and closes the door. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - BEDROOM — MORNING Anna is asleep. Steven is sitting on the edge of the bed. stares at the wardrobe for a long time. Then he gets up a goes over to his wife. He stands over her. He looks at he His gaze is fixed on her. Wondering whether he should kil her or not, whether she should give her life to save the children or not. He takes a step backwards. He looks at h for a few more moments. INT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Bob is listening to music on his MP3 player. His eyes sta to bleed. Blood trickles down onto the pillow. Bob wipes blood from his face. We hear his sister’s voice, but we cannot see her.
64) 21) dialog: Dad, quick! Bob’s dying. INT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Bob is lying on his bed. Steven wipes the blood from his and removes the blood-stained pillow case.
66) 0) text: Kim is sitting in a chair in a corner of the room. Anna i standing by the wall, near the French windows. Bob is on sofa. He can barely sit up. They all look terrified. Thei feet are tied with rope and their mouths are taped. Steven is standing in the middle of the room. He looks at each of them in turn. They form a triangle around him. He puts on a black balaclava that covers his entire face, so that he can’t see anything. He raises the rifle. Steven starts spinning round on the spot. He fires a shot stops. Silence. The other three are trying to not make a sound. They struggle to stifle their instinctive reaction He hasn’t hit anyone. The bullet has lodged itself ina cabinet full of crystal tableware. Steven starts spinning around again. He fires another sho Anna screams. Steven pulls off the balaclava. He sees Bob hit in the chest. Motionless. Blood is splattered across couch. Kim stares, frozen. Steven puts down his rifle.
67) 0) text: Steven is sitting in a Burger King with Anna and Kim. Mar walks in, limping from the bullet wound. He stares at the he walks past and sits at a table nearby. Steven and Anna watch Martin out of the corner of their eye. They both lo haggard. Kim puts ketchup on her chips and starts wolfing them down. She looks healthy. Her parents watch her eat. Kim has finished eating her chips, they put on their jack and go to leave. Kim stands up, takes a quick look at Mar and then follows her parents. She is walking normally.