3) 0) text: Steven sits in a Burger King, waiting for someone. He sip soft drink. There are barely any customers, it’s a slow t of day. On the table in front of him is a small piece of apple pie. MARTIN, a teenage boy, rushes over to Steven's table. His face is flushed and his T-shirt is patchy with sweat. Martin, around 15, is dressed like a typical teena He has a nondescript face, not particularly likeable but unlikeable either.
3) 1) dialog: Hi.
3) 3) dialog: Sorry to keep you waiting. Did you eat?
3) 5) dialog: Do you mind if I grab something to eat before we go? I’m starving.
3) 7) dialog: Are you sure you don’t want anything? Chicken wings?
3) 9) dialog: No, I’ve got money, thanks. I’1l be right back. The boy leaves. Steven’s mobile phone rings. He switches ringer to silent and ignores the call. He watches the boy he waits for his order. Martin comes back. Steven watches Martin while he eats. The boy eats very methodically. He folds his napkin neatly and puts it to one side.
3) 11) dialog: Yes. Do you like it?
3) 14) dialog: I’m saving them ‘til last.
3) 16) dialog: I really like chips. I always save them for last.
3) 19) dialog: I’ve got French class in an hour. Will I be back in time?
4) 0) text: Steven and Martin are standing beside the car. It is park near the sea. The weather is fine, the sea calm. A few pe are swimming. The boy takes off his jacket.
4) 1) dialog: Sorry I was late today, Steven.
4) 3) dialog: I was at a friend’s house. He got a new motorbike and I wanted to check it out. He took me for a ride, that’s why I was late.
4) 5) dialog: He even let me ride it for a bit.
4) 7) dialog: Yes, of course we were. We weren’t going very fast anyway. A beat of silence.
4) 9) dialog: I don’t know how to thank you. It’s really nice. Thank you so much. Can I give you a kiss? The doctor nods. The boy kisses him and strokes his cheek slips the watch onto his right wrist.
4) 12) dialog: Fantastic. Does this come off? I'd prefer a leather strap.
4) 14) dialog: Yes. Thank you so much. EXT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - GARDEN - NIGHT A detached suburban house. Steven is sitting at the garde table with his two children: KIM, a girl of 14, and BOB, year old boy. A hush hangs in the air. The garden is perfectly manicured and the flowers are well tended. The doctor's wife brings out a dish with meat and starts to s everyone. She is around 40, rather beautiful. Her name is ANNA.
6) 2) text: I’ll be out in five minutes. Tell him to wait. 10 INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR —- MORNING Steven sees Martin waiting for him in the corridor. He ta him to one side.
6) 4) dialog: You're right. I’m sorry. I just wanted to thank you again and show you the new strap I got for my watch. I swapped the metal strap for a leather one. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to put you in an awkward position. Bye. The boy walks away.
6) 6) dialog: (Without turning his head) Brown leather. The doctor hurries after the boy and catches up with him.
6) 9) dialog: Do you really think so? Or are you just being polite?
6) 16) dialog: We've got the same watch. The anaesthetist turns to look at Martin, who watch.
6) 19) dialog: Nice to meet you too. Steven, I’m going to leave it on your desk. Let me know when you’re ready. The anaesthetist walks off.
6) 21) dialog: Okay. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Steven, dressed in a suit and bow tie, sits opposite Kim. is doing voice exercises. She exhales slowly, controlling diaphragm, then takes a deep breath and runs through a se of vocal scales. Bob has just had a shower and is combing hair very thoroughly and very slowly. Steven watches his daughter with pride, holding her gaze she performs her vocal drills. When she finishes, Steven claps, stands up, and kisses her on the cheek.
9) 0) text: Steven is eating an ice cream with Martin. The doctor sta at the boy’s wrist as he eats his ice cream. 15.
9) 2) dialog: Yes, I took it off to take a shower and left it at home.
9) 4) dialog: Oh, that’s right. I forgot.
9) 6) dialog: No, I really like it. I just took it off to take a shower and forgot to put it back on, that’s all. Martin carries on eating his ice cream. It’s quite clear the subject is closed.
9) 8) dialog: Not that many. I don’t think people can have a lot of friends. I mean, it’s difficult. The important thing in life is to have good friends, not lots of friends. That’s what my dad used to tell me.
9) 10) dialog: Yes, I know. I have a very good friend from school who plays basketball. We go and play together sometimes. And a friend who lives in France. I don’t see him very often. He usually comes in the summer with his family. He’s a great guy, very polite, lots of hobbies. I really miss him. I also consider my mum to be a friend. I know it might sound strange, but ever since my dad died we’ve become very close, me and my mum. We talk about things, lots of things. She helps me as much as she can with a lot of stuff. And I help her too. 16.
9) 13) dialog: Are you serious? I'd love to come to your house.
10) 0) text: Martin enters the front garden of Steven’s house. He is carrying a bunch of flowers and a plastic bag. He rings t doorbell. Anna opens the front door.
10) 2) dialog: That's right. These flowers are for you.
11) 0) text: Martin goes out into the back garden with Anna. Steven wa over to greet him.
11) 2) dialog: Yes, it was very easy. 17 17.
11) 4) dialog: Very nice to meet you. I’ve brought you some little gifts.
11) 7) dialog: It’s a key ring with a musical note on it for Kim, because I know she likes music. And one with a smiley face for Bob.
11) 10) dialog: Yes, I’m starving. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Martin is sitting on the edge of the bed. Bob is sitting to him. Bob is staring at Martin’s shoes, which are ident to his own - probably another gift from Steven. Kim is standing by the wardrobe. Martin stares at a photograph o Kim, lying on a beach in a swimsuit. A child’s leg, proba Bob's, is also visible beside her in the picture.
11) 11) dialog: How long have you been in the choir, Kim?
11) 13) dialog: I love it. But I haven’t got a very good voice. 18.
11) 15) dialog: 
11) 18) dialog: Yes.
11) 20) dialog: Do you mind if I light a cigarette?
11) 23) dialog: Can you sing us something?
11) 25) dialog: Yes. Anything you like.
11) 29) dialog: Eight months ago. I was over at a friend’s place, it was a party actually, and we’d had way too much to drink and a girl offered me a cigarette and I said “why not” and lit up. That was a mistake. I regret it, but it’s too late now. I’m addicted. 19.
11) 31) dialog: Sure. Martin shows Bob his underarm hair.
11) 33) dialog: No.
11) 36) dialog: Thanks. An awkward pause.
11) 37) dialog: Do you want to go out for a walk? It’s a really nice day.
11) 42) dialog: All kinds.
11) 44) dialog: I think all kinds of music are worth listening to. It depends on my mood and what I’m doing.. Bob puts his headphones on before Martin can finish his sentence.
11) 46) dialog: I'd rather it was just the two of us. I always get nervous around dogs, in case they get into a fight with another dog. Separating dogs that are fighting scares me.
12) 0) text: Martin and Kim are walking along the road. There is an awkward distance between them and they both stare straigh ahead. Martin has one hand in his jacket pocket and a cigarette in the other. Kim walks a few steps behind him, watching him. She picks up her pace and catches up with Martin. She undoes her ponytail and shakes out her hair. EXT. PARK —- AFTERNOON Martin is sitting on a bench watching Kim. She stands fac him, singing a song. Martin nods his head in time with th music. Kim sways as she sings, not quite dancing. She hol lit cigarette in one hand.
13) 0) text: Martin is sitting on the sofa. Kim sits next to him. Anna opposite them, is serving lemonade. On the table is a pla with some carrot cake. The dog is staring at the cake. Bo still has his headphones on.
13) 1) dialog: Is this homemade lemonade?
13) 3) dialog: It’s amazing. My mother makes lemonade too. But she hasn’t made it in a while. I’1l ask her to make some. I love lemonade. 21. He drains his glass of lemonade and refills it.
13) 4) dialog: The kids’ rooms are amazing. So big and bright. I told Bob to put a pull-up bar in his bedroom doorway. I’ve got one and I do a few pull- ups every time I walk past.
13) 7) dialog: If you attach it to the door frame properly, you won’t fall.
13) 9) dialog: With pleasure. You know this whole house is really amazing.
13) 11) dialog: Thank you very much, but I’d rather go home tonight. I don’t like leaving my mother by herself. She wouldn’t mind if I told her I was spending the night here, but I'd better not.
13) 13) dialog: Can I have a piece of cake please?
14) 2) dialog: Hello. How are you?
14) 4) dialog: No. I just called to tell you I had a wonderful time today. 23.
14) 6) dialog: Yes. I thought I should return the favour, so I'd like to invite you to dinner. At my house. My mother will be delighted to see you. She hasn’t seen you in two years, not since the hospital. I asked her if she'd like you to come for dinner one day and she said she'd like that very much. She’ll bake a meat pie.
14) 8) dialog: Tomorrow night. I told her already. I've asked her to make meat pie and lemonade. I’1l be home by eight- thirty. Around nine?
14) 10) dialog: I can buy some non-alcoholic beers, if you like.
14) 12) dialog: I‘1l buy four and if you don’t drink them it doesn’t matter. My mother will drink them, or some other guest another day. So I’1ll see you tomorrow at nine. Good night and sorry to disturb you. Are Kim and Bob asleep?
14) 14) dialog: I’m going to sleep now, too. Good night.
16) 0) text: Steven approaches his car. The car park is fairly dark. Steven gets into his car and switches on the engine. As h pulls away, he sees a figure moving behind some parked ca It looks like Martin. He’s wearing the same jacket as Mar but we can’t see his face. As Steven drives towards him, figure runs towards the fire escape, opens the door, and disappears.
17) 0) text: Steven, Martin and MARTIN’S MOTHER have just finished din Martin’s mother is around 45 years old, a little plump, a has a beautiful face. She is dressed rather formally and heavily made up. The living room is spacious and decorate a conventional style. Everything is just so. Martin drain glass of lemonade. His mother clears away the dishes and takes them into the kitchen. 25.
17) 2) dialog: No. I was at school, then I went to the gym and my French class. Weren’t you at the hospital today?
17) 4) dialog: I'd like us to watch a film together, if you don’t mind.
17) 8) dialog: Please. We've rented my favourite film. It was my father’s favourite film too.
18) 0) text: Steven, Martin, and Martin’s mother are sitting on the so watching the film. She looks rapt. Martin yawns.
18) 1) dialog: I think I’1l go to bed. I’m tired. Besides, I’ve got to get up early tomorrow to finish my homework. I’m sorry I can’t watch the end of the film with you. He gives them both a kiss and hug.
18) 2) dialog: Good night. 26.
18) 28) text: 27 28. MARTIN’S MOTHER (CONT'D) It’s a caramel tart with custard cream. I’ll bring you some now. Please, sit down.
18) 30) dialog: Good morning.
18) 32) dialog: My heart aches. The boy takes off his T-shirt.
18) 34) dialog: I’m in pain. It’s my chest, my heart. I’m worried.
18) 36) dialog: I’m worried because it’s hereditary.
18) 38) dialog: That’s what you said about my father. And he didn’t smoke, he ate a very healthy diet, he went swimming almost every day. He should have come out of that surgery alive but he died. I also smoke. I started smoking recently. (Touching his chest.) It hurts here. I hardly slept at all last night. (MORE )
18) 40) dialog: My mother was terribly worried. I slept in her bed. Steven attaches some electrodes to the boy’s chest. INT. HOSPITAL - STRESS TEST ROOM —- MORNING Martin is running on a treadmill. Wires are attached to h body. Steven measures Martin’s blood pressure while he ru INT. HOSPITAL - STEVEN’S OFFICE - MORNING Martin removes the electrodes from his body and puts his shirt back on.
18) 41) dialog: If I had hair on my chest and stomach, how would you attach these?
18) 43) dialog: How long does it take for the hair to grow back?
18) 45) dialog: Your son told me you have loads of hair under your arms, three times more than I do. And that you have a hairy belly and a hairy back.
18) 47) dialog: Can I see? Please. Take off your shirt and show me, please. The doctor hesitates, but eventually complies. Martin sta at his body.
18) 48) dialog: Okay, you do have more than me. But not three times more. (MORE )
18) 50) dialog: Mum and I thought it would be nice if you came for dinner with us tonight, then we can watch the rest of the film. Is nine good for you?
18) 52) dialog: Can’t you get away for a couple of hours?
18) 54) dialog: My mother will be upset. I’11 tell you a secret, but don’t tell her I told you. I think she likes you. I mean she’s attracted to you. She says that’s not true, but I’m sure of it. And to be honest, I think you're perfect for each other. You'd make a great couple. She’s got a great body, you’ve seen that for yourself. She lost weight and now she’s has a really lovely figure.
18) 57) dialog: So we’re okay? There’s nothing wrong with me? 30 31 31.
18) 59) dialog: I want you to buy me a motorbike. A white Honda CRF250. Will you?
20) 0) text: Martin is sitting by himself. He has finished his meal an staring out the window. The doctor is clearly late. The b checks his watch. He stares out the window again. His pho rings. A beat.
20) 1) dialog: Yes. Where are you? I called you a hundred times, didn’t you see my calls? Yes I’m here, I’ve eaten already. Sorry I didn’t wait for you but I was starving. What do you mean? What do you mean you can’t? I got you an apple pie. At least come for a bit. You have to come. I’ve been waiting for over half an hour. Come for a bit. I can come closer to where you are. Where are you? Are you at the hospital? I’1l bring you the apple pie.
20) 2) dialog: What’s so important? An operation? Are you at the hospital? What sort of incident? Not tomorrow, now. Not tomorrow. I can’t tomorrow, I have to study. Now. Listen to me. Just a minute. Where are you? Another beat. 32 32. Martin hangs up the phone. He looks annoyed. EXT. MATTHEW’S HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY Matthew is grilling pieces of trout on the barbecue. The garden is immaculate. At the back of the large, suburban house is a wooden deck. Anna is helping the anaesthetist’ wife, MARY, a woman of around 55, to set the table. Steve emerges from the house and sits in a chair. He looks ill ease. He picks up a glass of wine and holds it in his han but doesn’t drink.
21) 0) text: Martin is standing on the pavement opposite Steven’s hous He watches the house with a blank expression that betrays emotion. He is holding a helmet under his arm. His friend motorbike is parked beside him. It’s a red HONDA CRF. The light in the living room goes off. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- MORNING Steven, Anna and Kim are having breakfast. Bob is not the Steven seems agitated.
27) 0) text: Martin is riding his friend’s motorbike. Kim sits behind holding on tight. Neither of them are wearing helmets. Ma focuses all his attention on the road. Tears are streamin down Kim’s face, but it’s impossible to tell whether it’s from the wind or if she’s crying for some other reason. EXT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - GARDEN - NIGHT Anna is watering the plants. Kim comes out into the garde
27) 18) dialog: Good morning, Doctor. How are you Mrs. Murphy? I just came by to see Bob. Kim told me what happened.
27) 20) dialog: I’1ll leave you alone now so that you can spend time with him too. I have to go anyway. I’1ll come by and see him again some other time, for sure. I offered to help him go to the toilet but he didn’t want me to and he wet the bed. I brought some lemonade. Mum made it yesterday. (MORE )
27) 22) dialog: Try it and let me know what you think.
27) 27) dialog: I'll be in the canteen. Come whenever you can.
27) 29) dialog: No. Today. Come to the canteen. Just for ten minutes. Don’t stand me up like last time. Goodbye Mrs. Murphy. Bye, Bob. Martin leaves. We hear Anna saying goodbye as we watch hi go.
28) 0) text: Martin is waiting in the hospital canteen. Steven appears The canteen is packed with doctors, nurses and patients, seated at the tables.
28) 1) dialog: Coffee? Apple pie?
28) 3) dialog: Okay. I’1l get straight to the point. I’ve brought you a present. (MORE )
28) 5) dialog: You've given me so many presents and I’ve never given you anything. I thought that was rude of me. So I decided to make amends. Close your eyes. Steven does not close his eyes.
28) 6) dialog: Please close your eyes. Steven, losing patience, closes his eyes. Martin places a small box in his hand. Steven opens his eyes and sees the box.
28) 7) dialog: It’s a Swiss army knife. The boy puts his hand over his mouth, mortified.
28) 8) dialog: I shouldn’t have told you that. I messed it up. I ruined the surprise. I’m sorry.
28) 10) dialog: What an idiot.
28) 17) dialog: That reminds me, did you do anything about that motorbike I wanted?
28) 19) dialog: All right. I won’t keep you much longer, even though you are devoting less and less time to me lately. But that’s okay, I understand. I just wanted to say one more thing. I’m really sorry about Bob.
28) 21) dialog: No, it is. That critical moment we both knew would come someday, well, here it is. The time is now. You’ll see, things will be better for us all after this. You know what I mean.
28) 23) dialog: (speaking fast, almost without catching his breath) Okay, I’m going to tell you this as quickly as I can so that I don’t hold you up since I get that you don’t have much time and you have to go back up to the ward. I will make myself as clear as possible. Yes, it’s exactly what you think. Yes. That’s it. Just like you killed a member of my family, now you have to kill a member of your own family. To balance things out, understand? I’m not going to tell you who to kill of course, that’s for you to decide. But if you don’t do it, they all die. Bob will die. Kim will die. (MORE )
28) 25) dialog: And so will your wife. They will all get sick and die. One: paralysis of the limbs, two: refusal of food to the point of starvation, three: bleeding from the eyes, four: death. One, two, three, four. You’re not going to get sick, don’t worry. You just have to stay calm, that’s all. There, I said it. As quickly as I could. I hope I haven’t kept you too long. Oh and one more thing, but I'll be very quick. You only have a few days to decide who to kill. Once stage three kicks in - remember what stage three is? Bleeding from the eyes, that’s stage three - once the bleeding starts, they die in a matter of hours. Well, don’t let me keep you. I have nothing more to say. Unless you have any questions. Steven stares at Martin in silence. He is clearly furious picks up his mobile phone and keys.
28) 27) dialog: All right, I'll go. I have to go anyway, I have French class to get to. I was leaving anyway. But don’t get angry. There’s really no point getting mad at me. I told you. This will do us all good. You'll see.
28) 29) dialog: (loudly) But how will you kill me? Oh wait, I have an idea. Why don’t you operate on me? Several people turn and stare at the doctor. Steven gets and leaves. Martin calls after him.
28) 30) dialog: Do you know if Kim’s going to come by today? (MORE )
28) 32) dialog: If she does, tell her I’1l be outside, at the main entrance. I’m going for a cigarette.
29) 0) text: Two security guards escort Martin out of the building. He heads towards the exit without putting up a fight. He gla over his shoulder and then walks out, zipping up his jack and smoothing down his hair. INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - EVENING Anna is sitting on the empty bed next to her son’s bed. S is reading him a book. Steven comes in and sits in a chai He is restless.
30) 0) text: Kim puts on lipstick and brushes her hair in front of the mirror. She then sprays herself with a little too much perfume. INT. STEVEN'S HOUSE - KIM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Kim and Martin are sitting on the bed, kissing. The bedro lights are on. Music is playing on the computer. Kim’s be made. Martin touches her breast.
30) 1) dialog: Are you on your period?
30) 5) dialog: I’m not hungry. Kim stands up, strips down to her underwear and lies on t bed, beneath her swimsuit picture. Martin smiles. They kiss.
30) 6) dialog: You are the prettiest girl I’ve ever met. Your mother is making a big mistake not trusting you to work at the clinic. A huge mistake.
30) 7) dialog: I'm afraid I have to go.
30) 9) dialog: I can’t, Kim. It’s late.
30) 11) dialog: Don’t be stupid. I’m not mad at you at all. And I thought I’d made myself clear - I don’t feel angry at him, I feel sorry for him. I have to go because it’s late, that’s all. It’s as simple as that. Don’t be annoying, I thought you understood.
39) 0) text: Steven sits in his car, thinking. He opens the car door, out, and walks quickly and angrily across the road. He is outside Martin’s house. He sees a light on in the living room. The TV is blaring. Steven goes up to the front door rings the doorbell frantically. Nobody answers. He bangs the door with his fists.
42) 0) text: Steven emerges from the front door of his house and finds envelope on the doormat, with his name written on it. He opens the envelope. 70 58. Inside is the watch he had given Martin, with a note. One the watch straps is missing. Snapped off. Steven looks in the envelope for the missing piece of leather, but it is there. The note, written in very neat handwriting, reads: “Time shows no mercy. By the way, you were right. Metal straps are better. Leather straps break.” INT. HOSPITAL - PATIENT’S ROOM - DAY Anna is sitting next to Bob’s bed. Kim is lying on her ba on the other bed. She is playing a game on her mobile pho Her legs are covered from the knees up with a sheet. Her are pointed. Exhausted, Anna rests her head on the metal frame. She strokes Bob’s legs.
44) 0) text: Anna pulls over outside Martin’s house. She looks at the house, trying to figure out whether anyone is home. She t a deep breath and gets out of the car. She hesitates for moment, looks around, then carries on walking up to the f door of Martin’s house.
45) 0) text: Martin opens the front door. He is home alone. He is wear a T-shirt and boxer shorts and holding a plate of spaghet His hair is wet and freshly combed.
45) 2) dialog: Of course I remember you. How are you? Come in. 63.
46) 0) text: Anna sits on the sofa. Martin brings her a glass of iced water.
46) 2) dialog: Of course. I’ve only got ten minutes because I have to get to my French class. What’s up?
46) 4) dialog: Did he also tell you about my mum?
46) 6) dialog: I’m sorry, then maybe I’m not the one you should hear it from. Ever since your husband killed my father, he’s been flirting with my mother constantly. To be honest, she has feelings for him too. She really likes your husband's hands and the truth is he does have very beautiful hands. All doctors have nice, clean hands. You see, now that we only have each other, my mother and I are friends and we tell each other everything. So I told her that I have no problem if she wants to go ahead with it, and anyway, he seems like a nice guy. Why would I stand in the way of her trying to get her life back on track? I mean, I'll be gone ina few years. I’1l get a job and I'll be gone. 76 64.
46) 8) dialog: Not long after my dad died, someone told me that I eat spaghetti in exactly the same way he did, told me what an extraordinary impression this fact had made on him. “Look how the boy eats spaghetti,” he said. “Exactly the same way his father did. He sticks his fork in and twirls it around and around until the spaghetti is all twisted up and then he puts it in his mouth.” At the time, I thought I was the only one who ate spaghetti like that. Only my dad and me. I realised later, of course, that everyone eats spaghetti that way. They all stick their fork in and twirl it around. Martin stands up.
46) 9) dialog: I was really upset when I realised that, maybe even more upset than when they announced to me that he was dead. I don’t know if what is happening is fair, but it’s the closest thing to justice I can think of. But enough chit chat, time's getting on and if I’m late for class I’m done for. You have a good day.
54) 0) text: Steven and Anna head down to the basement. Steven unlocks door. They enter a fairly large room full of random garde furniture. It is dark and dirty. The light goes on - a sm bulb that faintly illuminates the space - and we see Mart huddled in a corner. He is sitting in an old armchair. Hi feet are bound together with gaffer tape and he is chaine a pipe in the corner of the room. His hands are tied in f of him. Martin’s face is bloodied and swollen. There is a rifle on the table. Anna looks at Martin and then walks over to the table. Sh turns to face Steven. Anna does not move. She looks at Martin. Martin looks up holds her gaze. It’s hard to tell whether he is angry or afraid. He raises his hand and wipes some blood off the s of his mouth.
54) 2) dialog: Let me go. My mother will be worried sick.
54) 4) dialog: Murderer. There’s no need for such a dramatic, sensational, old- fashioned word. But if you insist, the murderer, both in my father’s case and our current situation, is not me.
54) 6) dialog: Don’t you understand that you’re wasting time? You don’t have much time left.
54) 8) dialog: Steven, you’ll feel better once it’s done. You can start over, a clean slate, don’t you get it? Sometimes I think you might just be a fool who can’t understand the significance of the gift I am offering. Sometimes I think you’re naive. But you can’t be. You’re a good scientist, you can’t be an idiot. If I’d only just met you I’d seriously question the depth of your judgement. Steven strikes the boy across the face. Martin grabs his and holds it tight.
54) 9) dialog: Don’t move. I just want to give you an example, that’s all. I’1l give you one little example so that you understand what I mean. Martin bites Steven’s arm. Blood trickles down his hand. Steven screams.
54) 10) dialog: Should I apologise? No. Should I stroke your wound? No way. That would probably hurt even more, touching an open wound. No. There’s only one way to make you and me both feel better. Martin bites his own arm and spits out a small piece of flesh. His face is contorted with pain but he doesn’t scr He tries to remain composed.
54) 11) dialog: Do you understand? It’s metaphorical, my example. A metaphor. I mean, it’s symbolic.
56) 0) text: Anna opens the door. Steven has shot Martin in the leg. H still holding the gun and pointing it at Martin. The boy writhes in agony.
56) 3) dialog: And then?
56) 5) dialog: Shoot me. Then what? Answer me.
56) 7) dialog: You won’t be able to explain it. You won’t understand how it could have happened. You’ll say - “But I only killed one person, how come four people are dead? I only shot one.” You’ll get confused and you'll start counting again: one, two, three. But the numbers still won't add up. If you dig a hole in the garden, better make it a big one. Steven walks over to Martin and puts the gun to his head. Anna walks up behind Steven and tries to take the gun out his hands. At first Steven doesn’t let go, but Anna whispers somethi in his ear and he releases the gun. Anna calmly takes the and walks out of the room. INT. STEVEN’S HOUSE - KIM'S BEDROOM —- MORNING Bob is lying in bed. Kim is sitting in a wheelchair, look out the window. She lights a cigarette and smokes it. She coughs a little. Bob winces in pain. 75.
58) 0) text: Anna unlocks the door and enters the room, holding Bob in arms. Kim drags herself along beside them. Anna has broug some gauze and disinfectant to change the wound dressing Martin’s leg. She washes off the dried blood, then kisses both his bare feet. Martin just looks at her. The childre watch the procedure from a distance.
58) 1) dialog: Thank you for bringing them down. I really wanted to see them. I really wanted to see you. Hi Kim. Hi Bob. Come over here and let me give you a kiss. Kim hobbles over to Martin. He kisses her on the lips. Bo doesn’t move.
58) 2) dialog: Bob, aren't you going to come over and give me a kiss? No? 98 99 80.
58) 4) dialog: It doesn’t matter, I understand. You're a man, you are the man of the house now that your father isn’t home. Now go back to bed. Don’t trouble yourselves any more for my sake. Take them away. Anna carries the children out. She leaves the door open.
58) 5) dialog: Anna. If you're going to do something, you need to do it fast. The boy is about to die.
62) 0) text: Steven notices the basement door is open. He goes into th basement and looks around. He goes over to Martin and hit him.
62) 2) dialog: She’s gone.
62) 4) dialog: I didn’t touch her. I don’t know where she is. Steven runs out of the room.
67) 0) text: Steven is sitting in a Burger King with Anna and Kim. Mar walks in, limping from the bullet wound. He stares at the he walks past and sits at a table nearby. Steven and Anna watch Martin out of the corner of their eye. They both lo haggard. Kim puts ketchup on her chips and starts wolfing them down. She looks healthy. Her parents watch her eat. Kim has finished eating her chips, they put on their jack and go to leave. Kim stands up, takes a quick look at Mar and then follows her parents. She is walking normally.