22) 28) text: Everyone laughs. The Delta operators rise. Though this is room of professionals, these men truly look like the ones want to stand behind. 
25) 32) text: The convoy stops in front and the Delta operators are out their vehicles, setting a perimeter. The Marshals and Mat emerge and move straight to the building, two Deltas foll 
25) 91) text: The doors to the Expedition swing open. By the time the assassins put a foot to the ground, the Delta operators a out of their cars and halfway to them, rifles raised. 
25) 101) text: The delta operators and Alejandro are yelling at the men Spanish. One retreats to the safety of the back seat, but others know the consequences of a failed hit and they are in checkmate like those in the other cars... 
27) 6) dialog: Like fireworks? 
27) 7) text: She turns and sees a Delta operator. Holding a pair of BINOLULARS. 
27) 20) text: She sees it. Muzzle flashes. Right on the street. Rifle f glowing white against the muddy gray of Juarez at dusk. G as fast as it came. She looks at Delta.
48) 8) text: From the other room, DELTA and one of his team members wa through. Moving toward the TOPO MAP on the wall. 
48) 12) text: DELTA looks at Matt. 
52) 1) text: Matt sits in the front seat. A Delta operator driving. Ma Reggie, Alejandro and three Delta operators sit in the ba 
52) 7) text: Matt turns back to the Delta operators. 
59) 1) text: Macy steps out and sees another vehicle parked. Another h dozen men in full camo. From the back of the Suburban, si duffel bags are opened. Operators reach in and grab weapo magazines, grenades. Generation 4 night vision goggles ar passed to everyone. DELTA walks up to Reggie and Macy. 
59) 10) text: We come to a rise. Everyone lays down. DELTA whispers to Alejandro. 
59) 13) text: DELTA turns the other way. 
59) 22) text: Delta pulls his knife. Alejandro comes up to the front.
59) 25) text: Alejandro nods. He and the Delta operators move ahead, silently. Disappear behind the old car. After a moment we follow. 
60) 3) text: We see the operators ahead. DELTA backtracks to Matt. 
60) 8) text: DELTA returns his pistol to it's holster, raises his rifl His men follow suit. 
63) 1) text: Reggie looks around, doesn't see Macy anywhere. Spots Mat among the Delta team. 
63) 4) text: Matt pats DELTA on the back. 
63) 6) text: Delta points back toward the approaching Reggie. 
63) 16) text: Delta rolls his eyes. They approach the tunnel entrance w Macy walks out. She spots Matt and punches him for all sh worth. He deflects it, sweeps her leg and she hits the ground. Hard. 
63) 19) text: He is grabbed and flung to the ground by DELTA. He holds Reggie's face to the ground with his boot. Rifle pointed him. 
63) 40) text: She walks out of the tunnel toward Reggie. DELTA removes boot and walks away. 