127) 0) text: Saphira walks through the crowd of Peasants toward anothe large set of double doors on the other side of TRONJHEIM, which is a large CITY inside a mountain. All over Tronjheim are small HOUSES built out of stone. INT. AJIHAD’S STUDY - NIGHT Eragon, followed by Saphira, is walking through Ajihad’s study. It is a large, beautiful, book-filled study. On the far side, where Eragon and Saphira are walking to, there is a large desk and tall and thick man. AJIHAD, a d skinned man in his late 30’s. Ajihad turns and looks at Eragon and Saphira, who stop in front of his desk.
127) 1) dialog: Welcome, Eragon. Eragon nods his head.
127) 3) dialog: The loss of Brom brings great sadness to my heart. But he did leave something behind. Something that will ensure our success... Eragon looks confused.
127) 4) dialog: You.
127) 6) dialog: I will explain in full later-now there are mor urgent matters. The news of Galbatorix forming an alliance with the Urgal is serious. If Galbatorix if gathering an Urgal army to attack us the Varden will be hard-pressed to survive. There is a moment of silence.
127) 7) dialog: For now, you need rest. In the morning, you will train with our Varden Soldiers. I fear the use of a blade will soon be a necessary thing. Eragon nods and walks away.
128) 0) text: Outside of Ajihad’s Study stands Orik. Eragon and Saphira stop before him.
134) 0) text: Six thousand Varden Soldiers and DWARVEN WARRIORS are cro together. At the very front of the army is Ajihad, Arya, and Hrothg A few Dwarf Warriors step forward in front of Saphira and Eragon as they walk toward Ajihad and the others.
134) 5) dialog: A group of dwarfs spotted thousands of Urgal’s and Kull marching through the underground tunnels. They will be here within the hour.
134) 7) dialog: Yes. (Beat ) We have collapsed the tunnels that lead to the city of Tronjheim. They will have no choice but to come from those tunnels. (Beat ) Once they come, we must keep them from ever getting to Tronjheim. If they get there, they will kill the woman and children. 108. Ajihad points into the distance, where large TUNNEL DOORS are. Ajihad turns and puts his hand on the shoulder of a MAN.
134) 8) dialog: Eragon, this Jormunder, my most trusted advisor and second in command of the Varden. Eragon nods.
135) 2) dialog: (Yelling) Weapons! The Varden Soldiers draw their swords and the Dwarf Warri draw their AXES. Ajihad, Arya, Jormunder, and Hrothgar draw their weapons. Eragon climbs on top of Saphira and draws Zar’roc. A long moment of silence passes and then...the Urgal’s ch out of the Tunnel Doors! They run, weapons drawn toward t Varden Soldiers. Ajihad lifts his sword in the air.
135) 3) dialog: (Yelling) Charge! Ajihad begins to run. The entire army follows him. Saphira jumps into the air, Eragon on her back, and dives toward the Urgal army. A moment passes...and then the two armies crash into each other! Saphira grabs three Urgal’s in her claws and throws them the walls, killing them. She then dives down and grabs tw Urgal’s in her mouth and crushes them. From Saphira’s back, Eragon hacks at an Urgal with Zar’ro
139) 0) text: Ajihad swings his sword into a Kull, it falls to the grou Angela is battling off dozens of Urgal’s.