94) 21) dialog: Talking to the Werecat?
94) 23) dialog: Of course! Anyone can. That doesn’t mean he’1l talk back, though. There’s a bit of silence.
94) 24) dialog: Now tell me, I haven’t seen you around here before. What brought you here and where are you going?
94) 26) dialog: Well lets fix that. Eragon looks confused.
95) 0) text: Eragon and Angela sit around a small table. Angela is hol three bones.
95) 2) dialog: Manin! Wyrda! Hugin! Angela throws the bones out onto the table. She studies t for a moment and then lets out a long sigh.
95) 4) dialog: This is the hardest reading I’ve ever done. You were right. Your future is nigh impossible to see. I’ve never seen someone’s fate so tangled. Eragon and Angela sit in silence for a little while.
95) 5) dialog: Well- Angela points at one of the bones. ANGELA (CONT’D) I’1l start here, because its the easiest to understand. Angela stops for a moment and thinks.
95) 6) dialog: Infinity or long life. It’s the first time I’ve ever seen it come up in a persons future. Angela puts her hand on the three bones.
95) 7) text: Now the bones grow harder to read. Here the wandering path, lightning bolt, and sailing ship all lie together-a pattern I have never seen, only heard of. (Beat ) The wandering path means you have many choices in your future, some you are making even now. I see battles raging all around you. Many futures await you-all of them leading to blood and conflict. Angela closes her eyes for a moment.
95) 8) dialog: The lightning bolt is a terrible omen. There is a doom upon you, but of what sort I know not. Part of it lies with in a death-one that rapidly approaches and will cause you much grief. But the rest awaits in a great journey. Look closely at this bone and you will see that it rest on the sailing ship, which is impossible to misunderstand. It means that you will leave this land forever, never to return. But to where is a mystery... Angela opens her eyes.
95) 9) dialog: Next is a bit more pleasant. Angela smiles. ANGELA (CONT’D) An epic romance. I’m not sure if this love will end happily, but your love is of noble birth and heritage. Eragon smiles.
95) 10) dialog: Now, the last ones are the tree and the hawthorn root, which cross each other strongly. I wish this were not so-for it can only mean more trouble-but betrayal is clear (MORE)
95) 12) text: ANGELA(cont'd) And it will come from within your family.
95) 14) dialog: I wouldn’t know...but the bones have never lied.
95) 16) dialog: Your welcome! But tell me, what is your name?
95) 18) dialog: Is that who you are or your name?
95) 20) dialog: Well, then, now I’m all the more interested in seeing how your life turns out. Eragon smiles. EXT. JEOD’S HOUSE - TEIRM - DAY Eragon walks up onto the porch and into the house. INT. JEOD’S HOUSE - TEIRM - DAY Eragon walks down the hallway and comes to the large doub door. He is about to open it but hears Brom and Jeod’s vo inside. He stops and looks through the crack in the middl the door.
139) 0) text: Ajihad swings his sword into a Kull, it falls to the grou Angela is battling off dozens of Urgal’s.