102) 0) text: Arya is lying on a small, brick bed that hangs from the w by two chains. 83. Arya’s face is bruised and has dried blood on it. Arya lo up toward us. Sadness covers her face.
108) 1) text: Arya looks at Eragon with tears in her eyes. Her body is covered with bruises. After a moment, she collapses. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - NIGHT Eragon, Saphira, and Murtagh are lying on the ground, asl Tornac and Snowfire are also asleep. About three miles ahead of them is GIL’EAD, a large city. Eragon sits up, grasping Zar’rocs pommel. He looks around a moment but doesn’t see anything. He lays back down and closes his eyes. A LOUD GROW comes from an Urgal a little ways away from Eragon. Eragon opens his eyes, in surprise and fear, and sits up. grabs Zar’roc and stands to his feet.
113) 0) text: Eragon runs into the room, out of breath. Murtagh, carryi Arya, walks into the room a moment later. There are weapons on shelves all over the Guardroom. In t corner of the room is Zar’roc. Eragon runs over to Zar’roc and straps it to his side. Eragon closes his eyes.
114) 0) text: Saphira flies high into the sky with Eragon, Murtagh, and Arya on her back. Down below Gil’ead can be seen. Arrows begin to fly from OUTER WALLS. They pierce Saphira’s wings. Saphira lets out a loud grow 94.
115) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh are ridding their horses over the Hada Desert, which continues on to the horizon. Saphira, carrying a tied down Arya on her back, dives dow from the sky and gets closer to the ground.
116) 0) text: Saphira is now landed, sitting on the ground providing sh for Eragon, Arya, and Murtagh. Arya’s face is red and wet with sweat.
116) 4) dialog: You must get me to the Varden. There is no time to waste.
117) 0) text: Eragon and Arya.
117) 1) dialog: You must make for the Beor Mountains on the other side of the Hadarack Desert. I only have a few more days left if you do not get me there.
117) 3) dialog: The Varden must be warned. The fate of Alagaesia is in your hands.
118) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh continue to ride their horses across t Desert. Saphira glides over top of them with Arya on her back.
122) 0) text: Saphira, with Eragon and Arya on her back, abruptly lands the ground in front of a sleeping Murtagh. Murtagh jumps up to his feet, sword in hand. After a mome he realizes that it’s Eragon.
131) 6) dialog: Thank you, Eragon, for saving me. Eragon looks at Arya’s face, entranced.
131) 7) dialog: Shall we begin? Eragon backs up, drawing Zar’roc from his side. Arya draw black-handled thin SWORD from her back and holds it out i front of her. Eragon looks worried.
134) 0) text: Six thousand Varden Soldiers and DWARVEN WARRIORS are cro together. At the very front of the army is Ajihad, Arya, and Hrothg A few Dwarf Warriors step forward in front of Saphira and Eragon as they walk toward Ajihad and the others.
135) 0) text: All is silent. The Varden Soldiers look scared. Eragon, now wearing armor, is standing beside a fully arm Saphira. Suddenly, from the Tunnel Doors light begins to flicker. loud yells of the Urgal’s and Kull can be heard. Arya looks into the distance, at the Tunnel Doors. 109.
135) 1) dialog: (Sorrowfully) It has begun. Ajihad looks at the Tunnel Doors.
136) 1) dialog: I will go with her. You must stay and fight.
142) 0) text: Durza and Eragon continue to fight, Durza obviously winni Eragon looks tired and worn. A moment passes and then Durza steps forward and pushes Eragon backwards, causing him to trip. Eragon falls to hi knees. Durza swings his sword and the side of the blade sticks i Eragon’s back. Eragon lets out a horrible cry of pain. BEGIN ERAGON’S POV: Everything is blurry. Durza is smiling. Suddenly, Durza j back as a huge piece of Sapphire hits the ground. END ERAGON’S POV: Hundreds of pieces of Sapphire begins to hit the ground. Eragon looks up, tears in his eyes. 113. Saphira, with Arya on her back, is flying straight toward ground. Suddenly, Saphira opens her mouth and a huge explosion of flames come from it! Durza ducks and drops to the ground to avoid being hit by flame. Eragon grabs Zar’roc of the ground.