17) 0) text: Hundreds of people gather around a huge BONFIRE. Eragon Garrow, and Roran walks up to the group of people. A DARK FIGURE, BROM, an older man with a large beard and bushy eye brows, stands right beside the BONFIRE. Everyon looking at him.
17) 1) dialog: Before your grandfathers fathers were born, and even before their fathers were born, the Dragon Riders were formed. To protect and guard was their mission. And for thousands of years, they succeeded. Their prowess in battle was unmatched. Each of the Riders had the strength of ten men. The crowd is now completely quiet. Only the sound of Brom of the BONFIRE.
17) 2) dialog: They were immortal. Only for good were their powers used. And as they kept the peace, the land flourished. It was a golden time. The Elves were our allies, the Dwarves our friends. But it could not last. Though no enemy could defeat them, they could not guard against themselves. (Beat ) And it came to pass, that in the golden age of Alagaesia, Galbatorix was born.
18) 1) dialog: At the age of ten, he was tested, and the Riders found great power in him. The riders accepted him as their own.
19) 1) dialog: After his training was complete, he took a reckless trip with two friends into the remaining territory of the Urgals. Galbatorix is slaughtering the Urgals with his sword. The Black Dragon is overtaken by Urgals and is falls to the ground, dead.
19) 2) dialog: He killed his attackers, but tragically, his dragon was killed in the battle. And thus the seeds of madness were planted.
20) 1) dialog: For months, he wandered, seeking death, but it did not come. He was found and summoned to the Riders to be judged. He demanded another dragon, but the desperation in his voice revealed before the Council what he truly was.
21) 0) text: Brom is standing in front of the fire, looking around at crowd. 19.
21) 1) dialog: Denied his hope, Galbatorix, through the twisted mirror of madness, came to believe that it was the Riders fault that his dragon had been killed. And so, night after night, he brooded on this, and planned his exact...revenge... (Beat ) Through some ill fortune, he met a Rider named Morzan. Morzan was strong in body, but weak in mind. (Beat ) They slaughtered every Rider they came in contact with. With each kill, their strength grew. Twelve of the Riders joined them because of the desire for power. After this, Galbatorix named himself King over Alagasesia. He's ruled us ever since.
27) 3) text: Eragon knocks on Brom's large, wooden, door. behind Eragon.
27) 4) dialog: What do you want, boy? Eragon turns around, frightened.
27) 6) dialog: Well, you'd better come inside, then; we'll be talking a while. Your questions never seem to end.
28) 0) text: Brom pours two cups of tea. He walks over to and hands Eragon one of the cups. 22. Brom walks up the fire place Eragon is sitting in a small rocking chair. Brom sits dow another rocking chair across from Eragon. Old BOOKS and SCROLLS are stacked up all over the room. Brom pulls a SMOKING PIPE up to his lips and candle that is beside him.
28) 1) dialog: Ah...here we go. (Beat ) Now...what do you want?
28) 3) dialog: A vast subject to tell about. If I were to tell you the whole story we'd still be sitting here next winter. lights it witha 23. Brom sucks on his pipe and lets out a smoke ring.
28) 4) dialog: I'll start with the last item...Dragons. Eragon settles back in his chair and sips his tea.
28) 5) dialog: Dragons have no beginning, unless it lies with the creation of Alagaseia itself. And if they have an end, it will be when this land perishes. Dragon's can communicate with their Riders, also. The dragons, dwarves, and a few other creatures are true inhabitants of this land. Their world was unchanging until the first elves sailed here in their silver ships.
28) 7) dialog: (Scowling) Did you want your first question answered or not?!
28) 9) dialog: No, your not. (Beat ) If you must know, the elves come from a place they call Alalea. No one knows what, or even where it is. Brom sucks on his pipe again and lets out another smoke r
28) 10) dialog: In fact, you were named after an elf. The first Dragon Rider, to be specific. Eragon sits up - his eyes wide open. 24.
28) 11) dialog: Ah...so you didn't know your namesake?
28) 14) dialog: Hmm...lets see...there was Jura, Hirador, and Fundor-who fought the giant sea snake. Galzra, Briam, Ohen...umm...Beroan... Brom stops for a moment and lets a large smoke ring float into the air.
28) 15) dialog: (Whispering) And Saphira... Eragon sits back for a moment. He then sets his tea cup d on a small TABLE that is beside him and then stands up.
28) 17) dialog: (Curious) Eragon? Why the sudden interest in Dragons and such?
28) 19) dialog: Oh.
36) 7) dialog: Eragon! Eragon jerks around and sees Brom calling him. Brom hurries over to Eragon, not seeing the Raz'ac. The Raz'ac stop and glare at Eragon for a moment, and the quietly slip away. Eragon falls to the ground, shivering. Brom pulls Eragon
36) 8) dialog: What's wrong?
36) 10) dialog: You'll recover, but perhaps you'd better go home.
36) 12) dialog: Clumsy me. Brom stands back up and quickly turns Eragon's hand over. Brom looks at the Blue Oval on Eragon's palm for a quick moment and then sets the glove in Eragon's hand. Eragon quickly pulls his arm down.
46) 4) dialog: Eragon! After a moment, Brom comes into view. Eragon looks confus Brom is waving his hands. The side of Brom's head is cove in dry blood. Brom's voice sounds distorted.
46) 5) dialog: Eragon!
46) 7) text: Everything begins to fade out. Brom is rushing towards Eragon. After a moment, everything goes black. END ERAGON'S POV.
61) 1) dialog: Going somewhere? Behind Eragon stands Brom. Eragon swiftly turns around in surprise.
61) 3) dialog: I hope you have enough meat for our dragon. 48.
61) 5) dialog: Don't fool with me. I know where that mark, gedwey ignasia: shining palm, on your palm comes from: you have touched a dragon hatchling. I know why you came to me with all of those questions.
61) 7) dialog: There were clues and hints everywhere. All I had to do was pay attention.
61) 9) dialog: I've talked with her. She has agreed to hover over us until we settle our differences.
61) 11) dialog: Now tell me, where are you going?
61) 13) dialog: And after that.
61) 15) dialog: A mighty task for one so young. Certainly a worthy endeavor and one you are fit to carry out. Thought it strikes me that help would be unwelcome. Brom walks over to a large BUSH and pulls out a large PAC He puts it on.
61) 16) dialog: Anyway, I'm not going to sit around while some stripling gets to run around with a dragon. A few moments pass.
61) 18) dialog: Well then we had best be going. (Beat ) I think you'll find that you're dragon will listen to you now.
65) 0) text: Eragon looks up at Brom.
67) 2) dialog: Probably. Shall we go?
67) 4) dialog: It's already been taken care of. I sent a letter to him explaining a few things. Satisfactory? Eragon simply nods and they begin to walk down the street
68) 0) text: Saphira dives towards the ground. Brom and Eragon can be standing by the ruins of Eragon's house.
69) 1) dialog: What's it's name?
69) 4) dialog: Where to now?
69) 6) dialog: Do you have a place in mind?
70) 0) text: A large, irregular clearing is right in the center of the forest. Eragon and Brom walk into the clearing. Saphira lands rig in the center of the clearing.
70) 1) dialog: Does anyone else no about this? 52.
71) 0) text: There is now a FIRE in the center of the clearing. Brom a Eragon are sitting by it. Saphira is curled up around the Brom is quietly smoking his pipe and looking into the fir
71) 2) dialog: I have vested interest in keeping you alive.
71) 4) dialog: To put it bluntly, I'ma storyteller and I think you'll make a fine story. (Beat)s Eragon, you're the first dragon Rider to exist out of the king's control in over a thousand years. What will happen you? Will you die a martyr Join the Varden? Or will you k King Galbatorix? All fascinating questions. And I will be there to see every bit of it. A few moments pass. Eragon gazes into the fire.
71) 6) dialog: Very well. If it's answers you want, its answers you'll get, but they may not be to your liking. Brom stands up and walks over to his Pack near the edge o the clearing. He picks it up and sets it down by the fire 53. He then opens the Pack and pulls out a long OBJECT, aroun three feet long, that is wrapped in CLOTH. Slowly, Brom pulls the cloth away from the object, revell a SWORD. The Sword has a golden handle that has a red RUBY the siz a bird egg engraved in it. It's BLADE is crimson red. After all of the cloth is pulled away, Brom hands the Swo to Eragon.
71) 7) dialog: This was once a Riders blade. It's name is Zar'roc. Eragon swings it around a few times.
71) 9) dialog: It doesn't matter. All I will say is that it took me many nasty and dangerous adventures to attain it. Eragon swings it one more time.
71) 10) dialog: Consider it yours. You have more of a claim to it than I do. And before all is done, I think you will need it. Eragon holds the sword up and looks at the blade.
71) 12) dialog: Now, if you must know, anyone can learn to speak to a dragon, with the right knowledge. (MORE)
71) 13) text: BROM(cont 'd) I know more about dragons than almost everyone else alive...I'm offering my knowledge to you as a shortcut, for by yourself, it would take you years to learn. How I know so much, I will keep to myself. Eragon and Brom sit down by the fire again.
71) 15) dialog: Ah, yes. They are called the Raz'ac. They weren't seen before Galbatorix was king. Little is known about them, but I can tell you one thing: they aren't human. When I glimpsed one of their heads I saw something that resembled a beak and they have small, beady eyes. How they manage to speak our tongue baffles me. Brom lights his pipe and sucks in smoke, and lets it out ring.
71) 16) dialog: As for their powers, they are stronger than any man and can jump incredible heights, but they cannot use magic. Be thankful for that, for if they could, you would probably already be in their grasp.
71) 18) dialog: As far as I know, only the two you've seen. But there could be more.
71) 20) dialog: They're the king's personal dragon hunters. Whenever rumor of a dragon or dragon egg is heard by the king, he sends them to search for it. 55. Everything is silent for a little while.
71) 22) dialog: I was sneaking around the Raz'ac's campsite one night, trying to find as my information about them as I could, when they surprised me from the shadows. I managed to get away, but not without this token of my stupidity. Eragon lays back and looks into the sky.
71) 24) dialog: (Apologetic) I was unsure of what to do at the time. I thought I could keep the Raz'ac away from you until they left, and then confront you about Saphira. But they outsmarted me. Its a mistake that I deeply regret and has cost you dearly. Eragon sits up with a demanding look on his face.
71) 26) dialog: I thought I made it clear I wasn't going to talk about that.
71) 28) dialog: You probably haven't thought about it, but most of my life has been spent out of Carvahall. I've played many roles to many people. I've a complicated past.
71) 30) dialog: I'm someone who wants to help you- do not scorn those words, for they are the truest I've ever spoken. But I will not answer your questions.
72) 0) text: Eragon opens his eyes. A few tears run down his cheeks. A a moment, he wipes them away and stands up. Brom is cooking breakfast over the fire. Eragon walks ove and sits down by the fire, with his hands under his armpi
72) 1) dialog: Good morning. Eragon grunts in reply. After a few moments, Eragon stand and walks over to his pack. He pulls out a large piece of leather.
72) 2) dialog: What are you going to do with that?
72) 4) dialog: Oh... (Beat ) Well lets see, there are two types of saddles for dragons. (MORE)
72) 5) text: BROM(cont 'd) One that takes time and tools to make, two things we don't have, and one that is nothing more than a layer between the rider and the dragon.
72) 7) dialog: Better, I can make one.
73) 0) text: Brom ties two final straps of leather together and then stands up, holding a completed saddle. HE walks over to Saphira. She bends down a little, allowing Brom to put th saddle on her back. Brom walks over to Eragon and looks at Saphira.
74) 0) text: Brom and Eragon are lying down by the fire. Brom is smoki his pipe and Eragon is staring into the fire.
74) 1) dialog: Eragon, I'm sorry for the way things turned out. I didn't mean for any of this to happen. Eragon doesn't respond and avoids Brom's eyes. A few mome pas.
74) 2) dialog: We'll need to get horses in Therinsford tomorrow.
74) 4) dialog: I can't keep up with a dragon, and it'll be safer if we travel together.
75) 0) text: The sky is gray and the wind is blowing. Eragon and Brom are walking through the forest. Eragon's sword, Zar'roc, is tied to his waist. Saphira soars over the forest and then darts into the clo
76) 0) text: Eragon and Brom are walking through a large field. A few miles ahead the large village of THERINSFORD can be seen. The buildings and HOMES sit in no particular order and lo fairly run down. Eragon and Brom stop and look at it in disgust.
77) 0) text: Eragon and Brom walk down the crowded street. A young BOY runs past Brom. Brom turns and grabs the Boy by the shoulder. The Boy tur around and looks at Brom.
77) 1) dialog: Do you know where we can buy horses? The Boy points up the street, where a small barn can be s
77) 2) dialog: Thank you.
78) 0) text: The doors are open to the barn. Horse stalls line each si of the building all the way to the back. 59. A middle-aged man, HABERTH, is grooming a beautiful white stallion, SNOWFIRE. Eragon and Brom walk into the barn. Haberth looks up at t as they walk over to him.
78) 1) dialog: That's a beautiful animal.
78) 4) dialog: We need two fast horses with a full set of tack for both. Haberth walks to the back of the barn and grabs two saddl off the wall. He sets them on the ground. Haberth walks over to a BAY horse. He also looks at the B in the stall beside the first.
78) 6) dialog: We'll wake him. Brom looks at the second.
78) 7) dialog: The other, I'm not so sure of.
78) 9) dialog: Mmm...how much will you take Snowfire? Haberth glances at Snowfire. 60.
78) 11) dialog: If you were willing to part with him, how much would all this cost me? Haberth doesn't respond for a moment.
78) 13) dialog: Will this do? Haberth looks in the bag of coins and then at Snowfire.
79) 0) text: Brom is leading Snowfire down the street by his reigns an Eragon is guiding the Bay. Brom quickly leads Snowfire into a small ALLEY between tw houses. Eragon follows him, confused.
79) 1) dialog: Take Snowfire and go to the far side of Therinsford. Wait for me there. Brom hands Eragon the reigns to Snowfire. Eragon looks at reigns, still confused.
80) 0) text: Eragon is standing right outside the SIDE GATE to Therins with Snowfire and the Bay. After a moment, Brom walks through the gate and to Eragon Brom grabs Snowfire's reigns and begins to walk away from Therinsford. 61.
80) 1) dialog: Come.
81) 0) text: Eragon is walking toward the edge of the forest, holding Bay's reigns. Brom is behind him, guiding Snowfire. After a moment, Eragon and Brom enter the forest. Brom ju onto Snowfire's saddle. Eragon looks at the Bay, nervous.
81) 1) dialog: Hurry, we have far to go. Eragon slowly mounts the Bay and looks at Brom. Brom nods head and then Snowfire begins to walk through the forest. Eragon struggles to get the Bay to move, but after a mome they begin to walk behind Brom.
81) 2) dialog: The Raz'ac have defiantly been through here. A man back in town told me. He said they fled like demons from a holy man.
81) 4) dialog: Apparently to get horses, like us.
82) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride their horses into a small clearing, then slide off the saddles and look around. Eragon turns and looks at the Bay.
82) 1) dialog: You should name him. Eragon rubs the side of the Bay's face.
82) 7) dialog: Catch! A wooden sword cracks into Eragon's forehead. Eragon yelp pain and grabs his head. Eragon looks up at Brom, who is flying toward him with hi own sword. Eragon jumps out of the way and grabs the wooden sword Br had thrown at him. Brom, obviously better than Eragon, smacks Eragon on the of the leg with the sword. Eragon falls to the ground and yelps.
82) 10) dialog: Well you can’t just go fight the Raz’ac! Look at you! Can’t even stay on your feet. Eragon stands up and grabs his wooden sword. He runs towa Brom and swings the sword at him. Brom quickly dodges the attack and slaps Eragon on the ba
83) 0) text: The sun is just rising over the tree tops. Eragon and Sap are sleeping. Brom quickly runs over to Eragon and shakes him.
83) 1) dialog: Eragon, wake up. And then walks over to his backpack and continues to pack things up. Eragon slowly opens his eyes and slowly sits up, wincing the pain in his body. He grunts.
83) 2) dialog: Good morning. Eragon scowls.
83) 3) dialog: I just want you to be ready when we find them... Eragon slowly stands to his feet.
83) 5) dialog: We need to get a move on it. We’ve got a mile to go before we reach the plains. 64.
84) 0) text: Eragon is riding Cadoc and Brom is on Snowfire. They are quickly traveling downhill. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - DAY Eragon and Brom, on their horses backs, come out of the forest and stop at the edge of the plains. To the right of Eragon and Brom about a half a mile away, ANORA RIVER can be seen. It stretches off in the opposite direction of Brom and Eragon. Brom points at it-
84) 1) dialog: That’s the Anora River, and our only source of water from until we reach Yazuac, which is where, I think, the Raz’ac have gone.
84) 3) dialog: Due east, and four days away, if all goes well. It’s a small village by the Ninor River. Sapphire lands abruptly beside Brom and Eragon.
85) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride across the plains on Cadoc and Snowf with great speed. A small village, YUZUAC, can be seen a a mile ahead of them. Behind Yuzuac is the NINOR RIVER. Saphire lands by the river and ducks down to hide. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - DUSK Eragon and Brom stop about one hundred feet away from Yuzuac’s front GATE.
85) 2) dialog: Doesn’t mean anything, though.
85) 4) dialog: Yes, they should have.
85) 6) dialog: Still, we need provisions.
85) 8) dialog: We have to. But not like fool...
85) 10) dialog: Well, if there is an ambush, it would be at the front gate. So...
86) 0) text: Eragon and Brom slowly ride into the city on their horses Eragon is behind Brom. A few moments of silence pass and then they come around a corner. Right in front of them is a pile of dead bodies. Eragon covers his noes and looks away. Brom closes his ey in sadness.
86) 2) dialog: The Urgal’s. 66. Eragon looks down at the pile. Lying in the pile is a lifeless middle-aged woman. She is holding tightly to her dead baby. Tears form in Eragon’s eyes. He looks away.
86) 3) dialog: Do you want to wait outside the city until I’m done?
88) 0) text: Eragon runs over to Brom and helps him off his horse. Era looks at Brom’s arm. It’s badly damaged. Eragon closes his eyes and looks up for a moment. After a few moments pass, Saphira lands in the street in rage.
88) 5) dialog: No, I’m fine. Really. We must leave quickly.
88) 7) dialog: Teirm. I have an old friend there. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - DAY Eragon and Brom ride their horses quickly across the plai Brom is leaned over. He’s holding his arm. 68. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - LATER Eragon and Brom continue to ride across the plains. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - LATER About a mile ahead of Eragon and Brom, the edge of mounta can be seen. Both of their horses quicken their speed.
89) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride across the front field of TEIRM. Beh the city lies the ocean, sparkling in the sunlight.
90) 0) text: Eragon and Brom slow their horses down to a walk. Eragon looks at Brom.
90) 2) dialog: No. People have a tendency to remember things they shouldn’t. I will be Neal and you will be my nephew Evan. Eragon looks up at the sky. For just a second, though the clouds, Eragon sees Saphira’s body fly by. He closes his eyes.
91) 0) text: Eragon and Brom slowly ride through the gate. The guards them suspiciously.
92) 0) text: Eragon and Brom slowly ride down the crowded streets. Amo the ROOFTOPS, KNIGHTS are stationed. All along the street Knights can be seen standing around. Everyone seems to have an unpleasant look about them.
92) 2) dialog: Teirm has a history of getting attacked by Pirates, Urgal’s, and other enemies. Teirm is the center of commerce Conflict will always arise where riches are so abundant.
92) 5) dialog: My old friend lives down this road, if I remember correctly. EXT. JEOD’S HOUSE - TEIRM - LATER JEOD’s HOUSE is two stories high and is connected to buildings on the left and right. It looks to be lived in someone rich. Brom knocks on the wooden door. After a moment, he knocks again. A moment later, the sounds of feet moving toward t door can be heard. The door slightly cracks open. Through the crack, we can the eyes of JEOD (55), a gray haired and weary looking ma 70.
92) 7) dialog: No.
92) 9) dialog: Won’t you let us in for only a moment. We’ve come a long way to see you and can’t stay long. Jeod opens the door a bit more. His eyes widen as he sees Brom.
92) 11) dialog: Shh...I don’t want anyone to know our names. Jeod opens the door enough that he can get a good look at Brom.
92) 13) dialog: It’s been a long time... Jeod looks around the street wearily and then motions for Brom and Eragon to come inside.
92) 15) dialog: Eragon, why don’t you look around outside for a little while at let us talk about a few things. Eragon nods his head and turns around.
92) 16) dialog: Try not to draw attention to yourself, though. I don’t want anyone knowing we’re here. Eragon nods his head again and then turns to walk out the door.
95) 22) dialog: Yes. 77. Jeod and Brom continue to talk, but low enough that they cannot be understood. Eragon steps back with a confused look on his face. After moment, he steps forward and walks into the large OFFICE. Books and scrolls are stacked all around the walls and in book cases. A small desk sits in front of a large window (that is closed). Brom and Jeod are sitting in two rockin chairs opposite of each other. Brom and Jeod stop talking when Eragon comes in. They loo at him. EXT. JEOD’S HOUSE - TEIRM - NIGHT The streets are no longer crowded. No one can be seen exc for Knights scattered all over the roof tops of the city. INT. JEOD’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT Eragon and Brom are each sitting in two chairs in front o small fireplace. Behind them are two small beds and a win but that’s it. Eragon looks at Brom, who is staring into the fire.
95) 24) dialog: Hmm?
95) 26) dialog: He was talking about the Varden.
95) 28) dialog: No...they seek to destroy evil...King Galbatorix. 78.
95) 30) dialog: I don’t know...
95) 32) dialog: They lie somewhere in the Beor Mountains, across the Hadarack desert. Eragon sits back in his chair.
95) 33) dialog: You best get some rest. We leave tomorrow.
96) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride quickly across the front field of Te
97) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride down a small path cut into the side the MOUNTAIN. Mountains surround them everywhere in the background. Above them, Saphira can be seen flying through the clouds
98) 0) text: Eragon and Brom are sitting beside a small fire. Eragon l up at Brom.
98) 2) dialog: What kind of idea?
98) 6) dialog: Not usually. It’s easier to do it in a reflective surface such as a pool of water or mirror.
98) 8) dialog: No, not now. You’re tired, and scrying takes lots of strength. I will tell you the words you have to say, but you must promise me you will not attempt it tonight.
98) 10) dialog: Draumr kopa. 79. Eragon closes his eyes and mouths the words a few times t memorize it.
98) 12) dialog: I don’t mean to frighten you, but that is a distinct possibility. Although Roran was gone while the Raz’zac were in Caravahall, I’m sure they still asked questions about him. (MORE)
98) 13) text: BROM(cont 'd) If they get frustrated enough they’1l go back and interrogate Roran. It’s only a matter of time. In the darkness of the forest that grows on the Mountain side, a loud rustling can be heard. Brom looks into the darkness.
98) 14) dialog: (Whispering) What was that? Eragon looks over into the forest
98) 16) dialog: Must have been a bird or something. I thought I saw something, though. Suddenly, Eragon screams out in pain and falls to the gro unconscious.
99) 0) text: ERAGON’S POV: Eragon’s eyes open. His vision is blurry for a few moment but it clears up after a moment, and everything comes int view. END ERAGON’S POV: Tears are rushing out of Eragon’s eyes. He winces at the in the back of his head, where a bunch of dried up blood After a moment, he begins to panic as he realizes that hi arms and legs are tied together. He looks around and sees Brom is tied up, but is unconscious. A hissing laugh can be heard off screen. Out from the woo walks two Raz’zac. One is slightly taller than the other. The tall Raz’zac walks over to Eragon, who is struggling get free. RAZ’AC #1 None of that now. The second and shorter Raz’zac walks over to Brom and dra him a few feet in front of Eragon. 81. The Raz’zac pulls Brom’s head back and holds a dagger to throat. Just then, an ARROW flies out of nowhere and stri the Raz’zac in the shoulder. He lets out a loud howl and drops to the ground, avoiding another arrow. The taller Raz’zac rushes over to the shorter one and pul him behind a small rock a few feet away. Brom stands up and stumbles toward Eragon.
103) 0) text: Eragon sits up quickly, wincing at the pain in his side. turns and looks at Saphira, who is standing beside Brom’s twitching body.
103) 2) dialog: Get me the wine-skin, boy.
103) 4) dialog: Just get me the wine-skin! Eragon turns quickly and grabs a WINE-SKIN from his Pack. Eragon takes the CAP off and hands it to Brom. Brom gulps down the Wine and then sets the Wine-skin down
103) 5) dialog: Come closer. Eragon slides a bit closer to Brom’s body.
103) 6) dialog: I-I-have something to tell you Eragon. Something I couldn’t tell you before. 84. Brom turns his hand over, revealing the same blue OVAL on palm that Eragon has. Eragon looks at it with surprise.
103) 8) dialog: Once upon a time... (Beat ) My dragon’s name was Saphira, like yours, until she was taken away from me. Eragon, guard Saphira with your life, because without her it’s hardly worth living. Eragon looks at Saphira for a moment and then back at Bro who’s face is much paler now.
103) 9) dialog: Era-Era-Eragon... Brom’s body suddenly goes limp.
105) 0) text: Eragon, Murtagh, and Saphira surround Brom’s body, which lying in a large, square hole. Tears fill Eragon’s eyes as he stars at Brom. Saphira steps forward and brings her mouth down to Brom’s grave. A low HUMMING NOISE is heard coming from her stoma A DIAMOND surface appears over Brom’s grave, covering his body. Saphira pulls her head back, satisfied.