0) 0) text: The trees are tall and thick. The wind is blowing lightly tall and thin looking figure stands with his back against tree. This is DURZA, an almost human-like person except for his maroon eyes and crimson hair. Durza closes his eyes and draws his sword up in front of face. The WIND blows again. Durza SNIFFS and then opens his eye
0) 1) dialog: Spread out and hide! Stop whatever it is coming this way...or die! Suddenly, behind Durza, twelve URGALS, men-like creatures with bowed LEGS and ARMS. They also have two curved HORNS above their small ears. They begin to shuffle around. After a moment, each of the Urgals hide down beneath the bushes and behind the trees. Durza peers around the tree and looks up a small PATH tha goes through the forest. A GUST OF WIND blows across the forest. Durza sniffs, smiles, and then leans back against tree.
0) 2) dialog: (Grunting) Get ready! An Urgal moves and a TWIG snaps. Durza hisses with rage. After a moment, three WHITE HORSES emerge from the darkne at the end of the path. Two MALE ELVES sit on the right and left horses, one FEMA ELF, ARYA, a beautiful black haired woman who looks to be her late twenties, is on the center horse. The three Elves draw closer to Durza. The WIND BLOWS towa the horses. They jump up on their back legs and then drop back down on all fours. The two male elves look frightened and then their horses start galloping. Arya's horse bolts forward and leaves th two male-elves behind. All of the Urgals jump from their hiding spots and draw Bows. They launch black ARROWS at the two male-elves, who fall their horses, dead. Durza jumps out from behind the tree and lifts his hand i the air.
0) 3) dialog: Garjzla! A FIRE-BOLT launches from Durza's hand and hits Arya's ho which is a couple hundred feet away. Arya jumps off the horse and lightning speed and lands on ground lightly. Her horse falls down into the dirt beside her. Quickly, Arya gets up and bolts off of the path and into woods at inhuman speeds.
0) 4) dialog: After her! All of the Urgals run after Arya. Durza looks all around. spots a large piece of GRANITE sticking up into the sky. climbs it. Once he gets to the top of the Granite piece, Durza looks over the treetops. He raises his hand up in the air.
0) 5) dialog: Ilstari boetk! A quarter mile section of the forest explodes into flames Arya is running swiftly, the trees in front of her explod into flames. She quickly turns and runs in another direct
0) 6) dialog: Ilstari boetk! Another quarter mile section of the forest burst into fla Arya turns and runs in another direction.
0) 7) dialog: Ilstari boetk! A third quarter mile section of the forest burst into fla creating a ring of fire. Durza looks out over the large ring of fire. Suddenly, t sounds of screaming Urgals are heard. He looks down again. Three of the Urgals fall down to the ground, dead. Durza looks down at Arya, who is running toward him at a swift pace. The remaining Urgals are chasing her. Durza peeks over the edge twenty-foot high granite piece then jumps to the ground, right in front of Arya. Arya turns and runs in the other direction, but the Urgal surround her. She turns and looks for another way out, bu there is none. Durza points at Arya and smiles.
0) 8) dialog: Get her! The Urgal's charge in. Arya pulls a pouch out of her pock and opens it up. She reaches inside and pulls out a beautiful SAPPHIRE STO and raises it above her head and quietly mumbles somethin the ANCIENT LANGUAGE. A flash of light comes from the sto Durza raises his hand toward Arya.
0) 9) dialog: (Angry) Garjzla! A fire-bolt comes from his hand and hits Arya. She collap to the ground. Durza runs over to Arya and looks at her hands. The stone gone. Durza howls rage and throws his sword at a tree. It stick half way though. He then begins screaming. He raises his hand and shoots n bolts of fire at the remaining Urgal. They all drop dead instantly. He walks over to Arya and lifts her off the ground with e He throws her over his shoulder and then pulls his sword the tree. Durza walks back to his horse and gets on, putting Arya behind him. He puts the fire in front of him out and bolts off into darkness.
111) 0) text: Eragon is lying on his bed sleeping. The cell door creeks as it opens. Eragon opens his eyes a sits up. 88. Durza is standing in front of him. Eragon looks confused very scared.
111) 2) dialog: No one of consequence. My name is not what is important here. What is important is who you are. Eragon’s eyes get large. He looks around.
111) 4) dialog: No, it isn’t. Durza stands up.
111) 5) dialog: I will be back soon, my young Rider. And you will have a choice to make.
111) 7) dialog: What side you are on.
111) 9) dialog: And Eragon- Eragon looks up. DURZA (CONT’D) Make the right choice or I swear to you I will kill you. Durza smiles slightly and then walks away. His footsteps be heard walking away. Eragon waits for a moment and then stands up. 89.
113) 3) dialog: Hello there. 93. Eragon jumps to his feet and draws Zar’roc. Durza draws h sword and backs away from Eragon.
113) 4) dialog: Fool. Do you think you can beat me? Durza swings his sword at Eragon. Eragon swiftly pulls Zar’roc up to block it. Druza pushes Eragon back with his foot. Eragon hits the w Durza walks up to Eragon and holds his sword out, ready t push it into Eragon.
138) 0) text: Eragon is fighting Urgal’s as the come through the hole i the ground. A few minutes of fighting pass and then the Urgal’s stop coming through the hole. Eragon sighs and bends over, breathing heavily. After a moment, he turns and runs toward the two Doors. Behind him, there is a loud CRACK! Eragon turns around. A dark FIGURE stands in the dust. The Figure steps forward, revealing that its...Durza! Eragon gasps in fear 112.
140) 0) text: Eragon takes a step back. Durza slowly walks toward him, drawing his sword.
140) 1) dialog: You will die today, Rider. Durza lifts his sword up and swings it at Eragon. Eragon pulls Zar’roc up, blocking Durza’s blade, but the force behind the blow sends Eragon back a few feet.
142) 0) text: Durza and Eragon continue to fight, Durza obviously winni Eragon looks tired and worn. A moment passes and then Durza steps forward and pushes Eragon backwards, causing him to trip. Eragon falls to hi knees. Durza swings his sword and the side of the blade sticks i Eragon’s back. Eragon lets out a horrible cry of pain. BEGIN ERAGON’S POV: Everything is blurry. Durza is smiling. Suddenly, Durza j back as a huge piece of Sapphire hits the ground. END ERAGON’S POV: Hundreds of pieces of Sapphire begins to hit the ground. Eragon looks up, tears in his eyes. 113. Saphira, with Arya on her back, is flying straight toward ground. Suddenly, Saphira opens her mouth and a huge explosion of flames come from it! Durza ducks and drops to the ground to avoid being hit by flame. Eragon grabs Zar’roc of the ground.