1) 0) text: Large MOUNTAINS surround a small FIELD. ERAGON, an averag looking fifteen-year-old boy with dark eyebrows and brown eyes, kneels down and places his hand on a spot of trampl GRASS. After a moment, Eragon stands to his feet and begins to w toward a large FOREST that rest on the side of the mounta Eragon stops right at the edge of the forest and sighs. H pulls his BOW off of his back and knocks an ARROW. He wal into the forest.
2) 0) text: After a few moments, Eragon comes to a quiet stop. He get down on his knees. A large HERD of DEER sit in a small opening in the forest DOE is limping around on the edge of the herd because of broken leg. Eragon smiles and pulls the arrow back. He aims for a mom and then... A huge flash of light blast out of the middle of the herd The deer jump up and run franticly. Eragon releases the arrow but it misses the deer. Eragon stands up. He has a surprised and confused look on his fa He walks over to where the light had come from. A ring of grass is burnt. The beautiful Sapphire Stone from before in the middle of the ring. Eragon hesitates in fear. After a moment, he grabs the st and examines it. It has little WHITE VEINS that run all o it like a Spiderweb. He drops his PACK off his back and onto the ground. He op it and carefully places the Stone inside. Eragon looks around and then stands to his feet. He walks of the small opening and back into the forest. Eragon fin large tree and throws a blanket out at the trunk of it.
2) 1) text: The SUN peeks over the tops of the tall mountains. Eragon opens his eyes.
3) 0) text: Eragon is walking down a small, dirt road. After a moment comes to the edge of a hill. Down at the bottom of the hill, maybe a mile away, rest CARVAHALL, a small village.
4) 0) text: Eragon walks down the street of Carvahall. He stops and a building and enters.
5) 0) text: A small BUTCHER is standing behind a counter toward the b of the room. He's cutting meat. This is SLOAN, a man in h early 40s. He has a constant angry look in his eyes. Eragon walks up to the counter. Sloan stops cutting the m and looks up.
5) 2) dialog: None.
5) 4) dialog: I don't exactly have any, but I do-
5) 7) dialog: I can't wait until tomorrow, Sloan. It'll be worth your while, though; I found something to pay you with. Eragon sets his pack down on the counter and pulls the Sapphire Stone out. He holds it in front of Sloan.
5) 9) dialog: I didn't steal it! I found it in the Spine when I was hunting! Sloan looks up in surprise at the mention of the Spine. H slams his KNIFE down onto the counter.
5) 22) dialog: As much as I could.
5) 25) dialog: Thank you.
5) 27) dialog: I guess this belongs to you.
6) 0) text: Eragon and Horst walk out of Sloan's store.
6) 1) dialog: Oh, I forgot! Roran wanted me to get a message to Katrina, can you give it to her?
6) 3) dialog: He wants her to know that he'll come into town as soon as the merchants arrive and that he’1ll see her then.
6) 5) text: (Embarrassed) No. He also wants her to know that she is the most beautiful girl he has ever seen and that he thinks of nothing else. Horst face breaks into a large grin. He winks at Eragon.
6) 7) dialog: I better be getting back. Garrow's expecting me. Eragon begins to walk down the street. He waves farewell Horst after a moment.
7) 0) text: Eragon's small WOODEN HOUSE sits in the middle of a large field. Eragon walks toward it slowly. A small flicker of light can be seen in the window of the house.
8) 0) text: Eragon walks into the house with a dragging pace. He look very tired. He walks into the small KITCHEN and sets his pack on the TABLE. A small, pale man walks into the Kitchen. This is GARROW, hungry looking old man.
8) 1) dialog: Where's Roran?
8) 4) dialog: Horst paid for it.
8) 6) dialog: I didn't accept charity. Horst told me I could work it off at his forge this coming spring.
8) 8) dialog: I don't know how I'll do it. Besides, I found something that could be worth some money. Eragon reaches into his pack and pulls the Sapphire Stone and sets it on the table. Garrow bows over it. His face turns ravenous, and his han start to twitch.
8) 10) dialog: Yes. It just appeared while I was hunting. Came out of no where. It scared all the deer off, too. Garrow looks over the Stone for a few more moments.
8) 11) dialog: Anyway, its good to be home, uncle.
9) 0) text: Eragon walks into his room. He sets his pack down on the floor beside the wall and walks over to his bed. The Sapp Stone is in his hand. He looks at it for a moment and then places it under his and then goes to sleep.
10) 0) text: The sun is just beginning to rise over the peaks of the Mountains that surround GARROW'S FARM. Smoke rises from t CHIMNEY on top of Eragon's house. Snow lies over the ground and in the tree's and on the to Eragon's house.
11) 0) text: Eragon walks into the kitchen. He YAWNS and STRETCHES and then sits down at the table. Garrow is sitting at one end RORAN, a nine-teen year-old man. Each of them have a piec meat on their plate. Eragon begins to eat his food.
11) 7) dialog: Come and see. Eragon and Roran both get up and walk out of the Kitchen.
12) 0) text: Eragon comes through the door. Roran walks in behind Erag The Sapphire Stone is sitting under Eragon's bed, where h had left it. Eragon reaches under his bed and grabs the Stone. He holds it up for Roran to grab it. Roran hesitates for a moment and then takes the Stone fro Eragon.
13) 0) text: TENTS line the front of Carvahall. Hundreds of people wal around looking at various things. A WAGON, being pulled by horses, comes over a small hill rides down toward the group of tents. The wagon stops to the side of all the tents. Eragon and Roran jump off the wagon. Garrow slowly climbs down the s of the wagon. 13. Garrow puts his hands in his pocket and pulls out a few coins. He divides it up and then hands the coins to Erago and Roran.
14) 0) text: Merlock comes through the entrance of the tent, Eragon an Garrow come in behind him. 14. Merlock picks up a stack of books off of two chairs and gestures toward them.
14) 8) dialog: But what is it worth!?
14) 12) dialog: Because, I found this in the Spine. People around here don't care to much for the place.
14) 16) dialog: Why haven't we heard of this?
15) 0) text: Garrow is walking swiftly through the thick crowd toward entrance to Carvahall. Eragon is walking behind him, tryi to keep up.
15) 1) dialog: What do you think?
16) 0) text: Horst, Eragon, Garrow, Roran, and various other people si around a large, wooden table. Everyone is laughing and ea and drinking. MORN, a rough looking man, leans forward with a dark look his eye. Everyone gets quiet.
16) 3) dialog: For who?
17) 0) text: Hundreds of people gather around a huge BONFIRE. Eragon Garrow, and Roran walks up to the group of people. A DARK FIGURE, BROM, an older man with a large beard and bushy eye brows, stands right beside the BONFIRE. Everyon looking at him.
22) 0) text: Eragon and Roran are sitting in the back of the WAGON, Ga is in the front, controlling the horses. Eragon sits stil He looks as if he is in deep thought.
23) 0) text: A small candle on Eragon's DRESSER lights the room. He pu the Sapphire Stone out of his pack and sets it own his be He pulls out a small, wooden HAMMER and taps it. After a moments of tapping it in different places, he shakes his head, sets the Stone on his dresser, and climbs into his Quickly, his eyes close and he falls asleep. DARKNESS... A loud SQUEAK is heard. 20. A candle is lit and Eragon's room comes into view. Eragon holding it. He sets the candle down on his dresser and lo around. The SQUEAK is heard again. It's coming from the Sapphire Stone. Eragon turns around and looks at it.
23) 1) dialog: (Whispering) I've got nothing but trouble ever since I found you...and now you won't even let me sleep! Eragon gets back in his bed and closes his eyes. The Ston SQUEAKS again. And it begins to ROCK. Eragon sits up in h bed and scowls.
23) 2) dialog: (Whispering) I don't care how valuable you are! I'm gonna destroy you! CRACKS begin to appear on the Stone. Eragon stands still, looks at it. Entranced. More CRACKS appear, and run strai to the top of the Stone. After a moment, a small piece at the top of the Stone bre away from the rest, and falls to the floor. A small HEAD appears pokes out of the hole in the top of Stone! Eragon steps back from the stone. After a moment, a shado body is standing beside the stone. Eragon looks shocked. It's a baby DRAGON! It's no longer Eragon's forearm, and its SCALES are deep SAPPHIRE BLUE. After a moment, the dragon begins look around and walk ar the dresser. Eragon reaches out with his hand and touches it on the ba A blue FLASH comes from the dragon and launches Eragon ba onto the floor. Eragon lets out a scream. After a second, Eragon gets up the floor and listens to make sure no one is coming. Eragon's hand turns red. He begins to scratch it, but sto and looks at his palm in fear. A large blue OVAL appears the skin of his palm. A few moments later a COLLAGE of VOICES can be heard. Era puts his hands on his head and closes his eyes. 21. A few seconds later he throws his hands down. The voices stop. Eragon is out of breath. Eragon quietly walks out of his room and closes the door.
24) 0) text: Eragon opens a large box and pulls out a long strip of ME He walks back toward his room.
25) 0) text: Eragon walks into the room and quietly closes the door. H takes the strip of meat and sets it beside the dragon. Th dragon sniffs it at first and then starts to eat it. Eragon smiles. After a moment, the dragon lay's down on i back and falls asleep. Eragon waits a moment, and then ge picks the dragon up and takes it over to his bed. He sets down and then climbs onto his bed and lay's down beside i
25) 1) dialog: What am I going to do with you...?
26) 0) text: The sun is peeking over the tree tops. Eragon runs down t dirt road. He's holding the dragon. After a moment, he wa off the path and into the FOREST.
27) 0) text: Eragon walks deep into the forest. After a moment, he sto at a large, snow covered TREE. Eragon puts a small, leath blanket over the dragon and sets it up on one of the limb
27) 1) dialog: Welcome home...for now...I don't know what I'm going to do with you. Eragon takes a small rope and ties it to the dragons leg. then takes the other end of the rope and ties the dragon the tree.
27) 2) dialog: Don't go trying to get away...I don't know what the others would do to you if they were to find you. But I don't want to find out.
27) 3) text: Eragon knocks on Brom's large, wooden, door. behind Eragon.
27) 5) dialog: I...wanted to ask you a few questions.
28) 0) text: Brom pours two cups of tea. He walks over to and hands Eragon one of the cups. 22. Brom walks up the fire place Eragon is sitting in a small rocking chair. Brom sits dow another rocking chair across from Eragon. Old BOOKS and SCROLLS are stacked up all over the room. Brom pulls a SMOKING PIPE up to his lips and candle that is beside him.
28) 2) dialog: Well, I've heard a lot about the Dragon Riders and their great accomplishments, and most everyone wants them to return. But I've never heard any stories about how they were started and what made them so special.
28) 6) dialog: Where did the elves come from?
28) 8) dialog: (Embarrassed) Sorry. Brom chuckles under his breath.
28) 12) dialog: No. Eragon looks confused. Brom stands up and walks out of the room with his tea cup After a moment, he returns with a full cup of tea. He sit down on his chair and takes a sip of tea.
28) 13) dialog: Do you remember any of the dragon names?
28) 16) dialog: Well, it's getting late and I should get back...
28) 18) dialog: Umm...I heard a couple of...traders talking about it.
28) 20) text: Eragon walks through the front door of into the kitchen. Garrow and Roran are table. They each have a plate of food. empty seat. A plate of food is already For a few moments everything is silent Garrow for a moment and then back down
28) 23) dialog: What's his name?
28) 25) dialog: Oh.
28) 33) dialog: What?!
29) 0) text: Eragon is walking through the forest until he comes to th TREE that he had left the dragon in. The dragon is sitting right where Eragon left it. It is s tied to the tree. Eragon takes the rope off of the dragon and pulls it out the tree. ground. He looks at it for a second and then sets it on the
29) 2) dialog: You need a name...I heard a few today; Maybe you'll like one. Let's see...there was Vanilor, Eridor-
29) 4) dialog: Umm...there was Ingothold...wait a second! Your not a he...your a she, aren't you. The dragon sets its head down on the ground.
29) 5) dialog: Well, lets see then...I don't remember any na--wait--are you...Saphira?
30) 0) text: The sun is rising above the trees. Snow covers the ground Eragon, Roran, and Garrow are standing on the front porch
31) 0) text: Eragon and Roran have packs on. Garrow is standing by the door with a sad look on his face.
32) 0) text: Eragon and Roran are walking down the street. They come t the SMITHY and walk inside. 28.
33) 0) text: Eragon and Roran come through the door and stop. DEMPTON Horst are standing side by side in front of the counter. Eragon and Roran walk over to them.
34) 0) text: Horst walks out of the door and stands on the side of the dirt street. A moment later, Eragon comes out and stands beside Horst.
34) 1) dialog: What do you think of him?
34) 4) dialog: If you're asking about payment for the meat, I haven't forgotten.
34) 6) dialog: I do, but why do you ask?
34) 10) dialog: Thank you for telling me. Would you happen to know where these men are?
34) 12) dialog: Alright, if you think I should.
34) 14) dialog: I'll leave right now. Eragon turns and runs inside of the Smithy.
35) 0) text: Eragon comes through the door and embraces Roran.
35) 2) dialog: There's nothing for me to do! You can't expect me to sit around and do nothing all day!
35) 4) dialog: (Hastily) I'm sure it won't seem that long. Eragon and Roran embrace one last time and smile at each other.
35) 5) dialog: Good bye, cousin.
36) 0) text: Eragon comes through the door and walks past Horst. Eragon walks down the street until Horst is out of sight then ducks behind a building. Eragon runs through alley ways quietly until he hears the mumbling words of three people. Eragon stops and pokes his head around the corner of the building. Two BLACK FIGURES, the RAZ'AC, are standing in front of Sloan.
36) 3) dialog: (Quietly) He's telling them! Eragon turns and looks at the Raz'ac and Sloan again.
36) 9) dialog: Nothing. I just got a little dizzy all of a sudden. I don't know why, though.
36) 11) dialog: I think you're right. Maybe I should go home. Eragon looks worried. Brom holds out his hand, Eragon shakes it. Brom pulls his hand back and accidently pulls Eragon's GLOVE off. It fal to the ground. Brom bends down and picks it up.
36) 13) dialog: Goodbye. 33. Eragon turns and walks away. Behind him, Brom starts to whistle a merry tune.
37) 0) text: Eragon is running as fast as he can down the road. Sweat rolling down his face. He comes to the end of the path. A a mile away, Eragon's house is sitting in a field. Garrow standing by the BARN that is beside the house.
37) 1) dialog: I must tell him about her. Eragon closes his eyes and looks up.
37) 2) dialog: Saphira! A moment passes.
37) 5) dialog: There were strangers in Carvahall today. They were dressed in black and carried swords...they were asking about the egg.s Saphira jumps up onto her back legs and lets out a loud r
37) 7) dialog: Saphira! Garrow will hear! Saphira continues to kick her front legs into the air. Sh lets out another roar. 34.
37) 9) dialog: That's enough! Everything is going to be alright. Saphira calms down and then kicks off the ground and fly' into the air.
37) 10) text: Everything below is quickly disappearing. The sky ahead i zooming toward Eragon.
37) 12) dialog: We have to go back! Those strangers are coming! Garrow has to be warned! Saphira doesn't answer. A few moments pass and then large mountains come into view all around. A gust of wind batters against Eragon. Saphira moves her neck. Eragon is jerked to one side. He winces in pain and looks down at the ground. Suddenly, Saphira begins to spiral toward the ground. Aft moment, she drops into a small opening in the forest belo
38) 0) text: As Saphira hits the ground, Eragon quickly slides off her hits the ground. Eragon's legs buckle and he falls down. HE winces and the looks down at his legs. They are bleeding badly through h pants on the inside of his thighs. 35.
38) 1) dialog: Great! Eragon winces again.
38) 2) dialog: Why did you do this?! Garrow needs our help!
38) 4) dialog: You take me on this ridiculous journey when Garrow needs us, and your scales have scrapped the skin of my legs! Is that what you wanted!
38) 6) dialog: I'm going to freeze if you don't make a shelter for me. Saphira walks over to Eragon and curls up around him. Her stomach rumbles.
38) 7) dialog: Garrow... (Beat ) What have I done? A single tear roles down Eragon's face. He closes his eye
39) 0) text: All is still. Smoke is rising from the chimney. Suddenly, house appears to be on fire. Two black figures bust down the door of Eragon's house an walk in.
41) 0) text: Eragon, panicking, opens his eyes. Sweat is layered acros his face. Saphira is still lying over him.
41) 1) dialog: Get up! Saphira starts to move a little bit, and then stands all way up and moves. Sunshine blinds Eragon. After a moment, he gets up and wobbles over to a tree. Eragon breaks a branch off of the tree and uses it asa crutch. He looks at Saphira.
41) 2) dialog: Will you take me home? Saphira cocks her head up in the air.
41) 3) dialog: I know you don't want to, but we both owe it to Garrow. He as taken care of me, and through me, you. Is that a debt you are willing to ignore? Saphira turns and looks at Eragon.
41) 4) dialog: What is to be said of us in the years to come? That we hid like cowards while my uncle was in trouble? Even a Shade would run from you, and yet you hide in the mountains like a frightened Rabbit! Saphira lets out a roar and jumps back onto her back legs a moment. Then she looks at Eragon.
41) 6) dialog: Foolishness or not, there is no other choice. Eragon takes a knife from his pocket and cuts two parts o his shirt off. He walks over to Saphira and slowly and painfully climbs onto her back. Eragon takes the two pieces of shirt and puts them under thighs. Saphira jumps into the air. Eragon winces.
41) 7) dialog: Faster!
42) 0) text: Saphira is flying low to the ground and is moving very fa Eragon is clinching on to her back. Eragon looks at the ground. There is a burning house and burning barn. Eragon looks scared. Saphira dives down tow the ground.
43) 0) text: Saphira lands on the ground. Eragon's house and barn is collapsed. Some wood is still burning. Eragon jumps off Saphira, yelping at the pain. His eyes are full of tears. looks scared, angry, and shocked.
43) 1) dialog: Uncle! There is no answer. Eragon's eyes are red. He runs toward house.
43) 2) dialog: Uncle! Eragon starts looking through the scraps of wood. He is s crying.
43) 3) dialog: This is your fault! If you hadn't taken me away!
43) 5) dialog: We could have warned him! Eragon drops to his butt and grabs his legs in pain. For moment he just looks around in tears. Then he spots something! A pale hand is sticking up out of the wood. Eragon rushes over to the hand and pulls the wood away. It's Garrow. His face is burnt and deformed and so is the rest of his body. Eragon grabs Garrow's hand and starts to cry even harder.
43) 6) dialog: Uncle! Eragon looks over Garrow's body for a moment. Garrow's ot hand has a piece of torn, black, fabric that matches the clothes of the Raz'ac. Eragon takes the piece of fabric and holds it up. Anger a rage fills his eyes.
44) 0) text: Garrow's body is tied up to two boards that are hooks to Saphira's stomach. Eragon slowly climbs onto her back. He winces in pain.
44) 1) dialog: Now! Saphira jumps into the air at incredible speed. Blood is dripping from Eragon's legs.
45) 1) dialog: Fallow the road. It'll give you enough room to land.
45) 3) dialog: It doesn't matter anymore! 39. Saphira roars and then drops down a little lower to the ground and begins to fallow the road. A few moments pass and then Carvahall comes into view onl couple of miles ahead. Saphira buckles her wings and drops toward the ground.
46) 0) text: Saphira lands on the ground softly and bends down. Eragon painfully slides off and walks around to Garrow's body. Eragon untied Garrow and sets him on the ground. He then takes one of the boards and roles Garrow onto it and ties down.
46) 1) dialog: Find yourself a place to hide. You'll have to take care of yourself for a while.
46) 3) dialog: I can't do this! For a moment Eragon waits, and then starts to walk again tears in his eyes. A few moments pass.
46) 7) text: Everything begins to fade out. Brom is rushing towards Eragon. After a moment, everything goes black. END ERAGON'S POV.
47) 0) text: Eragon opens his eyes. He is lying in a small bed in an e room. The door is open. There is a fireplace that is burning. In front of the fireplace sits an OLDER WOMAN, GERTRUDE. She is sitting i small rocking chair. She's asleep. After a moment, Eragon sits up. He winces in pain. Gertrude opens her eyes.
47) 2) dialog: Well enough, where's Garrow?
47) 4) dialog: How is he? There is a long silence.
47) 6) dialog: I have to see him. 41. Gertrude gets up and walks over to a small table. There i small pot and a bowl with a spon in it, lying on the tabl
47) 8) dialog: How long have I been here?
47) 10) dialog: (Whispering) Saphira!
47) 12) dialog: Nothing. Gertrude walks over to Eragon and hands him a bowl full o soup. Eragon sups the soup carefully.
48) 0) text: Eragon can be seen through the window of Gertrude's house
49) 0) text: Eragon takes a sip of his soup and then sets the bowl to side.
49) 1) dialog: Now can I see Garrow?
50) 0) text: Horst large, two story house, sits on a large hill. 42. Eragon and Gertrude are slowly walking toward it. Eragon leans against Gertrude as he limps along.
51) 0) text: Eragon and Gertrude are standing on Horst's porch. Gertru knocks on the door. A few moments pass and then Horst's wife, ELAIN, a woman her late thirties, comes to the door
51) 4) dialog: It's OK, I can do it.
52) 0) text: Garrow's deformed body is lying on a small bed in the cor of the room. Gertrude is examining Garrow. She has her ha on his forehead. 43. Eragon slowly walks into the room. Elain following right behind. Eragon walks over to the bed. He looks at Garrow's burnt face. A tear rolls down his cheek. Katrina is standing by the fireplace in another corner boiling rags. Eragon lifts the blankets that cover Garrow's stomach. Th are bandages covering all over him. Gertrude takes on of off. A large burn mark is seen for a moment, and then Gertrude puts another bandage on. Eragon looks at Gertrude with hopeless eyes.
52) 1) dialog: Can't you do anything?
52) 4) dialog: I want to stay.
52) 5) dialog: Don't worry, you can come back. Why don't you come down and get some of my fresh apple pie?
53) 0) text: Eragon and Elain walk into the kitchen. Horst is sitting the table eating a slice of pie. Eragon walks over to the table and sits down. Elain bring him a slice of pie and a glass of milk.
53) 1) dialog: (Quietly) Thank you.
53) 2) text: Eragon takes a bite of the pie.
53) 4) dialog: Terrible. Eragon takes a few more bites.
53) 6) dialog: Know what?
53) 8) dialog: I don't really remember. Horst leans forward.
53) 10) dialog: I'm tired. I'm going back to Gertrude's house to sleep.
53) 12) dialog: Do you have enough room?
54) 0) text: Eragon is lying in a bed that's just like Garrow's. 45. A few moments pass and then Gertrude comes in through the door. Eragon opens his eyes and looks at her.
54) 1) dialog: How is he?
55) 0) text: Eragon jolts upright. He is breathing hard and sweat is layered across his forehead. The SOUNDS of people mumbling can be heard down the hallw Eragon slowly gets up from his bed and walks out into the hallway. Garrow's door is open and people are gathered around. Eragon looks pale as he walks to Garrow's room. Everyone makes room for Eragon to get through. They all look sad. Garrow is lying his bed. He has a new pair of clothes on his hands are crossed over his stomach. Tears begin to fl out of Eragon's eyes. Elain rushes over to Eragon and put her arms around him. After a few moments pass, Elain guides Eragon back to his room.
56) 0) text: Elain stops at the door and watches Eragon lay down on hi bed. After a moment, she walks over to the bed and stands beside him. Eragon raps up with his blankets. His eyes are full of te
56) 1) dialog: He didn't deserve this! Elain's hand touches Eragon's head. Eragon continues to c 46.
57) 0) text: Eragon is sitting by the window. Tears flow down his chee
57) 1) dialog: I can't live with this.
57) 3) dialog: What would you have me do? Garrow's gone forever!
57) 5) dialog: What do you want me to do...pursue the strangers?
57) 7) dialog: Am I strong enough for this?
57) 8) dialog: You have me. (Beat ) There is nothing left for you here. And there's nothing more dangerous than an enemy with nothing to lose. And that is the very thing you have become. A few moments pass and then Eragon looks at the door
57) 9) dialog: I will go. Eragon stands up. He slightly winces but walks over to hi bed without problem. HE grabs his pack off the floor and it on the bed. He opens it and packs a pair of clothes in 47.
58) 0) text: Eragon quietly walks down the stairs. He then walks over the door and listens.
59) 0) text: Eragon stays low as he walks off the porch and down the street. No one else is outside. Eragon stops at Sloan's Butcher S He looks around and then, quietly, enters the building.
60) 0) text: Eragon looks around as he walks behind the counter. He sp a large slab of meat and walks over to it. Eragon bends down and grabs the meat and quietly slides i into his Pack. After a moment, he looks around, and then walks out of the building.
61) 0) text: Eragon walks off the porch and starts walking down the street.
61) 2) dialog: What?
61) 4) dialog: (Afraid) What are you talking about?
61) 6) dialog: (Confused) How'd you find out?
61) 8) dialog: Saphira, we've been found out! I need you! Saphira does not answer. Eragon looks very confused and frustrated.
61) 10) dialog: How could you tal-
61) 12) dialog: I was going to...find a safe place for me to rest while I heal.
61) 14) dialog: I...I was going to hunt down the strangers and kill them. 49.
61) 17) dialog: I don't need help, but you can come.
61) 19) dialog: Saphira?
63) 1) dialog: Will you meet us at the farm?
65) 0) text: Eragon looks up at Brom.
65) 1) dialog: I guess so.
67) 0) text: Eragon adjust he Pack.
67) 1) dialog: They're probably looking for me.
67) 3) dialog: I want to leave a letter with Ror-
68) 0) text: Saphira dives towards the ground. Brom and Eragon can be standing by the ruins of Eragon's house.
69) 2) dialog: Saphira. A pleasure look crosses Brom's face. 51.
69) 3) dialog: Of all the names you gave me, its the only one she liked. (Beat ) I think it fits. A moment passes. Brom has an unreadable look on his face. Eragon waits for a moment, and then walks into what is le of his house. He searches for the spot that his room once was, and find it. He looks around for a moment, and then finds his BOw. It's a little scuffed up, but it's not unusable. He looks around for a bit more and finds his QUIVER. The leather isn't harmed at all. He smiles, satisfied. After a moment, Eragon walks over to Saphira and Brom.
69) 5) dialog: We find a place to hide.
69) 7) dialog: Yes. Eragon straps his Quiver to his Pack with a ROPE and then puts it on his back.
69) 8) dialog: Follow me. Saphira jumps into the air.
70) 0) text: A large, irregular clearing is right in the center of the forest. Eragon and Brom walk into the clearing. Saphira lands rig in the center of the clearing.
70) 2) dialog: No. I found it when we first moved here.
71) 0) text: There is now a FIRE in the center of the clearing. Brom a Eragon are sitting by it. Saphira is curled up around the Brom is quietly smoking his pipe and looking into the fir
71) 1) dialog: Why do you want to travel with me? A ring of smoke rises from Brom's mouth.
71) 3) dialog: What do you mean?
71) 5) dialog: That may be, but tell me, how can you talk to Saphira. Brom takes a few moments to put more TOBACCO into his pip
71) 8) dialog: Where'd you get it? Brom takes a few moments and then answers.
71) 11) dialog: It is a princely gift. I'm honored. Brom walks over to his Pack and pulls out a BELT with a l SHEATH on it. He walks back to Eragon and hands it to him Eragon takes it and slowly slides the sword into it.
71) 13) text: BROM(cont 'd) I know more about dragons than almost everyone else alive...I'm offering my knowledge to you as a shortcut, for by yourself, it would take you years to learn. How I know so much, I will keep to myself. Eragon and Brom sit down by the fire again.
71) 14) dialog: Do you have knowledge of the strangers?
71) 17) dialog: How many are there?
71) 19) dialog: Why were they searching for Saphira?
71) 21) dialog: Where'd you get that scar on your head?
71) 23) dialog: When you saw the scar on my palm, why didn't you warn me about the Raz'ac? I could have warned Garrow.
71) 25) dialog: Who are you!? I've trusted you this far because Saphira respects you but no more! Why does a storyteller happen to have a Riders blade? Why do you know so much about the Raz' ax?
71) 27) dialog: My uncle is dead because of you! Dead! You're not the person I've known all these years. Explain yourself! 56. A few long moments pass as Brom lets out smoke rings from his mouth.
71) 29) dialog: Then who are you?
71) 31) dialog: I'm going to sleep. Eragon looks at the stars for a moment, and then closes h eyes.
72) 0) text: Eragon opens his eyes. A few tears run down his cheeks. A a moment, he wipes them away and stands up. Brom is cooking breakfast over the fire. Eragon walks ove and sits down by the fire, with his hands under his armpi
72) 3) dialog: Make a saddle for Saphira.
72) 6) dialog: Do you know what they look like?
73) 0) text: Brom ties two final straps of leather together and then stands up, holding a completed saddle. HE walks over to Saphira. She bends down a little, allowing Brom to put th saddle on her back. Brom walks over to Eragon and looks at Saphira.
73) 1) dialog: Thank you... Brom walks over to the fire. Eragon turns to follow him, stops when Saphira says-
73) 3) dialog: Maybe tomorrow. It's late.
74) 0) text: Brom and Eragon are lying down by the fire. Brom is smoki his pipe and Eragon is staring into the fire.
74) 3) dialog: You do, but I have Saphira. 58. Brom shakes his head.
75) 0) text: The sky is gray and the wind is blowing. Eragon and Brom are walking through the forest. Eragon's sword, Zar'roc, is tied to his waist. Saphira soars over the forest and then darts into the clo
76) 0) text: Eragon and Brom are walking through a large field. A few miles ahead the large village of THERINSFORD can be seen. The buildings and HOMES sit in no particular order and lo fairly run down. Eragon and Brom stop and look at it in disgust.
77) 0) text: Eragon and Brom walk down the crowded street. A young BOY runs past Brom. Brom turns and grabs the Boy by the shoulder. The Boy tur around and looks at Brom.
78) 0) text: The doors are open to the barn. Horse stalls line each si of the building all the way to the back. 59. A middle-aged man, HABERTH, is grooming a beautiful white stallion, SNOWFIRE. Eragon and Brom walk into the barn. Haberth looks up at t as they walk over to him.
79) 0) text: Brom is leading Snowfire down the street by his reigns an Eragon is guiding the Bay. Brom quickly leads Snowfire into a small ALLEY between tw houses. Eragon follows him, confused.
79) 2) dialog: Why? Brom is already gone. Eragon shakes his head.
80) 0) text: Eragon is standing right outside the SIDE GATE to Therins with Snowfire and the Bay. After a moment, Brom walks through the gate and to Eragon Brom grabs Snowfire's reigns and begins to walk away from Therinsford. 61.
81) 0) text: Eragon is walking toward the edge of the forest, holding Bay's reigns. Brom is behind him, guiding Snowfire. After a moment, Eragon and Brom enter the forest. Brom ju onto Snowfire's saddle. Eragon looks at the Bay, nervous.
81) 3) dialog: But why would they come through therinsford?
82) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride their horses into a small clearing, then slide off the saddles and look around. Eragon turns and looks at the Bay.
82) 2) dialog: I don't have anything as majestic as Snowfire, but maybe this'll do. Eragon pauses for a moment 62.
82) 3) dialog: I name you Cadoc. Eragon looks at Brom.
82) 4) dialog: It was my grandfathers name. Brom nods, approvingly. Eragon sits down and arranges a small pile of tender. Suddenly, Saphira crashes through the trees and lands in clearing. Eragon and Brom look at her.
82) 5) dialog: How do the plains look?
82) 8) dialog: What are you doing?! Brom plunges toward Eragon again, and cracks the wooden b of his sword across Eragon’s chest. Eragon gasp’s for air falls down again.
82) 9) dialog: Are you mad?! 63.
83) 0) text: The sun is just rising over the tree tops. Eragon and Sap are sleeping. Brom quickly runs over to Eragon and shakes him.
83) 4) dialog: I won’t be able to move if we meet them, much less fight! Behind him, Saphire picks her head up off the ground. She stands up.
84) 0) text: Eragon is riding Cadoc and Brom is on Snowfire. They are quickly traveling downhill. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - DAY Eragon and Brom, on their horses backs, come out of the forest and stop at the edge of the plains. To the right of Eragon and Brom about a half a mile away, ANORA RIVER can be seen. It stretches off in the opposite direction of Brom and Eragon. Brom points at it-
84) 2) dialog: Where’s that?
85) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride across the plains on Cadoc and Snowf with great speed. A small village, YUZUAC, can be seen a a mile ahead of them. Behind Yuzuac is the NINOR RIVER. Saphire lands by the river and ducks down to hide. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - DUSK Eragon and Brom stop about one hundred feet away from Yuzuac’s front GATE.
85) 1) dialog: It’s quiet. 65.
85) 3) dialog: No dogs bark. They should must have seen us by now.
85) 5) dialog: Could be a trap.
85) 7) dialog: I don’t think we should do it.
85) 9) dialog: What do you mean?
85) 11) dialog: We enter from the back Brom draws his sword and sets it across his lap.
86) 0) text: Eragon and Brom slowly ride into the city on their horses Eragon is behind Brom. A few moments of silence pass and then they come around a corner. Right in front of them is a pile of dead bodies. Eragon covers his noes and looks away. Brom closes his ey in sadness.
86) 1) dialog: Who would do this?
86) 4) dialog: No. I’m fine. Brom looks around for a moment. Suddenly, two Urgal’ jump of nowhere and attack Brom. They each have AXES. Brom fights back with his sword, with obvious skill and knowledge of the blade. After a moment, one of the Urgal’s Axes hacks into Brom’s arm. He screams. Eragon begins to panic.
86) 5) dialog: What do I do? what I do? Suddenly, Eragon jumps off of Cadoc, holding his sword, Zar’oc, and starts running toward them, screaming in fear rage. The Urgal’s look surprised, but turn and begin to defend themselves. After a few moments of fighting, Eragon turns runs away, leading the Urgal’s into an alley.
87) 0) text: Eragon runs into the alley and realizes its a dead-end. H turns around, but the Urgal’s already have him cornered. Eragon drops his sword and pulls his BOW and ARROW from h back. He aims it at the Urgal. Eragon fires, but it hits Urgal’s shield. Eragon gets another arrow and aims it at the Urgal’s agai He closes his eyes and lets out a deep breath. After a moment, he lets the string go and screams-
87) 1) dialog: Brisingr! 67. The arrow lights on fire with a blue flame and hits the l Urgal in the forehead. A shock-wave of blue explodes from arrow and kills all the other Urgal’s, but passes through Eragon. Eragon looks surprised at what he just did. He looks at t symbol on his palm. It’s glowing brightly. He bends down
88) 0) text: Eragon runs over to Brom and helps him off his horse. Era looks at Brom’s arm. It’s badly damaged. Eragon closes his eyes and looks up for a moment. After a few moments pass, Saphira lands in the street in rage.
88) 2) dialog: They’re dead.
88) 4) dialog: Brom will have to ride on your back, Saphira. Brom sits up, wincing at the pain in his arm.
88) 6) dialog: Where do we go?
89) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride across the front field of TEIRM. Beh the city lies the ocean, sparkling in the sunlight.
90) 0) text: Eragon and Brom slow their horses down to a walk. Eragon looks at Brom.
90) 1) dialog: Will we go by our own names?
90) 3) dialog: You should land somewhere and hide. We’re going in.
91) 0) text: Eragon and Brom slowly ride through the gate. The guards them suspiciously.
92) 0) text: Eragon and Brom slowly ride down the crowded streets. Amo the ROOFTOPS, KNIGHTS are stationed. All along the street Knights can be seen standing around. Everyone seems to have an unpleasant look about them.
92) 1) dialog: This place looks ready for war.
92) 3) dialog: Oh... Eragon and Brom continue to ride down the street. After a moment, Brom turns down another street. Eragon realizes i and starts to follow him.
92) 4) dialog: Where are we going?
93) 0) text: Eragon walks out of Jeod’s house and into the street. He looks around. Connected to the right of Jeod’s house is a small SHOP. Inside through small windows, PLANTS can be s Eragon waits a moment and then walks toward the door of t Shop.
94) 0) text: Eragon walks in through the door and walks through the sm Shop. All around, plants and flowers sit on small, wooden table. After a moment, a large WERECAT, a slightly abnormal look cat like creature, walks up and purrs at Eragon. Eragon l down at it. Eragon closes his eyes.
94) 1) dialog: I am a friend. After a moment, a voice is heard.
94) 3) dialog: Saphira? 72. Eragon looks around. After a moment, he closes his eyes again. Eragon looks around and sees what looks like a woo rod. He reaches out for it
94) 5) dialog: Stop playing games Saphira. Eragon turns and reaches for the wooden rod again. He gra it. Suddenly, a shock of electricity shoots through Erago He falls to the ground, writhing. After a moment he stops The Cat walks over to him.
94) 7) dialog: You said that!
94) 9) dialog: But you’re just a cat! The Werecat jumps on Eragon’s chest and sticks its claws him.
94) 11) dialog: No...
94) 14) dialog: I didn’t know you were real.
94) 16) dialog: I’m sorry I disturbed you.
94) 18) dialog: Wait! What’s your name?
94) 20) dialog: I’m sorry...I was...
94) 22) dialog: You can talk to him too?
94) 25) dialog: The first I can’t answer and the second...my future is impossible to see.... 74.
95) 0) text: Eragon and Angela sit around a small table. Angela is hol three bones.
95) 1) dialog: Ready? Eragon nods.
95) 3) dialog: What’s wrong?
95) 13) dialog: Roran wouldn’t do that!
95) 15) dialog: Well, thank you for reading my future. But I really must be going.
95) 17) dialog: Eva-I mean, Eragon.
95) 19) dialog: (Smiling) Both.
95) 23) dialog: Brom?
95) 25) dialog: Who are your...friends that Jeod was talking about earlier? Brom doesn’t answer for a minute.
95) 27) dialog: I heard talk about them back at Thorns bar. Everyone says that they seek to destroy us all.
95) 29) dialog: Will we go to them after the Raz’zac are destroyed?
95) 31) dialog: Where are they?
96) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride quickly across the front field of Te
97) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride down a small path cut into the side the MOUNTAIN. Mountains surround them everywhere in the background. Above them, Saphira can be seen flying through the clouds
98) 0) text: Eragon and Brom are sitting beside a small fire. Eragon l up at Brom.
98) 1) dialog: I had an idea.
98) 3) dialog: Is it possible to conjure an image of something you can’t see with magic?
98) 5) dialog: How does it work? Do you make an image in thin air?
98) 7) dialog: May I try it?
98) 9) dialog: I promise. Brom leans forward a bit.
98) 11) dialog: Maybe tomorrow I can scry Roran. I’m afraid that the Raz’zac might go after him. Brom leans back and sighs.
98) 15) dialog: I don’t know.
99) 0) text: ERAGON’S POV: Eragon’s eyes open. His vision is blurry for a few moment but it clears up after a moment, and everything comes int view. END ERAGON’S POV: Tears are rushing out of Eragon’s eyes. He winces at the in the back of his head, where a bunch of dried up blood After a moment, he begins to panic as he realizes that hi arms and legs are tied together. He looks around and sees Brom is tied up, but is unconscious. A hissing laugh can be heard off screen. Out from the woo walks two Raz’zac. One is slightly taller than the other. The tall Raz’zac walks over to Eragon, who is struggling get free. RAZ’AC #1 None of that now. The second and shorter Raz’zac walks over to Brom and dra him a few feet in front of Eragon. 81. The Raz’zac pulls Brom’s head back and holds a dagger to throat. Just then, an ARROW flies out of nowhere and stri the Raz’zac in the shoulder. He lets out a loud howl and drops to the ground, avoiding another arrow. The taller Raz’zac rushes over to the shorter one and pul him behind a small rock a few feet away. Brom stands up and stumbles toward Eragon.
99) 1) dialog: Get down! Brom drops to his knees in front of Eragon. His eyes turn and become blood-shot. He falls forward. The Raz’zac’s da is sticking out of his back.
99) 2) dialog: (Screaming) No!!! Eragon’s head slowly falls backward and then passes out again. BLACK SCREEN...
100) 0) text: Eragon opens his eyes slowly and realizes where he is. He lying on the ground in a large CAVE. Beside him lies Saph asleep. Eragon looks around and sees a young man, MURTAGH (20), a black haired man with battered clothes, sitting by a smal fire. In Murtagh’s lap is a BOW, and behind him is a gray hours called TORNAC.
100) 1) dialog: Who are you? Murtagh tightens his grip on his Bow.
100) 3) dialog: Why did you help us?
100) 6) dialog: (Wincing) Her name’s Saphira. Eragon looks up at Saphira.
100) 7) dialog: Now let him through! He saved our lives! Saphira lets out another “growl” and moves out of the way Murtagh quickly walks over to Eragon and helps him to his feet.
100) 8) dialog: How is Brom? Eragon, with Murtagh’s help, walks over to Brom, who is sleeping.
101) 0) text: Eragon is lying by the fire, asleep. Murtagh is lying on other side of the fire, also asleep. Eragon roles over. His eyes flicker behind the lids.
103) 0) text: Eragon sits up quickly, wincing at the pain in his side. turns and looks at Saphira, who is standing beside Brom’s twitching body.
103) 3) dialog: But -
103) 7) dialog: Your a-a-a Rider.
104) 0) text: Eragon, Saphira, and Murtagh all walk out of the Cave. Br body is tied to Saphira’s back.
105) 0) text: Eragon, Murtagh, and Saphira surround Brom’s body, which lying in a large, square hole. Tears fill Eragon’s eyes as he stars at Brom. Saphira steps forward and brings her mouth down to Brom’s grave. A low HUMMING NOISE is heard coming from her stoma A DIAMOND surface appears over Brom’s grave, covering his body. Saphira pulls her head back, satisfied.
105) 2) dialog: Thank you. 85.
106) 0) text: Eragon grabs his pack off the ground and slings it over h back. After that, he bends down and grabs Zar’roc off the ground and slides it in his sheath that is strapped to hi side. Murtagh walks up from behind Eragon.
106) 2) dialog: No.
106) 4) dialog: I cannot ask you to stay with me. The entire Empire is after me.
107) 0) text: Eragon walks out of the Cave pulling Cadoc along. He rubs Cadoc’s face and then takes his reigns off and motions fo him to go.
107) 1) dialog: You must leave me now. You are free. Cadoc walks away after Eragon starts pushing him. Murtagh and Saphira come out of the Cave and stop by Erag EXT. THE PLAIN’S - DAY Eragon is on Snowfire and Murtagh is on Tornac. They are riding across the endless Plain’s. Saphira is gliding in the air high above them. 86.
108) 1) text: Arya looks at Eragon with tears in her eyes. Her body is covered with bruises. After a moment, she collapses. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - NIGHT Eragon, Saphira, and Murtagh are lying on the ground, asl Tornac and Snowfire are also asleep. About three miles ahead of them is GIL’EAD, a large city. Eragon sits up, grasping Zar’rocs pommel. He looks around a moment but doesn’t see anything. He lays back down and closes his eyes. A LOUD GROW comes from an Urgal a little ways away from Eragon. Eragon opens his eyes, in surprise and fear, and sits up. grabs Zar’roc and stands to his feet.
108) 2) dialog: (Whispering) Murtagh! Murtagh slowly opens his eyes and sits up.
108) 4) dialog: (Whispering) Look. Murtagh spots the Urgal and jumps to his feet, grabbing h sword beside him on the ground.
108) 5) dialog: Where did he come from? The Urgal begins to let out loud growls and hits its ches
108) 6) dialog: Brisingr! A blue bolt flashes from Eragon’s sword and explodes the Urgal’s head. 87. Loud growls are heard behind Eragon. They turn around. A group of FIFTY Urgal’s is running toward them, swords drawn. Eragon holds Zar’roc in a battle position.
108) 7) dialog: Of all the stupid tricks to fall for! The Urgal’s crash into Eragon and Murtagh. Saphira wakes up, growling. The Urgal’s run toward her.
108) 8) dialog: Saphira, fly! Saphira jumps up into the air. Eragon is hit over the bac the head by an Urgal, falling to the ground...unconscious
109) 0) text: Eragon opens his eyes. After a few moments he realizes wh he is. He sits up and grabs his head, groaning at the pain. After a moment, a GUARD walks into Eragon’s cell with a p of food and a pitcher of water. He sets it down beside Er and then walks away, locking the cell door. Eragon picks up the pitcher of water and sniffs it. He lo of disgust crosses his face. After a moment, he takes a sip of the water. He shivers f the taste.
111) 0) text: Eragon is lying on his bed sleeping. The cell door creeks as it opens. Eragon opens his eyes a sits up. 88. Durza is standing in front of him. Eragon looks confused very scared.
111) 1) dialog: (Slurred) Who’re you?
111) 3) dialog: I don’t really know...my name is Eragon, but that’s not all I am is it?
111) 6) dialog: What choice?
111) 8) dialog: Oh... Durza walks toward the door but stops and turns around.
111) 10) dialog: What on earth is a Shade doing here! (Beat ) I have to get out of here. Eragon walks up to the door and holds his hand out. The L shifts and the door opens slightly. Eragon smiles and then walks out.
112) 0) text: Eragon walks down the Hallway quietly, looking around for guards.
112) 1) dialog: I have to find Zar’roc. Suddenly, the sounds of panicking voices can be heard, an seven Guards walk around the corner, swords drawn.
112) 3) dialog: Brisingr! Three of the Guard’s heads explode and their limp bodies to the ground. The other four Guards slow down a bit, fear in their eyes bit still continue running toward Eragon. Eragon looks tired. He holds his hand out in front of him again.
112) 4) dialog: I can’t do this. (Beat ) Brisin- An ARROW strikes one of the Guards in the back of the hea and he falls over, revealing a HOODED FIGURE, holding a B at the end of the Hallway. The Figure draws another ARROW and shoots it into another Guard. 90. Eragon holds out his hand.
112) 5) dialog: Brisingr! Two more Guards fall over dead. The Figure shoots an ARROW at the last Guard and hits him the shoulder. The Guard falls to the ground, screaming in pain. Eragon runs up the Guard.
112) 6) dialog: Where is my sword? And what cell is the Elf in?
112) 8) dialog: It has a red blade! The Guard does not answer.
112) 9) dialog: Tell me- Eragon bends down and picks up a small piece of dirt
112) 10) dialog: Or I’1l place this piece of dirt in your chest, and slowly it will painfully burn through your insides. Now tell me! The Guard still does not answer.
112) 11) dialog: Have it your way. Eragon closes his eyes. The piece of dirt starts glowing red.
112) 13) dialog: Where is it? 91.
112) 15) dialog: Thank you. The Figure walks up behind Eragon. Eragon quickly turns around.
112) 16) dialog: Who are you? The Figure takes its hood off. It’s Murtagh!
112) 17) dialog: Murtagh! (Beat ) Let’s go. Eragon begins to walk away, but stops when Murtagh doesn’ follow him. The sound of an ARROW being shot into armor can be heard. Eragon quickly turns around. An ARROW is sticking out of Guards chest.
112) 18) dialog: Why’d you kill him?!
112) 20) dialog: He didn’t do anything to you!
112) 22) dialog: You’re such a- (Beat ) Never mind. We have to go! Eragon runs to the end of the Hallway and stops at the la cell on the left. Inside is Arya, lying unconscious on the floor. She is ba bruised. 92. Eragon closes his eyes and holds his hand in front of the cell door. The LOCK shifts and the door opens. Eragon wal in and Murtagh follows. Eragon stops in front of her.
112) 23) dialog: I can’t carry her. I’m too tired.
113) 0) text: Eragon runs into the room, out of breath. Murtagh, carryi Arya, walks into the room a moment later. There are weapons on shelves all over the Guardroom. In t corner of the room is Zar’roc. Eragon runs over to Zar’roc and straps it to his side. Eragon closes his eyes.
113) 1) dialog: Saphira! You have to come!
113) 6) dialog: You killed him! No man has ever been able to kill a Shade! Murtagh smiles proudly.
114) 0) text: Saphira flies high into the sky with Eragon, Murtagh, and Arya on her back. Down below Gil’ead can be seen. Arrows begin to fly from OUTER WALLS. They pierce Saphira’s wings. Saphira lets out a loud grow 94.
114) 2) dialog: We have to go across the Hadarack Desert. The Empire will be searching day and night for us. But they won’t dare cross the Hadarack
114) 4) dialog: We have no choice! Murtagh looks taken back. Fear grows in his eyes.
115) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh are ridding their horses over the Hada Desert, which continues on to the horizon. Saphira, carrying a tied down Arya on her back, dives dow from the sky and gets closer to the ground.
116) 0) text: Saphira is now landed, sitting on the ground providing sh for Eragon, Arya, and Murtagh. Arya’s face is red and wet with sweat.
116) 2) dialog: I don’t know. Eragon looks around, thinking. Suddenly, his face lights
116) 3) dialog: I can connect with animals minds maybe I can do it with her. 95. Eragon puts his hand on Arya’s forehead and closes his ey Suddenly everything get’s blurry and distorted. Nothing c be seen but Eragon and Arya.
116) 5) dialog: How do I get there?
117) 0) text: Eragon and Arya.
117) 2) dialog: I understand.
117) 4) dialog: Warned of what?! Arya does not respond. Suddenly, everything comes back into view and is in focus Eragon gasp for air and falls back onto his back
117) 6) dialog: We must hurry! 96.
118) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh continue to ride their horses across t Desert. Saphira glides over top of them with Arya on her back.
119) 0) text: AS Eragon and Murtagh ride, the bottoms of huge mountains revealed in front of them a few miles away.
119) 1) dialog: (Joyfully) We made it. Eragon and Murtagh begin to ride even faster.
120) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh are riding through the VALLEY. Murtagh stops and climbs off of Tornac. Eragon stops Snow and turns around.
120) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
120) 3) dialog: We must ride through the night. She won’t make it if we stop.
120) 5) dialog: I’m going hunting. We need food. Saphira jumps into the air and flies away. 97.
121) 0) text: Eragon looks down at the ground from Saphira’s back. A fe moments pass. All is silent. Eragon seems to be interested in something. He points int the distance.
121) 1) dialog: Get closer to the ground. Saphira slowly drifts downward. Directly below her is a g of FIVE THOUSAND marching Urgal’s and KULL, beast that lo the same as Urgal’s only much larger.
121) 2) dialog: Hurry, Saphira! We must get back to Murtagh! Saphira begins to flap her wings, bolting them forward.
122) 0) text: Saphira, with Eragon and Arya on her back, abruptly lands the ground in front of a sleeping Murtagh. Murtagh jumps up to his feet, sword in hand. After a mome he realizes that it’s Eragon.
122) 2) dialog: We must go!
122) 4) dialog: Quickly!
123) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh ride their horses through the Valley quickly. Saphira soars through the air above them, with A on her back. Just ahead of them is a Waterfall, the one in the image A showed Eragon. 98.
123) 1) dialog: There!
124) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh quickly stop their horses, just in fro of the pool of water in front of the waterfall.
124) 2) dialog: This is where Arya told me to go. The Varden is somewhere around here.
124) 4) dialog: Yes. Now look for an entran- Suddenly, a giant Kull jumps out of nowhere, sling his AX Eragon. Eragon quickly dodges the Axe and draws Zar’roc. Saphira jumps into the pool and disappears under the wate
124) 5) dialog: They’re here. Hundreds of Kull and Urgal’s begin to flood the Valley, attacking Eragon and Murtagh. Eragon and Murtagh are pushed back to the edge of the wat Three Kull run toward Eragon, but right before they get t him Saphira jumps out of the water, growling. The Kull st in their tracks and begin to back away. Saphira swings her long neck forward and grabs two of the Kull in her mouth and then throws them into the air. Saphira jumps into the air, grabbing three Urgal’s with h claws, crushing them. She slings their bodies into the cr of monsters. Eragon and Murtagh continue to fight, obviously tired. 99. A Kull jumps on Eragon, sending him flying back into the water. The Kull growls loudly and falls over dead, and AR sticking out it’s back. Suddenly, ARROWS begin to fly everywhere, killing the Urg and Kull. Eragon is pulled up onto the shore. He looks around, confused. Behind him stands ORIK, a dwarf dressed in armor. Eragon looks surprised. Beside Eragon is Murtagh. He looks in front of him. VARDEN SOLDIERS are fighting th Urgal’s and Kull, killing all of them. Suddenly EGRAZ, a bald man dressed in purple and golden robes, walks up behind Murtagh and puts a knife to his throat.
124) 7) dialog: What are you doing?!
125) 0) text: Egraz leads Murtagh down the hallway, still holding the k around his neck. Behind them is Eragon, Saphira at his side. They are surrounded by guards. Behind Eragon and Saphira is Orik, who is leading Tornac Snowfire down the Tunnel. And behind Orik is two Varden Soldiers who are carrying A on a large BOARD. Orik turns and leads the horses down another tunnel. After a moment, Egraz turns off into a large ROOM. Egraz stops in the middle of the room, knife still around Murtagh’s neck, and motions for Eragon and Saphira to sta in front of him.
125) 1) dialog: The elf, she needs medicine. She’s going to die! 100.
125) 3) dialog: But she’1l1-
125) 8) dialog: I’m ready. Orik stands beside Egraz.
125) 14) dialog: For what!? Egraz points at Murtagh.
126) 0) text: Eragon and Saphira are following Orik, who is running dow Tunnel.
126) 1) dialog: Where is my horse?
127) 0) text: Saphira walks through the crowd of Peasants toward anothe large set of double doors on the other side of TRONJHEIM, which is a large CITY inside a mountain. All over Tronjheim are small HOUSES built out of stone. INT. AJIHAD’S STUDY - NIGHT Eragon, followed by Saphira, is walking through Ajihad’s study. It is a large, beautiful, book-filled study. On the far side, where Eragon and Saphira are walking to, there is a large desk and tall and thick man. AJIHAD, a d skinned man in his late 30’s. Ajihad turns and looks at Eragon and Saphira, who stop in front of his desk.
127) 2) dialog: Thank you. There is a long moment of silence. Ajihad looks sad. 103.
127) 5) dialog: What do you expect me to accomplis?
128) 0) text: Outside of Ajihad’s Study stands Orik. Eragon and Saphira stop before him.
128) 2) dialog: Thanks you...?
128) 4) dialog: Orik. 104.
129) 0) text: Eragon is sleeping in a small cave-like bedroom. The open of the cave reveals, a thousand feet down, the city of Tronjheim. Eragon opens his eyes. Standing in front of him is Orik
130) 0) text: Eragon and Orik are walking through the large city. Peasa stare at Eragon with smiles. Mixed in with the Varden Peasants are DWARF WOMAN AND CHILDREN, who seem to be ignoring Eragon. In front of Eragon is a Woman Peasant with a little BABY in her hands.
130) 3) dialog: Atra gulia un ilian tauthr ono un atra ono waise skolir fra rauthr. (Beat ) That is all I can do for her.
131) 0) text: Hundreds of Varden Soldiers are training in a large marke off field. In the background, the small Houses can be see people walking all around them. Eragon walks across the field, Orik in front of him. Erag bends down to Orik.
131) 1) dialog: Orik.
131) 3) dialog: That woman...she called me Argetlam. What does that mean?
131) 5) dialog: (Surprised) You’re awake!
131) 8) dialog: I don’t want to hur- Arya jumps forward, jabbing her sword toward Eragon’s stomach. Eragon, surprised, jumps back. Arya’s sword barely misses him. 106. Eragon swings Zar’roc at Arya. She quickly hits it aside swings her sword toward Eragon. Eragon blocks it. Suddenly, Arya spins her sword around, flinging Zar’roc o of Eragon’s hand. Arya pokes Eragon in the stomach, victorious. Eragon looks embarrassed. Orik steps up beside Eragon.
131) 11) dialog: I am sorry for the trouble my arrival has caused everyone.
131) 13) dialog: I will be. 107.
132) 0) text: Eragon is lying on the ground beside Saphira. They are bo asleep. Suddenly, a LANTERN comes into view. Holding it is Orik Eragon slightly opens his eyes, looking around.
132) 1) dialog: What is it?
132) 3) dialog: Why?
133) 0) text: Eragon and Saphira follow Orik, who is walking very quick through the Tunnel
134) 0) text: Six thousand Varden Soldiers and DWARVEN WARRIORS are cro together. At the very front of the army is Ajihad, Arya, and Hrothg A few Dwarf Warriors step forward in front of Saphira and Eragon as they walk toward Ajihad and the others.
134) 2) dialog: Why?
134) 4) dialog: What’s going on?
134) 6) dialog: They outnumber us?
135) 0) text: All is silent. The Varden Soldiers look scared. Eragon, now wearing armor, is standing beside a fully arm Saphira. Suddenly, from the Tunnel Doors light begins to flicker. loud yells of the Urgal’s and Kull can be heard. Arya looks into the distance, at the Tunnel Doors. 109.
135) 4) text: Saphira lands, swinging her tail at ten Kull, slinging th into fifteen more Urgal’s. After a moment, Saphira jumps back into the air. A Kull h Eragon in the chest with a large CLUB, sending Eragon fly into the ground. Saphira continues to fly upward. Eragon fights off a few Urgal’s. 110.
135) 5) dialog: Saphira, I need you! Behind Eragon, an Urgal lifts it’s sword, ready to drop i into Eragon’s head. Suddenly, a blade hits it’s throat, sending it’s head fly off. Eragon turns around, revealing Angela, dressed in a black robe and holding a double-bladed staff sword. Angela smil and then continues to fight. Saphira drops down and crashes into a few Urgals and then lands beside Eragon. Eragon climbs onto Saphira and they take off again, flyin high into the air, a flock of ARROWS follow them. Arya is surrounded by hundreds of Urgal’s and Kull. She continues to fight, but looks tired. Suddenly, Saphira lands beside Arya, crushing five Urgal’
135) 6) dialog: Get on! Arya turns and jumps onto Saphira. Suddenly, a Kull’s axe hits Saphira’s chest armor, dentin inward. Saphira grows loudly and grabs the Kull in her mo crushing him. Saphira jumps into the air.
135) 7) dialog: Are you alright?
135) 9) dialog: Can you get us to the dragon hold? Saphira soars through the air for a moment and then dives down and flies through two large DOORS, revealing Tronjhe
136) 2) dialog: Thank you. Eragon jumps off of Saphira and lands on the ground. Saphira jumps into the air and flies straight up. All aro her, implanted into the walls is pure SAPPHIRE, sparkling Eragon begins to run toward the two large Doors, holding Zar’roc. Suddenly, behind him, Tronjheims floor begins to crack. Eragon stops and turns around. An AXE bust through the surface of Tronjheims floor. The sound of Urgal’s can be heard. After a moment, the Urgal’s begin to climb up through the hole in the floor. Eragon charges toward them, hacking in them with Zar’roc.
138) 0) text: Eragon is fighting Urgal’s as the come through the hole i the ground. A few minutes of fighting pass and then the Urgal’s stop coming through the hole. Eragon sighs and bends over, breathing heavily. After a moment, he turns and runs toward the two Doors. Behind him, there is a loud CRACK! Eragon turns around. A dark FIGURE stands in the dust. The Figure steps forward, revealing that its...Durza! Eragon gasps in fear 112.
140) 0) text: Eragon takes a step back. Durza slowly walks toward him, drawing his sword.
142) 0) text: Durza and Eragon continue to fight, Durza obviously winni Eragon looks tired and worn. A moment passes and then Durza steps forward and pushes Eragon backwards, causing him to trip. Eragon falls to hi knees. Durza swings his sword and the side of the blade sticks i Eragon’s back. Eragon lets out a horrible cry of pain. BEGIN ERAGON’S POV: Everything is blurry. Durza is smiling. Suddenly, Durza j back as a huge piece of Sapphire hits the ground. END ERAGON’S POV: Hundreds of pieces of Sapphire begins to hit the ground. Eragon looks up, tears in his eyes. 113. Saphira, with Arya on her back, is flying straight toward ground. Suddenly, Saphira opens her mouth and a huge explosion of flames come from it! Durza ducks and drops to the ground to avoid being hit by flame. Eragon grabs Zar’roc of the ground.
142) 1) dialog: Brisingr! Zar’roc’s blade lights up with BLUE FLAMES. Eragon lets o scream as he sticks it into Durza’s heart. Durza looks down in shock and then lets out a loud cry. Eragon collapses.
142) 5) dialog: Who are you?
142) 8) dialog: I will come. FADE OUT. The End