5) 12) dialog: What's going on here, Sloan?
5) 14) dialog: (To Eragon) Is this true?
5) 16) dialog: I have no love for the Spine myself, Sloan, but when it comes to the worth of the rock, I'll back it with my own money.
5) 21) dialog: Fine! I'll pay for it. Eragon, what were you going to get?
5) 23) dialog: Give me your finest steaks. And make sure its enough to fill Eragon's pack. Sloan hesitates.
5) 24) dialog: Not selling to me would be a very bad idea. Sloan scowls and then slips into a back room. The sounds CUTTING and WHACKING and slight mumbling is heard. Eragon looks up at Horst.
5) 26) dialog: Oh...its really no trouble. Eragon holds the rock up to Horst
5) 28) dialog: (Chuckling) No..you keep your strange rock. As for payment, Albriech is leaving in the Spring to become a Master Smith. You can work off the debt over the spring. Sloan walks back into the room with a large sack of meat. sets it on the counter.
6) 0) text: Eragon and Horst walk out of Sloan's store.
6) 2) dialog: Of course.
6) 4) dialog: That all?
6) 5) text: (Embarrassed) No. He also wants her to know that she is the most beautiful girl he has ever seen and that he thinks of nothing else. Horst face breaks into a large grin. He winks at Eragon.
6) 6) dialog: Getting serious, isn't he? Eragon smiles.
16) 0) text: Horst, Eragon, Garrow, Roran, and various other people si around a large, wooden table. Everyone is laughing and ea and drinking. MORN, a rough looking man, leans forward with a dark look his eye. Everyone gets quiet.
16) 2) dialog: If they keep it up, there's gonna be trouble. 17.
16) 4) dialog: For them.
33) 0) text: Eragon and Roran come through the door and stop. DEMPTON Horst are standing side by side in front of the counter. Eragon and Roran walk over to them.
33) 5) dialog: They're ready. Horst and Dempton shake hands. Horst walks out of the Smi motioning for Eragon to fallow.
34) 0) text: Horst walks out of the door and stands on the side of the dirt street. A moment later, Eragon comes out and stands beside Horst.
34) 2) dialog: He's a good man. I wouldn't worry. Horst wipes his hand over his face. Eragon Eragon Eragon Eragon 29.
34) 3) dialog: Do you remember the fight you had with Sloan?
34) 5) dialog: No, no...I trust you. What I was wondering about is if you still had that blue stone? looks confused and worried.
34) 7) dialog: AS soon as you get home, get rid of it. looks shocked and worried.
34) 8) dialog: Two men showed up yesterday, dressed in black and carrying swords. Made my skin crawl just lookin' at ‘em. looks around nervously.
34) 9) dialog: About mid-day they started asking if a stone like yours had been found. No one with any sense said anything, but I could name a few who would talk. And the two men are at it again today. looks very worried, and gulps down his spit.
34) 11) dialog: (Stern) I didn't warn you ‘cause I thought you needed to talk to them! Leave Carvahall. Go home! 30.
34) 13) dialog: I do. (Beat ) I may just be overreacting, but these strangers give me a bad feeling.
36) 0) text: Eragon comes through the door and walks past Horst. Eragon walks down the street until Horst is out of sight then ducks behind a building. Eragon runs through alley ways quietly until he hears the mumbling words of three people. Eragon stops and pokes his head around the corner of the building. Two BLACK FIGURES, the RAZ'AC, are standing in front of Sloan.
50) 0) text: Horst large, two story house, sits on a large hill. 42. Eragon and Gertrude are slowly walking toward it. Eragon leans against Gertrude as he limps along.
51) 0) text: Eragon and Gertrude are standing on Horst's porch. Gertru knocks on the door. A few moments pass and then Horst's wife, ELAIN, a woman her late thirties, comes to the door
53) 0) text: Eragon and Elain walk into the kitchen. Horst is sitting the table eating a slice of pie. Eragon walks over to the table and sits down. Elain bring him a slice of pie and a glass of milk.
53) 3) dialog: How are you?
53) 5) dialog: I know this isn't the best time, but we need to know.
53) 7) dialog: ...what happened.
53) 9) dialog: Eragon, I was one of the people who went to your farm. Your house didn't just burn down. Something tore it to pieces. Eragon takes a few more bites of his food and then, slowl stands up.