100) 0) text: Eragon opens his eyes slowly and realizes where he is. He lying on the ground in a large CAVE. Beside him lies Saph asleep. Eragon looks around and sees a young man, MURTAGH (20), a black haired man with battered clothes, sitting by a smal fire. In Murtagh’s lap is a BOW, and behind him is a gray hours called TORNAC.
100) 2) dialog: Murtagh.
100) 4) dialog: You aren’t the only enemies of the Raz’ zac. 82. After a moment, Eragon stands up and tries to walk, but f backward as pain explodes in his side. He yelps as he fal to the ground. Murtagh tries to run over to Eragon, but Saphira blocks h way and lets out a loud “growl!”
100) 5) dialog: I would have helped you earlier, but your dragon wouldn’t let me.
100) 9) dialog: I was only able to heal what was on the surface. I don’t know what damage may have been caused on the inside.
101) 0) text: Eragon is lying by the fire, asleep. Murtagh is lying on other side of the fire, also asleep. Eragon roles over. His eyes flicker behind the lids.
104) 0) text: Eragon, Saphira, and Murtagh all walk out of the Cave. Br body is tied to Saphira’s back.
105) 0) text: Eragon, Murtagh, and Saphira surround Brom’s body, which lying in a large, square hole. Tears fill Eragon’s eyes as he stars at Brom. Saphira steps forward and brings her mouth down to Brom’s grave. A low HUMMING NOISE is heard coming from her stoma A DIAMOND surface appears over Brom’s grave, covering his body. Saphira pulls her head back, satisfied.
106) 0) text: Eragon grabs his pack off the ground and slings it over h back. After that, he bends down and grabs Zar’roc off the ground and slides it in his sheath that is strapped to hi side. Murtagh walks up from behind Eragon.
106) 1) dialog: Do you have a place to go that you will be safe?
106) 3) dialog: Then I will stay with you until we find a place for you to stay.
106) 5) dialog: And that means I may have another shot at the Raz’zac if I stay with you. Besides, it’s not like I have anything better to do.
108) 1) text: Arya looks at Eragon with tears in her eyes. Her body is covered with bruises. After a moment, she collapses. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - NIGHT Eragon, Saphira, and Murtagh are lying on the ground, asl Tornac and Snowfire are also asleep. About three miles ahead of them is GIL’EAD, a large city. Eragon sits up, grasping Zar’rocs pommel. He looks around a moment but doesn’t see anything. He lays back down and closes his eyes. A LOUD GROW comes from an Urgal a little ways away from Eragon. Eragon opens his eyes, in surprise and fear, and sits up. grabs Zar’roc and stands to his feet.
108) 3) dialog: What?
112) 19) dialog: He’s our enemy!
112) 21) dialog: Why should I show him mercy he would not have shown me?!
112) 24) dialog: Then I’1l do it. Murtagh picks Arya up and throws her over his shoulders.
113) 0) text: Eragon runs into the room, out of breath. Murtagh, carryi Arya, walks into the room a moment later. There are weapons on shelves all over the Guardroom. In t corner of the room is Zar’roc. Eragon runs over to Zar’roc and straps it to his side. Eragon closes his eyes.
113) 5) dialog: Hey! Durza turns around, angry. An ARROW strikes him in the ch Durza yanks it out and throws it on the ground. Murtagh draws another ARROW back, ready to fire. Durza be to walk toward him. An ARROW strikes him in the forehead. Durza lets out a loud howl and then explodes.
114) 0) text: Saphira flies high into the sky with Eragon, Murtagh, and Arya on her back. Down below Gil’ead can be seen. Arrows begin to fly from OUTER WALLS. They pierce Saphira’s wings. Saphira lets out a loud grow 94.
114) 1) dialog: Where do we go?
114) 3) dialog: That’s because they’re smart!
114) 5) dialog: We have to go back and get our horses.
115) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh are ridding their horses over the Hada Desert, which continues on to the horizon. Saphira, carrying a tied down Arya on her back, dives dow from the sky and gets closer to the ground.
116) 0) text: Saphira is now landed, sitting on the ground providing sh for Eragon, Arya, and Murtagh. Arya’s face is red and wet with sweat.
116) 1) dialog: What are you going to do?
117) 5) dialog: What happened?!
118) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh continue to ride their horses across t Desert. Saphira glides over top of them with Arya on her back.
119) 0) text: AS Eragon and Murtagh ride, the bottoms of huge mountains revealed in front of them a few miles away.
120) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh are riding through the VALLEY. Murtagh stops and climbs off of Tornac. Eragon stops Snow and turns around.
120) 2) dialog: Going to sleep.
120) 4) dialog: We will not make it if we don’t stop. Eragon sighs and climbs off of Snowfire. Saphira lands a feet away from Eragon and Murtagh. Eragon walks over to Saphira and climbs on her back.
122) 0) text: Saphira, with Eragon and Arya on her back, abruptly lands the ground in front of a sleeping Murtagh. Murtagh jumps up to his feet, sword in hand. After a mome he realizes that it’s Eragon.
122) 1) dialog: What is it?
122) 3) dialog: What?
123) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh ride their horses through the Valley quickly. Saphira soars through the air above them, with A on her back. Just ahead of them is a Waterfall, the one in the image A showed Eragon. 98.
124) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh quickly stop their horses, just in fro of the pool of water in front of the waterfall.
124) 1) dialog: Why are we here?
124) 3) dialog: (Surprised/Scared) The Varden?
125) 0) text: Egraz leads Murtagh down the hallway, still holding the k around his neck. Behind them is Eragon, Saphira at his side. They are surrounded by guards. Behind Eragon and Saphira is Orik, who is leading Tornac Snowfire down the Tunnel. And behind Orik is two Varden Soldiers who are carrying A on a large BOARD. Orik turns and leads the horses down another tunnel. After a moment, Egraz turns off into a large ROOM. Egraz stops in the middle of the room, knife still around Murtagh’s neck, and motions for Eragon and Saphira to sta in front of him.