11) 0) text: Eragon walks into the kitchen. He YAWNS and STRETCHES and then sits down at the table. Garrow is sitting at one end RORAN, a nine-teen year-old man. Each of them have a piec meat on their plate. Eragon begins to eat his food.
11) 1) dialog: The snow that came last night might slow us down...
11) 6) dialog: So what's this I hear about a strange rock?
12) 0) text: Eragon comes through the door. Roran walks in behind Erag The Sapphire Stone is sitting under Eragon's bed, where h had left it. Eragon reaches under his bed and grabs the Stone. He holds it up for Roran to grab it. Roran hesitates for a moment and then takes the Stone fro Eragon.
12) 1) dialog: It's beautiful...
13) 0) text: TENTS line the front of Carvahall. Hundreds of people wal around looking at various things. A WAGON, being pulled by horses, comes over a small hill rides down toward the group of tents. The wagon stops to the side of all the tents. Eragon and Roran jump off the wagon. Garrow slowly climbs down the s of the wagon. 13. Garrow puts his hands in his pocket and pulls out a few coins. He divides it up and then hands the coins to Erago and Roran.
16) 0) text: Horst, Eragon, Garrow, Roran, and various other people si around a large, wooden table. Everyone is laughing and ea and drinking. MORN, a rough looking man, leans forward with a dark look his eye. Everyone gets quiet.
17) 0) text: Hundreds of people gather around a huge BONFIRE. Eragon Garrow, and Roran walks up to the group of people. A DARK FIGURE, BROM, an older man with a large beard and bushy eye brows, stands right beside the BONFIRE. Everyon looking at him.
22) 0) text: Eragon and Roran are sitting in the back of the WAGON, Ga is in the front, controlling the horses. Eragon sits stil He looks as if he is in deep thought.
28) 20) text: Eragon walks through the front door of into the kitchen. Garrow and Roran are table. They each have a plate of food. empty seat. A plate of food is already For a few moments everything is silent Garrow for a moment and then back down
28) 22) dialog: Nothings wrong. Its just that...well, I was at Horst' 25. the house and goes already sitting at the Eragon sits down at an fixed for him. Roran looks up at at his plate. today to pick up a few things and a stranger was there from Therinsford.
28) 24) dialog: Dempton.
28) 26) dialog: Anyway, he owns a Mill. He was here to get some sockets made for a piece of machinery.
28) 28) dialog: He offered me a job at the Mill. If I accept, I'll leave with him when he returns for the sockets.. to take the job. .I plan A few moments of silence pass. Garrow leans back in his chair.
28) 30) dialog: Well...I plan to marry Katrina, and I can't do that without any money.
28) 35) dialog: About two weeks.
30) 0) text: The sun is rising above the trees. Snow covers the ground Eragon, Roran, and Garrow are standing on the front porch
31) 0) text: Eragon and Roran have packs on. Garrow is standing by the door with a sad look on his face.
31) 1) dialog: Won't you come with us?
32) 0) text: Eragon and Roran are walking down the street. They come t the SMITHY and walk inside. 28.
33) 0) text: Eragon and Roran come through the door and stop. DEMPTON Horst are standing side by side in front of the counter. Eragon and Roran walk over to them.
33) 2) dialog: Yes. Do we leave soon?
35) 0) text: Eragon comes through the door and embraces Roran.
35) 1) dialog: Aren't you going to stay a little while longer? Eragon laughs.
35) 3) dialog: Well, alright. I guess this is the last time we'll be seeing each other for a few months.
35) 6) dialog: You take care of yourself. Eragon smiles and then turns to walk out the door. 31.
98) 13) text: BROM(cont 'd) If they get frustrated enough they’1l go back and interrogate Roran. It’s only a matter of time. In the darkness of the forest that grows on the Mountain side, a loud rustling can be heard. Brom looks into the darkness.