29) 6) dialog: Yes...
37) 3) dialog: (Off screen) I come. A few moments pass. Suddenly, the loud wings of Saphira c be heard flapping. After a moment, Saphira lands down in path. She is now almost fully grown. She folds her wings beside her.
37) 4) dialog: What's wrong?
37) 6) dialog: Fire! Enemies! Death! Murderers!
37) 8) dialog: Oaths betrayed, souls killed, eggs shattered! Blood everywhere. Murderers! Eragon closes his eyes and strains. Saphira's voice fades of his head. Saphira continues to jump and roar. Eragon g a spike on her back and pulls himself onto her back. Eragon rubs her side with his hand and he hums to her.
38) 0) text: As Saphira hits the ground, Eragon quickly slides off her hits the ground. Eragon's legs buckle and he falls down. HE winces and the looks down at his legs. They are bleeding badly through h pants on the inside of his thighs. 35.
38) 3) dialog: Murderers!
38) 5) dialog: No. Eragon lets his head fall to the ground.
41) 0) text: Eragon, panicking, opens his eyes. Sweat is layered acros his face. Saphira is still lying over him.
41) 5) dialog: I will take you because of a debt owed. But into foolishness we fly. 37. Eragon looks up into the sky.
42) 0) text: Saphira is flying low to the ground and is moving very fa Eragon is clinching on to her back. Eragon looks at the ground. There is a burning house and burning barn. Eragon looks scared. Saphira dives down tow the ground.
43) 0) text: Saphira lands on the ground. Eragon's house and barn is collapsed. Some wood is still burning. Eragon jumps off Saphira, yelping at the pain. His eyes are full of tears. looks scared, angry, and shocked.
43) 4) dialog: You would not be alive if we had stayed. 38.
44) 0) text: Garrow's body is tied up to two boards that are hooks to Saphira's stomach. Eragon slowly climbs onto her back. He winces in pain.
45) 0) text: Saphira is flying low to the ground.
45) 2) dialog: I might be seen.
46) 0) text: Saphira lands on the ground softly and bends down. Eragon painfully slides off and walks around to Garrow's body. Eragon untied Garrow and sets him on the ground. He then takes one of the boards and roles Garrow onto it and ties down.
46) 2) dialog: I will wait. Saphira walks into the forest. Eragon grabs the board and begins to pull Garrow down the road. Eragon grits his teeth in pain as blood pours out of his legs. He stops after a moment and looks into the sky.
57) 2) dialog: Then don't.
57) 4) dialog: Your heat is the only guide to the answer. Eragon looks confused for a moment.
57) 6) dialog: Yes. Eragon sits there, silent.
62) 0) text: Saphira soars through the clouds.
62) 1) dialog: Yes?
64) 0) text: Saphira turns and dives downward a bit
64) 1) dialog: So you've come to an agreement? 50.
66) 0) text: Saphira flies toward the ground and then levels out.
68) 0) text: Saphira dives towards the ground. Brom and Eragon can be standing by the ruins of Eragon's house.
69) 0) text: Saphira lands, smashing the grass underneath her feet.
70) 0) text: A large, irregular clearing is right in the center of the forest. Eragon and Brom walk into the clearing. Saphira lands rig in the center of the clearing.
71) 0) text: There is now a FIRE in the center of the clearing. Brom a Eragon are sitting by it. Saphira is curled up around the Brom is quietly smoking his pipe and looking into the fir
73) 0) text: Brom ties two final straps of leather together and then stands up, holding a completed saddle. HE walks over to Saphira. She bends down a little, allowing Brom to put th saddle on her back. Brom walks over to Eragon and looks at Saphira.
73) 2) dialog: Aren't you going to try it out?
75) 0) text: The sky is gray and the wind is blowing. Eragon and Brom are walking through the forest. Eragon's sword, Zar'roc, is tied to his waist. Saphira soars over the forest and then darts into the clo
82) 6) dialog: Dull. Only Rabbits and small shrub can be seen for miles. Eragon shakes his head and turns around.
88) 0) text: Eragon runs over to Brom and helps him off his horse. Era looks at Brom’s arm. It’s badly damaged. Eragon closes his eyes and looks up for a moment. After a few moments pass, Saphira lands in the street in rage.
88) 1) dialog: Where are the ones who did this? I’1l rip them apart!
88) 3) dialog: You killed them? Eragon nods his head.
90) 4) dialog: Sticking your noses where it doesn’t belong...again! Eragon opens his eyes and shakes his head with a slight smile. After a moment, Eragon and Brom come to the front gate of Teirm. 69.
97) 0) text: Eragon and Brom ride down a small path cut into the side the MOUNTAIN. Mountains surround them everywhere in the background. Above them, Saphira can be seen flying through the clouds
102) 1) dialog: (Filtered) Eragon, wake up! (Beat ) Wake up! (Beat ) Eragon! Everything fades to WHITE.
103) 0) text: Eragon sits up quickly, wincing at the pain in his side. turns and looks at Saphira, who is standing beside Brom’s twitching body.
103) 1) dialog: Something’s wrong. Eragon jumps to his feet and runs over to Brom. Brom opens his eyes and looks up at Eragon. Brom’s eyes l bloodshot and his face is extremely pale.
104) 0) text: Eragon, Saphira, and Murtagh all walk out of the Cave. Br body is tied to Saphira’s back.
105) 0) text: Eragon, Murtagh, and Saphira surround Brom’s body, which lying in a large, square hole. Tears fill Eragon’s eyes as he stars at Brom. Saphira steps forward and brings her mouth down to Brom’s grave. A low HUMMING NOISE is heard coming from her stoma A DIAMOND surface appears over Brom’s grave, covering his body. Saphira pulls her head back, satisfied.
105) 1) dialog: I gave the only gift I could. Now time will not ravage him.
108) 1) text: Arya looks at Eragon with tears in her eyes. Her body is covered with bruises. After a moment, she collapses. EXT. THE PLAIN’S - NIGHT Eragon, Saphira, and Murtagh are lying on the ground, asl Tornac and Snowfire are also asleep. About three miles ahead of them is GIL’EAD, a large city. Eragon sits up, grasping Zar’rocs pommel. He looks around a moment but doesn’t see anything. He lays back down and closes his eyes. A LOUD GROW comes from an Urgal a little ways away from Eragon. Eragon opens his eyes, in surprise and fear, and sits up. grabs Zar’roc and stands to his feet.
113) 2) dialog: I’m on my way! Footsteps are heard coming from the Hallway. Eragon and Murtagh look at each other, scared. Suddenly, Durza walks into the Guardroom. Eragon and Murt are nowhere to be seen. Eragon is hiding in the corner of the room, behind a larg SHELF. Fear covers his face. Suddenly, Durza’s head pokes around the side of the Shelf
114) 0) text: Saphira flies high into the sky with Eragon, Murtagh, and Arya on her back. Down below Gil’ead can be seen. Arrows begin to fly from OUTER WALLS. They pierce Saphira’s wings. Saphira lets out a loud grow 94.
115) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh are ridding their horses over the Hada Desert, which continues on to the horizon. Saphira, carrying a tied down Arya on her back, dives dow from the sky and gets closer to the ground.
115) 1) dialog: Eragon, something is wrong with her.
116) 0) text: Saphira is now landed, sitting on the ground providing sh for Eragon, Arya, and Murtagh. Arya’s face is red and wet with sweat.
118) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh continue to ride their horses across t Desert. Saphira glides over top of them with Arya on her back.
121) 0) text: Eragon looks down at the ground from Saphira’s back. A fe moments pass. All is silent. Eragon seems to be interested in something. He points int the distance.
122) 0) text: Saphira, with Eragon and Arya on her back, abruptly lands the ground in front of a sleeping Murtagh. Murtagh jumps up to his feet, sword in hand. After a mome he realizes that it’s Eragon.
123) 0) text: Eragon and Murtagh ride their horses through the Valley quickly. Saphira soars through the air above them, with A on her back. Just ahead of them is a Waterfall, the one in the image A showed Eragon. 98.
125) 0) text: Egraz leads Murtagh down the hallway, still holding the k around his neck. Behind them is Eragon, Saphira at his side. They are surrounded by guards. Behind Eragon and Saphira is Orik, who is leading Tornac Snowfire down the Tunnel. And behind Orik is two Varden Soldiers who are carrying A on a large BOARD. Orik turns and leads the horses down another tunnel. After a moment, Egraz turns off into a large ROOM. Egraz stops in the middle of the room, knife still around Murtagh’s neck, and motions for Eragon and Saphira to sta in front of him.
126) 0) text: Eragon and Saphira are following Orik, who is running dow Tunnel.
127) 0) text: Saphira walks through the crowd of Peasants toward anothe large set of double doors on the other side of TRONJHEIM, which is a large CITY inside a mountain. All over Tronjheim are small HOUSES built out of stone. INT. AJIHAD’S STUDY - NIGHT Eragon, followed by Saphira, is walking through Ajihad’s study. It is a large, beautiful, book-filled study. On the far side, where Eragon and Saphira are walking to, there is a large desk and tall and thick man. AJIHAD, a d skinned man in his late 30’s. Ajihad turns and looks at Eragon and Saphira, who stop in front of his desk.
128) 0) text: Outside of Ajihad’s Study stands Orik. Eragon and Saphira stop before him.
132) 0) text: Eragon is lying on the ground beside Saphira. They are bo asleep. Suddenly, a LANTERN comes into view. Holding it is Orik Eragon slightly opens his eyes, looking around.
133) 0) text: Eragon and Saphira follow Orik, who is walking very quick through the Tunnel
134) 0) text: Six thousand Varden Soldiers and DWARVEN WARRIORS are cro together. At the very front of the army is Ajihad, Arya, and Hrothg A few Dwarf Warriors step forward in front of Saphira and Eragon as they walk toward Ajihad and the others.
135) 0) text: All is silent. The Varden Soldiers look scared. Eragon, now wearing armor, is standing beside a fully arm Saphira. Suddenly, from the Tunnel Doors light begins to flicker. loud yells of the Urgal’s and Kull can be heard. Arya looks into the distance, at the Tunnel Doors. 109.
135) 4) text: Saphira lands, swinging her tail at ten Kull, slinging th into fifteen more Urgal’s. After a moment, Saphira jumps back into the air. A Kull h Eragon in the chest with a large CLUB, sending Eragon fly into the ground. Saphira continues to fly upward. Eragon fights off a few Urgal’s. 110.
135) 8) dialog: I don’t know. It hurts to breath.
136) 0) text: Saphira lands on the ground. 111.
142) 0) text: Durza and Eragon continue to fight, Durza obviously winni Eragon looks tired and worn. A moment passes and then Durza steps forward and pushes Eragon backwards, causing him to trip. Eragon falls to hi knees. Durza swings his sword and the side of the blade sticks i Eragon’s back. Eragon lets out a horrible cry of pain. BEGIN ERAGON’S POV: Everything is blurry. Durza is smiling. Suddenly, Durza j back as a huge piece of Sapphire hits the ground. END ERAGON’S POV: Hundreds of pieces of Sapphire begins to hit the ground. Eragon looks up, tears in his eyes. 113. Saphira, with Arya on her back, is flying straight toward ground. Suddenly, Saphira opens her mouth and a huge explosion of flames come from it! Durza ducks and drops to the ground to avoid being hit by flame. Eragon grabs Zar’roc of the ground.