5) 0) text: A small BUTCHER is standing behind a counter toward the b of the room. He's cutting meat. This is SLOAN, a man in h early 40s. He has a constant angry look in his eyes. Eragon walks up to the counter. Sloan stops cutting the m and looks up.
5) 1) dialog: (Sarcastic) So...the mighty hunter joins the rest of us! How many did you bag this time?
5) 3) dialog: I'm amazed! And that's why you've come? Well lets see your money, then!
5) 5) dialog: (Angry) ; . So you want me to just give the meat to you?! (MORE)
5) 6) text: SLOAN(cont 'd) Do you see any of the other Merchants giving away their wares? Besides, its late. I'm closed. You'll have to come back tomorrow with money.
5) 8) dialog: Stole it is more like it. Sloan goes back to chopping his meat.
5) 10) dialog: You get out of my store, boy! And take your cursed rock with you! Eragon doesn't move, but stands there in confusion.
5) 11) dialog: Go before I make you! Suddenly, a tall, thick man walks into the building. This HORST, a rough looking man. Behind him is KATRINA, a beautiful young woman with long, blonde hair.
5) 13) dialog: This...boy came in here badgering me. I asked him to leave, but he want budge. I even threatened him!
5) 17) dialog: No. It's my store, I'll do what I want with it! Katrina steps out from behind Horst.
5) 19) dialog: You stay out of this, Katrina! Go back to the house. Katrina doesn't movie.
5) 20) dialog: Now! Katrina storms out of the door.
6) 0) text: Eragon and Horst walk out of Sloan's store.
36) 0) text: Eragon comes through the door and walks past Horst. Eragon walks down the street until Horst is out of sight then ducks behind a building. Eragon runs through alley ways quietly until he hears the mumbling words of three people. Eragon stops and pokes his head around the corner of the building. Two BLACK FIGURES, the RAZ'AC, are standing in front of Sloan.
36) 2) dialog: A few weeks ago. Eragon turns back around and hides behind the wall.
36) 5) dialog: (Shaken) Yeah, I'm sure. He had it then. Everyone knows about it. Go ask them!
59) 0) text: Eragon stays low as he walks off the porch and down the street. No one else is outside. Eragon stops at Sloan's Butcher S He looks around and then, quietly, enters the building.