3) 0) text: The pulsing heart of downtown Gotham, a neon nightmare of big-city corruption, almost surreal in its oppressiveness Hookers wave to drug dealers. Street hustlers slap high- fives with three-card monte dealers. They all seem to kno each other... with one conspicuous exception: A TOURIST FAMILY, Mom, Dad, and little Jimmy, staring  straight  ahead as they march in perfect lockstep down th main drag. They've just come out of a bit show two blocks over; the respectable theatre crowd has thinned out, and  now -- Playbills in hand -- they find themselves adrift i the predatory traffic of Gotham's meanest street.
3) 4) dialog: We're going the wrong way. Nearby, STREET TYPES are beginning to snicker. DAD survey them nervously, gestures toward the subway map.
3) 6) text: We'll never get a cab here. Let's cut over to Seventh. JIMMY
4) 0) text: A deserted access street, sidewalks lined with the husks stripped-down cars. MOM, DAD, and JIMMY take a deep breat and march down the darkened street. A VOICE startles them VOICE
4) 1) text: Hey, mister. Gimme a dollar? The VOICE belongs to a DERELICT -- nineteen or twenty,  acne-scarred -- who sits between two garbage cans, his pa uplifted. His ratty t-shirt reads: 'I LOVE GOTHAM CITY.' MOM, DAD, and JIMMY pause for the merest of seconds, then move on -- pretending not to hear. DERELICT
4) 3) text: One dollar, man. Are you deaf? Are you deaf? -- Do you speak English?? By now the TOURISTS are halfway across the street.  Mercifully, the DERELICT doesn't seem to be following. They pick up their pace. They don't see the SHADOWY FIGUR in the alleyway. They don't see the GUN until a gloved ha brings it down, butt-first, across the back of DAD's neck DAD crumples. MOM grabs JIMMY and backs up against a bric wall, too terrified to scream. The DERELICT races across  the street to join his confederate, the STREET PUNK, who' already searching for DAD's wallet. MOM's mouth opens in panic. They can see she's about to  snap -- so  the STREET PUNK, still in a crouch, trains hi gun on JIMMY. STREET PUNK
4) 4) text: Do the kid a favor, lady. Don't scream. The poor woman is utterly horrified. TEARS stream down he face. But she keeps her wits about her, stifles the urge shriek, and hustles JIMMY off down the street. The two PUNKS watch them break into a run -- then chuckle slap hands, race off in the opposite direction.