9) 4) text: He shrugs, There you have it. Brilliant. He glances off,  sees something odd across the yard. Two horses, saddled-u being led into the garden by a stable boy.
9) 6) text: Schindler gets up from the table. Scherner, his wife and  daughter and son-in-law stare at the horses; they're  beautiful. Schindler appears, takes the reins from the stable boy, h one set to the bride and the other to the groom.
12) 0) text: The Sabbath prayers of a congregation of Orthodox Jews ar interrupted by a commotion at the rear of the ancient tem Several non-Orthodox Jews from the street, including Max  Redlicht, are being herded inside by the Einsatz Boys. They're made to stand before the Ark in two lines: Orthod and non. One of the Einsatzgruppen squad removes the parc Torah scroll while another calmly addresses the assembly:
12) 14) text: He turns and walks away. The other Einsatz Boys pull rifl and revolvers from their coats and open fire.
72) 0) text: Stable boys lead two horses into the pre-dawn light. The  animals' hoofs shatter tufts of weeds like fingers of gla fog plumes from their nostrils.
75) 0) text: The stable boys hoist saddles onto the horses, cinch the  straps. Leaning against the hood of the Mercedes, Schindl and Ingrid, in long hacking jackets, riding breeches and  boots, share cognac from his flask.
76) 0) text: Untersturmfuhrer Goeth, soon to be Commandant Goeth, stan before the assembled troops with a flask of cognac in his hand. He looks out over them proudly; they're good boys,  these, the best. He addresses them --
78) 0) text: Ingrid climbs onto one of the horses, Schindler onto the  other. As the animals gallop away with their riders towar wood, the stable boys wave.
82) 0) text: The galloping horses break through to a clearing high on hill. The riders pull in the reins and the hoofs rip at t earth. Schindler smiles at the view, the beauty of it with the s just coming up. From here, all of Cracow can be seen in  striking relief, like a model of a town. He can see the Vistula, the river that separates the ghet from Kazimierz; Wawel Castle, from where the National  Socialist Party's Hans Frank rules the Government General Poland; beyond it, the center of town. He begins to notice refinements: the walls that define th ghetto; Peace Square, the assembly of men and boys. He no a line of trucks rolling east across the Kosciuscko Bridg and another across the bridge at Podgorze, a third along  Zablocie Street, all angling in on the ghetto like spokes a hub.
120) 4) text: He shrugs, Okay, points the rifle at another worker -- an boy of fourteen, shuddering and weeping, steps out of lin
120) 6) text: Goeth goes over to the boy, and, like a distant relative a small child, tries to get him to look at his face.
120) 8) dialog: No, sir.
120) 10) text: The boy nods, weeps, screams --
120) 11) dialog: Him!
120) 12) text: He's pointing at the dead man. And Goeth astonishes the e assembly of workers and guards by believing the boy. He returns the rifle to the guard and walks away. Hujar s after him, then knowingly at the boy.
122) 1) dialog: Thank you, sir.
133) 0) text: A stable boy works to ready Goeth's horse before he arriv He sticks a bridle into its mouth, throws a riding blanke onto its back, drags out the saddle Schindler bought Goet Before he can finish, though, Goeth is there. The boy tri to hide his panic; he knows others have been shot for les
133) 3) text: As Goeth waits, patiently it seems, whistling to himself, the stable boy tries to mask his confusion.
166) 11) text: Tight on the gleeful boy with a tadpole in his hand. Behi him, smoke from the pyre rises into the sky.
174) 42) text: THE SOUND OF THE KEYS OVER the face of a boy, the "chicke thief." Over THE FACE OF A GIRL, the one who hid in the p of excrement. Over the FACES we've never seen.
183) 0) text: A cattle car is coupled to another, the pin dropped into  place. On the platform, clerks at folding tables shuffle  paper while others mill around with clipboards, calling o names. Thousands of prisoners on the platform, some climbing ont strings of slatted cars on opposing tracks. Some already them, most standing in lines, changing lines, the end of virtually indistinguishable from the beginning of another Paperwork. Lists of names. Pens in hands checking them of Some bound for Brinnlitz, the rest for Auschwitz, if they can be properly sorted from one another. A boy is allowed to remain in a line with his father; his mother is taken to another line composed of women and gir This segregation is the only recognizable process going o the others, if they exist, are apparent only to the clerk and guards, and maybe not even to them. It is chaos.
186) 0) text: The train idles at a crossing in the middle of nowhere. Moving across the faces peering out from between the slat it becomes apparent there are only male prisoners aboard. Below, on a dirt road, a lone Polish boy stands watching. Just before an empty train roars past from the other dire obscuring him, his hand comes up and across his neck maki the gesture of a throat being slit.
197) 0) text: In Schindler's absence, the workers attempt to operate th unfamiliar machines, to figure out the unfamiliar process manufacturing artillery shells. There's movement, there's noise, the machines are running, but little is being prod Untersturmfuhrer Jose Liepold, the Commandant of Schindle new subcamp, moves through the factory conducting an impr inspection. He points out to a guard a kid no more nine,  sorting casings at a work table, and another boy, ten or  eleven, carrying a box.
201) 0) text: Schindler, standing at the end of the platform stone-face watches the women whose names he is "stuck on," whose clo are slashed with red paint, climbing onto the cattle cars As the cars fill, a train on another track arrives. The  "fresh" ones Schindler turned down. As the gates are clos on the women's cars, the gates of the others are opened a the people spill out. A horrified cry suddenly breaks through the noise of the  engines. One of Schindler's women, locked in, has seen he son among those coming down off the train on the opposing track. Another cry erupts, and another, another, as the women sp their children, confiscated from the Brinnlitz factory,  brought here. Schindler becomes aware of what's happening and, passing  over other children, tries to corral these particular boy many of whom have noticed their mothers now and are echoi their tortured cries with their own. Schindler manages to gather them together, the fifteen or twenty boys, and, in the middle of the crowded platform,  appears to a guard:
217) 0) text: A nineteen year old boy with his hands in the air stands  terrified before Commandant Liepold and the revolver he  wields. Workers, trying to reduce the likelihood of getti hit by a stray bullet when Liepold fires on the boy -- wh seems a certainty -- scramble out of the way.
217) 2) text: Liepold swings the gun around at the voice, pointing it f a moment at Schindler, who is striding toward him, then a the barrel back at the boy's head, and yells --
217) 4) text: He waves a document at Schindler, throws it at him. Schindler doesn't bother picking it up. Instead, pointing the boy, he yells to Liepold --
217) 10) text: Schindler glances to the boy. Then at the silent Hilo bes him. Part of it is blackened from an electrical fire. To boy, concerned --
217) 12) text: The boy, too terrified to speak, nods.
218) 0) text: In the machine-tool section, a "judicial table" has been up. At it sit Schindler, Liepold, two other SS officers, an attractive German girl, a stenographer. The "saboteur, the boy, Janek, stands before the court.
218) 2) text: Commandant Liepold was watching me trying to figure it ou I switched it on and it blew up. I didn't do anything. Al did was turn it on. Gone tonight is Schindler's usual shop-floor familiarity. studies the boy solemn-faced.
218) 5) text: Schindler dismisses the defensive comment with a wave of hand and gets up. He comes around and paces slowly before the boy. Eventually, Janek dares to speak again --
218) 9) text: Schindler stops, looks to the panel, and back to the boy.
218) 12) text: Schindler slams the back of his hand so hard across Janek face, the boy almost falls. He's stunned. So are the othe at the table. They've never seen such violence from the  Direktor. He roars --