34) 2) text: Emilie begrudges him a glance to the bedroom, catching th girl just as she looks up -- embarrassed.
34) 4) dialog: Oskar, please --
34) 6) dialog: I don't have to like her just because  you do. It doesn't work that way.
34) 10) text: She shakes Emilie's limp hand. Schindler sees her to the  door, lets her out and returns to the table, smiling to  himself. Emilie's glancing around at the place.
34) 11) dialog: You've done well here.
35) 0) text: They emerge from the building in formal clothes, both of  them looking great. It's wet and slick; the doorman offer Emilie his arm.
37) 1) dialog: It's not a charade, all this?
37) 6) dialog: Luck.
38) 2) dialog: I feel like an old-fashioned couple.  It feels good.
39) 0) text: Schindler and Emilie lounging in bed, champagne bottle on the nightstand. Long silence before --
39) 1) dialog: Should I stay?
39) 4) dialog: Should I stay?
39) 7) dialog: No, it's up to you.
39) 9) dialog: Promise me no doorman or maitre 'd  will presume I am anyone other than  Mrs. Schindler... and I'll stay.
40) 0) text: Emilie waves goodbye to him from a first-class compartmen window. Down on the platform, he waves goodbye to her. as the train pulls away, he turns away, and the platform of next track is revealed -- soldiers and clerks supervising the boarding of hundreds of people onto another train -- image turning BLACK AND WHITE.
170) 0) text: A church in the main square of a sleepy hamlet. A priest his parishioners, including Emilie Schindler, emerging fr it, morning Mass over. Some guys outside a bar/cafГ©, hanging gout, drinking, no the elegantly dressed gentleman outside the town's only h They recognize him. They come over.
170) 3) text: Schindler, the clothes, the car, the suitcases, the great difference between their respective stations in life. Somehow their old ne'er-do-well friend has managed to do  quite well, and it amazes them. Across the square, Emilie has noticed him; and he, her. B neither makes a move toward the other. Finally she walks  away; which Schindler interprets correctly to mean, Yes,  check into the hotel. He tips the porter extravagantly an turns back to the guys from the bar.
210) 0) text: The door to an apartment opens from the inside revealing  Emilie Schindler. She coolly considers the visitor on her doorstep, her estranged husband, looking great as usual,  bottle of wine in his hand, smiling as if nothing is wron between them, as if nothing is wrong in the entire world.
211) 2) text: There, he's said it. But the bewildered look on Emilie's  face wonders, That's what was hard for you to say?
212) 0) text: Stern glances up from his work; Schindler and Emilie have come in and are walking toward the accountant's desk. He  gets up.
212) 4) dialog: How do you do?
212) 13) dialog: Pleasure meeting you.
215) 0) text: As a camp doctor attends to sufferers of dysentery, Schin and Emilie sort pairs of prescription glasses from a parc shipped from Cracow. Stern comes in.
215) 6) text: Stern allows himself a smile, a rare thing for him. Schindler carefully slips the new glasses onto the  accountant's face. He looks around the clinic, Stern,  eventually settling on Emilie, crystal clear, standing ne a picture on the wall which, in other circumstances, he'd find less than reassuring: Jesus, his heart exposed and i flames.
220) 0) text: Schindler and Emilie, her arm in his, stand around like  unwanted guests at the party. They probably are. Him anyw The other guests include local politicians who fought and failed to keep his camp out of Brinnlitz. Whenever his glance meets one of theirs, they smile tight
220) 6) dialog: You have a lovely home. It is nice.  Big.
220) 14) dialog: (wry) He's always been.
226) 0) text: The torch firing at ice as hard as metal, blue flame, whi steam. Pfefferberg's eyes behind the mask again,  concentrating. Around the abandoned boxcar, in the gruesome cold, stand  Schindler, Emilie, a doctor, some workers and some SS gua watching, waiting. Pfefferberg steps back. Sledge hammers pound at locks. Hands pull at levers. The doors begin to slide. Out of darkness, from inside the boxcar as the doors slid open, Schindler's face is revealed, tight. He stares for interminable moment before walking slowly away. Inside the boxcar is a tangle of limbs, a pyramid of corp frozen white. From a distance, a tableau: the boxcar, the workers and g and Emilie outside it, Schindler, off to himself several  steps away, all of them still as statues.
244) 0) text: Schindler and Emilie emerge from his quarters, each carry a small suitcase. In the dark, some distance away from hi Mercedes, stand all twelve hundred workers. As Schindler his wife cross the courtyard to the car, Stern and Levart approach. The rabbi hands him some papers.
244) 22) text: From above, from a watchtower, Stern can be seen down bel trying to comfort Schindler. Eventually, they separate, a Schindler and Emilie climb into the Mercedes. It slowly p out through the gates of the camp. And drives away.