14) 2) text: Pfefferberg, with his wife Mila, at the head of a line th seems to stretch back forever, flicks at Goldberg's OD ar with disgust.
149) 0) text: Behind the camouflage of other women prisoners, Mila  Pfefferberg rubs a beet against her cheeks in desperate h of adding a little color to her skin. Amon Goeth, his shirtsleeves uncharacteristically rolled chats with one of the doctors as another group strips. Whether the topic is this Health Aktion or the unseasonab weather is unclear, but he nods approvingly.
149) 6) text: Goeth thinks about it a moment before he nods, Yeah, okay sure. A clerk accompanies Pfefferberg and, making a notat on the way, finds Mila.
166) 0) text: A creek flowing gently through marshy ground under an umb of trees. Leo John and his five year old son, on their kn catching tadpoles, seem unaware of, or at least not distr by, a ghastly endeavor going on beyond them: Bodies being exhumed out of the earth, out of the mass gr in the forest. The dead lay everywhere, victims of the gh massacre, victims of Plaszow. Arriving, Schindler sees Goeth standing up at the tree li Approaching him, furious, he hesitates. He sees a wheelba trundled by Pfefferberg, a corpse in it. He fears the bod is Mila's, but then sees her trundling another barrow, an corpse in it. Goeth calls to Schindler --
174) 26) text: THE KEYS typing В‘PFEFFE- PFEFFERBERG'S face, tight. MILA face, tight. CURRENCY, hard Reichmarks, in a small valise. As Goeth lo at it, he mumbles to himself --
191) 0) text: The stunned women climb down from the railcars onto an im concourse bisecting the already infamous camp. As they're marched across the muddy yard by guards carrying truncheo Mila Pfefferberg stares at the place. It' so big, like a  city, only one in which the inhabitants reside strictly  temporarily. To Mila, under her breath --
191) 2) text: So often terrified by the sight of a clerk with a clipboa it is the absence of clerks which unsettles the woman now as though there remains no further reason to record their names. Mila's eyes return to the constant smoke rising beyond th birch trees at the settlement's western end.
198) 0) text: Mila and another woman cross back toward their barracks  carrying a large heavy pot of broth. Not more than a hund meters away stand the birch trees and crematoria, the smo pluming even now, at NIGHT out of the darkness appear  "apparitions," skeletal figures which surround the two wo or rather the soup pot between them, dipping little metal cups into it, over and over. Too startled to speak, Mila can only stare. The apparitio clamor around the pot a moment more, than furtively slip  back into the same darkness from which they came. Mila an the other woman exchange a glance. The pot is empty.
198) 1) dialog: Where's Schindler now?