1) 0) text: A spotlight slicing across a crowded smoke-choked club to small stage where a cabaret performer sings. ItВ’s September, 1939. General Sigmund List's armored  divisions, driving north from the Sudetenland, have taken Cracow, and now, in this club, drinking, socializing,  conducting business, is a strange clientele: SS officers Polish cops, gangsters and girls and entrepreneurs, throw together by the circumstance of war. Oskar Schindler, drinking alone, slowly scans the room, t faces, stripping away all thatВ’s unimportant to him, set only on details that are: the rank of this man, the highe rank of that one, money being slipped into a hand.
1) 18) dialog: Who is that?
1) 19) dialog: (like everyone knows) That's Oskar Schindler. He's an old  friend of... I don't know, somebody's.
48) 0) text: Shovels scraping at snow. The marchers working to clear i from the street. A dialog between one of the guards and a SS officer is interrupted by a shot -- and the face of th one-armed machinist falls into the frame.
68) 2) text: The other SS officers in the car -- Knude, Haase and Huja aren't sure what he means. He's peering out the window at the tombstones.
109) 0) text: Some SS architects groan over a set of blueprints. Schind and an SS officer walk by.
109) 1) dialog: You have the Poles beat the Czechs,  you have the Czechs beat the Poles,  that way everybody stays in line.
111) 0) text: Where once they glimpsed the not too threatening figure o Oskar Schindler strolling through the factory, the worker who dare glance up now find armed guards moving past. And further up, behind the wall of windows, Schindler moving  around, entertaining SS officer.
112) 0) text: The Rosner brothers in evening clothes, Leo on accordion, Henry on violin, playing a Strauss melody, trying to keep muted, inoffensive. Few of the guests pay attention, whic is fine with them. An SS officer chats with Schindler.
140) 0) text: Schindler and Senior SS Officers Toffel and Scherner shar table in same smoke-filled nightclub they met in.
164) 0) text: A tall, thin, gray Waffen SS officer has a request for th Rosner brothers.
164) 1) dialog: I want to hear "Gloomy Sunday" again.
164) 6) text: THE THIN GRAY SS OFFICER is back in front of the musician swaying precariously, a drink in his hand --
164) 7) dialog: "Gloomy Sunday" again.
164) 15) text: The music falls apart. The brothers find Goeth in the cro looking at them like, Come on, for Christ's sake play  something else. Which they do -- defeated -- some innocuo Von Suppe. Goeth turns back to one of his guests. Glancing back, as they play, to the corner, the Rosners s the gloomy SS officer getting slowly up from his chair. H stands there for a moment, staring at nothing, then slowl makes his way out onto the balcony where he stands in the night air, absolutely still, in silhouette to the Rosners And, ruining a perfectly good party, he takes out a gun a shoots himself in the head.
165) 0) text: From a distance, Schindler can be seen arguing with an SS officer who's trying to hand him papers, orders of some k which the irate industrialist refuses to accept. Here, closer, carrying blankets and bundles, Schindler's  workers are marched under heavy guard out of the factory its annexes and across the fortified yard. His people are being taken. Where, is unclear. Schindler  abruptly breaks off the discussion with the SS man, climb into his car and drives off.
218) 0) text: In the machine-tool section, a "judicial table" has been up. At it sit Schindler, Liepold, two other SS officers, an attractive German girl, a stenographer. The "saboteur, the boy, Janek, stands before the court.