1) 3) text: The waiter is gesturing to a table across the room where  Schindler, seemingly unaware of the SS men, drinks with t best-looking woman in the place.
31) 0) text: Stern with a woman at the head of a line. The clerk affix the all-important blue sticker to her work card.
33) 0) text: Klonowska, wearing a man's silk robe, traipses past the  remains of a party to the front door. Opening it reveals nice looking, nicely dressed woman.
42) 0) text: Pfefferberg and Schindler bang in through the front door, startling a woman at a desk.
42) 1) dialog: Can I help you?
71) 0) text: Outside of town, a previously abandoned limestone quarry  lies nestled between two hills. The stone and brick build look like they've been here forever; the wooden structure those that are up, are built of freshly-cut lumber. There's a great deal of activity. New construction and  renovation -- foundations being poured, rail tracks being laid, fences and watchtowers going up, heavy segments of  huts -- wall panels, eaves sections -- being dragged uphi by teams of bescarved women like some ancient Egyptian  industry. Goeth surveys the site from a knoll, clearly pleased with it. But then he's distracted by voices -- a man's, a woman's arguing down where some barracks are being erected. The woman breaks off the dialog with a disgusted wave of hand and stalks back to a half-finished barracks. The man one from the car, Hujar, sees Goeth, Knude and Haase comi down the hill and moves to meet them.
71) 2) text: Goeth watches the woman moving around the shell of the  building, pointing, directing, telling the workers to tak it all down. He goes to take a closer look. She comes ove
71) 6) text: It's hard to tell which is more stunned by the order, the woman or Hujar. Both stare at Goeth in disbelief. He give her the reason along with a shrug --
71) 10) text: Goeth groans and takes the gun from him and puts it to th woman's head. Calmly to her --
85) 0) text: Spilling out of the buildings, they're herded into lines  without regard to family consideration; some other  unfathomable system is at work here. The wailing protests a woman to join her husband's line are abruptly cut off b short burst of gunfire.
98) 0) text: Amon Goeth stirs, wakes, glances at the woman asleep besi him. Hungover, he drags himself slowly out of bed.
101) 0) text: The woman in bed groans at the echoing shot. She's used t it but she still hates it; it's such an awful way to be w
126) 0) text: Across the street stands a nervous young woman in a faded dress. She seems to be trying to summon the courage to cr over and onto the factory grounds.
128) 0) text: The woman alone in a dismal room pulling on nylon stockin At a mirror, she applies make-up. She slips into a provoc dress. Puts on heels. A Parisian hat. And looks in the mi
172) 0) text: A woman asleep in the bed. The girl from the bar. In his  robe, at the window, Schindler calmly smokes as he stares out at the NIGHT
174) 32) text: THE KEYS typing another name -- A FACE, a man, A FACE, a  woman, A FACE, a child -- COGNAC SPILLING into a glass. The glass coming up to  Schindler's mouth, hesitating there.
191) 1) dialog: Where are the clerks?
191) 2) text: So often terrified by the sight of a clerk with a clipboa it is the absence of clerks which unsettles the woman now as though there remains no further reason to record their names. Mila's eyes return to the constant smoke rising beyond th birch trees at the settlement's western end.
194) 3) dialog: (pause) Sir, a mistake's been made. We're  not supposed to be here, we work for  Oskar Schindler. We're Schindler  Jews.
194) 10) text: He smiles to himself and gets on with the "examination,"  this woman to this line, this other one to that.
198) 0) text: Mila and another woman cross back toward their barracks  carrying a large heavy pot of broth. Not more than a hund meters away stand the birch trees and crematoria, the smo pluming even now, at NIGHT out of the darkness appear  "apparitions," skeletal figures which surround the two wo or rather the soup pot between them, dipping little metal cups into it, over and over. Too startled to speak, Mila can only stare. The apparitio clamor around the pot a moment more, than furtively slip  back into the same darkness from which they came. Mila an the other woman exchange a glance. The pot is empty.
200) 0) text: A large assembly of women. Guards calling out names from list. As each woman steps out of line, a guard unceremoni brushes a swathe of red paint across her clothes. New col are formed.
211) 4) text: She's the only woman he's even known who could make him  nervous just sitting across a table from him, saying noth
238) 3) text: Goeth stares at him bewildered. Then again at the worker spit. Then at other workers, the resolve in their eyes. They know he has no power here, and sense he has no power anywhere. His own eyes drift to a woman with yarn in her  lap, knitting needles in her hands. Is this a dream?
251) 0) text: All twelve hundred of them, a great moving crowd coming  forward, crosses the land laying between the camp, behind them, and the town, in front of them. Tight on the FACE of one of the MEN. Tight on TYPEWRITER KEYS rapping his NAME. Tight on A PEN scratching out the words, "METAL POLISHER" a form. Tight on the KEYS typing, "TEACHER." Tight on his FACE in the crowd. Tight on the face of a woman in the moving crowd. The key typing her name. The pen scratching out "LATHE OPERATOR." The keys typing "PHYSICIAN." Tight on her face. Tight on a man's face. His name. Pen scratching out  "ELECTRICIAN." Keys typing "MUSICIAN." His face. A woman's face. Name. Pen scratching out "MACHINIST." Key typing "MERCHANT." Face. "CARPENTER." Face. "SECRETARY." Face. "DRAFTSMAN." Face. "PAINTER." Face. "JOURNALIST." Face. "NURSE." Face. "JUDGE." Face. Face. Face. Face.