30) 0) text: Carrie and Charlotte sit on her bed looking through a lis names. ANTHONY sits at her makeup vanity. He has a large notebook open in front of him.
30) 2) dialog: Seventy five sounds better. "A small, wedding of seventy five guests." Carrie looks at the list.
30) 9) text: The other day. I have it here. Carrie gets up and goes into the closet. Anthony hurries and sits next to Charlotte. ANTHONY
30) 12) text: Here it is. Anthony and Charlotte grab hands in anticipation as Carri comes out of her closet. She holds up a simple OFF-WHITE VINTAGE SUIT. Charlotte and Anthony deflate. CARRIE (CONT'D)
30) 15) text: Simple and classic. When I saw it I just thought: That is what I should marry Big in. ANTHONY
30) 17) text: No one. I found it in a vintage shop. ANTHONY
30) 21) text: Don't worry, I'll style it up with shoes. Anthony turns to Charlotte and says in a low voice.
30) 22) dialog: The invitation is fancier than the dress.
71) 0) text: Miranda, Charlotte, Harry, Samantha, Smith, Stanford, Anthony, Bitsy and other GUESTS are gathered around a lon beautifully-set table. Carrie and Big ARRIVE at the top o the stairs. Everyone looks up and applauds.
82) 2) dialog: Now there's a bride! Flowers!
83) 6) dialog: Get off the dress!
83) 8) dialog: Where?! Carrie's CELL PHONE RINGS. Anthony reaches over and picks up, distracted by the dress situation.
83) 9) dialog: (sharp; into phone)
84) 2) dialog: Not now... dress emergency. Anthony hangs up, tosses her phone onto the dining table.
84) 3) dialog: Damage? What's the damage?
84) 5) dialog: Can't see anything behind this friggin' table. Go, go -- everyone out into the hall. As the girls start out -- Anthony addresses Stanford.
84) 8) text: Don't call me a queen. ANTHONY
88) 5) text: (beat) Gifts? Stanford chuckles as he points. She points to the DRIVER they walk away. Anthony comes over to Stanford. ANTHONY
88) 7) text: I know, but for Carrie's sake I've decided to ignore your attitude. ANTHONY
88) 9) text: They're probably stuck in traffic. ANTHONY
91) 0) text: Anthony and Stanford are waiting, as are Harry with Lily Magda with Brady, who is wearing a little tux with shorts knee socks holding a ring pillow. A FLURRY OF HIGH HEELS CLICKING on a marble floor is hear Carrie and the girls arrive around a corner. Magda GASPS, overjoyed when she sees Carrie in her dress.
91) 6) dialog: The groom. Carrie lifts up her veil with ONE arm and looks out from under it. She is on super high-alert.
183) 0) text: Anthony stands talking to FRIENDS. Someone taps him on th shoulder. He looks over -- it's Stanford -- holding two glasses of champagne. Stanford and Anthony look at each other as everyone around them kisses. Stanford presents h cheek. Anthony kisses it.
227) 0) text: WOMEN FRIENDS chatting and having fun. The front door is and a coat rack is visible in the hall. A couple of WAITE (20's) move around. ANTHONY comes up to Carrie.