10) 0) text: MIRANDA (41) and BRADY (5) are filling an inflatable pool with water from a hose. As STEVE approaches with Popsicle they squirt him with the hose. He grabs them; laughing.
31) 0) text: A "family style" Italian restaurant. Miranda, in business clothes, sits with Steve, Brady and MAGDA. Brady's face i covered in spaghetti sauce.
31) 5) dialog: I have to go to the bathroom.
62) 0) text: Carrie opens the door. Miranda stands there with Brady. S looks like she is about to burst into tears. Big stands i the hall behind Carrie. Unsure.
65) 0) text: Miranda walks into the chic hotel lobby holding Brady's h She pulls a piece of luggage behind her.
66) 0) text: Brady sits   on a couch in the lobby playing with his act figures. A   HOODED MOVIE ACTOR TYPE (25) sits slumped ne texting on   a phone. Carrie, Miranda, Charlotte and Sama are having   brunch at a table nearby.
66) 13) dialog: Mommy, I want to go home. Miranda nods; keeping a brave face. Charlotte looks upset
91) 0) text: Anthony and Stanford are waiting, as are Harry with Lily Magda with Brady, who is wearing a little tux with shorts knee socks holding a ring pillow. A FLURRY OF HIGH HEELS CLICKING on a marble floor is hear Carrie and the girls arrive around a corner. Magda GASPS, overjoyed when she sees Carrie in her dress.
92) 16) dialog: Where you going, Mommy?! Samantha looks at Stanford and Anthony -- speechless.
132) 0) text: An ethically diverse neighborhood with ethnically diverse PEOPLE. Miranda walks with Brady. A WIDE EYED Magda walks next to her.
133) 0) text: Miranda, Brady and Magda walk around a corner.
134) 0) text: Magda is standing out in front of the apartment building Brady. She looks -- A HOT LOOKING LATIN GUY (29) with tat is sitting on the stoop with a pitbull.
137) 0) text: Spanish music plays. Two female HAIRDRESSERS work on two Dominican WOMEN CUSTOMERS. Magda sits under a hair dryer her top lip white with cream bleach. Miranda is next to h dialing on her cell. Brady plays nearby with two Dominica KIDS (5,6).
150) 3) text: All the parents at Brady's school dress up -- it's fun! Fun thought up by a group of non-working mothers with nothing else to do all day. Miranda stops, looks at the costumes hanging there. MIRANDA (CONT'D)
173) 0) text: Steve is standing in the open doorway -- with his coat an hat on. Miranda is kneeling -- putting a winter coat on Brady. A Christmas tree glows behind them.
173) 4) text: That's right -- but you gotta say it more excited than that -- (then; excited) "Happy New Year!" BRADY
173) 8) text: Did you pack the new Batman Santa brought you? Brady shakes his head: NO. STEVE
173) 10) text: It's there near the tree. Brady leaves to get it. Steve looks over at Miranda. STEVE
173) 19) text: Brady nods and takes Steve's hand.   Steve looks over at Miranda.
173) 22) dialog: Kiss.
173) 23) text: Silence... then, Miranda bends down and gives Brady a big sloppy kiss.
187) 0) text: Steve and Brady are in bed... asleep.
250) 0) text: Big, Carrie, Miranda, Steve, Brady, Charlotte, Harry, Lil rose, Stanford, Samantha are casually gathered around a couple of tables that have been pushed together. A WAITRE comes over balancing hot plates.