11) 0) text: Charlotte (40) and HARRY and their beautiful Asian daught LILY (3) go around. Lily giggles, they kvell.
33) 31) text: Every couple is different. Harry and I -- Carrie and Samantha look over; interested. CHARLOTTE (CONT'D)
43) 0) text: Charlotte, Harry and Lily are having breakfast. A KING CHARLES SPANIEL and TWO MUTTS sit on the floor looking up them. Charlotte pages through the New York Post -- She notices something. CLOSE ON: NEWSPAPER; A small PHOTO: of Carrie on "PAGE SIX" above a mention of the wedding. Charlotte SCREAMS. Harry and Lily JUMP. She grabs the cordless phone from the table.
67) 0) text: Charlotte and Harry are making love, gently. She looks in his eyes -- speaks softly.
71) 0) text: Miranda, Charlotte, Harry, Samantha, Smith, Stanford, Anthony, Bitsy and other GUESTS are gathered around a lon beautifully-set table. Carrie and Big ARRIVE at the top o the stairs. Everyone looks up and applauds.
72) 0) text: The desserts are being served. Samantha stands and prepar to speak. Harry hits a glass with a spoon... people quiet down.
73) 0) text: Samantha is out front with Big, Harry and Smith. They are smoking cigars.
75) 0) text: Steve is standing with Smith, Big and Harry as Miranda co out of the restaurant -- Samantha looks out from inside.
86) 0) text: Carries and company leave the building, JADED NEW YORKERS passing by react with awe at the beautiful sight. CHARLOTTE leads Lily over to HARRY who is waiting by the Sedan. He makes a fuss over how cute she looks.
91) 0) text: Anthony and Stanford are waiting, as are Harry with Lily Magda with Brady, who is wearing a little tux with shorts knee socks holding a ring pillow. A FLURRY OF HIGH HEELS CLICKING on a marble floor is hear Carrie and the girls arrive around a corner. Magda GASPS, overjoyed when she sees Carrie in her dress.
154) 0) text: Carrie knocks on Charlotte's front door. It opens. Charlo stands there -- dressed as a cute cow. With udders on her belly. Harry is Uncle Fester. Lily is Cinderella in a MAS
154) 1) dialog: No costume?
166) 0) text: Charlotte sits on the couch, reading a magazine. The thre dogs near her. Harry enters.
166) 1) dialog: You going for your run?
166) 3) dialog: You didn't go yesterday either.
166) 6) dialog: Why is that?
166) 9) dialog: (as he goes)
180) 0) text: Lily, in her PJ's, is marching around the den wearing a "Happy New Year" party crown and blowing into a party fav horn. Harry and Charlotte -- wearing New Year's Eve party hats -- sit on the couch -- laughing. Charlotte and Harry kiss. His hand moves sensuously down Charlotte's body and rests on her pregnant belly.
238) 0) text: Carrie enters. Harry stands there. Beaming.
238) 2) dialog: It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women. She kisses him and walks over to the bed where Charlotte holding ROSE, a beautiful baby with thick dark hair.
238) 7) text: After Harry's "Bubbie." HARRY
238) 9) text: Well, I have to say you two are very cool customers -- just making the "baby's here" call without all the "I'm in labor" drama. HARRY
238) 12) text: Very dramatic. HARRY
238) 15) text: What? HARRY
238) 17) text: I bumped into him and I got so upset I started crying and then - my water broke. HARRY
238) 22) text: So -- we know she has Charlotte's hair -- what else do we know? Harry and Charlotte give each other a sad glance.
239) 0) text: Carrie walks out of Charlotte's room with Harry.
239) 2) dialog: He asked me to ask you to call him. Carrie stops. Turns around. Looks at him.
239) 3) dialog: I know! It's none of my business. But I felt bad for the poor schmuck hanging around the hospital waiting room hoping to see you. I swear every time he heard someone in heels coming down the hall -- his heart stopped.
239) 5) dialog: I know it is -- and you have every right to never call him -- but I'm just a big pile of love today --and I feel bad for the guy. He said he's been writing you -- but you never responded.
239) 8) dialog: He said he wrote because he didn't have your phone number.
239) 11) dialog: Then, why would he say that he had? Carrie looks at Harry. Lost. Confused.
250) 0) text: Big, Carrie, Miranda, Steve, Brady, Charlotte, Harry, Lil rose, Stanford, Samantha are casually gathered around a couple of tables that have been pushed together. A WAITRE comes over balancing hot plates.