11) 0) text: Charlotte (40) and HARRY and their beautiful Asian daught LILY (3) go around. Lily giggles, they kvell.
33) 0) text: The girls are having breakfast. Lily sits at the table in booster seat coloring in a Cinderella coloring book. Carr is helping her. CLOSE ON: Cinderella's shoe. Carrie is filling it in with a BLUE CRAYON.
33) 26) text: So... Sleep is the new sex? LILY
43) 0) text: Charlotte, Harry and Lily are having breakfast. A KING CHARLES SPANIEL and TWO MUTTS sit on the floor looking up them. Charlotte pages through the New York Post -- She notices something. CLOSE ON: NEWSPAPER; A small PHOTO: of Carrie on "PAGE SIX" above a mention of the wedding. Charlotte SCREAMS. Harry and Lily JUMP. She grabs the cordless phone from the table.
56) 0) text: Miranda, Charlotte and Carrie are standing in Carrie's apartment. Empty boxes are everywhere. Lily is coloring quietly nearby.
57) 0) text: Samantha is packing Carrie's collection of CD's, tapes an albums. She puts on a "Best of the 80's" CD. MUSIC START: Run DMC &amp; Aerosmith: "WALK THIS WAY." Carrie comes   out of her closet wearing an outfit that s "80's." Lily   looks up from her coloring. Miranda, Charl and Samantha   sit on the bed drinking champagne. Carrie They hold up   hand-written signs: "Take" or "Toss." JUMP CUT TO: Carrie comes out of the closet wearing anoth "80's" outfit. The girls vote: "Take, Take, Toss." Carrie nods. JUMP CUT TO: Carrie comes out of the closet wearing a tig pink top and a tutu. The girls LAUGH; then all hold up: "Toss." Carrie reacts. JUMP CUT TO: Carrie comes out wearing a late "90's" outfi The girls vote: "Take, Take, Take." Carrie is thrilled - keeps it. JUMP CUT TO: Miranda wearing something from Carrie's clos JUMP CUT TO: Charlotte wearing something from Carrie's closet. JUMP CUT TO: Samantha wearing something from Carrie's clo
78) 0) text: Carrie sits on the bed surrounded by Charlotte, Samantha, Miranda all wearing matching robes. Laying on the floor n the bed -- three open gift boxes and ribbons. Lily sits i Carrie's lap playing with Carrie's cell phone -- in her P
78) 10) text: Yes, but... after the break-ups -- comes the hot make-up sex. Charlotte pokes Samantha; indicates Lily. Samantha rolls eyes. Carrie's cell phone RINGS. Lily wants to answer it. CARRIE
78) 11) text: You want to answer? Go ahead, sweetie... Open it up... Lily opens it and holds it up to her face, silent. CARRIE (CONT'D)
78) 12) text: Say something. LILY
78) 15) text: Are you sure she's not my child? Carrie, still laughing, wipes a tear away as she takes th phone from Lily and answers it.
82) 0) text: Miranda is standing in the hall putting on her earrings. bedroom door opens -- Carrie stands there in the wedding gown. Carrie and Miranda catch eyes for a brief moment. T are no words. Lily steps around from behind Carrie. She is wearing a lo white dress and holding a LITTLE PURSE. She looks adorabl
84) 9) text: Go -- Out in the hall, your highness. Everyone except for Lily moves out into the hall.
85) 0) text: Big is standing there. He hears only Lily breathing.
86) 0) text: Carries and company leave the building, JADED NEW YORKERS passing by react with awe at the beautiful sight. CHARLOTTE leads Lily over to HARRY who is waiting by the Sedan. He makes a fuss over how cute she looks.
91) 0) text: Anthony and Stanford are waiting, as are Harry with Lily Magda with Brady, who is wearing a little tux with shorts knee socks holding a ring pillow. A FLURRY OF HIGH HEELS CLICKING on a marble floor is hear Carrie and the girls arrive around a corner. Magda GASPS, overjoyed when she sees Carrie in her dress.
99) 0) text: Charlotte leans down and tucks in the sleeping Lily. She picks up a "Chinese baby doll" and nestles it under Lily' arm, then turns and starts out.
100) 0) text: Miranda is standing in the hall as Charlotte enters from Lily's room.
148) 0) text: Carrie is reading Cinderella to Lily who sits in her lap. They are on Lily's bed - surrounded by her dolls.
148) 4) dialog: Again! Carrie flips back to the front. Lily is all smiles.
148) 7) dialog: Mommie home!
153) 4) text: Look, the people who don't know -- will only see the beautiful pictures. The people who do know will only see what an asshole he is. (beat; to Lily) Mommy said a bad word. CARRIE
153) 5) text: (looks down to Lily) Hi, honey. Lily holds up a little baby pumpkin to Carrie. CARRIE (CONT'D)
153) 6) text: For me? Lily nods. Carrie has to lighten up. She kneels to Lily.
153) 9) dialog: Cinderella.
153) 12) dialog: Yea!
153) 14) dialog: Yea!
154) 0) text: Carrie knocks on Charlotte's front door. It opens. Charlo stands there -- dressed as a cute cow. With udders on her belly. Harry is Uncle Fester. Lily is Cinderella in a MAS
155) 0) text: They walk down the hall. Carrie is holding Lily's hand.
180) 0) text: Lily, in her PJ's, is marching around the den wearing a "Happy New Year" party crown and blowing into a party fav horn. Harry and Charlotte -- wearing New Year's Eve party hats -- sit on the couch -- laughing. Charlotte and Harry kiss. His hand moves sensuously down Charlotte's body and rests on her pregnant belly.
199) 0) text: Carrie turns the key in her mail box. A little pink envel sits there. She takes it out and opens it. It's a "kid's style" Valentine card of Cinderella. She turns it over. Lily's crayon mark mixes with Charlotte's handwriting: To Aunt Carrie... Love, Lily.
238) 8) text: Now, we got a Lily and a Rose. Carrie sits on the edge of the bed. CARRIE