45) 0) text: Carrie is walking down the street with STANFORD.
45) 4) text: Rumor has it. STANFORD
45) 6) text: (laughs; then) Where are we eating? STANFORD
45) 7) text: Anywhere you like... and you know the rule -- the person on Page Six pays for lunch. Carrie laughs. TWO WOMEN spot her and scream.   She and Stanford REACT as the women GUSH.
46) 0) text: Carrie and Stanford are mid-meal. Three GAY MALE friends 40) stand at their table and gush.
46) 2) dialog: You forgot to charge us for the gaggle of gays.
47) 0) text: Carrie and Stanford are walking by a nail salon as BITSY MUFFLING, socialite, comes running out -- Mid-pedicure. S is barefoot with foam pads stuck between her painted toes
50) 0) text: Carrie stands on the set of a Vogue photo shoot wearing a GORGEOUS VERA WANG GOWN. Hair, make-up: stunning. She is surrounded by VOGUE STYLISTS and CREW. Carrie looks over Samantha, Stanford and Charlotte standing on the side-lin watching. They signal their approval. Carrie smiles... tentative -- but excited.
50) 3) dialog: ... And the right dress. Charlotte and Samantha smile.
50) 4) dialog: When I get married, I'm wearing something like that. But bigger. Samantha and Charlotte laugh. The PHOTOGRAPHER starts working. FLASH! Carrie poses. FLASH!
71) 0) text: Miranda, Charlotte, Harry, Samantha, Smith, Stanford, Anthony, Bitsy and other GUESTS are gathered around a lon beautifully-set table. Carrie and Big ARRIVE at the top o the stairs. Everyone looks up and applauds.
83) 0) text: A flurry of activity -- attaching the veil on Carrie. Stanford stands near Carrie ready to assist if needed.
84) 7) text: You're a queen -- you should know how to step around a gown. STANFORD
88) 0) text: WEDDING GUESTS arrive. Bitsy comes up to Stanford. A DRIV follows her carrying a LARGE box from TIFFANY.
88) 1) dialog: Looks like someone had breakfast at Tiffany.
88) 5) text: (beat) Gifts? Stanford chuckles as he points. She points to the DRIVER they walk away. Anthony comes over to Stanford. ANTHONY
88) 6) text: We have a problem. STANFORD
88) 8) text: No, a real problem. They're not here. STANFORD
91) 0) text: Anthony and Stanford are waiting, as are Harry with Lily Magda with Brady, who is wearing a little tux with shorts knee socks holding a ring pillow. A FLURRY OF HIGH HEELS CLICKING on a marble floor is hear Carrie and the girls arrive around a corner. Magda GASPS, overjoyed when she sees Carrie in her dress.
91) 4) dialog: He's not here yet.
91) 13) text: I don't know how to work this. Stanford hands her a phone. As she dials she catches a WORRIED LOOK on Charlotte's face. Carrie turns away and h the phone to her ear, waits. Waits. Then --
176) 0) text: Stanford sits in a festive booth with festive FRIENDS.
176) 1) dialog: Happy New Year -- We're having a fabulous time. The only thing missing is you. Come.
176) 3) dialog: Oh... Okay. (beat;then)
176) 6) dialog: No. Rescue me. It's very forced festive.
176) 8) dialog: Well... Better a Bronte sister than a Hilton sister.
183) 0) text: Anthony stands talking to FRIENDS. Someone taps him on th shoulder. He looks over -- it's Stanford -- holding two glasses of champagne. Stanford and Anthony look at each other as everyone around them kisses. Stanford presents h cheek. Anthony kisses it.
250) 0) text: Big, Carrie, Miranda, Steve, Brady, Charlotte, Harry, Lil rose, Stanford, Samantha are casually gathered around a couple of tables that have been pushed together. A WAITRE comes over balancing hot plates.