21) 0) text: Carrie and the girls enter a room filled with dramaticall lit jewelry cases that display amazing jewelry. On the wa around the gallery are large photos of a BEAUTIFUL RAVEN HAIRED WOMAN (45). She is captured in candid poses "out a about" New York city at various social events wearing the jewelry on display.
21) 10) text: He sleeps with every hot woman doctor in that hospital.
22) 0) text: A DISTINGUISHED WOMAN AUCTIONEER is at a podium.
22) 5) text: Thank you madame. Do I hear fifteen? A WOMAN IN A BUSINESS SUIT (40) on a phone, raises her number. Samantha looks over at her. SAMANTHA
22) 9) text: Twenty. Do I hear twenty-five? The Woman raises her number. AUCTIONEER (CONT'D)
22) 11) text: Thirty-five? The Woman is talking with someone on the phone. MIRANDA
22) 13) text: That's not fair. The Woman raises her hand. Charlotte gives her a look. AUCTIONEER
22) 23) text: Fifty fucking thousand! A LAUGH ripples through the room. Samantha glares at the rival woman, almost daring her. Carrie looks afraid.
23) 3) dialog: Isn't it? They look over at her.
23) 4) dialog: I thought it was just sad for me `cause I know her. But it's really sad, huh? And it's funny cause they were so happy.
23) 6) dialog: I know, right? We all told her to get married -- but she didn't want to push him. He'd been married three other times. So, she let it ride and then she came home one night and he had locked her out. She didn't even have anywhere to live. After ten years. Such a shame. She was a smart girl till she fell in love. Carrie catches Miranda's eye in the mirror, looks away.
49) 11) text: No, but forty is the last age you can see a woman photographed in a wedding gown without the unintended Diane Arbus subtext. CARRIE
115) 17) text: You can't forgive a man with a dick over nine inches? (off Miranda's "no") Well, honey, if you can't -- some other woman will. Felix comes up to the table. FELIX
155) 4) dialog: Oh, Carrie, I saw Vogue -- I'm so sorry. Carrie reacts, mortified.
156) 0) text: Another door opens. A PREPPY WOMAN (36) is there.
157) 0) text: A STYLIST is blowing out a woman with dark chestnut brown hair. Reveal the woman's face: It's Carrie --
207) 0) text: Eight-thirty -- Samantha is pacing. She takes a piece of sushi -- pops it in her mouth and chews -- pissed. A WOMA MOANING is heard. She walks over and glances out the wind into Dante's living room. Candles are everywhere -- he is naked and GIVING HEAD to naked BLONDE WOMAN. She is writh in pleasure. Samantha watches -- even more pissed.
227) 2) text: A woman just put a glass down on your new desk without a coaster. I told her if she did it again I'd break her arm. CARRIE