48) 0) text: A soldierly MAN of about forty (COLONEL BRANDON) is  dismounting from his horse. From within we hear MARIANNE' song begin. His head snaps up to the windows. An expressi of pained surprise comes into his melancholy, brooding ey
49) 4) dialog: A great pity, indeed.
49) 8) dialog: I have.
49) 12) text: But COLONEL BRANDON knows what MARGARET wants to hear.
49) 13) dialog: (mysteriously) The air is full of spices.
51) 0) text: In the background, SIR JOHN, ELINOR and MRS JENNINGS pack the remains of a picnic into a basket. MRS DASHWOOD and  MARGARET examine a foxhole. In the foreground, MARIANNE i cutting bulrushes for basketwork. Her knife is blunt and saws impatiently. COLONEL BRANDON materialises at her side and wordlessly o her his hunting knife. Oddly nervous, MARIANNE takes it. turns back to the rushes and cuts them with ease. The  COLONEL's gaze follows her movements as if held by a magn
52) 7) dialog: Marianne Dashwood would no more think  of me than she would of you, John.
52) 9) dialog: And all the better for her.
54) 0) text: An outdoor luncheon is in progress. COLONEL BRANDON is ta to MRS DASHWOOD. Occasionally he looks over towards MARIA who is playing bilboquet with SIR JOHN and MARGARET. MRS  JENNINGS nudges ELINOR hard and gestures to BRANDON.
54) 19) dialog: For the simple reason that you have  a far superior musician here.
64) 15) dialog: How is the invalid?
64) 21) dialog: Mr Willoughby--Lady Allen's nephew?
65) 0) text: WILLOUGHBY is shaking hands with COLONEL BRANDON and SIR  JOHN.
71) 5) dialog: (dismounting) Miss Dashwood! Miss Marianne!
71) 7) dialog: I come to issue an invitation. A  picnic on my estate at Delaford--if  you would care to join us on Thursday  next. Mrs Jennings's daughter and  her husband are traveling up  especially.
71) 10) dialog: (to Marianne) I will of course be including Mr  Willoughby in the party.
71) 18) dialog: A Broadwood Grand.
71) 22) dialog: Your sister seems very happy.
71) 24) dialog: She is wholly unspoilt.
71) 26) text: COLONEL BRANDON looks at her sharply and then speaks very deliberately, as though controlling some powerful emotion
71) 27) dialog: I knew a lady like your sister--the  same impulsive sweetness of temper-- who was forced into, as you put it,  a better acquaintance with the world.  The result was only ruination and  despair.
71) 29) dialog: Do not desire it, Miss Dashwood.
72) 27) text: It is a MESSENGER who has obviously had a long, hard ride He asks for COLONEL BRANDON and hands him a letter, which BRANDON tears open. MRS JENNINGS is puce with suppressed  curiosity.
72) 28) dialog: My horse! Quickly!
72) 30) dialog: I must away to London.
72) 33) dialog: Imperative.
72) 37) dialog: I cannot afford to lose one minute.
95) 12) dialog: I have. How is your dear mother?
95) 17) dialog: Forgive me, Miss Dashwood, but I  have heard reports through town...  is it impossible to--but I could  have no chance of succeeding--indeed  I hardly know what to do. Tell me  once and for all, is everything  finally resolved between your sister  and Mr Willoughby?
95) 21) dialog: Thank you, Miss Dashwood. To your  sister I wish all imaginable  happiness. To Mr Willoughby, that  he... may endeavour to deserve her.
95) 25) dialog: Forgive me, I--forgive me.
109) 0) text: ELINOR is seated at a desk writing a letter. There is a s rap at the front door. Footsteps are heard and as she tur the maid enters with COLONEL BRANDON. ELINOR rises to gre him.
109) 3) dialog: How does your sister?
109) 5) dialog: Then permit me to accompany you and  take you straight on from Cleveland  to Barton myself.
109) 9) dialog: Perhaps I--my regard for you all-- Miss Dashwood, will you allow me to  prove it by relating some  circumstances which nothing but an  earnest desire of being useful--
109) 11) dialog: (nods) When I quitted Barton last--but I  must go further back. A short account  of myself will be necessary. No  doubt... no doubt Mrs Jennings has  apprised you of certain events in my  past--the sad outcome of my connection  with a young woman named Eliza.
109) 13) dialog: What is not commonly known is that  twenty years ago, Eliza bore an  illegitimate child. The father,  whoever he was, abandoned them.
109) 15) dialog: As she lay dying, she begged me to  look after the child. Eliza died in  my arms, broken, wasted away--ah!  Miss Dashwood, such a subject-- untouched for so many years--it is  dangerous...
109) 17) dialog: I had failed Eliza in every other  way--I could not refuse her now. I  took the child--Beth is her name-- and placed her with a family where I  could be sure she would be well looked  after. I saw her whenever I could. I  saw that she was headstrong like her  mother--and, God forgive me, I  indulged her, I allowed her too much  freedom. Almost a year ago, she  disappeared.
109) 19) dialog: I instigated a search but for eight  months I was left to imagine the  worst. At last, on the day of the  Delaford picnic, I received the first  news her. She was with child... and  the blackguard who had--
109) 23) dialog: Before I could return to confront  him, Lady Allen learned of his  behaviour and turned him from the  house. He beat a hasty retreat to  London--
109) 25) dialog: Lady Allen had annulled his legacy.  He was left with next to nothing,  and in danger of losing all that  remained to his debtors--
109) 34) dialog: She has chosen to go into the country  for her confinement. Such has been  the unhappy resemblance between the  fate of mother and daughter, and so  imperfectly have I discharged my  trust.
109) 36) dialog: I would not have burdened you, Miss  Dashwood, had I not from my heart  believed it might, in time, lessen  your sister's regrets.
109) 38) dialog: I have described Mr Willoughby as  the worst of libertines--but I have  since learned from Lady Allen that  he did mean to propose that day.  Therefore I cannot deny that his  intentions towards Marianne were  honourable, and I feel certain he  would have married her, had it not  been for--for the money.
119) 1) dialog: I have heard that your friend Mr  Ferrars has been entirely cast off  by his family for persevering in his  engagement to Miss Steele.
120) 1) dialog: Have I been rightly informed? Is it  so?
120) 4) dialog: No, we have never met. But I know  only too well the cruelty--the  impolitic cruelty of dividing two  young people long attached to one  another. Mrs Ferrars does not know  what she may drive her son to--
120) 6) dialog: I have a proposal to make that should  enable him to marry Miss Steele  immediately. Since the gentleman is  so close a friend to your family,  perhaps you will be good enough to  mention it to him?
120) 9) dialog: I think not. His behaviour has proved  him proud--in the best sense. I feel  certain this is the right course.
138) 1) dialog: Marianne!
144) 1) dialog: She is not hurt--but we must get her  warm!
147) 4) dialog: (urgent) What is your diagnosis?
151) 1) dialog: What can I do?
151) 3) dialog: Give me an occupation, Miss Dashwood,  or I shall run mad. He is dangerously  quiet.
151) 5) dialog: Of course. Barton is but eight hours  away. If I make no stop, you may see  us early tomorrow morning.
151) 7) dialog: In your hands I know she will be  safe.
165) 1) dialog: What though the sea with waves  continuall Doe eate the earth, it is  no more at all.
166) 1) dialog: Nor is the earth the lesse, or loseth  aught. For whatsoever from one place  doth fall, Is with the tide unto  another brought...
166) 5) dialog: 'For there is nothing lost, but may  be found, if sought...
166) 8) dialog: No--for I must away.
166) 10) dialog: (teasing) That I cannot tell you. It is a  secret.
186) 0) text: A large wedding party is gathered outside the church. The entire village is present--CHILDREN, FARMERS, LABOURERS,  SHOPKEEPERS, and all our PRINCIPALS. We see MRS JENNINGS a gigantic mauve bonnet, CHARLOTTE and MR PALMER, SIR JOH MRS DASHWOOD, MARGARET, THOMAS, JOHN and FANNY, who is dr in a fantastically inappropriate concoction, and some MEN regimental uniform. The path to the church is strewn with wild flowers and  everyone holds a bunch of their own. The church bells sta to peal, and a great cheer goes up as the door opens and  BETSY comes out holding the bridal cake aloft. The bride and groom appear: MARIANNE, in white lawn, and  COLONEL BRANDON in full uniform. Behind them come EDWARD his parson's garb and, on his arm, ELINOR as matron of ho CLOSE on them as they watch the party moving away. MARIAN and BRANDON make their way forwards, everyone throws thei flowers over them, whooping and singing. An open carriage decked with bridal wreaths comes to meet them, and BRANDO lifts MARIANNE in. His melancholy air is all but gone and radiates joyful life and vigour. MARIANNE also looks extr happy - but there is a gravity to her joy that makes her  seem much older. According to the custom of the time, BRANDON throws a lar handful of six pences into the crowd, and the VILLAGE CHI jump and dive for them. The coins spin and bounce, catching the sun like jewels. hits FANNY in the eye. She reels and falls over backwards into a gorse bush. CAM pulls back as the wedding processi makes its glorious way from the church. We draw away into the surrounding countryside. Then we see, on the far edge of frame, very small, a MAN  sitting on a white horse, watching. It is WILLOUGHBY. As draw back further still, he slowly pulls the horse around and moves off in the opposite direction.