19) 0) text: A very capable HORSEMAN (EDWARD FERRARS) canters up the g drive. CLOSE on his face as he gazes up at the elegant faГ§ade.
20) 0) text: Everyone except MARGARET is present. EDWARD has just shak bands with ELINOR. He behaves with great respect to the  DASHWOODS and seems embarrassed by FANNY's pro prietorial air.
20) 3) dialog: Naturally. I am also shy of strangers  and I have nothing like her excuse.
20) 5) text: ELINOR glances at her warningly but EDWARD replies with  careful consideration.
20) 6) dialog: Very much. Your stables are very  handsome and beautifully kept, Mrs  Dashwood.
20) 8) dialog: An oversight, Fanny, led me to the  wrong room. I have rectified the  situation and am happily settled in  the guest quarters.
20) 9) text: MARIANNE and ELINOR look at each other in surprise. FANNY looks furious. MRS DASHWOOD smiles warmly at EDWARD. CLOSE on ELINOR. She is impressed.
21) 0) text: FANNY is walking with EDWARD, who looks at the pictures w interest.
21) 2) dialog: My dear Fanny, they have just lost  their father their lives will never  be the same again.
22) 0) text: FANNY leads EDWARD in. She sniffs with distaste.
22) 2) dialog: Oh? No. The dust, perhaps.
22) 3) text: As they speak, EDWARD notices a large atlas retreating  apparently all by itself across the floor. Someone is  obviously under the table, pulling it out of sight. He  registers it and immediately moves in such a way as to sh it from FANNY. He turns back, searching for something to  divert her.
22) 4) dialog: I hear you have great plans for the  walnut grove.
22) 7) dialog: How picturesque. Will you show me  the site?
23) 5) text: There is a knock on the door. Hesitantly, EDWARD appears.
23) 6) dialog: Pardon my intrusion, but I believe I  have found what you are looking for.
24) 0) text: EDWARD is standing outside keeping a discreet lookout. Th door is half open and he can hear ELINOR trying to coax  MARGARET out. FANNY walks by with a BUTLER to whom she is giving instructions. EDWARD pretends to examine the mould and she passes on unsuspecting.
24) 2) text: More silence. EDWARD thinks hard. He makes a decision.
25) 0) text: EDWARD walks in loudly.
25) 1) dialog: Oh, Miss Dashwood! Excuse me I was  wondering do you by any chance have  such a thing as a reliable atlas?
25) 4) dialog: Excellent. I wish to check the  position of the Nile.
25) 5) text: EDWARD appears to be utterly sincere.
25) 6) dialog: My sister says it is in South America.
25) 9) dialog: Belgium? Surely not. You must be  thinking of the Volga.
25) 12) dialog: Vladivostok, and ends in...
25) 14) dialog: Indeed. Where the coffee beans come  from.
25) 15) text: They are having such a good time that it is rather a pity the game is stopped by the appearance from under the tabl of MARGARET who reveals herself to be a disheveled girl o eleven. She hauls the atlas up and plonks it in front of  EDWARD.
25) 17) dialog: Is it? Good heavens. How do you do.  Edward Ferrars.
25) 19) text: EDWARD shakes MARGARET's hand solemnly and looks over her head at ELINOR. They smile at each other, a connection ma
26) 0) text: JOHN is reading a newspaper. MRS DASHWOOD sits across fro FANNY, who thumbs through a fashion-plate magazine. ELINO is at a desk by the window writing a letter we see the wo 'of course we should like to leave as soon as possible'.  Suddenly she hears a commotion outside. MARGARET runs pas the window brandishing a stick. EDWARD follows, and proce to teach her the first principles of sword-fighting. They feint and parry, EDWARD serious and without a hint of  condescension, MARGARET concentrating furiously. EDWARD  suddenly turns, as though feeling ELINOR's gaze. She smil but looks away quickly.
27) 0) text: EDWARD comes into the doorway and sees ELINOR who is list to MARIANNE playing a concerto. ELINOR stands in a gracef rather sad attitude, her back to us. Suddenly she senses  EDWARD behind her and turns. He is about to turn away,  embarrassed to have been caught admiring her, when he see she has been weeping. Hastily she tries to dry her eyes. comes forward and offers her a handkerchief, which she ta with a grateful smile. We notice his monogram in the corn ECF.
27) 2) text: EDWARD nods kindly.
27) 4) dialog: Not at all. I enjoy her company.
27) 6) dialog: Not yet. Would you do me the honour,  Miss Dashwood? It is very fine out.
27) 10) dialog: I know. She is heading an expedition  to China shortly. I am to go as her  servant but only on the understanding  that I will be very badly treated.
27) 12) dialog: Sword-fighting, administering rum  and swabbing.
27) 14) text: CAM tilts up to find MRS DASHWOOD on the middle landing o the staircase, smiling down at them. CAM tilts up yet fur to find FANNY on the landing above, watching EDWARD and E with a face like a prune.
28) 0) text: EDWARD and ELINOR are still talking as they walk arm in a in the late afternoon sun.
28) 1) dialog: All I want--all I have ever wanted  is the quiet of a private life but  my mother is determined to see me  distinguished.
28) 3) dialog: She hardly knows. Any fine figure  will suit a great orator, a leading  politician, even a barrister would  serve, but only on the condition  that I drive my own barouche and  dine in the first circles.
28) 6) dialog: I always preferred the church, but  that is not smart enough for my mother  she prefers the army, but that is a  great deal too smart for me.
28) 8) dialog: I hate London. No peace. A country  living is my ideal a small parish  where I might do some good, keep  chickens and give very short sermons.
29) 0) text: EDWARD and ELINOR are on horseback. The atmosphere is  intimate, the quality of the conversation rooted now in t affections.
29) 2) text: EDWARD nods and smiles at the irony of it.
29) 3) dialog: Our circumstances are therefore  precisely the same.
29) 7) dialog: Perhaps Margaret is right.
29) 9) dialog: Piracy is our only option.
29) 11) dialog: What is swabbing exactly?
30) 0) text: Dinner is over. JOHN and FANNY are examining plans of the Norland estate, looking for somewhere to build a hermitag EDWARD is reading out loud. ELINOR embroiders and listens MRS DASHWOOD and MARIANNE make up the rest of the audienc the latter in a state of high impatience.
30) 1) dialog: No voice divine the storm allayed No  light propitious shone, When snatched  from all effectual aid, We perished  each alone: But I beneath a rougher  sea, And whelmed in deeper gulfs  than he.
30) 6) text: Rather mortified, EDWARD starts again, but not before  receiving a sympathetic look from ELINOR which seems to  comfort him a little.
33) 0) text: FANNY is standing by the window looking out. We see her P of ELINOR and EDWARD walking in the garden. MRS DASHWOOD enters, pauses for a moment and then joins F at the window. FANNY pretends not to have been watching b MRS DASHWOOD looks down at the lovers and then smiles swe at her.
35) 1) dialog: Devonshire!
35) 7) dialog: But you will not leave before the  summer?
35) 10) dialog: I should like that very much.
35) 15) dialog: Cannot you take him with you?
35) 17) dialog: Perhaps he could make himself useful  in the kitchen?
35) 18) text: ELINOR tries to smile. EDWARD looks at her for a long mom and then comes closer.
35) 19) dialog: Miss Dashwood--Elinor. I must talk  to you.
35) 21) dialog: There is something of great importance  I need... to tell you--
35) 22) text: He comes closer still. The HORSE breathes between them. E is on fire with anticipation but EDWARD looks troubled an has less the air of a suitor than he might.
35) 23) dialog: --about--about my education.
35) 25) dialog: Yes. It was less... successful than  it might have been.
35) 26) text: EDWARD laughs nervously. ELINOR is completely bewildered.
35) 27) dialog: It was conducted in Plymouth--oddly  enough.
35) 29) dialog: Yes. Do you know it?
35) 31) dialog: Yes.
35) 33) dialog: Oh--well--I spent four years there-- at a school run by a--a Mr Pratt--
35) 36) dialog: Precisely--Mr Pratt--and there, I-- that is to say, he has a--
35) 37) text: As EDWARD flounders, a familiar voice cuts through this  unexpected foray into his academic past.
35) 39) text: They turn to find FANNY powering down upon them, waving a letter. EDWARD steps back, glancing almost guiltily at EL who is as confused as we are.
35) 41) dialog: Fanny, I am leaving this afternoon  as it is--
35) 43) text: FANNY is determined. She obviously has no intention of le him alone with ELINOR. EDWARD turns to ELINOR, frustratio in every muscle, his jaw set tight.
35) 44) dialog: Excuse me, Miss Dashwood.
35) 45) text: FANNY drags EDWARD off, leaving ELINOR to gaze sadly afte them.
68) 0) text: CLOSE on Edward's handkerchief. We can see the monogram E clearly. CLOSE on ELINOR staring out of the window. Tears stand in her eyes but she presses the handkerchief to them before  they fall.
70) 5) text: MRS DASHWOOD is silenced but sighs crossly. ELINOR looks  over to the lovers and sees WILLOUGHBY in the act of cutt off a lock of MARIANNE's hair, which he kisses and places his pocket-book. ELINOR is transfixed by this strangely e moment. WILLOUGHBY senses her gaze and looks over. She sn her head back to her sums and is astonished to find that has written 'Edward' at the top of the sheet. Hastily she rubs it out and writes 'Expenses'. EXT. BARTON CHURCH. DAY. MRS JENNINGS is talking to the elderly CURATE. Other  PARISHIONERS exit the church as WILLOUGHBY's curricle (th eighteenth-century equivalent of a sports car) goes flyin by. MARIANNE sits by his side, the picture of happiness. JENNINGS nudges the CURATE and whispers. The PARISHIONERS stare after them and comment to each other.
111) 14) text: ELINOR quite involuntarily sits down and then stands up a EDWARD is admitted, looking both anxious and eager. As LU is sitting in the window seat, at first he sees only ELIN
111) 15) dialog: Miss Dashwood, how can I--
111) 18) text: EDWARD turns slowly and encounters LUCY's glassy smile. H all but blanches. Then bows, and clears his throat.
111) 19) dialog: How do you do, Miss Steele.
111) 21) text: EDWARD has no notion of what to do or say. He swallows.
111) 23) text: LUCY's eyes are sharp as broken glass. EDWARD remains on feet, looking helplessly from one woman to the other.
111) 25) text: This is precisely what EDWARD had thought. He tries to sm but his facial muscles won't work. ELINOR decides to fetc help.
111) 27) text: ELINOR goes to the door, thankful to escape, but MARIANNE prevents her by walking in at that moment. Despite her  anguish, she is very pleased to see EDWARD and embraces h warmly.
111) 29) text: EDWARD is shocked by her appearance and momentarily forge his own confusion.
111) 30) dialog: Forgive me, Marianne, my visit is  shamefully overdue. You are pale. I  hope you have not been unwell?
111) 32) text: MARIANNE gestures to ELINOR encouragingly but EDWARD seem unable to look at her.
111) 33) dialog: How do you like London, Marianne?
111) 37) dialog: I have been much engaged elsewhere.
111) 42) text: EDWARD makes an uncomfortable noise.
111) 44) text: Now EDWARD can stand it no longer.
111) 45) dialog: Forgive me but I must take my leave--
111) 48) dialog: You must excuse me, I have a  commission to attend to for Fanny--
111) 52) dialog: I would be honoured. Goodbye, Miss  Dashwood, Miss Marianne.
111) 53) text: He shakes hands with ELINOR and with MARIANNE, who is sil with dismay. LUCY takes EDWARD's arm and looks up at him  proprietorially. After a stiff bow and a muttered farewell from EDWARD, th leave. MARIANNE looks at her sister in astonishment.
121) 0) text: ELINOR is waiting. The MAID announces EDWARD and he walks momentarily. They are alone for the first time in months for a moment, neither speaks.
121) 2) dialog: Miss Dashwood.
121) 5) dialog: I was most grateful to receive it. I-- Miss Dashwood, God knows what you  must think of me...
121) 8) dialog: I have no right to speak, I know--
121) 11) text: EDWARD looks completely bewildered.
121) 12) dialog: Yes, I have heard his name.
121) 15) text: EDWARD cannot at first take it in. ELINOR sits down.
121) 16) dialog: Colonel Brandon?
121) 18) text: Now EDWARD sits--in shock.
121) 19) dialog: Colonel Brandon give me a parish?  Can it be possible?
121) 21) text: EDWARD looks at ELINOR, his eyes full of growing  comprehension.
121) 22) dialog: No. Not to find it in you. I cannot  be ignorant that to you--to your  goodness--I owe it all. I feel it. I  would express it if I could, but, as  you know, I am no orator.
121) 24) text: But EDWARD clearly believes she has been instrumental in offer. He frowns slightly before speaking with rather an  effort.
121) 25) dialog: Colonel Brandon must be a man of  great worth and respect ability.
121) 28) text: This makes EDWARD seem even more depressed. He sits silen for a moment but then rouses himself to action.
121) 29) dialog: May I enquire why the Colonel did  not tell me himself?
121) 31) text: EDWARD looks at ELINOR, his eyes full of sadness.
121) 32) dialog: Your friendship has been the most  important of my life.
121) 34) dialog: Forgive me.
121) 37) dialog: Goodbye, Miss Dashwood.
121) 38) text: EDWARD leaves silently. ELINOR stands stock-still in the  middle of the room.
179) 2) text: EDWARD follows her in, looking white and agitated.
179) 4) dialog: Mrs Dashwood. Miss Marianne. Margaret.  Miss Dashwood. I hope I find you all  well.
179) 11) dialog: I am glad of it. The... the roads  were very dry.
179) 16) dialog: Tolerably, thank you.
179) 18) dialog: I--But EDWARD cannot seem to find  any words.
179) 20) text: EDWARD looks extremely confused.
179) 21) dialog: No--my mother is in town.
179) 24) text: EDWARD colours. He hesitates.
179) 25) dialog: Then you have not heard--the news--I  think you mean my brother--you mean  Mrs Robert Ferrars.
179) 28) text: ELINOR has frozen. EDWARD rises and goes to the window.
179) 29) dialog: Yes. I received a letter from Miss  Steele--or Mrs Ferrars, I should say-- communicating the... the transfer of  her affections to my brother Robert.  They were much thrown together in  London, I believe, and... and in  view of the change in my  circumstances, I felt it only fair  that Miss Steele be released from  our engagement. At any rate, they  were married last week and are now  in Plymouth.
179) 30) text: ELINOR rises suddenly, EDWARD turns and they stand lookin at one another.
179) 32) dialog: No.
181) 0) text: ELINOR cannot stop crying. EDWARD comes forward, very slo
181) 1) dialog: Elinor! I met Lucy when I was very  young. Had I had an active profession,  I should never have felt such an  idle, foolish inclination. At Norland  my behaviour was very wrong. But I  convinced myself you felt only  friendship for me and it was my heart  alone that I was risking. I have  come with no expectations. Only to  profess, now that I am at liberty to  do so, that my heart is and always  will be yours.
183) 0) text: The figures of EDWARD and ELINOR can be seen walking, in  deep conversation.
184) 2) dialog: The more so since she settled the  money upon him so irrevocably--
184) 4) dialog: Her family fluctuates at an alarming  rate. Then, in London, when you told  me of the Colonel's offer, I became  convinced that you wanted me to marry  Lucy and that--well, that you and  Colonel Brandon...
184) 6) dialog: I shall not forget attempting to  thank him for making it possible for  me to marry the woman I did not love  while convinced he had designs upon  the woman I did--do--love.
184) 7) text: EDWARD stops walking. He looks at ELINOR and realises he stand it no longer.
184) 8) dialog: Would you--can you--excuse me--
186) 0) text: A large wedding party is gathered outside the church. The entire village is present--CHILDREN, FARMERS, LABOURERS,  SHOPKEEPERS, and all our PRINCIPALS. We see MRS JENNINGS a gigantic mauve bonnet, CHARLOTTE and MR PALMER, SIR JOH MRS DASHWOOD, MARGARET, THOMAS, JOHN and FANNY, who is dr in a fantastically inappropriate concoction, and some MEN regimental uniform. The path to the church is strewn with wild flowers and  everyone holds a bunch of their own. The church bells sta to peal, and a great cheer goes up as the door opens and  BETSY comes out holding the bridal cake aloft. The bride and groom appear: MARIANNE, in white lawn, and  COLONEL BRANDON in full uniform. Behind them come EDWARD his parson's garb and, on his arm, ELINOR as matron of ho CLOSE on them as they watch the party moving away. MARIAN and BRANDON make their way forwards, everyone throws thei flowers over them, whooping and singing. An open carriage decked with bridal wreaths comes to meet them, and BRANDO lifts MARIANNE in. His melancholy air is all but gone and radiates joyful life and vigour. MARIANNE also looks extr happy - but there is a gravity to her joy that makes her  seem much older. According to the custom of the time, BRANDON throws a lar handful of six pences into the crowd, and the VILLAGE CHI jump and dive for them. The coins spin and bounce, catching the sun like jewels. hits FANNY in the eye. She reels and falls over backwards into a gorse bush. CAM pulls back as the wedding processi makes its glorious way from the church. We draw away into the surrounding countryside. Then we see, on the far edge of frame, very small, a MAN  sitting on a white horse, watching. It is WILLOUGHBY. As draw back further still, he slowly pulls the horse around and moves off in the opposite direction.