5) 4) dialog: Yes, the blow was strong, but Eliana's footwork betrayed her! A battle is like a river-crossing, every step must find a safe spot -- Diana REHEARSES Artemis' moves, her young face set in a fierce scowl. She stabs at imaginary enemies, then looks up to find -- Antiope STARING AT HER from across the grounds. She's caught! But instead of hiding -- she looks back to Antiope: I'm ready to fight! LET ME TRY! Antiope shakes her head but smiles -- Diana smiles back.
7) 18) text: Does she? Antiope approaches, Philippus respectfully keeping a distance.
7) 19) dialog: I could begin showing her some things. (off Hippolyta's silence)
7) 22) dialog: In the event of an invasion.
7) 24) dialog: I pray a day will never come where she has to fight, but you, the wisest of us all, know that one cannot deny their inner nature. A scorpion must sting, a wolf must hunt --
7) 26) dialog: But, sister --
7) 32) text: There will be no training. Hippolyta rides a crestfallen Diana away.   She looks bac at Antiope, who nods at Diana pointedly.
11) 0) text: Antiope and Young Diana (8), now dressed for training, raise their BO STAFFS. Antiope strikes, gently at first, but not for long. Diana works hard to defend herself.
12) 0) text: APHRODITE, Goddess of Love, stands beside Zeus and the other gods at the shore of a turbulent sea, waving her hands as the ocean churns. From out of the sea rises: HIPPOLYTA, ANTIOPE, and countless other figures -- WARRIOR WOMEN.
12) 5) dialog: But it did not last.
12) 10) dialog: Ares refused to give up his hold on mankind. Tightening his grip, he turned them against us. ARES AND HIS ARMY OF MEN lead Hippolyta and the other Amazons out of a BURNING CITY in SHACKLES and CHAINS.
12) 11) dialog: When Zeus led the gods to our defense, Ares killed them, one-by- one... Ares grabs Apollo from behind, slitting his throat -- elsewhere, he assassinates Aphrodite -- elsewhere, Hermes
12) 12) dialog: .... until only Zeus himself remained. HIPPOLYTA breaks the chains between her bracelets!
12) 13) dialog: Your mother, the Amazon Queen, led a revolt that freed us all from enslavement. Hippolyta leads the Amazons in battle against Ares, swinging her sword, a feral CHEETAH fights at her side --
15) 0) text: Antiope attacks! Young Diana (8) tries to keep up -- and to Antiope's surprise and satisfaction -- she does!
15) 1) dialog: But in the event he did, Zeus left us a weapon, one powerful enough to kill a God... to destroy Ares before he could destroy mankind... and us... with an endless war.
19) 0) text: SWORDS clash! Young Diana (now 12) continues to train with Antiope -- more skilled, stronger -- but not yet the warrior she will one day be. As Antiope pushes her --
19) 1) dialog: You're doubting yourself.
19) 6) text: No, I'm not. Antiope swings, the swords clashing! Young Diana (12) loses her footing, falling to the ground --
19) 7) dialog: Yes, you are. (beat)
19) 15) text: Take her to the palace. Crestfallen, Young Diana (12) is led away by Hippolyta's guards. She locks eyes with Antiope as she leaves.
19) 16) dialog: You left me no choice, Hippolyta. You neglect your duty if she cannot fight.
19) 21) dialog: You think I don't wish that were true?! (beat)
19) 24) dialog: Nobody wants this less than I. I love her as you do. (beat)
19) 25) text: But this is the only way to truly protect her. Hippolyta's pained eyes look away, pause for a beat, and then return to meet Antiope's with a steely stare.
19) 28) dialog: Hippolyta --
19) 30) text: You will train her until she is unconquerable. A beat.   Then Antiope nods.
20) 4) dialog: Come on, Diana. You're stronger than this. Diana attacks Antiope with strength previously unseen! The Amazons watch with awe. Even Hippolyta. Unrelenting, Diana strikes hard, AGAIN AND AGAIN, until she knocks Antiope's sword out of her hands! Cocky, Diana points the sword at Antiope, who holds up her hands in surrender, proud. Diana nods, lowering the sword -- she's won. Diana turns to her mother, looking for her approval but - -- WHAM! Out of nowhere, Antiope sends Diana to the ground with a BRUTAL BLOW! Not so fun anymore. Diana takes a breath, recovering. Hippolyta watches from the hill --
20) 6) text: Get up, Diana. Diana glances at Antiope -- it was a dirty move -- but Antiope faces off against Diana!
20) 10) dialog: NEVER let your guard down! Your opponents will have no honor. They will strike at you from behind! They will attack without provocation! Antiope knocks Diana's sword aside!
20) 11) dialog: Show me the Amazon you are! (pushing Diana)
20) 12) text: Or was I wrong to put such faith in you? Pushed to her limit, Diana brings both arms up -- then SLAMS her bracelets together! BOOSH!   A FIELD OF ENERGY EMANATES FROM DIANA'S CORE. We get the sense that this is just the beginning of her true POWER. Still, it's powerful enough to knock Antiope off her feet. Diana stumbles back... Diana, amazed and elated, realizes that something unbelievable has happened. A tiny GOLDEN SPARK in her eye quickly fades. Diana's ecstatic, scared and confused.   She looks to her mother: Did you see that? But Hippolyta is worried about the implications of Diana's power -- and Diana mistakes it for judgment.
20) 15) dialog: Stay back. Diana looks at the other Amazons, who all stare back in silence, even Artemis -- then back to her mother's forlorn face, filled with fear. Diana slowly takes a step away, feeling frightened, guilty, rejected -- And Diana runs --
26) 27) dialog: (shouting to her troops)
26) 28) text: Omicron formation! Antiope's team organizes into a formation, working together but still overwhelmed until -- HIPPOLYTA arrives on the beach, joining the battle in spectacular fashion. She slashes through the Germans like no other Amazon, proving why she is QUEEN! Diana is in awe of her mother -- it's the first time she's witnessed her fight.
26) 32) dialog: (to Menalippe)
26) 37) dialog: Diana. The time has come... you... you must...
26) 40) text: Go where? Antiope! No! Hippolyta rushes to Diana, falling to her knees in front of Antiope's lifeless body.