58) 0) text: Diana, Steve, and Sameer sit with bruised Charlie, Scottish and deeply drunk. A WHISKEY GLASS in each fist.
58) 2) dialog: Steven. May God put a flower on your head. Charlie downs the whiskey in a fluid sip.   Gone.
58) 4) dialog: I mistook his drink for mine. Diana looks at Steve, clearly concerned by his choice of reinforcements.
58) 12) dialog: (cheers)
58) 13) text: They never know what hit `em. There's a darkness behind Charlie's polite smile.
58) 15) dialog: I don't.   Better that way.
58) 17) dialog: Ain't the first time I heard that, lassie.
58) 19) dialog: Don't get paid for honor.
58) 22) dialog: What's the going rate?
58) 34) dialog: (to Diana)
58) 35) text: No offense, cherie, but I don't wanna get killed helping a girl out of a ditch, ya know what I mean? The Bruiser that Charlie was fighting returns, this time with several ROUGH-LOOKING FRIENDS!
58) 37) text: These are mine. Charlie's knocked to the ground! He doesn't see Diana move fearlessly, grabbing the BRUISER -- as if he weighed nothing -- and tosses him across the room! The Bruiser smashes into the wall, crumpling to the floor. His friends make a quick exit. Sameer is smitten, helping Charlie up.
58) 39) dialog: (to Sameer; unimpressed)
61) 0) text: The train sits at the top of Dover Docks. Its STEAM engulfs HUNDREDS OF ALLIED SOLDIERS disembarking, among them, Diana, Steve, Sameer, and Charlie. The new recruits are jubilant, singing "It's A Long Way To Tipperary" as they walk toward the waiting STEAMSHIP. Steve checks his watch again --
63) 7) dialog: Aye. The Chief looks at Diana and, for the first time in the world of men, a man looks her square in the eye.
63) 23) dialog: And guns. Charlie grabs a RIFLE, looks through the SCOPE and gives it a kiss -- like a father reunited with his long-lost child. The others help themselves to GUNS. Steve, Sameer, and Charlie take BOTTLES OF BEER they pay The Chief for.
63) 25) text: It's not even very good beer. Charlie's the only one that doesn't seem to mind. Steve looks at a MAP.
63) 30) dialog: No need. I'll take it.     I never sleep on the job!
64) 0) text: Charlie FAST ASLEEP -- along with Steve and Sameer, around the fire. Chief is heating cans of food. Diana turns to RUMBLING in the distance.
64) 18) text: His people. Before Diana can ask more about that, Charlie suddenly starts to murmur, suffering through some kind of terrible nightmare. Diana watches until -- Charlie CRIES OUT, waking himself and Steve and Sameer. Diana reaches out to Charlie, compassionately --
64) 23) text: What did you see? Gruff, Charlie pulls away from Diana --
64) 24) dialog: I'm fine, `right? (mumbling)
64) 25) text: Bloody broad. Charlie gets up and grabs another BEER.    Chief looks at Diana.
67) 0) text: DIANA, CHARLIE, SAMMY, and THE CHIEF follow STEVE down a MUDDY ROAD in the woods, the SOUNDS OF BOMBS in the b.g. Diana takes in the bleakness of the world. A cluster of villagers runs past. Fleeing from something. A BABY cries in its mother's arms. Diana stares -- hears SCREAMS ahead. IN A DITCH on the side of the road, TWO HORSES pulling a CART OF MUNITIONS (that has tipped) are stuck in the MUD. A SOLDIER whips the horses, trying to get them out.
67) 2) dialog: Because they need to move.    Like us.
67) 4) dialog: There's no time! C'mon, woman. Steve and the team jog down the road, Diana reluctantly following. A WAILING man is heard ahead. ON THE ROAD. Diana looks ahead to where a WOUNDED SOLDIER crying out in pain, surrounded by OTHER SOLDIERS trying to administer help (as best they can).
69) 4) dialog: Couple hundred yards that way.       In a trench like this one.
69) 17) text: And there's no safe crossing for at least a day ahead. Charlie takes a swig from his well-worn FLASK.
69) 18) dialog: Then what are we waitin' for?
70) 4) dialog: How the hell'd she do that?
73) 0) text: -- the soldier falls onto the street -- where we FIND Steve, Sameer, Charlie, and The Chief following Diana's trail. They watch as ANOTHER SOLDIER is thrown out of a window, then they round a corner -- and find themselves pinned down by gunfire. The Chief hands Steve a grenade -- he tosses it, blowing up the nearby shooters. As they continue to fight their way into Veld --
75) 0) text: -- Diana lands on a nearby rooftop. Steve watches her run across it as he and the team head deeper into Veld, all in the same direction. Suddenly, Steve and the boys are pinned down from gunfire by a TANK. Charlie motions to a walkway between two buildings in front of the tank. The Chief throws a grenade -- Charlie shoots it, causing it to explode! The walkway falls, blocking the tank. Steve and the team make it to the center of the village to find a TANK surrounded by DOZENS OF SOLDIERS. Sammy throws more grenades, but it's not enough. The tank has them pinned down -- until -- Diana rushes the tank, BARRELING into its side like a bull -- the tank is thrown end-over-end across the town square! The soldiers react in shock.
75) 12) dialog: (stammers; lies)
76) 0) text: A PHOTOGRAPHER takes a DAGUERROTYPE of Diana, Steve, Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief standing in the village. FLASH. The photograph sees our team imbuing a sense of pride and accomplishment. Steve's face is turned towards Diana's, with a look of something more than admiration. Moments later, Diana walks with Sameer. They look back at Charlie, head hung low, shaken. Charlie fumbles with his flask, dropping it.
81) 15) text: I enjoyed it very much. Charlie brightens at a rare compliment from Diana.
81) 20) dialog: (pre-lap)
82) 1) dialog: (to the boys)
82) 6) dialog: You're all going daft.
82) 9) dialog: And only by killing him will the war end?
82) 11) dialog: (to Steve)
83) 3) dialog: (sarcastic)
83) 4) text: Thank you, Chief, for that ancient tribal wisdom, that's very helpful. The Chief gets off his horse, hands the reins to Sameer, then wanders off into the forest. Charlie looks through his scope:    several guards at the gate, but only one at the door.
83) 5) dialog: If you could get through the gate I only see one guard at the door to distract.
83) 20) text: I don't know, I'd say she was pretty under covered. Only Charlie laughs.
83) 34) dialog: We should scout the area. In case we need to beat a hasty retreat. What do you think, Diana? But when they look for her, Diana isn't there.
83) 35) dialog: Uh-oh.
88) 0) text: Sameer has regrouped with Chief and Charlie. Chief and Sameer look up at SMOKING TRAILS in the sky, left by the missiles, while Charlie peers through his SCOPE at the chГўteau.
88) 8) dialog: (through scope)
92) 0) text: The last wash of sunlight FADES as NIGHT takes over. Diana rides on horseback through the countryside at amazing speed -- driven, possessed by rage. She heads towards Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief -- who are all at a FIRE Chief has set, used to create the SMOKE SIGNALS. He points to the top of a hill. She rushes past them and up the hill! Cresting the hill, we see an AIRFIELD -- she heads down towards it. Steve isn't far behind her, racing past the team!
99) 0) text: Steve and the team regroup, taking cover behind a hangar, Charlie scanning the area with his scope.
99) 1) dialog: I can't see where they're taking the gas.
109) 0) text: Steve tries to pry open a panel on the plane, looking for a way to sabotage it somehow -- when a German soldier approaches Steve, suspicious. The German is about to yell when -- THUMP! Charlie lowers the butt of his rifle onto the German. Steve nods in appreciation then -- notices a CHILL as the wind starts to rise. Steve looks over, his face grows tense -- DR. MARU approaches the plane for inspection with MORE SOLDIERS. They retreat to the shadows!
113) 4) dialog: Hurry up!    They're onto us!
120) 1) dialog: What are we going to do?
122) 0) text: Charlie peers through is SCOPE at the plane...
122) 1) dialog: If we radio ahead? We can ask Air Corps to shoot her down.
122) 8) dialog: No, Steve!
124) 0) text: Steve sees Diana smashing across the airfield.    He rush to her side! The team watches as the truck moves the plane forward. Charlie aims his gun -- shooting straight into the engine! The truck SMOKES and HALTS, the plane stopped for a brief moment as -- Steve helps Diana up -- He starts to talk, but Diana's ears are RINGING.    She c see him, but not hear him.
125) 2) text: Charlie aims his gun -- shooting straight into the engine! The truck SMOKES and HALTS, the plane stopped for a brief moment as --
125) 8) dialog: Come on, this way! Steve! Steve looks at Charlie, who motions to the plane. Soldiers are firing at the team, others have unhooked the tow truck -- so the plane is moving forward again! He presses his WATCH into her hand. She looks at it, confused, then looks up to see him running away. One last look at Diana, lingering, his heart breaking -- then he races to the plane. Confused, Diana calls after him --
125) 11) dialog: But, Steve --
132) 0) text: Charlie, Sameer, and Chief enter the hangar. GUNSHOTS ring out as Dr. Maru desperately gathers her NOTES, trying to save her work! The team looks out across the lab, seeing DIFFERENT DRUMS OF CHEMICALS -- ready to be MIXED to create the gas. They start kicking over the drums, dismantling the lab, setting CHARGES --
137) 0) text: Charlie lights a trail of alcohol poured from his flask, leading to a STICK OF DYNAMITE. They run out --
138) 0) text: Outside the lab, Charlie covers Sameer and Chief while they throw GRENADES in and --
141) 0) text: Charlie fires and -- CLICK -- his face falls - he's out o ammo. They're all out. Trapped. They know it's over --
149) 6) text: Steve did that. Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief, cleaned and scrubbed and wearing suits, join Diana and Etta.
149) 7) dialog: (to Diana; excited)
149) 10) dialog: He only went and made us all spies! Oops. We're off to Petrograd! Oops.