1) 1) dialog: I used to want to save the world... The distant SOUND OF TRIBAL DRUMS as we DESCEND planet- ward. CIRCLING the globe, CLOSER as the DRUMS BUILD.
1) 2) dialog: This beautiful place. LOUDER DRUMS SOARING OVER oceans and continents.    CLOSE
1) 3) dialog: But the closer you get, the more you see the great darkness simmering within. Finally, we arrive in PARIS, FRANCE.
2) 0) text: The LOUVRE MUSEUM -- with its 16th-Century architecture and its I.M. Pei glass-and-metal PYRAMIDS -- a place where the past and the future meet. DIANA PRINCE (30), antiquities expert, strides towards the Louvre, passing ARMED MILITARY at guard and alert.
2) 1) dialog: And mankind?   That's another story altogether. A TRUCK pulls up, blocking our VIEW. ARMED SECURITY OFFICERS exit, unloading a CRATE from WAYNE ENTERPRISES addressed to DIANA PRINCE: CURATOR.
3) 0) text: Diana walks down a HALLWAY with Assyrian bas-relief sculptures showing the good, and the bad, of humanity throughout history. She takes this in.
3) 1) dialog: What one does faced with the truth, is more difficult than you think.
4) 0) text: The CRATE is delivered to Diana -- a wall-mounted COLLECTION OF ANCIENT WEAPONRY and GREEK ANTIQUITIES behind her. She eyes the WAYNE ENTERPRISES LOGO warily. Now alone at her desk, Diana opens the crate and looks inside, stunned. REVEAL THE ORIGINAL DAGUERREOTYPE of Diana from BvS -- She's in her WONDER WOMAN ARMOR, surrounded by a band of SOLDIERS -- her friends -- from long ago.
4) 1) dialog: I learned this the hard way. A long, long time ago. And now I will never be the same. She holds up the unsigned note accompanying the photo: "I found the original.   Maybe one day you'll tell me you story." She contemplates the faces of her friends long dead. Her eyes focus in on a man we'll soon know as STEVE TREVOR. She lingers on him, and then drifts to herself. Surrounded by HISTORY, Diana is overwhelmed by the memory of how this photo -- and Wonder Woman -- came to be --
5) 0) text: THE PAST. Flashes of AMAZONS as they train for COMBAT on VARIOUS PLATEAUS extending from the edge of the CLIFFS of Themyscira. The Amazons train with WEAPONS, CLASHING and TESTING one another to their limits. DOZENS of ARMORED FEMALE WARRIORS -- AMAZONS -- engage in a dazzling array of training exercises. Every Amazon is an ageless beauty, between 30 and 50. They spar with BO STAVES, KNIVES, SWORDS. Practice ARCHERY, SPEAR THROWING, and LASSO from HORSEBACK. It's breathtaking -- -- and YOUNG DIANA (8), Princess of Themyscira, watches it all from the edge of the field. Her eyes blaze with admiration.
6) 0) text: Diana dashes through the crowded   marketplace, hoping to lose Mnemosyne, but every Amazon   whose path she crosses greets her with a smile or "Good   morning, Princess!" "Hello, Diana!" We realize that    Diana is the ONLY CHIL in this world. Diana races past a MURAL in the public square of QUEEN HIPPOLYTA, Diana's mother, triumphantly leading the Amazons.
7) 0) text: Dangling, Diana's pulled up to see: QUEEN HIPPOLYTA, ethereally beautiful, holding Diana easily by one arm as if Diana weighed nothing. She sits HORSEBACK, the mounted QUEEN'S GUARD behind her. Diana twists uneasily, smiling up at her mother.
7) 4) text: How many times, Diana?
7) 11) text: All battles begin here -- (taps Diana's head)
7) 32) text: There will be no training. Hippolyta rides a crestfallen Diana away.   She looks bac at Antiope, who nods at Diana pointedly.
8) 0) text: Hippolyta attempts to tuck a wide-awake Diana (8) into bed.
9) 0) text: BACK TO Young Diana (8), her eyes WIDE.
10) 0) text: YOUNG DIANA (8) sneaks out of the palace, past her GUARDS. Pleased with herself, she runs off into the night!
11) 0) text: Antiope and Young Diana (8), now dressed for training, raise their BO STAFFS. Antiope strikes, gently at first, but not for long. Diana works hard to defend herself.
13) 0) text: Young Diana (8) mimics her mother in battle, thrusting her WOODEN SWORD as she runs.
15) 0) text: Antiope attacks! Young Diana (8) tries to keep up -- and to Antiope's surprise and satisfaction -- she does!
16) 0) text: Hippolyta and Young Diana (8) look across their island home. Hippolyta smiles, ending her story... But Diana looks out across the oceans, wondering if Ares is still out there...
17) 0) text: Hippolyta and Young Diana (8) ride their HORSES to the ARMORY, a heavily guarded keep at the top of Themyscira's hillside. The QUEEN'S GUARDS follow. Diana's eyes drift up at a HIGH TOWER with a single window.
18) 0) text: Young Diana (8) follows Hippolyta down a torch-lit tunnel and into the open-air center. One high window.
19) 0) text: SWORDS clash! Young Diana (now 12) continues to train with Antiope -- more skilled, stronger -- but not yet the warrior she will one day be. As Antiope pushes her --
19) 6) text: No, I'm not. Antiope swings, the swords clashing! Young Diana (12) loses her footing, falling to the ground --
19) 15) text: Take her to the palace. Crestfallen, Young Diana (12) is led away by Hippolyta's guards. She locks eyes with Antiope as she leaves.
20) 0) text: An AMAZON rolls across the ground with a BOW AND ARROW, rising up and letting an ARROW fly! It's DIANA! She's now fully grown, striking and formidable, with a sly smile -- the arrow HITS the target DEAD CENTER and she moves on --
20) 6) text: Get up, Diana. Diana glances at Antiope -- it was a dirty move -- but Antiope faces off against Diana!
20) 12) text: Or was I wrong to put such faith in you? Pushed to her limit, Diana brings both arms up -- then SLAMS her bracelets together! BOOSH!   A FIELD OF ENERGY EMANATES FROM DIANA'S CORE. We get the sense that this is just the beginning of her true POWER. Still, it's powerful enough to knock Antiope off her feet. Diana stumbles back... Diana, amazed and elated, realizes that something unbelievable has happened. A tiny GOLDEN SPARK in her eye quickly fades. Diana's ecstatic, scared and confused.   She looks to her mother: Did you see that? But Hippolyta is worried about the implications of Diana's power -- and Diana mistakes it for judgment.
20) 14) dialog: I'm sorry -- But Antiope holds up her hand --
21) 0) text: Diana races up a grassy embankment to a CLIFF overlooking the ocean. She looks down at her open palms, clenches them shut. What was that?   Then -- An UNFAMILIAR SOUND: a strange gnawing BUZZ.     Diana looks upward, quickly spotting -- A SHAPE on the horizon, moving closer. Something she has never seen before: A GERMAN WARPLANE, a Fokker, out of control, trailing SMOKE. Diana's sharp gaze catches sight of SOMEONE IN THE COCKPIT, struggling to escape. The PLANE dives down, crashing into the water! Without hesitation, Diana DIVES off the cliff, hurtling hundreds of feet through the air and into the sea.
22) 0) text: Diana surfaces with the Pilot, swimming effortlessly to shore, unaware that behind them a WWI GERMAN BATTLE-CRUISER and its THREE LANDING CRAFT head towards the island.
25) 0) text: German Soldier #1 REACHES OUT over the side and HIS HAND disappears in a BLINDING REFLECTION, like fractal SHARDS of LIGHT hitting a mirror. He briefly sees a flash of a beautiful island -- startled, he jolts back, the image vanishing into fog. He leans back out and there it is again! Beyond the protective RING of FOG and reefs -- AN ISLAND! And Diana swimming the Pilot toward the beach! Stunned, he leans inboard, once again enshrouded in a foggy, cold, gray day.
26) 0) text: Diana drags the Pilot onto the beach, his bag around his shoulder. She gently lays him on the sand and gets her first real look at the FIRST MAN SHE'S EVER SEEN. His mouth, lips, jaw, hair, stubble -- captivating. This is CAPTAIN STEVE TREVOR (30s), rugged, handsome. American fighter pilot undercover for the British. Steve wakes, squinting in the sun, surprised to discover Diana's not a hallucination. He takes in the strange surroundings, blown back by her breathtaking beauty.
26) 2) dialog: You are a... man?
26) 5) dialog: You are on Themyscira.
26) 7) dialog: Who are you? They're cut off by the ear-splitting SOUNDS OF SCRAPING METAL. Diana and Steve turn to see the GERMAN BATTLE-CRUISER running aground on the protective REEF around Themyscira.
26) 13) dialog: Germans?
26) 26) text: Stay here! A GLINT of a KNIFE in Steve's hand as he leaps on the soldier, dragging him down -- then quickly reappearing, SHOOTING a RIFLE. Diana grabs the SWORD and SHIELD of a fallen sister and joins the battle. She's quickly surrounded, but holds her own, fending off a SWARM of Germans.
26) 28) text: Omicron formation! Antiope's team organizes into a formation, working together but still overwhelmed until -- HIPPOLYTA arrives on the beach, joining the battle in spectacular fashion. She slashes through the Germans like no other Amazon, proving why she is QUEEN! Diana is in awe of her mother -- it's the first time she's witnessed her fight.
26) 35) dialog: Antiope! The noise, the battle, everything falls away as Diana races to Antiope's side.
26) 36) dialog: No!   Please no! Diana races to Antiope, dying, struggling to speak --
26) 39) dialog: (uncomprehending)
26) 40) text: Go where? Antiope! No! Hippolyta rushes to Diana, falling to her knees in front of Antiope's lifeless body.
26) 46) dialog: Mother, no! He fought at my side against the invaders.
27) 4) dialog: The Lasso of Hestia compels you to reveal the truth.
32) 7) dialog: War?   What war?
32) 11) text: ... like the world is going to end. Steve's head hangs low, Diana looks at him with sympathy and sadness.
32) 13) text: Take him to the infirmary. Diana tenses, clearly shaken by this.
33) 0) text: Diana follows Hippolyta and the cortege into the courtyard, trying to lend voice to their debate.
33) 6) dialog: (quiet)
33) 9) dialog: Excuse me, Mother. But after everything the man said... this must be Ares. They all stop and face Diana.
33) 11) dialog: Forgive me, Senator Acantha, but... the man called it a war without end. Millions of people already dead. Like nothing he's ever seen. Only Ares could do such a thing. We cannot simply let him go. (then)
33) 14) dialog: It is not their war. (repeating the history lesson)
33) 20) dialog: But Ares is behind that corruption. It is Ares who has these Germans fighting. And stopping the God of War is our foreordinance --
33) 22) dialog: Themyscira has seen death for the first time, Mother. Ares must not be allowed to threaten us again. We know only too well what happens if he finds us -- and he will. Never again shall we be enslaved. And now mankind must be freed. As Amazons this is our duty!
33) 25) dialog: (accusatory)
33) 29) text: Your Queen forbids it. Diana leaves, brimming with anger -- Hippolyta with conflict.
34) 0) text: EPIONE, a skilled healer, stitches up a wound on Diana's ARM. Diana doesn't flinch.
34) 5) dialog: Who told you that?
34) 7) text: What will the Queen do with him? Will she kill him? OFF Diana, wondering herself.
35) 0) text: Diana enters to find Steve stepping out of a TUB -- his back to her -- NAKED. She studies his body as he towels himself dry. Steve's shoulder has been BANDAGED, but his body is covered with CUTS, BRUISES, SCARS from other battles. Diana touches her own wound, sympathetic. Steve finally turns, startled to see her there.
35) 2) dialog: Would you say you're a typical example of your sex? Steve raises an eyebrow, slightly offended, but he doesn't cover himself.
35) 4) dialog: What is that? Steve is relieved to see she means his POCKET WATCH on top of his clothes.
35) 6) dialog: A watch.
35) 11) dialog: (listening to it tick)
35) 15) dialog: (that's ridiculous)
35) 19) dialog: Themyscira.
35) 21) dialog: We speak hundreds of languages. We are the bridge to a greater understanding between all men.
35) 27) dialog: Thank you for what you did on the beach.
35) 29) dialog: I'm sorry... It's not up to me. I tried. I even asked them to send me with you -- Steve's eyes brighten.    Diana backpedals in embarrassment.
35) 30) dialog: -- or anyone.    An Amazon.   The Amazons.
35) 32) dialog: It is our sacred duty to defend the world... and I wish to go. But my mother will not allow it. Which, from her tone, clearly disappoints Diana. Steve's surprised to find himself disappointed, too, though his better sense tells him not to be.
35) 35) dialog: Then why do you want to go back? Steve starts dressing.
36) 0) text: On this still, MOONLIT night, the armory stands monolithic amongst the other buildings of Themyscira. Diana surveys from an opposing hillside. The building's face an impenetrable mountainside, accessible by only one main entrance, completely blocked by SEVERAL GUARDS who stand watch -- and even if she could take them all on, Diana doesn't want to hurt them. Studying the building further, she focuses on the SINGLE WINDOW in the HIGH TOWER. Diana's face darkens with fixed focus. She looks down at her feet, back at the space -- calculating it all. She turns to the hillside behind her, spots a distant branch twisting from a tree. It looks relatively equidistant to the armory. She takes a step towards it, then another -- and another and Diana leaps into the air, locked on the branch -- but she lands far before reaching it! As Diana jogs to a stop, her frown fades:      I know tha can do this. Diana sets off in a dead sprint towards the cliffside -- she LEAPS over the abyss below. Her face calm as she SOARS through the night -- THE BUILDING BARRELS TOWARDS HER, her eyes widen. Thinking fast she GRASPS a SPUR and -- She SLAMS into the side, holding on. She revels in the moment briefly and then sobers: Now what? The window is at least 30 feet above her -- below, the abyss. The wind MOANS. Diana's GRIP TIGHTENS on the spur. Suddenly, the SPUR CRACKS!    Diana falls -- She scrambles against the wall, her hands grasping at the stone face. SHARDS FLYING around her, she realizes she's strong enough to make her own handholds -- SLAM!
37) 0) text: Diana FLIPS herself up onto a tiny ledge outside of the window. She moves in --
38) 0) text: In the moonlit darkness of the deserted armory, Diana moves towards the GODKILLER SWORD. She takes it from its SCABBARD, awed by its weight, its sheer power in her hands. She holds it tight. It feels right. As she leaves, she passes a suit of ancient armor and SNATCHES ITS SHIELD. Then the LASSO OF HESTIA disappears from its hook. Diana, now half-dressed in GREEK ARMOR, admires a glowing GOLDEN BELT-LIKE GIRDLE, then looks ahead to something that really catches her eye. BLURRY in our f.g., the silhouette of a woman's form GLOWS GOLD, RED, AND BLUE from its display. Diana's eyes widen with delight.
39) 0) text: Diana enters, waking Steve --
39) 2) dialog: (without irony)
40) 0) text: Diana and Steve on HORSEBACK emerge from the forest at the edge of a harbor. Diana and Steve turn to the front of a not-very-modern-looking (by 1918 standards) AMAZON SAILING VESSEL.
40) 3) dialog: We are.
40) 5) dialog: Do you not know how to sail?
40) 9) dialog: Then there's nothing to be afraid of. Steve hesitates.
40) 10) dialog: What? Steve nods at the valley behind them, where HIPPOLYTA and the QUEEN'S GUARD thunder in on their horses. Hippolyta raises her hand, ordering her GUARDS to halt. She approaches Diana ALONE. Diana takes a breath, reluctantly meeting her mother's eyes, dreading this.
40) 11) dialog: (defiant; strong)
40) 18) dialog: I understand enough. That I'm willing to fight for those who cannot fight for themselves. Like you once did...
40) 21) dialog: I will. She hands it to her daughter.
41) 0) text: Diana looks back towards the island, her whole world until now.
43) 0) text: A BREEZE moves through Diana's hair as she takes a breath, watching the island drift away, and in a SUDDEN FLICKER of fog -- it is gone. Bittersweet. She eyes Steve at the TILLER. He looks at his WATCH, still ticking, then pockets it.
43) 1) dialog: How long until we reach the war?
43) 3) dialog: Where the fighting is the most intense then. If you take me there, I am sure I will find who I'm looking for.
43) 5) dialog: Ares.
43) 10) dialog: The God of War is our responsibility. Only an Amazon can defeat him. With this. Diana points the SWORD at Steve, he holds his hands up.
43) 11) dialog: And once I do, the war will end. Steve gently pushes the sword away from him. He would normally refute this outright, but after all he's seen today, he's turned upside down --
43) 13) dialog: You're looking at the person who can. And after I find and destroy Ares, the German armies will be freed from his influence -- and they will be good men again.
43) 17) dialog: The world of men? I know all there is to know about them -- from the great books. Steve can't tell whether she's joking or not.
43) 19) dialog: I was raised on the island.
43) 25) dialog: My mother sculpted me from clay. I was brought to life by Zeus.
43) 27) dialog: You refer to reproductive biology.
43) 29) dialog: Ah.    The pleasures of the flesh. Steve gets closer.
43) 32) dialog: Of course. I've read all twelve volumes of Clio's Treatises on Bodily Pleasure.
43) 34) text: You bring any of them with you? Steve moves closer to Diana.   She grins --
43) 35) dialog: You would not enjoy them. They came to the conclusion that men are essential for procreation, but when it comes to pleasure... unnecessary. Steve gives Diana a look that seems to suggest he'd challenge that. Diana takes that look in for a split second, then turns away, self-conscious. Steve does the same. And they sail on...
47) 0) text: Diana wakes to find an enormous STEAM SHIP, its HORN BLARING, towing their boat into the harbor. She blinks, never having seen anything like it.
47) 2) text: We got lucky, caught a ride.    Made good time. Over Steve's shoulder, Diana gets her first eye-popping view of industrialized LONDON (circa 1918).
47) 4) dialog: It's hideous.
48) 0) text: Diana, eyes-wide, takes in the COBBLESTONE STREETS. OVER-DRESSED PEOPLE, a HORSE-DRAWN CARRIAGE, NEWSSTANDS shout out headlines of WAR and VOTES FOR WOMEN. These are all FIRSTS for Diana, and she seems fascinated by them -- to her this is the world of good men. She looks through various STORE WINDOWS with wonder. She moves past a BAKERY, breathing in the wonderful smell. A HORSELESS CARRIAGE HONKS, Diana watching it drive by, moving out of its way -- but with a smile.
48) 5) dialog: Why are they holding hands?
48) 8) dialog: Because this is the way to the war?
48) 11) dialog: Then where are we going?
48) 14) dialog: I let you go, you take me to Ares. We made a deal, Steve Trevor. A deal is a promise. A promise is unbreakable.
48) 24) dialog: What are you doing?
48) 27) dialog: Why?
48) 29) dialog: What do these women wear into battle?
48) 31) text: Well, women don't exactly -- Diana's eyes snap to a YOUNG MOTHER holding a BABY.
48) 32) dialog: A baby. The mother looks at Diana quite oddly. Steve takes Diana gently by the arm, nods to the mother, and keeps moving.
48) 35) text: It's true! You're alive! 51   EXT. SELFRIDGE &amp; CO. - DAY ETTA CANDY, Steve's loyal, cheeky, secretary spies Steve and Diana walking towards her.
48) 40) text: He was gone for weeks! Not a word. Very unlike him. Etta extends a hand to Diana.    Diana just looks at it.
48) 42) dialog: What is a secretary?
48) 44) dialog: (glaring at Steve)
48) 47) text: Ooh, I like this one. (to Diana)
48) 48) text: It does rather feel like that sometimes. But the pay's good and he's almost never here. Eyes Diana's clothing.
48) 50) dialog: Is this what passes for armor in your country?
48) 55) dialog: Why must you keep them in?
48) 60) dialog: How can a woman possibly fight in this?
48) 67) dialog: So itchy.   And it's choking me.
48) 72) dialog: Why is everyone staring? Is it because I can barely breathe in this? Diana shifts uncomfortably, self-conscious, and disliking the restrictions. Steve, catching himself staring, snaps out of it.
48) 77) text: Etta, the whole point was to make her less conspicuous. Steve looks around the store, grabs a pair of GLASSES. He gently puts the glasses on Diana's face. Looks satisfied.
48) 79) dialog: Thank you. Etta follows Diana and Steve out with the SHOPPING BAGS. Diana tucks the LASSO into the inside of her coat --
48) 83) text: I don't think we're going to run into Ares at the meeting. Diana reluctantly lets Etta take the sword along with the SHOPPING BAGS, presumably carrying her armor.
48) 87) dialog: (earnest)
49) 0) text: Diana and Steve walk down the street, the SUITED MAN from earlier follows them. He's suddenly distracted by the reappearance of the Suited Man from earlier, who confers with A SECOND SUITED MAN (SM #2).
49) 2) dialog: What is it?
50) 0) text: SM #3 backs Steve and Diana into an ALLEYWAY where TWO MORE men wait. Now all FIVE of the SUITED MEN gather, THREE of them have their GUNS out on Diana and Steve.
50) 17) dialog: I am sorry. You are clearly under his control. Let me help you get free. Tell me where he is... Where will I find Ares? But the suited man pops a CYANIDE pill between his teeth before she can get an answer.
50) 18) dialog: He's dead. Diana looks at Steve and Etta, horrified.
51) 0) text: Diana follows Steve into an ASSEMBLY HALL, where an unruly group of men, MILITARY LEADERS and MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT, shout down SIR PATRICK MORGAN (40s), kindly faced, a CANE at his side. Diana gazes across the hall like a tourist.
51) 10) text: Phillip! Phil! Darnell turns, amazed to see Steve there -- alive! Steve nods toward the door, then realizes the room has gone silent. Every eye in the hall is fixed on Diana, the only woman in a room that doesn't allow women. Diana, oblivious, looks up at Sir Patrick.
51) 12) text: Our only aim at this moment -- must be to achieve peace at any cost. The crowd GRUMBLES again, about a woman's presence there as much as Sir Patrick's rhetoric. Steve takes Diana's arm and leads her out of the auditorium, Darnell follows.
51) 14) dialog: Why will they not let him speak? He's talking peace.
51) 16) dialog: But if they want to stop the war, isn't that foolish? (beat)
52) 0) text: An agitated and embarrassed Colonel Darnell makes his way to Steve and Diana, glancing at others watching him. Colonel Darnell makes his way to Steve and Diana.
52) 15) text: Sir Patrick Morgan, at your service. Diana bows her head in return.
52) 16) dialog: Diana, Princess of --
52) 18) text: Prince, Diana Prince. We... she and I... we work together. She helped me get this notebook here. From Maru's lab -- Steve presents the notebook. Sir Patrick takes it, understanding the implications immediately.
52) 20) text: I suggest we assemble the war cabinet so they can tell us more. Darnell hesitates, then nods.    Steve and Diana grateful for the assist --
54) 0) text: Steve, Darnell,   Sir Patrick, GENERAL DOUGLAS HAIG, and the BRITISH WAR   CABINET crowd in a room, walls full of MAPS and PHOTOS   of LUDENDORFF and DR. MARU (before her metal implants)   and the notebook. A TERRAIN MAP in the center. Diana stands near the door watching, LISTENING.   She walks to the wall of PHOTOGRAPHS.
54) 2) dialog: Ottoman and Sumerian. Everyone turns to look at her.
54) 3) dialog: (sincere)
54) 17) dialog: (nods at Darnell)
54) 20) dialog: Mustard gas. Hydrogen-based, instead of sulfur. They react gravely to this...
54) 22) dialog: The book says they plan to release this gas at... the front... (unsure what it means)
54) 44) dialog: I don't.
54) 46) text: Diana. I know it's confusing --
54) 47) dialog: It's not confusing.      It's unthinkable.
54) 50) dialog: (appalled)
54) 53) text: My apologies, sir. Diana gapes at him, sickened, betrayed.
54) 54) dialog: You should be ashamed! (to the room)
54) 55) text: All of you. Diana storms out.    Steve and Sir Patrick exchange a loo
55) 0) text: Diana leaves the War Office in a rage.      Steve follows
55) 5) dialog: That's your leader? How could he say that? Believe that? (points at Steve)
55) 8) dialog: This is Ares and he isn't going to allow a negotiation or a surrender. The millions of people you talked about? They will die. My people? They're next!
55) 12) dialog: What?   You mean you were lying?
55) 14) dialog: How do I know you're not lying to me right now? Steve grabs hold of Diana's lasso, wraps it around his wrist and looks right into her eyes.
55) 17) text: And we're probably going to die. Steve's surprised that last part came out.    Diana's skeptical.
55) 18) dialog: You have no faith in yourself.
56) 0) text: Steve and Diana move towards a shady PUB.    Diana squint doesn't like the look of this place.
57) 0) text: Diana follows Steve into the seedy, dimly-lit pub. She gets a look at its rough `n tumble clientele and frowns.
57) 1) dialog: These are the reinforcements?     Are these even good men?
57) 3) dialog: Relative to what? Steve and Diana move behind a GROUP of OFFICERS, out slumming. One of them, SAMEER (30s) dashing, exotic, has been holding court.
57) 12) text: You bugger. I been greasing those peacocks all night... (sees Diana)
57) 16) dialog: Sammy.    Please. YELLING O.S., TWO MEN are having an argument that threatens to boil over. They tune it out as:
57) 18) dialog: [He doesn't look that impressive to me?]
57) 20) dialog: [And your eyes look like they want something.]
57) 25) dialog: [But can you recite Socrates in Ancient Greek?] Sammy blinks.    He has no idea what she's saying.   Dian unimpressed.
57) 27) dialog: At least this Charlie is good with his fists.
58) 0) text: Diana, Steve, and Sameer sit with bruised Charlie, Scottish and deeply drunk. A WHISKEY GLASS in each fist.
58) 3) dialog: What were you fighting about?
58) 8) dialog: This man is no fighter.
58) 14) dialog: How do you know who you kill if you can't see their face?
58) 16) dialog: My aunt warned me about men like you.
58) 18) dialog: You fight without honor. Deep down, Charlie already knows that.
58) 29) text: [And perhaps a picture of your lovely face. Something to keep me alive.] Diana hides her disdain as best she can.
58) 30) dialog: [You won't need a picture.   I'm coming with you.] Sammy's smile fades.
58) 37) text: These are mine. Charlie's knocked to the ground! He doesn't see Diana move fearlessly, grabbing the BRUISER -- as if he weighed nothing -- and tosses him across the room! The Bruiser smashes into the wall, crumpling to the floor. His friends make a quick exit. Sameer is smitten, helping Charlie up.
58) 46) dialog: Sir Patrick!
58) 52) text: As one of your American authors, Thomas Paine, so eloquently put it, `I prefer peace. But if trouble must come let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.' Diana nods, liking the sentiment.
58) 64) dialog: The gas, Ludendorff, Maru... You realize they are all symptoms. Ares is the disease. And once I find him, none of this will matter. Steve looks at her, no time to argue.
58) 66) dialog: You won't need to. I'll know him when I see him.
59) 0) text: Diana takes herself into the throng, OBSERVING all the DIFFERENT KINDS OF PEOPLE hustling and bustling in the station.
59) 6) dialog: It's cold.
59) 8) dialog: It's wonderful. (to the ice cream vendor)
61) 0) text: The train sits at the top of Dover Docks. Its STEAM engulfs HUNDREDS OF ALLIED SOLDIERS disembarking, among them, Diana, Steve, Sameer, and Charlie. The new recruits are jubilant, singing "It's A Long Way To Tipperary" as they walk toward the waiting STEAMSHIP. Steve checks his watch again --
61) 2) dialog: Chief?
61) 4) dialog: A liar, a murderer, and now a smuggler?
61) 6) dialog: I wasn't referring to you.
61) 8) text: You still coming? Diana's confusion only grows as Steve LEADS a reluctant Diana and the group away from the soldiers, down a different path.
62) 0) text: Diana looks around warily as she walks off the boat. She follows the team across the docks where workers load and unload HORSES, some of the animals wear GAS MASKS. Diana registers the bizarre sight.
62) 1) dialog: The gas will kill everyone... everything. Steve nods.
62) 2) dialog: What kind of weapon kills innocents?
63) 0) text: The sky grows DARK as the sun sets, Diana and the team walk up to a CAMPFIRE.
63) 11) dialog: I am Diana. Chief does not let go, still looking intensely in Diana's eyes. She grips tighter. Surprised, he steps back with one foot. To stay on balance, she does so with the opposite. Suddenly, Chief and Diana are arm wrestling, each trying to throw the other off balance. Then Chief laughs, letting go, conceding lest he find himself flat on his face.
63) 14) dialog: I plucked him from the sea --
63) 16) text: It's a long story. Diana looks at a pile of packages behind Chief, along with some GUNS --
64) 0) text: Charlie FAST ASLEEP -- along with Steve and Sameer, around the fire. Chief is heating cans of food. Diana turns to RUMBLING in the distance.
64) 1) dialog: Strange thunder.
64) 9) text: That's the front out there. The evening hate. Chief hands her a can of beans. She tries it, frowns. Not all the food here is good. Chief counts his money. Diana eyes him warily --
64) 10) dialog: So... who do you fight for in this war? Chief stuffs the money in his pocket.
64) 12) dialog: You're here for profit then?
64) 14) dialog: Nowhere better to be than a war you don't take a side in?
64) 16) dialog: Who took that from your people? Chief cocks his head to the side.      How could she not know?
64) 18) text: His people. Before Diana can ask more about that, Charlie suddenly starts to murmur, suffering through some kind of terrible nightmare. Diana watches until -- Charlie CRIES OUT, waking himself and Steve and Sameer. Diana reaches out to Charlie, compassionately --
64) 22) dialog: You're safe. (trying to help)
64) 23) text: What did you see? Gruff, Charlie pulls away from Diana --
64) 25) text: Bloody broad. Charlie gets up and grabs another BEER.    Chief looks at Diana.
64) 28) dialog: No, I'm -- She's not cold, but Steve places the blanket on her shoulders anyway. The gesture isn't lost on Diana.    She nods, appreciative.
67) 0) text: DIANA, CHARLIE, SAMMY, and THE CHIEF follow STEVE down a MUDDY ROAD in the woods, the SOUNDS OF BOMBS in the b.g. Diana takes in the bleakness of the world. A cluster of villagers runs past. Fleeing from something. A BABY cries in its mother's arms. Diana stares -- hears SCREAMS ahead. IN A DITCH on the side of the road, TWO HORSES pulling a CART OF MUNITIONS (that has tipped) are stuck in the MUD. A SOLDIER whips the horses, trying to get them out.
67) 1) dialog: Those animals.     Why are they hurting them?
67) 3) dialog: But I can help them!
67) 9) dialog: That man... He's injured.
69) 0) text: -- the ALLIED TRENCH at the BELGIAN FRONT. The team moves into the muddy trench, occupied by TOMMIES -- BRITISH SOLDIERS. Diana and the others get to their feet, bullets and shells whistling and EXPLODING overhead.
69) 1) dialog: Where are we?
69) 3) dialog: But where are Ares' men -- the Germans? Charlie motions past the shelling and flying bullets.
69) 12) dialog: [Where did this happen?] Marie points:   beyond the trench.
69) 13) dialog: (to Steve)
69) 22) dialog: But these people are dying, they've nothing to eat. And in the village... Enslaved, she said. Women. Children.
69) 24) dialog: How can you say that?   What is the matter with you?
69) 26) dialog: So we do nothing?
69) 30) dialog: No, but it's what I'm going to do. Diana moves past the team, stepping over the top of the trench --
70) 0) text: -- onto the BATTLEFIELD. DIANA stands in her WONDER WOMAN ARMOR with THE GODKILLER SWORD in her hand, THE SHIELD on her back, and THE LASSO SHINING at her side. She surveys the battlefield.   It's quiet.    Empty.   Sh takes a step forward...
70) 22) dialog: We're not finished yet. While the allies clear the trench, Diana takes off through the rain and the mud toward the village! The team heads after her!
71) 0) text: Diana and the team reach the village, taking cover as they're fired upon. Diana looks to Steve --
71) 1) dialog: Stay here.   I'll go ahead. Before anyone can argue, she races towards the gunfire. Diana, sword at her side, shield on her back -- runs, avoiding gunfire and grenades! Steve leads the team, covering for them as they follow Diana. Steve fires --
72) 0) text: Diana lands in the middle of a group of ARMED GERMAN SOLDIERS. She goes into action, kicking a TABLE -- smashing it into two soldiers!
73) 0) text: -- the soldier falls onto the street -- where we FIND Steve, Sameer, Charlie, and The Chief following Diana's trail. They watch as ANOTHER SOLDIER is thrown out of a window, then they round a corner -- and find themselves pinned down by gunfire. The Chief hands Steve a grenade -- he tosses it, blowing up the nearby shooters. As they continue to fight their way into Veld --
74) 0) text: Diana continues to fight her way through the building, breaking through a DOOR -- taking on more German soldiers inside! Diana rushes one, colliding into him -- using him as a shield as she crashes out of a LARGE GLASS WINDOW --
75) 0) text: -- Diana lands on a nearby rooftop. Steve watches her run across it as he and the team head deeper into Veld, all in the same direction. Suddenly, Steve and the boys are pinned down from gunfire by a TANK. Charlie motions to a walkway between two buildings in front of the tank. The Chief throws a grenade -- Charlie shoots it, causing it to explode! The walkway falls, blocking the tank. Steve and the team make it to the center of the village to find a TANK surrounded by DOZENS OF SOLDIERS. Sammy throws more grenades, but it's not enough. The tank has them pinned down -- until -- Diana rushes the tank, BARRELING into its side like a bull -- the tank is thrown end-over-end across the town square! The soldiers react in shock.
75) 5) text: Diana tosses the German soldiers around like rag dolls. A German has Steve in his sights until -- Diana races in, breaking the German's gun and sending him to the ground. She takes out several soldiers around Steve. Diana continues to block bullets while Steve fires -- they work side-by-side, until -- BANG! The German in the bell tower starts firing down at them. The team scatters, trying to help the villagers. Steve motions up --
75) 14) dialog: Is there a way inside?! Steve looks at Diana, an idea forming.
75) 16) dialog: It's too high. He taps her shield.   Diana looks at him, remembering Antiope's jump. Steve holds the shield PARALLEL TO THE GROUND. Diana runs toward Steve, JUMPS UP ONTO THE SHIELD -- and she launches herself high into the air! The sniper looks through his scope --
75) 17) text: Diana leaping up AT him, gritting her teeth, angry --
76) 0) text: A PHOTOGRAPHER takes a DAGUERROTYPE of Diana, Steve, Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief standing in the village. FLASH. The photograph sees our team imbuing a sense of pride and accomplishment. Steve's face is turned towards Diana's, with a look of something more than admiration. Moments later, Diana walks with Sameer. They look back at Charlie, head hung low, shaken. Charlie fumbles with his flask, dropping it.
76) 1) dialog: For all his talk of murdering people from afar, your shooter can't shoot.
76) 3) dialog: (to Steve)
76) 6) text: Everyone's fighting their own battles, Diana. Just as you are fighting yours. Diana studies Chief with new eyes, touched by the man's generosity. Her previous opinion of these men continues to come into question.
77) 0) text: Diana comes in to find Steve behind the front desk of the inn, on the TELEPHONE.
78) 12) dialog: (to Steve)
78) 13) text: You shouldn't be worried about upsetting the peace accord. Ares would never let that happen... Steve motions her to please stop talking about "Ares." Then Diana, a terrible realization.
78) 15) dialog: Of course... It makes complete sense. Ares developed a weapon, the worst ever devised.
78) 17) dialog: No. I mean Ares. Ludendorff is Ares. Steve's not sure what to believe at this point.
79) 0) text: The tables are crowded with VILLAGERS and all the food the Germans left behind. Beer flows. Tea lights twinkle. A FEMALE PIANIST plays, singing as couples dance. The atmosphere is warm and jovial. Diana and Steve stand at the edge of the crowd, unable to put the urgency of their mission aside and join in. Sameer approaches them with two tankards of ale.   Steve waves them off.
79) 3) dialog: It's bitter.
79) 5) text: It's an acquired taste. Diana smiles and nods, the world of men is an acquired taste.
79) 11) dialog: We did.
79) 13) dialog: Dance on Themyscira is more --
79) 15) dialog: Precisely. (then)
79) 16) text: Perhaps you'd better show me. Diana puts the flower behind her ear then moves out on to the dance floor.
79) 18) dialog: If I'm going to a gala, I'll need to know how to --
79) 20) dialog: Of course, I am. Why wouldn't I?
79) 22) dialog: (re: the other dancers)
79) 27) dialog: You're awfully close. Their faces are very near to one another's, neither makes a move to pull away.
79) 29) dialog: Ah.    I see. Diana moves a bit closer to Steve, smiles. The music changes as a NEW PIANIST begins a beautiful melody, breaking into song with an incredible TENOR VOICE. Diana and Steve look towards the piano and see that it is CHARLIE WHO IS PLAYING AND SINGING. Diana can't help but be surprised once again by these men. Sameer and The Chief join the people crowding around Charlie, smiling, laughing, grateful. As the emotional song continues, they sway for a beat, holding each other and then a SINGLE SNOWFLAKE falls. Diana looks up as more and more white ice falls from the sky, sprinkling her hair. She holds out a palm, CATCHING A FLAKE and sniffing it.
79) 31) dialog: It's magical. Steve takes it in, seeing beauty where she does.
79) 33) dialog: Is this what people do when there are no wars to fight?
79) 35) dialog: What things?
79) 40) dialog: What else?
79) 43) dialog: What is it like?
79) 45) dialog: Maybe... once I defeat Ares and war ends forever... there will be time to learn about... all kinds of things. The way Diana says it -- that look in her eyes -- for the very first time in the film Steve finds himself believing her story -- desperately wanting to believe it.
80) 0) text: Steve lays Diana gently down on the bed, brushing her hair from her neck and KISSING IT. Diana's eyes are wide and shocked by the ELECTRICITY of those LIPS ON HER SKIN. She looks up at him, runs her hands through his hair and pulls him to her, mouth-to-mouth, the most perfect, passionate FIRST KISS ever. ... Steve's TICKING WATCH on the nearby nightstand.
81) 0) text: The morning sun looks brighter to Diana than normal. She smiles, turns to see the team, Steve dressed in a GERMAN UNIFORM. They're rounded up with HORSES.
81) 7) dialog: You are. Everyone looks at Diana. The way she says it, Sameer and Chief believe it -- and it feels good. Sameer smiles at Charlie -- who forces a smile back, struggling to agree.
81) 14) dialog: If you're coming, Charlie, perhaps you'll sing more for us. (then; the truth)
81) 15) text: I enjoyed it very much. Charlie brightens at a rare compliment from Diana.
82) 0) text: Diana leads the men on HORSEBACK. They trail behind. Diana turns, smiles, unaware Steve's just told them all about her.
83) 0) text: Through the trees, still on HORSEBACK, Diana and the team see the WELL-GUARDED fortress that is German High Command. Steve uses FIELD GLASSES to survey the scene. Chauffeured LIMOUSINES go through a HEAVILY-GUARDED CHECKPOINT at the gate, behind it, a long line of cars delivering well-dressed GUESTS to the ENTRANCE of the chГўteau, a SINGLE SENTRY stationed there.
83) 7) dialog: I could get in.
83) 9) dialog: Dangerous?
83) 17) dialog: I can be stealthy.
83) 23) dialog: But as long as he's still alive --
83) 30) text: Diana. Please, stay put.
85) 0) text: Diana, her cloak concealing her armor, watches from the shadows as Steve disappears inside. Frustrated, she searches the exterior of the chГўteau for another way in, but she's distracted by the insistent HONKING of a CAR HORN behind her. Diana turns to find a stunning, exquisitely dressed woman, FAUSTA GRABLES (30) in an extraordinary gown, leaning over her driver and honking the car's horn in a futile attempt to get the traffic moving again.
85) 6) text: What are you supposed to be?!    Ha! Out of my way. But when Diana doesn't get out of her way -- and instead sidles up to Fausta to see if they're the same height...
85) 8) text: Guards -- ?! Which is when Diana delivers a quick, judo-like CHOP to Fausta's neck -- where it meets her lovely shoulder -- causing Fausta to collapse and lose consciousness. Off Diana, catches Fausta as she falls... For the first time in her life, Diana enjoys her own roguishness. Like one of the boys.
85) 9) dialog: (realizing)
86) 30) dialog: (eyes narrow)
86) 33) dialog: Victory?   When I hear peace is so close?
86) 35) dialog: Thucydides.
86) 40) dialog: Only one of the many gods believed in that... and he was wrong. She desperately wants to reach for her sword, but he's still holding her.
86) 47) text: Enjoy the fireworks. Just as he turns his back on Diana, she reaches for her SWORD. She's about to draw it when -- Steve gets between them, facing her! He pulls Diana away from Ludendorff, taking her hand -- dancing with her as cover.
86) 48) dialog: What are you doing? The dancing is anything but what it was in last time.
86) 50) dialog: You agree to do things all the time then don't do them. Let me go --
86) 52) dialog: It won't matter --
86) 54) dialog: (realizes)
86) 57) dialog: What I do isn't up to you.
87) 0) text: Diana exits, looks around, spotting Ludendorff, Maru, and the soldiers entering one of the chГўteau's TOWER HOUSES, which is quickly secured behind him.
87) 3) dialog: The village. Diana runs off towards the village while the audience at the chГўteau behind her bursts into APPLAUSE and CHEERS.
89) 0) text: Racing through the woods in the distance, Diana now in her armor on horseback -- her torn off dress discarded, floating behind her. She arrives at the outskirts of the village, which is now entirely engulfed in a THICK, COLORED CLOUD OF GAS. She dismounts, enveloped by the gas. She can't see anything in front of her, but knows immediately that all the villagers have perished. She has trouble breathing, her EYES RED AND STINGING. BLISTERS on her skin.
89) 1) dialog: No.   Oh, no, no, no. Tears fill her eyes.
89) 3) dialog: They're dead. They're all dead. (a horrific betrayal)
89) 9) dialog: You stopped me from killing Ares when I had the chance. You murderer! You killed these people!
89) 12) dialog: 
89) 14) dialog: Everything you've said to me is a lie. (fury growing)
89) 16) dialog: (determined; dark)
90) 0) text: Along the road, Diana comes upon a GERMAN SECURITY POST: THREE GERMAN SENTRIES but she refuses to stop. She KNOCKS the Germans aside like bowling pins.
92) 0) text: The last wash of sunlight FADES as NIGHT takes over. Diana rides on horseback through the countryside at amazing speed -- driven, possessed by rage. She heads towards Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief -- who are all at a FIRE Chief has set, used to create the SMOKE SIGNALS. He points to the top of a hill. She rushes past them and up the hill! Cresting the hill, we see an AIRFIELD -- she heads down towards it. Steve isn't far behind her, racing past the team!
93) 0) text: As Diana storms towards the airfield, her eyes land on the CONTROL TOWER, where she sees -- LUDENDORFF on the balcony, looking out over the airfield, a hive of activity. She charges the tower, flipping off her horse and over a BARBED WIRE FENCE -- she takes out more Germans -- slashes through a SECOND BARBED WIRE FENCE -- fights to the tower and -- Diana lassos a soldier on the balcony, yanking him down then leaping up to the tower herself!
94) 0) text: Ludendorff turns as Diana arrives, wielding the GODKILLER. He smirks, scoffing --
94) 7) dialog: You know why I'm here. I am Diana of Themyscira, daughter of Hippolyta. Ludendorff turns away from Diana, cracking open a BLUE CAPSULE. He inhales -- it's painful but powerful, veins bulging.
95) 0) text: Diana sees Ludendorff's veins bulging, almost supernatural -- her eyes widen with confirmation. Diana moves quickly, thrusting the Godkiller at him. He dodges it. She strikes him in the face with her fist. They trade blows. He grabs a BAYONETTED RIFLE mounted on the wall. Ludendorff uses the rifle as A GUN, A SPEAR, and A SWORD. He HITS Diana again and again -- but Diana strikes back with such FORCE that he flies backwards through the WINDOW and onto the narrow walkway outside. Ludendorff struggles to his feet --
96) 0) text: Diana CHARGES AGAIN. Ludendorff manages to escape being gored by CLIMBING UP TO THE TOWER ROOF. Ludendorff stands, holding his bayonet, as Diana LEAPS up on the roof to join him -- and the BATTLE RAGES on, SWORD AGAINST BAYONET, both so close to plummeting to the ground with every volley. But then Ludendorff lands a BLOW that sends Diana and his bayonet sliding over the roof's edge. She manages to grip the ledge but loses the Godkiller.
96) 7) dialog: We'll see about that. Ludendorff STRIKES AGAIN AND AGAIN until Diana grabs the blade with her BARE HANDS. It cuts deep, drawing blood, she CRIES OUT in pain. Summoning impossible strength, she grips the blade and SHOVES it back with such force that Ludendorff loosens his grip. For the first time we see that he is afraid. Diana stands over Ludendorff, raising the GODKILLER.
96) 8) dialog: I, daughter of Hippolyta, came here to complete the mission of the Amazons by taking your life, and ridding mankind and my people of you -- forever! Diana PLUNGES THE GODKILLER INTO LUDENDORFF'S BODY. His body crumbles to the ground, the blue in his veins fading away like a light going out!
96) 15) dialog: I killed him. I killed Ares but nothing stopped. You kill the God of War, you stop the war. Steve registers her confusion, but follows her gaze to the growing threat below. No time to explain --
96) 17) dialog: No! Steve. All of this should have stopped. The fighting. It should have stopped. So why are they doing this?! Steve sees the crisis on her face, forcing himself to slow down and tune into it -- sad knowing the reality Diana's about to face. His heart breaks for her.
96) 19) dialog: You knew what?!
96) 21) dialog: But Ares is dead. They don't have to do this anymore. So why would they?!
96) 26) dialog: No... It can't be... Everything I saw? They were killing each other. Killing people they can't even see... Killing children. Like it was nothing... It had to be him!! It can't be them!
96) 28) dialog: My mother was right. She said `the world of men don't deserve you.' (beat)
96) 31) text: And if you believe this war should stop, Diana, if you want to stop it, then help me stop it. Now. Diana still isn't there.
96) 38) text: Don't give up on them.   Don't give up on me. Diana doesn't respond.   She isn't there yet.
96) 40) text: I have to. It kills Steve to release her hand, but he has no choice. He has to. He does and can only look back, hoping she'll follow. Diana's left alone, everything she ever believed in destroyed. She watches as Steve runs off --
97) 2) text: Where's Diana?
98) 0) text: Diana takes in a breath, SMELLS the CHEMICALS in the air, HEARS the sounds across the AIRFIELD -- she has become hyper aware of the harshness of the world around her. Diana turns, seeing a FIGURE THROUGH the windows looking at Ludendorff's plans. For a brief moment, she thinks it's Steve.
98) 1) dialog: Steve? The figure pauses, then looks over at Diana.    Diana wonders: Who is it?
98) 5) dialog: Who's there? (beat)
98) 8) dialog: Sir Patrick? Sir Patrick is there, like a dream -- or a nightmare -- calmly gazing over at Diana THROUGH the glass.
98) 10) text: They only deserve destruction. Diana freezes.
98) 11) dialog: You're him.
98) 14) text: ... all of this -- I did none of it. Alarmed, Diana reaches for her sword -- but her hand grasps at nothing -- she quickly realizes it's still in Ludendorff! Diana leaps OUT OF FRAME to retrieve it!
100) 0) text: Diana leaps down from above, the GODKILLER back in her hands -- she circles the tower like a tiger, looking THROUGH the glass -- but Sir Patrick remains very calm.
100) 2) dialog: (to herself)
100) 3) text: I am Diana of Themyscira, daughter of Hippolyta... and I am here to complete her mission -- Diana cocks back her sword for battle when Sir Patrick disappears again -- reappearing behind her. She spins and plunges the GODKILLER into him -- Sir Patrick simply holds up his hand and the sword DISINTEGRATES INTO A CLOUD OF DUST, right down to the hilt! Diana can't believe it --
100) 7) dialog: The Godkiller...
100) 10) dialog: 
100) 13) dialog: You lie! Diana throws her LASSO around Sir Patrick, who doesn't try and avoid it. On contact with Sir Patrick, the lasso glows BRIGHTER than previously seen --
100) 14) dialog: I compel you to tell me the truth! Sir Patrick calmly looks into her eyes, the lasso's GOLDEN ENERGY courses between them.
103) 0) text: The lasso is still tight around Sir Patrick, crackling. Diana holds it, still unsure what to think --
103) 2) text: As Sir Patrick runs his finger along the lasso, a SURGE of energy runs from his hands and down towards Diana -- into her, causing her to see FLASHES OF THE PAST. Each is like a pulse that fades and returns us to the scene at hand.
107) 0) text: The FLASHBACKS FADE and we RETURN TO Diana's stunned face.
107) 4) text: Diana's eyes narrow, trying to understand.    Sir Patrick hands begin to FLICKER with FIRE --
107) 11) text: Diana looks around her.
107) 15) dialog: taking it in. Sir Patrick smiles, pleased. But Diana resists.
107) 16) dialog: (struggling) No... No, I'd never be a part of that.
108) 0) text: The VISION around Diana VANISHES, they are "back" in the control tower.
114) 0) text: Diana lands on the ground, rolling across it.
116) 0) text: Diana pushes herself up off the ground, gazing over at Sir Patrick, who simply floats down -- burning debris all around them. Getting to her feet, Diana runs towards Sir Patrick.
118) 0) text: Diana throws her lasso at Sir Patrick, but he holds his hands up and blasts it back!
118) 2) text: Diana lassos a GIRDER, swinging it back at Sir Patrick -- but he hovers above it! The debris smashes into a gas tank, exploding!
119) 0) text: Fighting through the growing storm, Diana races towards Sir Patrick -- he raises his hands like a conductor, ripping chunks of the tarmac up! Diana avoids one -- smashes through another -- then leaps in the air as a MASSIVE CHUNK OF THE EARTH rises -- Diana leaps into the air, towards Sir Patrick --
120) 0) text: Hidden behind the crates, Steve and the team remove their masks and see Diana and Sir Patrick battling! Steve reacts to Sir Patrick levitating!
121) 0) text: Diana leaps at Sir Patrick, but she blasts her back under the hovering CHUNK OF EARTH! Sir Patrick motions, SENDING the chunk CRASHING DOWN TO THE GROUND -- but Diana zips out of the way -- in a blur, she slams into Sir Patrick, sending him flying --
122) 4) text: Steve looks over at Diana then the plane -- and he realizes what he has to do...
123) 0) text: Diana grabs a LARGE WOODEN CRATE and throws it up at Sir Patrick. Sir Patrick raises his hand -- and the crate appears to hit an INVISIBLE WALL, breaking apart, revealing HUNDREDS
124) 0) text: Steve sees Diana smashing across the airfield.    He rush to her side! The team watches as the truck moves the plane forward. Charlie aims his gun -- shooting straight into the engine! The truck SMOKES and HALTS, the plane stopped for a brief moment as -- Steve helps Diana up -- He starts to talk, but Diana's ears are RINGING.    She c see him, but not hear him.
124) 1) dialog: What?
125) 0) text: Steve talks to Diana, but her ears are still ringing.
125) 9) dialog: Steve! Steve runs past the team, towards the plane.
127) 0) text: Diana turns towards a burning fire.
127) 1) dialog: gazing into the fire.
129) 0) text: Walking out of the fire, WE REVEAL Sir Patrick now in his ARES ARMOR. Diana sees ARES -- and runs straight at him.
129) 5) text: Ares charges Diana -- he conjures a SPEAR, throwing it at Diana. She blocks it, but again is thrown back as the weapon combusts -- slamming into a TRAIN CAR. Ares does not relent, conjuring TWIN SWORDS -- swinging them at her -- she dodges the blades, BLOCKS them with her bracelets --
133) 0) text: ARES conjures a HOOK and CHAIN, throwing it at Diana, wrapping it around her arm -- he throws her across the airfield! Diana slams into a tank, denting it. She stands up -- just as ARES swings a MASSIVE SWORD, the power of the blade SLICING everything in its path -- Diana dodges it as the power SLICES the TANK in two!
135) 5) dialog: her rage growing.
135) 6) text: Ares conjures a LARGE SWORD, stabbing the roof, stopping himself. Ares launches at Diana, grabbing her by the neck, lifting her into the air off the hangar.
136) 0) text: Ares THROWS Diana across the airfield. She slams into TANKS and VEHICLES, springs back onto her feet. Ares uses his GROWING POWER to throw TANK TREADS at Diana. The tread wraps around Diana, slamming her to the ground! LIGHTNING CRACKLING across them as they TIGHTEN around her. Pinned, Diana is overwhelmed by a feeling of desperation.
142) 0) text: Trapped by the treads, Diana turns, seeing the team on the ground, out in the open... Ares hovers over Diana, tightening the treads around her with the movement of his hand.
142) 2) dialog: Steve...
144) 0) text: Diana is suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling -- almost otherworldly -- a connection -- to Steve -- absolute dread on her face --
145) 0) text: STEVE'S jaw is set, determined.    He shuts his eyes... thinks of Diana... and then --
146) 1) dialog: Steve... -- and the BOMBER EXPLODES! Enveloped in a cloud of GLOWING GAS that burns itself up in the explosion. A HORRIBLE SCREAM, emanating from deep within Diana!
146) 2) dialog: 
146) 6) text: The soldiers AIM their guns at Diana, firing dozens and dozens of BULLETS -- she blocks them, charging towards Ares. As the soldiers move in all around her, blocking her way --
146) 10) dialog: her eyes begin to DARKEN. She's lost in Steve's death, transformed into a VIOLENT MACHINE! In a brutal, stunning move, Diana attacks the soldiers in a fit of rage. She decimates the soldiers! One after the other! Tearing through them! She spins through the crowd, slamming into the soldiers - building to a SUPER SPIN that blows them all back! Diana charges Ares, flipping over and around him, dodging his sword, kicking him, leaping away, landing, and throwing her LASSO around his leg. She wraps her lasso around her own leg, flipping him over her head, slamming him down onto the ground! Diana leaps into the air, smashing her elbow into his back. Breathing heavily, full of anger, Diana pulls Ares up, getting close enough to realize -- ARES IS SMILING.   She's almost his.
146) 12) text: Yes, Diana. Don't stop... Diana pauses, breathing heavy like a wild animal. But resists. Ares blasts Diana back into a TANK. Trying to anger her into fighting.
146) 19) text: Diana looks at Maru, the anger boiling in her. Maru cowers. Her METAL MASK FLAPPING OFF in the wind, grotesque and pathetic.
146) 21) dialog: her eyes BLACK as she struggles... she wants so badly to end Maru.
146) 26) text: Diana... She closes her eyes and in her mind... but it isn't the ugliness of mankind.
146) 32) dialog: What are you saying? Steve, whatever it is, I can do it.   Let me do it --
146) 35) dialog: What? He presses something into her hand. She looks at it, confused, then looks up to see him running away.
147) 0) text: A GOLDEN GLOW begins to emits from Diana, a warmth within her building. The lasso CRACKLES with power, building up a SURGE OF ENERGY that explodes, runs from Diana, running down the lasso and into Ares, blasting him backwards! Diana opens her eyes.
147) 1) dialog: You're wrong about them... Ares EXPLODES in a NASTY, SNARLING, VICIOUS rage! He raises his hand -- A MASSIVE STORM OF DEBRIS smashes down towards Diana and Maru! It strikes into the tank, but Diana doesn't move!
147) 7) dialog: They're everything you say, but so much more.
147) 11) dialog: It's not about deserve... Diana stops, "catches" the massive lightning bolt in her gauntlets. The energy courses between them.
147) 12) dialog: It's about what you believe... and I believe in love -- Ares CRACKLES WITH LIGHTNING, summoning EVERYTHING HE CAN from the STORM ABOVE!
147) 16) dialog: Good-bye, brother. Diana runs towards Ares as he unleashes the very last of his power, erupting towards her.
148) 0) text: The rain washes away the blackened smoke from the sky, DAWN breaking through the clouds. Diana looks around, the soldiers rousing, as if they were waking up from a nightmare, the better side of man returning. They pull their gas masks off. Dr. Maru has vanished. Diana gazes out over the battlefield, looking at the team, the Germans -- the last of the ASH swirling around her as the SUN RISES. The sunlight hits Diana's face... Diana looks at Steve's watch -- it's finally stopped ticking.
149) 0) text: Wonderful chaos in Trafalgar Square! CONFETTI, STREAMERS, FLAGS, people embracing with JOY. HORNS and BRASS BANDS. CHEERING SOLDIERS with CROWNS OF FLOWERS in their hair GRAB pretty NURSES for a kiss. DRUMS THUNDER BY. Diana and Etta walk towards the massive, wondrous celebration. Diana is dressed as Diana Prince, hair up, glasses on. Etta is dressed up, like everybody else partying in the streets. They take in the joy.
149) 5) dialog: (correcting her)
149) 6) text: Steve did that. Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief, cleaned and scrubbed and wearing suits, join Diana and Etta.
149) 12) dialog: (touched)
149) 13) text: I don't think so. Etta stops in front of a recently erected wall of WAR MEMORIAL PHOTOGRAPHS. Steve looks dashing, happy, and very much alive. Diana's already fighting tears.
149) 15) dialog: Where did you read that?
149) 18) dialog: I used to want to save the world.
150) 2) dialog: To end war and bring peace to mankind. She contemplates the faces of friends long dead, her eyes linger on STEVE TREVOR.
150) 3) dialog: But now I've touched the darkness that lives in between the light. Seen the terrible things men do to each other in the name of hatred... and the lengths they'll go to for love. (beat)
150) 5) text: So I stay and I fight and I give for the love I know can be. This is my mission now. Forever. Diana takes Steve's watch from her pocket, turns it over in her hand twice, feels its smoothness. The watch has stopped -- and has been stopped since the moment Steve died. She places the watch beside the photograph. AT HER COMPUTER: Diana is typing an e-mail, BRUCE WAYNE's name the recipient: "Thanks for bringing him back to me." Just as Diana presses SEND, a news alert pops up on her screen. A fire has broken out in a downtown building, people trapped.
151) 0) text: Diana in her WONDER WOMAN ARMOR stands atop a building, smiles --