6) 0) text: Diana dashes through the crowded   marketplace, hoping to lose Mnemosyne, but every Amazon   whose path she crosses greets her with a smile or "Good   morning, Princess!" "Hello, Diana!" We realize that    Diana is the ONLY CHIL in this world. Diana races past a MURAL in the public square of QUEEN HIPPOLYTA, Diana's mother, triumphantly leading the Amazons.
7) 0) text: Dangling, Diana's pulled up to see: QUEEN HIPPOLYTA, ethereally beautiful, holding Diana easily by one arm as if Diana weighed nothing. She sits HORSEBACK, the mounted QUEEN'S GUARD behind her. Diana twists uneasily, smiling up at her mother.
7) 3) dialog: (sighs)
7) 6) dialog: (smiles; nods)
7) 9) dialog: Training?   You are training. Hippolyta softens, she loves her daughter more than anything, and PULLS DIANA into an embrace.
7) 10) dialog: Your mind is your most powerful weapon. (beat)
7) 17) dialog: (eyeing Antiope)
7) 21) dialog: From whom?
7) 23) dialog: Isn't that why I have an army at my command, General?
7) 25) dialog: She's a child. The only child on the island. Please, let her be so.
7) 31) dialog: (a final declaration)
7) 32) text: There will be no training. Hippolyta rides a crestfallen Diana away.   She looks bac at Antiope, who nods at Diana pointedly.
8) 0) text: Hippolyta attempts to tuck a wide-awake Diana (8) into bed.
8) 2) dialog: It's time to sleep.
8) 4) dialog: Fighting doesn't make you a hero.
8) 7) dialog: Diana... You are the most precious thing in this world to me. So much so, I sculpted you from clay and begged Zeus to give you life.
8) 9) text: You've told me that story. Hippolyta steps away and removes a GOLDEN-BOUND TRIPTYCH.
8) 10) dialog: Then I will tell you a new one. One of our people, and my days of battle... Diana's face LIGHTS UP, but Hippolyta raises her voice to correct her mood.
8) 11) dialog: So you will finally understand... why war is nothing to hope for.
8) 15) dialog: Long ago, when time was new, and all of history was still a dream... the gods ruled the Earth, Zeus king among them. PUSH IN as the painting seems to come alive, subtly animates. Lightning and thunder herald the arrival of ZEUS atop Olympus, surrounded by the PANTHEON OF GODS.
8) 16) dialog: Zeus created beings over which the gods would rule -- beings born in his image -- fair and good, strong and passionate. Zeus called his creation... man. (beat)
8) 18) dialog: But one grew envious of Zeus' love for mankind -- and sought to corrupt his creation. The painting seems to come alive again -- ARES, features hidden in shadow beneath a fearsome, HORNED HELMET.
8) 19) dialog: This was Ares.     The God of War. The sky splits open and fire rains from the heavens. Men take up arms, falling in line around Ares and becoming his ARMY.
8) 20) dialog: Ares poisoned men's hearts with jealousy and suspicion, vengeance and rage. He turned them against one another. The DYING and the DEAD litter a RAGING BATTLEFIELD.
9) 1) dialog: And war ravaged the Earth.
12) 0) text: APHRODITE, Goddess of Love, stands beside Zeus and the other gods at the shore of a turbulent sea, waving her hands as the ocean churns. From out of the sea rises: HIPPOLYTA, ANTIOPE, and countless other figures -- WARRIOR WOMEN.
12) 1) dialog: So the gods made us, the Amazons, to influence men's hearts with love and to restore peace to the world.
12) 3) dialog: For a brief time, there was peace, even a unity among the world, as the gods and man fought side-by- side against a great evil.
12) 6) text: ARES' ARMY OF MEN swing a barrage of weapons at Hippolyta and the Amazons, led by the God of War himself.
13) 1) dialog: While Zeus used the last of his power to stop Ares...
14) 1) dialog: ... striking him such a blow, the God of War was forced to retreat. Ares staggers back, a large gash in his chest leaks VIOLENT, BLUE POWER! He's swallowed up by DARKNESS.
14) 5) dialog: With Zeus' dying breath, he created this island to shield us from the outside world. Somewhere Ares could not find us.
16) 0) text: Hippolyta and Young Diana (8) look across their island home. Hippolyta smiles, ending her story... But Diana looks out across the oceans, wondering if Ares is still out there...
16) 1) dialog: We give thanks to the gods for this paradise.
16) 3) dialog: The Godkiller?
17) 0) text: Hippolyta and Young Diana (8) ride their HORSES to the ARMORY, a heavily guarded keep at the top of Themyscira's hillside. The QUEEN'S GUARDS follow. Diana's eyes drift up at a HIGH TOWER with a single window.
18) 0) text: Young Diana (8) follows Hippolyta down a torch-lit tunnel and into the open-air center. One high window.
18) 1) dialog: This is where we keep all the gifts the gods have given us. Diana's eyes drift past a dazzling array of items, including a glowing GOLDEN GIRDLE, LASSO, and at the center, an ornately-crafted SWORD. Diana gently touches the hilt of the sword, in awe.
18) 4) dialog: I pray there will never come a time when it is called to arms. But only the fiercest among us even could... And that is not you, Diana. She takes Diana's hand away from the sword.
18) 5) dialog: So you see, my daughter, you are safe. And it is nothing for you to concern yourself with. But Diana is determined to prove her mother wrong --
19) 9) dialog: Diana! Hippolyta rides towards them, her GUARDS follow. The Queen climbs down, furious.   She checks her daughter for injury.
19) 11) dialog: Training. (to Antiope)
19) 14) dialog: (to her Guards)
19) 15) text: Take her to the palace. Crestfallen, Young Diana (12) is led away by Hippolyta's guards. She locks eyes with Antiope as she leaves.
19) 17) dialog: You speak of a time that may never come. He may never return! He could have died of his wounds. Antiope raises her voice to meet Hippolyta's for the first time in three thousand years.
19) 23) dialog: The stronger Diana gets --
19) 25) text: But this is the only way to truly protect her. Hippolyta's pained eyes look away, pause for a beat, and then return to meet Antiope's with a steely stare.
19) 26) dialog: She is to never know the truth about what she is and how she came to be. (beat)
19) 29) dialog: Five times harder -- ten times harder. (beat)
20) 5) dialog: (under her breath)
20) 12) text: Or was I wrong to put such faith in you? Pushed to her limit, Diana brings both arms up -- then SLAMS her bracelets together! BOOSH!   A FIELD OF ENERGY EMANATES FROM DIANA'S CORE. We get the sense that this is just the beginning of her true POWER. Still, it's powerful enough to knock Antiope off her feet. Diana stumbles back... Diana, amazed and elated, realizes that something unbelievable has happened. A tiny GOLDEN SPARK in her eye quickly fades. Diana's ecstatic, scared and confused.   She looks to her mother: Did you see that? But Hippolyta is worried about the implications of Diana's power -- and Diana mistakes it for judgment.
20) 13) dialog: What have you done? Diana looks to Antiope, blood streaming from a cut to the head. Diana rushes to her side.
26) 15) dialog: Diana! Diana and Steve look up to the cliffs to see -- Battle-ready HIPPOLYTA on HORSEBACK, with the QUEEN'S GUARD, all with ARROWS pointed directly at Steve.
26) 16) dialog: (to Steve; enraged)
26) 28) text: Omicron formation! Antiope's team organizes into a formation, working together but still overwhelmed until -- HIPPOLYTA arrives on the beach, joining the battle in spectacular fashion. She slashes through the Germans like no other Amazon, proving why she is QUEEN! Diana is in awe of her mother -- it's the first time she's witnessed her fight.
26) 40) text: Go where? Antiope! No! Hippolyta rushes to Diana, falling to her knees in front of Antiope's lifeless body.
26) 44) dialog: Sister! Antiope stills. Diana's devastated, her first experience of death. Philippus looks on, saddened. Hippolyta grabs her sword and turns to Steve.
26) 45) dialog: You! Diana rushes between them.
27) 6) dialog: What is your mission?
27) 8) dialog: What is your mission?
32) 12) dialog: (stoney-faced)
33) 0) text: Diana follows Hippolyta and the cortege into the courtyard, trying to lend voice to their debate.
33) 5) dialog: And risk him bringing more men to our shores. Phillipus...
33) 13) dialog: We are not deploying our army and leaving Themyscira defenseless to go and fight their war!
33) 16) dialog: That was a story, Diana. There is much you do not know. Mankind is easily corruptible.
33) 21) dialog: We must care to our wounded, honor our fallen!
33) 23) dialog: You are not an Amazon like the rest of us, Diana. That strikes Diana in the heart.   Hippolyta stops hersel from revealing more, covering --
33) 24) dialog: You don't know war like we do.
33) 27) dialog: (angry; for her own good)
33) 29) text: Your Queen forbids it. Diana leaves, brimming with anger -- Hippolyta with conflict.
40) 16) dialog: I know. Diana finds not fury on her mother's face, but sadness.
40) 17) dialog: Or at least I know that I cannot stop you. There is so much... so much you do not understand.
40) 19) dialog: You know that if you choose to leave us, you may never return. Once you leave this island, its location will fade from your memory... Hippolyta relents, nodding. She climbs down from her horse, taking something from the saddle. She presents Diana with ANTIOPE'S HEADBAND.
40) 20) dialog: This belonged to the greatest warrior in our history -- make sure you are worthy of it.
40) 22) dialog: Be careful in the world of men, Diana, they do not deserve you. Hippolyta tries to memorize her daughter's face, believing it's the last time she'll ever see it.
40) 23) dialog: You have been my greatest love. Today you are my greatest sorrow. Diana WALKS AWAY from her mother, and the only home she's ever known, towards Steve and the ship. The weight of this good-bye doesn't go unnoticed by Steve.
42) 0) text: Menalippe approaches, joining Hippolyta's side.
42) 2) dialog: The more she knows, the faster he will find her.
100) 3) text: I am Diana of Themyscira, daughter of Hippolyta... and I am here to complete her mission -- Diana cocks back her sword for battle when Sir Patrick disappears again -- reappearing behind her. She spins and plunges the GODKILLER into him -- Sir Patrick simply holds up his hand and the sword DISINTEGRATES INTO A CLOUD OF DUST, right down to the hilt! Diana can't believe it --
152) 4) dialog: I know.    The Mother Box... it has awoken.    Alert everyone.
153) 1) dialog: Something terrible is coming.