57) 4) dialog: ... In Africa, gentlemen, we had no such luxuries... The OFFICERS laugh, agree, as Steve and Diana approach.
57) 5) dialog: But the luxuries we have now. It's like we can't stop making money. My uncle, the Prince, and I would keep it all, but we want to extend the opportunity to a few good soldiers --
57) 11) dialog: (to Steve)
57) 15) dialog: Diana, call me `Sammy.'    Please.
57) 19) dialog: [You do to me. Your eyes, as soft as your smile...] Then in Chinese.
57) 21) dialog: [I know Chinese, too, tricky girl.] Then in Ancient Greek.
58) 0) text: Diana, Steve, and Sameer sit with bruised Charlie, Scottish and deeply drunk. A WHISKEY GLASS in each fist.
58) 11) dialog: From very far away. Charlie grabs a drink from a patron who isn't looking.
58) 20) dialog: What's the job, Trevor?
58) 23) dialog: Better be good pay.
58) 28) dialog: (to Diana; in French)
58) 31) dialog: What is this?
58) 33) dialog: Dropping her off?
58) 37) text: These are mine. Charlie's knocked to the ground! He doesn't see Diana move fearlessly, grabbing the BRUISER -- as if he weighed nothing -- and tosses him across the room! The Bruiser smashes into the wall, crumpling to the floor. His friends make a quick exit. Sameer is smitten, helping Charlie up.
58) 38) dialog: I am both frightened and aroused.
61) 0) text: The train sits at the top of Dover Docks. Its STEAM engulfs HUNDREDS OF ALLIED SOLDIERS disembarking, among them, Diana, Steve, Sameer, and Charlie. The new recruits are jubilant, singing "It's A Long Way To Tipperary" as they walk toward the waiting STEAMSHIP. Steve checks his watch again --
63) 6) dialog: It's good to see you.
64) 0) text: Charlie FAST ASLEEP -- along with Steve and Sameer, around the fire. Chief is heating cans of food. Diana turns to RUMBLING in the distance.
64) 18) text: His people. Before Diana can ask more about that, Charlie suddenly starts to murmur, suffering through some kind of terrible nightmare. Diana watches until -- Charlie CRIES OUT, waking himself and Steve and Sameer. Diana reaches out to Charlie, compassionately --
67) 10) dialog: There is nothing we can do about it, Diana. We must keep moving. AS THEY MOVED FORWARD, Diana looks ahead sees beyond the woods -- NO MAN'S LAND... PRE-LAP: The SOUNDS of RAIN and THUNDER, which BOOMS, then fades into the SOUNDS of GUNFIRE and EXPLOSIONS.
73) 0) text: -- the soldier falls onto the street -- where we FIND Steve, Sameer, Charlie, and The Chief following Diana's trail. They watch as ANOTHER SOLDIER is thrown out of a window, then they round a corner -- and find themselves pinned down by gunfire. The Chief hands Steve a grenade -- he tosses it, blowing up the nearby shooters. As they continue to fight their way into Veld --
75) 11) dialog: You don't miss.
76) 0) text: A PHOTOGRAPHER takes a DAGUERROTYPE of Diana, Steve, Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief standing in the village. FLASH. The photograph sees our team imbuing a sense of pride and accomplishment. Steve's face is turned towards Diana's, with a look of something more than admiration. Moments later, Diana walks with Sameer. They look back at Charlie, head hung low, shaken. Charlie fumbles with his flask, dropping it.
76) 2) dialog: Not everyone gets to be who they want to be all the time. Me, I wanted to be an actor, not a soldier. But I'm the wrong color. Diana considers this, then she turns, sees The Chief with a small group of BELGIANS from the trench, including Marie and her family. All of them ragged, sleep- deprived, and starving, but hopeful. The Chief dispenses bread and cheese. Diana notices that no money changes hands. Steve walks to her.
76) 5) dialog: Money isn't the only profit. (beat)
79) 0) text: The tables are crowded with VILLAGERS and all the food the Germans left behind. Beer flows. Tea lights twinkle. A FEMALE PIANIST plays, singing as couples dance. The atmosphere is warm and jovial. Diana and Steve stand at the edge of the crowd, unable to put the urgency of their mission aside and join in. Sameer approaches them with two tankards of ale.   Steve waves them off.
79) 2) dialog: Already done. Now you two need to relax. There's nothing we can do until tomorrow. You said it yourself, Steve. Sameer strolls off. Steve drinks.     Diana does, too, surprised by the flavor.
81) 4) dialog: The villagers gave them to us.
81) 6) dialog: They called us heroes.
81) 11) dialog: Yeah, we know Diana's capable of looking after herself, but I'm worried you wouldn't make it.
81) 13) dialog: We've been paid enough. The Chief nods, but Diana spots Charlie's hesitation.
81) 16) dialog: Ah!   Don't encourage him! Despite Sameer's protests, Charlie starts to SING LOUDLY but joyfully -- as the team moves on. OFF Diana, moved by the continued goodness she's discovering within these unlikely men.
82) 3) dialog: Wait. There's a whole island of women like her? And not a single man among them? (beat)
82) 8) dialog: And she thinks Ludendorff is Ares? The God of War?
82) 10) dialog: You saw what she did out there. The way she charged that machine gun nest. The way she took out that tower. Maybe it's true! Chief nods in agreement.
83) 4) text: Thank you, Chief, for that ancient tribal wisdom, that's very helpful. The Chief gets off his horse, hands the reins to Sameer, then wanders off into the forest. Charlie looks through his scope:    several guards at the gate, but only one at the door.
83) 19) dialog: (attempting humor)
83) 28) dialog: Can I drive it? Lemme drive it. I'll be your chauffeur! Steve looks at Diana.
84) 2) dialog: (talking through his teeth to Steve)
84) 4) dialog: ... they have invitations. Sameer has no choice but to pull up to the guards. One of them holds out his hand, waiting for an invitation -- but Sameer takes the surprised guard's hand with both of his!
84) 5) dialog: Dhanyavaad, Sahib. The Colonel and I wish many blessings and all manner of other things to fall upon your head -- Thinking fast, Steve belligerently yells at Sameer, startling the guards.
84) 10) dialog: I must apologize a thousand thousand times, my masters, for my most horrid, wretched, and unworthy soul has lost the Colonel's invitation! Steve checks his WATCH.
84) 12) dialog: Blessings be upon us. Steve's smile fades when he sees soldiers setting up a VIEWING PLATFORM with ROWS OF SEATS. Steve doesn't know why.
88) 0) text: Sameer has regrouped with Chief and Charlie. Chief and Sameer look up at SMOKING TRAILS in the sky, left by the missiles, while Charlie peers through his SCOPE at the chГўteau.
88) 1) dialog: They're cheering. Suddenly, they spot Diana racing through the forest on her HORSE.
88) 2) dialog: Diana! Steve rides up to the team, out of breath.
88) 11) dialog: (calls after to Steve)
92) 0) text: The last wash of sunlight FADES as NIGHT takes over. Diana rides on horseback through the countryside at amazing speed -- driven, possessed by rage. She heads towards Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief -- who are all at a FIRE Chief has set, used to create the SMOKE SIGNALS. He points to the top of a hill. She rushes past them and up the hill! Cresting the hill, we see an AIRFIELD -- she heads down towards it. Steve isn't far behind her, racing past the team!
97) 1) dialog: (to Steve)
99) 5) dialog: Wherever Diana is, I think we're gonna need her. Steve watches as a soldier motioning to the crew to pick up the pace. Steve and the team see soldiers loading bombs in the back of the plane. Steve motions to the team and they head around the back of the hangar.
102) 0) text: Sameer boards the plane while Steve moves to the front wheel, trying to get a better look at the plane's position. The Chief spots soldiers examining a MAP just inside the hangar. As they walk away, The Chief sneaks in --
110) 0) text: Sameer moves past ROWS OF BOMBS already loaded.   He spot something -- a TIMER wired to the bombs!
122) 3) dialog: Bad news. It's on a timer.    If we ground it here, same thing.
122) 9) dialog: Steve!
125) 13) dialog: (to Charlie and Chief)
132) 0) text: Charlie, Sameer, and Chief enter the hangar. GUNSHOTS ring out as Dr. Maru desperately gathers her NOTES, trying to save her work! The team looks out across the lab, seeing DIFFERENT DRUMS OF CHEMICALS -- ready to be MIXED to create the gas. They start kicking over the drums, dismantling the lab, setting CHARGES --
138) 0) text: Outside the lab, Charlie covers Sameer and Chief while they throw GRENADES in and --
149) 6) text: Steve did that. Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief, cleaned and scrubbed and wearing suits, join Diana and Etta.
149) 14) dialog: Behind all beauty, all wisdom, there is pain. You must take your pain and make it beautiful.
149) 16) dialog: I didn't. (beat)