51) 0) text: Diana follows Steve into an ASSEMBLY HALL, where an unruly group of men, MILITARY LEADERS and MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT, shout down SIR PATRICK MORGAN (40s), kindly faced, a CANE at his side. Diana gazes across the hall like a tourist.
51) 2) dialog: Gentlemen! Germany is a proud nation who will never surrender. The only way to end this war and restore world peace is to negotiate an armistice. The ASSEMBLY ROARS objections at Sir Patrick as Steve finds COLONEL PHILLIP DARNELL (40s) in the crowd.
51) 10) text: Phillip! Phil! Darnell turns, amazed to see Steve there -- alive! Steve nods toward the door, then realizes the room has gone silent. Every eye in the hall is fixed on Diana, the only woman in a room that doesn't allow women. Diana, oblivious, looks up at Sir Patrick.
51) 11) dialog: (distracted by Diana)
51) 12) text: Our only aim at this moment -- must be to achieve peace at any cost. The crowd GRUMBLES again, about a woman's presence there as much as Sir Patrick's rhetoric. Steve takes Diana's arm and leads her out of the auditorium, Darnell follows.
51) 13) dialog: Gentlemen, I beg you, please, if you'll just hear me out --
52) 6) dialog: Captain Trevor! Sir Patrick emerges from the auditorium, making his way over to the threesome.
52) 7) dialog: I'd heard you were lost on one of your missions, yet here you are. And you've brought a friend. Sir Patrick smiles sweetly at Diana, she smiles back, noticing his cane.
52) 9) dialog: Nonsense.
52) 14) dialog: Thanks to this young woman, the room was finally quiet enough for me to get a few words in. (a humble bow)
52) 15) text: Sir Patrick Morgan, at your service. Diana bows her head in return.
52) 18) text: Prince, Diana Prince. We... she and I... we work together. She helped me get this notebook here. From Maru's lab -- Steve presents the notebook. Sir Patrick takes it, understanding the implications immediately.
52) 19) dialog: `Dr. Poison' herself? My God... (to Darnell)
54) 0) text: Steve, Darnell,   Sir Patrick, GENERAL DOUGLAS HAIG, and the BRITISH WAR   CABINET crowd in a room, walls full of MAPS and PHOTOS   of LUDENDORFF and DR. MARU (before her metal implants)   and the notebook. A TERRAIN MAP in the center. Diana stands near the door watching, LISTENING.   She walks to the wall of PHOTOGRAPHS.
54) 38) dialog: Now more than ever, the armistice is of paramount importance, we must get it negotiated and signed. That is the surest way of stopping the war.
54) 55) text: All of you. Diana storms out.    Steve and Sir Patrick exchange a loo
58) 48) dialog: Sit, gentlemen. Please, sit. Sir Patrick pulls up a chair.
58) 49) dialog: I assume you're here planning something that's either going to get you court-martialed or killed.
58) 51) dialog: No.  Not that I like any of this. (beat)
58) 53) dialog: Now nothing can jeopardize the armistice talks, but... I also believe in insurance. I'm here to help you. Unofficially, of course. What's your plan?
58) 58) dialog: Etta will run the mission out of my office, to allay suspicion.
58) 61) dialog: (re: Charlie and Sameer)
78) 10) dialog: (not liking the sound of that)
78) 18) dialog: Steve?
78) 20) dialog: I forbid it.   Do you hear me? Steve? A beat of silence as Steve makes a decision...
78) 25) dialog: Steve?   Are you there -- ? But Steve has clicked off.
98) 9) dialog: You're right, Diana. They don't deserve our help. (beat)
98) 13) dialog: I am. But I'm not what you thought I was. You blame me, but the truth is... (motions to the airfield)
100) 0) text: Diana leaps down from above, the GODKILLER back in her hands -- she circles the tower like a tiger, looking THROUGH the glass -- but Sir Patrick remains very calm.
100) 1) dialog: I am not your enemy, Diana. I am the only one who truly knows you. And who truly knows them as you now do. They have always been, and always will be weak, cruel, selfish, and capable of the greatest horror... As he speaks, Diana holds the sword with TWO HANDS, trying to regain her confidence but struggling. Stepping in the doorway, he vanishes.    She looks around Finds he's suddenly outside.
100) 3) text: I am Diana of Themyscira, daughter of Hippolyta... and I am here to complete her mission -- Diana cocks back her sword for battle when Sir Patrick disappears again -- reappearing behind her. She spins and plunges the GODKILLER into him -- Sir Patrick simply holds up his hand and the sword DISINTEGRATES INTO A CLOUD OF DUST, right down to the hilt! Diana can't believe it --
100) 8) dialog: The Godkiller? Oh, child. That is not the Godkiller. (truly feels her shock)
100) 12) dialog: Zeus left the daughter he had with the Queen of the Amazons as a weapon to use against me. Diana's mind reeling --
103) 0) text: The lasso is still tight around Sir Patrick, crackling. Diana holds it, still unsure what to think --
103) 1) dialog: I am not the God of War, Diana. I am the god of truth... All I ever wanted was to show my father how evil his creation was. But he refused.
103) 2) text: As Sir Patrick runs his finger along the lasso, a SURGE of energy runs from his hands and down towards Diana -- into her, causing her to see FLASHES OF THE PAST. Each is like a pulse that fades and returns us to the scene at hand.
103) 4) dialog: Mankind stole the world from us. They ruined it, day-by-day.
104) 1) dialog: And I, the only one wise enough to see it, was left too weak to destroy them myself...
105) 4) dialog: All these years, I've struggled. Whispering into their ears...
106) 0) text: Maru at her workbench. The SPECTRAL FORM of SIR PATRICK whispering silently to her, unseen by anyone. A STRANGE WIND passes as he does. Her eyes light up. She starts mixing chemicals frantically.
106) 1) dialog: Ideas. Inspiration. For weapons. Formulas. But I don't make them use them... they start these wars on their own.
107) 1) dialog: (enjoying the revelation) All I do is orchestrate an armistice I know they will break, in the hope they will destroy themselves. But it's never been enough... (beat) When you first arrived I was going to end you, Diana. Then I felt something I haven't for thousands of years. Stronger.
107) 2) text: Sir Patrick clenches his fists.   His neck pulses.
107) 3) dialog: It was your power. Healing me more than you could ever hurt me.
107) 4) text: Diana's eyes narrow, trying to understand.    Sir Patrick hands begin to FLICKER with FIRE --
107) 5) dialog: And I knew that if only you could see what the other gods couldn't...
107) 10) dialog: All the suffering. All the pain and destruction they create. You would join me.
107) 14) dialog: We could return the world to the paradise it was before them. (beat) And there would be absolute peace, Diana. Forever.
112) 0) text: Sir Patrick looks angered -- he almost had her.   His eye narrow.
112) 1) dialog: Oh, Diana... my dear sister... I don't want to fight you -- (beat)
116) 0) text: Diana pushes herself up off the ground, gazing over at Sir Patrick, who simply floats down -- burning debris all around them. Getting to her feet, Diana runs towards Sir Patrick.
116) 1) dialog: calmly looking out at the DESTRUCTION and Diana, he flicks his hand -- through his sheer force of will, Sir Patrick lifts the TOWER DEBRIS around Diana! Girders rise, toppling over on either side of Diana as she races towards Sir Patrick! Diana dodges them, running through the gauntlet -- gazing up as a LIGHT shines down, toppling towards her -- Diana leaps out of the way!
118) 0) text: Diana throws her lasso at Sir Patrick, but he holds his hands up and blasts it back!
118) 1) dialog: Oh, my dear.   You have so much to learn.
118) 2) text: Diana lassos a GIRDER, swinging it back at Sir Patrick -- but he hovers above it! The debris smashes into a gas tank, exploding!
119) 0) text: Fighting through the growing storm, Diana races towards Sir Patrick -- he raises his hands like a conductor, ripping chunks of the tarmac up! Diana avoids one -- smashes through another -- then leaps in the air as a MASSIVE CHUNK OF THE EARTH rises -- Diana leaps into the air, towards Sir Patrick --
120) 0) text: Hidden behind the crates, Steve and the team remove their masks and see Diana and Sir Patrick battling! Steve reacts to Sir Patrick levitating!
121) 0) text: Diana leaps at Sir Patrick, but she blasts her back under the hovering CHUNK OF EARTH! Sir Patrick motions, SENDING the chunk CRASHING DOWN TO THE GROUND -- but Diana zips out of the way -- in a blur, she slams into Sir Patrick, sending him flying --
121) 4) dialog: catching himself, gazing up, crackling with LIGHTNING.
123) 0) text: Diana grabs a LARGE WOODEN CRATE and throws it up at Sir Patrick. Sir Patrick raises his hand -- and the crate appears to hit an INVISIBLE WALL, breaking apart, revealing HUNDREDS
128) 2) dialog: using the FIRE to FORGE the METAL on his body -- recreating ARES' ICONIC ARMOR he wore in "The History Lesson!"
129) 0) text: Walking out of the fire, WE REVEAL Sir Patrick now in his ARES ARMOR. Diana sees ARES -- and runs straight at him.
135) 7) dialog: Is that all you have to offer me?
142) 1) dialog: It is futile, sister. But keep trying. Diana hears the sound of a plane and she looks up into the sky -- the plane soaring up into it...
146) 11) dialog: (enjoying every second)
146) 13) dialog: Do it... fight. Diana lifts up the tank!
146) 14) dialog: You came here with such hope and determination and look at you now. Mankind did this to you. Join me in the fight... and we can destroy them forever! But still Diana resists, the darkness in her eyes flickering, Ares sneers with disgust, he turns towards -- THE RUNWAY. -- using the winds to take hold of a MILITARY VEHICLE Maru is desperately trying to escape in.
146) 20) dialog: She is the perfect example of these humans. And unworthy of your sympathy in every way.
146) 22) dialog: Destroy her, Diana. Diana stands over the trembling, terrified woman -- about to crush her. But Diana hesitates...
146) 23) dialog: You know she deserves it, they all do! Diana snarls, her arms shaking with the weight of the tank over her head. Her anger threatening to overtake her. Ares uses his power on Diana's lasso, wraps it around her, holding it tight.
146) 24) dialog: See the truth for yourself! Maru looks up at Diana.   Diana looks down at her...
147) 2) dialog: 
147) 8) dialog: 
147) 10) dialog: They do not deserve your protection.
147) 13) dialog: 