26) 0) text: Diana drags the Pilot onto the beach, his bag around his shoulder. She gently lays him on the sand and gets her first real look at the FIRST MAN SHE'S EVER SEEN. His mouth, lips, jaw, hair, stubble -- captivating. This is CAPTAIN STEVE TREVOR (30s), rugged, handsome. American fighter pilot undercover for the British. Steve wakes, squinting in the sun, surprised to discover Diana's not a hallucination. He takes in the strange surroundings, blown back by her breathtaking beauty.
26) 1) dialog: Wow. She backs away as he sits up, surprised by the timber of his voice. Diana studies his eyes. They're so blue.
26) 3) dialog: Yes, I mean -- (lowering his voice)
26) 6) dialog: Thema-- say it again?
26) 8) dialog: I'm one of the good guys, and those are the bad guys. The wounded battle-cruiser sinks, but her THREE GERMAN LANDING CRAFT steam towards the beach.
26) 9) dialog: Y'know... Germans.
26) 14) dialog: We gotta get out of here.
26) 18) dialog: Where are their guns? ANOTHER WAVE OF GUARDSWOMEN arrive behind Hippolyta on HORSEBACK, aiming ARROWS at the German ships.
26) 19) dialog: Do they only have arrows? We need guns. Because the Germans have guns. Lots and lots of -- A torrent of FLAMING ARROWS sail from the cliff top, over Diana's and Steve's heads, hitting all three landing craft. The Germans FIRE back in retaliation!
26) 20) dialog: Get down! Steve pulls Diana behind a ROCK FORMATION, out of sight of the invading Germans now fanning out across the beach. MORE AMAZONS join the others on the cliff, led by ORANA. Orana shoots a GRAPPLING ARROW into the rock wall of the opposite cliff. She swings down the attached line toward the beach, firing ARROW AFTER ARROW at the Germans. ON THE BEACH:   Diana and Steve watch her, stunned. Diana turns as a soldier lifts his rifle and FIRES. She sees the BULLET leave the gun, heading straight for her in SLOW MOTION -- Steve TACKLES DIANA, pushing her to the ground as the BULLET just misses her.
26) 25) dialog: (to Diana)
26) 26) text: Stay here! A GLINT of a KNIFE in Steve's hand as he leaps on the soldier, dragging him down -- then quickly reappearing, SHOOTING a RIFLE. Diana grabs the SWORD and SHIELD of a fallen sister and joins the battle. She's quickly surrounded, but holds her own, fending off a SWARM of Germans.
26) 34) dialog: Diana! Steve aims at the soldier as he fires, but Antiope steps in front of her niece. TAKING THE BULLET, she falls to the ground. Steve fires and the German falls, too.
26) 48) dialog: They weren't my people.
26) 51) dialog: I -- I'm not at liberty to say.
26) 53) dialog: I can't tell you that, either.
26) 59) dialog: Ladies, I'm sorry. I can only tell you one thing about me: I'll never talk.
27) 0) text: Steve's overcome by an unseen force.    He struggles.
27) 1) dialog: My name's Captain Steve Trevor. Pilot... American Expeditionary Forces. Serial number 8121941. That's all I'm at liberty to s-- REVEAL: Steve, bleeding from injuries sustained in battle, bound by a GLOWING GOLDEN LASSO controlled by Menalippe. Diana and Hippolyta, battle weary, watch him. With them the QUEEN'S GUARDS, what's left of ANTIOPE'S GUARDS and SENATOR ACANTHA (50s). Steve strains to keep his mouth shut.    He can't.
27) 2) dialog: Seconded... to British Intelligence. (re: lasso)
27) 7) dialog: Whoever you are, you're in enough danger as it is. You shouldn't --
27) 12) dialog: (exhales; caves) I'm a spy.
27) 16) dialog: British Intelligence got word that the leader of the German Army, General Ludendorff, was visiting a secret military installation in the Ottoman Empire.
27) 18) dialog: I posed as one of their pilots, then flew in with them.
28) 0) text: Steve follows the others into the warehouse.
28) 1) dialog: According to our intel, the Germans had no troops left, no money, no munitions of any kind...
28) 2) text: Steve discovers this is an immense MUNITIONS FACTORY manned by elderly men, women, and children, all of whom appear to be slave labor for the Germans in the mass production of BOMBS.
28) 3) dialog: ... but our intel was wrong. The Germans had the Turks making bombs for them. And not just bombs...
28) 8) dialog: New weapons. Invented by Ludendorff's chief psychopath. Dr. Isabel Maru. Steve can't help but stare admiringly... until Maru turns her head, revealing METAL PLATES on her face, hiding damage incurred by her own experiments.
28) 9) dialog: Boys in the trenches call her `Dr. Poison.' Maru leads LUDENDORFF to her lab, to a fully-enclosed TEST CHAMBER with a VIEWING WINDOW. In the chamber, Steve sees a gruesome site: A PRISONER, his terrified face covered by a GAS MASK, his wrists and ankles stretched out and restrained by CHAINS. Another CHAIN leads from the top of the prisoner's gas mask. Out of earshot, Steve watches as Maru shows Ludendorff the formulas in her notebook, explaining them. Maru closes the notebook and sets it down, then releases GLOWING GAS into the chamber. Panicked, the prisoner's terrified eyes widen, MUFFLED SCREAMS cry out behind his gas mask. Enraptured, Maru puts a hand against the window, her anxious eyes follow the SMOKE filling the chamber: It has to work this time. Ludendorff watches, waiting. Steve looks on in horror as the prisoner's gas mask begins to show slight signs of disintegration: thin cracks in the glass, wear on the straps, corrosion on the metal -- Maru isn't even aware she's grinning, but then - The prisoner realizes the gas mask is resisting the gas, protecting him. He calms. Maru's face falls. Her eyes dart to Ludendorff who shows obvious signs of disappointment. Steve watches as a frustrated Dr. Maru pulls a LEVER -- and the chain connected to the prisoner's gas mask tears the mask off, exposing him to what's left of the gas! The panicked prisoner screams in pain as he breathes in, dying horribly! Steve can barely watch, he glances away -- and his eyes lock on Maru's notebook.
28) 13) dialog: From what I saw... if Dr. Maru was able to complete her work, millions would die. The war would never end. (beat)
28) 14) text: I had to do something... Steve makes a decision, knowing it could cost him his life -- he grabs the notebook.
28) 15) dialog: Dammit. Maru turns to see her notebook gone! She looks around just in time to see Steve leaving. They lock eyes briefly as he exits --
29) 0) text: An ALARM BLARES as Steve -- pursued by a dozen German soldiers -- runs to a FOKKER, props already rotating.
31) 0) text: Steve uses the Fokker's 12-BARREL ROTARY CANNON to FIRE on Ludendorff's vehicle -- but it gets away. Steve trains the gun on the evacuated military installation's glass roof, whose WORKERS have just evacuated. He STRAFES it, taking out all of the glass panes before dropping HAND-BOMBS into the complex. The factory EXPLODES in a fire ball as he flies off into the sky! END FLASHBACK.
32) 0) text: Steve tries to resist the lasso again, but can't --
32) 4) dialog: I was on my way back to London when the Germans shot me down... Steve's eyes firmly on his BAG at Hippolyta's feet. Diana removes Dr. Maru's notebook.
32) 5) dialog: But if I can get those notes to British Intelligence in time, it might make a difference... (emotional)
32) 8) dialog: ... The War to End All Wars.   Four years, twenty-seven nations, twenty-five million dead -- soldiers... and civilians... Steve swallows hard, forced by the lasso to reveal all. Not just the facts, but also his feelings about them.
32) 9) dialog: (with difficulty)
32) 11) text: ... like the world is going to end. Steve's head hangs low, Diana looks at him with sympathy and sadness.
35) 0) text: Diana enters to find Steve stepping out of a TUB -- his back to her -- NAKED. She studies his body as he towels himself dry. Steve's shoulder has been BANDAGED, but his body is covered with CUTS, BRUISES, SCARS from other battles. Diana touches her own wound, sympathetic. Steve finally turns, startled to see her there.
35) 1) dialog: Didn't hear you come in./Didn't hear you knock. Diana stares at him.   Puzzled.   Steve isn't enjoying th look on her face.
35) 3) dialog: I like to think of myself as... above average.
35) 5) dialog: It's a watch.
35) 10) dialog: My father gave it to me. Been through hell and back with him, and now me, and it's still ticking.
35) 13) dialog: Because it tells time. (off her look)
35) 16) text: You let this little thing tell you what to do? Steve takes the watch from her, covers up.
35) 17) dialog: Do you mind if I ask you a couple hundred questions? Diana shrugs.
35) 18) dialog: What is this place?
35) 20) dialog: I caught that before. I mean what is this place? How come I've never heard of it? Who the hell are you people? How do you know English?
35) 22) dialog: Funny, because I understand even less now than before you walked in. The way Steve watches her makes Diana self-conscious.
35) 26) dialog: Hey, I didn't get to say it earlier... but thanks for dragging me out of the water.
35) 28) dialog: So... Are you here to let me go?
35) 31) dialog: The Amazons?
35) 33) dialog: Can't say I blame her. (off Diana's surprise)
35) 36) dialog: I don't think want is the word, but... I've gotta try. (wistful; remembering his father)
35) 42) dialog: `You see something wrong in the world, you can either do nothing, or you can do something. And you already tried nothing.' Moved, Diana takes that in.   Determination on her face.
39) 0) text: Diana enters, waking Steve --
39) 1) dialog: Nice outfit.
39) 4) dialog: (as she's a bit nuts)
39) 5) text: Deal. Steve grabs his watch and bag.
40) 0) text: Diana and Steve on HORSEBACK emerge from the forest at the edge of a harbor. Diana and Steve turn to the front of a not-very-modern-looking (by 1918 standards) AMAZON SAILING VESSEL.
40) 1) dialog: (skeptical)
40) 4) dialog: We're leaving in that?
40) 6) dialog: (a touch of bravado)
43) 0) text: A BREEZE moves through Diana's hair as she takes a breath, watching the island drift away, and in a SUDDEN FLICKER of fog -- it is gone. Bittersweet. She eyes Steve at the TILLER. He looks at his WATCH, still ticking, then pockets it.
43) 2) dialog: The war? Well, which part? The Eastern Front in France is 400 miles long -- from the Alps to the Atlantic. Then there's the Dolomites in Italy, Turks in Arabia -- there used to be a Russian Front but they quit last year so they could kill the Tzar and have a revolution.
43) 4) dialog: Who's that?
43) 6) dialog: Ares?   As in the God of War?
43) 12) dialog: Look, Princess, I like your spirit, and maybe you know something I don't, but this war is so sprawling, there's nothing the two of us can do about it. But we can try to get to the men who can.
43) 14) dialog: (as she's nuts)
43) 18) dialog: The great books. Those books explain why there are no men on that island? Or kids?
43) 23) dialog: Just you? (off her nod)
43) 26) dialog: Oh. Well, that's not how babies are made where I come from. Diana turns to Steve, moving closer.   The tension betwee them palpable. Diana gets close --
43) 28) dialog: I refer to more than that.
43) 30) dialog: (pleasantly surprised)
43) 33) dialog: All twelve, huh? (off her nod)
43) 34) text: You bring any of them with you? Steve moves closer to Diana.   She grins --
47) 1) dialog: Good morning. (beat)
47) 2) text: We got lucky, caught a ride.    Made good time. Over Steve's shoulder, Diana gets her first eye-popping view of industrialized LONDON (circa 1918).
47) 3) dialog: Welcome to jolly ol' London. Diana, awestruck, takes in the city's skyline.
47) 5) dialog: Eh.    It's not for everyone.
48) 1) dialog: Diana! Steve is working to keep up with Diana. She sees something she can barely fathom -- a MAN and WOMAN holding hands, very much in love. It's captivating.
48) 6) dialog: Well, because they're... together. Diana takes Steve's hand.   He lets it go.
48) 7) dialog: No, we're not together... I mean, like that. Look, we need to go this way.
48) 9) dialog: (points the opposite way)
48) 12) dialog: (pats his bag)
48) 15) dialog: (almost finds that endearing)
48) 18) text: Come with me to deliver this, then we'll talk about getting you a train ticket. Someone glares at Steve's clothes -- the remains of a German pilot.
48) 19) dialog: I need to change. (to Diana)
48) 25) dialog: (sneaks a third glance)
48) 28) dialog: Because you aren't wearing any. Diana, confused, looks down at her armor, then looks around at the mostly overdressed women on the street.
48) 30) dialog: (how to say it?)
48) 33) dialog: And that one wasn't made out of clay. They move on, both unaware that they're being following by a MAN IN A SUIT.
48) 35) text: It's true! You're alive! 51   EXT. SELFRIDGE &amp; CO. - DAY ETTA CANDY, Steve's loyal, cheeky, secretary spies Steve and Diana walking towards her.
48) 58) dialog: At least try it on. Diana, sighs, then starts to take off her cloak. Etta's eyes go wide. She rushes to stop Diana from removing it.
48) 69) text: I can't say that I blame it. 55    INT. SELFRIDGE &amp; CO. - MOMENTS LATER Steve walks up to Etta.   He's now dressed in his SUIT.
48) 70) dialog: Where is she?
48) 76) dialog: (to Etta)
48) 77) text: Etta, the whole point was to make her less conspicuous. Steve looks around the store, grabs a pair of GLASSES. He gently puts the glasses on Diana's face. Looks satisfied.
48) 82) dialog: It'll be safe. You can trust her. (beat)
49) 0) text: Diana and Steve walk down the street, the SUITED MAN from earlier follows them. He's suddenly distracted by the reappearance of the Suited Man from earlier, who confers with A SECOND SUITED MAN (SM #2).
49) 1) dialog: Come on.
49) 3) dialog: Hopefully nothing. Steve leads Diana down a less-populated street. Diana sees SM #1 and SM #2 tracking them on opposite sides of the street. Steve, distracted, bumps right into SUITED MAN #3 and looks down to find a GUN aimed at his gut.
50) 0) text: SM #3 backs Steve and Diana into an ALLEYWAY where TWO MORE men wait. Now all FIVE of the SUITED MEN gather, THREE of them have their GUNS out on Diana and Steve.
50) 1) dialog: Quite a reception.
50) 6) dialog: Where did I put that thing? At which point -- Steve KICKS THE GUN OUT OF SM #3's HANDS, HITTING HIM INTO THE TWO OTHERS HOLDING GUNS. Steve holds his arm up, "protecting" Diana --
50) 7) dialog: (to Diana)
50) 10) dialog: Or not. SM #2 and SM #3 FIRE! Diana RAISES BOTH BRACELETS, deflecting their bullets. Her technique is clumsy at first as she gets used to the torque, impact and SOUND. Steve takes out SM #1 while Diana grabs SM #3 as his LAST SHOT fires -- and lays him out with a blow. Diana deflects the last of SM #2's bullets as his gun runs EMPTY. Everyone is amazed, especially Steve --
50) 11) dialog: How'd you do that? She smiles as if to say, you ain't seen nothing yet -- The remaining THREE SUITED MEN rush Steve and Diana. Diana slams her fist into SM #2 while Steve takes on SM #4. Diana grabs the dazed SM #2 -- swings him around, crashing him into SM #5 hard -- and they're both down. spilt second later, Steve finishes taking out SM #4. The suited men run off, leaving only SM #1 behind. SM #1 stirs. Diana and Steve turn to see him make a run for it
51) 0) text: Diana follows Steve into an ASSEMBLY HALL, where an unruly group of men, MILITARY LEADERS and MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT, shout down SIR PATRICK MORGAN (40s), kindly faced, a CANE at his side. Diana gazes across the hall like a tourist.
51) 1) dialog: Stay here. Diana nods -- a beat -- then she proceeds to follow Steve down the aisle, running her hand across the rows of chairs, nodding and smiling to the dumbfounded men staring at her.
51) 6) dialog: (to Darnell; urgent whisper)
51) 8) dialog: (to the Colonels)
51) 10) text: Phillip! Phil! Darnell turns, amazed to see Steve there -- alive! Steve nods toward the door, then realizes the room has gone silent. Every eye in the hall is fixed on Diana, the only woman in a room that doesn't allow women. Diana, oblivious, looks up at Sir Patrick.
51) 12) text: Our only aim at this moment -- must be to achieve peace at any cost. The crowd GRUMBLES again, about a woman's presence there as much as Sir Patrick's rhetoric. Steve takes Diana's arm and leads her out of the auditorium, Darnell follows.
51) 15) dialog: That's why they won't let him speak.
51) 18) dialog: (shakes his head "no")
52) 0) text: An agitated and embarrassed Colonel Darnell makes his way to Steve and Diana, glancing at others watching him. Colonel Darnell makes his way to Steve and Diana.
52) 2) dialog: (to Darnell)
52) 4) dialog: We need to get it to Cryptography. And I need an immediate audience with the Generals --
52) 17) dialog: (over)
52) 18) text: Prince, Diana Prince. We... she and I... we work together. She helped me get this notebook here. From Maru's lab -- Steve presents the notebook. Sir Patrick takes it, understanding the implications immediately.
52) 20) text: I suggest we assemble the war cabinet so they can tell us more. Darnell hesitates, then nods.    Steve and Diana grateful for the assist --
54) 0) text: Steve, Darnell,   Sir Patrick, GENERAL DOUGLAS HAIG, and the BRITISH WAR   CABINET crowd in a room, walls full of MAPS and PHOTOS   of LUDENDORFF and DR. MARU (before her metal implants)   and the notebook. A TERRAIN MAP in the center. Diana stands near the door watching, LISTENING.   She walks to the wall of PHOTOGRAPHS.
54) 6) text: Who is this woman? Darnell glares at Steve.   He'd like to know that, too.
54) 7) dialog: She's my... secretary. Having learned what a secretary is, Diana doesn't like being called one.
54) 13) dialog: She's a very good secretary.
54) 24) dialog: (alarmed; to Generals)
54) 32) dialog: Sir, I saw   this gas with my own eyes. All    the men on the front line could   die on both sides unless you   --
54) 35) dialog: Pull the troops out. Send me in. With some strategic support, I could take Ludendorff and his operation out myself.
54) 37) dialog: But, General -- Before Steve can argue further, Sir Patrick speaks up --
54) 43) dialog: Yes, sir.    I understand, sir. Diana blinks, confused, astonished, disappointed.
54) 45) dialog: (warning)
54) 49) dialog: She's with me.     With us.
54) 52) dialog: Diana. Enough. (to Haig)
54) 55) text: All of you. Diana storms out.    Steve and Sir Patrick exchange a loo
55) 0) text: Diana leaves the War Office in a rage.      Steve follows
55) 1) dialog: Diana, wait!
55) 7) dialog: Because there was no chance of changing his mind! Listen to me --
55) 10) dialog: (shouting)
55) 13) dialog: Diana, I'm a spy. That's what we do. Now are you coming or not?
55) 15) dialog: (speaking the truth)
55) 17) text: And we're probably going to die. Steve's surprised that last part came out.    Diana's skeptical.
55) 22) dialog: (keeps speaking the truth)
56) 0) text: Steve and Diana move towards a shady PUB.    Diana squint doesn't like the look of this place.
57) 0) text: Diana follows Steve into the seedy, dimly-lit pub. She gets a look at its rough `n tumble clientele and frowns.
57) 2) dialog: Relatively good.
57) 6) dialog: Which Prince was that? (grabs Sameer)
57) 14) dialog: Sameer.   This is Diana. Diana studies the man with suspicion. And rightly so. He, meanwhile, is infatuated with her, all charm and smiles.
57) 17) dialog: Sameer's a top undercover man. Can talk the skin off a cat in as many languages as you. Diana speaks Spanish.
57) 26) dialog: Where's Charlie? Sameer points at TWO MEN FIGHTING: a huge BRUISER beating the hell out of a smaller, younger man. Diana looks at the Bruiser and nods approvingly.
57) 28) dialog: That's not Charlie. The Bruiser lands a blow that knocks the smaller guy off his feet. Steve winces, nodding at the smaller guy.
57) 29) dialog: That's Charlie. The two GRUNT at one another in Scottish slang, but the Bruiser sees Charlie's got friends -- and quickly leaves. The surprisingly cheerful CHARLIE (30s) gets to his feet.
58) 0) text: Diana, Steve, and Sameer sit with bruised Charlie, Scottish and deeply drunk. A WHISKEY GLASS in each fist.
58) 1) dialog: All right, Charlie?
58) 9) dialog: Charlie here's an expert marksman. (off her look)
58) 21) dialog: Two days tops. We need supplies and passage to Belgium --
58) 32) dialog: We're dropping her off at the front.
58) 50) dialog: I assume you're here to stop us.
58) 57) dialog: If there is another weapons facility, find it and destroy it. Along with Ludendorff and Maru. A dark understanding passes between them.    Sir Patrick nods.
58) 60) text: Run the mission, sir? He slides an envelope to Steve.
58) 63) dialog: Thank you, sir. Diana turns to Steve.
58) 65) dialog: I'll take you to the front, but I can't make any promises about finding `your friend' any more than I can Santa Claus.
59) 4) dialog: Train leaves in a few minutes. But Diana is engrossed with the joy around her. Steve looks around at what she's seeing, then back at her a beat longer than he would expect. Diana watches a MAN and his DAUGHTER walk away from an ICE CREAM VENDOR, eating an ICE CREAM CONE. Steve spots her eyeing the girl eating, curious.
59) 5) dialog: Hungry? Diana nods, smiling. Steve buys TWO ICE CREAM CONES. Hands her one. She examines it, delighted.
59) 7) dialog: It's ice cream. Diana tastes it -- her eyes go wide, the best thing she's ever tasted in her life.
59) 9) text: You should be very proud. Steve pulls her away, sheepishly smiling and nodding at the confused vendor.
59) 10) dialog: Forget the countries or the territory or the Generals. (looks around)
61) 0) text: The train sits at the top of Dover Docks. Its STEAM engulfs HUNDREDS OF ALLIED SOLDIERS disembarking, among them, Diana, Steve, Sameer, and Charlie. The new recruits are jubilant, singing "It's A Long Way To Tipperary" as they walk toward the waiting STEAMSHIP. Steve checks his watch again --
61) 1) dialog: We've got to get a move on.   Chief won't wait.
61) 3) dialog: Smuggler.   Very reputable. Diana looks at the ragtag team Steve's assembled, shakes her head.
61) 5) dialog: Careful, I might get offended.
61) 7) dialog: I went undercover and pretended to be something else, I shot people on your beach, and I smuggled a notebook. Liar, murderer, smuggler. (beat)
61) 8) text: You still coming? Diana's confusion only grows as Steve LEADS a reluctant Diana and the group away from the soldiers, down a different path.
62) 3) dialog: In this war?   Every kind.
63) 2) dialog: Chief! He embraces Steve, then nods and smiles to Sammy and Charlie.
63) 13) dialog: She found me.
63) 15) dialog: (waving Diana to stop)
63) 17) dialog: British tea for the Germans. German beer for the British.
63) 22) dialog: Edgar Rice Burroughs novels for both sides.
63) 25) text: It's not even very good beer. Charlie's the only one that doesn't seem to mind. Steve looks at a MAP.
63) 26) dialog: Ludendorff was last seen at the front -- (points on the map)
63) 29) dialog: As soon as we have daylight, we move. I'll take first watch.
64) 0) text: Charlie FAST ASLEEP -- along with Steve and Sameer, around the fire. Chief is heating cans of food. Diana turns to RUMBLING in the distance.
64) 18) text: His people. Before Diana can ask more about that, Charlie suddenly starts to murmur, suffering through some kind of terrible nightmare. Diana watches until -- Charlie CRIES OUT, waking himself and Steve and Sameer. Diana reaches out to Charlie, compassionately --
64) 27) dialog: You're going to get cold.     Here.
67) 0) text: DIANA, CHARLIE, SAMMY, and THE CHIEF follow STEVE down a MUDDY ROAD in the woods, the SOUNDS OF BOMBS in the b.g. Diana takes in the bleakness of the world. A cluster of villagers runs past. Fleeing from something. A BABY cries in its mother's arms. Diana stares -- hears SCREAMS ahead. IN A DITCH on the side of the road, TWO HORSES pulling a CART OF MUNITIONS (that has tipped) are stuck in the MUD. A SOLDIER whips the horses, trying to get them out.
69) 2) dialog: You wanted me to take you to the war. This is it. The front lines.
69) 14) text: We need to help these people. Steve looks across no man's land, shakes his head.
69) 15) dialog: We need to stay on mission.
69) 23) dialog: There's nothing we can do about that.
69) 25) dialog: This is no man's land, Diana. It means no man can cross it. This is the worst point on the entire front. This battalion has been here for nearly a year and they've barely gained an inch because on the other side are Germany's deadliest soldiers. Pointing machine guns at every square inch of this place. This is not something you can cross. It's not possible.
69) 27) dialog: We are doing something. We can't save every person in this war. Besides, it's not what we came here to do. She steps away from the group, turning away from them. Steve thinks she's upset. But when Diana turns back to Steve, he sees her face of determination, wearing --
69) 31) dialog: 
70) 7) dialog: She's drawing their fire!   Let's go! Steve and his team climb over the trench, leaving the hesitant British soldiers behind!
71) 0) text: Diana and the team reach the village, taking cover as they're fired upon. Diana looks to Steve --
71) 2) dialog: Go! Diana jumps onto the wall of a building, springing off it, SMASHING through a WINDOW of another building -- the source of more gunfire!
73) 0) text: -- the soldier falls onto the street -- where we FIND Steve, Sameer, Charlie, and The Chief following Diana's trail. They watch as ANOTHER SOLDIER is thrown out of a window, then they round a corner -- and find themselves pinned down by gunfire. The Chief hands Steve a grenade -- he tosses it, blowing up the nearby shooters. As they continue to fight their way into Veld --
75) 0) text: -- Diana lands on a nearby rooftop. Steve watches her run across it as he and the team head deeper into Veld, all in the same direction. Suddenly, Steve and the boys are pinned down from gunfire by a TANK. Charlie motions to a walkway between two buildings in front of the tank. The Chief throws a grenade -- Charlie shoots it, causing it to explode! The walkway falls, blocking the tank. Steve and the team make it to the center of the village to find a TANK surrounded by DOZENS OF SOLDIERS. Sammy throws more grenades, but it's not enough. The tank has them pinned down -- until -- Diana rushes the tank, BARRELING into its side like a bull -- the tank is thrown end-over-end across the town square! The soldiers react in shock.
75) 5) text: Diana tosses the German soldiers around like rag dolls. A German has Steve in his sights until -- Diana races in, breaking the German's gun and sending him to the ground. She takes out several soldiers around Steve. Diana continues to block bullets while Steve fires -- they work side-by-side, until -- BANG! The German in the bell tower starts firing down at them. The team scatters, trying to help the villagers. Steve motions up --
75) 6) dialog: Bell tower. Diana sees the SNIPER at the top of the bell tower. Steve motions to Charlie --
75) 7) dialog: Charlie! Charlie pulls out his rifle, AIMS UP -- peering through the site. But he's shaking. Sweats. Sameer watches as Charlie FIRES!
75) 13) text: Bloody scope... lens is cracked. But the lens looks fine. Steve tries to take a shot at the bell tower, but he can't do so without exposing himself to the shooter.
75) 15) dialog: There is if you jump!
76) 0) text: A PHOTOGRAPHER takes a DAGUERROTYPE of Diana, Steve, Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief standing in the village. FLASH. The photograph sees our team imbuing a sense of pride and accomplishment. Steve's face is turned towards Diana's, with a look of something more than admiration. Moments later, Diana walks with Sameer. They look back at Charlie, head hung low, shaken. Charlie fumbles with his flask, dropping it.
77) 0) text: Diana comes in to find Steve behind the front desk of the inn, on the TELEPHONE.
77) 1) dialog: (into telephone)
78) 2) dialog: Have you found Ludendorff's operation?
78) 4) dialog: German High Command? SIR PATRICK enters the room, overhearing...
78) 9) dialog: Actually, that gala's perfect cover --
78) 13) text: You shouldn't be worried about upsetting the peace accord. Ares would never let that happen... Steve motions her to please stop talking about "Ares." Then Diana, a terrible realization.
78) 14) dialog: What is it?
78) 16) dialog: Ares?    You mean Ludendorff. She turns and look at Trevor.
78) 19) dialog: Sir, this is our chance to find the gas and learn how Ludendorff plans on delivering it. Maybe our only chance. Our last chance --
78) 24) dialog: I'm sorry, sir, you're breaking up.
79) 0) text: The tables are crowded with VILLAGERS and all the food the Germans left behind. Beer flows. Tea lights twinkle. A FEMALE PIANIST plays, singing as couples dance. The atmosphere is warm and jovial. Diana and Steve stand at the edge of the crowd, unable to put the urgency of their mission aside and join in. Sameer approaches them with two tankards of ale.   Steve waves them off.
79) 1) dialog: Drinks later, Sameer. I need you to rustle up me a German uniform. Sameer puts the ale in front of Steve and Diana despite his protest.
79) 4) dialog: (agrees)
79) 6) dialog: It has hints of different flavors, if you look for them. Steve and Diana drink in unison.    She nods, seems to li it better.
79) 10) dialog: You did this.
79) 12) dialog: You have dancing on `Paradise' Island?
79) 14) dialog: Interpretive?
79) 17) dialog: Excuse me?
79) 19) dialog: You're not going to the gala.
79) 21) dialog: Because you don't know how to dance, for one thing.
79) 23) text: I would argue that they don't know how to dance. Steve finally smiles and moves out onto the floor to join her. He takes her left hand and moves his arm around her waist. It's the first time they've touched. Which they're both keenly aware of.
79) 28) dialog: That's kinda the point.
79) 30) dialog: It's a snowfall.
79) 32) dialog: You're right. Diana rests her head on Steve's shoulder. Steve can't remember loving anything as much as this feeling.
79) 34) dialog: This and other things.
79) 39) dialog: I don't know.    They... make breakfast.
79) 41) dialog: Read the newspaper. Go to work -- (carefully)
79) 44) dialog: No idea. But something in his eyes tells Diana he'd like to find out. Diana thinks she might, too. Steve pulls her in closer. She looks deep in his eyes.
79) 46) dialog: (wistful)
80) 0) text: Steve lays Diana gently down on the bed, brushing her hair from her neck and KISSING IT. Diana's eyes are wide and shocked by the ELECTRICITY of those LIPS ON HER SKIN. She looks up at him, runs her hands through his hair and pulls him to her, mouth-to-mouth, the most perfect, passionate FIRST KISS ever. ... Steve's TICKING WATCH on the nearby nightstand.
81) 0) text: The morning sun looks brighter to Diana than normal. She smiles, turns to see the team, Steve dressed in a GERMAN UNIFORM. They're rounded up with HORSES.
81) 8) dialog: (to team)
81) 12) dialog: There's no more money, boys. Sameer pets his horse with a smile.
82) 0) text: Diana leads the men on HORSEBACK. They trail behind. Diana turns, smiles, unaware Steve's just told them all about her.
82) 5) dialog: You're not their type.
82) 7) dialog: It's true... every word.
82) 12) text: You don't really believe all this rubbish, do ye? Steve wishes he does, but deep down he doesn't...
83) 0) text: Through the trees, still on HORSEBACK, Diana and the team see the WELL-GUARDED fortress that is German High Command. Steve uses FIELD GLASSES to survey the scene. Chauffeured LIMOUSINES go through a HEAVILY-GUARDED CHECKPOINT at the gate, behind it, a long line of cars delivering well-dressed GUESTS to the ENTRANCE of the chГўteau, a SINGLE SENTRY stationed there.
83) 1) dialog: How the hell are we gonna get in?
83) 6) dialog: It won't look at all suspicious when I come sauntering out of the woods on foot --
83) 8) dialog: You're not going in.     It's too --
83) 10) dialog: I know how to do stealth -- been doing it my whole life. I'll follow them to wherever they're working on the gas or better yet find out where it is.
83) 15) dialog: (beat)
83) 18) dialog: Diana, what you're wearing doesn't exactly qualify as `undercover.'
83) 21) dialog: (to Diana)
83) 24) dialog: You can't go into German High Command and kill anyone! You have to trust me, Diana. Suddenly, a gleaming, ROLLS-ROYCE LIMOUSINE pulls into the forest, The Chief in the driver's seat.
83) 25) dialog: (to The Chief)
83) 29) dialog: (pointedly)
84) 3) text: Steve... Steve in the back, decked out in his GERMAN UNIFORM.
84) 6) dialog: And your head's empty! He wants my invitation, you idiot!
84) 14) dialog: Keep the car running, Sahib.   And no joy riding. Sameer smirks, bows. Steve heads to the chГўteau, watching him bowing and blessing to Germans. Steve shakes his head as he enters...
85) 0) text: Diana, her cloak concealing her armor, watches from the shadows as Steve disappears inside. Frustrated, she searches the exterior of the chГўteau for another way in, but she's distracted by the insistent HONKING of a CAR HORN behind her. Diana turns to find a stunning, exquisitely dressed woman, FAUSTA GRABLES (30) in an extraordinary gown, leaning over her driver and honking the car's horn in a futile attempt to get the traffic moving again.
86) 0) text: Steve walks up the stairs, spotting the KAISER at the head of the RECEIVING LINE atop them. Ludendorff is next to him, talking intensely to Dr. Maru. As much as they try not to, people can't help but stare at Maru.
86) 8) dialog: (to Maru)
86) 9) text: Excuse me. Maru turns to face Steve, holding TWO GLASSES OF CHAMPAGNE -- he offers her one.
86) 12) dialog: No, but I've been watching you. Following your career, I mean. You're Dr. Isabel Maru. The most talented chemist in the German Army. I'm a fan. Steve keeps one eye on Ludendorff.    Maru notices.   He covers --
86) 13) dialog: I hope I'm not crossing a line.    I hear you and General Ludendorff are very close.
86) 15) dialog: (flirting)
86) 21) dialog: A man who would show you the appreciation a genius like yourself deserves. Maru stares into the fire, captivated.
86) 22) dialog: I love fire, don't you? It's like a living act of entropy. The ultimate weapon of destruction, reminding us that, in the end, everything returns to the ash it once came from. There's something reassuring about it. (stares into Maru's eyes)
86) 23) text: I see all of that in your eyes. Maru can't help but stare back deeply into Steve's eyes, surprised to find her heart racing. For a brief moment, she's unsure of what she's feeling.
86) 24) dialog: Perhaps you could show me what you're working on. I hear it's extraordinary. Steve's about to get the answers he needs when -- DIANA, in Fausta's gown, MAKES HER ENTRANCE, at the top of the stairs -- her uniform underneath, the GODKILLER peeking out from the back of her dress, the hilt looking like a piece of JEWELRY. Heads turn at the stunning Amazon. Steve's completely torn, does he stay and gets his answers from Maru -- or stop Diana from getting to Ludendorff? Maru makes the decision for him --
86) 47) text: Enjoy the fireworks. Just as he turns his back on Diana, she reaches for her SWORD. She's about to draw it when -- Steve gets between them, facing her! He pulls Diana away from Ludendorff, taking her hand -- dancing with her as cover.
86) 49) dialog: You agreed to wait.
86) 51) dialog: You can't kill Ludendorff inside German High Command. The Armistice won't be signed.
86) 53) dialog: What if you're wrong, Diana?    What if there is no Ares?
86) 56) dialog: I can't let you do this.
87) 1) dialog: Diana! Diana starts running towards it when -- the sound of a MISSILE launching from the guardhouse. Then another. And another.
87) 2) dialog: The gas. Their eyes follow the PATH OF THE MISSILES -- she understands, horrified, see the target is --
88) 7) dialog: It was Ludendorff.
88) 10) dialog: Wherever he goes you follow him. Steve chases after Diana!
89) 2) dialog: Diana. Diana walks out to see -- Steve arrive, dismounting. Diana points at Steve, her blisters HEALING before his eyes.
89) 5) dialog: Diana, I'm sorry --
89) 10) dialog: (reaching out for her)
89) 15) text: But I see the truth now. It isn't just the Germans that Ares has corrupted. It's you, too. It's all of you. Steve is rattled --
89) 17) text: I will find Ares and I will kill him. Steve sees a TRAIL OF SMOKE in the sky in the distance.
89) 18) dialog: It's a signal from The Chief. They followed Ludendorff -- Diana rides off in a fury.
89) 19) dialog: Diana?! Steve starts to get his horse, then sees an abandoned MOTORCYCLE on the road into town and changes his mind.
91) 0) text: Steve avoids the security post, tearing through the woods.
92) 0) text: The last wash of sunlight FADES as NIGHT takes over. Diana rides on horseback through the countryside at amazing speed -- driven, possessed by rage. She heads towards Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief -- who are all at a FIRE Chief has set, used to create the SMOKE SIGNALS. He points to the top of a hill. She rushes past them and up the hill! Cresting the hill, we see an AIRFIELD -- she heads down towards it. Steve isn't far behind her, racing past the team!
96) 13) dialog: Diana! Steve is on the balcony below.
96) 14) dialog: Diana? Relieved she's okay, Steve sees Ludendorff's body on the edge. Diana turns to him, lost...
96) 16) dialog: Right... Then we've got to do something about it. She leaps down to Steve, eyes wide with shock.
96) 18) dialog: Diana, I'm sorry... I know you thought -- I hoped it, too -- but I knew --
96) 20) dialog: That it might not be that simple.
96) 25) dialog: Because maybe people aren't... just good, Diana. Ares or no Ares. Maybe it's... just them. She looks out at them. The truth slowly sinking in as she tries to understand -
96) 27) dialog: Diana, sometimes people are complicated -- Diana's disbelief begins to turn to anger.
96) 29) text: That's why she left. They don't deserve our help. Steve knows they're out of time.
96) 30) dialog: It's not about whether they deserve it or not. It's about what you believe. You think I don't get it? All I've seen out there? I wish I could tell you that there was one `bad guy' to blame. Maybe we're all to blame. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't try to do better. (beat)
96) 32) dialog: If we don't, they're going to kill thousands more.
96) 37) dialog: (beat)
96) 39) dialog: Please. We gotta go... (beat)
96) 40) text: I have to. It kills Steve to release her hand, but he has no choice. He has to. He does and can only look back, hoping she'll follow. Diana's left alone, everything she ever believed in destroyed. She watches as Steve runs off --
97) 0) text: Steve joins the team as they arrive and regroup --
97) 3) dialog: We're on our own. Despite their hesitation and confusion about that, the team follows Steve towards the hangar --
98) 0) text: Diana takes in a breath, SMELLS the CHEMICALS in the air, HEARS the sounds across the AIRFIELD -- she has become hyper aware of the harshness of the world around her. Diana turns, seeing a FIGURE THROUGH the windows looking at Ludendorff's plans. For a brief moment, she thinks it's Steve.
99) 0) text: Steve and the team regroup, taking cover behind a hangar, Charlie scanning the area with his scope.
101) 0) text: Steve and the team put on GAS MASKS and JACKETS pulled from a handful of UNCONSCIOUS SOLDIERS they leave behind as they creep around the hangar to the plane. Steve and the team blend in with the crew working on the plane.
102) 0) text: Sameer boards the plane while Steve moves to the front wheel, trying to get a better look at the plane's position. The Chief spots soldiers examining a MAP just inside the hangar. As they walk away, The Chief sneaks in --
109) 0) text: Steve tries to pry open a panel on the plane, looking for a way to sabotage it somehow -- when a German soldier approaches Steve, suspicious. The German is about to yell when -- THUMP! Charlie lowers the butt of his rifle onto the German. Steve nods in appreciation then -- notices a CHILL as the wind starts to rise. Steve looks over, his face grows tense -- DR. MARU approaches the plane for inspection with MORE SOLDIERS. They retreat to the shadows!
113) 0) text: A DEAFENING explosion erupts across the airfield, demanding everyone's attention! It's overwhelming and chaotic, putting the soldiers in panic mode: They're under attack! Steve and the team react, unable to see what caused it, retreating to the shadows to find out --
113) 5) dialog: Sammy, let's go! Dr. Maru turns to A THREE-MAN CREW -- PILOT, CO-PILOT, and the BOMBARDIER. She calls out --
115) 0) text: Steve and the team race across the airfield, searching for cover.
117) 0) text: Steve and the team take cover behind SEVERAL CRATES.
120) 0) text: Hidden behind the crates, Steve and the team remove their masks and see Diana and Sir Patrick battling! Steve reacts to Sir Patrick levitating!
120) 2) dialog: There's not much we can do... if that's what I think it is.
120) 3) text: Steve looks to the plane.
120) 4) dialog: But we can stop that plane.
122) 2) dialog: No, if it crashes, it'll wipe out everyone for fifty square miles. We gotta ground it.
122) 4) text: Steve looks over at Diana then the plane -- and he realizes what he has to do...
122) 5) dialog: Is it flammable, Chief?
122) 7) dialog: I need you guys to clear me a path to that plane.
122) 10) text: But Steve is already running towards it.    The team go into action!
124) 0) text: Steve sees Diana smashing across the airfield.    He rush to her side! The team watches as the truck moves the plane forward. Charlie aims his gun -- shooting straight into the engine! The truck SMOKES and HALTS, the plane stopped for a brief moment as -- Steve helps Diana up -- He starts to talk, but Diana's ears are RINGING.    She c see him, but not hear him.
125) 0) text: Steve talks to Diana, but her ears are still ringing.
125) 10) dialog: I have the plane.
125) 12) dialog: You destroy the lab!       Go! The team hesitates for a second, looking at the hangar --
125) 14) text: If we go in there, we're not coming back. They share a look -- and then go anyway -- Steve leaps onto a ladder on the wing of the bomber, climbing up as the plane moves down the runway.
126) 0) text: On the WING, Steve pulls himself to the DOOR, opens it. Steve's confronted by the BOMBARDIER as he enters. They grapple, Steve throws him out!
128) 0) text: Steve fights with the BOMBARDIER, throwing him out of the plane.
130) 0) text: Steve moves deeper into the bomber to the PILOT and CO- PILOT. The CO-PILOT gets UP, pulling his GUN. The pilot cautions him, motions to the GAS BOMBS --
130) 2) text: The co-pilot nods, puts his gun away -- spots another weapon. The co-pilot rips a FIRE HATCHET off the wall, swinging it hard. Steve dodges the hatchet -- then slams his fist into the co-pilot, sending him back against the
139) 0) text: In the cockpit, Steve uses all his strength to fight the G-FORCE pulling against his body --
143) 0) text: Steve breathes, flying the plane high. He looks back at the burning factory, LAUGHS... soars higher into the air... then he looks back at the GAS BOMBS filling the plane. Steve pries his GUN from his holster, pointing it backwards towards the GAS BOMBS.
144) 0) text: Diana is suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling -- almost otherworldly -- a connection -- to Steve -- absolute dread on her face --
145) 0) text: STEVE'S jaw is set, determined.    He shuts his eyes... thinks of Diana... and then --
146) 25) dialog: (from far away)
146) 31) dialog: Diana!   I have to go.
146) 33) dialog: No. It has to be me. I can save today, you can save the world. (beat)
146) 36) dialog: I love you. Diana looks down in her hands at Steve's watch. END FLASHBACK.
148) 0) text: The rain washes away the blackened smoke from the sky, DAWN breaking through the clouds. Diana looks around, the soldiers rousing, as if they were waking up from a nightmare, the better side of man returning. They pull their gas masks off. Dr. Maru has vanished. Diana gazes out over the battlefield, looking at the team, the Germans -- the last of the ASH swirling around her as the SUN RISES. The sunlight hits Diana's face... Diana looks at Steve's watch -- it's finally stopped ticking.
149) 6) text: Steve did that. Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief, cleaned and scrubbed and wearing suits, join Diana and Etta.
149) 13) text: I don't think so. Etta stops in front of a recently erected wall of WAR MEMORIAL PHOTOGRAPHS. Steve looks dashing, happy, and very much alive. Diana's already fighting tears.
150) 5) text: So I stay and I fight and I give for the love I know can be. This is my mission now. Forever. Diana takes Steve's watch from her pocket, turns it over in her hand twice, feels its smoothness. The watch has stopped -- and has been stopped since the moment Steve died. She places the watch beside the photograph. AT HER COMPUTER: Diana is typing an e-mail, BRUCE WAYNE's name the recipient: "Thanks for bringing him back to me." Just as Diana presses SEND, a news alert pops up on her screen. A fire has broken out in a downtown building, people trapped.