63) 1) dialog: You're late. THE CHIEF (30), a bright-eyed Native-American, steps to the fire, dropping more WOOD into it. He smiles.
63) 8) dialog: Who is this? Chief extends a hand to shake. Diana grabs his wrist in a manner not unlike the Amazons. Chief responds, grabbing hers back, seemingly familiar with the gesture. Both Diana and Steve are surprised. Chief speaks his
63) 10) dialog: Niitangio, Napi. And Diana understands.
63) 12) dialog: Where did you find her?
63) 24) dialog: (whispering to Diana)
63) 28) dialog: Then it's another day to safely cross it.
64) 2) dialog: German seventy-sevens. (off her confusion)
64) 8) dialog: (points out)
64) 11) dialog: I don't fight.
64) 13) dialog: Nowhere better to be.
64) 15) dialog: I have nowhere else and no side left. The last war took everything from my people. We have nothing left. At least here, I'm free.
64) 17) dialog: (motions to Steve; almost casually)
64) 26) dialog: He sees ghosts. Steve takes a BLANKET --
67) 0) text: DIANA, CHARLIE, SAMMY, and THE CHIEF follow STEVE down a MUDDY ROAD in the woods, the SOUNDS OF BOMBS in the b.g. Diana takes in the bleakness of the world. A cluster of villagers runs past. Fleeing from something. A BABY cries in its mother's arms. Diana stares -- hears SCREAMS ahead. IN A DITCH on the side of the road, TWO HORSES pulling a CART OF MUNITIONS (that has tipped) are stuck in the MUD. A SOLDIER whips the horses, trying to get them out.
69) 16) dialog: (nods to Steve)
73) 0) text: -- the soldier falls onto the street -- where we FIND Steve, Sameer, Charlie, and The Chief following Diana's trail. They watch as ANOTHER SOLDIER is thrown out of a window, then they round a corner -- and find themselves pinned down by gunfire. The Chief hands Steve a grenade -- he tosses it, blowing up the nearby shooters. As they continue to fight their way into Veld --
75) 0) text: -- Diana lands on a nearby rooftop. Steve watches her run across it as he and the team head deeper into Veld, all in the same direction. Suddenly, Steve and the boys are pinned down from gunfire by a TANK. Charlie motions to a walkway between two buildings in front of the tank. The Chief throws a grenade -- Charlie shoots it, causing it to explode! The walkway falls, blocking the tank. Steve and the team make it to the center of the village to find a TANK surrounded by DOZENS OF SOLDIERS. Sammy throws more grenades, but it's not enough. The tank has them pinned down -- until -- Diana rushes the tank, BARRELING into its side like a bull -- the tank is thrown end-over-end across the town square! The soldiers react in shock.
76) 0) text: A PHOTOGRAPHER takes a DAGUERROTYPE of Diana, Steve, Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief standing in the village. FLASH. The photograph sees our team imbuing a sense of pride and accomplishment. Steve's face is turned towards Diana's, with a look of something more than admiration. Moments later, Diana walks with Sameer. They look back at Charlie, head hung low, shaken. Charlie fumbles with his flask, dropping it.
81) 5) dialog: A gracious gift.
81) 10) dialog: You would get lost without us.
83) 2) dialog: The way in is through the gate.
83) 4) text: Thank you, Chief, for that ancient tribal wisdom, that's very helpful. The Chief gets off his horse, hands the reins to Sameer, then wanders off into the forest. Charlie looks through his scope:    several guards at the gate, but only one at the door.
83) 27) dialog: Field over there is full of them.
88) 3) dialog: What did they fire?
88) 13) dialog: I know how.
92) 0) text: The last wash of sunlight FADES as NIGHT takes over. Diana rides on horseback through the countryside at amazing speed -- driven, possessed by rage. She heads towards Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief -- who are all at a FIRE Chief has set, used to create the SMOKE SIGNALS. He points to the top of a hill. She rushes past them and up the hill! Cresting the hill, we see an AIRFIELD -- she heads down towards it. Steve isn't far behind her, racing past the team!
102) 0) text: Sameer boards the plane while Steve moves to the front wheel, trying to get a better look at the plane's position. The Chief spots soldiers examining a MAP just inside the hangar. As they walk away, The Chief sneaks in --
111) 0) text: The Chief examines the map, horror covers his face when he sees the plane's target: LONDON.
122) 6) dialog: Yeah, she said it was hydrogen? It's flammable.
125) 6) dialog: Don't shoot!     The whole thing could go! The plane's blades start SPINNING! The team fights the airmen around it, clearing the path Steve asked them to.
134) 0) text: The team moves out across the lab, The Chief setting
149) 6) text: Steve did that. Charlie, Sameer, and The Chief, cleaned and scrubbed and wearing suits, join Diana and Etta.