7) 7) dialog: That's fine, Bennett. I won't need you until four tomorrow. .
7) 13) dialog: Tomorrow, Bennett. Now get.on home before your parents start to worry.
7) 16) dialog: Everything tomorrow. He CLICKS on the radio and listens a moment, then cocks his head around as if he has heard something. He shuts off the MUSIC and strains to hear. Silence. Then a slight RUSTLING SOUND, a SCRAPING ... . Father Malone quickly hides the whiskey bottle behind him. FATHER MALONE. Hello? Silence.
7) 17) dialog: Bennett? No answer. Then WHAM! An object falls on the desk with a tremendous CRASH, right IN FRONT OF CAMERA! Startled, Malone jumps back. :
7) 23) dialog: He looks at the bottle and the ‘radio, then glances over at the table.
7) 25) dialog: He looks up from the table.
7) 27) dialog: He stands up on his tip-toes and peers into the hole. Then he reaches inside. cLO SEUP - BOOK . Malone's hands pulls out an old, leather-bound book, rotted with moisture yet still intaet. He ope: opens it, On the first page we read:
7) 29) dialog: 1880 Over the radio the MUSIC ends and Steve's low, dusky voice returns. (CONT'D)
35) 8) dialog: Mrs. Williams ... I have something to show you... . 91° “EXT. ANGLE ON DECK - SEA GRASS - DAY WHAM! Two feet land on the deck of the Sea Grass. CAMERA PANS UP to reveal Nick having just jumped from the Isabell Two which bobs in ocean right beside it. Elizabeth stands beside Ashcro==.
36) 0) text: Kathy and Sendy sit at one end of a long table listening to Father Malone, seated at the other end, read from the Journal of Father Patrick Malone. His hands tremble slightly as he reads. :
36) 1) dialog: (reading) December 9. Met with Black this evening for the first time. He stood in the shadows to prevent me from getting a clear look at his face. What a vile disease F this is! He is a rich man with a cursed condition, but this does not prevent him from trying to better his situation and that of his comrades at the colony.
42) 0) text: 10z 102 103 Kathy is completely engrossed in what Father Malone is reading. :
42) 1) dialog: Cannot sleep. My mind is filled with the truth of the abominarion that myself and my conspirators plan. : April 1l. The 12 of us met tonight. From midnight until one o'clock we planned the death of Blake and His comrades. I tell myself that Blake's gold will allow the church to be built and our small settlement to become a township, but it does not soothe the horror that I feel being an accomplice to murder.
45) 1) dialog: April 12. The deed is done. Blake followed our false fire and his ship broke apart on the rocks off Spivey Point. We were aided by an tmearthly fog that rolled in as if Heaven sent, although God had no part in our actions tonight. Blake's gold will be recovered tomorrow, but may the Lord forgive us for what we nave done. Father Malone closes the journal. There is ‘a long silence.
45) 4) dialog: Our celebration tonight is a travesty. We honor our founding fathers. . . we honor murderers! cur TO: 117° «EXT. ‘ISABELL TWO - DAY We see the Sea Grass receding from us as the Isabell Two pulls away. CAMERA MOVES DOWN to Baxter's sheet- covered body on the deck, then UP TO Elizabeth staring shakenly at the corpse. Nick is on the two-way radio.
45) 19) dialog: I have been haunted for years by nightmares. Not dreams exactly. More like memories . . . of that might a hundred years ago, almost as if I inherited my grandfather's memory. His black corruption is in my blood . .
45) 21) dialog: They were lepers!
45) 24) text: ‘ CONTINUED Father Malone points to the hole in the stone wall.
45) 25) dialog: My grandfather tried to hide his sins in the walls... When was this?
45) 26) dialog: Last night.
45) 28) dialog: It was just after micaigar, what does it matter . Suddenly a thought strikes Father Malone.
45) 30) dialog: And the same time the conspirators met a hundred years ago. There is a silence.
45) 32) dialog: This town has a curse on it .
45) 39) dialog: We're all cursed, Mrs. Williams. All of us... . Kathy and Sandy jusc look at him for a moment, then at each other, and then the two women quietly leave the church study.
132) 0) text: The church is dark, lic only by the flickering candles on the altar. Father Malone stands staring out one of the front windows holding an almost empty bottle of liquor as they rush inside. Nick SLAMS the door and eae Ee The group moves over to Father Malone at the
132) 3) dialog: There . .
133) 2) dialog: We can't hide from it. No matter where we go it will find us.
137) 4) dialog: We are cursed, all of us here.
137) 7) dialog: It's in there. :
140) 2) dialog: It can do us no good now.
144) 8) dialog: There was a young woman who lit the bonfire at Spivey Point.
144) 14) dialog: They came back for the twelve original conspirators, and we're going tc die in their. place. Suddenly the rear window of rhe study SHAITERS! A shape starts through into the room! (CONT'D)
144) 19) dialog: "My fellow conspirators believe that the confiscated fortume has been stolen from them, when ‘in fact I am the thief and God's temple is the tomb of gold." Father Malone drops the journal and rushes to the hole in the wall. He grasps the slab below and pulls. “The Slab moves!
144) 20) dialog: Help me! Kathy rushes over. Together they pull at the stone slab. It finally gives way and falls to the floor. In the large opening behind the slab is a huge wooden . chest! qr To:
146) 0) text: SNAP! The top of the chest swings open revealing thousands of gold coins. Suddenly the filing cabinet surges backward. A ghostl hand thrusts in and grabs Sandy's hairl She ScREAMS t starts to pull her througal Nick, Elizabeth and Kathy beat at the hand but it has her. The hand pulls Sandy up between the cabinet and the window sill. Nick nolds on to ner legs. Father Malone drags the chest to the door,
146) 1) dialog: I can stop them! He quickly unlocks the door and opens it. The others struggle at the window with Sandy and don't see him. He pushes the chest through the door and steps out. (CONT'D)
146) 5) text: Don't go out there! Father Malone closes the door behind him. Andy grabs the doorknob and tries to open it.
147) 0) text: Father Malone holds the door shut. He looks out into the church sanctuary. . Pov - CHURCH SANCTUARY It is filled with fog. As the fog GLOWS we see the ghosts moving slowly toward us.
147) 1) dialog: 
147) 2) dialog: Blake! Take back your gold! With his foot his gives the chest a push.
147) 4) dialog: 
147) 5) dialog: Blake . Father Malone releases his hold on the door and rushes forward into the sanctuary. The door opens and Andy steps out.
147) 11) dialog: It was my grandiacher who stole your forzune! Ir's me who mst ‘answer for him! Take me, Blake! Take me for the twelve! Blake aaa at him with glowing red eyes. Then suddenl cabs Father Malone around the neck eck and Tits are oz= his feet.
149) 2) text: ‘POV - SANCTUARY CAMERA PANS the sanctuary. The fog, the ghosts, and the gold aze gone! Only Father Malone's charred body remains. : CUT To: