29) 5) dialog: . . the mayor and his wite are to be picked up at five forty-five and brought to the mayor’s box. As Rathy walks Sandy follows writing notes on a legal pad
29) 6) dialog: At exactly six o'clock the band will begin playing "The Star Spangled Banner" and the flag will be raised. Then we will have speeches by me, the mayor and the sheriff, ‘Then we will pass out the candles and begin the procession. Then I will go home and pass out! Rathy stops in front of the covered statue.
29) 7) dialog: I'm almost afraid to look. She lifts up the cloth. Underneath is a bronze statue of ‘the Elizabeth Dane hitting the rocks. KATHY (CONT' Dy Not bad, not bad at all.
29) 9) dialog: Sandy, just be civil to me for another five hours, that's all Task. It's my project and if it falls apart it's my... She pats her ass. Sandy nods. (CONT'D)
29) 13) dialog: Did you order the candles. God, what a thought! A candlelight procession with no candles.
29) 15) dialog: Did you get all the promotional material over to Steve at the lighthouse? 1 1
29) 17) dialog: You may be a very annoying person, Sandy, but you're an excellent assistant.
30) 0) text: Kathy and Sandy get in. Kathy starts the car and pulls , away from the curb.
30) 1) dialog: If I can just get through the speeches without yawning... ‘I couldn'c sleep last night.
30) 3) dialog: No. Al went out on his boat yesterday and didn't come home. He still isn't back. And on top of that at twelve o'clock on the nose my dog started barking and didn'c scop uncil six this morning. 7 (CONT'D)
30) 7) dialog: Last night? :
30) 12) dialog: My dog? Nothing.
30) 14) dialog: He was facing the ocean and growling. What does that tell you? My dog goes crazy and decides to bark at the ocean.
33) 0) text: Kathy's Cadillac pulls up the driveway of the stone church. ,
33) 2) dialog: {voice over) . Look at this place. 8s. 89 “INT. CADILLAC - DAY
33) 3) dialog: Well, I'm announcing it now. ‘This is my nex= project, the restoration of the cemetery: It's historical. Our ancestors are buried here. ; Kathy pulls to a stop.
34) 0) text: Kathy and Sandy get out of the car and walk to the rear .door of the church. Kathy glances over at the cemetery.
34) 1) dialog: Get me an estimate ready for the council meeting next month.
34) 3) dialog: Sandy, you're the only person I know who can make "yes m'an" sound like "screw you"! . They stop at the door and Kathy rings the bell.
34) 4) dialog: (under her breath) If you could just say a quick prayer asking that he not be in his cups. She tries to knock on the door but the pressure of her hand swings the door wide open.
35) 0) text: Kathy and Sandy step inside. It is almost totally dark. The only light that seeps in the huge sanctuary is from the stained-glass windows. ;
35) 1) dialog: Father Malone... Hello... Silence. ; KATHY. (louder) Father Malone. ' Her voice echoes throughout the church.
35) 3) dialog: You try down the hall. Sandy walks off down a hallway. Kathy walks out into the church and stands for a moment, trying to see in the semi-darkness.
35) 4) dialog: Father Malone ... "Suddenly Father Malone steps out of the shadows of a colum Text to her and touches ner | shoulder. Katny™
35) 6) dialog: Jesus! Oh, I'm sorry, Father Malone. . Then she sees his face.
35) 7) dialog: _ Are you alright? Malone’ s hands are shaking. He tries to control chem.
36) 0) text: Kathy and Sendy sit at one end of a long table listening to Father Malone, seated at the other end, read from the Journal of Father Patrick Malone. His hands tremble slightly as he reads. :
42) 0) text: 10z 102 103 Kathy is completely engrossed in what Father Malone is reading. :
45) 20) dialog: I admit that this puts a little different light on things, but you're taking this too far. We inherit nothing but a name from our ancestors. Now I don't want this up in lights on a marquee but I don't assume the blame. They wanted a town. Your grandfather wanted a church .
45) 23) dialog: Please, Sandy, you're not helping us out here. (looks at Father Malone) Where did you find this? (CONT'D)
45) 31) dialog: ‘ Well, it's getting late and there's mothing we can do about this, absolutely nothing. Now are you going to participate tonight, Father?
45) 34) dialog: (to Sandy under her breath) Maybe it's just as well. (te Father Malone) We're leaving. Will you be all right, Father? (CONT'D)
45) 38) dialog: I'm going to call Doctor Thayden and have him come over. Father, I really think that you're taking this all too seriously.
50) 0) text: A group stands around in an awkward silence: Nick, Elizabeth, Asheroft, the SHERIFF of Antonio Bay, Sandy and finally Kathy, looking shaken. There is MUSIC from a radio in the background.
50) 2) dialog: I understand. Thank you, sheriff,
50) 4) dialog: No thank you. ’ There is a ROAR of APPLAUSE from outside. The sheriff moves to the door. ‘ (CONT'D)
50) 8) dialog: It's fumny, Sandy, but the only thing I can think about is ny dog barking all night last night and me wishing ... (she breaks down into tears) . Al would come home. Sandy puts her arms around Kathy. Kathy sobs a moment, then breaks away and dries her eyes with a handkerchief.
50) 11) dialog: Thank you, Sandy, but I think that's exactly what I should do. She turns and looks at Nick.
59) 0) text: Kathy is in the middle of her speech. She is managing to hold herself together.
59) 1) dialog: . . .and all of us living here in Antonio Bay today owe a great debt of gratitude to those men and women a hundred years ago who struggled and fought and sacrificed to make this town grow and prosper into what it is today. APPLAUSE from the crowd. Below the speaker's platform we see Nick and Elizabeth slip out of the tavern, jump into Nick's tzuck and pull away from the square.
82) 0) text: As Kathy continues her speech we see the BARTENDER from the tavern step up on the speaker's platZom and whisper something in the sheriff's ear.
82) 1) dialog: . . . and all of us need to redouble our efforts and work together. We have a vital, thriving commmity and I say we've got to keep it that wayl (CONT'D)
92) 1) dialog: . . . and as we make our way across the park for the unveiling of the statue, I think we should all keep in mind the significance of this night for every citizen of Antonio Bay. The crowd in the bleechers light up their candles.
95) 0) text: All the lights in the tavern, surrounding buildings, streetlights, everything is cut. There is a flickering glow from the fifty or so candles. Kathy, the mayor and the other dignitaries are confused.
95) 1) dialog: (into her mike) We should all proceed . She realizes it doesn't work so she steps to the edge of the platform.
95) 2) dialog: (shouting) We should all proceed over to the statue. Single file. Please, don't push. Take your time. The crowd starts filing out of the bleechers. The mayor steps up next to Kathy.
115) 0) text: The candlelight procession moves slowly through the park pasc che now un-veiled statue of the Elizabeth Dane depicted crashing on the rocks. Kathy, Sandy and the mayor stand watching the crowd slowly move by as the sheriff walks up to them.
115) 2) dialog: Why?
115) 4) dialog: Ten minutes and everybody will have seen the statue. Just ten minutes.
115) 11) dialog: A little annoying, but you're right, Sandy. If areal I'd like to go home. And I'd like you to stay with me.
121) 0) text: Kathy’s Cadillac moves along the darkened street.
122) 0) text: Sandy drives. Kathy sits staring out of the window.
122) 2) dialog: Sure. Sandy CLICKS on the radio.
122) 4) dialog: What's that?
123) 1) dialog: Sandy . Sandy brakes to a stop.
124) 2) dialog: Sandy, back up!
131) 0) text: The Cadillac SCREECHES to a stop. Kathy and Sandy get our and huddle with Nick, Elizabeth and Andy in the beam of the headlights. (CONT'D)
131) 3) dialog: Te cur us off!
131) 5) dialog: Right behind us, coming up the drive!
132) 1) dialog: Father Malone...
133) 3) dialog: We have to try! Andy peers out the window. (CONT'D)
134) 3) dialog: There's a study in the back with only one door. I'11 show you the way. The group starts toward the rear of the church. Father Malone remains at the window staring out in fascination. Nick curms and rushes back to him. He grabs the priest, takes the bottle out of his hand and pulls him along with the others.
137) 3) dialog: It's in the journal.
137) 6) dialog: Where is it? ; Father Malone almost has a smile on his face as he points to the door to the sanctuary.
144) 3) text: at 290 ° CONTINUED Kathy looks at Zlizabeth.
144) 4) dialog: (quiecly) Al's dead, isn't he? Sandy steps next to Kathy and puts her arm around her.
144) 13) dialog: And the six of us makes twelve!
144) 17) dialog: Wait a minute! Listen to this! : (reads from the journal) “Were it possible to raise the dead I would return Blake's fortune to him, almost intact save the money spent on these stone walls that hide it." Father Malone takes the journal from her and reads.
144) 18) dialog: They didn't use all the money! They built the church and hid the rest of it!
146) 0) text: SNAP! The top of the chest swings open revealing thousands of gold coins. Suddenly the filing cabinet surges backward. A ghostl hand thrusts in and grabs Sandy's hairl She ScREAMS t starts to pull her througal Nick, Elizabeth and Kathy beat at the hand but it has her. The hand pulls Sandy up between the cabinet and the window sill. Nick nolds on to ner legs. Father Malone drags the chest to the door,
151) 0) text: Nick, Elizabeth and Andy, and Kathy and Sandy step out of the church. They look out over the town.
152) 0) text: Kathy goes over to her car and turns on the radio. We hear Steve's voice. STEVE . (ever radio) . . . and I can see car headlights moving on thestreets again. Locks like the power's on again from Main Street to the Scottsville Road... Nick bends down to Andy.