50) 0) text: A group stands around in an awkward silence: Nick, Elizabeth, Asheroft, the SHERIFF of Antonio Bay, Sandy and finally Kathy, looking shaken. There is MUSIC from a radio in the background.
50) 1) dialog: Kathy, the Coast Guard's been out for about half an hour. Now they're gonma cover the area pretty good, so, ah, really all we can do is wait.
50) 3) dialog: I'll be in constant contact with their cutters and I'll keep you up-to-date. Now is there anything else I can do for you .
50) 6) dialog: I gotta go, I'm up next. He walks out of the tavern. Sandy steps up to Kathy and touches her arm.
82) 0) text: As Kathy continues her speech we see the BARTENDER from the tavern step up on the speaker's platZom and whisper something in the sheriff's ear.
84) 0) text: The sheriff walks through the front door and heads for the pay phone at the rear of the tavern. He lifts the receiver and inserts a dime. cuT TO:
86) 1) dialog: Hello . . . hello?
87) 1) text: Sheriff Simms... ? She presses the cradle down, trying to get a dial tone. Nothing. The phone is dead. Cur To:
115) 0) text: The candlelight procession moves slowly through the park pasc che now un-veiled statue of the Elizabeth Dane depicted crashing on the rocks. Kathy, Sandy and the mayor stand watching the crowd slowly move by as the sheriff walks up to them.
115) 1) dialog: I'm sorry mayor, Mrs. Williams, but we're going to have to break this up. .
115) 3) dialog: The power should have been on by j ge now, Eddie’s got a portable radio in the tavern and we've been listening to Steve Wayne over at the lighthouse. She's been broadcasting for the last twenty minutes abour some kind of trouble down at the beach, something about her son, Whatever it is, I think it's bese that everybody go on home unrcil I can find ouc wnac's going on.
115) 5) dialog: Alright. Let's get 'em through and call it a night. ; The sheriff moves to the procession and begins urging people to move faster. Tne mayor turns to Kathy.