0) 0) text: DON drops fromthe first floor bathroom window, | andi ng soft grass. He j unps to his feet and starts to run. As he does so, he | ooks back over his shoulder, and sees his horror - - ALICE S face at the bedroom wi ndow. 12. She is screaming. And a beat Iater, she is viciously pulled sideways by an unseen force, out of vi ew.
0) 3) dialog: Suddenl y JACOB is dragged backwards, pulled under the wa by an unseen force. DON scranbles for his feet, yanking at the engine’s start cord. The engine kicks into life - - as |NFECTED run down the jetty, into the water - and JACOB, now! NFECTED, | unges back out of the water, to be caught in the propeller bl ades. The water churns red as the BOAT suddenly pushes forwards and powers away. DON | ooks back to the shore, tears streaming down his fa sobbing, raging over the noise of the engine... And sees the shadowed figures of the | NFECTED al ong the riverbank, and the silhouette of the COTTAGE behi nd. 10 13.
2) 0) text: Q the flat rooftop a tall building in London, a soldier looks up to see the plane pass overhead. He holds a SN PER S rifle, cradled in his arns. Q his forearmhe has a special forces tattoo. This is DOYLE. Twenty five years-old.
4) 0) text: A DOCKLANDS LI GHT RAI LWAY (DLR) TRAINis transporting th arrivals through London. They are driving towards the |SLE OF DOGS - clean, angul structures of glass and concrete.
6) 1) dialog: (choked wth eroti on) | thought |’ d never see you again. They HUG each other tightly. But as they do so, they are suddenly and brightly |_LLUM by a stark VATE LI GT. They | ook around, to see the lenses of several TELEVI SI pavers pol nting at them and the strobe of phot ographer’ ash bul bs. And at the head of the group of JOURNALISTS is GENERAL ST He turns to the journalists.
6) 12) dialog: Wat do! do? | keep the heating on, the water running, the lights bur ni ng. He pulls out a HUGE RING O KEYS.
6) 13) dialog: See this? No door is |ocked to ne. | have access to all non-nilitary areas. | basically run the place!
6) 15) dialog: (grins) Yeah. Pretty much. 27 20.
6) 17) dialog: The roomis enormous and luxurious. ANDY goes to the wndow and |ooks out. The view across London is spectacular. you like it?
6) 21) dialog: (laughs) No. This is only tenporary. We'll be allocated a new house in a couple of months.
6) 23) dialog: Yes. | hope you understand - we aren't going to be able to back to our old hone. It’s outside the security zone, and anyway... |’m not sure |’d want to go back even if we could. Silence. Then:
6) 25) text: ANDY (cont' d) You said you couldn't tell us over the phone. It had to be when ve were together. DON takes a deep breath.
6) 26) dialog: Qkay. Why don’t we sit dow.
6) 28) dialog: VWé were holed up in a house. Seven of us, doing what we could to stay alive. The attack cane on the sixth day. They came through the kitchen window... (beat ) They trapped us in the bedroom They caught her. She was bitten. | sawit. | couldn't... He breaks off. Along beat - on DONS FACE. Then:
6) 29) dialog: She was already infected. (beat ) | tried to go back for her.
6) 32) dialog: But it was too late. There was not hing | could do. He locks eyes wth his kids, each in turn. Tears are rolling TAMW’S face. ANDY is blank.
6) 33) dialog: (qui et ) | managed to get away. Got toa military camp. Since then - you know t he SNR 28 29 22. DON (cont' d) | was stuck in the quarantine zone, working wth the reconstruction effort. Waiting for ny children to cone hone. Si | ence.
6) 39) dialog: I’ ve got to say, one thing about this place is that the foodis pretty good. TAMWY moves ahead to the SALAD BAR JASON is serving on the other side.
6) 53) dialog: (fri endl y) | know whoo you are. You run the medical team He extends a hand. 24.
6) 54) dialog: Don. Section officer for the Hotel. And these are ny kids. Tamry and -
6) 59) dialog: Anything | can get you fromthe hotel, just let me know” WM fanily have a lot to thank you for. If you hadn’t lifted the quarantine, my kids would still be in a Spanish refugee canp. A moment on SCARLET - a sudden sense that this issue is somewnat | oaded for her.
6) 67) dialog: Safe - apart fromthe karaoke.
7) 0) text: A football match between a group of the kids in DISTRICT ANDY is anong them A TALL CHAI N-LI NK FENCE (the boundary of District Me) s as a goal. Qe the other side we can see the abandoned city that exis out side District Me.
8) 31) text: - ANDY wakes wth a jolt froma nightmare. LNT. LONDON H LTON TAMW’ S BEDROOM - Ni GHT 41 The door to TAMW’ S bedroom opens.
14) 0) text: TAMW drives, wth ANDY riding pillion. She has to swerve around obj ects strewn across the road: shopping trolleys and random abandoned i tens.
21) 5) dialog: Wat did you to it?
21) 8) dialog: Yeah.
21) 10) dialog: Yeah.
21) 12) dialog: Wat ?
21) 27) dialog: I... can’t explainit. | thought... no, | was sure - He breaks off.
21) 28) dialog: Look, | don’t understand what’ s happened. But - it’s good. | mean, that’s the point isn’t it? Minis alive! But this doesn’t seema nonent for celebration. It seens weird. Scary. 74 75 44.
21) 30) dialog: They’ !| be interviewng her. They did it to me. They do it to all survivors. It just takes a little tire.
21) 33) dialog: 
21) 60) dialog: Alice... ALICE opens her eyes and turns to him staring blankly.
21) 61) dialog: ... |[’msorry. |’mso sorry. | thought there was nothing | could do. | should never have run. | should never have left you. ALICE’ S eyes seemto cone alive at his words...
21) 62) dialog: Please. God, please. Forgive ne. ALICE smiles. 81 82 83 48.
21) 122) text: - who is running fast towards ANDY. ANDY hasn’t seen the | NFECTED JASON bearing down on him Instead, he has seen a man - one of the RECEPTION STS fro the hotel - standing in the door of what used to be a off bl ock, and is now used as a DEPOT for distributing bl an and toiletries to the district one inhabitants. Qher CIVILIANS are running into the door of the abandoned shop, sheltering fromthe gunfire and chaos on the street. The RECEPTIONIST shouts, beckoning to ANDY:
21) 183) text: DOYLE (cont' d) You’ re going to run, fast as you can, across the street to that doorway. You zig-zag, right? And you don’t stop for anything.
24) 0) text: ANDY waits for DOYLE and the others. te’s panting hard, o of breath. Then - as if sensing sorething, he raises his head and tu | ooking dow the darkened street behind him And sees - - at the far end of the street, a couple of blocks away.. a figure, in moonlight. DON And DON is staring back towards his son. 117 118 119 70. The norent is strange, al nost hall uci nogenic. And is broken by - - DOYLE. Beside ANDY. Lifting his rifle, to get a shot at DIN But by the time he has his eye to his sight... DON has gone. DOYLE | owers the rifle.
28) 1) text: He hits the ground, extremely hard. Hs legs are obvious! y smashed in several pl aces. But he is still alive. Just. 149 150 80. Gasping, blinking, staring upwards. As INTOHS FIELD O VISION - - An | NFECTED APPEARS. It’s DON And behind himare nore infected (Note: one of themis the BURNED | NFECTED WOVAN in the next sequence). A beat. DON st ares down wth his red-gl azed eyes. Then his lips pull back over his teeth, and he | unges downwar ds. Qver the RECEPTION ST’S pitiful SCREAM - CUT TO BLACK.
29) 0) text: From the POV of FLYNN S HELI COPTER the sun rises over a panoranic vi ew of London. The vision is apocalyptic. Streets are strewn wth corpses smoke and fire.
30) 0) text: DON is watching. Wé see ANDY, TAMW, DOYLE, and SCARLET making their way dom a street. They | ook oddly like a family, wth the tw adults and two chi! dren. Suddenl y, DOYLE freezes.
31) 41) text: Sat on the platformis the abandoned train from which the dead passengers nust have fl ed. He is thi gh-deep in the tangle of bones.