3) 6) dialog: Interesting iris vari ation. PULL BACK to reveal that ANDY and TAMW are inthe Cty Airport baggage hall, in which the plane passengers are queuing for medical checks.
3) 7) dialog: It’s usually hereditary. (in response to Andy’s bl ank expr essi on) Do one of your parents have the same?
3) 9) dialog: Véll, your blood pressure is A okay. Negative on any seri ous diseases or afflictions. So l’d say you’ re okay to cone in. Wel cone back to Britain.
6) 51) dialog: (amused) Looks like you’re settling in okay. DON and TAMW have appeared behind ANDY, wth their ow trays.
6) 52) dialog: (introducing herself ) H. I’m Scarlet.
6) 55) dialog: Andy. Vé’re acquai nt ed. SCARLET indicates the enpty seats at their table.
6) 57) dialog: So don’t just stand there. Keep ne conpany. They all sit.
6) 58) dialog: You guys don’t know how good you’ ve got it here. The arny canteen food is terrible. | sneak into the civilian sector whenever | can.
6) 60) dialog: It wasn’t actually me who lifted the quarantine, but...
6) 62) dialog: It’s very rare that viruses sinply die. They're like us - they try to stay alive. They sometimes becone dormant, or mutate. (beat ) But in this case, we think the virus has almost certainly eradicated itself. Ina way, it was a victimof its own success. ( MORE)
6) 63) text: 30 31 32 25. SCARLET (cont' d) It destroyed its host faster than it could spread.
6) 65) dialog: Yes. It’s safe.
8) 8) dialog: Every tire we increase the si ze of the civilian popul ation, we exponentially increase the difficulty of containrent.
8) 11) dialog: As far as we know. But we don’t fully understand the virus yet.
8) 14) dialog: Then sir - maybe we should take the issue out of a political arena.
8) 16) dialog: Wat if it comes back?
8) 18) dialog: 
21) 15) text: PULL BACK to reveal ALICE sits in a roomin the MED CENTER W see that ALICE S hands and feet are strapped to the cha on which she sits. Facing her, on the far side of the room is GENERAL STONE two ARVED SOLD! ERS. SCARLET sits in front of ALICE. She is wearing somewhat inti mi dating-| ooking clothes: gloves, a surgical gown, mask. The two wonen regard each other for a few nonents, then SCARLET pulls her face-mask down.
21) 17) dialog: (to Alice) | apologise for these precautions. It’s standard protocol when dealing wth survivors... ALI CE says nothing. 42. !t is clear fromher manner that there is something det ac about her. Something disturbed. The nightmare of the /ast twenty eight weeks have taken a huge psychol ogical tol!.
21) 18) dialog: though we haven’t had to do it for awhile. Infact, the last survivor we came across was nore than three nonths ago. Still no response from ALI CE.
21) 19) dialog: Can you tell me anything about how you have managed to keep your sel f alive for all this time? Sil ence.
21) 20) dialog: Do you know of any other survivors? (beat ) Q have you cone into direct contact wth the infect ed? Sil ence.
21) 21) dialog: (qui et ) Qxay. SCARLET opens a small medical kit and produces a HYPODERM NEEDLE. For the first time ALICE reacts, watching her...
21) 22) dialog: I’ mj ust going to take a blood sanple. It won’t hurt. SCARLET rolls up her sleeve, and swabs an area of skin. Then she breaks off, suddenly still. Above the area of skin she is preparing, there is a clear recogni sable scar on ALICE'S arm A BITE MARK. SCARLET | ooks back at STONE. He’s seen it too. 72 73 43. STONE nods discretely. SCARLET puts the needle into ALICE S arm- very carefully and starts to draw bl ood. And as the hypo fills wth the bright liquid, ALICE finall speaks.
21) 39) dialog: There’s no question, sir. She's been bitten. She’s got the virus. She’ s inf ected.
21) 41) dialog: Short answer: | don’t know.
21) 43) dialog: It’s total specul ation.
21) 45) dialog: A genetic abnormality, which gi ves her sone kind of natural immunity. (beat ) In a way, it’s to be expected. Very few viruses are one hundred percent effective. Even wth HV, there is evidence of Ugandan prostitutes who are immune to the Aids virus. But...
21) 46) text: SCARLET breaks off.
21) 48) dialog: ... in those cases, the host body wll manifest its immunity by destroying the virus. This is different. The virus is still in her blood and saliva. Technically, she’s not i mune. (beat ) She’s a carrier.
21) 50) dialog: Yes, sir. Absolutely. LNT. UNDERGROUND CAR PARK - Ni GHT 76 DON steps out of the lift into an empty underground car p He crosses it quickly, heading towards a - LNT. SHORT SERVI CE CORRI DOR - Ni GHT 77
21) 52) dialog: Wat are you doi ng? GENERAL STONE slides out the MAGAZINE, checks it, then sl it back hone.
21) 54) dialog: But, sir - this is an exceptional case! If this woman has natural immunity, she is incredibly valuable. Her blood could contain the key to a vaccine, or evena cure!
21) 58) dialog: Sir - please! W need tire to study her! Wé need to run tests!
21) 74) dialog: (ur gent ) Are either of you hurt? ANDY and TAMW - traumatised - shake their heads.
21) 76) dialog: (har d) Yes. It’s back. LNT. MEDI CAL CENTER’ CORRI DOR - Ni GHT 86 SCARLET | eads the two terrified kids down a corridor tow a stairwell. As they run, they pass an UPENDED SHARPS BIN, which has strewn scalpel bl ades and hypodermic needles across the floor.
21) 77) text: 87 88 52. Beyond the shimmering bl ades and needles are the corpses TWO | NFECTED, spraw ed, shot by SCARLET.
21) 79) dialog: (har d) Just follow ne. She bundl es themthrough a door on to the stairs. LNT. MEDI CAL CENTER’ STAI RVELL - Ni GHT 87 SCARLET, ANDY AND TAMWY go down the stairs. People from o floors join themtrying to find the way out. LNT. MEDI CAL CENTER’ LOBBY - Ni GHT 88 SCARLET, ANDY and TAMW exit the stairs into a scene of chaos. SOLDI ERS are gathering Ci VILIANS in the LOBBY, shouting orders, and herding themtowards a DOOR that leads dom to t he UNDERGROUND CAR PARK...
21) 81) text: SCARLET and the two kids are immedi ately caught up in th tide of people rushing towards the DOOR
21) 82) dialog: (yell ing) Hol d on to ny hand! SCARLET grabs ANDY and TAMW, so tight she is almost crush their hands - and w realise she is attempting to | ead th two kids AGAINST the flow - towards the FRONT ENTRANCE of
21) 85) dialog: These kids are wth ne!
21) 87) dialog: | know what it is! She tries to barge past the SOLDIER pulling ANDY and TAMW wth her - - and as he tries to stop her, the tide of people yank AN f rom SCARLET’ S grip.
21) 137) dialog: It makes total sense. It’s Code Red. Sil ence.
21) 139) dialog: Aut omatic three-step process, follow ng the discovery of an infected human. Step one, kill the infected human. If the infected human has already spread the virus, step two. Containment. Seal off the infected area. And if containment fails, step three. Ext erm nati on. (beat ) That means oa yone- 62. SCARLET (cont' d) Those that are infected, and those that can be infected. Looks like we’ re already at stage three.
21) 141) dialog: (cuts in) This virus wped out an entire nation. They're not in a mood to take chances.
21) 148) dialog: Wo are you?
21) 150) dialog: Shoul dn’t you be at your post? Why aren’t you obeying orders? 99 100 63.
21) 154) dialog: There’s less shooting. Maybe they’ ve got it under control.
21) 174) dialog: 
24) 2) dialog: Qver there! ... and start running towards the PEDESTRIAN UNDERPASS t SCARLET has poi nted out. Above themis a COLOSSAL roar of noise, as the bonber j et pass DI RECTLY overhead.
26) 10) dialog: You didn’t answer ny questi on. About why you left your post. DOYLE shrugs.
26) 13) dialog: Thei r mother’s bl ood had soret hi ng pretty special about it. A natural ability to suppress the virus. In the distance we can see the light of the fires follown the bonbing raid. The sight is oddly beautiful.
26) 14) dialog: If the ability was genetic, that woul d mean the blood of one or both of themcould contain the sane thing.
26) 17) dialog: | don’t know. Not all genetic traits are hereditary, and even if they are, they can skip generations, or vanish altogether. But it’s a possibility, and that makes their lives more val uabl e than mine. (beat ) Q yours. Wé have to keep them alive at all costs. DOYLE nods sl owy.
27) 0) text: ANDY, TAMW, SCARLET and DOYLE run across open space, away fromthe GREEK TEMPLE. As DOYLE turns to drop another | NFECTED, CUT TO - EXT. FLYNN S HELI COPTER - Ni GHT 147 ope jRECEPT! ON ST desperately tries to hold on to the | skids - - as the HELI COPTER rises still higher. And suddenly his grip fails, and he FALLS. Vé DROP wth him away fromthe noise of the HELI COPTER, suddenly in relative silence, just a rush of wd noise. Then -
30) 0) text: DON is watching. Wé see ANDY, TAMW, DOYLE, and SCARLET making their way dom a street. They | ook oddly like a family, wth the tw adults and two chi! dren. Suddenl y, DOYLE freezes.
30) 3) dialog: Wat is it? From an | NTERSECTI ON ahead, tendrils of WH TE SMXE have appeared, drifting down the cross-street.
30) 4) dialog: (very al armed) Is that gas?
30) 14) dialog: Ther e! She poi nts to the rusted hulk of a | ong- abandoned PI C TRUCK. The tyres are flat, and it is half mounted on the paverrent .
30) 16) dialog: (shout s) Inside the truck! NOW