0) 7) text: During this, Monroe and Ada have arrived, escorted by SAL SWANGER, a local woman, middle-aged, kindly, and her husb ESCO, a glorious curmudgeon. The Monroes are introduced t various locals. Inamn watches them, on the other side of crowd. The Reverend Monroe, his daughter Ada. Up from  Charleston, bringing God's word to you heathens! Is Esco' preferred introduction. Building a church. Inman watches  Ada, moves his head to keep her in view as Swimmer stitch and winces with pain.
0) 9) text: Sally collects plates for the Monroes. Hands them to Ada her father, who wait, patiently, for silverware. Esco tak a plate, picks up a skewer of meat, bites on it. Monroe  pluckily follows suit.
4) 76) text: And he turns and joins the other men gathering round the  tables for lunch. Ada watches him, intrigued. Rourke and approach ESCO SWANGER, a known sympathizer with the North to give him a bad time.
4) 78) dialog: I prefer a Yankee to a halfwit.
4) 79) text: Inman arrives just as Rourke points a warning finger at E He pushes the finger down to get by. Esco continues:
4) 80) dialog: What is it you think you'd be fighting  for?
4) 82) dialog: And what's that when it's at home?
4) 83) text: Esco's sons, ELLIS AND ACTON, who're working at the other end of the building, have now arrived at the table.
4) 85) dialog: No.
4) 87) dialog: You cut the wood, you carry the water  for good old King Cotton. Now you  want to fight for him. Somebody has  to explain it to me.
4) 107) dialog: That's Teague and his boys. I'd  recommend you kick them out except a  man don't kick a snake. One time the  Teague family owned the whole of  Cold Mountain. My farm, your farm,  all belonged to his grand-daddy.  Teague wanted this place bad. You  got it. He's here sniffing out an  advantage.
4) 151) text: TEAGUE AND HIS MEN COME RIDING UP THE STREET, their horse clearing a path amongst the celebrating crowd. Teague rei in his horse and rides it up against Esco Swanger.
4) 153) text: Inman steps between Esco and Teague, holding the reins of Teague's horse, easy and dangerous.
5) 34) dialog: Will you look at the state of this  place!
5) 36) text: During this a ROOSTER, black and gold, struts into the  boxwood. As the rooster approaches, Ada shudders, tries t shoo it away without alerting her presence. Ada peers thr the boxwood as Sally and Esco close the gate and recede. rooster comes at her again. She rises up, kicking out at while he flares his wings, spurs flaying at her. Ada runs from the boxwood, tormented by the triumphant rooster, wh continues to fly and scratch, driving her into the house.
6) 11) dialog: That your daddy's coat?
6) 13) dialog: Don't suit you.
6) 15) dialog: I can't get up to your place this  week. (of Sally) She's mad at me --
6) 17) dialog: -- more than I can do to keep this  place half-managed. I'm ready-to  stop, I tell you. I just want to sit  on my porch with Sal, watch my boys  in the field, holler good job! every  hour or so.
6) 20) dialog: And waiting on a feller.
6) 22) dialog: Look down our well. (Sally's disgusted  with him) She should! Look down our well with  a mirror, you'll see the future.  S'what they say. (to Sally) You do it! Don't make that face.
6) 30) dialog: See anything?
10) 315) dialog: Don't spread out. Why they spreading  out?
10) 317) text: Esco comes over the rail fence, his gun loose in his hand
10) 319) dialog: There's a war on.
10) 321) text: He starts to fish out a tobacco pouch. Esco's gun swings Teague shows him the leather pouch, shrugs, starts to mak cigarette.
10) 324) dialog: Get off my land.
10) 327) dialog: Ain't seen my boys in four years.  They're fighting other boys, not old  men and women.
10) 329) dialog: What I gotta give you? A chicken? A  lamb?
10) 331) dialog: Right then.
10) 335) text: Esco is momentarily distracted and, in that instant, Mo k out at him, knocking the gun from his hands, which fires  into the air, a shocking sound.
10) 345) text: Mo backs away. Sally is screaming. She watches, helpless, Esco dies in front of her, the sheet growing a darker red