1) 17) dialog: Now Prisoner 24601.                                      Your time is up And your parole's begun. You know what that means?                               
1) 19) dialog: No! It means you get                                     Your yellow ticket-of-leave. He hands Valjean a folded yellow paper.
1) 20) dialog: This badge of shame You'll show it everywhere. It warns you're a dangerous man.                        
1) 23) dialog: You will starve again Unless you learn the meaning of the law.
1) 25) dialog: Five years for what you did, The rest because you tried to run. Yes, 24601!
1) 27) dialog: And I'm Javert! Do not forget my name. Do not forget me -
21) 1) text: At the end of the day you're another day older And that's all you can say for the life of the poor. It's a struggle! It's a war! And there's nothing that anyone's giving. One more day standing about - What is it for? One day less to be living. Javert sees the destitution of the people. Expressionless as ever. BEGGARS' CHORUS                                 
22) 2) text: Javert looks round at the factory buildings, the boats in the harbour, the poor clamouring behind him, and rides on
25) 24) text: Now come on, ladies, settle down. I run a business of repute. Suddenly Valjean sees Javert appear on the first floor balcony of his office. His world drops away. VALJEAN
25) 41) text: M'sieur Mayor, help me! I have a child! Valjean hears the cry, but he has other concerns. He turn round to face Javert. Javert stares at him. On the factory floor below, the Foreman hustles Fantine out, as she struggles against him.
26) 0) text: Javert bows. JAVERT
26) 1) text: I introduce myself, Inspector of Police. I've come to take the watch I'm here to keep the peace. Please know me as Javert. I'm here at your command With honour due to each. With justice in our hands No man's beyond our reach. Let all beware. VALJEAN
26) 2) text: Welcome, sir Come guard our laws I'm sure we're here In common cause. Javert turns to look through the high window onto the men factory floor below. The last men are leaving for the day JAVERT
26) 6) text: The dignity of toil To stay alive. Javert is puzzled. He's sure he recognises Valjean, but from where? JAVERT
27) 0) text: Valjean and Javert hurry out across the factory yard and down the muddy track beyond to discover - A heavily laden cart has toppled onto the cart driver - Fauchelevent, the worker seen before taking a rest on a crate. The   cart driver and the Foreman are trying to lift the off   the crushed man, but it's too heavy, and the ground too   soft. Fauchelevent screams as the cart slowly sinks the   mud. Valjean, Javert and Javert's assistant all hurry to help, but they can't get a proper purchase in the spongy ground All the time the cart is sinking further, pushing Fauchelevent deeper into the mud that will soon bury him. Then Valjean sees a way. At one end the wheels of the car have stopped sinking - the ground is harder here. He thro himself under the cart at this higher end, and braces himself to lift it from beneath. VALJEAN
27) 5) text: Can this be true? I don't believe what I see! A man your age To be as strong as you are! A memory stirs...                                     You make me think of a man                            From years ago                                        A man who broke his parole..                          He disappeared.                                       He shakes his head, realising how absurd his suspicions are. JAVERT
27) 7) text: Say what you must. Don't leave it there. Valjean holds Javert's gaze, challenging him to say more. Javert is not yet confident enough to continue. Valjean goes to help Fauchelevent. VALJEAN                                    
34) 11) text: Make your excuse to the police! Bamatabois' friend drags Fantine towards the police. It's Javert. JAVERT
34) 12) text: Tell me quickly what's the story. Who saw what and why and where? Let him give a full description, Let him answer to Javert! In this nest of whores and vipers Let one speak who saw it all. Who laid hands on this good man here? What's the substance of this brawl? BAMATABOIS
34) 13) text: Javert, would you believe it?                        I was walking, it was dark When this prostitute attacked me You can see she's left her mark! He shows the blood. Javert turns to Fantine. JAVERT
34) 14) text: She will answer for her actions When you make a full report. You may rest assured, M'sieur, That she will answer to the court. Fantine is almost fainting with fear, still racked with occasional spasms of coughing. Unseen by her, Valjean is approaching from behind. Javert's assistants pick Fantine up. Javert covers his mouth with a handkerchief as he approaches Fantine. FANTINE
34) 15) text: There's a child who sorely needs me, Please, m'sieur, she's but that high. Holy God, is there no mercy? If I go to jail she'll die.                          JAVERT
34) 18) text: Save your breath and save your tears. Javert indicates to the two policemen to drag Fantine awa Valjean steps out of the shadows. VALJEAN
34) 19) text: A moment of your time, Javert. I do believe this woman's tale. JAVERT
34) 21) text: You've done your duty. Let her be. She needs a doctor, not a jail. JAVERT
34) 22) text: Monsieur le Mayor!                                     Javert looks on, containing his anger, as Valjean reaches out a hand to Fantine. To Fantine, it's as if he's come t her in a dream - FANTINE
34) 34) text: In His name my task has just begun. I will her to the hospital.                              Valjean picks Fantine up in his arms. Javert is quietly coldly furious. JAVERT
34) 38) text: At an inn in Montfermeil... JAVERT
34) 40) text: I will see it done! I will send                          for her immediately!                                     As Valjean and Fantine move away, Javert stares after the then turns and quietly instructs his assistant to follow after them.
35) 0) text: As Javert walks up the steps to his police station his assistant stops him with an urgent letter. JAVERT'S ASSISTANT
35) 1) text: From Paris, Monsieur. Javert seizes it, opens it, and reads. As he reads, his expression changes. Appalled, he realizes he's made a terrible mistake.
36) 0) text: Valjean is at his desk in his office, going through his papers once everyone else has gone, when Javert enters an stands before him. He looks up. JAVERT
36) 2) text: I don't understand. What is this crime, Javert? JAVERT
36) 3) text: I mistook you for a convict, I have made a false report. Now I learn they've caught the culprit - He's about to face the court. Valjean conceals his shock. JAVERT
36) 5) text: You say this man denies it all, And gives no sign of understanding or repentance? You say this man is going to trial, And that he's sure to be returned to serve his sentence? JAVERT
36) 10) text: It's your duty to obey! Javert is about to protest again, but Valjean raises one commanding hand, to indicate his decision is made. Javert gives an abrupt bow, and departs. Left alone, Valjean paces his office, deeply disturbed. VALJEAN
39) 4) text: If you don't believe me ask Inspector Javert. He knows where to find me. The judge goes over to Valjean and gently leads him out. JUDGE                                           
41) 18) text: For God's sake, please stay till I am sleeping... And tell Cosette I love her And I'll see her when I wake... Fantine starts to spasm. She sees something over Valjean' shoulder. Valjean doesn't realise. Her eyes go glassy as she passes away. Valjean then hears the unforgettable voi of Javert behind him. JAVERT
41) 19) text: Valjean, at last We see each other plain! `M'sieur le Mayor' You'll wear a different chain! Valjean stands to face Javert. VALJEAN
41) 20) text: Before you say another word, Javert, Before you chain me up like a slave again, Listen to me! There is something I must do. This woman leaves behind a suffering child. There is none but me who can intercede - In mercy's name, three days are all I need, Then I'll return, I pledge my word! Then I'll return... Javert draws his sword and aims it at Valjean. JAVERT                                      
41) 23) text: Believe of me what you will There is a duty that I'm sworn to do. You know nothing of my life - All I did was steal some bread. You know nothing of the world - You would sooner see me dead. But not before I see this justice done! JAVERT
41) 25) text: I am warning you, Javert, I'm a stronger man by far! There is power in me yet! My race is not yet run! JAVERT                                       
41) 26) text: Now the wheel has turned around - Jean Valjean is nothing now. Dare you talk to me of crime And the price you had to pay. Every man is born in sin Every man must choose his way. Javert disarms Valjean and drives him backwards towards a attic door. You know nothing of Javert! I was born inside a jail. I was born with scum like you. I am from the gutter too. Valjean is pushed through the doors out onto a wooden loading platform beneath a hoist. Below, the walls of the factory lead straight down to the black sea at high tide. Javert is triumphant. Valjean glances down and pushes back, dropping into the darkness of the ocean. Javert goes to jump after him and cannot bring himself to it.
42) 0) text: Javert and various police search the harbourside with lanterns. Valjean, dripping wet, watches from a tunnel under a fact as Fantine's body wrapped in a shroud is dumped on a cart They sing to themselves, continuing their duet without knowing. VALJEAN                                           
42) 1) text: And this I swear to you tonight - JAVERT
42) 3) text: Your child will live within my care - JAVERT
42) 5) text: And I will raise her to the light. JAVERT/VALJEAN
60) 4) text: There's a copper at the door! What the devil have you done? Javert strides into the inn. JAVERT
60) 6) text: She's gone with a gent, Didn't tell us where they went, Didn't leave his home address. JAVERT
60) 7) text: Did you catch the fellow's name? Both Thenardiers shake their heads. Javert stares once, contemptuously, round the seedy inn, and departs without a further word. Thenardier goes to th doorway to watch him leave. MADAME THENARDIER
64) 0) text: Valjean and Cosette turn down a narrow street, no longer hurrying. The narrow street turns, and opens out onto the river. Valjean stops. There, on the other side of the river, in light of a lamp, stands Javert.
65) 0) text: Now Valjean and Cosette are running - down narrow alleys, into small dark courtyards, not knowing which way to turn Whenever Valjean thinks they've thrown their pursuer, the he is, not far behind. And he's no longer alone. With him are a detachment of soldiers. Javert and his team never seem to run. But he's always there.
65) 2) text: Te lucis ante terminum Rerum Creator poscimus Ut pro tua clementia Sis praesul et custodia... Valjean lowers Cosette down into the garden, and drops do after her. Javert and his men enter the dead end to find them gone.
66) 0) text: Valjean crouched low, with Cosette in his arms, holding h still and quiet until Javert is gone. Then he straightens up and looks round. He takes in the sound of singing. NUNS
71) 10) text: (shouts from up the                                street)                                           It's the police! Disappear!                            Run for it! It's Javert!                               The gang spill out into the street to find themselves confronted by Javert now with his men. Marius watches, as does Gavroche, drawn by the rumpus. JAVERT
71) 11) text: Another brawl in the square! Another stink in the air! Was there a witness to this? Well, let him speak to Javert! He sees man with his arm protectively round a girl but do not recognize Valjean as Valjean has averted his face.
71) 13) text: Monsieur, these streets are not safe. But let these vermin beware, We'll see that justice is done! He turns back on the Thenardier gang in the passage. JAVERT
71) 14) text: Look upon this fine collection Crawled from underneath a stone. This swarm of worms and maggots Could have picked you to the bone! I know this man over here, I know his name and his trade. And on your witness, m'sieur, I'll see him suitably paid. He turns back to find Valjean and Cosette gone. JAVERT
71) 16) text: You will have a job to find him! He's not all he seems to be - And that girl he trails behind him She's the child he stole from me! Marius, equally baffled, goes off in search of them. JAVERT
71) 17) text: Could it be he's that old jailbird That the tide now washes in? Heard my name and started running... All the omens point to him. Thenardier, listening, hears this all with great interest So Valjean is a crook like him. JAVERT
71) 21) text: (to himself) Let the old man keep on running I will run him off his feet! (to the crowd) Everyone about your business! (to Gavroche)                                       Clear this garbage off the street! Gavroche is sitting on a horse trough and falls back into when Javert surprises him. He is furious. He sings to Javert's departing back, and t Marius who is close by. GAVROCHE
72) 0) text: WIDE of the Police Headquarters on the Isle de la Cite: a huge bureaucracy. The camera finds Javert standing inside looking out of a door leading onto the roof. As he sings he walks out onto the roof and stands by the symbol of th HQ, a monumental stone eagle. He looks down at the lights reflected in the river below. Then up at the great city. Javert too has a God, and this is his prayer. JAVERT There, out in the darkness A fugitive running Running from God Fallen from grace - God be my witness I never shall yield Till we come face to face - Till we come face to face... He knows his way in the dark Mine is the way of the Lord Those who follow the path of the righteous Shall have their reward And if they fall As Lucifer fell - The flame! The sword! Stars in your multitudes! Scarce to be counted Filling the darkness With order and light - You are the sentinels Silent and sure Keeping watch in the night - Keeping watch in the night... You know your place in the sky You hold your course (more)
72) 2) text: And your aim And each in your season Returns and returns And is always the same And if you fall As Lucifer fell You fall In flame! And so it must be, and so it is written On the doorway to paradise That those who falter And those who fall Must pay the price! Lord, let me find him That I may see him Safe behind bars! I will never rest till then! This I swear This I swear by the stars! Javert stands silhouetted against the stars, his arms raised up to the night sky.
79) 4) text: Must be Javert. He's found my cover at last. I've got to get Cosette away Before he returns. He comes back to Cosette. VALJEAN
87) 0) text: Javert is briefing a hundred uniformed police about the coming day in a grand ornate old room at Police Headquarters. JAVERT
88) 11) text: I will join these people's heroes I will follow where they go. I will learn their little secrets, I will know the things they know. VALJEAN/JAVERT
88) 13) text: Tomorrow you'll be worlds away And yet with you my world has started. JAVERT
88) 16) text: Tomorrow we'll be far away. VALJEAN/JAVERT
90) 3) text: Wait! I will need a report On the strength of the foe. The man who's just arrived looks up. It's Javert. JAVERT
92) 7) text: He's back! Javert, still in his disguise as a rebel, is let back through the guarded `gate' into the barricaded street. JAVERT
92) 9) text: Have faith! If you know what their movements are We'll spoil their game. There are ways that a people can fight - We shall overcome their power! JAVERT
92) 12) text: Good evening, dear Inspector. Lovely evening, my dear! I know this man, my friends. His name's Inspector Javert! So don't believe a word he says Cause none of it's true. This only goes to show What little people can do.                             Guns swing round to aim at Javert. He stares back in defiance. Gavroche comes dancing down the barricade to Courfeyrac's delighted embrace.
92) 15) text: So what are we going to do With this snake in the grass? Enjolras faces Javert. ENJOLRAS
92) 16) text: Tie this man and take him To the tavern in there! The people will decide your fate, Inspector Javert! JAVERT
92) 18) text: Take this man. Bring him through. There is work we have to do. Javert is led into the cafe. As they pass through the fro door only one student is holding Javert. Seizing his opportunity, Javert breaks free and the students have to subdue him by force. Javert is on his knees and is being to the staircase. ENJOLRAS                                     
97) 10) text: You see that prisoner over there? He points to Javert, in a dark corner, his hands tied. GRANTAIRE
97) 12) text: A spy who calls himself Javert! GRANTAIRE
97) 13) text: He's going to get it too!                               Javert looks up and meets Valjean's eyes. A steady shared look. GAVROCHE                                     
97) 19) text: Give me the spy Javert! Let me take care of him. Javert hears this with grim satisfaction.
97) 23) text: The enemy may be regrouping! Hold yourselves in readiness! Come, my friends, back to your positions! The dawn is breaking fast. Valjean takes Javert out the back of the Cafe Musain. He carries a knife. VALJEAN
97) 24) text: We meet again... JAVERT
97) 25) text: You've hungered for this all your life. Take your revenge. How right you should kill with a knife. Valjean uses the knife to cut Javert free. VALJEAN
97) 26) text: You talk too much. Your life is safe in my hands. JAVERT
97) 28) text: Get out of here. JAVERT
97) 30) text: Clear out of here! JAVERT
97) 31) text: Once a thief, forever a thief. What you want, you always steal. You would trade your life for mine. Yes, Valjean, you want a deal! Shoot me now for all I care - If you let me go, beware! You'll still answer to Javert!
97) 33) text: You are wrong, and always have been wrong. I'm a man no worse than any man. You are free, and there are no conditions - No bargains or petitions. There's nothing that I blame you for. You've done your duty, nothing more. No doubt our paths will cross again. He raises his gun and points it at Javert. VALJEAN
97) 34) text: Go! As Javert goes, he raises the gun barrel and fires a sing shot into the air. ENJOLRAS
101) 19) text: No-o! He runs up the barricade, seizes Gavroche's body in his arms, convulsed with grief, and brings it back through th gate in the barricade. At the other end of the street Javert has appeared. He se this gate. And talks to the Army Officer. As the smoke from the muskets clears horses are revealed drawing field artillery into position. The Army Officer i lining up the big guns carefully.
101) 25) text: Let others rise to take our place Until the earth is free! The sun now appears above the rooftops of the city. And the big guns fire - BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! The bombardment hits the barricade, rocking it. In its wa a massive barrage of musket fire. The big gun has been lined up with the gate and has burst right through in the first hit. Bullets fly, and every few moments another cannon ball smashes into the piled debris. Javert is glimpsed among t attackers. Enjolras and the students throw themselves onto the barricades, firing at the attackers, handing their rifles down to others to be re-loaded, firing again. Valjean moves among them, tending to the wounded, lifting down the dead, regardless of his own safety. Marius takes a bullet, and crumples and falls. Valjean ru towards him - CRASH! The latest cannonade bursts a hole in the barricad and now the soldiers are storming through. The hard core student fighters retreat, firing as they go, into the Caf Musain.
108) 1) text: Nothing here! The soldiers depart. A moment of silence. Then into the alley's end steps Javert. Not so easily fooled. He walks all the way to the end, and looks round. He sees the drain at his feet. He sees the signs that the grating has been lifted. He stoops, and tries to lift it. It's far too heavy for him. He straightens up and looks round, calculating. Where doe the drain lead?
110) 0) text: Valjean, crusted with slime, heaves Marius out of the sew onto the embankment that runs beside the river. He looks up. There, staring at him, is Javert. Valjean rises slowly. Heaves Marius up onto his back once more. The strain of the night is showing. He's a man near the end of his strength. VALJEAN
110) 1) text: It's you, Javert! I knew you wouldn't wait too long. The faithful servant at his post once more. This man's done no wrong. And he needs his family's care. JAVERT
110) 3) text: Another hour yet And then I'm yours And all our debts are paid. JAVERT
110) 6) text: Come, time is running short - Look down, Javert! He's standing in his grave! He starts to move past Javert. Javert draws his pistol and holds it to Valjean's head. JAVERT
110) 8) text: Then I die. He starts walking past Javert. Javert's hand trembles as holds the pistol. Valjean keeps walking. Javert wills himself to shoot, but he just can't do it. Frustrated, enraged with himself, he lowers the gun. JAVERT
110) 11) text: Who is this man? What sort of devil is he? To have caught me in a trap And choose to let me go free? It was his hour at last To put a seal on my fate Wipe out the past And wash me clean off the slate! All it would take Was a flick of his knife Vengeance was his And he gave me back my life! He begins to move away along the embankment, up steps, towards a bridge. He's unaware of everything except the turmoil in his brain. JAVERT
110) 14) text: I am the law and the law is not mocked! I'll spit his pity right back in his face! There is nothing on earth that we share! It is either Valjean or Javert! How can I allow this man To hold dominion over me? This desperate man that I have hunted... He gave me my life! He gave me freedom! I should have perished by his hand It was his right... It was my right to die as well... Instead I live... But live in hell! He moves up from the embankment onto the bridge. Here he stands, looking down at the dark water of the night river The Seine forms a whirlpool here, where violent currents swirl round the piles of the bridge. JAVERT
110) 15) text: And my thoughts fly apart Can this man be believed? Shall his sins be forgiven? Shall his crimes be reprieved? And must I now begin to doubt Who never doubted all those years? My heart is stone and still it trembles... The world I have known is lost in shadow Is he from heaven or from hell? And does he know That granting me my life today This man has killed me even so? He climbs up onto the parapet, reaching his arms up to th night sky. JAVERT