69) 6) text: It'll come, it'll come, it'll come... It'll come, it'll come, it'll come... A student, ENJOLRAS, stands on a raised step, making an impassioned speech with fellow student MARIUS. The occupa of the stopped carriage is MONSIEUR GILLENORMAND, Marius' Grandfather. He is clearly deeply unhappy to see his gran engaged in such an activity. In the crowd a young street girl, EPONINE, has her eyes f longingly on the handsome Marius. ENJOLRAS
69) 9) text: Only one man, General Lamarque                         Speaks for the people here below! Marius looks towards Lamarque's house behind him. ENJOLRAS
69) 10) text: Lamarque is ill and fading fast - Won't last a week out, so they say. MARIUS
69) 15) text: Tomorrow we will return!                               MARIUS                                      
69) 20) text: We need more people, then the                          police will not dare ride against                      us!                                                    MARIUS                                      
70) 0) text: Through a crack in a door, we see Marius sitting on a tat mattress in a tiny hovel of a room. He is taking out a hunting rifle from under the mattress, wrapped in a rag. eye is caught by the ring on his finger. CLOSE ON a signet ring, a family crest. Marius stares at the ring then takes it off his finger. We reveal EPONINE staring at him through the door. EPONINE                                          
70) 1) text: Hey there Monsieur what's new with you? Haven't seen much of you of late. Planning no doubt to change the world? Plotting to overthrow the state? Still living here in this old sewer Might as well doss down in a ditch You still pretending to be poor Everyone knows your Grandpa's rich Marius rushes down the stairs of the slum, Eponine follow We see glimpses of misery off the stairwell. MARIUS                                           
70) 3) text: There's lots of things I know MARIUS                                           
70) 5) text: I like the way you talk Monsieur! MARIUS                                           
71) 0) text: Marius is stopped as he exits the front door of the Gorbe Tenement by a passing carriage. Once it passes Marius see two people in the street outside. One is an old gentleman Valjean. The other is a beautiful young girl, Cosette. Th two are giving alms to beggars as they walk back from evening church service. Marius can't take his eyes off Cosette. He's never seen anyone so lovely in his life. We hear the instrumental foreshadowing of `A Heart Full of Love'. As if drawn by Marius's gaze, Cosette looks up and meets his eyes. She too is amazed: he's looking at her as if he already knows her. A second carriage breaks their held gaze. Marius continues on down the street and when he looks bac at that precise moment Cosette looks at him again. Valjean instinctively puts his arm round her, guarding he jealously from this distant boy's gaze. We cut further down the street to an alleyway where the Thenardiers, heavily disguised, are waiting for Valjean's approach with their gang of crooks, Babet, Brujon, Clacquesous, Montparnasse. THENARDIER
71) 1) text: Everyone here, you know your place - Brujon, Babet, Clacquesous - You, Montparnasse, watch for the law - With Eponine - take care. (Montparnasse hurries over                             to the doorway where                                 Eponine was watching                                 Marius)                                             
71) 3) text: No mistakes, my dears! Thenardier approaches Valjean and lures him into the mout of the alleyway where Madame Thenardier is sat on the ground holding the crying infant. Cosette is a few steps behind, still entranced by the sight of Marius.
71) 10) text: (shouts from up the                                street)                                           It's the police! Disappear!                            Run for it! It's Javert!                               The gang spill out into the street to find themselves confronted by Javert now with his men. Marius watches, as does Gavroche, drawn by the rumpus. JAVERT
71) 16) text: You will have a job to find him! He's not all he seems to be - And that girl he trails behind him She's the child he stole from me! Marius, equally baffled, goes off in search of them. JAVERT
71) 21) text: (to himself) Let the old man keep on running I will run him off his feet! (to the crowd) Everyone about your business! (to Gavroche)                                       Clear this garbage off the street! Gavroche is sitting on a horse trough and falls back into when Javert surprises him. He is furious. He sings to Javert's departing back, and t Marius who is close by. GAVROCHE
71) 23) text: Cosette! Now I remember... Cosette! How can it be? We were children together. Look what's become of me. She turns back to find Marius gazing down the street. MARIUS
71) 25) text: That bourgeois two-a-penny thing! MARIUS
71) 27) text: What will you give me? MARIUS
73) 0) text: Marius comes down the street, his mind full of thoughts o Cosette.
74) 0) text: Marius arrives at the first floor front room. Here a grou of students are cleaning rifles and sharing their excitement at the coming revolution: ENJOLRAS, COMBEFERRE COURFEYRAC, JOLY, GRANTAIRE, FEUILLY, PROUVAIRE and other ENJOLRAS                                         
74) 8) text: The time is near... So near it's stirring the blood in their veins. And yet beware!                                     Don't let the wine go to your brains. For the army we fight is a dangerous foe With the men and the arms that we never can match. It is easy to sit here and swat them like flies But the National Guard will be harder to catch. We need a sign To rally the people To call them to arms To bring them in line! Joly turns goes over to Marius at the back, a faraway loo on his face. JOLY
74) 9) text: Marius, wake up! What's wrong today? You look as if you've seen a ghost. GRANTAIRE
74) 10) text: Some wine, and say what's going on! They sit. MARIUS
74) 12) text: I am agog! I am aghast! Is Marius in love at last? I've never heard him Ooh and Aah. You talk of battles to be won (more)
74) 15) text: It is time for us all To decide who we are. Do we fight for the right To a night at the opera now? Have you asked yourselves What's the price you might pay? Is this simply a game For rich young boys to play? The colours of the world Are changing day by day - Red -    the blood of angry men! Black    - the dark of ages past! Red -    a world about to dawn! Black    - the night that ends at last! MARIUS
74) 17) text: Red! MARIUS
74) 19) text: Black! MARIUS
74) 21) text: Red! MARIUS
74) 26) text: Marius, you're no longer a child - I do not doubt you mean it well But now there is a higher call! Who cares about your lonely soul? We strive towards a larger goal - Our little lives don't count at all! ENJOLRAS                                   
74) 40) text: They will come when we call! As the students sing, Eponine enters wanting to talk to Marius. Marius sees her.
76) 0) text: Marius rushes down the street, Eponine following. At the far end is the walled garden behind which lies Valjean's house. MARIUS
76) 2) text: Every word that he says Is a dagger in me! In my life There's been no one like him anywhere, Anywhere, where he is If he asked... I'd be his! MARIUS/EPONINE
76) 3) text: In my life There is someone who touches my life - MARIUS (sees Cosette in the                                    garden)                                               
76) 6) text: Waiting here!                                          MARIUS
76) 7) text: A heart full of love! Cosette sees Marius. She comes up the garden path towards him. She sees Eponine by Marius's side. MARIUS                                      
76) 8) text: A heart full of song! I'm doing everything all wrong - Oh God, for shame - I do not even know your name. Dear Mad'moiselle, Won't you say? Will you tell? Cosette holds the wrought-ironwork of the gate with both hands, eyes on Marius. Eponine looks on and suffers. Mari wraps his hands round Cosette's. COSETTE
76) 9) text: A heart full of love! No fear, no regret! MARIUS
76) 10) text: My name is Marius Pontmercy. COSETTE
76) 11) text: And mine's Cosette. MARIUS
76) 13) text: Then make no sound. MARIUS
76) 15) text: I am found! MARIUS
76) 16) text: A heart full of light - COSETTE/MARIUS
76) 17) text: A night bright as day - MARIUS
76) 22) text: I'm awake. MARIUS
76) 26) text: These are words he'll never say Not to me, not to me Not for me! MARIUS
76) 29) text: His heart full of love... MARIUS
76) 32) text: Every day... MARIUS/COSETTE
76) 34) text: Cosette! Cosette!                                    Cosette turns and runs in to the house. Valjean walks down the overgrown garden path to the gate. Marius moves quickly away, instinctively nervous of discovery, and hides behind the wall.
80) 0) text: Cosette hurries down the   garden to the gate, and goes t put the folded letter in   the grill where her and Marius hands entwined. Then she   sees Eponine. Eponine steps forward. She thrusts her   letter into her hand. COSETTE
80) 1) text: Please give this to Marius! He must know where to find me. She runs back inside.
82) 0) text: Eponine stands outside Marius' door. She opens the letter reads it, then hides it in her pocket. She pushes open Marius' door. Marius looks up. EPONINE                                           
82) 1) text: I came to tell you she's gone. MARIUS
82) 3) text: She's gone to England. Marius sets off at a run towards the Rue Plumet.
83) 0) text: Marius finds the gate broken open, sees the house beyond dark and deserted. He pushes in to the garden, up to the house windows, sees the rooms empty within. He stands staring, in shock. Eponine has followed him, and watches him in silence.
85) 0) text: Marius by the empty house.
86) 4) text: One more day all on my own... MARIUS/COSETTE
86) 6) text: One more day with him not caring... MARIUS/COSETTE
86) 8) text: What a life I might have known... MARIUS/COSETTE
86) 15) text: At the barricades of freedom! MARIUS
86) 17) text: When our ranks begin to form - MARIUS
88) 3) text: Watch'em run amuck! Catch'em as they fall! Never know your luck When there's a free-for-all. Here a little dip, There a little touch - Most of them are goners So they won't miss much! The drinkers in the bar raise their glasses to the studen with their rifles. The students appeal to them. Grantaire is drunk already. Joly starts to melt the tankards in a p to make more bullets. Marius enters the ground floor and takes the red flag from Madame Hucheloup that she has jus finished. The citizens on the ground floor join the students. STUDENTS/CROWD                                 
88) 4) text: One day to a new beginning! Raise the flag of freedom high! Every man will be a king! Every man will be a king! There's a new world for the winning! There's a new world to be won! Do you hear the people sing? Marius enters the first floor to join them at last. MARIUS
88) 7) text: One day more! COSETTE/MARIUS
88) 12) text: One day more! MARIUS/COSETTE
88) 18) text: Tomorrow we'll discover What our God in heaven has in store - One more dawn! One more day! One day more! We pull back from Enjolras and Marius holding their flag the first floor window with the students beyond them to s that citizens have spilled out of the Cafe Musain into th street and have all joined in the final chorus.
89) 0) text: All is still. Then comes the soft beating of draped drums The tramp of feet. All down the streets, waiting, the silent faces of the poor. Among them we see Enjolras, Marius, and the radical students.
89) 7) text: Do you hear the people sing Singing the song of angry men? It is the music of a people Who will not be slaves again! When the beating of your heart Echoes the beating of the drums There is a life about to start When tomorrow comes! Enjolras, Marius and Courfeyrac and other students climb onto the top of the carriage as the horses and led by Combeferre. ENJOLRAS
89) 9) text: Some will fall and some will live Will you stand up and take your chance? ENJOLRAS/MARIUS/COURFEYRAC                 
89) 16) text: To the barricades! To arms! To arms! Some students fire weapons into the air, some into the cavalry and at the infantry. Enjolras knocks a calvary officer off his horse and Marius jumps on the horse. The students break away and race off through the cafe int a side street where citizens begin to erect a barricade. cavalry rider gives chase and is shot by one of the students and falls through the window of an upended carriage. The students, with Marius on horseback, race to the slums.
92) 0) text: It is night. The students have been waiting for hours. A single flaming torch atop the barricade caged in by cob underlights a fluttering red flag. There is no sign yet of any opposition. A boy climbs down from sentry duty on the barricade. Mari realizes its Eponine. She sits down with her back to him. MARIUS
92) 2) text: I know this is no place for me,                           Still I would rather be with you!                         MARIUS
92) 4) text: I've got you worried now, I have!                         That shows you like me quite a                            lot...                                                    MARIUS                                        
92) 27) text: Fire! A second volley. Father Mabeuf falls down dead. While everyone is reacting the dead old man and the wounded, the men are distracted noticing that some French soldiers have used the cover of darkness to creep down the street. All at once the FIRST FULL ATTACK begins. Shouts and the rattle of gunfire as SOLDIERS throw themselves up and ove the barricade. The students run for their guns and return fire. They are taken by surprise. All could be lost in th first instant. Some soldiers make it up to the top of the barricade, where they're driven back by the fierce resistance of the defenders. Eponine sees one soldier aiming his rifle at Marius - she throws herself in front Marius just as the rifle fires - and Marius is safe.
92) 30) text: Blow it up then and take yourself with it! MARIUS
92) 31) text: And myself with it! Marius brings the torch closer to the powder keg. But already the soldiers have cleared out. Marius comes down from the barricade. FEUILLY                                      
92) 32) text: (to Marius)                                          Thank you!                                               LESGLES                                       
92) 33) text: What were you thinking!                                  As everyone surrounds Marius in amazement he spots Eponin lying propped against the barricade. MARIUS
92) 36) text: Don't be too hard on me... Marius is shocked to find blood pouring from her wound. MARIUS
92) 39) text: Don't you fret, M'sieur Marius - I don't feel any pain. A little fall of rain Can hardly hurt me now. You're here - that's all I need to know And you will keep me safe And you will keep me close And rain will make the flowers grow... MARIUS
92) 41) text: Just hold me now, and let it be. Shelter me... Comfort me... MARIUS
92) 43) text: The rain can't hurt me now... This rain will wash away what's past And you will keep me safe And you will keep me close I'll sleep in your embrace at last. Marius tries to comfort Eponine in his arms.            MARIUS
92) 45) text: So don't you fret, M'sieur Marius I don't feel any pain A little fall of rain Can hardly hurt me now... MARIUS
92) 49) text: And you will keep me close And rain.. Will make the flowers... Grow... Eponine dies in Marius's arms. Marius looks up at the others, his eyes full of tears. ENJOLRAS
92) 50) text: They were the first to fall. The first to fall upon this barricade. MARIUS
93) 0) text: Marius reads the letter Eponine has given him. He takes o pencil and paper and writes a note. Looking round, he see Gavroche. MARIUS
93) 2) text: Course I do! MARIUS
95) 1) text: `Dearest Cosette, you have entered my soul And soon you will be gone. Can it be only a day since we met And the world was reborn? If I should fall in the battle to come Let this be my goodbye. Now that I know you love me as well It is harder to die. I pray that God will bring me home To be with you. Pray for your Marius. He prays for you.' He looks up, deeply distressed. He can't bear the thought of losing Cosette. VALJEAN
96) 0) text: Valjean walks the streets, not caring where he goes, struggling with his tormented thoughts. He sees a barrica being dismantled. And bodies. Suddenly he knows what he's going to do. He sees a dead soldier. He takes his jacket and swiftly pulls it on. He continues on his way in the dark. Looking up he sees that he's been walking all the time towards the very barricade where Marius waits. Now looking like a soldier, he passes unchallenged throug their lines, and into the shadows. As he passes, he notices two soldiers climbing up onto th rooftops.
97) 15) text: For your presence of mind, For the deed you have done, I will thank you, M'sieur, When our battle is won. MARIUS
97) 35) text: Courfeyrac, you take the watch - They may attack before it's light. Everybody keep the faith, For certain as our banner flies, We are not alone - The people too must rise! Marius is manically working to raise the height of one of smaller barricades. ENJOLRAS                                    
97) 36) text: Marius, rest. Grantaire drunkenly starts singing a drinking song and it taken up more seriously by Feuilly. Bottles are passed ro GRANTAIRE                                   
97) 42) text: Here's to them - (Marius sings to Valjean)
97) 45) text: Drink with me To days gone by! To the life That used to be! At the shrine of friendship Never say die... Let the wine of friendship Never run dry! Here's to you And here's to me! Valjean is moving through the cafe when he hears Marius through a window. He moves to the window. Marius sits ben it. MARIUS
97) 46) text: Do I care if I should die Now she goes across the sea? Life without Cosette Means nothing at all.. Please don't weep, Cosette, Should Marius fall. Will you weep, Cosette, For me? Valjean listens to Marius's song, and he's moved.
98) 0) text: Look-outs keep watch at either end of the barricaded street. Many of the rest of the rebels are sleeping. Valjean paces, unable to sleep, inside the cafe. Dead bodies are lined up on the ground floor. He comes to a stop, and gazes on Marius as he sleeps through the window VALJEAN
98) 3) text: In my need You have always been there. He is young He's afraid Let him rest Heaven blessed. Bring him home Bring him home Bring him home! He's like the son I might have known If God had granted me a son. The summers die One by one How soon they fly On and on And I am old And will be gone. Bring him peace Bring him joy He is young He is only a boy. You can take You can give Let him be Let him live, If I die, let me die Let him live Bring him home Bring him home Bring him home! Valjean is now kneeling next to the sleeping Marius. CRANE UP AND UP - Seeing the little world of the barricad street now surrounded by waiting soldiers - and the stree round them packed with soldiers in their thousands, so ma that we know the little band can never win. CRANE UP AND UP until the barricade and the army that entraps it has become a small pool of darkness in the centre of the bright lights of Paris.
101) 8) text: Enjolras! Ammunition's short.                            MARIUS
101) 25) text: Let others rise to take our place Until the earth is free! The sun now appears above the rooftops of the city. And the big guns fire - BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! The bombardment hits the barricade, rocking it. In its wa a massive barrage of musket fire. The big gun has been lined up with the gate and has burst right through in the first hit. Bullets fly, and every few moments another cannon ball smashes into the piled debris. Javert is glimpsed among t attackers. Enjolras and the students throw themselves onto the barricades, firing at the attackers, handing their rifles down to others to be re-loaded, firing again. Valjean moves among them, tending to the wounded, lifting down the dead, regardless of his own safety. Marius takes a bullet, and crumples and falls. Valjean ru towards him - CRASH! The latest cannonade bursts a hole in the barricad and now the soldiers are storming through. The hard core student fighters retreat, firing as they go, into the Caf Musain.
103) 0) text: Valjean has Marius in his arms and is hiding him from the onrush of the soldiers -
105) 0) text: Valjean carries Marius away from the carnage. A soldier challenges him. One violent blow from Valjean sends the soldier flying -
108) 0) text: Valjean carries Marius down a long narrow alley that runs between the backs of tall houses. The alley turns a corne and there ahead is a dead end. Behind him, the stamp of soldiers' boots. Ahead, no way out. Then his searching gaze falls on an iron grating in the ground. A storm drain. ON THE SOLDIERS - As they come round the corner into the end of the alley. They look round. It's empty. SOLDIER
109) 0) text: Valjean is pulling Marius after him down a tight sloping pipe, where dark water races. Suddenly they start to slid then drop through a vent into a wide sewage tunnel. Faint light reflecting off the slime of curving tunnel walls. T skitter of rats. Sodden forms floating by: dead bodies. Valjean carries Marius down the tunnel, moving as fast as he can, losing strength all the time. He reaches an intersection where four sewers meet. Light falls through distant gratings. One of the four sewers is dry. Here he lets his burden down, and himself sinks to the slimy grou to rest. He lets his eyes close. A voice echoes in the shadows.
109) 2) text: Here's a hint of gold Stuck into a tooth - Pardon me, m'sieur, You won't be needing it no more. Shouldn't be too hard to sell. A figure coming closer. A sewer thief, robbing corpses. N sign of life in either Valjean or Marius. THENARDIER
109) 3) text: Well, someone's got to clean'em up, my friends, Before the little harvest Disappears into the mud. Someone's got to collect their odds and ends When the gutters run with blood. Now we see the thief is Thenardier. He finds a ring on Marius's finger and pulls it off. THENARDIER
109) 6) text: There! That way! Valjean drops him, picks Marius up once more, and sets of Thenardier stares after them, grinning. He's sent then th wrong way. LATER - Valjean in the sewers, Marius on his back, and they're sinking ever deeper into the slimy water.
110) 0) text: Valjean, crusted with slime, heaves Marius out of the sew onto the embankment that runs beside the river. He looks up. There, staring at him, is Javert. Valjean rises slowly. Heaves Marius up onto his back once more. The strain of the night is showing. He's a man near the end of his strength. VALJEAN
112) 0) text: CLOSE ON MARIUS - He's waking from the nightmare, finding himself in a fine bed, with clean linen. He looks round: handsome room. GILLENORMAND
112) 1) text: Marius! You've come back to us! Marius recognises the old man anxiously watching him: his grandfather, Monsieur GILLENORMAND. MARIUS
112) 3) text: Rest, Marius. No more harsh words between us. I just thank God you're alive. Timidly the old man comes closer to the bed. Tears form i Marius's eyes. Encouraged, the old man takes Marius's han in his. GILLENORMAND
113) 0) text: Marius makes his way slowly up the stairs to the upper room. He's still weak from his wounds. He enters the room where his friends died, and looks round. He sinks into a chair. MARIUS
113) 1) text: There's a grief that can't be spoken There's a pain goes on and on Empty chairs at empty tables Now my friends are dead and gone. He sees the bloodstain on the wall beneath the window sil The blood of Enjolras. MARIUS
113) 4) text: And tomorrow never came... From the table in the corner They could see a world reborn And they rose with voices ringing And I can hear them now! The very words that they had sung Became their last communion On the lonely barricade at dawn. He looks out of the window at what's left of the barricad He seems to see again the brave doomed defence, the smoke and the gunfire, the young men falling. MARIUS
114) 0) text: Cosette holds Marius, supporting him, as he enters the house. COSETTE
114) 1) text: Every day You walk with stronger step, You walk with longer step. The worst is over. MARIUS
114) 4) text: Don't think about it, Marius! With all the years ahead of us! I will never go away And we will be together Every day. Every day We'll remember that night And the vow that we made. As Valjean and Gillenormand look on, Marius and Cosette sing their love to each other. COSETTE
114) 6) text: She was never mine to keep She is youthful, she is free... MARIUS
114) 9) text: Thank God, thank God you are here! Thank God, thank God you are home! MARIUS
114) 12) text: Love is the garden of the young Let it be Let it be! A heart full of love This I give you this day. MARIUS/COSETTE
115) 0) text: Marius stands before Valjean, alone in this more private room.
115) 4) text: There lived a man whose name was Jean Valjean. He stole some bread to save his sister's son For nineteen winters served his time In sweat he washed away his crime. Marius hears this with shock. VALJEAN
115) 5) text: Years ago, He broke parole and lived a life apart... How could he tell Cosette and break her heart? It's for Cosette this must be faced: If he is caught, she is disgraced... The time has come to journey on, And from this day he must be gone! Who am I? Who am I? MARIUS
115) 6) text: You're Jean Valjean! Marius can't conceal that he's disturbed by this revelation.
115) 9) text: Make her believe I have gone on a journey A long way away. Tell her my heart was too full for farewells - It is better this way. Promise me, Monsieur, Cosette will never know... MARIUS
115) 11) text: ...What I have spoken, why I must go. MARIUS
117) 0) text: Cosette gazes at Marius, bewildered by what she has just learned. COSETTE
117) 1) text: Where's he gone without a word That wouldn't be his way to go MARIUS
117) 2) text: All he asked for me to   say He's on a journey, far   away. Dear Cosette, he loves   you so Perhaps he will return   some day. Cosette comes into Marius's arms, tears in her eyes. COSETTE
118) 0) text: Marius and Cosette, newly married, are walking towards Marius' house through an aisle created by wedding guests. Carriages line the street.
119) 0) text: Waltz music plays as Marius and Cosette lead the dancing the wedding reception. As the dance proceeds, two extraordinary figures enter, a start helping themselves to the drink and the food. They are Thenardier and his wife, dressed up for high society.
119) 2) text: They look round as the dance continues, highly satisfied themselves and see Marius. Thenardier makes a mock-formal bow.
119) 4) dialog: No, `Baron du Thenard', The circles I move in are humbler by far... Go away, Thenardier! Do you think I don't know who you are?
119) 7) text: Pity to disturb you at a feast like this But 500 francs surely wouldn't come amiss. MARIUS
119) 9) text: (to Thenardier) He speaks.                                              (to Marius) You pay! THENARDIER                                   
119) 10) text: What I saw, clear as light,                             Jean Valjean in the sewers that                         night,                                                  Had this corpse on his back                             Some boy he'd killed in a viscious                      attack.                                                 I was there, never fear!                                Even found me this fine souvenir!                       He shows off his ring. Marius stares in astonishment. MARIUS                                       
119) 12) text: And there's more! Mark this well -                      It was the night that the                               barricades fell.                                        MARIUS                                       
119) 13) text: Then it's true! Then I'm right!                         Jean Valjean was my saviour that                        night!                                                  Thenardier looks past Marius to where Cosette stands amon their friends. He lowers his voice. THENARDIER                                   
119) 14) text: Jean Valjean - the old con.                             You pay up and I'll say where he's                      gone.                                                   He takes out money and reluctantly presses it into Thenardier's hands. Madame Thenardier takes the money bef Thenardier has safely pocketed it. "LES MISERABLES" BLUE REVISIONS 20.5.2012          120. MARIUS                                      
119) 16) text: How's about some extra On a day so glad Our little orphan girl She hasn't done so bad.                                Raised in a convent Cash to spare -                                        We want our share. Marius hands over yet more money to Madame Thenardier. THENARDIER                                  
119) 17) text: Quite the little nun, ain't she!                       CRACK! Thenardier sinks to the ground, felled by a powerf blow from an angered Marius. The band stops playing. MARIUS                                      
119) 19) text: (cowardly voice)                                       The convent.                                           Marius rushes to Cosette and we see him telling her where Valjean is. They hurry away. Thenardier clambers to his feet, helped by his wife. He gestures to the band to continue. They stand by the tiere wedding cake. As Thenardier recovers his composure, Madam Thenardier steals one then two pillars from the cake so i collapses on the floor. She then pushes it under the tabl with her foot. "LES MISERABLES" BLUE REVISIONS 20.5.2012            121.
122) 0) text: Cosette and Marius rush round the cloisters and enter the chapel in the middle of the cloisters.
123) 0) text: The sound of the door opening. Valjean looks round. It's Cosette entering, followed by Marius.
123) 3) text: Cosette, my child! Am I forgiven now? Thank God, thank God, I've lived to see this day! Marius comes to him. MARIUS
123) 10) text: I know it, papa. Valjean turns back, face shining, towards the table where the candles burn in the silver candlesticks. There he see three ghosts waiting for him. The ghost of the Bishop. Th ghost of Fantine. And beyond her, watching Marius with love, the ghost of Eponine. Fantine comes towards him, reaching out her hands. VALJEAN