0) 55) dialog: That‘s got to be about all of them... Didn’et they only make two season's worth of that show?
0) 88) dialog: Exactly. (to Shavonne) And there you were in class with them trying to list all the Gilligan's Island episodes without even a HINT of irony. .
0) 92) dialog: My point exactly. Women are taught i to not mind being bored as long as thay are occasionally acknowledged. (thinking) . And being stranded on an island awaiting rescue is a TOTAL metaphor for the position in which most women are put in in this society a _ today. Jodi walks over to Kaye. (CONTINUED)
0) 95) dialog: Well excuse me for thinking abouc j things a liccle... JoDI ! Yeah, that’s it... stop thinking so , | much.
0) 96) text: {to Kaye) . | : You need to get laid. From the hall, Benny can be heard.
1) 248) dialog: Yeah. (CONTINUED)
1) 255) dialog: Yeah, you're right, he actually said: . (mock drawl) “Looks like the one in the back seat could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch.* They both shriek with laughter again.
1) 442) dialog: Not at all. Even during the freshmanizing this afternoon. [ft didn't feel right.
1) 444) dialog: It's like, our seniors - now THEY were seniors. Nina, Dralane, Kim Cook... that was the real thing. Us, I don’t know about.
1) 446) dialog: It was at the senior’s graduation the other night, seeing them all in a bunch... this weird panic passed over me, I thought of just this. town, then all the high schools in the state, then the whole country. Millions of us that will graduate next year and then be flooded into colleges and then the real world. It's like they’1l be too many of us. At some point it can't grow anymore, it just goes bust. And then there won't be room for any of us.
1) 451) dialog: (to Shavonne) The guy you're going to marry is probably just going into prison.
1) 802) dialog: ...It’s like all our decisions have been made for us. What are our true options? We can ride around, stand here and talk. There's gotta be something interesting going on somewhere else... It’s just that we're stuck in bum-fuck-ville.
1) 807) dialog: «..T really liked Tony's last column about this decade. Whac was that one line? “The uncercaincies of the 60's have been sold out for ghe certainty of boredom in the "Ss..."
1) 878) dialog: Yeah, good idea. (a beac) Check out Shavonne... Her and Don‘s little mating ritual unfolding before us. . They look across the way to see Don walking away from Sha she follows. He then stops and twists his way into her ar momentarily. before they break and walk farther into che
1) 942) dialog: We gotta see the sun rise from up there. They walk over to the moon tower and start climbing. EXT: DON’S HOUSE - DAWN Snavonne pulls up in front of Don‘s house to drop him off continue what seems to have been a long make-out session before they can get very far, they HEAR the bleep of a po behind them. (CONTINUED)
1) 948) dialog: I can't stop thinking about this tombstone I saw back there. This girl was only 19 when she died. 1948 to 1967. It's just sad.
1) 950) dialog: But it‘s like who’s even thinking about her right now?
1) 955) dialog: What's going to happen <9 all of us? I mean, everyone that was here conight... within a year or so, we'll all be scatcered and most of us will never see each other again...
1) 957) dialog: Do you see the lights over there? JODI. Where?
1) 958) dialog: Flickering, past that big house way up there on the left... it sort of Sparkles on and off. {a beat) What IS that?
1) 959) text: I don't have my contacts in. Jodi rubs her eyes a little as Kaye grows a lirtle anxiou
1) 960) dialog: You HAVE to see them... Jodi rubs her eyes again and looks. Kaye stands right nex her and puts their heads near each other so she's sure sh looking in the right place. Jopt A flickering light?
1) 961) dialog: Yeah. Here, let me try. She gently rubs Jodi’s closed eyes.
1) 963) dialog: You have cto. (CONTINUED)