0) 30) dialog: So was this a smoked or liquid lunch? : : . lack Pink points at him like ‘yeah right’ as a friend and'clas theirs, ROYCE CRAWFORD, pokes his head out of the door.
0) 32) dialog: \ I chought we should all go out.
0) 34) text: Exactly - we should do something like that. We can play poker any time. . ROYCE . I don‘t know, sounds suspect. we'll have to put it up before the committee. Royce and Pink head into the room while Tony suddenly rem something he wants to tell Mike and gestures for him to w him-down the hall a bit. ‘TONY Okay, I had this dream last night... (grins quizzically) Okay, you have to promise not to tell ANYONE. ‘ MIKE Sure.
0) 36) dialog: ~ a“ (reciting) \ “I promise not to tell anyone...’ (CONTINUED)
0) 40) dialog: But what? What? Tony changes his mind.
0) 42) dialog: Oh come on, you can't give a build-~ up like chat and then not deliver. Okay, 30, a beautiful female body, we're off to a good start... He gestures for Tony to continue.
0) 44) dialog: 
0) 46) dialog: Best not...
0) 59) dialog: I was very specific, I promised not to tell anyONE. I told EVERYone. (CONTINUED)
1) 71) dialog: And actually, the freshmen girls are even made to feel privileged to be participating.
1) 132) text: \ Air-raid! it They both hit the ground and then get up for another w Senny’s board Vn 28 EXT: DAIRY QUEEN PARKING LOT - DAY | Back at the parking lot, Tony and Mike continue to cont 1 all that's going on around them, enjoying it at the sam
1) 137) dialog: .-.So it's like we've declared war on ourselves... feeding off our own.
1) 150) dialog: Hey.
1) 153) dialog: Am I mistaken or did you just catch a bit of a rap with that young thing. (sarcastic) You stud...
1) 155) dialog: I bec she's pretty cute once you clean all thac shit off her. (realizing) It’s finall happening, . . we're seniors. ey‘ll now be all kinds of younger girls who think we're cool just by virtue of our age and senior status.
1) 159) dialog: Yeah and it's pretty tough wnen you never want to put yourself in a position of MAYBE something happening. MAYBE if we left che poker table one weekend night and did something else, MAYBE something would have the opportunity of happening. And then you might jusce experience something a little more tangible than an Abraham Lincoln ream...
1) 262) dialog: Tony's.
1) 264) dialog: You know, just like Tony... the slightly wimpy, slightly nerdy type. Women are the worst when it comes to that. Ask any high school girl what qualities she looks for in a guy and she‘ll say, ‘oh, that he’s intelligent, sensitive, has a good sense of humor.* But that next day that same itl will be walking down the hall getting felt- up some brain-dead gorilla linebacker. Mike folds.
1) 266) dialog: What am I even still doing here?
1) 270) dialog: She's going to come by here and we're going to go by that parcy. You guys Can stay here al! nighc, play cards, and then go home and yank it as always.
1) 273) dialog: Well then good - it's decided. Royce starts dealing the next hand.
1) 278) dialog: Politics is the real world? (CONTINUED)
1) 426) dialog: Okay, I have a confession to make. You_know how for the last year or so I talked about going to law school so I could be an A.C.L.U. lawyer or be in a position where I could help people who are getting fucked over? Well, as I was Standing in line at the post office after school yesterday, the sudden realization hit me that I don't want to do that. I mean it sounds good, but I really have to confront the fact that I don't much like the people I've been talking about elping in the future. I don't think I like people very much, eriod. I mean you guys are okay, ut I'm just trying to be honest about being a misanthrope. Royce kind of rolls his eyes.
1) 579) dialog: (sarcastic voice) I need me ah brewski... (CONTINUED)
1) 584) dialog: 
1) 587) dialog: Well, the crue Dionysian way would be to steal the beer and spend the rest of the evening drinking ic. I think that’s what everyone in this car needs... some good ‘ol worthwhile visceral experience.
1) 589) dialog: Getting so drunk you throw up. A lictle sexual activity... Cynthia impersonates some brutish guy.
1) 591) dialog: Seriously. You have to be up for anything. : _ CYNTHIA . But do you ever feel like everything we've been taught and everything we do is just at the service of our future selves.
1) 599) dialog: Death.
1) 667) dialog: | . Whooah! You guys see that? (CONTINUED)
1) 677) dialog: A woman in .thae car that juse drove by pulled up her shirt and flashed her cits in this direction.
1) 679) dialog: Yes sir. A couple of cars take off after the drive-by car. 1
1) 680) dialog: See, those cars are chasing her.
1) 683) dialog: See, now THAT’S visceral activity.
1) 693) dialog: When?
1) 695) dialog: About whac? (CONTINUED)
1) 699) dialog: I might have said something abouc smelling some marijuana... an observation.
1) 701) dialog: No, I don'c have a problem wich , chat.
1) 705) dialog: Great, just what I need. The Cro- Magnon man shadowing me.
1) 726) dialog: Yeah, (yells) Sacco and Vansetti! This is drowned out by a new song, cranked up all the way Mike's tone suddenly changes.
1) 727) dialog: (to others) I’m going to get that guy.
1) 729) dialog: That asshole on the way in, Clint - the super-dominant male. (CONTINUED)
1) 733) dialog: I‘ve got it all planned our. Most fights at places like this never get past a punch or two before it’s broken up, right? There’s this almost natural instinct to not upset the herd too much. So, I just have to be sure to get one good punch in and then play defense.
1) 735) dialog: Ac first, you‘re relieved to get away from the situation, but now there’s a level of humiliation setting in that I can tell is going to be with me a long time. This could be yet another experience that contributes to me being a lictcle ineffectual nothing the reste of-my life. I have the conscious ability to rebel against that. If nothing else, ic’ll set an example and a tone for my senior year. It’s like when you go into prison. They say walk right up to the baddest dude in the whole place and punch him right in the nose in front of everyone. He might beat the crap out of you, but nobody will ever fuck with you because who wants to get punched in the face even one time? You gotta prove you're one of those who's not afraid to... He doubles up his fist and punches his other hand in the with a loud pop.
1) 746) text: Cynthia and Mike are slowly walking toward the keg.
1) 755) dialog: (to Darla) No trouble though, okay? Darla keeps looking at Sabrina while she wanders back co ‘of friends. Mike and Cynthia continue.
1) 756) dialog: (continuing) You can’t blame him, though. He doesn’t even know you like him. It's kind of difficule.
1) 787) dialog: «..Z just think it’s important to rebel against all those petty fears like pain or even death. (more) (CONTINUED)
1) 790) dialog: I‘m not everyone and of course my perspective - for better and worse it’s the only one I’ve got.
1) 794) dialog: Whatever... Me and my existential crisis are going to go walk around. Later. Much. 83 84 or 95.
1) 820) dialog: You okay?
1) 825) dialog: Mike.
1) 827) dialog: Yeah, I think so. I know you. She grabs his hand and pulls him closer to her. Soon ne is sitting right nexc to her in the back seat.
1) 829) dialog: Sure. She slowly pulls him down on cop of her.
1) 908) dialog: Yeah, don't air-raid for that bitch. I hate shit like that. It’s like that Clint fucker in front of all his friends... He does a re-enactment by pushing Tony.
1) 909) dialog: > (continuing) (pushes again) Huh, motherfucker?
1) 911) dialog: The dominant male monkey will get his comeuppance. (CONTINUED)
1) 1007) dialog: Just one question - how does she rate with Lincoln?” They drive off. INT: MITCH’S HOUSE - OAWN 105 Mitch walks into his house, thinking of his evening and s MITCH'S MOTHER is standing there and he momentarily gets “obedient son’ expression on his face. As if she’s been preparing for hours, she’s not mad but rather reasonable confronts him. . MITCH’S MOTHER Okay, this is your one. Your sister told me everything so I’ve decided to make this deal with you. I’m going to try to be open-minded, but next cime you come in at sunrise, we're going to have some trouble. Mitch kind of shrugs his shoulders and raises his hands a say ‘okay, good.’ He continues on to his room, slips off shoes and walks over to his bed. Not quite finished, his pokes her head in his room. MITCH’S MOTHER (continuing) So what, are you drunk? And who’s that girl in the Camaro that gave you a ride? Mitch just lays down on the bed, grins slightly, and slow closes his eyes.