0) 23) dialog: It's fixin’ to be going A LOT better... Slater pops somaching in his mouth and takes a quick gulp fountain. He then offers up his hand and Pickford “gives five* in the slowest, coolest way possible. SLATER» So what time tonight?
0) 25) dialog: All right. Slater walks away while Pickford, Michelle, and Pink walk Pink’s classroom door.
0) 64) dialog: ...Man, I heard when Nugent was playing in Miami, or maybe it was San Francisco... Anyway, man, this chick gets up on stage and starts giving him a blowjob while he was playing, man, ‘Stranglehold.*
1) 292) dialog: It'd be A LOT cooler if you did.
1) 294) dialog: ...That stoner Pickford’s in there. I KNOW he‘s got some weed. Mitch looks a bie in awe of the whole setting as they wal the door.
1) 298) dialog: Prickford... You winnin’?
1) 303) dialog: Bummer about your party...
1) 306) dialog: Say man, I wag hopin’ to score a dube or two from you. He puts the ball into play. PICKFORD. After I school this boy, I’ll be ready to take a reefer break myself... He cockily swats the ball back and forth all over the tab between his various men and then does a goalie ‘toe shot’ length of the table for the score. PICKFORD . I amaze myself sometimes on this table. . (to Pink) Hey man, you need to see the finished product. . (to Slater and Michelle) Let‘’s go drive it around front. Pickford and Slater head outside while Pink and Mitch lag because Pink stops briefly to talk to Julie.
1) 329) text: , They’ start to get in the car as Slater looks over at M i SLATER You cool, man? | Mitch doesn't quite know what he’s getting at.
1) 332) dialog: Man, are you cool?
1) 353) dialog: Oh, a little weed...
1) 359) dialog: Check YOU later.
1) 361) dialog: Well chey don’t want to hear anything, man - all the women our age are little prudes, anyway - It's like they all got together and said ‘let's forget our biological urges.” Just to spite us. The women in the classes ahead of us were wild. Our class - worthless. I bet other high schools aren’t this bad...
1) 363) dialog: I’m telling you man, I can't wait to get to college.
1) 515) dialog: I‘m going back inside, man, don’t worry.
1) 712) dialog: It’s a cool view though... Good place to toke... * They get to a rather small platform at the top. The vie side is the city and on the other the country. They stare the city and back down at the others below.
1) 719) dialog: Think how many people out chere are fucking at this very minute. Mitch just stares down at all the people at the beer-busc below the tape is being changed co something else. Some s out their suggestions and objections.’
1) 721) dialog: (shouting down) Zepplin!
1) 797) dialog: Of course, man. This country was founded by people who worshipped aliens - George Washington and them. They were all a part of some cult that was way into that.
1) 800) dialog: Really man, it’s true. He thought it would be a good cash crop for the southern states. The man was a visionary... And here we are tokin’ to his vision 200 years ater. . Slater does a little salute with the joint before passing
1) 1009) text: EXT: HIGHWAY - pawn 106 - Pickford, Michelle, pink and a recent ly-awakened Slate Speeding down the early morning highway. Pickford drives Slater and Michelle finish rolling a joint in the back se They fire it up while Pink turns up the volume on the Ste then stares out at the empty road ahead