0) 136) dialog: You are going to show up to our game tonight, aren’t you?
0) 159) dialog: You know Mr. Lindsay, every second you let us out early increases our chances of survival exponentially. Mr. Lindsay looks up and chen assumes a new air, ready to something wise to the young men. ’ . Co ~ MR. LINDSAY It‘s like our sergeant cold us before one trip into the jungle: (maniacal) . “Men, 50 of you are leaving on this mission and 20 of you ain’t comin’ ack.” The boys look up as if wanting to hear more. They don’t. CARL . : That's it, end of story?
0) 162) dialog: I don’t know, what happened?
1) 212) text: Tommy, the catcher, approaches the mound to talk to Mitch looks past the dugout and sees the intimidating line of s yO lined up with their boards.
1) 213) dialog: Hey, don't worry about those | guys... Let's just get this laste 1 guy out. hi MITCH ! Yeah, easy for your ass to say.
1) 214) dialog: \ There's nothing you can do about ac. be
1) 218) text: ' Up yours... 1 jhe Tommy smiles and runs back to the plate while Carl, t 1 : shortstop, comes to the mound.
1) 385) dialog: Right after they leave might be a good time to get out of here. You ready to go? They look back outside as Pickford, after making a seemin friendly gesture of putting a hand on each of the boys sh suddenly knocks their heads together. He hops back in the and peels out.
1) 387) dialog: Where’s loverboy? They walk back through the party where the dance floor is with junior high kids who've been dancing very slow to Ol Newton John‘s *I Honestly Love You.* The song changes to “Make It With You’ and most of the dancers simply resume dancing in the same ‘hugging* fashion. Not. seeing their they walk back to an adjacent room that is filled with pi kids making out.
1) 388) dialog: Hey Hirsh! Wherever the hell you are... Hirsh and Freshman Girl #2 look up.
1) 390) dialog: Let's go, man. Hirsh slowly gets up and walks over to them and calks in tone so she can't hear. HIRSH . Why do we have to go now? I’m just getting started...
1) 391) dialog: ‘Cause they're looking for our asses. They're circling the place like buzzards but they just left. It might be our best shot at making ic out of here alive. (CONTINUED)
1) 400) dialog: We're never coming back.
1) 402) text: Getting there? {to Tommy) : You hear that? He was “getting there’. (to Hirsh) Son, you wouldn't know what to do with it even if you did ‘get chere* so don't worry about it.
1) 404) dialog: Grow up, boy. That was our last junior high party. We're freshmen now. We're in the big time... (smiles) Where all the girls put out. Your days of lying around pulling congue all night are over. 54 55 EXT: ‘BACK STREET - NIGHT As chey turn the corner and continue walking down the str notice they are being trailed in the distance by a car wi lights off. They say nothing but glance nervously at each Sudderity the lights come on and che car is afcer them.
1) 406) dialog: Scatter! They take off in separate directions. The car happens to in Hirsh's direction before O’Bannion jumps out and physi runs him down.
1) 407) text: O’ BANNION . Where you runnin’ to boy? We ain't gonna hurt you... Tell you what, you just grab onto chat fence and start counting the stars. You might be seeing some new ones up there pretty quick... He Laughs sadistically. Sti}l nervous, but resigned to hi Hirsh does as he says. He bends over a little and 0’Banni gives him the first big whack. At a safe distance, Carl a Tommy watch Hirsh get busted.
1) 490) dialog: I heard last year, when they caughe about ten freshmen at one time, O’Bannion backed his truck over some pizzas and made ‘em eat it.
1) 492) dialog: Goddamn you Burns! The bottle comes crashing down right behind them.
1) 626) dialog: What's in there? He gestures to Mitch's bag. Mitch plays it cool.