70) 22) text: Dicky pats Hawk's shoulder and leaves. Hawk looks away fr Amanda and scans the room. He glances back at Amanda. She still gazing at him the way queens of yore must have eyed particularly cute knights. She winks and toasts Hawk. Hawk raises his glass smiling nervously. They both sip at their drinks. She licks her lips suggestively at him. And Hawk proceeds to COUGH up his mouthful of Jack Daniels,  SPRAYING it all over the bar.
77) 19) text: Hawk starts gyrating even though the music is still off. emcee shrugs, re-cuing the song. It starts again as Hawk  faces the crowd, dancing with new-found bravado. The women come out of their dumbstruck comas and reluctan start CLAPPING again. Hawk pulls off his jacket and twirls it over his head Rog Daltry style. Then he pulls it back down and tosses it in the crowd. The women actually fight over it. Encouraged, Hawk then peels off his KISS Army tee-shirt a hurls it at the women, who SQUEAL with delight. Sure, he be scrawny, but they don't mind. This lad's got personali Adrenaline pumping, confidence building, Hawk starts play the crowd of very responsive ladies. He unbuttons his jeans first. Then, leaving them on, he d an "air guitar" medley: Chuck Berry, ZZ Top, Angus Young  from AC/DC, and Elvis Costello in six easy steps. Hawk finishes off with a Pete Townshend windmill, shaking his ass at his audience in mid-strum, then licks his fing and touches one of his cheeks: "hot stuff" (he does this a manly way of course). Then Hawk pauses to adjust what looks to be his underwear bunching up in his crack. The women WHOO-HOO. He segues into a Mick Jagger rooster strut and the ladies ga-ga. He makes the sign of the horns with each hand and  wiggles a protruding tongue like Gene Simmons. The gals s in orgastic joy. Then, Hawk goes for the gold. Yes, he does the Fonzie dan The women are now overcome by sheer animal lust. Hawk's  whipped his audience into a frenzied pack of bitches in h Amanda smirks and sucks from her little drink straw  suggestively. At long last Hawk figures he has to give them what they w He puts his fingers to his fly, pauses, then unzips. His  Brittanias fall to his ankles, revealing a pair of bony l sticking down from some KISS boxer shorts. The ladies go  batty. Unfortunately Hawk has neglected a cardinal rule of disro Never pull your pants down without taking your shoes off  first. He tries to kick off his shoes. The left one goes  flying across the bar and THWACK, beans a MIDDLE-AGED WOM in the face. She flies backwards over a chair. Trying to kick the other shoe off, Hawk loses his balance and falls backwards, hitting his head on the edge of the  bar.
85) 6) text: The women cheer and a DISCO SONG starts as Troy does a re of his act. Hawk walks away from the stage with the rest the rejected strippers, looking the way he feels: pretty  damn stupid. He puts on his pants, trying to walk at the  same time and falls to his knees. A helpful hand grabs him under the arm and helps him up. It's Amanda looking lustier than ever.
85) 8) dialog: You're too kind. I'm Amanda.
85) 10) dialog: Don't be so glum, Hawk. The night's  still young and filled with plenty  of compensatory possibilities.
85) 12) dialog: I'd be in a position to spend some  money on you if you'd get in a  position and spend some time on me.
94) 0) text: DOLLY FROM the front end of a Jaguar XKE, Michigan vanity plate reading: AMANDA. TO its windshield, through which we see Hawk and Amanda  kissing in the front seat, clad only in their underwear.  Something like "ME AND MRS. JONES" plays on the radio. Wh they separate, Amanda takes out a flask and offers it to  Hawk.
94) 4) dialog: Gin.
94) 6) dialog: Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't  want to give you whiskey dick would  we?
94) 8) text: Amanda plants a stocking foot on Hawk's crotch and rubs.
94) 9) dialog: Well. Obviously no one you have to  worry about... Woody.
94) 13) text: Amanda looks down at his crotch.
94) 14) dialog: But you do know Premature Peter,  don't you? Shame, I just bought these  stockings.
94) 17) dialog: Believe it or not, you still have a  way to go before you start competing  with my soon-to-be-ex-husband... the  champion of lousy lovemaking. The  man who thinks he's the biggest and  the best... The man who thinks every  secretary, stewardess, and cocktail  waitress he fucks should lick his  feet for the honor. The man for whom  faking it was invented. Christ, if I  hadn't gotten pregnant with our son,  I would have never known I even had  sex with the prick.
94) 20) dialog: I just told you, he's a big, hairy...
94) 22) dialog: More than anything in the world.
94) 24) dialog: He's a little spoiled, but I know he  does.
94) 27) dialog: You're sweet.
94) 30) text: Amanda caresses Hawk's cheek. He turns with her hand and  kisses it. He takes her arm and begins kissing his way up her neck, her cheek, her mouth...
98) 0) text: Amanda and Hawk are half-dressed post-coitus. She looks i her purse.
98) 2) dialog: I'm not paying you for the lovemaking,  Hawk. I just want you to have whatever  you needed the money for when you  took me up on my offer.
98) 6) dialog: You're a good man, Hawk. Thank you.