52) 0) text: The speakers BLAST a DISCO SONG to which the four passeng sing. KENNY, the driver, HONKS to the disco beat. They're slightly older than our heroes and very full of  themselves. Kenny and his best girl CHRISTINE sit in the  front. BOBBY and BARBARA are in the back. It's a double d date.
56) 39) dialog: Oh, Christine! You googatz in the  head or something? We're on the side  of the freakin' highway!
56) 65) text: Quick as a shot, Hawk SLAMS the bottom of the can into Ke nose, crushing it flat against his face. Hawaiian backwas spews from its tab hole like blood as Kenny falls backwar from the impact. He hits his head on the ground. Taking this as a cue... Trip whips out his wallet on a  chain... Lex rips off his KISS belt... And Jam yanks out drumsticks. As if choreographed, Trip swoops the wallet at Bobby's fe snagging him around the ankles tightly with the chain. Le THWAMS Bobby in the face with his big KISS belt buckle le a reversed, red, KISS logo branded in his forehead. Trip yanks the chain pulling Bobby off his feet. When he  hits the ground, Jam's right there DRUMMING his balls. Bobby shrieks. Meanwhile, Hawk advances on Kenny who tries to get the ca off his face, but it's stuck on looking like a pig's nose with fruit punch for snot. Hawk raises both his hands in Kenny's face, then executes the final insult... Hawk messes Kenny's hair. Kenny lets a scream that comes from the bottom of his vanity. Hawk grabs Kenny by the ears and brings the guido's head  swiftly against his kneecap. Kenny falls to the ground,  unconscious on top of Bobby. Their heads collide knocking Bobby out cold. Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornere
56) 69) dialog: When they wake up, they're gonna  come looking for you jerks. You best  hope they don't find you, cause if  they do, they're gonna kick your  asses.
56) 74) text: He throws the Trans Am into drive. All who are conscience listen to the brief SCREECH, then  watch the Trans Am as it barrels without a driver into th woods skirting the highway. It races into ditches, bounces off trees, and SPLASHES th ponds, all Smokey and the Bandit-like. The disco-mobile ramps off the edge of an embankment, tum down a steep, rocky incline breaking apart along the way, and finally, BOOM! It explodes on final impact. The boys all look at each other and shrug. Hawk walks bac to the Volvo and gets in. Trip, Lex, and Jam follow suit pile in as well. Lex shouts back to Barbara.
56) 77) dialog: Very funny. I hope you choke!