14) 0) text: The STUDY HALL TEACHER grades papers. On the wall a pictu of President Carter hangs next to Old Glory. The words "B Quiet" are written on the blackboard. Students study, read, doodle, sleep. Jam is at his desk  touching up the word "Mystery" on his drumstick. Next to sits BETH. Quirky, but cute, she stares longingly at him  wanting to say something, but not having the guts. Pleased with his work, Jam puts the drumsticks on the des and opens a Peter Criss album cover notebook depicting  countless doodles of the KISS logo, the Mystery logo, and renderings of Peter Criss. Beth SIGHS and opens her own notebook. Drawings of hearts fill the pages. In them is written "Beth + Jeremiah" and love Jeremiah." Then, one of Jam's drumsticks rolls off the desk and onto the floor. Beth quickly reaches down to grab it for him j as he bends to get it too. THUD, they bash heads.
14) 3) dialog: No problem.
14) 5) text: He stuffs his drumsticks in his socks pulling his pantleg down. Jam and Beth stare at each other. There's a mutual  crush, but both are apprehensive about making the first m Both want to speak, neither does. They awkwardly go back their notebooks. Mustering the nerve, Jam breaks the ice and whispers...
14) 7) text: Beth spins too quickly. Her pen flies out of her hand.
14) 8) dialog: Yes?
14) 11) text: Feeling awful, Beth moves in to help. The teacher looks u sternly.
14) 13) dialog: No. No problem.
14) 17) dialog: (whispering) Sorry.
14) 19) text: Beth resumes doodling feeling like an idiot. Jam does too Ah, teenage awkwardness. Finally, Beth musters up some  courage.
14) 20) dialog: Jeremiah?
14) 23) dialog: I wanted to tell you something...  I...
14) 24) text: Suddenly, Beth is rudely interrupted by HIGH-PITCHED FEED coming from the P.A. The PRINCIPAL'S VOICE ECHOES over it
14) 31) text: All the kids except for Beth burst into hysterical laught Mrs. Bruce's tirade continues over QUICK SHOTS of...
20) 0) text: Beth looks sadly out the window watching Mrs. Bruce push in the car. Beth puts her hand on the pane wanting to tou him.
48) 7) text: The boys do their Three Stooges handshake and say "Curly! Jam starts to change. Just then, the Volvo passes a two-t Chevy Impala with luggage tied to the roof. The passenger the back seat turns and spots Jam pulling off his pants.  It's Beth. Her eyes bulge. Beth parents are in the front. Jam spots her and beams. Their eyes lock. She waves and s to yell something, when... suddenly... BANG! The boys look out the driver's side of the car to see the rear hubcap rolling away. They've got a flat.
48) 9) text: The car fishtails and weaves but Hawk manages to pull ove The Chevy continues on, Beth gazing out the rear window s
67) 0) text: Parked in front of the busy fast-food establishment we  recognize the two-toned Chevy Impala with luggage tied on top. In the window we see Beth and her parents sitting at one of the booths. Out the window Beth looks across the street just as Jam,  Mrs. Bruce, and the priest enter the cathedral. Her face  drops.
67) 1) dialog: Oh my God! That's Jeremiah!
67) 3) dialog: Jeremiah Bruce from school. He and  his mom just went into that church.  He must be in Detroit for the concert.  Can I go say good-bye to him?
67) 5) dialog: I'm not going to wander. I'm just  gonna go over there.
67) 6) text: Beth points to St. Sebastian's.
67) 7) dialog: He's with his mom.
67) 9) text: Beth is already out the door and halfway across the stree Dad pats mom's shoulder.
68) 0) text: Beth runs up to the cathedral and sneaks in.
75) 0) text: Jam sits in the front pew, head buried in his hands as Mr Bruce and the priest talk on the alter. Beth moves quietly in the back, unseen and unheard. She l overwhelmed by the architecture, the detail on the staine glass windows, the icons carved into the columns that sup the extravagantly decorated ceiling. The priest catches a glimpse of Beth meandering in the ba
75) 2) text: Beth smiles nervously and heads back toward the front doo passing a confessional booth. She throws a glance back at the priest and Mrs. Bruce who have returned to conferring their backs to her. She stealthily ducks into the booth.
76) 4) text: Beth leans forward slightly and listens to Jam's confessi
83) 4) text: As they carry the drum back up the stairs, we see it is n empty. Once the roadies are gone, CAMERA TILTS UP to the  ceiling. There's Lex clutching exposed pipes for dear lif hanging upside down, praying the coast is clear. BETH'S CONFESSION / COMPENSATORY POSSIBILITIES
84) 0) text: Jam is at the end of his confession. The priest is still  listening on the other side of the screen. Beth sits in t shadows behind Jam.
84) 7) text: The priest SLIDES the door shut again. Jam is all but shr in darkness, but can make out the time on his watch. It's getting late. He resignedly sits on the bench behind him. right on Beth's lap. Jam yells, but Beth throws her hand over his mouth. His e bulge. He can't believe what he's seeing. He climbs off B and sits next to her.
84) 9) dialog: Believe it.
84) 12) text: BETH can hardly speak. She gulps thinking of what to say.
84) 13) dialog: I have a confession. Here it is.
84) 14) text: Beth gives him the biggest, wettest, sloppiest kiss in  recorded history. She pulls away finally wiping her mouth
84) 15) dialog: I didn't mean for that to be so...  intense. Forgive me.
84) 18) dialog: I've loved you ever since I first  laid eyes on you, Jeremiah. I've  just always been too scared to show  it.
84) 20) dialog: You don't know how long I've been  waiting to hear that... Jam!
84) 22) dialog: We've got to take this slow...
84) 24) dialog: Oh, screw it!
86) 0) text: Jam and Beth lay buck naked, tightly wrapped around each  other in the heat of passion on the confessional booth fl They kiss, sweat, and PANT heavily. Suddenly, the sliding door to the priest's booth opens. J and Beth freeze.
86) 6) text: We hear the door SLIDE shut again as Beth and Jam pick up where they left off.
90) 0) text: Beth lays in Jam's arms on the floor. They might as well the only two people on the face of the earth. They whispe
90) 1) dialog: So. Is it true that Gene Simmons had  a cow's tongue grafted onto his real  one? Y'know, to make it so long?
90) 3) dialog: Your man is the drummer, Peter Criss,  right?
90) 5) dialog: I have all your notebook doodles  memorized, Jam... Here.
90) 6) text: She opens her backpack and pulls out a package addressed Jam. The return address reads: Beth Bumsteen, Somewhere i Ann Arbor.
90) 8) dialog: My dad's company is relocating him.  We're moving. That's why I was acting  so freaky in school today. I thought  it was the last time I'd ever see  you. Anyway, open the box. I would  have given it to you this morning,  except... like I said, I was freaking  out.
90) 10) dialog: I pass by this really cool tee-shirt  shop on my way to school every day  and I know you wear those black tee- shirts all the time. You look like a  size thirty-five, but all the sizes  were in Roman numerals. So I got you  an XXXL. That's thirty-five, isn't  it?
90) 11) text: Touched, Jam kisses her for a long time. He starts puttin on the shirt when suddenly they hear the SHUFFLING of the priest entering his booth. Jam grabs his clothes and sits back on the bench. Beth starts getting dressed at his fee
90) 15) text: Beth is tying her shoes. Jam slips on his socks.
90) 23) text: Fully dressed, Beth crawls out of the confessional.
91) 0) text: We can hear the priest's voice as Jam hurries to Beth. Th dash out the door.
97) 0) text: Beth's parents wait in the running car as Jam and Beth sh a heartfelt good-bye outside the back door.
97) 1) dialog: Ann Arbor isn't... that far from  Cleveland, right?
97) 3) dialog: That'd be great. Hey, maybe someday  your band'll play there. It's a  college town, you know?
97) 6) dialog: Let's not think about the past. Let's  just think about from today on. I'll  never forget you, Jam.
97) 9) dialog: (flustered) Coming dad. (to Jam) I'll call you. Soon as we get a phone.  Bye.