52) 0) text: The speakers BLAST a DISCO SONG to which the four passeng sing. KENNY, the driver, HONKS to the disco beat. They're slightly older than our heroes and very full of  themselves. Kenny and his best girl CHRISTINE sit in the  front. BOBBY and BARBARA are in the back. It's a double d date.
54) 2) text: He turns off the stereo and floors the accelerator, swerv into the left lane and passing the Volvo. Bobby is just n noticing the mess on the windshield. He starts to laugh.
54) 3) dialog: Hey, Kenny, look! There's a hunk of  fawkin' cheese on your windsheel!
56) 0) text: The Trans Am muscles the Volvo into the breakdown lane.  Parking the ass end of the Pontiac out a bit, Kenny block the Volvo in. Kenny and Bobby climb from their car and st over to the boys. Hawk opens his door just as Kenny's hairy-knuckled hands  pull him out through the window. He grabs Trip, yanking h out too. Bobby opens the back door and does the same with Lex and Jam. With a kid in each hand now, Kenny and Bobby SLAM the fou boys against the Volvo in a line. The size difference bet the burnouts and the guidos is painfully obvious now. Ken and Bobby are Neanderthals.
56) 15) text: Kenny looks at Bobby and they exchange moronic grins.
56) 26) dialog: Break his fawkin' legs, Kenny!
56) 29) text: And with that, Kenny grabs himself a fistful of Hawk's lo hair and pulls him over to the Trans Am. He wipes the piz off with Hawk's hair, tugging Hawk's head up and down, ba and forth. Hawk GRUNTS with each wipe, but doesn't give K the satisfaction of hearing him scream. Trip, Lex, and Jam watch helplessly, trapped under Bobby' dull-witted, but equally threatening gaze. Kenny gets the last of the big chunks off his windshield looks at his handiwork.
56) 31) text: He throws Hawk to the ground and smiles at Bobby. Then, h suddenly hears the KISS tune coming from the Volvo. Uh-oh
56) 40) dialog: Let her go, Barbara, she'll come  back to Kenny. She always does... (to Kenny) Right, Kenny?
56) 60) text: Kenny chuckles and looks at Bobby. They have a good littl laugh... the homo's got balls! Then Kenny turns back to H
56) 65) text: Quick as a shot, Hawk SLAMS the bottom of the can into Ke nose, crushing it flat against his face. Hawaiian backwas spews from its tab hole like blood as Kenny falls backwar from the impact. He hits his head on the ground. Taking this as a cue... Trip whips out his wallet on a  chain... Lex rips off his KISS belt... And Jam yanks out drumsticks. As if choreographed, Trip swoops the wallet at Bobby's fe snagging him around the ankles tightly with the chain. Le THWAMS Bobby in the face with his big KISS belt buckle le a reversed, red, KISS logo branded in his forehead. Trip yanks the chain pulling Bobby off his feet. When he  hits the ground, Jam's right there DRUMMING his balls. Bobby shrieks. Meanwhile, Hawk advances on Kenny who tries to get the ca off his face, but it's stuck on looking like a pig's nose with fruit punch for snot. Hawk raises both his hands in Kenny's face, then executes the final insult... Hawk messes Kenny's hair. Kenny lets a scream that comes from the bottom of his vanity. Hawk grabs Kenny by the ears and brings the guido's head  swiftly against his kneecap. Kenny falls to the ground,  unconscious on top of Bobby. Their heads collide knocking Bobby out cold. Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornere