72) 0) text: The store is crawling with KISS FANS, some reading the co books, others playing pinball against a far wall, still o looking at the poster section. Trip enters on a mission. He looks around catching the eye of a pretty CASHIER. She a rocker, wearing a Who tee-shirt, a mood ring, and just little too much make-up. She smiles at him. Trip returns smile with a feeble wave. Her mood ring turns from blue t pink. Concentrating on the layout of the store, Trip peers all way to the back to a darkened corner... where he spies a  LITTLE KID wearing a KISS tee-shirt playing a KISS pinbal machine. Trip smiles. The eagle has spotted a fuzzy, little bunny. moves in for the kill, walking past a crowd of kids at th magazine rack, past the Hostess aisle, past the dairy coo and into the darkened corner. He stands behind the little kid, relishing this moment. T kid is actually pretty good. We also see now the little k has his face painted like Ace Frehley.
87) 3) text: Trip sends brief, agitated glances around the store meeti the cashier's eyes again. She smiles at him coyly as she  plays with her mood ring. He gives her the eye, then retu to his comic.
87) 6) text: Trip snaps out of it. All the shoppers and cashier are  starring at him. He COUGHS loudly, clearing his throat to cover his outburst. The shoppers go back to shopping. A MAN WITH A LONG COAT enters the store, looks around, th takes a spot alongside Trip and opens a Mad Magazine.
87) 8) text: Trip puts a hand in his pocket and takes one last look at Stretch Armstrong before stuffing the action figure back so it looks like he's got a gun. He takes three deep brea and discreetly pulls his knit cap down over his eyes,  revealing it actually as a semi-ski mask that covers the half of his face. Just then, the man with the coat puts the magazine back a pulls something over his own head. Trip whirls around pointing Stretch-in-his-pocket at the  cashier... Just as the man in the coat, now masked with a stocking,  pulls the biggest shotgun ever made from under his coat,  pointing it at the cashier as well. The cashier shrieks. does Trip.
87) 10) text: His thunder now stolen, Trip drops to the floor along wit everyone else. The air is very tense. The cashier starts  SOBBING, keeping her hands in the air.
87) 12) dialog: P-p-please, mister, I'm just a high  school kid...
87) 13) text: Man with the coat COCKS the chamber and the cashier  immediately opens the register drawer and starts emptying it.
95) 0) text: It's a stand-off. Prone customers look up at Trip and the man with the long coat circling each other like sharks. T helpless cashier lets out fearful sobs.
95) 11) text: Trip lets go. WZZMACK! The man gets it right in the face falls backward onto the Hostess display, toppling a whole bunch of Ho-Ho's, Ding-Dong's, Twinkies, and Suzy-O's to ground. Trip runs up and grabs the shotgun away as the man with t coat lifts his head briefly, then passes out. Trip turns around and the cashier SLAMS into him, nearly  knocking him over. She throws her arms around him letting out relieved SOBS. Behind her all the customers rise from the floor CLAPPING. Trip did it. He saved the fucking sto The cashier looks into Trip's masked eyes.
95) 12) dialog: Thank you! Thank you!... Who are  you?
95) 14) text: She plants a thousand mega-watt kiss on his lips and we Z IN on her mood ring changing color from gray to fire engi red. Trip's eyes widen just before... KABOOM... The shotgun he holding goes off, blowing a hole in the ceiling. The recoil from the blast jolts Trip and the cashier apar We now see Trip's face is smeared with bright, red lipsti A huge chunk of ceiling falls onto his head but he doesn' move. The kiss hit him harder. I'M HERE FOR THE GIRL AND THE CAR
99) 0) text: The cashier, shoppers, and a gathering CROWD watch two co load the dazed man with the coat into a cruiser.
99) 2) dialog: It's company policy to hand over a  cash reward of a hundred and fifty  dollars to anyone who stops a robbery.  I gave him the money and he took  off.
99) 5) text: The cruiser takes off and the cashier stares at her mood  ring. It throbs red like a beating heart.
99) 6) dialog: (sighing to herself) If I see Dr. Love any time soon,  you're gonna have to wait till I'm  done with him first.