72) 16) text: A titanic guy at the comic book rack looks up from his is of "Thing" when he hears his name. CHONGO has a very low  forehead and the expression of an angry bull plastered on his face.
72) 23) text: Chongo is getting ever-closer with his tree trunk legs, h barrel chest and hydraulic biceps. He is joined by TWO BU
72) 25) text: Chongo arrives eyeing Trip with distaste. Trip goes white
72) 26) dialog: This fairy givin' you shit, bro?
72) 29) text: Chongo and his two buds laugh. Then, without a second of  warning, Chongo belts Trip in the gut. Trip doubles over falls breathlessly to his knees.
72) 30) dialog: Okay, pimple dick, you've got the  option of walking outside with us or  gettin' dragged out. Either way you're  comin' with us.
72) 34) text: Chongo scratches his head.
72) 35) dialog: How much cash do you figure?
72) 37) text: The little kid taps his finger on his chin and the theme  from "JEOPARDY" begins. While the kid thinks, Trip looks  nervously up at Chongo and his buds. Chongo reaches into denim vest pocket and we hear a CRINKLING NOISE. He comes back up with two walnuts, putting them between his bicep forearm. Trip watches in horror as Chongo makes a muscle and the  walnuts are shelled between two walls of iron-hard flesh. CREEEAAAACK! Chongo eats the walnuts, shells and all.
78) 0) text: Trip looks at the little kid, Chongo, and the two buds in fear.
78) 6) text: Chongo advances, muscles flexing.
78) 8) text: The little kid and Chongo look at each other.
78) 9) dialog: I don't trust him.
78) 13) text: Trip nods sullenly as the kid, Chongo, and the two buds e Then he checks to make sure Stretch Armstrong is still wi him.
100) 4) text: Chongo reels back and...
100) 7) dialog: Hey, the jerkoff's got drugs.
100) 9) text: Chongo laughs like an ejaculating gorilla as he and his t buds scoop it all up. The little kid, Chongo, and the bud leave Trip lying in a puddle of his own nose blood. He pulls out Stretch Armstrong and looks at him fondly.
104) 6) text: The ticket takers turn to see the little kid, Chongo, and their two buds just going in. The ticket takers signal tw security guards who proceed to stop the four stunned kids and confiscate their tickets. They find all the stolen do and Trip's wallet.