52) 0) text: The speakers BLAST a DISCO SONG to which the four passeng sing. KENNY, the driver, HONKS to the disco beat. They're slightly older than our heroes and very full of  themselves. Kenny and his best girl CHRISTINE sit in the  front. BOBBY and BARBARA are in the back. It's a double d date.
56) 12) dialog: Kenny, come on with the macho crap  already. Like this kid could take  you in a fight anyway.
56) 19) dialog: (using "oh" to mean  "enough") Oh! With the language!
56) 21) text: Christine snarls at Kenny.
56) 37) dialog: That's it, Kenny! I'm leaving!
56) 38) text: Christine gets out of the car and starts walking down the highway, exiting the scene.
57) 2) text: Jam points out at the road ahead to Christine. She's a fe hundred feet away walking sadly in the breakdown lane.
57) 7) text: Hawk slows down, turning into the breakdown lane, travell about two miles per hour. Christine doesn't notice as the edge closer to her.
58) 0) text: Christine sits between Jam and Lex in the back SNAPPING g Jam and Lex stare at her like cats looking at a fish bowl Hawk looks in the rearview mirror at Christine checking  herself in a compact. She swathes on some 7-Up flavored,  Bonnie Bell lip gloss. Trip meanwhile twirls the joint he's just finished rollin in his mouth, sealing it. He winks at her disgustingly.
58) 1) dialog: Oh, great. I just hitched a ride  with a bunch of potheads... I'm  hooking up with some people at this  funky place in downtown Detroit called  Disco Inferno. Mind droppin' me there?
58) 3) dialog: (grossed out) What the hell is that supposed to  mean?
58) 8) dialog: Well, your tee-shirt may say rock  'n' roll, but your breath says  pepperoni, baby.
58) 11) dialog: (thoroughly offended) What? That's disgusting!
58) 14) dialog: Tease? What the hell did I do to  tease you mongoloids?
58) 16) dialog: Oh, God, how calculating of me to  lead you all on like that after you  offered me a ride in the middle of  nowhere.
58) 18) text: Trip lights the joint and takes a lungful of pot. He pass it to Lex and the joint begins to make its rounds with th exception of Christine. The car starts to fill with smoke
58) 19) dialog: The name's Christine, not stella.   And there's no need to be such pigs  just cause I prefer Donna Summer or  KC and the Sunshine Boys or the  Village People over KISS?
58) 22) dialog: I can take care of myself, but thanks  anyway, germ.
58) 24) dialog: Whatever. (to Hawk) Okay, Joe Burnout, let's get one  thing straight here. As far as I'm  concerned good tunes is good tunes,  be it disco or rock or polka or  whatever have you, regardless of the  category. True, if I had to choose,  I'd pick the category labelled disco  because I happen to enjoy dancing.  Disco is just easier to dance to.
58) 27) text: Christine processes this remark.
58) 28) dialog: Now there's an intelligently biting  remark wrought with wit and irony.
58) 31) dialog: Yeah, why don't you put your money  where your mouth is?
58) 33) dialog: Why don't you bend over, you're  looking right at it!
58) 34) text: All, Christine included, pause to think about what that  comment was supposed to mean. Lex takes a hit off the joi
58) 37) dialog: (realization) Hey, you're right. "Bend over you're  looking right at it?!" (starts to laugh) What's that supposed to mean anyway?
58) 38) text: Christine succumbs to the contagious giggle epidemic and whole car gets a great laugh for a while. They finally calm down again and wipe tears from their ey Lex still has the joint now as Christine looks at it.
58) 39) dialog: Man, this is some kickass shit! (beat) Gimme a hit off that jay will ya?
60) 0) text: Christine is fast asleep between Jam and Lex.
93) 8) dialog: Then maybe you guys'll let me go,  huh?
93) 9) text: Lex follows the voice and sees Christine handcuffed to a  radiator near the rear of the shop.
93) 10) dialog: Come on, whadaya say? You scratch my  back, I scratch yours. You let me  go, and in return, I keep my big  mouth shut about your little operation  here. Mum, know what I mean?
93) 17) text: Christine GAGS at the thought.
96) 0) text: BZZZZZ! Christine and the beefy jerks watch the brown, '7 Volvo, Ohio plates: OB-GYN, ascend on a hydraulic lift. Behind them sits the BMW skeleton. These boys work fast.
96) 1) dialog: You guys better kill me before you  do what you're thinking of doing.  Cause when I'm mad enough, I can  bite down very hard.
96) 7) text: They giggle maniacally and lumber toward Christine. Their shadows growing larger and larger across her.
96) 8) dialog: (mile a minute) Now wait a minute, guys! Two against  one ain't fair. Lemme go back and  get my friend Barbara. You'd love  her. Tits the size of your head.  You'll feel like a little baby sucking  on 'em. I swear, I'll bring her right  back. It'll be a four-way... You  guys like disco? I teach disco dancing  at my church. You guys look like you  got rhythm in your blood. Come on,  free lessons if you let me go.
96) 10) text: They both laugh. Just as they're about to grab her... Suddenly, the garage door behind them SLIDES UP revealing darkness. Christine and the beefy jerks look out anxiousl
96) 12) text: Silence except for CRICKETS. Then... from out of the dark emerges a figure... Lex. Christine's eyes brighten like a bulb.
96) 19) text: The beefy jerks drop their tools on their feet and yelp i pain. The pack takes this as a threat and charge the beef jerks, who bolt for a glass-partitioned office. The dogs  SCRATCH and BARK at the window ferociously. Lex smiles at Christine. She smiles back. He presses the  "down" button on the lift and the Volvo descends. Lex yel to the beefy jerks through the glass.
96) 21) text: Lex unlocks Christine. She leaps into his arms.
96) 22) dialog: Wow! Thank you! You're cooler than  the Fonz.
101) 0) text: Christine sits in an idling taxi taking money from Lex, w stands outside the window.
101) 2) dialog: Come with. It's not too late for you  to catch the fever.
101) 4) text: Christine takes his hand and writes something on his palm lipstick.
101) 5) dialog: Here's my number. Tell me how cool I  am over the phone sometime. Okay?
101) 7) dialog: (to CABBIE) Disco Inferno, on the double.