19) 20) text: The boys whip their heads around to see a potbellied, yel toothed, security officer with long sideburns and slicked back hair at the far end of the hall, fists on his hips. Meet ELVIS.
19) 22) dialog: Could that be three detentions I  smell?
19) 23) text: Elvis laughs and breaks into a run barreling down on them like a maniac. Keys JANGLING furiously.
19) 26) text: They take off in three different directions. Still laughi Elvis stops where the boys just were. Which one to follow He bolts after Hawk who has taken the nearest staircase.
21) 0) text: Meanwhile, Elvis HUFFS and PUFFS up a flight of stairs  arriving at a set of swinging doors. He goes to push one but it swings out at him with a vengeance knocking him  backward. From behind it pops Hawk wielding a fire extinguisher. BL A hail of foam covers Elvis's face. Hawk shoves the  extinguisher into the man's arms and pushes Elvis backwar down the stairs. He topples ass-over-head till he hits th landing.
21) 2) text: Elvis rises and shakes the CO2 off like a wet dog. Lookin up, he sees the door gently swinging in and out. No sign Hawk.
30) 0) text: A cubby-of-an-office. Cluttered beyond belief. Elvis lean back on his chair against the wall reading a PLOP Magazin A transistor radio plays W.A.R.P. He bolts at the sound o Trip's name causing his chair to slide out from under him
32) 0) text: Still on the floor, Elvis grabs the little radio with rag flips it off and screams at it.
32) 1) dialog: Why you little...! Over my dead body!
34) 34) text: Hawk points across the cafeteria and sure enough Elvis ha just entered. Luckily, he hasn't noticed the boys yet. Elvis swaggers to a table of CHEERLEADERS, puts his leg o chair and starts a one-sided conversation with them. They promptly push their trays away, having lost their appetit Meanwhile, back at the condiment tray, Hawk and Trip each grab a big handful of ketchup packets and head to a table Lex reluctantly follows suit grabbing a big handful of ke packets too. All three of them put their trays down and s
34) 36) text: Hawk approaches the exit door, glances either way, then  leaves. Trip and Lex look at their watches for five seconds. Then Trip heads for the exit door also. Lex still stares at his watch. After five, he looks at El who stops talking to the cheerleaders. As if possessing s sixth sense, Elvis turns quickly and looks STRAIGHT INTO  CAMERA. ELVIS'S POV -- He spots the swinging exit door and an emp table with three full lunch trays sitting on it.
34) 37) dialog: Excuse me, ladies.
34) 38) text: Relieved he's gone, the cheerleaders start eating again. Elvis moves through the cafeteria in SLOW MOTION toward t exit door. The hunter in action.
35) 0) text: Elvis pushes through the door and into a hall, dead-eye s focused up ahead where the hallway turns sharply. He catc a glimpse of Lex. Smiling like the devil, Elvis bolts.
36) 0) text: Lex catches up with Hawk and Trip just as Elvis swings ar the corner and marauds after them CACKLING maniacally. A chase ensues. Down hallways. Around corners. Upstairs. Do ramps. Hawk, Trip, and Lex scramble as fast as they can to escap the clutches of their sideburn-clad nemesis. As the boys pass a classroom, a NERD comes out pushing a  projector on an AV cart. Thinking fast, Hawk grabs it out the nerd's hands and pushes it down the hall at Elvis.
36) 2) text: CRASH! Elvis bashes face-first into the rolling cart. He the projector go tumbling. Not wasting a second, Elvis is back on his feet and after them again. The nerd grabs his hair in horror at the sight of the smashed projector.
37) 2) text: Suddenly, a screaming Elvis slides into the open door on stomach and bowls Miss Hibbs over like a Brunswick. He cl to his feet and shoots out the room leaving everyone stun
38) 0) text: Pausing at the corner, Elvis takes a breath and leaps aro it. He smiles at what he sees. Up ahead, Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand on a 3-stair stoop,  desperately pulling at a locked door. Elvis smiles. They  GULP.
38) 1) dialog: KISS concert? Kiss my ass morelike.  A nice, fat detention oughta put a  crimp in this evening's plans.
38) 2) text: Elvis takes his key ring off his belt and begins twirling it. The boys turn and face him. He savors the moment.
38) 3) dialog: Looking for something, rodents?
38) 7) text: Elvis laughs and lurches forward -- the boys' cue to drop the ketchup packets at their feet and...
38) 11) text: They start stomping on the packets, squirting Elvis's fac and torso with tomato-based condiment causing him to let a scream that lasts the rest of the scene. Ketchup spatte across his body in SUPER SLOW MOTION. A shot hits him in mouth and he COUGHS it back out in mid-scream. The boys stomp relentlessly, mercilessly, blasting their  nemesis with hideous cafeteria red as Elvis throws his ar back, body quaking at every splat. It's kind of like the  scene in "The Godfather" where Sonny gets it. Beaten and spent, his scream now dried up to a hoarse GAS Elvis slips on some ketchup at his feet. He hits the floo with a THUD right in the goop. He lays there letting out SOBS looking like a bunless wiener. Hawk jumps off the stoop. Taking Elvis's key chain away, hops back up and unlocks the door letting Trip and Lex ou Hawk whips the keys back at Elvis, hitting him in the hea then flashes a pearly Error Flynn smile.
38) 13) text: Hawk bolts out the door. Elvis tries to get up only to sl in the muck again and fall back down twice as hard.
38) 14) dialog: Nooooo!!
77) 19) text: Hawk starts gyrating even though the music is still off. emcee shrugs, re-cuing the song. It starts again as Hawk  faces the crowd, dancing with new-found bravado. The women come out of their dumbstruck comas and reluctan start CLAPPING again. Hawk pulls off his jacket and twirls it over his head Rog Daltry style. Then he pulls it back down and tosses it in the crowd. The women actually fight over it. Encouraged, Hawk then peels off his KISS Army tee-shirt a hurls it at the women, who SQUEAL with delight. Sure, he be scrawny, but they don't mind. This lad's got personali Adrenaline pumping, confidence building, Hawk starts play the crowd of very responsive ladies. He unbuttons his jeans first. Then, leaving them on, he d an "air guitar" medley: Chuck Berry, ZZ Top, Angus Young  from AC/DC, and Elvis Costello in six easy steps. Hawk finishes off with a Pete Townshend windmill, shaking his ass at his audience in mid-strum, then licks his fing and touches one of his cheeks: "hot stuff" (he does this a manly way of course). Then Hawk pauses to adjust what looks to be his underwear bunching up in his crack. The women WHOO-HOO. He segues into a Mick Jagger rooster strut and the ladies ga-ga. He makes the sign of the horns with each hand and  wiggles a protruding tongue like Gene Simmons. The gals s in orgastic joy. Then, Hawk goes for the gold. Yes, he does the Fonzie dan The women are now overcome by sheer animal lust. Hawk's  whipped his audience into a frenzied pack of bitches in h Amanda smirks and sucks from her little drink straw  suggestively. At long last Hawk figures he has to give them what they w He puts his fingers to his fly, pauses, then unzips. His  Brittanias fall to his ankles, revealing a pair of bony l sticking down from some KISS boxer shorts. The ladies go  batty. Unfortunately Hawk has neglected a cardinal rule of disro Never pull your pants down without taking your shoes off  first. He tries to kick off his shoes. The left one goes  flying across the bar and THWACK, beans a MIDDLE-AGED WOM in the face. She flies backwards over a chair. Trying to kick the other shoe off, Hawk loses his balance and falls backwards, hitting his head on the edge of the  bar.
103) 22) text: Yes, Elvis. Fire in his eyes. Mania on his mind. And tick in his hand.
103) 23) dialog: (laughing hysterically) Whose laughing now?! Whose laughing  now, ya little shits?! I told ya...  Over my dead body! Ha-HA-HAAA!
103) 26) dialog: (crazed) That's right. This ain't school.  It's not about school anymore. Now  it's personal.
103) 28) dialog: Boys, this time... I win!
103) 29) text: Elvis stuffs all four tickets in his mouth and chews craz In seconds, GULP. Elvis explodes into unhinged laughter a he runs away zigzagged down the street. Our boys are left dumbstruck and speechless. After a real long pause...