42) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce and FATHER McNULTY stand outside his office. T door is open a tad. Jam sits just beyond it, but all we s are his corduroyed legs which shake. Jam is one nervous k
42) 2) text: Father McNulty has a look of utter compassion on his face
42) 3) dialog: Anything for a potential tuition...  to be given to charity of course.
42) 5) dialog: He already has.
42) 6) text: They hug. She exits. And the look of utter compassion on  Father McNulty's face disappears.
43) 1) dialog: Before enrolling you, Jeremiah, let  me just say it would be greatly  appreciated if your career at St.  Bernard's was an uneventful one.  Some students believe they can get  expelled through disobedience and  recklessness. What they don't  understand is even after God's  vengeance is meted out, He forgives.  That His devastating anger is followed  by His nurturing compassion. In a  nutshell, St. Bernard's may punish  you even for the slightest digression,  but will never cast you out, even  for the largest. So here you are,  Jeremiah... here to stay!
43) 2) text: Father McNulty sticks the pencil into an electric pencil  sharpener and it makes the same NOISE a DENTIST'S DRILL d when burrowing into a molar. Jam shudders. The Father removes the pencil and blows the shavings away from the needle-sharp tip.
43) 3) dialog: Let's begin the enrollment, shall  we?
45) 1) dialog: Jeremiah, are you aware you need to  answer these questions, not just  listen to them? Jeremiah?
45) 3) dialog: Please don't become difficult this  early in your stay. I hate  disciplining boys before I get to  know them.
45) 6) dialog: Ah, yes! Send him in Sister Conimaria.
45) 8) dialog: Well, what's the damage, pizza fellow?
45) 13) text: Father McNulty swivels back around with a ten.
45) 14) dialog: Here's ten and I'm donating your tip  to the church. The Lord thanks you.
45) 17) dialog: And not a moment too soon. I'm  famished. I hope you brought a lunch  for yourself.
45) 19) text: Father McNulty raises his eyebrows, then opens the pizza  box.
45) 20) dialog: Well! It finally speaks. There's one  barrier we've broken through.
45) 21) text: Father McNulty smiles, taking a big bite. Jam smiles for entirely different reason. The priest mumbles with a mout
45) 22) dialog: You know, your coming here reminds  me of a gospel called The Prodigal  Son.
45) 24) dialog: There was once a farmer who had two  sons. Both grew up on the farm,  helping their father until... (suddenly alarmed) GYYAACK!
45) 25) text: Father McNulty GAGS sticking his pizza-covered tongue out He pours himself a glass of wine and sucks it down lookin concerned for the moment. Finally, he BELCHES.
45) 26) dialog: That was a very stale mushroom. (beat) Where was I?... Ah, yes, one day the  elder son decided to leave the farm...
46) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex look up at Father McNulty's window.
47) 1) dialog: (in mid-guffaw) So then, the younger one says, "But  dad... I've been helping you on the  farm my entire life! (belly laugh) You never once slaughtered the fatted  calf for me!" And then... (more belly laughter) Forgive me, Jeremiah, it's just  that... I've been telling this gospel  for years and... I just now realized  it's the work of some comedy  mastermind! The Prodigal Son is a  barrel of fucking monkeys!
47) 2) text: Father McNulty belly laughs so hard this time, he slides his chair hitting his chin on the edge of his desk. He is pain only momentarily, then laughs again, this time at hi own pratfall. He hoists himself back into his chair. Hawk, Trip, and Lex suddenly barge into the office, follo by the outraged nun.
47) 5) dialog: A little to the right, pizza fellow.
47) 6) text: Father McNulty laughs some more.
47) 8) dialog: (waving) Rock on!
47) 10) dialog: (yelling after them) Give my regards to the guy with the  really big tongue!
47) 12) dialog: What the hell are you doing, Sister  Gonorrhea, waiting for a bus?
47) 13) text: He lets out a belly laugh as the shocked nun runs from th office. Father McNulty laughs even louder at her behavior POUNDING his fists on the desk, tears rolling down his ch until... He suddenly glimpses at the painting of the Virgin Mary a abruptly stops laughing. What appears to be extreme contr washes over his face as he moves closer to the painting.
47) 14) dialog: Jesus H. Christ, look at all the  colors.