3) 2) text: They stink, but they sure are trying hard. Meet the band  "Mystery." Concert tee-shirts, holey jeans, total burn-ou HAWK, a scraggily-haired, disenchanted youth, strains his vocal chords on the microphone as he SCRATCHES at his rhy guitar. Hawk is sort of the brains of this operation, but knowing the others, that doesn't say much. LEX POUNDS a bass with earnest determination. Lanky with posture, Lex is already sporting worry lines. He takes  everything way-too-seriously. TRIP STRUMS lead guitar like he's hammering nails. All id Trip is slightly out of his mind. But, is it the chemical or just his chemistry. He always wears a knit cap. JAM, a sensitive kid (but no wuss), BASHES on his drums l a madman making the bass drum pulsate like a spastic hear The big drum bears the word "Mystery" painted on its skin with a lightning "S" just like the KISS logo. They bring the classic tune to a shrieking conclusion and thrust their hands over their heads in the KISS symbol.   Hawk screams into the mike at their imaginary audience.
3) 3) dialog: Thank you, Cleveland! You're a great  crowd. But after three and a half  hours of kick-ass rock and seven  encores on top of that, I'm sorry to  say that this time we really gotta  get back to our hotel rooms and fuck  some groupies.
3) 15) text: Lex quickly throws a KISS towel over a TV tray hiding a b cigarettes, overloaded ashtray. Trip kicks half-empty bee bottles under the bed. Hawk sprays Lysol frantically arou the room as Jam shovels gum into his mouth. KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK! Mrs. Bruce pounds on the cellar wind crouching to see in. She looks like a crazed, underlit ps
4) 0) text: The front door opens. Jam steps out to greet his mom with nervous smile. Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand at a safe distan in the foyer behind him.
4) 4) text: She hauls Jam across the lawn. Hawk, Lex, and Trip step o the porch looking on in sympathetic embarrassment. Mrs. B stuffs the record in the trash can then throws Jam in the front seat. SCREECH, the station wagon pulls away.
4) 7) dialog: Lex, quit trying to always jinx  things. Don't worry, dudes. Nobody's  missing that concert tomorrow night.
6) 0) text: Hawk is on the phone as Lex and Trip scour every inch of cluttered room on their hands and knees searching frantic for something.
6) 1) dialog: Jam, listen up.
6) 3) dialog: Just listen up, man, cause we are in  a quandary.
7) 1) dialog: Are you on the crapper with one of  those antenna phones? Sounds like  you're taking a dump the size of  Butte, Montana.
7) 3) dialog: Anyway, listen up. They're gone!
7) 5) dialog: The KISS tickets, you nimrod! They're  just fuckin' gone! Please tell me  you have'm!
7) 7) dialog: Just check whatever you were wearing  last night. Now!
8) 0) text: Hawk SIGHS like a deathrow convict pardoned at the last  second.
8) 1) dialog: (to others) He's got'm!
8) 3) dialog: Trip, he took your jacket by mistake.   You must be wearing Jam's.
8) 5) dialog: (into phone) Cool.
8) 7) dialog: Don't be a fembot. So, are you like  grounded because of last night, or  what?
10) 6) dialog: Both you assholes, SHADDAP!
10) 8) dialog: Enough of the mom-bashing, all right?   Lex's mom is cool about us crashing  over here while she's out of town.  And if it weren't for Trip's mom, we  wouldn'ta smoked that fine Panama  Red last night. So leave the women  who gave you life out of it. They're  both cool.
12) 0) text: The suburban high school is teeming with morning activity School buses pull up to the curb. KIDS arrive in droves a immediately find their cliques. The JOCKS and PRIMADONNAS make up the popular crowd. There's DISCO DUDES, FRESHMEN look like grade schoolers, and GEEKS. At the smoking section hang the BURNOUTS. Hawk, Trip, and Lex stand amid the other long-hairs.
12) 3) dialog: Will somebody please tell those chicks  disco is dead.
12) 13) text: Hawk and Lex look and laugh when they see him.
12) 15) dialog: (to Jam) YO, DOOFUS!
13) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam grab books from their lockers.   KISS stickers, photos, and rock magazine cut-outs line th insides. Jam's locker door is covered with Peter Criss on
13) 4) dialog: Okay, enough. Enough. Gimme the  tickets. I wanna hold onto them.
13) 6) dialog: They're what?
13) 11) dialog: All right. After school we double- time it to your house for the tix  before heading to the train station  for the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City.
13) 14) dialog: As they say in the Tampon biz, see  you next period.
15) 0) text: Hawk sits at his lab table burning an eraser with his Bun burner. His eyes widen with horror behind his goggles as other STUDENTS laugh till they hurt.
19) 15) dialog: What are you, high?
19) 17) dialog: For once Lex is right. It's over.  Things can't get any worse from here.
19) 24) dialog: Second floor girls' john! Two minutes!  He'll never look there!
19) 26) text: They take off in three different directions. Still laughi Elvis stops where the boys just were. Which one to follow He bolts after Hawk who has taken the nearest staircase.
21) 0) text: Meanwhile, Elvis HUFFS and PUFFS up a flight of stairs  arriving at a set of swinging doors. He goes to push one but it swings out at him with a vengeance knocking him  backward. From behind it pops Hawk wielding a fire extinguisher. BL A hail of foam covers Elvis's face. Hawk shoves the  extinguisher into the man's arms and pushes Elvis backwar down the stairs. He topples ass-over-head till he hits th landing.
21) 1) dialog: You're way out of your league, Elvis.
21) 2) text: Elvis rises and shakes the CO2 off like a wet dog. Lookin up, he sees the door gently swinging in and out. No sign Hawk.
22) 9) text: Hawk bursts into the bathroom.
22) 10) dialog: We're clear, dudes.
22) 11) text: They run to exit. Hawk first. Suddenly, Hawk backs up aga into Trip and Lex as if a swarm of killer bees was out th
22) 12) dialog: A skirt just came around the corner.
22) 13) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex run back and pile into the last stall All three stand on the toilet bracing their arms against walls for balance. A FOXY GIRL hurries into the stall next to theirs. We see the top halves of three heads peek over the stall's parti The three boys don't make a sound as they watch her sit d As she glances up, they recoil fast. They whisper super-q
22) 14) dialog: That's Sherry VanHafton.
22) 17) dialog: Whoa... she just farted.
22) 19) dialog: Weird...
27) 0) text: Except for the tinkering NOISES that are heard as the STU work on their projects, there is silence in Electronics C The teacher, MR. JOHANSEN, sips from a coffee cup and rea a newspaper, his feet on the desk. The headline says: "Ma Suicide in Jonestown. Cyanide in the Kool-Aid." Above him a long banner reading: "Sorry, Absolutely no bathroom bre Hawk, Trip, and Lex sit before a half-built radio on a wo bench, sheer desperation etched on their faces. Lex solders two copper wires together. Hawk attaches a di Trip absently plays with a squeeze pump attached to a lon plastic tube. He blows air into his face repeatedly with
27) 2) dialog: Maybe some tunage'll chase those  blues away.
27) 3) text: Hawk turns the radio on and a HIGH FREQUENCY WHINE pours  from its speaker. He adjusts the volume, then the tuner,  until a DJ's VOICE comes through crisp and clear.
27) 5) text: Detroit? DETROIT? Hawk, Trip, and Lex react like they've  just been hit by phasers on stun. God is intervening.
27) 7) text: HIGH FREQUENCY NOISES again, then the radio loses recepti Hawk exchanges an anxious glance with Trip and Lex.
27) 9) dialog: Never mind with the too bad shit. I  got a crazy plan, but only the  craziest among us can pull it off.
27) 22) text: Hawk and Lex observe that Trip has been successful, then a Three Stooges-style handshake, whispering "Curly!"
33) 0) text: Students pour into the hall. Hawk and Lex exit the class  just as Trip comes zigzagging down the corridor dodging t hordes. All three converge as Trip can't contain his  enthusiasm.
33) 3) dialog: Fuckin' A! Woooooo!
34) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex hold their trays over the counter as LUNCH LADIES fill them with Salisbury steak, hard dinner  rolls and scoops of bluish pudding. Ah, public school  nutrition.
34) 2) dialog: (double stoked) Stan Lee couldn't think of a better  one.
34) 5) dialog: I'm afraid our constipated little  friend is right this time, Trip.  There is a catch.
34) 6) text: Hawk's really got their attention now.
34) 8) dialog: Our band "Mystery" is a quartet and  we can't go on the road without our  drummer. Jam's mom said something  about sending him to St. Bernard's,  right? We gotta bust him out before  we go anywhere.
34) 10) dialog: So? Your mom's car has a CB, radar  detector and cruise control, check?
34) 12) dialog: Damn straight we are.
34) 14) dialog: And when is she due back from that  groinecologist's convention anyway?
34) 16) dialog: Then lighten up. She'll never know  we touched it. Alright, here's the  plan. We bus it to chez Lex, grab  the Volvo, bail Jam the hell outta  St. Bernard's and arrive at the train  station precisely on time for the  2:45 to Detroit.
34) 19) dialog: There's only so much trouble an  individual can get into till it just  doesn't matter anymore, Lex. You  familiar with a condition known as  Absolute Zero?
34) 21) dialog: Well, Jam is in absolute trouble. He  couldn't get any deeper into shit if  he was a fly sitting in a horse's  ass. You know as well as me he'd  give his right arm just to see Peter  Criss's drum solo, never mind a whole  KISS concert, check?
34) 23) dialog: Well, the least we, his only buds in  the world, can do is take him along  with us tonight and give him one  last curl before he starts serving  his sentence.
34) 25) dialog: I was just explaining to Lex here  what you and I already know. Just  had to make it a little more  complicated so he'd understand.
34) 27) dialog: Curly.
34) 28) text: Hawk scopes out the cafeteria to make sure the coast is c
34) 29) dialog: Ok, dudes, follow my lead.
34) 33) dialog: As I was saying, follow my lead. And  maintain. Elvis just showed up.
34) 34) text: Hawk points across the cafeteria and sure enough Elvis ha just entered. Luckily, he hasn't noticed the boys yet. Elvis swaggers to a table of CHEERLEADERS, puts his leg o chair and starts a one-sided conversation with them. They promptly push their trays away, having lost their appetit Meanwhile, back at the condiment tray, Hawk and Trip each grab a big handful of ketchup packets and head to a table Lex reluctantly follows suit grabbing a big handful of ke packets too. All three of them put their trays down and s
34) 35) dialog: (eyeing Elvis) Five second rule, boys. See you on  the other side.
34) 36) text: Hawk approaches the exit door, glances either way, then  leaves. Trip and Lex look at their watches for five seconds. Then Trip heads for the exit door also. Lex still stares at his watch. After five, he looks at El who stops talking to the cheerleaders. As if possessing s sixth sense, Elvis turns quickly and looks STRAIGHT INTO  CAMERA. ELVIS'S POV -- He spots the swinging exit door and an emp table with three full lunch trays sitting on it.
36) 0) text: Lex catches up with Hawk and Trip just as Elvis swings ar the corner and marauds after them CACKLING maniacally. A chase ensues. Down hallways. Around corners. Upstairs. Do ramps. Hawk, Trip, and Lex scramble as fast as they can to escap the clutches of their sideburn-clad nemesis. As the boys pass a classroom, a NERD comes out pushing a  projector on an AV cart. Thinking fast, Hawk grabs it out the nerd's hands and pushes it down the hall at Elvis.
38) 0) text: Pausing at the corner, Elvis takes a breath and leaps aro it. He smiles at what he sees. Up ahead, Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand on a 3-stair stoop,  desperately pulling at a locked door. Elvis smiles. They  GULP.
38) 4) dialog: Yeah, Elvis...
38) 5) text: Hawk's brow furrows as he pulls about fifty ketchup packe out of his pocket. Trip and Lex do the same.
38) 6) dialog: ..Your ass on a lunch tray.
38) 8) dialog: On your marks and...
38) 10) dialog: Fire!
38) 11) text: They start stomping on the packets, squirting Elvis's fac and torso with tomato-based condiment causing him to let a scream that lasts the rest of the scene. Ketchup spatte across his body in SUPER SLOW MOTION. A shot hits him in mouth and he COUGHS it back out in mid-scream. The boys stomp relentlessly, mercilessly, blasting their  nemesis with hideous cafeteria red as Elvis throws his ar back, body quaking at every splat. It's kind of like the  scene in "The Godfather" where Sonny gets it. Beaten and spent, his scream now dried up to a hoarse GAS Elvis slips on some ketchup at his feet. He hits the floo with a THUD right in the goop. He lays there letting out SOBS looking like a bunless wiener. Hawk jumps off the stoop. Taking Elvis's key chain away, hops back up and unlocks the door letting Trip and Lex ou Hawk whips the keys back at Elvis, hitting him in the hea then flashes a pearly Error Flynn smile.
38) 12) dialog: Elvis, you ain't nothin' but a hot  dog.
38) 13) text: Hawk bolts out the door. Elvis tries to get up only to sl in the muck again and fall back down twice as hard.
39) 0) text: C/U on the grill of a moving car, Ohio vanity plate readi Ob-GYN. PULL BACK to reveal it's on a brand spanking-new, brown V 242 DL hauling ass. Hawk drives, Lex rides shotgun, and T sits in the back, arms draped over the front seat.
41) 3) text: Hawk and Trip roll their eyes.
44) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce exits the building and approaches her car. She stops when she sees the '78 brown Volvo parked behind her It's empty. She shrugs and gets into her car, driving off Inside the Volvo Hawk, Trip, and Lex poke their heads up. The coast is clear so they can sit straight again. They s up at a second story window where they see part of Jam's  profile.
44) 2) dialog: Gimme a second, dudes. Lemme think.
44) 7) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex exchange an anxious glance, then Hawk smiles. He is officially inspired as he turns to the boy.
44) 8) dialog: Yeah, I'm Philip McNutly.
45) 7) text: The nun exits and a second later Hawk enters wearing Lex' baseball cap pulled down over his eyes.
45) 9) dialog: Ten even.
45) 10) text: The priest swivels his chair around and unlocks a box lab "Donations." While he looks for cash, Hawk gives Jam a  discreet kick in the shin. Jam looks up and recognizes Ha He then looks out the window seeing Trip, Lex, and the Vo below. For the first time we see what Jam looks like with a big, fat, shit-eating grin on his face.
45) 11) dialog: (whispering to Jam) If he offers you a slice, you're not  the least bit hungry, check?
45) 15) dialog: Tell the Big Guy not to mention it.
45) 16) text: Hawk takes the ten, tips the brim of the baseball cap and leaves, giving Jam a cautious wink as he goes.
46) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex look up at Father McNulty's window.
46) 3) dialog: Shit! This is such a lousy view. How  the hell are we gonna know when he's  lit?
47) 2) text: Father McNulty belly laughs so hard this time, he slides his chair hitting his chin on the edge of his desk. He is pain only momentarily, then laughs again, this time at hi own pratfall. He hoists himself back into his chair. Hawk, Trip, and Lex suddenly barge into the office, follo by the outraged nun.
47) 4) dialog: It's okay, we're old buds of Father  McNulty... How's it hangin', padre?
47) 7) dialog: That was another dude. Anyway, we're  here to take our bud Jam to the big  satanic KISS concert tonight. Okay  with you?
48) 0) text: Hawk drives, Trip rides shotgun, Lex and Jam sit in the b Stoked beyond belief, Jam POUNDS his drumsticks on the  upholstery to the beat of a rockin' KISS tune playing on 8-track.
48) 6) dialog: Next stop: the 2:45 to Detroit Rock  City!
48) 9) text: The car fishtails and weaves but Hawk manages to pull ove The Chevy continues on, Beth gazing out the rear window s
48) 10) dialog: Shit! (looks at car clock) Anybody know how long it takes to  fix a flat?
49) 0) text: ANGLE ON a status report. The 2:45 is now leaving. We see Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam running alongside a train as it  picks up speed by the second. They YELL for it to stop, b it's hopeless. The train is gone. So much for the 2:45.
50) 0) text: Lex looks at the speedometer. Hawk's got it up to ninety- five.
50) 2) dialog: Lex, am I gonna have to lock you in  the trunk till we reach Detroit?  Don't worry, these babies are built  for speed.
50) 5) dialog: Totally. All I've had for chow was a  packet of Pop Rocks and a Yoo-hoo.
50) 8) dialog: What's in Sandusky?
51) 0) text: The boys chomp on their pizza slices and chug cans of Haw Punch. Another raucous KISS tune BLARES. Behind them, a car horn starts HONKING rhythmically. Hawk looks into the rearview mirror and sees two guys and two  girls in a tailgating Trans Am. The guys have 90 M.P.H. haircuts, tacky, wide-collared sh and massive amounts of jewelry on their necks. The girls wear 10-layer make-up, mega-jewelry, and hair t so high, it touches the car's roof.
51) 1) dialog: Only a car full of guidos and stellas  would ride someone's ass on a two- lane road and beep.
55) 2) text: The Trans Am runs alongside the Volvo and Hawk turns to s Kenny pointing to the breakdown lane.
55) 4) text: Hawk rolls up his window. Kenny yells, VOICE MUFFLED, and points to Hawk who pays absolutely no attention whatsoeve
55) 6) dialog: What?! Are you mentally deranged,  Jam?
55) 8) dialog: What the fuck!
56) 0) text: The Trans Am muscles the Volvo into the breakdown lane.  Parking the ass end of the Pontiac out a bit, Kenny block the Volvo in. Kenny and Bobby climb from their car and st over to the boys. Hawk opens his door just as Kenny's hairy-knuckled hands  pull him out through the window. He grabs Trip, yanking h out too. Bobby opens the back door and does the same with Lex and Jam. With a kid in each hand now, Kenny and Bobby SLAM the fou boys against the Volvo in a line. The size difference bet the burnouts and the guidos is painfully obvious now. Ken and Bobby are Neanderthals.
56) 2) dialog: Hey, disco dude, it's cool...
56) 5) text: Trip, Lex, and Jam clutch their faces in pain. Hawk looks merely disenchanted as Kenny pokes a muscle-bound finger his chest. Getting in Hawk's face, Kenny yammers loud and fast.
56) 7) text: Hawk starts to say "yes."
56) 9) text: Hawk is unimpressed.
56) 10) dialog: Could be.
56) 14) dialog: It could... bake on?
56) 17) text: Hawk figured out that any answer he gives will be incorre and has decided to wait till Kenny's done.
56) 22) dialog: Okay, Kenny? I don't mean to drain  your keg or anything, but could you  speed up this process? (beat) Don't get me wrong, we'd love to  stand here and get shit on by the  cast of Saturday Night Fever, but  we're also on a schedule. So step on  it.
56) 23) text: Cold silence as Kenny replays Hawk's insult over in his h
56) 25) dialog: No, I'm dumber than a goddamn slug.  Now can I please clean your windshield  and leave without further ado?
56) 27) text: Kenny's temper's rising faster than the price of gasoline Hawk on the other hand is cooler than an Otter Pop.
56) 29) text: And with that, Kenny grabs himself a fistful of Hawk's lo hair and pulls him over to the Trans Am. He wipes the piz off with Hawk's hair, tugging Hawk's head up and down, ba and forth. Hawk GRUNTS with each wipe, but doesn't give K the satisfaction of hearing him scream. Trip, Lex, and Jam watch helplessly, trapped under Bobby' dull-witted, but equally threatening gaze. Kenny gets the last of the big chunks off his windshield looks at his handiwork.
56) 31) text: He throws Hawk to the ground and smiles at Bobby. Then, h suddenly hears the KISS tune coming from the Volvo. Uh-oh
56) 45) text: He flings it into the highway, where it is summarily smas to bits under the wheels of a passing semi. FOLLOW a chunk of cartridge and a strand of mangled tape  streaming from it as it sails back toward the side of the road, landing at Jam's feet. TILT UP to Jam's face. He raises his eyes and turns to th CAMERA, a single tear rolling down his cheek, just like t Indian in that "Keep America Beautiful" litter ad. Hawk rises and Kenny comes face-to-face with him.
56) 47) text: Hawk pulls a cigarette from his pocket and lights it. He  blows some smoke in Kenny's face.
56) 48) dialog: Well, let's recap, shall we? You  slapped all of us, yelled at me,  used my head for a rag, threw me on  the ground and tossed our LOVE GUN 8- track under the wheels of a passing  semi. (puffing on cig) So, if the lesson was that you're a  dick with ears and a really bad  haircut, then, yes... I'd say we  learned it.
56) 50) dialog: Okay. Ahem! You. Are. A. Dick. With.  Ears. And. A. Really. Bad. Haircut.
56) 55) dialog: It's not, huh? Well, then, tell me...
56) 56) text: Hawk reaches into his coat pocket and pulls out his mostl empty can of Hawaiian Punch, holding it discreetly at his side.
56) 57) dialog: ...what exactly did my mother say  last night?
56) 59) dialog: You heard me, prick. What did my  mother say last night?
56) 62) text: Hawk is a little mad now. He tosses his cigarette to the  ground and squashes it like a bug under his sneaker.
56) 63) dialog: (very Clint Eastwood) How would you like a nice Hawaiian  Punch?
56) 65) text: Quick as a shot, Hawk SLAMS the bottom of the can into Ke nose, crushing it flat against his face. Hawaiian backwas spews from its tab hole like blood as Kenny falls backwar from the impact. He hits his head on the ground. Taking this as a cue... Trip whips out his wallet on a  chain... Lex rips off his KISS belt... And Jam yanks out drumsticks. As if choreographed, Trip swoops the wallet at Bobby's fe snagging him around the ankles tightly with the chain. Le THWAMS Bobby in the face with his big KISS belt buckle le a reversed, red, KISS logo branded in his forehead. Trip yanks the chain pulling Bobby off his feet. When he  hits the ground, Jam's right there DRUMMING his balls. Bobby shrieks. Meanwhile, Hawk advances on Kenny who tries to get the ca off his face, but it's stuck on looking like a pig's nose with fruit punch for snot. Hawk raises both his hands in Kenny's face, then executes the final insult... Hawk messes Kenny's hair. Kenny lets a scream that comes from the bottom of his vanity. Hawk grabs Kenny by the ears and brings the guido's head  swiftly against his kneecap. Kenny falls to the ground,  unconscious on top of Bobby. Their heads collide knocking Bobby out cold. Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornere
56) 70) text: Hawk grabs a cinderblock off the side of the road, walkin up to the Trans Am.
56) 71) dialog: Right, stella, and we'll deserve it.   But let's really make it worth their  while.
56) 72) text: Hawk puts the rock on the Trans Am's accelerator letting engine WHINE in protest. (Again we are cautious not to sh the guidos' faces.)
56) 73) dialog: By the way, when Kenny wakes up could  you give him a message for me. Tell  him, quote, Kool and the gang bite  my bag, motherfucker, unquote.
56) 74) text: He throws the Trans Am into drive. All who are conscience listen to the brief SCREECH, then  watch the Trans Am as it barrels without a driver into th woods skirting the highway. It races into ditches, bounces off trees, and SPLASHES th ponds, all Smokey and the Bandit-like. The disco-mobile ramps off the edge of an embankment, tum down a steep, rocky incline breaking apart along the way, and finally, BOOM! It explodes on final impact. The boys all look at each other and shrug. Hawk walks bac to the Volvo and gets in. Trip, Lex, and Jam follow suit pile in as well. Lex shouts back to Barbara.
57) 0) text: Hawk starts the engine and takes off. Trip pulls a baggie weed and some rolling papers out.
57) 5) dialog: Oh no, Jam. I'm not falling for that  twice.
57) 7) text: Hawk slows down, turning into the breakdown lane, travell about two miles per hour. Christine doesn't notice as the edge closer to her.
57) 10) dialog: Well, they may not make movies about  four dudes going to a KISS concert.  But if they ever did, the four dudes  most certainly would not stop and  pick up a stranded disco bunny.
58) 0) text: Christine sits between Jam and Lex in the back SNAPPING g Jam and Lex stare at her like cats looking at a fish bowl Hawk looks in the rearview mirror at Christine checking  herself in a compact. She swathes on some 7-Up flavored,  Bonnie Bell lip gloss. Trip meanwhile twirls the joint he's just finished rollin in his mouth, sealing it. He winks at her disgustingly.
58) 5) dialog: (rolls his eyes) Disco Inferno? Disco's infernal  morelike.
58) 20) dialog: (with disdain) The Village People? They're fags!  You're a fag hag!
58) 25) dialog: You call that John Travolta/Denny  Terio shit dancing? I wouldn't dance  like that in private if you paid me.
58) 30) dialog: Hey, if you don't like that one,  maybe you'll think it's funny when  we throw your ass out the goddamn  car!
58) 32) dialog: Why don't you kiss my hairy crack?
58) 36) text: Hawk and Trip immediately bust into the giggles and it do take long for Lex and Jam to follow suit.
59) 0) text: The sun hangs low on this day as the Volvo sits in traffi passing Cobo Hall. Movement is nearly impossible. KISS FANS cram every square foot of open macadam, pushing through the jammed cars. STREET VENDORS hawk KISS souveni from tee-shirts to pennants. Some are in stands along the sidewalk. Others come right up to car windows.
60) 3) dialog: (pointing out  windshield) There it is!
60) 7) dialog: Ample time to grab our tickets at  the station. See, up ahead. W.A.R.P.
60) 9) dialog: Hey, Look at the front entrance! A  car's pulling out. The parking space  from heaven. God is surely smiling  down upon us tonight, dudes.
61) 0) text: "TOP OF THE WORLD" continues, playing through the speaker the ascending elevator inside which Hawk, Trip, Lex, and stand. They watch the numbers climb, smiling.
61) 1) dialog: What was that D.J.'s name again?
62) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam poke their heads around the corn of an office doorway totem pole-style.
62) 1) dialog: Simple Simon?
62) 2) text: SIMPLE SIMON strikes a pose before a full-length mirror i glittery-back Gene Simmons tee-shirt, silver pants, and v high heel boots. He has a huge Afro and bushy moustache. turns when he hears Hawk.
62) 5) dialog: We're right behind you, Simo. Just  wanted to thank you in advance for  handing over those burly-ass tix me  and my buds won this morning.
63) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam sit in the tiny producer's booth with Simon who fast forwards a reel-to-reel tape through  some very loud, high-speed conversation and bits of music Looking at the footage counter on the tape player, he slo down at a certain point and lets the boys listen to this: The CLICK of a phone being answered.
63) 19) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam stare at the floor in silence.
64) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam ride back down the elevator sipp NeHi sodas, watching the floor numbers get lower and lowe Terry Jack's immortal hit "SEASONS IN THE SUN" plays over the elevator speaker.
64) 1) dialog: Well, here we are, dudes. One hour  and thirty minutes away from the  concert of the century... ticketless.  All thanks to Wile E. Coyote, Super-  Fucking Genius over here.
64) 5) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, Trip. What you made  was a big, brainless, pile of horse  shit. No offense.
64) 7) dialog: Please, Jam, we're trying to vent  some hostility here. Sure the whole  thing may be your fault, but who's  gonna get pissed off at you?
64) 10) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex cringe.
64) 11) dialog: I have one question. How could a kid  who wails on the drums like it's the  only thing keeping him alive even  think of such a femmy thing to say?
65) 0) text: COBO Hall looms up ahead. Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam enter the sidewalk. A thickening CROWD of KISS fans continually meander by. On their way to the car, they suddenly hear a WOMAN'S VOI bellowing through a megaphone from somewhere down the str After a moment they see the voice's source. A GROUP OF WOMEN has congregated about forty feet ahead a their LEADER, her back toward the boys, yells to the grou through her bullhorn. Flying above them all is a large ba reading: "MATMOK, Mothers Against The Music Of KISS."
65) 4) dialog: (ignoring Lex) Now there's a woman who totally abuses  the privilege of motherhood.
65) 8) text: Hawk, Trip, and Jam look at their parking spot to see a b up Dodge Dart sitting there instead of the Volvo.
65) 12) dialog: (incredulous) Christine stole it! Asleep, my ass!  The stella booted with your mom's  wheels.
65) 17) dialog: Jam, not another word out of your  femmy-ass mouth! Okay, we're here,  we got nothing, and we got an hour  and a half. We're totally committed.  It's time to brainstorm.
65) 19) dialog: Wake up, Lex. This is Detroit. The  cops aren't gonna waste city dollars  looking for a Swedish car. Face it,  the Volvo's on a cutting board as we  speak getting sliced, diced, and  julienned by Christine, the chop  shop gourmet.
65) 21) dialog: Now listen up. Here's the game plan.
65) 23) dialog: Cool, bro, now listen up...
65) 25) dialog: Okay, shut the fuck up, Lex! Now,  then, step number one, we find us a  scalper. I got... (takes out KISS money  clip) twenty-five.
65) 29) dialog: Uh-uh. Don't tell us, Jam. Just show  us.
65) 31) dialog: So maybe we got enough for one ticket.   Fuck!
65) 33) dialog: (sarcastic) Brilliance, Trip. Sheer brilliance.  Give Albert Einstein here the Nobel  Prize.
65) 36) dialog: Four dudes sneaking in? We'd get  busted fer sure. Bad plan.
65) 38) dialog: Still too risky for my money. (looking at watch) We're running out of time here. This  is KISS! A victory for one is a  victory for the team. I'm sure I can  barter with a scalper, but if you  dudes think you got better plans, go  for it. We'll reconvene at that  intersection...
65) 39) text: Hawk points to the intersection where the church, the mal strip joint, the parking lot, and the Smiley Mart are loc
65) 40) dialog: ...at twenty-thirty hours.
65) 42) dialog: For the next hour and a half it's  every dude for himself. Try to get  at least one ticket and at 8:30 P.M.  we'll meet over there.
65) 44) dialog: Jam, shut-up! You're not allowed to  speak, remember? Go use whatever  femmy idea you have to get yourself  a ticket or four. I don't wanna hear  it.
65) 46) dialog: See you at 8:30, Jam. Later. (to Lex and Trip) Dudes? Later.
65) 47) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex split up, leaving Jam alone. He start walking in the opposite direction, passing MATMOKS. The l is still on a roll, yelling through the megaphone.
69) 0) text: Hawk walks down the sidewalk badgering everyone passing b for a ticket, getting the same stock answer: "Suffer, dud He stops and sits on a curb, lighting a cigarette. Behind him stands the marquee for IT'S RAINING MEN, the male str joint. A DISCO SONG comes from inside. Just when it looks like Hawk's given up, a VOICE is heard above.
69) 2) text: Hawk can't believe his ears. He looks up at a greasy-look hybrid, part porn star, part used car salesman, the SCALP
69) 4) text: Trying to act confident, Hawk takes out his money clip sh the scalper twenty-five dollars.
69) 5) dialog: Dude, this is all I got.
69) 7) dialog: Where the hell am I gonna scare up  that kinda gravy in one hour?
69) 9) text: The scalper points over his shoulder and Hawk turns to se three GIGGLING WOMEN exiting the strip joint. None are un forty. A sign below the bar's logo reads: Amateur Night Giveaway Guys Over 18 Only! Bare It All And Win 75 Bucks!
69) 11) dialog: I can't just walk in and take my  clothes off. It's embarrasskin.
69) 13) text: The scalper turns and Hawk grabs his arm.
69) 14) dialog: Dude, if it were dancing the way  Fred Astaire did it, I'd give it my  best shot. I'd learn the steps and  practice in my spare time. But this...  tribal, ritualistic bullshit, it's  way-too-spontaneous for me.
69) 16) dialog: Hey, I invented fake I.D.s, alright.   That's not the problem... They're  playing disco music in there, man.
69) 18) text: Hawk gets a look of resolve on his face.
69) 21) text: Hawk turns and walks up to the door, hesitating before op it. Rummaging through his pockets, he pulls out a handful expired driver's licenses. Choosing the one he thinks best suits himself, he walks i with trepidation. The scalper sees someone else coming up
70) 0) text: Hawk enters your average, everyday, male strip joint. A c of LUSTY WOMEN cheer on a STRIPPER IN A FIREMAN'S SUIT. H dances on a lighted, tile stage under a spinning, mirror  ball. Hawk shows the MAN AT THE DOOR his fake license and the m nods him in. He approaches the bar in the early stages of being very intimidated. The BARTENDER, a man dressed only in tight, black, tuxedo pants, shirt cuffs, and a tie, comes up to Hawk.
70) 1) dialog: (voice cracking) Like to sign up for the contest.
70) 2) text: The bartender gives Hawk the once over.
70) 4) dialog: Hawk.
70) 6) dialog: Got any KISS?
70) 8) dialog: Yeah, a man's drink...
70) 9) text: Hawk squints at a name tag on the bartender's tie.
70) 10) dialog: ...Dickey.
70) 12) dialog: (to himself) I'm gonna need all the help I can  get tonight.
70) 13) text: Dickey returns with the drink and Hawk pulls out his mone clip.
70) 14) dialog: (looking at the drink) What's that?
70) 16) text: Hawk looks at the unfamiliar drink again trying to play i cool.
70) 17) dialog: Sure, I have. But not one with ice  in it, that's all.
70) 19) text: Dickey points to a WOMAN sitting at the end of the bar. M and sexy. She's a knock-out. Every teenage boy's fantasy. Hawk's eyes pop at this "Mrs. Robinson" before him.
70) 20) dialog: Whoa... she is a killer.
70) 22) text: Dicky pats Hawk's shoulder and leaves. Hawk looks away fr Amanda and scans the room. He glances back at Amanda. She still gazing at him the way queens of yore must have eyed particularly cute knights. She winks and toasts Hawk. Hawk raises his glass smiling nervously. They both sip at their drinks. She licks her lips suggestively at him. And Hawk proceeds to COUGH up his mouthful of Jack Daniels,  SPRAYING it all over the bar.
77) 0) text: Hawk's at a bar stool gulping sloppily and woozily from a rocks glass. Four more empty rocks glasses sit in front o him. He stares at the sexy woman who smiles back, blowing him kisses from the other side of the bar. The EMCEE enters the stage.
77) 2) text: The beginning of a rockin' KISS tune comes over the P.A. Dicky approaches Hawk.
77) 4) text: Hawk wakes up fast. There's nothing more sobering than ha to undress in public.
77) 5) dialog: Oh, Dicky, I c-c-can't...
77) 7) dialog: I-I c-can't...
77) 9) text: Hawk thinks about it, then downs the rest of his drink. H grimaces at it's taste, then opens his eyes with new reso
77) 10) dialog: You're right, Dicky. I gotta do it  for KISS. Gotta put a bag over its  head and  (hiccup) Do it for KISS.
77) 11) text: Hawk swivels his bar stool to the right and gets off,  forgetting to stand when his feet hit the floor. He proce to fall flat on his face. Dicky looks down concerned, but Hawk stands with a little difficulty and heads for the st The crowd of women parts down the middle for him and chec him out as he walks by. They seem to like what they see.  Hawk looks nervously at the carnivorous faces leering at package first, his ass after. What the hell is he doing? Hawk reluctantly climbs onto the stage and the gals start CLAPPING to the song. He faces them and starts gyrating h drunken hips at them, feeling no confidence whatsoever,  until... The CHEERS start to ECHO and the pulsing lights begin to  hurt his eyes. Hawk watches the world proceed to spin fas than the disco ball above his head. He stops gyrating and clutches his stomach. BELCHING. Uh- Hawk spots an almost-empty beer pitcher one of the CHEERI IN-SLOW-MOTION women holds above her head. He runs up to edge of the stage, grabs the pitcher, and PUKES. The cheering and music come to a grinding halt. You can h a pin drop as Hawk yacks his guts out into the beer pitch It goes on for an excruciatingly long time, then finally  stops. Hawk looks up at the hundreds of astonished eyes staring him. He wipes his mouth, then a look of ease washes over face.
77) 12) dialog: Wow. I feel a hundred times better!
77) 14) dialog: Thanks lady.
77) 15) text: He looks over at the emcee, who gazes at Hawk from the DJ booth.
77) 16) dialog: Maestro? As you were.
77) 18) dialog: Come on, dude, we got a bunch of  frisky felines waiting for some  entertainment! The show must go on!
77) 19) text: Hawk starts gyrating even though the music is still off. emcee shrugs, re-cuing the song. It starts again as Hawk  faces the crowd, dancing with new-found bravado. The women come out of their dumbstruck comas and reluctan start CLAPPING again. Hawk pulls off his jacket and twirls it over his head Rog Daltry style. Then he pulls it back down and tosses it in the crowd. The women actually fight over it. Encouraged, Hawk then peels off his KISS Army tee-shirt a hurls it at the women, who SQUEAL with delight. Sure, he be scrawny, but they don't mind. This lad's got personali Adrenaline pumping, confidence building, Hawk starts play the crowd of very responsive ladies. He unbuttons his jeans first. Then, leaving them on, he d an "air guitar" medley: Chuck Berry, ZZ Top, Angus Young  from AC/DC, and Elvis Costello in six easy steps. Hawk finishes off with a Pete Townshend windmill, shaking his ass at his audience in mid-strum, then licks his fing and touches one of his cheeks: "hot stuff" (he does this a manly way of course). Then Hawk pauses to adjust what looks to be his underwear bunching up in his crack. The women WHOO-HOO. He segues into a Mick Jagger rooster strut and the ladies ga-ga. He makes the sign of the horns with each hand and  wiggles a protruding tongue like Gene Simmons. The gals s in orgastic joy. Then, Hawk goes for the gold. Yes, he does the Fonzie dan The women are now overcome by sheer animal lust. Hawk's  whipped his audience into a frenzied pack of bitches in h Amanda smirks and sucks from her little drink straw  suggestively. At long last Hawk figures he has to give them what they w He puts his fingers to his fly, pauses, then unzips. His  Brittanias fall to his ankles, revealing a pair of bony l sticking down from some KISS boxer shorts. The ladies go  batty. Unfortunately Hawk has neglected a cardinal rule of disro Never pull your pants down without taking your shoes off  first. He tries to kick off his shoes. The left one goes  flying across the bar and THWACK, beans a MIDDLE-AGED WOM in the face. She flies backwards over a chair. Trying to kick the other shoe off, Hawk loses his balance and falls backwards, hitting his head on the edge of the  bar.
85) 2) text: The women APPLAUD as we... FOLLOW the emcee's hand to Hawk who holds an ice pack on side of his head.
85) 6) text: The women cheer and a DISCO SONG starts as Troy does a re of his act. Hawk walks away from the stage with the rest the rejected strippers, looking the way he feels: pretty  damn stupid. He puts on his pants, trying to walk at the  same time and falls to his knees. A helpful hand grabs him under the arm and helps him up. It's Amanda looking lustier than ever.
85) 7) dialog: Thanks, miss.
85) 9) dialog: Right, well, thanks for the drinks  and stuff, Amanda, but there's no  reason for me to stick around these  parts anymore.
85) 11) dialog: Huh?
85) 13) text: Hawk GULPS.
94) 0) text: DOLLY FROM the front end of a Jaguar XKE, Michigan vanity plate reading: AMANDA. TO its windshield, through which we see Hawk and Amanda  kissing in the front seat, clad only in their underwear.  Something like "ME AND MRS. JONES" plays on the radio. Wh they separate, Amanda takes out a flask and offers it to  Hawk.
94) 1) dialog: Thanks.
94) 3) dialog: What the hell is that?
94) 5) dialog: Whoa. Some of this hard liquor's a  tad too manly for me. I'm a brewski  man myself.
94) 7) dialog: Who's Whiskey Dick?
94) 8) text: Amanda plants a stocking foot on Hawk's crotch and rubs.
94) 10) dialog: My name's not Woody, it's Haw-haw...
94) 11) text: Hawk's eyes cross as he lets out a DEEP, OBNOXIOUS GROAN.
94) 12) dialog: ...holy shit!
94) 15) text: Hawk has never been more embarrassed.
94) 16) dialog: Well, Amanda, this has been quite a  night. So far you've seen me and my  dick throw up. (to the heavens) What's next? Projectile diarrhea? (beat, to Amanda) Man. What a stud, huh?
94) 19) dialog: You love him?
94) 21) dialog: No, I mean... you love your son?
94) 23) dialog: And he loves you back, doesn't he?
94) 25) dialog: Well, shame on him if he doesn't.
94) 28) text: Hawk stares out the windshield.
94) 29) dialog: My mom died of a heart attack while  she was having me. Man, I wish I had  known her for even one day. If they  ever invent a time machine, that's  what I'm doing. Going back in time  to meet my mom. I'm gonna say, "Mrs.   Pitchford?... or Miss Williams,  depending on when I show up. You  don't know me, but I'm your kid from  the future. Just wanted to thank you  for the blue eyes, pug nose and for  tying the knot with a guy who didn't  mind diaper detail... Oh, and, uh...  cut down on the red meat, will ya?"
94) 30) text: Amanda caresses Hawk's cheek. He turns with her hand and  kisses it. He takes her arm and begins kissing his way up her neck, her cheek, her mouth...
98) 0) text: Amanda and Hawk are half-dressed post-coitus. She looks i her purse.
98) 1) dialog: Amanda, as ironic as this is gonna  sound, I can't take any money for...  I'm no Midnight Cowboy, y'know. It  would only cheapen the whole deal  for me.
98) 4) dialog: ...Thanks.
103) 0) text: Hawk runs to the scalper across the street who's selling ticket to another KISS fan.
103) 1) dialog: Whoa! Whoa! WHOA! That better not be  the last ticket! I hope you have  another one for me!
103) 2) text: The scalper sees Hawk and bolts down the street disappear around a corner. Hawk stops. He's lost him. Hawk sulks to the now-familiar intersection where all fou landmarks meet. He takes one more look up the block at Co Hall. Nearly all the KISS fans are inside. The streets ar almost deserted.
103) 3) dialog: Fuck me!
103) 5) dialog: Any luck?
103) 8) dialog: Tickets?
103) 10) dialog: Well, dudes, the only way we're gonna  see KISS this tour is by some fuckin'  miracle.
103) 15) text: Jam, Hawk, Lex, and Trip turn and look at the crumpled wa at their feet. It's an envelope. An ANGELIC SPOTLIGHT FRO ABOVE highlights it.
103) 17) dialog: Nah. Couldn't be.
103) 24) dialog: (arms outstretched) Take it easy, Elvis. Don't do anything  crazy. Just give me the tickets before  someone gets hurt.
103) 31) dialog: (beaten) Go ahead, Jam.
103) 33) text: They stand and think for a moment. Hawk's mouth curls int devilish grin. Then, he lets out a gigantic "AIEEE!!! and slugs Jam. The four boys brutally pummel one another in the middle of th intersection. Punching. Kicking. Headbutting.
104) 1) dialog: Dude, you gotta let us in! Four  muggers just stole our tickets!
105) 0) text: The lights are out. The lighters have been lit. The CROWD ROAR is deafening. Jam, Hawk, Trip, and Lex plow their way through the thron and head straight for the front row just as Simple Simon  takes the stage.