3) 2) text: They stink, but they sure are trying hard. Meet the band  "Mystery." Concert tee-shirts, holey jeans, total burn-ou HAWK, a scraggily-haired, disenchanted youth, strains his vocal chords on the microphone as he SCRATCHES at his rhy guitar. Hawk is sort of the brains of this operation, but knowing the others, that doesn't say much. LEX POUNDS a bass with earnest determination. Lanky with posture, Lex is already sporting worry lines. He takes  everything way-too-seriously. TRIP STRUMS lead guitar like he's hammering nails. All id Trip is slightly out of his mind. But, is it the chemical or just his chemistry. He always wears a knit cap. JAM, a sensitive kid (but no wuss), BASHES on his drums l a madman making the bass drum pulsate like a spastic hear The big drum bears the word "Mystery" painted on its skin with a lightning "S" just like the KISS logo. They bring the classic tune to a shrieking conclusion and thrust their hands over their heads in the KISS symbol.   Hawk screams into the mike at their imaginary audience.
3) 6) text: Jam emerges from behind the pile of drums smiling.
3) 7) dialog: That was curly!
3) 13) text: Jam GULPS as if he's just shat out an whole can of Lincol logs.
3) 14) dialog: My mom? Oh, no! What's she doing  here?
3) 15) text: Lex quickly throws a KISS towel over a TV tray hiding a b cigarettes, overloaded ashtray. Trip kicks half-empty bee bottles under the bed. Hawk sprays Lysol frantically arou the room as Jam shovels gum into his mouth. KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK! Mrs. Bruce pounds on the cellar wind crouching to see in. She looks like a crazed, underlit ps
3) 17) text: The boys looks up like innocent, wide-eyed angels. Jam wa
3) 18) dialog: Oh, hi, mom.
3) 20) text: Jam quickly pockets his drumsticks and grabs his worn, de jacket off the pile of jackets on the floor, then runs  upstairs. The others follow.
4) 0) text: The front door opens. Jam steps out to greet his mom with nervous smile. Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand at a safe distan in the foyer behind him.
4) 1) dialog: What's up?
4) 4) text: She hauls Jam across the lawn. Hawk, Lex, and Trip step o the porch looking on in sympathetic embarrassment. Mrs. B stuffs the record in the trash can then throws Jam in the front seat. SCREECH, the station wagon pulls away.
5) 0) text: The sun's early morning rays beam through the KISS "Destr poster taped onto a window shade. The phone RINGS. Jam bo upright, his profile blocking the poster. He has just awa under the only other decoration in his room: a crucifix. Still dressed in last night's clothes, a plain black tee- shirt and blue jeans, Jam leaps out of bed unwittingly  planting a foot in the handle of a Bullworker (a piece of exercise equipment comprised of a powerful spring with tw handles on either end) whose other handle is stuck under of the bed's legs. Jam runs to a phone on his dresser, drawing the Bullworke powerful springs out to maximum tension. No sooner does h pick up, when he is yanked to the floor and dragged acros it as if tied to the bumper of a speeding car. Despite th Bullworker pulling him back toward his bed, Jam does mana to get the phone to his ear.
5) 1) dialog: Hello?
5) 2) text: The phone's cord stretches taut causing its cradle to lea from the dresser and WHACK Jam on the head.
6) 2) dialog: Hawk?
7) 0) text: Jam clutches the phone with his shoulder GRUNTING as he d battle with the Bullworker for possession of his foot.
7) 2) dialog: It's my Bullworker.
7) 4) dialog: What's gone?
7) 6) dialog: (panicked) Gone!? Why would I have the KISS  tick...?
7) 8) text: Jam briefly scans his surroundings double-taking at the d jacket lying on the floor. He checks the pockets and sees four tickets labelled KISS - JUNE 7, 1978 - COBO HALL,  DETROIT.
7) 9) dialog: Whew! Oh, God, Hawk... I got'm!   Somehow I musta taken Trip's jacket  by mistake!
8) 6) dialog: I'm really sorry about that, man.
9) 1) dialog: Of course, but has that ever stopped  me before? Besides, my mom's going  to some church meeting and won't be  back till late. No sweat... See you  guys in school.
9) 2) text: CLICK. DIAL TONE. Jam hangs up.
11) 0) text: Jam gives the Bullworker one final yank. This time it com loose... not from his foot, but from under the bed. Its h lashes up SLAPPING him across the face. Ouch. Fully awake now, Jam throws on Trip's denim jacket. He st a drumstick into his left sock. We see "Mystery" written it. Just as he's about to stick the other one in his righ sock... Without a second of warning, or even a knock, Mrs. Bruce  suddenly ENTERS. Immediately Jam stands.
11) 2) dialog: Uhh... nothing.
11) 3) text: She turns to his closet, the door blocking her view of th KISS poster. Jam leaps to the window and yanks the "Destr shade. It shoots up, FLAPPING around its rod. He's done t before. Mrs. Bruce peeks at Jam from around his closet door. He  stretches in front of the window.
11) 4) dialog: Ahh, sunshine.
11) 6) dialog: Change? What's wrong with what I got  on?
11) 8) dialog: But, mom!
11) 10) text: Jam reluctantly takes off the denim jacket as Mrs. Bruce  grabs the single drumstick from his hand and shakes it at him.
11) 13) dialog: (to himself) They're not idiots.
11) 15) dialog: Grounded for the rest of the year?
11) 17) text: She pulls two Sears department store boxes from the close and lays them on the bed. Jam is visibly horrified. THIS IS YOUR MOTHER! / THE GIRL'S ROOM
12) 11) text: They chuckle. Just then, Jam steps off a school bus in an unbelievably geeky outfit, white corduroy slacks, plaid s buttoned to the top, argyle socks and brown deck shoes.
12) 16) text: Jam gives them the finger.
13) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam grab books from their lockers.   KISS stickers, photos, and rock magazine cut-outs line th insides. Jam's locker door is covered with Peter Criss on
13) 2) dialog: Hey, my mom had me over a barrel,  all right. After last night, I had  to let her dress me today. It's a  give and take relationship.
13) 5) dialog: They're still at my house in Trip's  jacket.
13) 7) dialog: She was standing right over me when  I was changing for fuck's sake.
13) 10) dialog: Don't worry about it. They're  perfectly safe. We can pick them up  after school. My mom won't be home.  It's no problem.
13) 12) dialog: Check.
14) 0) text: The STUDY HALL TEACHER grades papers. On the wall a pictu of President Carter hangs next to Old Glory. The words "B Quiet" are written on the blackboard. Students study, read, doodle, sleep. Jam is at his desk  touching up the word "Mystery" on his drumstick. Next to sits BETH. Quirky, but cute, she stares longingly at him  wanting to say something, but not having the guts. Pleased with his work, Jam puts the drumsticks on the des and opens a Peter Criss album cover notebook depicting  countless doodles of the KISS logo, the Mystery logo, and renderings of Peter Criss. Beth SIGHS and opens her own notebook. Drawings of hearts fill the pages. In them is written "Beth + Jeremiah" and love Jeremiah." Then, one of Jam's drumsticks rolls off the desk and onto the floor. Beth quickly reaches down to grab it for him j as he bends to get it too. THUD, they bash heads.
14) 1) dialog: Oof! (whispering) Sorry.
14) 4) dialog: Thanks.
14) 5) text: He stuffs his drumsticks in his socks pulling his pantleg down. Jam and Beth stare at each other. There's a mutual  crush, but both are apprehensive about making the first m Both want to speak, neither does. They awkwardly go back their notebooks. Mustering the nerve, Jam breaks the ice and whispers...
14) 6) dialog: Beth?
14) 9) text: BOINK! The pen hits Jam in the eye.
14) 10) dialog: Ow!
14) 14) text: Jam points to his eye.
14) 15) dialog: Just a little pink eye. No reason to  panic.
14) 18) dialog: (handing back pen) It's okay.
14) 19) text: Beth resumes doodling feeling like an idiot. Jam does too Ah, teenage awkwardness. Finally, Beth musters up some  courage.
14) 21) dialog: Yeah?
14) 26) text: Jam throws a startled glance to the speaker as the class  sings in unison.
18) 0) text: Jam slowly sinks in his chair under the profoundly humili weight of an ENTIRE SCHOOL'S ECHOED LAUGHTER.
19) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce sits next to a stand-up ashtray in the high  school's waiting area. Scowling, she fans the KISS ticket out with one hand. Jam sits across from her, one leg jitt anxiously. They sit for an uncomfortably long time until... Mrs. Bru pulls a cigarette and lighter out of her purse.
19) 2) dialog: You mean, you're sending me to... b- b-boarding school?
19) 5) dialog: Mom, three of those tickets don't  even belong to me. They're for the  guys.
19) 8) text: Mrs. Bruce lights her smoke with the flaming tickets, the drops them in the ashtray where they burn for a cruel  eternity. Jam stares semi-catatonic through his mom's sou expression.
23) 2) dialog: (numbly) If I'm anything like you, I'll deserve  him.
23) 4) dialog: I said, I'm sorry!
25) 0) text: Jam looks at what lies ahead. His face becomes a mask of  pure terror. We hear a THUNDER CLAP as Jam puts his hands together and closes his eyes humbling himself. He whisper
25) 1) dialog: Please, God, help.
42) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce and FATHER McNULTY stand outside his office. T door is open a tad. Jam sits just beyond it, but all we s are his corduroyed legs which shake. Jam is one nervous k
43) 0) text: The priest enters, SLAMS the door shut, startling Jam, an sits in front of a painting of the Virgin Mary on his wal The name plate on his desk reads: FR. PHILIP McNULTY.
43) 2) text: Father McNulty sticks the pencil into an electric pencil  sharpener and it makes the same NOISE a DENTIST'S DRILL d when burrowing into a molar. Jam shudders. The Father removes the pencil and blows the shavings away from the needle-sharp tip.
44) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce exits the building and approaches her car. She stops when she sees the '78 brown Volvo parked behind her It's empty. She shrugs and gets into her car, driving off Inside the Volvo Hawk, Trip, and Lex poke their heads up. The coast is clear so they can sit straight again. They s up at a second story window where they see part of Jam's  profile.
45) 0) text: The Father TAPS his pencil looking impatiently at Jam who has totally withdrawn. He sits motionless staring into sp
45) 2) text: Jam doesn't respond.
45) 10) text: The priest swivels his chair around and unlocks a box lab "Donations." While he looks for cash, Hawk gives Jam a  discreet kick in the shin. Jam looks up and recognizes Ha He then looks out the window seeing Trip, Lex, and the Vo below. For the first time we see what Jam looks like with a big, fat, shit-eating grin on his face.
45) 12) dialog: (whispering) Check.
45) 16) text: Hawk takes the ten, tips the brim of the baseball cap and leaves, giving Jam a cautious wink as he goes.
45) 18) dialog: No, but I'm not hungry anyway.
45) 21) text: Father McNulty smiles, taking a big bite. Jam smiles for entirely different reason. The priest mumbles with a mout
45) 23) text: Jam grins a bit feigning interest.
47) 0) text: The Father has undergone a metamorphosis. He's redder tha boiling lobster, his eyes bulge and he's laughing the dee laugh a man can without risking psychological evaluation. Jam watches fascinated as the priest tries to finish the  story. It's not every day you see a holy man tripping on  shrooms.
47) 9) text: Jam gets up and all four boys exit.
48) 0) text: Hawk drives, Trip rides shotgun, Lex and Jam sit in the b Stoked beyond belief, Jam POUNDS his drumsticks on the  upholstery to the beat of a rockin' KISS tune playing on 8-track.
48) 1) dialog: Oh, man, my mom is gonna send me to  Alcatraz for this and I don't even  care! I'm gonna see Peter Criss's  drum solo!
48) 2) text: Lex taps Jam on the shoulder.
48) 7) text: The boys do their Three Stooges handshake and say "Curly! Jam starts to change. Just then, the Volvo passes a two-t Chevy Impala with luggage tied to the roof. The passenger the back seat turns and spots Jam pulling off his pants.  It's Beth. Her eyes bulge. Beth parents are in the front. Jam spots her and beams. Their eyes lock. She waves and s to yell something, when... suddenly... BANG! The boys look out the driver's side of the car to see the rear hubcap rolling away. They've got a flat.
49) 0) text: ANGLE ON a status report. The 2:45 is now leaving. We see Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam running alongside a train as it  picks up speed by the second. They YELL for it to stop, b it's hopeless. The train is gone. So much for the 2:45.
55) 5) dialog: Don't you think we should at least  pull over and offer to clean it off?
56) 0) text: The Trans Am muscles the Volvo into the breakdown lane.  Parking the ass end of the Pontiac out a bit, Kenny block the Volvo in. Kenny and Bobby climb from their car and st over to the boys. Hawk opens his door just as Kenny's hairy-knuckled hands  pull him out through the window. He grabs Trip, yanking h out too. Bobby opens the back door and does the same with Lex and Jam. With a kid in each hand now, Kenny and Bobby SLAM the fou boys against the Volvo in a line. The size difference bet the burnouts and the guidos is painfully obvious now. Ken and Bobby are Neanderthals.
56) 5) text: Trip, Lex, and Jam clutch their faces in pain. Hawk looks merely disenchanted as Kenny pokes a muscle-bound finger his chest. Getting in Hawk's face, Kenny yammers loud and fast.
56) 29) text: And with that, Kenny grabs himself a fistful of Hawk's lo hair and pulls him over to the Trans Am. He wipes the piz off with Hawk's hair, tugging Hawk's head up and down, ba and forth. Hawk GRUNTS with each wipe, but doesn't give K the satisfaction of hearing him scream. Trip, Lex, and Jam watch helplessly, trapped under Bobby' dull-witted, but equally threatening gaze. Kenny gets the last of the big chunks off his windshield looks at his handiwork.
56) 33) text: Kenny clenches his jaws and walks up to the Volvo, reachi in the driver's door. Suddenly Jam grabs his wrist.
56) 34) dialog: Whoa! This is about pizza! Let's  leave KISS out of it. Please.
56) 36) text: Kenny pushes Jam away.
56) 45) text: He flings it into the highway, where it is summarily smas to bits under the wheels of a passing semi. FOLLOW a chunk of cartridge and a strand of mangled tape  streaming from it as it sails back toward the side of the road, landing at Jam's feet. TILT UP to Jam's face. He raises his eyes and turns to th CAMERA, a single tear rolling down his cheek, just like t Indian in that "Keep America Beautiful" litter ad. Hawk rises and Kenny comes face-to-face with him.
56) 54) text: Trip, Lex, and Jam exchange "uh-oh" glances. Meanwhile, H eyes glaze over.
56) 65) text: Quick as a shot, Hawk SLAMS the bottom of the can into Ke nose, crushing it flat against his face. Hawaiian backwas spews from its tab hole like blood as Kenny falls backwar from the impact. He hits his head on the ground. Taking this as a cue... Trip whips out his wallet on a  chain... Lex rips off his KISS belt... And Jam yanks out drumsticks. As if choreographed, Trip swoops the wallet at Bobby's fe snagging him around the ankles tightly with the chain. Le THWAMS Bobby in the face with his big KISS belt buckle le a reversed, red, KISS logo branded in his forehead. Trip yanks the chain pulling Bobby off his feet. When he  hits the ground, Jam's right there DRUMMING his balls. Bobby shrieks. Meanwhile, Hawk advances on Kenny who tries to get the ca off his face, but it's stuck on looking like a pig's nose with fruit punch for snot. Hawk raises both his hands in Kenny's face, then executes the final insult... Hawk messes Kenny's hair. Kenny lets a scream that comes from the bottom of his vanity. Hawk grabs Kenny by the ears and brings the guido's head  swiftly against his kneecap. Kenny falls to the ground,  unconscious on top of Bobby. Their heads collide knocking Bobby out cold. Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornere
56) 74) text: He throws the Trans Am into drive. All who are conscience listen to the brief SCREECH, then  watch the Trans Am as it barrels without a driver into th woods skirting the highway. It races into ditches, bounces off trees, and SPLASHES th ponds, all Smokey and the Bandit-like. The disco-mobile ramps off the edge of an embankment, tum down a steep, rocky incline breaking apart along the way, and finally, BOOM! It explodes on final impact. The boys all look at each other and shrug. Hawk walks bac to the Volvo and gets in. Trip, Lex, and Jam follow suit pile in as well. Lex shouts back to Barbara.
57) 1) dialog: Hey, look, it's that girl.
57) 2) text: Jam points out at the road ahead to Christine. She's a fe hundred feet away walking sadly in the breakdown lane.
57) 4) dialog: Stella or no stella, we should pull  over and help her out.
57) 6) dialog: Well, couldn't you slow down so I  can at least state my case, Hawk? If  you don't like it, you can speed up  and I'll never mention it again.
57) 9) dialog: She's a teenage girl walking on the  side of the highway. They make very  scary movies that start out like  that.
58) 0) text: Christine sits between Jam and Lex in the back SNAPPING g Jam and Lex stare at her like cats looking at a fish bowl Hawk looks in the rearview mirror at Christine checking  herself in a compact. She swathes on some 7-Up flavored,  Bonnie Bell lip gloss. Trip meanwhile twirls the joint he's just finished rollin in his mouth, sealing it. He winks at her disgustingly.
58) 4) dialog: It doesn't mean anything. Don't pay  attention to him.
58) 9) text: She pushes him away. Jam laughs.
58) 12) dialog: Trip! That's so fuckin' rude, man.
58) 21) dialog: Come on, Hawk.
58) 23) dialog: Jam.
58) 36) text: Hawk and Trip immediately bust into the giggles and it do take long for Lex and Jam to follow suit.
59) 0) text: The sun hangs low on this day as the Volvo sits in traffi passing Cobo Hall. Movement is nearly impossible. KISS FANS cram every square foot of open macadam, pushing through the jammed cars. STREET VENDORS hawk KISS souveni from tee-shirts to pennants. Some are in stands along the sidewalk. Others come right up to car windows.
60) 0) text: Christine is fast asleep between Jam and Lex.
60) 5) dialog: (in reverence) We made it!
60) 10) dialog: Kind of funny, I thought He'd be  pissed as hell at me.
62) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam poke their heads around the corn of an office doorway totem pole-style.
63) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam sit in the tiny producer's booth with Simon who fast forwards a reel-to-reel tape through  some very loud, high-speed conversation and bits of music Looking at the footage counter on the tape player, he slo down at a certain point and lets the boys listen to this: The CLICK of a phone being answered.
63) 19) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam stare at the floor in silence.
64) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam ride back down the elevator sipp NeHi sodas, watching the floor numbers get lower and lowe Terry Jack's immortal hit "SEASONS IN THE SUN" plays over the elevator speaker.
64) 6) dialog: Guys, GUYS! Come on, if this is  anyone's fault, it's mine. I was the  one who grabbed Trip's jacket by  mistake. It's my fault and I  apologize.
64) 8) text: Jam looks at his feet.
64) 9) dialog: Sometimes I think I don't deserve  friends as good as you guys.
65) 0) text: COBO Hall looms up ahead. Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam enter the sidewalk. A thickening CROWD of KISS fans continually meander by. On their way to the car, they suddenly hear a WOMAN'S VOI bellowing through a megaphone from somewhere down the str After a moment they see the voice's source. A GROUP OF WOMEN has congregated about forty feet ahead a their LEADER, her back toward the boys, yells to the grou through her bullhorn. Flying above them all is a large ba reading: "MATMOK, Mothers Against The Music Of KISS."
65) 8) text: Hawk, Trip, and Jam look at their parking spot to see a b up Dodge Dart sitting there instead of the Volvo.
65) 11) dialog: It was stolen!
65) 16) dialog: I'm sorry, guys. I thought it was a  nice thing to do.
65) 28) dialog: I got...
65) 30) text: Jam holds up a ten keeping his mouth shut.
65) 43) dialog: (inspired) Wait! I know how we can get in!
65) 45) dialog: (sadly) But... my plan involves all four of  us acting together.
65) 47) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex split up, leaving Jam alone. He start walking in the opposite direction, passing MATMOKS. The l is still on a roll, yelling through the megaphone.
65) 49) text: The leader's gaze finally falls upon Jam. He lets out a G Yes, the leader is Mrs. Bruce. So this was her church mee She freezes when she sees her son; her jaw slackens. Mean Jam looks stunned beyond comprehension.
65) 50) dialog: Oh... dear... Lord!!
65) 51) text: Mrs. Bruce quickly hands the megaphone to another MATMOK  member, who picks up where Mrs. Bruce left off. Jam looks around for someplace to run and hide, but it's late. Mrs. Bruce slices through the crowd of KISS fans an grabs Jam by the ear. He yelps.
66) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce tugs Jam toward the intersection we saw before They cross the street toward the corner where the Cathedr sits. Jam looks up at the cross on the steeple and GULPS with  trepidation.
66) 1) dialog: Mom, what're we...?
66) 6) text: Mrs. Bruce pulls Jam up to the priest.
67) 0) text: Parked in front of the busy fast-food establishment we  recognize the two-toned Chevy Impala with luggage tied on top. In the window we see Beth and her parents sitting at one of the booths. Out the window Beth looks across the street just as Jam,  Mrs. Bruce, and the priest enter the cathedral. Her face  drops.
75) 0) text: Jam sits in the front pew, head buried in his hands as Mr Bruce and the priest talk on the alter. Beth moves quietly in the back, unseen and unheard. She l overwhelmed by the architecture, the detail on the staine glass windows, the icons carved into the columns that sup the extravagantly decorated ceiling. The priest catches a glimpse of Beth meandering in the ba
75) 5) text: Mrs. Bruce looks down at Jam and sees his drumsticks poki out of his socks. She immediately takes them out and stuf them into her jacket. Jam doesn't even move.
75) 7) text: Jam is stung. Mrs. Bruce and the priest head back down th center aisle exiting through the gigantic front doors. Sh eyes Jam.
75) 10) text: He lets her out and locks the door, leaving the keys in t lock, and walks over to Jam.
75) 12) text: He helps the despondent Jam up. They walk to the booth an Jam reluctantly gets inside.
76) 0) text: Jam kneels on the board and a mere two feet behind him, B sits on a bench shrouded in darkness. Her posture is that someone with a crate of nitroglycerine on her lap. We hear the SHUFFLING noise of the priest getting into hi own compartment next door. A moment later the small, eye- level door SLIDES open. The priest's face is barely visib on the other side of the thick screen, but he's there.
76) 1) dialog: Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.  This is my first confession in...  well... a really long time.
76) 3) dialog: Just one, Father, but boy was it a  doozy.
76) 4) text: Beth leans forward slightly and listens to Jam's confessi
84) 0) text: Jam is at the end of his confession. The priest is still  listening on the other side of the screen. Beth sits in t shadows behind Jam.
84) 1) dialog: So, you see if it wasn't for me, me  and my friends would be at that KISS  concert right now... together.
84) 3) dialog: Yeah.
84) 5) dialog: No.
84) 7) text: The priest SLIDES the door shut again. Jam is all but shr in darkness, but can make out the time on his watch. It's getting late. He resignedly sits on the bench behind him. right on Beth's lap. Jam yells, but Beth throws her hand over his mouth. His e bulge. He can't believe what he's seeing. He climbs off B and sits next to her.
84) 8) dialog: (whispering) Beth? I can't believe it.
84) 10) text: Jam thinks for a beat. Something still isn't quite clicki
84) 11) dialog: Are you waiting for confession? I  thought you were Jewish?
84) 16) dialog: I don't care. I wanna hear more.
84) 19) dialog: Beth, I can't believe you just said  that because that's exactly how I've  always felt about you... Call me  Jam. It's my band name.
84) 23) dialog: Right, slow...
86) 0) text: Jam and Beth lay buck naked, tightly wrapped around each  other in the heat of passion on the confessional booth fl They kiss, sweat, and PANT heavily. Suddenly, the sliding door to the priest's booth opens. J and Beth freeze.
86) 2) dialog: Uhh, tying my shoe.
86) 4) dialog: Actually, yes. Last year I walked  out of a candy store with a Reggie  Bar I hadn't paid for, but went back  and apologized the next day.
86) 6) text: We hear the door SLIDE shut again as Beth and Jam pick up where they left off.
88) 4) text: A big-haired HIPSTER in mirrored sunglasses KNOCKS on the dressing room door. It opens, but Lex can't see inside. T hipster stands in the doorway talking to whoever is there Lex cranes his neck to see around the door jamb. Desperat for a glimpse of his idols, he leans out too far. Suddenly, the entire duct collapses. Breaking loose of th ceiling, Lex hurls to the floor clutching the duct. Backs goers leap for cover as SMASH... he hits the ground in a  shower of plaster and dust. The hipster protectively pulls the dressing room door shu as two SECURITY MEN jump in front of it. Instantly, huge, burly hands come down on Lex's shoulders Before he can react, a slew of OFFICERS have him off his  feet and carry him away, a stunned expression frozen to h face.
90) 0) text: Beth lays in Jam's arms on the floor. They might as well the only two people on the face of the earth. They whispe
90) 2) dialog: I dunno. I think he had the piece of  skin under his tongue removed so he  could stick it out farther. I'm not  too up on Gene trivia.
90) 4) dialog: Peter Criss is my inspiration, man.   If I paid a hundred bucks for a KISS  show and all I saw was his solo, I'd  consider it... money... Hey, how'd  you know that?
90) 6) text: She opens her backpack and pulls out a package addressed Jam. The return address reads: Beth Bumsteen, Somewhere i Ann Arbor.
90) 7) dialog: Ann Arbor?
90) 9) text: Jam opens the box and his jaw drops. It's a black tee-shi with the "Mystery" logo printed in white on the chest. Ja holds it up. It's gigantic.
90) 11) text: Touched, Jam kisses her for a long time. He starts puttin on the shirt when suddenly they hear the SHUFFLING of the priest entering his booth. Jam grabs his clothes and sits back on the bench. Beth starts getting dressed at his fee
90) 13) dialog: (pulling up his pants) Alright, Father, here it is. About  two weeks ago I went to my cousin's  wedding and one of the bridesmaids  asked me if I wanted to take a bath.
90) 15) text: Beth is tying her shoes. Jam slips on his socks.
90) 16) dialog: I was insulted, so I asked her if I  was wreaking some wicked b.o., right?   Then she said no, she wanted to take  a bath with me.
90) 18) dialog: Well, she was a very tempting siren,  Father. Built like you wouldn't  believe. So I gave into temptation  about a block away from the wedding  reception at this little motel that  charges by the hour.
90) 19) text: Jam pauses.
90) 21) dialog: Okay... when she peeled off that  gown, you'll never guess what she  was wearing underneath.
90) 24) dialog: No. Much bet... I mean, much more  sinful than that.
90) 26) dialog: Tell you what. You keep guessing and  I'll say something when you get it.
90) 28) text: Jam quietly sneaks out.
91) 0) text: We can hear the priest's voice as Jam hurries to Beth. Th dash out the door.
97) 0) text: Beth's parents wait in the running car as Jam and Beth sh a heartfelt good-bye outside the back door.
97) 2) dialog: Nah. Once I get my own wheels, I  could come up all the time.
97) 4) text: Jam takes her hands.
97) 5) dialog: I feel like such an idiot. Why didn't  I just say something a year and a  half ago? Man, think of how much  time we wasted.
97) 7) dialog: Tell me about it. Church will never  be the same again.
97) 10) dialog: Bye.
97) 11) text: She gets in the car. They both wave as the Impala turns a corner out of sight. Jam is left alone still waving long  after she's gone.
102) 0) text: Jam approaches the stadium, passing the MATMOKS, walking  straight up to Mrs. Bruce. Her back is to him. He taps he on the shoulder. She turns. Her jaw drops. It escaped aga And what an ugly tee-shirt.
102) 1) dialog: I'm gonna ask you nicely first. Mom,  can I have my drumsticks back?
102) 3) dialog: Again, can I have my drumsticks?
102) 6) text: Mrs. Bruce yells at Jam through her bullhorn.
102) 8) text: Jam yanks the Mr. Microphone from the lead idiot and scre at his mother, his voice amplified on the transistors.  Everyone stares.
102) 9) dialog: I know, mom, I've been in trouble  for about twelve hours now!  Hellooooo!?
102) 10) text: The other MATMOKS turn to look as Jam climbs onto a trash receptacle and shouts down at his mother, his face slowly turning purple.
102) 11) dialog: I'm gonna be spending the next two  years of my life at St. Bernard's  Boarding School, remember?! I'm gonna  be outta your hair till I'm a legal  adult, remember?! That way, all you  have to do is go to church, light a  candle, pray to a little statue for  me, and voila! All is forgiven and  forgotten, right mom?!! Then, you  can spend your days in guilt-free  pursuit of more constructive  activities like telling everybody  else how screwed up their lives are!  That way you no longer need the  patience and understanding required  to communicate on some normal level  with your own child!!! And that way  you don't even have to think about  how tough it was for you when you  were growing up, and it's a good  thing too. Cause if you did, you'd  realize what a LOUSY, GODDAMN, SHITTY- ASS, PARENT YOU ARE!!!
102) 12) text: The crowd of KISS fans APPLAUD Jam's rant. Mrs. Bruce is  utterly winded from the assault.
102) 14) dialog: (into Mr. Microphone) I just lost my virginity in a  confessional booth! Lord have mercy!!
102) 15) text: The crowd cheers. Jam jumps down and hands the Mr. Microp back to the lead idiot. He turns to his mom.
102) 16) dialog: For the last time, mom. Let me have  my fucking drumsticks. Please.
103) 4) text: He sees someone out of the corner of his eye across the  street. It's Jam. Lex approaches the other corner. Trip c up to the forth corner. They all stop when they see each  other. Each standing on his own corner. They're all pisse They meet in the middle of the street as last minute CONC GOERS hurry by.
103) 15) text: Jam, Hawk, Lex, and Trip turn and look at the crumpled wa at their feet. It's an envelope. An ANGELIC SPOTLIGHT FRO ABOVE highlights it.
103) 18) text: They all shake their heads in unison resolved that it isn Then, unable to control themselves, they dive for the  envelope. Jam tears it open. His trembling hand reaches i All their eyes focus like lasers on what's inside. Jam pulls out four KISS tickets. Their jaws drop. Their e bug.
103) 19) dialog: It's a miracle! A miracle!
103) 30) dialog: Well... I still got my idea if anybody  will let me speak.
103) 32) dialog: We all beat each other up, then,  once we're nice and bruised, we run  over to the ticket takers and say we  got mugged and our tickets were  stolen. They gotta let us in then.
103) 33) text: They stand and think for a moment. Hawk's mouth curls int devilish grin. Then, he lets out a gigantic "AIEEE!!! and slugs Jam. The four boys brutally pummel one another in the middle of th intersection. Punching. Kicking. Headbutting.
104) 3) dialog: Look at us!
104) 11) dialog: This is it!
105) 0) text: The lights are out. The lighters have been lit. The CROWD ROAR is deafening. Jam, Hawk, Trip, and Lex plow their way through the thron and head straight for the front row just as Simple Simon  takes the stage.