52) 0) text: The speakers BLAST a DISCO SONG to which the four passeng sing. KENNY, the driver, HONKS to the disco beat. They're slightly older than our heroes and very full of  themselves. Kenny and his best girl CHRISTINE sit in the  front. BOBBY and BARBARA are in the back. It's a double d date.
54) 0) text: Just as the DISCO TUNE playing in the Trans Am hits the n chorus, a fistful of pizza SPLATTERS across the windshiel Freaked, Kenny swerves and zigzags all over the road. Righting himself, Kenny's entire family might as well hav been insulted.
54) 1) dialog: Stop singing... NOW!
55) 2) text: The Trans Am runs alongside the Volvo and Hawk turns to s Kenny pointing to the breakdown lane.
55) 3) dialog: Stop the friggin' car NOW!
55) 4) text: Hawk rolls up his window. Kenny yells, VOICE MUFFLED, and points to Hawk who pays absolutely no attention whatsoeve
56) 0) text: The Trans Am muscles the Volvo into the breakdown lane.  Parking the ass end of the Pontiac out a bit, Kenny block the Volvo in. Kenny and Bobby climb from their car and st over to the boys. Hawk opens his door just as Kenny's hairy-knuckled hands  pull him out through the window. He grabs Trip, yanking h out too. Bobby opens the back door and does the same with Lex and Jam. With a kid in each hand now, Kenny and Bobby SLAM the fou boys against the Volvo in a line. The size difference bet the burnouts and the guidos is painfully obvious now. Ken and Bobby are Neanderthals.
56) 1) dialog: Do you realize the sheer, goddamn,  unadulterated, undiluted, no holds  barred, one hundred percent pure as  Ivory Snow, absolutely friggin'  STUPIDITY of what you just did?
56) 3) text: Kenny hauls back and SLAPS the row of boys in the faces T Stooges-style... WHACKWHACKWHACKWHACK!
56) 4) dialog: DO YOU?!
56) 5) text: Trip, Lex, and Jam clutch their faces in pain. Hawk looks merely disenchanted as Kenny pokes a muscle-bound finger his chest. Getting in Hawk's face, Kenny yammers loud and fast.
56) 6) dialog: Lemme paint you a friggin' picture  ahright? Imagine if you will a 1978  Pontiac Trans American in pristine  condition. (beat) An appealing portrait, nesspah?
56) 8) dialog: BUT WAIT! What's that spec on the  windshield? Could it be a wad of  melted mozzarella, tangy tomato sauce,  and various friggin' meat products?
56) 11) dialog: And if it ain't cleaned off?
56) 13) dialog: (ignoring Christine) Answer me, hippie girl. And if the  mess ain't cleaned off my car?
56) 15) text: Kenny looks at Bobby and they exchange moronic grins.
56) 16) dialog: You're a smart little homo, aren't  you, hippie girl? But, while astounded  at your nimble, friggin' insight, I  still detect an issue hanging fire,  namely: where does a sharp-witted  faggot like yourself get off doing  such a dopey thing like that there?
56) 17) text: Hawk figured out that any answer he gives will be incorre and has decided to wait till Kenny's done.
56) 18) dialog: No really, I'm perplexed. I mean,  could you have done stupider if you  were born without a FUCKIN' HEAD?!
56) 20) dialog: Shut-up, Christine!
56) 21) text: Christine snarls at Kenny.
56) 23) text: Cold silence as Kenny replays Hawk's insult over in his h
56) 24) dialog: Are you gettin' wise with me?
56) 27) text: Kenny's temper's rising faster than the price of gasoline Hawk on the other hand is cooler than an Otter Pop.
56) 28) dialog: Oh, you're dumb all right, you hairy  ass punk. But please, allow me to  clean the friggin' windshield. I  insist.
56) 29) text: And with that, Kenny grabs himself a fistful of Hawk's lo hair and pulls him over to the Trans Am. He wipes the piz off with Hawk's hair, tugging Hawk's head up and down, ba and forth. Hawk GRUNTS with each wipe, but doesn't give K the satisfaction of hearing him scream. Trip, Lex, and Jam watch helplessly, trapped under Bobby' dull-witted, but equally threatening gaze. Kenny gets the last of the big chunks off his windshield looks at his handiwork.
56) 30) dialog: There. Nice and clean.
56) 32) dialog: Oh, no, no, no! It's the fag band!
56) 33) text: Kenny clenches his jaws and walks up to the Volvo, reachi in the driver's door. Suddenly Jam grabs his wrist.
56) 35) dialog: A bunch of guys who make bad music,  dress like freaks, and wear more  make-up than all my sisters combined?   These assholes must be stopped!
56) 36) text: Kenny pushes Jam away.
56) 41) text: Kenny meanwhile has his arm in the Volvo.
56) 42) dialog: Kool and the Gang, now there's real  music.
56) 43) text: Kenny takes the 8-track from the car...
56) 44) dialog: But this... is crap!
56) 45) text: He flings it into the highway, where it is summarily smas to bits under the wheels of a passing semi. FOLLOW a chunk of cartridge and a strand of mangled tape  streaming from it as it sails back toward the side of the road, landing at Jam's feet. TILT UP to Jam's face. He raises his eyes and turns to th CAMERA, a single tear rolling down his cheek, just like t Indian in that "Keep America Beautiful" litter ad. Hawk rises and Kenny comes face-to-face with him.
56) 46) dialog: So. All that having been said and  done, I believe we are ready for the  final topic of discussion. Namely:  Have you learned your lesson yet,  puke?
56) 47) text: Hawk pulls a cigarette from his pocket and lights it. He  blows some smoke in Kenny's face.
56) 49) dialog: (beat, in disbelief) Excuse me, I'm a little deef-a- hearin'. Can you repeat yourself?
56) 51) dialog: Oh, yeah...?
56) 52) text: Out of original material, Kenny goes for an old stand by.
56) 53) dialog: That's not what your mother said  last night.
56) 58) text: Kenny draws a blank, not being prepared for this one.
56) 60) text: Kenny chuckles and looks at Bobby. They have a good littl laugh... the homo's got balls! Then Kenny turns back to H
56) 61) dialog: Okay, fagmo... I'll tell you what  your mother said last night. (beat) She said that I was the fuck of her  life.
56) 64) dialog: (smirking) Sure.
56) 65) text: Quick as a shot, Hawk SLAMS the bottom of the can into Ke nose, crushing it flat against his face. Hawaiian backwas spews from its tab hole like blood as Kenny falls backwar from the impact. He hits his head on the ground. Taking this as a cue... Trip whips out his wallet on a  chain... Lex rips off his KISS belt... And Jam yanks out drumsticks. As if choreographed, Trip swoops the wallet at Bobby's fe snagging him around the ankles tightly with the chain. Le THWAMS Bobby in the face with his big KISS belt buckle le a reversed, red, KISS logo branded in his forehead. Trip yanks the chain pulling Bobby off his feet. When he  hits the ground, Jam's right there DRUMMING his balls. Bobby shrieks. Meanwhile, Hawk advances on Kenny who tries to get the ca off his face, but it's stuck on looking like a pig's nose with fruit punch for snot. Hawk raises both his hands in Kenny's face, then executes the final insult... Hawk messes Kenny's hair. Kenny lets a scream that comes from the bottom of his vanity. Hawk grabs Kenny by the ears and brings the guido's head  swiftly against his kneecap. Kenny falls to the ground,  unconscious on top of Bobby. Their heads collide knocking Bobby out cold. Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornere