3) 2) text: They stink, but they sure are trying hard. Meet the band  "Mystery." Concert tee-shirts, holey jeans, total burn-ou HAWK, a scraggily-haired, disenchanted youth, strains his vocal chords on the microphone as he SCRATCHES at his rhy guitar. Hawk is sort of the brains of this operation, but knowing the others, that doesn't say much. LEX POUNDS a bass with earnest determination. Lanky with posture, Lex is already sporting worry lines. He takes  everything way-too-seriously. TRIP STRUMS lead guitar like he's hammering nails. All id Trip is slightly out of his mind. But, is it the chemical or just his chemistry. He always wears a knit cap. JAM, a sensitive kid (but no wuss), BASHES on his drums l a madman making the bass drum pulsate like a spastic hear The big drum bears the word "Mystery" painted on its skin with a lightning "S" just like the KISS logo. They bring the classic tune to a shrieking conclusion and thrust their hands over their heads in the KISS symbol.   Hawk screams into the mike at their imaginary audience.
3) 4) text: Behind him, Trip grabs Lex's bass and swings it by the ne at an amp pretending to bash it over and over again. Lex  quickly yanks it away from him.
3) 5) dialog: What the fuck, Trip? That's my bass!
3) 10) text: They all make that BREATH SOUND that mimics a screaming c Suddenly, headlights swing by in the window above them li a spotlight. Lex hops onto the unmade bed and looks out t cellar window.
3) 11) text: A baby-shit green, Ford station wagon with fake wood side SCREECHES into the driveway. Mrs. Bruce gets out and STOM toward the house. Lex gasps at the sight.
3) 12) dialog: Shit! It's Jam's mom!
3) 15) text: Lex quickly throws a KISS towel over a TV tray hiding a b cigarettes, overloaded ashtray. Trip kicks half-empty bee bottles under the bed. Hawk sprays Lysol frantically arou the room as Jam shovels gum into his mouth. KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK! Mrs. Bruce pounds on the cellar wind crouching to see in. She looks like a crazed, underlit ps
4) 0) text: The front door opens. Jam steps out to greet his mom with nervous smile. Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand at a safe distan in the foyer behind him.
4) 4) text: She hauls Jam across the lawn. Hawk, Lex, and Trip step o the porch looking on in sympathetic embarrassment. Mrs. B stuffs the record in the trash can then throws Jam in the front seat. SCREECH, the station wagon pulls away.
4) 6) dialog: I had a nightmare once that something  like this might happen. I hope he  doesn't get grounded again. If he  misses Peter Criss's drum solo, I  don't know if he'll be able to handle  it.
6) 0) text: Hawk is on the phone as Lex and Trip scour every inch of cluttered room on their hands and knees searching frantic for something.
8) 2) text: Lex and Trip collapse with relief.
10) 0) text: Lex buckles his belt with its huge KISS belt buckle.
10) 1) dialog: Poor, Jam, man. Imagine having to  stash your KISS records inside Carly  Simon album covers. No question,  Mrs. Bruce is a psycho-bitch from  hell.
10) 4) dialog: Trip, a female gynecologist does not  a lesbian make. And even if it did,  at least my mom didn't give birth to  me while she was on LSD.
10) 7) text: Lex and Trip shaddap.
10) 9) text: Trip and Lex cease and desist the mom-bashing and continu getting ready for school. Suddenly, Lex pushes Trip angri
10) 10) dialog: Trip, you fuckin' asshole.
10) 12) text: Lex points to a wet mess on the pillow.
10) 13) dialog: You spilled my Sea Monkeys all over  the bed.
12) 0) text: The suburban high school is teeming with morning activity School buses pull up to the curb. KIDS arrive in droves a immediately find their cliques. The JOCKS and PRIMADONNAS make up the popular crowd. There's DISCO DUDES, FRESHMEN look like grade schoolers, and GEEKS. At the smoking section hang the BURNOUTS. Hawk, Trip, and Lex stand amid the other long-hairs.
12) 4) dialog: Stellas. I hate stellas almost as  much as I hate dogs.
12) 9) dialog: (defensive) Yeah, right. She wishes. Look at  that big ass.
12) 13) text: Hawk and Lex look and laugh when they see him.
12) 14) dialog: Shit, that dork is Jam.
13) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam grab books from their lockers.   KISS stickers, photos, and rock magazine cut-outs line th insides. Jam's locker door is covered with Peter Criss on
13) 3) dialog: Yeah, she gives you shit and you  take it.
13) 9) dialog: If your mom so much as smells those  tickets, they're history, and we get  screwed outta seeing KISS for the  third year in a row, the third year!
16) 0) text: Lex's eyes bug with terror. The basketball game is at a  standstill as everyone is crippled with laughter.
19) 13) dialog: I knew it! I knew this was gonna  happen! I had a bad feeling since  last night. Remember? We are so  totally fucked!
19) 21) dialog: Wanna bet.
19) 25) dialog: Check!
22) 2) text: Lex sits on the toilet in the stall.
22) 3) dialog: Hey, take it easy, man. This is the  girls' crapper, remember?
22) 5) dialog: Trip, it's not the end of the world,  okay? Quit acting all squeezed out.
22) 6) text: Trip grabs Lex by the collar, yanks him off the toilet an shoves him against the wall.
22) 8) dialog: Smug, Trip! Not snug, smug.
22) 11) text: They run to exit. Hawk first. Suddenly, Hawk backs up aga into Trip and Lex as if a swarm of killer bees was out th
22) 13) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex run back and pile into the last stall All three stand on the toilet bracing their arms against walls for balance. A FOXY GIRL hurries into the stall next to theirs. We see the top halves of three heads peek over the stall's parti The three boys don't make a sound as they watch her sit d As she glances up, they recoil fast. They whisper super-q
22) 15) dialog: I've been in love with her since the  second grade.
22) 18) dialog: I have never heard a girl squeeze  cheese in my entire life.
22) 22) text: Just then, the SOUND OF CRACKING PORCELAIN, as the toilet they're standing on breaks into pieces with a SMASH. They topple over pulling the stall walls down with them exposi the foxy chick sitting on the can. Water GUSHES everywher as she screams bloody murder, getting doused ruining her  Farrah-do. They bolt out the door slipping and sliding across the to of toilet water. Lex turns and shrugs to the traumatized  girl.
22) 23) dialog: Heh-heh, sorry.
27) 0) text: Except for the tinkering NOISES that are heard as the STU work on their projects, there is silence in Electronics C The teacher, MR. JOHANSEN, sips from a coffee cup and rea a newspaper, his feet on the desk. The headline says: "Ma Suicide in Jonestown. Cyanide in the Kool-Aid." Above him a long banner reading: "Sorry, Absolutely no bathroom bre Hawk, Trip, and Lex sit before a half-built radio on a wo bench, sheer desperation etched on their faces. Lex solders two copper wires together. Hawk attaches a di Trip absently plays with a squeeze pump attached to a lon plastic tube. He blows air into his face repeatedly with
27) 5) text: Detroit? DETROIT? Hawk, Trip, and Lex react like they've  just been hit by phasers on stun. God is intervening.
27) 7) text: HIGH FREQUENCY NOISES again, then the radio loses recepti Hawk exchanges an anxious glance with Trip and Lex.
27) 8) dialog: Too bad we're stuck in electronics  or...
27) 22) text: Hawk and Lex observe that Trip has been successful, then a Three Stooges-style handshake, whispering "Curly!"
33) 0) text: Students pour into the hall. Hawk and Lex exit the class  just as Trip comes zigzagging down the corridor dodging t hordes. All three converge as Trip can't contain his  enthusiasm.
33) 2) dialog: We won?!
34) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex hold their trays over the counter as LUNCH LADIES fill them with Salisbury steak, hard dinner  rolls and scoops of bluish pudding. Ah, public school  nutrition.
34) 3) dialog: The Chinese have a proverb: "That  which appears too good to be true,  usually is." There's gotta be a catch.
34) 9) dialog: But... but, St. Bernard's is way the  hell over in the next county!
34) 11) dialog: We are not stealing my mom's car.
34) 13) dialog: Hawk, all I need is one ding on the  Volvo and presto! There are my balls  hanging from the rearview mirror  after she gets back from Cincinnati.
34) 15) dialog: Sunday, but...
34) 18) dialog: Simple-icity is more like it. And  you guys thought Jam was in trouble  before. Wait till Mrs. Bruce finds  out he went to that concert with us.
34) 20) dialog: The hypothetical temperature  characterized by the absence of heat  and even the slightest amount of  molecular activity? Yeah, I'm vaguely  familiar
34) 22) text: Lex nods.
34) 26) dialog: Very funny, Hawk. Okay, I'm in on  this hare-brained scheme, but if  anything happens to my mom's car,  I'm blaming you. I'll say you drugged  me or something.
34) 30) dialog: Wait a minute. We ditching the rest  of school?
34) 32) dialog: Hello summer detention.
34) 34) text: Hawk points across the cafeteria and sure enough Elvis ha just entered. Luckily, he hasn't noticed the boys yet. Elvis swaggers to a table of CHEERLEADERS, puts his leg o chair and starts a one-sided conversation with them. They promptly push their trays away, having lost their appetit Meanwhile, back at the condiment tray, Hawk and Trip each grab a big handful of ketchup packets and head to a table Lex reluctantly follows suit grabbing a big handful of ke packets too. All three of them put their trays down and s
34) 36) text: Hawk approaches the exit door, glances either way, then  leaves. Trip and Lex look at their watches for five seconds. Then Trip heads for the exit door also. Lex still stares at his watch. After five, he looks at El who stops talking to the cheerleaders. As if possessing s sixth sense, Elvis turns quickly and looks STRAIGHT INTO  CAMERA. ELVIS'S POV -- He spots the swinging exit door and an emp table with three full lunch trays sitting on it.
35) 0) text: Elvis pushes through the door and into a hall, dead-eye s focused up ahead where the hallway turns sharply. He catc a glimpse of Lex. Smiling like the devil, Elvis bolts.
36) 0) text: Lex catches up with Hawk and Trip just as Elvis swings ar the corner and marauds after them CACKLING maniacally. A chase ensues. Down hallways. Around corners. Upstairs. Do ramps. Hawk, Trip, and Lex scramble as fast as they can to escap the clutches of their sideburn-clad nemesis. As the boys pass a classroom, a NERD comes out pushing a  projector on an AV cart. Thinking fast, Hawk grabs it out the nerd's hands and pushes it down the hall at Elvis.
38) 0) text: Pausing at the corner, Elvis takes a breath and leaps aro it. He smiles at what he sees. Up ahead, Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand on a 3-stair stoop,  desperately pulling at a locked door. Elvis smiles. They  GULP.
38) 5) text: Hawk's brow furrows as he pulls about fifty ketchup packe out of his pocket. Trip and Lex do the same.
38) 9) text: Trip and Lex ready themselves, then...
38) 11) text: They start stomping on the packets, squirting Elvis's fac and torso with tomato-based condiment causing him to let a scream that lasts the rest of the scene. Ketchup spatte across his body in SUPER SLOW MOTION. A shot hits him in mouth and he COUGHS it back out in mid-scream. The boys stomp relentlessly, mercilessly, blasting their  nemesis with hideous cafeteria red as Elvis throws his ar back, body quaking at every splat. It's kind of like the  scene in "The Godfather" where Sonny gets it. Beaten and spent, his scream now dried up to a hoarse GAS Elvis slips on some ketchup at his feet. He hits the floo with a THUD right in the goop. He lays there letting out SOBS looking like a bunless wiener. Hawk jumps off the stoop. Taking Elvis's key chain away, hops back up and unlocks the door letting Trip and Lex ou Hawk whips the keys back at Elvis, hitting him in the hea then flashes a pearly Error Flynn smile.
39) 0) text: C/U on the grill of a moving car, Ohio vanity plate readi Ob-GYN. PULL BACK to reveal it's on a brand spanking-new, brown V 242 DL hauling ass. Hawk drives, Lex rides shotgun, and T sits in the back, arms draped over the front seat.
41) 2) dialog: Huh. St. Bernard's. Figures it's  named after a canine.
44) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce exits the building and approaches her car. She stops when she sees the '78 brown Volvo parked behind her It's empty. She shrugs and gets into her car, driving off Inside the Volvo Hawk, Trip, and Lex poke their heads up. The coast is clear so they can sit straight again. They s up at a second story window where they see part of Jam's  profile.
44) 1) dialog: Now, how are we gonna do this?
44) 7) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex exchange an anxious glance, then Hawk smiles. He is officially inspired as he turns to the boy.
45) 7) text: The nun exits and a second later Hawk enters wearing Lex' baseball cap pulled down over his eyes.
45) 10) text: The priest swivels his chair around and unlocks a box lab "Donations." While he looks for cash, Hawk gives Jam a  discreet kick in the shin. Jam looks up and recognizes Ha He then looks out the window seeing Trip, Lex, and the Vo below. For the first time we see what Jam looks like with a big, fat, shit-eating grin on his face.
46) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex look up at Father McNulty's window.
47) 2) text: Father McNulty belly laughs so hard this time, he slides his chair hitting his chin on the edge of his desk. He is pain only momentarily, then laughs again, this time at hi own pratfall. He hoists himself back into his chair. Hawk, Trip, and Lex suddenly barge into the office, follo by the outraged nun.
48) 0) text: Hawk drives, Trip rides shotgun, Lex and Jam sit in the b Stoked beyond belief, Jam POUNDS his drumsticks on the  upholstery to the beat of a rockin' KISS tune playing on 8-track.
48) 2) text: Lex taps Jam on the shoulder.
48) 3) dialog: Not looking like that, Mr. Rogers.
48) 4) text: Lex hands him a paper bag with jeans and a tee-shirt in i
48) 5) dialog: We got you a change of duds when we  picked up the car.
48) 8) dialog: (screams) My mom's hubcap!
49) 0) text: ANGLE ON a status report. The 2:45 is now leaving. We see Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam running alongside a train as it  picks up speed by the second. They YELL for it to stop, b it's hopeless. The train is gone. So much for the 2:45.
50) 0) text: Lex looks at the speedometer. Hawk's got it up to ninety- five.
50) 1) dialog: Jeezis, Hawk, can you at least keep  it within twenty miles of the speed  limit?
53) 2) dialog: Trip, huck that out before it stains  the upholstery!
55) 0) text: Lex is looking at the mess on the Trans Am's windshield a the anger in the eyes of its passengers.
55) 1) dialog: Holy shit! We just pissed off the  Incredible Hulk, his idiot half  brother and two circus clowns.
55) 9) dialog: (freaking out) The paint!
56) 0) text: The Trans Am muscles the Volvo into the breakdown lane.  Parking the ass end of the Pontiac out a bit, Kenny block the Volvo in. Kenny and Bobby climb from their car and st over to the boys. Hawk opens his door just as Kenny's hairy-knuckled hands  pull him out through the window. He grabs Trip, yanking h out too. Bobby opens the back door and does the same with Lex and Jam. With a kid in each hand now, Kenny and Bobby SLAM the fou boys against the Volvo in a line. The size difference bet the burnouts and the guidos is painfully obvious now. Ken and Bobby are Neanderthals.
56) 5) text: Trip, Lex, and Jam clutch their faces in pain. Hawk looks merely disenchanted as Kenny pokes a muscle-bound finger his chest. Getting in Hawk's face, Kenny yammers loud and fast.
56) 29) text: And with that, Kenny grabs himself a fistful of Hawk's lo hair and pulls him over to the Trans Am. He wipes the piz off with Hawk's hair, tugging Hawk's head up and down, ba and forth. Hawk GRUNTS with each wipe, but doesn't give K the satisfaction of hearing him scream. Trip, Lex, and Jam watch helplessly, trapped under Bobby' dull-witted, but equally threatening gaze. Kenny gets the last of the big chunks off his windshield looks at his handiwork.
56) 54) text: Trip, Lex, and Jam exchange "uh-oh" glances. Meanwhile, H eyes glaze over.
56) 65) text: Quick as a shot, Hawk SLAMS the bottom of the can into Ke nose, crushing it flat against his face. Hawaiian backwas spews from its tab hole like blood as Kenny falls backwar from the impact. He hits his head on the ground. Taking this as a cue... Trip whips out his wallet on a  chain... Lex rips off his KISS belt... And Jam yanks out drumsticks. As if choreographed, Trip swoops the wallet at Bobby's fe snagging him around the ankles tightly with the chain. Le THWAMS Bobby in the face with his big KISS belt buckle le a reversed, red, KISS logo branded in his forehead. Trip yanks the chain pulling Bobby off his feet. When he  hits the ground, Jam's right there DRUMMING his balls. Bobby shrieks. Meanwhile, Hawk advances on Kenny who tries to get the ca off his face, but it's stuck on looking like a pig's nose with fruit punch for snot. Hawk raises both his hands in Kenny's face, then executes the final insult... Hawk messes Kenny's hair. Kenny lets a scream that comes from the bottom of his vanity. Hawk grabs Kenny by the ears and brings the guido's head  swiftly against his kneecap. Kenny falls to the ground,  unconscious on top of Bobby. Their heads collide knocking Bobby out cold. Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornere
56) 66) dialog: Not so fast, stella.
56) 74) text: He throws the Trans Am into drive. All who are conscience listen to the brief SCREECH, then  watch the Trans Am as it barrels without a driver into th woods skirting the highway. It races into ditches, bounces off trees, and SPLASHES th ponds, all Smokey and the Bandit-like. The disco-mobile ramps off the edge of an embankment, tum down a steep, rocky incline breaking apart along the way, and finally, BOOM! It explodes on final impact. The boys all look at each other and shrug. Hawk walks bac to the Volvo and gets in. Trip, Lex, and Jam follow suit pile in as well. Lex shouts back to Barbara.
56) 75) dialog: Oh, thanks for letting us draw from  your ample make-up supply. You must  have the entire Revlon factory in  your purse!
57) 8) dialog: What is it with you, Jam? You got a  thing for that... thing?
58) 0) text: Christine sits between Jam and Lex in the back SNAPPING g Jam and Lex stare at her like cats looking at a fish bowl Hawk looks in the rearview mirror at Christine checking  herself in a compact. She swathes on some 7-Up flavored,  Bonnie Bell lip gloss. Trip meanwhile twirls the joint he's just finished rollin in his mouth, sealing it. He winks at her disgustingly.
58) 6) text: Trying to be suave, Lex moves in close, putting the make her.
58) 7) dialog: Your clothes may say disco, but your  eyes say rock 'n' roll, baby.
58) 18) text: Trip lights the joint and takes a lungful of pot. He pass it to Lex and the joint begins to make its rounds with th exception of Christine. The car starts to fill with smoke
58) 34) text: All, Christine included, pause to think about what that  comment was supposed to mean. Lex takes a hit off the joi
58) 35) dialog: (holding in smoke) That last remark fell about 30 yards  away from making any sense whatsoever.
58) 36) text: Hawk and Trip immediately bust into the giggles and it do take long for Lex and Jam to follow suit.
58) 38) text: Christine succumbs to the contagious giggle epidemic and whole car gets a great laugh for a while. They finally calm down again and wipe tears from their ey Lex still has the joint now as Christine looks at it.
58) 40) text: Lex smiles despite himself and holds the weed out to her we...
60) 0) text: Christine is fast asleep between Jam and Lex.
60) 1) dialog: Man, that weed knocked Christine on  her ass. She's sleeping like a baby  stella.
60) 6) dialog: Curly driving, Hawk. We still got  two hours to spare.
61) 0) text: "TOP OF THE WORLD" continues, playing through the speaker the ascending elevator inside which Hawk, Trip, Lex, and stand. They watch the numbers climb, smiling.
62) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam poke their heads around the corn of an office doorway totem pole-style.
63) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam sit in the tiny producer's booth with Simon who fast forwards a reel-to-reel tape through  some very loud, high-speed conversation and bits of music Looking at the footage counter on the tape player, he slo down at a certain point and lets the boys listen to this: The CLICK of a phone being answered.
63) 19) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam stare at the floor in silence.
64) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam ride back down the elevator sipp NeHi sodas, watching the floor numbers get lower and lowe Terry Jack's immortal hit "SEASONS IN THE SUN" plays over the elevator speaker.
64) 3) dialog: Really, Trip, can we bore holes in  your head and use it as a bong so it  actually does us some good for a  change?
64) 10) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex cringe.
64) 13) dialog: Yeah, it's like you're possessed by  The Flying Nun, or something.
65) 0) text: COBO Hall looms up ahead. Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam enter the sidewalk. A thickening CROWD of KISS fans continually meander by. On their way to the car, they suddenly hear a WOMAN'S VOI bellowing through a megaphone from somewhere down the str After a moment they see the voice's source. A GROUP OF WOMEN has congregated about forty feet ahead a their LEADER, her back toward the boys, yells to the grou through her bullhorn. Flying above them all is a large ba reading: "MATMOK, Mothers Against The Music Of KISS."
65) 2) text: The group cheers as the KISS FANS milling around them pre much ignore the whole MATMOK spectacle. Lex looks away from the MATMOKS and into the street. We c see what he sees, but we can tell he's alarmed.
65) 3) dialog: Uh... dudes?
65) 5) dialog: DUDES!
65) 6) text: They all look at Lex.
65) 7) dialog: (eyes focused ahead) Where's the Volvo?
65) 10) dialog: I can see that, bright boy. What  happened to it?
65) 13) dialog: But we took the keys?
65) 15) dialog: Okay, I'm just a little mad now!  Jam, why'd you talk us into picking  that bitch up in the first place!?
65) 18) dialog: Here's a suggestion. Let's stop  worrying about the concert for the  time being and get the cops in on  this Volvo situation.
65) 20) text: Lex is developing a look of resolve. This is Detroit!
65) 22) dialog: (on a roll) ...I mean, my mom's got insurance.  What's the worst thing she could do?   Ground me for the entire year? I can  handle that...
65) 24) dialog: ...Holy shit! I am in absolute  trouble! I never should have let you  drive, man! Absolute fuckin' trouble!
65) 27) dialog: All I got is five. The rest is in  the Volvo.
65) 35) dialog: I think we should try sneaking in.
65) 37) dialog: Okay, one of us sneaks in, gets four  ticket stubs off some kids in the  audience, comes back out, and we all  "re-enter" the concerto. Voila!
65) 47) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex split up, leaving Jam alone. He start walking in the opposite direction, passing MATMOKS. The l is still on a roll, yelling through the megaphone.
73) 0) text: The full-to-capacity parking lot is patrolled by a couple SECURITY GUARDS. Lex cautiously makes his way to the edge of the parking l and looks at the back side of Cobo Hall just beyond the c link fence that surrounds the lot. He crouches down and walks between two cars parked agains the fence, looking both ways. Seeing a guard's flashlight beam, he sits stock still until the beam sweeps past, the SIGHS eased.
73) 1) dialog: (whispering to self) I can't believe I'm actually  entertaining the notion of sneaking  in. I oughta have my cranium examined.
73) 2) text: Lex finds a vertical break in the chain link. He lays on back, slides through, then stands on the other side of th fence. He's at the edge of a weedy, littery field that al happens to be poorly lit.
73) 3) dialog: Whoa. Danger Will Robinson.
73) 6) text: Lex sees the guard standing about fifty feet away on the  other side of the fence. Panicking, he bolts deeper into field.
73) 8) text: Lex double-times it as we hear the guard yelling into his walkie-talkie.
73) 10) text: The field gets darker as Lex closes in on Cobo Hall's wel lit loading dock, where ROADIES empty the remaining bits KISS's monstrous set from an 18-wheeler. Other huge truck are parked nearby. There's a bustle of last minute activi
74) 0) text: Lex scurries from giant speaker box to a stack of lights huge trunks, keeping well hidden. He dodges roadies and a being seen by OTHER GUARDS. He slithers along side the 18-wheeler and nears the loadi bay. Up ahead some auxiliary speakers, drum kits, and  scaffolding wait their turn to be carried into the buildi
74) 2) text: Lex spins. The security guard, flanked by two others, bar right for him.
74) 3) dialog: Shit!
74) 11) text: The security guards look around frantically for Lex as ot roadies join in to defend their comrade.
74) 13) text: No one pays attention as a bass drum is carried past the  guards and up the loading dock ramp. They don't notice Le crammed inside contorted into a shape befitting a yoga ma Praying he won't be spotted, Lex holds his breath as he's carried into the building and disappears.
78) 6) text: Chongo advances, muscles flexing.
79) 0) text: Lex is twisted like a pretzel as he's carted into the bow of Cobo Hall. He tries to keep calm, but it's not in his  nature.
79) 1) dialog: (under his breath) Keep it together, Lex. Anything worth  fighting for is worth dying for.
80) 0) text: ROADIES and TECHIES run in all directions as last minute  preparations are being attended to. Two roadies carry the base drum down a long ramp unaware  that Lex is hidden inside.
81) 0) text: Lex spins like in a dryer on speed.
81) 1) dialog: WHOOOOAAA!
83) 0) text: The drum bounces down the zigzag stairway violently. Lex' GRUNTS of pain can be heard from inside.
83) 4) text: As they carry the drum back up the stairs, we see it is n empty. Once the roadies are gone, CAMERA TILTS UP to the  ceiling. There's Lex clutching exposed pipes for dear lif hanging upside down, praying the coast is clear. BETH'S CONFESSION / COMPENSATORY POSSIBILITIES
88) 0) text: Your wildest fantasy of a rock show's backstage area come true. The place is packed with "beautiful" people. Scanti clad BABES everywhere. Slick, RECORD BIZ-TYPES. Lots of f Lots of booze. Lots of fun. It's backstage at a KISS conc come on! CAMERA TILTS UP above the partying hordes to find Lex shi along an exposed duct amid the pipes, sprinklers, and ven Looking straight down on everybody, Lex is in awe and  disbelief.
88) 1) dialog: This is real. This is not a dream!  This is real! I've pierced the inner  circle!
88) 3) dialog: Oh, God, they're in there!
88) 4) text: A big-haired HIPSTER in mirrored sunglasses KNOCKS on the dressing room door. It opens, but Lex can't see inside. T hipster stands in the doorway talking to whoever is there Lex cranes his neck to see around the door jamb. Desperat for a glimpse of his idols, he leans out too far. Suddenly, the entire duct collapses. Breaking loose of th ceiling, Lex hurls to the floor clutching the duct. Backs goers leap for cover as SMASH... he hits the ground in a  shower of plaster and dust. The hipster protectively pulls the dressing room door shu as two SECURITY MEN jump in front of it. Instantly, huge, burly hands come down on Lex's shoulders Before he can react, a slew of OFFICERS have him off his  feet and carry him away, a stunned expression frozen to h face.
89) 0) text: Lex is thrown into a heaping garbage dumpster by the scru of his neck. The security officers laugh and pat themselv on the back as they hurry back in. Lex peeks out the lid. The alley is dark and spooky. He j out of the trash and comes face to face with the biggest  GERMAN SHEPHERD that has ever lived. Its teeth are bared its black, wolf-like body is coiled, ready to spring.  
89) 2) dialog: (petrified) Dogs! Why did it have to be dogs!
89) 3) text: Then, a GROWLING DOBERMAN with a spiked collar emerges fr the darkness on the other side of the alley, its solid,  muscular form making the brick building nearby look like  jello. Lex starts SLAPPING himself on the face.
89) 4) dialog: Wake up, Lex! Wake up, man! This  part's gotta be a nightmare!
89) 5) text: No luck. He stops, when several other DOGS emerge from th shadows and gather behind the first three. These new mutt immediately join in the GROWLING chorale. The Shepherd sn at Lex.
89) 6) dialog: (to the heavens) God, if you ever get me outta this,  I swear I will never masturbate again!
89) 8) dialog: (to heaven again) I REALLY MEAN IT THIS TIME!
92) 0) text: Still trapped by the GROWLING, BARKING pack of dogs, Lex  searches nervously through the garbage behind him.
92) 1) dialog: Okay, okay, you're pissed off. I can  see this. So... Maybe what we need...  ah-ha.
92) 2) text: Lex holds up a worn-out, old frisbee.
92) 3) dialog: Play some frisbee, poochies?
92) 5) dialog: (exasperated) Alright! I give up! I hearby and  forthwith defer my destiny to you  mutts. I may be an intelligent,  upright, walking, homo-fucking sapien,  but you fleabags are a force of  nature. So, I'm just gonna sit here  and wait for you to decide. If you  let me live, I thank you. If you  bite my head off, I'll die knowing I  did all I could. It's up to you.
92) 6) text: Lex waits before the GROWLING, SNAPPING canines. Suddenly the Basset Hound runs up in front of the pack and drops t frisbee at Lex's feet. Lex looks down at the floppy, wrin dog, who wags its tail and PANTS furiously.
92) 7) dialog: Well, how do you like that?
92) 8) text: Lex starts to pet the hound, and one-by-one the rest of t dogs shut-up. Shocked, Lex picks the frisbee up again and throws it. This time the entire pack bolts after the Whammo product. Lex smiles, watching them fight for it in the air... in S MOTION... as the theme from "CHARIOTS OF FIRE" begins. The black Shepherd finally grabs the frisbee in its mouth and runs back toward Lex. It's soon joined by the rest of the pack. That's right about when Lex realizes they aren' going to stop.
92) 9) dialog: Whoa! Whoa!
92) 10) text: The dogs plow into Lex full-force knocking him into the  garbage. They surround him licking his face. Lex bursts i unstoppable laughter. Pulling himself up, he pets the dogs as they jump around wagging their tails and PANTING.
92) 11) dialog: (baby talk) You sonsofbitches could tickle a guy  to death, y'know that? Sure you do...  Sure you do...
92) 12) text: Lex stops. He hears TALKING coming from inside the window brick building on the other side of the alley. He steps i front of the pack and puts his fingers to his lips. They  obey, quieting instantly. He then tiptoes to a thin crack the brick wall. The dogs quietly follow. Lex puts his eye to the crack and peers in.
93) 9) text: Lex follows the voice and sees Christine handcuffed to a  radiator near the rear of the shop.
96) 12) text: Silence except for CRICKETS. Then... from out of the dark emerges a figure... Lex. Christine's eyes brighten like a bulb.
96) 13) dialog: I'm here for the girl and the car.  You can try to stop me, but I must  warn you, it may be hazardous to  your health.
96) 17) text: Lex lets out a quick HIGH-PITCHED WHISTLE. The pack of BA dogs led by the Shepherd, the Pit Bull, the Doberman, and the Basset Hound, step from the darkness and flank Lex,  GROWLING and SNARLING at the beefy jerks.
96) 18) dialog: Listen to them. Children of the night.  What music they make... Hounds of  hell? Say hello to dinner!
96) 19) text: The beefy jerks drop their tools on their feet and yelp i pain. The pack takes this as a threat and charge the beef jerks, who bolt for a glass-partitioned office. The dogs  SCRATCH and BARK at the window ferociously. Lex smiles at Christine. She smiles back. He presses the  "down" button on the lift and the Volvo descends. Lex yel to the beefy jerks through the glass.
96) 20) dialog: One foot out of that office and your  asses are Alpo!
96) 21) text: Lex unlocks Christine. She leaps into his arms.
96) 23) text: She gives him a lingering kiss. Lex leans back, gives the double thumbs-up, and says...
96) 24) dialog: Aaaayyyyy!
96) 25) text: Lex takes her hand and they walk over to the Volvo. Lex l her in then rounds the car to the driver's side.
96) 27) dialog: You got a phone in there?
96) 28) text: They nod. Lex drips a dry smile onto them.
96) 29) dialog: Call the cops.
101) 0) text: Christine sits in an idling taxi taking money from Lex, w stands outside the window.
101) 1) dialog: This oughta be enough to get you to  Disco Inferno, Christine.
101) 3) dialog: No can do. But I made a promise to  get you to that disco, and we KISS  maniacs are men of our word.  Besides... you're pretty cool... for  a stella, I mean.
101) 6) text: She gives Lex a kiss then pushes him away.
101) 8) text: The taxi SCREECHES away as Lex smiles and gets back into Volvo.
103) 4) text: He sees someone out of the corner of his eye across the  street. It's Jam. Lex approaches the other corner. Trip c up to the forth corner. They all stop when they see each  other. Each standing on his own corner. They're all pisse They meet in the middle of the street as last minute CONC GOERS hurry by.
103) 7) dialog: I found the Volvo.
103) 15) text: Jam, Hawk, Lex, and Trip turn and look at the crumpled wa at their feet. It's an envelope. An ANGELIC SPOTLIGHT FRO ABOVE highlights it.
103) 16) dialog: No... You don't think...?
103) 27) dialog: Come on, Elvis. We was only kiddin'.  It's all in good fun. We run, you  chase. Cat and mouse. You know.
105) 0) text: The lights are out. The lighters have been lit. The CROWD ROAR is deafening. Jam, Hawk, Trip, and Lex plow their way through the thron and head straight for the front row just as Simple Simon  takes the stage.