72) 0) text: The store is crawling with KISS FANS, some reading the co books, others playing pinball against a far wall, still o looking at the poster section. Trip enters on a mission. He looks around catching the eye of a pretty CASHIER. She a rocker, wearing a Who tee-shirt, a mood ring, and just little too much make-up. She smiles at him. Trip returns smile with a feeble wave. Her mood ring turns from blue t pink. Concentrating on the layout of the store, Trip peers all way to the back to a darkened corner... where he spies a  LITTLE KID wearing a KISS tee-shirt playing a KISS pinbal machine. Trip smiles. The eagle has spotted a fuzzy, little bunny. moves in for the kill, walking past a crowd of kids at th magazine rack, past the Hostess aisle, past the dairy coo and into the darkened corner. He stands behind the little kid, relishing this moment. T kid is actually pretty good. We also see now the little k has his face painted like Ace Frehley.
72) 3) dialog: Shit! You just skunked my last ball,  you...
72) 4) text: Trip clamps a hand over the little kid's mouth.
72) 6) text: The little kid says something but Trip's hand muffles his words.
72) 11) dialog: Please sir, don't beat me up. I do  have a KISS ticket, but not on me.
72) 13) dialog: (bottom lip quivering) No really. My brother's hanging onto  it for safe keeping. Please, let me  get him for you.
72) 15) dialog: Hey, Chongo!
72) 18) dialog: Don't try to run, maggot. Chongo's  an all-state track star in every  event.
72) 20) dialog: (gleefully) A tag on your toe. Nobody threatens  me and lives.
72) 22) dialog: It's not nearly enough, punk.
72) 24) dialog: Besides, I was gonna take your wallet  anyway. After Chongo and his friends  crush your ribcage like a pack of  Luckys.
72) 27) dialog: He was gonna mug me for my KISS  ticket.
72) 33) dialog: Say, Chongo, perhaps we could use  some extra cash for tasty snacks at  the KISS concert our weasly friend  won't be attending.
72) 36) dialog: Take five for a minute, Chongo. Let  me do the math.
72) 37) text: The little kid taps his finger on his chin and the theme  from "JEOPARDY" begins. While the kid thinks, Trip looks  nervously up at Chongo and his buds. Chongo reaches into denim vest pocket and we hear a CRINKLING NOISE. He comes back up with two walnuts, putting them between his bicep forearm. Trip watches in horror as Chongo makes a muscle and the  walnuts are shelled between two walls of iron-hard flesh. CREEEAAAACK! Chongo eats the walnuts, shells and all.
78) 0) text: Trip looks at the little kid, Chongo, and the two buds in fear.
78) 2) dialog: You heard me, nad breath. My time's  precious and I think that's a  reasonable price to pay for your  sorry life.
78) 4) text: The little kid shakes his head in disgust.
78) 5) dialog: Chongo? Take him outside and tear  his ass out through his mouth.
78) 8) text: The little kid and Chongo look at each other.
78) 10) dialog: I think he's on the level. He's too  stupid to try anything sneaky anyway.  Look at him, he's a moron.
78) 12) dialog: You got fifteen minutes and not a  second longer. We have a concert to  go to. See you outside.
100) 0) text: We find Trip counting his money out to the little kid, Ch and their two buds.
100) 2) text: The little kid puts the money in his pocket.
100) 3) dialog: Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. I really wanted things  to work out for you, my weasly, dim- witted friend. You got spunk. (to Chongo) Chongo, give him a fifty dollar  wallop.
100) 8) dialog: Consider it a bonus, Chongo.
100) 9) text: Chongo laughs like an ejaculating gorilla as he and his t buds scoop it all up. The little kid, Chongo, and the bud leave Trip lying in a puddle of his own nose blood. He pulls out Stretch Armstrong and looks at him fondly.
104) 6) text: The ticket takers turn to see the little kid, Chongo, and their two buds just going in. The ticket takers signal tw security guards who proceed to stop the four stunned kids and confiscate their tickets. They find all the stolen do and Trip's wallet.
104) 10) text: The little kid for once is speechless. Then the ticket taker extends his arm in SLOW MOTION into COBO Hall as if to say "Entrez Vous." The four friends pa