1) 0) text: Decorated in Carol Brady chic. When it's not gaudy, tacky and loud, it's blander than toast. Colors like lime green and sunshine orange should be reserved for popsicles only MRS. BRUCE, late 30's, enters looking exhausted. She carr a glass of wine in one hand and a book in the other, Erma Bombeck's The Grass Is Always Greener Over The Septic Tan HUMMING "We've Only Just Begun," Mrs. Bruce crouches next her wildly-ancient entertainment center complete with 8-t She flips the first record forward on her Ronco Record Ma Album after album flaps forward. Olivia Newton-John, Neil Diamond, the Osmond Brothers. She stops on the Carpenters and sighs at the serene cover art. Just what the doctor  ordered. Placing the vinyl on the turntable, she CLICKS the dustco closed and FLICKS "Play." Reclining in her Lazyboy, she s her wine, opens the book and awaits the mellow tones of K Carpenter. Suddenly, her eardrums are hammered by machine gun GUITAR Caustic ROCK 'N' ROLL assaults her senses. She jumps, spi her wine all over herself. This isn't the Carpenters...
1) 3) dialog: KISS! The devil's music!
3) 11) text: A baby-shit green, Ford station wagon with fake wood side SCREECHES into the driveway. Mrs. Bruce gets out and STOM toward the house. Lex gasps at the sight.
3) 15) text: Lex quickly throws a KISS towel over a TV tray hiding a b cigarettes, overloaded ashtray. Trip kicks half-empty bee bottles under the bed. Hawk sprays Lysol frantically arou the room as Jam shovels gum into his mouth. KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK! Mrs. Bruce pounds on the cellar wind crouching to see in. She looks like a crazed, underlit ps
3) 16) dialog: (muffled through glass) Jeremiah! Jeremiah Bruce! You get  out here this instant!
3) 19) dialog: (screams) NOW!
4) 2) text: Mrs. Bruce grabs her son by the ear and holds up the KISS LOVE GUN record waving it in his face.
4) 3) dialog: The devil's body count, that's what's  up! Don't you know what KISS stands  for? "Knights in Satan's Service!"
11) 0) text: Jam gives the Bullworker one final yank. This time it com loose... not from his foot, but from under the bed. Its h lashes up SLAPPING him across the face. Ouch. Fully awake now, Jam throws on Trip's denim jacket. He st a drumstick into his left sock. We see "Mystery" written it. Just as he's about to stick the other one in his righ sock... Without a second of warning, or even a knock, Mrs. Bruce  suddenly ENTERS. Immediately Jam stands.
11) 1) dialog: Jeremiah, what are you doing?
11) 3) text: She turns to his closet, the door blocking her view of th KISS poster. Jam leaps to the window and yanks the "Destr shade. It shoots up, FLAPPING around its rod. He's done t before. Mrs. Bruce peeks at Jam from around his closet door. He  stretches in front of the window.
11) 5) dialog: You're going to be late if you don't  hurry up and change soon.
11) 7) dialog: It's dirty laundry for one thing and  for another, you still haven't worn  the clothes I bought you. You're  skating on thin ice already, young  man, so I wouldn't push my luck. Now  get out of those rags.
11) 9) dialog: Besides, those jeans are so tight I  can see your penis.
11) 10) text: Jam reluctantly takes off the denim jacket as Mrs. Bruce  grabs the single drumstick from his hand and shakes it at him.
11) 11) dialog: Someday you'll see the futility in  forging a musical career with those  idiots.
11) 14) dialog: Now don't forget you're on the honor  system tonight. I'll be home a little  after one and if you've been partying  or playing that satanic KISS music...  well, need I remind you of the  consequences?
11) 16) dialog: You're a smart boy, Jeremiah. And so  handsome.
14) 30) dialog: Give me that microphone... Jeremiah,  you get your sorry self down to this  office, mister!
14) 31) text: All the kids except for Beth burst into hysterical laught Mrs. Bruce's tirade continues over QUICK SHOTS of...
15) 1) dialog: I found some things in the pockets  of your jacket while I was picking  up your disgusting laundry today...
16) 1) dialog: Cigarettes! Marijuana! Prophylactics!
17) 1) dialog: And something much, much worse!
17) 4) dialog: If you know what's good for you,  you'll get down here... NOW!
19) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce sits next to a stand-up ashtray in the high  school's waiting area. Scowling, she fans the KISS ticket out with one hand. Jam sits across from her, one leg jitt anxiously. They sit for an uncomfortably long time until... Mrs. Bru pulls a cigarette and lighter out of her purse.
19) 1) dialog: I made an appointment with Father  Phillip McNulty at St. Bernard's.   We're to see him directly where he  will register you on the spot.
19) 3) dialog: What else can I do? Oh, records and  magazines and comic books are one  thing, but tickets? TICKETS? Jeremiah,  do you realize what this means? That  you're no longer content merely  hearing their awful songs or looking  at photos of their horrific faces!  Now you want to see the devil in the  flesh. You want to reach out and  touch pure evil... and in Detroit no  less!
19) 6) text: Mrs. Bruce holds the tickets over the lighter's flame.
19) 7) dialog: And if the "guys" have parents who  truly love them, they will elevate  me to sainthood for getting rid of  these blasted things.
19) 8) text: Mrs. Bruce lights her smoke with the flaming tickets, the drops them in the ashtray where they burn for a cruel  eternity. Jam stares semi-catatonic through his mom's sou expression.
19) 9) dialog: It's been a long time coming, son,  but you're finally going to get the  kind of discipline you deserve.
20) 0) text: Beth looks sadly out the window watching Mrs. Bruce push in the car. Beth puts her hand on the pane wanting to tou him.
23) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce uses a finished cigarette to light another.
23) 1) dialog: Someday you'll have a son just like  you, Jeremiah. A boy who lies through  his teeth, buys demonic records, and  smokes the dope just like you.
23) 3) dialog: What?!
23) 5) dialog: If you truly are sorry, son, then  you better pray like you've never  prayed before. God willed me to find  those tickets because He wanted to  hear from you.  He knows you need  help and He wants you to ask Him for  it.
24) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce's car turns off the road and drives through an imposing set of wrought iron gates. The sign reads: St.  Bernard's Veil of Tears. A School for Catholic Boys.
42) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce and FATHER McNULTY stand outside his office. T door is open a tad. Jam sits just beyond it, but all we s are his corduroyed legs which shake. Jam is one nervous k
42) 1) dialog: Again, many thanks and praise to you  for seeing Jeremiah on such short  notice.
42) 4) dialog: God bless you, Father McNulty.
44) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce exits the building and approaches her car. She stops when she sees the '78 brown Volvo parked behind her It's empty. She shrugs and gets into her car, driving off Inside the Volvo Hawk, Trip, and Lex poke their heads up. The coast is clear so they can sit straight again. They s up at a second story window where they see part of Jam's  profile.
65) 49) text: The leader's gaze finally falls upon Jam. He lets out a G Yes, the leader is Mrs. Bruce. So this was her church mee She freezes when she sees her son; her jaw slackens. Mean Jam looks stunned beyond comprehension.
65) 51) text: Mrs. Bruce quickly hands the megaphone to another MATMOK  member, who picks up where Mrs. Bruce left off. Jam looks around for someplace to run and hide, but it's late. Mrs. Bruce slices through the crowd of KISS fans an grabs Jam by the ear. He yelps.
65) 52) dialog: I don't know how you got here tonight  and I don't want to know either. All  I know is you're going to pay dearly  for this one, young man!
66) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce tugs Jam toward the intersection we saw before They cross the street toward the corner where the Cathedr sits. Jam looks up at the cross on the steeple and GULPS with  trepidation.
66) 2) dialog: Just keep your lying, heathenous  trap shut, Jeremiah.
66) 6) text: Mrs. Bruce pulls Jam up to the priest.
66) 8) dialog: Can we talk, Father? I'm desperate.  My son was about to defy God by going  to that blasphemous KISS concert.
67) 0) text: Parked in front of the busy fast-food establishment we  recognize the two-toned Chevy Impala with luggage tied on top. In the window we see Beth and her parents sitting at one of the booths. Out the window Beth looks across the street just as Jam,  Mrs. Bruce, and the priest enter the cathedral. Her face  drops.
75) 2) text: Beth smiles nervously and heads back toward the front doo passing a confessional booth. She throws a glance back at the priest and Mrs. Bruce who have returned to conferring their backs to her. She stealthily ducks into the booth.
75) 3) dialog: Now it's been a while since my boy  had holy confession. Could you...?
75) 5) text: Mrs. Bruce looks down at Jam and sees his drumsticks poki out of his socks. She immediately takes them out and stuf them into her jacket. Jam doesn't even move.
75) 6) dialog: It's about time you gave up on that  stupid dream once and for all. No  son of mine is going to be a career  musician.
75) 7) text: Jam is stung. Mrs. Bruce and the priest head back down th center aisle exiting through the gigantic front doors. Sh eyes Jam.
75) 8) dialog: Thank you, Father. I'll be back for  him before you know it; after I take  care of some unfinished business.
102) 0) text: Jam approaches the stadium, passing the MATMOKS, walking  straight up to Mrs. Bruce. Her back is to him. He taps he on the shoulder. She turns. Her jaw drops. It escaped aga And what an ugly tee-shirt.
102) 2) text: Taken aback by his confidence, Mrs. Bruce grabs his ear a tries to pull him away. He won't budge.
102) 6) text: Mrs. Bruce yells at Jam through her bullhorn.
102) 7) dialog: Drumsticks are the least of your  worries, young man. You are in a  world of...
102) 12) text: The crowd of KISS fans APPLAUD Jam's rant. Mrs. Bruce is  utterly winded from the assault.
102) 13) dialog: (timidly) Jeremiah... what's gotten into you?
102) 17) text: Mrs. Bruce reaches into the trash, finds the drumsticks a hands them to him. He spins them like pistols, then stuff them into his socks and walks away.