43) 0) text: The priest enters, SLAMS the door shut, startling Jam, an sits in front of a painting of the Virgin Mary on his wal The name plate on his desk reads: FR. PHILIP McNULTY.
45) 10) text: The priest swivels his chair around and unlocks a box lab "Donations." While he looks for cash, Hawk gives Jam a  discreet kick in the shin. Jam looks up and recognizes Ha He then looks out the window seeing Trip, Lex, and the Vo below. For the first time we see what Jam looks like with a big, fat, shit-eating grin on his face.
45) 21) text: Father McNulty smiles, taking a big bite. Jam smiles for entirely different reason. The priest mumbles with a mout
47) 0) text: The Father has undergone a metamorphosis. He's redder tha boiling lobster, his eyes bulge and he's laughing the dee laugh a man can without risking psychological evaluation. Jam watches fascinated as the priest tries to finish the  story. It's not every day you see a holy man tripping on  shrooms.
47) 11) text: The nun looks at the priest, deep concern in her eyes.
66) 3) text: They climb the steps to the cathedral passing a bulletin  board reading: Thank God It's Friday Mass, 6PM-7PM. PARISHIONERS exit the beautiful church, shaking hands wit PRIEST as they leave.
66) 5) dialog: Thank you/Come again next week.
66) 6) text: Mrs. Bruce pulls Jam up to the priest.
66) 7) dialog: Next mass is tomorrow morning, sister.
66) 9) dialog: In that case, come right in.
67) 0) text: Parked in front of the busy fast-food establishment we  recognize the two-toned Chevy Impala with luggage tied on top. In the window we see Beth and her parents sitting at one of the booths. Out the window Beth looks across the street just as Jam,  Mrs. Bruce, and the priest enter the cathedral. Her face  drops.
75) 0) text: Jam sits in the front pew, head buried in his hands as Mr Bruce and the priest talk on the alter. Beth moves quietly in the back, unseen and unheard. She l overwhelmed by the architecture, the detail on the staine glass windows, the icons carved into the columns that sup the extravagantly decorated ceiling. The priest catches a glimpse of Beth meandering in the ba
75) 1) dialog: Uh, next mass isn't until tomorrow  morning, young lady. Run along now.
75) 2) text: Beth smiles nervously and heads back toward the front doo passing a confessional booth. She throws a glance back at the priest and Mrs. Bruce who have returned to conferring their backs to her. She stealthily ducks into the booth.
75) 4) dialog: (smiling) Consider it done.
75) 7) text: Jam is stung. Mrs. Bruce and the priest head back down th center aisle exiting through the gigantic front doors. Sh eyes Jam.
75) 9) dialog: Just knock loudly, sister.
75) 11) dialog: Come along, son. Get into the booth.
76) 0) text: Jam kneels on the board and a mere two feet behind him, B sits on a bench shrouded in darkness. Her posture is that someone with a crate of nitroglycerine on her lap. We hear the SHUFFLING noise of the priest getting into hi own compartment next door. A moment later the small, eye- level door SLIDES open. The priest's face is barely visib on the other side of the thick screen, but he's there.
76) 2) dialog: Prepare to receive the Act of Penance.   How many sins have you committed  since your last confession?
84) 0) text: Jam is at the end of his confession. The priest is still  listening on the other side of the screen. Beth sits in t shadows behind Jam.
84) 2) dialog: That's it?
84) 4) dialog: Well, this is a unique confession to  say the least, son. And not exactly  the most interesting one I've ever  heard either. You sure you don't  want to talk about... oh, carnal  knowledge with a neighborhood girl  or impure thoughts about the new  student teacher maybe... or how about  finding a box of magazines under  your dad's bed?
84) 6) dialog: Well then, I suggest you have a seat  on the bench behind you and think of  something a little juicier to confess  than losing KISS tickets. I realize  this is Detroit, but I personally  find, what that rock and roll band  is all about, to be boring as  Lucifer's kingdom. I'll return in a  little while.
84) 7) text: The priest SLIDES the door shut again. Jam is all but shr in darkness, but can make out the time on his watch. It's getting late. He resignedly sits on the bench behind him. right on Beth's lap. Jam yells, but Beth throws her hand over his mouth. His e bulge. He can't believe what he's seeing. He climbs off B and sits next to her.
86) 0) text: Jam and Beth lay buck naked, tightly wrapped around each  other in the heat of passion on the confessional booth fl They kiss, sweat, and PANT heavily. Suddenly, the sliding door to the priest's booth opens. J and Beth freeze.
90) 11) text: Touched, Jam kisses her for a long time. He starts puttin on the shirt when suddenly they hear the SHUFFLING of the priest entering his booth. Jam grabs his clothes and sits back on the bench. Beth starts getting dressed at his fee
90) 12) dialog: Okay, you better have something really  sinful for me this time, son. My  patience is worn to threads and your  mom will be here any minute.
90) 14) dialog: No...
90) 17) dialog: Oh, this is terrible... Please go  on.
90) 20) dialog: Well? Continue! Continue!
90) 22) dialog: Was it a teddy?
90) 25) dialog: A bustier?
90) 27) dialog: Splendid! I love a good game of Name  That Nightie.
91) 0) text: We can hear the priest's voice as Jam hurries to Beth. Th dash out the door.