73) 10) text: The field gets darker as Lex closes in on Cobo Hall's wel lit loading dock, where ROADIES empty the remaining bits KISS's monstrous set from an 18-wheeler. Other huge truck are parked nearby. There's a bustle of last minute activi
74) 0) text: Lex scurries from giant speaker box to a stack of lights huge trunks, keeping well hidden. He dodges roadies and a being seen by OTHER GUARDS. He slithers along side the 18-wheeler and nears the loadi bay. Up ahead some auxiliary speakers, drum kits, and  scaffolding wait their turn to be carried into the buildi
74) 7) text: They suddenly realize they've got the wrong man. It's a  roadie.
74) 8) dialog: Hey, what the fuck?
74) 9) text: The roadie holds up his all-access laminate angrily.
74) 10) dialog: Keep your paws to yourself, ya dumb  fuckin' apes.
74) 11) text: The security guards look around frantically for Lex as ot roadies join in to defend their comrade.
80) 0) text: ROADIES and TECHIES run in all directions as last minute  preparations are being attended to. Two roadies carry the base drum down a long ramp unaware  that Lex is hidden inside.
80) 2) text: Suddenly, Roadie #2 snags his foot on a mess of cable and loses his balance, dropping the oversized drum. In an ins the drum goes rolling down the ramp quickly gaining speed
80) 4) text: The roadies bolt after the runaway drum. Other workers sc out of the way to avoid being hit by the speeding instrum
82) 0) text: More techies jump out of the way as the wayward drum head right for a closed set of double doors. The roadies are j about to grab it before impact, when... The door unexpectedly swings open. The FOXY GROUPIES on t other side scream at the sight of the careening drum head straight for them.
83) 4) text: As they carry the drum back up the stairs, we see it is n empty. Once the roadies are gone, CAMERA TILTS UP to the  ceiling. There's Lex clutching exposed pipes for dear lif hanging upside down, praying the coast is clear. BETH'S CONFESSION / COMPENSATORY POSSIBILITIES