3) 2) text: They stink, but they sure are trying hard. Meet the band  "Mystery." Concert tee-shirts, holey jeans, total burn-ou HAWK, a scraggily-haired, disenchanted youth, strains his vocal chords on the microphone as he SCRATCHES at his rhy guitar. Hawk is sort of the brains of this operation, but knowing the others, that doesn't say much. LEX POUNDS a bass with earnest determination. Lanky with posture, Lex is already sporting worry lines. He takes  everything way-too-seriously. TRIP STRUMS lead guitar like he's hammering nails. All id Trip is slightly out of his mind. But, is it the chemical or just his chemistry. He always wears a knit cap. JAM, a sensitive kid (but no wuss), BASHES on his drums l a madman making the bass drum pulsate like a spastic hear The big drum bears the word "Mystery" painted on its skin with a lightning "S" just like the KISS logo. They bring the classic tune to a shrieking conclusion and thrust their hands over their heads in the KISS symbol.   Hawk screams into the mike at their imaginary audience.
3) 4) text: Behind him, Trip grabs Lex's bass and swings it by the ne at an amp pretending to bash it over and over again. Lex  quickly yanks it away from him.
3) 8) dialog: Just one more day of school to get  through, girls, before tomorrow  night... Live! (getting excited) COBO Hall! Detroit, Michigan! (like an announcer) You wanted the best!
3) 15) text: Lex quickly throws a KISS towel over a TV tray hiding a b cigarettes, overloaded ashtray. Trip kicks half-empty bee bottles under the bed. Hawk sprays Lysol frantically arou the room as Jam shovels gum into his mouth. KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK! Mrs. Bruce pounds on the cellar wind crouching to see in. She looks like a crazed, underlit ps
4) 0) text: The front door opens. Jam steps out to greet his mom with nervous smile. Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand at a safe distan in the foyer behind him.
4) 4) text: She hauls Jam across the lawn. Hawk, Lex, and Trip step o the porch looking on in sympathetic embarrassment. Mrs. B stuffs the record in the trash can then throws Jam in the front seat. SCREECH, the station wagon pulls away.
4) 5) dialog: Jam has yet to do an overnight with  us.
6) 0) text: Hawk is on the phone as Lex and Trip scour every inch of cluttered room on their hands and knees searching frantic for something.
8) 2) text: Lex and Trip collapse with relief.
8) 4) text: Trip reaches in a breast pocket and pulls out Rosary bead Spooked, he drops them like they were a bug.
10) 2) dialog: You're one to talk, Lex. Your mom's  a fuckin' dyke.
10) 3) text: Trip pockets his wallet which is affixed to a long chain  attached to a side belt loop.
10) 5) dialog: Shrooms! And even if it was LSD, I  can still give my mom a kiss without  smelling the catch of the day.
10) 7) text: Lex and Trip shaddap.
10) 9) text: Trip and Lex cease and desist the mom-bashing and continu getting ready for school. Suddenly, Lex pushes Trip angri
10) 11) dialog: What?
11) 0) text: Jam gives the Bullworker one final yank. This time it com loose... not from his foot, but from under the bed. Its h lashes up SLAPPING him across the face. Ouch. Fully awake now, Jam throws on Trip's denim jacket. He st a drumstick into his left sock. We see "Mystery" written it. Just as he's about to stick the other one in his righ sock... Without a second of warning, or even a knock, Mrs. Bruce  suddenly ENTERS. Immediately Jam stands.
12) 0) text: The suburban high school is teeming with morning activity School buses pull up to the curb. KIDS arrive in droves a immediately find their cliques. The JOCKS and PRIMADONNAS make up the popular crowd. There's DISCO DUDES, FRESHMEN look like grade schoolers, and GEEKS. At the smoking section hang the BURNOUTS. Hawk, Trip, and Lex stand amid the other long-hairs.
12) 1) dialog: School. What a fuckin' waste of time.
12) 5) dialog: Same species when you think about  it.
12) 10) dialog: You know what they say about a big  ass... big shit.
12) 12) dialog: Hey, that dork looks just like Jam.
13) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam grab books from their lockers.   KISS stickers, photos, and rock magazine cut-outs line th insides. Jam's locker door is covered with Peter Criss on
13) 1) dialog: So, Jam, who did your wardrobe, Tad  the preppie sailboat captain?
13) 8) dialog: That's some sick shit right there.   Did she comb your ass hair for you  too?
17) 0) text: Trip dozes at his desk as an out-of-date film about VD  sputters on. The room is deafening with laughter. Then, a if hit by a ton of bricks, Trip wakes up alarmed by the  familiar, shrilly voice.
17) 2) dialog: Holy shit, my jacket!
19) 14) dialog: Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! Maybe  we can glue the tickets back together!
19) 16) dialog: Yeah.
22) 0) text: Trip kicks a bathroom stall violently.
22) 1) dialog: Fuck! Shit!
22) 4) dialog: Wake up, Lex! We just watched Jam's  mom torch our fuckin' KISS tickets!  Not REO Speedwagon! Not Journey! Not  the Bay City Rollers! KISS! If you  can think of a better reason to trash  a bathroom, I'd sure like to hear  it!
22) 6) text: Trip grabs Lex by the collar, yanks him off the toilet an shoves him against the wall.
22) 7) dialog: Oh, everything's hunky-dory now that  the shit hit the fan just like you  said it would, you snug sonofabitch!  You fuckin' jinxed us!
22) 11) text: They run to exit. Hawk first. Suddenly, Hawk backs up aga into Trip and Lex as if a swarm of killer bees was out th
22) 13) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex run back and pile into the last stall All three stand on the toilet bracing their arms against walls for balance. A FOXY GIRL hurries into the stall next to theirs. We see the top halves of three heads peek over the stall's parti The three boys don't make a sound as they watch her sit d As she glances up, they recoil fast. They whisper super-q
22) 21) dialog: Peeeyeewww! That stinks!
27) 0) text: Except for the tinkering NOISES that are heard as the STU work on their projects, there is silence in Electronics C The teacher, MR. JOHANSEN, sips from a coffee cup and rea a newspaper, his feet on the desk. The headline says: "Ma Suicide in Jonestown. Cyanide in the Kool-Aid." Above him a long banner reading: "Sorry, Absolutely no bathroom bre Hawk, Trip, and Lex sit before a half-built radio on a wo bench, sheer desperation etched on their faces. Lex solders two copper wires together. Hawk attaches a di Trip absently plays with a squeeze pump attached to a lon plastic tube. He blows air into his face repeatedly with
27) 1) dialog: (re:squeeze pump/tube) Wonder if you could smoke shit out  of this?
27) 5) text: Detroit? DETROIT? Hawk, Trip, and Lex react like they've  just been hit by phasers on stun. God is intervening.
27) 7) text: HIGH FREQUENCY NOISES again, then the radio loses recepti Hawk exchanges an anxious glance with Trip and Lex.
27) 12) text: Trip puts one leg over the other always keeping a hand be his back.
27) 13) dialog: But I gotta take a piss like you  would not believe, Mr. Johansen!
27) 15) dialog: But ever since my doctor put me on  salt pills, it's been like Niagara  Falls every half hour! Please, Mr.  J! Have mercy!
27) 16) text: Suddenly, a wet stain grows across the crotch of Trip's p
27) 19) dialog: Jeezis, I'm taking a leak in my pants!
27) 20) text: We now see Trip is squeezing the pump from before. He hol it behind him feeding water into the tube running down th back of his pants. The stain travels fast, hitting Trip's knee in a nanoseco In a state of shock, Mr. J. slowly opens a long forgotten drawer on his desk, finding a cobweb and dust-covered pad bathroom passes. He tears one off and dust flies everywhe He holds the pass out to Trip like it was a cross he was  holding before an advancing vampire.
27) 22) text: Hawk and Lex observe that Trip has been successful, then a Three Stooges-style handshake, whispering "Curly!"
28) 0) text: The SECRETARY sits at her desk in the reception area fili paperwork. She pauses when she hears RUNNING FOOTSTEPS. T charges past, a big, wet stain on his crotch. The secretary notices the pump and tube flopping from the back of his pants as Trip turns a corner.
29) 0) text: Trip runs up to a pay phone on the wall, pumps every nick he has into it, puts the phone to his ear and dials.
29) 1) dialog: I need to be connected to the W.A.R.P.  contest hotline... Now... lady!...  Hello, is this me? I'm Trip.
30) 0) text: A cubby-of-an-office. Cluttered beyond belief. Elvis lean back on his chair against the wall reading a PLOP Magazin A transistor radio plays W.A.R.P. He bolts at the sound o Trip's name causing his chair to slide out from under him
30) 2) dialog: Am I on the air?... Yeah... Gene  Klein, Stanley Eisen, Paul Frehley,  and Peter, uh, Criscoula... yeah,  that's it!
31) 0) text: The secretary hears an ecstatic "YEEEHAAWW" and turns to Trip wheeling back around the corner, leaping in the air he runs, YOWLING like a rodeo cowboy. He bounds past her. She watches him and shakes her head.
33) 0) text: Students pour into the hall. Hawk and Lex exit the class  just as Trip comes zigzagging down the corridor dodging t hordes. All three converge as Trip can't contain his  enthusiasm.
33) 1) dialog: I did it! I did it! We won!
34) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex hold their trays over the counter as LUNCH LADIES fill them with Salisbury steak, hard dinner  rolls and scoops of bluish pudding. Ah, public school  nutrition.
34) 1) dialog: (stoked) This is the best thing that ever  happened to me at school! Not only  are we on again for KISS in Detroit,  but we're actually sitting right at  the fifty yard line! I dare you dudes  to find a curlier scenario.
34) 4) dialog: Yeah? I have a saying too, Lex. It  goes, "Catch my jizz in your mouth  and stop jinxing us, asshole." We're  going this time and that's all there  is to it.
34) 7) dialog: Namely?
34) 17) dialog: Simplicity, Hawk.
34) 24) dialog: Just for the record, I understood  the last part of what you said, but  for a while there you guys were making  no fucking sense whatsoever.
34) 31) dialog: About fuckin' time if you ask me.  I'm just going through the motions  till I drop out anyway.
34) 34) text: Hawk points across the cafeteria and sure enough Elvis ha just entered. Luckily, he hasn't noticed the boys yet. Elvis swaggers to a table of CHEERLEADERS, puts his leg o chair and starts a one-sided conversation with them. They promptly push their trays away, having lost their appetit Meanwhile, back at the condiment tray, Hawk and Trip each grab a big handful of ketchup packets and head to a table Lex reluctantly follows suit grabbing a big handful of ke packets too. All three of them put their trays down and s
34) 36) text: Hawk approaches the exit door, glances either way, then  leaves. Trip and Lex look at their watches for five seconds. Then Trip heads for the exit door also. Lex still stares at his watch. After five, he looks at El who stops talking to the cheerleaders. As if possessing s sixth sense, Elvis turns quickly and looks STRAIGHT INTO  CAMERA. ELVIS'S POV -- He spots the swinging exit door and an emp table with three full lunch trays sitting on it.
36) 0) text: Lex catches up with Hawk and Trip just as Elvis swings ar the corner and marauds after them CACKLING maniacally. A chase ensues. Down hallways. Around corners. Upstairs. Do ramps. Hawk, Trip, and Lex scramble as fast as they can to escap the clutches of their sideburn-clad nemesis. As the boys pass a classroom, a NERD comes out pushing a  projector on an AV cart. Thinking fast, Hawk grabs it out the nerd's hands and pushes it down the hall at Elvis.
38) 0) text: Pausing at the corner, Elvis takes a breath and leaps aro it. He smiles at what he sees. Up ahead, Hawk, Lex, and Trip stand on a 3-stair stoop,  desperately pulling at a locked door. Elvis smiles. They  GULP.
38) 5) text: Hawk's brow furrows as he pulls about fifty ketchup packe out of his pocket. Trip and Lex do the same.
38) 9) text: Trip and Lex ready themselves, then...
38) 11) text: They start stomping on the packets, squirting Elvis's fac and torso with tomato-based condiment causing him to let a scream that lasts the rest of the scene. Ketchup spatte across his body in SUPER SLOW MOTION. A shot hits him in mouth and he COUGHS it back out in mid-scream. The boys stomp relentlessly, mercilessly, blasting their  nemesis with hideous cafeteria red as Elvis throws his ar back, body quaking at every splat. It's kind of like the  scene in "The Godfather" where Sonny gets it. Beaten and spent, his scream now dried up to a hoarse GAS Elvis slips on some ketchup at his feet. He hits the floo with a THUD right in the goop. He lays there letting out SOBS looking like a bunless wiener. Hawk jumps off the stoop. Taking Elvis's key chain away, hops back up and unlocks the door letting Trip and Lex ou Hawk whips the keys back at Elvis, hitting him in the hea then flashes a pearly Error Flynn smile.
41) 1) dialog: Well, here we are back at fucking  school again.
41) 3) text: Hawk and Trip roll their eyes.
44) 0) text: Mrs. Bruce exits the building and approaches her car. She stops when she sees the '78 brown Volvo parked behind her It's empty. She shrugs and gets into her car, driving off Inside the Volvo Hawk, Trip, and Lex poke their heads up. The coast is clear so they can sit straight again. They s up at a second story window where they see part of Jam's  profile.
44) 3) text: They hear an ENGINE and turn to see a delivery truck labe PIZZA PIG parking behind them. A DELIVERY BOY holding a p box steps out. Trip's mouth waters.
44) 4) dialog: (licking his chops) Mmm, pizza...
44) 7) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex exchange an anxious glance, then Hawk smiles. He is officially inspired as he turns to the boy.
45) 10) text: The priest swivels his chair around and unlocks a box lab "Donations." While he looks for cash, Hawk gives Jam a  discreet kick in the shin. Jam looks up and recognizes Ha He then looks out the window seeing Trip, Lex, and the Vo below. For the first time we see what Jam looks like with a big, fat, shit-eating grin on his face.
46) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex look up at Father McNulty's window.
46) 1) dialog: Usually takes anywhere from ten  minutes to half an hour.
46) 5) dialog: He's lit.
47) 0) text: The Father has undergone a metamorphosis. He's redder tha boiling lobster, his eyes bulge and he's laughing the dee laugh a man can without risking psychological evaluation. Jam watches fascinated as the priest tries to finish the  story. It's not every day you see a holy man tripping on  shrooms.
47) 2) text: Father McNulty belly laughs so hard this time, he slides his chair hitting his chin on the edge of his desk. He is pain only momentarily, then laughs again, this time at hi own pratfall. He hoists himself back into his chair. Hawk, Trip, and Lex suddenly barge into the office, follo by the outraged nun.
48) 0) text: Hawk drives, Trip rides shotgun, Lex and Jam sit in the b Stoked beyond belief, Jam POUNDS his drumsticks on the  upholstery to the beat of a rockin' KISS tune playing on 8-track.
49) 0) text: ANGLE ON a status report. The 2:45 is now leaving. We see Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam running alongside a train as it  picks up speed by the second. They YELL for it to stop, b it's hopeless. The train is gone. So much for the 2:45.
50) 3) text: Trip holds his stomach as we hear it GROWL.
50) 4) dialog: I'm starvin' and it's way past  lunchtime.
50) 6) text: Trip spots a sign on the side of the road: Next Exit,  Sandusky.
50) 7) dialog: Let's stop in Sandusky, Hawk.
50) 9) dialog: Pizza, and I been jones-in' for a  pizza ever since we left St.  Bernard's.
53) 0) text: Trip lifts a rubbery slice of pizza to his mouth and the layer slides off PLOPPING into his lap.
53) 1) dialog: Eyowch! This is one hot pizza!
53) 3) text: Trip grabs the wad of goop and throws it out the window.
56) 0) text: The Trans Am muscles the Volvo into the breakdown lane.  Parking the ass end of the Pontiac out a bit, Kenny block the Volvo in. Kenny and Bobby climb from their car and st over to the boys. Hawk opens his door just as Kenny's hairy-knuckled hands  pull him out through the window. He grabs Trip, yanking h out too. Bobby opens the back door and does the same with Lex and Jam. With a kid in each hand now, Kenny and Bobby SLAM the fou boys against the Volvo in a line. The size difference bet the burnouts and the guidos is painfully obvious now. Ken and Bobby are Neanderthals.
56) 5) text: Trip, Lex, and Jam clutch their faces in pain. Hawk looks merely disenchanted as Kenny pokes a muscle-bound finger his chest. Getting in Hawk's face, Kenny yammers loud and fast.
56) 29) text: And with that, Kenny grabs himself a fistful of Hawk's lo hair and pulls him over to the Trans Am. He wipes the piz off with Hawk's hair, tugging Hawk's head up and down, ba and forth. Hawk GRUNTS with each wipe, but doesn't give K the satisfaction of hearing him scream. Trip, Lex, and Jam watch helplessly, trapped under Bobby' dull-witted, but equally threatening gaze. Kenny gets the last of the big chunks off his windshield looks at his handiwork.
56) 54) text: Trip, Lex, and Jam exchange "uh-oh" glances. Meanwhile, H eyes glaze over.
56) 65) text: Quick as a shot, Hawk SLAMS the bottom of the can into Ke nose, crushing it flat against his face. Hawaiian backwas spews from its tab hole like blood as Kenny falls backwar from the impact. He hits his head on the ground. Taking this as a cue... Trip whips out his wallet on a  chain... Lex rips off his KISS belt... And Jam yanks out drumsticks. As if choreographed, Trip swoops the wallet at Bobby's fe snagging him around the ankles tightly with the chain. Le THWAMS Bobby in the face with his big KISS belt buckle le a reversed, red, KISS logo branded in his forehead. Trip yanks the chain pulling Bobby off his feet. When he  hits the ground, Jam's right there DRUMMING his balls. Bobby shrieks. Meanwhile, Hawk advances on Kenny who tries to get the ca off his face, but it's stuck on looking like a pig's nose with fruit punch for snot. Hawk raises both his hands in Kenny's face, then executes the final insult... Hawk messes Kenny's hair. Kenny lets a scream that comes from the bottom of his vanity. Hawk grabs Kenny by the ears and brings the guido's head  swiftly against his kneecap. Kenny falls to the ground,  unconscious on top of Bobby. Their heads collide knocking Bobby out cold. Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornere
56) 74) text: He throws the Trans Am into drive. All who are conscience listen to the brief SCREECH, then  watch the Trans Am as it barrels without a driver into th woods skirting the highway. It races into ditches, bounces off trees, and SPLASHES th ponds, all Smokey and the Bandit-like. The disco-mobile ramps off the edge of an embankment, tum down a steep, rocky incline breaking apart along the way, and finally, BOOM! It explodes on final impact. The boys all look at each other and shrug. Hawk walks bac to the Volvo and gets in. Trip, Lex, and Jam follow suit pile in as well. Lex shouts back to Barbara.
57) 0) text: Hawk starts the engine and takes off. Trip pulls a baggie weed and some rolling papers out.
57) 3) dialog: That's no girl. That's a stella.
57) 12) dialog: Unless there was gonna be a scene  where the disco bunny blows the four  dudes on the way to the show.
58) 0) text: Christine sits between Jam and Lex in the back SNAPPING g Jam and Lex stare at her like cats looking at a fish bowl Hawk looks in the rearview mirror at Christine checking  herself in a compact. She swathes on some 7-Up flavored,  Bonnie Bell lip gloss. Trip meanwhile twirls the joint he's just finished rollin in his mouth, sealing it. He winks at her disgustingly.
58) 2) dialog: (smirks) What's it worth to you?
58) 10) dialog: (frustrated) So, are you, like, gonna polish our  nobs, or what?
58) 13) dialog: Oh, quit bein' the wussy, sensitive  guy to impress her, Jam. She's  obviously not gonna put out. She's a  fuckin' tease.
58) 15) dialog: You got in the car, didn't you?
58) 17) dialog: Whatever... stella.
58) 18) text: Trip lights the joint and takes a lungful of pot. He pass it to Lex and the joint begins to make its rounds with th exception of Christine. The car starts to fill with smoke
58) 26) dialog: Disco blows dogs for quarters.
58) 29) text: Trip looks confused, then smiles thinking she paid him a  compliment.
58) 36) text: Hawk and Trip immediately bust into the giggles and it do take long for Lex and Jam to follow suit.
58) 42) text: The Volvo passing a big sign that says: "Welcome to Michi the Great Lakes State." The Volvo racing toward the Detroit skyline. Detroit landmarks: The General Motors Building, the Ford  Building, Motown Records, and finally... COBO HALL, where thousands of fans in KISS tees gather,  waiting for its doors to open. Unbelievable traffic stretches to an intersection at whic stand four key landmarks... a cathedral, a convenience st a parking lot, and a male strip joint. They face one anot each on its own corner. A gigantic sign on the auditorium's facade flashes the  commandment, "YOU GOTTA LOSE YOUR MIND IN DETROIT ROCK CI over and over again.
60) 2) dialog: (whispers lustfully) Let's lift up her shirt.
61) 0) text: "TOP OF THE WORLD" continues, playing through the speaker the ascending elevator inside which Hawk, Trip, Lex, and stand. They watch the numbers climb, smiling.
61) 2) dialog: Oh, I'll remember it till the day I  die. His name was... Simpleton the  Simian? No, Samson Samoan... No,  simply, similar...
62) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam poke their heads around the corn of an office doorway totem pole-style.
63) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam sit in the tiny producer's booth with Simon who fast forwards a reel-to-reel tape through  some very loud, high-speed conversation and bits of music Looking at the footage counter on the tape player, he slo down at a certain point and lets the boys listen to this: The CLICK of a phone being answered.
63) 19) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam stare at the floor in silence.
64) 0) text: Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam ride back down the elevator sipp NeHi sodas, watching the floor numbers get lower and lowe Terry Jack's immortal hit "SEASONS IN THE SUN" plays over the elevator speaker.
64) 2) text: Trip looks away from the rest, ashamed.
64) 4) dialog: Fuck you, Lex! This whole thing  wouldn't have happened if it wasn't  for you jinxing us. I just made an  honest mistake.
64) 10) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex cringe.
64) 12) dialog: Really, Jam, you tryin' to make us  barf?
65) 0) text: COBO Hall looms up ahead. Hawk, Trip, Lex, and Jam enter the sidewalk. A thickening CROWD of KISS fans continually meander by. On their way to the car, they suddenly hear a WOMAN'S VOI bellowing through a megaphone from somewhere down the str After a moment they see the voice's source. A GROUP OF WOMEN has congregated about forty feet ahead a their LEADER, her back toward the boys, yells to the grou through her bullhorn. Flying above them all is a large ba reading: "MATMOK, Mothers Against The Music Of KISS."
65) 8) text: Hawk, Trip, and Jam look at their parking spot to see a b up Dodge Dart sitting there instead of the Volvo.
65) 9) dialog: It's gone.
65) 14) dialog: Damn, she musta hot wired it. We  picked up a professional car thief  in the shape of Olivia Newton-John!
65) 26) dialog: Twenty-five more'n I got.
65) 32) dialog: Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! We find  four really small kids, beat the  shit outta them and steal their  tickets. What do you think?
65) 34) text: Trip smiles proudly.
65) 39) text: Hawk points to the intersection where the church, the mal strip joint, the parking lot, and the Smiley Mart are loc
65) 41) dialog: One more time in English.
65) 47) text: Hawk, Trip, and Lex split up, leaving Jam alone. He start walking in the opposite direction, passing MATMOKS. The l is still on a roll, yelling through the megaphone.
69) 9) text: The scalper points over his shoulder and Hawk turns to se three GIGGLING WOMEN exiting the strip joint. None are un forty. A sign below the bar's logo reads: Amateur Night Giveaway Guys Over 18 Only! Bare It All And Win 75 Bucks!
69) 23) text: It's Trip.
69) 24) dialog: No thanks, dude. I'm beating my ticket  out of some poor, defenseless chump.
69) 25) text: Trip exits FRAME.
70) 0) text: Hawk enters your average, everyday, male strip joint. A c of LUSTY WOMEN cheer on a STRIPPER IN A FIREMAN'S SUIT. H dances on a lighted, tile stage under a spinning, mirror  ball. Hawk shows the MAN AT THE DOOR his fake license and the m nods him in. He approaches the bar in the early stages of being very intimidated. The BARTENDER, a man dressed only in tight, black, tuxedo pants, shirt cuffs, and a tie, comes up to Hawk.
71) 0) text: Your typical 70's convenient store. Out front two SIX YEA OLDS in Star Wars tee-shirts play tug-o-war with a Stretc Armstrong doll. Trip stomps over grabbing them by their mini shirts. When tries to act tough, it's pathetic. Even six year olds are afraid.
71) 1) dialog: Hey, you little twerps, gimme your  KISS tickets or I'll pop your fuckin'  faces in.
71) 4) dialog: I oughta kick your asses for sayin'  that.
71) 6) dialog: But I'm in a hurry so I'll just take  this instead. Now scram.
72) 0) text: The store is crawling with KISS FANS, some reading the co books, others playing pinball against a far wall, still o looking at the poster section. Trip enters on a mission. He looks around catching the eye of a pretty CASHIER. She a rocker, wearing a Who tee-shirt, a mood ring, and just little too much make-up. She smiles at him. Trip returns smile with a feeble wave. Her mood ring turns from blue t pink. Concentrating on the layout of the store, Trip peers all way to the back to a darkened corner... where he spies a  LITTLE KID wearing a KISS tee-shirt playing a KISS pinbal machine. Trip smiles. The eagle has spotted a fuzzy, little bunny. moves in for the kill, walking past a crowd of kids at th magazine rack, past the Hostess aisle, past the dairy coo and into the darkened corner. He stands behind the little kid, relishing this moment. T kid is actually pretty good. We also see now the little k has his face painted like Ace Frehley.
72) 1) dialog: Hey, little kid.
72) 4) text: Trip clamps a hand over the little kid's mouth.
72) 5) dialog: Okay, booger, your KISS ticket or  your life.
72) 6) text: The little kid says something but Trip's hand muffles his words.
72) 7) dialog: Hunh?
72) 8) text: The kid says what he said before, but it is utterly  incomprehensible, once again thanks to Trip's hand.
72) 9) dialog: (looking at his hand) Oh. Okay... But scream and you'll  never live to see puberty. I'll pop  your fuckin' face in.
72) 10) text: Trip pulls his hand away.
72) 12) dialog: A likely story. Hand it over, kid.
72) 14) text: The kid turns and yells into the store before Trip can st him.
72) 17) dialog: (getting scared) Hey, kid, that's okay. I don't wanna  see KISS that ba...
72) 19) dialog: What do you want?
72) 21) dialog: Look, you can have my wallet...
72) 25) text: Chongo arrives eyeing Trip with distaste. Trip goes white
72) 28) dialog: Me? Mug? That's nuts. I said, do you  know where I can take a piss.
72) 29) text: Chongo and his two buds laugh. Then, without a second of  warning, Chongo belts Trip in the gut. Trip doubles over falls breathlessly to his knees.
72) 31) text: Trip catches his breath.
72) 32) dialog: Please, sir, don't kick my ass! I'll  do anything to get out of a beating!
72) 37) text: The little kid taps his finger on his chin and the theme  from "JEOPARDY" begins. While the kid thinks, Trip looks  nervously up at Chongo and his buds. Chongo reaches into denim vest pocket and we hear a CRINKLING NOISE. He comes back up with two walnuts, putting them between his bicep forearm. Trip watches in horror as Chongo makes a muscle and the  walnuts are shelled between two walls of iron-hard flesh. CREEEAAAACK! Chongo eats the walnuts, shells and all.
78) 0) text: Trip looks at the little kid, Chongo, and the two buds in fear.
78) 1) dialog: Two hundred bucks?
78) 3) dialog: Look, I want to live, but I don't  know where the fuck I'm gonna find  two hundred bucks.
78) 7) dialog: Hold on! I know how I can get the  money! I just figured it out! Only  you might wanna wait outside.
78) 11) text: They look back at Trip.
78) 13) text: Trip nods sullenly as the kid, Chongo, and the two buds e Then he checks to make sure Stretch Armstrong is still wi him.
85) 0) text: A really buff STRIPPER dressed as a construction worker i on stage with about ten others who stand in the backgroun The emcee's hand hovers above the stripper's head.
85) 6) text: The women cheer and a DISCO SONG starts as Troy does a re of his act. Hawk walks away from the stage with the rest the rejected strippers, looking the way he feels: pretty  damn stupid. He puts on his pants, trying to walk at the  same time and falls to his knees. A helpful hand grabs him under the arm and helps him up. It's Amanda looking lustier than ever.
87) 0) text: Trip leafs through a KISS comic, not really paying attent to it. Directly behind him is the register and the CASHIE He starts hearing voices in his head. We see SUPERS of hi friends' faces hovering around him.
87) 3) text: Trip sends brief, agitated glances around the store meeti the cashier's eyes again. She smiles at him coyly as she  plays with her mood ring. He gives her the eye, then retu to his comic.
87) 5) dialog: (to the other voices) Alright, everybody, SHUT UP!
87) 6) text: Trip snaps out of it. All the shoppers and cashier are  starring at him. He COUGHS loudly, clearing his throat to cover his outburst. The shoppers go back to shopping. A MAN WITH A LONG COAT enters the store, looks around, th takes a spot alongside Trip and opens a Mad Magazine.
87) 7) dialog: (whispering to himself) Okay, bro. You gonna have to do this  sometime. Might as well be now.
87) 8) text: Trip puts a hand in his pocket and takes one last look at Stretch Armstrong before stuffing the action figure back so it looks like he's got a gun. He takes three deep brea and discreetly pulls his knit cap down over his eyes,  revealing it actually as a semi-ski mask that covers the half of his face. Just then, the man with the coat puts the magazine back a pulls something over his own head. Trip whirls around pointing Stretch-in-his-pocket at the  cashier... Just as the man in the coat, now masked with a stocking,  pulls the biggest shotgun ever made from under his coat,  pointing it at the cashier as well. The cashier shrieks. does Trip.
87) 10) text: His thunder now stolen, Trip drops to the floor along wit everyone else. The air is very tense. The cashier starts  SOBBING, keeping her hands in the air.
87) 15) text: The man with the coat's laughter ECHOES in Trip's head ti he just can't take it anymore.
87) 17) dialog: Alright, drop it or I'll kick your  ass!
87) 18) text: Astounded by Trip's audacity, the man with the coat turns his shotgun point-blank at Trip.
87) 20) dialog: (gulps) The KISS Army!
95) 0) text: It's a stand-off. Prone customers look up at Trip and the man with the long coat circling each other like sharks. T helpless cashier lets out fearful sobs.
95) 2) dialog: No, you gimme your gun, boy!
95) 4) dialog: Not if I shoot first!
95) 6) dialog: Neither do I!
95) 7) text: The man with the coat puts his shotgun against Trip's hea
95) 9) text: Trip GULPS. The jig's up. He slowly pulls out Stretch  Armstrong, and the man with the coat glances down and sta to laugh very loud. So loud, he throws his head back. When he recovers, Trip's got Stretch aimed at his head an pulled back to maximum tension.
95) 10) dialog: Smile, you sonofa...
95) 11) text: Trip lets go. WZZMACK! The man gets it right in the face falls backward onto the Hostess display, toppling a whole bunch of Ho-Ho's, Ding-Dong's, Twinkies, and Suzy-O's to ground. Trip runs up and grabs the shotgun away as the man with t coat lifts his head briefly, then passes out. Trip turns around and the cashier SLAMS into him, nearly  knocking him over. She throws her arms around him letting out relieved SOBS. Behind her all the customers rise from the floor CLAPPING. Trip did it. He saved the fucking sto The cashier looks into Trip's masked eyes.
95) 13) dialog: (with confidence) Call me... Dr. Love!
95) 14) text: She plants a thousand mega-watt kiss on his lips and we Z IN on her mood ring changing color from gray to fire engi red. Trip's eyes widen just before... KABOOM... The shotgun he holding goes off, blowing a hole in the ceiling. The recoil from the blast jolts Trip and the cashier apar We now see Trip's face is smeared with bright, red lipsti A huge chunk of ceiling falls onto his head but he doesn' move. The kiss hit him harder. I'M HERE FOR THE GIRL AND THE CAR
100) 0) text: We find Trip counting his money out to the little kid, Ch and their two buds.
100) 1) dialog: ...hundred forty, hundred fifty.   That's all I got.
100) 5) dialog: Oh, no... Please, look.  I...
100) 6) text: THWAM! Right in Trip's face. Trip flies off his feet into the Smiley Mart brick wall with a THUD. A bag of weed dro from his jacket, then some uppers, a few sheets of acid, finally a can of beer rolls out.
100) 9) text: Chongo laughs like an ejaculating gorilla as he and his t buds scoop it all up. The little kid, Chongo, and the bud leave Trip lying in a puddle of his own nose blood. He pulls out Stretch Armstrong and looks at him fondly.
100) 10) dialog: (misty eyed) At least I still got you, Stretch.
100) 11) text: Trip looks up. The six year olds who he stole it from sta close by having watched the whole humiliating exchange.  Licked, Trip tosses the doll to them. They both dash away with it, giggling.
103) 4) text: He sees someone out of the corner of his eye across the  street. It's Jam. Lex approaches the other corner. Trip c up to the forth corner. They all stop when they see each  other. Each standing on his own corner. They're all pisse They meet in the middle of the street as last minute CONC GOERS hurry by.
103) 6) dialog: Plenty, but it was all bad.
103) 15) text: Jam, Hawk, Lex, and Trip turn and look at the crumpled wa at their feet. It's an envelope. An ANGELIC SPOTLIGHT FRO ABOVE highlights it.
103) 25) dialog: Hey, wait a minute! This ain't school  property! He's not the boss of us  here!
104) 4) text: Trip points into the crowd of fans inside the auditorium  foyer.
104) 5) dialog: It was those assholes! They even  stole my wallet!
104) 6) text: The ticket takers turn to see the little kid, Chongo, and their two buds just going in. The ticket takers signal tw security guards who proceed to stop the four stunned kids and confiscate their tickets. They find all the stolen do and Trip's wallet.
104) 7) dialog: Inside that you'll find my KISS Army  picture I.D. and a hundred fifty  bucks cash.
104) 9) dialog: (to little kid) Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. I was really hoping  things would work out for you, my  weasly, midget friend. You got spunk.
105) 0) text: The lights are out. The lighters have been lit. The CROWD ROAR is deafening. Jam, Hawk, Trip, and Lex plow their way through the thron and head straight for the front row just as Simple Simon  takes the stage.