62) 24) dialog: ... My wife lives on airplanes.                    * She goes back and forth to Italy                   * like a Ping-Pong ball. She took a                  * house on Lake Como. She's crazy                    * now all of a sudden for anything Italian.
81) 0) text: points Fallow toward Arthur Ruskin's table.
81) 6) dialog: Peter Fallow?
81) 8) dialog: (a lament) My wife! My wife! I'm glad she's not here. Otherwise I couldn't have a drink. (to waiter) Give me a Couvoisier V.S.O.P. No. Put it in a sidecar.
81) 10) dialog: Italy. Every time I turn around, she's in Italy. I'm not supposed to drink. But I love a sidecar. It was Willi Nordhoff introduced me to them. So. You're on the City Light?
81) 12) dialog: Good. Good. I like that. New tycoons. So what do you want to know?
81) 14) dialog: She's in Lake Como someplace.
81) 18) dialog: What do I know? I just pay the                       * bills. Well, she's young. She needs young people. I'm not stupid. I know what goes on. We should order. I don't have too much time.
81) 23) dialog: Call the office. I'll give you her number. She's something. I always said it as a compliment, but she's a lot of pussy to handle. Excuse my language. What do you want to eat?
81) 25) dialog: ... But the best is just a few weeks ago, one of these jackass pilots, he lands long and the plane goes off the runway. I was there. I was on the plane. We're going into Mecca, see. And the plane is full of Arabs and all these animals -- sheep, goats, chickens. They won't travel without their animals. We had to put plastic in the cabins. You know, they urinate, they defecate...
81) 27) dialog: Anyway, the plane goes off the runway and we hit the sand with a hell of a jolt and the right wing tip digs into the sand and the plane skids around in a circle! 360 degrees before we stop! We're scared shitless. Panic. And we look into the cabin and there's everybody calm, quiet, they're picking up their luggage and their animals and they're looking out the window at the little fire that started on the wing and they're waiting for the doors to open like nothing happened. And then it dawns on me. They think this is normal!
81) 29) dialog: They think this is the way you stop an airplane.
81) 34) dialog: You stick one wing in the sand and you spin around until you stop. (coughing as he laughs harder and harder) What do they know? They never rode in an airplane. They think this is how you do it!
81) 35) text: Peter tries to laugh with Arthur. But Arthur's coughing turns into a spasm. He pushes his head back against the banquette. He seems to be humming. And then his head drops forward and he slumps against Peter.
81) 43) text: Arthur drops forward suddenly, his face hitting his plate. A woman at the next table squeals.
81) 45) text: Two waiters   help the Maitre d' pull the table out. Arthur slips   off his plate and falls onto the floor. Some people   notice. But, in general, the activity in the room   continues. The Maitre d' gives orders to the waiters. A MAN approaches Peter.
83) 6) text: How very kind. Did you know Arthur?