23) 0) text: PANNING SHOT -- SHOOTING FROM BEHIND the bar toward the s doors as Dave and Rocklin enter. The bartender (Cap), a l tallish man of about 50, studies them as they enter, then turns and calls across the room.
23) 1) dialog: Hey Doc!
23) 2) text: CAMERA PANS to show a group of poker players seated aroun table. This consists of a well-dressed, powerful-looking of about 45 (Judge Garvey), with a smooth face and an  impressive manner; a flashily-dressed young man with a we face (Clint Harolday); a tough-looking cowboy of about 35 (Ab Jenkins); a pleasant-faced storekeeper of about 50 (P Fossler); and a little man with a weather-beaten face and intensely blue eyes (Doc Riding). Watching the game are S Haynes and Shorty Davis, the former a townsman and the la a cowboy. As they all look toward the door, Cap's voice  continues.
26) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- at bar, with Cap Setting up glasses fo Doc Riding and Rocklin. He nods to indicate the bedroom  upstairs.
26) 1) dialog: (with a grin) Will he make it?
26) 3) dialog: You're right. Reckon Saint Peter  must be gitten' mighty tired of  dustin' off that doormat for him. (to Rocklin) By the way, how did you say it  happened?
26) 5) dialog: (with a slight nod of  approval) That's right; you didn't. (casually) Reason I ask is, a couple fellers  was in saying how Dave was kickin'  up a ruckus up at Stan's place. (to Doc Riding) Sheriff Jackson it was and one of  the Clewses.
26) 7) text: Cap reverts to Rocklin, still casually, but with an under of friendly warning.
26) 8) dialog: Tough customers, the Clewses.
26) 10) dialog: (to Doc Riding before  Rocklin can answer) By the way, Doc, they tell me  George'll be out again. (to Rocklin, with the  same casual air) That's Bob Clews' brother. Jest done  a stretch in pen 'tentiary for horse  stealin'.
26) 13) dialog: That's what Arly Harolday was sayin'  only this mornin'. (to Rocklin) You ain't met our Arly yet, I reckon?
26) 15) dialog: Hell-fire in skirts.
26) 21) dialog: Clint Harolday's in luck tonight.
27) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- poker table, including Cap, who is watching. Pap Fossler is dealing. There is an atmosphere of tension around the table, and it is obvious that Clint has been  losing. As he picks up his cards, he is unable to restrai smile of triumph. Rocklin makes a bet. Pap Fossler and th man next to him fold immediately.
27) 15) text: Rocklin glances inquiringly at the other players. All are dead-panned, unwilling to interfere. Rocklin looks toward Cap, who stands near him.
27) 16) dialog: (shaking his head) I'm not settin' in.
27) 38) dialog: I don't like to tell men how to play  cards unless I'm settin' in -- but I  mebbe ought to have spoken up. (directly to Clint) That Queen was dead, Clint -- and  you know it.
27) 40) dialog: You can't just go makin' your own  rules, Clint -- (starts for the bar --  stops and turns) -- an' if I was you I'd hightail  outa here before he comes back.
27) 42) dialog: (wearily) He's the kind.
27) 43) text: Cap turns and resumes his trek to the bar. Suddenly he st before reaching it and is looking up, o.s.
33) 0) text: ON the window. The men inside, including Dave and Cap, ar pressed against the glass. CAMERA MOVES BACK and PANS TO the alleyway at the side of the saloon. Rocklin is coming toward the street.
34) 0) text: TRUCKING SHOT -- Rocklin, as he continues his forward mov through the swing-doors. CAMERA PULLS BACK in front of hi into the saloon until it reaches the bar. Cap moves from  window with crowd and goes behind bar.
36) 11) text: at bar, Dave has taken the bottle from Cap and is refilli Rocklin's and his own glass ecstatically.
36) 13) text: He sinks both drinks quickly and is about to refill them  when Cap takes the bottle from him.
36) 15) dialog: He rooms behind his office down the  street. Don't usually pull up the  blinds till around noon, though.
47) 6) text: George Clews frowns. His eye catches sight of a king-size glass of beer being slid across the bar to Shorty Davis,  standing alongside him. That quick, Clews beats Shorty to the glass and hurls it at Dave, who ducks out. Cap,  anticipating trouble, brings a sawed-off shotgun up from  under the bar and now watches Clews and Shorty.
47) 9) text: Before Shorty can reply, Clews yanks his hat down over th little fellow's eyes, and gives him a backward shove that sends him sprawling into a corner where we leave him  struggling to get his hat off. The crowd resents this, bu doesn't dare do anything, except Cap, who holds his shotg in sight.
47) 10) dialog: (to the Clews) That does it, boys -- you know where  the door is.
47) 12) dialog: Not until I get my money --
47) 13) text: George and Bob Clews are now a few steps from the bar. Th have turned as Cap spoke and are looking at the shotgun.
47) 14) dialog: There's three drinks and a broken  beer glass.
108) 0) text: Lined up at the bar are Dave, Pap Fossler, Shorty Davis a a few others. Cap is in his usual place. At the poker tab are Doc Riding, Sam Haynes, Ab Jenkins and one or two oth The shot has evidently been heard, for everything seems t have stopped, and Dave and Pap Fussier are looking up tow the ceiling, as are others. Now Dave snaps back to life - gulps down his drink, and hurries toward the stairs. As h starts up, the others move slowly in the same direction.
109) 9) dialog: Shorty's already gone for him.
118) 0) text: Sammy, the China-boy, is nervously knocking on Miss Marti door. It opens and Miss Martin is seen slipping a robe ov her long Mother Hubbard nightgown, with cap to match.