5) 16) text: on Clara. She is looking rather timidly up at Rocklin.
5) 17) text: on Rocklin. He is grinning appreciatively at old Dave. No he notices Clara and regards her soberly a moment.
5) 18) text: Dave has heaved the trunk in place and is securing it. Miss Martin, about to enter the coach, notices Clara star up at Rocklin.
5) 20) text: Clara snaps her attention from Rocklin to her aunt. The C steps to the side of the coach and opens the door. He ass Clara inside -- and now Miss Martin.
6) 0) text: Miss Martin and Clara. Miss Martin is just sitting. She l coldly at Clara.
8) 0) text: THROUGH window of door -- Miss Martin and Clara. The wome have obviously overheard Rocklin's remark. Miss Martin sm vindictively at Clara, who flushes. CAMERA PULLS BACK to include the Clerk, who moves to the  coach door.
12) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Clara and Miss Martin. The former is  showing the effects of the rough ride, but the old lady i hanging on grimly.
16) 31) text: Rocklin has entered and moved to the fire. Miss Martin an Clara enter and stand in the doorway watching the scene a the bar. A pale-faced, dyspeptic-looking man of about 45  (Stan) comes from the kitchen and approaches them  ingratiatingly.
16) 42) text: from fireplace. Rocklin is standing in f.g. looking down the fire and making the inevitable cigarette from his poc dip. Seated at the table are Clara and Miss Martin. From  o.s. comes the sound of Zeke and Dave singing to the  phonograph record. Miss Martin glares indignantly in the  direction of the bar, obviously about to make a protest. this moment Stan comes from the kitchen with a large dish his hand which he dumps on the table.
16) 50) text: table. Clara has filled a plate with food, which she offe to her aunt.
16) 51) dialog: Auntie --
16) 53) text: Clara hesitates for a second, then looks across to Rockli
16) 54) dialog: Aren't you going to have any supper?
16) 62) text: Clara looks apologetically at Rocklin, then away again  nervously. Suddenly, she sees something o.s. and drops he knife and fork with a little start.
16) 114) text: Jackson follows Stan into the kitchen. Clews moves to the fire and lunges there picking his teeth and eyeing Clara, who stirs uneasily under the man's gaze.
16) 115) text: as Rocklin comes out of the thoughtful mood in which he h been plunged by the information about Red Caldwell and no the by-play between Clews and Clara. He frowns and makes movement as if about to rise. At the same time, Dave and  Zeke, whose voices have been heard throughout In the b.g. stagger into the shot.
20) 0) text: PANNING SHOT -- with Miss Martin and Clara now seated nex to one another. Clara is half asleep with her head agains the side of the coach. Miss Martin is sitting bolt uprigh but her eyes are closed and her head nods. CAMERA PANS to include the other side of the coach where Dave is sprawle in the seat, his head on a cushion, his mouth open, sound asleep. Suddenly he snores violently, and Miss Martin wak with a start and glares at him angrily.
41) 37) dialog: Oh, no
41) 41) dialog: (summoning up her  courage) But, Mr. -- er -- I don't know your  name...
41) 43) dialog: Mr. Rocklin, it isn't fair for you  to pay anything back.
41) 45) dialog: (as if she had been  struck) Oh!
41) 57) dialog: (with ingenuous  enthusiasm) I know. I saw you ride into town  this morning. You looked lovely.  Just what I'd like to be.
41) 60) text: She looks slowly from Clara to Rocklin, as if suspecting  collusion.
41) 61) dialog: (completely innocent) Oh, this is Mr. Rocklin. He drove us  in from Garden City last night. He...
41) 63) dialog: Oh.
41) 72) dialog: Auntie!
41) 77) dialog: (after they have gone) Auntie, why did you have to say that?  I simply don't understand you...
41) 79) dialog: I... I... (suddenly bursting  into tears) Oh, you're horrid -- horrid. I wish  I'd never come.
50) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- as Garvey, Miss Martin and Clara watch the scene below -- Garvey and Miss Martin excitedly and C in great distress.
53) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- group at window, with Garvey obviously disapponted, Miss Martin bridling and Clara showing obvio relief.
54) 11) text: as Miss Martin comes along the street, determinedly, foll by Clara, until she is face to face with Rocklin outside stage office where Arly and Juan are mounted ready to mov off.
54) 15) text: Clara pulls her sleeve imploringly.
54) 17) text: She takes Clara by the arm and sweeps past them towards t hotel. Rocklin looks after them with a grim expression an then up at Arly, who has been listening intently. She ret his look steadily for a second. Then, with a mocking smil she wheels the mare and canters out of shot, followed by  Juan. He looks after her for a second; then with the same grim look, enters Harolday's office.
58) 1) text: of the buggy, showing Miss Martin riding in front, beside Shorty Davis, who is driving, and Clara with her back to driver, facing the oncoming trio. Miss Martin hears the s of the approaching horses, and looks over her shoulder.
58) 2) text: Arly, Juan and Rocklin, with Miss Martin in F.g. The latt scowls and looks quickly to her front as the riders draw  level with the buggy, Rocklin coining to the right, along Clara.
58) 3) dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Rocklin. (looking at the sky) Lovely day, isn't it?
58) 5) dialog: (hesitating and  throwing a look toward  Miss Martin) We-el, not exactly moving in. You  see...
58) 6) text: with Miss Martin in f.g. and SHOOTING OVER her shoulder t include Clara and Rocklin.
58) 8) dialog: (in a low voice) Auntie!
72) 0) text: Rocklin has reached the entrance unheard, and silently wa the strange figure, its back to him, now headed for the  fireplace with his saddlebag, taken from the bunk. He see the intruder start emptying his saddlebag on the bench in the light of the fire. He sees him suddenly stop and pick something hidden from his view. At that instant, Rocklin slams the door shut. The intruder whirls around. It is Arly -- tense -- and now defiant. The two regard each other like vicious animals in the sam cage. Arly's heart is pounding, but you would never know And now Rocklin, his gun away, starts closing in, slowly but Arly holds her ground -- her eyes never leaving his. When Rocklin reaches Arly, he takes her one hand from beh her back, and slowly forcing it up sees what is obviously Clara's letter in her tightly clenched fist. He tries to  open her hand, and Arly, knowing she lacks the strength t prevent it, suddenly whips out a knife with her free hand But that quick, Rocklin grabs the knife hand, and without any apparent effort, wrenches it free of her grasp and to it across the room, where it lands on the bunk. Arly rela her grip on the letter meanwhile, and Rocklin gets it, an tears it very deliberately, letting the pieces fall at he feet. He turns his back on her now, going over to his hat on th floor. Arly is furious in her helplessness and humiliation. And  Rocklin's smug manner isn't helping any. He picks up his and, glancing at Arly, puts his finger once more through bullet holes.
80) 0) text: Rocklin comes down the hall carrying his saddle and looki at the room numbers. As he nears the f.g. he locates the  room he is looking for (it is a room facing toward the re of the Sun-Up). He knocks. Almost immediately the door op and Clara stands there -- flushed and embarrassed.
80) 1) dialog: Oh, Mr. Rocklin --
81) 0) text: This is the room in which Clara has arranged to meet Rock who later takes it as his own. SHOT at door as Rocklin steps into the room.
81) 1) dialog: I'm so glad I've found you -- I was  on my way to the Santee and learned  you were in town.
81) 3) dialog: I feel perfectly awful, running after  you like this, but --
81) 5) dialog: My aunt found out I wrote you and  made a terrible scene --
81) 7) dialog: No -- and because I refused, Auntie  said she would sign an affidavit  that I'm still underage, and then,  as my guardian she can do what she  likes.
81) 9) dialog: (after a slight pause) No -- but Mr. Garvey has a letter  that would prove it. My aunt wrote  it before we came out here.
81) 11) dialog: He'd never give it to me.
81) 13) dialog: (with a slight start  toward Rocklin) Oh, please -- you -- (she hesitates, not  quite sure what to  say) You won't go getting yourself in  trouble -- I -- I'd rather give up  everything -- I mean --
94) 0) text: Rocklin steps into the room, holding the door partly open he focuses his attention on Arly. Clara, who has been sit in the rocker near the window, gets up and is the first t speak.
94) 1) dialog: (anxiously) Did you get it?
94) 4) dialog: But I hate putting you to that  trouble.
94) 10) dialog: (sensing the static  in the atmosphere) I think I'd better be going...
94) 12) dialog: (embarrassed) Oh -- oh, really I'd rather not --
94) 15) dialog: That she was with you last night at  the cabin in the mountains.
94) 23) text: Clara is terribly hurt, but struggles to be grown-up abou it.
94) 24) dialog: Please -- you needn't explain. After  all, it really isn't any of my  business, is it?
94) 28) dialog: I don't know how I can ever thank  you for trying to help me. I do  appreciate it ever so much -- (to Arly) Don't think too harshly of me, will  you -- I --
94) 29) text: Clara can say no more without breaking. So she turns away quickly and hurries out the door. Rocklin does a slow bur as he glares at Arly.
94) 42) text: The door closes. Rocklin stands a moment. Now curiosity b him to the dresser where he takes up the paper and unfold it. CLARA'S LETTER. The torn pieces have all been sorted and  pasted together on a sheet of paper BACK TO SCENE. Rocklin holds the letter. He is mad. He sh his head -- What a gal --- Now he is almost smiling -- al He folds the letter -- puts it in his pocket. Takes off h gun-belt and hangs it over the rocker near the window, an stretches out on the bed, as we
95) 0) text: ON Clara hurrying toward the front door in a suppressed s of excitement. She has presumably just arrived at the ran in advance of Miss Martin. She enters the house after a g toward the gate.
96) 0) text: Clara enters hastily and beats a path to the door of her  room.
97) 0) text: The door flies open. Clara bursts in, closing the door in the same movement. Her eyes swing to someone o.s. and she freezes to the spot.
97) 3) text: Clara can only stare as one under an hypnotic spell.
97) 5) text: Clara hasn't moved.
97) 7) text: Clara merely gasps for a breath of air, but Miss Martin,  thinking her about to speak, goes on, more forcefully now
97) 9) text: Clara remains silent.
97) 11) text: Clara, now utterly broken, moves away. Miss Martin, her e still rivited on the girl, follows.
98) 0) text: The office has been more or less cleaned up since the fig Garvey is discovered near the window. He has cleaned hims up but bears some evidence of the fight. He is reading a  letter as Sammy, the K.C. China-boy, stands waiting near door. LETTER. The message is written in the same bold hand of M Martin already seen in the previous letter: Mr. Garvey, I have just learned that despicable Rocklin person intend to take Clara to Garden City in the morning -- evidently have you investigated. I thought you had better know abou it. E.M. BACK TO SCENE. Garvey puts the message in his pocket as h addresses Sammy.
119) 0) text: Clara is seen in her nightgown, listening at the door to room. The sound of the outer door closing comes over the  scene and she hurries to her bed and feigns sleep, and ju in time, for the door opens and Miss Martin sticks her he in, and satisfied that Clara is sleeping, exits.
121) 0) text: On Clara, tossing fitfully in her bed. Suddenly she sits as an idea begins to take form in her mind. Now she hurri out of bed, moves stealthily to the door and goes out, le her door open.
122) 0) text: ON door to Miss Martin's room. Clara comes down the hall the door. She puts her ear close and listens. Now she ope it cautiously and peers inside. The door to her room is  slammed o.s. by a sporadic draft. It startles the girl an she quickly closes Miss Martin's door and hurries away.
129) 0) text: We pick up Clara in the act of nervously pinning on her h in the dim light of a small lamp. She is fully dressed, a once the hat is on, she looks around anxiously for her to coat which she finds in the closet. She takes the coat an starts hurriedly toward the lamp, sitting on a small tabo near the door. As she bends over to blow it out, her eyes raise and she freezes.
129) 4) dialog: (unrestrained) Yes -- I'm running away -- and it's  all your fault -- you're the one  who's been deceitful and sneaking --  and don't think I don't know what  you intend doing.
129) 6) dialog: (crying, as she moves  away) I don't care -- I'm not ashamed of  it -- and nothing you can say or do  is going to stop me.
129) 8) dialog: (stops pacing) But why? -- Why are you being so  secretive? -- If you know something,  why don't you tell me?
129) 25) text: Dave scrambles through the window and hurries in pursuit Miss Martin. Rocklin is at Clara's side.
133) 0) text: Clara is talking feverishly to Rocklin.
133) 1) dialog: -- And I heard one of them tell my  aunt not to worry, that he was just  as anxious as she was to get even  with you.
136) 6) text: as Miss Martin comes to Clara and kneels beside her.
136) 8) text: of the room. Bob Clews has Dave securely tied, and now as Miss Martin in getting Clara to the bed.
154) 0) text: Miss Martin is coming into the room with a glass and a pi for Clara, who is still stretched on the bed.
157) 0) text: Rocklin has his ear glued to the door. He can't help but  smile at Miss Martin's reference to him. Dave is behind t curtain at the window, watching the outside. Clara is clo to Rocklin.
157) 2) text: Clara tiptoes away.
159) 14) text: Rocklin steps away from the door, where Dave and Clara no stand. He has Garvey covered. Dave is pointing his gun, a grimacing at Miss Martin.
165) 0) text: In the hall are Clara and Miss Martin, Rocklin, Arly and  Julio, Dave and Garvey. Garvey is seated and has evidentl been talking in the way of confession.
165) 5) text: She is beside herself in her anger -- and taking up a lar vase sitting nearby, she smashes it to pieces over Garvey head. Garvey goes down unconscious. Miss Martin rushes to her room screaming. Clara follows her.
165) 10) dialog: (genuinely concerned) Oh, Mr. Rocklin -- please -- I think  Auntie is out of her mind -- she's  in her room -- laughing.
165) 14) text: He starts away down the hall, rolling up his sleeves.  Rocklin's eyes wander to Clara, who seems quite at a loss Now he moves slowly toward her. In the b.g. Arly watches  Rocklin's every move.
165) 16) text: After a slight pause in which she becomes conscious of Ar Clara speaks.
165) 17) dialog: No -- I don't suppose there's any --  rush --
165) 19) dialog: (after Arly goes) If I was like her, I'd stay in the  West.
165) 21) dialog: (smiles, nods) It's where I belong -- I know that  now --
165) 23) dialog: (wistfully) I can tell you -- you belong with  her --