23) 2) text: CAMERA PANS to show a group of poker players seated aroun table. This consists of a well-dressed, powerful-looking of about 45 (Judge Garvey), with a smooth face and an  impressive manner; a flashily-dressed young man with a we face (Clint Harolday); a tough-looking cowboy of about 35 (Ab Jenkins); a pleasant-faced storekeeper of about 50 (P Fossler); and a little man with a weather-beaten face and intensely blue eyes (Doc Riding). Watching the game are S Haynes and Shorty Davis, the former a townsman and the la a cowboy. As they all look toward the door, Cap's voice  continues.
26) 19) dialog: What did I tell you? They gotta be  big to beat me!
26) 25) dialog: Aw -- come on. Can't you take it?
26) 27) dialog: (turning to bar and  shouting) Come on, Doc. I still got to take  something from you.
26) 32) dialog: (with a cocky grin) Have a heart, Judge. This ain't no  two-bit saddle-tramp's game. This is  for real money.
26) 33) text: Rocklin turns very slowly and stares at Clint. The others watch curiously. Without taking his eyes off Clint, he co forward slowly and stands looking down at him. Then,  unbuttoning the flap of his pocket, he takes out the wad bills and drops it on the table, at the same time sinking into the chair vacated by Sammy. The tension amongst the  onlookers relaxes and Clint grins at Garvey and winks  significantly.
27) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- poker table, including Cap, who is watching. Pap Fossler is dealing. There is an atmosphere of tension around the table, and it is obvious that Clint has been  losing. As he picks up his cards, he is unable to restrai smile of triumph. Rocklin makes a bet. Pap Fossler and th man next to him fold immediately.
27) 1) dialog: Raise you twenty.
27) 4) dialog: Not if he wants to dig.
27) 9) dialog: (eagerly) One for me.
27) 10) text: He reaches for it almost before it is dealt and as a resu the card, a Queen, falls face up. Clint looks at it gleef snatches it up and puts it in his hand. Rocklin watches h impassively.
27) 12) dialog: I can take it if I want it.
27) 14) dialog: (hotly) I'm playing these, mister!
27) 18) dialog: I'm not splitting -- I'm betting!
27) 20) dialog: Are you calling?
27) 22) text: Clint excitedly starts to rake in the pot.
27) 24) text: He shoves in the money in front of him, which is more tha Clint's and in addition takes from his wallet more bills.
27) 26) text: Clint, very excited, empties his pockets, which is not en
27) 27) dialog: (to other players) Let me have some money
27) 29) dialog: (disgusted, to Rocklin) I've called for all I've got. (spreads out his cards) Full house.
27) 31) text: Rocklin starts raking in the pot. Clint, almost hysterica jumps up, draws his gun and thrusts it almost into Rockli face. The other players roll away from the line of fire.
27) 32) dialog: (screaming) You -- mister -- get away from that  table. And get out of here. Maybe  from now on you'll know a full house  beats two pairs -- four-flusher!
27) 34) dialog: Clint breaks the tension, looking from one to the other.
27) 35) dialog: No man can run a bluff on me.
27) 39) dialog: (arrogantly) When anybody plays poker with me,  they play my game or not at all.
27) 41) dialog: (jolted) Comes back?
27) 47) dialog: (nervously pleasant) It's all yours, mister -- Cap, there --  Cap is an old gambler -- he says you  were right all the time.
27) 48) text: Clint again looks around for approval, but gets no respon Rocklin comes slowly forward, picks up the money from the table and turns back to the stairs. As he reaches the foo of the stairs, he turns and looks straight at Garvey with peculiar expression.
33) 10) text: of group including Bob Clews, as Clint Harolday rides in stares o.s.
35) 1) text: group surrounding Clews and Clint Harolday. The clatter o hoofs is heard and Arly gallops furiously into shot.
35) 2) dialog: What happened?
35) 4) dialog: I...
35) 6) text: Before Clint can reply, she wheels the mare and gallops o of shot.
37) 0) text: Clint Harolday is seen at the window peering furtively to the Sun-Up Saloon. He suddenly notices something o.s. whi prompts him to say something which we of course cannot he Now Garvey appears at the window.
39) 0) text: Garvey and Clint, at the window. From their expressions i is apparent that anxious words are passing between them, now Clint suddenly drops from sight.
65) 0) text: Shelley, a Negro servant of the Harolday household, is  discovered sweeping the front porch. Behind him we see Cl open the door -- peer furtively out -- then cross the por to its edge when he looks o.s. as though searching for  someone. Shelley, meantime, has noticed Clint, but goes right on w his sweeping. His only reaction is a disparaging glance o his shoulder.
65) 1) dialog: (turning to Shelley) Have you seen Arly?
65) 5) text: Clint's face tightens as he anticipates what is in store him. Over the scene comes the gradually increasing sound a feminine voice, gayly humming the notes of a popular tu of the period. Clint's strained features relax in a can-t be-Arly expression, while Shelley stops dead in the middl of a sweep, and now both stare incredulously, o.s.
65) 6) text: From their ANGLE we first see only the corner of the hous while the owner of the voice approaches from the other si Now Arly comes into view, entirely oblivious of Clint and Shelley watching her. She seems more attractive, in a fem way, this morning. It may be the skirt and blouse she is  wearing. Then again it may be the flower she is, even now adjusting in her hair. The presence of the two men sudden startles her. The song ends abruptly, while her hands fal quickly away from the flower.
65) 8) dialog: (not too definitely) 'Mornin', Arly --
65) 9) text: Arly is coming toward Clint.
65) 11) text: She steps close to Clint, and he slowly backs up a step, he does not know she came up to him merely to pick up her jacket lying on the ground near the step.
65) 12) dialog: (as Arly leans down  to pick up the jacket) You must be feeling pretty good.
65) 13) text: Arly straightens up with the jacket in her hand, and the  corner of her mouth curls in a faint smile. She turns now and starts along the walk, and takes only a few steps whe Clint comes to her side.
65) 15) dialog: (as he joins Arly) Say, Arly -- about that poker game,  night before last, I ---
65) 17) dialog: (did he hear correctly) Forget it?
65) 18) text: Arly pays no attention to Clint. She is looking o.s. and  stops walking.
66) 5) dialog: (with a perplexed  smile) What is this? --
66) 8) dialog: What do I mean? --
66) 14) text: Arly is jolted by Tala's innocent remark, and she can't h giving Clint a little side glance in the way of reaction. Clint has not missed Tala's crack nor Arly's glance, and  when she gives it to him he says:
66) 15) dialog: (pleasantly) See what I mean?
66) 18) text: She glances over her shoulder toward Clint going up the w And then, looking back to Tala, finds he hasn't moved, bu remains smiling down at her.
77) 0) text: MED. SHOT from office window. Clint is hurrying across fr the direction of the Sun-Up Saloon toward the office.
78) 0) text: PANNING SHOT on Clint as he enters from street and crosse to the door of Harolday's office.
79) 0) text: MED. SHOT on door of inner office with Harolday at desk i f.g. As the door opens it conceals Rocklin from Clint.
79) 1) dialog: (excitedly) I just heard that -- that Rocklin  was -- (sees Rocklin)
79) 3) dialog: (subdued) Was shot at last night.
79) 5) text: Clint looks quickly at Harolday and back at Rocklin with  frightened eyes.
79) 6) dialog: Not me.
79) 8) dialog: You ain't trying to pin it on me? (his courage returning) 'Cause if you are, you're in for a  big disappointment. I was over at  the Sun-Up playing poker with the  Judge and the rest of the boys till  early morning. If you don't believe  me, ask for yourself.
79) 10) dialog: (very nervous again) What d'you mean?
79) 15) text: Clint as he stares wide-eyed at the pouch.
79) 16) text: group, with Rocklin and Harolday both watching Clint inte
79) 18) dialog: (avoiding Harolday's  eye) No. Course I didn't (suddenly raging at  Rocklin) Quit riding me! I don't know nothin'  about it I tell you. Jest because I  had a run-in with you over a game o'  cards, that don't mean I'd sneak up  on you in the dark and...
79) 19) text: Rocklin's disdainful smile takes the speech out of Clint, who just sort of runs out of words. Rocklin hesitates for second then moves toward the door.
79) 20) text: Harolday and Clint are at window looking past camera towa the street. They see Rocklin carrying his saddle, walking toward the Sun-Up. Shorty Davis hails Rocklin, says somet to him and points to the Sun-Up. Rocklin leaves, walking  faster.
79) 23) dialog: (still at window) Aw, what do I care.
79) 25) dialog: I...
101) 0) text: The area in front of the Sun-Up. Dave's wagon pulls up to the hitching rail in front of the saloon. Clint, stripped his gun, is driving with Dave, alertly watching him. They get down from the wagon and Dave prods Clint toward the c of the building.
103) 2) text: CAMERA PANS TO door as Clint enters reluctantly, followed the triumphant Dave.
103) 8) dialog: (belligerently, as he  stands near the window) What's this all about?
105) 1) dialog: I told you once, I don't know who  owns that pouch-- and I don't know  who shot you.
105) 3) dialog: (harshly) Well, what do you want to talk about?  Come on, get it over with.
107) 0) text: SHOT -- Rocklin and Clint.
107) 2) text: Clint tenses -- stares -- finds breathing difficult.
107) 4) dialog: (shaking) Me? No!
107) 6) dialog: I don't know nothing, I tell you --  I --
107) 7) text: Rocklin slaps Clint's face open-handed, throwing him off  balance, then grabs him by the shirt front.
107) 9) dialog: I tell ya, I...
107) 11) text: Completely terrified, Clint opens his mouth as if about t speak. Suddenly he sees something out of the shot over  Rocklin's shoulder and his expression changes. Rocklin lo quickly in the same direction.
107) 13) text: Clint and Rocklin. The latter is still looking toward the window. With a swift movement Clint picks up the water ju from the washstand and brings it down on Rocklin's head. Rocklin falls out of shot, Clint turns to the window with triumphant smile. Suddenly his expression changes.
107) 14) dialog: (in a hoarse scream) No! No, don't!
107) 15) text: There is a shot from o.s. and Clint's hands go to his sto With a gasp of pain he doubles up and collapses on the fl
109) 0) text: Rocklin is on the floor, groggy. He shakes his head, and his senses return, he picks up the gun and just gets to h feet as Dave rushes in. Dave sees Clint's body on the floor -- notices the gun in Rocklin's hand. He opens his mouth to speak but nothing c out. All he can do is stare and grimace. The sound of hur feet comes from the hall, and presently the mob closes in crowding the room and the hall. Pap Fossler, who has been one of the first to enter, knee over Clint. During this, there are general ad libs from the crowd.
109) 14) text: Rocklin, still holding his gun as he stares down at Clint body o.s. Now he studies the faces of the mob.
109) 19) text: He stops abruptly as he sees Clint's body. Now he levels eyes on Rocklin.
111) 1) text: Harolday, as he sees Clint's body and stops dead in horro He turns to Rocklin.