2) 2) text: Rocklin, making his way along the walk, almost reaches th depot when his attention is arrested by the sight of Dave the stage driver, who has just rounded in front of the le horses. He pauses close to one horse's head. Rocklin sees Dave take a bottle from his person, uncork it as he glanc around, and raise it to drink. The bottle is almost to Da lips when the horse shies, swinging its head. The bottle knocked from the old fellow's hands and smashes on the gr Now Rocklin witnesses a scene of intense fury, which he f amusing despite its seriousness. Old Dave rants and snort beats his thighs, his heads, flings his arms wildly and  exhibits his utter disgust generally.
2) 3) dialog: (to horse) Consarn you, Blossom -- lookit that --  jus' lookit what you done -- (some more pantomime) I'm tellin' you, Blossom that -- (indicating broken  bottle) -- makes you the most aggravatin'  female as ever I had a despise fer --  I've got a good notion to pizen you --  an' what's more --
2) 5) dialog: (to Blossom) Heh-heh -- fooled you, didn't I? -- (chuckles) Fooled myself, too.
4) 0) text: The Stage Agent, carrying a mail sack, and Rocklin come f the stage depot and reach the stage as Dave is in the act climbing up to the driver's seat.
4) 2) text: Dave looks over his shoulder at the Agent and steps to th ground, as Rocklin climbs up to the driver's seat.
4) 4) text: Dave glares at Rocklin climbing up to the seat, and he is about to order him down when Rocklin, now seated, looks d at him and asks rather wistfully --
4) 6) text: Dave does mind, but his better judgment tells him to step carefully in his attitude toward this stranger, who does  things first, then asks permission. His only answer to Ro is a characteristic grimace which is eloquent enough. And now Dave turns on the Agent, who becomes the target of hi pent-up wrath.
4) 7) dialog: Where's them wimmen?
4) 9) dialog: (yanking mail sack  from Agent) Why ain't they here? -- This is the  stage depot, ain't it -- ? (heaves sack into  boot) Ain't it?
4) 11) dialog: On'y up the street -- an' they cain't  walk it -- What's the matter -- don't  Easterners have laigs like other  folks?
4) 12) text: Dave stalks around the rear of the coach. The Agent meant stretches himself up toward Rocklin.
4) 14) text: Dave has climbed to his seat, and now the coach lurches a leaving the Agent shaking his head dubiously.
5) 1) dialog: (to handyman) Whar's them wimmen? -- They waitin'  for you to carry 'em out?
5) 2) text: Before the handyman can answer, Dave's attention is taken someone calling his name from across the street. Meantime an Indian squaw wobbles from the hotel with bow and arrow etc. Rocklin buys bow and arrow.
5) 4) dialog: (getting to the ground) I ain't tellin' that crazy female  nothin' -- Last time I seen her she  threatened to rip the hide off'n me  and bat me dizzy with it.
5) 5) text: Dave goes to the rear of the coach.
5) 13) text: Dave pauses to see who is talking.
5) 15) dialog: (grimaces) Mebbe you're young enough to hoist  her up your own self. (tries to lift trunk  again)
5) 17) text: on Rocklin. He is grinning appreciatively at old Dave. No he notices Clara and regards her soberly a moment.
5) 18) text: Dave has heaved the trunk in place and is securing it. Miss Martin, about to enter the coach, notices Clara star up at Rocklin.
7) 0) text: Dave, Rocklin and Clerk. Dave is at the moment climbing t his seat on the other side of the coach. The Clerk swings the door closed and looks up to Rocklin and speaks more o less confidentially.
9) 0) text: On Dave and Rocklin.
9) 1) dialog: (mutters) Wait till I get you on the road, you  old buzzard, you'll be surprised all  right.
11) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Dave and Rocklin, the latter staring  straight ahead. As they roll with the roll of the coach,  Dave steals a look at his companion.
11) 1) dialog: I wonder why a young feller who don't  have to wants to come into this God  danged country?
11) 2) text: Rocklin ignores Dave's question and continues staring ahe Dave glances down toward the women.
11) 3) dialog: Say -- did you mean what you said  back there about wimmen?
11) 5) dialog: (chuckling) Then you're smarter than most.
11) 7) dialog: (looking at him  admiringly) Shouldn't be surprised. Shouldn't be  a leetle bit surprised. (reflectively) All the same...
11) 10) text: Dave doesn't reply, but lifting the pint of whiskey, jerk out the cork with one movement of his thumbnail.
11) 11) dialog: (offering bottle to  Rocklin) Take a slug.
11) 12) text: Rocklin drinks and gives the bottle back to Dave, who all but empties it in one pull.
11) 13) dialog: (holding up the bottle  and squinting through  it) Whiskey and wimmen -- ever think how  much alike they are? Both fool you,  but you never figger out how to do  without 'em.
11) 14) text: Rocklin makes no reply. Dave offers the bottle again.
11) 15) dialog: Take another.
11) 17) dialog: (unoffended) Well... (putting the bottle  to his lips) Here's to her.
11) 19) dialog: The next one that fools you.
11) 20) text: He empties the bottle and shies it away. At the same time the coach hits a particularly bad patch of road and there muffled exclamation from inside the coach. Dave leans ove and looks down o.s.
13) 0) text: Dave straightens up, grinning.
13) 1) dialog: (with relish) Mighty rough stretch along here.
13) 4) dialog: Nope. I've had a few snorts but that  don't make no difference. Leas'ways,  never has... (after a second's  pause) Don't ever git wore out, and useless,  like me.
13) 6) dialog: Harolday, for one. Oh, I ain't belly- aching. Reckon he's entitled to his  opinion. But him and me never did  see eye to eye.
13) 8) dialog: It's constitootional, I reckon. Like  that step-daughter of his is crazy --  he's too sane. Believes In law and  order.
13) 10) dialog: Depends on who's a-dishin' it out.  Never was good at takin' orders  meself. As for the law -- well, you'll  soon find out what that means 'round  these parts.
13) 11) text: The coach hits a particularly bad bit of road and there i an exclamation from inside. Dave grins and urges the team cheerfully.
14) 0) text: FULL SHOT -- as Dave pulls up the stage at the top of a l downgrade and looks out appreciatively at the view. From  this crest of the rim, a vast expanse of country is visib
14) 3) dialog: Nothin'. Restin' hosses. Git out and  stretch yore laigs if you want.
14) 5) text: Dave brightens visibly at this challenge.
14) 6) dialog: You in such an all-fired hurry, lady?
14) 8) dialog: (beaming) Well -- we'll hurry some.
14) 11) text: Dave and Rocklin on stage as it thunders downhill. Dave i leaning out and listening hopefully for the outcries from within. None come. Rocklin is hanging on with both hands mildly amused.
16) 0) text: CLOSE TWO SHOT -- Dave and Rocklin. Rocklin is as calm as he were walking. Dave is more and more pleased with himse He again leans out to listen.
16) 3) text: Dave and Rocklin, as Rocklin glances out of the corner of his eyes as if wondering whether or not Dave is too drunk perceive the disaster. He makes no move, however, to advi or interfere.
16) 4) text: road; at danger corner, as stage comes in. At the very la second, Dave pulls in the horses and negotiates the turn safety.
16) 5) text: stage. Dave grins at Rocklin, then listens for the outcry expects from the women within. The old lady's head bobs o of the window.
16) 7) text: Old Dave's mouth drops open, and as Rocklin begins to gri at his discomfiture.
16) 14) text: He glances pointedly at Dave who is climbing down unstead and Pablo bursts out laughing.
16) 15) text: on door of coach. As Dave comes into shot, Miss Martin's  head pops out of the window.
16) 16) dialog: (gruffly) We stop here.
16) 18) dialog: If you wanta eat and stretch yore  laigs.
16) 20) dialog: You got some, ain't you?
16) 24) dialog: (letting out a yell  and rushing to Zeke) Why, Zeke, you two-legged old coot!
16) 25) text: Zeke and Dave as they beat one another on the back.
16) 26) dialog: Whar you been all these months?
16) 28) dialog: Good -- What's at the bottom of it?
16) 30) dialog: (roaring with laughter) What, again!!
16) 35) text: bar. Dave has just fitted a cylindrical record of "She Wa Only a Bird in a Gilded Cage" to an old-type phonograph.
16) 36) dialog: Yep -- this is my last trip.
16) 38) dialog: Old Harolday won't take back what he  said.
16) 40) dialog: "You're fired."
16) 42) text: from fireplace. Rocklin is standing in f.g. looking down the fire and making the inevitable cigarette from his poc dip. Seated at the table are Clara and Miss Martin. From  o.s. comes the sound of Zeke and Dave singing to the  phonograph record. Miss Martin glares indignantly in the  direction of the bar, obviously about to make a protest. this moment Stan comes from the kitchen with a large dish his hand which he dumps on the table.
16) 47) text: bar, as Stan comes from the table to Dave and Zeke.
16) 49) dialog: (noisily) I'm drinkin' mine. Set 'em up.
16) 115) text: as Rocklin comes out of the thoughtful mood in which he h been plunged by the information about Red Caldwell and no the by-play between Clews and Clara. He frowns and makes movement as if about to rise. At the same time, Dave and  Zeke, whose voices have been heard throughout In the b.g. stagger into the shot.
16) 116) dialog: (chuckling and pointing  to Miss Martin) See that one? (confidentially) She ain't got no laigs.
16) 119) dialog: (to Rocklin) Where's Stan? We got to have another  drink.
16) 121) dialog: Eh?
16) 123) dialog: Somebody's loco. Stan might have  given house-room to bit o' dead beef,  but he'd never be fool enough to  leave the hide lyin' around. (to Zeke) How 'bout it, Zeke?
16) 127) text: Dave has gone to Zeke's aid and now peers at Clews closel recognizing him for the first time.
16) 128) dialog: (disgustedly) Oh -- it's you.
16) 130) dialog: (shoves Clews) Git away from me -- you two-timin'  horse thief.
16) 132) text: Stan and Jackson come from the kitchen. Dave is again pic up Zeke, but seeing Stan, lets Zeke drop.
16) 133) dialog: (moving to Stan) Hey, Stan -- don't let 'em hang  nothin' on you, you ain't done.  They're just a couple of fourflushers --  the pair of 'em, everybody knows  that.
16) 136) dialog: (wheels on Jackson) Mebbe I am drunk -- mebbe that's why  I'm tellin' the truth -- I'm drunk  an' I'll say what I think -- I'll  say what I know.
16) 137) text: Zeke, on the floor, takes up Dave's belligerent mood for flash.
16) 139) text: Jackson goes to Dave.
16) 141) text: Clews moves in to Jackson and Dave, and now both men urge Dave toward the door.
16) 142) dialog: (attempting to throw  them off) Git your hands off me --
18) 0) text: Rocklin comes through the door and moves toward the boy, is standing looking downward into some hay. CAMERA PANS DOWN to show Dave unconscious, with a nasty c in his scalp. Rocklin kneels into the shot. Over the scen comes the sound of retreating hoofbeats.
18) 5) text: He kneels again, picks Dave up, and prepares to carry him out.
20) 0) text: PANNING SHOT -- with Miss Martin and Clara now seated nex to one another. Clara is half asleep with her head agains the side of the coach. Miss Martin is sitting bolt uprigh but her eyes are closed and her head nods. CAMERA PANS to include the other side of the coach where Dave is sprawle in the seat, his head on a cushion, his mouth open, sound asleep. Suddenly he snores violently, and Miss Martin wak with a start and glares at him angrily.
21) 1) text: CAMERA PANS to show the coach pulled up outside, with Roc lifting his saddle from the top of the coach, whilst a  stableman holds up Dave.
23) 0) text: PANNING SHOT -- SHOOTING FROM BEHIND the bar toward the s doors as Dave and Rocklin enter. The bartender (Cap), a l tallish man of about 50, studies them as they enter, then turns and calls across the room.
23) 6) text: Rocklin and Dave come to the bar. At the same time, Doc R comes into shot from the poker table.
23) 12) text: As Rocklin and Doc Riding begin to lead Dave toward the  Stairs.
24) 0) text: TRUCKING SHOT -- starting on big head of Dave, as he lies bed, with his eyes closed. His head is swathed in a clean bandage. He stirs and gives a little chuckle.
24) 1) dialog: (muttering) No laigs.
24) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Doc Riding at the bed and Rockl beyond, standing in the connecting doorway between two  bedrooms. The latter has a face towel in his hands and ha evidently been washing up. As Dave settles down comfortab in the bed, Doc Riding closes his bag, nods to Rocklin an moves toward the second bedroom.
25) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- as Doc Riding comes through the doorwa from Dave's room.
28) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to show that the owner of tie voice is  Rocklin, who has almost finished shaving. As he scrapes h chin and whistles, peering at himself in the little crack mirror, he hears the sound of the door opening and turns, then ducks quickly as a boot flies past him, just missing the mirror. There is the sound of the door slamming and  Rocklin grins. He picks up the boot and goes to the door  leading to Dave's room.
29) 0) text: As Rocklin enters, Dave is discovered almost dressed sitt on the bed. Rocklin, glad to see him, smiles and tosses t boot to him.
29) 2) dialog: After that singin'? -- Thirsty. (pulls on his boot)
29) 4) dialog: (evidently not aware  of what happened) Oh -- a mite hungover -- but I'll  feel better once I git downstairs.
31) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- Dave, at the bar, grabbing a bottle, pours  himself a drink which he sinks in one draught. He shudder and repeats the dose. During this, an excited murmur of v has been heard o.s. Dave turns and looks toward the far s of the saloon and suddenly gapes.
31) 2) text: group at window as Dave pushes them aside to get a view o what is happening outside.
31) 3) dialog: What's goin' on here?
33) 0) text: ON the window. The men inside, including Dave and Cap, ar pressed against the glass. CAMERA MOVES BACK and PANS TO the alleyway at the side of the saloon. Rocklin is coming toward the street.
36) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- as the customers, with Dave in f.g., mill ar Rocklin.
36) 1) dialog: Boy, oh boy, was that a near thing!  She'd just as soon have hit you as  missed. You don't know how lucky you  were, son.
36) 11) text: at bar, Dave has taken the bottle from Cap and is refilli Rocklin's and his own glass ecstatically.
36) 12) dialog: (gurgling with delight) Oh boy -- has somebody come to town!
44) 23) text: as Dave, followed by Arly and Juan, bursts in. His eyes g around the room quickly until he finds Rocklin.
44) 24) dialog: (as excited as a  schoolboy) George Clews is in town. He's seen  what you done to Bob and he's a- lookin' for you.
46) 2) text: Dave turns and looks curiously at Rocklin, who frowns  impatiently.
46) 4) dialog: (dashing out, radiant) Uh-huh!
47) 2) text: Suddenly Old Dave appears in a high state of excitement, halts with the swinging doors half open.
47) 3) dialog: (loudly) Hi you, George Clews --
47) 5) dialog: Rocklin says if you don't come out,  he'll come in here after you, an'  tear you apart.
47) 6) text: George Clews frowns. His eye catches sight of a king-size glass of beer being slid across the bar to Shorty Davis,  standing alongside him. That quick, Clews beats Shorty to the glass and hurls it at Dave, who ducks out. Cap,  anticipating trouble, brings a sawed-off shotgun up from  under the bar and now watches Clews and Shorty.
54) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- Rocklin and crowd as they swirl around him  offering congratulations. Dave pushes his way through the crowd and thumps Rocklin on the back in wild enthusiasm. the same time, the sound of a horse cantering is heard, a Jackson comes into shot.
54) 3) dialog: (surprised) Eh?
56) 0) text: On Dave and Pap Fossler engaged in conversation in front Pap's store. In the b.g. -- across the street, we carry t entrance to the Sun-Up Saloon.
56) 1) dialog: (in his best sales  talk) -- now Pap -- I'm givin' you first  call on me services. They's lots of  other folks lookin' fer a good man,  too -- you know. So if you want me,  you better hurry and speak up because --
56) 2) text: During Dave's speech Rocklin has come from the Sun-up car his valise. He pauses a moment, looking around. Dave sees him.
56) 3) dialog: 'scuse me, Pap -- Be right back to  find out when I start.
57) 0) text: On Rocklin just stepping off the curb. Dave comes in to h
57) 1) dialog: Whar you off to?
57) 4) dialog: What! -- Have you gone plumb loco?
57) 6) dialog: There ain't enough money in this  town to make it worth your while to  work for that gal.
57) 7) text: Rocklin gives Dave a quizzical look, which Dave mistakes weakening.
57) 8) dialog: When she gits goin' she can be  meaner'n a skillet full o' snakes.  She ain't goin' to forget the way  you made a fool of her today -- in  front of the whole town.
57) 10) dialog: Be right with you. (to Rocklin) It's pizen that's what it is -- jus'  plain --- What you want to hang around  this town for anyways? --
57) 11) text: Dave and Rocklin have reached middle of the street. Pap  Fossler's voice comes again from o.s.
57) 13) text: Dave reacts with a squint in Pap's direction. He runs out toward Pap, but would rather stay with Rocklin. THE CAMER FOLLOWS Rocklin ACROSS the street To the stage office, wh see Arly and Tala sitting on their horses apparently wait for Rocklin. A third horse is standing by with Rocklin's  saddle on it. Rocklin, upon reaching the front of the stage office, pau a moment, to look over the horse carrying his saddle --  glances up to Arly.
64) 1) text: wagon, which we now see is being driven by Dave. On the s of the wagon is written: TRANSPORT &amp; GENERAL FREIGHTA Pap Fossler and Sons. Juan canters into shot and pulls up alongside the wagon.
64) 2) dialog: Hiya there.
64) 4) dialog: Yeah. Haulin' freight for ole Pap  Fossler. Got a letter here for that  crazy galoot, Rocklin. (with a little Wink) From the little Caldwell girl. Seems  mighty took up about sumpin'. Made  me promise to deliver it personal. (indicates letter)
64) 6) dialog: Lordy -- he ain't quit already...
67) 0) text: Old Dave is jogging along in his wagon. A rumble of thund echoes through the canyon. Dave reacts with a look toward the sky.
69) 1) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK and Rocklin is revealed at the tabl looking down at the letter. His hat is tipped back on his head, and his sleeves are rolled up. He is mixing dough i bowl sitting on the table near the letter, and his hands all gooey. Dave is discovered in front of the fireplace w his outer shirt and socks are drying. It is dark outside, but the storm has abated. Rocklin goes to a shelf near th fireplace to get a pan.
69) 2) dialog: (during the above) Durn funny -- that storm quittin'  just about the time I get here.
69) 4) dialog: (disgustedly) Reckon I'm gettin' to be more of a  fool the older I get.
69) 5) text: Dave watches Rocklin at the table shaping the dough for  biscuits and putting it in the pan.
69) 6) dialog: When are we gonna get around to  readin' it?
69) 7) text: Rocklin cannot help smiling a bit at the way Dave include himself in.
69) 9) text: Dave screws up his face in utter disgust and turns his  attention to his drying clothes. Rocklin, meanwhile, takes a flour sack from the table, wi the dough from his hands and picks up the letter. He goes over to the fireplace, opening the letter the while, and  sits on the bench. Dave, seeing this, edges discreetly ar in back of Rocklin in order to see over his shoulder. The letter open, Rocklin takes out a roll of bills along  with the folded message. He lays the envelope on the benc
69) 10) dialog: Mmmm -- dineroo.
69) 14) dialog: Who wouldn't be -- livin' with that  ole screech owl.
69) 16) dialog: (interrupting) Huh -- Smart girl --
69) 18) dialog: (significantly) Looks kinda like she's formed an  attachment.
69) 19) text: Rocklin glares up to Dave.
69) 20) dialog: (quickly) For the locality, I mean.
69) 22) dialog: (explosively) Indian trouble -- (in normal tone) Good Lord, they ain't been any Indian  trouble around here in --
69) 24) dialog: (getting the inference) Might's well -- come this far.
69) 26) text: The letter finished, Rocklin regards it a moment, then sl returns it to the envelope as he gazes thoughtfully into fire. Dave meantime straightens up -- scratches his shaggy top, and turns his attention once more to his drying clothes.
69) 27) dialog: (feeling his socks) Well -- what do you make of it?
69) 30) text: Dave sits alongside Rocklin and begins putting on his soc
69) 31) dialog: Indian trouble --
69) 33) dialog: (sourly) Baaa -- Wimmen -- Who can ever figure  'em? (pause) Got to admit though, I feel a mite  sorry for the young'un -- nice little  tyke.
69) 35) dialog: (after a slight pause) She's shore a pretty thing.
69) 38) dialog: Well, now -- I could mebbe help you  out some, there -- Fact, I could  tell you somethin' 'bout ole Red  that might be interestin'.
69) 40) text: Rocklin goes to the table and resumes molding biscuits. Dave has his boots on and is putting on his outer shirt.
69) 41) dialog: Caldwell? -- The best -- cantankerous  cuss -- but a real cowman, believe  me -- He was a big feller, like  yourself -- Fact, you coulda passed  fer a blood relation, come to think  of it.
69) 43) dialog: (anigmatically) That's what you'd say. Garvey managed  all Red's business. Besides which  they was regular drinkin' pals --  played poker together most nights --  tho' they do say Red got the worst  of it.
69) 45) dialog: Oh, yeah -- reckon a pretty poor  one, tho' -- still you'd say him and  Garvey was friends.
69) 47) dialog: (moves close to Rocklin) Rock -- I'm gonna tell you somethin'  I ain't never told anybody.
69) 49) text: Dave grimaces his confidence.
69) 50) dialog: The last time I seen Red was the day  he died --
69) 52) dialog: -- 'Twas in town -- he jus' come out  of the stage office. Tried to book  passage to Garden City but couldn't  on account I had a full load. --  Well, sir, he took me aside and give  me a printed sheet of paper and says,  "Read it." I looked it over and fer  as I could see it was a paper from  one of them Chicago sportin' firms,  tellin' how to manipulate trick  playin' cards.
69) 54) dialog: (nods) Reckon so. -- Seems Red found some  cards and this paper in a coat one  of his friends loaned him one night.
69) 56) dialog: Well, now that's just what I asked --  but all he said, was that it belonged  to a good friend. Then he said he  wasn't waitin' fer the next coach,  but was ridin' over to see the  district judge about it alone.
69) 58) dialog: Yes, sir -- 'bout a mile or so from  Stan's place. A bullet in the back  an' his pockets empty.
69) 60) dialog: Who was there to tell? -- Sheriff  Jackson? -- Him an' Garvey's thick  as thieves.
69) 62) dialog: Hates his guts -- sure riles him to  see young Clint hangin' onto the  Judge's coattails. All the same, I  jus' decided to keep my mouth shut  and my eyes open.
69) 64) dialog: No -- general opinion is that it was  rustlers.
69) 66) text: Rocklin moves away to a large earthen jug holding water a Dave talks.
69) 67) dialog: Looks to me if you get the man who  owned the marked cards, you get the  killer.
69) 69) dialog: Lordy -- you ain't thinkin' somebody  might try bumpin' them?
69) 71) dialog: Shore -- you told me how Jackson and  Clews tried to frame Stan.
69) 73) text: Dave sits down on a box sitting against the wall, directl under the large earthen jug of water.
69) 74) dialog: And layin' that gun across my skull --  an' offerin' to drive the coach  themselves.
70) 3) text: A shot splinters the windowpane and shatters the earthen on the shelf directly above Dave's head. The contents pou down on Dave and he topples over. Rocklin meanwhile has w the lantern off the table and ducked. They are both on th floor in the faint glow coming from the fireplace.
70) 5) dialog: (blustering) Will be if I ever get dry.
70) 8) dialog: Good Lord --
70) 11) text: He opens the door cautiously. Then sneaks out, followed b Dave.
71) 0) text: Rocklin and Dave stand close to the cabin, just clear of door, tensely scanning the surrounding darkness. Water can be heard dripping from the cabin roof, and an o hoots in a near-by tree. The sound of neighing horses comes from the direction of corral. Both men re-act.
71) 1) dialog: My team.
71) 4) text: He moves to the corner of the cabin, followed by Dave.
71) 7) dialog: Come on --
71) 9) dialog: Mebbe we winged him.
71) 11) dialog: He has reached the edge of the clearing where a slight  embankment leads to the level of the trees. He is just  starting up to higher ground when his eyes catch somethin on the embankment, shining in the moonlight. It proves to a tobacco pouch bearing a steer's head of hammered sliver It is dry, so has evidently just been dropped. Dave pocke it, and proceeds warily along the mystery rider's trail.
72) 25) text: Dave's voice is heard just outside the cabin door.
72) 27) text: Dave now rushes through the door, puffing and excited.
72) 28) dialog: -- He got away -- but guess what, I --
73) 0) text: Rocklin is headed for the corral as Dave catches up to hi
73) 1) dialog: (glancing back to the  cabin) Fer a man who's got a despise fer  wimmin, you sure do get all snaggled  up with 'em.
79) 13) text: He pulls out the tobacco pouch which Dave found at Table- Top.
89) 0) text: Dave pulls up in his wagon.
90) 0) text: It is pretty well wrecked. Rocklin has Garvey just about  done in. He gives him one final Sunday punch and Garvey g down and stays down. At that moment, Dave and Pap Fossler enter followed by other curious natives.
90) 1) dialog: Say -- looks like you two been  disagreein' 'bout somethin' -- (to Fossler, who has  gone over to Garvey) He ain't daid, is he?
90) 3) dialog: (to Rocklin) You musta found out somethin'.
91) 0) text: Rocklin and Dave as they walk from Garvey's office. Dave a time hopping along against Rocklin's strides.
91) 1) dialog: -- Find out who owns that tobaccy  pouch yet?
91) 3) dialog: Clint -- Is he in on it?
91) 5) text: Dave leaves and exits from shot in the direction of the s office. Rocklin goes off toward the Sun-Up.
101) 0) text: The area in front of the Sun-Up. Dave's wagon pulls up to the hitching rail in front of the saloon. Clint, stripped his gun, is driving with Dave, alertly watching him. They get down from the wagon and Dave prods Clint toward the c of the building.
103) 2) text: CAMERA PANS TO door as Clint enters reluctantly, followed the triumphant Dave.
103) 3) dialog: Here he is, Rock. Caught him jist in  time near the Santee. Headed fer  out, I'd say.
103) 5) text: He tosses Dave a coin, who catches it. Then Rocklin puts his boots.
103) 6) dialog: (delighted) Well, now -- that's right thoughtful --  Holler if you need me.
103) 7) text: Dave exits.
108) 0) text: Lined up at the bar are Dave, Pap Fossler, Shorty Davis a a few others. Cap is in his usual place. At the poker tab are Doc Riding, Sam Haynes, Ab Jenkins and one or two oth The shot has evidently been heard, for everything seems t have stopped, and Dave and Pap Fussier are looking up tow the ceiling, as are others. Now Dave snaps back to life - gulps down his drink, and hurries toward the stairs. As h starts up, the others move slowly in the same direction.
109) 0) text: Rocklin is on the floor, groggy. He shakes his head, and his senses return, he picks up the gun and just gets to h feet as Dave rushes in. Dave sees Clint's body on the floor -- notices the gun in Rocklin's hand. He opens his mouth to speak but nothing c out. All he can do is stare and grimace. The sound of hur feet comes from the hall, and presently the mob closes in crowding the room and the hall. Pap Fossler, who has been one of the first to enter, knee over Clint. During this, there are general ad libs from the crowd.
109) 24) text: The crowd stares in skeptical silence. Even Dave thinks  Rocklin is lying, and now does his best to protect his fr
109) 25) dialog: I believe you. (to the others) His gun was layin' over there on the  floor when I come in and --
109) 27) text: Dave winces.
111) 44) text: with Garvey in f.g. Close beside him are Pap and Dave, wh watches Garvey closely.
111) 51) text: He moves over to the open window, and with his gun levele on the mob, steps out onto the verandah. Once outside, he suddenly lets the window fall and disappears. A shot from Jackson's gun shatters a pane, during which time there ha been a rush to the window. It is Arly and Dave who reach first, and feigning an attempt to raise the window, they  momentarily delay pursuit.
113) 0) text: SHOOTING INTO the room, we see Arly and Dave shoved to on side by Jackson and Garvey. The window goes up and Jackso steps out, followed by Garvey, Harolday, Arly, Dave, and  others.
115) 0) text: The hitching rail in front of the Sun-Up. There are a doz or so horses tied up to it and close to it is Dave's team and wagon. Rocklin comes from around the corner of the  building and races to the hitching rail.
115) 11) text: Dave climbs into his wagon behind the group as Jackson ex quickly.
116) 4) text: The CAMERA PANS AROUND, getting Jackson, now mounted, as  others come riding in. He rares his horse around and star away followed by the mob, including our principals. They not get very far when Dave's wagon comes into the shot, g hell-bent in pursuit.
117) 0) text: The posse riding hard, with Dave's wagon following.
117) 1) text: Dave, half standing as he urges his team on. Behind him a the closed flaps of the wagon top.
117) 2) text: as a hand reaches out from between the flaps and grasps t reins. Dave takes it, and looks wildly around -- falls ba on the seat.
117) 4) dialog: I mighta knowed you'd do somethin'  like this. (as Rocklin slows the  team) What are we doin'?
125) 0) text: The wagon with Dave and Rocklin coming out of the night.
125) 1) text: Dave is driving the team for all it is worth. Rocklin is  looking back. He turns to Dave.
125) 3) dialog: We're just about there.
128) 0) text: The wagon moving slowly through the cottonwoods, along th drive not far from the house. It stops now, and the CAMER MOVES CLOSER to get Dave and Rocklin as they leave the te and start stealthily toward the house seen in the moonlig in the b.g.
129) 10) dialog: (nods and mumbles to  himself) Yeah -- why don't you? --
129) 11) text: Rocklin quickly shushes Dave.
129) 19) text: If Dave keeps quiet any longer he'll burst. He spins Rock around and speaks in his natural voice.
129) 20) dialog: -- And you knew the truth all the  time, too -- didn't you? -- No wonder  you stuck around --
129) 21) text: From Rocklin's expression it is quite apparent to Dave th he is right.
129) 25) text: Dave scrambles through the window and hurries in pursuit Miss Martin. Rocklin is at Clara's side.
133) 2) text: Dave enters from the hall carrying Miss Martin over his  shoulder. He has her wrapped in a sheet and bound up in  tassled curtain cord.
133) 3) dialog: (as Clara and Rocklin  react) This is the only way I could handle  her.
133) 7) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK as George Clews climbs into the roo followed by Bob. They disarm both Rocklin and Dave as Cla watches helplessly, and Miss Martin struggles in her wrap
133) 10) text: Dave puts Miss Martin down and begins undoing her as Bob  covers him with his gun.
136) 0) text: Dave has unwrapped Miss Martin and she gets to her feet  bristling.
136) 3) text: Bob Clews tosses the sheet over Dave's head. And as Dave  struggles,
136) 8) text: of the room. Bob Clews has Dave securely tied, and now as Miss Martin in getting Clara to the bed.
138) 0) text: Dave's wagon. Bob Clews is seen dumping Dave into the rea of the wagon. George Clews stands near him with Rocklin's unconscious form over his shoulder. Now he puts Rocklin i
145) 0) text: On Dave's Wrapped form, kicking the wagon tailboard. Arly head appears between the flaps above the tailboard and as Dave groans and kicks, she takes her knife and slits the  rope binding him.
148) 0) text: Rocklin, Arly, Dave, Rocklin is about done in from the fi
148) 1) dialog: (anxiously) Come on -- let's git goin' --
148) 3) dialog: Back at the house --
148) 8) dialog: (mutters) Stubborn as an ole mule. (shouts) You're puttin' a rope around your  neck --
148) 9) text: Dave runs after Rocklin.
149) 0) text: Rocklin and Dave. They are approaching the house warily.
149) 1) dialog: (softly) But what'll we do with the ole lady?
149) 3) dialog: I'd like to pizen her.
157) 0) text: Rocklin has his ear glued to the door. He can't help but  smile at Miss Martin's reference to him. Dave is behind t curtain at the window, watching the outside. Clara is clo to Rocklin.
159) 14) text: Rocklin steps away from the door, where Dave and Clara no stand. He has Garvey covered. Dave is pointing his gun, a grimacing at Miss Martin.
161) 4) dialog: (blasting, to Miss  Martin) Not you.
165) 0) text: In the hall are Clara and Miss Martin, Rocklin, Arly and  Julio, Dave and Garvey. Garvey is seated and has evidentl been talking in the way of confession.
165) 8) dialog: Well, you'll have to do the writin' --  'cause I don't know how to write.
165) 11) dialog: (grimaces) What that ole pelican needs is a  good spankin'.
165) 13) dialog: (his eyes flash with  an idea) Yeah -- I believe I am. (looks at the group) I know I am.
166) 13) dialog: (shouting) Hey, Rock -- Rock -- get out your  pencil and paper --
166) 16) dialog: (grimacing) Doggone it -- here Garvey is back in  this world -- an' they're out of it.