23) 2) text: CAMERA PANS to show a group of poker players seated aroun table. This consists of a well-dressed, powerful-looking of about 45 (Judge Garvey), with a smooth face and an  impressive manner; a flashily-dressed young man with a we face (Clint Harolday); a tough-looking cowboy of about 35 (Ab Jenkins); a pleasant-faced storekeeper of about 50 (P Fossler); and a little man with a weather-beaten face and intensely blue eyes (Doc Riding). Watching the game are S Haynes and Shorty Davis, the former a townsman and the la a cowboy. As they all look toward the door, Cap's voice  continues.
23) 4) text: Doc Riding looks quickly toward the door, taking in the  situation.
23) 5) dialog: (to Haynes) Take my hand, Sammy.
23) 7) dialog: What happened?
23) 9) dialog: (dryly) I see. (examining the head) Looks like he's going to need a couple  or so stitches. (to Cap) Better get him upstairs.
23) 12) text: As Rocklin and Doc Riding begin to lead Dave toward the  Stairs.
24) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Doc Riding at the bed and Rockl beyond, standing in the connecting doorway between two  bedrooms. The latter has a face towel in his hands and ha evidently been washing up. As Dave settles down comfortab in the bed, Doc Riding closes his bag, nods to Rocklin an moves toward the second bedroom.
25) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- as Doc Riding comes through the doorwa from Dave's room.
25) 1) dialog: He'll be all right in the morning.
25) 3) dialog: How about a snort?
26) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- at bar, with Cap Setting up glasses fo Doc Riding and Rocklin. He nods to indicate the bedroom  upstairs.
26) 2) dialog: Sure he'll make it. Can't kill off a  salty old hairpin like Dave that  easy.
26) 6) dialog: (with a look of  distaste) Oh!
26) 9) dialog: Yeah -- don't pay to start something  with 'em you don't intend to finish.
26) 12) dialog: (muttering into his  drink) Pity they didn't string him up while  they wore about it.
26) 14) dialog: He will, if he stays here long enough. (chuckles)
26) 16) dialog: (raises his glass;  grinning) Well, here's now.
26) 22) dialog: They're certainly running for him.  About time, too. He's taken a beating  this last week would shake a better  man.
26) 28) dialog: (shaking his head) No more tonight, son. I've a full  day ahead.
108) 0) text: Lined up at the bar are Dave, Pap Fossler, Shorty Davis a a few others. Cap is in his usual place. At the poker tab are Doc Riding, Sam Haynes, Ab Jenkins and one or two oth The shot has evidently been heard, for everything seems t have stopped, and Dave and Pap Fussier are looking up tow the ceiling, as are others. Now Dave snaps back to life - gulps down his drink, and hurries toward the stairs. As h starts up, the others move slowly in the same direction.
109) 7) text: Doc riding comes through the crowd, kneels beside Pap Fos He needs only a glance to know he can be of no use.
109) 8) dialog: (breaking the silence) Somebody better fetch Harolday.