21) 0) text: PANNING SHOT on sign on window which reads: RED ROCK STAGE SANTA INEZ DEPOT Proprietor -- J. Harolday
23) 2) text: CAMERA PANS to show a group of poker players seated aroun table. This consists of a well-dressed, powerful-looking of about 45 (Judge Garvey), with a smooth face and an  impressive manner; a flashily-dressed young man with a we face (Clint Harolday); a tough-looking cowboy of about 35 (Ab Jenkins); a pleasant-faced storekeeper of about 50 (P Fossler); and a little man with a weather-beaten face and intensely blue eyes (Doc Riding). Watching the game are S Haynes and Shorty Davis, the former a townsman and the la a cowboy. As they all look toward the door, Cap's voice  continues.
33) 10) text: of group including Bob Clews, as Clint Harolday rides in stares o.s.
35) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT -- Arley with the smoking gun still in her han She stares wildly after Rocklin for a second, then wheels her horse violently toward the group which includes Cling Harolday and Bob Clews.
35) 1) text: group surrounding Clews and Clint Harolday. The clatter o hoofs is heard and Arly gallops furiously into shot.
37) 0) text: Clint Harolday is seen at the window peering furtively to the Sun-Up Saloon. He suddenly notices something o.s. whi prompts him to say something which we of course cannot he Now Garvey appears at the window.
42) 0) text: Arly and Rocklin walking along the street, not far from  Harolday's office. Rocklin glances back toward Julio, who following a few paces behind them. He rides his horse and leading Arly's.
44) 0) text: MED. SHOT as Arly comes through from the outer office tow Harolday, who is seated at desk in f.g. At Arly's abrupt  entrance, he looks up, startled.
44) 2) text: There is a little pause. Harolday's face is completely de pan. He looks out of the window for a second, then back a Arly.
44) 3) dialog: (quietly) Why did you do it, Arly?
44) 5) dialog: (with a little sigh) All right. Send him in.
44) 9) text: as Rocklin comes from the doorway into f.g. of shot, faci Harolday, who is seated on the far side of the desk.
44) 10) dialog: Mr. Rocklin, what happened between  you and my son last night?
44) 12) dialog: Hmmm. About this suggestion of you  working for me.
44) 14) dialog: Ye-es. Sixty dollars is big money.
44) 16) dialog: No, no.... Wait a minute. I take it  you've had the experience.
44) 18) dialog: Oh -- had Caldwell hired you?
44) 20) dialog: I see -- Were you a friend of Red's?
46) 1) dialog: The street is clear.
49) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- Harolday watching from behind the window of office. Behind Harolday are Julio and Arly. The latter ma a step as if about to move to the door, but Julio restrai her.
54) 17) text: She takes Clara by the arm and sweeps past them towards t hotel. Rocklin looks after them with a grim expression an then up at Arly, who has been listening intently. She ret his look steadily for a second. Then, with a mocking smil she wheels the mare and canters out of shot, followed by  Juan. He looks after her for a second; then with the same grim look, enters Harolday's office.
55) 0) text: Harolday is standing at the window, looking toward the do having seen Rocklin approaching. The door opens and Rockl enters and resumes his conversation as though it were har interrupted.
55) 2) dialog: You being hired by Red Caldwell only  confirms what I'd suspected -- he  was getting ready to fight.
55) 4) dialog: Organized rustling. Well at least --  that's my belief. Red was no friend  of mine. Too fond of taking the law  into his own hands. But he had my  sympathy. He'd been harder hit than  any of us. And on top of it all, he  lost his foreman.
55) 6) dialog: He was shot -- in the back -- with a  bullet from the same caliber rifle  as got Red.
55) 8) dialog: No -- Except that the man you just  pistol-whipped is in on it somewhere. (bitterly) Pity you didn't kill him when you  had the chance.
55) 9) text: Rocklin realizes that maybe Harolday is trying to throw a curve -- trying to get him to talk.
55) 11) dialog: (watching him keenly) Want to go back and work for them?
55) 13) dialog: (quickly) Oh, you mean my step-daughter. Well  don't worry. She won't interfere  with you...Rocklin -- I figure we've  been losin' cattle over a place called  Table Top -- it's the back way into  the Topaz Ranch and the perfect route  for rustlers -- I'm going to send  you up to the line camp -- you don't  mind working a lone hand -- do you?
55) 15) dialog: (rising and holding  out a hand) Good -- be ready to move out this  afternoon.
65) 0) text: Shelley, a Negro servant of the Harolday household, is  discovered sweeping the front porch. Behind him we see Cl open the door -- peer furtively out -- then cross the por to its edge when he looks o.s. as though searching for  someone. Shelley, meantime, has noticed Clint, but goes right on w his sweeping. His only reaction is a disparaging glance o his shoulder.
66) 38) text: entrance to ranch. Entering the driveway from the directi of Santa Inez, comes Harolday, still looking the distingu citizen.
66) 40) dialog: Good morning, Julio -- morning Arly. (to Julio as he  dismounts) Fetch my briefcase -- it's on my  desk.
66) 43) dialog: Looks like we're going to get that  land we've been wanting along the  river bottom.
66) 44) text: Arly turns her eyes on Harolday, who continues.
66) 45) dialog: I didn't tell you -- but I bought  the mortgage on the Hardman ranch,  and it's due today -- On my way over  there now.
66) 48) dialog: I did.
66) 50) dialog: You generally do.
66) 52) dialog: It seemed to me a good idea -- what  with all this rustling going on --
66) 54) dialog: (coldly) I don't agree with you. In any case --  if you must have it -- I'd no  intention of engaging a man at  foreman's wages just to gratify the  whims of a jealous woman!
66) 56) dialog: (very controlled) It's you should take care, my dear.  I'm afraid there's one man you can't  rawhide into jumping the way you  want. You've made a fool of yourself  over him once. Better watch out you  don't do it again.
66) 58) text: as Harolday comes from the verandah to his horse. Juan is standing there with the briefcase which Harolday takes wi a yank, mounts his horse and rides out. The CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE on Arly, who stands in furious  silence watching Harolday ride away.
75) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- of Rocklin as he comes riding into town. As nears the corner where the stage and Harolday's office is situated, the CAMERA MOVES IN, getting Rocklin and one of the Harolday employees repairing the wooden sidewalk near the hitching rail.
76) 0) text: PANNING SHOT on Harolday as he sits at the desk working o ledger. The sound of a door opening is heard. Harolday lo up casually as if expecting a customer, then suddenly gap CAMERA PANS to include doorway in which stands Rocklin.
76) 2) dialog: (frowning) I thought I sent you up to Table- Top.
76) 4) dialog: (slowly) What happened?
76) 6) text: He pokes a finger through the hole in the crown. Harolday eyes narrow.
76) 7) dialog: (after a little pause) I told you you'd regret letting that  rat Clews off so easy.
76) 9) dialog: What's the matter? Don't you think  it was him, then?
76) 11) dialog: Juan?
76) 13) text: Harolday looks sharply toward the window.
78) 0) text: PANNING SHOT on Clint as he enters from street and crosse to the door of Harolday's office.
79) 0) text: MED. SHOT on door of inner office with Harolday at desk i f.g. As the door opens it conceals Rocklin from Clint.
79) 4) dialog: (very calm) Mr. Rocklin was just telling me all  about it. (significantly) Any idea who might have done it?
79) 5) text: Clint looks quickly at Harolday and back at Rocklin with  frightened eyes.
79) 11) dialog: (sharply) Yes. What sort of thing would Clint  here know about, that would help  identify the man who tried to kill  you last night?
79) 16) text: group, with Rocklin and Harolday both watching Clint inte
79) 17) dialog: (harshly) Well, go on -- speak up. Did you  ever see it before?
79) 20) text: Harolday and Clint are at window looking past camera towa the street. They see Rocklin carrying his saddle, walking toward the Sun-Up. Shorty Davis hails Rocklin, says somet to him and points to the Sun-Up. Rocklin leaves, walking  faster.
79) 21) dialog: (frowning deeply) He means trouble.
79) 24) dialog: (turning on him with  cold fury) Listen, I never did have much use  for you. You're a poor specimen at  the best; but as a would-be bad man  you're nothing but a laughing stock.  Why, the way you lied about that  pouch just now wouldn't have deceived  a six-year old.
79) 26) dialog: (harshly) All right, let it go at that. But I  got myself to think of. It wouldn't  suit me at all just now to have you  shown up in public for what you are  by that trouble-shootin' cowhand. My  advice to you is to get out of the  district and stay out. (taking a key from  his vest pocket) You'll find some money in the safe  at the ranch. Take what you need and  put the key in the desk drawer. Now  get.
110) 0) text: Harolday, followed by Shorty Davis, is making his way dow the hall from the inner stair landing. As he nears the cr gathered at Rocklin's door, Juan comes into view down the hall, having just entered through the door leading out on the verandah.
110) 1) dialog: (as he nears Rocklin's  door) Where is he? -- Where's my boy?
111) 0) text: Harolday enters, over the ad libs of the mob, followed by Shorty Davis. During the following action, Juan enters an stands near the door, silently taking in everything.
111) 1) text: Harolday, as he sees Clint's body and stops dead in horro He turns to Rocklin.
111) 2) dialog: (with cold violence) You murderer.
111) 4) dialog: (quickly) Then who did?
111) 8) dialog: Well, what do you say to that?
111) 27) dialog: (harshly) He's lying. He's trying to cover up  for killing my boy.
113) 0) text: SHOOTING INTO the room, we see Arly and Dave shoved to on side by Jackson and Garvey. The window goes up and Jackso steps out, followed by Garvey, Harolday, Arly, Dave, and  others.
115) 6) dialog: (sarcastically) Well, Sheriff -- you certainly are  to be congratulated.
115) 9) dialog: You sure?
116) 0) text: At hitching rail. There are four or five horses tied up h Arly and Juan enter and mount their horses, and almost  immediately Garvey and Harolday come hurrying into the sc after two of the other horses.
120) 0) text: A raspy voice is heard coming out of the darkness singing ribald song of the periods. And now Old Zeke, riding his  burro, comes into view. As he passes close to the camera, PAN and get the posse coming out of the darkness in the  opposite direction Zeke is travelling. As the posse pulls up to Zeke, the CAMERA MOVES IN on a g including Zeke, Jackson, Garvey, Harolday.
120) 4) dialog: After that storm? -- He'd never make  it.
120) 8) dialog: That's what you said before.
153) 0) text: The posse comes riding in. Jackson, Garvey, Harolday, and few others dismount and go toward the door.
155) 11) text: As all but Garvey and Harolday go back to their horses, G speaks.
155) 14) text: Garvey looks at Harolday in a manner evidencing his dista and impatience.
155) 15) dialog: We'll go on and meet you in town.
158) 0) text: Arly and Juan, as they watch Harolday approach the house go to the hall window.
160) 0) text: At hall window -- on Harolday watching.
162) 0) text: Harolday at hall window. He raises his gun -- he is about fire when a knife whirls out of nowhere and sticks in the window frame, inches from Harolday's head. He spins aroun and stares wildly here and there at the darkness.
163) 0) text: Harolday is herded inside, close to Garvey and Miss Marti
163) 2) text: In the pause Harolday remains sneeringly silent.
163) 5) text: Harolday looks at Juan, who slowly nods.
163) 9) text: Juan nods. Rocklin, with a sudden transition, speaks to Harolday in hard, threatening tone.
163) 11) text: Harolday doesn't answer. He finally looks at Garvey in  desperation. Perspiration runs down Garvey's forehead.  Suddenly Harolday makes a mad dash for the door. Rocklin  shoots, but Arly pushes his arm and sends the shot wild.  Rocklin looks at her in amazement. Julio hurries out.
164) 0) text: On Harolday as he rushes madly across the clearing toward the bushes where his horse waits. The CAMERA SWINGS BACK to the porch in time to catch Juli crossing it in pursuit of Harolday. Arly and Rocklin come through the open door and stand on the porch watching.
164) 2) text: They see Julio disappear in the brush. For a moment nothi happens; now Harolday's horse bolts out, riderless, and  gallops away. Now Julio comes slowly into view. He moves  slowly and deliberately back toward the house.