1) 0) text: FULL SHOT -- with the line of men now standing on the edg of the platform looking toward camera. Train steams slowl in past camera, and stops, with a tall, wide-shouldered m of about 28 (Rocklin), dressed in new store clothes, cowb and a broad-brimmed white hat, in f. g. standing on steps day coach with a small valise and saddle in his hands. Be Rocklin a conductor.
1) 3) text: As Rocklin comes along the platform carrying the valise i one hand and balancing the saddle on his shoulder with th other, a man behind him picks up the two mail sacks and e from scene. The station bums look at Rocklin curiously. H expression giving no encouragement, they slink back out o the sun and begin to settle down in their old places agai At the ticket office, Rocklin pauses and looks around  uncertainly.
1) 5) dialog: (after a second's  pause) I guess not. Where's the stagecoach  office?
2) 2) text: Rocklin, making his way along the walk, almost reaches th depot when his attention is arrested by the sight of Dave the stage driver, who has just rounded in front of the le horses. He pauses close to one horse's head. Rocklin sees Dave take a bottle from his person, uncork it as he glanc around, and raise it to drink. The bottle is almost to Da lips when the horse shies, swinging its head. The bottle knocked from the old fellow's hands and smashes on the gr Now Rocklin witnesses a scene of intense fury, which he f amusing despite its seriousness. Old Dave rants and snort beats his thighs, his heads, flings his arms wildly and  exhibits his utter disgust generally.
3) 0) text: PAN SHOT. Rocklin enters and moves over to the counter, b which is the stage agent, a mild-looking man with pebble- lens glasses. During the scene, the character who picked the mail sacks from the platform, comes in, dumps the sac on the counter and leaves.
3) 2) dialog: (indicating stage) That the stage for Santa Inez?
3) 4) text: Rocklin puts his saddle on the counter, and taking out a of bills, drops them on the counter. The Stage Agent coun out the fare.
3) 6) dialog: Rocklin.
3) 7) text: The Stage Agent turns to make out the ticket. Rocklin tak some tobacco and paper from his vest pocket as he glances outside.
3) 8) dialog: Mind if I ride alongside the driver?
3) 10) dialog: (soberly) I like grumpy old cusses -- Hope to  live long enough to be one.
3) 12) text: He shakes his head and hands Rocklin the ticket, and move over to the door with one of the mail sacks in his hand.
4) 0) text: The Stage Agent, carrying a mail sack, and Rocklin come f the stage depot and reach the stage as Dave is in the act climbing up to the driver's seat.
4) 2) text: Dave looks over his shoulder at the Agent and steps to th ground, as Rocklin climbs up to the driver's seat.
4) 3) dialog: (as he steps up to  the seat) -- and a passenger.
4) 4) text: Dave glares at Rocklin climbing up to the seat, and he is about to order him down when Rocklin, now seated, looks d at him and asks rather wistfully --
4) 5) dialog: Mind if I ride up here?
4) 12) text: Dave stalks around the rear of the coach. The Agent meant stretches himself up toward Rocklin.
5) 2) text: Before the handyman can answer, Dave's attention is taken someone calling his name from across the street. Meantime an Indian squaw wobbles from the hotel with bow and arrow etc. Rocklin buys bow and arrow.
5) 7) dialog: (nods) I'll say that.
5) 16) text: on Clara. She is looking rather timidly up at Rocklin.
5) 17) text: on Rocklin. He is grinning appreciatively at old Dave. No he notices Clara and regards her soberly a moment.
5) 18) text: Dave has heaved the trunk in place and is securing it. Miss Martin, about to enter the coach, notices Clara star up at Rocklin.
5) 20) text: Clara snaps her attention from Rocklin to her aunt. The C steps to the side of the coach and opens the door. He ass Clara inside -- and now Miss Martin.
7) 0) text: Dave, Rocklin and Clerk. Dave is at the moment climbing t his seat on the other side of the coach. The Clerk swings the door closed and looks up to Rocklin and speaks more o less confidentially.
7) 3) dialog: I never feel sorry for anything that  happens to a woman.
8) 0) text: THROUGH window of door -- Miss Martin and Clara. The wome have obviously overheard Rocklin's remark. Miss Martin sm vindictively at Clara, who flushes. CAMERA PULLS BACK to include the Clerk, who moves to the  coach door.
9) 0) text: On Dave and Rocklin.
11) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Dave and Rocklin, the latter staring  straight ahead. As they roll with the roll of the coach,  Dave steals a look at his companion.
11) 2) text: Rocklin ignores Dave's question and continues staring ahe Dave glances down toward the women.
11) 4) dialog: (grimly) Every word of it.
11) 6) dialog: Maybe I seen more of 'em than most.
11) 9) dialog: (unsmilingly) All the same -- what?
11) 12) text: Rocklin drinks and gives the bottle back to Dave, who all but empties it in one pull.
11) 14) text: Rocklin makes no reply. Dave offers the bottle again.
11) 16) dialog: Not just yet.
11) 18) dialog: Who?
13) 3) dialog: Like me to speel you a while?
13) 5) dialog: Who're them as say you are?
13) 7) dialog: What's wrong?
13) 9) dialog: (grinning) What's wrong with law and order?
14) 11) text: Dave and Rocklin on stage as it thunders downhill. Dave i leaning out and listening hopefully for the outcries from within. None come. Rocklin is hanging on with both hands mildly amused.
16) 0) text: CLOSE TWO SHOT -- Dave and Rocklin. Rocklin is as calm as he were walking. Dave is more and more pleased with himse He again leans out to listen.
16) 3) text: Dave and Rocklin, as Rocklin glances out of the corner of his eyes as if wondering whether or not Dave is too drunk perceive the disaster. He makes no move, however, to advi or interfere.
16) 5) text: stage. Dave grins at Rocklin, then listens for the outcry expects from the women within. The old lady's head bobs o of the window.
16) 7) text: Old Dave's mouth drops open, and as Rocklin begins to gri at his discomfiture.
16) 11) dialog: Buenas noches, amigo.
16) 13) dialog: Tuvimos suerte en haber llegado.
16) 31) text: Rocklin has entered and moved to the fire. Miss Martin an Clara enter and stand in the doorway watching the scene a the bar. A pale-faced, dyspeptic-looking man of about 45  (Stan) comes from the kitchen and approaches them  ingratiatingly.
16) 42) text: from fireplace. Rocklin is standing in f.g. looking down the fire and making the inevitable cigarette from his poc dip. Seated at the table are Clara and Miss Martin. From  o.s. comes the sound of Zeke and Dave singing to the  phonograph record. Miss Martin glares indignantly in the  direction of the bar, obviously about to make a protest. this moment Stan comes from the kitchen with a large dish his hand which he dumps on the table.
16) 55) dialog: Reckon so.
16) 58) dialog: Has he?
16) 60) dialog: Frequently.
16) 62) text: Clara looks apologetically at Rocklin, then away again  nervously. Suddenly, she sees something o.s. and drops he knife and fork with a little start.
16) 97) text: Rocklin speaks from where he leans against the wall, casu smoking.
16) 98) dialog: How about the owner of that beef --  mightn't he have somethin' to say  about it?
16) 99) text: There's a pause in which all have turned their attention Rocklin.
16) 101) dialog: Red Caldwell -- he's the owner of  the K.C., ain't he?
16) 115) text: as Rocklin comes out of the thoughtful mood in which he h been plunged by the information about Red Caldwell and no the by-play between Clews and Clara. He frowns and makes movement as if about to rise. At the same time, Dave and  Zeke, whose voices have been heard throughout In the b.g. stagger into the shot.
16) 120) dialog: He's outside tryin' to explain away  a hide.
16) 122) dialog: (indicating food) Seems we're eatin' stolen beef.
16) 144) dialog: (taking a step forward) I'll lend a hand.
16) 146) text: They exit. Rocklin stands frowning a second, then turns t the table where Stan is making a show of clearing dishes, etc.
16) 147) dialog: (quietly to Stan) How are things standin' now between  you an' the law? (indicates direction  Jackson went out)
16) 149) text: Rocklin's lips curl in a wise smile.
16) 150) dialog: Good thing you saved it.
16) 158) dialog: How is he?
16) 163) text: Rocklin has been listening intently.
16) 164) dialog: I'm drivin'.
16) 165) text: of the group, with Clews looking significantly at Jackson who is obviously checkmated by Rocklin's remark.
16) 167) dialog: Don't.
17) 2) text: The kid disappears inside the stable. Rocklin comes into  shot from the direction of the coach and enters the stabl
18) 0) text: Rocklin comes through the door and moves toward the boy, is standing looking downward into some hay. CAMERA PANS DOWN to show Dave unconscious, with a nasty c in his scalp. Rocklin kneels into the shot. Over the scen comes the sound of retreating hoofbeats.
18) 2) dialog: (to boy) Did they do it?
18) 4) dialog: (matters) His friends, eh?
19) 1) text: Rocklin on the driver's seat, handling the reins expertly
21) 3) dialog: Bumped his head.
21) 5) dialog: Where's the best chance of a cheap  room?
21) 7) dialog: (with valise, indicates  saddle) I'll pick that up later.
21) 13) dialog: (flatly) Nope. (offering a shoulder  to Dave) Here -- catch aholt.
23) 0) text: PANNING SHOT -- SHOOTING FROM BEHIND the bar toward the s doors as Dave and Rocklin enter. The bartender (Cap), a l tallish man of about 50, studies them as they enter, then turns and calls across the room.
23) 6) text: Rocklin and Dave come to the bar. At the same time, Doc R comes into shot from the poker table.
23) 8) dialog: Bumped his head.
23) 11) dialog: (nodding) Okay. You can book me a room, too.
23) 12) text: As Rocklin and Doc Riding begin to lead Dave toward the  Stairs.
24) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Doc Riding at the bed and Rockl beyond, standing in the connecting doorway between two  bedrooms. The latter has a face towel in his hands and ha evidently been washing up. As Dave settles down comfortab in the bed, Doc Riding closes his bag, nods to Rocklin an moves toward the second bedroom.
25) 2) text: Rocklin closes door behind him.
25) 4) dialog: Don't mind if I do.
25) 5) text: He moves across the room, followed by Rocklin, who throws the towel down on the bed as he passes. For a second, he  hesitates as if about to pick up the gun-belt which is ly on the bed. Then, deciding to leave it, he follows the do through the door.
26) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- at bar, with Cap Setting up glasses fo Doc Riding and Rocklin. He nods to indicate the bedroom  upstairs.
26) 4) dialog: (stolidly) I didn't.
26) 7) text: Cap reverts to Rocklin, still casually, but with an under of friendly warning.
26) 11) dialog: They string 'em up for that where I  come from.
26) 29) text: Judge Garvey in foreground has been watching Rocklin, as trying to sum him up. He now leans forward with an  ingratiating smile.
26) 31) text: Rocklin smiles and begins to shake his head.
26) 33) text: Rocklin turns very slowly and stares at Clint. The others watch curiously. Without taking his eyes off Clint, he co forward slowly and stands looking down at him. Then,  unbuttoning the flap of his pocket, he takes out the wad bills and drops it on the table, at the same time sinking into the chair vacated by Sammy. The tension amongst the  onlookers relaxes and Clint grins at Garvey and winks  significantly.
26) 35) dialog: I didn't give it. (to Pap, who is holding  the cards) Deal.
27) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- poker table, including Cap, who is watching. Pap Fossler is dealing. There is an atmosphere of tension around the table, and it is obvious that Clint has been  losing. As he picks up his cards, he is unable to restrai smile of triumph. Rocklin makes a bet. Pap Fossler and th man next to him fold immediately.
27) 2) text: This is more than Rocklin has in front of him.
27) 5) text: He stares challengingly at Rocklin. Rocklin takes out a  wallet, from which he removes a bill and sees the raise.
27) 8) dialog: One.
27) 10) text: He reaches for it almost before it is dealt and as a resu the card, a Queen, falls face up. Clint looks at it gleef snatches it up and puts it in his hand. Rocklin watches h impassively.
27) 11) dialog: Don't you know that Queen is dead?
27) 13) dialog: Sure -- if you want -- but you'll  have to beat my hand with four cards.
27) 15) text: Rocklin glances inquiringly at the other players. All are dead-panned, unwilling to interfere. Rocklin looks toward Cap, who stands near him.
27) 21) dialog: (calmly) No.
27) 23) dialog: I'm raising.
27) 25) dialog: Dig.
27) 30) dialog: No good. (spreads his hand) Kings up. Your third queen is dead.
27) 31) text: Rocklin starts raking in the pot. Clint, almost hysterica jumps up, draws his gun and thrusts it almost into Rockli face. The other players roll away from the line of fire.
27) 33) text: Rocklin, his hands outspread, slowly straightens up, rise and backs away. At the foot of the stairs, he turns  deliberately and walks upstairs. When he disappears from  view --
27) 44) text: Rocklin is standing there grimly surveying the situation. he starts down the stairs...
27) 46) dialog: (with deadly calm) I've come for my money.
27) 48) text: Clint again looks around for approval, but gets no respon Rocklin comes slowly forward, picks up the money from the table and turns back to the stairs. As he reaches the foo of the stairs, he turns and looks straight at Garvey with peculiar expression.
27) 49) dialog: By the way, Judge -- the name is  Rocklin.
28) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to show that the owner of tie voice is  Rocklin, who has almost finished shaving. As he scrapes h chin and whistles, peering at himself in the little crack mirror, he hears the sound of the door opening and turns, then ducks quickly as a boot flies past him, just missing the mirror. There is the sound of the door slamming and  Rocklin grins. He picks up the boot and goes to the door  leading to Dave's room.
29) 0) text: As Rocklin enters, Dave is discovered almost dressed sitt on the bed. Rocklin, glad to see him, smiles and tosses t boot to him.
29) 1) dialog: How you feelin'?
29) 3) dialog: How's your head?
29) 5) text: He hurries out the hall door. Rocklin, amused at the old  coot, starts back into his room.
30) 0) text: Rocklin is just coming through the door and sees somethin o.s., stops and freezes. CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Bob Clews leaning against th open ball door leading into Rocklin's room. He smiles as  Rocklin sees him.
30) 2) dialog: (closing door to Dave's  room) What do you want?
30) 4) dialog: That all you came to say?
30) 6) dialog: What about?
30) 8) dialog: (after a second) I'll be down.
33) 0) text: ON the window. The men inside, including Dave and Cap, ar pressed against the glass. CAMERA MOVES BACK and PANS TO the alleyway at the side of the saloon. Rocklin is coming toward the street.
33) 1) text: Rocklin, as he comes out of the shadow of the alleyway an stands blinking in the full sunlight. Sensing something  unusual, he looks quickly around.
33) 2) text: from Rocklin's ANGLE. CAMERA PANS OVER the groups in the  street, STOPPING ON one which includes Bob Clews. As Clew sees Rocklin, he nudges a bystander and looks toward the  stagecoach office with a grin. CAMERA PANS to include Arly and Juan.
33) 3) text: Rocklin as he takes in the situation. With a grim look, h begins to move along the sidewalk, CAMERA TRUCKING WITH h Suddenly, there is the clatter of a horse's hooves and Ar gallops into shot, forcing the mare up onto the sidewalk barring Rocklin's progress.
33) 5) dialog: (coldly) Yes.
33) 7) dialog: (quietly) Are you crazy? Or just ignorant?
33) 11) text: Rocklin, as he looks coldly from Arly to the run and back again. Calmly taking the reins, he forces the mare's head and moves on. Furiously, Arly spurs the mare alongside, C TRUCKING WITH them.
33) 13) text: Arly and Rocklin. Rocklin continues along the sidewalk.
33) 19) text: Rocklin's hand on the door as four shots in quick success spatter a line down the door close to his hand.
34) 0) text: TRUCKING SHOT -- Rocklin, as he continues his forward mov through the swing-doors. CAMERA PULLS BACK in front of hi into the saloon until it reaches the bar. Cap moves from  window with crowd and goes behind bar.
34) 1) dialog: Whiskey!
35) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT -- Arley with the smoking gun still in her han She stares wildly after Rocklin for a second, then wheels her horse violently toward the group which includes Cling Harolday and Bob Clews.
36) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- as the customers, with Dave in f.g., mill ar Rocklin.
36) 2) dialog: Don't I? (indicating whiskey  with a sickly grin) Why d'you think I need this?
36) 3) text: He sinks the whiskey and begins to pour himself another. the same time, the swing-doors open and Bob Clews comes  through. AS Rocklin raises the glass to his lips, Bob Cle hits him on the back, causing him to spill the whisky.
36) 5) text: There is a moment's pause. Then with a slow, grim smile o satisfaction, Rocklin turns and knocks Bob Clews off his  feet.
36) 6) text: with Bob Clews on the floor, tugging at his gun. As it co free of the holster, Rocklin brings his heel down on Clew wrist, grinding on it with his whole weights. Then, kicki the gun out of reach, Rocklin steps back. Bob Clews sits clutching his wrist and weaving back and forth.
36) 8) dialog: Try another trick like that on me  and it'll be worse.
36) 11) text: at bar, Dave has taken the bottle from Cap and is refilli Rocklin's and his own glass ecstatically.
36) 14) dialog: (to Cap) Where'll I find Judge Garvey?
36) 16) dialog: (putting down money) He will this morning. (to Dave) See you later, old-timer...
38) 0) text: Rocklin, FROM Garvey's ANGLE as he leaves the Sun-Up and  starts toward the Judge's office.
40) 0) text: ON Arly and Juan, mounted. They see Rocklin going into  Garvey's place.
41) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- TOWARD door, with Garvey at desk in f.g. The door opens and Rocklin enters.
41) 2) text: Rocklin looks him over for a second, then comes quietly t the desk.
41) 3) dialog: I understand you were Red Caldwell's  lawyer?
41) 5) dialog: Know anything about this?
41) 6) text: He takes out a letter and hands it to Garvey. The latter  takes it slowly, handling it as if it were dangerous. He  looks from the letter to Rocklin and back again. Then  reluctantly, he opens it and begins to read. LETTER -- It reads: Dear Mr. Rocklin: Glad you have made up your mind to take the job. Enclosed find train fare and $150 advance on wages. Yours faithfully, J. Caldwell
41) 7) text: Rocklin and Garvey. The latter looks up from the letter  completely bewildered.
41) 9) dialog: Foreman.
41) 11) dialog: Why not? Good foremen don't grow on  bushes.
41) 14) dialog: What other motive could I have?
41) 16) text: He studies Rocklin a short moment, then sits back comfort and relieved.
41) 18) dialog: Off?
41) 20) dialog: (thoughtfully) Well --
41) 29) text: Miss Martin sits stiffly as she eyes Rocklin coldly.
41) 32) dialog: (to Garvey) What do you mean -- claims to have? --  You saw it, didn't you?
41) 34) dialog: (finds it hard to  control himself) Listen, lady -- I'd rather walk for  somebody else, than ride for you.
41) 36) dialog: All I come for this morning was to  pay beck the hundred and fifty Red  Caldwell sent in advance.
41) 40) dialog: The railway fare -- well, I reckon  we can check that up against the  time lost and call it quits. (throws down a roll  of bills in front of  Garvey)
41) 42) dialog: (raising his hat) Rocklin, miss.
41) 44) dialog: That's how I'd prefer it, If you  don't mind, miss -- never did care  fer owing favors to no one --  especially women.
41) 60) text: She looks slowly from Clara to Rocklin, as if suspecting  collusion.
41) 62) dialog: (dead pan) I already met Miss Harolday.
41) 65) dialog: (murmuring) What, again?
41) 67) dialog: What for?
41) 69) dialog: Hmmm -- That's a foreman's wages.
41) 74) text: Rocklin, as he stares at Arly with an enigmatic expressio Suddenly, he seems to make up his mind.
41) 75) dialog: (indicating the door) Lead the way.
41) 76) text: as Arly turns abruptly on her heel and exits the way she  came. Rocklin makes a little gesture to the ladies with h hat and follows. As he goes, Juan, who has been leaning  against the doorpost, follows, closing the door behind hi
42) 0) text: Arly and Rocklin walking along the street, not far from  Harolday's office. Rocklin glances back toward Julio, who following a few paces behind them. He rides his horse and leading Arly's.
42) 1) dialog: (to Arly, indicating  Julio) Does he always follow you?
42) 3) dialog: (takes it mildly) Oh -- just an old Indian friend.
42) 5) text: Rocklin nods, looks back again at Julio, then back to Arl as they go out of shot.
43) 0) text: PAINING SHOT -- as Arly comes to from the street, followe by Julio and Rocklin.
44) 8) text: Rocklin comes in and Arly exits without a word, closing t door behind her.
44) 9) text: as Rocklin comes from the doorway into f.g. of shot, faci Harolday, who is seated on the far side of the desk.
44) 11) dialog: Poker.
44) 13) dialog: It's your suggestion, not mine.
44) 15) dialog: (turning to go) If you've changed your mind...
44) 17) dialog: Enough for Red Caldwell to hire me  as foreman.
44) 19) dialog: Yeah -- but I won't ride for the new  owners -- so that leaves me open.
44) 21) dialog: No -- I guess he just heard about  me.
44) 23) text: as Dave, followed by Arly and Juan, bursts in. His eyes g around the room quickly until he finds Rocklin.
46) 2) text: Dave turns and looks curiously at Rocklin, who frowns  impatiently.
46) 3) dialog: (to Dave irritably) Tell him I'll be out in the street  in front of the saloon.
48) 1) text: Rocklin -- FROM George's ANGLE. He is walking slowly forw down the middle of the street.
48) 5) text: Rocklin -- CAMERA MOVING WITH him as he comes slowly and  steadily forward.
51) 1) text: Rocklin -- SHOOTING PAST George, whose hands are on his g butts. Rocklin's thumbs are hooked in his belt as he cont slowly forward, his eyes fixed on George's.
51) 2) dialog: (quietly) Draw a gun and I'll kill you.
54) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- Rocklin and crowd as they swirl around him  offering congratulations. Dave pushes his way through the crowd and thumps Rocklin on the back in wild enthusiasm. the same time, the sound of a horse cantering is heard, a Jackson comes into shot.
54) 2) dialog: I just laid a gun barrel over the  head of a drunk friend of yours --  same as you did over Dave's here  yesterday.
54) 5) dialog: (calmly) You're a liar!
54) 8) text: The crowd which has been following now begins to razz him openly. He turns and glares, but without effect. He gives final shout to Rocklin.
54) 11) text: as Miss Martin comes along the street, determinedly, foll by Clara, until she is face to face with Rocklin outside stage office where Arly and Juan are mounted ready to mov off.
54) 13) dialog: Yes, ma'am. As hard as I could.
54) 17) text: She takes Clara by the arm and sweeps past them towards t hotel. Rocklin looks after them with a grim expression an then up at Arly, who has been listening intently. She ret his look steadily for a second. Then, with a mocking smil she wheels the mare and canters out of shot, followed by  Juan. He looks after her for a second; then with the same grim look, enters Harolday's office.
55) 0) text: Harolday is standing at the window, looking toward the do having seen Rocklin approaching. The door opens and Rockl enters and resumes his conversation as though it were har interrupted.
55) 1) dialog: -- Now what was that you were sayin'  about Caldwell?
55) 3) dialog: (trying to get  information) Fight? Who?
55) 5) dialog: You mean, he quit on him?
55) 7) dialog: Got any ideas?
55) 9) text: Rocklin realizes that maybe Harolday is trying to throw a curve -- trying to get him to talk.
55) 10) dialog: Say -- it don't sound as if it's  goin' to be too easy for them wimmen  at the K.C.
55) 12) dialog: No, sir. And I ain't jumping at this  offer o' yours either because I don't  hold with working for wimmen.
55) 14) dialog: (measuring) -- I like workin' that way.
56) 2) text: During Dave's speech Rocklin has come from the Sun-up car his valise. He pauses a moment, looking around. Dave sees him.
56) 4) text: He hurries across the street toward Rocklin.
57) 0) text: On Rocklin just stepping off the curb. Dave comes in to h
57) 2) dialog: I'm riding for the Topaz Ranch.
57) 5) dialog: Good money -- sixty a month
57) 7) text: Rocklin gives Dave a quizzical look, which Dave mistakes weakening.
57) 11) text: Dave and Rocklin have reached middle of the street. Pap  Fossler's voice comes again from o.s.
57) 13) text: Dave reacts with a squint in Pap's direction. He runs out toward Pap, but would rather stay with Rocklin. THE CAMER FOLLOWS Rocklin ACROSS the street To the stage office, wh see Arly and Tala sitting on their horses apparently wait for Rocklin. A third horse is standing by with Rocklin's  saddle on it. Rocklin, upon reaching the front of the stage office, pau a moment, to look over the horse carrying his saddle --  glances up to Arly.
57) 14) dialog: Be right with you.
58) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- as Rocklin, Arly and Juan canter along a dir road over open country with the mountain ranges in the  distance. CAMERA PANS to show a buggy on the road ahead, approachin wooded dell where the road divides.
58) 2) text: Arly, Juan and Rocklin, with Miss Martin in F.g. The latt scowls and looks quickly to her front as the riders draw  level with the buggy, Rocklin coining to the right, along Clara.
58) 4) dialog: Reckon it is pretty nice. So you're  moving in on the "K.C." eh?
58) 6) text: with Miss Martin in f.g. and SHOOTING OVER her shoulder t include Clara and Rocklin.
58) 9) dialog: Sorry if I butted in, ma'am. Jest  passing the time o'day.
58) 11) text: Rocklin looks quickly in the same direction.
58) 12) text: from Rocklin's ANGLE, with Arly and Juan at the fork in t road. They are looking back towards the buggy which has t the lower road to the right of the copse.
58) 13) text: with Arly and Juan in f.g. and the buggy in the distance. Rocklin raises his hat to the women in the buggy and cant back to Arly, who has been watching with a peculiar  expression.
58) 15) dialog: (cheerfully) Nope.
58) 16) text: She looks at him angrily for a second as if about to say  something sarcastic. Then, repressing herself, she wheels her horse and canters off along the side of the copse. Ro throws an amused glance, at Juan, who has been watching w an enigmatic expression. He returns Rocklin's look with a stern, menacing frown. Then, with a gentle flick of the r he urges his horse after Arly. Completely baffled, Rockli scratches his head for a second, then follows.
59) 2) text: Before Rocklin can speak, she runs quickly up the steps o the verandah and disappears into the house. Leading Arly' Horse, Juan moves out of shot to the left of the ranch ho and Rocklin follows.
60) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- as Juan comes into shot leading the mare,  followed by Rocklin. They both dismount and begin to off- saddle.
60) 1) dialog: How far is the line-camp at Table- Top?
60) 3) dialog: I'm moving out there first thing in  the morning. (as Juan turns and  stares) Boss' orders. Care to show me the  way?
61) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- as Rocklin and Juan ride out from the ranch  through the early morning mist and turn off in the direct of the distant line of mountains.
62) 1) text: as Juan pulls up and dismounts, followed by Rocklin.
62) 3) dialog: (challenging, but  perfectly friendly) Senor Romerez, it appears that you  do not like me.
62) 4) text: For a second Juan does not reply. Then, as he speaks, he  takes a tobacco pouch from his pocket. Rocklin, his mind other things, does not take particular notice of the pouc but we cannot help notice the pouch ornament -- a steer's head of hammered silver.
62) 6) dialog: Why?
62) 8) text: Rocklin shakes his head. Juan, having spilled tobacco in paper, now puts away the pouch and rolls his own.
63) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- as Rocklin forces his horse up the last few  feet of the steep trail at the top of the canyon, and pul up at the top of the rise with a look of amazement.
69) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT on a soiled and wrinkled envelope lying on a t It is addressed to: Mr. Rocklin c/o Santee Ranch
69) 1) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK and Rocklin is revealed at the tabl looking down at the letter. His hat is tipped back on his head, and his sleeves are rolled up. He is mixing dough i bowl sitting on the table near the letter, and his hands all gooey. Dave is discovered in front of the fireplace w his outer shirt and socks are drying. It is dark outside, but the storm has abated. Rocklin goes to a shelf near th fireplace to get a pan.
69) 3) dialog: No funnier than you sloggin' through  it, just to deliver a letter from a  woman.
69) 5) text: Dave watches Rocklin at the table shaping the dough for  biscuits and putting it in the pan.
69) 7) text: Rocklin cannot help smiling a bit at the way Dave include himself in.
69) 8) dialog: Thought I'd wait till mornin' --  might be bad news an' I wouldn't be  able to sleep.
69) 9) text: Dave screws up his face in utter disgust and turns his  attention to his drying clothes. Rocklin, meanwhile, takes a flour sack from the table, wi the dough from his hands and picks up the letter. He goes over to the fireplace, opening the letter the while, and  sits on the bench. Dave, seeing this, edges discreetly ar in back of Rocklin in order to see over his shoulder. The letter open, Rocklin takes out a roll of bills along  with the folded message. He lays the envelope on the benc
69) 11) text: Rocklin places the money in his shirt pocket for the mome and opens the folded message. LETTER. It begins with the usual Dear Mr. Rocklin. Rocklin's voice is heard over the insert as he reads from here.
69) 15) dialog: (continues to read) I am desperately in need of help and  advice from someone whom I feel I  can trust, and I am appealing to  you, because I regard you in the  same way my Uncle surely must have.  I heartily dislike and distrust Judge  Garvey --
69) 17) dialog: (going on) But my Aunt seems to have suddenly  revised her opinion of him, and now  wants me to place all my affairs in  the Judge's hands and return east.  Such is certainly not my wish.
69) 19) text: Rocklin glares up to Dave.
69) 21) dialog: (continues reading) I wanted so much to give ranch life  a trial, but fear circumstances are  against me, especially in view of  the recent Indian trouble --
69) 23) dialog: (caustically) You want to hear the rest of this?
69) 25) dialog: (reading) I want to apologize for what took  place this afternoon. And I am  returning the 150, because I feel it  is rightfully yours. You must take  it. Faithfully yours, Clara Caldwell.
69) 26) text: The letter finished, Rocklin regards it a moment, then sl returns it to the envelope as he gazes thoughtfully into fire. Dave meantime straightens up -- scratches his shaggy top, and turns his attention once more to his drying clothes.
69) 28) text: Rocklin continues looking into the fire as he lays the le back on the bench and takes out tobacco to roll a cigaret
69) 29) dialog: Somebody's sure bustin' to get her  out of there.
69) 30) text: Dave sits alongside Rocklin and begins putting on his soc
69) 32) dialog: (after a pause) Wonder why the old lady's playin'  along?
69) 34) dialog: Too nice for this country.
69) 36) text: Rocklin has been mulling things over.
69) 37) dialog: Don't know how I could help her --  even if I wanted to -- I don't know  any thing about this Garvey -- or  Caldwell -- or --
69) 39) dialog: You must have known him pretty well --  What kind of a man was he?
69) 40) text: Rocklin goes to the table and resumes molding biscuits. Dave has his boots on and is putting on his outer shirt.
69) 42) dialog: (casually, as he busies  himself with the  biscuits) Was the Judge and Red friends?
69) 44) dialog: Red was a gambler, eh?
69) 46) dialog: (after a side glance  to Dave) Anything ever happen to make you  think they weren't?
69) 48) dialog: (with a slight smile) Think you can trust me?
69) 51) text: In the pause Rocklin remains silent.
69) 53) dialog: Marked cards.
69) 55) dialog: Whose was it?
69) 57) dialog: That's when they got him.
69) 59) dialog: How come you never told this before?
69) 61) dialog: How about what's his name -- Harolday? --  He's no friend of the Judge's, is  he?
69) 63) dialog: (after a pause) Even if it was Garvey Red was talkin'  about -- it don't follow that he  killed him.
69) 65) dialog: Why would rustlers take the evidence  Caldwell had with him?
69) 66) text: Rocklin moves away to a large earthen jug holding water a Dave talks.
69) 68) dialog: (drinking) Funny tho' -- first the K.C. foreman --  then Caldwell -- an' now these women.
69) 70) dialog: (slowly, to himself) I'm not so sure somebody hasn't tried  already -- (to Dave) Remember, when we stopped to change  horses on the way Over from Garden  City --
69) 72) dialog: (nods) Yeah. Like they wanted to be sure  he'd keep his mouth shut about  something.
70) 2) dialog: (nods) It was almost as if --
70) 3) text: A shot splinters the windowpane and shatters the earthen on the shelf directly above Dave's head. The contents pou down on Dave and he topples over. Rocklin meanwhile has w the lantern off the table and ducked. They are both on th floor in the faint glow coming from the fireplace.
70) 4) dialog: (going to Dave) You all right?
70) 6) text: Rocklin takes off his hat and puts his finger through two holes drilled by the bullet.
70) 7) dialog: Lookit that --
70) 9) text: Rocklin puts the hat aside -- crawls over to his gun belt straps it on.
70) 10) dialog: Come on --
71) 0) text: Rocklin and Dave stand close to the cabin, just clear of door, tensely scanning the surrounding darkness. Water can be heard dripping from the cabin roof, and an o hoots in a near-by tree. The sound of neighing horses comes from the direction of corral. Both men re-act.
71) 3) dialog: That's not your team.
71) 8) dialog: No use -- he's gone.
71) 10) text: He starts through the wet grass alone. Rocklin turns back toward the cabin.
72) 0) text: Rocklin has reached the entrance unheard, and silently wa the strange figure, its back to him, now headed for the  fireplace with his saddlebag, taken from the bunk. He see the intruder start emptying his saddlebag on the bench in the light of the fire. He sees him suddenly stop and pick something hidden from his view. At that instant, Rocklin slams the door shut. The intruder whirls around. It is Arly -- tense -- and now defiant. The two regard each other like vicious animals in the sam cage. Arly's heart is pounding, but you would never know And now Rocklin, his gun away, starts closing in, slowly but Arly holds her ground -- her eyes never leaving his. When Rocklin reaches Arly, he takes her one hand from beh her back, and slowly forcing it up sees what is obviously Clara's letter in her tightly clenched fist. He tries to  open her hand, and Arly, knowing she lacks the strength t prevent it, suddenly whips out a knife with her free hand But that quick, Rocklin grabs the knife hand, and without any apparent effort, wrenches it free of her grasp and to it across the room, where it lands on the bunk. Arly rela her grip on the letter meanwhile, and Rocklin gets it, an tears it very deliberately, letting the pieces fall at he feet. He turns his back on her now, going over to his hat on th floor. Arly is furious in her helplessness and humiliation. And  Rocklin's smug manner isn't helping any. He picks up his and, glancing at Arly, puts his finger once more through bullet holes.
72) 1) dialog: (smiling wryly) Not bad shootin'.
72) 3) dialog: Sure -- to draw us away from here. (looks at his hat) You know, you cut it mighty close --  Good thing I ain't got brains enough  to fill it.
72) 4) text: Rocklin puts his hat on. He sees Arly looking down at the torn letter.
72) 5) dialog: (suppressing smile) Too bad you had to come 'way up here  through that storm for nothin'.
72) 7) dialog: Oh -- (nods) I see.
72) 8) text: Rocklin goes toward the bunk with his saddlebag.
72) 10) dialog: Mind if I wait for Dave? He ought to  be along any minute -- Be funny if  he winged that shadow of yours.
72) 12) dialog: (mildly surprised) You came up alone?
72) 14) dialog: (half believing her) Then who was that we took out after?
72) 16) text: Rocklin sits on the bunk and casually picks up Arly's kni
72) 17) dialog: Who was he?
72) 19) dialog: You mean you won't tell.
72) 21) text: That last from Arly brings a kind of smile to Rocklin's f a smile that says in effect -- "Are you kidding?" He gets from the bunk to go to the door, and finding himself stil holding Arly's knife, throws it back to her in a seemingl casual manner. It passes too close to Arly for comfort an Rocklin just opening the door, gets the knife right back that close to his ear he feels the breeze. He looks at it quivering in the door. Then, moving to Arly in what could construed as a threatening manner, he takes her in his ar and kisses her. Arly is caught completely unaware. Rockli action disarms her. But it is, after all, what she really wants, so before the kiss ends, Arly's arms slowly entwin themselves around Rocklin's neck. In the middle of the ki Rocklin gently but forcefully takes her arms from around neck and puts her from him.
72) 22) dialog: I guess you forgot -- you jes' fired  me.
72) 24) dialog: (turning near the  open door) So long.
72) 30) dialog: (slowly to Dave) You guess --
72) 31) text: Rocklin gives Arly a disparaging side glance and starts o
72) 32) dialog: (to Dave, who is trying  to figure things out) Come on.
73) 0) text: Rocklin is headed for the corral as Dave catches up to hi
75) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- of Rocklin as he comes riding into town. As nears the corner where the stage and Harolday's office is situated, the CAMERA MOVES IN, getting Rocklin and one of the Harolday employees repairing the wooden sidewalk near the hitching rail.
75) 1) dialog: (as he dismounts) You work for Harolday?
75) 3) dialog: Here's one of his horses -- I'll  pick up my saddle later.
76) 0) text: PANNING SHOT on Harolday as he sits at the desk working o ledger. The sound of a door opening is heard. Harolday lo up casually as if expecting a customer, then suddenly gap CAMERA PANS to include doorway in which stands Rocklin.
76) 1) dialog: Howdy...
76) 3) dialog: That's right.
76) 5) dialog: (taking off his hat) Well, this, for one thing.
76) 8) text: Rocklin looks at him with a queer expression without repl
76) 10) dialog: (slowly) I been figgerin'. Don't seem  reasonable Clews was in condition to  take that sort of chance alone...  Besides -- how could he have known I  was up there -- that soon. And --  George Clews ain't the only one I've  run contrariwise to in this town.  There's that Mexican, for instance.
76) 12) dialog: He as good as told me yesterday that  him and me was due for a run-in one  of those days. (suddenly nodding  toward window) And then there's him!
79) 0) text: MED. SHOT on door of inner office with Harolday at desk i f.g. As the door opens it conceals Rocklin from Clint.
79) 2) dialog: (slowly) Was what?
79) 5) text: Clint looks quickly at Harolday and back at Rocklin with  frightened eyes.
79) 7) text: Rocklin makes no reply.
79) 9) dialog: (after a pause) All right. I believe you. But that  don't mean you couldn't tell a thing  or two as would help -- if you wanted.
79) 12) dialog: This for one.
79) 14) dialog: Ever seen it before?
79) 16) text: group, with Rocklin and Harolday both watching Clint inte
79) 19) text: Rocklin's disdainful smile takes the speech out of Clint, who just sort of runs out of words. Rocklin hesitates for second then moves toward the door.
79) 20) text: Harolday and Clint are at window looking past camera towa the street. They see Rocklin carrying his saddle, walking toward the Sun-Up. Shorty Davis hails Rocklin, says somet to him and points to the Sun-Up. Rocklin leaves, walking  faster.
80) 0) text: Rocklin comes down the hall carrying his saddle and looki at the room numbers. As he nears the f.g. he locates the  room he is looking for (it is a room facing toward the re of the Sun-Up). He knocks. Almost immediately the door op and Clara stands there -- flushed and embarrassed.
81) 0) text: This is the room in which Clara has arranged to meet Rock who later takes it as his own. SHOT at door as Rocklin steps into the room.
81) 2) dialog: (putting his saddle,  etc., aside) Just got in.
81) 4) dialog: You got trouble, eh?
81) 6) dialog: You haven't signed everything over  to that Garvey, have you?
81) 8) dialog: Got anything to prove you're not  underage?
81) 10) dialog: S'pose we could get it?
81) 12) dialog: (starts for door) Wait here.
81) 14) text: Rocklin notes her confusion. He regards her with a slight sympathetic smile. Then opens the door and exits.
82) 9) text: The door opens and Rocklin enters. Miss Martin, who has b pacing nervously, stops in her tracks. Garvey, taken  completely by surprise, feigns an affected casualness. Ro eyes them both suspiciously as he slowly closes the door.
82) 11) dialog: (coldly) That's right.
82) 12) text: It is quite obvious to Garvey that Rocklin is here on  business. He turns to Miss Martin.
82) 14) text: Miss Martin is in accord with that suggestion, and after  giving Rocklin the frigid eye, flounces out, slamming the door. Garvey shakes his head, wipes his brow, and is returning his desk.
83) 0) text: SHOT -- door to Garvey's office. Miss Martin has her ear  glued to the panels. Over scene comes Rocklin's voice.
84) 0) text: SHOT -- Garvey and Rocklin.
84) 2) dialog: That's right -- the one Miss  Caldwell's aunt wrote from out east  sayin' she was of age. Remember?
86) 0) text: Rocklin goes to the filing cabinet where he opens the dra marked "C." As he fingers through the papers, Garvey sits back in his chair, watching.
86) 2) dialog: My only interest is getting' it.
86) 4) text: Rocklin pulls open the "M" drawer.
86) 6) text: Not finding the letter in the "M" drawer, Rocklin goes to the desk and pulls the handle of one of the drawers. It i locked.
86) 7) dialog: Open up.
86) 9) dialog: (grimly) I'd like to make up my own mind about  that.
86) 11) text: Garvey unlocks the drawer and opens it. It is found to co nothing but two brand new decks of playing cards. The UNOPENED DECKS OF CARDS. BACK TO SCENE. Garvey seems a little too anxious to close the drawer, and before he can do so, Rocklin has one hand inside. Garvey, checked for a second, looks up at Rocklin
86) 13) text: Rocklin slowly withdraws his hand, holding one of the dec
86) 14) dialog: These cards --
86) 16) dialog: Depends on what kind they are --  'specially when they're under lock  and key.
86) 17) text: The two regard each other silently a moment. Now Rocklin  casually slips the deck he holds into his pocket.
86) 19) dialog: That's right.
86) 22) dialog: (soberly) You're the one who better start  lookin' -- lookin' for a way out for  killin' Red Caldwell.
86) 24) dialog: (takes up one of the  decks of cards) He found out about these -- and you  went and killed him.
86) 26) dialog: I will until I hear a better one. (puts deck he holds,  in his pocket) I'll just take this along -- the  district judge at Garden City should  be mighty interested.
86) 27) text: He starts around the desk toward the door. From the corne of his eye he catches Garvey reaching for a gun in the mi drawer. Before he can raise it, Rocklin is on him with a  blow that sends Garvey reeling back toward the stove. Rocklin starts for the door again, and just misses being  struck by a chair which Garvey hurls with vicious fury. T chair crashes against a window.
90) 0) text: It is pretty well wrecked. Rocklin has Garvey just about  done in. He gives him one final Sunday punch and Garvey g down and stays down. At that moment, Dave and Pap Fossler enter followed by other curious natives.
91) 0) text: Rocklin and Dave as they walk from Garvey's office. Dave a time hopping along against Rocklin's strides.
91) 2) dialog: (staring straight  ahead) No -- but get hold of Clint Harolday.
91) 4) dialog: Can't say for sure -- Bring him to  the Sun-Up, and don't take no for an  answer.
91) 5) text: Dave leaves and exits from shot in the direction of the s office. Rocklin goes off toward the Sun-Up.
92) 0) text: PANNING SHOT. Juan is lounging against the corner of the  building, soberly watching Rocklin's approach. As Rocklin comes into the scene he spots Juan, and stops a moment as though deciding whether or not to question him. During th Juan casually takes his ornamental tobacco pouch from his pocket and begins to roll a cigarette. The CAMERA PANS Rocklin to the side of the building and u the outer stairs.
93) 0) text: Rocklin comes through the door and down the hall. He reac his room, and is about to open the door when he hears a  familiar voice inside. He listens.
93) 2) text: Rocklin frowns and enters.
94) 0) text: Rocklin steps into the room, holding the door partly open he focuses his attention on Arly. Clara, who has been sit in the rocker near the window, gets up and is the first t speak.
94) 2) text: Rocklin closes the door.
94) 3) dialog: No -- but I don't think it's gonna  matter much -- you go on back to the  K.C. and I'll be out in the mornin'  and take you with me to Garden City  to see the district judge.
94) 5) dialog: No trouble at all -- I'm going anyway.
94) 7) dialog: (soberly) What are you doin' here?
94) 9) dialog: (his eyes narrowing) What about, you an' me?
94) 11) dialog: (turning quickly from  Arly) Just a minute -- (glances at Arly) What all has she been tellin' you?
94) 14) dialog: Deny what?
94) 16) dialog: Well -- why should I deny it?...
94) 18) dialog: (this is getting a  bit thick for him) Make love to you --
94) 20) dialog: Did you expect me to deny that, too?
94) 22) dialog: (to Clara) Now, maybe you ought to hear what  I've got to say --
94) 25) dialog: (in the pause he looks  at Arly) You little --
94) 27) dialog: If there wasn't a lady here, I'd do  more to you than swear.
94) 29) text: Clara can say no more without breaking. So she turns away quickly and hurries out the door. Rocklin does a slow bur as he glares at Arly.
94) 31) text: Rocklin makes no reply.
94) 34) dialog: You might's well know right now that  you or no woman is ever goin' to get  me.
94) 36) dialog: Don't you?
94) 38) dialog: I know there ain't a dirty trick you  wouldn't play to get what you want.
94) 40) text: She takes a folded piece of paper out of her pocket and d it on the dresser as Rocklin watches her.
94) 42) text: The door closes. Rocklin stands a moment. Now curiosity b him to the dresser where he takes up the paper and unfold it. CLARA'S LETTER. The torn pieces have all been sorted and  pasted together on a sheet of paper BACK TO SCENE. Rocklin holds the letter. He is mad. He sh his head -- What a gal --- Now he is almost smiling -- al He folds the letter -- puts it in his pocket. Takes off h gun-belt and hangs it over the rocker near the window, an stretches out on the bed, as we
98) 0) text: The office has been more or less cleaned up since the fig Garvey is discovered near the window. He has cleaned hims up but bears some evidence of the fight. He is reading a  letter as Sammy, the K.C. China-boy, stands waiting near door. LETTER. The message is written in the same bold hand of M Martin already seen in the previous letter: Mr. Garvey, I have just learned that despicable Rocklin person intend to take Clara to Garden City in the morning -- evidently have you investigated. I thought you had better know abou it. E.M. BACK TO SCENE. Garvey puts the message in his pocket as h addresses Sammy.
99) 0) text: On Rocklin, stretched across the bed, examining the cards the light of a lamp.
100) 0) text: Garvey comes from around the building's corner and peers  furtively through the darkness toward the lighted windows Rocklin's room.
103) 0) text: PANNING SHOT on Rocklin asleep. He is fully dressed, as w last saw him, with the exception of his boots. He is stre full length on top of the covers. His gun-belt still hang over the rocker, close to the open window. A knock on the door brings him to a sitting position.
103) 1) dialog: Come in --
103) 4) dialog: Sit down, Clint. (to Dave, as he reaches  into his pocket) How about goin' down below an' havin'  one on me?
103) 5) text: He tosses Dave a coin, who catches it. Then Rocklin puts his boots.
103) 9) dialog: (calmly, as he stands  up) It ain't gonna do you any good to  get all het up and tough, kid --
103) 10) text: Rocklin begins rolling a cigarette as he moves toward Cli
103) 11) dialog: I just want to ask you a few questions --  that's all.
105) 0) text: Rocklin finishes rolling his cigarette and lights it.
105) 2) dialog: (calmly) Forget it -- that's not what I want  to talk to you about, anyway.
106) 0) text: The mysterious form has moved past the darkened windows a the verandah and is nearing Rocklin's lighted room -- sto close to the open window.
107) 0) text: SHOT -- Rocklin and Clint.
107) 1) dialog: Clint -- I want you to tell me why  Garvey murdered Red Caldwell --
107) 3) dialog: You know -- don't you?
107) 5) dialog: Oh yes you do. (advancing on him) And you're going to tell me all about  it.
107) 7) text: Rocklin slaps Clint's face open-handed, throwing him off  balance, then grabs him by the shirt front.
107) 8) dialog: Talk!
107) 10) dialog: (hitting him again) Talk!
107) 11) text: Completely terrified, Clint opens his mouth as if about t speak. Suddenly he sees something out of the shot over  Rocklin's shoulder and his expression changes. Rocklin lo quickly in the same direction.
107) 12) text: window. A gloved hand has come out of the dark and is rea through the window for Rocklin's gun in the belt which is hanging over the chair.
107) 13) text: Clint and Rocklin. The latter is still looking toward the window. With a swift movement Clint picks up the water ju from the washstand and brings it down on Rocklin's head. Rocklin falls out of shot, Clint turns to the window with triumphant smile. Suddenly his expression changes.
109) 0) text: Rocklin is on the floor, groggy. He shakes his head, and his senses return, he picks up the gun and just gets to h feet as Dave rushes in. Dave sees Clint's body on the floor -- notices the gun in Rocklin's hand. He opens his mouth to speak but nothing c out. All he can do is stare and grimace. The sound of hur feet comes from the hall, and presently the mob closes in crowding the room and the hall. Pap Fossler, who has been one of the first to enter, knee over Clint. During this, there are general ad libs from the crowd.
109) 14) text: Rocklin, still holding his gun as he stares down at Clint body o.s. Now he studies the faces of the mob.
109) 19) text: He stops abruptly as he sees Clint's body. Now he levels eyes on Rocklin.
109) 21) dialog: Just a minute, now --
109) 23) dialog: (to the crowd,  generally) I know it looks bad -- but I didn't  kill the kid.
109) 24) text: The crowd stares in skeptical silence. Even Dave thinks  Rocklin is lying, and now does his best to protect his fr
109) 26) dialog: (cutting in) No it wasn't -- It was right in my  hand -- like it is now.
109) 29) dialog: I don't know -- (looks at garvey) But I'm going to find out.
110) 0) text: Harolday, followed by Shorty Davis, is making his way dow the hall from the inner stair landing. As he nears the cr gathered at Rocklin's door, Juan comes into view down the hall, having just entered through the door leading out on the verandah.
111) 1) text: Harolday, as he sees Clint's body and stops dead in horro He turns to Rocklin.
111) 3) dialog: I didn't do it, Mr. Harolday.
111) 7) text: Rocklin gives Garvey a hard, slow look.
111) 9) dialog: He's right.
111) 11) dialog: Yeah -- but that still don't say I  killed him.
111) 15) text: with Rocklin in f.g.
111) 16) dialog: I didn't.
111) 19) dialog: That's right.
111) 21) dialog: (slowly) Clint and me was having a bit of an  argument.
111) 23) dialog: (searching for words) About whether he was going to help  clear up a few things that's been  bothering me and some others 'round  these parts. (looking at Garvey) For instance -- who it was shot Red  Caldwell.
111) 25) dialog: (still at Garvey) And the K.C. foreman. And who took  that shot at me up at Table-Top last  night. And why certain people are so  anxious to get rid of the Caldwell  girl.
111) 29) text: He makes a tentative movement toward Rocklin but Arly  intervenes.
111) 31) dialog: Well -- Clint was getting' all set  to talk, when -- somebody snuck up  along the verandah there and pulled  the gun out o' my belt... (indicating the belt  on chair) ... and let him have it.
111) 37) dialog: Self-defense?
111) 39) dialog: (grimly; after a little  pause) No, that wasn't it. And till I do  what I got to do, I ain't surrenderin'  to anybody -- least of all to your  pal here. (indicates sheriff) If I got to be shot for knowing too  much, it ain't going to be in the  back, in a framed-up jail-break.
111) 40) text: Arly, who has been staring at Rocklin in frowning  bewilderment.
111) 42) text: Rocklin.
111) 43) dialog: Guess they wanted to get Clint, too.  Doin' it this way they get us both.  Clint first -- an' me afterwards --  like I jus' said.
111) 46) dialog: I might be able to tell you that  later.
111) 48) dialog: (raises his gun) Am I?
111) 49) text: The crowd tenses. Rocklin eyes them grimly.
111) 50) dialog: The first one that moves -- gets it.
112) 0) text: Rocklin, as he picks himself off the ground, having dropp from the verandah. He starts quickly away.
115) 0) text: The hitching rail in front of the Sun-Up. There are a doz or so horses tied up to it and close to it is Dave's team and wagon. Rocklin comes from around the corner of the  building and races to the hitching rail.
117) 5) dialog: Headin' for the K.C.
117) 6) text: With that Rocklin starts swinging the team around.
125) 0) text: The wagon with Dave and Rocklin coming out of the night.
125) 1) text: Dave is driving the team for all it is worth. Rocklin is  looking back. He turns to Dave.
125) 2) dialog: You can ease up now.
128) 0) text: The wagon moving slowly through the cottonwoods, along th drive not far from the house. It stops now, and the CAMER MOVES CLOSER to get Dave and Rocklin as they leave the te and start stealthily toward the house seen in the moonlig in the b.g.
129) 11) text: Rocklin quickly shushes Dave.
129) 21) text: From Rocklin's expression it is quite apparent to Dave th he is right.
129) 23) dialog: 
129) 24) dialog: Get in here and take care of her.
129) 25) text: Dave scrambles through the window and hurries in pursuit Miss Martin. Rocklin is at Clara's side.
133) 0) text: Clara is talking feverishly to Rocklin.
133) 4) dialog: The Clews are around here some place --  Garvey sent 'em out.
133) 7) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK as George Clews climbs into the roo followed by Bob. They disarm both Rocklin and Dave as Cla watches helplessly, and Miss Martin struggles in her wrap
136) 12) text: George Clews picks up the unconscious Rocklin.
138) 0) text: Dave's wagon. Bob Clews is seen dumping Dave into the rea of the wagon. George Clews stands near him with Rocklin's unconscious form over his shoulder. Now he puts Rocklin i
141) 0) text: Rocklin has regained consciousness and listens.
141) 3) text: Rocklin recognizes Arly's voice. Now he raises himself up over the tailboard and falls out.
142) 0) text: The horses tied in back shy as Rocklin falls to the groun
144) 0) text: Arly is cutting the rope binding Rocklin.
144) 2) text: Rocklin gets to his feet. Arly notices something shining the ground where Rocklin lay. She picks it up. It is the  tobacco pouch with the steer's head of hammered silver.
144) 4) dialog: (taking the pouch) That belongs to the man who shot at  me on Table-Top -- Dave found it.
146) 0) text: Rocklin has come to George clew and we see him wrest the from his hand and yank George down from the wagon seat. O down, he lets him have a hard right that sends him sprawl
146) 4) text: Rocklin. There is but one thought in his enraged mind --  Clews. He tears into him again.
148) 0) text: Rocklin, Arly, Dave, Rocklin is about done in from the fi
148) 2) dialog: (as he walks to wagon) Where's the girl?
148) 4) dialog: We've got to get her.
148) 6) dialog: (to Dave) Come on --
148) 9) text: Dave runs after Rocklin.
149) 0) text: Rocklin and Dave. They are approaching the house warily.
149) 2) dialog: Anything you like.
157) 0) text: Rocklin has his ear glued to the door. He can't help but  smile at Miss Martin's reference to him. Dave is behind t curtain at the window, watching the outside. Clara is clo to Rocklin.
157) 1) dialog: (whispers) You better get back on the bed -- in  case they come in here.
159) 9) dialog: If there's anybody else in on it --  speak up, Judge.
159) 14) text: Rocklin steps away from the door, where Dave and Clara no stand. He has Garvey covered. Dave is pointing his gun, a grimacing at Miss Martin.
161) 0) text: Garvey is stepping back, in a cold sweat, toward Miss Mar as Rocklin advances toward him.
161) 1) dialog: (to Garvey, quite  casually) Talk.
161) 6) text: Garvey, Rocklin, Miss Martin. Rocklin takes the tobacco p out of his pocket.
161) 7) dialog: (to Garvey) Ever see that before?
161) 9) dialog: Tell me whose it is.
163) 1) dialog: (almost enjoying this) You seem to like to do business  through windows, Mr. Harolday.
163) 3) dialog: You're not Clint's killer, by any  chance --
163) 6) dialog: Well, now we're gettin' some place --
163) 9) text: Juan nods. Rocklin, with a sudden transition, speaks to Harolday in hard, threatening tone.
163) 10) dialog: (to Harolday) Why did you kill Caldwell?
163) 11) text: Harolday doesn't answer. He finally looks at Garvey in  desperation. Perspiration runs down Garvey's forehead.  Suddenly Harolday makes a mad dash for the door. Rocklin  shoots, but Arly pushes his arm and sends the shot wild.  Rocklin looks at her in amazement. Julio hurries out.
164) 0) text: On Harolday as he rushes madly across the clearing toward the bushes where his horse waits. The CAMERA SWINGS BACK to the porch in time to catch Juli crossing it in pursuit of Harolday. Arly and Rocklin come through the open door and stand on the porch watching.
165) 0) text: In the hall are Clara and Miss Martin, Rocklin, Arly and  Julio, Dave and Garvey. Garvey is seated and has evidentl been talking in the way of confession.
165) 2) dialog: Why did he kill Clint? An' not me?
165) 7) dialog: When he wakes up -- we'll have him  put everything on paper.
165) 14) text: He starts away down the hall, rolling up his sleeves.  Rocklin's eyes wander to Clara, who seems quite at a loss Now he moves slowly toward her. In the b.g. Arly watches  Rocklin's every move.
165) 15) dialog: I guess there's no rush for you to  get to Garden City, now --
165) 18) text: There is another short pause. Rocklin glances at Arly, an Arly assuming they want to be alone, turns and goes out t door, leaving Julio attending Garvey.
165) 20) dialog: That means you're goin' back East --  Cousin Clara?
165) 22) dialog: It's good to know where you Belong,  I reckon -- Wish I knew.
165) 24) text: Rocklin takes it -- a faint smile brushes his face. He tu now and walks out.
166) 0) text: Arly is seated on the shaft of an old wagon. The first ra of the morning sun streak through the trees across her as she smiles wistfully down at the antics of a little woodc cavorting on the ground close to her. In a moment Rocklin comes into view in the b.g. He spots Arly, who has her ba to him, and walks over. His approach frightens the woodch away, and turns Arly's head toward him. Neither has anyth to say. Now Rocklin sits beside Arly, but faces the other way.
166) 1) dialog: (after a pause) Thanks.
166) 3) dialog: Everything.
166) 6) dialog: (reflecting) It didn't start out so beautiful.
166) 8) dialog: Fer instance?
166) 10) text: There is another pause. But worlds are being said in the  language of eyes. Their heads move closer and now Rocklin arms sweep around the girl and they kiss.