23) 2) text: CAMERA PANS to show a group of poker players seated aroun table. This consists of a well-dressed, powerful-looking of about 45 (Judge Garvey), with a smooth face and an  impressive manner; a flashily-dressed young man with a we face (Clint Harolday); a tough-looking cowboy of about 35 (Ab Jenkins); a pleasant-faced storekeeper of about 50 (P Fossler); and a little man with a weather-beaten face and intensely blue eyes (Doc Riding). Watching the game are S Haynes and Shorty Davis, the former a townsman and the la a cowboy. As they all look toward the door, Cap's voice  continues.
47) 6) text: George Clews frowns. His eye catches sight of a king-size glass of beer being slid across the bar to Shorty Davis,  standing alongside him. That quick, Clews beats Shorty to the glass and hurls it at Dave, who ducks out. Cap,  anticipating trouble, brings a sawed-off shotgun up from  under the bar and now watches Clews and Shorty.
47) 7) dialog: (taps Clews) That was my beer, you know.
47) 9) text: Before Shorty can reply, Clews yanks his hat down over th little fellow's eyes, and gives him a backward shove that sends him sprawling into a corner where we leave him  struggling to get his hat off. The crowd resents this, bu doesn't dare do anything, except Cap, who holds his shotg in sight.
58) 1) text: of the buggy, showing Miss Martin riding in front, beside Shorty Davis, who is driving, and Clara with her back to driver, facing the oncoming trio. Miss Martin hears the s of the approaching horses, and looks over her shoulder.
79) 20) text: Harolday and Clint are at window looking past camera towa the street. They see Rocklin carrying his saddle, walking toward the Sun-Up. Shorty Davis hails Rocklin, says somet to him and points to the Sun-Up. Rocklin leaves, walking  faster.
108) 0) text: Lined up at the bar are Dave, Pap Fossler, Shorty Davis a a few others. Cap is in his usual place. At the poker tab are Doc Riding, Sam Haynes, Ab Jenkins and one or two oth The shot has evidently been heard, for everything seems t have stopped, and Dave and Pap Fussier are looking up tow the ceiling, as are others. Now Dave snaps back to life - gulps down his drink, and hurries toward the stairs. As h starts up, the others move slowly in the same direction.
110) 0) text: Harolday, followed by Shorty Davis, is making his way dow the hall from the inner stair landing. As he nears the cr gathered at Rocklin's door, Juan comes into view down the hall, having just entered through the door leading out on the verandah.
111) 0) text: Harolday enters, over the ad libs of the mob, followed by Shorty Davis. During the following action, Juan enters an stands near the door, silently taking in everything.