0) 2) text: line of sleeping figures, with dog in f.g. The sound of a distant train whistle is heard o.s. The dog, which up to might have been dead, opens one eye and looks past camera
1) 0) text: FULL SHOT -- with the line of men now standing on the edg of the platform looking toward camera. Train steams slowl in past camera, and stops, with a tall, wide-shouldered m of about 28 (Rocklin), dressed in new store clothes, cowb and a broad-brimmed white hat, in f. g. standing on steps day coach with a small valise and saddle in his hands. Be Rocklin a conductor.
1) 1) text: baggage car. The baggageman is standing at the open door the car with two sacks of mail. He drops them to the plat and waves to the conductor o.s. and begins to close the d of the baggage car.
16) 31) text: Rocklin has entered and moved to the fire. Miss Martin an Clara enter and stand in the doorway watching the scene a the bar. A pale-faced, dyspeptic-looking man of about 45  (Stan) comes from the kitchen and approaches them  ingratiatingly.
16) 32) dialog: Good evening, ladies. How about  something to eat?
16) 34) dialog: (leading the way toward  the partition) This way, ladies.
16) 42) text: from fireplace. Rocklin is standing in f.g. looking down the fire and making the inevitable cigarette from his poc dip. Seated at the table are Clara and Miss Martin. From  o.s. comes the sound of Zeke and Dave singing to the  phonograph record. Miss Martin glares indignantly in the  direction of the bar, obviously about to make a protest. this moment Stan comes from the kitchen with a large dish his hand which he dumps on the table.
16) 43) dialog: There you are, folks. Dig in and  help y'rselves.
16) 47) text: bar, as Stan comes from the table to Dave and Zeke.
16) 48) dialog: Supper, Dave?
16) 64) text: on kitchen door as Stan comes through with a dish of pota A man's voice is heard o.s. and he pulls up abruptly.
16) 66) text: CAMERA HAS PANNED TO include the side door next to the wi and almost opposite to the dining table. The owner of the face at the window (Bob Clews) is now standing in the doo Behind him is the man with the sheriff's badge on his dir vest (Jackson). As they come forward toward Stan, the lat shows obvious signs of nervousness.
16) 68) dialog: A friend of mine was by an' sold me  a quarter of beef.
16) 70) dialog: Hide -- What hide?
16) 73) dialog: I never had no hide stashed --
16) 75) dialog: Then it must still be there.
16) 77) dialog: I tell ya --
16) 91) dialog: (visibly worried) I tell ya I never --
16) 106) dialog: I tell ya I ain't never had any hide --
16) 108) dialog: (meekly defiant) Yes -- an' I got a bill of sale fer  it, too.
16) 111) dialog: (starts for kitchen) It's right out here.
16) 114) text: Jackson follows Stan into the kitchen. Clews moves to the fire and lunges there picking his teeth and eyeing Clara, who stirs uneasily under the man's gaze.
16) 132) text: Stan and Jackson come from the kitchen. Dave is again pic up Zeke, but seeing Stan, lets Zeke drop.
16) 146) text: They exit. Rocklin stands frowning a second, then turns t the table where Stan is making a show of clearing dishes, etc.
16) 148) dialog: (not wanting to talk  about it particularly) All right, I reckon -- (looks at Rocklin;  more confidently) I guess this bill of sale -- (indicates it in Vest  pocket) -- kinda winded him.
16) 155) dialog: (wearily) There ain't no gold here.
18) 0) text: Rocklin comes through the door and moves toward the boy, is standing looking downward into some hay. CAMERA PANS DOWN to show Dave unconscious, with a nasty c in his scalp. Rocklin kneels into the shot. Over the scen comes the sound of retreating hoofbeats.
24) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Doc Riding at the bed and Rockl beyond, standing in the connecting doorway between two  bedrooms. The latter has a face towel in his hands and ha evidently been washing up. As Dave settles down comfortab in the bed, Doc Riding closes his bag, nods to Rocklin an moves toward the second bedroom.
26) 33) text: Rocklin turns very slowly and stares at Clint. The others watch curiously. Without taking his eyes off Clint, he co forward slowly and stands looking down at him. Then,  unbuttoning the flap of his pocket, he takes out the wad bills and drops it on the table, at the same time sinking into the chair vacated by Sammy. The tension amongst the  onlookers relaxes and Clint grins at Garvey and winks  significantly.
27) 15) text: Rocklin glances inquiringly at the other players. All are dead-panned, unwilling to interfere. Rocklin looks toward Cap, who stands near him.
27) 44) text: Rocklin is standing there grimly surveying the situation. he starts down the stairs...
32) 0) text: PANNING SHOT -- including Arly and Juan mounted in front the stagecoach office, which is situated diagonally acros the street from the Sun-Up. CAMERA HOLDS ON one group standing in front of Pap Fossle store, opposite the Sun-Up.
33) 1) text: Rocklin, as he comes out of the shadow of the alleyway an stands blinking in the full sunlight. Sensing something  unusual, he looks quickly around.
33) 2) text: from Rocklin's ANGLE. CAMERA PANS OVER the groups in the  street, STOPPING ON one which includes Bob Clews. As Clew sees Rocklin, he nudges a bystander and looks toward the  stagecoach office with a grin. CAMERA PANS to include Arly and Juan.
36) 10) text: to include the bystanders. They look at Bob Clews without sympathy. He gets to his feet and stumbles back, collapsi in a chair.
47) 0) text: The place is quite full and the atmosphere is one of  expectancy despite the outward casualness of the patrons. group lolls near the window, looking toward the stage off At the door a couple of customers peer out over the swing doors. The bar supports other customers engaged in variou private conversations but all are mindful of the presence George Clews who, with his brother, Bob, stands at the ba center, morosely toying with a glass of whisky in front o him. He is quite conscious of the subtle glances of the  others, but regards them all with disdain. He downs his d and speaks his thought to Bob.
47) 6) text: George Clews frowns. His eye catches sight of a king-size glass of beer being slid across the bar to Shorty Davis,  standing alongside him. That quick, Clews beats Shorty to the glass and hurls it at Dave, who ducks out. Cap,  anticipating trouble, brings a sawed-off shotgun up from  under the bar and now watches Clews and Shorty.
48) 4) text: He steps down from the sidewalk into the street and then  stands still again.
51) 3) text: George, as he stands bewildered and open- mouthed. Rockli enters scene, suddenly whips out his gun and brings it  crashing down alongside George's head. The barrel strikes though the crown of his hat and he goes down like a pole- axed steer.
52) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- group at window. Arly gives an involun exclamation of pleasure, which she instantly checks, then she moves abruptly out of shot, followed by Juan. Harolda continues to stare frowningly out of the window.
55) 0) text: Harolday is standing at the window, looking toward the do having seen Rocklin approaching. The door opens and Rockl enters and resumes his conversation as though it were har interrupted.
57) 13) text: Dave reacts with a squint in Pap's direction. He runs out toward Pap, but would rather stay with Rocklin. THE CAMER FOLLOWS Rocklin ACROSS the street To the stage office, wh see Arly and Tala sitting on their horses apparently wait for Rocklin. A third horse is standing by with Rocklin's  saddle on it. Rocklin, upon reaching the front of the stage office, pau a moment, to look over the horse carrying his saddle --  glances up to Arly.
58) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- as Rocklin, Arly and Juan canter along a dir road over open country with the mountain ranges in the  distance. CAMERA PANS to show a buggy on the road ahead, approachin wooded dell where the road divides.
58) 13) text: with Arly and Juan in f.g. and the buggy in the distance. Rocklin raises his hat to the women in the buggy and cant back to Arly, who has been watching with a peculiar  expression.
61) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- as Rocklin and Juan ride out from the ranch  through the early morning mist and turn off in the direct of the distant line of mountains.
66) 0) text: Tala, on his horse, as seen by Arly. Over the scene comes Arly's voice calling from a distance.
66) 58) text: as Harolday comes from the verandah to his horse. Juan is standing there with the briefcase which Harolday takes wi a yank, mounts his horse and rides out. The CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE on Arly, who stands in furious  silence watching Harolday ride away.
71) 0) text: Rocklin and Dave stand close to the cabin, just clear of door, tensely scanning the surrounding darkness. Water can be heard dripping from the cabin roof, and an o hoots in a near-by tree. The sound of neighing horses comes from the direction of corral. Both men re-act.
71) 2) text: Almost immediately the neighing is repeated, but this tim from another direction entirely -- and from a distance.
72) 0) text: Rocklin has reached the entrance unheard, and silently wa the strange figure, its back to him, now headed for the  fireplace with his saddlebag, taken from the bunk. He see the intruder start emptying his saddlebag on the bench in the light of the fire. He sees him suddenly stop and pick something hidden from his view. At that instant, Rocklin slams the door shut. The intruder whirls around. It is Arly -- tense -- and now defiant. The two regard each other like vicious animals in the sam cage. Arly's heart is pounding, but you would never know And now Rocklin, his gun away, starts closing in, slowly but Arly holds her ground -- her eyes never leaving his. When Rocklin reaches Arly, he takes her one hand from beh her back, and slowly forcing it up sees what is obviously Clara's letter in her tightly clenched fist. He tries to  open her hand, and Arly, knowing she lacks the strength t prevent it, suddenly whips out a knife with her free hand But that quick, Rocklin grabs the knife hand, and without any apparent effort, wrenches it free of her grasp and to it across the room, where it lands on the bunk. Arly rela her grip on the letter meanwhile, and Rocklin gets it, an tears it very deliberately, letting the pieces fall at he feet. He turns his back on her now, going over to his hat on th floor. Arly is furious in her helplessness and humiliation. And  Rocklin's smug manner isn't helping any. He picks up his and, glancing at Arly, puts his finger once more through bullet holes.
74) 0) text: Arly, her back to us, is standing in the open doorway wat the two headed for the corral. Her mood is evidenced by the manner in which she suddenly slams shut the door. As she turns and leans against it, w see tears in her eyes, and hear suppressed sobs. Her eyes light on the bits of torn letter, and presently we see he face set itself grimly, and now she walks toward the fire and, passing the torn bite of paper, kicks at them viciou
76) 0) text: PANNING SHOT on Harolday as he sits at the desk working o ledger. The sound of a door opening is heard. Harolday lo up casually as if expecting a customer, then suddenly gap CAMERA PANS to include doorway in which stands Rocklin.
80) 0) text: Rocklin comes down the hall carrying his saddle and looki at the room numbers. As he nears the f.g. he locates the  room he is looking for (it is a room facing toward the re of the Sun-Up). He knocks. Almost immediately the door op and Clara stands there -- flushed and embarrassed.
94) 42) text: The door closes. Rocklin stands a moment. Now curiosity b him to the dresser where he takes up the paper and unfold it. CLARA'S LETTER. The torn pieces have all been sorted and  pasted together on a sheet of paper BACK TO SCENE. Rocklin holds the letter. He is mad. He sh his head -- What a gal --- Now he is almost smiling -- al He folds the letter -- puts it in his pocket. Takes off h gun-belt and hangs it over the rocker near the window, an stretches out on the bed, as we
98) 0) text: The office has been more or less cleaned up since the fig Garvey is discovered near the window. He has cleaned hims up but bears some evidence of the fight. He is reading a  letter as Sammy, the K.C. China-boy, stands waiting near door. LETTER. The message is written in the same bold hand of M Martin already seen in the previous letter: Mr. Garvey, I have just learned that despicable Rocklin person intend to take Clara to Garden City in the morning -- evidently have you investigated. I thought you had better know abou it. E.M. BACK TO SCENE. Garvey puts the message in his pocket as h addresses Sammy.
107) 13) text: Clint and Rocklin. The latter is still looking toward the window. With a swift movement Clint picks up the water ju from the washstand and brings it down on Rocklin's head. Rocklin falls out of shot, Clint turns to the window with triumphant smile. Suddenly his expression changes.
111) 0) text: Harolday enters, over the ad libs of the mob, followed by Shorty Davis. During the following action, Juan enters an stands near the door, silently taking in everything.
117) 1) text: Dave, half standing as he urges his team on. Behind him a the closed flaps of the wagon top.
118) 2) text: Sammy points o.s. -- Miss Martin looks and freezes. As she moves down the hall, the CAMERA PANS WITH her unti it gets two men standing near the entrance door. Now the CAMERA MOVES IN TO A THREE SHOT and we recognize  George Clews and his brother, Bob. Bob, his wrist bandage takes off his hat at Miss Martin's approach, and George  noticing, does likewise.
127) 0) text: The shed is a short distance from the Caldwell house. Bob Clews is standing at a corner of the shed looking o.s. Ov the scene comes the SOUND of the wagon.
138) 0) text: Dave's wagon. Bob Clews is seen dumping Dave into the rea of the wagon. George Clews stands near him with Rocklin's unconscious form over his shoulder. Now he puts Rocklin i
159) 14) text: Rocklin steps away from the door, where Dave and Clara no stand. He has Garvey covered. Dave is pointing his gun, a grimacing at Miss Martin.
164) 0) text: On Harolday as he rushes madly across the clearing toward the bushes where his horse waits. The CAMERA SWINGS BACK to the porch in time to catch Juli crossing it in pursuit of Harolday. Arly and Rocklin come through the open door and stand on the porch watching.