7) 0) text: Stark walls. Simple decor. Bookshelves packed with the according psychiatric tomes and diplomas. Miranda faces a troubled young mess of a woman, CHLOE: charismatic, deranged and forever trying to provoke. Mid-session:
7) 2) dialog: My stepfather?  No.   He's dead. (beat)
7) 5) dialog: So? There's a first time for everything.
7) 7) text: It means you're finally past the denial stage. This is good, Chloe.
7) 8) dialog: I never killed anyone who didn't deserve it.
7) 10) dialog: I should've taken care of my mother. She knew all along.    You remind me of her.
7) 15) dialog: Always so put together. Like you iron your underwear. Like your pussy is the apricot of the Promised Land and the bread of the --
7) 18) dialog: The Devil.
7) 20) dialog: He came to fuck an angel. (giggles at that)
7) 22) dialog: He grabbed me by the hair while I sucked him and usually I love that, I just do -- maybe you can tell me why I love it so much -- but not this time, he was just too rough -- As suddenly as it went out, now the POWER RETURNS.      A visibly uncomfortable Miranda checks the clock.
7) 24) dialog: Sure, Doctor. (leans in)
7) 30) dialog: You don't have to say it. She almost doesn't seem crazy when she says this. Almost. TWO ORDERLIES appear at the door. Miranda nods for them to escort Chloe. Chloe shakes their hands away from her, strides off dramatically. The princess of the asylum.
38) 0) text: DRIFTING PAST the female patients at their usual activiti Some watch TV, play dominoes, some pretend to read, some stare out blankly. Here's Chloe at a table, engaged in some sort of trivia game with a tattooed Southern redhead named JENNA:
38) 1) dialog: 
38) 7) dialog: Modalina?   Isn't that a band?
38) 10) dialog: Not bad. High potency neuroleptics starting with 'J.'
38) 12) dialog: What do you wanna bet?
38) 14) dialog: Right on the money, cowgirl. Twenty points and a soda. CAMERA FOLLOWS HER INTENT GAZE to another patient, SHELLEY (the same patient we saw earlier mid-fit) moseying across the room. Nervously takes a seat beside Miranda.
39) 11) text: That's five minutes, group one. (to Chloe's group)
40) 0) text: Miranda hangs her head under the spray and closes her eyes, trying to shut it all out. The SOUNDS slowly FADE OUT until all we have is Miranda and her RAGGED BREATHING. Chloe and Shelley, the last two out from the previous group, grab towels. Chloe winks at Miranda when she catches her staring, but Miranda is not staring at her. She is staring past her at the tile wall. More specifically at a hole in the tile where a busted water pipe pokes out. Clearly at some point there was a handle there, but now it is just a hole with a busted pipe. PUSH INTO the hole to see a perfectly-formed globule of blood emerge, following by a GURGLING sound which seems to come from deep in the bowels of the plumbing system. The blood lingers tentatively, as if unfamiliar with the laws of gravity, before tracing an upward line along the tile. The GURGLING GROWS LOUDER, CLOSER, and now more blood flows from the hole and spreads up the wall. Miranda looks away, disturbed, and now realizes she is the only one left in the showers. Panic. Shuts her eyes.
45) 36) dialog: You fucking cow giving me the evil eye, huh? Fuck you, you fuckin' voodoo witch -- ! Irene and the orderlies yank Chloe off Consuelo. Chloe ki and screams like an animal. Consuelo meekly stands up.
45) 39) dialog: You bet your goddamn fat ass I mean it, you're a witch -- !!
45) 44) dialog: Take your voodoo shit back to Cuba --
45) 47) dialog: You wanna help me? You pity me? (grabbing her crotch)
45) 48) text: Suck me. The orderlies haul Chloe off. Irene disperses the crowd. Consuelo sighs, embarrassed, wipes a bloody lip. Her manner says she just wants to get back to her duties. Excitement over, the patients resume whatever it is they were doing. Miranda stares at her bleak surroundings when something catches her eye: Pete watching her from his office window. He quickly slides the curtain shut. Odd.
68) 0) text: It takes a moment to adjust our eyes to the darkness but now we make out TWO FIGURES in the room involved in some sort of struggle. Miranda presses her face against the glass and now sees a flash of metal. Something sharp. Not a knife, but a needl And now a blur of hair yanked up by a strong arm. In the light we can make out Chloe, eyes glazed, drooling. Just for a beat, because now she is slapped down on the bed like a rag doll and the man with the needle ENTERS FRAME.
70) 0) text: Chloe on her stomach on the bed. Her pale naked skin marked with scratches and bruises. The needle is stuck in her arm, which hangs off the side. Her mouth is open but it is impossible to tell whether she is laughing or sobbing. Abruptly the man climbs on her, pulling off his T-shirt. As he discards it we see that it is yellow.
80) 17) text: Have you told anyone?   Chloe? Nothing. MIRANDA
80) 18) text: Look, Chloe -- the person who did this to you is not the devil. And if you can identify him, I'll make sure the motherfucker is arrested. Now Chloe looks at her, like something finally registers. CHLOE
80) 20) text: Do you know his name? Maybe you saw a nametag on his uniform? Think. Chloe simply stares.    Finally shakes her head. CHLOE
80) 24) text: I don't hate you. And I don't feel embarrassed. CHLOE
80) 30) text: Forget it, alright? Forget we had this conversation. Chloe abruptly grabs her arm.     Tightly.
80) 31) dialog: You know what happens next?
80) 33) dialog: The shock wears off and the guilt kicks in. And that guilt is the real motherfucker. You'll be watched 24/seven, because they're afraid you'll kill yourself. Dr. Graham will question every harmless gesture, every innocent comment, ever twitch you make and eventually -- and it's a fucking tedious 'eventually' -- you'll stop hating yourself for what you did. But what replaces that hatred is this unbearable sadness. And you don't lose that as long as you live. PUSH IN ON Miranda.     Deeply affected by Chloe's words, we --
107) 0) text: Lunch time for the female wing. An excited Shelley rushes over to a table where Chloe and Jenna are, whispers something to them. They glance at the door.
112) 0) text: THUNDER RUMBLES outside, making a tray of meds rattle. PAN UP to see Consuelo, the round black woman we might remember Chloe beating up earlier. She shakes her head.
132) 0) text: The DOOR CRASHES open and Chloe shoves the Sheriff inside. She has a gun pressed hard against his ear.
132) 5) dialog: You're very polite for a piggy. Now take off your uniform. Sheriff Ryan hesitates.      Chloe presses the gun agains him.
132) 6) dialog: Do it quick.   I won't make fun of you. The sound of the UPSTAIRS DOOR BEING THROWN OPEN makes her glance up. She trains her flashlight at the second level, stepping behind the Sheriff to use him as cover.
132) 7) dialog: Nobody better fucking move up there or I'll blow this piggy's head off! Her FLASHLIGHT BEAM searches the section. Catches the reflection of a police shield hiding behind a table.
132) 8) dialog: That means you, fucko. Up on your feet or I'll start by shooting his ear off. A beat.   Officer Turlington rises.      Slow and deliber
132) 9) dialog: (to Sheriff, sotto)
132) 12) dialog: The grownups are talking.   Don't paraphrase me.
132) 18) dialog: Dreadful timing, I'm real busy.
132) 20) dialog: Look -- let's not confuse things. I like you. But this is my only chance. (to Sheriff)
132) 23) dialog: What are my options? To grow old in this place? It's clear they will never let me go. Never. Ever.
132) 25) dialog: That's a lie! I'll never stop being sick, they'll just find something new that's wrong with me. No wonder you doctors can't help anyone -- all you have are deficit columns and stupid tests designed to point out what part of the puzzle you think we're missing!
132) 31) dialog: I'm so tired.    So goddamn tired -- Miranda walks over and embraces her.       Chloe hands he gun. And that's when the power returns. Miranda and Chloe frozen in their embrace. Sheriff Ryan on his knees. In the sudden, shocking glare of returning light, color abruptly re-enters the world and every RADIO, PHONE, FAN and MACHINE that were left on HUM TO LIFE. Miranda finds herself staring at Sheriff Ryan, bathed in the glow of the flashing red and blue lights from the cruisers outside. The image a replica of the Andrea White and Jenny Dixon visions. Peeking from his half-unbuttoned shirt is the beginning of a chest TATTOO. Miranda slowly trains the gun on the Sheriff, finally struck with the realization:
152) 2) dialog: Thank you for everything, Dr. Graham. I'll never forget all you've done for me.
152) 4) dialog: Well, I guess this is it. I hope not to see you again unless it's for coffee or something.
152) 6) dialog: You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but -- have you ever heard anything from -- ? Pete shakes his head. Chloe nods, climbs inside the cab. Pete waves as it drives off. Then he pulls out a postcard from his pocket. It has a New York City postmark.