19) 0) text: An ORDERLY unlocks the door for Pete. Through the glass pane he can see a visibly upset Miranda arguing with the head nurse: a tough as nails woman in her 50's: IRENE. ORDERLY #1
20) 1) text: Peter, what the hell is going on? Pete nods at Irene: it's okay, he'll take it from here. PETE
26) 0) text: Irene and TWO NURSE rush to Miranda's cell.      WE HEAR hysterical CRIES from inside --
36) 16) dialog: Rise and shine, ladies!
37) 0) text: Irene tries to shake Miranda awake.       An orderly and stand by.
37) 1) dialog: (shaking her)
37) 3) dialog: Rise and shine now.    Wake up. She shakes her harder. And now Miranda's EYES SHOOT OPEN and she grips Irene's arm. Hard. Like the teenage girl did.
37) 4) dialog: Easy now, it's okay. Miranda stares at her, coming back to. Starts to speak but has no voice. Clears her throat --
37) 6) dialog: And you have a session scheduled this afternoon --
37) 11) dialog: He's not even in yet, now let go my arm, honey.
37) 13) dialog: Actually I do mind. I start calling you 'doctor' and everybody else wants to be called 'doctor' --
37) 16) dialog: My job. Irene shoves the meds into Miranda's mouth --
39) 0) text: Patients undress in the bare-bones locker area. An uneasy Miranda is handed a bar of soap and towel by Irene.
39) 2) dialog: You go in last because you're special. (off Miranda's look)
39) 5) dialog: State law says we keep you ladies clean. And I'm a stickler for the law. (beat)
39) 10) dialog: (checking watch)
39) 12) text: Alright, ladies, nice and easy. The first group of bathers file out, dripping wet past Miranda, in all shapes and sizes. She registers their many scars and tattoos, like maps of troubled souls: names of men, places, religious quotes. Burn scars, cuts, needle marks. They begin to towel off as Miranda, slowly and painfully self-conscious, begins to undress in the corner. A moment later Irene nods for her to go in.
41) 9) dialog: Enough privacy for you?
41) 11) dialog: What did you do?
41) 13) dialog: What the hell did you do to yourself?! And now the other patients are curiously watching as orderlies RUSH IN to haul her away.
42) 0) text: THROUGH a glass pane we see a NURSE bandaging Miranda's arm. Parsons and Irene confer just outside the room.
42) 1) dialog: I looked away for a second. It's unacceptable, won't happen again.
42) 3) dialog: I just didn't peg her for a cutter, that's all. Parsons watches Miranda through the glass.       She can' look him in the eye.
45) 35) dialog: Hey!   Chloe! Now two ORDERLIES race past. Miranda looks over to see what the fuss is all about. Chloe is on top of an institute staff member we haven't seen before, a round black woman named CONSUELO. Punching her -- Other patients have crowded around the scuffle.
45) 43) dialog: McGrath, that's enough! The orderlies start pulling Chloe away.      Chloe spits Consuelo, full of venom.
45) 45) dialog: I said that's enough.
45) 48) text: Suck me. The orderlies haul Chloe off. Irene disperses the crowd. Consuelo sighs, embarrassed, wipes a bloody lip. Her manner says she just wants to get back to her duties. Excitement over, the patients resume whatever it is they were doing. Miranda stares at her bleak surroundings when something catches her eye: Pete watching her from his office window. He quickly slides the curtain shut. Odd.
49) 0) text: Irene escorts Miranda into the library.       A warden follows.
49) 1) dialog: How are we feeling today?
49) 3) dialog: Sorry I asked.
49) 5) dialog: Fitting right in, aren't you? The library is pretty    much empty at this hour except f the LIBRARIAN and the    odd janitor tidying up. An efficient-looking man    rises from a desk, briefcase in place, glass of water    -- this is attorney THEODORE "TEDDY" HOWARD.
49) 8) dialog: She's due back in the rec room in twenty, Counselor.
74) 0) text: TRACKING ALONG a long desk where the staff finish their morning meeting. Parsons, Pete and Irene among others. PARSONS
74) 2) text: And the night staff? IRENE
80) 0) text: Bustling with activity. The room is divided into two: large main area where the patients eat, plus a second, smaller upstairs area for the staff. BOOM DOWN to find Miranda eating at a long table. Shelley beside her, playing with her plastic fork. Jenna taps an unlit cigarette. As usual, Irene keeps watch nearby.
107) 5) dialog: She's a hero. Little Red Riding Hood put the big bad wolf in a coma. Pete nods.     Just what he needed.   The OFFICERS trade
107) 7) dialog: You ain't scared of a bunch of women now, are you, Officer? The entire cafeteria is on their feet showing their solidarity for Miranda. Chloe locks eyes with her, mouths the words "thank you." And Miranda is hauled out the side door.
108) 0) text: White. Surveillance cameras in every corner. Two separate doors with elaborate locks. High security all around. The officers undo Miranda's cuffs and excuse themselves. Pete gestures for Irene and the Orderlies to leave as well.
122) 7) dialog: Knock yourself out. Next floor up. (loudly)
127) 0) text: Sheriff Ryan makes his way through the mayhem, past Irene helping a patient, past nurse Claire cowering in a corner
131) 0) text: The patients are all assembled here. Flashlights galore. Irene and Consuelo do head counts. Guards, officers, janitors -- everybody. Irene points a finger at Jenna.
131) 4) dialog: You have really disappointed me tonight, Jenna --