1) 0) text: PUSH in on a sleeping couple in the dark. The ALARM CLOCK reads 5:59 AM. The woman's eyes open a second before the alarm beeps and turns it off. She grabs a glass of water on her bedside table and drinks it. Climbs out of bed past typical bedside photographs (wedding, vacation, etc.). This is MIRANDA GREY: 30, sharp and prettier than she knows.
2) 0) text: Miranda slides through the water. Swimming cap on, goggles. Her STEADY BREATHING takes us in and out of the water. Something unsettling about this sound. Something slightly unsettling too about her detached manner. A person on autopilot, recognizing only the water and the perfectly aligned lap stripes leading her path. Like graphic metaphors for her own conscience: flat. She emerges from the pool and self-consciously wraps herself in a towel.
3) 0) text: Miranda pays for a pair of coffees and a newspaper.
4) 0) text: Miranda's husband DOUGLAS GREY (older, a superficial analysis would suggest a father figure) serves breakfast. Miranda smiles thank you and goes back to studying a case file. He sips from his takeout coffee and reads the newspaper. A pleasant domestic scene. It's 8:00 AM.
5) 0) text: Miranda's Volvo pulls in as students amble up the steps. Doug kisses his wife and hops out. Exemplary carpoolers. Students are already chatting him up as Miranda drives off.
6) 0) text: Miranda's car at some sort of guard gate. A BUZZER lets her in. As the car drives past we read the plate on the wall:
7) 0) text: Stark walls. Simple decor. Bookshelves packed with the according psychiatric tomes and diplomas. Miranda faces a troubled young mess of a woman, CHLOE: charismatic, deranged and forever trying to provoke. Mid-session:
7) 1) dialog: This is your stepfather who came to visit you?
7) 3) text: I killed him. Miranda tries not to act surprised at this breakthrough. Responds with the even keel of a trained psychiatrist.
7) 4) dialog: That's the first time you admit it.
7) 6) dialog: (jotting this down)
7) 9) dialog: You only killed your stepfather as far as I know.
7) 14) dialog: I remind you of your mother?
7) 16) dialog: (getting her back on track)
7) 19) dialog: Alright, the Devil. Why would the Devil visit you? It's already hell in here, what would he have to gain?
7) 21) text: I'm his dirty angel. Before Miranda can analyze that one, the room LIGHTS FLIC AND DIE. Darkness. Miranda's breathing speeds up.
7) 23) dialog: That's it until Monday. Try and get some sleep tonight, okay?
7) 29) dialog: I didn't say you were crazy.
8) 0) text: Miranda locks her office, armed with paperwork. The end of another workweek. DR. PETE GRAHAM, a good ten years older and Miranda's best friend on the job, approaches.
8) 2) dialog: Dr. Graham. They walk along with the easy confidence of colleagues who not only respect each other, but enjoy each other. lot.
8) 4) dialog: (knows what's coming)
8) 7) dialog: You're not shrink appropriate and you're about to get promoted. Everybody's afraid of something.
8) 9) dialog: Yourself. At least you should be. What are you up to this weekend?
8) 14) dialog: Doug wants to look at some Real Estate up at Willow's Creek.
8) 16) dialog: He thinks it's fun.
8) 18) dialog: Chloe McGrath -- talk about trying to empty the ocean with a tea cup. She's a mess.
8) 20) dialog: Don't start with that. I already turned down the job. We're staying.
8) 23) dialog: He's stuck at a school board meeting. Parsons looks through his appointment book.
8) 28) dialog: Next Wednesday it is, Phil. He nods at her with a smile and returns to his phone call.
9) 0) text: Miranda drives off, leaving the majestic grounds behind. A GUARD waves her off. END OPENING CREDITS.
10) 0) text: Miranda slows down at the sight of colored lights up ahead. A knocked-down telephone post blocks the road. EMERGENCY VEHICLES at the scene. A patrolman waves her down.
11) 1) dialog: Anybody hurt, Sheriff?
11) 3) dialog: If you say so.
11) 5) dialog: Will do. Wouldn't want him in trouble with the authorities.
12) 0) text: Miranda drives down the curvy road toward an old bridge. Something definitely creepy about this deserted place --
13) 0) text: Miranda dials a number on her cell phone, gets the machine.
13) 1) dialog: (into phone)
13) 5) dialog: (into phone)
13) 11) dialog: Wonderful. She tosses the phone on the seat and hops out of the car.
14) 0) text: Miranda cautiously approaches the girl, who is now not moving. Just standing there. Her back to us.
14) 1) dialog: Hello?   Are you hurt?   Hello? Nothing.     As we get closer we see she is covered in bruises.     Clearly something horrible has happened to h
14) 2) dialog: Were you in an accident? Were you attacked? It's okay, I'm a doctor. (beat)
14) 3) text: My name is Miranda Grey... And now she turns. Young, seventeen tops. Busted lip, black eye. Miranda pulls off her coat, wraps it around the girl --
14) 4) dialog: You're in shock right now, that's perfectly natural. I'm going to get you to the hospital. Okay? The girl suddenly grips Miranda's arm.         Hard.
14) 5) dialog: Don't be scared. It's going to be fine. Now the girl is touching Miranda's face. Her movements desperate, smothering. Like the movements of a drowning person. Miranda tries to push the girl's hands back down.
14) 6) dialog: Hands off me, okay? Tell me your name, do you remember your name? The girl tries to speak but no words come out. Instead she produces a strained, wettish sound. Creepy as hell. And now she is prying Miranda's mouth open and she's much stronger than expected and Miranda is panicking --
14) 10) dialog: What are you doing? I'm trying to help you --?! The girl opens her own mouth wide like a snake. And as Miranda muffles a scream, blood starts leaking out of the girl's eye sockets and from wounds all over her body.
15) 0) text: Miranda wakes up in a cold sweat.         Just a bad drea beat. FAINT at first but GROWING LOUDER, we hear a REPETITIVE SOUND outside. Like an ECHO of some sort, but vaguely familiar: THWIP, THWIP, THWIP. Miranda takes a deep breath, reaches for the glass of water on her bedside table. Except... it's not there. She turns to her husband but he's not in the bed. And now she glances around the room and realizes this is not her bedroom. She climbs off the bed and walks in the dark. Trips over something. A TRAY that CLANGS LOUDLY. Her heartbeat goes haywire. She feels her way along the wall to a small opening in the door. A glass pane. She peers through the glass at the empty corridor outside, realizing what this must mean, realizing she's inside a cell. She jiggles the handle and pounds on the door, frantic --
15) 1) dialog: Hello?   Somebody help me!
19) 0) text: An ORDERLY unlocks the door for Pete. Through the glass pane he can see a visibly upset Miranda arguing with the head nurse: a tough as nails woman in her 50's: IRENE. ORDERLY #1
20) 0) text: MIRANDA
20) 2) text: How do you feel? MIRANDA
20) 3) text: How do you think I feel?    Is this a joke? Peter is half-listening to her, half-signaling to the nurse with the meds to come in. Miranda catches all of this, growing more agitated. She wears the uniform all patients wear: a white T-shirt and sweats. Her wedding ring is gone.
20) 7) dialog: What are you doing?
20) 9) dialog: I don't need to calm down.   What I need is an explanation Pete grabs the meds from the nurse. Irene and the attendant step closer to help. Miranda feels them closing in on her. Peter's tone is infuriatingly gentle:
20) 11) dialog: Why here, why not in my office? She looks at the silent faces around her. No sympathy. Or maybe too much sympathy. Either way it's unnerving.
20) 12) dialog: I don't want an anticonvulsant, at least give me Valium.
20) 15) dialog: Jesus Christ, you're gonna knock me out? Ten milligrams.
20) 17) text: Twenty. The nurse complies. Miranda stares at the meds, trying desperately to put this into some kind of perspective.
20) 18) dialog: How would you feel if you woke up in a goddamn cell, dressed like this?
20) 23) dialog: Okay.    This better be good. Pete motions for the others to leave them alone. one they file out and lock the door behind them.
21) 0) text: Miranda paces.       Alone with Pete, she is even more up
21) 2) dialog: I want to talk to my husband.
21) 4) dialog: Why would I pretend to be in any way relaxed?
21) 6) dialog: Two massive understatements. He hesitates, unsure where to begin.
21) 8) dialog: (laughs)
21) 14) dialog: Hi, my name is Miranda Grey. I'm a psychiatrist. I transferred here to the Woodward Forensic Institute a little over a year ago. My job entails dealing with a ward of schizophrenic women between the ages of eighteen and fifty-fife --
21) 16) dialog: I'm a doctor, yes? Or was medical school just an elaborate dream?
21) 18) dialog: Pete, how long have I been here?
21) 20) dialog: (barely audible)
22) 3) text: This is the first time you speak. Miranda, speechless.     Reality sinking in.
22) 4) dialog: Doug must be worried sick.   I need to call him -- Pete shakes his head emphatically.
22) 6) dialog: You're establishing my personality as fairly intellectual, you don't consider me impulsive or emotional.
22) 8) dialog: Yes, that's fair. And following this pattern of analysis, we're about to discuss a traumatic event that rendered this psychological profile useless, correct?
22) 13) dialog: You think I'm in denial. That I'm putting on a brave show -- that this is a 'cover' for some unbearable emotion I'm hiding. Why?
22) 15) dialog: I remember Friday night after work, if you say that was five days ago -- (pushing on)
22) 18) dialog: Then I drove home.
22) 20) dialog: I got home, I guess, and had dinner by myself because -- (pauses, struggling)
22) 25) dialog: But wait -- there was an accident before that, wasn't there? A girl -- she had been beaten. I took her to the hospital, right?
22) 27) dialog: No, the cops weren't there. They were back on Main Road. A knocked-down telephone post, correct? Pete nods.     Miranda is all foggy on the details:
22) 28) dialog: I saw the girl after that.   She was bleeding.
23) 0) text: A breathless Miranda wipes her face, leaving a thick streak of blood on it.
24) 0) text: Miranda shakes the puzzling images out of her head:
24) 1) dialog: Excuse me? PETE
24) 2) text: What's the last memory you have of him that night? MIRANDA
24) 6) dialog: I don't know.    I might have. PETE
24) 7) text: Who would you call? MIRANDA
24) 9) text: Were you seeing someone else that night? MIRANDA
24) 12) dialog: Of course not. She shakes her head emphatically as we:
25) 0) text: Miranda chases the disconcerting image out of her head.
25) 1) dialog: No. There was no trouble in my marriage, I don't know what -- (stops herself)
25) 3) dialog: Did something happen to Doug?
25) 5) dialog: This is preposterous.    What's wrong with Doug?
25) 7) dialog: No, he's not. Don't tell me that. Don't tell me that. (sickened)
26) 0) text: Irene and TWO NURSE rush to Miranda's cell.      WE HEAR hysterical CRIES from inside --
27) 0) text: Pete struggles to contain Miranda, who howls disparagingly. PETE
27) 1) text: It's going to be alright, Miranda. You just need to sleep. It's going to be alright -- Off Pete's nod, a nurse injects the syringe into Miranda's arm. They hold her down with great effort as she continues to cry, and we...
28) 0) text: Miranda's CAR SCREECHES to a stop and she jumps out, glances around.
29) 0) text: Graduation night. School principal Douglas Grey shakes hands with proud parents and clumsily formal students. Miranda grabs a drink from a nearby tray, bored. DOUG (re: her drink)
29) 1) text: Is that number three? MIRANDA
29) 2) text: Yes, Mr. Principal. Special occasion -- I'm celebrating how proud I am of my husband tonight. He smiles weakly at the compliment. Moves his hand towards her, in an affectionate gesture (or so Miranda thinks) but instead fixes her bra strap. Ever methodical.
30) 0) text: Miranda and a man exit the theater.    Giggling.
32) 0) text: A flustered Miranda fumbles with her purse and keys, heads for the door. She tries to fix her smeared lipstick and messed-up hair. TURNS TO CAMERA: MIRANDA
32) 3) dialog: Don't. PETE
32) 4) text: I'm sorry. That was out of line. I feel like a school kid hiding from the Principal. MIRANDA
32) 6) text: I would just like to spend some time together. MIRANDA
32) 9) dialog: I have to go.    I need time to think.
32) 14) dialog: Not yet.   But I want to.
34) 0) text: Miranda and Doug laugh at their wedding. It's clearly hot, because she wipes sweat off his brow with a handkerchief.
35) 0) text: A breathless Miranda wipes her face, leaving a thick streak of blood on it. She looks down at her hand, noticing the blood -- and now we are back in --
36) 0) text: Miranda wakes up with a start. The darkness renders the room almost void of any color. Monochromatic. It takes her a moment to orient herself. Her eyes wander across the unfamiliar room, feeling like she's being watched. We become aware of a RAGGED BREATHING sound. Like somebody is standing over her bed. But we don't see anything. Miranda gingerly crosses to the door and peeks through the glass partition into the empty corridor. She glances back at the room, stills seeing nothing -- and bangs on the door.
36) 4) dialog: Can I get some assistance here? Hello?! She waits.     Bangs on the door again.
36) 5) dialog: Irene?!   Anybody!? A beat. And now finally we hear FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING. A light is switched on down the corridor. The FOOTSTEPS get CLOSER... and CLOSER... Miranda tries to appear composed. Wipes sweat off her forehead. Fixes her hair. The FOOTSTEPS now STOP right out side the door. A KEY goes into the lock and JIGGLES it. Miranda waits for the door to open but nothing happens. Confused, she steps up to the glass partition and peeks -- The second her face touches the glass, she is met by a pair of piercing eyes. The eerie teenage girl. Miranda jumps back, screams. And when she looks up again, the image is gone.      A be Rational thought kicking in --
36) 6) dialog: (to self)
36) 9) dialog: I'm just dreaming. And now, FAINTLY at first, but GROWING LOUDER -- FOOTSTEPS can be heard APPROACHING outside. Just like before.
36) 13) dialog: I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming. Like her life depends on that mantra. The FOOTSTEPS get CLOSER. And her voice begins to falter --
36) 14) dialog: (voice rising)
37) 0) text: Irene tries to shake Miranda awake.       An orderly and stand by.
37) 5) dialog: I need to see Peter Graham.
37) 7) dialog: Right now.
37) 12) dialog: Doctor Grey, if you don't mind.
37) 14) dialog: Please. It's a bit different, wouldn't you say -- ? Irene reaches out her hand and the nurse places a cup with meds on it.
37) 15) dialog: What do you think you're doing?    I want to speak to my lawyer -- wait, what are you doing?
37) 17) dialog: C'mon, Irene, don't do this. I'm calm now, look -- I'm calm -- ! She struggles as they hold her down and Irene sedates her.
38) 21) dialog: How did you get this?
38) 24) dialog: No, Shelley.   I'm not undercover.
38) 26) dialog: That's good to know. But I'm not.
38) 31) text: I understand perfectly. She hands Miranda paper and some crayons, whispers:
39) 0) text: Patients undress in the bare-bones locker area. An uneasy Miranda is handed a bar of soap and towel by Irene.
39) 1) dialog: I don't -- I think I'm alright.
39) 4) dialog: If it's all the same, I'd rather --
39) 6) text: Now come on. If you go downtown, you gotta dance. Miranda studies the patients already under the spray of the shower. Something vaguely concentration camp-like about institutional bathing.
39) 12) text: Alright, ladies, nice and easy. The first group of bathers file out, dripping wet past Miranda, in all shapes and sizes. She registers their many scars and tattoos, like maps of troubled souls: names of men, places, religious quotes. Burn scars, cuts, needle marks. They begin to towel off as Miranda, slowly and painfully self-conscious, begins to undress in the corner. A moment later Irene nods for her to go in.
40) 0) text: Miranda hangs her head under the spray and closes her eyes, trying to shut it all out. The SOUNDS slowly FADE OUT until all we have is Miranda and her RAGGED BREATHING. Chloe and Shelley, the last two out from the previous group, grab towels. Chloe winks at Miranda when she catches her staring, but Miranda is not staring at her. She is staring past her at the tile wall. More specifically at a hole in the tile where a busted water pipe pokes out. Clearly at some point there was a handle there, but now it is just a hole with a busted pipe. PUSH INTO the hole to see a perfectly-formed globule of blood emerge, following by a GURGLING sound which seems to come from deep in the bowels of the plumbing system. The blood lingers tentatively, as if unfamiliar with the laws of gravity, before tracing an upward line along the tile. The GURGLING GROWS LOUDER, CLOSER, and now more blood flows from the hole and spreads up the wall. Miranda looks away, disturbed, and now realizes she is the only one left in the showers. Panic. Shuts her eyes.
40) 4) dialog: (to self)
40) 6) dialog: (to self)
41) 0) text: Miranda wraps a towel around her bloody arm, too freaked out to process anything. Fumbles for her clothes and head straight to Shelley, tying her shoelaces, muttering.
41) 1) dialog: Shelley?
41) 3) dialog: Shelley, can you do me a favor?? Shelley fixes her with an intense conspiratorial look.
41) 5) dialog: Can you go in the shower and tell me if you see anything on the wall? Shelley doesn't respond. Simply crosses over and heads for the showers. Miranda gets dressed when a hand on her shoulder makes her jump --
41) 10) dialog: Yes.   Thank you, Irene. But now Irene notices the blood seeping through the towel.
41) 12) dialog: Nothing.   It's nothing --
42) 0) text: THROUGH a glass pane we see a NURSE bandaging Miranda's arm. Parsons and Irene confer just outside the room.
43) 0) text: Miranda (with her fresh new bandage) ignores the looks from the other patients as she rejoins them. Spots Shelley by the window furthest from the wardens. Scared.
43) 5) dialog: You saw it?
43) 7) dialog: What did it say?
43) 9) dialog: Did you see anything, Shelley? Shelley glances around to make sure no one can hear.
43) 11) dialog: Thanks anyway.
44) 0) text: Pete and Miranda stare at each other.     A tense beat.
44) 4) dialog: It was you I called that night.
44) 6) dialog: Did you mention that to the cops?
44) 8) dialog: Why?
44) 10) dialog: What does that mean?
44) 12) dialog: And did you?
44) 14) dialog: Did I make it to your place?   Did I see you that night?
44) 16) dialog: Why didn't you tell me this before?
44) 21) dialog: You're changing the subject.
44) 23) dialog: Right now I don't trust anyone. She tries to read his face. Reminds herself of who Pete is and what he means to her. He points at her bandaged arm.
44) 25) dialog: I want to talk to my lawyer.
44) 27) dialog: I can't help what you think.
45) 0) text: SPRINKLER SYSTEMS doing their thing: THWIP, THWIP, THWIP... The female patients are out in the gardens for their freshly dose of air. BOOM DOWN TO Miranda alone at a bench. A cigarette appears before her, being offered to her:
45) 2) dialog: I don't smoke, thanks.
45) 8) dialog: Huh. Jenna lights her smoke, blows out the match slowly. Miranda turns and checks the building entrance as Jenna rambles on.
45) 10) dialog: What did you set on fire to wind up here?
45) 12) dialog: Phil. He keeps walking.     Headed to the parking lot beyond.
45) 13) dialog: Phil!
45) 18) dialog: I wonder if I could talk to you.
45) 21) dialog: Your staff meeting's done and Thursdays you don't schedule sessions until the afternoon. This will just take one minute. Promise. Impressive.    She remembers his schedule perfectly.
45) 23) text: But the Sheriff wants to ask me some questions. She follows his look to the parking lot where Sheriff Ryan emerges from his patrol car. Miranda nods.
45) 24) dialog: It's about Pete.
45) 26) dialog: Perhaps he's not the most qualified person to be treating me. His tone is fatherly yet direct.
45) 31) dialog: What did he tell you?
45) 33) dialog: Yes.
45) 48) text: Suck me. The orderlies haul Chloe off. Irene disperses the crowd. Consuelo sighs, embarrassed, wipes a bloody lip. Her manner says she just wants to get back to her duties. Excitement over, the patients resume whatever it is they were doing. Miranda stares at her bleak surroundings when something catches her eye: Pete watching her from his office window. He quickly slides the curtain shut. Odd.
48) 0) text: Miranda cries softly, unable to sleep. VOICES trickle in from the corridor outside, wardens on their rounds, a SOFT MOAN from another cell, a random SCREAM. She shuts her eyes, repositions herself on her stomach.
49) 0) text: Irene escorts Miranda into the library.       A warden follows.
49) 2) dialog: 'We'?
49) 4) dialog: Doesn't seem like the best choice of words when treating schizophrenics.
49) 7) dialog: Hi. Irene checks her watch.       The warden hangs back, keep watch.
49) 13) dialog: Teddy, I know you knew Doug well and this is an extremely --
49) 15) dialog: Like I'm crazy.
49) 17) dialog: Other than me being crazy?   No.
49) 19) dialog: Wait, wait, wait -- Teddy, you know me. I wouldn't raise a hand at my husband for the life of me. Not even in self-defense. Isn't it remotely possible a burglar broke in or some crazed high school student attacked Doug and I went into shock? Teddy shakes his head.
49) 20) dialog: You're telling me there's no other suspects in anyone's mind?
49) 25) dialog: Because there is no motive.
49) 27) dialog: I'm not faking anything.
49) 29) dialog: The point is I'm the only person who doesn't believe I killed my husband. I never thought I'd say this, but I feel like I'm in the middle of a conspiracy. (beat)
49) 30) text: Do you believe I'm crazy? An uncomfortable Teddy takes too long before answering. Miranda looks down, humiliated -- and now she sees it. Perfectly carved into her arm, her scar reads:
49) 36) dialog: Forget it.   Forget I asked. PUSH INTO her face as involuntary tears roll down and we
50) 0) text: Miranda. Numb. Pete trying hard to get through. A beat. We get a good look at the writing on her arm. (The right arm.)
50) 4) dialog: I didn't write this.
50) 7) dialog: Why?
50) 12) dialog: Then you know exactly how I feel. He starts to speak, stops himself. Switches tactics. Their banter escalates in speed as their terms get more clinical:
50) 14) dialog: As a doctor I agree with you. Maybe -- and this is a big maybe -- all of this is just a deep epilepsy that extends to the limbic structures, but I'm telling you --
50) 16) dialog: What about it?
50) 18) dialog: You tell me. But I do know what I sound like. Paranoia is the ultimate awareness, right?
50) 20) dialog: (venom)
50) 22) dialog: I'm sorry. Is there any way we can pretend that didn't just happen?
50) 27) dialog: (beat; struggling)
50) 30) dialog: Number one: I'm right-handed. Number two: I would have had to bring an X-Acto knife into the shower to do this, wouldn't I? Pete tries to reserve judgment. Her argument has a certain loopy logic to it. He hesitates, then pulls a SERIES OF PHOTOGRAPHS from a manila envelope.
51) 2) dialog: (panic rising)
52) 0) text: Miranda tries to wash off the blood in the sink. This is a daunting task, seeing as how she's covered in it. She stares at her bloody footprints all over the floor, at the marks on the door handle, towels and wall. Gasping for breath, almost crying, she turns on the shower at full blast and climbs into the tub. She watches the blood wash off her. As if finally coming back to her body and realizing what she's done, she slowly slides down the shower wall and curls up in the tub. Crying. Shaking.     She shuts her eyes as hard as she can to make it all go away, and we --
53) 0) text: Miranda wakes up, still in the tub. How long has she been there, hours? Days? Impossible to know. But at some point she must have turned off the water. She sits up, every muscle of her body aching, hair caked with blood. The first thing that hits her is the stench. And it's fou the putrid smell of decaying flesh. She steps gingerly ou of the tub onto the flooded floor and follows the trail o blood, mortified at what she will find.
54) 0) text: Soon enough the press will make the Manson Family reference, but for now, only Miranda is here to witness the fruit of her labor. She gasps for air. Instead she is hit by a wave of nausea. She doubles over to throw up when there is a FRANTIC RAPPING at the front door. She freezes. VOICES and YELLS trickle in. The HINGES on the door RATTLE under REPEATED POUNDING and she still stands there as the first FIREMAN breaks in. Sheriff Ryan and his deputies right behind. A concerned Pete Graham behind them.
57) 0) text: Miranda gasps for air, drowning in sensory overload.
57) 1) dialog: Oh God, oh God, oh God... She rocks back and forth. Finally aware of what she's done. She is the killer. No more doubts. And now that she knows, everything is much worse. A long, harrowing beat. WE PUSH IN ON her devastated face.       NIGHT TURNS TO D
58) 0) text: The locks are unlocked. Pete appears at the door. Miranda glances up at him. She looks like a different person. Completely destroyed. He crouches beside her.
59) 0) text: Parsons leafs through Miranda's file.   Pete stands by th window, lost in thought. PARSONS
60) 0) text: Pete escorts a fragile Miranda down the corridor.    The two orderlies walking ominously behind them. PETE
60) 1) text: Standard procedure. MIRANDA
61) 6) text: I'm not taking it lightly, no.   We will talk about it at home. Miranda and Pete sit across from him. Miranda trying hard to appear composed -- acutely aware of her every gesture, and of how different her last visit to this office was. Nothing casual about it now. She stares at the picture frames on Phil's desk (all facing AWAY FROM us), the diplomas on the wall, the books by noted fathers of neurology (works by Hughlings Jackson, Kurt Goldstein, Henry Head, A.R. Luria). A framed quote reads: "'If You Do Know That Here Is One Hand, We'll Grant You All The Rest.' -- Wittgenstein"
61) 8) text: Yes, dear. Me too. He hangs up. Takes a moment to look at Miranda. Tries a smile but to her it comes off condescending. Fact is -- there's nothing to smile about.
61) 16) dialog: Who is that? Parsons pauses here.      Exchanges glances with Pete.
61) 18) dialog: The girl in the picture. WE SEE what she is talking about: a framed photograph on the desk is now FACING us. Eerie. It shows Parsons, his wife Dorothy and a young girl. Our teenage girl.
61) 20) dialog: She's the girl I saw.
61) 22) dialog: I'm positive. She was hurt, bleeding. Is she all right? Pete and Parsons trade uneasy looks.
61) 24) dialog: Not about this. Is she all right?
61) 26) text: Rachel committed suicide six years ago. This shuts Miranda right up.      Mind spinning.
61) 27) dialog: How?
61) 34) text: And she finally succeeded. Jumped off Ashley Bridge. She was only seventeen years old. Ashley Bridge. Mute. Ghost? Miranda hesitates here. She is not the type to believe in ghosts, and knows full well what even her suggestion of it will sound like.
61) 35) dialog: I'm -- I'm terribly sorry, Phil. Parsons doesn't want to talk about it anymore.    Rises.
62) 0) text: Miranda's pale skin is visible in the dim monochromatic light. We are MOVING TOWARDS her, seeing her as if from the POV of someone approaching her. We become aware of the RAGGED BREATHING sound. Miranda opens her eyes, looks this way and that, then closes them again. She is nearly asleep when she hears a sound we've heard before. The strained WET SOUND. Miranda's eyes SNAP OPEN. She slowly sits up, back against the wall. Squinting to cover every inch of the room. And now she sees it: a SHADOW crouched in the corner. Roughly the size of a person. Miranda climbs off the bed and slowly walks towards it. Scared, but determined. She wrinkles her nose at the putrid smell coming from it. She gets closer... closer... The RAGGED BREATHING GROWING LOUDER as she reaches the shadow -- She stretches out her hand and finally touches... NOTHING. She swipes her hand through the air, feeling stupid. MIRANDA
62) 1) text: This is not going to work. I'm sick of being watched, and I know this place well and it doesn't smell this bad. She paces around the room, feels the wall, taps her head. MIRANDA
62) 6) dialog: (sleepy)
62) 7) text: Besides, if you really were the ghost of Rachel Parsons, you would let me out of this cell. A beat. And now we hear the SOUND OF THE DEADBOLT SLIDE OPEN. The door opens quietly. PUSH INTO Miranda's face. Properly scared now.
62) 8) dialog: Holy shit. If proof is what she wanted, proof is what she got.   Fro now on we'll refer to the teenage girl as RACHEL.
63) 0) text: Miranda takes a tentative step outside her cell, feeling the door with her fingers, feeling along the wall -- still making sure she isn't dreaming this. She looks down the long, empty corridor, the glare of neon lights making her readjust her eyes momentarily. Nobody there. But when she looks down the other way she sees a pair of bare feet disappear behind the wall. So quick we're not sure we saw it for sure. Miranda deliberately walks in the opposite direction. At night the clinical corridor takes on an unsettling quality. She silently strolls down the hall, tilting her head at the various sounds from PATIENTS in their cells. She turns to make sure Rachel isn't behind her and when Miranda faces forward again, she realizes she is standing right across from:
65) 0) text: Miranda shuts the door behind her and slips behind her computer. Shrouded in darkness. Hits a switch and a SURVEILLANCE MONITOR comes to life. Now she has a view of the corridors: two guards here, a nurse going for a smoke, a janitor at the coffee machine and so on. She switches on her computer and taps her fingers as she waits for it to boot up.
65) 5) dialog: (to self)
66) 0) text: Retracing her steps, Miranda shuts her door and hits the stairs. Playing off the sweep of the surveillance camera.
68) 0) text: It takes a moment to adjust our eyes to the darkness but now we make out TWO FIGURES in the room involved in some sort of struggle. Miranda presses her face against the glass and now sees a flash of metal. Something sharp. Not a knife, but a needl And now a blur of hair yanked up by a strong arm. In the light we can make out Chloe, eyes glazed, drooling. Just for a beat, because now she is slapped down on the bed like a rag doll and the man with the needle ENTERS FRAME.
69) 0) text: Miranda flinches, confused. Glances down the corridor to ensure she remains undiscovered. Then peers back in.
71) 0) text: Disturbed, Miranda turns away. Except now the corridor isn't empty. There is a JANITOR at the end. Coffee cup in hand. Staring at her, disconcerted.
72) 0) text: Miranda bolts down the stairs. THUNDERING FOOTSTEPS and YELLS can be heard right behind her.
73) 0) text: Miranda races down the empty floor towards an emergency exit door all the way at the end. TWO ORDERLIES emerge from the staircase and give chase, shouting for her to stop. PATIENTS holler from their cells, awakened by the COMMOTION. Miranda's heart is nearly bursting through her chest as she gets closer and closer to the emergency door. Twenty feet, fifteen, ten -- When a side door opens and a MAN IN A YELLOW SHIRT appears, blocking her path. Miranda tries to avoid crashing into him but carries too much momentum. Veers left against the wall but the man easily tackles her and pins her down. The orderlies and an nurse arrive at the scene to find her screaming, hysterical. They hold her down -- MIRANDA
75) 0) text: A better room, in fact. This one has a view. Heavy bars on the windows, but still. Miranda paces. Pete is seated, observing her deteriorating state.
75) 1) dialog: Did you live here when Rachel killed herself?
75) 3) dialog: Phil must have been a wreck.
75) 8) dialog: And this is confirmed. There are hospital records and so forth?
75) 10) dialog: What about these other dates, was Phil here when the other girls went missing and found dead? A disconcerted Pete looks at the article with the pictures of Rachel and the others: Andrea White and Jenny Dixon.
75) 12) dialog: Rachel Parsons disappeared six years ago. A week later she's a suicide. Andrew White, four years ago, same M.O., and Jenny Dixon, two years ago. Don't you find that unusual? He regards her. Maybe Parsons is right: she's desperately grasping at straws now. Skims the article:
75) 14) dialog: Not one left a suicide note. In fact, how is anybody sure these were suicides?
75) 19) dialog: That's his story. I need to talk to the reporter who wrote that. Frank something.
75) 21) dialog: I beg to differ. I know my visitation rights.
75) 23) dialog: You're telling me the one local investigative reporter who connected three highly-suspicious deaths, just happens to have conveniently died?
75) 26) dialog: Don't be smug, Pete. That's one thing you've never been. Rachel is somehow connected to what I'm going through. I don't know how -- like you said, I'm not in a frame of mind to process the information without assistance. So I'm asking you for assistance.
75) 33) dialog: I know this lecture like the back of my hand!
76) 0) text: Peter hurries down the corridor, passing by a nurse. The same one who bandaged Miranda earlier, so let's give her a proper name: CLAIRE. She pushes her cart into the elevator.
80) 0) text: Bustling with activity. The room is divided into two: large main area where the patients eat, plus a second, smaller upstairs area for the staff. BOOM DOWN to find Miranda eating at a long table. Shelley beside her, playing with her plastic fork. Jenna taps an unlit cigarette. As usual, Irene keeps watch nearby.
80) 16) text: I saw what happened. I'm sorry. No reaction. MIRANDA
80) 17) text: Have you told anyone?   Chloe? Nothing. MIRANDA
80) 19) text: Doctor, did you just say 'motherfucker'? MIRANDA
80) 22) dialog: What?   I don't hate you. CHLOE
80) 23) text: You hate me because now you're just the same as me. You must feel so embarrassed. MIRANDA
80) 29) dialog: (rising)
80) 32) dialog: I get the distinct feeling you're going to tell me.
82) 0) text: Echoing an earlier scene, we are MOVING TOWARDS her -- her pale skin visible in the dim monochromatic light. Miranda flicks a look this way and that, alert. Sensing something.
82) 4) dialog: Leave me alone. Go away. Just like a crazy person. She listens for any further noise, hears none and shuts her eyes. Exhausted.
82) 5) dialog: I've lost my fucking mind.   Happy now? Silence. But now the BEDSPRINGS CREAK behind her and she whips around and starts to scream as a big hand covers her mouth. Her eyes open wide at the sight of Simon, in his yellow shirt. He shoves her against the mattress and presses his full weight against her. She lets out a muffled scream as he uncaps a syringe with his teeth and brings the plunger to her throat. Straight into her jugular.
82) 11) text: The more you fight me, the harder I get, pussycat -- so pretty please, with sugar on top -- keep still. Simon paws at her clothes as she struggles to defend herself. He finally slaps her free arm down. Presses his knee against it, immobilizing her once more. Now he produces another syringe from his pocket. Checks it. Miranda shakes her head, pleading. A scream stuck in her throat. But nobody can hear her. Simon brings the syringe towards her when suddenly we hear a LOUD CLANGING at the door. Shaking it off its hinges.
82) 15) dialog: (sotto)
82) 16) text: Take that, son of a bitch. Simon moans as the full dose hits his system and his body goes limp. Miranda exhales, coming back to herself. A beat.
82) 17) dialog: Rachel? No response.     Miranda grabs his keys, begins to undres him.
84) 0) text: Dead quiet. CRICKETS CHIRP or whatever it is    crickets do. Miranda steadies her breathing, perusing    rows of unfamiliar cars. She clicks Simon's key-ring    button repeatedly until a set of headlights blink on   and off.
85) 0) text: Miranda slips behind the wheel, STARTS the CAR. The RADIO KICKS IN at EAR-DEAFENING VOLUME. She nearly drops dead.
86) 0) text: The gate GUARD reads a magazine as Miranda's stolen car approaches. The guard barely registers the driver in the booth mirror, immersed in his article. Hits a button to open the gate for him. It opens SLOWLY. S-l-o-w-l-y.
87) 2) text: Now we are seeing her as if from the POV of someone traveling alongside the car. Peering THROUGH the passenger window. Miranda becomes aware of this, slowly glances over. Sees nothing but her own reflection. Turns back forward. We NOTICE the blue cigarette lighter key chain dangling off the dashboard. Nothing but a long stretch of road ahead.
88) 0) text: The neighborhood perfectly quiet late at night. Miranda parks in the driveway and stares at the empty house. Steels herself, climbs out of the car and heads around back. She finds her SPARE KEY behind a potted plant, takes a deep breath and lets herself in through the back door.
90) 0) text: Miranda stuffs clothes into a suitcase, finds her passpor digs out some cash from a box. Quick change of clothes to get rid of the rapist's uniform. Fast, fast, fast --
92) 0) text: Miranda jumps out, panicked. Glances around. Looks inside the car: no Rachel. A beat to catch her breath, making up her mind. Slides behind the wheel and makes a U-turn.
93) 1) dialog: No. The CAR SPUTTERS to a stop. Miranda goes to turn the key but suddenly freezes. Looks at the ignition oddly and notices the key is gone.
93) 2) dialog: Why are you doing this to me? A dead-still beat. Glancing around, she is even more startled to see the blue lighter key chain lying in the middle of the street.
94) 0) text: Miranda opens her car door and walks down the empty street to retrieve her suddenly magical keys. We watch her reach the keys, all alone out here. The moment she bends down to pick it up she is blinded by the glare of HEADLIGHT and the ROAR OF AN ENGINE. Miranda jumps out of the way, narrowly avoiding being flattened by a ROAD SWEEPER, spraying water as it goes. She watches the truck disappear down the block. Heart in her throat. Calms her nerves and now walks over to the pesky keys again. Smack in the middle of a puddle now. BOOM UP the posts harnessing power lines which surround the area until we STOP ON a pair of INDUSTRIAL BOLTS fastened around the insulators of a thick power line. From here we see Miranda bend down and pick up her keys. And now the bolts suddenly shake off their hinges, coming loose right in front of our eyes -- moved by some invisible force -- Miranda tilts her head at the sound of a METALLIC SNAP and turns. The bolts pop out of their sockets. The LIVE WIRE uncoils like some gigantic serpent and swings straight towards the paralyzed Miranda -- She looks down at her feet, ankle-deep in the puddle, back up at the 11,000 VOLTS OF POWER about to fry her to a crisp and jumps out of the way at the last second. The wire hits the water and the monumental charge sends SPARKS flying in every direction. It looks like lightning. A silent, sudden beat.   That was as close as close gets. MIRANDA (fighting tears)
94) 1) text: What do you want from me? No sign of Rachel. Miranda yells at the air, glancing over her shoulder, seemingly demented: MIRANDA
94) 2) text: What is it you want me to do?!! A moment. Miranda stranded. The stolen car in the middle of the road. And now the SQUEAK of a GATE OPENING abruptly. Miranda whips her head in the direction of the sound. It's the front gate to her house. And now the front door SWINGS OPEN. And now the living room LIGHTS switch on.
94) 6) dialog: I can't. (softly)
95) 0) text: Miranda climbs in, not sure whether to laugh or cry here. She's never asked a ghost for permission before:
95) 1) dialog: Bear with me, I'm just parking it out of the way so it won't look suspicious in the middle of the road -- okay. She STARTS the ENGINE and pulls over to the sidewalk.
96) 0) text: Miranda stands in her living room, staring at her handiwork. Frozen with dread. The blood has been cleaned up some, but the mess remains. The upturned furniture covered in plastic, the chalk outline of the body, the yellow crime-scene tape, the shattered mirror above the fireplace, the muddied footprints of dozens of cops, coroners, etc. The faded writing on the wall:       "NOT ALONE." Miranda takes it all in, not entirely sure what she's supposed to be looking for.
96) 1) dialog: (piecing it together)
96) 7) dialog: Shit. She looks at her foot. A big SHARD OF GLASS is stuck right through the flimsy hospital slipper into her skin. Blood already seeping from the nasty cut --
97) 0) text: Miranda seated on the edge of the tub, slowly pulls out the piece of glass, drops it in the wastebasket. She grabs a cotton ball and alcohol and starts cleaning the cut. And now, FAINT at first, but GROWING LOUDER -- she hears the hollow WET SOUND we've come to associate with Rachel. Inside the room with her -- Miranda stares at the medicine cabinet. Did the mirror move? We watch her from the MIRROR POV as she holds perfectly still, listening. The SOUND now seems to have STOPPED. A silent beat. She turns her attention back to cleaning her cut, grimaci as the alcohol burns her skin. It looks painful. And now the slow SQUEAK of the MEDICINE CABINET DOOR make her look up again. And she sees herself in the mirror lik the night of the slaughter: flames all around her. Naked arms raised. Wrists shackled. Anima Sola. She stares.     Mesmerized.    The sound of FLAMES GROWIN LOUDER.
97) 1) dialog: No.   No.   No... Miranda walks slowly to the mirror. Incredibly, the image reflecting back at her also grows bigger. As if the two versions of her are literally walking towards each other. FROM A SIDE ANGLE WE SEE both their faces mere inches apart. Miranda brings her fingertips to the mirror and touches it. Immediately pulls her hand back.
98) 0) text: A "FOR SALE" sign still flapping in the wind.   The first few rays of light break through the dawn sky. Miranda's (Simon's) car approaches up the road until it FILLS the FRAME and parks. Miranda steps out. She studies the house before walking up the drive. We watch her peek through windows and walk around back, looking for something. What exactly, we don't know. (Neither does she.) She makes her way back to the starting point and fixes her stare now on the barn. The one place he hasn't looked.
99) 0) text: Dark, empty. The WIND outside causes the ALUMINUM SIDING to FLAP NOISILY. It's slightly unnerving, but hey, it's just the wind. Miranda covers the distance of the large room, perplexed. There is something about this place. Something she can't quite put her finger on. Beckoning her. With a last fruitless look, she heads towards the front door when a glint of mental in the opposite corner stops her. She moves to it.
100) 0) text: Miranda emerges from the ladder into total darkness. Whatever dim reddish light was provided by the bulb upstairs does not reach here. She feels around the wall for a switch. Nothing.
100) 1) dialog: (to self)
100) 2) text: It's not shrink-appropriate to be afraid of the dark, right? Abruptly there's a sharp CLICK as she lights Simon's key- chain lighter, and the wavery light illuminates the vast space. Rats scurry for cover. It takes a second to orient ourselves. Something metallic catches the lighter's reflection way in back. Miranda walks towards it.
100) 3) dialog: Hello? She takes a few more steps until her foot hits a bulk on the floor. She stops. Kneels down and in the dim half- light we make out a backpack. She unzips it and rifles through it (T-shirts, underwear, Walkman) until she finds a wallet. Opens the billfold and brings the lighter next to the ID: the picture belongs to a teenager named
100) 8) dialog: Is there anybody here?   Hello? The lighter in her hand is getting hot, so she lets it click off. When it comes back on we see she has wrapped a ragged T-shirt around it for insulation. Miranda steps deeper into the room. Up ahead, she can make out the metallic thing that reflected light before. It is a hook in the ceiling. And suspended from it are several heavy chains. Like a meat rack. And now she catches a whiff of the terrible smell and sees the body of the teenage girl: hanging upside down, tied around the hands and ankles. Medical training kicking in, Miranda quickly lowers the girl to the ground, causing the angry rats to skitter away.
100) 9) dialog: Go away!   Fuck off! (We see the following in between flicks of the lighter so that we go from midnight black to wavery light in an almost strobe-light effect:) She checks for vital signs, pulse, heartbeat -- Miranda's adrenaline at full tilt --
100) 10) dialog: C'mon, c'mon, c'mon -- She strikes the flint and brings the lighter to the girl's pupils. Inspects them. Slaps her repeatedly, clinically. The strobe effect also allows us glimpses of the immediate surroundings:   household tools strewn about; wire cutters, pliers -- a pool of dried blood.
100) 11) dialog: Wake up, Tracy, wake up -- Nothing. She unties the wires around the girl's ankles. The skin swollen grotesquely around them. She shakes the girl. Slowly coming to the realization that it's too late.
101) 0) text: Miranda comes crashing out of the barn, doubles over and throws up. The bright light outside blinding her momentarily. Her bloodshot eyes taking a moment to register --
101) 2) text: Howdy there. He says this while already strolling over.        Miranda mind races a mile a minute -- OFFICER TURLINGTON
101) 3) text: Everything okay? MIRANDA
101) 5) text: That your vehicle, ma'am? She stares at the young, friendly cop. His left hand resting on his belt. Right next to his gun. But it seems as if he has no idea who she is. At least not yet. MIRANDA
101) 7) text: Congratulations. But I'm afraid this is private property -- you can't just waltz on in. You understand that. She nods, nerves shot to hell.     Starts walking. MIRANDA
101) 13) text: Lady, stay right where you are. Miranda shuts her eyes, busted.     Freezes.
104) 0) text: Paramedics and nurses doing their thing. The young officer who arrested Miranda hands the Sheriff a cup of coffee.
105) 0) text: Bare room. A desk and two chairs. Glass window         pa insure no privacy. DOROTHY PARSONS (50s) waits,        se The door opens and a DEPUTY escorts Miranda in.        Sh across from Dorothy, looking as lost as can be.        A beat.
105) 10) dialog: That word.   Nightmare.   Welcome to my life.
105) 12) dialog: Mrs. Parsons, you need a therapist. Normally I would encourage you to schedule a session with me but as you can see -- Dorothy shakes her head, determined to finish.       She out a folded piece of paper.
105) 18) dialog: October 22nd, 2001. It's my wedding date. She stares at Dorothy, stunned. Brain click-click- clicking. Her wildest fears confirmed: Doug is behind this somehow.
105) 19) dialog: That code belongs to a safety deposit box my husband kept in a bank up in Newcastle, that's where his parents live. (beat)
106) 0) text: Pete hurries down the front steps of the main building as TWO POLICE CRUISERS pull up. Miranda is brought out of one of the cruisers by two OFFICERS.
106) 7) dialog: (quietly)
106) 15) dialog: That's why Rachel picked me.    It was Doug. I'm so stupid. Pete regards her now, has no idea what she's going on about this time. Tries to remain professional.
108) 0) text: White. Surveillance cameras in every corner. Two separate doors with elaborate locks. High security all around. The officers undo Miranda's cuffs and excuse themselves. Pete gestures for Irene and the Orderlies to leave as well.
108) 6) dialog: (interrupting)
108) 9) dialog: Chemical deficiencies can't get inside of you and make you do terrible things you don't remember doing!
108) 11) dialog: No, you're not. You're a close- minded academic, just like me. You told me once that I was the most logical person you knew, remember? Well, everything that's happened has an explanation but it has nothing to do with psychiatry or science. Rachel Parsons was abducted and she was murdered six years ago -- tossed off the Ashley Bridge by my husband. My harmless, righteous 'community leader' husband -- that's how pathetically blind I've been.
108) 16) dialog: Andrea White and Jenny Dixon were also abducted and murdered -- now this was before I met Doug but I bet you anything that they both went to his school. Then he obviously stopped for a while: fear, guilt, distractions -- namely me -- delayed him from reverting to his sickness. That's why I didn't notice anything. I believe he really tried to lead a normal life, for me. Then along comes Tracy Seaver and he can't resist. Locks her up and tortures her in some abandoned property -- She shows him the crumpled newspaper listing.
108) 17) dialog: Here's Doug's interest in real estate, Pete. Pete stares at the realty listing for Willows Creek.
108) 18) dialog: Rachel Parsons is a pissed-off ghost with an agenda, furious at her parents for giving up on her -- she's been trying to communicate with them for years but they're too goddamn logical to pay attention -- and she picked me, she sought me out that night and sent me home to fix her problem. Made sure I killed Doug because he was going to do the same thing to Tracy Seaver as he did to her. And she will get rid of anyone who stands in her way. Pete takes all of this in.     Dumbfounded.
108) 20) dialog: To whom?
108) 25) dialog: To you? I'm telling you she nearly electrocuted me when I tried to leave town and she led me to that barn and if I don't do what she wants -- she's going to kill me. Pete can see that she's petrified. He starts to speak, but she hushes him by gently placing her finger on his lips. The gesture is tender, almost romantic. A reminder of their very real connection.
108) 26) dialog: I need you to at least consider the possibility that I'm not insane. (beat; pleading)
113) 0) text: Miranda looks up at the sound of the BOLT BEING DRAWN and the handle unfastened. Through the door comes Consuelo, carrying a tray. Sets it down by the bed. She is on her way out when she pauses, stares at Miranda.
113) 5) dialog: Just fine, thank you.
113) 7) dialog: How -- how do you know?
113) 10) dialog: Yes.   Rachel.
113) 12) dialog: Yes, I -- you could say that. Consuelo holds Miranda's hands firmly, "reading" her.
113) 14) dialog: I'm sure that's meant to sound comforting but --
113) 16) dialog: That may be so, but I want her to go away.
113) 21) dialog: And how exactly would I do that?
113) 24) dialog: Look -- (reading nametag)
113) 25) text: Consuelo, I appreciate what you're trying to do, but I honestly don't think this ghost will go away if I pour some egg powder on myself -- Consuelo holds up a finger, hushing Miranda.      She's receiving something here. Shudders.
113) 27) dialog: Yes.
113) 31) dialog: What are you doing? I'm trying to help you -- ?! Rachel opens her mouth wide like a snake. And as Miranda screams, blood starts leaking out of Rachel's wounds. And now we see it. Rachel's lips touch Miranda's and BREATHE HER SPIRIT INTO Miranda with a WHOOSH --
114) 0) text: Consuelo lets go of Miranda's hand. Like recoiling from fire. Speaks in the simplest of ways. The truth: CONSUELO
114) 1) text: You were possessed by her. MIRANDA
114) 3) text: Ay, probrecita. You're both in terrible danger. She's scared too but she can't step back into the light until she finishes what she started here. And now you're the only person who can help her find the way back. MIRANDA
114) 4) text: I don't know how to do that -- I'm not qualified for it. You do it. Consuelo crosses herself. A sign of respect for the situation. But it has a chilling effect on Miranda. CONSUELO
114) 5) text: Despair is the only unforgivable sin. You'll be in my prayers, Miranda. Prayers?   What good is that going to do?   Consuelo exit
121) 0) text: Miranda holds her breath, listens. And sure enough, somebody else is in the room. She looks around.
121) 1) dialog: No.   No.   What do you want -- ? And now LIGHTNING streaks the room and we see Rachel in the corner. Staring with her dead eyes. Moving towards her. MIRANDA
121) 3) text: You have to step into the light, Rachel. You don't belong here -- you don't belong... But it doesn't work. Rachel keeps walking towards her. Miranda backs up against the wall. Trapped. Fighting tears -- MIRANDA
123) 0) text: Rachel stretches out her arm to Miranda's face --
123) 1) dialog: Please don't. Why are you doing this? It's over. Over and done! Rachel slowly shakes her head, places her hands on Miranda's eyes and shuts them --
124) 0) text: Miranda screams at the visions.    Rachel holds her stead
124) 1) dialog: Stop it! I don't want to see this! I can't help you anymore! Stop it!
124) 5) dialog: Let me out of here! Let me out! There's a deafening SOUND like a thousand bells ringing at once and Miranda covers her ears -- Outside WE HEAR MURMURS, YELLS, INSTRUCTIONS --
130) 0) text: Officer Turlington looks inside Miranda's cell. Empty. And as he is about to speak into his walkie he spots her: Seated by the elevator. Holding a biting block in Shelley's mouth as her seizing subsides.
130) 2) text: Sheriff? I have Miss Grey right here. He flashes his light at her.     Miranda looks back blank
130) 4) dialog: Page Irene ASAP. This patient needs her meds. Turlington nods. Miranda looks down at a grateful Shelley, whose head is cradled in her lap. Brushes the matted hair off her face. Carefully removes the biting block, making sure Shelley is alright.
130) 7) dialog: Shh, shh, just rest.
131) 9) dialog: Fine, Phil.   Thanks for asking. Suddenly all the policemen in the room begin to exit --
131) 12) dialog: Chloe. Turlington is about to exit when Parsons stops him:
132) 17) dialog: Chloe?   Can I talk to you? Chloe flicks the flashlight to see Miranda by the door.
132) 19) dialog: You have to let him go.   I'm sorry. Chloe flinches at that. Like all this multitasking is affecting her. She digs the gun deeper into the Sheriff's neck, making him cower to his knees, execution style --
132) 21) text: Now take off that goddamn uniform before I get really pissed. The Sheriff glances at Miranda. Miranda nods.       The Sheriff begins unbuttoning his shirt --
132) 22) dialog: What are you going to do? Put on his uniform and walk out of here? Think about it, Chloe. They know you have him. The place is crawling with cops.
132) 24) dialog: That's not true. You have less than a year left here.
132) 29) dialog: You're right, doctors never concentrate on the things patients are actually capable of. But I know you, Chloe, you've been through things that most people don't survive. And you have a wonderful future in front of you if you choose it. It's up to you. This gets through to Chloe.       Her grip loosens on the
132) 30) dialog: No more guilt, no more hatred, no more unbearable sadness. You have no use for any of that anymore. Your life begins this very second.
132) 32) dialog: It was you, wasn't it?
132) 37) dialog: 'Not alone.' That's what Rachel has been trying to tell me all along. Doug was not alone. You were with him. This whole time it's been you. You covered up their deaths to look like suicides. The Sheriff throws his jacket on, starts walking --
132) 39) dialog: Don't fucking move. The CLICK! of a SAFETY being released makes him pause. He turns to look at her. A tense beat.
133) 0) text: Turlington escorts a cuffed Miranda to a waiting cruiser. He jumps behind the wheel and starts to pull out when Pete suddenly taps on Miranda's window, startling her --
133) 9) dialog: The girl in the hospital. Pete locks eyes with her, nods -- as the cruiser leaves.
139) 0) text: Miranda's eyes snap open at the SOUND OF DEADBOLTS SLIDING UNLOCKED. Hopeful. Could this be Rachel?
139) 5) dialog: You tell me.
139) 7) dialog: Why wait this long if he had?
139) 9) dialog: Maybe. But it seems to me that it's vital you know for sure. He studies her. Takes a step towards her. Miranda responds by stepping back. A slow motion semicircle, if you will. She eyes the open door. Tempted.
139) 11) dialog: If you're looking for forgiveness, you came to the wrong place. She's stalling, trying to keep him talking and he knows it.
139) 16) dialog: Be that as it may, you're afraid too -- because you know killing me won't solve your problems.
139) 18) dialog: What about Parsons? And Peter? They know. And that girl in the hospital will never forget your face. You miscalculated, now you pay. Patience tested, he suddenly WHACKS her across the face.
139) 20) dialog: I sure hope that felt good because you can't afford too many more signs of struggle. Can you?
139) 22) dialog: No, that's what you want me to do.
139) 24) dialog: So we're even. You left that door open so I'd try and run, it's what you get off on, isn't it?
139) 29) dialog: And yet you have to make me look like a suicide. With what, your belt? (off his shrug)
139) 32) dialog: I don't think that's going to satisfy you. You won't be able to do this clean. You have too much guilt inside. SMACK! Another slap across the face. Miranda's knees buckle. But she remains standing. Her lip trembles.
139) 33) dialog: You're losing grasp of the situation. It was different with those girls. I bet all they did was cry and scream.
139) 36) dialog: Aren't I a little old for you?
139) 38) dialog: That's for show. You know you can't shoot me.
140) 0) text: Miranda dashes down the hallway, trying to escape. Takes quick inventory of the space: two more holding cells like her own, a row of filing cabinets, and a storage area with barred windows. She makes a turn up ahead and reaches another gate down the corridor. A sliding gate that closes off the cell area from the main station. She tries the gate. Locked, naturally.       She shakes a bangs on it, desperate.
140) 1) dialog: 
142) 0) text: Now Miranda searches for a place to hide.        His FOOT
142) 4) text: Sheriff Ryan peeks down the corridor where we last saw Miranda. The gate still locked. She's not there. He traces her steps, clearly enjoying this: SHERIFF RYAN
143) 0) text: Miranda is cramped underneath an upturned desk. The SHOT is FRAMED so we can see the doorway. She prays silently: MIRANDA (sotto)
143) 2) text: Those other girls -- make no mistake -- they knew what they were getting into. He appears at the doorway now, peeks inside the room. Sensing her in there. Miranda holds her breath. SHERIFF RYAN
143) 3) text: I'm not saying they knew they were going to die, but truth is, Doug and I didn't know it was going to end that way. It was just the natural extension of that moment. So yeah, we fucked them and we killed them. And we knew it was wrong. Sure we did. He reaches the upturned desk and flips it over with a CLANGING SOUND. Miranda wasn't underneath that one. She scrambles to the door behind him as he turns --
144) 5) text: Tell you what, keep the shirt. The bra will do. Miranda stares, helpless. The Sheriff gestures for her to begin. Like he has all the time in the world. Miranda slides up the wall and starts to unclasp her bra under her shirt. Petrified --
144) 17) dialog: Logic is overrated.
150) 4) text: We're here to see Miranda Grey. OFFICER TURLINGTON
150) 9) text: Officer, unlock the goddamn door to Miranda's cell or I'll break it down myself. Turlington is not used to being spoken to this way, certainly not by upstanding directors of psychiatric institutes. He leads the men down the corridor and unlocks the cell. The men wait as all three locks are dutifully undone and then the heavy door is slid open. The men look inside and instantly stop in their tracks.
153) 0) text: BOOM DOWN TO a young woman kneeling down to set flowers on a grave and we recognize her as Tracy Seaver. Shockingly cleaned up and properly attired -- she's even cute. MIRANDA (V.O.)
153) 5) dialog: Well, gotta run now, I have some country songs to write and lots of social invites to decline... STILL PULLING BACK THROUGH the lush cemetery, PAST several trees until we find Rachel watching the serene scene. She turns TO CAMERA now and we PUSH INTO her eyes, finally at peace, until it FILLS the SCREEN and in it we see...
154) 0) text: Miranda walking among the throng of pedestrians. She looks confident, relaxed, down to earth. No longer the tightly wound professional at the beginning of our story.
154) 1) dialog: P.S. And in case you're wondering what the chances are of me buying you a beer and maybe finishing something we almost started, the answer is: it's just not going to happen. Especially not at McSorley's next Friday night. Say around nine. So you probably shouldn't bother showing up. All my love, M.G. She turns at the light and gets lost in the crowd.