49) 6) dialog: Miranda.
49) 9) dialog: Thank you kindly. Miranda sits.      Waits until Irene is out of hearing ra
49) 14) dialog: I'm here as your lawyer. So whatever my relationship was with Doug is no longer of consequence. First things first, how are they treating you?
49) 16) dialog: You know this place better than anyone. Anything out of the ordinary?
49) 18) dialog: The DA is pushing for a hearing as soon as next week. They're eager to resolve this situation because -- well, crimes like this don't happen that often around here. Doug was a hometown boy who'd done good, beloved high school principal, a role model. Our best shot -- scratch that, our only shot -- is to claim temporary insanity. As he speaks, she starts fidgeting with her itchy bandage.
49) 24) dialog: Frankly, no. Neighbors heard screams. They have you at the scene, they have the murder weapon and they have your prints everywhere. The only thing they don't have is motive. She keeps absently playing with the bandage. The adhesive is giving. The bandage starting to peel off.
49) 26) dialog: And that's what's confusing them. The fact that you're a brilliant psychiatrist doesn't help either. It fills their heads with ideas. They figure if you were to plan a murder you might know how to fake insanity to get out of it. She pulls off half the bandage, back and forth. Not looking. BUT WE SEE the beginning of a pattern in her scarred skin --
49) 28) dialog: Good. I pass no judgment either way. The point is --
49) 35) dialog: It doesn't matter what I believe.
103) 0) text: Sheriff Ryan is busy at the urinal. But even here he can't find any peace because Teddy Howard is on his case --
103) 2) dialog: Hold on, there isn't even any substantial evidence --
103) 7) dialog: (handing him a paper towel)
103) 10) dialog: -- Let me ask you this, Sheriff: what exactly was a janitor doing with several vials of sedatives inside my client's cell? And is it not possible he had taken some drugs himself before my client -- Sheriff Ryan discards the paper towel and walks out to the waiting room, Teddy following closely --
104) 13) dialog: I'm only asking him where he got the coffee -- ?
150) 0) text: The FRONT DESK OFFICER is trying to hold back a grim Pete Parsons and Teddy Howard from heading to the back area. FRONT DESK OFFICER
150) 5) text: You know full well you're not allowed to see -- Teddy Howard slaps an official-looking document on him. TEDDY HOWARD