31) 1) text: POLICE CHIEF JAMES E. DAVIS, 40s, hard-edged and tall, st looking out the window as the radio drones on behind him.
31) 2) text: REV. BRIEGLEB (on radio) Because while the "gun squad" speaks in the only language Chief Davis understands, we speak in the language of compassion, truth and strength. We speak for our fellow citizens, beaten and killed by a renegade police department. (more)
46) 1) text: We HEAR the same train whistle from this side as Christin and Jones come to the ramp, POLICE CHIEF DAVIS is waiting The reporters are held back at the entrance to the platfo
66) 1) text: FAUX NEWSREEL FOOTAGE of Police Chief Davis speaking befo bunch of microphones.
147) 1) text: Mayor Cryer stands beside Chief Davis and addresses a rat noisy and worked-up press corps from behind a podium.
147) 7) dialog: The charge is conduct unbecoming an officer, and using improper and abusive language toward Mrs. Collins. It further charges that he exceeded his authority as a police officer by incarcerating Mrs. Collins on the alleged charge of insanity without sufficient cause.
147) 18) dialog: I won't even dignify that question with a response. Good day.
157) 68) text: Jones looks to Chief Davis.   It's a moment.    Then:
158) 1) text: A small crowd is assembled at the front of the station, w Chief Davis stands with the Boy who had been "Walter" as train pulls up before them.
158) 3) dialog: -- so after much effort, we were able to identify this boy, who was has been responsible for so much recent trouble, as Arthur Hutchins of Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Between this, and the arrest of the man suspected of murdering the real Walter Collins, we have cleared up two of the biggest mysteries in the history of Los Angeles. (beat) I hope that you gentlemen of the press will give as much space to the good things we do as the mistakes that are made on rare occasions.
158) 6) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you to the boy's real mother, Mrs. Janet Hutchins.
158) 11) dialog: Oh, no, not at all....
158) 27) dialog: There...blame the police for your own mistakes. We've seen a lot of that lately, haven't we?
158) 35) text: Chief Davis on the stand.
168) 1) text: Christine is standing outside, putting the horrors of the out of her thoughts, as a door opens and Chief Davis come out, followed by several reporters.
168) 3) dialog: -- no, as I said after the hearing, I have every intention of finishing my term as Chief of the Los Angeles Police Department. I will not resign. I will fight to the finish. The Collins case was merely an excuse for certain politicians who have been trying to have me removed for some time, and I --
168) 6) dialog: -- anyway, I remain confident that the Mayor's office will stand firmly behind me. That's all.