139) 1) text: Gordon is toweling off his hair when he hears a car door shut. Then another. He peers out the window. Several Roya Canadian Mounted Police cars have pulled up along the str Mounties are getting out, moving quietly toward the house
140) 1) text: Bob quietly lets the Mounties in. They signal for Bob to the hell out of there. Guns in hand, they climb the stair
140) 4) dialog: Go around the other side!    Cut him off!
140) 5) text: The others take off as he and another Mountie climb throu the broken window in pursuit of Northcott.
141) 1) text: Gordon races up one rooftop, over the top, then leaps to next one as, below, Mounties race to keep up with him, WH blowing furiously. He looks behind him to see the other t Mounties running rooftop to rooftop, coming fast.
141) 3) text: He leaps across one chasm, barely makes it, keeps running The rooftop Mounties follow. One of them makes the jump successfully, but the other falls short, plummeting to th ground three stories below. A leg snaps on impact. The fi Mountie hesitates, looks down. The second one waves him o
141) 5) dialog: Go on!   Get the bastard!
141) 6) text: He nods and continues the chase. Gordon runs for all he's worth.    The Mountie keeps afte
141) 7) text: Gordon makes another leap. The Mountie jumps...but he's s He grabs onto a rain gutter. Gordon sees his situation, r back, and STOMPS on the Mountie's hands, trying to get hi shake loose. The gutter starts to tear free --
141) 8) text: -- when a Mountie down below FIRES at Gordon, making him off. The Mountie clinging to the gutter starts to fall, t grabs a nearby pipe and crawls up to the roof. Keeps comi
141) 10) text: -- when the Mountie TACKLES him hard. The two go down in tangle of limbs, fighting, punching, kicking.
141) 14) text: With nowhere else to run, Gordon fights for all he's got, punches from both coming fast and furious. Finally, the Mountie backs off just a bit --
141) 16) dialog: Screw this...I'm too old for this fightin' shit....
141) 18) text: -- a garden below, CRASHING through carefully manicured f and trees to land with a THUD, the Mountie's impact cushi by Gordon.
141) 19) text: As the other Mounties come on the run, the first one stag to his feet and yanks up a bruised, bleeding but otherwis intact Gordon. Looks at him nose-to-nose.
141) 21) dialog: YOU...ARE UNDER...ARREST!