28) 1) text: Christine watches out the curtained living room windows, red rimmed from worry but not from tears, not yet, as a p car finally pulls up. Neighbors look on as the officers g out and approach the house. HOLD on Christine's face, pal and worried, UNDER:
43) 2) text: -- the window to Mr. Harris' office, where he is talking a police officer, CAPTAIN J. J. JONES, 30s, serious, arch
47) 1) text: -- the car door SLAMS and she and the boy sit side by sid The silence is in profound contrast to the madness of a m earlier. An officer gets in they drive off, passing Jones and the Chief of Police, talking quietly off to one side.
54) 1) text: Christine is cooking dinner when the doorbell rings. She opens the door to find a police officer and DR. EARL W. T sixties, mildly eccentric in appearance.
55) 1) text: -- as Dr. Tarr strides onward, the police officer and "Wa walking alongside as Christine brings up the rear. A few houses down they come to a group of CHILDREN playing.
55) 11) text: The kids exchange a glance. It's clear they don't recogni the boy, but they're intimidated by the presence of Tarr the police officer. A few reluctantly raise their hands. Another of them goes to "Walter," who is shorter than he
56) 1) text: Tarr, Christine, Mrs. Riley, the officer and "Walter" sta on the porch.
67) 1) text: A crowd of police officers, armed with machine-guns, BLAS the hell out of a group of guys lined up against a wall.
70) 1) text: Two officers are sexually assaulting a woman on the stair
75) 1) text: The glass door to Captain Jones' office is closed, but we SEE him on the phone. Finally, he hangs up and comes out the office. His tone is cold but neutral...we think this could go either way. He stops an officer.
112) 1) text: Jones has come out into the hall, where Briegleb, several supporters and a handful of reporters are standing at the receiving officer's desk. They approach quickly.
112) 19) text: He heads back the way he came as the others shout questio after him, held back by other police officers.
118) 3) text: Finally, in agony, Ybarra can't take it any more. He rise goes to the officer standing by the door to the bus.
118) 7) dialog: But --
118) 10) text: He leads Sanford away, then stops two passing officers.
118) 15) text: He hurries off.   The officers follow, not sure what's up
120) 1) text: Two squad cars pull up to the ranch. Ybarra and the other officers get out, guns up, not knowing if Gordon is still there or not.
120) 4) text: They move quickly through the area, checking the house. Everything's dark, silent. One officer runs into the hous there's a long pause...then he pokes his head out again.
120) 6) dialog: All clear.
121) 7) text: Sanford takes the shovel and starts cutting out sections dirt and lye, dust rising around them. Ybarra watches, pensively, as the other officers edge their way in. He's looking the other way when one of the officers reacts:
121) 9) dialog: Holy god....
121) 16) text: The officer races out of the barn as Ybarra looks to Sanf who is still digging, crying as he goes.
131) 1) text: Captain Jones is pacing nervously in the hallway for a lo BEAT when another officer steps out of an office with a b nameplate that reads CHIEF OF POLICE JAMES E DAVIS.
131) 3) dialog: The chief will see you now.
141) 22) text: And he YANKS Gordon toward the other waiting officers.
145) 1) text: Gordon Northcott, handcuffed, is led out of a train by se officers. The waiting PRESS rush toward him. He seems to enjoy the attention. Among the shouted questions we hear:
152) 21) text: Briegleb glances back. The police car has popped its door and two trench-coated officers are getting out. Christine stops a man passing in the opposite direction.
152) 29) dialog: Yeah...over that Collins broad, if you can believe that.
158) 34) text: Officer Ybarra on the stand.
188) 27) text: In the aftermath of the City Council hearings, the crimin justice system in California was revised to prevent women from being incarcerated or institutionalized for the crim disagreeing with a male police officer. Strict medical procedures were set in place to prevent future abuse.