7) 0) text: Located on Grand Avenue downtown, the huge switchboard ro is a maze of switching stations, tangles of wires and hea wooden headsets...a roar of buzzers, bells, circuits open and closing, and a hundred female operators speaking at o
7) 1) text: Supervisors on skates roll up and down the narrow lanes c by the banks of switching stations, going from one operat to another as needed. Christine is one of them. She turns at the SOUND of a bell struck twice, then rolls down the toward an OPERATOR frantically waving a pink sheet of pap
7) 4) text: The mortified operator hands her the headset and stalks o
7) 8) dialog: You deal with this one, I'm not going near it.
7) 20) text: She roller-skates off toward another operator waving anot pink sheet of paper.
15) 1) text: If the place was hectic before, now it's even worse: line buzzing, voices chattering, operators following Christine around with papers and question.
35) 1) text: As loud as before...until the operators see Christine, an the noise stops. She tries to smile, as if to say, I'm ok but can't quite manage it.
36) 1) text: Christine moves from station to station, the noise level noticeably low. Every time she approaches an operator, th lower their voices, as if not to bother her.
36) 2) text: One operator holds up a pink request sheet. Christine sta toward her, but then the operator glances to another supe and hands it off. Knowing she has to do something about t she turns to the room and, in a firm, clear voice, says:
37) 1) text: Mr. Harris steps out into the lunch area where a number o the operators and supervisors are hanging out.
37) 5) dialog: I think I saw her in the back office.
178) 3) dialog: Hey, Chris...we're having an Oscar party tonight at my apartment, you want to come?
178) 6) dialog: C'mon, please, they can wait --
178) 10) dialog: You're sure?
179) 1) text: The night shift operators are working, a smaller group bu still busy. We PAN through them until we start to HEAR th sound of radio-miked applause, then: