21) 10) dialog: Do you wish to see Miss Havisham?
21) 12) dialog: She don’t. (The gate is closed on PUMBLECHOOK. To PIP -) Come along. And with a glance back at the indignant, excluded PUMBLECHOOK, PIP follows her into the house.
22) 0) text: The gloomy house is lit by a great many candles. ESTELLA takes one up and leads the way. Portraits and draped furniture can be glimpsed as they make their way up a fin staircase towards a door. They stop outside.
22) 1) dialog: Are you frightened?
22) 3) dialog: Go in then.
23) 11) dialog: But he’s a common labouring boy. GREAT EXPECTATIONS (PAGES 10/12) 20.
23) 13) dialog: What do you play, boy?
24) 2) dialog: ‘Jack’! He calls the knaves ‘jacks’, this boy. (MISS HAVISHAM smiles) And what coarse hands he has, and what thick boots. He’s nothing but a stupid, clumsy labouring boy. Humiliated, fighting back tears, PIP looks to MISS HAVISHAM.
25) 0) text: PIP waits in the yard of the derelict brewery as ESTELLA approaches. She carries a tray of bread, a mug of beer which she places on the floor in front of the boy. It's as if he were a dog in disgrace. The gesture is so hurtful and humiliating that tears start in Pip’s eye. YOUNG ESTELLA sees this. With an effort PIP struggles to retain his dignity. ESTELLA merely smiles and walks away.
30) 0) text: YOUNG ESTELLA, austere and beautiful, opens the gate. Wordlessly, PIP follows. As they walk -
30) 1) dialog: Do you know the name of the house, boy? It is Satis House.
30) 3) dialog: Greek or Latin or Hebrew or all three, for ‘enough’.
30) 5) dialog: Don’t loiter! It meant, when it was given, that whoever had this house, could want for nothing else...
31) 1) dialog: They must have been easily satisfied. The shabby remains of the HAVISHAM and POCKET families wait, and wait, and wait. 35 GREAT EXPECTATIONS (PAGES 10/12) 25. Three women, one man, shifty, unappealing, they regard PI as birds of prey might regard a sickly lamb.
31) 3) dialog: (still walking) None of your business...
31) 8) dialog: Miss Havisham’s poor relations. She calls them her vultures. Ignore them. It drives them mad. PIP glances back at the glaring relatives and smiles. A sense of mischievous solidarity with ESTELLA -
32) 2) dialog: Certainly not. I have no relations.
32) 4) dialog: (stops suddenly, turns) Well?
32) 6) dialog: Am I pretty?
32) 8) dialog: Am I insulting?
32) 10) dialog: Why don’t you cry?
32) 12) dialog: You cried last time, I saw you -
34) 0) text: Eating his lunch, a hunk of bread, PIP starts to explore the strange, overgrown gardens. - In a courtyard, a once fine coach stands derelict, a remnant of another era. - The stables, empty and sinister. - A once elegant greenhouse, twisted and shattered. - Rows and rows of barrels, the source of the Havisham fortune, now broken and drained. There’s someone there. GREAT EXPECTATIONS (PAGES 10/12) 28. - YOUNG ESTELLA, stood still, holding her face up to the warmth of the sun, eyes closed. A private reverie. PIP hides, watches - - as now ESTELLA skips from barrel to barrel, singing quietly to herself. Youthful, natural, exuberant, not at all the stern and harsh girl we have seen before now. PIP watches, sinking deeper into love, when -
35) 1) dialog: You are to return the day after tomorrow at noon and alternate days after that. Expect no reward. As she turns the key, ESTELLA pauses.
35) 2) dialog: You may kiss me. If you like.
38) 1) dialog: Once there was a certain gentleman, very handsome he was, and Miss Havisham loved him and hoped to marry him. And he deserted her -
39) 0) text: Music plays on an old music-box. ESTELLA is teaching an awkward, clumsy PIP to dance -
39) 2) dialog: Because he was a man of course. This was before I was born. You are out-of-time. Listen -
39) 4) dialog: I remember nothing. Nothing before Miss Havisham. 1-2-3, 1-2-3
39) 6) dialog: Of course, what other name might it be? You ask a great many questions. I don’t ask you about your parents -
39) 8) dialog: Then we are both orphans. And that is all we have in common. Suddenly -
39) 11) dialog: (stepping away from him) Teaching Pip to dance. Like a gentleman. MISS HAVISHAM takes this in.
40) 0) text: JOE, absurd in his Sunday Best, looks in the mirror, lick his hand and smooths down a stubborn tuft of hair as ESTELLA leads PIP and JOE towards MISS HAVISHAM’s room. PIP holds JOE’s hand, reassuringly. But as they reach the door, he drops it.
41) 0) text: Imperious, MISS HAVISHAM surveys the Blacksmith who, in his anxiety and confusion, insists on addressing all his answers to PIP. ESTELLA watches, amused.
42) 2) dialog: It seems unlikely. And with this she turns and, holding the lamp aloft, walk away. C.U. on ESTELLA - her private sadness. JOE holds out his hand. A moment of hesitation, then PIP takes it and walks off into the darkness.
75) 0) text: The gardens are little changed since PIP and ESTELLA played there as children.
75) 1) dialog: I am to be sent to London. I am to go on show - myself and the jewels.
75) 3) dialog: Why ask? We have no choice, you and I, but to obey instructions. They are at the old brewery; the site of YOUNG PIP and HERBERT’s fight all those years ago. ESTELLA steps across the barrels - an echo of the past. For a moment, some of that old girlishness returns.
75) 4) dialog: I watched you, you know. That day, fighting for my honour. I must have been a strange little creature to hide and watch, but I did. I enjoyed it very much.
75) 6) dialog: Did I?
75) 8) dialog: Poor Pip. You imagine yourself a young knight from a child’s story, tearing away the cobwebs and thorns, letting in the sunshine. Marrying the princess. But you must know, Pip -— (a confidence) - I have no heart.
75) 10) dialog: Oh, I have a heart to be stabbed in or shot in, and if it ceased to beat I should cease to be. (she takes his hand, places it over her heart) But I have no softness there, no sympathy. Sentiment. Nonsense. I’ve been made that way. (PIP is about to speak) I am serious, Pip. If we’re to be thrown together you must believe me. For both our sakes.
75) 12) dialog: (A moment. ) Very well. It is said at any rate. Come, Miss Havisham will be expecting you at your old post. And she walks towards the house, PIP following on, his eyes fixed on her extraordinary beauty.
78) 0) text: JOE is back, hard at work, his back to the door. PIP watches for a moment. About to speak - But what could he possibly say? Unseen, he slips away without a word. EXT. COUNTRY LANE -— DAWN 117 Next morning, and their carriage hurtles towards London. In her furred travelling dress, ESTELLA is more beautiful than ever, and as PIP drinks her in, she leans out of the window, feeling the sun and breeze on her face. Exhilaration, an escape -
79) 0) text: ESTELLA’s luggage is unloaded at the door of the fine house of her chaperone, MRS BRANDLEY and her daughter MIS BRANDLEY.
79) 1) dialog: Mrs Brandley is to be paid a large sum of money to introduce me to society. The jewels and I. We are to be shown to people and people are to be shown to us.
79) 3) dialog: Of course. Miss Havisham expects it.
79) 5) dialog: Goodbye, Pip.
84) 0) text: A grand society ball is in full swing. The room is packed with young London’s brightest and finest. But none is mor striking, more beautiful and startling than ESTELLA. She stands amidst a pack of love-lorn suitors; handsome, high-society men. The FINCHES storm in and, sensing trouble, the crowd parts. ESTELLA catches swaggering DRUMMLE’s eye, and offers up a radiant smile. Then she sees PIP. Their eyes lock, and for a fleeting moment, there’s a loo of startling sadness and regret in ESTELLA’s eyes - Then it is gone, and once again she is beautiful, cold, invulnerable. She takes DRUMMLE’s hand.
84) 3) dialog: Remove your hand, sir. Their eyes lock - a challenge. ESTELLA is unflinching. DRUMMLE concedes. ESTELLA departs, leaving her would-be lover standing alone, humiliated. JAGGERS, watching, smiles.
85) 1) dialog: Oh, Pip, Pip. Will you never take warning? He turns. Bejewelled, silhouetted in the doorway in her ball-gown, she looks more beautiful than ever before.
85) 3) dialog: What?
85) 5) dialog: All sorts of ugly creatures hover about a lighted candle. Can the candle help it?
85) 7) dialog: Perhaps. If I cared.
85) 9) dialog: Pip, don’t let it affect you so.
85) 11) dialog: Do you want me to deceive you?
85) 13) dialog: Yes! Yes, him and many, many other men. I deceive all of them but you.
85) 15) dialog: Oh, Pip. Why do you think? A moment. The music from the ballroom can still be heard and, without speaking, ESTELLA crosses to PIP and takes his hand. Nervously, PIP places his other hand on ESTELLA’s waist. A breathless, intimate moment, their faces close as they dance. Then a voice -
94) 0) text: MISS HAVISHAM and ESTELLA are in their usual place, the old lady petting the beautiful girl who, nevertheless, seems to carry an extra weight of sadness with her today.
94) 12) dialog: It seems these are sentiments, emotions, that I am not able to comprehend. When you say you ‘love me’, I understand it as a form of words - (her heart -) - but it touches nothing here.
94) 14) dialog: Did I not warn you?
94) 16) dialog: Did you think I did not mean it? GREAT EXPECTATIONS (PAGES 10/12) 80.
94) 18) dialog: (a flash of anger) It is natural in me!
94) 20) dialog: Too late. A beat. ESTELLA looks to MISS HAVISHAM, then back to PIP.
94) 21) dialog: It's too late. I am going to marry him. The preparations are already under way.
94) 23) dialog: It is my own act. Miss Havisham has urged me to wait, to reconsider - She looks to MISS HAVISHAM, who looks away with what migh well be shame. With a defeated shrug -
94) 24) dialog: - but I am tired of my life. We will do well enough! (She holds out her hand) Give me your hand. (He does so. There are tears in both their eyes. A whisper) Be happy, Pip. This will pass in time. I‘1l be out of your thoughts in a week.
94) 27) dialog: I am what you made me! (eyes blazing) You are my mother, and yet I’ve never seen your face by daylight. Since I was a baby you taught me that was no such thing as daylight, that it had blighted you and would blight me too, if I let it. Well, I am what you made me. This is what you have made me! MISS HAVISHAM sits rigid, terrified beneath ESTELLA’s gaze. PIP speaks, breaking the spell.
120) 0) text: The exact spot, sixteen years before. JAGGERS steps down from the coach and approaches. He carries a bundle in his arms. A three year-old child, beautiful - THE INFANT ESTELLA.
122) 0) text: The INFANT ESTELLA steps climbs the gloomy staircase, her tiny hand in JAGGERS’ well-manicured fist. 172 173 174
124) 0) text: MISS HAVISHAM, some sixteen years younger than in the PRESENT, is seated at her place at the bridal banquet. A fire throws strange shadows onto the wall. Alone in this blacked-out room, with the strange veiled figure all in white, the infant ESTELLA is terrified. She glances towards the banquet, already mouldering and corrupted after six years of decay. INFANT ESTELLA looks to JAGGERS for aid, but he is alread stepping backwards towards the door. He looks shaken. And now the woman in white is holding out her hand. A glimpse of her face beneath the veil.
126) 0) text: The INFANT ESTELLA reaches her tiny hand out to MISS HAVISHAM. Behind her veil, MISS HAVISHAM smiles.
147) 0) text: A wordless scene. A bright spring Sunday morning twenty years before. MAGWITCH and MOLLY lie in tangled sheets, MOLLY’s sleepin head upon her husband’s shoulder. 197 198 199 GREAT EXPECTATIONS (PAGES 10/12) 105. In MAGWITCH’s arms is the baby ESTELLA, laughing, gurgling, her small hands reaching for her father’s face. MAGWITCH presses his face against his beautiful baby daughter, taking in the smell of her. He smiles, and laughs and laughs...
161) 1) text: 214 GREAT EXPECTATIONS (PAGES 10/12) lll. ESTELLA smiles - a smile that’s also sad, softened - and holds out her hand to PIP.
162) 0) text: PIP and ESTELLA sit. A comfortable silence, broken eventually.
162) 1) dialog: He died. Two years ago. He was beating his horse, and the horse had the good taste to kick him in the head.
162) 3) dialog: Pip, I know you too well for you to pretend a sorrow you do not feel.
162) 5) dialog: Then rest assured I feel none. My husband and I made each other perfectly miserable, just as intended. (a shrug, a wry smile) I have been bent and broken, but I hope into a better shape
162) 7) dialog: I’ve been abroad a great deal, travelling through the East, Africa, Arabia. I had heard that you were here, and thriving and I had a desire to see...my old friend. My only friend. (She takes his hand) When we last met, you said that you would always think of me -
162) 9) dialog: - that you would always think of the good in me. 214 GREAT EXPECTATIONS (PAGES 10/12) 111A.
162) 11) dialog: ‘You are in the ships’, you said, ‘and the river.’ She looks at him for a long time.
162) 13) dialog: I am glad. FADE TO BLACK.