4) 0) text: CHUCK AND RITA SIMPSON (50s) are eating Chinese food with their daughter, ROXANNE (20s) and Blaze. Roxanne is beautiful, easygoing. She's also seven months pregnant. The Simpsons are simple, working-class folk. Judging by t strained atmosphere, it's evident that they don't care to much for Blaze.
4) 6) dialog: (annoyed, protective)
4) 36) dialog: 
5) 0) text: Blaze enters. The apartment is dark- TV flickers. Roxanne is sleeping on the couch. On the coffee table: Chinese leftovers, fortune cookies.
5) 4) dialog: 
5) 7) dialog: I was worried about you. And I don't like your friends. But Blaze won't let her go back to sleep. He jostles her.
5) 15) text: I'm serious, Rox. This is important. He drags her up off the couch. Makes her stand up. She MOANS, scowls, but he gets her on her feet. ROXANNE
5) 17) text: (offers her coat) Put your coat on. You'll be glad you did. Promise. It'll be an adventure. A mystery tour. ROXANNE
6) 0) text: Blaze and Roxanne creep through a hole in the outer fence making their way to -- BLAZE
6) 5) text: You don't have to ride, just climb up. She steps up onto the wooden platform, smiles back at him ROXANNE
6) 9) text: Uh-oh. ROXANNE (TURNING BACK)
6) 11) text: Ever hear of a carnival wedding? Roxanne shakes her head. Blaze is fiddling with a crisp, dollar bill, folding it, making something.
6) 16) text: She nods, offering her hand. He slips the ring onto her finger and she examines it, lit up inside. ROXANNE
6) 18) text: How'd I ever find you? ROXANNE (SHRUGGING)
6) 20) text: I don't believe in fate. ROXANNE
6) 25) text: I promise you, Rox. I'll always be there for you. She takes his hand and places it on her belly. ROXANNE
7) 0) text: WHAM! Blaze enters, drenched from head to toe, frantic. Roxanne's arms are filled with laundry. BLAZE
7) 1) text: We gotta go. Get your stuff together. ROXANNE
7) 2) text: What happened? What's wrong? Roxanne follows Blaze into the bedroom. ROXANNE (CONT'D)
8) 0) text: Rain hammers down. SIRENS whine. Blaze shoves Roxanne and the suitcase into a beat-up El Camino.
9) 0) text: Blaze climbs behind the wheel, guns the engine even befor Roxanne has buckled in. He gnashes into reverse, grinds t car into a backwards spin --    
11) 0) text: -- passing a POLICE CAR coming the other way. Roxanne glances at Blaze, angry and disappointed. Blaze struggles. The rain. The wipers. The fogging windshield. It's a bad time to be Johnny Blaze. BLAZE
11) 2) text: The cop car is turning, heading back in their direction. ROXANNE JOHN --
13) 0) text: Blaze fights to keep it together. The road ahead is dangerously winding. Tires SQUEAL as he hauls a sketchy t Roxanne gasps, fearful, bracing herself. The police are gaining. FLASHING LIGHTS flood the interior. ROXANNE
13) 6) text: Blaze jerks the wheel. Roxanne SCREAMS. The car skids, slews off the road, CRASHES through a guard rail -- It plunges down a washout, flips end over end, shedding g and wreckage, finally SLAMMING to a dead stop at the bott of a rocky arroyo.
13) 8) text: Roxanne --? He struggles to free himself from his seat, SEES a torn s belt hanging beside him -- the passenger seat mr)ty. BLAZE (CONT'D)
13) 9) text: Roxanne?!
14) 2) dialog: ON ROXANNE
14) 4) text: are coming down the incline, guns drawn, FLASHLIGHTS beam They descend on Blaze, crying to pull him free of Roxanne
15) 4) text: Roxanne lays in a surgery bay, DOCTORS and NURSES milling around her.
16) 0) text: CLOSE ON Roxanne, on life support, hooked up to an array monitors. Sleeping Beauty, still as death. Blaze sits beside her bed. Handcuffed. Numb. Rain streams against a nearby window. Tree limbs tap against the glass, like gho scratching to get in. TWO STATE TROOPERS stand guard at a respectable distance, MURMURING to each other. Elsewhere -- BOOTS
16) 11) text: What kind of work? Starke just keeps smiling. Lays a comforting hand on Blaz shoulder as we drift towards Roxanne's beeping EEG.
20) 3) text: PAN OVER Blaze's belongings on the bureau -- a duffle bag old photographs of his previous life with Roxanne, a collection of blank postcards. Tucked amidst the photos i sonogram featuring a ghostly image of an unborn child. WEATHERMAN
61) 16) text: -- and it's Roxanne who is laying beside him now. She rol over to face him, smiles sleepily. Blaze reaches for her, touches her face -- and the moment shatters into violence
61) 18) text: WHAM! Blaze bolts up in bed, disoriented, shaken. Clearly some time has passed. Nomi sits across the room now, holding Blaze's tattered photographs in her hands, looking a little guilty. She's the paper wedding band which Blaze made for Roxanne too.' BLAZE
62) 1) text: Roxanne in the hospital, serene and beautiful. Starke handing Blaze the coin. NOMI
62) 5) text: Roxanne? Yeah, she's alive. She just doesn't know it. (off Nomi' s look) Coma. Probably never wake up. NOMI
117) 1) text: assault him -- good times with Roxanne, happy times, maki the onrush that much more unbearable. We INTERCUT --
117) 9) text: and Blaze at the obstetrician's. On the sonogram monitor, SEE unborn child shifting positions within Roxanne's womb PUSH IN on the eerily beautiful image and --
158) 0) text: A NURSE brings a postcard to a sleeping patient's bedside The patient is ROXANNE, sleeping peacefully, bathed in sunlight. The nurse tacks the card to a wall filled with many -- dozens and dozens of postcards charting Blaze's journey back and forth across the country. And we realize now, that Roxanne is the woman who has bee narrating our tale. (CONTINUED)    