35) 0) text: Tony bounds up the stairs and enters 67. VINCE JR.’s ROOM Nobody's home. The lights are out. Only the glow of the computer is on. Tony stares at the screen. 48 DENISE (on internet) Welcome, my new fat-friendly fan! You're now an official member of my club. If you see me at a BBW function in the New York area where I live, you can tell me you're a special member by saying our secret word: BOTERO. Tony scowls at the computer. TONY (to himself) Botero. 68. EXT. DENISE’S KITCHEN WINDOW Vince Jr. watches Denise. VINCE JR. (under) Botero... Then--the concrete block he’s on sways backwards.
35) 2) dialog: Looks up, frightened.
35) 3) dialog: Hey! Hello! Who’s out there? Vince Jr. scrambles to his feet, hops over a hedge and ru into his house.
39) 0) text: Tony is bending down to pick up the lumber he dropped. TONY’S POV Through his knees he sees Denise, the fat neighbor, exiting her back door. Tony looks, head upside down, as she waddles through her garden. Tony gets up. Stares at her. Mind working. He picks up the lumber and walks to the front of the house.
40) 6) dialog: I’m making Triple Braised Baby Back Ribs and deep fried potatoes au gratin! (and then) Want to go shopping with me? Vince Jr. gets to his feet. Stares at her. Tony stares at him. Finally: Vince Jr. smiles as he walks over to Denise. Tony watches, quietly pleased at his part in this little exchange.
42) 0) text: Vince Jr. pushes the basket as Denise fills it up with cartons of fattening food. Vince Jr. stops as he sees—
57) 0) text: The jeep pulls off into a vast parking lot. 105. EXT. DENISE’S HOUSE DAY Vince Jr. knocks on the door. His bearing is more confide less tentative. Denise opens the door. DENISE (nods, smiles) I’m making a triple Chocolate Death Cake--it’s a brownie base layered in white chocolate, milk chocolate and dark chocolate fudge sauce, covered in whipped cream. Come in!
59) 0) text: A clock on a neighboring wall reads 3:30. Vince looks bor to tears. But he’s getting closer. 108. INT. DENISE’S KITCHEN Denise cooking up a storm. On the walls hang posters of t art of Fernando Botero—delightful images of hugely voluptuous men and women. 65 VINCE JR. I was thinking of killing myself. Or cutting off a vital sexual organ in defiance. Anyway, I can’t tell anyone else I know.
59) 1) dialog: Oh, Vinnie. All those poor kids staring at swimsuit calendars. They don’t know it— but that’s as close as they’re ever gonna get! Vinnie Jr. looks at Denise. A major weight is being lifte off his adolescent shoulders. She smiles at Vinnie Jr.
59) 2) dialog: Who was the girl in the market yesterday? VINCE JR. (embarrassed) Just someone from school. DENISE (beat, then) She’s a sweetie. Invite her over. Vince Jr.'s face: what a party...
70) 9) dialog: You are beautiful honey! We're all beautiful people. Only our society has taught us that we're ugly if we’re not a certain weight. They teach you to be a glutton for every kind of product they sell, then they open huge supermarkets filled with food and tell you your not supposed to eat too much! Hello America! Where’s the beef? (pause) I said, where’s the beef? Vince Jr. snaps too. Grabs the platter of spare ribs. VINCE JR. Um, sorry. Here. As he serves the girls--
90) 32) text: You sonavabitch bastard—you better run! I’m gonna kill ya!! I’m gonna kill ya!! 145. INT. DENISE’S HOUSE NIGHT Vince Jr., Cheryl and Denise are eating M&M’s and watchin TV. Vince’s voice pierces the walls. Vince Jr. sits up. VINCE JR. Dad? Concerned looks. He gets up and goes to the window. Denis and Cheryl follow. They look—