0) 16) dialog: Vince! You fall in or something--what are you doin' in there? VINCE (0.s.) Shower! Joyce makes a jerk-off motion.
0) 17) dialog: I need the blow-dryer. No response. She goes to the bathroom door and bangs.
1) 0) text: Although the shower is running, VINCE RIZZO is NOT showering. He is smoking a cigarette, leaning against the tiny window and carefully blowing the smoke out. On his face, bemusement. As Joyce knocks--
2) 0) text: Joyce. As she moves down the hall she yells—
2) 1) dialog: Vinnie! You ready for your test today? 6. INT. VINCE JR.’s ROOM VINCE JR., seventeen, is skinny, all elbows and angst. He surfs the web for porn. We see quick flashes of breast legs, asses. VINCE JR. Uh, yeah. Just about.
3) 0) text: Vince Jr. exits the house, backpack slung over his shoulder, leans into Joyce’s jeep and starts it up. Across the street an OBESE WOMAN is leaving. She’s over three-hundred pounds but carries herself well, even proud She waves at Vince Jr.
4) 0) text: Joyce is almost done with her hair. Vince enters in a rob Now we see him clearly for the first time. Vince Rizzo is forty-ish. He is very much here and very much somewhere else simultaneously. Distraction is his mo His face which is a perfect poem of puzzlement. As he dresses—
4) 1) dialog: Call Vivian, will ya'? Find out what train she's taking.
4) 3) dialog: Spring Break. She's here all week. I thought we’d go out for Mexican tonight--
4) 6) text: And this summer, Vince? You are finishing that garage room and adding another bathroom-even if we gotta get you back on night shift to afford it! The slamming of the door as Joyce exits ends the conversation. Vince looks at himself in the mirror. His eyes seem to ask: is this a bad marriage?
6) 0) text: Joyce’s car pulls up. Vince Jr. gets out. Joyce scrawls her signature on a piece of paper and hands it to him.
6) 1) dialog: Write whatever, I don’t have time. She drives off. Vince Jr. waits a beat, watching her go. Once she's gone, he rummages through his bag again and pe in. A pack of Marlboro Lights and a bic at the ready. He sets his mother’s “note” on fire and lights a cigarette with i 11. INT. JOYCE’S CAR Joyce drives into the city. She reaches into her purse. A pack of Camel lights and a bic at the ready! She lights u her first smoke of the day and exhales gustily.
8) 10) dialog: Partrige, Amis, Pruitt and Van Helfen-- he's at lunch, would you like voicemail? She patches through without waiting for an answer. Takes her headset off and leaves. She hits another secretary's desk. Her name is TANYA.
8) 11) dialog: He played poker again last night. As she walks away, Tanya bails her station, eagerly.
8) 12) text: Wait! Joyce, wait!
8) 17) dialog: I checked his pockets. No money—and I figure Vince for a loser at cards. So he might really be playing poker.
8) 19) dialog: Besides, Vince isn’t really the cheating type. You know? I mean, that takes energy, planning.
8) 22) dialog: Good, but not positive proof. I gotta theory that most guys don’t bother to cheat cause it’s too much trouble. They like the sex up here— (she points to her head) --more than..you know. And honestly? What’s the difference? After awhile, marriage is really just about running a business.
8) 24) dialog: Shut up.
8) 26) dialog: Is that what you did to Jamie-Lee?
10) 36) dialog: Great Vince. Beautiful. Thing of beauty.
10) 40) dialog: I can take off a day or two next week-- maybe we'll go to the Botanical Gardens. Vinnie's been wanting to go. VINCE JR. (frowns) I what?
10) 41) dialog: To the Botanical Gardens. She whacks his 16 VINCE JR. (makes face) My face mom. It’s like: botanical gardens? Maybe a tour of the ziplock bag factory would be more interesting?
10) 45) dialog: Never. He's gonna stay in high school forever cause he's too smart to take any of his classes seriously. VINCE JR. What for--to get an "A"? Wow, I got an "A". Five more "A's" and I'll have a "Four point 0." Letters and numbers. All so I can grow up and be another meaningless-- JOYCE (jumps in) Prison guard like your father who didn't go to college either.
10) 47) dialog: I went to Oneonta— 17
10) 49) dialog: If I hadn't gotten pregnant—
10) 51) dialog: You didn't spoil anything. I only said that if I hadn't had you I woulda-- Suddenly Vince stands. Throws his napkin down.
10) 52) dialog: Where you goin'?
10) 95) text: Joyce and Vivian watch “American Idol", glassy eyed and bored. Vivian’s cell phone rings. She answers.
10) 97) dialog: Who was it?
11) 0) text: Vince smokes, blows it out the window. He reads a book: “ Actor Prepares.” But his eyes wander. 32. j.§INT. RIZZO HOUSE Joyce and Vivian reading the New York Post. Joyce is clipping coupons. Vince comes down the stairs. Pauses and looks at his wife and daughter. JOYCE (to Vivian) C'mon, let’s get movin’ before the crowd shows up. Vince and Joyce look at each other.
11) 3) dialog: You want balloons or somethin’?
11) 5) dialog: Since when don’t I make somethin’ nice?!
11) 7) dialog: Make it yourself! Vince and Joyce stare at each other, filled with frustration. Vince turns and storms out. 27
11) 8) dialog: The great communicator. Forget it.
24) 0) text: Joyce and Vivian enter, arms full of “Bloomie’s” packages
24) 1) dialog: Anybody home? Vince Jr. appears at the top of the stairs. VINCE JR. I’m here. So’s dad. He’s in the garage with some dude. They’re handcuffed to each other and have been back there for quite some time. Joyce’s face: turning colors.
25) 0) text: Tony sits in the garage, the door open. He’s listening to MAJOR ARGUMENT being played out a few feet away. None of is going as planned. VINCE AND JOYCE are in the kitchen but the backdoor is op We see them coming and going as the raging argument continues.
25) 1) dialog: You bring some filthy biker into my home without even so much as asking me—
25) 3) dialog: Where'd you meet this guy anyway?
25) 5) dialog: He’s a criminal? What, Vince, you just picked a con at random to bring into my house?
25) 7) dialog: What do you mean you knew his mother? When? Who was she?
26) 0) text: Tony sits, listening glumly. The matches hit the floor. He stares at them. On the cover: HELL’S HALF ACRE. A caricature of a curvaceous woman in red. He stares at it curiously. VINCE (0.s.) Jesus, you think I never met another woman on the face the earth aside a you? She was just a.. an old friend! As the argument goes on, Tony looks up and sees Vince Jr. in the window. JOYCE (o.s.) The answer is no, Vince! NO, NO, NO. I’m not cooking for an extra person. He can’t stay here. And if you don’t like it- Vince Jr. stares gravely at Tony. Then he gives him a thu up. Smiles at him. Tony gives him a thumbs up and smiles back.
27) 3) dialog: Shhhh! (pause, then) Vince says he was friends with your mom. TONY (mouth full) Oh yeah. Long time ago, I guess.
27) 4) dialog: I guess so. I never heard about it.
27) 6) dialog: Vince says she’s a nice woman. (and then, pointedly) Good looking I bet. Tony shrugs. Nervous eye contact between Joyce, Vivian, Vince and Vince Jr. Vivian whacks Vince Tony’s eyes go wide. VINCE (a statement) What.
27) 7) dialog: What what? VINCE JR. Mom, dad's right. Why don’t you just come right out and ask him if he had sex with her?
27) 9) dialog: Vinnie, you apologize to me!
27) 11) dialog: I don’t care if you had sex with her or not. Why’re you two ganging up on me? Vince Jr., pleased with himself for having jumpstarted the argument, watches it like a Tennis match.
27) 13) dialog: Well that must be real boring for you, Vince. Really. Who knew I was failing to keep you entertained all these years?
27) 15) dialog: Now you're on his side too, huh?
27) 18) dialog: Good, Vince, blame her for getting a real education—
27) 23) dialog: Upstairs! Go to your room! VINCE JR. “Go to your room?” Pretty lame, mom!
27) 26) dialog: Vince!
27) 29) dialog: Goddamit, Vince! That girl spends eighteen hours a day her head in the books and she finally gets a little time off to spend with her family and you gotta screw it up?
33) 0) text: Joyce exits from the kitchen and sits on a lounge chair. She has a pack of cigarettes and a glass of wine in her hand. She sits and looks up as she sees— TONY is sitting across the yard in the fold out chair. He sees her. Nods a greeting.
33) 1) dialog: Nods back. Lights a cigarette. JOYCE (across yard) My husband thinks I quit. Tony’s face: a private smile at his realization that Vinc and Joyce are equally guilty. TONY (yells across yard) One good thing about the joint—they don’t let you smoke anymore. I quit.
33) 2) dialog: Bein’ in prison and not bein’ able to smoke? That must be like..bein’ in jail. An odd pause as Tony considers this. 57. INT. VINCE JR.’s ROOM Vince Jr. is on-line. The site is: REAL CENTERFOLDS! Lots of pictures of blonde, bronzed, California models. His ey not interested. And worried too. Then— Vince Jr. types in “DENISEBBW.COM” and waits. A moment later, there’s the fat neighbor! He stares, both fascinat and ashamed. DENISE (on internet) Hi! I’m Denise and I’m a proud BBW. That's “big beautiful woman” for those of you new to this. I’m Five-eight, three-hundred and fifty pounds and I think eating and being a big beautiful woman is the sexiest thing in the world! If you join my club, you'll get twenty- 42 four hour access to a live image of my kitchen, where I spend most of my time when I’m not working. As she continues, Vince Jr. grabs a credit card belonging VINCENT RIZZO that he keeps displayed quite openly on his desk and enters the numbers. Hits JOIN NOW. He waits. Energized! Digging it! 58. INT. DINER WEST 42"? Street. NIGHT Vince and Molly, drinking coffee, eating French fries. A copy of BACKSTAGE is on the table.
33) 14) dialog: You must think we’re a bunch of—
33) 16) dialog: I mean, we don’t always act like a bunch of-—
34) 12) dialog: He started that room three years ago. Bought enough wood and junk to build a forest. That was gonna be his new career—-building stuff. He was all gung-ho and then..pffffttt. (shrugs ) He gets discouraged when things take too long. Like more than an hour. Tony clutches himself against the cool air. Joyce sees th
34) 13) dialog: Upstairs in my son’s room? There’s a bunch of sweaters. First door on the left. He nods and gets up...
35) 29) dialog: making coffee in the kitchen. She meets his eyes. Tony smiles at her. They each look away, bashfully.
35) 52) dialog: What time you get in, Vince?
35) 54) dialog: Win any money? Playing poker? She makes “quote” signs as she says poker. Vince drops hi fork and stares at her.
37) 0) text: Joyce looks out the window. Sees Vince walking away. She grabs her cigarettes from a drawer, steps outside and lights one. Tony is hauling away a pile of old lumber. Hot out. His shirt’s off. Joyce stares at his muscular back. In her eyes: she’s checking him out. As Tony turns and heads back to the house, the lumber in his arms-—- He stops. Sees Joyce. They look at each other. SOMETHING ABOUT THIS LOOK... TONY (nods) Hey.
37) 1) dialog: Hey yourself. She holds his eyes. Then turns and goes back into the house. She is twenty years younger in attitude. Tony 57 watches her. Then— He drops the lumber.
38) 0) text: Joyce enters, stops. Smiles to herself. She doesn’t see Vivian staring at her.
38) 1) dialog: Oh yeah.
38) 3) dialog: Oh, relax. Joyce walks away, blowing her daughter off.
43) 0) text: Joyce is putting on sweats and a big T-shirt. She opens her secret drawer and spies her cigarettes. Smiles. Goes to the window. And sees:
45) 0) text: Tony is hauling the last of the garbage out. He sees Joyce approaching.
45) 2) dialog: I don’t know. Vince tell you what he wants in here?
46) 1) text: Tony and Joyce talking. THEIR BODY LANGUAGE IS SIZZLING. Vivian's face: watching the encounter with horror.
47) 0) text: Tony and Joyce.
47) 1) dialog: I got no plans. Took today off. You know... (makes quote signs) «family time”.
47) 3) dialog: Preferences? For what?
47) 5) dialog: That’s funny. Why’s that funny?
47) 7) dialog: Yeah. Toilet. (pause, then) I better call my husband. She goes inside. Tony watches her go. TONY (to himself) No. No. No way. 62
48) 0) text: As Joyce dials-- JOYCE (to herself) No, no way. Nope.
50) 0) text: Joyce dialing the phone. JOYCE (into phone) Officer Rizzo, please. As she waits we hear Vivian SLAM the door. Joyce looks puzzled.
50) 1) dialog: Vivian? Hello? No response. Then, back into the phone—
50) 2) dialog: Yeah, I’m holding for my husband, Vince Rizzo. (pause, then) He called in sick? No, no message. She hangs up. A puzzled look on her face. Then she dials-
52) 0) text: Joyce’s face: crunching up with anger, with sadness, at another of Vince’s lies.
52) 1) dialog: Oh. Okay. No, I just was wondering if you had any preferences about toilets.
54) 0) text: Joyce looking out the window at the bare-chested Tony. He stops what he’s doing at looks back at her.
54) 1) dialog: Yeah. Good idea. I'll take Tony. Over Joyce’s face, one last sub-title: You’re goddam right he can probably help.
55) 0) text: Joyce and Tony driving in her car.
56) 0) text: Joyce drives. Tony stares out at the passing scenery. Pause. Tony sees something on the floor. It’s—
56) 2) dialog: Ug, Vince. Know how cops never leave the house without their gun? My husband swears that every car needs a good pair of handcuffs. Like he’s Joe Justice! TONY (looks out window) What’s that? 64
56) 3) dialog: Orchard Beach. Ever seen it?
58) 0) text: Tony and Joyce in the car, which is parked. Each stares straight ahead.
58) 1) dialog: Tony? You do anything else? Besides—
58) 3) dialog: Oh yes... They plunge into each other, face against face and start making out.
60) 0) text: Tony and Joyce are hungrily kissing each other. She Maneuvers herself off the drivers seat and onto his lap. Joyce's face: it’s been a long time since passion overcam her. Tony’s face: it’s been a long time period. Tony jams the seat backwards. Now it’s a bed. The make-ou continues.
64) 0) text: Joyce and Tony necking passionately. He fondles her breas As the make-out continues... 67
70) 0) text: Tony and Joyce in the car. They are still kissing. He begins to unbutton his pants. She helps him. But then she stops. Looks at him. As if to convince herself--
70) 1) dialog: S'okay, Tony. I’m not just like doin’ this for revenge...
70) 3) dialog: Don’t worry ‘bout that. He’s made his decisions. Now I’m making mine. She looks down at his crotch. Tony’s eyes are wide with anticipation. But—
70) 5) dialog: Hadn’t what? TONY (lost now) Made what you thought he’d made? Joyce stares at him. Now she’s a little pissed. But she plays coy. JOYCE (a little hurt) Maybe you got another feelin’?
72) 0) text: Tony and Joyce making out. Once again she’s heading for his crotch. Once again he stops her.
72) 1) dialog: What?
74) 0) text: The Jeep pulls up. Tony and Joyce get out. Obviously, they are not talking. Tony walks a little funny. As Joyce starts up the stairs— 77
77) 0) text: Tony looks upstairs at a light in the window. He can see the glow of a television and a silhouette of Joyce. He makes his way stealthily down the driveway, keeping his eyes on the window.
82) 0) text: Joyce is brushing her teeth. But she’s out of toothpaste. She opens a closet door and finds VINCE’S BOOK “An Actor Prepares”. She stares at it, suspiciously. Open it. Inside is a card, on which is written MOLLY CHARLESWORTH-917-463-3742. Joyce stares at the number, having at last found the enemy.
82) 1) dialog: Bitch.
84) 0) text: Joyce hangs up the phone, pain and anger in her eyes. She mimics Molly’s accent.
84) 1) dialog: Hulew! Hulew! Bitch.
90) 8) dialog: Yeah, Vince, I’m home. Where I live. (looks at Molly) Who's this? Molly stands and extends an arm.
90) 11) dialog: I got something to tell you, Vince. VINCE (eyes narrow) Oh yeah? Well, what we got to tell is really very important here.
90) 12) dialog: Oh really? Well what I got to tell is pretty important too.
90) 14) dialog: How would I know that Vince? I don’t know what you have to tell me. Beat. She has led him successfully down the path of total incomprehension. MOLLY (helpfully) May I say--
90) 15) dialog: Don’t say a word, bitch. Gasp. Molly looks astounded. Vince looks astounded. Joyce is calm with righteousness. But the pot has begun to boil
90) 17) dialog: Prick! Into my house you bring her, huh? Into my own house where I raised your two children you bring this.. thing of yours. Well lemme tell you Vince, I’m gonna do you a big favor. I’m gonna put both of you outta your misery here. I’m not gonna be insulted in my own house. I want you gone, Vince. Out of my life! No more running around behind my back. No more cheap, dirty lies! No more lying in bed wondering who else has been touching my husband. No more lying to myself that it doesn’t matter. 91 I found passion today, Vince, and it felt great. I was touched and kissed and held and it felt like you haven't made me feel in years! Molly and Vince are watching the monologue, mouths agape. Long beat.
90) 19) dialog: I’m talking about Tony! Big beat.
90) 21) dialog: More than “something”, Vince! Vince's eyes: thunderstruck. He suddenly rushes off into the kitchen. The sound of him wretching over the sink. Joyce looks perplexed. Molly doesn’t. She knows what’s wrong.
90) 24) dialog: That’s my car! Joyce watches as Tony and Vivian mount the stairs, still hand-cuffed to each other.
90) 30) dialog: Vince—get the key! Vince gets up, fumbles in his pockets and pulls out his keys. Hands them to Joyce and wields the knife at Tony wh looks terrified. Joyce unlocks Vivian who runs across the room. Tony shoves Vince away and dashes for the back door handcuffs dangling from his wrist.
90) 46) dialog: Leave him alone, Vince! 94 Tony howls in pain as Vince, in expert prison guard mode, subdues him, twists his wrist and drags him across the cement yard. He attaches the other end of the handcuff to the wooden deck. Then he runs to the garage, grabs the other pair of handcuffs and chains Tony’s leg. Tony is now chained, on all fours, like a wild animal. Vince whacks him across the face.
90) 47) dialog: Stop it! VINCE (whacks him again) Bastard!
90) 49) dialog: Is moved to action. She jumps off the back porch and throws her tiny frame onto Vince’s back. Pounds him with her fists.
90) 50) dialog: Stop it, Vince! He didn’t do nothing! Vince spins around, trying to get Joyce off his back but she stays attached.
90) 52) dialog: So what about yours, Vince? Your Molly Ringwald over there who's gonna take care of everything for you and who I’m supposed to thank for “being in your life”. You bring your filthy girlfriend into my house—
90) 55) dialog: His what?
90) 57) dialog: What De Niro movie?
90) 59) dialog: What kind of bullshit is that?
90) 61) dialog: You auditioned for a movie today?
90) 63) dialog: Acting class? When do you go to acting class?
90) 67) dialog: Is this just a lot of crap?
90) 69) dialog: I don’t believe you.
90) 71) dialog: Nothing, I was just..I was..just.. (feels scared) You're leaving me..for her. Aren't you? She nods to Molly. Vivian looks at Molly as if for the fi time.
90) 78) dialog: You stole the car?
90) 82) dialog: She is not!
90) 88) dialog: Why'd they take it away?
90) 90) dialog: They kicked you outta school and took away your scholarship over an ounce? Jeez. When I was at Oneonta, I couldn’t get back into my dorm after a weekend unless I was carrying an ounce! Vivian and her mother lock eyes. She sees at once that he mother would have been her best friend if she’d let her. Tears well up! 99
90) 103) dialog: Nothing. Said like: close call. Vince turns and stares at her. His eyes are pleading for an answer that won’t kill him.
90) 105) dialog: Nothing, Sweetie. (and then, looking at Tony) Your son was a perfect gentleman. Tony’s eyes meet Joyce’s: they know what they each shared and why their day together was ultimately a success. JOYCE (back at Vince) Anyway, how long you known about this guy? 101 Meaning Tony. Vince looks at her. Shrugs through his emotion.
90) 107) dialog: I thought you were just..sick of me.
91) 8) dialog: To my husband.
91) 11) dialog: To my husband. The best actor in City Island. Now we see Vince, standing at the barbeque. He smiles at Joyce. Then Tony steps up with his toast.