10) 64) dialog: Molly Charlesworth. A pleasure.
10) 67) dialog: I'd love to be drunk before we do this, but the chance of a blackout and the resulting loss of memory precludes that. Don’t you think? Vince nods, frozen, at the strange, attractive young woma 25. j$INT. EMPIRE DINER They each munch way-too-big burgers. Vince’s copy of “An Actor Prepares” sits on the table between them.
10) 68) dialog: Then the day-maid came into my room and said "Your father didn't kill himself. He tried to kill your mother." Only my mother was away—and my father was so drunk he thought their wedding portrait had come to life. So the cops took him in, my bro- ther and I were sent to live with my Aunt on her plantation in Hawaii where my bro- ther turned to opium by-products, I was shuttled to a series of dusty and best *forgotten Swiss boarding schools and my mother went into re-hab at Silver Hill where she met a patient who was a bricklayer and fell in love with him and married him twice. (pause, then) This was pre-Liz Taylor and Larry Fortensky. 20 Pause. She eats a pickle.
10) 71) dialog: No. That would make you too healthy to want to be an actor. Come on now, think.
10) 73) dialog: You mean, instead of telling her you're enrolled in a night class you tell her you're out gambling? Is that better?
10) 76) dialog: So tell it to me. Like you were confessing it. 21
10) 78) dialog: You mean, you could do worse? VINCE (nods) Yeah. Guess so.
10) 79) dialog: Try me.
10) 81) dialog: I know. Isn't it lovely? Vince's face: yes, this is the right way to look at it. S
10) 83) dialog: Where?
10) 85) dialog: And how old is your son? 22
10) 87) dialog: This is brilliant. How old were you when--
10) 89) dialog: And how did you recognize him?
10) 91) dialog: A child, conceived in love, but... «destined to a life of crime.
10) 93) dialog: What kind of car? VINCE (thinks) Chevy Impala.
10) 94) dialog: No. Anyway, what else? (long pause, then excitedly) You've never told your current wife about him. Or about his mother! Or about any of it! VINCE (long pause, then) I meant to. It was just..never the right time. 23 He stares off, unable to comprehend what’s happened to hi in the past day. Molly stares at him, fascinated.
10) 99) dialog: And there stand you, ready to save— what’s his name? VINCE (little smile) Tony. Tony Nardella.
10) 100) dialog: Ready to save Tony Nardella from the misery of the last mile and take him into the bosom of your warm-hearted family!
10) 102) dialog: Why not?
10) 104) dialog: She thinks you were a virgin when you met?
10) 106) dialog: She sounds like..a real dame. VINCE (nods) Yeah. A real dame. Looks great too. (pause, then) I don’t know..we ain’t exactly friends anymore. I don’t know when it happened. 25 MOLLY (pause, then) The re-appearance of your secret love child might well provide the solution.
10) 108) dialog: He'll provide a dangerous symbol of your own virility. She’ll be reminded of the very things that attracted her to you to begin with. You see, the Vincent she didn’t really know is the Vincent that she secretly wants back.
10) 110) dialog: No. But women are emotionally incoherent. It’s one of our defining characteristics. Molly watching Vince’s face: she can see he’s considering it. She pulls out a pen, jots her phone number on the bac of a card. MOLLY (cont.) I do some of my best work via cellular. Call me, Vincent. But only on a whim. And she hands her number to him and disappears into the starry night. Alone, Vince smiles at her as she leaves.
28) 1) text: Molly Charlesworth is in serious dish mode. She’s with a handsome man, drinking Manhattans.
28) 2) dialog: Then my brother had an affair with my stepfather who met my mother in re-hab—-this was pre-Liz & Fortensky and I was sent away to boarding school in Switzerland and— (her cell rings-she answers) Hello? (pause, she smiles) Well hello Vincent.
30) 0) text: MOLLY (into phone) My brother? Overdosed on heroin in the mens room of the diner on forty- second and tenth? Hold his hand and tell him I’m on my way! I’1l be there in ten minutes, Vincent! (to her date) I’m sorry, you understand, we’ll re-sked when I’m avail. And she's off, leaving a bewildered date in her wake.
33) 4) dialog: You must tell him, Vincent. Think of the drama of the moment. On the other hand, think of the drama of not telling him. Wait! Don’t think of anything, for Godssake! (she closes her eyes—and then) No. You must tell him. The longer he doesn’t know your true identity, the greater the sense of betrayal. He’s been betrayed enough. VINCE (guiltily) All started with me walkin’ out on him.
33) 5) dialog: No, don’t succumb to self-flagellation. I mean I understand it—it’s wonderfully Catholic, but you’re beyond it. You've opened up your home to a convicted felon. You’ve even shown him great trust by leaving him alone with your family. VINCE (dawning) Jesus. 43
33) 6) dialog: Because he’s your blood and if you can’t trust your blood, what the hell can you trust? Now you must take the final step and reveal his birthright to him. She inhales, satisfied that the decision is correct. Smil at Vince. A beat. He smiles back at her. One of those sha smiles that could go just about anywhere. Vince lowers his eyes first. They fall on her copy of ‘BACKSTAGE’, sitting on the table between them.
33) 8) dialog: Ugh. It’s an addiction. “Backstage”-- the Wall Street Journal for struggling actors. You peruse it for news on open calls for parts you won’t get in projects that are never made. For instance: (as she opens it and reads) Open call: Male, age 30-50, working- class type, no agency rep. required. Monday, 9 am, Canal Street Armory. (pause, thoughtfully) Hm. That one might be good for you.
33) 10) dialog: You've never auditioned? Oh Vincent, it’s dreadful. You go and wait in a room crowded with people who look vaguely familiar. They march you in. They stare at you. They hate you. You sing and dance and show off all of the talent that once thrilled your mother and father. They make faces. Sometimes they ask a question—very rarely. You're dismissed. You leave feeling like a failure.
33) 12) dialog: Having said that..you really should go on this one. It sounds perfect for you. She tears out the ad. Gives it to Vince who reads it. Intrigued.
34) 4) dialog: The answers are all there. Don’t worry, Vincent. For some reason, you’re very close to God right now. I don’t know why..but you can feel it in the stars. (dawning) Of course! Mercury’s in retrograde.
34) 6) dialog: Mercury—the wing-footed messenger. Represents communication and the process of life. Retrograde: traveling backwards. It happens three or four times a year— and since all backward movement symbol- izes a return to source, our atten- tions turn towards unfinished business. It can be a fine time for completing things. Re-connecting. Settling accounts. (and then) Letting the stars do their plentiful work. Vince looking at her. Something about her way...
34) 9) dialog: Oh really. What else could I do? What other profession would accommodate my behavioral problems? VINCE (smiles) Yeah. Sort of like getting paid for being a screw-up.
34) 10) dialog: Perfect. They both look off at the view.
35) 6) dialog: I think about it all the time.
35) 8) dialog: Scads—
35) 10) dialog: Where do you live, Vincent?
35) 12) dialog: No thonx.
35) 14) dialog: Nothing. Ogden Nash. Skip it. For all I know, the Bronx is lovely.
35) 16) dialog: Really? (this appeals to her) City..Island. On the one hand a paradox— a peaceful island located within the world’s busiest city. Further, the words stand in stark relief from each other—"city”, so short and abrupt and definite and “island”—exotic, unknowable and with the silent “s”.
35) 18) dialog: Every busy city needs an island of peace. Like every busy soul needs a 50 place of repose. A place where we hide from our own frantic stories while they..madly, insanely, obsessively pursue us. Pause. This last was said with a vigor that denotes to Vi another side of Molly, another angle. He looks at her, unafraid and unbashful. Molly looks him right in the eyes Then, she opens her purse and pulls out an envelope. She hands it to Vince.
35) 19) dialog: There it is, Vincent. My secret. He begins to open the envelope. But she stops him.
35) 20) dialog: No. Not yet. I need it to stay mine for just a little longer. Once you know it, it’s no longer truly a secret. (mysteriously) There’1l be a moment when it’s obvious. Carry it with you. The moment could come at anytime. Molly and Vince smile at each other. A beat. As they look out at the glittering view of Manhattan—
35) 21) dialog: Oh, Vincent. What a wonderful time to have not disappeared. MONTAGE — SUNDAY AT THE RIZZO’S
66) 0) text: The theater spot for actors, employed and unemployed. Vince and Molly sit at the bar. He drinks a beer. She drinks a Martini, astounded at the story he’s telling.
66) 1) dialog: You did an improv for Martin Scorsese? Vincent—that’s no everyday garden variety audition. You’re..why you’re in the elite corps of auditioneers.
66) 3) dialog: What do you mean?
66) 5) dialog: That’s even better. You co-opted another’s experience and filtered it through your personality and out came a performance. That’s not bullshit, Vincent. That’s acting. He looks at it nervously.
68) 0) text: Vince on the phone. what's happening. Molly is jumping up
68) 5) dialog: They called you back? VINCE (stunned) I guess so. can see in Molly’s face that she is both excited and disappointed. Molly stands on the
68) 6) dialog: Oh, Vincent. Your first time out...
68) 9) dialog: Then you'll probably get the job!
68) 11) dialog: Hello everyone! Listen to me! This is my friend Vincent Rizzo and on his very first audition ever he got to improvise for Martin Scorsese and they've already called him back to read with the other actors. (and then) And he's a prison guard! 73 The people at the bar all applaud. Way to go! Who says it can’t happen?
71) 0) text: Vince and Molly, having another round. They’ve had a few already and this, combined with the events of the day, are sending them into the orbits.
71) 1) dialog: I have a dear friend who was sleeping with a William Morris agent for weeks! I’m sure she would put you in touch if there was a deal to be made. 75
71) 3) dialog: What about your wife, Vincent? Have you thought of how you’ll tell her? I mean—she doesn’t even know of your acting ambitions as yet, does she?
73) 2) dialog: I suppose the truth is out of the question. VINCE (quickly) Oh yeah. (pause, an idea) I got it! You’re my manager! We’ll say that you discovered me. MOLLY (warming to the idea) In some strange way-—my brother’s an inmate or some such nonsense, and I’m a talent manager and I brought you in to read for Mr. Scorsese. Right. If she has any problems, they’1ll be directed at me. VINCE (not liking that) Is that okay?
73) 3) dialog: Wives always hate me, Vincent. I’m used to it. (pause, then) City Island. Here we come. He gets to his feet. Wobbly! So’s she. They hold onto eac other as they exit into the twilight.
75) 0) text: The Rambler approaches the exit sign that reads: CITY ISL AND ORCHARD BEACH. MOLLY (points out) Oh look! You can see the bridge from here! And boats. And co-op city! What a brilliant sunset. Can we stop?
80) 0) text: Magic Hour—a glorious summertime 7PM, where the sun hangs the air, slowly sinking. Molly and Vince stand at Island’ edge.
80) 1) dialog: Every busy city needs an island of peace. And every busy soul needs a place of repose. (pause, then) Tell it to me again. Your big secret.
80) 3) dialog: But how did it work? How did you meet his mom? And when did you know you were leaving? Beat. Vince looks into her and can see that she has a rea for wanting these specifics. Deep breath. Here it goes... 79
82) 0) text: Joyce is brushing her teeth. But she’s out of toothpaste. She opens a closet door and finds VINCE’S BOOK “An Actor Prepares”. She stares at it, suspiciously. Open it. Inside is a card, on which is written MOLLY CHARLESWORTH-917-463-3742. Joyce stares at the number, having at last found the enemy.
83) 0) text: Vince and Molly. VINCE (finishing his tale) And then the next things she’s pregnant and by then I knew she was bad news for me and I tried to get her to get rid of the kid. (remembering the moment) And she said to me: “I know you'll be leaving soon anyway. And I ain't get- ting left with nothing for myself.” And that’s how I knew she was having the kid and I had to just..do what I had to do. (pause, then) I had seventy-five hundred bucks saved from when I started working with my dad on his boat. It was gonna put me through City College. I sent it to her instead. Then I got hooked up with the prison 80 stuff—figured I needed a good steady income and pension. I never heard from Nan again.
83) 1) dialog: And did you ever tell anyone else in your family?
83) 3) dialog: Leaving’s never pretty. No matter how you do it. A beat. Then Molly's cell phone rings. She answers it.
83) 4) dialog: Hello...Hello... But there’s nobody there.
84) 0) text: Joyce hangs up the phone, pain and anger in her eyes. She mimics Molly’s accent.
85) 0) text: Molly and Vince. She hangs up the cell. An odd look in he eye.
85) 1) dialog: There was nobody there.
85) 3) dialog: No, it wasn't a wrong number, it was... an announcement. A ring—a bell, an indication.
85) 9) dialog: With my husband in Schenectady.
85) 11) dialog: The real question is: what am I doing down here? (and then) That’s where I’m from, Vincent. Born and raised.
85) 13) dialog: My father was the janitor at the grade school. My mother left when I was six. (the photo) And their mother left a year ago. Big beat. Vince connecting the enchantress he knows with the woman she’s revealing herself to be. VINCE (pause, then) Why?
85) 14) dialog: To see if it was possible to pretend the past never existed. (and finally) Don’t hate me, Vincent. I thought if anyone might understand, it would be you. Vince looks at the picture. Then at her. In his eyes, sadness—as much at himself as at her. He extends his hand. She takes it.
89) 9) dialog: What’s wrong?
90) 0) text: Vince and Molly in the living room. Vince unpacks his pockets of keys, change. Molly sits on the couch.
90) 4) dialog: Vincent, darling, it’s the wrong way. Women—they feel challenged by too much honesty too quickly. Joyce's face: what the hell?
90) 6) dialog: Vincent, darling, thirty years I've been a woman. Let me handle her. We begin casually. No mention at all of anything unusual going on. Before she can even think to ask what I’m doing here, she’ll be thanking me for having come into your life. Joyce's face: enough is enough. Slowly she walks down the stairs. Molly sees her first. Looks puzzled. Motions to Vince who turns.
90) 9) dialog: Molly Charlesworth. A pleasure! Joyce doesn’t take her hand. Uncomfortable pause. Molly withdraws it and looks at Vince. 90
90) 22) dialog: Oh dear. Greek in scope... Just then—
90) 54) dialog: I’m his manager.
90) 60) dialog: Actually, he hasn't been signed yet. But he auditioned today and apparently made quite an impression. They’ve called him back.
90) 66) dialog: It’s a ruse, you see. He didn’t want you to know because Vincent has feelings of shame and inferi- ority about his ambitions. 96
90) 115) dialog: Sitting, watching as Manhattan recedes from view, the sun breaking over the city.