14) 0) text: Tony Nardella stands there, puzzled. Vince approaches the glass wall that separates them. Into the microphone--
14) 2) dialog: Yeah. That’s life.
14) 4) dialog: Yeah.
14) 6) dialog: Yeah. VINCE (pause, then) How’s she doin’?
14) 7) dialog: Not so good. Dead. (and then) Four years ago. Beat. Vince’s face: a flicker of emotion at the news.
14) 9) dialog: You knew her?
14) 11) dialog: So. Anything else? isn’t how to deliver this. Finally— VINCE (looking away) I spoke to Warden Amboy. And uh... (pause, then) You're bein’ released to me. You’1l be under my personal care for the next thirty days. I live in the Bronx. this sounds fishy, to say the least. us through—
15) 0) text: Vince escorts Tony, still wearing handcuffs but now in hi street clothes—jeans, boots, leather jacket. In his eyes: a look of suspicion. 29
16) 0) text: Vince driving. Tony staring ahead, frozen in fear. We see that his handcuffs are still on and chained to the door of the car. Tony stares straight ahead, miserable and afraid.
20) 0) text: Vince pulls up to his house and parks. Stops and looks at his son. TONY (uncomfortably) What? VINCE (pause, then) Nothin’. Vince smiles goofily. He’s with his long lost son! 30
20) 1) dialog: Can I ask you..like..why I’m chained to a Dodge?
20) 3) dialog: You got them chained up in the house too? VINCE (ignores this) You're gonna get real food and a nice place to live for the first time in three years.
20) 4) dialog: And all of this is because you knew my bitch mother?
20) 6) dialog: A drunk and a whore?
20) 8) dialog: She used to punish me for not boosting cases of Vodka from the liquor store where I worked by screwing my friends. Which base does “drunk and whore” not cover? VINCE (gingerly) Don’t you have any nice memories of her? TONY (sullenly) At least she was around. My father left before I was born. 3 Pause. Then--
20) 10) dialog: He’s dead. Vince's eyes say: so that’s what she told him.
20) 12) dialog: Only thing that’s too bad is I didn’t get to visit his deathbed and dance on his ugly face for leaving me with that bitch. Vince’s face: taking in their father/son vibe.
21) 0) text: Vince gets out. Unchains Tony but then rechains him to hi own wrist.
21) 1) dialog: Do I ever get uncuffed?
21) 3) dialog: Run away. Gee. Why would I do that? They walk, chain in chain, down the side of the house... VINCE JR. Watches from an upstairs window. What he sees is: his fat chained to a young, tough-looking guy walking him to the back of their house. He stares at the two of the them.
23) 0) text: 32 A concrete floor, a cot and exposed plumbing. Tony takes this in.
23) 2) dialog: Scuse me?
23) 4) dialog: How’m I supposed to build a bathroom with handcuffs on me?
23) 9) dialog: A good lay? makes Tony smile too. Vince unlocks the pulls out a pack of cigarettes and APPROACHING. Panic in Vince’s eyes.
23) 11) dialog: Is that what you call her? ‘Shit, my wife?’ the butt out on the floor and waves the
23) 13) dialog: I can tell.
23) 15) dialog: We on a bowling team together?
25) 0) text: Tony sits in the garage, the door open. He’s listening to MAJOR ARGUMENT being played out a few feet away. None of is going as planned. VINCE AND JOYCE are in the kitchen but the backdoor is op We see them coming and going as the raging argument continues.
26) 0) text: Tony sits, listening glumly. The matches hit the floor. He stares at them. On the cover: HELL’S HALF ACRE. A caricature of a curvaceous woman in red. He stares at it curiously. VINCE (0.s.) Jesus, you think I never met another woman on the face the earth aside a you? She was just a.. an old friend! As the argument goes on, Tony looks up and sees Vince Jr. in the window. JOYCE (o.s.) The answer is no, Vince! NO, NO, NO. I’m not cooking for an extra person. He can’t stay here. And if you don’t like it- Vince Jr. stares gravely at Tony. Then he gives him a thu up. Smiles at him. Tony gives him a thumbs up and smiles back.
27) 0) text: They eat in uncomfortable silence. Tony gobbles up the home-cooked food. VINCE JR. Guess this is better than the crap they serve you in jail, huh? Vince hits Vince Jr. on the arm.
27) 20) dialog: watches the family as they recede into their own thoughts He continues shoveling food down. Long pause. Then— VINCE JR. I’m sorry, Vivian.
27) 31) dialog: Uh..dinner was great. Joyce nods, looks away. She’s crying.
33) 0) text: Joyce exits from the kitchen and sits on a lounge chair. She has a pack of cigarettes and a glass of wine in her hand. She sits and looks up as she sees— TONY is sitting across the yard in the fold out chair. He sees her. Nods a greeting.
33) 15) dialog: No, no, not at all.
33) 17) dialog: No, forget it I..I understand. Long pause. Then, with radical simplicity—
33) 18) dialog: Families are tough. Joyce looks at Tony. Appreciates his calm stoicism. 60. INT. VINCE JR.’S ROOM Vince Jr. is staring at the site. A spinning umbrella. Then he hears-- DENISE (on internet) Welcome, my new fat-friendly fan! Vince Jr. looks at his computer, excited. DENISE (on internet) You're now an official member of my club. If you see me at a BBW function in the New York area where I live, you can tell me you're a special member by saying our secret word: BOTERO. VINCE JR. (to himself) Botero. A moment later, an image of a kitchen appears. 45
35) 0) text: Tony bounds up the stairs and enters 67. VINCE JR.’s ROOM Nobody's home. The lights are out. Only the glow of the computer is on. Tony stares at the screen. 48 DENISE (on internet) Welcome, my new fat-friendly fan! You're now an official member of my club. If you see me at a BBW function in the New York area where I live, you can tell me you're a special member by saying our secret word: BOTERO. Tony scowls at the computer. TONY (to himself) Botero. 68. EXT. DENISE’S KITCHEN WINDOW Vince Jr. watches Denise. VINCE JR. (under) Botero... Then--the concrete block he’s on sways backwards.
35) 25) dialog: Already awake, doing push-ups on the cement floor of the garage room. He doesn’t notice her. She glares at him, mistrust in her eyes. She walks away. Tony keeps doing pushups.
35) 27) text: Vince and Tony examining the little room, drinking coffee
35) 32) dialog: Oh yeah?
35) 35) dialog: Huh. As Tony grabs another bag, we see the expression on Vince face: he and Tony are not connecting.
35) 39) dialog: And all you really got goin’ is an acting class? 53
35) 41) dialog: I quit inside.
35) 43) dialog: Plenty other things that are worse. guilty at what he knows must go on.
35) 47) dialog: I went right up to the ugliest guy I could find and said: “I think I’m pissed off with you but I don’t know why. Do I got a reason?” VINCE (smiles) No shit?
35) 48) dialog: Yeah. I was like: gimme your top ten reasons you’re a piece of shit and I’1l let you know when somethin’ rings a 54 bell. Just don’t lie to me and don’t figure me for one of your sissy-boys who're gonna put out for you, you sadly deformed excuse for humanity posing as a piece of prison garbage. (pause, he shrugs) It worked. They thought I was psycho. I was just..acting. Tony turns away. Keeps working. But Vince looks at Tony. Admiration in his eyes. And yearning to connect to him. 79. j.INT. RIZZO HOUSE Tony wanders over to the living room where he sees
35) 50) dialog: Think it’s lunchtime. VIVIAN (an odd grunt) Nhhff. She buries her head in her book. Tony stares at her for a beat. Then he leaves.
36) 0) text: Tony shovels dirt from one pile to another. He goes to th
36) 2) dialog: Relax. Just me. (re: the ad) What’s that?
36) 4) dialog: Why not? Isn’t that what you wanna do? Try acting?
36) 6) dialog: You should do it. He walks away. Vince stares at the ad.
37) 0) text: Joyce looks out the window. Sees Vince walking away. She grabs her cigarettes from a drawer, steps outside and lights one. Tony is hauling away a pile of old lumber. Hot out. His shirt’s off. Joyce stares at his muscular back. In her eyes: she’s checking him out. As Tony turns and heads back to the house, the lumber in his arms-—- He stops. Sees Joyce. They look at each other. SOMETHING ABOUT THIS LOOK... TONY (nods) Hey.
39) 0) text: Tony is bending down to pick up the lumber he dropped. TONY’S POV Through his knees he sees Denise, the fat neighbor, exiting her back door. Tony looks, head upside down, as she waddles through her garden. Tony gets up. Stares at her. Mind working. He picks up the lumber and walks to the front of the house.
40) 1) dialog: He places the lumber next to the trash. Looks at Vince Jr A beat. Then Tony says, with a nod to Denise’s house:
40) 2) dialog: Botero? Pause. Vince Jr. looks afraid, like he’s been found out.
45) 0) text: Tony is hauling the last of the garbage out. He sees Joyce approaching.
45) 1) dialog: Almost done with the trash. What’s next?
45) 3) dialog: Toilet. Walls. Shower stall. Floor. He wasn’t specific. But—we could go to a..you know..bathroom place and pick some stuff out. Maybe. If you feel like it. 61
46) 1) text: Tony and Joyce talking. THEIR BODY LANGUAGE IS SIZZLING. Vivian's face: watching the encounter with horror.
47) 0) text: Tony and Joyce.
47) 2) dialog: Yeah, well, maybe we should ask Vince if he has any..preferences.
47) 4) dialog: You know. Toilets and stuff. The word “toilet” makes him laugh. She laughs with him, not knowing why.
47) 6) dialog: Cause it’s..you know. ‘Toilet.’ Exaggerating the word. They laugh. Look at each other.
54) 0) text: Joyce looking out the window at the bare-chested Tony. He stops what he’s doing at looks back at her.
55) 0) text: Joyce and Tony driving in her car.
56) 0) text: Joyce drives. Tony stares out at the passing scenery. Pause. Tony sees something on the floor. It’s—
58) 0) text: Tony and Joyce in the car, which is parked. Each stares straight ahead.
58) 2) dialog: Boosting a car? Just some kid stuff. Held up a gas station. Robbed a pharmacy. Couple of jewelry stores. (he looks at her) You afraid of me? Long pause. Then—
60) 0) text: Tony and Joyce are hungrily kissing each other. She Maneuvers herself off the drivers seat and onto his lap. Joyce's face: it’s been a long time since passion overcam her. Tony’s face: it’s been a long time period. Tony jams the seat backwards. Now it’s a bed. The make-ou continues.
64) 0) text: Joyce and Tony necking passionately. He fondles her breas As the make-out continues... 67
70) 0) text: Tony and Joyce in the car. They are still kissing. He begins to unbutton his pants. She helps him. But then she stops. Looks at him. As if to convince herself--
70) 2) dialog: No, look, I don’t care. Doesn’t matter to me. She undoes his pants. The make-out continues. TONY (cont. ) Only lemme ask you... (pause) If he wasn’t foolin’ around on you—
70) 4) dialog: Okay, but what if..what if he hadn't?
70) 6) dialog: What other feeling? JOYCE (demure) I don’t know. Like you don’t like me? 74 Tony stares at Joyce.
70) 7) dialog: This is definitely not the case. HE CRASHES HIS MOUTH INTO HERS. And the make out continue 120. INT. DENISE’S HOUSE DAYLIGHT Denise, Vince Jr. and Cheryl eat a mountainous meal.
72) 0) text: Tony and Joyce making out. Once again she’s heading for his crotch. Once again he stops her.
72) 2) dialog: Joyce. I can’t. It’s not that I don’t wanna. It’s not nothin’ except... Joyce. Maybe your husband... (pause) I mean maybe he’s got something else goin’ on in his life. Maybe it’s not a poker game but that don’t mean it’s gotta be another woman. JOYCE (sarcastic) Oh yeah? What’s he, taken a class somewhere? Puh-leeze. Tony’s eyes: wide! She’s onto it and doesn’t know it.
72) 3) dialog: Joyce. (and then) I'm sorry. I can’t. He’s looking ahead, frozen with the demands of his own conscience. Joyce sees that he means it. Tony’s eyes: 76 conflicted between what he thinks is right and what his d thinks is right.
74) 0) text: The Jeep pulls up. Tony and Joyce get out. Obviously, they are not talking. Tony walks a little funny. As Joyce starts up the stairs— 77
74) 1) dialog: Hey. Thanks. (pause) I had a great time. Joyce looks at him, profoundly hurt and annoyed. She shak her head patronizingly and enters the house. Tony stares after her as the door slams. Once she’s gone—
74) 2) dialog: Shit. Shit. Shit.
76) 0) text: Tony sits, glowering. Suddenly Tony stands up and BANGS his head against the wa once, twice, three times. Scary. He pauses. Self-loathing and fury in his eyes. Then he notices:
77) 0) text: Tony looks upstairs at a light in the window. He can see the glow of a television and a silhouette of Joyce. He makes his way stealthily down the driveway, keeping his eyes on the window.
79) 0) text: Tony opens the door to the jeep. Quickly and expertly attaches the wire to the ignition head. Pigs it to anothe wire. A moment later, the engine starts. He shuts the door, quickly backing out of the driveway an jamming forward, down the little street. Tony has boosted the Rizzo’s car.
81) 0) text: Tony drives, Reggae dance hall BLARING from the radio. He grooves along with the radio, cruises in and out of traff and generally seems to be having a great time. Freedom!
87) 0) text: The Jeep pulls in. Plenty of other rowdy cars in the park lot. Tony parks and gets out. Feels fucking great! 137. INT. HELL’S HALF ACRE Tony enters. A bouncer stands at a curtain. Behind him is visible the bar and the elevated dance floor. Stripper undulate. The bouncer looks at Tony.
87) 3) dialog: Heineken. 83 Bruno nods, pours a cold one. Tony puts down a twenty. Turns and looks at the stage longingly. Three strippers, pole dancing. Hot stuff. Tony stares, trying to drink in a good long look. Then—
88) 2) dialog: Shit. 84 The bouncer stares at him.
88) 6) dialog: watches Vivian discover the jeep. Fear in his eyes. He briefly looks like he might flee. But this is not an option. After squirming a little, he heads toward her.
88) 7) dialog: Uh. Hi. VIVIAN (furious) What are you doing here?
88) 8) dialog: Yeah, well, guess I could ask the same question.
88) 10) dialog: Does she know you’re a stripper? Beat.
88) 12) dialog: I really think before you do anything we should talk.
88) 14) dialog: I thought you went to college.
88) 16) dialog: What's this, your part-time gig?
88) 18) dialog: So you do go to college?
88) 25) dialog: 
88) 29) dialog: 
88) 32) dialog: DOES THAT MEAN IT’S OKAY FOR ME TO TELL YOUR PARENTS ‘BOUT WHAT YOU DO?
88) 35) dialog: 
88) 39) dialog: 
88) 42) dialog: SHOWIN’ YOUR TITS FOR MONEY, WHAT'S
88) 48) dialog: throwing her to the ground. Beat.
88) 49) dialog: Oh, the hell with all of you.
88) 52) dialog: I’m taking your mom’s car back with you in it-—so you know I really delivered. And only you know I took it and only I know you work here. That’s the deal forever. Un- less one of us blows it. (then) That’s how it works where I’ve been and that’s how it’s gonna work with you and me. Got it, Vivian? She gets it. But she looks at the handcuffs.
88) 54) dialog: Sorry. But your behavior towards me in the past few days hasn’t exactly earned my trust. Vivian's hostile glare at Tony is mixed with something el the guilty knowledge that he’s right.
89) 0) text: Tony drives with his un-handcuffed hand. Hostile silence.
89) 2) dialog: I have no idea. Hostile silence. Then—
89) 4) dialog: Nothing.
89) 6) dialog: I gave you my word, didn’t I? My word is my word. Which is something you and your jerkoff family probably never heard of. Bunch of lyin’ psychos. Tony is finished. He stares ahead at the road. Vivian doesn’t react overtly. But in the mirror we see that her eyes are welling up.
90) 36) dialog: I didn’t screw nobody! 93
90) 39) dialog: Vince is wielding the knife, trying to trap Tony who's dodging and feinting for his life.
90) 40) dialog: Put it down, man, put it down! You're making a huge mistake!
90) 44) dialog: There. No more knives, okay? (he approaches Vince) Peace. Okay? I don’t know what you think happened here—but peace. Okay, Vince? Then we'll talk. He’s holding his hands out like a suspect apprehended. The handcuffs dangle from his wrist. VINCE (pause, then) Okay peace. Vince holds up his hands in mimicry of Tony. Then—
90) 48) dialog: Leave me alone! As Vince winds up to whack him again—
90) 74) dialog: Tell him. (looks up at Vivian) Tell him! She shakes her head, nervously.
90) 76) dialog: Tell him the truth! You're all so sick, just tell each other the Goddam truth! Joyce and Vince staring at their daughter. Tony looks as well. He and Vivian lock eyes. It’s clear she won’t give first so-
90) 77) dialog: I stole your car. You hear me? I boosted your Goddam car so I could take off and get away from all your crap! I couldn’t live here another thirty days if my life depended on it. And if you want to send my ass back to the cage, be my guest!
90) 81) dialog: She's a stripper! She takes her clothes off for money! Okay? Vince and Joyce can’t believe what they’re hearing. So each chooses not to believe it.
90) 93) dialog: Liar! And you got your wife thinking you gotta girlfriend cause you're too scared to tell her you want to go to acting class. (and then) And the whole time, you got some weird agenda with me and you won't tell me what it is! Why’d you get me outta prison? Why’d you bring me here?
90) 95) dialog: My mother never had a friend so good they'd do me a right turn! Everybody hated her! She’s a whore and a bitch and if she put you up to getting me out— VINCE (raging)
90) 101) dialog: Are...are...you..my...father? Big beat. Quietly, as befits the moment— VINCE (nods) Yeah, Tony. I’m your..father. Holding back tears as he says it. Tony holding back tears as he hears it. Joyce looks shocked. JOYCE (sotto) Oh my God.
90) 113) dialog: Will somebody please unlock me? Vince turns and stares at his son. Tony stares up at his father. Long beat. Tony stares at his father. A tear glistens in his eye. Vince unlocks Tony. Tony stands. A long look between the two-—wordless, but filled with apology and a never-ending 102 sense of how weird life can be. And then Tony and Vince hug each other. Vince grabs Joyce And even Tony and Vivian grab each other. VIVIAN (amazed) You're my brother! No wonder I...I.. (searching, then) I hate you so much! At that moment— DENISE’S WINDOW OPENS UP Vince Jr. stands there. As Cheryl and Denise looks on- VINCE JR. (pleased) You were right mom. Dad did have sex with Tony’s mom! Joyce looks at her son. Long beat. Then—she starts to lau The more she tries to stop laughing the more she cries! Vince watches this. His tears start to mix with his laughter. That odd mixture again. He cries and laughs onto Joyce’s shoulder. Now the whole family is laughing and crying together, as the sun sets over the Bronx.
91) 12) dialog: To my father. The only actor in City Island. He smiles at the man who is his dad. And his dad smiles b at his boy.