4) 0) text: Jesus walks a hundred yards off the coast of the Sea of Gennesaret (today called Galilee). In the water a group of men pull in their nets after a morning of fishing. The are ZEBEDEE, James and John, PHILIP, a shepherd, stands w then, By American standards, the Sea of Gennesaret is quite sma 13 miles long and 8 miles wide. From any point, the oppo- site shore is visible. (CONTINUED)
15) 0) text: Zebedee, James, John, Philip and two others approach the house. Two camels, their hampers packed, are tied outside The buildings are constructed of wood and black basalt ro
18) 0) text: Another day. Jesus leads his little band along the seasho Peter, John and Andrew walk with Jesus; Judas and Philip follow. Two peasant women, a street urchin and a couple o doszs bring up the rear. They approach Zebedee who mends his nets with James, Nathaniel and two other fishermen.
18) 5) dialog: But I told Nathaniel I would go to his cousin's wedding...
21) 0) text: Jesus and his disciples approach Cana, a village west of Magdala and Gennesaret. His “merry band" has swelled to a dozen or so, women and children included, A celebration is going on in town: Nathaniel's cousin is getting married. Jesus and his followers are all in good spirits: it's a festive occasion. Village children run away, announcing Jesus’ arrival. He's become a local celebrity in the past several weeks. Nathaniel greets James on the outskirts of town:
21) 2) dialog: If we're welcome. Nathaniel, this is Jesus from Nazareth, our Rabbi.
22) 19) dialog: What's wrong?
22) 27) dialog: (as a joke) It's a miracle. Everyone laughs.
34) 1) dialog: Now they say they're going to kill everyone who was baptized.
34) 4) dialog: I hear the fishing is great in Gennasaret. You just drop the nets in and they fill with fish.
34) 7) dialog: We promised the Master we'd wait here for him.
34) 10) dialog: Talk like that will get you a swelled head -- just like the Baptist. They all laugh. Judas interrupts:
50) 0) text: Jesus and the disciples, cross the Kidron River and appro Gethsemane, a 3-acre park on the eastern slope of the Mou of Olives. Just east of the walls, the Kidron Valley lies between Jerusalem and the Mount of Olives. Today, as then, it is a necropolis "outside the walls." As they walk, Jesus and his disciples pass the monumental Hellenistic tombs of "Bene Hezir" and "Absalom" -- silent testimonials which still stand today. As they climb the steep hills of Gethsemane, Jesus leaves most of his group behind and proceeds with Peter, James and John. Passing through thick, gnarled olive groves, they reach a clearing marked by three boulders.
67) 20) dialog: The Romans tu.cured me and cut away my face. I saw Jerusalem burn. I saw the Ark of the Covenant taken from the temple.