0) 0) text: Seen from above: JESUS, the son of Mary, 28 years-old, es on a scrubby hillock under an olive tree. The mid-morning sun shines on his clean-shaven face. He is dreaming:
0) 1) dialog: The pain starts just above the neck. It feels as if an old man has snuck up and grabbed me from behind. His fingers slip underneath the skin and work, claw, their way up the back of my neck. Then the real pain begins. Each finger digs into the soft matter behind my brain, and then strain across the top of my head toward my eyes. Just before they reach the eyes, they dig down... Jesus wakens. He looks around, holding his head.
0) 2) dialog: (continuing) I remembered I had to make a cross.
1) 0) text: Jesus shapes a long piece of timber with an adze. His patched tunic rests on the workbench. The white plaster-and-brick walls are hung with the tools of Jesus’ trade: saws, hammers, rasps and measuring squares. Two small windows let in light and breeze from the village. His face is etched by lines caused by thinking too much. Brain fever. A nail-studded belt hangs from a hook above his head. The belt is speckled with dried blood.
1) 1) dialog: 4c first I fasted for three months. Then I whipped myself before sleeping. At first it worked, then the headaches returned. Jesus wipes wood shavings from his sweaty chest. He hears a NOISE from outside. Frightened, he looks toward t jOor: (CONTINUED)
1) 3) dialog: (continuing) Who is it? Who are you? Why are you following me? JUDAS, 30, blacksmith, bursts into the room. The door RATTLES on its wood hinges. Jesus goes back to work. Judas' face is ablaze with wild red hair, beard and moustache. His bulging forearms are dirtied by grease, burnt by fire. He belongs to the Sicarri ("assassins") the terrorist wing of,the Zealots, a radical Jewish po- litical organization. His presence is frightening.
1) 6) dialog: Leave me alone, Judas. I mst work.
1) 8) dialog: (softly) No.
1) 10) dialog: No, I don't have any pride. I don't go to Synagogue. I disobey the commandments. I work on the Sabbath. (CONTINUED)
1) 13) dialog: I don't know. I'm struggling. Judas, disgusted, calls to the crowd outside.
2) 0) text: A CENTURION pushes his way through the crowds gathered outside the white-washed buildings. He is sickened by the foul-smelling Jewry. Jesus stands outside his workshop hewing a cyprus cross. A semi-circle of spiteful Israelites surrounds hin, The Centurion approaches:
2) 6) dialog: Magdalene. Who told you to ceue?
2) 11) dialog: I'll return. I promise.
2) 13) dialog: I can't marry. God won't let me. He's pursuing me.
2) 15) dialog: I must be alone. He comes at night into my head. God's angry with me. He pushes her away.
3) 0) text: Magdalene spits in Jesus' face:
3) 7) text: Jesus, without staff or sandals, walks quickly across a grassy plain northeast of Nazareth. Although mich of the lake district" of Galilee is rocky and barren today, it was not so in Jesus' time. Then it was a fertile and pleasant valley, the treasure of the Mid-East. It was jater denuded -by the Turks. Behind Jesus, Nazareth stirs to life. Jesus leans his body into the wind as he reaches the cres of a low ridge:
3) 8) dialog: If I take the goat's path south to bypass Magdala and Tiberias. Traders from East and West go out of gheir way to drink and whore and... Jesus watches a small caravan headed down the hills towar the sea. He shakes these thoughts from his mind.
3) 9) dialog: (continuing) This is the happiest moment of my life. I've always felt something was after me. IT must be as stupid as everyone says. God only wanted me to join him in the desert. He waits in a well at the Monastery. Jesus skips for joy as he walks:
3) 10) dialog: Why would he want somone as stunid as me? Thank you! He sings a psalm as he goes:
3) 11) dialog: “The Lord reigns, let the earth be glad' let the distant shores rejoice. Rise up, O Judge of earth; pay back the proud what they deserve. How long will the wicked, 0 Lord, how, long will the wicked be jubilant?"
4) 0) text: Jesus walks a hundred yards off the coast of the Sea of Gennesaret (today called Galilee). In the water a group of men pull in their nets after a morning of fishing. The are ZEBEDEE, James and John, PHILIP, a shepherd, stands w then, By American standards, the Sea of Gennesaret is quite sma 13 miles long and 8 miles wide. From any point, the oppo- site shore is visible. (CONTINUED)
5) 0) text: Jesus passes two PEASANT GIRLS reaping in an open field. Their partially open dresses reveal their sweaty breasts. As Jesus averts his eyes, one of the girls calls to him:
5) 4) dialog: No, I must keep going. Jesus walks quickly away. The Girls turn to each other and laugh again. 10 11 11.
5) 6) dialog: Who's that? Who's following me? Seeing nothing. Jesus starts again. The FOOTSTEPS return -- LOUDER.
5) 7) dialog: Is that you? He clutches his head, collapses to his knees in pain:
5) 8) dialog: Magdalene! Magdalene!
6) 0) text: Jesus walks through the narrow streets of Magdala a fish- market village on the Sea of Gennesaret, which also serve as a rest spot for caravaps and traders en route from the Indias to Tyre and Sidon. The streets are crowded with camels, donkeys and traders of all descriptions: Mongols on horseback, Afghans laden with rugs and blankets, Nubian slaves following their Greek and Roman masters. Jesus pushes his way through a crowd as he reaches the home of Mary Magdalene. A row of camels, horses and donkeys stand outside. Jesus enters. As Jesus enters, A NAZARENE calls to him:
7) 0) text: A camel sleeps by the well in the center of the courtyard Jesus latches the door behind him. A dozen traders and merchants are seated on benches aroun the courtyard; each waits his turn with the Magdalene. (CONTINUED)
8) 0) text: Jesus steps into the dark, amber-lit room. Mary, lies naked on a stack of blankets, covered with the sweat of all nations. Facing the wall, she calls out in a hoarse voice:
8) 5) dialog: I want you to forgive me. The Magdalene doesn't understand.
8) 6) dialog: I've done a lot of wrong things. I'm going to the desert to be cleansed. The worst things I've done are to you. Forgive me,
8) 8) dialog: (falls to his knees) It's my fault, but I'll pay the debt.
8) 10) dialog: You're full of the devil. Please, can’t you see that? Tears fall from Jesus' cheeks. Magdalene sits up, puts her arm on his shoulder:
8) 15) dialog: (looks at her) Don't you remember when we were children? Mary's eyes are also wet:
8) 19) dialog: Why do you hate me? Why do you tease me? Let bygones be bygones. Forgive me.
8) 24) dialog: Stop! He stands and walks over to the fire.
8) 26) dialog: . (his head in his hands) Adoriai! God, help me! (to Magdalene) I'm thinking about God. I must leave... His voice is strangled, heartbroken.
8) 28) dialog: I can't stay.
8) 30) dialog: I'm sorry. Jesus leaves. The door rattles against the jamb. A moment after he exits, Mary Magdalene sinks her head into the blankets, sobbing.
9) 0) text: Jesus walks hurriedly toward a walled desert commme. The landscape is now barren, and wild. In the distance, sheer cliffs ascend from a sandy plain. (CONTINUED)
9) 3) dialog: Thank God. I thought I’d never make it. Please let me in. I'm safe now. The Abbot, taken back, lets Jesus in. cuT TO:
10) 0) text: Jesus: sleeps on a woven mat. He hears a HISSING SOUND. His eyes open, he sits up. A snake emerges from a hole in the wall and slithers acro the earthen floor. Another snake follows it. The snakes coil around each other and copulate. Jesus sits up, his back to the wall, watching:
10) 1) dialog: Why now after all this time? So this is sex. Men and women coupling. This is why they were thrown out of Paradise. (watches the snakes) But everything is of God. And everything has two negpings, one obvious, one hidden. What are they telling me? He looks at one of the snakes. It speaks to him in Mary Magdalene's voice: : (CONTINUED)
10) 5) dialog: Leave me alone. Jesus breathes a sigh of relief. The Abbot stands in the door, Jesus looks up. The snakes are gone.
10) 7) dialog: They're gone.
10) 9) dialog: Where?
10) 11) dialog: What?
10) 13) dialog: To who?
10) 15) dialog: And say what? (CONTINUED)
10) 19) dialog: I see men and I feel sorry for them, nothing else.
10) 21) dialog: That's why I was sent here?
12) 0) text: A palm-sized lamp burns as Jesus straightens his room. Hi few possessions are neatly laid out for travel. He hears a HISSING NOISE outside the room. Stops. Listens He cautiously opens the door and steps into the corridor.
13) 0) text: Jesus strains to see:
13) 1) dialog: Hello? Suddenly an arm grabs Jesus from behind and throws him against the wall. Judas stands in front of him, panting, his double-edged dagger in his hand. His red face glistens with anger.
13) 5) dialog: Judas? Is that you?
14) 1) text: Did you hear me? Don't start crying. Get ready. Jesus, composed, stands across the room.
14) 2) dialog: I am ready.
14) 4) dialog: I'm happy to see you, Judas, It wasn't you that hissed, It was God, Can't you see? This is perfect, Tonight, I was cleansed. I'm tired of wrestling with God; I'm tired of living. (opens his tunic) Here's my neck. Cut it with your knife. Judas backs off. He is disgusted by the sight of Jesus’ bare neck, He has come here to fig t like a man, To spill blood in a struggle. He puts his dagger to Jesus’ neck:
14) 6) dialog: (calm) Why? What you want, I want -- and God must want it too, because that's why he brought us together. (CONTINUED)
14) 11) dialog: Think whatever you want,
14) 13) dialog: Pity.
14) 15) dialog: Pity for man.
14) 17) dialog: I feel pity for donkeys, sparrows...
14) 19) dialog: Yes. Everything's a part of God. When I look into the ant, into his shiny black eye, I see God. (CONTINUED)
14) 23) dialog: Why should I? Death isn't a door which closes; it's a door which opens. It opens and you enter. Judas, confused, lowers his knife:
14) 25) dialog: I don't know. LI want to speak to others,
14) 27) dialog: (shrugs) I'll just open my mouth and God will do the talking. Judas wavers between confusion and anger. He looks at Jes he sees a GLOW behind his head. He no longer has any tast for this task.
14) 28) dialog: What are you waiting for Judas?
14) 30) dialog: Maybe God didn't send you to kill me. Maybe he sent you here to follow me. I am ready to be killed: I'm also ready to live. Decide. Judas is in a quandry:
16) 0) text: Jesus and Judas enter the village. The streets are quiet. It is Sabbath. Ahead, they hear a commotion.
16) 1) dialog: What is it?
16) 3) dialog: (to Judas; urgent) It's Magdalene. Jesus steps into the center of the pit, stands next to Magdalene and holds up his hands:
16) 4) dialog: Stop! First there's a stunned silence, then a buzz runs through the crowd. No one is more surprised than Judas. He watche closely. In the crowd Philip and Peter have joined Andrew and John Tabas calls out: (CONTINUED)
16) 10) dialog: Listen to me! Look me in the face. Which of you has not stolen, lied, murdered? Let the one without sin throw the first stone. The crowd is frozen, Zebedee picks up a large rock.
16) 12) dialog: (steps up to him) Don't make a mistake, Zebedee. There is a God. Don't tell me you've never cheated an employee, snuck into a widow's bedroom at night? Aren't you afraid God will paralyze you if you lift that stone? at your hand will wither and hang at your side? . The old man is suddenly filled with fear and superstition Zebedee drops the rock and runs. The sympathies of the mo shift to Jesus. Judas is heartened. Perhaps this is the leader to unite the people. Tabas and his companions start toward Jesus, but Judas st between them, braced for action. The crowd, afraid of Jud backs away. Jesus helps Mary to her feet. Judas calls to the crowd: (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: Jesus and Judas lead the curious crowd up a steep, green hillside. In the distance the sun is low over Mt. Hebron. Magdalene sits near Jesus' feet; Judas stands in the back ground. The crowd waits to hear what Jesus has to say. Jesus looks out over the racamuffin villagers, the peacef countryside:
17) 1) dialog: This is the moment I've always feared. There is so much to say. God has so many miracles. A pause. The words burst out:
17) 2) dialog: Brothers! I'm glad to see you. Let me tell you a story. A man, a sower, was sowing in his field. One seed fell on the road -- the brids ate it. Another fell on stones and died. But another took root, sprouted, became grain and fed many people. (pause) Don't you have ears? Do you hear me?
17) 4) dialog: I am the sower. (CONTINUED)
17) 11) dialog: Love one another. Love one another! The crowd whispers: "What did he say?" "Love each other?"
17) 14) dialog: I used to think God was angry, but not any more. He used to jump on my head like a crazy bird with claws. But then he came to me like 2 cool breeze and said, ‘arise’ -- and here I am.
17) 19) dialog: Blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness, for their stomachs will be filled with bread. Blessed are those who mourn, for God will comfort them. Blessed are the meek, the suffering, for God will give them a kingdom in heaven. Jesus is now talking like a prophet -- a Zealot. The dirt-poor villagers are agitated: "Yes, we will get t wealth of the rich; we'll get Israel back."
17) 22) dialog: (protests) I didn't say death. I said love! The crowd, incited by rhetoric and hunger, disperses in search of shops to plunder.
17) 26) dialog: No. Go back home and be an example. He helps her to her feet, kisses her forehead.
18) 0) text: Another day. Jesus leads his little band along the seasho Peter, John and Andrew walk with Jesus; Judas and Philip follow. Two peasant women, a street urchin and a couple o doszs bring up the rear. They approach Zebedee who mends his nets with James, Nathaniel and two other fishermen.
18) 7) dialog: (to James) Put down your net. I'11 make you a fisher of men. James does not respond. Jesus leads his group down the shore. As they go, Zebedee calls to John:
19) 0) text: The disciples sleep in an olive grove. Jesus, awake, sits a nearby knoll, looking into the night. Judas walks over and sits next to him:
19) 2) dialog: Yes. I understand.
19) 4) dialog: I want freedom, too.
19) 6) dialog: I want freedom for the soul.
19) 8) dialog: The soul is first. Andrew, sleepy-eyed, walks over, concerned:
19) 15) dialog: Why did you stop?
19) 17) dialog: For what?
19) 19) dialog: How can we know? I was full of hate when I saw them torturing Magdalene. Yet I opened my mouth and out came the word 'lov2'. Help me. What should I do?
19) 21) dialog: (nods) Okay. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
19) 24) dialog: (a beat) I'm afraid, Judas. Stay here. Judas spreads his blanket on the ground.
20) 0) text: Later that night. Judas is asleep. Jesus awakens. Jesus surveys the still black night. He pulls an apple from his tunic, picks a seed from it and tosses it to the ground. A tree grows immediately from the seed. Ripe, red apples grow from every branch. - cUuT TO:
21) 0) text: Jesus and his disciples approach Cana, a village west of Magdala and Gennesaret. His “merry band" has swelled to a dozen or so, women and children included, A celebration is going on in town: Nathaniel's cousin is getting married. Jesus and his followers are all in good spirits: it's a festive occasion. Village children run away, announcing Jesus’ arrival. He's become a local celebrity in the past several weeks. Nathaniel greets James on the outskirts of town:
22) 5) dialog: Listen to me. I'Ll tell you a story. There were ten virgins waiting for the groom. Five filled their lamp; five didn't. The groom was late and the five foolish virgins went to get more oil. He let the wise virgins in and locked the door, When the foolish virgins came they begged to get in. What would you have done? The Old Man doesn't respond.
22) 6) dialog: (to Nathaniel) What would you have done?
22) 8) dialog: You're right. That's what the groom did. He said, 'This is a feast. Let everyone eat and drink.' (points to Mary) God's kingdom is large enough for everyone.
22) 10) dialog: The Law is against my heart. me ry rn, “~~ 32 n
22) 21) dialog: What's in those?
22) 23) dialog: No. It's wine.
22) 25) dialog: Go over, Check it out. It's wine. Nathaniel goes over to a vat, lifts the lid, dips his finger inside and tastes:
23) 0) text: Jesus and his followers rearch the edge of the Dead Sea. Sixty miles south of Galilee, it seems like another count The green hills of Gennesaret have been replaced by barre plains and rocky cliffs. In the background the mountains of Moab are pink against the midday sun. (CONTINUED)
23) 4) dialog: (with trepidation) Where is he? Where's the Baptist?
23) 6) dialog: You're tired. Stay here.
23) 8) dialog: No. I want to go alone. Jesus walks through the burning heat toward the oasis. Judas, who had been following behind, runs and catches up to him.
23) 10) dialog: Come along. They walk down a slope. John the Baptist's voice echoes i the distance, They push their way through a mixture of lo class Israelites, Jesus gasps when he first sees THE BAPTIST: a wild man, unkempt, unwashed, dressed in animal skins, he shouts in wind:
23) 22) dialog: No, the Messiah won't come with an ax in his hand. Jesus walks ahead; Judas calls to him:
23) 24) dialog: Even from behind, I knew I had seen him before. Where? When? Was it a dream? Yes, it was. But he was all dressed in white. Jesus steps behind the Baptist. John suddenly turns at hi
23) 26) dialog: (his voice trembling) De you recognize me?
23) 28) dialog: Have you read Isaiah, forerunner? Do you know the prophets?
23) 30) dialog: I don't know. (demanding) Tell me. The Baptist locks around: the crowd wails in SILENT MOTIO A sudden calmmess. He starts to shake:
23) 34) dialog: To be baptized.
23) 36) dialog: I don't know yet. Do your duty. Baptize me. Jesus kneels at John's feet. Judas looks on.
24) 0) text: Jesus and the Baptist sit on the dark river bank. A group of pilgrims camp in the distance. They are weary from hours of debate:
24) 1) dialog: Isn't love enough?
24) 3) dialog: If I was a woodcutter, I'd cut; if I was a fire, I'd bum. But I'ma heart and I love.
24) 5) dialog: No, I cannot. Be patient. I'll go to the desert. To Idumaea. God will speak to me there. (CONTINUED)
24) 9) dialog: Goodbye, Baptist. John kisses Jesus on the mouth.
24) 10) dialog: His tongue felt like a burning coal in my mouth.
25) 0) text: Jesus runs across the desert as if pursued, He stops, pants, continues.
26) 0) text: The next day. Jesus wanders through the wild, uninhabited terrain. The sun, like a blast furnace, blows sand into h ace, He sits beside a large rock:
26) 1) dialog: I'm not going any further. This is it: I'm staying here. I'm a grain of sand in this desert, God. Can you see me? I have no weapon but love. (draws a.circle in the sand) I'm not going to leave this circle, I won't leave until you talk to me. And not with hums, or thunder or headaches -- but with a clear human voice. Tell me which path to take. Or else let me die here. FADE OUT. 37
27) 0) text: FADE IN. Days have past, The hunger and deprivation are beginning to show on Jesus' face. His clothes are the col or soil. He hears a sound, looks into the moonlit night: a large SERPENT coils at the edge of the circle. The Serpent speaks in a half-human, half-animal voice.
27) 2) dialog: I didn't call you. Who are you?
27) 4) dialog: My soul!
27) 6) dialog: You want me to do wrong.
27) 8) dialog: I have love.
27) 13) dialog: No, no, no.
28) 0) text: FADE IN. Another week has passed. Jesus' clothes are torn and tattered by the desert winds. He awakens.
28) 1) dialog: After ten days the hunger went away. He hears a sound. A LION stands at the edge of the circle
28) 3) dialog: Who are you?
28) 5) dialog: I've never wanted a kingdom on earth. Heaven's good enough for me. The Lion's voice transforms into Judas':
28) 10) dialog: Step into my circle, liar, so I can pull out your tongue. The Lion steps into the circle, and, as he does, disappea / FADE OUT.
29) 0) text: FADE IN. Jesus lies sleeping by the rock. Another week ha past. He's a wasted skeleton. A blinding, hallucinatory light wakes him. An ARCHANGEL s at the circle's edge. e Angle is a ten-year-old boy, dres in white with soft wings folded under his arms. Jesus strains to see through his swollen eyelids:
29) 1) dialog: Who are you?
29) 3) dialog: But I was just a child then.
29) 5) dialog: Satan! The ripe tree from Jesus' dream appears behind the Archan The Angel offers Jesus an apple. (CONTINUED)
30) 1) dialog: er.. From Galilee. I'ma foreign I'n hungry and need rest. cold an
30) 7) dialog: Jesus of Nazareth. He staggers into the room, collapses on the hearth. cUuT TO:
32) 0) text: Jesus, washed and wearing a new tunic, eats bread and oli Martha hands him wine flask. Sitting by the fire, they almost look like a family wit.
32) 2) dialog: What is there to say?
32) 6) dialog: (thinks) No. They lapse into silence.
32) 10) dialog: What?
32) 12) dialog: Oh, God. These are the final days.
32) 14) dialog: (stands) I must go.
32) 17) dialog: It's time to leave. He stops at the door, smiles compassionately at them:
32) 18) dialog: Thank you, Mary, Martha. God will bless you for your kindness. (a sad beat) I wish I could stay. He closes the door behind him. “Martha looks at Mary, dow cast. A good man had entered taeir lives, like a miracle. Now he is gone. CuT TO:
34) 16) dialog: Thanks for waiting, my dear friends. It-hasn't been a waste of time. JOHN © What do you mean?
34) 17) dialog: Were you baptized?
34) 19) dialog: John baptized with water and they killed him. Now I will baptize with fire.
34) 21) dialog: This is my heart. Please take it. I lead the way. If you have sheep, give them away; if you have nets, et them rot; family, children, leave them behind. We're on the march. Jesus places his heart back in his chest.
34) 22) dialog: I once believed in love, now I carry the ax. Are you with me? (CONTINUED)
34) 27) dialog: We're going back to Nazareth. We'll begin our campaign there.
35) 0) text: Jesus and his followers (they have grown in number) walk through the Samarian lowlands. Mts. Gerigim and Ebal lie to the east. 1 . The group advances with determination and purpose. Judas at Jesus’ right; Peter at his left. A cluster of indigent villagers, women and children follow them. They come upon a makeshift asylum for the insane. The men are housed in a group of low-lying buildings. The deranged men run toward Jesus, fall at his feet, beg pitiful jibberish. . Judas and Peter try to ward them off. Jesus is angry -- not at the men, but at the evil spirits that possess them He slaps one man, kicks another:
35) 1) dialog: Satan! Leave these men alone. Get out! (points) Go into those pigs over there. The insane men grow suddenly calm. The disciples turn to watch as the herd of swine, squealing, run cff a cliff an plunge into the ravine. The insane have returmed to their senses. Most are con- fused, some praise Jesus. (CONTINUED)
35) 4) dialog: Go to the temple and cleanse yourselves. That said, Jesus moves on, He doesn't give a second thoug to the "miracle" he has performed. LATER. A BLINDMAN, led by his BROTHER and SISTER, approac Jesus and the disciples. His reputation has spread throug the countryside.
35) 9) dialog: Jeremiah, Moses, Elijah, Isaizh -- touch my mouth, touch my lips. Jesus kisses the man's mud-caked eves. The clay falls fro the Blind Man's eyes. His gruesomely deformed eyes are no normal: he can see.
35) 10) dialog: Go to the temple, Tell no one what has happened. Jesus motions for his disciples to follow. They continue talking among themselves. The Blind Man stands behind, stunned. His Sister embraces him. cur TO:
35) 14) dialog: Brothers! Listen to me. Isaiah eried, ‘The spirit of the Lord flowed over me, he chose me to bring good news to the poor, he sent me to set free the slaves and make the blind see." The churchmen, curious, gather around.
35) 15) dialog: (continuing) My dear old friends: The prophet was talking about me. God came to me in the desert. He gave me a great secret and told me to bring it to you -- didn't you hear me coming? I ran here first -~- to give the news to my hometown, The kingdom of the Lord has come! Someone from the crowd taunts him:
35) 17) dialog: (impassioned) Everything is a miracle. Look at the sky, Fook at the weeds under your feet. The Day of the Lord is here. ‘there are only a few hours left. Are you ready? Call the poor and give them your goods before it is too late. What you care about your possessions? Your gold and silver will rust and their rust will eat your flesh like fire. You will drown in the sweat of the poor. Look above your heads. The flames of God are already coming down! (CONTINUED)
35) 22) dialog: What are you laughing at? Are you trying to protect your houses and olive trees -- they will all tum to ashes. Ashes! th wh VILLAGER #2 is is what happens when doesn't marry. The semen backs up into his brain. Someone throws a stone; it grazes Jesus’ head, drawing bl
35) 24) dialog: (wiping blood from his brow) This is my home! Peter and Judas rush to Jesus' defense. Judas puts his ha to his dagger.
35) 29) dialog: James, you're my brother. Leave me alone. Judas draws his dagger. Jesus breaks free of his brother.
35) 30) dialog: (te Judas) Put it away. This is ne town for prophets. We'll go to Jerusalem (to Thomas) Blow your horn, we're leaving. Thomas blows his trumpet as Jesus walks off.
36) 0) text: Jesus and his followers head across the plain toward Sama
36) 1) dialog: If I could touch every stone, breathe on every twig, they would rise up and join me. Jerusalem is falling. I can feel it. He turns to Judas who walks at his side: .
36) 2) dialog: We're going to Jerusalem.
36) 4) dialog: Not the Old Jerusalem, the New Jerusalen.
36) 6) dialog: Yes, we will build it. See this silly group of fools, cripples, jealous, blind, petty -- this is our army. They will shout and the Old Jerusalem will fall. God can endure it no longer.
36) 10) dialog: God will provide. Judas and Jesus walk in step. John rus alongside the Mast
36) 12) dialog: What?
36) 15) dialog: Who are you, woman?
36) 17) dialog: I have no mother, no brothers. Only my father who is in heaven. Get away from me. He shakes his arm from her grip. Mary falls to her knees erying. Jesus keeps walking. The disciples follow.
37) 0) text: Jesus and his ragtag "army" continue their southward marc Judas looks with pride at their growing numbers. Martha and Mary, dressed in black, approach Jesus. He wal . over to then.
37) 5) dialog: (interrupts) Take me to him. CuT To:
38) 0) text: As Jesus, Martha, Mary and the others approach Bethany, a village WOMAN runs to meet then.
38) 2) dialog: Take me to the tomb. cut TO:
39) 0) text: Jesus and a select group of disciples approach a row of tombs carved into the hillside. The Bethany Woman points out Lazarus’ tomb. It is sealed by a large boulder. Jesus instructs Judas and Peter:
39) 2) dialog: What am I going to do? The stone moves: a hideous stench gusts from the tomb. Some disciples turn their faces; others put handkerchiefs to their noses. (CONTINUED)
39) 5) dialog: Lazarus! In the name of the prophets, in the name of Jeremiah and my Father, the most Holy God, I demand that you rise and come out! At first, nothing. Then, slowly, a dessicated figure emer from the tomb, He is wrapped head to toe in white burial cloth. The crowd gasps, Slowly, and with great effort, LAZARUS unwraps the soiled linen from his face. Jesus is frightenéd by his own mirac
39) 6) dialog: Is the power of God so great? If it can raise the dead, can it also move mountains? Can it destroy ‘Rome? Tear the world in two? Strips of rotting flesh drip off Lazarus' face, The disci step back, astounded. Lazarus smiles at Jesus:
39) 8) dialog: God help me.
39) 12) dialog: Peter, Judas tell me, who do people think I am?20 (CONTINUED)
39) 17) dialog: You know -- what do they say?
39) 20) dialog: Who do you think I am?
39) 30) dialog: Jeremiah.
39) 32) dialog: You should have had his guts. He was born right near here, you know. Just over the hill. He said, the ~ Lord would write a New Covenant. I'll make it with Israel. I'll put my law in their minds. I'll write it in their hearts.
39) 38) dialog: (thinks) I'm not sure.
40) 0) text: Prior to the Passover feast, from the 15th to the 25tt of Adar, every Jewish male had to pay a temple tax in the amount of one Galilean shekel. Since the coin of the land was Roman (and to a lesser extent Persian, Tyrian and Syr money-changers were needed to exchange Roman denarii for shekels. Obviously, they made a profit on this exchange. The money-changers had permanent booths outside the templ Proper. To a stranger the temple looked more like a broke house than a place of worship. Jesus enters the temple grounds with his central core of disciples. They have come to worship. (CONTINUED)
40) 3) dialog: What is this?
40) 5) dialog: My father's house is a place of worship, not a bank, or a store. The disciples circle Jesus for his protection. The RABBI, surroumded by SADDUCEES, steps out of the temple.
40) 7) dialog: God doesn't need a fancy house. He doesn't need cyprus and bloody animals. For years I used to come to the temple, but now the temple has come to me.
40) 9) dialog: When I say, 'I,' Rabbi, I am saying ‘God.'
40) 11) dialog: Didn't you hear? I'm the Saint of Blasphemy. Make no mistake: 1 haven't come to bring peace, I've come to bring a sword. (CONTINUED)
40) 16) dialog: I'm sick of all of you. This temple will be destroyed. “One stone won't stand on another. God does not belong in a ghetto. God is not an Israelitel Even the disciples are shocked by this heresy. They escor Jesus out of the temple grounds for his ow safety. As they reach the temple gates they are mobbed by the poo and the infirm waiting outside. The beggars press on Jesu pulling at his arms an legs.
40) 20) dialog: (pushes them away) Get away. You sicken me. You're selfish and full of hate. God won't help you. This new crisis is broken up by four Roman cavalrymen. Th stampede into the mob, whipping beggars and curiosity-see alike. The OFFICER demands:
40) 22) dialog: I an.
41) 0) text: The Roman garrison, the Antonia fort, was situated on the northwest wall of the temple. Roman soldiers, standing on the Antonia walls, could observe all the activities in th temple grounds. The Roman soldiers escort Jesus into an open courtyard. PILATE, 22 dressed in leather and metal military regalia, waits for him on a raised platform decorated by crudely carved eagles. Two soldiers, spears in hand, flank the Procurator. -
41) 2) dialog: I'm not a king.
41) 4) dialog: My kingdom is not of this earth,
41) 6) dialog: In heaven.
41) 8) dialog: God has raised his fist over Rome.
41) 10) dialog: I'm not a pet. I don't do tricks, (MORE) (CONTINUED)
41) 13) dialog: But I'll tell you a vision the prophet Daniel had. A huge statue had a head of gold, its breast was of silver...
41) 15) dialog: Listen. Learn. There's an awkward moment.
41) 17) dialog: The stomach was of bronze, the legs of iron and the feet of clay. A stone was thrown. It broke the earthen feet and the statue collapsed. God is the thrower; I am the stone. Rome is the statue.
41) 19) dialog: God, what is the answer? I don't know what to say. :
41) 21) dialog: Please speak to me. I need words. A pain suddenly surges through the back of Jesus' head. He holds his neck. (CONTINUED)
42) 0) text: Jesus is released. Judas waits for him.
43) 0) text: Golgotha -- "hill of the skull.” The name is not Metaphorical. In 4 B.C., two thousand Jews were crucified in Jerusalem in one day alone. The walls of the city hove nearby. Judas, who has been looking for Jesus, finds him alone on the bald hill. He sits beside hin. Rgmnants of rotting timber are scattered over the stones.
43) 2) dialog: Judas, I have a terrible secret to tell you. (Judas waits) I'll tell you because you's: the strongest of my companions. Only you will be able to hear it.
43) 4) dialog: You know why I came to Jerusalem? (CONTINUED)
43) 8) dialog: The Lord's flames are all around me. I can no longer sleep. I come to this rock, Golgotha, and lie awake. Last night Isaiah came to me.
43) 10) dialog: (trembling) He opened his book and I read in dant letters: ‘He has borne our aults; he was wounded for our transgressions. He was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth. Despised and rejected, he went forward without resisting like a lamb led to the slaughter.' Jesus, pale, sinks his head into his hands. He starts to cry.
43) 12) dialog: Judas, my dear brother, I'm the lamb. I'm the one who is going to die.
43) 14) dialog: I am.
43) 16) dialog: Don't shout. It will become clear to you. [I didn't understand at first.
43) 20) dialog: I can't help it. That's how God comes to me. Now I finally understand. All my life something has been following me: footsteps, voices, headaches, a shadow. Now I know the shadow is the cross,
43) 22) dialog: I hope you're right. Be patient with me. Tell no one about this conversation. Promise me that.
43) 24) dialog: Good, I knew I could count on you.
45) 0) text: The disciples Sather around Jesus in the courtyard. Mary and Martha serve olives, bread, cheese and water. The disciples are in a festive mood as Thomas, Philip and Nathaniel enter. Jesus, although the center of attraction, is strangely silent, The newcomers eagerly greet him. Judas and Magdalene confer in the corner of the courtyard
45) 19) dialog: You'll always have the poor, Thomas, but you won't always have me. Jesus bends over and kisses the top of Magdalene’s head. Then he takes her hand, instructing her to rise.
45) 21) dialog: Don't be so afraid of death, John. Death is a key; it opens the door. (to Magdelened Here, sit beside me. I'm lonesome. Tell me stories about when we were children. Magdalene sits beside Jesus, Mary hands him a wine flask. He takes a sip and passes it on. CUT To:
46) 0) text: Jesus is on the march. Judas, Philip and Peter lead a group of ruffians twenty strong. Behind them the disciples and the entourage follows. Philip turns to Judas:
47) 0) text: Jesus and his followers pass through Sheep's Gate. Their arrival has been heralded in advance: crowds line the narrow road into the city. The mob has come prepared, palm branches in hand. They throw the branches in front of Jesus' processional, Someone provides a donkey, another throws a blanket over its back. Jesus climbs astride the mule. The crowd cheers as Jesus and the disciples pass: "Hosanna, Hosanga!" Jesus' followers are perhaps a hundred strong. (CONTINUED)
47) 3) dialog: . Get out! Away! The mob enthusiastically follows suit, looting stalls and routing merchants,
47) 4) dialog: God, whatever Your plan, tell me now, Quickly -- while I have the strength. Jesus enters the temple grounds. This is his moment . The whole world waits. He calls out:
47) 5) dialog: I have come to set fire to the world! In the desert The Baptist said, ‘Repent, Repent!' The Day of the Lord is coming!' But I say it's already too late to repent. The Day of the Lord is already here. T am the Day of the Lord. 1 come with the baptism of fire! The ragamiffins reply: "Fire! Fire -- burn it 411 down!" The TEMPLE GUARDS (usually Levites) 26 grab their lances swords. Judas' cohorts draw their weapons. Battle is imminent. The paving stones will soon be covere with Jewish blood. Suddenly, the Roman sentries blow their trumpets from the Antonia tower. CAIAPHAS, the high priest, commands the Temple Guards to put down their weapons and withdraw. (CONTINUED)
47) 12) dialog: I'm also waiting. Put the ax in my hands.
47) 14) dialog: (to Judas) Come beside me. Judas puts his arm around Jesus: s What's wrong? We mstn't let them be ashamed of us.
47) 15) dialog: Stay by my side. He waves to the disciples,
47) 16) dialog: Com'on. Let's go. The disciples, confused, in shock, turn to follow Jesus. One of the spectators throws an olive at them. The “revolt" is a fiasco, (CONTINUED)
47) 21) dialog: Peter, I want you to prepare for the paschal dinner. (to others) Before our ancestors left Egypt, they celebrated Passover. We will celebrate the New Passover before we escape from slavery. The crowd begins to dissipate. The show's over.
47) 23) dialog: (bitter) The lamb is ready. At this very moment he's proceeding to the slaughter all on his own. Don't worry about the lamb.
48) 0) text: The city is alive with Passover preparations. One house- holder lights his lanterns; another hurrjgs down the street with a basket of bread and fruit. Jesus and Judas walk past a fountain in a small square. They watch suspiciously as a woman draws a bucket of wate They stop at a selected spot between two trees. John approaches:
48) 2) dialog: Thanks. Tell him we'll be right there.
48) 6) dialog: Try to be brave, I'm trying too.
48) 8) dialog: (shakes head) No. I'm sorry.
48) 10) dialog: I would have liked another one, too. I kept hoping -- until now. There is no other way. The end of the world is here. This world, the kingdom of Satan, will be destroyed and the kingdom of heaven will come. How? By my death.
48) 12) dialog: You once made me a promise. You said if I ever strayed, if I ever shied away from revolution, you would kill me. Remember? | (Judas nods) I have strayed, haven't I?
48) 14) dialog: Then you must keep your word. Go to Caiaphas. The Temple Guards want to arrest me where there aren't any crowds. Tonight we'll be in Gethsemane. Arrange for them to find me at the three-rock point.
48) 16) dialog: You must. Don't abandon me now.
48) 20) dialog: (thinks) No. But that's why God gave me the easier job -- to be crucified.
48) 22) dialog: No, I'll tell them tonight. Night has fallen. Jesus and Judas take a circuitous route toward the meeting place. The traditional Passover psalm echoes from behind closed doors they pass.
49) 0) text: Judas taps a secret knock. Peter opens the door cautiousl and lets them enter. A high window lets moonlight into the large room. Three seven-branched candelabra illuminate the lamb, wine and unleavened bread. The disciples are seated on cushions around three sides o a square table. The fourth is open to facilitate serving. Jesus takes his place at the center of the table. Mary, Martha and Magdalene have all come to Jerusalem to celebrate the festival with Jesus and his disciples and prepare the ritual meal. Jesus fills the disciples’ cups from a pitcher of salt wa
49) 1) dialog: First we must drink salt water to remember the tears and pain our ancestors suffered in the land of Egypt. Jesus swallows his drink in a single gulp. Mary brings a tray of bitter herbs proscribed by Jewish law: oregano, bay and savory. Jesus watches as the disciples eat:
49) 2) dialog: Passover celebrates the passage from slavery to freedom. Tonight's Passover goes even further: it celebrates the passage from death to eternal life. I will lead the way, you will follow. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
49) 6) dialog: (to Matthew) John, you know the prophets. Isaiah says, 'He had neither beauty nor luster that we would turn our eyes to him. He was despised and rejected by me...'
49) 8) dialog: (interrupting) ',.. He was scourged and afflicted yet, like a lamb led to the slaughter, he opened not his mouth.' {a beat) My dear, wonderful friends. I am the lamb. And I will not open my mouth. The disciples exchange fearful glances.
49) 11) dialog: Be quiet. What did you have before I found you? Nothing. (no answer) : Now you have God's love -- and eternal life. Don't worry. You won't die yet. There's still a lot of work to do. We haven't come to rule, but to serve. I'll tise from the dead to lead you. The disciples stare in shocked silence. Jesus has either gone completely mad -- or he is the Messiah. Jesus breaks the bread loaves and passes them around. He pours wine for the others:
49) 12) dialog: Take and eat; this is my body. Drink, this is my blood. (CONTINUED)
49) 15) dialog: Go and do what you promised. As Judas exits, Peter says angrily:
49) 17) dialog: Don't stop him. The wheel is already in motion. Tonight we'll go to Gethsemane to pray. CuT To:
50) 0) text: Jesus and the disciples, cross the Kidron River and appro Gethsemane, a 3-acre park on the eastern slope of the Mou of Olives. Just east of the walls, the Kidron Valley lies between Jerusalem and the Mount of Olives. Today, as then, it is a necropolis "outside the walls." As they walk, Jesus and his disciples pass the monumental Hellenistic tombs of "Bene Hezir" and "Absalom" -- silent testimonials which still stand today. As they climb the steep hills of Gethsemane, Jesus leaves most of his group behind and proceeds with Peter, James and John. Passing through thick, gnarled olive groves, they reach a clearing marked by three boulders.
50) 1) dialog: Wait for me here. Jesus walks alone until he finds a secluded spot. Pulling his tunic around him, he kneels beneath an ancient tree. Jesus' self-control, which had been superhuman to this point, melts away. His body shakes; sweat drops from his forehead down his cheeks.
50) 2) dialog: Abba, Father, we've been together a2 long time. I've had many doubts. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
50) 6) dialog: I never asked to be chosen, but I always obeyed. I turned on mother, I gave up Magdalene. I've never had a family, never had a bed to sleep in. I've never made love with a woman. Nightmares and hallucinations have followed me my whole life. Jesus, exhausted, pauses. He looks down, takes a breath, and continues:
50) 7) dialog: You've done many miracles. You opened the Red Sea, saved Noah; you took Elijah directly to heaven in a fiery chariot. Now you ask Me to take crucifixion and hold it in my lips like a thorny rose. Is death the only answer for me? Is there no way you can take this bitter cup from my hands? Jesus waits for the answer that doesn't come. He looks one way, then the other. The wind blows sadly through the trees. A GUARDIAN ANGEL in the form of a nine-year-old girl appears, She sets a silver chalice before Jesus.
50) 8) dialog: Is this your answer? The Angel drinks from the cup, then hands it to Jesus. As she does, she and the cup vanish.
50) 9) dialog: Your will be done. I only ask for strength. Jesus wipes the sweat and tears from his face. He pulls himself to his feet, heads back. At the three-csock point he finds Peter, James and John fast asleep. John's head rests peacefully on his brother's chest. Jesus is tempted not to wake them.
50) 10) dialog: (softly) Couldn't you stay awake with me for just an hour? Peter is the first to awake. Ashamed, he falls at Jesus' eet. (CONTINUED)
50) 14) dialog: It doesn't matter. It's too late. The time has come. Jesus hears the evening nightingale overhead. He smells the vernal perfumes of the garden. A feeling of peace sweeps over him. He smiles at James and John as they awaken. Judas and a band of armed Temple Guards and Romans burst into the clearing. Peter pulls his dagger; Jesus pushes him back. Judas greets his master:
50) 16) dialog: (to Peter) Welcome the messengers of God. (to Soldiers) Let's go.
51) 0) text: Jesus again stands before Pilate. He is bloody, beaten, exhausted from lack of sleep. A clique of Temple Guards, Pharisees and Sadducees stand in one corner of the court- yard.
51) 4) dialog: I could tell you that my kingdom is not on earth, but you wouldn't understand that. However, I will tell you that I hold you, Rome, heaven and earth in the palm of this one hand. He extends arm. Pilate, unbelieving, turns to the Jewish leaders:
52) 0) text: Roman soldiers lead Jesus onto the balcony overlooking Solomon's Porch and present him to the awaiting mob. He has been whipped; his white tunic is drenched with blood. A crown of thorns drips blood down his face. A Centurion announces:
54) 0) text: Roman soldiers lead Jesus through the peasant streets of Golgotha. Like the Zealot of Nazareth, Jesus bears his cross as he struggles across his rocky doloroga. The blood has dried on his tunic. He still wears his thor "crown." The sympathies of the rabble have shifted. Now it's just another show: a multiple crucifixion. Laughter, ridicule, figs for sale. Jesus weakens. His knees buckle and he falls. The soldiers conscript a bystander to carry the cross as they lead Jesus forward. .
55) 0) text: A curious crowd has already assembled at the crucifixion site. Toward the rear, afraid to approach # Magdalene, Ma Martha and Jesus' Mother stand in a tight group. The Romans bring Jesus to the peak of the hill and strip him naked. Two other criminals are prepared for crucifixi Jesus looks at the rough-hewn cross laid before him. He searches the crowd. -
55) 1) dialog: Mother? Magdalene? Where are you? He spots his Mother and waves to her:
55) 2) dialog: (continuing) Farewell. Forgive me for being a bad son. Saul, arrogant, his hands on his hips, stands watching. Two SOLDIERS grab Jesus by the arms: (CONTINUED)
55) 6) dialog: Don't give up on me. The Soldiers place the crude spikes against Jesus' palms. The sound of METAL AGAINST METAL rings out as the hammer comes down. A bloody mist sprays on Jesus' face. He grimaces but does not cry out. Martha and the three Marys hide their faces. Near Jesus, the other criminals are being impaled. The Romans fasten ropes around Jesus' arms. The spikes alone will not support his weight. It takes three soldiers to hoist'Jesus' cross upright. No suddenly, he is above the masses. All of Jerusalem is within view. In the distance he sees the temple. The outer veil glows the midday sun, a blood-red vision. His body jars into place. The pain is excruciating. His fellow criminals howl in agony. Jesus surveys the mob: a sea of hostile faces. He finds Magdalene, Mary, Martha and his Mother standing in a grou His heart goes out to Magdalene. The Sadducees are satisfied; the Romans are complacent. Groups of townspeople and schoolboys point out the suffer ings of the condemned men.
55) 7) dialog: (continuing) Father, forgive them. The sky changes color. Horses buckle wder their riders; DOGS BARK. A fierce wind blows across the rocky hill. The earth trembles. Spectators turn and rin. Jesus looks to heaven. From the depths of his bowels he screams: (CONTINUED)
55) 10) dialog: Eli, Eli... And faints.
56) 0) text: The sky turns a pleasant pale blue. Jesus looks up at the thick white cumul ous clouds floating on the horizon. Birds sing in the distance. He thinks: Am I dead? No, the crowd is still there, SILEN On either side of Jesus, his fellow criminals writhe in silent agony. The Angel from Gethsemane appears before him. He has seen many angels in his life, but never one as beautiful as th Her soft blonde hair falls on her shoulders. In the garde he was too frightened to notice her true beauty.
56) 1) dialog: Who are you?
56) 3) dialog: (relieved) You mean I'm not the Messiah?
56) 5) dialog: Where are the disciples? (CONTINUED)
57) 3) dialog: Why has it changed so much?
57) 5) dialog: What is this?
57) 7) dialog: Who's getting married?
57) 9) dialog: Magdalene, my love.
57) 13) dialog: I've waited for this moment so long. (Magdalene starts to sry) What's wrong? Why are you crying?
59) 0) text: Jesus and Magdalene make love on blankets spreei over str He kisses her breasts, her lips.
59) 2) dialog: I never knew the world was so beautiful. I was blind. (kisses her breasts again) I didn’t know that the body was so holy. But now I understand.
59) 4) dialog: That this is the road.
59) 8) dialog: The road on which the mortal becomes immortal, God becomes human. I was so stupid: I tried to find a way outside my own flesh. I wanted clouds, great ideas, death. But now I know: a woman is God's greatest work. And I worship you. God sleeps between your legs.
59) 10) dialog: Me too. Magdalene hears a noise at the door.
59) 13) dialog: (laughs) Yes, yes. Watch. Jesus resumes lovemaking. cUuT TO:
60) 0) text: fhe house shows signs of domestication: -wine jugs, a wor ench. Magdalene, several months pregnant, steps outside to shak out a blanket. SAUL, a short balding man, walks toward her with three Temple Guards. Magdalene senses something is wrong. She looks around for Jesus or his Angel. They are nowhere to be found. The Guards surround her.
61) 0) text: The Guardian Angel furtively leads Jesus through the deserted Bethany streets. The Angel glances one way, the other. Jesus is distraught. He has just discovered Magdalene's body. Her blood is on his fingers and tunic. He tries to go back but the Angel pulls him ahead.
62) 3) dialog: Yes.
62) 8) dialog: I'm in danger. The Temple Guards want me. ey killed Magdalene. Martha gasps.
62) 14) dialog: (realizing his negligence) Martha, I've been thinking so much about myself I even forgot to say hello. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
62) 17) dialog: Mary, come here. It's so good to see you again. We're all still alive. Thank God. He embraces them both.
63) 0) text: They all sit around the fire. Jesus cleans his bowl with a piece of bread. He smiles at Mary. Martha rubs the Angel's curly head.
63) 2) dialog: (expansive) I used to thank heaven, seven heavens were not big enough for me. And now look at this miracle. Can you believe it? A tiny house is big enough for me, a mouthful of bread, the kind words of a woman.
63) 4) dialog: I'll change my name. I'll be Lazarus. I raised him from the dead, so what? He died again. Now I am Lazarus. Jesus looks to his Angel for assistance. As Jesus continu to speak, he gradually transforms into a healthy, virile Lazarus. He continues to speak with his old voice. (The actor who played Lazarus assimes Jesus’ role; the ac who plays Jesus dubs the dialogue.) The sisters watch in astonishment.
63) 5) dialog: (continuing) Jesus is dead. Lazarus is reborn. I've changed my body and soul. I now declare war on fasting and suffering and chastity. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
63) 8) dialog: I'm through wrestling with God. I'm not going to build crosses any more. I'm going to build cradles and bedsteads. Mary, her eyes welling up, embraces his legs.
64) 0) text: Years heave passed. An older Lazarus (formerly Jesus) sit out front hewing a chair. Two children play nearby. Jesus’ Arab servant sits beside him; he is still a ten-ye old boy. A NEIGHBOR approaches:
64) 5) dialog: None. What a twisted road I took to find God.
64) 7) dialog: Where's Mary?
65) 0) text: Years have passed. Jesus and Martha returm from market with three of their children, ages seven through ten. The Guardian Angel walks with the children. Ahead, Mary sits in front of the house repairing a dress. Two girls play with straw dolls in the dirt beside her. The two youngest children, boys, race’ toward Mary. One snatches a doll from one of the girls as they race off again. Mary scolds them as they go. (CONTINUED)
65) 3) dialog: We're either going to have to stop having children or enlarge the house.
65) 10) dialog: Did you ever see this resurrected Jesus of Nazareth?
65) 12) dialog: Liar!
65) 14) dialog: Liar! Disgusted, Jesus tums and walks away. His Angel follows. Paul excuses himself from his listeners. He and his YOUNG ASSISTANT follow Jesus down the road. Jesus feels Paul's footsteps drawing closer. He's about to explode. Suddenly, he turns on his heel, grabs Paul by the shoulders and shakes him violently.
65) 15) dialog: (continuing) Liar! I'm Jesus of Nazareth. I Was never crucified, never resurrected. I'm a man like everybody else. Why are you spreading these lies? Jesus’ Arab servant tugs at his sleeve. ©
65) 18) dialog: Yes, me. Son of Mary and Joseph, who preached in Galilee. James and John, sons of Zebedee, were ny disciples. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
65) 21) dialog: We marched on Jerusalem, I was brought before Pilate but God spared me. Jesus’ Angel doesn't like this conversation; he tugs violently at his sleeve. Jesus shoves him to the ground. Paul takes Jesus aroumd @ corner where they won't be seen
65) 23) dialog: Now I'm a family man. I eat, work, have children. Don't go around the world spreading these lies about me. (shouts I'll tell everyone the truth. Now it's Paul’s tum to explode.
65) 25) dialog: The world can be saved by lies?
65) 27) dialog: I won't let you. T'12 tell everyone the truth, (CONTINUED)
65) 32) dialog: No.
65) 36) dialog: Don't ever leave me. I'm happy here.
66) 3) dialog: Remember when Mary and I planted these vines -- how many times have we eaten these grapes?
66) 5) dialog: What end? Are you leaving me?
66) 7) dialog: What's wrong?
66) 10) dialog: Let's go inside. Bolt the doors and windows. They go inside and close the door béhind them.
67) 0) text: They huddle inside. The cries from the street have diminished. : Jesus cautiously opens the window shutters. The streets are empty; the sky is red in the distance.
67) 2) dialog: Why are you crying? Time is like a fire and God turns the spit. Each year he rotates a paschal lamb. This year Jerusalem, next Rome, next...
67) 4) dialog: I'm sorry. Forgive me. You must be tired. Go to bed. I'll be there shortly. Mary and Martha retire, leaving Jesus alone by the fire with his Guardian Angel. There's a KNOCK on the door. The Arab servant walks over and cautiously opens the door. He turns back and smiles at his master mockingly. Jesus shudders.
67) 5) dialog: Who is it?
67) 7) dialog: My friends?
67) 11) dialog: You in front, come here. A feeble man steps forward.
67) 13) dialog: Peter, is that you? When I was young and foolish, I called you the rock, the rock upon which I would build my church. But now you look more like a sponge. What happened?
67) 15) dialog: (points) And you, Philip, you were so strong and now you've become fat. I loved you, shepherd, you had no sheep. You herded them in your mind.
67) 17) dialog: And you? They've cut off your nose, your ear, taken out your eye. Who are you?
67) 19) dialog: James!
67) 21) dialog: (shocked) The Ark? (CONTINUED)
67) 27) dialog: Judas! (Judas doesn't answer) Judas, come in. (still no answer) Has it come to this? Time changes everything: men, cities, nations, even gods. Hasn't it changed your anger? (steps forward) Judas, can't you hear?
67) 40) dialog: Judas, can't you be more kind? JUDAS . Rabbi, you broke my heart. How can I be kind? Sometimes I want to scream and bang my head against a rock and curse the day I ever met you. We held the world in our hands. Remember what you said to me? You took me in your arms and begged me, ‘Betray me, betray me. I must be crucified so I can be resurrected to save the world.' The wounds in Jesus' hands and feet begin to bleed.
67) 44) dialog: (trembling) But my Guardian Angel... (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: Jesus steps on the deserted street. The village is still. There is a red glow in the distance: Jerusalem is burning He surveys the empty street. Blood still stains his hands and feet. The old man gets on his hands and knees in the middle of road. He lifts his head toward heaven.
68) 1) dialog: Abba, father, will you still listen to me? Are you still there? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
68) 4) dialog: Will you listen to a selfish, unfaithful son? I fought you when you called. I resisted. I thought I knew more. I didn't want to be your.son. Can you forgive me? I didn't fight hard enough. I want to take your hand; I want to save my fellow men. Father, take me back. Kill the fatted calf. I want to be your son. I want to pay the price. I want to be crucified and rise again. I want to be the Messiah. Suddenly the sky turns pale blue. Jesus locks around.
69) 0) text: Jesus is back on the cross, 37 years before. He has regained his 33 year-old Nazarene form. (He is again the original actor who plays Jesus.) The earth is shaking. Spectators are running. Jesus is racked with pain. He screams:
69) 1) dialog: - lama sabachthani! Jesus looks around, realizes where he is. The past thirty seven years have been a dream. He has resisted the last temptation. He looks to heaven and says:
69) 2) dialog: (continuing) It is finished.