4) 0) text: Jesus walks a hundred yards off the coast of the Sea of Gennesaret (today called Galilee). In the water a group of men pull in their nets after a morning of fishing. The are ZEBEDEE, James and John, PHILIP, a shepherd, stands w then, By American standards, the Sea of Gennesaret is quite sma 13 miles long and 8 miles wide. From any point, the oppo- site shore is visible. (CONTINUED)
15) 0) text: Zebedee, James, John, Philip and two others approach the house. Two camels, their hampers packed, are tied outside The buildings are constructed of wood and black basalt ro
17) 9) dialog: Rabbi, tell me. If you are the sower and we are the stones, what is the seed? Jesus is baffled; he has no answer. John repeats the question:
17) 10) dialog: What is the seed you offer? The answer comes to Jesus:
17) 24) dialog: No. Go on without me. John and Andrew stay behind with Peter, Philip and Judas. Jesus wipes Mary Magdalene's bloody feet with his tunic.
18) 0) text: Another day. Jesus leads his little band along the seasho Peter, John and Andrew walk with Jesus; Judas and Philip follow. Two peasant women, a street urchin and a couple o doszs bring up the rear. They approach Zebedee who mends his nets with James, Nathaniel and two other fishermen.
18) 3) dialog: Come with us. Believe me -- this is for real. Just what we talked about.
34) 15) dialog: Master.
36) 11) dialog: Master, your mother is here.
36) 13) dialog: Your mother , Mary, possessed by maternal frenzy, grabs Jesus’ arm:
39) 18) dialog: Some say you're John the Baptist, reborn.. :
39) 25) dialog: My favorite is Isaiah...
39) 33) dialog: Isaiah knew right from wrong. How long ago did he live?
39) 35) dialog: No, Jeremiah was before Ezekial.
45) 20) dialog: I don't like it, Rabbi. The perfume makes you smell like you're already dead and waiting to be buried.
46) 11) dialog: I made my decision. If you can't make yours, leave now. But the Kingdom lies ahead.
47) 11) dialog: If you don't give the sign now, we're finished. What we've done - today means death.
48) 0) text: The city is alive with Passover preparations. One house- holder lights his lanterns; another hurrjgs down the street with a basket of bread and fruit. Jesus and Judas walk past a fountain in a small square. They watch suspiciously as a woman draws a bucket of wate They stop at a selected spot between two trees. John approaches:
48) 1) dialog: Peter said to tell you everything was ready for Passover.
49) 7) dialog: (continues) "... But he took on himself all our pains. He was wounded for our transgressions and with his stripes we were healed.'
50) 0) text: Jesus and the disciples, cross the Kidron River and appro Gethsemane, a 3-acre park on the eastern slope of the Mou of Olives. Just east of the walls, the Kidron Valley lies between Jerusalem and the Mount of Olives. Today, as then, it is a necropolis "outside the walls." As they walk, Jesus and his disciples pass the monumental Hellenistic tombs of "Bene Hezir" and "Absalom" -- silent testimonials which still stand today. As they climb the steep hills of Gethsemane, Jesus leaves most of his group behind and proceeds with Peter, James and John. Passing through thick, gnarled olive groves, they reach a clearing marked by three boulders.