1) 4) dialog: I thought I'd find you here. Aren't you ashamed? The carpenters from Cana and Capernaum refuse to make a cross for a Zealot, but you get up and throw yourself into it like a madman. Where's your pride? Jesus, silent, backs away.
1) 5) dialog: (continuing) What if the Messiah were to come now and find you doing this? Jesus returns to his adze. He says quietly:
1) 7) dialog: Aren't you ashamed?
1) 9) dialog: You've seen them hanging there for days, skin falling off their bodies. Crying night after night. Our prophets. Because of the Romans and men like you. A migrain moves across Jesus' face. He winces:
1) 12) dialog: And who will pay for your sins?
1) 14) dialog: Come here! Look at the traitor! Look at the cross-maker. The crowd jeers. Jesus resumes his task.
2) 3) text: Judas insinuates his way into a group of townspeople. Fearful of the Romans, he speaks wder his breath:
2) 4) dialog: How long are we going take this? Can we let the Romans kill anyone who opens his mouth? When are we going be men? When will we. be Jews? No one pays attention to Judas. Seeing this, he with- draws . The villagers heap abuse on Jesus. PETER and JAMES are in the crowd. MARY, 56, mother of Jesus, pushes her way through the crowd. She stands in front of Jesus, trying to hold back the crowd with her arms. She calls out:
4) 7) dialog: Everything's fine, Philip. The Lord's merciful. In Nazareth, He crucifies prophets. Here, He sends enough rain. to ruin a year's crops in one night. In Jerusalem, the Romans squat in the temple.
4) 9) dialog: It is for you. You hire fifty fishermen like slaves and pay them minimum. Then you give to the temple and get God's blessing.
4) 11) text: Judas walks off, calling back to Zebedee:
4) 12) dialog: I wouldn't want to be in your boat when the. Messiah comes. Philip catches up with him.
4) 14) dialog: Why now? Were you afraid a few minutes ago? The King of the Jews is on his way. Decide what side you are on.
4) 16) dialog: (moves close to him) Philip, can you kill?
4) 18) dialog: What do you think? Sheep?
4) 20) dialog: A man's easier,
4) 22) dialog: Don't be afraid. We're fighting for freedom. The day will come when you ¢an join us, Do you have a knife?
4) 24) dialog: Carry it all the time. These are hard times. Judas opens his shirt revealing a double-edged dagger. (CONTINUED)
4) 27) dialog: (continuing) . Yesterday the brotherhood condemned the traitor. The lot fell to me.
4) 29) dialog: (nods) Keep your mouth shut. Think about what I've said. The day will come when we will need you.
4) 31) dialog: Don't be in a hurry. You're not one of the brothers yet. cur TO:
13) 2) dialog: Crucifier! (CONTINUED )
13) 6) dialog: Welcome. I've come to kill you. I hissed and you came. Judas pushes Jesus inside the cell.
14) 0) text: Judas locks the door behind him. He throws the ‘elbow key across the room.
14) 3) dialog: Don't make any noise. Don't call for help.
14) 5) dialog: Why don't you resist? What kind of man are you? Fight!
14) 10) dialog: (takes his knife down) I put a knife to your neck and you don't blink. What's going on?
14) 12) dialog: (studies him a second) ~ Okay. You may think I'm just a stupid blacksmith. But you talk -- I'll understand. Who are you? What do you want? What are all these stories which follow you; a flowering staff, a Lightning flash, the voices you hear, the fainting spells which seize you? What's your secret?
14) 14) dialog: Pity for who? Yourself? For Israel? Is that it? Are you tortured by Israel's suffering?
14) 16) dialog: Man! The Greeks who slaughtered us -- they were men, weren't they? And the Romans -- they're men, too. Don't pity man, pity Israel. The rest can go to Hell.
14) 18) dialog: And ants? I suppose you feel pity for them, too?
14) 22) dialog: You don't fear death?
14) 24) dialog: If I don't kill you, what will you do?
14) 26) dialog: What are you going to say?
14) 29) dialog: Who are you? Maybe you're the one who will make the people rise up against the Romans. Maybe you're the one we've been waiting for.
14) 31) dialog: Don't be in such a rush. It's a long night. (pause) You're a strange one, (MORE) (CONTINUED)
14) 35) dialog: I'll tell you what I’m going to do. I'm going to sleep down here by the door and think about it, You turn your head away from me. I need more time to think, Jesus lies on his mat, his face to the wall. Judas sits, his back to the door, thinking. He puts his knife away.
16) 0) text: Jesus and Judas enter the village. The streets are quiet. It is Sabbath. Ahead, they hear a commotion.
16) 2) dialog: Let's find out. They hurry through the streets until they come to a clear A mob has assembled around a shallow pit. Judas, the man of action, pushes his way through the crow Jesus .follows. Mary Magdalene lies in the pit, her knees and elbows are bloody from being dragged down the street. Terrified. The crowd, in a festive mood, hurl insults and spit at he Children collect rocks for a stoning.
16) 15) dialog: Come, follow the rabbi.“ He will speak, Judas, Jesus and Magdalene walk away from the pit toward outskirts of town. A large segment of the crowd follows. One VILLAGER whispers to another:
17) 0) text: Jesus and Judas lead the curious crowd up a steep, green hillside. In the distance the sun is low over Mt. Hebron. Magdalene sits near Jesus' feet; Judas stands in the back ground. The crowd waits to hear what Jesus has to say. Jesus looks out over the racamuffin villagers, the peacef countryside:
17) 13) dialog: (steps forward) Yes, 'Rabbi,' is this what I've been waiting for? Love one another? T suppose that means love the Romans too
18) 0) text: Another day. Jesus leads his little band along the seasho Peter, John and Andrew walk with Jesus; Judas and Philip follow. Two peasant women, a street urchin and a couple o doszs bring up the rear. They approach Zebedee who mends his nets with James, Nathaniel and two other fishermen.
18) 6) dialog: {to Zebedee) Watch out you'll lose another son.
19) 0) text: The disciples sleep in an olive grove. Jesus, awake, sits a nearby knoll, looking into the night. Judas walks over and sits next to him:
19) 1) dialog: Excuse me, Rabbi. I'd like to talk. (sits) I don't feel comfortable with the others. I mean, they're good men, but weak. They couldn't defend themselves, much less fight for you. I'm a rough man -- hard but honest. Who I love, I die for; who I hate, I kill. (Jesus doesn't answer) I can even kill someone I love if he does the wrong thing. Do you understand?
19) 3) dialog: The other day when you said turn the other cheek to the man that hit you, I didn't like that. I'ma free man, not a slave. I don't turn my cheek to anyone.
19) 5) dialog: You do? You want freedom for Israel?
19) 7) dialog: Un-ah. There's no freedom for the soul without freedom for the body. You know that. The Romans come ‘irst.
19) 9) dialog: Who's there? (CONTINUED)
19) 13) text: Go back to sleep. Judas and I are having a private talk. Andrew turns and leaves. Judas waits until he is out of earshot:
19) 16) dialog: I decided to wait.
19) 18) dialog: To see if you were the one we're waiting for. I don't want to kill Israel's Savior -- not me. I said, ‘Wait, he may not even know it yet.’ But don't listen to the others -- they're sheep. It's you and I who will decide who's burning you up -- God or Satan, If you waver from Israel's path, I!11 kill you. Don't be fooled.
19) 20) dialog: (thinks } We'll go to Judea and see John the Baptist. He stands out every day shouting, 'He is coming, He is coming.' Let him decide.
20) 0) text: Later that night. Judas is asleep. Jesus awakens. Jesus surveys the still black night. He pulls an apple from his tunic, picks a seed from it and tosses it to the ground. A tree grows immediately from the seed. Ripe, red apples grow from every branch. - cUuT TO:
23) 9) dialog: You forgot to call me, This is the big moment. I want to be with you,
23) 21) dialog: Master, can't you hear? It's the Messiah.
23) 23) dialog: We'll see. Go to him! Jesus walks slowly toward the Baptist, his eyes fixed on prophet. The crowd flails and shouts in the manner of mod day Pentacostalists.
34) 11) dialog: I say we wait. A momentary silence. (CONTINUED)
34) 20) dialog: Is this the message of the Baptist? reaches into his chest and pulls out his own bloody He offers it at arms length to the disciples. Blood drips from the ventricles.
34) 25) dialog: Adonail The others follow Judas' example.
35) 0) text: Jesus and his followers (they have grown in number) walk through the Samarian lowlands. Mts. Gerigim and Ebal lie to the east. 1 . The group advances with determination and purpose. Judas at Jesus’ right; Peter at his left. A cluster of indigent villagers, women and children follow them. They come upon a makeshift asylum for the insane. The men are housed in a group of low-lying buildings. The deranged men run toward Jesus, fall at his feet, beg pitiful jibberish. . Judas and Peter try to ward them off. Jesus is angry -- not at the men, but at the evil spirits that possess them He slaps one man, kicks another:
36) 3) dialog: I know.
36) 5) dialog: A New Jerusalem!
36) 7) dialog: (looks back) This isn't much of an army. Remember the Maccabees. We'll need more men. (CONTINUED)
37) 0) text: Jesus and his ragtag "army" continue their southward marc Judas looks with pride at their growing numbers. Martha and Mary, dressed in black, approach Jesus. He wal . over to then.
39) 0) text: Jesus and a select group of disciples approach a row of tombs carved into the hillside. The Bethany Woman points out Lazarus’ tomb. It is sealed by a large boulder. Jesus instructs Judas and Peter:
39) 21) dialog: My favorite character is David. My mother always used to talk about him. When he conquered Jerusalum he put the Jebusites to the ban -- killed all of the, didn't fool around. Gave everybody to God. The same with the Ammonites,
39) 23) dialog: Ezekial!
39) 27) dialog: (interrupts; to Jesus) Who do you like? (CONTINUED)
39) 34) dialog: I don't know. Before Jeremiah,
39) 36) dialog: Get off ic. (to Peter) When was Jeremiah?
42) 0) text: Jesus is released. Judas waits for him.
42) 1) dialog: What happened? Jesus has no answer. He just walks off. Judas follows.
43) 0) text: Golgotha -- "hill of the skull.” The name is not Metaphorical. In 4 B.C., two thousand Jews were crucified in Jerusalem in one day alone. The walls of the city hove nearby. Judas, who has been looking for Jesus, finds him alone on the bald hill. He sits beside hin. Rgmnants of rotting timber are scattered over the stones.
43) 1) dialog: I've been looking all over for you. For two days you haven't talked to anyone. We're heartsick. What did Pilate want? Jesus collects his thoughts.
43) 3) dialog: Thank you for trusting me, Master. Speak. Whatever it is, I can take it.
43) 7) dialog: Yes, this is where the revolution will happen. Jesus sweating profusely, nods.
43) 9) dialog: (eager) What did he say?
43) 13) dialog: You? You mean you're not the Messiah?
43) 15) dialog: (jumps up) No. That can't be.
43) 17) dialog: But every day you have a different plan. (CONTINUED)
43) 21) dialog: I don't believe you.
43) 23) dialog: Yes, Master.
45) 0) text: The disciples Sather around Jesus in the courtyard. Mary and Martha serve olives, bread, cheese and water. The disciples are in a festive mood as Thomas, Philip and Nathaniel enter. Jesus, although the center of attraction, is strangely silent, The newcomers eagerly greet him. Judas and Magdalene confer in the corner of the courtyard
45) 3) dialog: No,
45) 8) dialog: Who do you think he should have chosen? That windmill Peter? Maybe that idiot John? Maybe even you -- a woman! He chose me because I'm strong. Magdalene, hurt, goes inside the house. Judas walks over to Philip who is standing alone.
45) 9) dialog: Do you have your dagger?
45) 11) dialog: Good. Carry it all the time. The Messiah is going to march on Jerusalem next Sabbath.
45) 13) dialog: He told me. How many men can you et together? I know about a lozen. I mean strong men, willing to die,
45) 15) dialog: Good, Go and get them. We'll need all the men we can pet when we go to Jerusalem. If there's enough of us, we'll get more inside the city. There is a commotion where Jesus sits. They turn and look Magdalene, having washed Jesus' feet and dried them with her hair, now anoints them with perfume. Thomas, ever the merchant, objects:
46) 0) text: Jesus is on the march. Judas, Philip and Peter lead a group of ruffians twenty strong. Behind them the disciples and the entourage follows. Philip turns to Judas:
46) 2) dialog: You don't know him like I do, It looks likz he blows this way, then the other, but when the time comes, he'll give the command. His indecision is over,
46) 6) dialog: Just wait. When Jesus calls, there's gonna be such a mob you'll have to push your way through. Behind them, John, Andrew and Thomas argue:
47) 9) dialog: Master, give us the signal.
48) 0) text: The city is alive with Passover preparations. One house- holder lights his lanterns; another hurrjgs down the street with a basket of bread and fruit. Jesus and Judas walk past a fountain in a small square. They watch suspiciously as a woman draws a bucket of wate They stop at a selected spot between two trees. John approaches:
48) 7) dialog: Are you sure there's no other way?
48) 9) dialog: No other way?
48) 11) dialog: IT won't let you die. Jesus grasps his arm and says sternly:
48) 13) dialog: Yes.
48) 15) dialog: No, I couldn't.
48) 17) dialog: But if you were me, could you betray your master? (CONTINUED)
48) 21) dialog: Do the others know?
49) 0) text: Judas taps a secret knock. Peter opens the door cautiousl and lets them enter. A high window lets moonlight into the large room. Three seven-branched candelabra illuminate the lamb, wine and unleavened bread. The disciples are seated on cushions around three sides o a square table. The fourth is open to facilitate serving. Jesus takes his place at the center of the table. Mary, Martha and Magdalene have all come to Jerusalem to celebrate the festival with Jesus and his disciples and prepare the ritual meal. Jesus fills the disciples’ cups from a pitcher of salt wa
50) 15) dialog: Welcome, Rabbi. Judas kisses him fiercely on the mouth. Jesus embraces his faithful disciple. Tears stream down Judas' cheeks. Peter pulls his knife and slices off one of the Temple Guard's ears. This is not random but calculated violence because a Levite cannot serve as a Temple Guard if he is physically deformed. Peter's reaction is not one of disappointment, but achievement. As if saying, "So there. Jesus pushes Judas unwillingly away, picks up the severed ear off the ground and miraculously restores it to the Le
67) 32) dialog: Traitor! Everyone freezes.
67) 33) dialog: (continuing) Traitor. Your place was on the cross. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
67) 37) dialog: That's where God put you. But when death came you got scared and ran and hid under the skirts of Mary and Martha. You became a fake Lazarus to save yourself.
67) 39) dialog: For him? He was supposed to lead an army of angels. Instead he came here to stud women.
67) 41) dialog: (continuing) ‘I am the lamb,' you bleated. ‘Death is the door. Judas, ny brother, don't be afraid. Help me.’ Judas' eyes fill with moisture.
67) 43) dialog: He was going to be the New Covenant. Now Israel is no more.
67) 47) dialog: Your Guardian Angel! Look at hin! All their eyes turn to the Arab servant boy, who is now crouched on the table like a gargoyle. As they watch he transforms inte the young Archangel from the Idumaea desert. His black spiked wings rise above his back.
67) 48) dialog: (continuing) Satan. {to Jesus) Shame on you, traitor. The others join in. They spit at Jesus' feet and call him names: “coward,” "traitor."