30) 0) text: The door opens. An emaciated figure in tattered clothes etands silhouetted in the doorway. MARY and MARTHA, sisters in their early thirties, tum aghast. Mary sits at a waving loom; Martha near the fire.
30) 2) dialog: Come in.
30) 4) dialog: (to Jesus) Don't let my sister's fears worry you. I'm Martha, this is Mary. We don’t have much, but you're welcome to what we have. Who are you? (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Jesus, washed and wearing a new tunic, eats bread and oli Martha hands him wine flask. Sitting by the fire, they almost look like a family wit.
32) 1) dialog: Speak more. We don't know anything about you.
32) 4) dialog: Don't listen to her. Not even silence is enough for a woman. She wants a husband in bed at night. She wants a baby to suck her breasts -- but what do men know?
32) 11) dialog: It was at Herod's palace in Tiberius. The King was drunk. They say he had the prophet beheaded to satisfy a girl. Jesus smashes his forehead against that fireplace.
32) 13) dialog: (unable to hear him) What?
32) 15) dialog: But you've hardly had time to rest.
37) 0) text: Jesus and his ragtag "army" continue their southward marc Judas looks with pride at their growing numbers. Martha and Mary, dressed in black, approach Jesus. He wal . over to then.
37) 1) dialog: Rabbi, forgive us. We heard you were near. We've walked two days. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: As Jesus, Martha, Mary and the others approach Bethany, a village WOMAN runs to meet then.
45) 0) text: The disciples Sather around Jesus in the courtyard. Mary and Martha serve olives, bread, cheese and water. The disciples are in a festive mood as Thomas, Philip and Nathaniel enter. Jesus, although the center of attraction, is strangely silent, The newcomers eagerly greet him. Judas and Magdalene confer in the corner of the courtyard
49) 0) text: Judas taps a secret knock. Peter opens the door cautiousl and lets them enter. A high window lets moonlight into the large room. Three seven-branched candelabra illuminate the lamb, wine and unleavened bread. The disciples are seated on cushions around three sides o a square table. The fourth is open to facilitate serving. Jesus takes his place at the center of the table. Mary, Martha and Magdalene have all come to Jerusalem to celebrate the festival with Jesus and his disciples and prepare the ritual meal. Jesus fills the disciples’ cups from a pitcher of salt wa
55) 0) text: A curious crowd has already assembled at the crucifixion site. Toward the rear, afraid to approach # Magdalene, Ma Martha and Jesus' Mother stand in a tight group. The Romans bring Jesus to the peak of the hill and strip him naked. Two other criminals are prepared for crucifixi Jesus looks at the rough-hewn cross laid before him. He searches the crowd. -
62) 1) dialog: Mary, look! It's Jesus. It's a miracle. The Guardian Angel closes the door behind them, remaining in the shadows. Jesus steps into the center of the room.
62) 4) dialog: Come by the fire where we can get a better look at you. (CONTINUED)
62) 13) dialog: You must be hungry. I'11 cook some stew for you and your little friend.
63) 0) text: They all sit around the fire. Jesus cleans his bowl with a piece of bread. He smiles at Mary. Martha rubs the Angel's curly head.
63) 1) dialog: Rabbi, I like your little friend.
63) 10) dialog: Excuse me, Rabbi. I've got a feeling that you'll make my sister your wife. But let me stay. Let me breathe the air of married life. I'll make the beds and do the chores. Saying this, Martha walks into another room. Jesus and Mary walk toward the blanket on the ground. The Guardian Angel sits in a darkened corner, watching.
64) 8) dialog: Picking olives. She won't be back until this evening. Martha pauses a moment, then takes Jesus' hand.
64) 9) dialog: (continuing) Let's go inside. It's too hot out here. Jesus stands and puts his arm around Martha's waist. Mart rubs the Guardian Angel's curly head and instructs him:
64) 10) dialog: (continuing) Watch the children. The Angel. smiles as Jesus and Martha enter the house.
65) 0) text: Years have passed. Jesus and Martha returm from market with three of their children, ages seven through ten. The Guardian Angel walks with the children. Ahead, Mary sits in front of the house repairing a dress. Two girls play with straw dolls in the dirt beside her. The two youngest children, boys, race’ toward Mary. One snatches a doll from one of the girls as they race off again. Mary scolds them as they go. (CONTINUED)
66) 8) dialog: They're burning Jerusalem. The seige is over. The city is destroyed. The Romans are killing everyone.
67) 1) dialog: Everyone is fleeing to the south. Mary starts to ery.