0) 0) text: Seen from above: JESUS, the son of Mary, 28 years-old, es on a scrubby hillock under an olive tree. The mid-morning sun shines on his clean-shaven face. He is dreaming:
2) 5) dialog: Forgive my son! He's crazy! He doesn't know what he's doing. He has problems. Ever since he was a baby. He's not well in the head. The crowd hoots her into silence. Jesus, turning his eyes from her, trudges forward. The CENTURION follows close behind. As they near the crucifixion site, another woman, MARY MAGDALENE, 25, approaches Jesus. She wears brightly colored clothes; her lips and cheeks are painted like a prostitute. The villagers revile her as she passes. She walks alongside Jesus, staring him in the face. The color flows from Jesus’ face: his resolve nearly melts with it.
2) 9) text: MARY MAGDALENE'S FATHER proposes a toast:
3) 4) dialog: Jesus! My son! Get away from here! The guards move toward her. Peter and ANOTHER MAN help the women take her away before the Romans can arrest her. Judas, sickened by this spectacle, walks away. The guards place the Zealot on the cross and tie his arms Jesus, moving the weges, readies the hole for the cross. The Magdalene throws herself at the Zealot's feet:
6) 0) text: Jesus walks through the narrow streets of Magdala a fish- market village on the Sea of Gennesaret, which also serve as a rest spot for caravaps and traders en route from the Indias to Tyre and Sidon. The streets are crowded with camels, donkeys and traders of all descriptions: Mongols on horseback, Afghans laden with rugs and blankets, Nubian slaves following their Greek and Roman masters. Jesus pushes his way through a crowd as he reaches the home of Mary Magdalene. A row of camels, horses and donkeys stand outside. Jesus enters. As Jesus enters, A NAZARENE calls to him:
8) 0) text: Jesus steps into the dark, amber-lit room. Mary, lies naked on a stack of blankets, covered with the sweat of all nations. Facing the wall, she calls out in a hoarse voice:
30) 0) text: The door opens. An emaciated figure in tattered clothes etands silhouetted in the doorway. MARY and MARTHA, sisters in their early thirties, tum aghast. Mary sits at a waving loom; Martha near the fire.
30) 3) dialog: (to Martha) Lazarus is out. We're alone. (to Jesus) Are you a good man?
32) 3) dialog: Silence doesn't satisfy a woman. Women need a kind word.
32) 5) dialog: Do you have a wife?
32) 7) dialog: These are hard times. The King has killed the Baptist. (CONTINUED)
32) 16) dialog: Please stay.
36) 14) dialog: Son, please come home. I'1l take care of you. You're sick but I'll make you better. (to others) Forgive him. Help me take him home.
36) 16) dialog: (desperate) Your mother.
37) 0) text: Jesus and his ragtag "army" continue their southward marc Judas looks with pride at their growing numbers. Martha and Mary, dressed in black, approach Jesus. He wal . over to then.
37) 4) dialog: Our brother Lazarus is very sick. We heard you've performed miracles, healed the sick, made eripples walk, blind...
38) 0) text: As Jesus, Martha, Mary and the others approach Bethany, a village WOMAN runs to meet then.
39) 10) dialog: Mary, Martha and family friends minister to the feeble La He seems confused, not quite sure if he is dead or alive. Jesus passes them and walks outside, cUuT TO:
39) 11) dialog: Judas, Peter and John are sitting at a table in the garde Jesus joins them, interrupting their small talk.
45) 0) text: The disciples Sather around Jesus in the courtyard. Mary and Martha serve olives, bread, cheese and water. The disciples are in a festive mood as Thomas, Philip and Nathaniel enter. Jesus, although the center of attraction, is strangely silent, The newcomers eagerly greet him. Judas and Magdalene confer in the corner of the courtyard
49) 0) text: Judas taps a secret knock. Peter opens the door cautiousl and lets them enter. A high window lets moonlight into the large room. Three seven-branched candelabra illuminate the lamb, wine and unleavened bread. The disciples are seated on cushions around three sides o a square table. The fourth is open to facilitate serving. Jesus takes his place at the center of the table. Mary, Martha and Magdalene have all come to Jerusalem to celebrate the festival with Jesus and his disciples and prepare the ritual meal. Jesus fills the disciples’ cups from a pitcher of salt wa
62) 2) dialog: (touching him) Is it really you?
62) 7) dialog: What's this? Jesus examines the dried blood on his fingers.
62) 9) dialog: What will we do? They'll find you here. The Angel calls to Jesus.
63) 0) text: They all sit around the fire. Jesus cleans his bowl with a piece of bread. He smiles at Mary. Martha rubs the Angel's curly head.
63) 3) dialog: But what will happen if they find you here?
63) 9) dialog: Rabbi, when I was little the girls sang this song: ‘Whoever gives me a Swallow's egg, I will give him my lips, Whoever gives me an eagle's egg, I'll give him my breasts; And whoever gives me a stab, I'll give him my heart.' Jesus lifts Mary up and embraces her. Martha senses she is unwanted. She starts to leave.
65) 0) text: Years have passed. Jesus and Martha returm from market with three of their children, ages seven through ten. The Guardian Angel walks with the children. Ahead, Mary sits in front of the house repairing a dress. Two girls play with straw dolls in the dirt beside her. The two youngest children, boys, race’ toward Mary. One snatches a doll from one of the girls as they race off again. Mary scolds them as they go. (CONTINUED)
65) 4) dialog: (laughs) We'll enlarge the house. A small group has gathered down the road. Someone is speaking in the square. Jesus goes over to check it out. His Angel follows. Paul, formerly Saul, preaches to a handful of villagers. He seems transformed: standing straight, radiating con- fidence. He speaks with the evangelistic fervor of a born-again Christian.
66) 9) dialog: Our sons. Where are they? Jesus takes them by their arms.
67) 3) dialog: (interrupts) You don't understand women at all.