4) 3) dialog: Look who's here. Hey, Cross-maker! Jesus glances at them and keeps walking.
18) 0) text: Another day. Jesus leads his little band along the seasho Peter, John and Andrew walk with Jesus; Judas and Philip follow. Two peasant women, a street urchin and a couple o doszs bring up the rear. They approach Zebedee who mends his nets with James, Nathaniel and two other fishermen.
34) 3) dialog: You were baptized, too. Begged for it. So, shut up.
34) 6) dialog: So go back,
34) 14) dialog: I agree with Judas -- and say we have another drink. (calls out) Inn-keeper, wake up! We need more wine. The Inn-keeper sleepily obliges. The door opens: Jesus enters. Jesus heart. John sinks to his knees.
34) 18) dialog: Yes. :
34) 26) dialog: You lead, we'll follow.
35) 0) text: Jesus and his followers (they have grown in number) walk through the Samarian lowlands. Mts. Gerigim and Ebal lie to the east. 1 . The group advances with determination and purpose. Judas at Jesus’ right; Peter at his left. A cluster of indigent villagers, women and children follow them. They come upon a makeshift asylum for the insane. The men are housed in a group of low-lying buildings. The deranged men run toward Jesus, fall at his feet, beg pitiful jibberish. . Judas and Peter try to ward them off. Jesus is angry -- not at the men, but at the evil spirits that possess them He slaps one man, kicks another:
35) 25) dialog: Shame on you! What has he done to you? The soil-colored poor from the slums have begun to gather around. These are the "Am Ha-aretz," the destitute Lower classes oppressed by wealthy Jews and Romans alike. They think: Jesus is right. This is the new law. The kingdom of the poor has come. The rich and poor scuffle, exchanging insults and taunts. The scene is near chaos when JESUS' BROTHER arrives with friends. They struggle to take Jesus down hill.
39) 0) text: Jesus and a select group of disciples approach a row of tombs carved into the hillside. The Bethany Woman points out Lazarus’ tomb. It is sealed by a large boulder. Jesus instructs Judas and Peter:
39) 16) dialog: Huh?
39) 19) dialog: That's stupid. Some say you're Ezekial, others, Jeremiah. Jesus sits down.
39) 22) dialog: I always liked Ezekial.
39) 24) dialog: Yeah. He didn't mince words about anything. Remember Obolibah -- the Jerusalem women who made love to the Chaldeans 'cause they were hung? (gestures; laughs) Ezekial wasn't afraid of anybody. He just told the truth.
39) 26) dialog: (interrupts) Sex, that's all it was...
39) 31) dialog: Jeremiah was a loser...
39) 37) dialog: (shrugs) Beats me.
40) 4) dialog: It's for the feast. Jesus, enraged, strides past the booths, overturning the tables. Scales, weights and coins from all over the world Scatter in every direction. The vendors rush to retrieve their money. Other vendors and customers turn on Jesus. Judas, Peter a the others forcibly fight them off. Jesus calls out:
46) 0) text: Jesus is on the march. Judas, Philip and Peter lead a group of ruffians twenty strong. Behind them the disciples and the entourage follows. Philip turns to Judas:
47) 8) dialog: Let's go! Now's the time. Although his followers have numerical strength, Jesus temains passive. The disciples turn to him -- waiting for a signal. Instead, Jesus looks at the ground.
47) 10) dialog: Decide! Jesus closes his eyes. John comes up to him:
47) 20) dialog: (to Judas) Can't you see the mess we're in?
47) 22) dialog: But, Rabbi, Passover without a lamb is impossible. Where will I get it?
49) 0) text: Judas taps a secret knock. Peter opens the door cautiousl and lets them enter. A high window lets moonlight into the large room. Three seven-branched candelabra illuminate the lamb, wine and unleavened bread. The disciples are seated on cushions around three sides o a square table. The fourth is open to facilitate serving. Jesus takes his place at the center of the table. Mary, Martha and Magdalene have all come to Jerusalem to celebrate the festival with Jesus and his disciples and prepare the ritual meal. Jesus fills the disciples’ cups from a pitcher of salt wa
49) 10) dialog: If you die, I'll die first. Because I will be at your side.
49) 16) dialog: Where is he going?
50) 0) text: Jesus and the disciples, cross the Kidron River and appro Gethsemane, a 3-acre park on the eastern slope of the Mou of Olives. Just east of the walls, the Kidron Valley lies between Jerusalem and the Mount of Olives. Today, as then, it is a necropolis "outside the walls." As they walk, Jesus and his disciples pass the monumental Hellenistic tombs of "Bene Hezir" and "Absalom" -- silent testimonials which still stand today. As they climb the steep hills of Gethsemane, Jesus leaves most of his group behind and proceeds with Peter, James and John. Passing through thick, gnarled olive groves, they reach a clearing marked by three boulders.
50) 13) dialog: Forgive me. Jesus hears the sound of soldiers in the distance.
52) 3) dialog: No. It must be someone else.
52) 5) dialog: You're crazy. Peter turns quickly and disappears in the crowd. cuT TO: 66 67 68 77.
53) 0) text: Peter is running down an alley when, turning a comer, he runs into Philip, also fleeing. They don't even speak. After a fleeting recognition, they sprint in opposite directions.
67) 14) dialog: The years, Master.
67) 25) dialog: There is another, outside.
67) 28) dialog: He's still pig~headed.
67) 31) dialog: (reprimanding) Judas, the Master is speaking to you. Judas breaks his silence with a loud voice:
67) 38) dialog: Don't you have any respect?
67) 42) dialog: Look at his wounds, Judas. Have mercy.
67) 49) dialog: We believed in you. You betrayed us. They turn and leave in a group. Jesus is alone with Satan Jesus looks at the great Archangel. Satan floats off the table and heads toward the door.