8) 3) text: A shoulder suddenly enters the flame, and someone's silhouette blocks the screen just for a couple of seconds before the intruder slips behind another curtain of dryin clothes, revealing Edna again:  she's still checking the clothes and hasn't noticed anything.
16) 14) text: She pushes the door - it swings open, revealing the open closets, the boxes and crates...
20) 1) text: Through thick, acrid smoke, Chili and her boyfriend, Chuc Cheech and Chong lookalies...can be seen sitting in the b on the floor, each puffing away like crazy on a bong fill with Marijuana.  Each wears a stereo headset that is plug into their own Sony Walkman portable cassette players.
64) 10) text: Flanking Fox, on either side, is ALI... a strapping Black with a full set of gold teeth... and LOCO... sporting a bandana, gold earrings and leather jacket.
64) 19) text: Ali and Loco leer at Shelly and surround him.  They lift off the ground, each grabbing an arm.
64) 21) dialog: (to Loco) Make a wish.
64) 29) text: Ali and Loco laugh and drop Shelly to the ground.  He qui regains his feet.
64) 46) text: She tosses the wallet to Vera.  Ali, Loco, and Fox share good laugh.
65) 2) text: In the background, Ali, Fox and Loco come out of the stor
65) 10) text: Shelly is already in the car when Vera jumps into the driver's seat and starts the ignition.  Side by side, Ali Fox and Loco strut deliberately towards the VW.
65) 18) text: Enraged, Alice, Fox and Loco race towards the VW and thei injured motorcycles.
65) 20) dialog: Get 'em.
69) 13) text: Swooping over a hill, in unison, three motorcycles head straight for them at top speed. It's Ali, Fox and Loco in black helmets.
70) 1) text: Vera slams on the brakes.  The car skids to a stop.  At t last possible moment, Fox steers her cycle deftly to the right of the VW.  Loco steers left. And, Ali jumps the ca flying over the top.
70) 2) text: As Ali lands on the highway, the three skid into a U-turn
71) 2) text: Ali easily catches up with the car and pulls up alongside driver's window.  Loco creeps up on the passenger's side. Fox moves in behind the vehicle.
71) 4) dialog: 
71) 10) dialog: 
71) 13) text: As Vera regains control of the VW, Ali drops back next to behind the car.
71) 14) text: Ali hands Fox the chain and signals for her to move up th passenger side.
73) 2) dialog: 
75) 2) text: Andy is at one end of the porch working out -- strenuous calisthenics.  Chili and Chuck sit together on the porch swing, opposite Andy, sharing a joint.  They watch Andy's inspiring performance as they rock back and forth.
75) 46) text: They jump into the car.  The CAMERA PANS with the VW as i drives off, revealing Andy and Debbie leaning against a t kissing.
75) 68) text: CAMERA TILTS UP from the boots to reveal... Ali, the Blac motorcyclist.  He's carrying an empty gas can and a sipho His eyes scan the area.  There's no one on sight -- Debbi already down by the lake.
75) 69) text: He signals with his hands and out from the bushes come Lo and Fox.  They scurry over to the van and duck down next Ali who is unscrewing the van's gas cap.
75) 75) dialog: (to Fox) Nobody's gonna get hurt, baby.
75) 76) text: Ali sticks the siphon down into the fuel tank and lays th gas can on the ground below it.  Loco tries to grab the siphon from Ali.
75) 80) dialog: (authoritative) I know what I'm doing.
77) 1) text: Ali and Loco have just completed filling up one gas can a are starting to fill the second one.  Ali sticks the siph in his mouth and draws on it.  The gas begins to flow as shoves the container into place to catch all the fluid.
77) 3) text: Ali and Loco spin around and look up.
77) 13) dialog: (shouting in a loud whisper) Quiet, woman!  Get off that thing!
77) 21) dialog: 
77) 24) dialog: You're getting me pissed-off, Fox. We got work to do.
77) 28) dialog: (to Loco) Go get her out of there.
79) 1) text: Carrying the two jugs of gasoline, one in each hand, Ali just outside the barn doors.  To gain entrance, he kicks the doors and looks around to see if anyone has heard him He waits for one of the two to let him in.
79) 6) dialog: 
79) 9) dialog: (loud whisper) Loco... Fox... Open this damn door.
79) 10) text: Frustrated by the lack of response from inside, Ali puts can down and pries open the door for himself.  He fumbles way inside.
80) 1) text: Ali closes the door behind him and immediately hears FOOTSTEPS CLOMPING around above him in the hayloft.
80) 2) dialog: What the hell are you two doin' up there?
80) 3) text: He rages over to the ladder and looks up.  His eyes widen mouth drops open.  Directly above him, Loco, the pitchfor still protruding from his stomach, falls through the open in the loft floor, right at Ali.
80) 4) text: The two crash to the barn floor, together.  Ali throws Lo body off of him and struggles to his feet.  He backs away fixated on Loco's engorged corpse and cries out for Fox - deep, moanful bellow.
80) 7) dialog: (trembling) Noooo!
80) 8) text: Ali turns and makes a mad dash for the door.  In his pani he trips over one of the gas cans.  Frantically, he crawl his hands and knees to the door.
82) 10) text: After an uncomfortable silence, Derek looks over at Chris Silhouetted by the light, Chris' profile is accentuated i all its vulnerability and sensuality. He puts his arm around her.  She tenses up.  Derek wants kiss her, but doesn't.
100) 1) text: Chuck stands at the stove, shaking a pot of popcorn over lit burner.  The corn kernels are actively popping as Chu lifts the cover off the pot, revealing the white fluffy morsels as they fly up and out (at CAMERA).  Chuck leans to catch them with his mouth.  He captures a few though m land on the floor.  He quickly replaces the lid.
104) 1) text: She bolts out of the basement and stumbles over Shelly's body, falling to the floor.  She looks back at Shelly and realizes that this is not a joke and that he is, indeed,