18) 4) text: The driver Chris...19, blond, attractive but intense...st down and circles around to the passenger side where two others jump out.  They are Debbie...19, brown-haired, vivacious and healthy, the all-american cheerleader type...and Andy...slims, athletic and ruggedly handsome.
18) 8) dialog: (pointing) It's the last house on the left. She lives downstairs.
18) 9) text: Chris turns back to the van.
18) 11) dialog: (calling through window) Hey Shelly!  Come on out and meet your date.
18) 14) text: Chris looks back at Andy and Debbie for advice.
18) 19) text: Chris calls into the van once again.
18) 21) dialog: How about you two?  You coming?
18) 25) text: Chris throws up her hands in frustration, joining Andy an Debbie.  They cross the street abreast.
18) 27) text: As they walk, Andy and Debbie are locked in each other's and they begin to kiss.  Chris looks at them and shakes h head.
18) 29) dialog: Sex, sex, sex.  You guys are getting boring, you know that?
18) 38) dialog: I know you didn't...
18) 41) dialog: (to Andy and Debbie) Look guys, I don't want to ruin your weekend.  What happened to me at the cottage happened a long time ago and I think I've worked that out. I'm all right now.
18) 44) dialog: (continuing) I appreciate the fact that you worry about me, but don't.
18) 50) text: The rubber knife bends in half.  Andy, Debbie and Chris w around to face the assailant.
18) 57) text: Chris and Debbie, in disgust, turn away and walk off.  An drops back to walk with Shelly.
18) 62) text: Chris and Debbie lead the way for Andy and Shelly up the porch steps, to the front door of a shabby, two-family ho
18) 63) text: Chris rings the bell.  Shelly takes a few steps back.  He mats down his unruly hair, tucks in his shirt and takes o his glasses.  He's ready.
18) 68) dialog: (friendly) Hi, Mrs. Sanchez.  I'm Chris. We've come to pick up Vera.
18) 71) text: She shuts the door in Chris' face.  The group stands ther not knowing what to do next.  V.O.'s from inside the hous they can hear Vera and her mother arguing in Spanish.
18) 73) dialog: What are they saying?
18) 81) dialog: (to Vera) Is everything okay?
19) 2) text: The whole group rushes off the porch and races to the van The first one there, Andy, opens the passenger side door jumps in.  Chris runs around to the driver's side and doe the same.
20) 2) text: Andy and Chris looks at each other as if to say "I should have known."
21) 1) text: Chris' red van speeds along the empty rural highway throu the lush New England countryside.
22) 5) dialog: We could've been there already... (looking at Debbie) ...if some people didn't have to go to the bathroom every five minutes.
24) 4) dialog: (looking out her sideview mirror) Oh, no.
26) 1) text: Andy grabs another bag and hands it to Chris.
26) 5) dialog: Try me some other time.  I'm driving.
26) 11) text: The sirens seem to be getting closer.  Chili leans in beh Chris.
28) 12) dialog: They're too close.  I gotta pull the van over.  Hurry up and swallow!  Everybody just be cool.
29) 1) text: Chris pulls the van to the side of the road.  She sticks head out to watch for the approaching cruisers.  Much to surprise and everyone else's, both police cars zoom by th van without stopping.
31) 5) text: Chris' red van approaches down the highway.
32) 1) text: Chris slows down the vehicle as she sees the flashing pol lights and ambulances.  She rubber-necks to see what's happening.
32) 5) text: Chris watches with morbid fascination, fueling her anxiet
32) 6) text: Debbie is also looking out the window at this unpleasant scene.  She turns to see Chris and reads the concern on h face.
32) 9) text: Chris turns her attention back to the highway and drives
36) 2) text: Chris adjusts her rearview mirror to include Abel.
36) 18) text: Chris watches via the rearview mirror.  Her expression is wary.
36) 31) text: The eyeball is reflected in the rearview mirror.  Chris i becoming quite upset.
38) 2) text: Chris leans against a tree, her arms crossed over her che She looks towards the woods, waiting.
38) 7) text: From out of the woods, Debbie appears.  She zips up the f of her jeans and approaches the others.  Chris and Vera applaud.
38) 10) text: Smiling, Chris puts her arms around Debbie's shoulder and two walk toward the van.
38) 16) dialog: (brushing herself off) How come there's never a cop around when you really need one.
39) 1) text: Chris is still driving.
39) 6) dialog: Wake up, everybody.  Revenge is ours. (pointing out the front window) Look!
39) 7) text: Chris slows down the van.  The group quickly moves forwar and peers out the front windshield.  One by one, a smile crosses each dour face.
42) 1) text: Chris turns on the radio -- Rock 'n Roll MUSIC blares as lighthearted atmosphere returns.
45) 6) text: The CAMERA reveals this serene, idyllic panorama and PICK Chris' van as it bumps along the dirt road and slows down a crawl to pass over a creaky, dilapidated wooden bridge runs over a dried-up stream.
47) 1) text: The van comes to a stop.  Chris jumps out and looks towar the house.  A collection of memories posses her for a mom before she reaches for the knotted rope and unties the ta covering the bulk of the baggage on top.
47) 3) dialog: (loud so the others can hear) Let's bring in the luggage first, then I'll give you a tour of the house and the barn and then we can hang out at the lake... All right?
47) 5) text: Chris walks around to the other side of the van and finds doors left wide open and no one about.  She turns to see friends running towards the lake, unable to resist the splendor of the shimmering water and sun dappled landscap
47) 6) text: Debbie turns back and gestures for Chris to join them.
47) 10) dialog: (shaking her head) You go ahead...
47) 11) text: In the background, behind Chris, the Shadowy Figure, OUT FOCUS, appears behind a curtain in the living room.
47) 13) dialog: (to Debbie) I'm gonna take my bags into the house first and look around.
47) 14) text: Chris turns toward the house.  The Figure disappears from view.  Chris grabs a piece of baggage in each hand and innocently strides up the path and porch steps to the fro door.
47) 16) text: She rifles through her handbag, comes up with the keys an reaches for the doorknob to find that the door is already open, ever so slightly.  A look of concern flashes across Chris' face.
47) 18) dialog: (continuing) Hello?
47) 20) text: Cautiously, Chris pushes the door.  Creaking, it opens wi She hesitates a moment then takes a step inside.
47) 22) dialog: (hearing a noise) Who's there?
47) 23) text: From out of nowhere, a hand grabs Chris by the neck and p her OUT OF FRAME.  She SCREAMS!
48) 1) text: Pinned up against the wall, Chris is being embraced and kissed passionately by a MAN whose face is not yet visibl
48) 2) text: Resisting, Chris pushes him off.
48) 4) dialog: Derek... stop.
48) 8) dialog: You know what I've been through. Don't ever scare me like that.
48) 12) dialog: (with a smile) You can say... "Hello, how are you?"... for starters.
48) 17) dialog: (moving away) You haven't changed a bit.  Always so sure of yourself.  Even when we were kids, when you wanted something, nothing could stop you.
48) 21) dialog: I don't know.
48) 25) dialog: Just slow down.  Let me get to know you again.  Let me get to know this place again.
48) 28) text: Chris embraces Derek.  Behind them, passing the porch windows, OUT OF FOCUS, is the shadowy figure of JASON. Neither Chris nor Derek is aware of the presence.
48) 29) dialog: (breaking the embrace) Come outside and help me with the bags.
49) 1) text: Chris and Derek bound down the porch steps to the van.
49) 4) text: Chris moves around to the opposite side.  The sliding doo which was previously wide open is now closed.
49) 6) dialog: (unsure, talking out loud) This door was open just a minute ago, wasn't it?
49) 10) dialog: Nothing.
49) 11) text: The SOUND of the others thrashing about in the lake can b heard as Chris reaches for the handle and whisks the door aside.  Instinctively, she braces herself, but nothing ju out at her.  Annoyed with herself for being so suspicious jumpy, Chris just leans in and grabs for the first bag sh sees.
49) 12) text: A HAND springs INTO FRAME and wraps around Chris' wrist. gasps and jumps back.
49) 16) dialog: What're you doing in there?  Why aren't you down at the lake with the others.
49) 19) text: Chris looks toward the lake.
51) 4) text: Chris and Debbie, unburdened by luggage, reach the second floor landing.
52) 1) text: Chris throws open the door and allows Debbie to enter fir
52) 3) dialog: This was my bedroom.  It's yours for the weekend.
52) 4) text: Chris walks over to the windows and separates the curtain flooding the room with light.  She opens the windows -- a cool breeze blows in.
52) 8) text: With an impish smile, Chris goes over to the closet and p out a crumpled mass of netting.  She hands it to Debbie.
52) 12) dialog: Your bed.
52) 16) dialog: Have you ever made love in a hammock?
52) 17) text: Chris exits, closing the door behind her.
53) 1) text: Chris in CLOSE SHOT, looks around the room, concerned abo what she sees.
53) 3) dialog: (calling out) Derek, come in here!
53) 11) dialog: (her attention focused elsewhere) Did you stay here last night?
53) 14) dialog: Somebody was in here.
53) 18) dialog: I'm serious.  Doesn't this look a little strange to you?
53) 19) text: Chris begins straightening up the room, pushing in the drawers, etc.
53) 22) text: Derek moves over to help Chris make the bed.
53) 24) dialog: You have an answer for everything, don't you?
53) 28) text: Chris looks at Derek thoughtfully, but unconvinced.  They finish making the bed in silence.
54) 1) text: Several six packs of empty beer bottles line a picnic tab which is further cluttered with half-eaten sandwiches and usual array of picnic goodies. Shelly and Vera sits across from each other, in the midst a beer chugging contest.  Derek, Andy and Chuck sit on ei side Shelly, encouraging him to victory.  Chris, Chili an Debbie, on either side of Vera, do likewise.
61) 4) dialog: (shouting up the stairs) Are you all right, Shelly?
61) 9) dialog: No.  I can look around by myself. I'll take the upstairs.
61) 10) text: The group disperses.  The CAMERA STAYS with Chris.  She h up the spiral staircase to the second-floor landing.
62) 3) dialog: (before going in) Shelly...?
62) 4) text: The room is in order.  Chris takes a few hesitant steps inside, looking all around.  There's no trace of him.
62) 5) text: There are two closets in the room.  Chris reaches out for nearest one and pulls open the door.
62) 10) text: An axe imbedded in his head, and bleeding profusely, fall forward into Chris' arms.  She SHRIEKS as Shelly's lifele body slides down her arm and slumps to the floor.  Chris recoils, SCREAMING in horror.
62) 15) dialog: (sobbing) He's dead... he's dead...
62) 29) dialog: (enraged) Why you little bastard!  I'll kill you!
62) 30) text: Chris jumps Shelly and pummels him with punches.  The fak axe falls from his head as Shelly fends off Chris.  Derek grabs her and pulls her off.
75) 34) text: Derek runs up to his car.  Chris follows.  Shelly and Ver inside the house.  Chili and Chuck follow behind, carryin the packages in.
75) 42) dialog: Why don't we drive over to the cove and watch the sunset.  It'll mellow you out.
82) 4) dialog: 
82) 8) text: Chris nods and sits on the shore, looking out at water. rubs the chill from her body.  Derek takes off his jean jacket and puts it around Chris' shoulders.  He sits down beside her.
82) 10) text: After an uncomfortable silence, Derek looks over at Chris Silhouetted by the light, Chris' profile is accentuated i all its vulnerability and sensuality. He puts his arm around her.  She tenses up.  Derek wants kiss her, but doesn't.
82) 14) dialog: It's deceiving.
82) 18) dialog: The quiet can fool you.  It fooled me.  You can never be sure of what's out there.
82) 23) dialog: (hesitating) ... To prove something to myself... to prove I'm stronger than I think I am.
82) 27) dialog: I'm here with you.  Can't that be enough for now?
82) 31) dialog: I'm trying.  I'm really trying.
82) 35) dialog: You promised you'd never ask me.
82) 38) text: Chris looks into Derek's eyes.
86) 5) dialog: I had never made love to anybody before that night. You made it so special, I hope it would always be like that for us.
86) 6) text: The CAMERA begins to dolly slowly -- ever so slowly -- ar Derek and Chris.
86) 9) dialog: When you dropped me off at the house, it was very late.  My parents were waiting up for me. As soon as I got in the door, they starting yelling and cursing at me.  I was so upset... I told them I slept with you.  My mothers slapped me.  That was the first time she'd ever hit me.  I couldn't believe it.  I ran out of the house and into the woods as fast and as far as I could run. I was crying.  They had destroyed the most beautiful night of my life and I wanted to punish them for that.  I decided to hide out all night.  They'd be so worried  that they'd be sorry for what they did to me.  The woods were cold and damp from the rain.  I found a dry spot under a rotted oak tree and I guess I fell asleep. (takes a deep breath) All I can remember next is being startled out of sleep by the sound of footsteps.  I thought it was my father so I hid behind the tree. But the footsteps just stopped. The woods were dark.  I couldn't see anything. (intensifying) I heard a cracking noise behind me.  I turned around and... and... oh, God... there was this hideous looking man.  So grotesque he was almost inhuman.  He had a knife and he started to slash away at me, again and again.  I was so hysterical and I don't know how I was able to get away.  I ran and ran, but he kept coming.  He was big but so fast.  He caught me and pulled me down to the ground and he... he... ripped my blouse off. I was screaming, but who could hear me?  Then... oh, God... he dragged me by the hair along the ground.  I was kicking and yelling.  He dragged me deeper and deeper into the woods.  Oh, please... please...
87) 2) dialog: I... I don't know what happened after that.  I must have fainted because the next thing I knew I would talk about it.  And I never have.  Not until now.  I just wanted to forget.  But I can't. I'll never forget that horrible face.  Never.
87) 5) dialog: (alarmed) Who's there?
87) 9) text: The two run up to the car.  Derek jumps in and tries to s it.  The engine WHIRS but won't turn over.  Chris looks apprehensively at Derek.  He grabs a flashlight from the glove compartment, flicks it on and gets out of the car.
99) 2) text: Derek and Chris silently walk along the dirt road leading back to the house.  Derek holds the flashlight.
99) 5) dialog: Could we move a little faster?
99) 10) text: Chris grabs the flashlight from the ground and shines the light into the man's face...
99) 13) dialog: What're you doing out here?
99) 17) dialog: Sort of.
99) 31) text: Derek hobbles past Abel.  Chris follows a moment later. looks after them as they go then up at the sky.
99) 34) text: Chris looks back at Abel as she and Derek continue down t road.