22) 10) text: Chili and Chuck are sprawled out on the floor, taking inventory of their numerous joints and bags of Marijuana.
22) 12) text: Shelly can't stop staring at Vera, admiring her sexy body Vera senses that Shelly is undressing her with his eyes a quickly turns her head around and catches him looking at breasts.  Shelly averts his eyes in embarrassment and loo over at Chuck who lights up a joint, inhales and hands it Chili.
22) 15) dialog: Why not, man?  Is there a law against it?
22) 19) dialog: (confused) Like what?
22) 29) dialog: Home grown, man!  Of course it's good!
24) 10) dialog: Destroy the evidence?  No, man!
24) 13) text: They all look at one another, perplexed.  Vera is amused. Without a word and simultaneously, Chili and Chuck begin stuff loose grass and joints into their mouths.
24) 14) dialog: (mouth full) Come on, dig in!
28) 1) text: Chili, Chuck, Andy and Vera's cheeks are filled to capaci with dope.  Their faces are turning green.  Still they continue to stuff in more at a frantic pace. Shelly holds his black suitcase tightly to his chest as h watches out the back window with concern.
30) 6) dialog: I'm gonna be sicker than all of you, man.  Now I gotta spend the whole weekend totally straight... (buries his head in his hands) I don't think I can make it, man!
30) 9) text: She slowly unbuttons her blouse.  Everyone looks at her, puzzled.  Chuck raises his head.
30) 11) dialog: (mistaking Chili's intentions) Not now, man!
30) 12) text: Her fingers reach inside her bra -- but instead of freein her breasts, she pulls out a good size plastic bag of marijuana.  Chuck's mouth drops open.
30) 16) dialog: (throwing his arms around Chili) I love you, man!
34) 16) dialog: (reassuring) He looks just like my grandfather, man.  Let's give him a ride.
49) 22) text: Andy, Debbie and Vera frolic about naked in the water.  C and Chuck dive off the dock, fully clothed.
50) 1) text: Pitch black save for a slice of sunlight from an elevated basement window.  The door swings open.  Silhouetted in t doorway are Chili and Chuck just come from the lake, dren and dripping in their wet clothing.
50) 3) dialog: (uneasy) It's dark down there.
50) 7) dialog: And Hell is hot, but I ain't goin' down there either.
50) 11) text: She takes Chuck by the hand and leads him down the stairs Their sneakers, sodden with water, squeak and squish as t go.  Water drips from their hair and clothes, forming lit puddles that follow their every step.
50) 14) text: Chuck pulls off his shirt and hands it to Chili.  She rin it out onto the floor creating a pool of water under the fusebox.
50) 15) text: As Chuck zips down his pants, Chili turns on the dryer. Annoyingly, the dryer RATTLES and SHAKES.
50) 19) dialog: You broke the electricity, man!
50) 22) text: Chili and Chuck whirl around to look.
50) 25) dialog: (on edge) Who's there?!
54) 1) text: Several six packs of empty beer bottles line a picnic tab which is further cluttered with half-eaten sandwiches and usual array of picnic goodies. Shelly and Vera sits across from each other, in the midst a beer chugging contest.  Derek, Andy and Chuck sit on ei side Shelly, encouraging him to victory.  Chris, Chili an Debbie, on either side of Vera, do likewise.
62) 19) text: Andy and Debbie, followed by Chili and Chuck, rush into t room.  They react accordingly, except Andy.  He is curiou unaffected by the gruesome sight.  He bends down over She
75) 2) text: Andy is at one end of the porch working out -- strenuous calisthenics.  Chili and Chuck sit together on the porch swing, opposite Andy, sharing a joint.  They watch Andy's inspiring performance as they rock back and forth.
75) 4) dialog: Maybe we should do some exercise.
75) 9) text: Chili, Chuck and Andy see the car coming. The damage is evident even from a distance.  They run from the porch as VW passes Debbie and comes to a halt just in front of the barn.
75) 10) text: Chili, Chuck, Andy and Debbie surround the car.  Chuck pu his hand through the frame of the windshield and touches Vera's face.
75) 11) dialog: Where's your windshield, man?
75) 16) text: Shelly and Vera grab the bags and get out of the car.  Th hand the packages to Chili and Chuck.
75) 34) text: Derek runs up to his car.  Chris follows.  Shelly and Ver inside the house.  Chili and Chuck follow behind, carryin the packages in.
81) 10) text: Andy looks into the living room.  Vera, Chili and Chuck a engaged in the same child's play.  Each wallops a little rubberball in their own inimitable style.
81) 15) dialog: (fumbling) One hundred... ninety nine... ninety eight...
83) 2) text: IN CLOSE-up, the CAMERA PANS the staring bored faces of Chili, Chuck, Vera, Shelly and Debbie until it stop of th intense, concentrating face of Andy -- the elastic and rubberball pass his face again and again.
83) 10) dialog: Who cares, man?!
83) 28) text: Chuck follows Chili out the back door.
100) 1) text: Chuck stands at the stove, shaking a pot of popcorn over lit burner.  The corn kernels are actively popping as Chu lifts the cover off the pot, revealing the white fluffy morsels as they fly up and out (at CAMERA).  Chuck leans to catch them with his mouth.  He captures a few though m land on the floor.  He quickly replaces the lid.
100) 5) dialog: I can't even remember what day it is, man.
100) 10) dialog: (alarmed) What's the matter?!
100) 14) dialog: Don't do that to me!
100) 15) text: Chili flicks on the flashlight and hands it to Chuck.
100) 19) dialog: Will you come with me?
100) 22) text: Chili takes a kerosene lamp down from the window sill as Chuck reluctantly opens the cellar door and starts down t stairs.
101) 1) text: Barefoot, Chuck tiptoes down into the dark, musty basemen The flashlight beam preceeds his every step as he slowly advances.
101) 4) dialog: (his eyes roving all around) There's nothin' to be scared of, man.  Just go over to the fusebox and check it out.  You can do that.  Yeah, sure.
101) 6) text: Chuck lifts the switch into the "ON" position.  The naked basement bulb glimmers.
101) 8) dialog: (turning to go) Whew... that's better.
101) 12) text: Chuck is startled and scared.  Before he can speak, Jason grabs his face with both hands, lifts him off the ground throws him into the open fusebox.
101) 13) text: Chuck's feet land in a pool of water as his hands make contact with the exposed electrical wires.  Electricity z through his entire body, electrocuting him.  The lights b on and off.
102) 12) text: She believes this to be another of Shelly's ruses.  Stepp over his body, she goes to the basement stairs and calls to Chuck.
103) 7) text: Suddenly, as though suspended from the ceiling, Chuck's h and shoulders flop down in front of her, his arms outstre and his face stark white.