2) 10) dialog: 
2) 13) dialog: (loud, harsh) Goddamnit Harold!  I spent all day yesterday washing your clothes and look what you're doing to 'em. Shows how much you care about me.
2) 15) text: Above him, Edna raves on for a moment (we can't make out she is saying), then furiously slams the window shut.
3) 1) text: The room is musty and cluttered like an old attic.  Edna stomps away from the window and turns her attention to th partially functional, old clunker of a black and white TV She plops herself down onto the lumpy couch and picks up knitting needles and returns to work on a sweater.  A new report about the mass murders is being broadcast.
3) 7) dialog: 
3) 12) dialog: (to herself) My God, My God, My God.
3) 15) text: Visibly upset, Edna rises to her feet.  She goes over to door leading downstairs to the market, opens it and call
3) 17) dialog: Harold, what're you doing down there?
3) 20) dialog: (continuing) Harold... I want to talk to you.
4) 1) text: of the backyard.  The laundry quietly swells in the wind. For an instant, a human form is visible between layers of drying clothes.  From this distance, Edna can't make out it is.
4) 3) dialog: Harold?
5) 1) text: Unnerved by the continuing noise of the TV, Edna goes bac shut it off.  She quickly returns to the window and looks again.
6) 1) text: Edna runs for the apartment door.
7) 1) text: Edna flies down the stairs and enters the store from the back.  The market is dark, save does shafts of dying sunl through the grimy front windows. She scans the few aisles back and forth.
7) 3) dialog: Harold?
7) 4) text: A big rabbit appears from behind an arrangement of Campbe soup cans, and stands on its hind legs on the aisle, tryi to guess Edna's next move.  Still calling Harold, she tur starts at the sight of the rabbit; she grabs a tomato fro the produce display, throw it at the animal.
7) 6) dialog: (continuing) God Damn pest, what are you staring at?
8) 1) text: The sunlight is almost gone, stretching the shadows even more.  In her nightgown, Edna pushed open the creaky scre door and steps out into the backyard.
8) 3) text: A shoulder suddenly enters the flame, and someone's silhouette blocks the screen just for a couple of seconds before the intruder slips behind another curtain of dryin clothes, revealing Edna again:  she's still checking the clothes and hasn't noticed anything.
8) 6) dialog: Christ All Mighty, Harold, you just take what's yours and leave the rest for me to do.  Very considerate! (collecting the dry laundry and putting it in a basket) You could at least finished the job.  Do I have to do everything around here?
8) 7) text: Edna hears a noise and whips around.  Her imagination is working overtime. A bedsheet is swelling slowly in the breeze, taking the s of a human body.  Is anyone behind it?  Ominous music...
8) 9) dialog: (swallowing hard) Harold... I swear, sometimes you're such a child...
8) 12) text: Edna gets up and quickly pulls the remaining laundry off lines, tossing it into the basket.  As she does, she pass near the wooden shed at the back of the store.
9) 1) text: The shed door creak open.  Edna turns around.  Suddenly, there's a crashing noise from inside.  That's enough for Edna... she hauls up the basket and rushes back inside th store.
10) 1) text: The white rabbit that gave Edna such a scare is now hoppi across a row of canned goods.  A man's hand enters frame grabs the rabbit by the nape of its neck and lifts it off shelf, into his arms.
10) 22) text: Unexpectedly, Harold find himself face to face... with hi wife, Edna.
10) 23) dialog: Didn't I feed you enough for breakfast?
10) 26) dialog: (continuing) The doctor said you had to lose weight, didn't he?  I try to help you but you sneak food behind my back.  What am I gonna do with you?
10) 29) dialog: (continuing) And put those filthy animals back where they belong, please!
14) 1) text: Harold bursts through the door, crashing into his unsuspecting wife.  Edna is knocked off balance and tries hold onto him.
14) 3) dialog: What happened?  What's the matter?
14) 6) dialog: (continuing) It's all the crap you've been stuffing yourself with.
14) 7) text: Edna turns up the volume on the TV and plunks herself dow the couch.
14) 10) dialog: (rummaging all around her) Now where could that other needle have gone?
16) 1) text: Edna hears the crash.  She turns off the television.
16) 3) dialog: Harold?
16) 5) dialog: (rattling the door knob) Harold... what's taking you so long in there?  You all right?
16) 8) dialog: (continuing) Whiskey, I thought so.
16) 11) text: For a moment, Edna is nonplussed.
16) 13) dialog: (continuing) Harold!
17) 1) text: Edna steps inside and inadvertently kicks the half-empty bottle of Whiskey.  She picks up the bottle while the flushing noise persists maddeningly.
17) 6) text: The Whiskey bottle falls from Edna's hand, hits the floor shatters.
17) 7) text: Edna screams uncontrollably.