64) 9) text: FOX... a Black woman outfitted in skin-tight black leathe holds the wallet.  Vera and she have an immediate and mut dislike for each other.
64) 10) text: Flanking Fox, on either side, is ALI... a strapping Black with a full set of gold teeth... and LOCO... sporting a bandana, gold earrings and leather jacket.
64) 12) text: As Fox and Vera stare at each other, Shelly comes up behi Vera.
64) 24) text: Fox leafs through the wallet.  Vera holds out her hand.
64) 27) text: Fox continues rummaging through the wallet.  She pulls ou prophylactic packet.
64) 28) dialog: (reading off the foil cover) "A True Trojan... thin as a shadow, strong as a horse."
64) 32) text: She grabs for the wallet.  Fox is quick to react, pulling away from Vera's reach.
64) 34) dialog: Didn't your mama teach you manners? If you want somethin', you ask nice!
64) 41) dialog: You mean, "May we please have the wallet... ma'am."
64) 45) dialog: That's good.  That's real nice.
64) 46) text: She tosses the wallet to Vera.  Ali, Loco, and Fox share good laugh.
65) 2) text: In the background, Ali, Fox and Loco come out of the stor
65) 10) text: Shelly is already in the car when Vera jumps into the driver's seat and starts the ignition.  Side by side, Ali Fox and Loco strut deliberately towards the VW.
65) 18) text: Enraged, Alice, Fox and Loco race towards the VW and thei injured motorcycles.
69) 13) text: Swooping over a hill, in unison, three motorcycles head straight for them at top speed. It's Ali, Fox and Loco in black helmets.
70) 1) text: Vera slams on the brakes.  The car skids to a stop.  At t last possible moment, Fox steers her cycle deftly to the right of the VW.  Loco steers left. And, Ali jumps the ca flying over the top.
71) 2) text: Ali easily catches up with the car and pulls up alongside driver's window.  Loco creeps up on the passenger's side. Fox moves in behind the vehicle.
71) 14) text: Ali hands Fox the chain and signals for her to move up th passenger side.
72) 1) text: Shelly watches as Fox moves up alongside.
72) 11) text: Waving the chain menacingly, Fox pulls up alongside Shell window.
72) 20) dialog: 
72) 26) dialog: 
72) 29) text: Fox reaches for her face and falls backwards off her cycl
75) 69) text: He signals with his hands and out from the bushes come Lo and Fox.  They scurry over to the van and duck down next Ali who is unscrewing the van's gas cap.
75) 71) dialog: Maybe we shouldn't do this, Ali.
75) 81) text: Fox's attention is drawn to the barn as her cohorts conti with the task at hand.
75) 83) text: Fox cautiously pulls open one of the two doors.  It CREAK loudly.  She stops and looks around to see if anyone has heard -- the coast is clear.  She slips into the barn and pulls the door closed behind her.
76) 2) text: Fox scans the premises.  Her face lights up with the smil a child in a toy store trying to decide which area to exp first.
76) 4) text: With the fascination of a street kid who has probably nev seen the inside of a barn, Fox wanders through the rustic interior.  In her high-heeled boots, she has trouble maneuvering around on the muddy, hay covered floor.
76) 5) text: As she approaches the toolshed, one of her heels sticks d into a sticky patch of mud and she falls forward off-bala To stop her fall, Fox reaches out for the toolshed handle She grabs it but the rotting old door tears off its hinge and she topples to the ground -- her face landing inches from a pitchfork's prongs aiming upwards at her.
76) 6) text: Her eyes focus on the sharp teeth of the pitchfork.  Alar by the close call, Fox tosses the implement away, gets up dusts herself off.
76) 7) text: Looking skyward to the loft area, Fox moves over to its ladder and starts up.  The ladder quivers as she ascends, apparently dislodging a bale of hay at the top and sendin crashing towards her.  (Or, was it Jason?)  Fox swings he body out of the way just in time.  The bale whizzes by he and hits the barn floor with a THUD.
77) 2) text: The SOUND of Fox wailing like a wounded animal...
77) 6) text: Fox comes swinging out, Tarzan-like, from the hayloft on rope attached to the block and tackle.  She's having a he of a good time.
77) 8) dialog: (shouting) Whoaaa....!
77) 15) dialog: 
77) 18) dialog: But it feels so goooooood...!
78) 20) text: In front of him, Fox's body, raised off the ground and impaled with a pitchfork through her and into the wall. Her eyes are open wide with a deathly stare while her fee kick against the wall with final spasms of life.  Blood f from the penetrations in her torso.
80) 4) text: The two crash to the barn floor, together.  Ali throws Lo body off of him and struggles to his feet.  He backs away fixated on Loco's engorged corpse and cries out for Fox - deep, moanful bellow.