2) 8) text: And then a man parts two shrouds of wet laundry, making h way back towards the house.  This is HAROLD: 40ish, paunc unshaven and so clumsy that he hits the clothesline pole knocks it down, burying himself under a heap of linen.  A transistor radio pops out of the pocket of his threadbare shirt, still broadcasting the news.  One of the upstairs windows opens with a creak, and
2) 11) text: Harold's wife, sticks her head out and looks into the backyard:
2) 14) text: Harold watches her from under the pile of laundry.  Then grabs the radio, staggers up, increasing the radio's volu as he does so, to drown out the voice of his wife.
7) 4) text: A big rabbit appears from behind an arrangement of Campbe soup cans, and stands on its hind legs on the aisle, tryi to guess Edna's next move.  Still calling Harold, she tur starts at the sight of the rabbit; she grabs a tomato fro the produce display, throw it at the animal.
10) 2) text: It's Harold.  He places the rabbit on his shoulder and gr a jar of peanuts from the shelf.  He twists open the vacu sealed jar and wolfs down a handful of its contents.  Wit another handful, he feeds the rabbit, who sniffs and part
10) 3) text: Harold rescrews the lid and places it back on the shelf. turns on the radio in his breast pocket.  Music blares.
10) 5) text: Harold stops at the dairy case and grabs a half-gallon ju milk.  He breaks the seal and pulls off the cap.  He firs offers the rabbit a taste, then gulps down a swig himself
10) 9) dialog: 
10) 12) text: Harold turns around.  The the produce section, the cellop packages of carrots on display are moving slightly.
10) 16) dialog: (looking from one rabbit to the other) Sorry guys, it's back to the slammer before Edna make a fur coat out of ya.
10) 17) text: On his way to the back door, Harold passes a rack of cake and pies.  He stops long enough to open a box of six chocolate-covered donuts.  He takes one out and shoves it into his mouth.
10) 18) text: Unbeknownst to Harold, a human form in shadow appears at back door.  The door is quietly pushed open.  Someone is watching him.
10) 19) text: The camera as stalker enters the store and moves slowly towards Harold, his back to us.  Ominous music accompanie the approach.
10) 20) text: Checks filled to capacity.  Harold closes the package and puts it back in place on the rack, hiding it under severa unopened packages.
10) 21) text: Harold turns.  The stalker is right behind him, completel startled, he jumps back and chokes on the doughnuts.  The rabbits hop off his shoulders.
10) 22) text: Unexpectedly, Harold find himself face to face... with hi wife, Edna.
10) 24) text: Harold doesn't answer.
10) 27) text: Without a word, Harold bends down to retrieve the rabbits He scoops them up in his arms.
10) 30) text: Harold exits by way of the back door.
11) 1) text: Harold puts the grey rabbit on his shoulder, the white ra remains wrapped in his arms.  He swallows the rest of the doughnut in his mouth as he flips a flashlight out of his back pocket and ambles across the yard.
12) 2) text: Harold flicks on the flashlight as he enters.  The rabbit atop his shoulder jumps off and scurries away.  The rabbi his arms squirms and squeals.  The animals sense that something is wrong.
12) 4) dialog: (stroking the white rabbit) What're you little guys so nervous about?
12) 9) text: Harold stands immobilized, in a state of shock.  He looks down upon the limp bodies of his beloved pets, his face turned into a sad mask of outrage.  He holds onto the whi rabbit even tighter.
12) 11) dialog: Who would do this...?
12) 12) text: Trembling, Harold reaches to lift the lid of the hutch. music throbs...
12) 15) text: Instinctively, Harold slams the hutch down, dropping his flashlight and the white rabbit.  The snake hisses and sp at the camera through the wife mesh.
12) 16) text: Literally scared shitless, Harold races out of the shed, holding his stomach with both hands.
13) 1) text: Harold dashes through the back door, and up the stairs li a charging bull.
14) 1) text: Harold bursts through the door, crashing into his unsuspecting wife.  Edna is knocked off balance and tries hold onto him.
14) 4) text: Harold can't talk.  He rubs his stomach and heads straigh for the bathroom, vanishing inside.
15) 2) text: The sound of the TV filters through the door as Harold, trousers down to his knees, sits on the toilet, sighing w relief as the first bout of diarrhea is over.
15) 6) dialog: (to himself) Those poor little creatures...
15) 10) text: Harold waits.  The curtains seem still.  Harold is about relax when a brief, hollow noise is heard.
15) 11) text: Harold tries to locate the noise, but it's over before he tell its source.  Pants around his ankles, he rises, shuf to one of the closets.  It takes some courage to yank the door open, and the camera moves fast into a...
15) 13) text: Breathing relief, Harold pulls up his pants again, just enough to be able to hobble grotesquely to the dusty curt He rips it apart, stares at the odd assortment of boxes a crates - empty, lifeless, and uncannily menacing because their lifelessness.
15) 14) text: Reassured, Harold gives the other closet a glance, almost decides against checking it - and then changes his mind, stumbles, pants still around his ankles, towards it.
15) 15) text: Looks like this one hasn't been opened at all for a long time.  Harold tugs at the door - a creak, followed instan by a musical stinger as a huge hand holding a meat cleave rips into the shot, strikes Harold, imbedding the cleaver his chest.
15) 16) text: Harold manages a half-scream that mixes incongruously wit the laughter from the TV in the living room.  As the hand twists the cleaver, the scream becomes a raspy cough.
15) 17) text: Harold stumbles backwards and crashes to the floor.
17) 2) text: She turns toward the toilet, which is behind the door and screams at the sight of Harold sitting there.
17) 4) dialog: 