64) 10) text: Flanking Fox, on either side, is ALI... a strapping Black with a full set of gold teeth... and LOCO... sporting a bandana, gold earrings and leather jacket.
64) 19) text: Ali and Loco leer at Shelly and surround him.  They lift off the ground, each grabbing an arm.
64) 29) text: Ali and Loco laugh and drop Shelly to the ground.  He qui regains his feet.
64) 46) text: She tosses the wallet to Vera.  Ali, Loco, and Fox share good laugh.
65) 2) text: In the background, Ali, Fox and Loco come out of the stor
65) 10) text: Shelly is already in the car when Vera jumps into the driver's seat and starts the ignition.  Side by side, Ali Fox and Loco strut deliberately towards the VW.
65) 18) text: Enraged, Alice, Fox and Loco race towards the VW and thei injured motorcycles.
69) 13) text: Swooping over a hill, in unison, three motorcycles head straight for them at top speed. It's Ali, Fox and Loco in black helmets.
70) 1) text: Vera slams on the brakes.  The car skids to a stop.  At t last possible moment, Fox steers her cycle deftly to the right of the VW.  Loco steers left. And, Ali jumps the ca flying over the top.
71) 2) text: Ali easily catches up with the car and pulls up alongside driver's window.  Loco creeps up on the passenger's side. Fox moves in behind the vehicle.
71) 12) text: The car swerves out of control to the right, knocking int Loco, sending him and his cycle flying off the road.
75) 73) dialog: We gotta even the score, don't we?
75) 76) text: Ali sticks the siphon down into the fuel tank and lays th gas can on the ground below it.  Loco tries to grab the siphon from Ali.
75) 78) dialog: (over anxious) Let me do it.
77) 1) text: Ali and Loco have just completed filling up one gas can a are starting to fill the second one.  Ali sticks the siph in his mouth and draws on it.  The gas begins to flow as shoves the container into place to catch all the fluid.
77) 3) text: Ali and Loco spin around and look up.
77) 29) text: Loco hunches over, keeping his body low to the ground as high-tails it to the barn and zips inside.
78) 1) text: Loco advances deeper into the barn, his eyes looking everywhere.
78) 4) dialog: (agitated) Fox... where are ya!?
78) 7) dialog: (continuing) Stop foolin' around.  You're screwin' up everything.
78) 10) dialog: (continuing) Shit!
78) 13) dialog: (continuing) You've had it now, woman!  I'm mad!
78) 16) text: Loco comes through the opening and steps onto the floorbo The deep shadows hide the corners of the loft and Loco ha squint his eyes to see.
78) 21) text: The horrific sight is even too much for Loco.  He gags an grasps his mouth with his hand, choking back a scream.
78) 24) text: Loco's face registers shock and horror as he runs smack i the teeth of an onrushing pitchfork being thrust at him.
80) 3) text: He rages over to the ladder and looks up.  His eyes widen mouth drops open.  Directly above him, Loco, the pitchfor still protruding from his stomach, falls through the open in the loft floor, right at Ali.
80) 4) text: The two crash to the barn floor, together.  Ali throws Lo body off of him and struggles to his feet.  He backs away fixated on Loco's engorged corpse and cries out for Fox - deep, moanful bellow.