0) 0) text: MAUD DOWLEY, (32) an odd, impish little creature, with hu saucers for eyes, is lying on the tall, overgrown grass staring up at the sky, smoking a cigarette. Her fingers a gnarled, her knuckles swollen with arthritis. A shadow repeatedly moves across her face and leaves it. The shadow is from an old swing made of rope and wood, dangling from the branch of a tree. The swing is swaying back and forth. As it slows down, Maud reaches up and giv it another push. She keeps staring at the sky, blowing he smoke towards the sky and watching as it blends into the clouds above. She stares at the clouds curiously, suddenl finding shapes and objects: A bunny rabbit. A steam engin Kittens. AUNT IDA (55), a sturdy, robust woman comes out, carrying mop and bucket. She is wearing an apron and a scarf aroun her head. Her sleeves are rolled up passed her elbows. She's heavily into her spring cleaning. Beads of sweat ru down her forehead. Maud picks herself up from the ground and takes a seat on the swing. Her feet dangling, unable to reach the ground. Ida hurries past Maud, a woman on a mission. The clothesline is filled with sheets, billowing about in the wind. The fence is lined with hooked rugs, out for freshening. Aunt Ida chucks the water from the bucket off to the side of the house. She takes the mop and starts to whack the rugs. Little clouds of dust appear with each wh
1) 1) dialog: Here you go. Would you like jam?
1) 4) dialog: Your brother is coming by tomorrow. Maud looks up, surprised.
1) 6) dialog: He's moving to Halifax. So he's dropping off a few of your things.
1) 10) dialog: Stay there, I'll clean it.
1) 12) dialog: I'll clean it. Irene rushes to grab a cloth.
3) 1) dialog: Take a seat.
3) 3) dialog: At least stay for a cup of tea and a bit of cake.
3) 5) dialog: So far, no. She keeps to herself. She's been asking to go home.
3) 8) dialog: Not yet. I thought it best you do it. By now, Maud is standing in the doorway, having overheard the last bit of this conversation. She tries to hide her nervous concern with a smile.
3) 36) dialog: Maud, come get your tea.
3) 39) dialog: He's a busy man, Maud. Maud fights back tears.
5) 0) text: Maud is still sitting on the edge of her bed, the lights off. She's still waiting, waiting. She watches through th crack in the bottom of her bedroom door as the SHADOW of Aunt Ida's footsteps pass by her room. (CONTINUED)
8) 22) dialog: You better not tell me you were out at that club.
8) 24) dialog: Where were you?
8) 27) dialog: You get in trouble again, I'm tossing you out on your duff. Do you understand me?
8) 29) dialog: That's what you said last time, and look where that got you. In your room. Maud keeps her head down and walks to her room.
9) 1) dialog: Prepare our hearts and minds, O God, to receive your Word. Silence in us any voice but your own, that, hearing, we may obey your will through Jesus Christ our Lord. (CONTINUED)
9) 8) dialog: Speak to us, O Lord, as you open to us the Scriptures and interpret them to us for this day.
9) 11) dialog: Not now, Maud.
9) 13) dialog: I'll do it later.
9) 15) dialog: Fine, fine. (to the women) Sorry about that. Maud walks out the door. 12 13 12.
23) 4) dialog: Never thought I'd see you on this step again. Everett stands there, holding a stick with several fish o it, dangling from their gills. He shifts on his feet, agitated.
25) 0) text: ...And reaches her hand into Aunt Ida's change purse and swipes a nickel. She takes her hand out of the purse in t nick of time, as Ida walks into the room, all in a huff.
48) 0) text: Maud sits on the bench outside the general store, eating can of sardines with her fingers, when Aunt Ida approache the store. When she sees Maud, she stiffens.