11) 6) dialog: (quietly) I'm looking for a woman. (CONTINUED)
11) 12) dialog: A housemaid, a housemaid. Mr. McDougal looks at him, not sure if he understands.
11) 14) dialog: Am I an idiot? I want to put upa sign. A whadayacall. I need you to write it. Everett hands him a square of paper. The store keeper loo at him skeptically for a moment, then takes up a pen. Eve dictates.
11) 15) dialog: "Looking for a housemaid. Must bring their own..." Everett struggles to find the word.
11) 16) dialog: What's the word I'm looking for?
11) 18) dialog: "Cleaning tools". That's good enough. Sign my name onto it. Say my house is over the road in Marshalltown.
11) 20) dialog: What does size got to do with anything? You don't got that big of a store, and you got three or four people works here. I need a hand, I need a hand. Everett takes the note and heads toward the back of the s As he goes, MAUD tip toes along to continue to observe. (CONTINUED)
12) 0) text: Everett wheels a wheelbarrow along a winding, lonely road Dogs are barking loudly in the near distance. This alerts Everett, causing him to speed up. He approaches a TINY HOUSE that sits on the side of the r His yard is littered with junk. His two dogs are tied on outside a woodshed. The dogs are both very agitated, aimi their attentions at the house.
12) 1) dialog: What's going on? Everett creeps over to his house carefully once he sees h door is swinging opened.
12) 2) dialog: I said who's there? The INTRUDER bolts out of the house, and makes a run for
12) 3) dialog: Hey! What did you take! Everett chases him up the road. But he's not fast enough the man heads off through the back woods.
12) 4) dialog: Lord Jesus. Everett debates continuing the chase, but realizes it's useless. (CONTINUED)
12) 8) dialog: What good are you if you don't scare anything away? Useless mutts.
13) 0) text: Everett is taking his money, and stashing little bits in different places - a bill inside a mug, a few coins ina jar. Then he lifts up the cold storage trap door in the floor and hides more money in a tin can, then stuffs it i the cold storage and closes the hatch once more. He grumbles to himself. His 13x13 house is cluttered and messy. Lit by a lantern, and heated with a wood stove. After Everett finishes stashing his money, he climbs the ladder up to his loft.
14) 0) text: Everett pulls off his two socks and lays them side by sid dangling over the bedpost. He climbs under the cover and tucks himself down in his bed. He reaches towards the lan and turns down the flame until the room goes black. He lays there, in the dark, a tiny bit of moonlight illuminating his face as his heavy breathing attempts to settle into a rhythm. He closes his eyes.
15) 0) text: A wide, landscape shot of the fields and landscape surrou Everett's little house, which sits small and alone among huge, overcast sky.
16) 0) text: Everett is alone in a small, dimly lit shack, stoking the fire in the potbelly stove. It's quiet, not a sound excep for the hiss and dull roar of the fire. As he sips on his tea, he picks up a little toy tin badge and tries to fix the broken clip on the back, that has co loose.
18) 0) text: Everett continues to fiddle with the tin badge, when he h the dogs start barking outside.
19) 6) dialog: Dowley.
19) 9) dialog: I’m looking for a woman. Maud giggles.
19) 11) dialog: Don’t know. She follows him.
19) 16) dialog: I dunno about live in. Maud looks around the one room house.
19) 21) dialog: Used to belong to Captain John Ryan. I moved it all the way from the wharf to here. (CONTINUED)
19) 24) dialog: Was given to me by the Orphanage for all the work I does for them.
19) 26) dialog: Guess how many Ox it took to move her here? Maud smiles, glad to be having conversation.
19) 28) dialog: Seven Oxen. Everett stokes the fire, tosses another chunk of wood in top of it. Silence for a moment.
19) 31) dialog: I been doing it all my whole life.
19) 33) dialog: Well, you got that right, Madam.
19) 35) dialog: I sell fish, I sell chopped wood does work for the Orphanage down the road -
19) 38) dialog: I've got a lot on my plate. A lot of valuable things in this house too. With nobody here all day, there's always someone lurking about, trying to rob me.
19) 41) dialog: You’re a bit older than I was picturing. Maud laughs uncomfortably.
19) 46) dialog: Are you sick or something? Can’t bring in a cripple, next thing I'd be lookin’ after YOU.
19) 51) dialog: Where you from?
19) 53) dialog: That bag of wind. Is that where you live? She kickin' you out?
19) 61) dialog: Flick em there. She does.
19) 63) dialog: You finished your tea? Maud looks at her almost empty mug.
20) 0) text: Everett practically shoos Maud out the door.
20) 2) dialog: Who throws rocks at you?
20) 4) dialog: S'pose I can walk you home. I'm doing my rounds anyway. (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: Everett and Maud walk along the road in silence together, the dog running along beside them. Everett pushes his fis trolley. Maud covers her mouth with her sweater. The two make an o pair as they walk along the road. Everett is almost twice the height of Maud. Maud walks ev more awkwardly than usual. She smiles up at Everett.
21) 2) dialog: This is as far as I'll go.
21) 4) dialog: Who?
22) 0) text: Everett is standing by, waiting for Frank to finish split the fish. Arms folded, shifting from one foot to the next
22) 1) dialog: You getting paid by the hour or the fish. (CONTINUED)
22) 5) dialog: I don't care either way, just give it to me. He takes the fish from Frank and puts it in his wheelbarr
23) 0) text: Maud is looking out her window when she sees Everett approaching the house with fish. She picks up a feather duster and hurries towards the door, opens it. (CONTINUED)
23) 5) dialog: I thought you wanted fish.
23) 7) dialog: She said you did. Plus you still owes me a nickel from the last time. Maud hurries off towards the kitchen.
24) 0) text: She comes back, wearing an apron, with a cloth in her han Making sure she is in Everett's full view, Maud starts to vigorously polish the furniture.
24) 2) dialog: Y-y-you do so, you owe me for that split fish.
24) 3) dialog: 
24) 6) dialog: You did NOT pay me. Suddenly Everett notices Maud cleaning in the background. Once she sees him look her way, she scrubs even harder.
24) 8) dialog: The only thing fausty around here is you...plus you got a face like a prune and an arse like a sack a potatoes. Maud stifles a giggle. Ida is shocked. She slams the door on Everett. Maud hurri back into the dining room...
26) 0) text: Maud looks up the road and sees Everett off in the distan pushing his wheelbarrow. She heads towards him. Several children scatter, giggling and screaming, when th see Everett coming. Everett embraces it.
26) 1) dialog: RUN! !!! Pile a monkeys. Oooga booga booga!!!! (CONTINUED)
26) 11) dialog: I'm not in any rush. (CONTINUED)
26) 16) dialog: Piff. Nothing worse than a big house.
26) 18) dialog: Makes people lazy.
27) 0) text: With a bar of soap in his hand, Everett is waiting in lin with a bunch of boys, various ages. Each boy takes a few seconds to slap some water and soap on the face and hands then hurry off. Once they leave, Everett is alone. He pulls off his shirt then slowly starts to lather up his soap and begins to wa himself.
28) 0) text: A long table of boys, all of them eating. And among them, the tall, lanky and freshly cleaned Everett. Everyone is focused on their food. No attempts at interacting with th children, but comfortable just the same. MR. HILL (60) WALKS through the dining hall, nodding and smiling at the boys. He sees Everett and salutes him - a friendly gesture.
29) 0) text: Everett roots through a stack of junk, sorting things he deems useful and putting them in his wheelbarrow. Mr. Hill is clipping the weeds that are growing around th fence.
29) 2) dialog: Might not be worth anything to you. He finds a piece of tar paper, throws it in his wheelbarr
29) 3) dialog: I've got to stock up on everything, because I keep getting robbed.
29) 5) dialog: Who's not robbing me. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
29) 8) dialog: Every time I turn around. No 29. matter where I hide my money, they sniff it out. Everett spits.
29) 10) dialog: I'm not paying someone to hold my money.
29) 12) dialog: Yeah. But there's slim pickins applied for the job.
29) 14) dialog: Maybe I'd be better off with one of those young fellas. They could look out for the house during the day.
29) 16) dialog: I did the work of ten men when I was his age. I cleaned this yard, up all the wood -
30) 0) text: Everett straightens out his hair, as he sputters down the road, shaking his knee nervously.
32) 0) text: Ida watches in horror as Maud makes her way down the side towards Everett.
33) 2) dialog: S'pose I'll give you a try.
33) 6) dialog: Well don't stand there all day.
34) 0) text: Ida watches from the window. She looks up and down the ro in a panic, checking to see who else might be a witness t this. Maud leaves the truck and heads back towards the house. Everett’s truck stays parked outside the fence.
34) 15) dialog: Don’t got all day, woman. Maud turns and continues towards him. Everett gets out of the truck and takes her bags, throws them in the back 39 40 41 42 33.
35) 1) dialog: You're not bawling, are you? She takes a breath, gathering herself.
36) 0) text: Everett walks into his shack, Maud follows behind. He lea Maud standing there by the door with her bag as he stokes the fire. She looks around the place. Everett stands, awkwardly shifting on his feet, after a moment, he turns and leaves the house again. More awkwardness as Maud looks for a place to lay her bag There is no room. Everything is caked in dirt and grime. Finally, Maud sits in a chair, her bag on her lap. She studies several old worn mugs that hang on nails along th wall. Mugs that are chipped and stained, but that had onc been quite pretty. Everett comes back in with a stack of wood in his arm.
36) 5) dialog: I dunno. I guess - He looks around, not sure what to say. Their mutual discomfort thickens the air. Finally...
36) 6) dialog: If I got to stand here and tell you everything, I’1ll just do it myself. He leaves again. Maud looks around the tiny home. ONE roo with a tiny staircase going to a loft upstairs. Nothing but a table, two chairs, an arm chair, a wood sto and some shelves. Some potatoes and a turnip, some carrot sit on the floor next to the stove. A bucket with water i it as well. Maud stands up. Where to begin? Finally, she unzips her little bag, and starts to unpack few of her things. She notices a horizontal wooden beam, and neatly lays her things on it, in a row: her brush, her mirror, a picture her mother, one of FLUFFY, her cat, etc.
37) 0) text: Everett is outside, curious about Maud, as he discreetly peers in through the window. He watches as she hobbles ar collecting the dirty dishes. He can hear the sounds of her humming to herself. He turn up his nose at this cheeriness. As he pulls a trolly, Eve does a sharp whistle to the dogs. They follow him as he heads down the road.
38) 0) text: Maud has a pot of soup on the stove, and she has a portio of the house cleaned. But she has gotten distracted by Everett’s things, unab resist poking around. She sits in a rocking chair as she sifts through his old tin can filled with tattered photog and oddities: A photograph of a young boy, with a woman, looks like his mother. A tiny wooden incomplete chiseled wooden horse. The little tin toy sherrif's badge, we saw him fix. A little toy gun, made out of wood and nails. (CONTINUED)
38) 4) dialog: What is going on here? Maud drops the can of photos.
38) 5) dialog: Get outta my stuff! You think that’s what I brought you here for? Maud gets on her hands and knees, picking up the photos.
38) 6) dialog: Look. You hardly lifted a finger since I left. Rootin’ around in my gear. He sees a pot cooking on the stove.
38) 8) dialog: What you put in that? I might look stupid, but I’m far from it. Look you haven’t even cleaned the table.
38) 10) dialog: You wanting money, and for what? You don't know a click about cleaning. Do you?
38) 12) dialog: I don't want a lazy arse around here. Pack up AND GET. He swipes her little belongings off the shelf and onto th floor. Then he gets up and climbs the ladder to the loft. Maud can’t believe her ears. (CONTINUED)
38) 15) dialog: You shoulda thought about that when you were sitting around twiddling your thumbs.
38) 17) dialog: I’m not gonna look after ya!!! I wants someone who'll do the lookin’ after. Not some crippled up little thing looking to rob me. Now get out. He climbs up to the loft. Maud watches in disbelief, unsu of what to do.
38) 18) dialog: Get OUT!!! Maud fights back the tears as she gathers her things and leaves.
39) 0) text: Maud stands outside of Everett’s house. The wind blows wildly. Maud starts to walk towards the road, but she stops and l back to Everett’s house. She is completely lost as to w to go. Standing in the middle of nowhere, Maud looks as i she's about to cry. But instead... ...She turns her back to the wind and leans against it. I is so powerful that it almost holds her up. She outstretc her arms and lets the wind beat against her. This action starts to soothe her. She finally closes her eyes, a smile spreading across her face.
40) 0) text: Everett stares out his window at Maud as the wind gives h a beating while she stands in the middle of the yard. (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: The next morning, Everett wakes up to sounds coming from downstairs. He climbs down from the loft and sees Maud scrubbing the floor. He stares at her in disbelief. She is sweating buckets, a she uses all her force to ring out what is left of her cl It is killing her hands, but she presses on. Meanwhile, she has made an attempt to set the table. His mug and his plate are neatly placed. Two slices of toast wait for him. Some freshly picked wildflowers are placed a bottle. Everett completely ignores her and climbs down the stairs He gathers his things to head out for work. He grabs the toast, slugs back the tea, and heads out the door, withou saying a word. She smiles. Then starts to clean the smoke stains from th walls. Her crippled hands makes scrubbing very difficult but she withstands the pain to get the job done.
45) 0) text: Everett comes in late at night. Maud sits waiting nervous in the arm chair. Everett says nothing. He sits on a broken chair by the do and removes his boots. He sees the steamy pot of stew on the stove. He looks around, checking the place out, then looks at Maud.
45) 1) dialog: That’s my chair. She gets up.
45) 3) dialog: Where’d you get the chicken.
45) 6) dialog: We'll see if you can follow my rules. Maud watches him eat, half afraid to speak. (CONTINUED)
45) 9) dialog: You clean upstairs?
45) 11) dialog: No room for princesses here. When I was a youngster, sleeping in the orphanage, there’d be seven or eight of us in the bed. Feet up my nose, elbows in my arse. You’re too fancy to pile in up there, you can pack up your little knick-knacks and go on. Maud has no choice.
46) 0) text: Everett and Maud lay on either side of the mattress in th loft bedroom. It is awkward, and silent. Maud tries to keep her eyes closed, but she can’t sleep. She hears heavy sighs comi out of Everett lying next to her. Meanwhile, on Everett's side of the bed, he is forcing th sound of his breathing, feigning sleep, while he lies the completely awake, his wheels turning.
47) 4) dialog: Who said you could talk to them like that?
47) 6) dialog: They been here longer than you, and I tell you, they been a lot more useful.
47) 8) dialog: Shut your gob woman! I’11 tell you how it goes. It’s me. It’s them dogs. Them chickens. Then it’s you. He climbs in the truck and leaves. Maud watches resentful biting her tongue as Everett drives away. She continues t feed the dogs while they jump all over her
50) 0) text: Everett is driving his truck, with a young, pleasant look man, FRANK (30) in the passenger seat.
50) 1) dialog: We're dumping this stuff off, then you go on, don't go lingering around like a horsefly. I got work to do. Frank laughs.
51) 0) text: Frank is helping Everett unload some scrap metal from the back of the truck.
51) 2) dialog: Sell it. Leave it here.
51) 6) dialog: Go in the house, you. He looks back at Frank.
51) 8) dialog: She's working for me. I gotta have someone to mind the house while I'm away, otherwise they'll rob me blind.
51) 19) dialog: That's enough.
51) 21) dialog: I'm gone all day, every day. I'm a busy man. I deserves a clean house when I get home.
51) 26) dialog: Get in the house. A shocked Maud turns and runs inside. INTERCUT with:
52) 0) text: Maud runs into the house, humiliated. OUTSIDE: Everett continues to rant to Frank.
52) 1) dialog: I'm the boss of this house, and if she don't know it, she'll learn it. INSIDE: Maud looks - with all the chairs still outside, M has nowhere to sit, so she flops down on the floor in the corner, leaning into the wall. OUTSIDE: Frank continues to unload the truck
52) 3) dialog: Yeah, well she ain't in her right mind, that's one thing I know. INSIDE: Maud sits there, holding back all her tears. Then she notices the can of GREEN PAINT again. She slides the cover off and dips her finger in the paint. Then she draw a little picture of a TREE on the wall. It comforts her Calms her. Moments later, Everett walks into the house. He sees her the floor. As she wipes her finger off in her apron, she glares at Everett.
52) 4) dialog: I hope you learned your lesson. (CONTINUED)
52) 7) dialog: Sulkin’ in the corner.
57) 0) text: Maud is standing fairly close to Everett as she attempts serve up his supper. He watches her, but she's clumsy and slow. Finally he grabs the serving spoon out of her hand.
57) 1) dialog: Gimme some elbow room woman. Maud backs off. Everett scoops up his own plate of food.
57) 2) dialog: Whole goddamned place is taken over Feel like squirrels moved in. Who told you to put them rat tracks on my walls?
57) 4) dialog: Yes, I told you to paint fairies all over my house. Maud giggles.
57) 8) dialog: Leave that wall behind the stove alone. That's MY wall. Maud sits down at the table with him as he eats. She wait a moment before speaking.
57) 11) dialog: I owes nobody.
57) 13) dialog: Only if you're stupid.
57) 16) dialog: What's that? (CONTINUED)
57) 20) dialog: The Donovan's owes me for two fish. He thinks some more. Can’t think of anyone else. Maud w the name down on the card, and the amount owed.
57) 22) dialog: S’pose I owes Linehan’s, I owes them two fish. Maud writes this on a new card. When she is finished, she turns the card over, revealing simple, scenic painting on each card. Flowers, Trees, bir He looks at the paintings.
57) 23) dialog: What's this?
58) 0) text: Maud and Everett are tucked in their bed. Maud's eyes are closed, while Everett is wide awake. He stares at Maud fo a bit. Then gathers the courage to approach her, albeit a little ungracefully. (CONTINUED)
58) 4) dialog: Foolish. Money racket, that is. Maud giggles.
58) 6) dialog: It all costs money, even the license to do it costs money. Won’t catch me at it. Maud stares at the ceiling.
58) 9) dialog: Why are you yakking about him, I don't care about him.
58) 12) dialog: What trouble? Maud hesitates, then...
59) 0) text: Maud walks with Everett who pushes his wheel barrow. She has a scarf tied around her head, as she walks proudly do the road. She has a hard time keeping up to him, but does her best.
59) 2) dialog: You're gonna have to speed up. Or I'll put you in the wheelbarrow. People stare at the two of them strangely. EXT. SANDRA’S SUMMER HOME - DAY 67 Maud hangs back on the step as Everett knocks on Sandra's door. After a moment, Sandra answers it. She's a complete disas covered in flour, and holding a wooden spoon in her hand.
59) 5) dialog: Here, look. He hands her three fish.
59) 6) dialog: The three fish you wanted. I only owed you for two fish. Now you owes me for one. Sandra looks at him strangely.
59) 7) dialog: We figured it out on the card, look. Now you owes me back for one fish. Maud steps up.
59) 9) dialog: I never told you to speak. Maud puts her head down. Sandra looks at the card, skeptically.
59) 11) dialog: Cuz I said it was. Maud looks up again.
59) 13) dialog: I said shut UP. Maud looks down again. Sandra looks at Everett, annoyed.
59) 17) dialog: I’m the boss, you does what I say. I’m the boss, don’t forget it. Who brings in the money?
59) 19) dialog: That's right. Don't forget it. INT. SANDRA’S SUMMER HOME - DAY 68 As Sandra goes to get her purse, she tosses the card down the table, finally noticing the beautiful little painting the back - A winter wonderland scene. EXT. SANDRA’S SUMMER HOME - DAY 69 Sandra comes out again, with money and the card in hand.
59) 23) dialog: Alright. Throw in an extra five cents.
60) 2) dialog: Get in second gear woman.
62) 0) text: More of Everett's house has been painted - a butterfly on the door, flowers around the windows. Maud is now paintin the stairs on the way up to the loft.
65) 0) text: Everett is collecting money from Mr. McDougal.
65) 1) dialog: Here's a few more to sell. The storekeeper looks at the cards skeptically.
65) 3) dialog: You don't know what you're talking about. How foolish are you. These are good drawings, and that's why people are paying good money for it. You, my son, are an idiot. Everett stomps off, outside the store to join Maud.
66) 0) text: Maud and Everett walk across the wide open field, two col specks among the dull yellow grass. 74 75 76 77
67) 0) text: Maud and Everett are in the house, Everett is poking the wood stove as Maud sits at the table, painting. Everett leans over and sneaks a peak at what she's doing. (CONTINUED)
67) 3) dialog: Like what?
67) 5) dialog: How am I supposed to know if they're good or not. That's women's stuff. But he stops and looks at them. Takes them all in. Then h notices down at the bottom, where her name is signed, it says... Maud LEWIS.
67) 6) dialog: What's that? I know what that says that's my name there. But you're a Dowley. Maud bites her lip.
67) 8) dialog: You gonna get at some of the housework now, or what?
67) 10) dialog: Lord, woman, you can't neglect the chores. (CONTINUED)
67) 13) dialog: Might as well start doing it all myself. He grabs the apron. Maud smiles to herself.
68) 0) text: Maud and Everett are sitting down to a quiet supper when there is a knock on the door.
68) 1) dialog: Whoever it is, tell 'em to vamoose. Maud gets up to open it. It's Sandra.
69) 0) text: Everett looks up from the table, in disbelief. Maud stand nervously between the two of them.
69) 3) dialog: I hear fine. (CONTINUED)
69) 8) dialog: Yes she does. Everett reaches down under the couch, and pulls out the painting of the little girl and the tire swing. Maud look at him, shaking her head "no". But he grins.
69) 9) dialog: Some fine gobs of paint flicked on this board. Right up your alley -
69) 15) dialog: How much? (CONTINUED)
69) 19) dialog: Five dollars.
69) 22) dialog: Already sold. Everett takes the painting and hands it to Sandra. Maud throws Everett a look.
69) 24) dialog: Only joshing you. It's not for sale. Sandra looks back at Maud, realizing she's not getting he to budge.
70) 0) text: Maud looks at the framed scenery outside her window. It's cold, dreary, bleak day. Rain is pelting down hard. EVERE is outside, carting loads of wood out of the shed. Maud watches through the window as Everett heads towards her w the wheel barrow. His face stern. Serious, as he shields himself from the pelting rain. She can hear him muttering curses. Vulnerable, but hard. She smiles to herself. She looks back down at the painting. It is of Everett enjoying his work on a sunny day.
71) 0) text: Maud and Everett are in bed. It is almost completely dark and Maud is nearly asleep. Everett reaches under the blanket and pokes at Maud.
71) 1) dialog: You awake? Maud can barely open her eyes.
71) 4) dialog: Foolish.
71) 6) dialog: Everyone wants wants wants. If I want something, I gotta fork out. (CONTINUED)
71) 8) dialog: Stay on your side of the bed, you won’t catch me over there again. Maud stares at the ceiling, so does Everett.
71) 10) dialog: Never mind your bribing. Leave me alone. He turns his back to her.
71) 13) dialog: Don't. He is suddenly really uncomfortable with the closeness.
71) 14) dialog: Don't think you're worming your way into my life, like this, cuz you're not. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
71) 16) dialog: If you stop doing your job, you are out on your duff in a flash, you understand? And if you think I’m going marrying you so I can do that you're sick in the head. Rather do it to a knot in a tree. Maud glares at him, furiously, then climbs out of bed.
71) 17) dialog: Where you goin’ now? Maud says nothing, but disappears down the ladder After a moment, he hears the sound of the door slam.
73) 0) text: Everett is downstairs, watching Maud through the window. can see that she is talking to the dogs, and she doesn't look too happy. But he stubbornly heads back upstairs.
74) 0) text: Everett comes outside with two cups of tea. He sees Maud, curled up next to the two dogs where she spent the night. She hears the door slam closed and sits up. Everett approaches her, holding out the cup of tea. She won’t take it.
74) 2) dialog: I might. She refuses the tea. After a moment, he tosses the tea ac the ground.
74) 3) dialog: If you don't know what I'm like by now, you're stunned-er than you look (CONTINUED)
74) 7) dialog: Just cuz I don't have women beating down my door, doesn't mean I got to marry up with the first one who'll have me.
74) 10) dialog: You're not a normal woman.
74) 12) dialog: I don't need anybody. Never did.
76) 0) text: Everett is putting on a tattered suit that has been clean and pressed. He stands in the mirror, straightening himse out. Smoothing down his hair.
76) 1) text: Maud stands against the wall, observing as a line of youn boys pass by her. She smiles, tickled by their cute faces Mr. Hill is at the end of the line. Then, Everett comes out, shiny clean.
76) 3) dialog: Let's go. As they walk down the hall, Mr. Hill smiles at Maud.
77) 0) text: EVERETT and MAUD come out of the church having just gotte married. Maud is holding a bouquet of flowers. Frank is there with his wife. Frank smiles at Maud.
77) 3) dialog: Yeah yeah yeah. But Everett shakes his hand. Maud links her arm into Everett’s as they walk down the step. At first he tense up, but then he relaxes. A smile almost appears on his face.
78) 0) text: Maud, still in her modest wedding dress, sits in the wheelbarrow, proud as a princess, as Everett pushes her through an open field filled with yellow daisies. 90 91 92 67.
79) 0) text: The sound of Maud and Everett having sex in the loft.
80) 0) text: Maud looks at him with love as they have sex. It is awkwa but gentle. He rolls over when they are done. EVERETT (CONT’D) Don’t go thinking that everything’s all mushy now. I’m still contrary.
80) 2) dialog: Every time I says something cross you can’t run off to the shed and bitch to the dogs. Maud smiles.
80) 4) dialog: Oh yes. One shriveled up sock, all clingy, the other one long, too thin, full a holes - She laughs.
80) 6) dialog: Yeah, maybe. She gently lays her head on his arm, wanting the intimacy but not wanting to scare him off. She smiles. Happy.
82) 0) text: An older Maud is sitting down at the table, her increasin feeble hands hold a copy of the Star Weekly magazine, whi she reads from. Everett is now washing the dishes, wearin the apron that Maud sometimes wears. A tiny transistor radio plays music in the background.
82) 2) dialog: They said my name? Let me see? She holds out the paper as his eyes study the words, look for a word he recognizes. He spots it and points to it.
82) 3) dialog: That's it there. She smiles proudly as she places the paper down. He wipes his hands dry, and starts to slice and butter a few piece of bread.
82) 5) dialog: Next you'll be wanting us to get electricity or something.
82) 7) dialog: We'll have to buy a television.
82) 12) dialog: Nobody. You know what people are doing with this article? They're lighting their wood-stoves with it. So don't go getting too big for your britches. You're still my employee. Maud laughs.
82) 14) dialog: Well, I'm still the main earner.
82) 16) dialog: As long as you don't start getting fancy.
84) 0) text: Everett walks home from a day's work, looking tired and w out. As he nears his own house, he slows down as he passe by the sign. 70.
85) 0) text: He walks into his driveway, and looks at Maud, who is sta next to Sandra, and several other curious visitors. Maud has many paintings leaning up against the house. A few interested people have pulled off on the side of the road and are now milling about the house, admiring Maud and he work. Everett looks on nervously. When Maud sees him, she smile He smiles back. Awkward, but slightly excited. As Sandra is distracted with talking to potential customers, Everet walks over to Maud.
85) 1) dialog: How much money we get today?
85) 3) dialog: Give it, I'll put it somewhere safe. Maud takes the money out of her apron pocket and hands it Everett. He looks at Sandra, annoyed.
85) 5) dialog: I don't trust her.
85) 7) dialog: Pff! Everett goes back to chopping his wood. Sandra rejoins Maud.
87) 0) text: Everett is still splitting wood when he looks over and se his dog Brownie, lying on her side, looking ill. He goes over to her.
87) 1) dialog: Brownie, get up. What's going on? He whistles sharply. The dog doesn't respond. He bends down toward the dog, suddenly worried.
87) 2) dialog: Brown? No movement. Very laboured breathing from the dog. The other dog, Blackie, stands beside Everett, looking on. Everett looks over to where Maud was. (CONTINUED)
87) 4) dialog: Miss. Miss! But she's not there.
87) 5) dialog: Something's wrong with Brownie! Miss. Everett is becoming extremely upset. He looks back at the dog.
87) 6) dialog: Don't leave me Brown. He heads towards the house.
88) 1) dialog: Maud?
89) 1) dialog: God Damnit. Everett stands still, the world suddenly spinning. He loo around frantically. Then Everett goes back to the dog. The dog is dead. He's unsure of how to deal with his emotions.
89) 2) dialog: Woman! Woman!!! Then he sees Maud walking towards the house in the distan His frantic panic turns to anger as he steadies his breat watching her as she hurries towards him. As she gets closer:
89) 3) dialog: Where the hell where you?
89) 6) dialog: Brown's dead.
89) 8) dialog: But never you mind, go off on your fancy prance around town with the priss bag.
89) 10) dialog: No.
90) 0) text: Everett and Maud sit on the ground next to Brownie's body just the two of them. Everett looks pained, but he sucks on his teeth and pulls himself up off the ground. He scratches Blackie on the ea Everett gets up and gets the shovel. Maud walks over and takes the collar off of the dead dog. She looks back at Everett.
90) 2) dialog: Yeah yeah yeah, she had a good life. Blackie's the poor one now. She reaches out for Everett's arm, but he brushes it off. She gets up, giving him the space.
90) 5) dialog: I didn't need you. (CONTINUED)
92) 31) dialog: Yup. Charles shifts uncomfortably. As he looks back to the paintings:
92) 32) dialog: You gonna buy one or what?
93) 0) text: The house is buzzing with flies. Maud sits at her table, even more stooped and her hands m gnarled. She swats away the flies. Coughs periodically. A nagging, recurring tickle. Everett is peeling carrots.
93) 2) dialog: Where is the money coming from? I'm working fourteen hours a day just to keep you going with your hobby over there in the corner.
93) 4) dialog: You bring in a few pennies but you don't do a lick of work, I got to do everything. Everett puts a pot of water on the stove. He puts the car in the pot. Silence for a moment. Maud senses something i wrong. He pulls potatoes out of a bag, and starts peeling them. Maud looks at him, with his back to her. A quiet unease between them. Maud goes back to painting at her spot in t table. Swatting away the flies. She COUGHS again.
93) 5) dialog: Think you can manage to keep that fire going? I like to have a cup a tea when I get home.
93) 7) dialog: Well open the door.
93) 11) dialog: hut up about the screendoor. n Maud sees a letter on the table, and quickly hides it. Bu he sees this, and goes to grab it.
93) 12) dialog: What was that?
93) 14) dialog: Give it to me. He grabs it, and looks at it. The envelope has the U.S. Presidential seal on it.
93) 15) dialog: Who is it?
93) 18) dialog: What does he want?
93) 20) text: Everett sneers up his lip. Maud catches this, and immedia downplays it.
94) 0) text: Everett walks away, a nervous, insecure man. He starts hi way up the road, then stops. (CONTINUED)
94) 2) dialog: God dammit. He turns back towards the shed and gets his wheelbarrow - he'd forgotten it. Then he heads down the road again.
95) 0) text: The road outside Everett's house is now painted, and a po office box is placed on the side of the road as well. The little house is looking more shabby, with paint fading an peeling a little....
96) 1) dialog: Don't know what's so interesting about pulling potatoes out of the ground. WE realize he's talking to a film crew. They are set up behind him. Everett puts the potatoes ina bucket. He picks up the bucket and walks towards the hous The camera crew scurries to follow him...
97) 0) text: Everett walks around the front of the house, where there a CBC van parked, and several other crew members. Maud is standing up talking to the two filmmakers. As the camera person repositions the camera, Maud looks up at Everett a smiles.
98) 0) text: They are interviewing Maud. Everett sits in the backgroun trying desperately to smile politely and naturally. Maud being interviewed by a young man named STEVEN. (CONTINUED)
99) 0) text: Maud and Everett now side by side, being interviewed outs their house, showing the paintings she has displayed for sale.
99) 3) dialog: It's-it's not you. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
99) 6) dialog: The people who comes around are the- the-the foolish ones. Maud tries to cover up with a chuckle.
99) 7) dialog: One chap come up, wanted to buy the bird on the door, I said lord man you can't buy our door Maud smiles.
99) 9) dialog: The man wanted to fork over his money, I wasn't about to say no.
99) 12) dialog: . Yes. Steve waits for him to say something else.
101) 0) text: Ida is propped up on the couch, looking sickly and exhaus but awake enough to watch Maud and Everett on TV.
103) 0) text: Everett is across the road from his house, getting the ma out of his mail box. A STACK of envelopes. He stands there, ripping open the letters, taking the mon from them and shoving them in his shirt pocket, then ripp the letters up into bits. Then, he hops on his bike and rides away... 1414 112 113 114
104) 0) text: Everett is riding his bike as he pulls up to the store, looking more slouched and self-conscious than ever. A few PEOPLE trickle out of the store, staring at him wit more interest. He keeps his eyes to the ground, ignoring the stares. He mutters to himself. But then Everett notices Ida, who is in a wheelchair, bei helped into a car. She looks deathly ill, but when she se Everett, she props herself up anyway, just to glare at hi
104) 2) dialog: PfTff. He starts to ride off, but she calls out.
105) 0) text: As Everett pulls up to his house, he sees a LINEUP of car outside his home. Crowds of people admire the house, and Maud's paintings. He pushes through the people.
105) 1) dialog: Watch it. Move. Move. He bumbles through them, flustered, and heads into the ho
106) 0) text: Maud is sitting at the table, across from Everett.
106) 2) dialog: Never mind how sick she was. I asked if I came across nasty on the TV. (CONTINUED)
106) 9) dialog: Well why is everyone giving me queer looks. I'm starting to feel like I can't show my face without people talking.
106) 11) dialog: Easy for you to say. Everyone thinks you're sweet and so good at your painting, they don't know what you're like to live with. Maud gets up from the table, ignoring his jibes.
106) 13) dialog: What for?
106) 15) dialog: What if I dies and you're not here? You're always going off here, going off there. Starting to get fed up. Maud is about to walk out the door.
106) 16) dialog: I said no. You can't go. She turns back to Everett.
109) 0) text: Everett is now taking all of Maud's painting supplies and throwing them into an wooden crate. Sardine cans, paint brushes, cans of paint, old boards, all aggressively bein chucked into the box. He knocks over the table, dishes.
111) 0) text: When Maud comes home, she is still in a daze. She hardly notices Everett, who is sitting in her chair, with a scow on his face.
111) 1) dialog: I'm sick of you.
111) 3) dialog: I never asked for this. Go out in the morning, people, come home for lunch, people, back at the end of the day, more people. Didn't like 'em before, don't like em now. I never wanted my face on the TV for the whole world to laugh at.
111) 5) dialog: If I'm not good enough for you, you want to find something better then what I can give you, go. Go find it. But Maud is desperate to talk to him - her husband. She persists.
111) 8) dialog: Give up talking about that God damned baby. The brother, the baby. Christ. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
111) 11) dialog: Nothing but a pain from the minute you stepped into my life. You want to go find your bastard baby, go. You want to whine to your invisible brother, go. Leave me alone.
111) 13) dialog: And you're dead to me. I like my life simple, you brings nothing but misery. I was better without you. He starts to shove her out the door. She braces herself.
111) 15) dialog: Get the hell out of my house, this is my house, I don't want you here. She grabs hold of the sleeve of his checkered jacket.
111) 17) dialog: You are half a woman, not even that. Get out, and don't come back. He picks her up and hoists her out the door, and slams it behind her. Everett leans on the door, as Maudie knocks on it. He is full of pain and sadness, as he closes his eyes and grits his teeth.
117) 0) text: Everett is sitting down to a meal by himself. Lonely in h little house. He stares around the room, seeing Maud’s paintings all over the walls. Very lonely. He gets up and storms out of the house.
119) 0) text: Everett is cutting the weeds around his house, aggitated. Impatient. *
121) 0) text: Everett lies on his side of the bed, staring at Maud’s
122) 0) text: Everett is down on the wharf with Frank, gutting fish. Fr notices Everett seems different.
122) 2) dialog: She left me.
122) 4) dialog: Stop. Stop your wise cracking. Everett slits open another fish, and hauls the guts out, then flicks his hand into the bucket.
122) 5) dialog: If someone had a baby and they give up to another family, around here, how would I go about finding out who it was give up to? Frank processes this for a second. (CONTINUED)
122) 9) dialog: Mr. Hill died fifteen years ago.
122) 11) dialog: You think they'd know?
123) 0) text: There is a knock on the door. Sandra answers it. It’s EVERETT.
123) 1) dialog: Looking for my woman.
123) 3) dialog: Get your things and come on.
123) 9) dialog: You’re coming home!!!
123) 12) dialog: For crying out loud, woman. Maud looks at him, winded and frustrated, but concedes. 136 EXT. SANDRA’S SUMMER HOME - BACK YARD - DAY 136 Maud and Everett both awkwardly sit on the hammock.
123) 13) dialog: You’d never last here. You’d have to walk seven miles to the store.
123) 15) dialog: No cuz at least they knew how to listen. They did what they were told.
123) 17) dialog: Maybe. Bigger pain in the ass too. Silence. (CONTINUED)
123) 20) dialog: (whispering) You’re more than that. He holds her there for a moment. He takes a deep breath. Calming himself. They stare up at the clouds. Maud lights up a cigarette.
123) 23) dialog: Clouds.
123) 25) dialog: I sees a woman. With a big arse. A few teeth missin’. Maud laughs. Despite herself. EVERETT (CONT’D) (CONT'D) Bald on the one side of her head. She laughs harder. EVERETT (CONT’D) (CONT'D) She’s in her old man’s drawers. Maud playfully shoves him as she laughs even harder. (CONTINUED)
123) 29) dialog: I sees you as my wife, miss. Always did. Didn't want you to leave me.
123) 31) dialog: You could find better than me.
124) 0) text: As Everett and Maud drive down the road, he turns onto a road that she doesn't recognize. (CONTINUED)
124) 6) dialog: Her house is there. The white one.
124) 8) dialog: Her. Your girl. Maud looks on, in disbelief. She sees the house where he pointing.
124) 10) dialog: She's a woman now. Maud nervously opens the door
126) 0) text: Everett sits in the truck, his eyes closed. Working even harder to steady his breath.
127) 0) text: Maud slows down as she is in front of the house, she bend down and picks a pebble out of her boot. Maud watches Kay through the fence, now almost being eye eye. The RASPBERRY BUSH is between them. At this exact moment, Kay eyes one of the berries, as Maud eyes the oth Together they both take a raspberry off the bush and EAT savouring the taste. Kay is so preoccupied with the berries, she doesn't even notice Maud. Maud smiles watching her, then’ stands up and continues past the house, without looking back. As she walks toward Everett, she smiles. Sitting in the truck, he beams a smi back at her. 142 143 144 102.
128) 0) text: Everett and Maud lie in bed, only lit by moonlight. He ca sleep. Neither can she.
129) 0) text: The wide, open landscape surrounding Everett's house, as Everett, older, more stooped, carries wood into his house The paint on the house has faded with time...
130) 0) text: Everett walks into the house and dumps the wood by the st as The DOCTOR continues doing a check up on Maud.
130) 6) dialog: She won't be smoking again, I tell you that. (CONTINUED)
132) 1) dialog: You coming to bed, Maudie? Maud tries to go upstairs, but she can’t hoist herself She goes over to Everett's chair and sits down.
133) 0) text: Maud wakes up to Everett hovering over her on the chair.
133) 1) dialog: What’s wrong with you? Maud wakes up for a moment, she is not feeling so good.
133) 3) dialog: I've had enough of this! Falling asleep, up all night coughing, lounging around the house, you don't paint anymore you does nothing. Now smarten up and get lively! She tries to smile.
133) 7) dialog: Don't need dogs, I got you.
134) 0) text: Maud sits in a chair outside as Everett displays her pain there are less than before. Maud is getting to be too tir and ill to paint as much as she used to. But there are st some paintings, and some visitors, admiring them. Maud doesn't really engage in conversation, but then she looks up and sees KAY AND PAUL approaching her house. She watches carefully as Kay weaves through the crowd, admiring Maud’s paintings. After a few moments, Maud hurriedly goes into the house. Then, she comes out, holding the painting of the girl in pink dress. Maud looks around for Kay, unable to find her at first. B then she sees her and approaches her with the painting.
135) 0) text: Maud sits at her table painting, her work only half finis She works quietly. Then without warning, she suddenly BUR into tears. She lets herself cry, and after a moment she flops over on the table, onto her painting. She cries and cries. Then she gets up. The paint from her picture now on the side of her face and her shirt. She looks at her ruined painting, wipes away her tears and starts to fix it. Everett is up in bed, Maud still sits at her table, stari out the window into the black, quiet night. She wipes the paint off of her face and her shirt with an old wet rag. Then Maud hoists herself out of the chair and heads towar the ladder. (CONTINUED)
135) 3) dialog: What's going on down there? Everett pokes his head down to see what has happened, and sees Maud laid out on the floor.
136) 0) text: Frank and Everett CARRY in a little day bed, as Maud sits feebly, at her table.
136) 3) dialog: Watch out. Everett lays his end down, and they squeeze the day bed i the corner.
137) 0) text: Maud now lays back on a DAY BED that has been squeezed in the small home. Her things have been rearranged downstair She paints a painting from her bed. She's slower now. Sti thoughtful, but there is less joy in it. Everett brings h a cup of tea.
137) 2) dialog: The only one applied for the job. Everett gives her a slight smile.
138) 0) text: Everett comes downstairs and stokes the fire. Maud is asleep on the couch, her breathing is sounding increasingly laboured.
138) 1) dialog: Maudie? You alright? (CONTINUED)
138) 4) dialog: Maud. She tries to open her eyes and speak
139) 0) text: Everett has Maud bundled up in a blanket and carries her the truck. He lays her in the passenger seat, then gets i the truck. They speed away down the road.
140) 0) text: They drive down the road, Maud tries to speak but can’t Everett is in a panic.
140) 1) dialog: Shut up Miss. Don’t go tryin’ to speak til the Doctor’s see you.
141) 0) text: As they wheel Maudie away, Everett is frantic. He runs up to the nurse with money in his hand.
141) 1) dialog: Here, look, ten dollars, just make sure she's alright.
141) 3) dialog: Take it take it. Just go look after her.
142) 0) text: Maud is hooked up to tubes in the hospital bed, Everett i by her side. She is more alert now. She reaches out to touch Everett, but he’s too far away. He moves in close
142) 1) dialog: I knew you were getting sicker, every time I'd ask you, you'd lie to me. (CONTINUED)
142) 4) dialog: So much beauty in there, it’s spillin’ out your two peepers. Sometimes I look at them eyes, I think the sun is shining in my face.
142) 6) dialog: It's true. I look at your face and I can't believe I ever thought you weren't perfect. She reaches over with her gnarled up hand, and struggles outstretch her fingers. She wraps them around his hand.
142) 8) dialog: Shut up. You looked after me. You looked after me. He points to his heart, as he fights back tears. EVERETT (CONT’D) (CONT'D) You looked after me Miss. Now gimme five more years. She “shhhh’s” him. She pulls him in closer to her f
143) 0) text: Everett is trying to start his truck. It won’t start. H punches the steering wheel.
143) 1) dialog: God DAMN stupid truck. He gets out of the truck and lifts up the hood. He fiddle around with it, trying to fix it. Swallowing all his emotions. He gets back in the truck, tries again. This time, it starts. He pulls out.
144) 0) text: Everett is home by himself. The brightly painted, jam-pac little house feels empty. Everett sits in Maud’s chair paints a little “Maud-like” painting on a card. He pa dogs. Nowhere near her detail or charm. He stops and stares at her paintings on the wall. The lit chicken. So cheerful. So happy. He reaches out and touche the bird. Then turns back to the painting. He scrapes the paintbrush on an old sardine tin, thick with Maud’s pai Then he signs the card "Everett Lewis". He stares at it long and hard, his eyes filling with tears. Having a seco thought, he PAINTS over the name. He looks out the window. No cars. No visitors. Nothing. He looks back to the painting, and once again paints her name on the board. Then he THROWS the paintbrush across t room.
145) 0) text: Everett sits outside his house, with paintings propped up against the house, to sell. His poor knock-offs, which la Maud's care or detail. He stares off into space as a coup of stragglers walk around looking at the art work, the fa paintings on the walls. (CONTINUED)
146) 0) text: Everett walks into the house. Everywhere he looks, everyw he rests his eyes, there is the hand of Maud. He sits down on the day bed. He kicks off his boots and pulls off a sock. He stares at his feet, one sock on, one sock off. He runs his hand along the empty space of Maud' bed, before clutching her pillow. Then, he looks out the window, and looks up at the clouds Suddenly, he's able to see the clouds take shape: a cheer puppy dog, surrounded by white puffy flowers. As we fade out... Everett Lewis died in 1979, nine years after Maud, in the little 13x13 home. This little house can be found at a permanent exhibit at Nova Scotia Art Gallery in Halifax, Nova Scotia...