125) 0) text: As Maud walks up the street, she sees KAY (late 20's), a slight, attractive young woman, out doing gardening, wear a bright pink sun hat. A young man comes out.
125) 2) dialog: A little. I think I'll make something with the raspberries for dessert. (CONTINUED)
125) 6) dialog: Okay, I'll be in shortly. Maud observes them, without looking up. But she studies t young woman out of the corner of her eye.
127) 0) text: Maud slows down as she is in front of the house, she bend down and picks a pebble out of her boot. Maud watches Kay through the fence, now almost being eye eye. The RASPBERRY BUSH is between them. At this exact moment, Kay eyes one of the berries, as Maud eyes the oth Together they both take a raspberry off the bush and EAT savouring the taste. Kay is so preoccupied with the berries, she doesn't even notice Maud. Maud smiles watching her, thenвЂ™ stands up and continues past the house, without looking back. As she walks toward Everett, she smiles. Sitting in the truck, he beams a smi back at her. 142 143 144 102.
134) 0) text: Maud sits in a chair outside as Everett displays her pain there are less than before. Maud is getting to be too tir and ill to paint as much as she used to. But there are st some paintings, and some visitors, admiring them. Maud doesn't really engage in conversation, but then she looks up and sees KAY AND PAUL approaching her house. She watches carefully as Kay weaves through the crowd, admiring MaudвЂ™s paintings. After a few moments, Maud hurriedly goes into the house. Then, she comes out, holding the painting of the girl in pink dress. Maud looks around for Kay, unable to find her at first. B then she sees her and approaches her with the painting.
134) 2) dialog: Oh, hello. Your paintings are so cheerful and optimistic. Kay smiles at the work.
134) 3) dialog: I like that you ignore the shadows. Maud smiles, unable to think of what to say. Finally she holds out the painting.
134) 6) dialog: I need this painting. I love it. Maud smiles.
134) 8) dialog: How much do I owe you? Maud shakes her head.
134) 10) dialog: No no, you canвЂ™t give it away. How much? Maud sees Everett walking towards her. She speaks quietly