0) 0) text: MAUD DOWLEY, (32) an odd, impish little creature, with hu saucers for eyes, is lying on the tall, overgrown grass staring up at the sky, smoking a cigarette. Her fingers a gnarled, her knuckles swollen with arthritis. A shadow repeatedly moves across her face and leaves it. The shadow is from an old swing made of rope and wood, dangling from the branch of a tree. The swing is swaying back and forth. As it slows down, Maud reaches up and giv it another push. She keeps staring at the sky, blowing he smoke towards the sky and watching as it blends into the clouds above. She stares at the clouds curiously, suddenl finding shapes and objects: A bunny rabbit. A steam engin Kittens. AUNT IDA (55), a sturdy, robust woman comes out, carrying mop and bucket. She is wearing an apron and a scarf aroun her head. Her sleeves are rolled up passed her elbows. She's heavily into her spring cleaning. Beads of sweat ru down her forehead. Maud picks herself up from the ground and takes a seat on the swing. Her feet dangling, unable to reach the ground. Ida hurries past Maud, a woman on a mission. The clothesline is filled with sheets, billowing about in the wind. The fence is lined with hooked rugs, out for freshening. Aunt Ida chucks the water from the bucket off to the side of the house. She takes the mop and starts to whack the rugs. Little clouds of dust appear with each wh
0) 2) dialog: I got it. But then Maud gets tangled in a sheet still on the line, stumbles. She drops a sheet.
0) 4) text: Ida takes the sheets from her and heads into the house. Maud sits back down on the swing - discouraged. But then, she leans back, stares up at the clouds, as the move swiftly across the sky. The rabbits in the clouds ar almost bunny-hopping their way across the sky. Maud gets up and walks towards the house. As she stands o the veranda, she looks out on the landscape in wonder Then she lights up another cigarette....
1) 0) text: Maud sits at the table, while Ida brings her tea and bisc into the austere dining room.
1) 2) dialog: That'd be nice. As Ida leaves the dining room:
1) 3) dialog: But I can get it myself Aunt Ida. Moments later, she places the jam down in front of her. A Ida fusses around the dining room:
1) 5) dialog: Why? Is he taking me back home?
1) 7) dialog: If Charles and his wife are moving to Halifax, the house'll be empty. I can live there and take care of it. Irene says nothing. Maud takes a sip of her hot tea and i slips from her hand, spilling everywhere. (CONTINUED)
1) 9) dialog: Ow.
1) 11) dialog: I can do it.
2) 0) text: Maud is standing in the mirror, fixing her hair, a little smile on her face.
2) 1) dialog: I'll be down in a minute, okay? Her suitcase is on the bed, with her belongings packed ne inside. She struggles to put the last bobby pin in her ha then grabs her belongings, and hurries out of the room.
3) 0) text: CHARLES DOWLEY (37), Maud's handsome brother, is leaning against the door frame as Ida brings in his tea.
3) 10) dialog: Hi Charles. Nice to see you. Sizing him up:
3) 11) dialog: Oh my, that's a good jacket you're wearing, it's a good fit. You're always such a spiffy dresser. She smiles at him.
3) 12) dialog: I can't tell the difference between a rag and a ball gown. She chuckles, nervously. Then:
3) 13) dialog: So? You've come to take me home? He shifts on his feet, and says nothing.
3) 14) dialog: What's the big secret?
3) 16) dialog: Well, I'm a natural at math. Remember, I used to double check your numbers when you were in school?
3) 19) dialog: Lordy. You cleared out my room. Why?
3) 21) dialog: What house. Our house?
3) 23) dialog: You can't sell that house. I woulda moved back there. I'd be more than happy to have my own place, I'd look after it --
3) 25) dialog: I'd get a job, or something.
3) 27) dialog: I don't know, something.
3) 29) dialog: Did you spend all the money they left behind? Because I haven't seen any of that either.
3) 33) dialog: We both know mother would have expected you to look after me.
3) 35) dialog: Wait. Charles.
3) 37) dialog: Charles! He turns to her.
3) 40) dialog: Yeah. I know. Maud takes the package and goes back into her room.
4) 0) text: Maud is sitting on the swing, looking through the content of the package of her things: photos, trinkets. A photogr of her as a little girl with her cat Fluffy. Some old pai brushes and paints. Melancholy.
5) 0) text: Maud is still sitting on the edge of her bed, the lights off. She's still waiting, waiting. She watches through th crack in the bottom of her bedroom door as the SHADOW of Aunt Ida's footsteps pass by her room. (CONTINUED)
6) 0) text: Music pours out of the jazz club as Maud approaches, tryi to contain her excitment. She smiles at a couple who gigg their way out of the club, arms around each other. Maud gathers her nerve and heads inside.
7) 0) text: Inside a jazz club, filled with people, the flame on a cigarette illuminates a dark corner... It is Maud, puffing on a cigarette, hiding from the crowd her eyes scouring the room. She has become an expert at being inconspicuous. She smokes with one hand, and with t other she fiddles with her sweater, pulling it up over he chin as she sways to the music. She spots a couple dancing. Studies them for a bit. She looks to another couple sitting at a table, talking intimately. She scours the room. Her eyes land on a group of women. She studies them with quiet admiration as they laugh. She takes note of one woman, DINA SHEA who is obviously pregnant. As she makes her way toward them, she bumps into a_ short, stubby, and bald MAN. Maud sees him, and her face lights up.
7) 1) dialog: Not sure who was gonna knock over who. (quickly searching for what to say next) Mmmmm. You smell like turkey supper. In a good way. (giggles. ) He tries to make his way around her, but she stops him.
7) 2) dialog: I love this music. Gets my feet going like a couple a hammers. He shoves her aside, annoyed.
8) 0) text: With the band now on break, Maud maneuvers her way throug the dark club. She is smaller than everyone else in the room, and mostly goes unnoticed. She's feeling discourage (CONTINUED)
8) 2) dialog: Bet you're seven months. Maud smiles at the woman. She's very attractive, even tho she's tired. She's smoking a cigarette.
8) 3) dialog: Have you started nesting? Getting your house all fixed up nice and cozy?
8) 5) dialog: If you're looking to hire a sitter, I'm looking for work. Dina smiles politely.
8) 7) dialog: No harm in asking. Awkward silence for a beat.
8) 8) dialog: Not often you sees a lady in your condition out at night.
8) 10) dialog: You love it when it kicks? Fluttering like a fish in a bowl. Maud stares at the woman's belly. (CONTINUED)
8) 12) dialog: The heartburn, that's no fun. And the trips to the bathroom. Maud laughs to herself - as if remembering. The woman isn sure how to take Maud.
8) 13) dialog: Oh my, worth it though. Since Maud isn't going away, the woman finally engages.
8) 15) dialog: Oh, I don't have a baby. The woman is surprised.
8) 16) dialog: Died at birth.
8) 18) dialog: I didn't see her, but they told me she was really deformed. Sad. Then she looks at Dina, who is mid-puff of a cigarette, somewhat disinterested. Maud can't resist:
8) 19) dialog: Always worried it was cuz I smoked. Dina stops inhaling.
8) 20) dialog: Prob'ly wasn't. Still, you never know. Dina hands her cigarette to Maud. Maud takes it, takes a big inhale. She smiles at the woman.
8) 21) dialog: (referring to the cigarette) Thanks. 10 11 10. INT. AUNT IDA’S HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALL - NIGHT 10 Maud sneaks her way back to her room, tip toeing up the stairs, carefully trying not to make noise. All the light are off in the house. But as she arrives at the top -- Aunt Ida is standing there. A stern look on her face.
8) 23) dialog: I wasn't going to tell you that.
8) 25) dialog: I was at the club. But I wasn't gonna tell you. She smiles. Ida is pissed.
8) 26) dialog: I'm sorry, I couldn't sleep.
8) 28) dialog: I'm only looking to meet friends.
9) 0) text: Maud is standing in the doorway as Ida and the Presbyteri Women's Group gather for morning prayer
9) 7) dialog: Pssst. Psssst. Aunt Ida notices her, but it's her turn to pray. She glar at Maud while she says her next bit.
9) 10) dialog: I wanted to get your tea ready for after your prayer but you're out of tea bags. And you need flour
9) 12) dialog: Do you want me to run to the store?
9) 14) dialog: Let me do it, I'll take the wagon.
10) 0) text: Maud walks up the street, pulling a little wooden wagon. She is somewhat hunched and walks with a little limp, so moves slowly. As she passes by one house, she admires a family playing with their LITTLE GIRL in a pink dress. She smiles to her as the little girl squeals over something. She continues on, and gets many strange looks from people the street, but she does her best to ignore them.
11) 0) text: Maud walks into the general store, her wagon left outside She immediately heads towards the aisles. Her eyes pour over the shelves. MR. MCDOUGAL, the storekeeper, nods at her.
11) 2) dialog: I need a sack of flour.
11) 4) dialog: I know. I like to look at the cans. All the different colours. It's pretty. She smiles at him - he gives an awkward smile back, not knowing how to take her. As Maud walks through the aisles, the bell on the door ri as someone else enters the store. Maud continues to study the shelves.
17) 0) text: Maud is now dressed in her Sunday best, wearing a dainty pair of shoes, as she makes her way up the road. To one side, a large, old Poor House, DIGBY COUNTY ORPHAN set back from the road. (CONTINUED)
17) 6) dialog: Hello big boys. (whistles) Hello there. She smiles at them, and keeps going. Finally, she comes upon Everett's lone, small, gloomy hou The yard is filled with junk, wood piles, and an old Mode Ford in the driveway. She stops, and looks around, a little bewildered. Then sh sees the wheelbarrow parked outside the house. She gather her courage and heads towards the door. The dogs see her approaching.
18) 1) dialog: Hello little pups. Hello little pups. Everett is startled by the sound of a voice. He stands frozen.
19) 0) text: Maud looks down at the dogs, smiling.
19) 1) dialog: Whatcha got on your feet? Woolens? Are you wearing a pair of woolens? Down. Down. Ouch. The dogs are barking more aggressively. Everett sneaks ov to the window, tries to steal a look He can't quite make her out.
19) 2) dialog: Think I'm the enemy, do ya? Dying to chew on my limbs, aren't you? Want my jacket? Take it, creature, you can have it. Good boy. (CONTINUED)
19) 5) dialog: I'm Maud. Dowley. Her nose is running from the cold.
19) 7) dialog: That's right. She sniffs again. He just stares at her. She continues.
19) 8) dialog: I was, I got the ad at the store the one you posted, looking for a house maid, I’m answering it. He looks at her distastefully.
19) 10) dialog: What do you think I am? Everett sizes up the tiny, odd looking, misshapen woman a he walks past her, and heads towards his shed.
19) 12) dialog: I walked here from Digby. My feet are knobbed off. He gathers an armload of wood. She huddles her arms close to her body for warmth. (CONTINUED)
19) 14) dialog: Wouldn’t mind a cup a tea, you can tell me what your lookin’ for He looks at her skeptically, then jerks his head for her come in. She follows him into the house. INT. EVERETT'S HOUSE — CONTINUOUS 22 He tries to watch her out of the corner of his eye, as sh takes the place in, a grin on her face. Suddenly, Everett is more aware of his rundown, filthy little house. The ai is thick with heat and smoke from the stove. Every surfac is filled with clutter and dust.
19) 15) dialog: So...you’re looking for a cleaner. A live in?
19) 17) dialog: Gonna say. You’re lookin’ for a small woman. Maud gives him a big smile as she refers to herself.
19) 18) dialog: Mom always joked that I was a size “tiny”. Maud chuckles. Everett doesn’t.
19) 19) dialog: I was hoping you were looking for a live in just the same. Everett is surprised at her boldness. Maud walks towards chair. She sits, a polite smile on her face. She looks around some more, “admiringly”.
19) 20) dialog: So this is all yours? This house? Everett can't help but boast.
19) 23) dialog: Lordy. You own this land too?
19) 25) dialog: You must do some good work.
19) 27) dialog: Two?
19) 29) dialog: Be nice for you. Have someone give you a hand around here. He says nothing.
19) 30) dialog: Yeah, be hard to do it all.
19) 32) dialog: Every business man needs staff.
19) 34) dialog: What sort of stuff do you do?
19) 36) dialog: Lordy. How do you keep it straight? (CONTINUED)
19) 39) dialog: Well, I’m good at scaring off people. She chuckles. He doesn't. She looks around once more.
19) 40) dialog: I'd like the job. Everett hesitates.
19) 42) dialog: They says I get on like I’m twelve, SO... She pulls the sweater up over her chin, an obvious nervou tick. Everett gets an old dirty mug, pours a bit of water in it, swishes it around and gives the water a flick. It sprays across Maud. She giggles again.
19) 43) dialog: Oh, there you go. No need for a wash tomorrow. She giggles again. He doesn't.
19) 44) dialog: Just joshin'. Everett sticks a teabag in the mug and takes it over to t stove. He splashes some boiling water from the kettle int the cup and brings it over to Maud.
19) 45) dialog: Oh thank you.
19) 50) dialog: Nah, I was just born funny. I can do the work of five women.
19) 52) dialog: Born in Ohio, Yarmouth County, but I lives with my Aunt over in Digby. Aunt Ida. Ida Dowley on Point Road? Everett gets a look of recognition in his eye.
19) 54) dialog: Lordy, no. She'd never do that, she's too Christian. She's good as gold, but a woman needs to have her own life, right? Her own purpose, her own home - not that this'd be my home either, it's yours - She sips her tea. The dogs are now curled up at her feet. She continues to nervously ramble:
19) 55) dialog: Never had dogs growing up, don’t know why, Momma always loved em. I did too, but they made my brother sneeze. I had cats. Weren’t allowed in the house, but oh my I love cats. Everett stares blankly at Maud, making her more nervous, which makes her talk more.
19) 56) dialog: We had one, Tom. Big ole cat. Some fat. Used to sit on the ledge of my window. She sips her tea.
19) 57) dialog: He went missing. Sad. Likes dogs though. (CONTINUED)
19) 60) dialog: You got an ashtray? Everett points to the floor
19) 62) dialog: Many people apply for the job?
19) 64) dialog: Might as well say. She swallows the last of it.
19) 65) dialog: Well, you do need the help, I can see that.
20) 0) text: Everett practically shoos Maud out the door.
20) 1) dialog: Long walk home alone. Kids'll throw rocks at me again. Buggers.
20) 3) dialog: People don't like a different sort of person. I don't care. Be easier if I wasn't alone, but... She looks up at him, hopefully. Everett doesn't know what he is supposed to do.
20) 8) dialog: That'd be nice.
21) 0) text: Everett and Maud walk along the road in silence together, the dog running along beside them. Everett pushes his fis trolley. Maud covers her mouth with her sweater. The two make an o pair as they walk along the road. Everett is almost twice the height of Maud. Maud walks ev more awkwardly than usual. She smiles up at Everett.
21) 1) dialog: It's a lot of work to break in a new shoe. My heels are galled off. She giggles.
21) 3) dialog: Oh. Okay. (thinking fast) Oh, could you come by our house tomorrow? She needs a good piece of fish.
21) 5) dialog: Aunt Ida. She told me to tell you she wanted to buy fish. Maud smiles. He heads back towards his house.
21) 6) dialog: See you tomorrow. She heads back towards her house, filled with new hope.
23) 0) text: Maud is looking out her window when she sees Everett approaching the house with fish. She picks up a feather duster and hurries towards the door, opens it. (CONTINUED)
23) 2) dialog: Oh, hello. You caught me in the middle of my chores. I'm sweating buckets. He holds out the fish.
23) 3) dialog: Aunt Ida. There's someone here to see you. Aunt Ida rounds the corner and shows up at the door. When she sees Everett she bristles.
24) 0) text: She comes back, wearing an apron, with a cloth in her han Making sure she is in Everett's full view, Maud starts to vigorously polish the furniture.
26) 0) text: Maud looks up the road and sees Everett off in the distan pushing his wheelbarrow. She heads towards him. Several children scatter, giggling and screaming, when th see Everett coming. Everett embraces it.
26) 4) dialog: Wait. Hold on. He doesn't.
26) 5) dialog: She got a mind like a sieve. She musta forgot. Wait. Hold up. He keeps going.
26) 6) dialog: I have something for you. This intrigues him. Without looking at her, he stops to wait until she catches up. She arrives by his side, winde
26) 7) dialog: Here... A nickel. (catching her breath) Sorry about...Aunt Ida....she don't know it but...she's a bit...odd. He looks down at her big brown eyes. Her strange little face, beaming up at him. She smiles.
26) 8) dialog: Some job to keep up to your legs. She holds her hand out further
26) 9) dialog: Here. Take it. She motions for him to take the nickel. He finally reache out and she drops the coin in his hand. He puts it in his pocket and says nothing. He keeps going.
26) 10) dialog: When are you gonna make a decision?
26) 13) dialog: I understand. So I should let you know, I do have another job offer. This catches his attention.
26) 14) dialog: Yeah. Cleaning a house over the road. Starting in a couple of days. She smiles. He looks displeased. He shifts doesn't.
26) 15) dialog: But this house is big, really big.
26) 17) dialog: I feel the same way. It's not cozy. Some people got too much money, you ask me.
26) 19) dialog: I likes a good hard worker myself. But oh well. That's it. I needa job now, so I'm going to have to take it. on his feet, wanting to say something. But he So she continues.
26) 20) dialog: So, yeah. Starts in two days. She laughs nervously.
26) 21) dialog: Who am I to complain? I loves a bit of work, so I should just be grateful. But you'll find someone else, I bet loads of women applied. She smiles at him.
26) 22) dialog: Whoever you end up hiring, she's a lucky woman. Nice meeting you. (CONTINUED)
31) 0) text: Maud is helping Ida shaking out the sheets that cover the rarely used living room. I
31) 2) dialog: Lordy. Takes muscle, don't it?
32) 0) text: Ida watches in horror as Maud makes her way down the side towards Everett.
33) 0) text: Maud walks up to the truck, acting calm.
33) 1) dialog: Nice day out. Everett doesn't bite with the small talk. He blurts it ou
33) 3) dialog: That'd be nice. (CONTINUED)
34) 0) text: Ida watches from the window. She looks up and down the ro in a panic, checking to see who else might be a witness t this. Maud leaves the truck and heads back towards the house. Everett’s truck stays parked outside the fence.
34) 3) dialog: I’m gonna be his housemaid. Ida nearly chokes.
34) 4) dialog: I’m a grown woman. I need to go off and have my own place.
34) 6) dialog: I know you think that. Maud starts to pack her things in a bag, when Ida, ina desperate move, KNOCKS her belongings out of her hand. A hand mirror, a hair brush. She and Maud stare at each oth for a moment. Then Maud softens.
34) 7) dialog: You been nice to take me in. Maud picks up her things and leaves the bedroom. 39 40 INT. AUNT IDA’S HOUSE - HALLWAY -- DAY As Maud walks through the house:
34) 8) dialog: I'll make sure to tell everyone that you're a good Christian. I’ve been nothing but a scourge to you.
34) 11) dialog: Ma wanted me to have what everyone else had.
34) 13) dialog: I'm sorry.
35) 0) text: Maud stares out the window as they drive down the road in silence. He watches her out of the corner of his eye.
35) 2) dialog: Trying to figure out how to ask you about pay. He wasn't expecting this.
35) 3) dialog: I'm assuming I'm working for room and board, but I was thinking an extra twenty five cents a week spending money as well. He snarls at this.
35) 4) dialog: To make it feel official. His silence is a begrudging "yes". She smiles.
36) 0) text: Everett walks into his shack, Maud follows behind. He lea Maud standing there by the door with her bag as he stokes the fire. She looks around the place. Everett stands, awkwardly shifting on his feet, after a moment, he turns and leaves the house again. More awkwardness as Maud looks for a place to lay her bag There is no room. Everything is caked in dirt and grime. Finally, Maud sits in a chair, her bag on her lap. She studies several old worn mugs that hang on nails along th wall. Mugs that are chipped and stained, but that had onc been quite pretty. Everett comes back in with a stack of wood in his arm.
36) 1) dialog: There you are, thought you left me. She giggles. He drops the pile of wood by the fire, and a chunk of wood lands on Maud’s foot. (CONTINUED)
36) 4) dialog: So...what do you want me to do first?
37) 0) text: Everett is outside, curious about Maud, as he discreetly peers in through the window. He watches as she hobbles ar collecting the dirty dishes. He can hear the sounds of her humming to herself. He turn up his nose at this cheeriness. As he pulls a trolly, Eve does a sharp whistle to the dogs. They follow him as he heads down the road.
38) 0) text: Maud has a pot of soup on the stove, and she has a portio of the house cleaned. But she has gotten distracted by Everett’s things, unab resist poking around. She sits in a rocking chair as she sifts through his old tin can filled with tattered photog and oddities: A photograph of a young boy, with a woman, looks like his mother. A tiny wooden incomplete chiseled wooden horse. The little tin toy sherrif's badge, we saw him fix. A little toy gun, made out of wood and nails. (CONTINUED)
38) 7) dialog: I was taking a break. I made soup. He dips the ladle in, tastes the soup. He sneers and thro the ladle down aggressively. Maud jumps with fright.
38) 9) dialog: I was getting to that... Everett looks at her, it suddenly dawning on him.
38) 11) dialog: I just need to get the hang of it.
38) 14) dialog: Where am I s’posed to go?
38) 16) dialog: I needed a day to find my feet, you never told me where anything was what you wanted me to do with your stuff, I’m just gettin' a lay of the land.
39) 0) text: Maud stands outside of Everett’s house. The wind blows wildly. Maud starts to walk towards the road, but she stops and l back to Everett’s house. She is completely lost as to w to go. Standing in the middle of nowhere, Maud looks as i she's about to cry. But instead... ...She turns her back to the wind and leans against it. I is so powerful that it almost holds her up. She outstretc her arms and lets the wind beat against her. This action starts to soothe her. She finally closes her eyes, a smile spreading across her face.
40) 0) text: Everett stares out his window at Maud as the wind gives h a beating while she stands in the middle of the yard. (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: The next morning, Everett wakes up to sounds coming from downstairs. He climbs down from the loft and sees Maud scrubbing the floor. He stares at her in disbelief. She is sweating buckets, a she uses all her force to ring out what is left of her cl It is killing her hands, but she presses on. Meanwhile, she has made an attempt to set the table. His mug and his plate are neatly placed. Two slices of toast wait for him. Some freshly picked wildflowers are placed a bottle. Everett completely ignores her and climbs down the stairs He gathers his things to head out for work. He grabs the toast, slugs back the tea, and heads out the door, withou saying a word. She smiles. Then starts to clean the smoke stains from th walls. Her crippled hands makes scrubbing very difficult but she withstands the pain to get the job done.
42) 0) text: Maud digs a chicken out of the coop, but it breaks free. She chases it around the yard. She finally catches it.
42) 1) dialog: Don’t blame you my son. I’d run too. She takes it over to the wood stump, it fights to break f but she holds on tightly.
42) 2) dialog: God bless you, poor soul. Maud sends the ax down on the chicken’s neck. Feathers blood fly about as Maud winces.
43) 0) text: Maud has a stew cooking on the stove as she continues to clean, despite the pain it is causing her As she removes things off the shelf, she notices the once blue shelf is thick with dust. She looks at it thoughtful for a moment before she closes her eyes and BLOWS on it. Some of the dust blows away, but revealing more dust and grime. The blue is still buried. (CONTINUED)
44) 0) text: Maud has just finished the last touches of paint on the s It is now a bright green. She smiles, pleased with hersel
45) 0) text: Everett comes in late at night. Maud sits waiting nervous in the arm chair. Everett says nothing. He sits on a broken chair by the do and removes his boots. He sees the steamy pot of stew on the stove. He looks around, checking the place out, then looks at Maud.
45) 2) dialog: Let me get you a bowl a’ stew. She goes over to the stove and scoops up a hefty serving then places it at the table. Everett sits down and eats. He eyeballs her little things on the shelf, bothered by the presence of her belongings. Maud goes over to Everett’s boots and neatly places the side by side. She watches out of the corner of her eye as he eats.
45) 4) dialog: Killed it. The scrawny one. Everett is surprised, and silently impressed.
45) 5) dialog: So...am I able to stay then?
45) 8) dialog: Where am I to sleep?
45) 10) dialog: Only one bed up there. I’m wondering where I should settle in. Everett gets up, scoops himself up another bowl of stew.
45) 12) dialog: I’m only the size of a flea. S’pose I can fit somewhere.
46) 0) text: Everett and Maud lay on either side of the mattress in th loft bedroom. It is awkward, and silent. Maud tries to keep her eyes closed, but she can’t sleep. She hears heavy sighs comi out of Everett lying next to her. Meanwhile, on Everett's side of the bed, he is forcing th sound of his breathing, feigning sleep, while he lies the completely awake, his wheels turning.
47) 0) text: Maud is trying to feed the dogs as they jump up on her (CONTINUED)
47) 2) dialog: Off. Get. Brown. She shoves them off of her.
47) 3) dialog: Go on, Blackie. Out of my way. Everett is loading up wood in his truck. He looks at her suddenly resenting her presence.
47) 5) dialog: They were gettin’ mud on me.
47) 7) dialog: I’m only tryin’ to feed them.
48) 0) text: Maud sits on the bench outside the general store, eating can of sardines with her fingers, when Aunt Ida approache the store. When she sees Maud, she stiffens.
48) 1) dialog: Hi there. I'm taking a break from work.
48) 5) dialog: (laughing) Everett with a love slave. Ida keeps walking into the store.
48) 6) dialog: Would it make it more proper if I married him? Then maybe they won't talk so much. Ida ignores this.
48) 7) dialog: Would you like to visit me sometime? At my new house? Ida balks.
49) 0) text: Maud sits at her spot at the table, painting a picture. A little girl in a PINK DRESS at the centre.
51) 4) dialog: Nice day. Frank takes Maud in, then smiles at her.
51) 14) dialog: He wouldn't cheat you, he's a good man.
51) 16) dialog: Oh hi. I’m Maud.
51) 18) dialog: I'm living here. Everett bristles.
51) 23) dialog: Oh, I'd fit anywhere, I’m sure. More room in there then you'd think. She smiles. Looks to Everett. (CONTINUED)
51) 25) dialog: We find it cozy in there, don't we? Then out of nowhere, he raises his hand to Maud, and SLAP Maud in the face. Maud is taken aback. So is Frank. Even Everett is a little stunned by his actions. But he stiffe refusing to apologize.
52) 0) text: Maud runs into the house, humiliated. OUTSIDE: Everett continues to rant to Frank.
52) 6) dialog: I’m learning something, for sure.
52) 8) dialog: Do you want me here or don’t you? Everett says nothing.
52) 9) dialog: Cuz I’1l go, I’1l1 walk out right now. Do you want me here or not? He refuses to answer.
52) 10) dialog: If you’re just gonna kick me out one of these days anyway, say it and I’1l get. He stares at her angrily, but doesn't speak.
52) 11) dialog: And If you're gonna keep on being that kind of boss... I'd like my pay please. He sneers at her, but she stands defiantly, her crooked h held out.
52) 12) dialog: You haven't paid me yet, not once. After a moment, he reaches into his pocket and pulls out couple of quarters. He flicks them on the table and leave After the door shuts, Maud gets up off the floor She exhales, relieved, then takes a seat - in EVERETT’S
53) 0) text: Maud is in the midst of cleaning when there is an aggress knock on the door. She looks up, startled.
55) 0) text: Maud gently crawls over towards the door, and peaks throu the crack between the door and the floor.
56) 2) dialog: They're some snazzy shoes. Sandra stops inhaling the cigarette. Is she hearing thing
56) 6) dialog: I said you're wearing snazzy shoes. They comfy? Sandra looks at Maud in disbelief. Who is this creature?
56) 8) dialog: Gonna ask you the same thing. You're so mad, I figured you had to be married to him.
56) 10) dialog: Who?
56) 12) dialog: "Fish peddler". I usually calls him the old crab. (then serious) But not to his face. Maud, realizing the woman has business on her mind.
56) 13) dialog: Everett's out on the rounds.
56) 15) dialog: He's doing so much, sometimes he forgets.
56) 17) text: 63 Maud smiles. 63
56) 18) dialog: From New York the city. That must be different.
56) 20) dialog: You sure he never dropped the fish off? Maybe your dog ran off with it -
56) 22) dialog: - Or your cat. Cats love a fish. Sandra gets firm with Maud.
56) 24) dialog: I'll tell him you came by. But Sandra is distracted when she sees the paintings on t walls. She studies them: A happy looking Chicken, and several bright flowers.
56) 25) dialog: I'll tell Everett to square up with you when he gets home. Sandra looks at Maud with a new interest.
56) 27) dialog: Oh, yes. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
56) 29) dialog: (looking at the chicken) That's Ches. He was a chicken out in the yard. I killed him. For supper. I wanted to remember his happier days. Sandra smiles, charmed.
56) 31) dialog: I'm Maud. Sandra looks at Maud curiously.
57) 0) text: Maud is standing fairly close to Everett as she attempts serve up his supper. He watches her, but she's clumsy and slow. Finally he grabs the serving spoon out of her hand.
57) 3) dialog: Just doing what you asked.
57) 5) dialog: That's a bird. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
57) 7) dialog: You told me to make the place look alright. I think it looks alright. You? He looks around. Then begrudgingly gives in.
57) 9) dialog: Thinking about my brother Charles. Everett doesn't look up.
57) 10) dialog: He used to run one a them jazz clubs for awhile. Always people on his back for money he owed them. He always said people were trying to rob him out, but he couldn't prove it. Must be tough running a business.
57) 12) dialog: Apparently Charles never owed anyone, but he never had proof. It was hard to keep track of it all.
57) 14) dialog: Maybe. And you're not. You're a really smart man. Too smart probably. You can keep track of all this in your head but most people can't. Everett likes the sound of this, but says nothing.
57) 15) dialog: You got to dumb it down.
57) 18) dialog: Well. I guess you gotta think like a dumb person, and write it all down. I can help you, you want. Maud holds up one of her little cards. She has made crook lines on it, a place for the name/amount in/amount out.
57) 19) dialog: Never mind who you owe money to. Who owes you money? Everett thinks, skeptically. Then...
57) 21) dialog: And can you think of anyone you owes fish to? Everett slinks back in his chair
57) 24) dialog: Oh, I thought it'd make the cards a little friendlier looking. She smiles at him. He shakes his head at her, but lets it go.
58) 0) text: Maud and Everett are tucked in their bed. Maud's eyes are closed, while Everett is wide awake. He stares at Maud fo a bit. Then gathers the courage to approach her, albeit a little ungracefully. (CONTINUED)
58) 3) dialog: Are we gonna get married? Everett looks at her, almost surprised to hear her speak
58) 5) dialog: Only if you invite people, and have a dance and stuff. Give everyone supper.
58) 7) dialog: Hmmmm . Everett snorts.
58) 8) dialog: Charles had a wedding. His wife wanted a fancy wedding, so he had to scrounge up every cent he had. I said, if I ever get married, I won't be inviting anyone. I'd just do it for cheap, at the town hall. Everett yanks the blanket up over his shoulder. Maud keep talking.
58) 10) dialog: Well. If you plan on rolling over to my side of the bed, I think we better get married. I got in that sort of trouble once before, I don't think I should be at it again. (CONTINUED)
58) 13) dialog: Oh. You know. Wasn't married, had a baby, shamed my family. Everett looks at her, in disbelief. She looks at him, hop he'll understand.
58) 14) dialog: Baby died. Never even saw her Charles and Aunt Ida buried her while I was sleeping. Everett stares at Maud for a moment, a little dumbfounded Then he turns over on his back again, and closes his eyes go to sleep. After a moment, Maud does the same.
59) 0) text: Maud walks with Everett who pushes his wheel barrow. She has a scarf tied around her head, as she walks proudly do the road. She has a hard time keeping up to him, but does her best.
59) 1) dialog: You're gonna have to wait up.
59) 8) dialog: We’re rendering accounts, so there won’t be a mix up.
59) 12) dialog: Maybe we should just start clean from now on we’1ll keep track. Everett shoots her another look.
59) 18) dialog: You do.
59) 22) dialog: I dunno. It's up to the boss. I does what he says. Everett is dumbfounded for a moment.
60) 0) text: As they walk down the road, Maud struggles to keep up.
60) 1) dialog: You're good Ev. I gotta say, I never woulda thought to ask for that money. You really know what you're doing. Everett is somewhat pleased as well, as he walks ahead of her.
61) 0) text: Maud sits at the little table in the corner by the window she paints an apple tree on a little card. A bright beam sunlight shines in on her. She looks out the window and sees a group of children wal by - one little girl in a pink dress among them. She stud her closely....
62) 0) text: More of Everett's house has been painted - a butterfly on the door, flowers around the windows. Maud is now paintin the stairs on the way up to the loft.
63) 0) text: Maud is with Frank. He has found some old cans of paint and he's handing them off to Maud.
64) 0) text: Maud sits at the table with her paints. She dips a paintb into a little container of paint. She scrapes it against paint splattered sardine can. (CONTINUED)
66) 0) text: Maud and Everett walk across the wide open field, two col specks among the dull yellow grass. 74 75 76 77
67) 0) text: Maud and Everett are in the house, Everett is poking the wood stove as Maud sits at the table, painting. Everett leans over and sneaks a peak at what she's doing. (CONTINUED)
67) 2) dialog: You like em? He looks away.
67) 4) dialog: My paintings.
67) 7) dialog: Well. Yeeeeah. But I figured, where we're partners, and the painting is half yours. So... part of your name should be on it too. Right? He looks around the house. Nothing's been done. It's a bi of a mess.
67) 9) dialog: I've got to finish a few more of these first.
67) 12) dialog: I know, but there are only so many hours in the day.
68) 0) text: Maud and Everett are sitting down to a quiet supper when there is a knock on the door.
68) 3) dialog: Um, we’re just gettin’ supper ready. But Sandra isn’t deterred, taking in Maud and her surroundings.
69) 0) text: Everett looks up from the table, in disbelief. Maud stand nervously between the two of them.
69) 1) dialog: He likes it quiet when he eats -
69) 6) dialog: Don’t do larger paintings, just the cards.
69) 10) dialog: I’m not even finished that.
69) 14) dialog: Oh, guess it’s everything that’s pretty about all seasons.
69) 18) dialog: Nah, not for sale, sorry.
69) 21) dialog: No. I’m not selling it.
69) 23) dialog: But, I’m not finished it. He sees something in her eyes. A pleading look. Sandra doesn't notice, she's absorbed with the painting. He grab the painting from Sandra.
70) 0) text: Maud looks at the framed scenery outside her window. It's cold, dreary, bleak day. Rain is pelting down hard. EVERE is outside, carting loads of wood out of the shed. Maud watches through the window as Everett heads towards her w the wheel barrow. His face stern. Serious, as he shields himself from the pelting rain. She can hear him muttering curses. Vulnerable, but hard. She smiles to herself. She looks back down at the painting. It is of Everett enjoying his work on a sunny day.
71) 0) text: Maud and Everett are in bed. It is almost completely dark and Maud is nearly asleep. Everett reaches under the blanket and pokes at Maud.
71) 2) dialog: Yeah. He pokes at her some more. Then moves a little closer to her and starts to rub up against her. She doesn’t respo but she fully wakes up. Everett gropes at her more aggressively. She turns to him
71) 3) dialog: You know, I think we can afford that marriage license.
71) 5) dialog: Well, we can. Everett rolls over and away from her She looks at him, a little beam of moonlight shines acros his face. His eyes glisten as he stares at the ceiling.
71) 7) text: 80 81 81 CONTINUED: 63. Maud listens. 81
71) 9) dialog: I want to, I just think we should get married first.
71) 11) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m not bribing. I just... She moves over and puts her arms around him. She snuggles into his back. Everett looks at her, his face softening. He moves closer to her and fumbles around under the blank Maud lays still as the dark room is filled with the sound of Everett’s awkward grunts. Maud hangs onto Everett, appreciating the closeness. She hugs tightly into him. But it lasts only momentarily. Within moments, he is fini and he rolls off of her. She smiles at him. He suddenly seems shy and nervous.
71) 12) dialog: That was nice. Everett says nothing. He seems pained. Awkward. She reach over and touches him, but he recoils.
72) 0) text: Maud sits outside and smokes a cigarette while sitting in between the two dogs, Blackie and Brownie. She looks at the dog who stares at the house.
73) 0) text: Everett is downstairs, watching Maud through the window. can see that she is talking to the dogs, and she doesn't look too happy. But he stubbornly heads back upstairs.
74) 0) text: Everett comes outside with two cups of tea. He sees Maud, curled up next to the two dogs where she spent the night. She hears the door slam closed and sits up. Everett approaches her, holding out the cup of tea. She won’t take it.
74) 1) dialog: S’pose you’1l throw that in my face next.
74) 6) dialog: We live together in this house, we might as well get married.
74) 8) dialog: Well. Why not? We've been living in this house together now for almost a year. Silence. Everett is biting the side of his cheek.
74) 9) dialog: It'd be nice to be like normal people, wouldn't it? That's what normal people do, they get married.
74) 11) dialog: You need me. He looks away.
74) 13) dialog: Foolish. Everybody needs somebody. That's life. And you don't need many people. But you need me.
75) 0) text: Maud is wearing her best dress, her lovely broach pinned her chest, and a flower in her hair. She stands, nervousl waiting for...
76) 1) text: Maud stands against the wall, observing as a line of youn boys pass by her. She smiles, tickled by their cute faces Mr. Hill is at the end of the line. Then, Everett comes out, shiny clean.
76) 2) dialog: You look nice.
77) 0) text: EVERETT and MAUD come out of the church having just gotte married. Maud is holding a bouquet of flowers. Frank is there with his wife. Frank smiles at Maud.
78) 0) text: Maud, still in her modest wedding dress, sits in the wheelbarrow, proud as a princess, as Everett pushes her through an open field filled with yellow daisies. 90 91 92 67.
79) 0) text: The sound of Maud and Everett having sex in the loft.
80) 0) text: Maud looks at him with love as they have sex. It is awkwa but gentle. He rolls over when they are done. EVERETT (CONT’D) Don’t go thinking that everything’s all mushy now. I’m still contrary.
80) 1) dialog: I know.
80) 3) dialog: We're like a good pair of socks. He gives her a sarcastic look
80) 5) dialog: Better than only one sock.
82) 0) text: An older Maud is sitting down at the table, her increasin feeble hands hold a copy of the Star Weekly magazine, whi she reads from. Everett is now washing the dishes, wearin the apron that Maud sometimes wears. A tiny transistor radio plays music in the background.
82) 1) dialog: ".,.,Her paintings can be found on display at her home in Marshalltown Nova Scotia, where she lives with her husband, Everett Lewis", see they do mention you "a local fish peddler."
82) 4) dialog: Bet we'll sell more paintings now.
82) 6) dialog: Foolish.
82) 8) dialog: What do we want a television for? I got that radio. Might need some new batteries soon. He brings over a plate of sliced bread. They both eat a piece. (CONTINUED)
82) 10) dialog: We can afford batteries. Quiet moment as they eat their bread. She looks back at t article.
82) 11) dialog: I wonder who is out there reading this right now?
82) 13) dialog: I'm not your employee. I'm your wife.
82) 15) dialog: Of course. I'm only practicing up. If people pays money for it, that's your doin', not mine. He nods, satisfied with this "agreement".
83) 0) text: Maud's hands are clearly worsening as she carries an old painted board with the words "Paintings for Sale". She wa out towards the road. Then, she leans the board against a old rock.
85) 0) text: He walks into his driveway, and looks at Maud, who is sta next to Sandra, and several other curious visitors. Maud has many paintings leaning up against the house. A few interested people have pulled off on the side of the road and are now milling about the house, admiring Maud and he work. Everett looks on nervously. When Maud sees him, she smile He smiles back. Awkward, but slightly excited. As Sandra is distracted with talking to potential customers, Everet walks over to Maud.
85) 2) dialog: I think around eighteen dollars. Maybe more. Everett looks pleased by this.
85) 4) dialog: She still bugs you.
85) 6) dialog: She's my friend.
85) 9) dialog: Why don't we go for a walk. Give Everett some peace. (CONTINUED)
86) 0) text: Maud and Sandra are strolling along a wide open field.
86) 2) dialog: I wouldn't ask him. Sandra helps Maud along. Maud's much more feeble than San and the walk is a little difficult for her
86) 4) dialog: Never been married to anyone else, so what would I compare it to? Sandra looks at her for a beat before speaking.
86) 5) dialog: What?
86) 9) dialog: This is foolish talk. How would I know that? (CONTINUED)
86) 12) dialog: If that's what it means, then no, I wouldn't say Everett loves much. Maud SCRUNCHES her feet in the grass. Sandra does the sam
86) 13) dialog: Guess your husband must be nice to you.
86) 15) dialog: Nah, we need to be happy with what we got. They sit side by side, it's peaceful.
88) 0) text: When he opens the door to the house, he is surprised to discover Maud's chair empty.
89) 0) text: He looks up the road. No Maudie. Down the road. No Maudie
89) 4) dialog: Went for a walk with Sandra. What's wrong? (CONTINUED)
89) 7) dialog: No. She hurries over and looks at Brownie.
89) 9) dialog: Want me to help you bury her?
90) 0) text: Everett and Maud sit on the ground next to Brownie's body just the two of them. Everett looks pained, but he sucks on his teeth and pulls himself up off the ground. He scratches Blackie on the ea Everett gets up and gets the shovel. Maud walks over and takes the collar off of the dead dog. She looks back at Everett.
90) 1) dialog: Poor old girl.
90) 3) dialog: I'll go make sure the kettle's on. She walks back to the house, feeling uneasy.
90) 4) dialog: I'm sorry I wasn't here. When you needed me.
92) 0) text: Maud is outside of her house, placing her paintings as a pulls up. Maud is surprised to see who's driving - it's h brother CHARLES. He looks older, and more tired. When he sees Maud he forces a big smile.
92) 1) dialog: Charles?
92) 3) dialog: What are you doing here.
92) 5) dialog: Foolish. I painted when we were kids, you never called me an artist then. No different now. Charles studies the house, trying to be polite.
92) 6) dialog: Can I get you some tea?
92) 9) dialog: Out on his rounds. Should be back soon, if you want to meet him. (CONTINUED)
92) 13) dialog: Pick whatever one you want.
92) 15) dialog: Big ones are five dollars. Charles is taken aback.
92) 18) dialog: Saving it, I s'pose.
92) 20) dialog: Don't s'pose we need it. That's his choice to make.
92) 22) dialog: You never thought so. (CONTINUED)
92) 27) dialog: Like you?
92) 29) dialog: You had to sell momma's house to pay off your debts. So I bet you do know money. And how slippery it is. Charles bristles, then glances up the road and sees Evere heading towards the house on his bicycle. Everett pulls up on his bike. Hops off, sizing up Charles but saying nothing.
92) 30) dialog: You know my brother Charles.
93) 0) text: The house is buzzing with flies. Maud sits at her table, even more stooped and her hands m gnarled. She swats away the flies. Coughs periodically. A nagging, recurring tickle. Everett is peeling carrots.
93) 1) dialog: We need to get a screen door put up.
93) 3) dialog: I bring in money with the paintings -
93) 6) dialog: Gets hot in here in the day.
93) 8) dialog: Then we get more flies. The screendoor -- (CONTINUED)
93) 13) dialog: oO h, nothing.
93) 16) dialog: Vice-President Nixon.
93) 19) dialog: Oh nothing. Paintings.
93) 20) text: Everett sneers up his lip. Maud catches this, and immedia downplays it.
93) 21) dialog: But I'm telling him, I don't care how fancy he is, if he sends the money like every body else, I'll send him a painting. She looks to him, hoping this pleased him. But Everett le the house, without saying a word. Maud sits at her table, watching out the window as Everet heads up the road. Maud's eyes are filled with worry and uncertainty. After he is out of sight, she turns back to her painting. She coughs again.
97) 0) text: Everett walks around the front of the house, where there a CBC van parked, and several other crew members. Maud is standing up talking to the two filmmakers. As the camera person repositions the camera, Maud looks up at Everett a smiles.
97) 1) dialog: There you are. Everett wipes the dirt off his knees as he looks at the c skeptically.
98) 0) text: They are interviewing Maud. Everett sits in the backgroun trying desperately to smile politely and naturally. Maud being interviewed by a young man named STEVEN. (CONTINUED)
98) 2) dialog: Yeah. I’m working on another one of Oxen, yeah.
98) 4) dialog: Dunno. They’re strong, but helpless.
98) 6) dialog: Yeah. Always.
98) 8) dialog: He works outdoors a lot. People like pictures of outdoors. No big reason I guess. Maud laughs uncomfortably. She looks over at Everett, see he's also uncomfortable. She motions for him to move clos He does so, awkwardly, trying to force a smile.
99) 0) text: Maud and Everett now side by side, being interviewed outs their house, showing the paintings she has displayed for sale.
99) 1) dialog: This one is of seagulls. There's flowers painted on the door, here. Maud refers to Everett.
99) 2) dialog: He thinks I'm foolish for painting on the walls. (looking at Everett) Don't you? He looks at the camera, trying to force a smile.
99) 8) dialog: He got me to whip him up another bird on a board.
99) 10) dialog: Everett's good at selling. We each does our thing, and it all works out pretty good. I paint most of the time, he does everything else. Maud smiles at Everett. He is very uncomfortable, but struggles to keep it hidden.
99) 13) dialog: We're lucky to have each other. His stiff smile twitches in the uncomfortable moment.
101) 0) text: Ida is propped up on the couch, looking sickly and exhaus but awake enough to watch Maud and Everett on TV.
102) 0) text: Maud's brother Charles, worn out and tired, is sitting on bar stool, drinking a scotch, as a band sets up in the background. He is watching Maud on the little TV playing behind the bar, a sad look on his face.
105) 0) text: As Everett pulls up to his house, he sees a LINEUP of car outside his home. Crowds of people admire the house, and Maud's paintings. He pushes through the people.
106) 0) text: Maud is sitting at the table, across from Everett.
106) 1) dialog: How sick was she?
106) 8) dialog: No Everett.
106) 10) dialog: Never mind what anyone is saying.
106) 12) dialog: I got to go see Aunt Ida. Maud grabs her jacket.
106) 14) dialog: Because what if she dies and I never went to say goodbye. She hurries to the door.
106) 17) dialog: I have to. She grabs a little painting and hurries out the door. Everett stares out the window, watching as she walks away His breathing heavy. Fuming. He paces the tiny floor spac (CONTINUED)
107) 0) text: Maud is walking out the long, empty paved road, a little painting tucked under her arm. A tiny speck in a vast emp space. Nothing between her and their little house, behind her in the distance. She hurries, as fast as her little crooked legs can move.
108) 0) text: Maud walks into the front hallway. The nurse sees Maud an smiles.
108) 2) dialog: I like painting flowers. Here.
108) 4) dialog: You don't need to stay mad at me forever. Ida is about to fight back, but then resigns from it.
108) 9) dialog: You're not gonna die -- Maud takes Ida's hand.
108) 11) dialog: You did it to protect me. She was dead and deformed, it would have be too much -- Ida hoists herself up a bit.
108) 13) dialog: What do you mean? Why'd she die? Ida looks at her for a moment. Then...
108) 15) dialog: What?
108) 17) dialog: He sold her. For money. Finally...
108) 23) dialog: And is she normal? Was she a normal baby, or was she crooked, or what?
108) 25) dialog: Have your soup, Ida. I gotta go. She leaves the painting on the bed.
109) 0) text: Everett is now taking all of Maud's painting supplies and throwing them into an wooden crate. Sardine cans, paint brushes, cans of paint, old boards, all aggressively bein chucked into the box. He knocks over the table, dishes.
110) 0) text: Maud has left Ida's house, and she wanders up the road, l in her confusion. Looking around, at people's faces, at houses. Who could she be? Where is she? It begins to rain. Maud hugs her coat tightly into her an hurries down the road. 123 89.
111) 0) text: When Maud comes home, she is still in a daze. She hardly notices Everett, who is sitting in her chair, with a scow on his face.
111) 2) dialog: Ev, don't, not now.
111) 4) dialog: Everett. Ida told me -
111) 6) dialog: Listen to me Everett. All these years, I've figured I was half a woman cuz I gave birth to some little gnarled up creature that couldn't live. It wasn't even true. She bites her lip.
111) 7) dialog: The baby lived. My brother - he sold her. Everett stares at her for a moment, then suddenly he poun his fist down on the table.
111) 12) dialog: My brother is as good as dead to me --
111) 14) dialog: Wait - what are you doing.
111) 16) dialog: Everett stop.
112) 0) text: Maud knocks on door repeatedly, as the rain pelts down on 90. 123 124 her. After a few moments, Maud kicks the door, and turns leave.
113) 0) text: Maud walks down the road in the rain, alone and confused. She's coughing, and exhausted. 125 126 127 91.
114) 0) text: Maud approaches the steps of Sandra's cottage. Tears stre down her face, and she wipes them away with her little ha She is soaking and frozen. She knocks. Moments later, Sandra comes out on the step.
114) 2) dialog: Oh. She looks up at Sandra and smiles.
114) 3) dialog: I thought I'd pop in for a visit. Sandra looks at her - a little shocked.
114) 4) dialog: But it's probably not a good time, I'll go.
115) 0) text: Maud is immersed in the bathtub. Only her eyes and nose a above the water, the rest is completely enveloped by bubb She nervously looks around the brightly lit, cheerily decorated bathroom as Sandra talks from outside the room. Maud doesn't know what to think of it.
115) 2) dialog: Too warm, I'd say. I love it, but you shouldn't be wasting all this hot water. Be a different story if you boiled it. Even then. Don't get me wrong, I love it. My mother used to have long baths. But I coulda just used a wash cloth. (CONTINUED)
115) 5) dialog: Can't see me relaxin'. But everything looks so perfect. Almost too perfect. It's lovely, really, but I'm half afraid I'll break something.
115) 7) dialog: I don't need to be that fancy. Not that I don't love em, but bread and butter's just as good. You want me to get out now?
116) 0) text: Maud is now walking around the immaculate, cozy country h wearing Sandra's mauve coloured housecoat, her head wrapp in a towel. The housecoat drags on the floor, and Maud lo ridiculously out of place. She looks out the window at th clouds in the sky. Sandra is drinking a glass of wine, sitting on the sofa.
116) 1) dialog: When I was young, me and my brother would gawk at the clouds. He’d see monsters and dungeons. Or guns. I’d see hearts and puppy dogs. He’d get mad at me for turnin’ his nightmares into something simple. It’s not that I couldn’t see monsters. But if it’s a game, and if the rule is we get to choose to see what we want, why make it dark and dreary? Sandra smiles, charmed by Maud’s simple wisdom. (CONTINUED)
116) 4) dialog: Nah. Wouldn't like it.
116) 6) dialog: That's a word Everett would have no time for. Career. Sounds too fancy.
117) 0) text: Everett is sitting down to a meal by himself. Lonely in h little house. He stares around the room, seeing Maud’s paintings all over the walls. Very lonely. He gets up and storms out of the house.
118) 0) text: Maud is now dressed. Staring off into space. Sandra sees that Maudie is bothered.
118) 5) dialog: No thanks. (CONTINUED)
118) 12) dialog: Nah. Not like that. Sandra holds up the bottle of wine.
120) 0) text: Sandra and Maud now sit on the swing on the front porch, their feet kicked up. Maud is now piss eyed drunk. So is Sandra.
120) 1) dialog: Um...He's a complainer -
120) 3) dialog: He's cranky. He's mean. But he's sweet in his own way -
120) 6) dialog: He gets mad if I don’t, if I paints all day he’s mad, if I don’t paint all day he’s mad, no pleasin’ im. But I miss him.
120) 8) dialog: I gotta go to bed, I feel like I might heave up. Sandra watches her go, then pours herself another glass o wine. She stares up at the sky.
121) 0) text: Everett lies on his side of the bed, staring at Maud’s
123) 4) dialog: Why should I, when you talk to me like that? Maud stands firmly, playing tough. He grabs her by the ar and starts to haul her out the door. (CONTINUED)
123) 7) dialog: Stop it! Sandra intervenes.
123) 10) dialog: Leave me ALONE Everett! Maud is furious, Everett is taken aback. Embarrassed, he marches out the door and down over the steps. Maud, still spittin’ mad, follows him out on the step.
123) 11) dialog: Don't know why you can't be nice for once in your miserable old life. He stops and turns to her, then finally lets his guard do
123) 14) dialog: Well I’m not one of your old dogs.
123) 16) dialog: I’m better than a dog.
123) 19) dialog: I’m more than that. I want you to say it. Everett lies back in the hammock, staring at the sky. The changing shape of the hammock unsteadies Maud and she fal back on him. She starts to get up, but he puts his arm ar her, keeping her by his side.
123) 21) dialog: That cloud looks like a rabbit. Everett shrugs. Maud decides to quiz him.
123) 22) dialog: What do you see? Everett stares at the sky for a moment longer.
123) 24) dialog: You can see more than that. Try. Everett looks at her skeptically, then back up at the sky
123) 28) dialog: Kinda how you sees me as something to own. I sees me as your wife. Everett unfolds his arms.
123) 30) dialog: Why would I leave you?
123) 32) dialog: I got everything I want with you Ev. Everything. 137 EXT. SANDRA’S SUMMER HOME - DAY 137 Everett is putting Maud's things into his truck as she sa goodbye to Sandra.
123) 34) dialog: Go on. Maud smiles at Sandra.
123) 35) dialog: You're my only friend. You know that? Since momma died. Maud smiles at Sandra. Maud heads to towards the truck, a Everett helps her to get in. Sandra watches, thoughtfully as Maud and Everett drive down the road.
124) 0) text: As Everett and Maud drive down the road, he turns onto a road that she doesn't recognize. (CONTINUED)
124) 3) dialog: Why we going up here? He says nothing.
124) 4) dialog: Where we going Ev? Tight-lipped, he keeps driving. Eventually, he pulls off onto the side of the road. The Street is lined with nice, modest little bungalows. He stares ahead, she looks at hi a little confused.
124) 5) dialog: What are we doing here, Ev? He takes a breath, and exhales.
124) 7) dialog: Who?
124) 9) dialog: She lives in there? My baby?
125) 0) text: As Maud walks up the street, she sees KAY (late 20's), a slight, attractive young woman, out doing gardening, wear a bright pink sun hat. A young man comes out.
127) 0) text: Maud slows down as she is in front of the house, she bend down and picks a pebble out of her boot. Maud watches Kay through the fence, now almost being eye eye. The RASPBERRY BUSH is between them. At this exact moment, Kay eyes one of the berries, as Maud eyes the oth Together they both take a raspberry off the bush and EAT savouring the taste. Kay is so preoccupied with the berries, she doesn't even notice Maud. Maud smiles watching her, then’ stands up and continues past the house, without looking back. As she walks toward Everett, she smiles. Sitting in the truck, he beams a smi back at her. 142 143 144 102.
128) 0) text: Everett and Maud lie in bed, only lit by moonlight. He ca sleep. Neither can she.
128) 1) dialog: I couldn't believe it was her. But I knew it was her.
130) 0) text: Everett walks into the house and dumps the wood by the st as The DOCTOR continues doing a check up on Maud.
130) 1) dialog: I'm more concerned with the state of my arthritis then my lungs. It's getting harder and harder to hold a paintbrush. Ev thinks I should strap the brush onto my hands. He's holding the stethoscope to her back.
130) 4) dialog: I gives it up sometimes. She smiles.
131) 0) text: Fewer paintings outside. Maud comes out of the house, gathers her unsold paintings for the night and takes them inside. Her breathing is a little laboured. She seems tired.
132) 2) dialog: I'll be up in a minute.
133) 0) text: Maud wakes up to Everett hovering over her on the chair.
133) 2) dialog: Guess I fell asleep.
133) 4) dialog: I'll get up in a minute. Come sit by me Ev. Everett can't hide his concern as he sits next to her on floor. (CONTINUED)
133) 6) dialog: You should get more dogs. Less lonely with dogs.
133) 8) dialog: Still. Be nice if you had more dogs.
134) 0) text: Maud sits in a chair outside as Everett displays her pain there are less than before. Maud is getting to be too tir and ill to paint as much as she used to. But there are st some paintings, and some visitors, admiring them. Maud doesn't really engage in conversation, but then she looks up and sees KAY AND PAUL approaching her house. She watches carefully as Kay weaves through the crowd, admiring Maud’s paintings. After a few moments, Maud hurriedly goes into the house. Then, she comes out, holding the painting of the girl in pink dress. Maud looks around for Kay, unable to find her at first. B then she sees her and approaches her with the painting.
134) 1) dialog: Bit chilly today. Kay looks up and smiles brightly at Maud.
134) 4) dialog: You might like this one. Kay studies it for a long time. Maud watches Kay proudly. Kay seems almost speechless. Her face is serious. (CONTINUED)
134) 7) dialog: Have it.
134) 9) dialog: You don’t owe me for that, take it.
134) 11) dialog: I think that little girl is you. Please take it. She smiles at Kay. Kay smiles back, somehow understanding She takes the painting and walks away. Maud discreetly tries to keep her eye on Kay as she climb into the car. She watches, fixated, as the car pulls off the side of the road and drives off into the distance. Everett stands by her for a moment.
135) 0) text: Maud sits at her table painting, her work only half finis She works quietly. Then without warning, she suddenly BUR into tears. She lets herself cry, and after a moment she flops over on the table, onto her painting. She cries and cries. Then she gets up. The paint from her picture now on the side of her face and her shirt. She looks at her ruined painting, wipes away her tears and starts to fix it. Everett is up in bed, Maud still sits at her table, stari out the window into the black, quiet night. She wipes the paint off of her face and her shirt with an old wet rag. Then Maud hoists herself out of the chair and heads towar the ladder. (CONTINUED)
136) 0) text: Frank and Everett CARRY in a little day bed, as Maud sits feebly, at her table.
136) 2) dialog: That's lovely. Lovely.
137) 0) text: Maud now lays back on a DAY BED that has been squeezed in the small home. Her things have been rearranged downstair She paints a painting from her bed. She's slower now. Sti thoughtful, but there is less joy in it. Everett brings h a cup of tea.
137) 1) dialog: Some housemaid I became.
138) 0) text: Everett comes downstairs and stokes the fire. Maud is asleep on the couch, her breathing is sounding increasingly laboured.
138) 5) dialog: Ev.
139) 0) text: Everett has Maud bundled up in a blanket and carries her the truck. He lays her in the passenger seat, then gets i the truck. They speed away down the road.
140) 0) text: They drive down the road, Maud tries to speak but can’t Everett is in a panic.
141) 0) text: As they wheel Maudie away, Everett is frantic. He runs up to the nurse with money in his hand.
142) 0) text: Maud is hooked up to tubes in the hospital bed, Everett i by her side. She is more alert now. She reaches out to touch Everett, but he’s too far away. He moves in close
142) 5) dialog: Go on.
142) 7) dialog: I wish...I wish I was better at looking after you, everyone always had to be looking after me.
142) 9) dialog: I know you love me Ev.
142) 10) dialog: We didn't have the things people think you need in order to be lovable. But yet we had love. (CONTINUED)
142) 11) text: 156 157 158 159 CONTINUED: (2) 109. Maud is fading. 156
142) 12) dialog: Who woulda thought two odd socks would make such a perfect pair He looks at her pleadingly, but she closes her eyes and f away...
144) 0) text: Everett is home by himself. The brightly painted, jam-pac little house feels empty. Everett sits in Maud’s chair paints a little “Maud-like” painting on a card. He pa dogs. Nowhere near her detail or charm. He stops and stares at her paintings on the wall. The lit chicken. So cheerful. So happy. He reaches out and touche the bird. Then turns back to the painting. He scrapes the paintbrush on an old sardine tin, thick with Maud’s pai Then he signs the card "Everett Lewis". He stares at it long and hard, his eyes filling with tears. Having a seco thought, he PAINTS over the name. He looks out the window. No cars. No visitors. Nothing. He looks back to the painting, and once again paints her name on the board. Then he THROWS the paintbrush across t room.
145) 0) text: Everett sits outside his house, with paintings propped up against the house, to sell. His poor knock-offs, which la Maud's care or detail. He stares off into space as a coup of stragglers walk around looking at the art work, the fa paintings on the walls. (CONTINUED)
146) 0) text: Everett walks into the house. Everywhere he looks, everyw he rests his eyes, there is the hand of Maud. He sits down on the day bed. He kicks off his boots and pulls off a sock. He stares at his feet, one sock on, one sock off. He runs his hand along the empty space of Maud' bed, before clutching her pillow. Then, he looks out the window, and looks up at the clouds Suddenly, he's able to see the clouds take shape: a cheer puppy dog, surrounded by white puffy flowers. As we fade out... Everett Lewis died in 1979, nine years after Maud, in the little 13x13 home. This little house can be found at a permanent exhibit at Nova Scotia Art Gallery in Halifax, Nova Scotia...