1) 20) dialog: We interrupt our movie for a WWAR News Update. Here live is a report from WWAR's own Robert Mundy... QUICKLY the POV opens the screen door to the kitchen and slips inside.
1) 21) dialog: (continuing) «+. The State Police has issued an all-points bulletin for Michael Myers, a mental patient who escaped last night from Smith's Grove-Warren County Sanitarium. He is now believed to be at large in Haddonfield... Mrs. Elrod stands watching the bulletin with interest. Behind her, we see the shape step into the kitchen.
3) 1) dialog: .-».reports of at least one violent attack tonight by the escaped mental patient. A teenage girl was found minutes ago in the upstairs hallway of a Haddonfield residence... Budd turns and talks through the open port to the rear of the ambulance.
9) 84) dialog: (Tv) +». and we're going to stay on the air now. Repeating, three people are dead tonight as the result of an attack by an escaped mental patient... Jill looks up at Jimmy.
10) 0) text: The Wallace house. Across the street from the Doyle house. Lit by the headlights of several patrol cars. Dozens of PEOPLE mill on the sidewalk. Others come running up the street. CAMERA BEGINS TO MOVE. pS Past a remote TV crew recording live. The ANNOUNCER OG (heard before on TV) stands talking into a mike. He is lit by two sunguns. (CONTINUED )
10) 6) dialog: (into TV camera) Moments ago police reported that Michael Myers, formerly of Haddonfield, who fled the Smith's Grove-Warren County Sanitarium last night, was believed to have burned to death. Meanwhile, three bodies were discovered in the upstairs bedroom of the house directly behind me. The identification of the victims is being withheld pending notification... CAMERA MOVES to the PRODUCER of the TV unit. A young woman in her thirties. She talks feverishly to her ASSISTANT, a boyish 20-year-old.
10) 40) dialog: ++. Not since that night fifteen years ago to this day when young Michael Myers tragically murdered his sister can the town of Haddonfield recall sueh a night of infamy... y (CONTINUED )
17) 1) dialog: In the aftermath of the killings, the streets between Chestnut and 10th are jammed with people and cars... Budd inhales deeply, smoking a joint.
24) 10) dialog: We just wanted to get a reaction from Laurie Strode about Michael Myers' death.
24) 13) dialog: About twenty minutes ago. A policeman nailed him -- literally.
24) 16) dialog: Oh, yeah. They don't come any deader. He burned up alive. Car wreck.