10) 7) dialog: Forget that, forget that! I want to concentrate on this house. Talk to some kids. See if anyone saw anything. She points to the Deputy who stands at the edge of the crowd.
10) 8) dialog: (continuing) You need their parent's permission to use a statement. If you can't find the parents, get the statement anyway. CAMERA MOVES CLOSER to the house. Brackett strides grimly up the lawn. Followed by Loomis and Deputy Hunt. Bud and Jimmy wheel the first stretcher out. A sheet-covered body.
10) 37) text: The television Producer weaves her way through the crowd and over to her Assistant.
10) 38) dialog: Wrap it up as soon as you. can. I'll meet you and the crew at the hospital.
11) 0) text: She fiddles with the dial on the radio looking for the ne Then she settles into her seat and stares at the road in But something spooks her. Suddenly she turns around and l over her shoulder. PRODUCER'S P.0.V. The back seat is empty.
12) 0) text: The Producer's car heads toward the hospital when suddenl a THUMP ... THUMP ... THUMP. The left front tire is flat.
13) 0) text: The Producer groans.
14) 0) text: The Producer pulls her car off the side of the road, come and gets out. She walks to the front of the car and finds front tire completely flat. She looks up and down the road. She's in the middie of no She comes back around to the trunk and inserts the key in lock. . Suddenly an ambulance comes over thecrest of a hi ROARING past, lights flashing. Just as suddenly-as it app disappears around a curve in the distance. Everything is The Producer opens the trunk. It's a méss. Old tennis rac football, an old blanket covering God knows what ... The Producer gets out the jack and the jack handle and be jacking up the rear end of the car. .
14) 7) dialog: Oh, great, great ... The driver looks down at the front end of the car suspend the jack.
14) 11) dialog: Listen, I didn't ask you to stop. I could have done it myself. So, why don't you just get back into your truck there and ... roll on out of here. Now.
14) 23) dialog: Lying by the side of the road. Her THROAT SLIT: . Behind flat tire spins around and around until finally it comes as the lights of the car disappear in the distance.
22) 0) text: The television camera crew van pulls into the lot along with a station wagon. Right next to the producer's car. The crew gets out.
22) 1) dialog: C'mon, let's go find Debra. I'll bet she's already got everything lined up.
24) 8) dialog: Debra told us to meet her here. - Didn't she work everything Jimmy joan: comment. She begins out? She's the producer.