14) 20) dialog: 
14) 22) text: The Shape rushes around to the driver's side and climbs i The car starts with a ROAR and takes off down the road.
30) 37) text: Karen walks into the room. Over toward the bed. She leans over the patient to adjust the blankets. Suddenly the shape under the blankets grabs Karen and pulls her down onto the bed!
30) 38) text: Karen struggles wildly. Her legs dangle over the side of the bed, thrashing around. She opens her mouth to scream. A hand comes around her face to stifle the sound. Karen manages to get her teeth around a finger covering her mouth. She chomps down on it. Hard! The shape under the blanket SCREAMS and lets go of her! It sits up. The blanket drops.
41) 50) dialog: Through the steam. He watches her. One eye blazing behind his mask. The pale, neutral features of a man weirdly distorted by the rubber. oS
47) 34) text: Backlit by the desk lamp, the shape and Janet are silhouetted figures. Slowly the shape releases Janet. She slides down his body and crumples onto the floor. The shape stands above her for several beats. Looking down. Staring.
53) 4) dialog: raises the blade high over his head and quickly brings. it down into the middle of the form in the bed again and again.
53) 6) text: The shape rips the covers off the bed.
53) 8) text: The shape turns and races out the door.
71) 6) text: Laurie is in foreground. Jill in the background moving down the hall. A door opens right behind Jill. And the shape steps out into the hali
71) 8) dialog: Jill starts to turn around. (CONTINUED )
71) 17) dialog: The shape has stabbed her in the back! With all his strength he lifts with the hand holding the scalpel. And lifts Jill up off the floor! She dangles, as if hanging from a hook!
72) 10) text: CAMERA MOVES SLIGHTLY and we CAN SEE around the crutches. There is what seems to be the shape of a man sitting there leaning against the wall.
74) 0) text: Only her legs dangle through the window! As the shape pops INTO FRAME and.grabs her feet!
76) 0) text: Her legs kick wildly! The shape's hands claw at her feet! Trying to hold on!
91) 0) text: 380 Loomis and Chambers walk over to the guard station. Loomis glances at the T.V. monitors. On an exterior VIEW we see Laurie running. And on another CAMERA is the shape moving toward her! : Loomis spins around and dashes for the front doors. 381
93) 8) text: Loomis, Laurie, Chambers and the Marshal stare. Smoke fills the air. The shape's body lies there. The Marshal takes a step ‘toward the body. (CONTINUED )
95) 2) text: Through the door into the operating room. As the door. to the hallway slowly opens. And the shape steps in!
97) 0) text: A tray of instruments. The shape's hand grabs several several skeen ing knives k wic. wicked-looxing 5' surgical "probes! cut TO:
98) 13) dialog: Swiftly he swings his right arm forward and connects! He dams a probe deep into Loomis' chest!
98) 25) text: The shape stands in the middle of the room. Suspended. Swaying back and forth. Hands at his side. Blood pouring from the eye holes in his mask. Laurie crawls along the wall toward the door to the operating room. ‘, VY
98) 35) text: Laurie scrambles through the door! The shape hears her. Turns. Moves for her!
102) 10) dialog: It's Jimmy. His head bound round and round in white gauze.