0) 0) text: Blinds closed. Dust motes in the air. A large GOLDFISH TA bubbles. BRANCH RICKEY at his desk. Two photos on the wal Abe Lincoln &amp; Leo Durocher. CHALKBOARDS covered with OF NAMES, every player in the Dodger organization. CLYDE SUKEFORTH and HAROLD PARROTT sit across from Rickey who stares at them. Sukeforth stares back. Parrott nervou
2) 0) text: Rickey and Sukeforth going through stacks of FILES on the desk. A black ballplayer's picture is clipped to each. As Rickey reviews one, Sukeforth tries to hand him another. 
3) 0) text: A BLOODHOUND watches as a BUS pulls into a SERVICE STATIO the tires RING the bell hose. A million miles easy on thi road rumbler. The BANNER reads: KC Monarchs. Insert: Interstate 24, Missouri - August 24, 1945. The DRIVER steps off. The fellas follow, getting off to stretch their legs. Hot and tired. A WHITE ATTENDANT saunters out. The driver steps over to meet him.
5) 0) text: A car has pulled up. The driver talks to several players. They look over as Jack exits. The driver is Clyde Sukefor
6) 0) text: Blinds closed. Jack sits across the desk from Rickey. Sukeforth sits a little further back. Rickey is staring a Jack. Bushy eyebrows flared, light gleams off his glasses INSERT: August 28, 1945. Brooklyn.  Jack doesn't know what to do, looks to Sukeforth. Finally
7) 0) text: A phone RINGS on a table. RACHEL ISUM steps in, 23, possessed of style that you can only be graced with.
9) 0) text: The shades closed; we're scheming again. WENDELL SMITH si across from Rickey who stares back intently. Bespectacled 32, Smith covers baseball for the Pittsburgh Courier.
11) 0) text: A gleaming American Airlines DC-3 angled up on the tarmac PASSENGERS climb the portable stairs and disappear inside INSERT: February 28, 1946. Burbank, California
12) 0) text: Jack and Rachel are being seen off by FRIENDS from the wedding and his mother MALLIE. Jack is in a natty suit wi Rachel in a beautiful coat. 
17) 0) text: Seen from on high. Jack and Rachel, sitting on a bench, t little figures as passengers move along the concourse. Th sit a bit apart from each other, the world a wedge.
19) 0) text: Jack and Rachel worn out among eight other passengers. As the door is opened, FOUR of the eight get up and disembar After a beat, FOUR NEW PASSENGERS board and take their se
21) 0) text: Closed. A line of EMPTY BUSES; the BANNER on one: Daytona Beach. Across from it Rachel sits at one end of a BENCH, fur pulled around her. Jack at the other, staring off int the night. Finally, he reaches down, picks up the shoebox He pulls out a DRUMSTICK, considers it, then takes a bite
22) 0) text: LEO DUROCHER hitting fungoes. One after the next. PEE WEE REESE and EDDIE STANKY both settle under the same ball.
23) 0) text: Wendell Smith stands waiting as a BUS pulls in. The big air brakes hiss. The doors open and the PASSENGER disembark. First a DOZEN WHITE FACES, then a DOZEN BLACK. Last but not least, Rachel and Jack. They look exhausted.
24) 0) text: Jack and Smith carry the luggage. Smith's excited being  around Jack even if he is grumpy. As Smith unlocks the  Buick, Rachel considers a segregated pair of water founta
29) 0) text: The end of the day. Buses leave by team, the Dodgers and farm clubs. White faces look down as they pass a tired Ja who walks through the lot toward Wendell Smith and his Bu Higbe and Bragan call out from the door of the Dodger bus
34) 0) text: Half dressed, Jack sits on the edge of his bed, feeling b Through his open door, across a hall, we can see Smith in room. Passing in and out of view packing his own things.
35) 0) text: The street deserted, sidewalks rolled up. Jack angry and silent in the passenger seat. Smith jumpy behind the whee They stop as a PICK-UP stops ahead outside a BAR where: A DOZEN WHITE MEN in shirtsleeves exchange words with the boys in the truck. To Jack it looks like a typical small town bull session. To Smith it looks like something else.
36) 7) dialog: I'm thirteen years old. WHITE PEOPLE enter at several gates around them.
37) 15) dialog: The 13-year-old holding his hands together in prayer.
37) 16) dialog: Please, God, let Jackie show them what we can do.
37) 20) text: A big, over-reacting CHEER from the Colored section. SMITH
37) 23) text: Looks ill-tempered over to first where Jack gives the sam look back as he sidesteps an enormous, defiant lead off t bag. Higbe incredulous. Did he just do that? DUROCHER (FROM DUGOUT)
37) 29) text: Hell! You're supposed to go back to third when I step off! Don't you know nothing?! He throws over. Jack back to the bag. Higbe gets the ball back, looks in. Jack bouncing, pounding off third. His  movements carry violence within them. Like a piston  exploding in an engine.  Higbe into his motion, stops his delivery, accidentally d the ball to the ground. The umpire signals BALK, points J home. Higbe is furious.
37) 30) dialog: CHEERING, joyous. His mother joins in, happy despite... MOTHER
37) 31) text: I don't understand. What happened? ED
37) 34) text: But he didn't do anything. ED
37) 35) text: Oh, mama, yes he did, he discombobulated the man. DUGOUT
37) 36) text: Durocher looks to Branca, impressed. DUROCHER
38) 0) text: Montreal vs. Indianapolis. THE STANDS are half filled. Th COLORED SECTION is packed solid, accentuated by the many empty seats in the sections on either side of it. INSERT: De Land, Florida. No score, top of the first as -- Jack drops a BUNT down t line. The FIRST BASEMAN fields, throw to the SECOND BASEM covering. Too late. Only Jack doesn't stop. Realizing the SHORTSTOP isn't covering the bag, Jack bolt for second. The second baseman has to wait on the throw a when he makes it -- The UMPIRE signals safe. A bunt doubl Spider Jorgensen settles in the batter's box. The pitch. Crack, Jorgensen laces a single to left. Jack motors to third where Sukeforth is WAVING him home. We're with him at hip level as he tears down the basepath The CATCHER bracing for the throw - they COLLIDE - he's S As Jack gets to his feet, however, a Jim Crow POLICEMAN s up to meet him, grabs him by the shoulder. POLICEMAN
39) 4) text: I did. Then I took a long shower. We lost 2 to 1. She takes a few exaggerated steps to amuse him. RACHEL
39) 8) text: Get back, Rae. Go back. Cracker stops square across from him. Jack's fists balled CRACKER
39) 11) text: I want you to know I'm pulling for you to make good. And a lot of folks here feel the same way. If a man's got the goods, he deserves a fair chance. That's all. (tips his hat) Ma'am. As Cracker walks away... Rachel takes Jack's hand. CUT TO: 52 OMITTED 52     
40) 1) text: You wanted to see me, Mr. Rickey? Rickey nods, consider the field a moment. RICKEY
40) 6) text: Jackie, it's my pleasure to tell you that you've earned a spot on the Montreal Royals. When they head north Tuesday for opening day against Jersey City, you'll be on the train. Jack trying to hold down his excitement. JACK
40) 15) text: Agreed. Therefore, run the bases  like the Devil himself. (MORE)    
41) 0) text: Ed Charles and his TWO FRIENDS follow Jack and the Montre PLAYERS as they walk toward the TRAIN waiting on the trac Jack is one of the last to board. He's almost through the door when something stops him. He looks back at Ed. A beat. Ed slowly raises his hand and waves. Jack smiles, does the same, then disappears inside. The WHISTLE blows the train starts out of the station. On impulse Ed starts trot out after it. Staying close. His friends follow. TRAIN TRACKS
41) 1) text: The train picks up speed. The boys start to run. Arms pumping, feet flying. One boy drops off. Then the other. But Ed still runs. Chasing after that train carrying Jack Robinson. Finally, he stops, heaving for breath, watching the train disappear around the bend. A lonely beat. Then Ed gets down on his hands and knees. He sets his ear on t rail, closes his eyes. A thrum comes off the rail. A huge smile spreads. He straightens, shouts back to his friends ED
43) 1) text: Come on, Jackie, this fella can't pitch! Speaking of the pitch, here it comes. Jack tops a WEAK GROUNDER to short. As he's thrown out by a mile... 56 WENDELL SMITH &amp; RACHEL 56 Sitting up off third. His knees knocked together to hold TYPEWRITER on his lap. Nothing to write about there. He looks over at Rachel who puts her hand over her mouth. SMITH
44) 17) text: I'll be damned...    
45) 3) text: But you're going to remember me. And I am going to be with you until the day I die. The stakes just got raised... CUT TO:
46) 1) text: As all of us know a young Negro second baseman played north of the border last season... INSERT: Brooklyn YMCA. February 5, 1947. In back: TWO DEACONS in the back whisper over a SPORTS PA DEACON ONE
46) 3) text: Led the International League in batting: .349, in stolen bases: 40, runs scored: 113. Plus batted .400 in the Minor League World Series. DEACON TWO
46) 9) text: I have a ballplayer on my Montreal team named Jackie Robinson. The start of applause. Rickey motions for it to stop.    
46) 11) text: He may stay there or he may be brought to Brooklyn. But if Jackie does come up to the Dodgers, the biggest threat to his success, the one enemy most likely to ruin that success, is the Negro people themselves! There is shocked silence in the room. Rickey notices a gr of KIDS watching from a raised running track, soldiers on RICKEY
46) 12) text: I say it as cruelly as I can to make you all realize the weight of responsibility that is not only on myself and the Dodgers, but on Negroes everywhere. For on the day Jackie enters the National League, if he does, I have no doubt every one of you will form parades and welcoming committees. You'll strut. You'll wear badges. You'll hold Jackie Robinson days and Jackie Robinson nights. You'll get drunk, fight and be arrested. This is too much. People are slackjawed. Rickey powers on RICKEY
46) 13) text: You'll wine and dine him until he is fat and futile. You'll symbolize his importance into a national comedy and yes, a tragedy! So let me tell you this! (pounds his fist) If any group or segment of Negro society uses the advancement of Jackie Robinson in baseball as a triumph of race over race, I will regret the day I ever signed him to a contract, and I will personally see that baseball is never so abused and misrepresented again! Is he done? An embarrassed smattering of applause. Mostly shock and stares. As Rickey stands there uncomfortably... CUT TO:
47) 2) text: I question your bedside manner, Mr. Rickey, but they've agreed to set up a committee of self-policing. We'll call it the 'Don't Spoil Jackie's Chances' campaign. RICKEY
48) 0) text: The silhouette of stately palms through the window. A PHO RINGS. A figure fumbles through silk sheets for the receiver. It's LEO DUROCHER, a WOMEN in bed alongside him INSERT: Beverly Hills. February 16, 1947. DUROCHER
49) 1) text: Another spring training is upon us. In Panama. I need to know your attitude toward Jackie Robinson.
49) 4) text: Eight times in the Bible we're told to love our neighbor. It's one of God's most repeated commands.    
50) 11) text: I've got to go, Rae.  She nods. They kiss, embrace a last time. He starts away  down the walk. She watches. Something not quite right.  A tug as Jack stops, looks back at her. Fighting back her emotion and then impelled forward, she runs to him. They  come together. She practically disappears in his arms. Th do not want to be apart.  CUT TO:     
51) 0) text: Durocher eats heartily. Rickey's food is untouched. DUROCHER
51) 4) text: A team full of tough war veterans? Immigrants' sons? Boys from impoverished parts of the country? DUROCHER
51) 7) text: I'm not saying they won't accept him: I'm saying they won't ask for him. I'm saying Robinson's good medicine, but they're not gonna like the taste. I'm saying bend over, boys, and get ready, this one might hurt a little. (ANOTHER FORKFUL)
51) 12) text: He wants to get us used to Negro crowds. He wants more of them than us. He's hoping it'll get us more comfortable being around Robinson. Higbe clears his throat, reads what he's written: HIGBE
51) 13) text: We, the undersigned Brooklyn Dodgers will not play ball on the same field as Jackie Robinson. Higbe signs it. He hands the pen to Bragan who adds his o name. Casey signs with a flourish. Casey holds out the pe to Walker who doesn't take it right away. An odd beat. CASEY
51) 22) text: Ain't asked him yet. What difference does it make? STANKY
51) 28) text: Skip me, Dix, I'm not interested. WALKER
53) 0) text: Deserted. Durocher stands in a hotel bathrobe, arms cross as his PLAYERS and COACHES file in. Bleary-eyed, half- dressed, they're all here, all wondering what this is abo Suddenly, Durocher grabs the handle of an industrial-size SOUP POT and heaves it across the room. BRWANG-RANG-RANG! DUROCHER
53) 1) text: Wake up, ladies! Wake the Hell up! (a stunned beat) It's come to my attention that some of you fellas don't want to play with Robinson. That you even got a petition drawn up that you're all gonna sign. Well boys, you know what you can do with your petition?
53) 10) text: Yes, sir, they're gonna come diving and scratching. So I'd forget your petition and worry about the field. Because unless you fellas pay a little more attention to your work, they are going to run you right out of the ball park! A petition? (looks them over) Are you ballplayers or lawyers? As he marches past them and through the doors... CUT TO: 81 OMITTED 81  82 OMITTED 82     
54) 0) text: Jack in his Montreal uniform headed off the field for the dugout. Sukeforth headed over wearing Dodger blue.  SUKEFORTH 
54) 4) text: I've never played first base in my  life, Coach.  SUKEFORTH
54) 6) text: Yeah. I don't need a glove to do  that.  CUT TO:    
54) 12) text: So I thought about it awhile and then I looked up conspicuous in the dictionary. (WHACK)
54) 14) text: Conspicuous. CUT TO: 87 OMITTED 87    
55) 1) text: Bragan, most of your teammates have recanted on this petition nonsense. Are you really here to tell me you don't want to play with Robinson? BRAGAN
55) 10) text: I received your letter, Dixie. (READS)
55) 11) text: Recently, the thought has occurred to me that a change of ball clubs would benefit both the Brooklyn Baseball Club and myself. (TO WALKER)
55) 15) text: What I have, Mr. Rickey, is a hardware store back home. It's called Dixie Walker's. Folks don't come because I have the lowest prices, they come because it's called Dixie Walker's. Understand? And I make as much money owning that store as I do playing for you. RICKEY
57) 5) text: It's because Negro reporters aren't allowed in the press box. Jack doesn't answer, doesn't look over. Finally Smith sta talking to himself. Pretending to be Jack.     
57) 8) text: My daddy used to work at Fair Lane. That was Mr. Ford's estate. My daddy was Mr. Henry Ford's cook. SMITH ‘AS JACK' I did not know that. SMITH
57) 9) text: Cooked for him for years, but never once broke bread with him. I'd go to work with daddy sometimes. Play baseball out on the lawn with Mr. Ford's grandchildren. We all had a real good time. But it was understood, if they got tired of playing ball and moved inside to the bowling alley or swimming pool, I was not invited or allowed. The grass was as far as I got. So guess what? You're not the only one with something at stake here. JACK
57) 11) text: I'd be happy to. Smith stops at a red light.  JACK
57) 14) text: I don't like needing someone to be there for me. I don't like needing anyone but myself. I never have.    
57) 17) text: You remember the last time we were  at a red light? Down in Florida?  SMITH 
58) 2) text: If it softens at the sight of Jackie's skills, he'll join the club some time between April 10 and April 15. Otherwise, Robinson will spend the year back in Montreal. (throws paper down) For the love of Pete, he batted .625 in the exhibition games against them, us, them -- Against us! Judas Priest! Rickey flummoxed as the phone RINGS from the outer office PARROTT
59) 0) text: HAPPY CHANDLER gets a manicure. Always jovial, a head lik an anvil with hair parted in the middle, he picks up a ph HAPPY
59) 8) text: It's not just one thing, it's an accumulation. I received notice today from the Catholic Youth Organization. Vowing a ban on baseball unless Durocher is punished for his moral looseness. RICKEY
59) 10) text: It's this business with the actress in California. She's recently divorced and Durocher is the cause. They may even be illegally married.    
59) 14) text: You know very well my organization is about to enter a tempest. I need Durocher at the rudder. He's the only man who can handle this much trouble, who loves it in fact. You're chopping off my right hand! HAPPY
59) 15) text: I have no choice. I'm going to have to sit your manager, Branch. Leo Durocher is suspended from baseball for a year. RICKEY
60) 0) text: Durocher, in a suit, cleans out his locker. Carefully set each item in a cardboard box. Finished, he closes the loc door. CLICK. And then -- WHAM! -- Drives his fist in, tak it off its hinges. He picks up his box, quietly walks out CUT TO:  96 OMITTED 96     
61) 0) text: RING... Jack asleep in bed, fumbles for the receiver.  INSERT: April 10, 1947.  JACK 
62) 11) text: Harold, telegram the press. Say this: “The Brooklyn Dodgers today purchased the contract of Jackie Robinson from the Montreal Royals. He will report immediately.” As Jack takes it in, he's the only one not smiling. CUT TO:
64) 2) text: This man does not. He stands bare chested in his boxers staring out the window of a MCALPIN HOTEL ROOM. Consideri the world before him. Wondering where his place is in it. INSERT: April 15, 1947. 3 AM. It's a lonely moment. Until Rachel appears behind him in nightgown. She wraps her arms around him, looks over his shoulder at the world out there. Finally, softly... RACHEL
66) 8) text: On a troop transport, coming back from Guam. A sailor heard it on the radio, told me the Dodgers had signed a Negro player. I said that was fine by me. Then he said the guy was a shortstop. Least you were then. That got me thinking. Thinking gets me scared. Jack smiles, hefts his bottle of Pepto. JACK
66) 10) text: You still scared, Pee Wee? REESE
66) 11) text: (looks down street) Of garbage trucks? Terrified. CUT TO:
68) 18) text: Watches from the stands. Pleased at the cheering. She hol the baby up to see, whispers to him... RACHEL
70) 0) text: RED BARBER looks down onto the field. BARBER
70) 1) text: One out in the bottom of the first. Headed toward the plate for his first big league at bat is Dodger rookie Jackie Robinson. Jackie is very definitely brunette. 114 JACK 114
70) 10) text: Get some glasses, ump! CUT TO: 115 OMITTED 115  116 OMITTED 116  117 OMITTED 117  118 OMITTED 118 
71) 2) text: Roses need pruning, but fine when I  left it last night. Branch said it  was important and I heard about  Leo. Any idea what this is about?  PARROTT 
72) 2) text: Baseball has returned to Brooklyn, Burt. Another season is underway. SHOTTON
72) 4) text: Inevitable I suppose. I asked him if she was worth it and he said yes. How's the retirement? SHOTTON 
72) 9) text: When I took off that Cleveland  uniform two years ago, I promised the Mrs. I'd never put on another uniform again. Roses look great  and I sleep a whole lot better.  RICKEY 
72) 13) text: I need you to manage the Dodgers.  We're a ship without a captain; there's a typhoon ahead. SHOTTON 
72) 16) text: Baseball's the only life for an old  pepper pot like me, but I promised  my wife, Branch. RICKEY
72) 17) text: You promised her you wouldn't put on another uniform. You didn't promise her you wouldn't manage.  Wear a suit and tie; Connie Mack  still does.  (A BEAT) 
72) 22) text: My car's parked right out front.  Harold will show you where. Now  what do you say? SHOTTEN 
73) 0) text: Shotton addresses the half-dressed Dodgers, Jack included SHOTTON
74) 0) text: A huge CROWD beyond. Bob Cooke of the Herald Tribune (see at the Waldorf Astoria) holds court as Jack is ANNOUNCED. COOKE
74) 1) text: Mark my words and circle this date. Negroes are going to run the white man straight out of baseball. I'm not prejudiced; it's physiological. They have a longer heel bone. Gives em an unfair speed advantage.
75) 0) text: Jack and Rachel out for dinner. Jack nodding as BLACK PATRONS pass by, saying encouraging things. He almost get forkful of food to his mouth before a MENU and a PEN are offered for an autograph. As he signs, a FLASH BULB goes off. In a lull, Jack cuts his steak, low to Rachel. JACK
75) 2) text: They want to see if Jackie Robinson is real. They want to see your pride, your dignity. Because then they'll see it in themselves. He's stopped short. She blinks with mock coquettish modes
76) 0) text: BATHROOM MIRROR - Steamed. A finger traces ‘42' in the on the glass, then wipes it clean to reveal Rachel. Hair  wrapped in a towel, she looks at herself, frowns.  INSERT: Brooklyn, April 22, 1947.  DRYING DIAPERS - Hang like pennants on a line stretched  across the BEDROOM. Rachel ducks under them to retrieve h shoes. She looks at them, frowns.  RACHEL - Brushing her teeth. Pauses to hold the toothbrus in a batting stance. Swings...  RACHEL - Strains to reach to zip her dress up. She pulls the edges of the dress, straightens herself out. She look over at Jack Jr. who watches from his crib.     
76) 2) text: You're lucky you're a boy. DOORWAY - Dressed to go, Rachel holding the baby, looking anxiously out on the street. Suddenly, ALICE the baby-sit is there. Here she comes up the steps, opens the door. ALICE
78) 11) text: Chapman joined by two of his PHILLIE BENCH PLAYERS.
78) 16) text: CONCESSION MEN walk closer to listen. The fans range from horrified to some mildly pleased. Rachel looks stricken.    
78) 25) text: Grips the bat. Watches for the next pitch with bloody mindedness. He hacks at it, lofts a routine fly into left He's about halfway down to first when the left fielder catches it and Jack can mercifully return to the dugout. 127 RICKEY 127
78) 27) text: Jack sits down. No one says anything to him. No one comes near him as he stares ahead, trapped in a kind of void. T closest player to him is Bobby Bragan. Bragan finally manages to glance over at him, then looks quickly away. CUT TO: 129 RACHEL 129
78) 30) text: Settles back in the shadows of the dugout. Finished for n CUT TO:    
78) 45) text: Jack stalks down past the team. No one looks at him. Brag is ashamed. Dixie tries to look disinterested. Stanky and Reese exchange a helpless glance as Jack continues into: 132 THE TUNNEL 132
78) 46) text: Like a bull on his way to slaughter, he revolts. WHAM-WHA He proceeds to turn his bat into SPLINTERS. Concrete chip wood flies. Jack drops the handle of the bat, pounds his fists. Heaving for breath, framed by the empty tunnel. Ra electric, ungovernable. All the anger on display, the fur FEET SCRAPE. Jack looks up to see Rickey standing there, watching, afraid to get too much closer. JACK
78) 49) text: I'm supposed to let this go on? RICKEY
78) 52) text: You don't matter right now, Jack. You're in this thing. You don't have the right to pull out from the backing of people who believe in you, respect you and who need you. JACK
78) 54) text: If you fight, they won't say Chapman forced you to; they'll just say that you're over your head. That you belong where you are. (MORE)    
78) 60) text: Of course there is! You can stand up and hit! You can get on base and you can score! You can win this game for us! We need you as well! Everyone needs you. (a beat; exhausted) You're medicine, Jack. Rickey reaches out, touches the wall to stay standing. Ja just breathes as familiar sounds reverb down the tunnel. JACK
78) 63) text: I'm gonna need a new bat. As Jack heads back down the tunnel for the field. CUT TO:
79) 3) text: Hey, black Nigger! I know you can hear me! If you were a white boy, you know where you'd be right now?! On a bus headed down to Newport News cuz you can't play for shit! Here comes the pitch. Jack nonchalantly sticks his bat ou pokes a soft hit past second. A nothing hit, but he's standing on first. And he looks, well, ferocious in fact. As Pete Reiser steps up into the batter's box... Jack stares at Dutch Leonard. Assassin's eyes as he takes insolent, in-your-face lead off first. Dutch fires to first. Jack dives back safe! Back on his feet, he spits out a piece of grit he picked sliding back on his belly. Not bothering to dust himself off, he's turning into something elemental before our eye 135 RED BARBER 135
79) 12) text: Dutch looking to third, nodding distracted at a sign, loo back to third before... Hermanski cracks a single to left As Jack crosses the plate, he stares down Chapman on his to the dugout. As Chapman turns his head, spits -- CUT TO:
80) 1) text: You fellas are making too big a deal out of this. He scored We lost. One to nothing. REPORTER THREE
81) 0) text: Jack alone in the shower. Water beating down. Steam risin A warrior who survived another day of battle. Maybe. They say the Lord doesn't ask us to bear any more than we're a but God is cutting it pretty damn close here. He is in pa CUT TO:    
82) 3) text: When I first told you about Jackie, you were against it. Now all of a sudden you're worrying about him. How do you suppose that happened? PARROTT
82) 4) text: Well, any decent minded person -- RICKEY
82) 13) text: I'd like not to be traded, sir, if it isn't too late. RICKEY
82) 18) text: Red Sox just offered Ted Williams, but I'll see what I can do. BRAGAN
83) 0) text: Rachel waiting. Jack exits, sees her, hadn't expected her JACK
83) 1) text: You shouldn't have waited. RACHEL
83) 3) text: Give these boys time. It's a three game series. A beat between them, framed by the steel girders around t
83) 9) text: I have to watch. So our hearts don't break... Plus I already bought a scorecard. She holds it up. His name the only one filled in. RACHEL
84) 0) text: The SCOREBOARD shows 1 run scored by the Phillies in the of the first. Jack steps up to the plate. Here we go agai INSERT: April 23, 1947. The next day.  CHAPMAN
84) 1) text: Hey, porch monkey! Hey Robinson! Hey boy! You know why you're here? EDDIE STANKY
84) 9) text: Eddie Stanky having a chin wag with  his ex-teammate Chapman. Both men  masters of distraction. Eddie, of  course, from second. Chapman from  the dugout.  Stanky so mad he can't see straight. Chapman surrenders. CHAPMAN
85) 3) text: For what? You're on my team. What the hell am I supposed to do? (SOFTLY)
86) 1) text: Lord, make me an instrument of your peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love. Where there is injury, let me sow pardon. Where there is darkness, let me sow light. ‘Amens'. We see Rickey sits in the back row, the day he on him. A YOUNG GIRL turns, looks at him. Why's a white m here? Rickey smiles, puts a finger to his lips... Shhhh. CUT TO:    
87) 4) text: Pittsburgh! For cash and some I- talian outfielder named Gionfriddo! (CONSIDER HIS JOCKSTRAP)
89) 2) text: Nevertheless it must be accepted  calmly, Harold. What is it?  A headline: PLAYERS STRIKE. Parrott reads...  PARROTT 
89) 3) text: A National League players' strike  instigated by some of the St. Louis Cardinals against the presence of Negro first baseman Jackie Robinson has been averted temporarily and perhaps permanently quashed. RICKEY 
90) 0) text: Wendell Smith waits under an umbrella as the CARDINALS ge off the team bus. Smith buttonholes manager EDDIE DYER. SMITH
90) 1) text: Eddie, what's all this talk about your Cardinals refusing to play? DYER
90) 7) text: This is big league baseball, not  English tea. Couple a guys  might've popped off; it's hot air.  CUT TO: 
92) 2) text: Baseball will go on as planned once  the rain stops.  Jack eyes his bat. JACK
95) 2) text: Take your time, Robinson, you're digging your own grave. Big RED MUNGER looks in for the sign. Garagiola flashes a sign: ‘1'. Wants it inside. Here's the pitch. Inside. Jack just scoots back.    
95) 5) text: Takes a fastball in on the hands. Robinson, who is pitched to a great deal that way, uses a thicker handle bat than most hitters, just because he hits a lot of balls out on his hands.
97) 12) text: It worked. I didn't hear a thing. She tries to smiles. As the tears streak her cheeks, he leans in kisses her forehead. JACK
97) 14) text: If they knew you, they'd be ashamed. She puts her arm around him, draws that strength. JACK
98) 3) text: I don't know how you do it. Every day, from the 1st to the 9th. Myself? I could pay $100 for a suit and in twenty minutes I'd look like I fell out of bed. Even my shoes look rumpled. They watch Jack crack one high off the Schaefer Beer sign RACHEL
98) 4) text: I used to think Jack was conceited.     
98) 7) text: It was the very first thing I noticed about him. RICKEY
98) 9) text: I saw him at a UCLA football game. Even in uniform with a helmet on, his vanity was awful. It was the  way he held his hands on his hips. I hated him! (RICKEY LAUGHS)
98) 10) text: And on campus he always wore crisp white shirts and I'd think his skin is so dark, why would he do that? Then I got to know him, his pride and confidence, and I realized he was showing off his color. I was wrong. He wasn't conceited; he was  proud. Always, of who and what he  is. I'd never met another man like that. What about you? How did you meet your wife? RICKEY
98) 12) text: I wanted to apologize to you. RACHEL
98) 14) text: Everything. I can't apologize to him. He and I both knew what we were getting into. But you. A newlywed, trying to blossom a marriage under all this pressure. RACHEL
98) 17) text: Your husband has humbled me. When this all began I thought I was changing the world and that Jackie was my instrument. Can you imagine? I wish I could help him, but I'm just a spectator. RACHEL
98) 27) text: I have to be, Mr. Rickey, I'm married to a man of destiny. I can't let him down. RICKEY 
98) 28) text: If I'd met you first, I wouldn't  have looked so long for Jackie.  RACHEL 
101) 2) text: Out! Get that bus out of here!  The HOTEL MANAGER stalks over, flanked by HOTEL SECURITY. PARROTT 
101) 6) text: I mean the entire team is refused!  PARROTT 
101) 14) text: What's that supposed to mean? WALKER
101) 18) text: For what? Places like this?  Parrott alarmed at this turn of events.  WALKER 
101) 25) text: Watch your damn hand! And they're lunging at each other. Separated by Reese, Stanky, Branca and Bragan while other players hold off Shotton. Two fights about to break out at the same time. SHOTTEN
102) 0) text: Ben Chapman sits across from Herb Pennock who flips throu underlined newspaper reports. Pennock reads one: PENNOCK
102) 1) text: There is a great lynch mob among us; they go unhooded and work without rope. (looks at him) That's you, not me. (reads some more) We must remember that all this country's enemies are not beyond the frontiers of our home land. CHAPMAN
103) 3) text: Mr. Rickey thinks it's a good idea. He says it'll be in every sports page in the country. An example that'll show everyone even the most hardened man can change. JACK
103) 4) text: Chapman hasn't changed. He's just trying to take the heat off. PARROTT
103) 5) text: Mr. Rickey says it doesn't matter if he's changed. As long as it looks like he's changed. Chapman  said he'd come down here. Or meet  you in the runway.  As Jack slow burns... SMITH 
104) 1) text: Jackie's been accepted in baseball and the Philadelphia organization wish him all the luck we can. I only hope in some small way our trial of fire... helped him along. Jack looks at him: Did he just say that?    
104) 5) text: (low to Chapman) We'll hold the bat. That way we don't have to touch skin. Chapman nods, looks relieved. A photographer hands over a bat. Chapman has two hands on the handle. Jack puts one hand on the barrel, the other stays on his hip. JACK
105) 0) text: FRITZ OSTERMUELLER on the mound. He takes a long look in Jack, at his catcher KLUTTZ who flicks his thumb: ‘Hit INSERT: May 17, 1947. Pittsburgh. Here it comes. All Jack has time to do is cover his face lessen the blow. Beaned in the head, he goes down in a he Branca leads the Dodger players out onto the field. The UMPIRES move to head them off. Pirates as well. Kirby Higbe, now in a Pirate uniform, claps his hands pleased. BRANCA
106) 18) text: Of course he knows. And the FBI. They're taking a threat in Cincinnati pretty seriously. So excuse me if I'm not too shocked at you being called a carpetbagger. You should be proud of it! REESE
106) 20) text: I understand. I bet Jackie just wants to play ball. I bet he wishes he wasn't leading the league in hit by pitch. I bet he wishes people didn't want to kill him. But the world isn't so simple anymore. I'm not sure it ever was. We just, baseball ignored it. Now we can't.    
106) 26) text: Ask any man and they'll tell you that the Gillette Superspeed razor is a honey. Maybe the sweetest shaving razor you'll ever use. 166 OMITTED 166 167 OMITTED 167    
107) 6) text: Ain't gonna be a next time. All we got is right now. This right here. Know what I mean? Walker reacting out in right. The crowd shuts down, some shock at the gesture. Jack surprised also.
107) 9) text: I've got family here from Louisville. Up there somewhere. I need ‘em to know who I am.    
107) 14) text: Maybe tomorrow we'll all wear 42. That way they won't be able to tell us apart. Reese heads for short. Jack pounds his fist in his glove. CUT TO: 169 OMITTED 169 170 OMITTED 170
109) 0) text: ENOS SLAUGHTER steps in for St. Louis. Hugh Casey on the mound for Brooklyn. Slaughter looks fiercely determined.
109) 17) text: Walker at bat. Jack steps out, checks on MARION the shortstop. He takes another step out, looks to Schoendien RED BARBER 
109) 18) text: (over it all)  Munger sets. Robbie back and forth  off second. The third bag clearly  in his sights. Oh, and Munger  deals a pick off throw to Marion at  second and Robinson is out!  Marion breaks for the bag and Munger turns and fires a  strike. Marion brings down the tag -- Out!  He is and he knows it. The crowd stunned into silence. Ja frozen a moment, head down, furious with himself. Low.
110) 8) text: Get out. Let me talk to my first baseman. Go. He's getting stitched up for Pete's sake. The reporters move off for other interviews. Reporter Two hesitant to let it go, finally drifts off. Rickey watches RICKEY
110) 17) text: He was pretending he was you.  Wiping his hands on his pants,  swinging with his arms outstretched  like you do. A little white boy  pretending he was a black man.  CUT TO: 177 OMITTED 177     
111) 5) text: A fine young man. I saw him laid low. Broken because of the color of his skin and I didn't do enough to help. I told myself I did, but I didn't. The game I loved had something unfair at the heart of it. I ignored it. But a time came when I could no longer do that. (LOOKS UP)
111) 9) text: You're a force of nature, Jackie, you've complicated everything but yourself. You're changing the world, and refusing to let it change you. I for one am in awe. Jack reaches, takes the baseball from him. A beat as they consider each other. Finally, a promise...  JACK
111) 10) text: I won't get picked off second base again. Not this year. CUT TO: 179 OMITTED 179 180 OMITTED 180 181 OMITTED 181 182 OMITTED 182    
112) 0) text: It's early. Rachel watches from bed as Jack finishes packing. She looks sad. Jack looks into the cradle at Jackie Jr.. JACK
112) 10) text: That's why they're throwing the fastballs inside. He looks at her, a little shocked.    
112) 12) text: Fight those inside fastballs off, foul them back. Sooner or later they won't be able to help but throw a curve. He steps to the bed, leans over her. JACK
113) 0) text: Jack exits MacDonough Street apartment building and makes way down the street.  185 OMITTED 185    
114) 4) text: It's popped up foul toward first.  Should be out of play. But here  comes Robinson, he's coming hard --  189 OMITTED 189  190 OMITTED 190  191 OMITTED 191  192 OMITTED 192     
115) 0) text: Jack chasing down the foul, headed right for the open ste of his own dugout. He never considers the peril as he CATCHES THE BALL and his left foot comes down onto nothin BRANCA LEAPS forward, tackles Jack back onto the infield. BARBER'S VOICE
115) 1) text: He's got it! And one of the Dodgers has him!  CUT TO: 194 OMITTED 194  195 OMITTED 195 
116) 6) text: We're a team. On a hot streak. Half the wins on account of you. You're the bravest guy I ever saw. You're leading us and you're afraid to take a shower? A beat as Jack considers him. Stone-faced. BRANCA
117) 0) text: As the phone rings, Rickey grabs it. On edge. INSERT: September 16, 1947 RICKEY
117) 4) text: And eliminates the Giants and  Boston. He puts an ‘X' through Boston and the Giants. The rest the NL are already crossed out. Only the Cardinals remain At the same time, Parrott X's the same out on his noteboo    
122) 5) text: Nears second on his home run trot. Even the Pittsburgh cr starting to applaud him. CUT TO: 203 OMITTED 203
122) 7) text: Rounding second and headed for third. The weight of the world somehow lifting. They gave him one he could hit. CUT TO:    