37) 18) dialog: Ball two! Jack glaring, crowds the plate more. Bragan shows 1, taps his right thigh signalling outside. Jack watches it sail, doesn't bite. The umpire: “Ball Three!” Higbe's fun slipping away as he can't find the strike zone.
37) 29) text: Hell! You're supposed to go back to third when I step off! Don't you know nothing?! He throws over. Jack back to the bag. Higbe gets the ball back, looks in. Jack bouncing, pounding off third. His  movements carry violence within them. Like a piston  exploding in an engine.  Higbe into his motion, stops his delivery, accidentally d the ball to the ground. The umpire signals BALK, points J home. Higbe is furious.
38) 0) text: Montreal vs. Indianapolis. THE STANDS are half filled. Th COLORED SECTION is packed solid, accentuated by the many empty seats in the sections on either side of it. INSERT: De Land, Florida. No score, top of the first as -- Jack drops a BUNT down t line. The FIRST BASEMAN fields, throw to the SECOND BASEM covering. Too late. Only Jack doesn't stop. Realizing the SHORTSTOP isn't covering the bag, Jack bolt for second. The second baseman has to wait on the throw a when he makes it -- The UMPIRE signals safe. A bunt doubl Spider Jorgensen settles in the batter's box. The pitch. Crack, Jorgensen laces a single to left. Jack motors to third where Sukeforth is WAVING him home. We're with him at hip level as he tears down the basepath The CATCHER bracing for the throw - they COLLIDE - he's S As Jack gets to his feet, however, a Jim Crow POLICEMAN s up to meet him, grabs him by the shoulder. POLICEMAN
70) 7) text: You're out! Jack can't believe it. As he trots toward the dugout he looks at the umpire who looks back: I dare you to complai STANDS
78) 18) text: A fastball inside. He leaps back again. This one was even closer to hitting him. As Jack glares at Dutch... UMPIRE
101) 9) text: (last off the bus)  Hold on now, let's talk about this.  The Hotel Manager jerks his thumb like an umpire.  HOTEL MANAGER 
105) 0) text: FRITZ OSTERMUELLER on the mound. He takes a long look in Jack, at his catcher KLUTTZ who flicks his thumb: ‘Hit INSERT: May 17, 1947. Pittsburgh. Here it comes. All Jack has time to do is cover his face lessen the blow. Beaned in the head, he goes down in a he Branca leads the Dodger players out onto the field. The UMPIRES move to head them off. Pirates as well. Kirby Higbe, now in a Pirate uniform, claps his hands pleased. BRANCA