34) 0) text: The car drives down a forest road. Two barriers are lifted in front of it by Army soldiers.
36) 0) text: The record travels under Pervak's arm, past various soldi A SERGEANT and another SOLDIER stand and salute. The door opens. A frail hand carefully takes the record.
38) 0) text: The sergeant and soldier on guard outside hear the noise. sergeant does a "he's drunk" gesture.
38) 1) dialog: Should we... investigate?
40) 0) text: More time has passed. The soldiers sit there, bored. MATRYONA PETROVNA (77) arrives with tea. Knocks. The sold share a glance. A beat. She opens the door, enters...
49) 0) text: The Sergeant and soldier snap to attention, suppressing f
50) 0) text: Behind the door we hear a whimper as the soldier panics.
50) 1) dialog: Oh God... Stalin is still on the floor. Matryona is stroking his ha
59) 0) text: RED ARMY SOLDIERS with dogs patrol. Others are around, an some NKVD visible in the background. Khrushchev and Kaganovich walk along a path.
63) 0) text: 72 Lidiya follows Beria down the corridor, past the Soldier Sergeant.
65) 0) text: Kobulov hands a list to an NKVD OFFICER who salutes, take along a corridor to a SOLDIER who salutes and marches to cell. The door’s unlocked. A PRISONER is being interrogated. The soldier shoots him and leaves. The NKVD INTERROGATOR is left stunned as we h O.S a succession of unlocking doors, yells and gunshots. EXT. STALIN’S DACHA —- PERIMETER GATE - DAY 75 FIVE SOLDIERS on guard. Smoking, relaxed. An ARMY CAPTAIN watches as NKVD MEN get out of a truck. An NKVD OFFICER h the Captain some orders. Captain doesn’t like what he see One NKVD man pulls out bottles of vodka. Soldiers look to Captain, who reluctantly nods, snatch the bottles, and am into jeeps. The army leave. The NKVD are in charge.
75) 2) dialog: Sir, we have remained at our post as you ordered. Might we respectfully... Beria turns round to look at them but..
84) 0) text: The soldier and sergeant are asleep. Khrustalyov appears Pervak.
124) 0) text: A PRISONER and the NKVD Interrogator from sc 73. The cell door opens and a SOLDIER points a gun. The Interrogator m to allow a clearer shot at the Prisoner. But the Soldier shoots the Interrogator. The Prisoner’s relieved moan. Th Soldier shoots him too, and leaves. We hear O.S a success of unlocking doors, yells and double-gunshots 142 143 20 May 2016 Draft 10 95.
133) 0) text: We cut from street to street, and see them fill with peop Wider shots reveal them coming in all directions. Hordes people on narrow streets, getting very crowded. An NKVD colonel, ENTIN is having a quiet cigarette. He lo up. At the end of the street, the crowd are heading towar him. He's on a barricade made of trucks and armoured cars with turrets, manned by about 20 NKVD SOLDIERS. Entin motions for the loudhailer. It's passed to him. He addresses the crowd.
157) 0) text: Soldiers burst into the room, led by Zhukhov.
161) 0) text: Several trucks and armoured cars drive up. Soldiers leap and surround the NKVD, who raise their weapons. An army COLONEL walks over to an NKVD OFFICER. The NKVD officer gestures for the NKVD to lower their guns. The colonel hurries inside, followed by his men, guns coc
164) 0) text: Vasily lies on the bed in his ceremonial uniform, drinkin The door is opened by an NKVD OFFICER, who steps to one s An army GENERAL, a CAPTAIN and two SOLDIERS enter. The soldiers aim their rifles at Vasily.
165) 0) text: Some NKVD OFFICERS and Beria's terrified STAFF are being marched out at gunpoint by a group of soldiers. Vasily's dragged into the living room. The frightened teenage girl is hauled out of the hidden r MARIA is also taken out of another locked room.
166) 0) text: Zhukhov peeks through the curtains. The NKVD have been replaced by Red Army SOLDIERS. Zhukhov moves across to Be and stands him up. Takes off his belt.
168) 0) text: A bleak space. An improvised courtroom. On a raised stage: ROUDENKO, mid-40s in a judge's gown. N to him, Marshall KONEV. 20 May 2016 Draft 10 128. The Presidium and Committee members are there with senior PARTY AND MILITARY OFFICIALS. Armed SOLDIERS everywhere. Zhukhov, Moskalenko and Brezhnev walk Beria to the improv dock. Zhukhov removes the sack and gag.
170) 0) text: Beria’s body is hauled out by SOLDIERS. They dump it unceremoniously, douse it with petrol and set fire to it. Everyone emerges from the building, registering the burni corpse with varying levels of coolness. They’ve seen some brutal things. But Svetlana is shocked, and moves away from the group. S looks like she may throw up. Khrushchev is now the centre of gravity. Everyone wants t in orbit around him. Grim wordless exchanges. Kaganovich close