126) 1) text: And much to Hurt's surprise, there are PEOPLE. He hides i the shadows. A CEREMONY is taking place. Rachel Deigan, t pregnant girl who watched Burt drive by on his way to the Municipal Building, is there with her TWO YOUNG CHILDREN. Behind them, filling the first few pews, are a DOZEN ONLOOKERS, none of whom are older than 18. They are all watching as AMOS DEIGAN, a dark-haired boy of 19, is made ready for a very special occasion. He seems almost in a trance, and gives his wife a blissful, unseeing smile.
126) 4) text: Amos finishes the last line of the symbol. He hands the g back the knife and begins squeezing his blood into the bo When he has SEVERAL TABLESPOONS, the girl wipes the wound hands him a QUILL PEN and a SCROLL. She holds the scroll unfurled while he dips the pen in his blood and writes something down. The girl takes the pen and the scroll awa when he's done.
126) 9) text: The room is dead silent. Everyone stares at him with hate eyes, everyone except Amos. He is too blissed out. He giv Burt the same vacant look he gave his wife.
126) 10) dialog: Today's my birthday.
126) 15) dialog: But it is as it should be. As it is written.
126) 24) text: Burt looks at Amos in confusion.
126) 26) dialog: Not die. We go to Him, on the first night of our 19th year. Night is His time. 95.
130) 14) text: A PROCESSION enters the clearing. It is Amos, followed by his wife and children, escorted by candle bearing Childre the Corn. Amos steps forward, that glazed look in his eye
130) 15) dialog: I'm ready to celebrate my birthday.
135) 3) dialog: Amos has been sitting cross-legged in the clearing. Waiti Staring off into a private place. He senses the approachi force and stands up. He is smiling.
135) 4) dialog: It's Him. He's come for me. He's come to welcome me. He looks into the sky, all about, but cannot see any-thin Searching, he wanders out of the clearing and into the ro His calling fades in the wind.
135) 5) dialog: I am here, Lord. I'm ready!
135) 6) text: Whimpering and cowering like the 14- year old boy that he Isaac watches as Amos disappears into the corn.
137) 0) text: Isaac is ashen and sweating. His eyes are filled with unspeakable horror as he listens to the sound of Amos screaming just beyond him in the corn. That area of the c is being torn up by something tremendous. There are terri beastly howls around Amos' feeble screams.
137) 1) text: A SOUND OF TEARING AND BREAKING, followed by a GURGLING, quiets that area of the corn momentarily. Isaac waits and listens, straining to see. Suddenly, something is heaved into the clearing from the field. It looks like a sack, o what might once have been a body. It is wearing the remna of Amos' clothes. As it lands in a heap, it splatters blo on Isaac.