1) 1) text: The coffee shop is crowded, mostly with ADULTS but also w A HALF DOZEN BOYS between the ages of 15 and 18. The two waitresses, SALLY and MARIE HANSEN, are about 17. They ar being kept quite busy.
1) 2) text: Four of the boys are crowded around a video MACHINE. They keeping very much to themselves.
1) 5) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS JOB'S FATHER as he walks across the room t the pay phone. We never see him fully, only the fact that is very average and non-descript. As he passes the four boys at the machine, one of them lo up and follows him with his eyes. This is WILLIAM RENFREW
5) 0) text: The straw slips out of Job's mouth. He is frightened to d of the vision before him but he can't take his eyes off o Isaac. Few, if any, of the adults in the room take notice but the boys by the Pac Man do.
5) 7) text: All of whom have been drinking coffee, begin to gag and choke. They lurch forward out of their seats, gasping for breath as they fall. THE FOUR Boys All whip out hooks, knives, scythes and other deadly WEAP They block the door.
24) 1) text: A CIRCLE OF CHILDREN tightens around Joseph. They begin humming in an eerie, atonal way. A HAND grips Joseph's ha and jerks his head back. The boy's eyes widen, a look of sheer terror coming over him. Malachai raises a cornhuske knife over him. The humming increases in intensity.
35) 0) text: Joseph's body lies face down, turned away from Burt, who kneels beside it. He puts his hand to the boy's neck, fee for a pulse, and is confused when he withdraws his hand.
42) 11) text: Sarah giggles deliriously while Job counts off the spaces with his piece, THE COWBOY ON HORSEBACK. He purposely miscounts and places his player on GO. Sarah catches him immediately. She moves the piece back to its rightful pla on Boardwalk.
74) 0) text: The arm of someone living is holding up a corncob crucifi CAMERA PULLS BACK and WE FIND OURSELVES at another religi gathering. There are about 50 BOYS AND GIRLS between the ages of 8 and 18, along with SEVERAL NEWBORN INFANTS. Everyone is dressed in black or gray except Isaac, who is one holding aloft the crucifix. The group is humming that bizarre chant we’ve now come to associate with them.
83) 2) text: The car now passes a BRICK BUILDING. This sign on the yellowed, patchy, front door reads: PUBLIC LIBRARY. With luck it contains 500 books. TWO BOYS rise slowly froma crouched position by the side of it. They watch the passi t-bird intently.
89) 0) text: The boys, both around 12, dart off, leaving the door open Burt dashes out after them, several steps ahead of Vicky, isn't quick enough to catch them
90) 0) text: It lurches forward in the direction the boys ran.
91) 0) text: There's no sign of the boys. No sign of anyone. Up ahead see the main part of town. There's a REXALL, a FIVE & DIM the GRACE BAPTIST CHURCH with its towering steeple, and n to that, the three-story GATLIN MUNICIPAL BUILDING.
108) 0) text: The house in which are Vicky and Sarah. A BLACK HAT COMES INTO FRAME, and then the body of the BOY wearing it. He i dressed in the black, cloth uniform we have seen. CAMERA WIDENS TO INCLUDE more than A DOZEN COMPANIONS. They are oldest boys we have seen, between 15 and 18 years old, an some of them are pretty big. All of them are scary. They have a hungry, lethal glint in their eyes. They've formed big semi-circle around Malachai, and they're humming thei weird song as they close in. All are armed.
109) 4) text: CAMERA LINGERS on the window as Burt exits. Slowly, one b one, THREE BOYS, all crowned in BLACK RIMMED HATS, look i us and scan the now vacant office. They hold a brief, whispered conversation and then duck OUT OF VIEW.
110) 0) text: Shadows are beginning to fall across Gatlin as the sun is getting low. 80. The ominous circle of boys moving towards the house has broken up into two's and three's. A few are at the front door, which is locked.
113) 0) text: Vicky runs into the bedroom SCREAMING AT THE TOP OF HER LUNGS. She slams the door and frantically pulls a CHEST O DRAWERS against it just as the first wave of boys arrives Their initial charge is dulled by the unexpected weight o the furniture, but it is obvious they won't be stopped. Vicky, still screaming, pushes against the door with all might. A HATCHET blasts through, cutting her arm and splintering the wood. Vicky screams again and clutches at arm.
113) 1) text: The door gives way and the boys, like giant black rats, p into the room. Vicky picks up a lamp and throws it at the Sarah remains seated on the floor, frozen, staring fearfu at the proceedings. 83.
122) 2) text: Suddenly, he's jumped by SEVERAL TEENAGE BOYS. They beat unconscious with ax handles, but not until after a fierce struggle. During the melee, his shirt is ripped and the piece of paper falls to the ground.
122) 3) text: After the boys have dragged their unconscious victim away figure steps into the barn and picks up the paper. It is Job.
126) 1) text: And much to Hurt's surprise, there are PEOPLE. He hides i the shadows. A CEREMONY is taking place. Rachel Deigan, t pregnant girl who watched Burt drive by on his way to the Municipal Building, is there with her TWO YOUNG CHILDREN. Behind them, filling the first few pews, are a DOZEN ONLOOKERS, none of whom are older than 18. They are all watching as AMOS DEIGAN, a dark-haired boy of 19, is made ready for a very special occasion. He seems almost in a trance, and gives his wife a blissful, unseeing smile.
126) 20) text: Several of the OLDER BOYS in the congregation walk forwar Burt eyes them aggressively and they hesitate. He goes ba to the scroll.
126) 28) text: The BOY who ran out for Malachai bursts back in.
126) 29) dialog: Malachai comes.
127) 4) text: Burt runs and runs, turning errantly whichever street or presents itself. Finally, he has to stop for breath. He quickly finds himself surrounded by a HALF DOZEN BOYS, al them armed.
127) 5) text: Burt stares them down, turning all around so that he can if and when any of them make their move. The boys are cautious. Burt is at least ten years older than the oldes of them, and he isn't any pushover. He is a wounded, desperate, adult and the boys sense this.
127) 7) text: One of them charges Burt and swings a sickle. Burt blocks and knees him in the groin. 97. As the boy doubles over, Burt pounds him between the shou blades, sending him to the ground. Burt will make ingenio use of his medical knowledge before this day is over. He picks up the sickle and swings it, just in time to send t more attackers scurrying backwards.
127) 12) text: Some of the taller boys follow him, others stream around the front entrance. ANGLE - ROOF OF MUNICIPAL BLDG. Burt climbs to the roof from the top of the fire escape. runs across it and without stopping, jumps to
127) 25) text: The boys are coming and it's time for Burt to flee. He ru past more houses. He's about to run back into the cornfie when somebody calls to him.
127) 29) text: Burt looks back and sees the alternative. He decides to chance it and runs after the boy.
127) 32) text: Job leads Burt to a pair of outside cellar doors, one of which is open. The little boy runs down them like the whi Rabbit. Burt follows like Alice.
129) 0) text: In the dim light of a KEROSENE LAMP, Burt finds himself i homemade bomb shelter. It is a 30 x 30 room packed with supplies - cots, food (canned and dried), medical supplie books, tools, etc - everything a "survivalist" would stoc for about three months. Sarah is sitting at a small table staring at Burt. She is in her "adult" costume also. Burt scans the room with his eyes, finally coming back to the little boy in the strange outfit who says ecstatically:
130) 0) text: The sun is low in the sky. It will be dusk in less than a hour. Isaac and Malachai are having a heated discussion. Malachai's leg is bleeding through ban-dages. Vicky, now unconscious, is still up on the cross next to The Blue Ma There are about A DOZEN BOYS present. They listen intentl to the argument. 101.
130) 9) text: ISAAC(cont 'd) Disobedience to me is disobedience to Him, He Who Walks Behind the Rows, and He will slay you with a thousand times a thousand deaths each more horrible than the last!!! Isaac's words fall on deaf ears, or at least changed mind The boys gather around Malachai, not to seize him but to accept him as their new leader. Malachai accepts the role matter-of-factly.
135) 6) text: Whimpering and cowering like the 14- year old boy that he Isaac watches as Amos disappears into the corn.
138) 4) text: Vicky has run to the barn. Burt is trying to catch up to but the circle of boys has closed around him. He lashes o with the pipe, scattering some of them in front, but sudd his knees go out from under him as Malachai tackles him f behind. They roll in the dirt, Malachai pressing down wit his knife while Burt tries to resist him with his left, h The boys do not intercede, sensing this is Malachai's fig They are also a bit intimidated by Burt. He's the first "man" many of them have had to deal with in some time.
138) 5) text: Burt bucks Malachai with his leg, giving himself-;just en time and room to swat him across the face with the pipe. 110. Malachai goes over on his back and Burt is instantly on t of him. He whacks the knife out of the boy's hand, then g him by the throat with his right hand (the bad shoulder s and raises the pipe over his head. He is completely in control of his dazed adversary. Malachai's life is in his hands.
138) 6) text: Burt hesitates. He looks around at the circle of boys. Th don't know what to do. Burt's eyes are white hot with accusation.
138) 8) text: SEVERAL OF THE BOYS runs away, so frightened are they by "declaration" from the cornfield. Burt rises to his feet, staring out at the darkness in awe and wonder. He forgets about Malachai, which is a mistake, and begins instinctiv to move towards the barn for Vicky.
138) 9) text: Malachai scrambles to his knees. He looks at the remainin boys.
138) 17) text: Isaac catches up to Malachai, hissing and growling like a animal as he leaps upon him. Malachai buries his knife up the hilt in Isaac's chest, but it doesn't even faze the smaller "boy." Isaac is already long since dead. He drags Malachai back into the corn with irresistible strength. Malachai's screams echo through the town.
143) 10) text: The monster starts towards the boy.
143) 17) text: Job emerges from the cornfield. He hands the flaming Molo cocktail to Burt, who is so happy to see him that he forg himself for a moment. He looks at the boy, and then incredulously at the bomb.