8) 2) text: Morning light filters through the curtains of the room, w is a standard DOUBLE OCCUPANCY. There are a couple of suitcases lying around, some clothes scattered about, and STEVEN KING PAPERBACK on the night table. BURT STANTON, a attractive young man of 28, is lying in bed fast asleep.
8) 3) text: Someone is sneaking through the room towards Burt. We do see who it is, but there is a sense of danger counter poi by the peacefulness of the sleeping figure. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY, STEADILY, TOWARDS BURT.
8) 7) text: Burt jumps up with a start. His girlfriend VICKY BAXTER i foot away from him shouting and blowing a party-blower in face. The feathered end of it unfurls and tickles his fac Vicky is about Burt's age, wearing a sexy, flimsy nightgo and a party hat. She throws her arms around her frightene lover.
8) 13) dialog: But honey, how...I thought your last paycheck....
8) 18) text: Burt pulls her close and kisses her tenderly.
8) 19) dialog: Oh Vick.... After the kiss she reaches for a small CASSETTE PLAYER an punches the button. The mischievous smile returns to her face as she straightens up and prepares to serenade him. BARRY WHITE, singing LOVE DOCTOR, begins to play. Vicky silently mouths the words in a wonderfully ridiculous caricature. Burt starts laughing and Vicky can't keep a straight face. Burt hits her with a pillow affectionately 10. A KNOCK AT THE DOOR INTERRUPTS THEM.
8) 20) text: Vicky makes no move to answer the door. In fact, she look as if it's completely unexpected. Burt, still in his unde shorts, walks over.
8) 21) dialog: Yes?
8) 24) text: Forgetting he's wearing only his under shorts, Burt opens door and faces the bell girl. She makes no move to enter instead starts singing HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
8) 25) dialog: Is obviously attracted to her, almost to the exclusion of Vicky, who arranged the whole thing. He stares at the you woman, waiting for her to finish.
9) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are on the road in the blue T-bird. The ba seat is filled with CLOTHES, SPORTING EQUIPMENT, A COOLER PAPER BAGS, etc., and empty FAST FOOD CONTAINERS AND WRAP are threatening to overflow from a garbage bag and the ashtray.
9) 1) dialog: (Contrite) C'mon, honey. You're making something out of nothing.
9) 3) dialog: How would you like to be standing around in your underwear while some cute guy sang you happy birthday?
9) 5) dialog: I know what you're thinking. You put me through med school, I'm on my way out to a good internship position in California, and now maybe I don't need Vicky so much anymore. Right? Her silence answers affirmative.
9) 6) dialog: Wrong. I still need Vicky as much as I always have, and I love her very much. Maybe I'm not as ready to settle down as you are, but that doesn't mean I love you any less. Got it?
9) 8) dialog: Good. Welcome to Nebraska. Vicky looks out the window.
14) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are bored and quiet, lost in separate thoughts.
16) 1) dialog: So now we know. The back roads are even less interesting than the highway. Vicky smiles sympathetically. She reaches for the radio.
16) 4) dialog: Hallelujah!
16) 16) dialog: No room for the college graduate! No room for people who watch public television!
16) 18) dialog: Amen!
19) 0) text: Burt gets out. Vicky remains inside but the windows are o
19) 2) dialog: Corn looks a little dry.
19) 4) dialog: Better not. It leads to insanity. 18. He walks up to the wall of corn. It's imposing, and it st him.
19) 7) dialog: No. Be back in a sec. He starts to go into the field.
19) 8) text: The corn rustles ever so slightly in front of him, but th is no breeze. Burt stops like he's just walked into a wal of glass.
19) 9) dialog: (to Vicky) Did you see that???
19) 12) dialog: I guess it was nothing.
19) 14) dialog: (not convinced) Yeah. 19. With a hint of apprehension, he submerges into the field. swallows him instantly.
21) 3) dialog: is standing in the corn listening to that rustling. Somet touches his shoulder and he whips around. A CORNSTALK is leaning on him. As he shoves it aside, A CORN LEAF pokes neck. Burt is starting to get agitated. He begins to RUN.
23) 0) text: Burt is still running. The corn seems to be rustling all around him, but that might be from the commotion he's mak He shoves ears and stalks and leaves out of his way frantically. SUDDENLY...
23) 3) dialog: Vicky!
23) 6) dialog: Let’s get out of here.
23) 8) dialog: I just got turned around a little. But let’s go. 21.
23) 13) text: Burt gets in and the T-bird drives away.
25) 0) text: Safe within the car, Burt and Vicky have calmed down considerably. 22.
25) 1) dialog: I don't know what came over me. I never had claustrophobia before.
25) 3) dialog: It sure could’ve been that. I’m even ready to get back on the highway.
30) 0) text: Vicky and Burt are studying the map, which partially obsc their view through the windshield. Vicky is pointing.
30) 2) dialog: Where's this "Gatlin" we've been seeing signs for?
30) 4) dialog: It has to be... Something causes Vicky to look up. ANGLE — VICKY Shock, then horror, registers on her face. She's speechle for a beat.
32) 2) dialog: Burt jerks his head up, sees the boy, hits the brakes and goes into a swerve all in one motion.
32) 3) dialog: 
34) 0) text: Burt is fighting the wheel. The tires are still screechin Vicky is one long, piercing scream. As the car comes toa shuddering, quivering halt, she is thrown face first into windshield. Burt, wearing his seatbelt, goes forward and sharply. There's silence except for the sound of the idli motor.
34) 1) text: Burt moves quickly. He rips off his seatbelt and cradles Vicky in his arms, examining the nasty bruise that has already formed on her cheekbone.
34) 2) dialog: Are you alright??? Can you feel my hand??? Vicky hasn't really composed herself yet. She's whimperin softly. Burt runs his hand over her face.
34) 3) dialog: There's a contusion and swelling. It doesn't feel like anything’s broken.
34) 5) dialog: I've got to go back there. You stay here and sit quietly. Don't move.
34) 7) text: Burt gathers himself quickly and bolts from the car.
35) 0) text: Joseph's body lies face down, turned away from Burt, who kneels beside it. He puts his hand to the boy's neck, fee for a pulse, and is confused when he withdraws his hand.
35) 2) text: Burt turns the body over. It flops boneless, lifelessly, its back. The eyes are open and we can see very plainly t Joseph's throat has been cut from ear to ear.
35) 5) dialog: Oh yeah.
35) 6) text: Vicky turns away suddenly and gags. Burt rushes to her.
35) 8) dialog: Vick, there's something terribly wrong here. I want you to get in the car and wait for me, and keep the doors locked no matter what.
35) 10) dialog: I'll tell you when I get back. Just do what I say. Vicky is alarmed, both by what he isn't telling her and w he is.
35) 12) dialog: I have to get the body. And I want to look at something.
35) 14) dialog: Vicky! Please! She debates for a beat, then slips into the car. terribly shaken and pale.
35) 15) text: Burt opens the trunk and rearranges things to make room. He takes out a BLANKET, then turns and looks back at the body, and also takes out a TIRE IRON.
35) 17) dialog: Walks over to the mangled portion of the cornfield where Joseph exited. He studies the twisted, broken and blood- covered stalks. All of his senses are alert.
35) 19) text: Burt makes a decision. He checks the car, looks all aroun and finally, tentatively, walks into the corn-field.
39) 0) text: He is kneeling by the suitcase. HE HEARS THE CAR HORN but doesn't respond immediately; perhaps thinking she is just getting impatient. The suitcase is in a clearing. There i much blood here, still fresh. The suitcase is splattered it. Suddenly, the corn begins to rustle in that weird way again. Burt looks up at the towering stalks. They seem to be closing in on him. 28.
40) 5) text: Someone grabs her from behind and she whirls with a start finding herself face to face with Burt. She aborts anothe scream when she sees who it is.
40) 6) dialog: Vicky! She stares at him, all the trauma beginning to be too muc for her. Burt realizes this. He puts down the suitcase an shakes her.
40) 7) dialog: VICKY!! VICKY!!! Get a hold on yourself! She flings herself at him. Burt holds her closely.
40) 11) dialog: (gentle, compassionate) It's alright. Everything's going to be alright. I'm here now. But the look on his face tells us he isn't quite convince himself. He hands Vicky the suitcase.
40) 12) dialog: Take this. Come on, we’1ll go back to the car. I’ve got to get the body.
40) 14) text: Vicky takes the suitcase. Burt goes to the body, securing blanket under it. They walk grimly to the car
40) 15) text: Vicky waits while Burt puts the body in the trunk along with the tire iron, which he's had tucked into his belt. Vicky hands him the suitcase in the front seat. He and Vi get in quickly.
43) 0) text: Aftershock. Burt is driving. Very fast. Vicky is still reeling from the imagined (?) encounter with Joseph. She becoming hysterical again.
43) 2) dialog: You must have taken the blanket off and looked at him.
43) 4) dialog: Vicky, you must have. Otherwise how could you know? When I got there the blanket was covering him. 33.
43) 6) dialog: Uh... Umm... About his throat.
43) 8) dialog: How could you know that his throat was cut unless you lifted the blanket and looked? He’s beginning to wonder that himself. Could Joseph have risen up the way she described? It’s too farfetched for B but it chills him. Vicky is horrified.
43) 10) dialog: Don’t do it, Vicky. Don’t even think it. You’ve had a traumatic experience. You’re in shock. Now you’ve got to get a grip on yourself.
43) 12) dialog: It didn’t. He looks at her grimly, allowing her to figure out for herself just how the boy died.
45) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are trying to make some sense of it all. Joseph's suitcase is on the seat between them.
45) 2) dialog: He wasn’t that young. About 18 I'd say.
45) 4) dialog: Not a wound like that. His throat was cut ear to ear. That was deliberate. He was already dead when I...when he stumbled into the road.
45) 7) dialog: Possibly. Blood starts to coagulate in four minutes, and the blood on the corn, even on the suitcase, was still fresh by the time I got to it.
45) 9) dialog: I couldn't leave it there. Besides, I thought it might hold some clue.
45) 11) dialog: No. Let's just get to a phone. Ora house. Or something for God's sakes. Even a trucker with a CB.
45) 13) dialog: We should be hitting this place Gatlin pretty soon.
45) 15) dialog: We may never know.
45) 17) dialog: I guess it won't hurt to look. 37. Vicky immediately turns it around so that the locks are facing her. She reacts to all the blood.
45) 19) dialog: Maybe we can get some news. He hits the button just as Vicky gets the latches unlatch and starts to open the suitcase. Suddenly:
45) 23) dialog: I have enough of this shit.
47) 2) dialog: What is it? 38. She extracts and holds up for him to see A CORNCOB CRUCIF THE CHRIST FIGURE is done in raised relief, the kernels around it having been picked out. The cob has been cut in half lengthwise and notched at the top into a cross. It's monstrous corruption.
47) 3) dialog: Jesus!
47) 5) dialog: That's an authentic American Primitive.
47) 7) dialog: Hallelujah.
49) 0) text: Burt drives over to where CHESTER DIEHL is working on a 6 CHEVY PICK-UP.
49) 1) dialog: (the crucifix) Better put that away. No need to involve this guy. Vicky nods gravely in agreement. Burt touches her cheek gently. 39.
49) 2) dialog: Everything'11 be alright The look in her eyes wants to believe him, and almost doe Burt exits the car.
50) 0) text: Chester withdraws from the bowels of the pick-up. He's in late 60's, slow-moving and looks like an old prospector. bib overalls are stained with grease and his eyes are magnified tremendously by his thick glasses. He walks towards Burt. So does SARGE, an old HOUND DOG who barks a friendly greeting and jumps up on Burt. The dog's tail is wagging.
50) 2) text: Sarge's collar has a cold can of OLD MILWAUKEE BEER attac to it where a Saint Bernard would have a keg. The dog bac off at Diehl's command. Burt pets him.
50) 3) dialog: Next time, Sarge... (to Diehl) What I really need is...
50) 5) dialog: Oh. No, I...
50) 7) dialog: That's alright. I just wanted to...
50) 9) dialog: Telephone! I just want to use the phone I... 40. Diehl starts to reply but Burt knows what's coming and be him to it.
50) 10) dialog: Don't got no phone.
50) 11) text: Burt looks to Vicky. Burt sighs heavily. Diehl takes a closer look at the stranger. Diehl squeals at Burt.
50) 12) dialog: He sees the flecks of dried blood on Burt's hands and clothes.
50) 17) dialog: What about Gatlin?
52) 2) dialog: Diehl is definitely worried about something, and not only Sarge, on whom he's keeping a close watch.
52) 4) dialog: What do you mean 'nothing for you in Gatlin?
52) 6) dialog: The corn in front of Sarge is waving vigorously in the "wind." 42.
52) 9) dialog: (sarcastic) Well thanks a lot. You've been a real help. Diehl watches as he gets back into the t-bird.
52) 10) text: Diehl is standing in front of the car, torn between apologizing to Burt and wanting to get back to Sarge.
52) 13) dialog: Why? You have time to fix it for me? He's letting the old man know that he knows something is wrong here.
52) 15) dialog: In Hemingford. Diehl nods affirmative with smile, then looks for Sarge. What he sees alarms him. He goes running towards the dog. 43.
53) 0) text: Burt pulls out of the station just a bit too fast. Someth about Diehl has agitated him.
53) 1) dialog: Either that guy was terrified of something, or he's been out in the sun too long.
57) 2) dialog: Smart kid. He must've figured he might have to sleep out a night or two. Vicky holds up a COLLEGE T-SHIRT with the NEBRASKA CORNHUSKERS and number 19 emblazoned on front. The though of it makes her start crying again. 44.
57) 4) dialog: Might have been...
59) 0) text: Burt and Vicky consider the road through the windshield.
59) 1) dialog: This has to go to Gatlin. Every sign we've seen has been for Gatlin and none for Hemingford. We can't be more than a mile away.
59) 3) dialog: That crazy old coot. I can't believe there isn't a public phone in an entire town, I don't care how small it is.
61) 0) text: The car comes to the top of a rise and Burt and Vicky are treated to a panorama of..MORE CORN. Burt puts on the bra
61) 1) dialog: Something's wrong. That last sign said Gatlin was one mile.
61) 3) dialog: It's got to be around here some- where.
61) 5) dialog: Because it's silly to go nineteen miles when you only need to go one. It's worse than silly. It's suspicious.
61) 7) dialog: And a broken headlight with blood on it. He proceeds on. 50 yards ahead is another left turn.
61) 8) dialog: Okay, let's try this one. He turns onto yet a smaller road. They are going deeper a deeper into the corn.
65) 0) text: Both Burt and Vicky are nervous now, spooked and disorien Both speak with a frantic edge in their voices.
65) 2) dialog: It's got to be! We made a left and a left! They drive on further. Burt is intense, speaking to calm himself as well as Vicky.
65) 3) dialog: These roads are straight. No curves. If anything, this one has to let us out by the station. Vicky doesn't answer. 49.
65) 4) text: They come to a wall of corn where the road ends in a perpendicular T. Burt squeals the brakes and he and Vicky hear things toppling in the trunk.
65) 6) dialog: It was just my golf bag.
65) 8) dialog: What do you mean 'Am I sure?! Of course I'm sure!
65) 10) dialog: Vicky! He looks at the road in front, then behind them, trying t gauge their direction. He decides to go left again.
66) 0) text: We can tell from the way the tires screech that Burt is a who is quickly losing control. The car fish-tails into th turn.
69) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are silent. They come to another T. Burt h the brakes, suddenly coming to the realization that the c is his adversary. 51.
69) 2) dialog: Stop it, Vicky! We will too!
69) 4) dialog: Right back where we started.
69) 7) dialog: I told you. They continue along, picking up speed.
70) 0) text: The t-bird comes hurtling TOWARDS THE CAMERA. As it fills the frame, it slows to a. halt. Burt and Vicky sit motionless, staring in disbelief at something that is BEH THE CAMERA.
70) 1) text: The car doors open on both sides. Burt and Vicky get out move towards something OFF SCREEN. Their expressions show bewilderment and revulsion.
70) 3) dialog: stare at it, comprehending only on a subliminal level. Vicky.is cringing, beyond words. Burt steps forward. He looks at Vicky.
70) 5) text: Burt walks over to her. He has found a reservoir of stren in all this horror. He rejects Vicky's obvious fatalism.
70) 6) dialog: We're going back to that gas station. I want some answers, and I think that old man as them. We’re driving in circles. Let’s go back. Vicky gazes at him blankly; a frightened, hopeless look a her.
71) 1) text: Burt gets out of the car resolutely but stays near it for safety. He scans all around. There's no sign of Chester, Sarge, or anyone else.
71) 2) dialog: Hey! Old Timer! Nothing. He reaches in through the window and hits the ho
71) 3) dialog: I want to speak to you! Still no reply, unless the very loud silence counts.
71) 4) dialog: (to Vicky) He's got to be around here some- where. 53.
71) 5) text: Burt walks over to the pick-up. He looks inside the cab then notices the hood is ajar, mostly down but with six inches of gap. Reflexively, he goes to lift it but before does...
71) 8) text: Burt forgets the hood (and under it, Sarge's head) and wa around the side of the station to the door marked MEN. He knocks on it.
71) 9) dialog: Hello? Anybody in there? Nothing. He tries the handle but it's locked. He walks ba towards the front office. Vicky meets him.
71) 10) dialog: How about you wait in the car.
71) 12) dialog: Alright. But stay behind me. And keep your eyes open. They head for the office, Burt leading the way.
72) 0) text: Burt and Vicky enter the office. It is exactly as it was we saw Diehl in p.t except for one, glaring incongruity. THERE IS CORN EVERYWHERE. Ears, leaves, stalks and silk} piled on the desk, stuffed in the water cooler, heaped in garbage pail, etc. It is macabre, eerie. Vicky gasps; Bur tightens.
72) 1) text: Burt puts his face up to the glass window on the door tha separates the office from the garage bay. 54. The bay is dark inside, and Burt had to wipe the dirt off window to see what little he can do. INT. GARAGE BAY - OFFICE DOOR - CAMERA’S POV The door between the bay and the office opens and, after brief hesitation, Burt and Vicky enter the dim room. It i illuminated from light coming from the outside and the office, but shadows fall everywhere.
72) 2) text: Burt AND Vicky enter cautiously, making as little noise a possible. They look around. The place is a mess, having been torn apart during Diehl’s struggle wit the Children. Only THE MERCURY remains untouched, an island of stabilit amidst the destruction. Burt and Vicky move towards it.
72) 3) text: Vicky’s elbow hits a HUBCAP on a WORKBENCH. It falls to t floor with a loud CLATTER! She and Burt jump simultaneous stifling their alarm the instant they realize what it is.
72) 4) text: The reach the Mercury. Burt peers inside. INT. MERCURY - BURT’S POV Nothing. A nice red interior, an empty pack of Camels and loaded ashtray, but no bodies, bogeymen or Chester Diehl.
72) 5) text: Vicky taps him on the shoulder. She points to a corn leaf protruding on a funny angle from the underneath the car. Burt kneels down and looks under the car. It is piled wit corn, which he tries to pull out but can’t.
72) 6) text: Burt gets up the dust off his pants. Vicky looks at him quizzically. He doesn’t say anything, instead goes over t the LIFT CONTROL and pushes down the lever.
77) 1) dialog: We should’ve come this way the first time.
77) 3) dialog: I don’t know. Hopefully the police will be able to figure that out. They drove for a moment. Vicky begins to giggle. Burt loo at her with even more concern. The giggle is a stream tha turns into a river. She presses her hand to her mouth, trying to suppress a hysterical laughter, a laughter of catharsis and relief.
77) 4) dialog: What are you laughing at?
79) 0) text: Vicky's laughter is subsiding, but slowly. She's had a mu needed belly laugh. Burt doesn't really think it's funny, he's glad Vicky does.
79) 2) dialog: What's that?
79) 4) dialog: Honey, are you sure you're alright? She finally stops laughing, but dabs her eyes with a tiss
81) 0) text: As Vicky and Burt get their first glimpse of the town.
81) 1) dialog: Looks like a swingin' place. 61. EXT. GiATLIN - BURT & VICKY'S POV - DAY We get our first full glimpse of the town. It's in a dip the bottom of a hill. There's ONE MAIN STREET, a few cros streets, A PARK in the center and a few dusty elms. Just sleepy little town dozing in the summer sun.
82) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are checking out the town. There's a quiet tense apprehension about it that they share.
85) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are feeling more and more apprehensive. There's obviously something wrong here. Burt is going ver slowly, almost reluctant to proceed further into this pla 62.
85) 1) dialog: I guess nobody told them we were coming.
85) 3) dialog: Ah, hell, they're probably all out under a tent somewhere singing Praise The Lord. Vicky isn't convinced.
87) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are checking it out.
87) 1) dialog: Let's see if there's a phone.
87) 3) text: As Burt and Vicky enter. The door closing behind them muffles a sound from the kitchen.
87) 6) dialog: Nothing. Not even a dial tone.
88) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are about to leave when they hear a NOISE the kitchen. Burt starts towards the kitchen door but Vic grabs him.
88) 2) dialog: Why not? It might be somebody.
88) 4) dialog: Vicky, you're really spooked. Come on, take it easy.
88) 6) dialog: Alright. But at least let's look around some more. There's got to be somebody. And just as they turn towards the front door, Burt spots two "somebodys" messing with the car. They've got the doo open and are trying to sneak in.
88) 7) dialog: Hey! Get away from that car! 64.
89) 0) text: The boys, both around 12, dart off, leaving the door open Burt dashes out after them, several steps ahead of Vicky, isn't quick enough to catch them
89) 1) dialog: See that? Just like "back home. Leave your car for two minutes and look what happens. He hurries back to the driver's side and gets in.
89) 2) dialog: Get in. I don't want to lose them. She follows him into the car quickly.
90) 2) dialog: Ask them where I can find some help. What else? (beat) Damn! Where'd they go?
91) 2) dialog: But we've found people.
91) 4) dialog: There is something strange about this place. After the way the old man acted...
91) 6) dialog: Maybe you're right. We might be better off in a larger town anyway. He makes a U-turn in the middle of the street and starts heading out of town. Something stops him OFF SCREEN.
91) 7) dialog: Over there!
91) 9) dialog: I saw a door open and close. That house.
91) 11) dialog: Let's check it out.
91) 13) dialog: Yeah, but if we know somebody's here....
91) 15) dialog: Vick...Settle down. This is not a lab experiment, we don’t need all the answers... He starts driving towards the house. 65. 66.
91) 17) dialog: I'm not. I saw the door swing open. A quick look. It can't hurt. Vicky doesn't answer him. They pull up in front of the house.
92) 0) text: Burt is up the steps to the porch in two bounds. Vicky ta longer. She's nervous and sullen. Only a SCREEN DOOR separates them from the inside. Burt shouts through it.
92) 1) dialog: Hello? Anybody home? He bangs on the frame a few times.
92) 2) dialog: Hello? We've had an accident. we'd like to use your telephone.
92) 5) dialog: Precisely. And all we want to do is use their phone. He enters the house. Reluctantly, Vicky follows.
93) 2) text: Burt and Vicky look at each other. Neither likes the feel about this place.
93) 3) dialog: I’1l check the back. CAMERA FOLLOWS BURT behind the staircase and into the kitchen.
94) 0) text: In disrepair and disuse, like the rest of the house, it d contain one item of interest to Burt. A TELEPHONE. He gra the receiver and raises it, but never gets a chance to di
94) 3) dialog: I found a phone.
94) 5) dialog: Back door was open too. Whoever I saw must've slipped out. Probably one of those kids I chased off.
94) 7) dialog: Now, now.
94) 10) dialog: Okay, I surrender. We're going. He moves towards the front door under her triumphant star conceding tacitly her right to be annoyed. They're about leave when A FLOORBOARD CREAKS above, They hear it and FR simultaneously.
94) 13) dialog: (whispering) Come on, Vick! Don't you want to know who it is? Why they're hiding from us? This whole thing is so bizarre.
94) 15) text: Burt slinks up the staircase like a cat stalking an unsuspecting bird. ANOTHER NOISE, FOLLOWED BY FOOT-STEPS. stops and looks at Vicky.
94) 18) text: Burt gets to the first landing. He checks ahead -the stai now reverse direction - then looks back at Vicky one last time. He is visibly more tense now. He's starting to swea and his breath quickens. He takes a step forward, and cre a floorboard himself. It freezes him to the spot. After a beat, he continues.
94) 20) text: Burt steps on another loose board. It CREAKS VERY LOUDLY. Anybody waiting for him has to know where he is by that o He sucks in a breath. MORE FOOTSTEPS FROM ABOVE.
94) 21) text: Burt is at the top landing between the two bedrooms. He l into one of them, then disappears into it.
96) 0) text: Burt stops dead in his tracks, finding himself staring do an equally frightened and surprised Sarah. Vicky enters t bedroom a BEAT later. Burt begins to laugh. Vicky joins h They laugh almost as hard as Vicky did in the car when sh saw the signs outside Gatlin, but they stop themselves wh they realize how frightened the child is.
96) 1) dialog: I'm sorry. Don't be afraid. we didn't mean to scare you. Sarah is staring at them like they're from another planet She warms to Vicky, though.
96) 5) dialog: Are you alone here, Sarah? She doesn't answer. 71.
96) 7) dialog: You just come here to play? Sarah looks down at the floor. Her record finishes and sh takes it off the turntable.
96) 8) text: Burt notices the manila paper and crayons next to her, registering the connection to the terrible pictures he's seen. He says nothing for the moment.
96) 14) dialog: Well, are they working? Or are they having some kind of meeting?
96) 16) dialog: Isaac? Who's Isaac? Sarah shrugs defensively. She doesn't want to answer.
96) 19) dialog: Leader of what?
96) 23) dialog: While the conversation continues in the B.G. we watch as looks out the window and sees something that bewilders hi
100) 0) text: Burt rubs his eyes and accepts the possibility that stres getting to him. He walks back to Vicky.
100) 4) dialog: We're not getting anywhere with this, Vick.
100) 6) dialog: I tell you what, then. You stay here with her. I want to go look in that municipal building.
100) 8) dialog: Why? Because we've got a double murder to report and we're standing here with a pint sized version of Catherine the Great trying to make sense out of what happened to all the people in this town.
100) 10) dialog: I know. Maybe you're right. She's all we have for the moment anyway. At least let's not lose track of her.
100) 12) dialog: If they do, you just bring them over to the car and hit the horn. I'll keep an eye open. He kisses her lightly and heads for the door. The reality his departure suddenly makes Vicky nervous.
100) 14) dialog: For who?
100) 16) dialog: Yeah. Weird, but safe. He smiles, and is gone.
101) 0) text: Burt closes the front door, the wooden one behind the scr and makes sure it's locked securely. He gets into the car 75.
104) 3) dialog: 
105) 0) text: Burt pulls up in front of the building. He climbs the ste to a pair of WOODEN DOORS. There's A DRIFT OF CORN HUSKS the top step and another CORNCOB CRUCIFIX hung on each of doors. Burt looks at these thoughtfully for a moment growing more grim by the second. He goes inside.
107) 0) text: Burt pushes through the doors and steps into the LOBBY of building. What we see is not what he sees. We see, briefl scene from three years ago.
107) 5) dialog: As he scans the quiet, empty room. There are no bodies, b the place is a shambles. Desks, chairs and tables are overturned, filing cabinets are down, and everywhere is C dried, brittle and yellowed with age.
107) 6) text: Burt passes a BULLETIN BOARD upon which are several notic Prominent among them is one that advertises: OLD FASHIONE
107) 11) dialog: As he reads this, something flashes in his mind.
107) 13) text: Burt turns away and goes to the door marked BUREAU OF REGISTRATION. He begins to open it.
109) 0) text: Burt is exploring the office. It's a shambles, like the other room, and corn is heaped everywhere in here too.
109) 1) dialog: He takes all this in with growing bewilderment. Then helo up at the far wall and we see his eyes widen with surpris
109) 3) text: Burt crosses the room to the picture and takes it off the wall, standing on a chair to do so. He stares at the hide corruption for a moment and then smashes it on the floor. isn't out of control, but the image has affected and offe him deeply. He heads for the door
109) 4) text: CAMERA LINGERS on the window as Burt exits. Slowly, one b one, THREE BOYS, all crowned in BLACK RIMMED HATS, look i us and scan the now vacant office. They hold a brief, whispered conversation and then duck OUT OF VIEW.
111) 0) text: Burt climbs the stairs to the THIRD FLOOR. He's tired, sweating heavily, and beaten. He pulls the door open and exits into a dark corridor.
111) 2) text: Burt turns into the police chief's office and gets a frig
114) 0) text: Burt is still there, trying to figure the foreboding scarecrow, but has decided he's had enough of trying to figure anything in Gatlin. He turns around and sees a picture on the wall behind him.
114) 4) dialog: As he reads the caption, he senses something.
114) 7) text: And then Burt begins to run. He flies out the door and in the....
115) 0) text: The first thing Burt sees stops him momentarily.
115) 2) text: Burt bolts down the stairs and past the car at a dead run His path is a trip in time. Various buildings he runs pas give us a brief glimpse of their terrible history.
115) 3) text: Burt runs past the library.
115) 5) dialog: He doesn't see this flashback, of course, but instead kee running. His footsteps and the steady sound of his breath are the only things we hear. He passes the REXALL.
115) 8) dialog: He remembers the drawing and stops for a beat to look up the steeple. The rope still hangs but the noose is empty. Burt gulps at the air and continues on.
115) 11) text: And finally, Burt arrives at the house. He sees the broke windows and kicked-in front door.
116) 0) text: Burt nearly rips the screen door off its hinges, smashes the door. He looks around wildly, very much out of breath
116) 1) dialog: 
116) 3) dialog: 
117) 0) text: Burt charges in, wild eyed and maniacal. The sight that greets him is Sarah, who is shaking and whimpering in the corner. A LINE OF BLOOD shows where Vicky was dragged out the room. Burt kneels next to the little girl.
117) 1) dialog: Where is she? Where have they taken her??? Please I Sarah is severely traumatized at the moment. She looks at Burt blankly.
117) 2) dialog: (pleading) If you have any idea you've got to tell me. She's in danger. (MORE)
117) 3) text: BURT(cont 'd) She could be your mother. Please! Please! The urgency in his voice, perhaps that last line, reaches something in Sarah. She surfaces briefly.
117) 5) dialog: Who? Malachai? Where do I find him. Sarah stares at him for a moment, then looks over to the crumpled picture Vicky dropped just before she was taken. Burt grabs it and uncrumples it.
117) 7) dialog: As he reacts to the picture.
117) 8) dialog: No!
119) 0) text: Burt is running - along a wall of the corn, frantically screaming for Vicky. He is hot, tired and out of breath. is also intensely determined. He rips the corn plants out the way.
119) 1) text: Burt is lost, or at least he doesn't know where to begin. All he knows is that Vicky may be out here somewhere, undergoing some unspeakable torture. He tries another direction.
119) 3) dialog: He's pressing his way through another row. The corn seems have thickened, as if Burt was at the bottom of a giant green pool. There are no longer discernible rows, just on giant wall of corn. 89.
119) 4) text: The plants themselves are beginning to resist Burt physically. Leaves swat him in the face. One cuts him wit its razor edge. A stalk bends over in his path, wrapping itself around him. Burt is getting panicky, but mentally fighting the idea that this stuff has a will of its own. finally loosens the tenacious stalk.
119) 5) dialog: Jesus Christ! He struggles on, sure of only one thing. His will to find Vicky. And then he spots something that may help him.
120) 0) text: It is quite large, made out of wood, and painted red. THE DOORS ARE OPEN so Burt approaches carefully. There is no sign of anyone about.
120) 1) dialog: Someone is watching Burt as he walks towards the barn. He still brushing corn plants off himself. The watcher makes move towards him, but keeps pas with him at a distance.
121) 0) text: Burt pokes his head in to make sure no one is there.
122) 0) text: Same POV as Burt's, but three years ago. At first we thin this is what Burt is seeing, just as in the Municipal Building, but we will quickly realize it is from the past Police Chief Hotchkiss - sweating, disheveled and out of breath - is alone in the barn. 90. He looks at A PAGE FROM A BOOK very briefly, then stuffs piece of paper in his shirt pocket.
123) 0) text: Burt looks around. He sees the gasohol drums, the still, FAIRLY MODERN TRACTOR, and basic FARM IMPLEMENTS. But no Vicky. He heads to the church.
124) 0) text: Burt is nearing the church.
124) 1) dialog: Again we see Burt through the eyes of whomever is stalkin him, maintaining that careful, respectful distance. Burt starts to go in the front, then thinks better of it and w around the side. We follow Burt from THIS POV.
124) 2) text: Burt creeps up the back steps to the church and listens a the door for a beat, then tries the handle. It's open.
125) 0) text: Burt enters from behind the pulpit. He walks along a narr CORRIDOR, stops, and looks into the sanctuary.
126) 0) text: The first thing Burt sees is the destruction, even more vandalism than in the Municipal Building. The ICONS have been chipped, broken and painted upon; slogans have been painted on the walls in red: AND YE SHALL WORSHIP NO FALS GODS BEFORE HIM and AND A CHILD SHALL LEAD THEM; cornshoc and plants have been heaped everywhere; and THE CHRIST FI has been completely redone in corn - a crown of corn, cornsilk for hair, etc. 92.
126) 1) text: And much to Hurt's surprise, there are PEOPLE. He hides i the shadows. A CEREMONY is taking place. Rachel Deigan, t pregnant girl who watched Burt drive by on his way to the Municipal Building, is there with her TWO YOUNG CHILDREN. Behind them, filling the first few pews, are a DOZEN ONLOOKERS, none of whom are older than 18. They are all watching as AMOS DEIGAN, a dark-haired boy of 19, is made ready for a very special occasion. He seems almost in a trance, and gives his wife a blissful, unseeing smile.
126) 3) dialog: He is alternately fascinated, horrified and revolted by w he sees. He is hardly able to restrain himself from stopp Amos.
126) 6) text: At that point, Burt can stand it no longer. He jumps out from his hiding place.
126) 7) dialog: No! He continues forward, stopping only at the edge of the pulpit. 93.
126) 8) dialog: Are you out of your minds??? What the hell do you think you're doing?
126) 9) text: The room is dead silent. Everyone stares at him with hate eyes, everyone except Amos. He is too blissed out. He giv Burt the same vacant look he gave his wife.
126) 11) dialog: You've got a pretty sick way of celebrating, it. He turns on Rachel. He has suddenly assumed the role of a reproachful parent.
126) 12) dialog: And you! Are these your children? You ought to be locked up for even allowing them to see this much less.... The black robed girl shouts at him.
126) 14) dialog: Well that's fine, whoever "he" is. I happen to be a doctor. Maybe "he'd" like to discuss the medical ramifications of carving yourself up with an unsanitary object not to mention what it would do to those kids to drink it! Amos is confused. Someone is suddenly condemning what sho have been his hour of triumph.
126) 18) dialog: What do you mean, ‘As it is written? Written where? Amos looks at the scroll.
126) 19) text: The scroll is resting on a ceremonial TABLE. The knife li next to it. Burt makes a move for the scroll just as the girl/priestess grabs for it. She gets the scroll first bu Burt gets her wrist. He is a different Burt now, a man wh has been pushed too far and is desperate. He twists her a forcefully and takes the scroll from her.
126) 20) text: Several of the OLDER BOYS in the congregation walk forwar Burt eyes them aggressively and they hesitate. He goes ba to the scroll.
126) 24) text: Burt looks at Amos in confusion.
126) 25) dialog: I don't understand. These kids all died so young?
126) 27) dialog: And what happens when you go to him?
126) 33) text: Burt yanks the knife out of his shoulder, grimacing in pa The onrushing youths stop when he points the knife at the
126) 34) dialog: (enraged) Is this your religion? He picks up one of the bibles with his left hand throws i them, and another and another, until he pauses once, noti the missing page.
126) 35) dialog: What did you do? Rip out the ten commandments, or just rearrange them to suit your needs? He rises to his feet, but staggers from pain and loss of blood. The boys inch forward. Burt stops again, threateni them with the knife. He backs out of the church... 96.
127) 0) text: Burt exits the rear door....and begins to run. He tosses away the knife. After a BEAT, the hordes come running aft him. The girl/priestess is last, exhorting them.
127) 2) dialog: Whoever this is who has been stalking Burt watches him ru towards the main part of town. The stalker ducks away abruptly, hurrying himself to keep up.
127) 3) text: Burt is running through town. He turns down a side street only to find Malachai and his bunch running towards him. does an about face and heads the other way, narrowly. avoiding the group that chased him out of the church.
127) 4) text: Burt runs and runs, turning errantly whichever street or presents itself. Finally, he has to stop for breath. He quickly finds himself surrounded by a HALF DOZEN BOYS, al them armed.
127) 5) text: Burt stares them down, turning all around so that he can if and when any of them make their move. The boys are cautious. Burt is at least ten years older than the oldes of them, and he isn't any pushover. He is a wounded, desperate, adult and the boys sense this.
127) 6) dialog: I'm warning you guys. This isn't a game. First one of you comes near me's gonna get his head knocked off. CAMERA PANS THEIR FACES. These are children. The murder i their eyes is so incongruous with their physical selves t it is hard to imagine they are as deadly as we've seen th be.
127) 7) text: One of them charges Burt and swings a sickle. Burt blocks and knees him in the groin. 97. As the boy doubles over, Burt pounds him between the shou blades, sending him to the ground. Burt will make ingenio use of his medical knowledge before this day is over. He picks up the sickle and swings it, just in time to send t more attackers scurrying backwards.
127) 8) dialog: God damn it! Now keep away from me! He walks towards them resolutely. They give ground, letti him pass. But just as he seems to be free...
127) 10) dialog: Shit.... They explode after him, shouting and cheering in their killing frenzy. Burt takes off.
127) 12) text: Some of the taller boys follow him, others stream around the front entrance. ANGLE - ROOF OF MUNICIPAL BLDG. Burt climbs to the roof from the top of the fire escape. runs across it and without stopping, jumps to
127) 15) text: Burt notices that the ARMS AND LEGS of several of the bod around him are jutting up at strange angles. With several swift, angular strokes, he cuts a number of these into SH BONY SPIKES and points them towards where his pursuers wi be coming from. He lops a final HAND off at the wrist and positions the protruding bone.
127) 16) dialog: (to the corpse) Thanks for the hand. He runs to the edge of the Rexall roof. The only way off to jump, about 20 feet down. He looks back.
127) 18) text: Burt climbs over the edge of the Rexall roof and hangs as as he can before dropping. He falls into a tuck-and-roll, coming out of it with just a slightly sprained ankle. Suddenly, bottles, knives, rocks and other weapons begin rain down upon him.
127) 19) text: With glass breaking all around and the metal weapons stri the pavement by his feet, Burt hobbles away as fast as he can.
127) 24) text: Burt dives out of the way, barely avoiding several gallon BOILING CORN OIL. He looks up at the girls in disbelief. They stare down at him in blind hatred.
127) 25) text: The boys are coming and it's time for Burt to flee. He ru past more houses. He's about to run back into the cornfie when somebody calls to him.
127) 29) text: Burt looks back and sees the alternative. He decides to chance it and runs after the boy.
127) 30) dialog: Who are you?
127) 32) text: Job leads Burt to a pair of outside cellar doors, one of which is open. The little boy runs down them like the whi Rabbit. Burt follows like Alice.
128) 0) text: There's danger here. It's dark and Burt's eyes are acclimated to the light. He sees Job reach up and close t door over them, then switch on a flashlight.
129) 0) text: In the dim light of a KEROSENE LAMP, Burt finds himself i homemade bomb shelter. It is a 30 x 30 room packed with supplies - cots, food (canned and dried), medical supplie books, tools, etc - everything a "survivalist" would stoc for about three months. Sarah is sitting at a small table staring at Burt. She is in her "adult" costume also. Burt scans the room with his eyes, finally coming back to the little boy in the strange outfit who says ecstatically:
131) 0) text: Burt is finishing bandaging his shoulder wound with the available medical supplies.
131) 2) dialog: The Communists aren't going to get us, Job. We're going to get us.
131) 4) dialog: (sharply) Yes! Have you seen her?
131) 6) dialog: What clearing? Where?
131) 8) dialog: How do you know?
131) 10) dialog: Show me. Sarah intercedes with surprising vehemence.
131) 12) dialog: So?
131) 14) dialog: (frustrated, confused) Whose time? What are you talking about? Sarah hands him a picture from her stack. Burt walks over the table where she's sitting.
131) 17) dialog: I've seen these. In the house. I don't believe there's a bogey-man out there.
131) 19) dialog: (sincere) Tell me.
133) 0) text: Job is finishing telling Burt the story. His words should sound familiar.
133) 1) dialog: Then it was Malachai who killed the old man at the gas station.
133) 3) dialog: (pleading) Job, you've got to take me to that clearing. I think it was Malachai has taken Vicky, and if I don't get there soon, I'm afraid she's going to wind up like Mr. Diehl. Job ponders very seriously for a moment.
134) 0) text: Malachai is still calling to Burt, baiting him with Vicky
134) 4) dialog: The three emerge from the bomb shelter and begin running towards the corn. They cross the street and run to where field is visible. Something jerks Burt to a sudden halt.
134) 7) text: Burt has to resist the temptation to run directly to Vick aid. Job and Sarah now see what he is looking at.
134) 9) dialog: Job, you and Sarah find a place to hide. If anything happens to me, you head out of town as fast as you can. Stay on the road, and don't stop until you reach Hemingford. Now go on. Burt hasn't stopped looking at Vicky the whole time. He r OFF SCREEN, leaving Job and Sarah watching him go.
136) 1) dialog: He is creeping up on Malachai with quick bursts of speed cover to cover. 108. He runs from the back of A HOUSE to A FIXTURE OF PIPES AN TUBING that leads out into the cornfield.
136) 5) dialog: Before Burt can make his move, A NOISE from the corn-fiel distracts everybody. All heads turn towards it. They can nothing, only hear A SCREAM.
138) 0) text: Even more wind now, almost a gale. There is a single, gia death cloud over Gatlin. Burt uses the oppor-tunity to attack. Malachai and the others are so preoccupied with what's going on out in the cornfield that they've allowed themselves to be caught off guard.
138) 1) text: Vicky sees Burt charging. She jerks her body around so th Malachai’s back is turned into Burt. Burt slugs him with pipe and butts him with his good shoulder. Malachai spraw to the ground.
138) 2) dialog: (to Vicky) Run!
138) 4) text: Vicky has run to the barn. Burt is trying to catch up to but the circle of boys has closed around him. He lashes o with the pipe, scattering some of them in front, but sudd his knees go out from under him as Malachai tackles him f behind. They roll in the dirt, Malachai pressing down wit his knife while Burt tries to resist him with his left, h The boys do not intercede, sensing this is Malachai's fig They are also a bit intimidated by Burt. He's the first "man" many of them have had to deal with in some time.
138) 5) text: Burt bucks Malachai with his leg, giving himself-;just en time and room to swat him across the face with the pipe. 110. Malachai goes over on his back and Burt is instantly on t of him. He whacks the knife out of the boy's hand, then g him by the throat with his right hand (the bad shoulder s and raises the pipe over his head. He is completely in control of his dazed adversary. Malachai's life is in his hands.
138) 6) text: Burt hesitates. He looks around at the circle of boys. Th don't know what to do. Burt's eyes are white hot with accusation.
138) 7) dialog: Is this what you want? Another killing? Is this what your Isaac preaches? And almost as if in response, they hear Isaac's scream. I so inhuman that it distracts everyone, including Burt. Th scream is followed by ANOTHER NOISE, perhaps even more frightening and certainly less human. It's like the growl a lion, only much deeper and more potent, like water drai into a thousand foot well. It is a sound that is at once recognizable and yet unlike any we have ever heard. It should chill us to the bone.
138) 8) text: SEVERAL OF THE BOYS runs away, so frightened are they by "declaration" from the cornfield. Burt rises to his feet, staring out at the darkness in awe and wonder. He forgets about Malachai, which is a mistake, and begins instinctiv to move towards the barn for Vicky.
138) 15) text: The half dozen Children left run past Burt into the barn. couple remain behind him and watch from the safety of his presence.
138) 18) text: Burt turns to the barn and sees that Vicky has witnessed spectacle. 112. The Children who ran into the barn are huddled around her She meets Burt halfway to the barn and they embrace passionately.
138) 19) dialog: Thank God you're alright. Job and Sarah come running over to them. They're terribly upset by what they've just seen and they cling to Burt an Vicky. But just when you thought it was safe to go back i the corn...
138) 21) text: Burt, Vicky and the children are physically jarred by the power of the roar. The monstrous sounds continue as light and lightning shatter the darkness, accompanied by a ragi wind that tosses debris in every direction. It's as if th monster is going to destroy the entire town.
139) 0) text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah join the other six Children wh are huddled in here, frightened out of their wits.
139) 2) dialog: I don't know. If I knew what it was out there maybe I could tell you.
139) 5) dialog: I think we're safer here, at least for the time being. They listen as the horrendous noises continue outside. Th are slamming up against the barn walls. 113. Without warning, one of the planks explodes. The wind how in, muffling their screams of terror.
139) 6) text: Burt goes to Job. Something has to be done.
139) 7) dialog: Job, has anybody ever tried to hurt the monster? Any of the parents or adults, before they were. Job remembers what happened to them. To his parents.
139) 9) dialog: Who's the Blue Man? what did he do?
139) 11) dialog: What stopped him?
139) 13) dialog: Why was he reading from the bible? What was it? Job reaches into his pocket. He pulls out a COMPASS, a PE KNIFE, a RABBIT'S FOOT KEY CHAIN, TWO BASEBALL CARDS, and WALLET. He pores through a number of PAPERS he has in the wallet. Outside, the sounds of Armageddon. The barn rocks and sways to the side.
139) 14) dialog: Hurry up, Job! Job finally finds what he's looking for. He hands Burt th page from three years ago. 114.
140) 0) text: Just after the black-robed girl stabbed Burt and he fell the pile of bibles, he noticed a page had been torn from of them.
141) 1) text: Burt fights his frustration. He looks at Vicky, who has read the page over his shoulder.
141) 2) dialog: I don't know what it means! Another plank explodes. And another. They duck out of the way of the splintering boards.
141) 3) dialog: (shouting, to Job) What was the Blue Man doing at the still?
141) 5) dialog: Lake of fire...Fire! He must have been trying to burn the field. 115.
141) 7) dialog: With the...Never mind. Burt springs into action. He becomes the Field General of this motley fighting force.
141) 8) dialog: You kids I Get me all the hoses you can find. Job, Sarah, find a glass bottle, a soda pop bottle if you can. Vicky, come here. Burt leads Vicky over to the GASOHOL DRUMS. He takes the from one of the kids. It won't connect to the spigot
141) 9) dialog: (to kid) Give me your knife. The innocent looking boy hands Burt a mean looking knife. Burt hands it to Vicky and holds up the hose.
141) 10) dialog: Cut it. She does so. Burt jams the end onto the spigot.
141) 11) dialog: (to Vicky) You're going to have to hold this tight when I go out there.
141) 13) dialog: Connect those hoses. Hurry! Job arrives with an empty, ancient bottle of PEPSI. Burt takes the hose off the spigot long enough to fill the bot with gasohol. He rips part of Job's shirt and stuffs the into the bottle. Job protests.
141) 15) dialog: I love you. Remember to keep that hose on tight. He jams it up against the spigot and opens the valve. Vic doesn't know what to say, so she says nothing.
141) 16) text: Burt lights the rag with his cigarette lighter, picks up hose, from which gasohol is beginning to pour out, and ex the barn.
142) 1) text: Burt runs with the hose and the Molotov cocktail towards sprinkler pump fixture. An even more savage roar goes up from the monster. Things begin to come out of the field, shot as if from cannons, right at Burt
142) 2) text: At first the corn plants seem like debris. They whip arou Burt's legs, tripping him, and around his arms. While he' struggling, more are piling on top of him. He's becoming entangled in a net. Panic stricken, Burt struggles to fre himself. He's tearing at the stalks when he sees...
142) 4) text: Burt is free. He picks up the hose and cocktail.
142) 5) dialog: Get back to the barn! He runs forward. Job stays right where he is, not wanting abandon Burt.
142) 6) text: Burt is almost at the pump when THE BODIES OF ISAAC AND MALACHI - what's left of them - are now flung upon him. H skeletons, half decaying flesh, they entangle him ina lifeless grappler hold. Burt struggles to rid himself of them and finds it isn't that easy.
142) 9) text: Burt is working feverishly. He opens the metal cover on t pump and tries to unscrew its connecting valve. The thing won't budge. The hose is spilling gallons of gasohol by t second and is in danger of running out. He grabs another piece of loose tubing and uses it as a lever. The valve finally opens. Job arrives.
143) 1) text: Burt jams the hose into the valve. He throws the switch and...
143) 4) dialog: Burt picks up the Molotov cocktail and heaves it. Within motion, though, he is jolted by the forgotten pain in his wounded shoulder.
143) 6) text: Burt, clutching his wound, stares in shock.
143) 7) dialog: Oh no.... Job, realizing what has happened, begins to run straight the corn.
143) 8) dialog: Job! NO! COME BACK!!!
143) 11) text: Burt starts towards the field, screaming to Job in vain.
143) 12) dialog: 
143) 16) dialog: He scours the field with his eyes. Despair racks his body As the Beast comes within 50 yards, its immense shadow fa over him. Burt steps back, his eyes drawn upwards. He is about to die and he knows it.
143) 17) text: Job emerges from the cornfield. He hands the flaming Molo cocktail to Burt, who is so happy to see him that he forg himself for a moment. He looks at the boy, and then incredulously at the bomb.
143) 19) text: Burt heaves the cocktail as hard and as high as he can. I takes a second for it to land and then..
143) 24) text: Burt and Job have been running towards the barn. They joi the others and all continue their retreat to a safer plac
143) 27) text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah, and all of the others, watch, glow from the continuing flames casting a healing light o their faces. Vicky is leaning against Burt. In her hand, is still clutching the page from Revelations. -end-