49) 0) text: Burt drives over to where CHESTER DIEHL is working on a 6 CHEVY PICK-UP.
50) 1) dialog: At ease, Sarge. Maybe he don't want no beer.
50) 2) text: Sarge's collar has a cold can of OLD MILWAUKEE BEER attac to it where a Saint Bernard would have a keg. The dog bac off at Diehl's command. Burt pets him.
50) 4) dialog: (interrupting) Don't got no gas.
50) 6) dialog: Don't got no diesel neither. Tanks are dry. Expectin' the truck any day now.
50) 8) dialog: Don't buy no gas, can't use the restrooms.
50) 11) text: Burt looks to Vicky. Burt sighs heavily. Diehl takes a closer look at the stranger. Diehl squeals at Burt.
50) 15) dialog: Sarge, you be still now. In fact, why don't you go give that nice lady a Coke. Reluctant and whining, Sarge trots back towards the stati house. Diehl turns his attention to Burt. He points to th fork in the road.
50) 16) dialog: What you wanna do is go to Hemingford, Mister. About 19 miles down the right fork here. Can’t miss it.
50) 18) dialog: Ain't nothin’ in Gatlin... (mutters) Nothin' for you. (MORE)
50) 19) text: DIEHL(cont'd) (normal) You'll find everything you need in Hemingford.
52) 3) dialog: Sarge, You stay right here!
52) 5) dialog: Well, folks in Gatlin got religion. They don't cotton to outsiders and you probably won't find a phone. He looks around Burt towards Sarge, who is whining and sniffing at the edge of the cornfield. Burt turns also.
52) 8) dialog: Mister, I'd sure like to stay here and shoot the breeze with ya, talk about politics and farm futures, but right now I got work to do. You get on that right fork over there and you'll be in Hemingford in no time. (sudden, vehement ) Sarge! I said AT EASE!
52) 10) text: Diehl is standing in front of the car, torn between apologizing to Burt and wanting to get back to Sarge.
52) 11) dialog: Hey, you got a busted headlight, Mister. Looks like some blood on it. Burt leans out the window. Diehl is increasingly nervous.
52) 12) dialog: You have some kinda oxidant or somethin’?
52) 14) dialog: No, but you can get it fixed.
52) 16) dialog: Sarge!
53) 0) text: Burt pulls out of the station just a bit too fast. Someth about Diehl has agitated him.
55) 0) text: Sarge, barking feverishly, runs into the cornfield. Diehl arrives at the edge of the corn just a moment too late. H dares not follow even his beloved dog.
55) 1) dialog: (angst) Sarge! Sarge...
60) 0) text: Chester is still calling to Sarge, but, there's neither s nor sound of the dog. Diehl's call has become a lament. 45.
60) 1) dialog: Ah, Sarge...Why'd ya hafta go after ‘em... The only reply is the rustling of the corn.
60) 4) dialog: (fearful) Izzat you...Izzat you? What da - What are you doin’ in there? The answer he gets is ANOTHER NOISE, this time coming fro his office. He turns and faces that way, craning his neck see. His breath is quick. In a word, he's terrified. He takes a few steps towards the office.
60) 6) dialog: He approaches the office. Another few feet to go.
60) 8) dialog: Chester reaches for the office door. His hand is shaking. Just as it swings open we....
62) 0) text: Chester Diehl breathes a sigh of relief. He's standing inside the door to his office and mercifully, he's alone. There's nothing but the usual mess. 47.
62) 1) dialog: Musta been the wind. And just as he says this there's a loud CRASH!
62) 2) dialog: Oh Lordy! Please be the wind! He exits the office, again taking those short, frightened tentative steps.
63) 1) dialog: "Course it's the wind. Them hood latches ain't worth a damn. Blow over in a bad fart...
63) 3) dialog: Who is it? Who's there? I didn't tell them anything! I swear it! I kept our bargain, just like always! ! But the humming has stopped and no one appears. Diehl wai Nothing happens. By and by, he figures maybe this too was wind. Now he goes back to the truck
63) 4) text: He lifts the hood with a mighty heave. As it opens, it reveals something that makes Chester Diehl scream.
63) 9) dialog: You bastards I You killed my Sarge! I'll get you for what you done to him!
67) 1) text: Chester Diehl is the surrounded animal and he isn't going down without a fight. 50. He is flailing wildly with 'his long handled wrench, tryi to hit the black clad children who dart in and out of his reach. They are all armed with farm tools. They are led b Malachai. Diehl focuses on him.
67) 2) dialog: You murderin' little devil. I done everything you said. I never told anyone. Not once in three years. He swings the wrench clumsily. Malachai steps sprightly o of the way. He can kill Diehl any time he wants.
67) 3) dialog: (contemptuous) Call yourself the Lord's Children.
67) 5) dialog: The devil’s!
72) 0) text: Burt and Vicky enter the office. It is exactly as it was we saw Diehl in p.t except for one, glaring incongruity. THERE IS CORN EVERYWHERE. Ears, leaves, stalks and silk} piled on the desk, stuffed in the water cooler, heaped in garbage pail, etc. It is macabre, eerie. Vicky gasps; Bur tightens.
72) 2) text: Burt AND Vicky enter cautiously, making as little noise a possible. They look around. The place is a mess, having been torn apart during Diehl’s struggle wit the Children. Only THE MERCURY remains untouched, an island of stabilit amidst the destruction. Burt and Vicky move towards it.
72) 4) text: The reach the Mercury. Burt peers inside. INT. MERCURY - BURT’S POV Nothing. A nice red interior, an empty pack of Camels and loaded ashtray, but no bodies, bogeymen or Chester Diehl.