5) 0) text: The straw slips out of Job's mouth. He is frightened to d of the vision before him but he can't take his eyes off o Isaac. Few, if any, of the adults in the room take notice but the boys by the Pac Man do.
6) 4) text: Isaac, standing fixed in place, is gradually encircled by devoted followers. CHILDREN, from four to 19, gather arou him, instruments of death in their hands all dripping wit fresh blood. Like him, they face the coffee shop and wait
7) 8) text: Shows the same Minister from the previous picture being pushed aside and supplanted by the now familiar figure of ISAAC. The caption underneath reads: AND A CHILD SHALL LE
42) 18) text: Job quickly reaches down and changes the numbers so they out to 4. He and Sarah squeal with delight as Isaac is trudged off to jail. 32.
44) 0) text: It is very dark. Light filters in only through partially drawn curtains. The furnishings are sparse, austere, but good quality. There are religious artifacts all about, mo of a conspicuously pagan nature; knives, scythes, symbols hewn from corn plants, crosses; and in the middle of all sits Isaac. 34. He is less frightening now in this quietude, almost scholarly. He is writing something by the light of a sing shaft of sun that penetrates the room. One gets the feeli Isaac is a holy man.
44) 1) text: Malachai enters with Job and Sarah, still dressed in thei comical outfits. Isaac's and Malachai's clothes are in st contrast - the simple, black cloth we've seen before. Malachai salutes his leader with a touch of the knife to forehead. It is a pagan, barbarian gesture.
44) 4) text: Isaac stares at the picture for what seems like a long ti Meditatively. Reflecting.
44) 5) dialog: They came already. He looks at Sarah with a hint of warmth.
44) 6) dialog: You have the gift of sight, child. This is a blessing. Sarah doesn't reply. She and Job are scared out of their wits.
44) 8) dialog: Go to the old man. Make sure he tells them nothing.
44) 10) dialog: (calmly) Take them back where they were.
44) 12) dialog: Question me not, Malachai. I act according to his will. Malachai withers under the reproach. He bows his head reverently, touches the deadly blade to it, and then turn Job and Sarah with that killing gaze.
74) 0) text: The arm of someone living is holding up a corncob crucifi CAMERA PULLS BACK and WE FIND OURSELVES at another religi gathering. There are about 50 BOYS AND GIRLS between the ages of 8 and 18, along with SEVERAL NEWBORN INFANTS. Everyone is dressed in black or gray except Isaac, who is one holding aloft the crucifix. The group is humming that bizarre chant we’ve now come to associate with them.
74) 1) text: Isaac is facing the others, about to lead a sermon. Behin him is the wooden base of what we will later see is a LAR CRUCIFIX. Isaac lowers his hand abruptly and the humming cuts off. 56.
74) 2) dialog: Behold! A dream did come to me in the night and the Lord did shew all this to met
74) 4) dialog: A time of tribulation has come. A test is at hand. The Final Test.
74) 6) text: Isaac turns and looks up at the crucifix that towers behi him. CAMERA PANS UP, following his gaze, and we see the decaying body of a CRUCIFIED MAN on it. A few tattered BL RAGS of clothing hang off of it, and on the skeletal head a BLUE POLICE CHIEF hat. Most of the skin has been picked clean by crows, but the eyes are left, bulging and sightl The body has been festooned with dried corn leaves and co husks are piled around its feet like an offering.
74) 7) dialog: In the dream, the Lord did come to me, and He was a shape. It was He Who Walks Behind the Rows, and I did fall on my knees in terror and hide my eyes lest the fierceness of His face strike me dead. And He told me all that has since happened. He said, ‘Joseph has taken his things and fled this happy place because the worship of me is no more upon him. So take you his life, and spill his blood, but let not his flesh pollute the corn. Cast him instead upon the road.'
74) 10) dialog: And He Who Walks Behind The Rows did say, 'I will send outlanders amongst you, a man and a woman, and these outlanders will be un- believers and profaners of the Holy, and the man shall sorely test you, for he has great power, even greater than The Blue Man. CAMERA PICKS UP The Blue Man on the crucifix, with its grotesquely jaunty cap. All eyes have turned to it. CAMER ZOOMS IN to its face as the ceremony continues.
74) 12) dialog: And we shall not fail Him, for He is the true God, the only God, and His message has been planted within us as the corn seed is put into the ground. (rising) Make sacrifice unto Him. Bring Him the blood of the Unbelievers 1 Malachai jumps to his feet and shouts in a killing fervor
118) 2) dialog: He speaks to me always, but today He is displeased. Vicky isn't sure whether this is just a bad dream. She to her head from side to side, trying to awaken herself. 87.
118) 4) dialog: He is displeased with you Malachai.
118) 6) dialog: (angry) oo Question Him not in vain! Do you not know you did sacrifice Joseph without an offering? Did you not spill the blood of the old man when his oil and gasoline were still useful to us?
118) 8) dialog: Shew not your pride, Malachai. We have not enough.
118) 10) dialog: Sarah has the gift of Sight! She warned us of the coming of the interlopers. Question not my judgment, Malachai. I am the giver of his word. Malachai glowers at Isaac. For the first time, we see him unafraid of the younger boy, even a bit scorn-ful and resentful.
118) 12) dialog: Now go you and bring me the hus- band. VJe must offer them tonight. When Amos leaves us. Vicky suddenly feels herself being pulled, jerked, up int the air. She snaps out of her daze enough to see what is going on around her.
118) 13) text: She is being raised into the air. She sees Isaac below, a the departing Malachai. There are several other CHILDREN around, helping with the erecting of her cross. Only now does she realize that she is tied to a large, WOODEN CRUCIFIX. It is turned as it's raised, and she finds herself....
125) 4) text: The Minister is unafraid at this moment. He has "been reading from his BIBLE, and rises and turns on the Childr with a defiant stare. He turns the book around and holds up to Isaac.
125) 6) text: Isaac holds out his hand and Malachai hurries to fetch hi ANOTHER BIBLE. Isaac opens this one to the corre-sponding page and reads for a beat. He looks up at the Minister, w says something to him which we do not hear. Whatever it i Isaac sneers at the older man. He takes something out of pocket and holds it up for the Minister.
125) 8) text: The Minister is shaken. Isaac rips the page out of the Bi and crumples it, dropping it to the floor. The Minister b up, but the Children of the Corn are upon him. We've alre seen what happened next.
130) 0) text: The sun is low in the sky. It will be dusk in less than a hour. Isaac and Malachai are having a heated discussion. Malachai's leg is bleeding through ban-dages. Vicky, now unconscious, is still up on the cross next to The Blue Ma There are about A DOZEN BOYS present. They listen intentl to the argument. 101.
130) 2) dialog: No! He must be taken without her. We cannot remove her from this place. It is Holy!
130) 4) dialog: (threatening) Do not blaspheme, MalachaiI You know not the laws. He speaks them only to me.
130) 6) dialog: (shouting) Liesl Sacrilege! Down on your knees, heretic! Malachai lashes out with his fist and knocks Isaac to the ground. Malachai stands over him. The new Usurper.
130) 8) dialog: Don't just stand there! Seize him! Punish him! Cut him down! I command you. I am the Word and the Giver of His Laws! (MORE )
130) 9) text: ISAAC(cont 'd) Disobedience to me is disobedience to Him, He Who Walks Behind the Rows, and He will slay you with a thousand times a thousand deaths each more horrible than the last!!! Isaac's words fall on deaf ears, or at least changed mind The boys gather around Malachai, not to seize him but to accept him as their new leader. Malachai accepts the role matter-of-factly.
130) 11) dialog: No! You dare not!
130) 13) dialog: No! You blaspheme! He will punish you! The jaws of Hell will devour you. All of you! He struggles violently but in vain. Vicky is cut down fro the cross. Malachai watches with vengeful approval, as Is is put in her place.
130) 17) text: Isaac is on the cross, still kicking, struggling and shouting. 103.
130) 18) dialog: Malachai! He will punish you! He will punish all of you! He will not forgive you. None of you will be forgiven.
135) 6) text: Whimpering and cowering like the 14- year old boy that he Isaac watches as Amos disappears into the corn.
137) 0) text: Isaac is ashen and sweating. His eyes are filled with unspeakable horror as he listens to the sound of Amos screaming just beyond him in the corn. That area of the c is being torn up by something tremendous. There are terri beastly howls around Amos' feeble screams.
137) 1) text: A SOUND OF TEARING AND BREAKING, followed by a GURGLING, quiets that area of the corn momentarily. Isaac waits and listens, straining to see. Suddenly, something is heaved into the clearing from the field. It looks like a sack, o what might once have been a body. It is wearing the remna of Amos' clothes. As it lands in a heap, it splatters blo on Isaac.
137) 2) text: A shadow, visible even in the dark because it is blacker the night, falls over Isaac. He is looking straight up at something immense. He begs and pleads with it like a chil 109.
137) 3) dialog: I...I did as you commanded...I was good...I swear it... His eyes widen further, if that is possible, as the shado descends upon him.
137) 4) dialog: NoOO000c0000!
138) 12) dialog: Malachai! Burt hears it too, and turns around to see Malachai, the remaining Children, and the figure who has stepped out of corn and is walking towards them.
138) 13) dialog: It is not Isaac, but once it was. This is a demon Isaac, hideous perversion of what used to be a little boy who wa possessed by a fanatical religion. Much of his skin has b eaten away - gnawed to the bone by some beast of nightmar His eyes are huge globes staring at something not of this world, as he is not any longer. His hair, the wisps of it that are left, seem more like corn leaves and corn silk, indeed there is a greenish tinge to what little skin he h left. His clothes are plastered with corn plants and smea with kernels. His hands, reaching outstretched for Malach are bone.
138) 14) dialog: He wants you too, Malachai! He wants you too!
138) 17) text: Isaac catches up to Malachai, hissing and growling like a animal as he leaps upon him. Malachai buries his knife up the hilt in Isaac's chest, but it doesn't even faze the smaller "boy." Isaac is already long since dead. He drags Malachai back into the corn with irresistible strength. Malachai's screams echo through the town.
142) 6) text: Burt is almost at the pump when THE BODIES OF ISAAC AND MALACHI - what's left of them - are now flung upon him. H skeletons, half decaying flesh, they entangle him ina lifeless grappler hold. Burt struggles to rid himself of them and finds it isn't that easy.