0) 4) dialog: I don't remember everything that happened cuz I was only five then and now I'm eight.
0) 6) dialog: I was about the only kid in church that day, on account of all the other kids had been excused to go listen to Isaac, who was this boy preacher who'd come to Gatlin a few days before.
0) 7) dialog: AN ADULT, also whom we only see from the WAIST DOWN, bang into Job, who goes flying but doesn't fall because the strong hand of his father hangs on to him and lifts him i the air, setting him back down in place again. THE HAND of THE MAN WHO BUMPED HIM gives Job a vigorous apologetic rub across the hair.
0) 8) dialog: Sarah was home sick with mom. Dad decided to take me so he could talk about the drought with some of the other men. That's all everybody was talking about then, the drought.
0) 9) text: Father finishes his brief conversation with the minister starts down the steps with Job. It's hard for little Job keep up with his dad and he's constantly whisked off his whenever he lags too far behind.
1) 0) text: The door is pushed open by the unseen hand of his father Job is led into the coffee shop. Hansen's is a small, comfortable, homey place that caters strictly to the loca The furnishings are modest but everything is clean and ne Booths with red vinyl cushioning line the walls and the f holds eight or ten tables. There are also stools at the Formica counter, behind which MR. and MRS. HANSEN work busily.
1) 3) text: Job's father lifts him onto a stool at the counter and wa towards the PAY PHONE.
1) 4) dialog: Dad was worried about Sarah, so he went over to the phone as soon as we got in.
1) 5) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS JOB'S FATHER as he walks across the room t the pay phone. We never see him fully, only the fact that is very average and non-descript. As he passes the four boys at the machine, one of them lo up and follows him with his eyes. This is WILLIAM RENFREW
1) 6) dialog: There were some other kids there. I thought they were all in the corn with Isaac. Billy Renfrew looked at my dad, then smiled at me kinda funny.
1) 8) dialog: He averts his eyes quickly and spins on the stool so he w have to return the older boy's look.
1) 9) dialog: Dad sure was taking a long time.
1) 10) text: A STRAWBERRY SHAKE is set down with a loud bang by kindly Hansen, who smiles at how startled Job is by the noise. J glances up at him fearfully.
3) 0) text: Job is sucking with all his might on a straw protruding f the strawberry shake. He glances towards his father. Something catches his eyes and causes him to FREEZE.
5) 0) text: The straw slips out of Job's mouth. He is frightened to d of the vision before him but he can't take his eyes off o Isaac. Few, if any, of the adults in the room take notice but the boys by the Pac Man do.
5) 6) dialog: Is now terrified, trembling as he continues to stare at Isaac.
6) 0) text: Mr. Hansen raises his hands in a futile gesture to ward o sickle that is arching through the air towards him. The point of it buries in his chest and a splatter of blood h Job.
6) 2) dialog: screams but nothing comes out. It is a scream from the deepest part of his being, and it is silent. Mr. Hansen' blood is still sprayed across his face.
6) 5) dialog: That's how Isaac came and taught us about He Who Walks Behind The Rows.
6) 7) dialog: Isaac and Malachai.
7) 2) dialog: That's when Sarah started drawing these pictures.
12) 2) dialog: We were with Joseph when he ran away. He was pretty scared. I wasn't.
12) 4) dialog: (whining, frightened) I'm scarrrrrred!
12) 7) dialog: Can't we go with you? Pleeeease?
12) 11) dialog: She can't help it.
12) 13) dialog: But we like it! Isaac doesn't let us do anything.
12) 15) dialog: You're not goin' through the corn are you? This apparently bodes ill. Joseph swallows hard and looks out over the field. 14.
12) 21) dialog: We won't.
12) 23) dialog: nod in agreement like two good little soldiers. They cros their hearts with their fingers and then motion as if sticking something in their eyes. It is a children's oath taken in the way of children - with the utmost solemnity sincerity.
12) 27) text: Job and Sarah race to the town side of the barn and look cautiously around. Simultaneously they shout back to Jose at the tops of their lungs. 15.
12) 28) dialog: 
12) 31) dialog: They stand there watching disappointedly as their friend makes good his escape. They remain fixed, frightened and silent.
41) 0) text: Establishing shot. An American Gothic, like many of the houses in Gatlin. CAMERA ZOOMS IN SLOWLY to an open windo We hear Job's VO NARRATION.
41) 1) dialog: Me and Sarah were playing. We played lots. Malachai said it was forbidden, but I think it was cuz nobody liked to play with him anyway.
42) 0) text: Job and Sarah are playing MONOPOLY. They're dressed to th hilt in the clothes of some former adult residents. The clothes are far too large and the garnishing far too elaborate, which make them perfect for these two hams. Jo swimming in a suit and tie outfit complete with hat, pipe a handkerchief in the pocket. He looks absolutely dashing Sarah is in a glittering gown, also a hat, jewelry and lo of makeup. A small, battery-powered record player is grin out TONY BENNET’S “I LEFT MY HEART IN SAN FRANCISCO” next them. On the floor by Sarah is a piece of manila drawing paper and a bunch of crayons. As they play.
42) 1) dialog: When I grow up I'm gonna have all the money in the world.
42) 3) dialog: You can't.
42) 5) dialog: Cuz I'm gonna have it.
42) 7) dialog: Will not.
42) 9) dialog: Oh yeah? How? Sarah PLACES A HOTEL ON BOARDWALK. Job's face registers shock and dismay, but Sarah is well within her rights, He picks up the dice and counts. A SEVEN will land him on th dreaded Boardwalk. He jiggles the dice and throws them.
42) 11) text: Sarah giggles deliriously while Job counts off the spaces with his piece, THE COWBOY ON HORSEBACK. He purposely miscounts and places his player on GO. Sarah catches him immediately. She moves the piece back to its rightful pla on Boardwalk.
42) 13) dialog: How much is it?
42) 15) dialog: Let's pretend this is Isaac.
42) 18) text: Job quickly reaches down and changes the numbers so they out to 4. He and Sarah squeal with delight as Isaac is trudged off to jail. 32.
42) 20) dialog: What cards? They're laughing and giggling at this when their fun is abruptly halted by a LOUD BANG.
42) 21) dialog: They look towards the door at the same time. There is fea in their expressions.
44) 1) text: Malachai enters with Job and Sarah, still dressed in thei comical outfits. Isaac's and Malachai's clothes are in st contrast - the simple, black cloth we've seen before. Malachai salutes his leader with a touch of the knife to forehead. It is a pagan, barbarian gesture.
72) 9) dialog: I think his name was Mr. Diehl, but once I heard Malachai say it was Judas.
75) 0) text: Job and Sarah are sitting on the dusty porch of the house where we first saw them (inside). They're still dressed i their costumes. They look like caricatures of two anachronistic, broken down aristocrats. 58.
75) 2) dialog: I wanna get out of here.
75) 4) dialog: Like Joseph.
75) 6) dialog: Why not? If he can do it, so can we. Sarah leafs through a pile of manila paper she has next t her. She extracts one and hands it to Job.
75) 9) dialog: I don't like Malachai. I want my mommy and daddy!
75) 11) dialog: It's not fair! I wish Isaac never came here!
122) 3) text: After the boys have dragged their unconscious victim away figure steps into the barn and picks up the paper. It is Job.
127) 26) dialog: Hey Mister! Over here! The size, age and innocence of the boy stop Burt.
127) 27) dialog: Still in his oversized suit, he's a comically absurd figu
127) 28) dialog: C'mere! I know where to hide!
127) 31) dialog: C'mon! They run into the backyard of the house next door. This i the house where Burt and Vicky first found Sarah. 100.
127) 32) text: Job leads Burt to a pair of outside cellar doors, one of which is open. The little boy runs down them like the whi Rabbit. Burt follows like Alice.
128) 0) text: There's danger here. It's dark and Burt's eyes are acclimated to the light. He sees Job reach up and close t door over them, then switch on a flashlight.
128) 1) text: There's another door at the bottom of the steps and an ol unused one adjacent to this. Job opens the latter one.
128) 3) dialog: Careful. They walk down a short flight of creaky, wooden stairs towards a lighted room.
129) 1) dialog: Isn't it neat?
131) 1) dialog: My dad built it. For when the Communists launch their first strike. Burt laughs bitterly.
131) 3) dialog: Are you looking for the lady?
131) 5) dialog: They took her to the clearing.
131) 7) dialog: In the cornfield. Where The Blue Man is.
131) 9) dialog: I followed them. Just like I followed you.
131) 18) dialog: Is too. He made them kill my mom and dad.
131) 20) dialog: I don't remember everything that happened cuz I was only five then, now I'm eight... As he continues, with Burt listening intently, we...
133) 0) text: Job is finishing telling Burt the story. His words should sound familiar.
133) 2) dialog: Uh huh. I think his name was Mr Diehl, but once I heard Malachai say it was Judas.
133) 4) dialog: Alright.
134) 7) text: Burt has to resist the temptation to run directly to Vick aid. Job and Sarah now see what he is looking at.
134) 8) dialog: (hissing) Malachai! (then childlike) He's in trouble now....
139) 0) text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah join the other six Children wh are huddled in here, frightened out of their wits.
139) 3) dialog: It's He Who Walks Behind the Rows.
139) 6) text: Burt goes to Job. Something has to be done.
139) 8) dialog: (quietly) The Blue Man.
139) 10) dialog: Officer Hotchkiss. The Chief of Police. He came down here after he talked to the minister. He was reading a page torn out of the bible. And then he was doing something with the still.
139) 12) dialog: Malachai.
141) 4) dialog: He hooked the hose up to it and was rolling it out. Burt ponders.
141) 14) dialog: Hey! 116. Burt smiles and touches the boy's cheek as he shakes the bottle thoroughly, wetting the rag with the gasohol. He turns to Vicky and gives her a hard, sudden kiss.
142) 7) dialog: He stands frozen, watching in horror.
142) 9) text: Burt is working feverishly. He opens the metal cover on t pump and tries to unscrew its connecting valve. The thing won't budge. The hose is spilling gallons of gasohol by t second and is in danger of running out. He grabs another piece of loose tubing and uses it as a lever. The valve finally opens. Job arrives.
143) 0) text: The monster moves slowly, steadly, inexorably towards Bur and Job.
143) 9) text: Job is intent. His little body darts into the rows.
143) 11) text: Burt starts towards the field, screaming to Job in vain.
143) 13) dialog: 
143) 17) text: Job emerges from the cornfield. He hands the flaming Molo cocktail to Burt, who is so happy to see him that he forg himself for a moment. He looks at the boy, and then incredulously at the bomb.
143) 18) dialog: He waits expectantly for Burt to throw it again.
143) 24) text: Burt and Job have been running towards the barn. They joi the others and all continue their retreat to a safer plac
143) 27) text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah, and all of the others, watch, glow from the continuing flames casting a healing light o their faces. Vicky is leaning against Burt. In her hand, is still clutching the page from Revelations. -end-