12) 6) dialog: There's nothing to be afraid of. I said I'd come back for you. I promise.
12) 8) dialog: No! I'd never make it with you two.
12) 10) dialog: I said you'll be alright. (beat) As long as nobody finds them pictures you been drawing. Sarah averts her eyes and tugs sheepishly at her dress.
12) 12) dialog: That won't matter to Isaac and Malachai. They'll take it asa sign. Anyway, you know crayons and drawings are forbidden.... just like having a record player.
12) 14) dialog: Well you just better mind him 'til I get back, or else you know what happens. He punctuates his conversation with constant glances towa the town and, more particularly, the corn. Job picks up o this.
12) 18) dialog: Can't go no other way.
12) 20) dialog: It'll be alright, unless you tell anybody I'm gone.
12) 22) dialog: Cross your heart and hope to die, stick a needle in your eye?
12) 25) dialog: Okay. You know what that means. If you tell you're gonna burn on the lake of fire for all eternity. Their eyes widen in fear at the prospect. Joseph turns hi attention to the cornfield. He's sweating profusely.
12) 26) dialog: Make sure nobody's looking!
12) 30) dialog: He cringes at the volume and rolls his eyes in disbelief. deep breath and he's off into the corn.
17) 0) text: Joseph is running scared through the corn. He struggles against the thick, unyielding stalks and is sweating and breathing heavily. He stops every few yards to listen for sounds of pursuit and also to get his orientation.
17) 1) text: He stops, changes direction, stops again and looks up at sun. He is lost and fighting against his panic. The corn begins to RUSTLE ominously. Joseph does an abrupt about f and runs face first into a heavy ear. It thuds against hi cheek, raising a welt.
20) 0) text: Joseph is utterly terrified. He's moving quickly through corn, suitcase in hand, like someone who knows he's being followed. He hears what sounds like giggling up in front him. He runs to the side but is stopped by DELIBERATE and TAUNTING NOISES in that direction. The SOUNDS ARE GLEEFUL and seem to be made by children. Joseph turns again and again, but every-time is stopped. A circle is closing aro him. He is trapped, and covered with parts of corn plants
22) 0) text: Joseph is running also, but now with a sense of futility. His direction changes constantly and his terror is even greater than before. He trips over an ear of corn and fal down. 20. Before he can get up, A HAND ENTERS THE FRAME and grabs h by the shoulder. Joseph utters a squeak of fright, the so of a bird caught in a hunter's snare.
24) 0) text: Joseph is flat on his back, panting and struggling, tryin get away from Malachai, who has pinned him to the ground a knee and an arm. Others must be holding Joseph by the f from the way he's stretched out. Corn silk is plastered t his neck and face, glued there by the sweat.
24) 1) text: A CIRCLE OF CHILDREN tightens around Joseph. They begin humming in an eerie, atonal way. A HAND grips Joseph's ha and jerks his head back. The boy's eyes widen, a look of sheer terror coming over him. Malachai raises a cornhuske knife over him. The humming increases in intensity.
27) 0) text: Joseph is staggering TOWARDS THE CAMERA, which is PULLING BACK, KEEPING PACE. His eyes are blank and bulging. His hands are up to his throat and blood is flowing through h fingers, bright and sparkling. The front of his shirt is sodden with the red fluid. In effect, he's dead on his fe He's heading out of the cornfield although he doesn't kno it. Behind him we see a trail of twisted, broken corn pla with blood splashed on them. In the far background is Joseph's SUITCASE.
29) 0) text: Joseph, reeling like a drunk, comes to the edge of the cornfield. He looks inhuman, like a macabre doll.
31) 0) text: Joseph staggers out onto the road, directly into the path the onrushing car. His hands are still at his throat and knees are already buckling.
33) 0) text: Everything happens extremely fast. Amidst the sound of screeching tires and brakes, the T-bird begins to skid. There's a loud THUMP as it strikes Joseph's body, which w crumpling even before impact.
35) 0) text: Joseph's body lies face down, turned away from Burt, who kneels beside it. He puts his hand to the boy's neck, fee for a pulse, and is confused when he withdraws his hand.
35) 2) text: Burt turns the body over. It flops boneless, lifelessly, its back. The eyes are open and we can see very plainly t Joseph's throat has been cut from ear to ear.
43) 0) text: Aftershock. Burt is driving. Very fast. Vicky is still reeling from the imagined (?) encounter with Joseph. She becoming hysterical again.
45) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are trying to make some sense of it all. Joseph's suitcase is on the seat between them.