24) 0) text: Joseph is flat on his back, panting and struggling, tryin get away from Malachai, who has pinned him to the ground a knee and an arm. Others must be holding Joseph by the f from the way he's stretched out. Corn silk is plastered t his neck and face, glued there by the sweat.
24) 1) text: A CIRCLE OF CHILDREN tightens around Joseph. They begin humming in an eerie, atonal way. A HAND grips Joseph's ha and jerks his head back. The boy's eyes widen, a look of sheer terror coming over him. Malachai raises a cornhuske knife over him. The humming increases in intensity.
40) 16) text: As the t-bird accelerates down the road, dwindling out of sight, Malachai steps out of the cornfield. He stares aft the car.
42) 22) dialog: Malachai stands there glaring at them, having slammed the butt end of his knife into the doorframe to get their attention.
44) 1) text: Malachai enters with Job and Sarah, still dressed in thei comical outfits. Isaac's and Malachai's clothes are in st contrast - the simple, black cloth we've seen before. Malachai salutes his leader with a touch of the knife to forehead. It is a pagan, barbarian gesture.
67) 1) text: Chester Diehl is the surrounded animal and he isn't going down without a fight. 50. He is flailing wildly with 'his long handled wrench, tryi to hit the black clad children who dart in and out of his reach. They are all armed with farm tools. They are led b Malachai. Diehl focuses on him.
107) 2) text: The room is lively and full of people. THE MUNICIPAL WORK of Gatlin, country folks in casual attire, are crowded ar A TRIO OF YOUNG CHILDREN who are handing out LEMONADE, an charging quarters for it. The kids have brought a PORTABL STAND into the room, complete with pitchers, ice and a si and a cup for change, and the adults are finding themselv amused and refreshed. 78. It takes a moment for the deadly poison in the drink to t effect, and as the shocked and confused people are trying figure out what's happening to them, AN OLDER GROUP of TEENAGERS, led by Malachai, charge in with their slaughte weapons. They cut their helpless victims down mercilessly
107) 4) text: Malachai expertly throws a knife after the police chief, Hotchkiss has slammed shut the door. The knife buries its in the wood.
108) 0) text: The house in which are Vicky and Sarah. A BLACK HAT COMES INTO FRAME, and then the body of the BOY wearing it. He i dressed in the black, cloth uniform we have seen. CAMERA WIDENS TO INCLUDE more than A DOZEN COMPANIONS. They are oldest boys we have seen, between 15 and 18 years old, an some of them are pretty big. All of them are scary. They have a hungry, lethal glint in their eyes. They've formed big semi-circle around Malachai, and they're humming thei weird song as they close in. All are armed.
112) 5) text: Malachai steps forward from the rear. He looks up at Vick with a blissed-out expression.
112) 8) text: Malachai lets slip his pups of war.
118) 1) dialog: Does He speak to you, Isaac?
118) 3) dialog: We now see that this is indeed no dream. The two are ther with her.
118) 13) text: She is being raised into the air. She sees Isaac below, a the departing Malachai. There are several other CHILDREN around, helping with the erecting of her cross. Only now does she realize that she is tied to a large, WOODEN CRUCIFIX. It is turned as it's raised, and she finds herself....
125) 6) text: Isaac holds out his hand and Malachai hurries to fetch hi ANOTHER BIBLE. Isaac opens this one to the corre-sponding page and reads for a beat. He looks up at the Minister, w says something to him which we do not hear. Whatever it i Isaac sneers at the older man. He takes something out of pocket and holds it up for the Minister.
126) 28) text: The BOY who ran out for Malachai bursts back in.
127) 3) text: Burt is running through town. He turns down a side street only to find Malachai and his bunch running towards him. does an about face and heads the other way, narrowly. avoiding the group that chased him out of the church.
127) 9) text: Malachai and his little Huns round the corner.
130) 0) text: The sun is low in the sky. It will be dusk in less than a hour. Isaac and Malachai are having a heated discussion. Malachai's leg is bleeding through ban-dages. Vicky, now unconscious, is still up on the cross next to The Blue Ma There are about A DOZEN BOYS present. They listen intentl to the argument. 101.
130) 9) text: ISAAC(cont 'd) Disobedience to me is disobedience to Him, He Who Walks Behind the Rows, and He will slay you with a thousand times a thousand deaths each more horrible than the last!!! Isaac's words fall on deaf ears, or at least changed mind The boys gather around Malachai, not to seize him but to accept him as their new leader. Malachai accepts the role matter-of-factly.
132) 0) text: Night is falling. There's a small glimmer of sun on the horizon, sinking fast. Malachai looks around. He calls ou to his unseen foe. 105.
134) 0) text: Malachai is still calling to Burt, baiting him with Vicky
136) 4) text: There is some HOSE and TUBING lying around the fixture. B picks up a length of the metal tubing and hefts it in his hand. He looks at Malachai differently now. Not more than feet separates them.
138) 0) text: Even more wind now, almost a gale. There is a single, gia death cloud over Gatlin. Burt uses the oppor-tunity to attack. Malachai and the others are so preoccupied with what's going on out in the cornfield that they've allowed themselves to be caught off guard.
138) 1) text: Vicky sees Burt charging. She jerks her body around so th Malachai’s back is turned into Burt. Burt slugs him with pipe and butts him with his good shoulder. Malachai spraw to the ground.
138) 4) text: Vicky has run to the barn. Burt is trying to catch up to but the circle of boys has closed around him. He lashes o with the pipe, scattering some of them in front, but sudd his knees go out from under him as Malachai tackles him f behind. They roll in the dirt, Malachai pressing down wit his knife while Burt tries to resist him with his left, h The boys do not intercede, sensing this is Malachai's fig They are also a bit intimidated by Burt. He's the first "man" many of them have had to deal with in some time.
138) 5) text: Burt bucks Malachai with his leg, giving himself-;just en time and room to swat him across the face with the pipe. 110. Malachai goes over on his back and Burt is instantly on t of him. He whacks the knife out of the boy's hand, then g him by the throat with his right hand (the bad shoulder s and raises the pipe over his head. He is completely in control of his dazed adversary. Malachai's life is in his hands.
138) 8) text: SEVERAL OF THE BOYS runs away, so frightened are they by "declaration" from the cornfield. Burt rises to his feet, staring out at the darkness in awe and wonder. He forgets about Malachai, which is a mistake, and begins instinctiv to move towards the barn for Vicky.
138) 9) text: Malachai scrambles to his knees. He looks at the remainin boys.
138) 16) dialog: He starts backing up. Alone. The look on his face is not demonstrable terror, or horror, or fright. It is way beyo that, so far that there is little emotion left with which express what it is. He's trembling and sweating profusely His hands and feet are like lead. He tries to flee from t oncoming demon but he can't seem to move.
138) 17) text: Isaac catches up to Malachai, hissing and growling like a animal as he leaps upon him. Malachai buries his knife up the hilt in Isaac's chest, but it doesn't even faze the smaller "boy." Isaac is already long since dead. He drags Malachai back into the corn with irresistible strength. Malachai's screams echo through the town.