2) 0) text: SARAH, an angelic blonde haired girl of four years, is tossing and turning in bed. Her face is feverish and flus
2) 1) dialog: HER MOTHER is visible in another room on the phone, talki with her husband, Job and Sarah's father. Semi-conscious her fever, Sarah spills a box of CRAYONS and clutches a B one. Without looking, she begins scrawling on a piece of MANILA PAPER.
5) 9) dialog: She is scribbling like mad, seemingly unaware of what she doing or drawing.
7) 0) text: Sarah is still in bed but is resting quietly now. CAMERA ZOOMS IN SLOWLY to the PICTURE she has completed.
8) 0) text: ESTABLISHING SHOT. It is red brick, two levels; a real li version of the hotel in Sarah's picture.
12) 5) dialog: Me tooooooo. 13.
12) 9) dialog: But we don't like it here!
12) 19) dialog: But what about....? She doesn't finish. She doesn't need to.
12) 23) dialog: nod in agreement like two good little soldiers. They cros their hearts with their fingers and then motion as if sticking something in their eyes. It is a children's oath taken in the way of children - with the utmost solemnity sincerity.
12) 27) text: Job and Sarah race to the town side of the barn and look cautiously around. Simultaneously they shout back to Jose at the tops of their lungs. 15.
12) 28) dialog: 
12) 31) dialog: They stand there watching disappointedly as their friend makes good his escape. They remain fixed, frightened and silent.
42) 0) text: Job and Sarah are playing MONOPOLY. They're dressed to th hilt in the clothes of some former adult residents. The clothes are far too large and the garnishing far too elaborate, which make them perfect for these two hams. Jo swimming in a suit and tie outfit complete with hat, pipe a handkerchief in the pocket. He looks absolutely dashing Sarah is in a glittering gown, also a hat, jewelry and lo of makeup. A small, battery-powered record player is grin out TONY BENNET’S “I LEFT MY HEART IN SAN FRANCISCO” next them. On the floor by Sarah is a piece of manila drawing paper and a bunch of crayons. As they play.
42) 2) dialog: Me too.
42) 4) dialog: Why not?
42) 6) dialog: I'll get it first.
42) 8) dialog: Will too. 31.
42) 11) text: Sarah giggles deliriously while Job counts off the spaces with his piece, THE COWBOY ON HORSEBACK. He purposely miscounts and places his player on GO. Sarah catches him immediately. She moves the piece back to its rightful pla on Boardwalk.
42) 12) dialog: Uh-uh, Job.
42) 14) dialog: Thirteen thousand, hundred dollars. She puts out her hand for the payoff. Job gives her twent and some ones. Still, it's painful for him to have to pay anything, least of all to her. He covers this up with a child's ploy: diversion. He grabs the piece on Boardwalk.
42) 18) text: Job quickly reaches down and changes the numbers so they out to 4. He and Sarah squeal with delight as Isaac is trudged off to jail. 32.
42) 19) dialog: What if he gets a "Get Out Of Jail Free" card? Job quickly fans through the pile of CHANGE CARDS and extracts all of the GET OUT OF JAIL FREE CARDS. He tosses them over his shoulder.
42) 21) dialog: They look towards the door at the same time. There is fea in their expressions.
44) 1) text: Malachai enters with Job and Sarah, still dressed in thei comical outfits. Isaac's and Malachai's clothes are in st contrast - the simple, black cloth we've seen before. Malachai salutes his leader with a touch of the knife to forehead. It is a pagan, barbarian gesture.
75) 0) text: Job and Sarah are sitting on the dusty porch of the house where we first saw them (inside). They're still dressed i their costumes. They look like caricatures of two anachronistic, broken down aristocrats. 58.
75) 1) dialog: Now what do we do?
75) 3) dialog: How?
75) 5) dialog: No.
75) 10) dialog: They're gone, Jobie. They're in the corn.
75) 12) dialog: (resigned) He's always been here. Just like He Who Walks Behind The Rows. 59. They sit there on the edge of the porch, legs dangling ov the side, Job pouting and Sarah contemplating.
95) 0) text: We recognize from the bed and bulletin board that this is bedroom Sarah was sick in three years ago when her father on the phone with her mother, x just before he was murder Only now, on that bulletin board, are tacked ALL OF THE PICTURES we've thus seen of her" stick figure prophesies. The bedroom looks like it hasn't been used in a long time at least cleaned, and is dusty and full of cobwebs, but t crayon drawings on the manila paper are a child's illustrations of the nightmare that took over Gatlin.
96) 0) text: Burt stops dead in his tracks, finding himself staring do an equally frightened and surprised Sarah. Vicky enters t bedroom a BEAT later. Burt begins to laugh. Vicky joins h They laugh almost as hard as Vicky did in the car when sh saw the signs outside Gatlin, but they stop themselves wh they realize how frightened the child is.
96) 3) dialog: (sheepish) Sarah.
96) 11) dialog: They're in the cornfield.
96) 13) dialog: All the grownups are there.
96) 15) dialog: (frustrated, a little frightened) Noooo! Isaac put them there!
96) 18) dialog: Our leader. Now Burt is getting frustrated and a little impatient.
96) 20) dialog: Of everybody. Burt throws up his hands and walks over to the window. He had enough of this conversation, and frankly so have I. V keeps at it with Sarah, turning even sweeter and more pat in the wake of Burt's reaction.
96) 22) dialog: (very grave) Uhhhh-uhhhh.
98) 1) dialog: He's scary! Burt looks out at the cornfield after his momentary respi
98) 3) text: VICKY(cont'd) Sarah, it's very important that we speak to some grownups as soon as possible. Is there anyone around that you can think of?
100) 1) dialog: They're gone.
100) 3) dialog: Into the corn! Burt intervenes.
106) 0) text: Sarah is sitting on the floor, Vicky on the bed. Vicky tr to calm herself by calming Sarah.
106) 5) dialog: Not supposed to.
106) 8) dialog: Malachai.
106) 10) dialog: (brightening) Okay. She arranges the paper and crayons and begins drawing. Sh so sweet and adorable that Vicky can hardly take her eyes of her.
108) 0) text: The house in which are Vicky and Sarah. A BLACK HAT COMES INTO FRAME, and then the body of the BOY wearing it. He i dressed in the black, cloth uniform we have seen. CAMERA WIDENS TO INCLUDE more than A DOZEN COMPANIONS. They are oldest boys we have seen, between 15 and 18 years old, an some of them are pretty big. All of them are scary. They have a hungry, lethal glint in their eyes. They've formed big semi-circle around Malachai, and they're humming thei weird song as they close in. All are armed.
110) 5) dialog: Fine.
110) 7) dialog: (innocent, angelic) You.
110) 9) dialog: Yes. She finishes a couple of strokes and hands the picture to Vicky.
110) 11) text: We can tell from Sarah's expectant face that she has absolutely no idea that what she's drawn is bad in any wa Vicky is about to rebuke her when we hear the sound of GL BREAKING. Vicky whips around and looks out the doorway.
113) 1) text: The door gives way and the boys, like giant black rats, p into the room. Vicky picks up a lamp and throws it at the Sarah remains seated on the floor, frozen, staring fearfu at the proceedings. 83.
113) 3) text: Sarah is left untouched and alone in the room. She hasn't moved through the whole thing. Her wide, terror-stricken tell the whole story. He lip trembles.
117) 0) text: Burt charges in, wild eyed and maniacal. The sight that greets him is Sarah, who is shaking and whimpering in the corner. A LINE OF BLOOD shows where Vicky was dragged out the room. Burt kneels next to the little girl.
117) 3) text: BURT(cont 'd) She could be your mother. Please! Please! The urgency in his voice, perhaps that last line, reaches something in Sarah. She surfaces briefly.
117) 4) dialog: Malachai....
129) 0) text: In the dim light of a KEROSENE LAMP, Burt finds himself i homemade bomb shelter. It is a 30 x 30 room packed with supplies - cots, food (canned and dried), medical supplie books, tools, etc - everything a "survivalist" would stoc for about three months. Sarah is sitting at a small table staring at Burt. She is in her "adult" costume also. Burt scans the room with his eyes, finally coming back to the little boy in the strange outfit who says ecstatically:
131) 11) dialog: No! You can't. It's almost night. 104.
131) 13) dialog: Night is His time.
134) 7) text: Burt has to resist the temptation to run directly to Vick aid. Job and Sarah now see what he is looking at.
139) 0) text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah join the other six Children wh are huddled in here, frightened out of their wits.
143) 27) text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah, and all of the others, watch, glow from the continuing flames casting a healing light o their faces. Vicky is leaning against Burt. In her hand, is still clutching the page from Revelations. -end-