8) 5) dialog: 
8) 7) text: Burt jumps up with a start. His girlfriend VICKY BAXTER i foot away from him shouting and blowing a party-blower in face. The feathered end of it unfurls and tickles his fac Vicky is about Burt's age, wearing a sexy, flimsy nightgo and a party hat. She throws her arms around her frightene lover.
8) 8) dialog: Happy birthday, darling! She's giggling mischievously over the fright her little surprise has caused him, and assuages any damage done wit seductive kiss. Burt's heart rate begins a slow descent towards normal as Vicky hands him a SHEET OF PAPER, rolle into a scroll and wrapped in tissue with a ribbon around
8) 9) dialog: Present number one. Burt laughs self-consciously and takes the paper. He unwr and unrolls it and looks at what it is.
8) 14) dialog: It did. But I had a little nest egg I was saving just for this.... She pulls out another wrapped gift, this one a long, rectangular box.
8) 15) dialog: And this.... Burt can't believe the windfall. He opens the box with ev more self-conscious delight. He holds up a beautiful WATC His jaw drops. Vicky is equally delighted and excited by reaction.
8) 16) dialog: Look on the back. Burt turns the watch over and looks closely.
8) 20) text: Vicky makes no move to answer the door. In fact, she look as if it's completely unexpected. Burt, still in his unde shorts, walks over.
8) 26) dialog: When the bell girl does finish, Burt is beside himself looking for a couple of dollars to give her as a tip. Vic watches, as he fumbles through his pants pockets, the bel girl not completely oblivious to his attentions.
8) 27) dialog: Watches quietly as he hands the woman the tip. There isa hurt, knowing expression on her (Vicky's) face.
9) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are on the road in the blue T-bird. The ba seat is filled with CLOTHES, SPORTING EQUIPMENT, A COOLER PAPER BAGS, etc., and empty FAST FOOD CONTAINERS AND WRAP are threatening to overflow from a garbage bag and the ashtray.
9) 2) dialog: To me it’s something. To you it is nothing.
9) 4) dialog: (Relenting) I wouldn't mind if it was you. As a matter of fact, it sounds kinda kinky. She gives him a slightly grin, which he smiles at. The tension evaporates. Burt reaches across the seat and hugs to him, driving with one hand.
9) 7) dialog: Got it. 12. He gives her a reassuring hug.
14) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are bored and quiet, lost in separate thoughts.
16) 2) dialog: Maybe they've discovered music... 16. She flips the knob and a PREACHER'S VOICE fills the car
16) 4) dialog: Hallelujah!
16) 15) dialog: Hallelujah, amen, peanut butter, white bread, and Donnie and Marie.
16) 17) dialog: No room for commitments. 17.
19) 0) text: Burt gets out. Vicky remains inside but the windows are o
19) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
19) 3) dialog: Can I watch?
19) 5) dialog: That's okay. I'm crazy about you anyway. Burt is transfixed by the corn. He doesn't respond, or ev turn around.
19) 6) dialog: Burt? Is anything wrong? That snaps him out of it. He looks back at her and smiles
19) 10) dialog: She's still in the car, leaning out the window.
19) 11) dialog: No. What? A beat.
19) 13) dialog: Oh boy! Somebody's been in the car too long.
21) 0) text: Vicky gets out of the car and walks towards the corn.
21) 1) dialog: Burt? Are you alright? Nothing.
21) 2) dialog: Say something. Anything. I'm all ears. (beat) Burt, that was supposed to be funny. The only answer is a SOFT, RUSTLING SOUND from the impenetrable field. It's almost like a whisper, and it spooks Vicky a little.
23) 1) text: Vicky crashes into him from the blind side. He grabs violently in a reflex reaction.
23) 2) dialog: Well, if this is how it affects you, we’ll have to come here more often! Burt stares at her, catching his breath. He continues clutching her shoulders.
23) 4) dialog: You were expecting maybe Jaqueline Bisset? Burt wraps his arms around her. It is at once a gesture o relief, friendship, protectiveness and sensuality.
23) 5) dialog: I knew you were kinky.
23) 7) dialog: Why? Things are starting to get interesting. (beat) You alright?
23) 9) dialog: (reluctant) Okay.... He starts to guide her straight ahead. She pushes him on angle.
23) 10) dialog: That way. They exit the cornfield.
25) 0) text: Safe within the car, Burt and Vicky have calmed down considerably. 22.
25) 2) dialog: Maybe it was just cornophobia.
25) 4) dialog: I think it wasn’t too far on the map.
28) 0) text: Vicky is fishing through the glove compartment, looking f the map. She has PAPERS, TISSUES, HAND-WIPES, A COMB, THE CAR REGISTRATION, everything in her hand but the map.
28) 1) dialog: Here it is. She extracts it from a STUCKEY'S BAG on the floor. A WAD DRIED KETCHUP stains the front. 23. She begins unfolding it across the dash. She studies Burt with a knowing smile.
28) 2) dialog: I wonder how it got in there....?
30) 0) text: Vicky and Burt are studying the map, which partially obsc their view through the windshield. Vicky is pointing.
30) 1) dialog: You see? This way goes to Grand Island, and this looks like it cuts out towards the highway.
30) 3) dialog: I don't know. It's not on here. Burt leans over closer.
32) 0) text: Vicky barely has time to scream. 24.
32) 1) dialog: 
34) 0) text: Burt is fighting the wheel. The tires are still screechin Vicky is one long, piercing scream. As the car comes toa shuddering, quivering halt, she is thrown face first into windshield. Burt, wearing his seatbelt, goes forward and sharply. There's silence except for the sound of the idli motor.
34) 1) text: Burt moves quickly. He rips off his seatbelt and cradles Vicky in his arms, examining the nasty bruise that has already formed on her cheekbone.
34) 4) dialog: That was an animal, right Burt? Please tell me it was an animal. 25. Burt suddenly remembers the boy.
35) 4) dialog: Is he....?
35) 6) text: Vicky turns away suddenly and gags. Burt rushes to her.
35) 7) dialog: Oh my God.... 26. Burt comforts her and starts leading her back to the car.
35) 9) dialog: Why? What are you going to do?
35) 11) dialog: No! Where are you going??? They reach the car. Burt opens the door for her.
35) 13) dialog: What?
36) 0) dialog: Vicky is in shock, resting dazedly in the front seat. Her head is back against the headrest and her eyes are closed She's sobbing softly. If her eyes were open, she would see Malachai emerge from corn about 50 feet ahead. She would see him pause, the bl cornhusker's knife still in his hand, and then approach t car. She doesn't see this, BUT WE DO.
38) 0) dialog: Vicky comes out of her stupor and looks through the windshield. She sees Malachai standing in front of the ca with his malignant stare. VICKY SCREAMS and lunges for th car horn. She pounds on it, frantically looking behind he for any sign of Burt, then whips around to see that, Mala is gone.
40) 0) text: Vicky is unglued. She gets out of the car, near hysteria. She begins to walk back towards the body.
40) 1) dialog: Burt? Burt, where are you?
40) 3) text: Vicky approaches the body. She cups her hands to her mout and begins to cry. She is unable to take her eyes off of She kneels next to it.
40) 4) dialog: (to body) You poor thing. You poor, dear boy. And suddenly, violently, Joseph lurches up, causing the blanket to fall away from his hideous, blood drenched bod and deathly white face. He reaches for Vicky's neck. She screams and jumps back, continuing to scream and back ped until....
40) 8) dialog: Oh Burt! Where'd you go??? I kneeled down next to... 29. She suddenly remembers and whips around.
40) 10) dialog: He sat up. He tried to grab me...
40) 13) dialog: Don’t go-leave him.
40) 14) text: Vicky takes the suitcase. Burt goes to the body, securing blanket under it. They walk grimly to the car
40) 15) text: Vicky waits while Burt puts the body in the trunk along with the tire iron, which he's had tucked into his belt. Vicky hands him the suitcase in the front seat. He and Vi get in quickly.
43) 0) text: Aftershock. Burt is driving. Very fast. Vicky is still reeling from the imagined (?) encounter with Joseph. She becoming hysterical again.
43) 1) dialog: ...and then he sat up and tried to grab me and I could see...Oh God...it looked like his throat had been cut.
43) 3) dialog: I didn’t! Why are you insisting that???
43) 5) dialog: How could I know what? Burt realizes he’s given something away, and now he has t tell her what happened. He doesn’t know how to say it.
43) 7) dialog: What do you mean? What are you saying?
43) 9) dialog: Then it’s true! He did...
43) 11) dialog: (ignoring him) But how could getting hit by a car...?
45) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are trying to make some sense of it all. Joseph's suitcase is on the seat between them.
45) 1) dialog: But why? Why would anybody do that to a...a kid?
45) 3) dialog: Could it have been an accident? Some kind of farm machine, maybe?
45) 5) dialog: Whoever killed him...do you think he saw us? Burt doesn't answer. 36.
45) 6) dialog: I felt like we were being watched.
45) 8) dialog: Then the murderer might have been in there when you...Didn't you realize???
45) 10) dialog: Let's open it.
45) 12) dialog: Funny how we haven't seen another car or truck.
45) 14) dialog: I wonder if he lived there.
45) 16) dialog: I'd like to know. I think we have a right to know. In fact, maybe we ought to. Burt looks down at the suitcase.
45) 18) dialog: Yech Burt reaches for the radio.
45) 24) dialog: (echoing) And does it get into the corn?
47) 0) text: Vicky fishes through the suitcase, reaching underneath th top layer of CLOTHES. She finds something, and recoils in fright.
47) 1) dialog: Oh my God!
47) 4) dialog: Not in my book.
47) 6) dialog: I think it's repulsive. Burt's eye catches something up ahead.
50) 11) text: Burt looks to Vicky. Burt sighs heavily. Diehl takes a closer look at the stranger. Diehl squeals at Burt.
51) 0) text: Vicky is watching the men. Sarge POPS UP by her window, scaring the breath out of her. He is slobbering over a ca COKE that he holds in his mouth. He drops it in her lap. pats him on the head.
51) 1) dialog: Thanks, fella.
57) 0) text: Vicky has begun taking things out of the suitcase and fol them neatly on the seat.
57) 1) dialog: There's nothing much in here. Just kid's stuff. Clothes, a compass, a pocket knife, matches and an apple.
57) 3) dialog: Oh, Burt...Look, maybe he was hoping to go to the university...
57) 5) dialog: Why. ..Why?
59) 0) text: Burt and Vicky consider the road through the windshield.
59) 2) dialog: What about what the gas station guy said?
59) 4) dialog: Well, let's just do whatever's fastest. Burt drives forward and turns left onto Gatlin Road. It's EXTREMELY NARROW, even more claustrophobic than the one t were just on.
61) 0) text: The car comes to the top of a rise and Burt and Vicky are treated to a panorama of..MORE CORN. Burt puts on the bra
61) 2) dialog: That sign was damaged in the last ice age.
61) 4) dialog: (spooked) Why don't we just go back and take the road to Hemingford?
61) 6) dialog: When you have a body in the trunk....
65) 0) text: Both Burt and Vicky are nervous now, spooked and disorien Both speak with a frantic edge in their voices.
65) 1) dialog: This isn't the way! I'm telling you!
65) 4) text: They come to a wall of corn where the road ends in a perpendicular T. Burt squeals the brakes and he and Vicky hear things toppling in the trunk.
65) 5) dialog: What was that?
65) 7) dialog: Are you sure?
65) 9) dialog: I mean about the boy. Are you sure he was dead?
69) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are silent. They come to another T. Burt h the brakes, suddenly coming to the realization that the c is his adversary. 51.
69) 1) dialog: (losing it) Oh God! We're never going to get out of here!
69) 3) dialog: Then tell me where we are! He answers with another left turn.
69) 6) dialog: I think you're right! This looks like the first one we were on.
70) 0) text: The t-bird comes hurtling TOWARDS THE CAMERA. As it fills the frame, it slows to a. halt. Burt and Vicky sit motionless, staring in disbelief at something that is BEH THE CAMERA.
70) 1) text: The car doors open on both sides. Burt and Vicky get out move towards something OFF SCREEN. Their expressions show bewilderment and revulsion.
70) 3) dialog: stare at it, comprehending only on a subliminal level. Vicky.is cringing, beyond words. Burt steps forward. He looks at Vicky.
70) 4) dialog: Her eyes have the look of a crippled gazelle that knows i being pursued by lions. She has somehow read her own deat sentence in this.
70) 5) text: Burt walks over to her. He has found a reservoir of stren in all this horror. He rejects Vicky's obvious fatalism.
71) 6) text: Vicky gets out of the car and calls to him.
71) 7) dialog: Maybe he's inside, in the bathroom or something.
71) 11) dialog: Not on your life.
72) 0) text: Burt and Vicky enter the office. It is exactly as it was we saw Diehl in p.t except for one, glaring incongruity. THERE IS CORN EVERYWHERE. Ears, leaves, stalks and silk} piled on the desk, stuffed in the water cooler, heaped in garbage pail, etc. It is macabre, eerie. Vicky gasps; Bur tightens.
72) 1) text: Burt puts his face up to the glass window on the door tha separates the office from the garage bay. 54. The bay is dark inside, and Burt had to wipe the dirt off window to see what little he can do. INT. GARAGE BAY - OFFICE DOOR - CAMERA’S POV The door between the bay and the office opens and, after brief hesitation, Burt and Vicky enter the dim room. It i illuminated from light coming from the outside and the office, but shadows fall everywhere.
72) 2) text: Burt AND Vicky enter cautiously, making as little noise a possible. They look around. The place is a mess, having been torn apart during Diehl’s struggle wit the Children. Only THE MERCURY remains untouched, an island of stabilit amidst the destruction. Burt and Vicky move towards it.
72) 3) text: Vicky’s elbow hits a HUBCAP on a WORKBENCH. It falls to t floor with a loud CLATTER! She and Burt jump simultaneous stifling their alarm the instant they realize what it is.
72) 5) text: Vicky taps him on the shoulder. She points to a corn leaf protruding on a funny angle from the underneath the car. Burt kneels down and looks under the car. It is piled wit corn, which he tries to pull out but can’t.
72) 6) text: Burt gets up the dust off his pants. Vicky looks at him quizzically. He doesn’t say anything, instead goes over t the LIFT CONTROL and pushes down the lever.
77) 0) text: Vicky is leaning against the door staring out the window. She looks haggard and beaten.
77) 2) dialog: Would it have saved that old man? Burt looks at her, surprised by the question and concerne the tone.
77) 5) dialog: Did you see those signs? The ones on the side of the road? Gales of laughter now. 60.
77) 6) dialog: There! There are some more. Slow down.
79) 0) text: Vicky's laughter is subsiding, but slowly. She's had a mu needed belly laugh. Burt doesn't really think it's funny, he's glad Vicky does.
79) 1) dialog: (wiping tears) They only forgot one thing.
79) 3) dialog: "Burma Shave."
79) 5) dialog: I will be. Just as soon as we're a thousand miles from here in sunny, sinful California with the Rocky Mountains between us and all this. (beat) Look, here are some more.
81) 0) text: As Vicky and Burt get their first glimpse of the town.
82) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are checking out the town. There's a quiet tense apprehension about it that they share.
82) 1) dialog: Looks like The Twilight Zone.
85) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are feeling more and more apprehensive. There's obviously something wrong here. Burt is going ver slowly, almost reluctant to proceed further into this pla 62.
85) 2) dialog: I hope not.
87) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are checking it out.
87) 2) dialog: Unless a ghost is using it. Unlike when we last saw it, there is no sign of what went here. All of the tables and chairs are set up, the booths clean and the counter spotless. The only thing lacking is any sign of recent use.
87) 3) text: As Burt and Vicky enter. The door closing behind them muffles a sound from the kitchen.
88) 0) text: Burt and Vicky are about to leave when they hear a NOISE the kitchen. Burt starts towards the kitchen door but Vic grabs him.
88) 1) dialog: Burt! Please! Don't go in there.
88) 3) dialog: Please! Something's wrong. I can feel it. I've been feeling it ever since we got here. Let's just get in the car. Now. We'll drive to Hemingford. Or Grand Island. Anywhere.
88) 5) dialog: Please. Humor me. TI don't want you to go in there! The urgency in her voice, her insistence, wins him.
89) 0) text: The boys, both around 12, dart off, leaving the door open Burt dashes out after them, several steps ahead of Vicky, isn't quick enough to catch them
90) 1) dialog: What are you going to do when you catch them?
91) 1) dialog: (nervous) Look, we're already in the car. Why don't we just continue on to Hemingford. It'll take us twenty minutes.
91) 3) dialog: Yeah. A couple of kids who tried to break into our car. Burt debates.
91) 5) dialog: And what happened to him. The thought chills her.
91) 8) dialog: What?
91) 10) dialog: I didn't see anything.
91) 12) dialog: Why? I thought we were going.
91) 14) dialog: We don't know anything. I was looking over there. I didn't see it.
91) 16) dialog: Don't patronize me, Burt.
92) 0) text: Burt is up the steps to the porch in two bounds. Vicky ta longer. She's nervous and sullen. Only a SCREEN DOOR separates them from the inside. Burt shouts through it.
92) 3) dialog: You see? I told you. Now can we go? Burt frowns. He pauses for a beat, then opens the door an pokes his head in.
92) 4) dialog: Burt! This is somebody's house!
93) 2) text: Burt and Vicky look at each other. Neither likes the feel about this place.
94) 4) dialog: Well, it certainly goes with the decor.
94) 6) dialog: Yeah. Who else would avoid us! I mean, it's not like we've got a body in the trunk.
94) 8) dialog: Why don't we sit down and make ourselves comfortable. (MORE)
94) 9) text: VICKY(cont'd) I'm sure nobody'1ll mind if we pour the first drinks. Then when the City Council shows up....
94) 11) dialog: Don't you dare. Burt is like a puppy who's spied a squirrel up in a tree. thinks he has. He shushes her, his eyes never leaving the ceiling as he moves towards the staircase.
94) 12) dialog: Burt! This is ridiculous! I'm getting really angry.
94) 14) dialog: (shouting whisper ) All the more reason to get out now! Burt is already walking up the stairs. Very slowly and quietly, his eyes constantly on the landing above. Vicky pouts and sulks and sighs and fidgets at the bottom, know she's unable to stop him. His curiosity is contagious as as she'd like to deny it.
94) 15) text: Burt slinks up the staircase like a cat stalking an unsuspecting bird. ANOTHER NOISE, FOLLOWED BY FOOT-STEPS. stops and looks at Vicky.
94) 16) dialog: As her eyes meet Burt’s. Someone is sneaking around up there. They both know it, but Vicky fears it more.
94) 18) text: Burt gets to the first landing. He checks ahead -the stai now reverse direction - then looks back at Vicky one last time. He is visibly more tense now. He's starting to swea and his breath quickens. He takes a step forward, and cre a floorboard himself. It freezes him to the spot. After a beat, he continues.
96) 0) text: Burt stops dead in his tracks, finding himself staring do an equally frightened and surprised Sarah. Vicky enters t bedroom a BEAT later. Burt begins to laugh. Vicky joins h They laugh almost as hard as Vicky did in the car when sh saw the signs outside Gatlin, but they stop themselves wh they realize how frightened the child is.
96) 2) dialog: Well hello! What a darling little girl. What's your name?
96) 4) dialog: Sarah. That's a lovely name. I'm Vicky, and this is Burt. Sarah won't look at Burt. She steals a glance at Vicky.
96) 6) dialog: Do you live here? Sarah shakes her head no.
96) 10) dialog: Are your mommy and daddy around, Sarah? Sarah answers as if that's a stupid question, but the tho of the answer saddens her anyway.
96) 12) dialog: What are they doing there?
96) 17) dialog: Tell us who Isaac is, darling. 72.
96) 21) dialog: Could you take us to Isaac?
96) 24) dialog: Why not?
98) 2) dialog: (to Sarah) (MORE)
98) 3) text: VICKY(cont'd) Sarah, it's very important that we speak to some grownups as soon as possible. Is there anyone around that you can think of?
100) 0) text: Burt rubs his eyes and accepts the possibility that stres getting to him. He walks back to Vicky.
100) 2) dialog: Gone where?
100) 5) dialog: Give her a chance, honey. She keeps saying the townspeople are out in the cornfield. (to Sarah) Right, sweetheart? All of the grownups are in the corn? Sarah nods affirmatively. There is a chilling quality to innocence with which she does this.
100) 7) dialog: (alarmed) Why? 74.
100) 9) dialog: I just thought she could help us.
100) 11) dialog: Alright. Maybe somebody will come for her.
100) 13) dialog: Burt?...Do you think it's...safe? A beat. Burt isn't sure, but he doesn't want to scare her
100) 15) dialog: For either of us?
106) 0) text: Sarah is sitting on the floor, Vicky on the bed. Vicky tr to calm herself by calming Sarah.
106) 1) dialog: Well, I guess it's just you and me. Sarah smiles at her. She is a lot less nervous than Vicky
106) 2) dialog: So tell me, what were you doing here all by yourself? Just playing records? Sarah balks, tugs at her dress.
106) 3) dialog: Ah, come on. You can tell me. Sarah looks at her, wondering if she can trust her, then gives in. She points to her paper and crayons.
106) 4) dialog: Drawing? What's so secret about that?
106) 6) dialog: You're not supposed to draw? 77. Sarah nods affirmative.
106) 7) dialog: Says who? Isaac? A negative shake of the head from Sarah.
106) 9) dialog: Malachai? Now who's....Never mind. I tell you what. You draw me a picture and we'll just not tell Malachai, or Isaac, or anyone at all. How about it?
108) 0) text: The house in which are Vicky and Sarah. A BLACK HAT COMES INTO FRAME, and then the body of the BOY wearing it. He i dressed in the black, cloth uniform we have seen. CAMERA WIDENS TO INCLUDE more than A DOZEN COMPANIONS. They are oldest boys we have seen, between 15 and 18 years old, an some of them are pretty big. All of them are scary. They have a hungry, lethal glint in their eyes. They've formed big semi-circle around Malachai, and they're humming thei weird song as they close in. All are armed.
110) 4) dialog: How's it coming?
110) 6) dialog: What is it?
110) 8) dialog: (delighted) Oh! Can I see?
110) 11) text: We can tell from Sarah's expectant face that she has absolutely no idea that what she's drawn is bad in any wa Vicky is about to rebuke her when we hear the sound of GL BREAKING. Vicky whips around and looks out the doorway.
112) 0) text: Vicky comes out of the bedroom and stops at the top of th stairs.
112) 1) dialog: (anxious, tentative) Burt? Is that you? She walks down the short staircase. The answer, at first, silence. Then, softly, the humming. Vicky listens, and clutches in her right hand the picture Sarah drew. Curios gets the better of her. Ever so slowly, she tiptoes down the top of the second landing and looks down.
112) 3) dialog: (shouts) Who are you? 82. They hum steadily. Vicky shouts even louder. She's terrified.
112) 4) dialog: What do you want? The humming stops abruptly.
112) 7) text: Vicky figures that one out in a hurry. She lunges back upstairs, tripping and stumbling in her haste.
113) 0) text: Vicky runs into the bedroom SCREAMING AT THE TOP OF HER LUNGS. She slams the door and frantically pulls a CHEST O DRAWERS against it just as the first wave of boys arrives Their initial charge is dulled by the unexpected weight o the furniture, but it is obvious they won't be stopped. Vicky, still screaming, pushes against the door with all might. A HATCHET blasts through, cutting her arm and splintering the wood. Vicky screams again and clutches at arm.
113) 1) text: The door gives way and the boys, like giant black rats, p into the room. Vicky picks up a lamp and throws it at the Sarah remains seated on the floor, frozen, staring fearfu at the proceedings. 83.
116) 2) dialog: He runs up the stairs.
116) 4) dialog: 
117) 0) text: Burt charges in, wild eyed and maniacal. The sight that greets him is Sarah, who is shaking and whimpering in the corner. A LINE OF BLOOD shows where Vicky was dragged out the room. Burt kneels next to the little girl.
118) 0) text: CLOSEUP. Vicky is lying on something, flat on her back somewhere in the cornfield. It's a large clearing. She is only semi-conscious. Bruised and bloody, she drifts in an out of awareness. She seems to be hearing voices, which w also hear.
118) 11) dialog: She struggles to open her eyes and see where the voices a coming from. 88.
118) 15) dialog: Her horror and revulsion are too intense even for a screa She presses back as hard as she can against the cross, ba away from her fate.
119) 0) text: Burt is running - along a wall of the corn, frantically screaming for Vicky. He is hot, tired and out of breath. is also intensely determined. He rips the corn plants out the way.
119) 1) text: Burt is lost, or at least he doesn't know where to begin. All he knows is that Vicky may be out here somewhere, undergoing some unspeakable torture. He tries another direction.
123) 0) text: Burt looks around. He sees the gasohol drums, the still, FAIRLY MODERN TRACTOR, and basic FARM IMPLEMENTS. But no Vicky. He heads to the church.
130) 0) text: The sun is low in the sky. It will be dusk in less than a hour. Isaac and Malachai are having a heated discussion. Malachai's leg is bleeding through ban-dages. Vicky, now unconscious, is still up on the cross next to The Blue Ma There are about A DOZEN BOYS present. They listen intentl to the argument. 101.
134) 0) text: Malachai is still calling to Burt, baiting him with Vicky
134) 2) dialog: Burt! Don't.... Malachai clasps a hand over her mouth, muffling her warni
138) 1) text: Vicky sees Burt charging. She jerks her body around so th Malachai’s back is turned into Burt. Burt slugs him with pipe and butts him with his good shoulder. Malachai spraw to the ground.
138) 4) text: Vicky has run to the barn. Burt is trying to catch up to but the circle of boys has closed around him. He lashes o with the pipe, scattering some of them in front, but sudd his knees go out from under him as Malachai tackles him f behind. They roll in the dirt, Malachai pressing down wit his knife while Burt tries to resist him with his left, h The boys do not intercede, sensing this is Malachai's fig They are also a bit intimidated by Burt. He's the first "man" many of them have had to deal with in some time.
138) 8) text: SEVERAL OF THE BOYS runs away, so frightened are they by "declaration" from the cornfield. Burt rises to his feet, staring out at the darkness in awe and wonder. He forgets about Malachai, which is a mistake, and begins instinctiv to move towards the barn for Vicky.
138) 18) text: Burt turns to the barn and sees that Vicky has witnessed spectacle. 112. The Children who ran into the barn are huddled around her She meets Burt halfway to the barn and they embrace passionately.
138) 21) text: Burt, Vicky and the children are physically jarred by the power of the roar. The monstrous sounds continue as light and lightning shatter the darkness, accompanied by a ragi wind that tosses debris in every direction. It's as if th monster is going to destroy the entire town.
139) 0) text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah join the other six Children wh are huddled in here, frightened out of their wits.
139) 1) dialog: What do we do?
139) 4) dialog: What if we run for it. Try to make it to the road. Burt looks at the children, and Vicky's wounds.
141) 1) text: Burt fights his frustration. He looks at Vicky, who has read the page over his shoulder.
141) 6) dialog: But how?
141) 12) dialog: Where??? What??? Are you crazy??? Burt ignores her. He barks an order at the kids.
143) 22) text: Vicky and the rest of the children venture a look, so gre is the noise and the heat.
143) 23) dialog: (seeing the flames) Oh my God! Buuuurrrrrt! She goes running to him, all of the Children following.
143) 27) text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah, and all of the others, watch, glow from the continuing flames casting a healing light o their faces. Vicky is leaning against Burt. In her hand, is still clutching the page from Revelations. -end-