5) 6) dialog: We couldn't have redirected the flight path without your help. Bosley puffs, proud. He speaks over the ever-growing pile of chutes, body suits, goggles, the dashiki...
5) 10) dialog: If it's on Charlie, we will. The Angels share a laugh as they arrive in their sassy duds at a private beach club, where a WAITER greets them with a tray of champagne flutes. They each take a glass, turn to each other and raise them. Another Angels Mystery... Case Closed. FREEZE FRAME.    And the TITLE SEQUENCE BEGINS...
5) 25) text: Credits continue as we watch the Angels in action (from, presumably, previous adventures...) -- A microscope-peering Natalie cuts a ruby, drops it in a laser housing, shoots a red beam. --   Dylan, wielding kendo sticks, spars with two Yakzuza -- Alex side-kicks two baddies, spins, drops a third. ZOOM BACK: she is at the Parthenon. -- A motocross race. Natalie digs in for the finish, attacking the last jump with gusto. -- Dylan, in traditional Islamic robes, finds a secret switch. She pushes back a bookcase to reveal secret stair -- At a ballroom dance competition, Alex wows the crowd while keeping her eye on a nefarious couple. -- Bosley, as "Luka, the Bad Ass Pimp," bitch-slaps a couple of "ho's" -- actually Dylan and Alex -- then winks at them as unsuspecting drug dealers back off, scared. --   Natalie bites into a messy hot-dog, has to just laug -- The three angels elbow their way through a roller- derby match. -- In orange prison jumpsuits, Alex and Dylan work in female chain-gang. -- Window-washer Natalie peers into a skyscraper office, surreptitiously photographing the meeting inside.
7) 11) dialog: If you don't defuse this bomb, Logan, L.A.'s going to be a new underwater attraction. A bead of sweat drops down Jason's face.
7) 13) dialog: Which wire?   The red one or the blue one?
7) 15) dialog: So the red one.
7) 17) dialog: You saved the world again, Logan. She leans forward, closer and closer, right in his face.
7) 23) dialog: Let's have it rewritten. As she smiLes, a cell phone RINGS. Both Alex and Jason reach for their phones. It's hers.
7) 24) dialog: Hello?
8) 0) text: Jason stands in the doorway in his robe as Alex tosses her stuff in the back of a very excellent car.
8) 2) dialog: Not sure.   Whenever I can.      I'll call you.
8) 5) dialog: A very good one.
8) 11) dialog: Charlie's not very social.
8) 13) dialog: Charlie needs me.
8) 17) dialog: My hero. She blows him a kiss and speeds off.
12) 3) dialog: What?    I've got a great relationship.
12) 5) dialog: That way, he doesn't ask about my work. Bosley walks in with a folder.       He eyes their drinks
12) 20) dialog: So what's the catch?
12) 32) dialog: Charlie, where do we start?
12) 35) dialog: Kidnap the founder and you sink the company.
14) 0) text: Built into the Palm Springs Hills, this very exclusive spa has a fantastic view of the desert. Dressed in a crisp spa uniform, Alex has a sidebar with a white-robed Bosley. She shows him a tiny electronic device shaped like a bullet.
14) 1) dialog: This is a transmitter. I'll be able to hear everything you say.
14) 3) text: I'll be nude. Alex takes a plastic cup, drops the transmitter into it. Covers it over with ice chips from a nearby bucket. Bosley nods, clever.
14) 7) dialog: Try to get Corwin to talk about the industry, Knox, anything.
14) 10) dialog: I know.   You'll do great.
16) 1) text: (German accent) Please to take off clothes, Mr. Corvin. Corwin gets under the sheet, on his stomach. The masseuse turns around, and now we see that it's Alex. Alex starts to work on his back. She is clearly an expert at this. This is a legit place, but there's something undeniably sensual about the whole experience. ALEX
16) 2) text: You're carrying a lot of tension along ze fourth und fifth vertebrae. Let me see if I can vork it out. Under the table, we look up to see Corwin's face in the cradle. He's in a tortured rapture. Alex works along Corwin's back and neck.   She pulls his arms out to the side. ALEX (CONT'D)
16) 3) text: The human body is an amazing instrument. Just by activating ze right energy points, you can improve ze circulation, alleviate pain, or... Corwin goes limp. ALEX (CONT'D)
17) 0) text: Making sure she's alone, Alex uses the key to open a locker. She carefully sorts through Corwin's things, finding his Palm Pilot organizer. She clicks it into a special device, which BLIPS as it downloads all his information. Putting the Palm Pilot away, she shuts the locker.
18) 4) dialog: You must have dozed off. A beat. Yeah, he must have.     A patented ANGELS FLIP leads us to...
19) 0) text: The Angels are all in the car together, cruising down Sunset Boulevard. Dylan drives, Alex in the passenger sea Natalie in the back seat with her computer on her lap.
19) 19) dialog: Oh yeah. He'll be easy to spot with that open head wound. She turns the composite around, revealing that Dylan has smudged his head with ketchup. They all just have to laugh.
26) 12) dialog: Don't bother. I know where it is. I used to spend every winter there. As she says it...
29) 6) dialog: That looks like our target. She points to a door at the back of the bar that leads into a glassed-in office. Two, beefy bouncer types are gu the door.
29) 7) dialog: I'm gonna need a distraction. Dylan and Natalie smile at each other.
33) 0) text: ... where a black cat-suited Alex stands at the chimney... A ribbon of smoke curls from the stack. Pulling the pin from a canister, she drops it down the chimney.
35) 0) text: Alex doesn't even need a rope. Her feet pressed to the sooty walls, she expertly slides to the bottom.
36) 0) text: Alex backs out of the fireplace to find a WAITING BAD GUY swinging
36) 2) dialog: Where's Knox?
37) 0) text: Young billionaire ERIC KNOX paces. He's grungy, with two days of stubble, but still a darn attractive guy. Hearing a KICK at the door, he turns. A second KICK blows the door open.     It's Alex.
37) 2) dialog: The calvary.     Giddy up.
39) 0) text: Looking for the way out, Alex leads Knox to a closed door. She opens it to find...
40) 0) text: ... TWO MORE THUGS sitting in front the big-screen TV, watching a college basketball game (Duke vs. Maryland, in case you care.) The guards look back, spotting Alex with Knox. That wouldn't be so bad, if it weren't for the
40) 5) dialog: Sorry.    Wrong room. (to Knox)
42) 0) text: Running, Alex pushes Knox ahead of her, checking their backs. She talks into a wrist-mic.
42) 1) dialog: Good news:   I found Knox. Another THUG steps out in front of her.      She kicks hi down the steps.
42) 2) dialog: Bad news:    I found company. Reaching the bottom of the steps, Knox is surprised to be grabbed by Dylan.
43) 0) text: Dylan rushes Knox across the driveway to the waiting van -- Natalie is pulling it around. Overhead, bright security lights switch on. Back at the front door, Alex pulls it shut. She attaches a carabiner clip to the handle, running a thin steel cord from it around the porch column.
46) 0) text: Everyone is piled on top of each other. Dylan and Knox have a few awkward moments as they get untangled. Bosley keeps making inappropriate TUBA NOISES. At the wheel, Natalie is fierce and focused, in total control. Looking out the back windows, Alex sees the kidnappers piling into jeeps to give chase. From the side of the house, more thugs appear on motorbikes. ALEX
48) 1) dialog: It's a bobsled run. They're facing backwards. Up ahead, the kidnappers are charging down the access roa The first of two jeeps makes the jump into the bobsled ch
50) 1) dialog: (looking out the back)
52) 0) text: The shot blasts cleanly through the top of the windshield through the horn of Bosley's tuba, then out the back wind missed hitting somebody by millimeters. Natalie is still focused, making each turn as Alex calls
56) 3) dialog: 
56) 10) dialog: Hard left! She makes the left.
56) 15) dialog: We're at the bottom! Indeed, we are. The concrete walls end, leaving open grou Slamming on the brakes, Natalie turns the van around. Everyone goes flying. Bosley is still on the phone with Charlie.
59) 0) text: Natalie is at the controls, Bosley beside her.      Alex forward from the second row.
59) 2) dialog: We couldn't have done it without you, Bos. Natalie pats him on the arm. She and Alex exchange a quic glance. They have to just laugh. In the back row, Knox is looking out over the gorgeous li of Aspen.
61) 7) dialog: (to Natalie)
61) 21) dialog: Consider it done.
69) 0) text: Where Alex, dressed as a trophy girl, watches the race through binoculars and keeps an eye on her pals. She nods to BOSLEY, who is dressed as the Flag Waver. He speaks into a walkie talkie.
79) 5) dialog: Even if we do get inside, there won't be time to search for it. There's got to be a hundred terabytes of information there. It could take days.
79) 12) dialog: Red Star has a lot of Government contracts, so security is tight. Key- card badges throughout. Redundant security at all red-line areas with biometric scanners and weekly keycodes. Pervasive video surveillance, lasers, air-displacement sensors. Plus a hard- wired fail-safe at the relay to prevent exactly this kind of tapping.
80) 0) text: ANGLE ON DIRECTOR #1, 40's, part of the lunchtime crowd. Alex and Natalie are on the catwalk, in the middle of a grinding routine. Paying for his drink, he fumbles with his wallet. His waitress helps him find the right bill. As she walks away, we see the waitress is Dylan. FREEZE F We ZOOM IN on the orange key-card she's grabbed from him.
81) 0) text: ANGLE ON Bosley, done up in full clown makeup. He tries to twist a balloon animal, but no luck. Finally it POPS. The CHILDREN CRY. Entertaining the ADULTS, magician Alex whips open her sil handkerchief to reveal that the "item" has disappeared.
81) 4) dialog: Then we have to get back into Red Star. Problem is, their biometric sensors are too good.
90) 0) text: As a group, the angels move through the upscale lunch crowd to find Knox and Vivian Wu at a booth. Alex opens a slim Sony laptop, sets it on the table. ALEX
90) 27) dialog: Me too. As they get up...
90) 40) dialog: She's got a point.
90) 42) dialog: I'm not siding with anyone, but technically, he is no longer...
90) 44) dialog: Oh come on, Charlie wouldn't care. I think you're just being overly cautious.
93) 0) text: Jason and Alex are walking down a beautiful, tree-lined cobblestone street, holding hands. The buildings and outdoor cafes are reminiscent of a quaint, vaguely European town.
93) 5) dialog: Me too.
93) 7) dialog: (smiling)
93) 10) dialog: We'll get you some sedatives. You'll be fine. He stops, takes her in his arms. With the moonlight shining down, it's very romantic. They kiss. Then...
93) 12) dialog: Come with you?
93) 14) dialog: Jason, I don't...
93) 16) dialog: It's my job, Jason. I can't explain it, but I have to be on call, all the time, and...
93) 23) dialog: Gunfire!   Get down! Alex, in Angels mode, immediately throws him to the ground and covers him. She feels something wet, looks down to see Jason's chest, covered in blood.
93) 24) dialog: My God, you're hit. You're...
93) 29) dialog: Sorry about that, I...
93) 32) text: Alright, I gotta go reset these. DON'T GO ANYWHERE. I want to finish this conversation. As he walks out of the soundstage, Alex is left behind, alone. She cleans herself off, shaking her head at her own paranoia.
93) 36) dialog: Nice, Alex.   Real nice.
93) 39) dialog: Hey, is someone firing more squibs or... Suddenly, without warning, the wall is plastered with SILENCED GUNFIRE. It's only Alex's instincts that let her duck in time to avoid being turned into Swiss cheese. She tucks and rolls behind a Styrofoam set as... TWO GUNMEN with silenced SNIPER rifles fan out on the fake city street.
94) 0) text: Alex races out of the soundstage and jumps into her car, parked nearby. The Gunmen emerge from the stage and spot her, just as she gets the car started. She peels out as a hail of gunfire just misses her windshield.
95) 0) text: Jason has just gotten his squibs refitted. He's facing the opposite direction, so he doesn't see Alex's car whizz away in the background.
106) 0) text: Natalie, Dylan and Alex nurse their wounds and compare no
106) 3) dialog: He played us from the very start. It was all just so he could get us to tap into Red Star. He couldn't figure out a way to do it himself.
106) 10) dialog: What?
110) 0) text: Alex is on the phone, frantically dialing numbers.
110) 1) dialog: Come on, Bosley, answer. (she hangs up, then, to the Angels)
113) 3) dialog: Come on, Bosley. Tell us where you are.
114) 4) dialog: Bingo. Dylan finds a globe amid the wreckage.     Wipes off the
114) 15) dialog: Florida. The MUSIC revs up, as we...
119) 0) text: Natalie and Alex huddle around a three-inch monitor, getting live video from Dylan's camera.
119) 1) dialog: You heard the man.
120) 31) text: Alex, dressed in a sexy bikini, emerges from the water and instantly takes out two guards.
121) 0) text: NATALIE hang-glides into a courtyard, knocking out two henchmen as she does. Alex catches up with her, as Natalie pulls out a small scanner.
121) 5) dialog: You find him.    I'll get Dylan. Natalie heads left.     Alex goes right.
127) 6) dialog: The question is, where's he headed?
127) 16) dialog: You bought them for... Bosley lowers his head.    Suddenly all the angels unders
129) 5) dialog: Sixty, tall, well-built.
129) 9) dialog: He's not George Hamilton.
129) 12) dialog: IF we see him.
130) 7) dialog: I'll take the luxury boxes.
132) 2) dialog: (yelling)
132) 3) text: Charlie!? Charles Townsend! Jason whips around and locks eyes with Alex.
132) 5) dialog: Jason? (beat)
134) 0) text: Alex bursts in.   It's a crowd of fifteen cocktail-drinki BUSINESS MEN. ALEX
135) 0) text: Alex walks out into the hallway, frustrated.     Then, miraculously, she spots him... KNOX. He walks out of one of the luxury boxes, holding a large, metal briefcase. He heads for the elevator.
135) 1) dialog: immediately goes to intercept him, but...
135) 8) dialog: Jason, hi, I... The Thin Man digs the gun deeper into her back.
135) 9) dialog: Can I talk to you later?
135) 11) dialog: I'm sorry, I...
135) 15) dialog: Jason, please...
135) 21) dialog: Jason, get down! Alex spins out of the Thin Man's grasp and does a full roundhouse kick, knocking the gun out of the Thin Man's hands. The Thin Man immediately responds, throwing two quick punches, which Alex expertly blocks and then follow with a hitch-kick to the chin. Jason, dazed and confused, thinks he must be hallucinatin
136) 0) text: ... to the first landing. The Thin Man, battered and brui reaches down to his ankle holster to get his spare gun, b Alex is too fast for him. She stamps on his hand, then drops a knee to his throat.
136) 1) dialog: Right now, just by leaning forward, I could crush your windpipe. You'd die a slow and painful death. You don't want that, do you?
136) 5) dialog: Where is the bomb, when's it going off? She presses harder.
137) 0) text: Jason slams out into the stairwell, looking for Alex. He finds her on her walkie talkie, the Thin Man handcuffed to the staircase.
137) 1) dialog: Hi, Jason.   Gimme one second? Jason nods, sure. We go to another triptych, all three Angels on their cell phones in different parts of arena.
137) 2) dialog: Angels! Knox planted the bomb in the basement, and it's timed to go off when the game clock hits zero!
137) 5) dialog: I lied to you Jason.    I'm not a secretary.
137) 7) dialog: (referring to the Thin Man)
137) 10) dialog: I'm actually here to stop a madman from killing everyone in this building. Would it be okay if we talked later?
137) 15) text: I'll be waiting for you. Alex smiles.    Runs off.
140) 0) text: Alex, still searching for Charlie, notices something stra
140) 1) dialog: You're kidding me.
141) 12) text: Good one. (beat, as he backs up) Well, I must be going. If you like your body parts attached to your torso, I suggest you do the same. Knox turns to go, but the other Angels are blocking his w ALEX