5) 0) text: Now, MEN IN "FBI" WINDBREAKERS haul Pasqual away, two of them carefully handling the certs-explosive. A harmless fellow pushes his way past them and onto the dock. It's JOHN BOSLEY, Charlie's lieutenant.
5) 4) dialog: Well, Angels, the experimental explosives are back in the hands of the government, and the free world can breathe just a lit-tle bit easier tonight, thanks to you three. Alex, Natalie and Dylan stroll from the dock onto the san each starting to unzip/unbutton/unsnap their action gear hand it to Bosley as they continue walking.
5) 7) dialog: Nothing a little teamwork can't do. At least, that's what Charlie's always telling us, right ladies?
5) 9) dialog: He sends his regrets. But he wanted you to know that dinner is on him, so feel free to celebrate. By now, the Angels have stripped off all of their equipment, revealing eye-popping evening gowns.
5) 25) text: Credits continue as we watch the Angels in action (from, presumably, previous adventures...) -- A microscope-peering Natalie cuts a ruby, drops it in a laser housing, shoots a red beam. --   Dylan, wielding kendo sticks, spars with two Yakzuza -- Alex side-kicks two baddies, spins, drops a third. ZOOM BACK: she is at the Parthenon. -- A motocross race. Natalie digs in for the finish, attacking the last jump with gusto. -- Dylan, in traditional Islamic robes, finds a secret switch. She pushes back a bookcase to reveal secret stair -- At a ballroom dance competition, Alex wows the crowd while keeping her eye on a nefarious couple. -- Bosley, as "Luka, the Bad Ass Pimp," bitch-slaps a couple of "ho's" -- actually Dylan and Alex -- then winks at them as unsuspecting drug dealers back off, scared. --   Natalie bites into a messy hot-dog, has to just laug -- The three angels elbow their way through a roller- derby match. -- In orange prison jumpsuits, Alex and Dylan work in female chain-gang. -- Window-washer Natalie peers into a skyscraper office, surreptitiously photographing the meeting inside.
12) 7) dialog: No, that's...That's okay. It's not okay, but that's our Bosley. He takes his seat behind his desk. Now we see the biggest addition to the office, the Angels Wall of Fame.
12) 17) dialog: He is. Oops, did Bosley say that out loud?
14) 0) text: Built into the Palm Springs Hills, this very exclusive spa has a fantastic view of the desert. Dressed in a crisp spa uniform, Alex has a sidebar with a white-robed Bosley. She shows him a tiny electronic device shaped like a bullet.
14) 2) dialog: Where do I hide it? (leaning close)
14) 3) text: I'll be nude. Alex takes a plastic cup, drops the transmitter into it. Covers it over with ice chips from a nearby bucket. Bosley nods, clever.
14) 8) dialog: Understood. She points him in the direction of the men's spa.    But frozen with excitement.
14) 9) dialog: I'm going undercover.
15) 0) text: A burst of steam clears, revealing Bosley. He waddles for in his shower clogs, which SQUISH with every step. He's w two towels: one around his waist, and a second around his chest. As more steam dissipates, we see there    are SEVEN MEN s the risers. Six are gorgeous, ranging     from Calvin Kle to Marlboro Men. Bosley looks around,     taking a keen i Maybe he's checking them out, maybe he    isn't. We just know. The seventh man is ROGER CORWIN, who we recognize from the videotape. He's leaning forward, a gold chain dangling. It's beside him that Bosley takes a seat. He sets the ice cup -- and the transmitter -- in a strategic location. Noticing that none of the other men have towels around their bosoms, Bosley nervously undoes his, revealing skin the color of cooked salmon. He fluffs up his sparse chest then decides to smush it back down. He tries to make eye contact with Corwin, working way too hard. Annoyed, Corwin finally looks over.
15) 1) dialog: Hot in here, isn't it? Corwin shakes his head, idiot.
15) 2) dialog: Just came here to unwind a little. Business these days is go go go. My company just held an initial pubic offering. Yes, he said "pubic." He's about to correct himself when a very hot guy across from him moves his towel to wipe of
15) 6) dialog: (re-composed)
15) 7) text: So, what business are you in? Corwin seems wary, but Bosley is clearly harmless.
15) 9) dialog: Computers, hunh? What do you know about this new browser from Knox Technologies? Corwin bristles at the mention.
15) 10) dialog: Word on the street is, once they raise capital, they'll rule the industry.
15) 12) dialog: Really?   Why not? The door opens, a rush of steam. ADONIS HIMSELF enters. Picking a seat behind Bosley, he pulls off his towel as he passes. We just see a bit of ass, but Bosley is face- to-face with the babymaker. One ice chip is not going to do it.    He chugs the rest his cup, including
15) 14) dialog: Nice talking with you. Another BLEEP. He shuts his mouth tight. Smiles. Rubs his chest a bit, trying to get the transmitter down.
26) 1) dialog: Well.   That was easy.
26) 7) dialog: In English?
32) 7) text: Guten Freund! The girls lean in and hug each other, butts sticking out. To the left, Bosley starts playing oommpa OOMMPA oommpa OOMMPA on a wrap-around tuba. He's wearing lederhosen, with a feather in his hat. Natalie begins to YODEL. Dylan hands a fancy envelope to the bewildered thug. Thug Two is approaching from behind, curious what the hell is going on. Dylan begins to TALK-SING a song in German about a too- curious goat and his worried mistress. Even with the pant we have no idea what's happening. It seems wholesome, but occasionally one of the girls touches the other in a weirdly coquettish, oddly sexual way. Thug Two looks at the address on the envelope.
38) 0) text: Bosley is about to hyper-ventilate on the tuba, sweaty and a little blue. Dylan and Natalie's new song has them sharing the saddle of an imaginary horse. When Dylan reaches back to slap the "horse," she hits Natalie in the rump. Both women tee-hee. The thugs think it's pretty hot. Dylan whispers a secret to Natalie.     Natalie WHISPERS back. Turning to the thugs, they each lean in to WHISPER into a different thug's ear. As the men smile, the angels suddenly BONK the two men's heads together. Both men fall, knocked out. Stepping over the bodies, Dylan heads inside.
41) 0) text: Holding down three keys on the tuba, Bosley talks into the mouthpiece. It has a secret radio.
41) 1) dialog: Alex, what's your status?
45) 0) text: Running with the tuba, Bosley stops for a moment to catch his breath, hands on his knees. Okay, ready to run again. He's the last to be pulled into the van.    A spray of gravel and they're off.
46) 0) text: Everyone is piled on top of each other. Dylan and Knox have a few awkward moments as they get untangled. Bosley keeps making inappropriate TUBA NOISES. At the wheel, Natalie is fierce and focused, in total control. Looking out the back windows, Alex sees the kidnappers piling into jeeps to give chase. From the side of the house, more thugs appear on motorbikes. ALEX
52) 0) text: The shot blasts cleanly through the top of the windshield through the horn of Bosley's tuba, then out the back wind missed hitting somebody by millimeters. Natalie is still focused, making each turn as Alex calls
58) 0) text: Dylan SLAMS open the door, knocking one RIDER off. The sliding door opens, another RIDER outside trying to g in. Thinking fast, Knox grabs Bosley's tuba and shoves it at the motorcyclist, who tumbles, taking out the fourth rider in the process.
59) 0) text: Natalie is at the controls, Bosley beside her.      Alex forward from the second row.
59) 1) dialog: I think that went very well. Charlie should send me on more missions.
68) 21) dialog: Coast is clear, Dylan.
69) 0) text: Where Alex, dressed as a trophy girl, watches the race through binoculars and keeps an eye on her pals. She nods to BOSLEY, who is dressed as the Flag Waver. He speaks into a walkie talkie.
69) 1) dialog: Let's make the switch.
79) 0) text: ... on the big screen. The angels and Bosley watch the footage, along with Knox and Vivian Wu. Vivian has seated herself close to Natalie. So close, in fact, that Natalie keeps having to shift a few inches. Dylan, meanwhile, sits across the room from Knox, deliberately avoiding eye contact. ON THE BIG SCREEN: As the videocamera passes a room marked with an intimidating warning sign...
81) 0) text: ANGLE ON Bosley, done up in full clown makeup. He tries to twist a balloon animal, but no luck. Finally it POPS. The CHILDREN CRY. Entertaining the ADULTS, magician Alex whips open her sil handkerchief to reveal that the "item" has disappeared.
90) 9) text: I'll have Systems get to work on this right away. She reaches for the laptop.      Bosley snatches it away.
90) 10) dialog: Uh, actually Miss Wu, WE will get to work on this right away. Any evidence we find will be turned over to you AND the proper authorities.
90) 12) dialog: Oh, indeed I do. And that's why I'll take very good care of it when I find it.
90) 17) dialog: Vacation.
90) 22) dialog: Exactly!   Fire Island, here I come! Dylan does a spit take, the other two Angels roll their e
90) 23) dialog: Goodbye, Angels. Mr. Knox. (coldly)
90) 24) text: Ms. Wu. As Bosley exits the restaurant, Vivian Wu eyes him carefully. Knox raises a glass to toast the Angels.
91) 0) text: Bosley hums "In the Navy" to himself as he walks through a parking garage. He's alone in the echo-y garage, and everything we know about movies tells us This Means Troub BWEEP BWEEP as his alarm shuts off. Just as he's about to lift the handle, he stops. Looks back over his shoulde Did he hear something? He scans the empty garage. one in sight. Must've been his imagination.
92) 0) text: Bosley climbs in, shutting the door behind him.        He putting the keys in the ignition, when... A HAND clamps a chloroformed rag over his mouth. It's the Thin Man. Bosley struggles, but in moments, he's unconscious.
109) 0) text: Bosley's cell, as such, is a round room. Bosley flits about in a panic. He's hardly touched the go food on his tray. Except for the pudding. He loves puddin
110) 5) text: What IS that? There's a very faint voice coming from Bosley's desk draw Dylan walks around the desk, yanks it open...
110) 6) dialog: Angels!   Angels, can you hear me! Dylan grabs the radio receiver from the drawer, holds him Bosley's voice gets louder.
110) 7) dialog: I don't know if you can hear me. I don't know if this thing is even working. The Angels crowd around Dylan and the receiver.     It se impossible.
111) 0) text: CLOSE ON a satellite mini-dish mounted to the roof. We CR DOWN to look in a tower window, where Bosley is hunched o the TV.
112) 2) dialog: I know you can't answer, but... I really hope you can hear this.
114) 1) dialog: I don't know where I am, really. I'm in a round room. The walls are white. Well. Not white-white. More of a cream, or an eggshell. Vanilla. Yes, I'm going to say vanilla.
114) 3) dialog: I can see the ocean.
114) 5) dialog: I don't know which ocean. I was blindfolded the whole time. We were flying. It must've been three or four hours. Maybe more.
114) 10) text: He could be anywhere in North America. The bird Bosley was whistling to lands on the TV, looks at the transmitter, curious. SINGS its song.
114) 11) dialog: Wherever it is, they have really good pudding. Natalie holds up a finger -- stop.
116) 0) text: Knox and Vivian walk into a fully macked computer room, where the Thin Man is supervising a techie as he taps awa at Bosley's laptop.
116) 11) text: How about Bosley? Did we get the information we wanted?
116) 16) text: Where IS Bosley?
117) 0) text: The Thin Man cocks his gun as he heads to the tower to do away with Bosley. Then...
122) 0) text: Racing up the stairs, Natalie enters a round room with open windows on all sides. A gentle breeze stirs the curtains. There's an amazing 360 degree view, from hills to ocean. According to her scanner, Bosley should be here, but there's no one.
122) 2) text: BOSLEY! Bosley, can you hear me?
122) 4) dialog: Natalie!   Is that you?
123) 2) dialog: There's a staircase. Look for a switch. She begins frantically checking the desk, the shelves, everything. Her cell phone RINGS.     She answers it.
126) 8) dialog: Oh my God, let me help you. Bosley hurries over, "freeing her." Amused, Dylan lets him. Natalie steps out from inside, pausing to KICK one guard who was starting to revive.
127) 7) dialog: Miami. The three angels turn to see Bosley, huffing and puffing his way into the courtyard.
127) 11) dialog: The man Knox is trying to kill has two general admission tickets to the Duke- Maryland game at Miami Arena. He's going to blow up the arena and kill his target.
127) 13) dialog: Because Angels, I was the one who purchased those tickets.
141) 37) dialog: Think so. He pulls back the padding from the suit, revealing a smal wound where the bullet grazed his side.
141) 38) dialog: Hurts, but it looks like it'll heel. Dylan laughs, Alex ruffles his hair.
143) 0) text: The angels kick back on the white sands, tropical drinks hand. Bosley is there as well, with a grass hat and zinc on his sniffer. Charlie is on the cellular speakerphone.