4) 0) text: A cigarette boat floats through the choppy water, a gorgeous young woman expertly throttling up the growling V-8. Say hello to NATALIE THOMPSON, Charlie's second angel. At a glance, she's the brainy-shy girl next door.
5) 5) dialog: And thanks to you, too, Bos.
5) 25) text: Credits continue as we watch the Angels in action (from, presumably, previous adventures...) -- A microscope-peering Natalie cuts a ruby, drops it in a laser housing, shoots a red beam. --   Dylan, wielding kendo sticks, spars with two Yakzuza -- Alex side-kicks two baddies, spins, drops a third. ZOOM BACK: she is at the Parthenon. -- A motocross race. Natalie digs in for the finish, attacking the last jump with gusto. -- Dylan, in traditional Islamic robes, finds a secret switch. She pushes back a bookcase to reveal secret stair -- At a ballroom dance competition, Alex wows the crowd while keeping her eye on a nefarious couple. -- Bosley, as "Luka, the Bad Ass Pimp," bitch-slaps a couple of "ho's" -- actually Dylan and Alex -- then winks at them as unsuspecting drug dealers back off, scared. --   Natalie bites into a messy hot-dog, has to just laug -- The three angels elbow their way through a roller- derby match. -- In orange prison jumpsuits, Alex and Dylan work in female chain-gang. -- Window-washer Natalie peers into a skyscraper office, surreptitiously photographing the meeting inside.
9) 0) text: Natalie KNOCKS on the door to 113.      A beat later, the door swings open to reveal BOB. Natalie SCREAMS in astonishment.
9) 2) text: What!   Natalie, what?
9) 3) dialog: I thought you were dead. She pushes past him.
10) 0) text: Natalie makes a beeline for his keys on the table. Starts taking one key off the ring.
10) 4) dialog: I thought the police might be here. Or your neighbors. Or your parents, here to identify your remains. He has no idea what she's talking about.         She goes
10) 6) dialog: I saw your car was here, so I knew you weren't carjacked and brutally beaten, left to die on the highway. Her cell phone RINGS.
10) 8) dialog: (answering phone)
10) 11) dialog: But you can understand why I thought so. You missed our date last night. You didn't call or anything. I was just sitting there by myself. ANGLE ON Bob.    What can he say?
10) 12) dialog: I can tolerate a lot, but punctuality and attendance, those rank very high in my list of dating priorities.
12) 0) text: In foreground, a blender WHIRRS. Still hungover, Dylan cringes from the sound. Natalie pours out three fruit smoothies for the angels.
12) 1) dialog: Just once, I want to date a normal man, without a wife, or a drug addiction, or bondage issues.
12) 6) dialog: I'm sorry, Bosley. I only made enough for three.
12) 16) dialog: He's cute.
12) 25) dialog: Any ransom?
12) 30) text: The initial public offering is in three days. If we don't get Mr. Knox back, or if word gets out that he's missing, the company stands to lose a billion dollars. She seems to direct this next sentence right to Natalie.
12) 41) dialog: Any chance you can join us, Charlie?
19) 0) text: The Angels are all in the car together, cruising down Sunset Boulevard. Dylan drives, Alex in the passenger sea Natalie in the back seat with her computer on her lap.
19) 1) dialog: Can you not drive my car so fast, Dyl? I'm trying to type.
19) 5) dialog: Here's Corwin's itinerary. ONSCREEN -- we see a list of all Corwin's plans for the next week. Two events in particular stand out:
19) 9) dialog: Hold that thought.
19) 13) dialog: Uh, hello?   Expensive equipment.
19) 15) dialog: Check this out. New program I just got from a friend in the Bureau. We take that footage from the kidnapping... On screen, the footage downloads from the CD, into the program. Natalie fast forwards through it until she comes to a shot of one of the kidnappers where his mask is partly pulled away from his face.
19) 16) dialog: ... isolate the part of the suspect's face that's revealed, then retriangulate his bone structure... The program zooms in on the revealed part of his face, then runs a series of calculations. A new drawing starts to appear.
19) 17) dialog: ... and voila!     We've got a composite. Natalie's portable printer spits out a simulated composite of one skinny, bad-looking dude. Dylan grabs it, looks it over.
20) 0) text: A sophisticated reception is in full swing, an ocean of smart suits and power ties. Dressed as a catering waitress, Natalie carries a tray of hors d'oeuvres. MOVING WITH her, we pass ROGER CORWIN, wh talks with another suit, and further on, a conservatively dressed DYLAN who chats up a group of WALL STREET TYPES.
20) 5) dialog: Keppler-Wilson.
20) 10) dialog: Anytime.
20) 15) dialog: (covering)
20) 19) dialog: I'm working.
20) 21) dialog: He's a bartender. I need dependable. I need reliable. I need a Volvo man. Natalie walks past Dylan, not acknowledging her.        D snaps her fingers.
20) 22) dialog: Miss!   Miss!   I'd love some champagne. Natalie comes back, a little annoyed. Dylan takes a glass for herself, then foists the other glasses on everyone around her, whether they wanted it or not.
20) 24) text: Why don't you get some more? She nudges Natalie in that direction.
20) 30) dialog: What are you reading? He holds it up.
20) 31) dialog: That's the new Michio Kazura. That's not even out in America.
20) 33) dialog: Hello?    Warriors of the Broken Earth?   Classic.
20) 35) dialog: Tomuru nasgawa ishi Tokyo sen!
20) 40) dialog: I'm Natalie.
20) 42) dialog: Listen, there's an animation festival at the Egyptian this week. I was wondering if you might want to...
20) 47) dialog: I'll meet you there.
20) 52) dialog: I'm on it. Spotting the Thin Man, she heads his way.
20) 53) dialog: (offering)
20) 55) dialog: (to earpiece)
20) 58) dialog: You take point. I'll circle behind.
22) 1) dialog: has come around from the other side. His bad guy instinct tell him these women are working together. He's boxed in. And then, a DING! Elevator doors open beside him. He looks in to see the cl less BELLBOY, who had a funky groove going on his headpho In a single motion, the Thin Man yanks the guy out into t hallway and takes his place. Hits the button. From opposite directions, Natalie and Dylan run to the elevator, but the doors have already shut. Checking the panel.
23) 0) text: Natalie and Dylan emerge from the staircase to find the elevator empty. To the left, exit doors swing tellingly.
24) 0) text: Nat and Dylan smash through the exit doors and out into the sun-drenched streets of beautiful, downtown Los Angeles. Natalie immediately spots the Thin Man, booking down the alley.
24) 1) dialog: That way.
25) 0) text: Thunderously LOUD, with industrial washers and dryers ope at full tilt. Natalie and Dylan are just entering when
25) 2) dialog: There are times I wish we carried guns.
25) 9) dialog: right behind him. With a coiled towel, she grabs his gun arm and expertly flips him. But he reacts smoothly, rolli over to charge at Natalie, picking her up like a sack of potatoes. As he does, he grabs her right in the tit.
25) 10) dialog: Hey!    Hands off, assh.... Before she can finish her sentence, the Thin Man throws Natalie at Dylan, knocking them both down. He jumps up, and with a single motion grabs an overhead pipe and kicks another, releasing a wall of steam -- we can't see a thin By the time the fog clears, the Thin Man is long gone.
25) 11) dialog: Okay, to summarize? Damn. Lying down in the water, Dylan reaches under the washer to fish out the Thin Man's busted cell phone.
26) 0) text: Natalie sits at a glowing computer monitor, the Thin Man's cell phone connected by a data cable to the Townsend Agency computers. Rapidly touching the screen, she calls up a list of the last thirty-five phone calls he received. They're all from the same location.
26) 5) dialog: No, it wasn't. She points to some code next to the numbers.
26) 6) dialog: I've seen this before, he's scrambling his calls through a secondary location.
26) 8) dialog: We need to tap this phone line at the source, THEN we'll know where his calls were coming from.
26) 11) dialog: Bos, can we check a directory?
29) 4) dialog: Hey look!   Mechanical bull.
29) 19) dialog: Mind if I try? The crowd parts for her, and Natalie hops up on the bull. She cranks it up, and lets
32) 0) text: Thug One opens the door to find Dylan and Natalie dressed in Swiss Miss outfits, complete with blonde braids.
32) 2) dialog: (correcting Dylan)
32) 6) dialog: (to each other)
32) 7) text: Guten Freund! The girls lean in and hug each other, butts sticking out. To the left, Bosley starts playing oommpa OOMMPA oommpa OOMMPA on a wrap-around tuba. He's wearing lederhosen, with a feather in his hat. Natalie begins to YODEL. Dylan hands a fancy envelope to the bewildered thug. Thug Two is approaching from behind, curious what the hell is going on. Dylan begins to TALK-SING a song in German about a too- curious goat and his worried mistress. Even with the pant we have no idea what's happening. It seems wholesome, but occasionally one of the girls touches the other in a weirdly coquettish, oddly sexual way. Thug Two looks at the address on the envelope.
38) 0) text: Bosley is about to hyper-ventilate on the tuba, sweaty and a little blue. Dylan and Natalie's new song has them sharing the saddle of an imaginary horse. When Dylan reaches back to slap the "horse," she hits Natalie in the rump. Both women tee-hee. The thugs think it's pretty hot. Dylan whispers a secret to Natalie.     Natalie WHISPERS back. Turning to the thugs, they each lean in to WHISPER into a different thug's ear. As the men smile, the angels suddenly BONK the two men's heads together. Both men fall, knocked out. Stepping over the bodies, Dylan heads inside.
43) 0) text: Dylan rushes Knox across the driveway to the waiting van -- Natalie is pulling it around. Overhead, bright security lights switch on. Back at the front door, Alex pulls it shut. She attaches a carabiner clip to the handle, running a thin steel cord from it around the porch column.
46) 0) text: Everyone is piled on top of each other. Dylan and Knox have a few awkward moments as they get untangled. Bosley keeps making inappropriate TUBA NOISES. At the wheel, Natalie is fierce and focused, in total control. Looking out the back windows, Alex sees the kidnappers piling into jeeps to give chase. From the side of the house, more thugs appear on motorbikes. ALEX
46) 2) text: (to Knox, confident) We were expecting that. NATALIE
46) 5) dialog: Thoughts, suggestions, points to consider? BOSLEY
48) 2) dialog: If it goes down the mountain, that's all I need. Throwing it into reverse, Natalie peels out. The jeeps follow.
50) 2) text: Hard left! HARD LEFT! Natalie makes the turn. The van rises up, nearly tilting over. But they make it through the turn.
52) 0) text: The shot blasts cleanly through the top of the windshield through the horn of Bosley's tuba, then out the back wind missed hitting somebody by millimeters. Natalie is still focused, making each turn as Alex calls
54) 3) dialog: Oh God, no.
56) 1) dialog: I have a date with Pete.   Right now.
56) 6) dialog: "Gee, sorry Pete. I had to rescue a billionaire."
56) 11) dialog: I'll sound like a flake.   I can't stand flakes.
56) 13) dialog: You think?
59) 0) text: Natalie is at the controls, Bosley beside her.      Alex forward from the second row.
61) 3) dialog: Say, Fiji?
61) 8) text: Any special guy you were thinking of inviting? Natalie grins a guilty smile.
61) 15) dialog: Sounds like a plan.
68) 0) text: The racer pulls off her helmet as the pit crew surrounds Of course, the racer is Natalie, aka BETTY LOU HOBERT, th Tornado.
68) 5) dialog: (Texas accent)
68) 8) dialog: I nicked him. Should give you enough time to do the deed.
70) 0) text: To a chorus of CAR HORNS, the Thin Man's blue racer weave through the spectator traffic entering the speedway. Looking back, we see Natalie is gaining on him. Finally clear of the traffic, both cars let it rip.
71) 0) text: Still hot on the Thin Man's tail, Natalie has the engine ROARING.
72) 0) text: With the lanes cleared for the other chase, there is nothing preventing the Formula One cars from hitting top speed -- which they do. Natalie is catching up to the Thin Man. As they head under an overpass, we see KIDS CHEERING.
74) 0) text: ... but when you're going 200 miles per hour, that can take a while. He misses the exit. Natalie is trying to match his speed. The Thin Man pulls over to the side, stops fully. Braking as hard as she can, Natalie still passes him. The Thin Man throws a U-turn, heading up the freeway on-r Natalie follows.
76) 0) text: Pulling off her helmet, Natalie scans right and left for the blue car -- she's lost sight of him. The narrow windshields of these racers doesn't make it any easier.
77) 0) text: We LOOK DOWN on Natalie's car as she rounds a corner, still searching.
78) 0) text: Natalie spots the blue racer reaching the end of the long pier. It pulls a U-turn to face her, then stops, engine idling. There's only way off the pier, and it's past Natalie. The Thin Man REVS his engine. Natalie REVS hers. ANGLE ON a white seagull, pecking at something on the pier, halfway between the two racers. The bird looks up, hearing the engines. ANGLE ON the Thin Man. He pulls his harness tighter. REVS his engine higher. ANGLE ON Natalie. If it's a game of chicken he wants, she'll give it to him. She REVS her engine higher still. The noise scares the bird, who suddenly flies off. Like a flag being dropped, that's the signal for both racers to peel out. A cloud of SMOKE.    Rubber on asphalt. Already reaching a tremendous speed, the racers are on a collision course. The Thin Man isn't going to turn away. Neither is Natalie. Racing faster, and faster still, there's only one way this can turn out. But then, at the very last moment, the Thin Man wusses out. He cuts the wheel right, missing Natalie and careening off the edge of the pier. In SLOW MOTION, we watch as his racer hangs in mid-air, wheels still spinning. Back-heavy, the tail hits the water first. Natalie brakes hard, cuts the wheel to avoid going off the far end of the pier. She finally stops, the rear tire just 1/4 inch from the edge. CRANING UP along the side of the pier, we find Natalie looking into the water where the blue racer went in. There's just a slick of oil and a steady stream of bubble
79) 0) text: ... on the big screen. The angels and Bosley watch the footage, along with Knox and Vivian Wu. Vivian has seated herself close to Natalie. So close, in fact, that Natalie keeps having to shift a few inches. Dylan, meanwhile, sits across the room from Knox, deliberately avoiding eye contact. ON THE BIG SCREEN: As the videocamera passes a room marked with an intimidating warning sign...
79) 6) dialog: So you install a transmitter. All eyes go over to Natalie.
79) 7) dialog: Patch in directly to the relay, broadcast on a high frequency. That way, you can have access to the mainframe from the comfort of your own home. And they have no idea that you can peek inside.
79) 15) dialog: Only the two directors can disengage the fail-safe. We have to get their keys.
80) 0) text: ANGLE ON DIRECTOR #1, 40's, part of the lunchtime crowd. Alex and Natalie are on the catwalk, in the middle of a grinding routine. Paying for his drink, he fumbles with his wallet. His waitress helps him find the right bill. As she walks away, we see the waitress is Dylan. FREEZE F We ZOOM IN on the orange key-card she's grabbed from him.
82) 0) text: ANGLE ON Roger Corwin, driving his Mercedes.     He slows a road crew working ahead. ANGLE ON Dylan, dressed in an orange vest, manning the slow/stop sign. She makes Corwin stop, leans in to apologize for the delay. Behind the Mercedes, Natalie sneaks up. She quickly picks the trunk lock, then quietly climbs in. She hoists in a large duffel bag, then shuts herself inside.
83) 0) text: We HEAR the car moving again. Stripped down to a bra, Natalie attaches an illuminated m to the underside of the trunk lid. Starts to pull more it from her duffel bag: black shoes, a dress shirt, a tie.
85) 0) text: Walking away from the car, Corwin hits the remote.    The Mercedes BWOOPS. A beat later, a hand comes out from under the trunk lid. Natalie climbs out, only she's not Natalie anymore. She's become Corwin -- identical to the last detail. She tucks the last of the latex mask under her collar as she walks. FREEZE FRAME.
87) 0) text: The same places we saw on the videotape. Natalie-as- Corwin swipes the two stolen failsafe cards in a reader, sending the lights from red to green. FREEZE FRAME. She splices in a transmitter the size of a cigarette pack Pulls up a tiny antenna. FREEZE FRAME.
88) 0) text: Corwin walks down the hall, still talking with his colleague. Natalie-as-Corwin is walking right towards them. She turns away as she passes. He didn't even spot her. She smiles.
90) 18) dialog: Uh oh, lemme guess. You're off to chase bikinis at some tropical resort?
90) 26) dialog: Have to go.   Plans tonight.
90) 31) dialog: Hey Dylan, can we talk to you for a second?
90) 33) dialog: There's something going on between you and Knox. Isn't there?
90) 35) dialog: Uh, yeah Dylan, it IS.    He's a client.
90) 41) dialog: What? She doesn't have ANY point, Alex, I can't believe you're siding with her.
90) 43) dialog: You know Charlie would NEVER approve of this.
97) 0) text: A passing FILMGOER reveals Natalie and Pete. Seated near the aisle, they share a giant tub of popcorn. The movie hasn't started yet, but there's a slide show of various anime heroes and villains. NATALIE
97) 2) text: How can I deny any woman who's seen all 23 "Lords of Wind and Power"? NATALIE
97) 8) dialog: Really.
97) 10) dialog: Ladies room.    I'll be back in two minutes.
98) 0) text: A wee bit smitten, Natalie enters as the last WOMAN leave We hear just the DRIP DRIP DRIP of a faucet and the Muzak version of Power Station's "Some Like It Hot."
98) 1) dialog: 
98) 10) dialog: Who do you work for? He tries to pull her off.    She leans in harder.
98) 11) dialog: Speak now or never again.
98) 14) dialog: National Security Agency?   You're with the NSA?
99) 0) text: The anime classic is playing. Pete keeps looking back towards the door. He's been ditched again. Just when he's about to give up hope, Natalie is there.
99) 1) dialog: I'm so sorry, but I have to go. I can't explain. (hands card)
101) 11) dialog: Dylan, we were set up. Vivian Wu is not who she says she is. She's a former assassin and an all around bitch.
101) 13) dialog: What?!
102) 0) text: Driving her own highly excellent car, Natalie has it floo
102) 2) dialog: I'm ten minutes away. Wait until I get there.
102) 4) dialog: Dylan... But Dylan's already hung up.     Cursing her partner, Nat races the car even harder.
106) 0) text: Natalie, Dylan and Alex nurse their wounds and compare no
106) 4) dialog: Who knew that we are actually tapping into the main servers for The National Security Agency?
106) 9) dialog: Wait a minute. We installed the transmitter, yes, but we never gave him the receiver.
106) 11) dialog: That laptop was the only way to access the transmitter. And we gave the laptop to... They look at each other...
110) 3) dialog: I don't even want to think about what I'm thinking right now.
113) 2) dialog: Not off a boosted signal. We'd have to be within 20 miles.
114) 13) text: What, pudding? The bird SINGS its song again.      Natalie smiles.
114) 14) dialog: Hear that? That's a blue spotted egret. They only live in one place.
119) 0) text: Natalie and Alex huddle around a three-inch monitor, getting live video from Dylan's camera.
119) 2) dialog: Nice work, Dyl. They move into action.
121) 0) text: NATALIE hang-glides into a courtyard, knocking out two henchmen as she does. Alex catches up with her, as Natalie pulls out a small scanner.
121) 4) dialog: Bosley's close.
122) 0) text: Racing up the stairs, Natalie enters a round room with open windows on all sides. A gentle breeze stirs the curtains. There's an amazing 360 degree view, from hills to ocean. According to her scanner, Bosley should be here, but there's no one.
122) 1) dialog: (yelling)
123) 1) dialog: How do I get up to you?
123) 3) dialog: Hello?... Pete, hi! How are you?
125) 0) text: Natalie keeps checking the shelves, looking for a secret switch.
125) 1) dialog: I did. I do.    I mean, thank you for calling.
125) 5) dialog: (into phone)
125) 6) text: Can you hold on a sec? Hitting MUTE, Natalie kicks the chair behind her and dive under the desk. She comes up on the other side with a
125) 8) dialog: (un-muting)
125) 10) dialog: (un-muting)
125) 16) dialog: No.   Not at all. She starts searching again for the switch.
125) 18) dialog: You know, work this week has been really busy. It's been hard to focus. BEHIND NATALIE, Vivian Wu reaches the top of the stairs. She moves stealthily. Natalie has no idea she's there.
125) 19) dialog: See, the thing is, I'm not a full- time waitress. I should have been more up-front about that, it's just... At the last moment, Natalie catches a moving reflection in a shiny trophy. Turns to find Vivian Wu swinging an antique chair at her head. She ducks.    The chair SHATTERS the display case. Scrambling to get away, Natalie drops the phone.
125) 21) dialog: (yelling to phone)
125) 29) text: No, it's Pete. Vivian looks at the phone. Who the fuck cares?      She throws the phone out the open window. Getting up, Natalie stares her down, incredulity building to rage.
125) 30) dialog: You bitch!   I like that guy. Mocking, Vivian wipes away a tear. Natalie lets forth a typhoon of fury, a full-out Mortal Kombat. Vivian is thrown back against the bookcase, where she knocks over a candlestick. That's the trigger for the bookcases to begin sinking into the floor. Circling around the room, each set of shelves drops to a different level, forming steps that lead to the upstairs room. As Natalie and Vivian continue to fight, Bosley sticks his head down from above, watching the brawl. Natalie is kicking ass.
125) 31) dialog: (to Vivian)
125) 35) dialog: I can handle villainy. I can even handle super-villainy. (Vivian swings and misses again)
125) 40) dialog: (suddenly chipper)
127) 4) dialog: Don't worry, we'll get him.
127) 14) dialog: But Bosley, you HATE sports, why would you... (suddenly getting it)
129) 6) dialog: I always saw him as younger.
129) 8) dialog: No, silver hair. And tan.
129) 10) dialog: He's outside a lot.
129) 13) dialog: How hard can it be to spot Charlie? They slam into the doors, and we...
130) 9) dialog: I got the floor. They split up. Dylan leads the charge down the loge secti blowing past the SECURITY WOMAN, who yells after her.
133) 4) dialog: Charlie?
137) 3) dialog: Roger that, Alex, I'll stop the clock!
138) 0) text: Natalie stares up at the clock... :30.       :29. The WHISTLE BLOWS.
140) 3) dialog: is fully transformed on the court, from wallflower to ful out cheerleader. It's not that she's as good as the other cheerleaders. She's better.
141) 13) text: Give it up, Knox. You're surrounded. NATALIE
141) 36) dialog: Bosley!   Are you okay?