0) 0) text: The hotel is six stories high, a wall of glass and stucco Beach chairs are arrayed around the pool's edge; sunbathe lie sprawled across them. A short boardwalk leads toward Gulf of Mexico: the white sand, the blue water. Four young Americans are encamped near the pool's edge; they're all in their early twenties. AMY lies face down o chaise, eyes shut, a cooler beside her. She's petite, wit short blond hair, her skin pinkly sunburned. ERIC sits in the chair beside her, studying the Cliff Not for The Canterbury Tales. He's leanly muscular, with dark curly hair. Other Cliff Notes lie scattered beneath his chair: Antigone, A Separate Peace, Hea rt of Darkness, 19 JEFF and STACY sit on the far side of the cooler; they're playing gin. Stacy, too, is petite, with short hair, thou hers,. is dark. She's wearing a pale blue bikini, and has beer bottle in her hand. She looks a little bored. Jeff is tall, scrawny. Like Eric, he has a pair of swim trunks on, and is deeply tanned. He's very focused, frown down at his cards.
0) 19) dialog: Why would they hire you if you haven't read the books?
0) 31) dialog: I'm fine. I've got a base.
0) 35) dialog: It's only been-- Stacy interrupts, speaking in a slightly SINGSONG fashion
0) 42) dialog: Please don't.
0) 44) dialog: Stop it. Both of you. Right now. They ignore her, ping-ponging quickly back and forth:
0) 49) dialog: Shit.
0) 52) dialog: I lost my earring.
2) 1) dialog: Thank you so much. .Mathias nods. He starts to turn, as if to swim off, but stops him:
3) 0) text: Mathias and the two couples sit together, with their beer Amy's skin has turned deep red; Stacy is behind her, appl lotion to her shoulders. Eric is talking to Mathias:
4) 0) text: There's a DJ, a dozen beer kegs. A few young men and wome are dancing beside a bonfire, but most of the crowd is scattered in small groups across the sand, TALKING, drink the firelight flickering off their faces. Stacy, Amy, Eric, Jeff and Mathias are sitting together; all have cups of beer. Stacy is between Eric's legs, lean against his chest. Amy, Jeff and Mathias sit cross-legged Everyone but Jeff and Mathias is a little drunk, and you hear it in their voices. Amy drains her cup, stands up, v unsteadily. She holds out her hand to Jeff.
4) 1) dialog: Dance. Eric smiles, as if the idea of Jeff dancing were absurd.
4) 8) dialog: That's not true. He played the trombone in high school. He won a prize. Eric seems startled by this, amused.
4) 10) dialog: Jeff's won prizes for everything. His Mom has a whole room built just for them. Trophies and ribbons and plaques. He's a very accomplished young man. (she holds out her hand-to
4) 15) dialog: Teak?
8) 0) text: A rack with towels on it, a sink, a tub. Amy is crouched over the toilet, in underwear and a T-shirt, VOMITING. He skin is bright red. Jeff is standing in the tub, freshly showered, drying himself, watching. her. His running clot hang from a hook beside the door.
8) 2) dialog: I'm fine.
8) 4) dialog: Thank you. That's very helpful.
8) 11) dialog: You don't want me to come?
8) 13) dialog: So what're you saying?
8) 16) dialog: I'm not sunburned. Jeff stares at her, the deep red of her face. Then he shrugs, steps out of the tub, the towel around his waist.
9) 0) text: A king-sized bed, a bureau, two night tables, a mini-frid Jeff emerges from-the bathroom, steps toward the bureau, starts to dress: boxers, jeans, T-shirt. A beat, then Amy shuffles out of the bathroom. She sits o the edge of the bed, starts to pull on a pair of shorts.
9) 2) dialog: I'll get too sweaty.
9) 9) dialog: We don't even know this guy. Jeff slides two bottles of iced tea into the knapsack. There's a plastic shopping bag beside the fridge, and he starts to dig through it.
9) 11) dialog: I just don't see why we have to go with him.
9) 13) dialog: Why would you vanish? Jeff turns, looks at her: this isn't the point.
9) 20) dialog: Why do you keep saying that?
9) 23) dialog: It's like you'd rather I didn't-- A KNOCKING at the door, and she falls silent. Jeff rises, zipping shut the knapsack. He steps to the door, opens it Stacy and Eric are in the hall.
9) 25) dialog: Amy's having second thoughts. Jeff doesn't want me to go. Stacy and Eric are silent; neither wants to get involved this. A beat, then Jeff SIGHS, glances at his watch.
10) 0) text: Only half the seats are occupied: tourists with their pac and cameras-and hats. Little TVs hang from the ceiling. We MOVE slowly down the aisle, passing Jeff and Amy first Amy is sound asleep, a camera hanging from her neck, a Pa hat in her lap. Jeff is beside her, bent low over a tour book, comparing its much more detailed map with the one Mathias's brother left behind. Next come Eric and Stacy, hunched together in their seats watching a Mexican soap opera on the little TV above them Stacy mimics the actors' exaggerated gestures, GIGGLING. Eric has the Cliff Notes for Hamlet in his lap, unopened. Finally, there's Mathias. The seat beside him is empty. He's staring out the window, his expression perfectly bla
11) 0) text: The town is very small: a dirt road lined with one- and t story buildings, some with thatched roofs. There's a grav turnaround, with a bus idling in it. Its door CREAKS open A dozen tourists emerge from the bus, blinking in the sunlight. Jeff, Amy, Stacy, Eric, and Mathias are among them. The boys have the knapsacks; the girls are wearing matching hats. Amy rubs at her face, stretching, waking u There's a souvenir stand at the town's entrance, with brightly colored blankets hanging from its walls. The tourists start toward it, leaving Jeff and the others bes the idling bus. They peer about, getting their bearings.
13) 7) dialog: How do we get back? She points back down the road, toward the vanished truck. Jeff pauses in his spraying, considers for a moment. Then
13) 9) dialog: There aren't going to be any buses on that road. Jeff nods; this seems obvious. He resumes spraying Mathia Eric and Stacy stand there, watching. AMY (cont'd) A bus couldn't even fit.
13) 11) dialog: See any cars pass, Jeff? Jeff doesn't answer. He steps toward her, starts to spray her, too. She holds out her arms. AMY (cont'd) The whole time we were driving, you see even one?
13) 18) dialog: He's not gonna get a signal. Not way out here. They all turn to watch as Eric reaches into. his pack, pu out his cell phone, flips it open. He stares at it for a beat, then shakes his head, snaps it shut. Jeff finishes spraying Amy, starts in on himself.
13) 20) dialog: Who?
13) 23) dialog: We're stranded, aren't we? That's, like, a twenty mile walk we're gonna have to do. Through the jungle.
13) 25) dialog: What? Jeff finishes with the insect repellent, crouches to slid the can back into his pack.
13) 27) dialog: There's no way that was eleven miles.
14) 12) dialog: It's annoying.
14) 14) dialog: It's tedious and boring. And once they start, it's impossible to get them to stop.
14) 16) dialog: How much farther? Mathias peers down at his brother's note. Stacy and Eric continue with their game.
14) 26) dialog: I think we should--- Jeff stops suddenly, pointing.
14) 38) dialog: Look. Up the trail, sixty feet away, stand two small Mayan boys they seem to have materialized out of the air. They're te years old, shirtless, scrawny, dark-haired. one of them i holding a bicycle by its handlebars; it doesn't have a se AMY (cont'd) Maybe they can guide us. Stacy smiles toward the boys; she waves, CALLS OUT:
14) 49) dialog: Why was it covered? Jeff lifts his hands: how should he know?
14) 52) dialog: It's a hand-drawn map, Jeff.
14) 55) dialog: Because? Jeff has to think. Finally:
15) 11) dialog: Eric.
15) 13) dialog: Shut up, okay? Eric falls silent. They follow the path as it curves firs right, then left, moving gradually uphill all the while, suddenly there's sunlight in front of them, bright and intense: a clearing. They hesitate at its edge, staring.
16) 7) dialog: So beautiful.
16) 10) dialog: Smile, Mathias.
16) 51) dialog: She takes another step; she's right up against the vines.
16) 61) dialog: 
18) 13) dialog: The mine? Jeff nods. A draft is rising from the hole, and it lifts Amy's hat. She tries to catch it, but fumbles: the hat falls away from her. They all watch it vanish into the da Eric pulls out his phone, flips it open, almost absentmindedly: a nervous gesture. There's still no signa He closes it, turns to survey the clearing, the empty ten
20) 6) dialog: So. Her skin is slick with sweat, and she's winded from the h down. A third Mayan comes jogging toward them. He stops beside the other two, draws his bow.
22) 0) text: Amy, Stacy, and Eric sit in the clearing, beside the shaf passing a bottle of water among themselves. Eric is struggling to calm the girls:
22) 2) dialog: The girl?
22) 4) dialog: Stop it, Eric.
22) 11) dialog: Just stop, okay? Stop talking. Stacy struggles to collect herself, breathing deep. She wipes at her face. Amy keeps stroking her hand. Jeff and Mathias are approaching across the hilltop. Math holding his burned-looking hands out in front of him. He 9 a nd Jeff crouch beside the others.
22) 14) dialog: But I'm thirsty.
22) 16) dialog: So let's drink. Jeff shakes his head, capping the bottle.
22) 18) dialog: I'm hungover. I'm sunburned. I lost my hat. I need some water.
22) 25) dialog: 
22) 26) dialog: Why do you get to decide? Jeff stares at her, considering this. Then he shrugs.
22) 40) dialog: Who? Jeff lifts one hand, palm-up, half a shrug.
22) 43) dialog: We're not supposed to leave till Friday. Jeff nods. AMY (cont'd) And they'll have to come searching. Again, he nods. AMY (cont'd) So you're talking--what, a week?
22) 50) dialog: We can't live here for a week, Jeff.
22) 52) dialog: But what will we eat? How will we-- The RINGING comes again, silencing her. She glances towar the shaft, not quite believing what she's hearing. It com a THIRD TIME, and they all stand up, step to the hole, pe into its darkness. The RINGING comes yet again.
22) 54) dialog: It can't be--
22) 58) dialog: Way down in that hole? How could it pick it up? Still another RING.
22) 66) dialog: Jeff. He turns to look, and she points at the rope, where it co off the windlass and angles up toward the little wheel hanging from the sawhorse.
22) 88) dialog: Is he-- There's a GROAN from below, very faint, almost inaudible.
22) 90) dialog: Go? Jeff nods, waving into the shaft.
22) 92) dialog: Why can't you? Or Eric?
22) 100) dialog: (RELIEVED)
24) 0) text: Amy is crouched, adjusting the lamp's flame. Jeff and Eri have mended the rope.
25) 0) text: Jeff steps back to the hole, peers into it. So does Amy. Eric waits by the windlass. The rope is completely played out. Stacy SHOUTS, her voice ECHOING slightly:
26) 0) text: Jeff, Amy, and Eric have rushed to the shaft; they're pee into it. There's only darkness beneath them. Eric SHOUTS:
27) 0) text: Jeff is at the windlass, hurriedly cranking the rope back Eric and Amy stand watching.
28) 0) text: Jeff, Eric and Amy, still watching; Jeff turns to the oth
28) 12) dialog: (very quietly) Oh no. Please no. Jeff turns to her.
28) 14) dialog: No, Jeff. No way. We can't move him.
28) 23) dialog: We'll make it worse. Well jostle him, and he'll-- Jeff turns toward her, with a hint of EXASPERATION:
28) 25) dialog: we have to tell them.
28) 27) dialog: The Mayans. We have to tell them what's happened. Jeff gives her an incredulous look. She keeps retreating; she's almost at the path. AMY (cont'd) They can send for help.
28) 29) dialog: We have to may. We have to-- She spins, starts off at a run, vanishing down the trail. Jeff calls after her, SHOUTING:
29) 3) dialog: Help us. Please. Someone's been hurt. He-- Jeff comes to a halt, five feet behind her.
29) 5) dialog: Say it in Spanish. Tell them he--
29) 7) dialog: Try it. You have to try.
29) 14) dialog: Help usi We need help! The Mayans just stare at her, their weapons raised, their faces expressionless. one of them is much younger than th others, almost a boy. He says something in MAYAN to the b man, and the bald man shakes his head. Amy begins to CRY. Jeff pulls at her elbow.
29) 16) dialog: I didn't want to come. I told you we shouldn't. I said-- Jeff tightens his grip on her arm, gives her a little sha as if to wake her up.
29) 18) dialog: We shouldn't even be here. Why did you say we'd come? (she wipes at her tears) You have to do something. (rising toward a shout) You have to! It's your fault. It's all your-- Jeff shakes her again, more roughly, his voice like a sla
29) 25) dialog: I didn't know. I just-- She's growing increasingly upset, almost SOBBING. She tri to turn back toward the Mayans again, but Jeff won't let AMY (cont'd) They have to help us.
29) 27) dialog: They have to. She wrenches herself free, stumbles, falls into the vines beside the trail. Jeff reaches for her, but she kicks awa from him, grabbing at the vines, scrambling to her feet. As she rises, she yanks up a tendril, a clot of earth han from its roots. She SCREAMS, spinning toward the clearing AMY (cont'd)
29) 35) dialog: (no reaction) AY. She turns, finally. She looks horrified, stupefied; her hands are burned a deep red from the vine's sap. Jeff wav her up the hill. She stares at him for another beat, and then, without a word, starts to climb the trail. Jeff hesitates, watching the Mayans: the bloodied corpse, the raised weapons, the KEENING woman. Then he, too, turn and hurries off up the trail.
30) 0) text: Amy, Jeff, and Eric have taken down the blue tent; its contents lie tumbled in a pile in the little clearing. Al three of them look sun struck, sweat-stained, worn out.
30) 8) dialog: I'm okay. But she doesn't look it. Jeff removes his hat, holds it o Amy just stares at it; he nods for her to take it.
31) 0) text: The.sun is just touching the horizon, the sky turning red Th ey've tied the braids of nylon onto the rope, attached finished backboard to them. It rests beside the shaft, padded with one-of the archaeologist's sleeping bags. Jeff and Eric remove their belts, drop them onto the backboard. They step to the windlass, lean against its ha crank, the rope going taut. Amy stands by the shaft, gathering her courage. Then she reaches for the backboard
31) 2) dialog: Stacy?
31) 4) dialog: Light the lamp! Stacy shifts; once again, there's the RASP of a match, th the stronger illumination of the lamp as she lights its w Mathias's eyes are shut; there's a deep RAGGEDNESS to his breathing. Stacy looks upward.
31) 12) dialog: She's dropping slowly down the shaft, clenching the nylon braids, her eyes tightly shut: terrified. The backboard sways, pendulum-like, as it descends, almost touching the vine-covered walls.
31) 15) dialog: Almost. A few more feet.
31) 17) dialog: I don't know. Three?
31) 25) dialog: If he twists--
31) 28) dialog: We're gonna try itt She climbs off the backboard, crouches beside Mathias. St sets down the lamp. AMY (cont'd) Mathias...? She touches his shoulder, and he opens his eyes, stares a her. He looks haggard, ashen. 10111..
31) 35) dialog: If you lift from his feet, he'll bend at the waist.
31) 37) dialog: His knees. Stacy crouches by Mathias's knees, a little off balance, favoring her wounded leg. Amy bends, sliding her hands un his shoulders. Mathias GROANS, and Stacy starts to pull away, but Amy shakes her head. AMY (cont'd) Quickly. On three. They count together:
31) 38) dialog: One ... two.-,.three. They lift, and Mathias immediately starts to SCREAM. His body sags at the waist; he begins to thrash his arms. Sta starts to set him down, but Amy shakes her head, SHOUTS:
31) 39) dialog: No!
32) 3) dialog: You okay? She waits, but he doesn't respond. His eyes remain shut. Stacy rises, buttoning her pants, limps back toward Amy. She's on the edge of tears, is working hard to fight them off. Amy lifts her head, SHOUTS up to Jeff: AMY (cont'd) Pull him up!
34) 0) text: The windlass CREAKS loudly as Eric and Jeff work to wind the rope. Stacy has already been pulled up from the hole. She's sitting beside Mathias, who's lying on the backboar on the edge of the clearing, by the orange tent. Amy emerges from the shaft, dangling beneath the sawhorse Jeff holds the rope taut while Eric steps to the hole, pu Amy toward him. Stacy watches from beside the backboard. Mathias's eyes are shut, his breathing ROUGH with phlegm. No one speaks. Once Amy is free of the sling, they all mo to the backboard. Eric takes Stacy's-hand; Jeff crouches, starts to undo the belts.
34) 10) dialog: But we can't just leave him out in the open.
35) 0) text: Stacy and Amy have pushed the camping supplies into a pil along the tent's rear wall. Stacy pulls off her pants, be to examine her wound in the darkness. Amy is beside her, lying on her side. A beat of silence. Then, WHISPERING:
35) 8) dialog: Shh.
35) 10) dialog: Don't, Stacy. Don't talk. It'll only make things worse. Stacy falls silent. AMY (cont'd) Just go to sleep, okay? Let's try to go to sleep. Stacy lies down next to Amy, in her-underwear and T-shirt They huddle close together in the darkness.
38) 0) text: Mathias lies on his backboard, eyes shut, his breathing s sounding THICK WITH PHLEGM. Amy sits beside him, hunched into herself, half drowsing. She lifts her head as Jeff emerges from the tent, stares at him.
38) 2) dialog: The same.
38) 4) dialog: (she shrugs) Tired. Thirsty. Hungry.
38) 15) dialog: Birds?
40) 0) text: Stacy's SCREAMING continues. Jeff and Amy are on their fe hurrying across the clearing. Mathias has opened his eyes
42) 0) text: Amy is crouched by the backboard, watching the tent, tryi to grasp what's happening. Mathias startles her by speaki
42) 2) dialog: It's okay. It's just--
42) 4) dialog: I know. You're hurt. But we're., gonna get you--
42) 6) dialog: Shh. But he fights her; he won't be quieted: MATHIAS. Show-me... So she leans, lifts the sleeping bag off him. His lower l are completely covered by the flowering vine, from the kn down. Amy and Mathias both stare in surprise. Then Amy reaches, starts to yank the tendrils free.
43) 12) dialog: Jeff...? They all turn toward the flap. Mathias begins to SCREAM. Amy's voice JUMPS in volume: AMY (O.S.) (cont'd) of .I Jeff rises, moves toward the flap.
44) 0) text: Amy is crouched over Mathias, frantically yanking the vin off him. Mathias is struggling impotently to sit up. He continues to SCREAM, staring down at his legs. Jeff emerges-from the tent, hurries to help Amy, both of tearing at the vine, a flash of white appearing beneath t green, shiny and bright: bones. Mathias's legs have been stripped completely clean of flesh from the knee down. As they keep pulling the tendrils free, blood starts to d from Mathias's knees, slowly at first, but then suddenly spurting, spraying them: their chests, their faces. Amy jerks backward, GAGGING, RETCHING.
46) 0) text: The four of them are sitting by the orange tent. Jeff and Amy are still spattered and smeared with Mathias's blood; Stacy is still in her underwear.
46) 17) dialog: What about Mathias? She nods toward him, and they all turn to look. From his knees down, Mathias's legs are nothing but bone, tendon, ropy clots of blackened blood. His face looks gray. His eyes are shut, and his breathing sounds terribly RAGGED.
46) 43) dialog: Without anaesthesia?
46) 49) dialog: No, Jeff. No way.
46) 58) dialog: You'll kill him.
48) 0) text: Mathias's SCREAMS fill the tent. Amy and Stacy are sittin together, clutching each other; Stacy is CRYING. Amy is staring toward the flap with a look of horror.
49) 2) dialog: He felt it, didn't he? The whole thing. Jeff lifts the canteen away.
49) 4) dialog: He was screaming. Be was telling you to stop.
49) 6) dialog: This is bad, Jeff. So bad. Jeff leans to loosen first one tourniquet, then the other
49) 13) dialog: You cut off his legs! You-- Stacy SCREAMS, pointing toward Mathias's amputated limbs. They're lying in the dirt at the base of the backboard, t bloodstained bones held together with a few remaining cor of flesh. A vine has come snaking into the clearing: it's wrapping itself around one of the feet. As the tendril begins to drag. the bones away, a.second o slithers forward and lays claim to the other foot. Eric grabs the knife, jumps up, steps on the first tendri bends to slash at it with the blade. He swoops toward the second one. Even as he does so, though, a third tendril slithers into the clearing, then a fourth. Stacy SCREAMS again, short and loud, and backs toward the tent; Eric bends and slashes, bends and slashes, and the' keeps coming, from all directions, reaching for the bones
50) 18) dialog: It's okay. I'll go alone. Jeff ignores this. He rises to his feet, still focused on Stacy. WE can HEAR his growing anger in his voice:
50) 47) dialog: .'-11 be right there. Okay? We'll be together the whole time. A long beat, then Stacy manages a nod. It's enough for Je he pushes past Eric, moving toward the windlass.
51) 0) text: A faint fall of light from above. There's the CREAKING of the windlass: Amy is dropping slowly toward us. When her feet touch the bottom of the shaft, she scrambles out of sling. Then she lifts her head, SHOUTS:
51) 1) dialog: Pull it up! The CREAKING resumes. She stands there in the dimness, watching the sling rise away from her. She has the makesh torch in one hand, the box of matches in the other.
52) 11) dialog: Wait... She pauses, lifting the torch, but Stacy keeps going. Amy peers at the vine hanging from the wall. There's a fifth RING, echoing eerily, and the flowers move in exact uniso with the sound, their stamens vibrating, like so many miniature tuning forks: the plant is making the noise. AMY (cont'd) Stacy... The shaft dead-ends at a blank wall, which is just materializing out of the darkness, fifteen feet in front them. There's a sixth RING. Stacy points at the wall, quickening her pace.
52) 13) dialog: 
52) 30) dialog: You. But Stacy is too hysterical: she just stands there, SOBBI SCREAMING. Jeff's voice comes toward them from above,
52) 33) dialog: Pull us up!
52) 35) dialog: 
54) 0) text: The weather has shifted; a wind has risen. The sun is setting, a red smudge behind a dark gray wall of clouds. Mathias lies.on his backboard, unconscious, his breathing coming in that ragged RASP, a thread of brown liquid leak from the corner of his mouth. Amy is crouched beside him; she leans forward, wipes away the liquid. Stacy sits in the clearing behind her, leaning against Er They're both slick with sweat, but Stacy keeps shivering, if cold. Eric's arms are around her, and her eyes are shu Jeff is peeling the orange. Like Amy, he's still spattere and stained with Mathias's blood. The vine has continued grow on everyone's clothes, weblike, eating away at the fabric. Jeff reaches, tugs free a strand of it, and a six inch tear appears in his T-shirt. Stacy opens her eyes; she leans forward, peers down at th wounds on her leg, her right hand moving to her chest, probing at her rib cage. She turns to Eric:
54) 8) dialog: It's okay, sweetie. You're okay. Stacy keeps WEEPING, uncontrollably, shaking her head.
54) 11) dialog: Stacy... Stacy keeps WAILING, rocking, eyes shut. Amy leans in clo AMY (cont'd) Let's play the game...can you do that? Huh? Can you give me a "So"? Stacy continues to CRY. AMY (cont'd) Come on. Just try. Can you try? (a beat) So there was this girl who wanted to be a pilot. Stacy's tears keep coming. Amy looks at Eric, gives him a nod,'prodding him into speech. He hesitates, then:
54) 13) dialog: So she became a lifeguard instead. (she squeezes Stacy's
54) 21) dialog: So she wore a life vest. (she squeezes Stacy's hand
54) 24) dialog: Yeah...? Everyone what?
54) 26) dialog: Good. That's good. So she-- Very suddenly, it starts to rain--a dozen large, heavy dr They all glance skyward.
54) 34) dialog: 
54) 37) dialog: There was water in it. He spins toward her, turning his fury with himself on her
54) 39) dialog: You said--
54) 41) dialog: Don't, Jeff.
54) 48) dialog: Please, don't.
54) 50) dialog: Shut up!
54) 52) dialog: (SHOUTING)
54) 62) dialog: He's gonna die, isn't he? if there's no phone, then there's no--
54) 116) dialog: The Mayans.
56) 0) text: Jeff, Stacy and Amy lie side-by-side in the darkness. The liquid RATTLE of Mathias's breathing comes from the clear sounding as if someone were sawing at a tin can. Jeff and Stacy are asleep; Amy is stirring restlessly, shifting first onto one side, then the other. Finally, sh rises, moves toward the flap, slips quietly through it.
57) 0) text: The moon is out, dropping its faint light upon us. Mathia is on his backboard beneath the little lean-to, more audi than visible, with his PHLEGM-CLOTTED breathing. Eric is beside him. He looks up as Amy emerges from the tent.
57) 3) dialog: I don't mind. I can't sleep. Eric checks his watch again, its glow briefly illuminatin his face. He gestures toward the tent.
57) 5) dialog: They both are. There's a slight breeze, and the tent makes a FLAPPING SO in it. They both turn to stare at it. Then: AMY (cont'd) Do you think it's inside her?
57) 12) dialog: But she says she can feel it. Moving. Shifting about. Eric waves this aside.
57) 17) text: ERIC (cont'd) Like the words have gone up into the sky and God's sort of thinking about them now, making his choice, and if Mathias dies and we don't, it'll be.like I killed him, won't it? Like I-- Amy starts to CRY; she covers her mouth with her hand. Er stares at her in surprise. ERIC (cont'd) What? What is it? Amy shakes her head. She struggles to stop, but she can't
57) 18) dialog: I'm sorry ...I'm so sorry... (a beat) It's my fault.
57) 20) dialog: If I hadn't stepped onto the hill-- Her crying INCREASES. Eric leans, touches her hand.
57) 22) dialog: Jeff said it. He said-- Eric reaches, puts his arm around her, trying to quiet he
57) 24) dialog: We might not have...
59) 0) text: Mathias's breathing continues its RAGGED course. Amy is still leaning into Eric, her head on his shoulder. He has his arm around her. He looks up, blinking, as Stacy emerg from the tent into the moonlight.
59) 18) dialog: What? Jeff reaches, touches Stacy's arm, struggling to calm her but she flinches from him.
59) 27) dialog: Nothing happened, Stacy. I was crying. And Eric--
59) 31) dialog: Stacy.
59) 33) dialog: Shi i up. Right now. A second tendril has slithered under the lean-to. It cove Mathias's nose, drawing itself tight. The steady rasping his breathing is CUT OFF. Yet again, no one notices.
59) 35) dialog: You bitch. You stupid cunt. Stacy spins on her, VENOMOUS:
61) 0) text: Jeff stands there, staring down toward the jungle. Eric a Stacy are sitting together in the clearing behind him, holding hands; Stacy is still CRYING softly. Amy approach across the hilltop, stops beside Jeff.
61) 7) dialog: It didn't happen. Jeff turns, stares at her. she waves back toward the tent AMY (cont'd) Eric and I, we were just---
61) 9) dialog: And what she said. About spring break. I-- Jeff reaches, presses his finger to her lips.
61) 11) dialog: But I want to tell you--
62) 0) text: Jeff is crouched beside the backboard, UNZIPPING the slee bag. Eric tosses the flimsy lean-to aside, exposing Mathias's corpse-to the sun. Amy and Stacy stand watching
62) 14) dialog: Can I give her some? The knife is placed in the fire, and WE PULL BACK TO REVE
63) 0) text: Amy holds up the bottle of tequila. Jeff is crouching ove the fire, heating the knife's blade. Be glances toward he nods. Stacy is sitting down, staring at the bulge in her with a dazed expression. Eric is beside her. Amy offers the bottle to Stacy;-they all watch as she tak long swallow. Then she hands the bottle back to Amy, and Jeff pulls the knife from the fire, carries it toward her He gestures to Eric and Amy.
65) 0) text: They've pulled a shirt from one of the backpacks, torn it into strips, and used these to bandage Stacy's wounds, ty them around her leg and torso. She's lying on her side, e shut, her head in Eric's lap. He's stroking her hair. Jeff is counting the grapes into four separate piles. Amy sits watching him. When he finishes, he gestures for her take a pile. Then he scoops Stacy and Eric's rations up, carries them over.
65) 24) dialog: Shh. Stacy SOBS into Amy's shoulder, her body jumping. Amy strokes her. Eric steps across the clearing, picks up the bottle of tequila. He glances at Jeff, and Jeff nods. AMY (cont'd) You're scared, honey. You're just scared. You know? Stacy nods; she's still CRYING, but it's growing quieter. Eric crouches beside her, holds out the bottle of tequila Stacy just stares at it. Amy encourages her: AMY (cont'd) It'll help. Stacy accepts the bottle, takes a long swallow. Then another. The others watch her in silence. Finally: AMY (cont'd) Can you rest some? In the tent? Stacy is silent. She wipes the tears from her face.
65) 26) dialog: (NODDING)
65) 27) text: I know...I know. (she stands up, holds out her hand) Let's just lie down for a bit. Okay? Stacy hesitates, staring up at Amy. Then she reaches, gra her hand. Amy pulls her to her feet, helps her hobble acr the clearing to the tent. Jeff and Eric sit-there, watchi in silence as they vanish through the flap.
68) 0) text: Jeff, Eric, and Amy, still sleeping. The tent's flap continues to billow in the breeze. Very faintly, from the clearing, WE HEAR a moan. Then the sound of WHIMPERING. Eric opens his eyes, listening. An instant later, very abruptly, there comes a sharp, rending SCREAM of pure pai Eric jumps up, starts for the flap; Jeff is right behind
69) 0) text: Eric emerges from the tent, then Jeff, then Amy. They sta there, staring, too horrified to move.
69) 1) dialog: Oh my God. Stacy is on the far side of the clearing. She's pulled of her shirt, her shorts, and has cut much of the skin from body. She doesn't notice them. She's bent over, slicing into her left thigh, peeling the skin back from the muscl
69) 5) dialog: Please, honey. Just-- Stacy shakes her head; she's CRYING, too, her whole body shaking. Her hair is matted with blood; she looks terrifi
69) 23) dialog: Jeff I She points toward the tent. Jeff turns to see.
69) 38) dialog: Shh. Shh. The vine's laughter grows steadily. LOUDER, punctuated by Stacy's SHOUTS:
71) 0) text: Amy sits beside Stacy, who lies on her back in the puddle blood, arms thrown out, the knife stuck hilt-deep in her chest. Eric's body is barely visible at the edge of the clearing; the vine RUSTLES softly as it consumes him.
71) 7) dialog: I still think we should wait. Jeff SIGHS: it's clear they've already been through this.
71) 9) dialog: They'll come looking. You said
71) 12) dialog: Our parents--
71) 19) dialog: I don't want to. I don't... She shakes her head, wipes at her face: the tears, the sn the sweat, the dirt. Her clothes are falling off her body eaten to shreds. Jeff's, too. AMY (cont'd) Why can't we both? Jeff hesitates a.beat. Then, clearly not believing it:
71) 21) dialog: How?
74) 0) text: A bed, a night stand, a curtained window. Amy lies with a sheet pulled to her chin, unconscious, an IV dripping int her arm. They've cleaned the blood off her. A NURSE sits in a chair beside the bed. She's in her earl twenties, with long dark hair tied in a bun. She stands u stepping back from the bed, as the doctor and Teresa ente The doctor addresses her in SUBTITLED SPANISH: