0) 0) text: The hotel is six stories high, a wall of glass and stucco Beach chairs are arrayed around the pool's edge; sunbathe lie sprawled across them. A short boardwalk leads toward Gulf of Mexico: the white sand, the blue water. Four young Americans are encamped near the pool's edge; they're all in their early twenties. AMY lies face down o chaise, eyes shut, a cooler beside her. She's petite, wit short blond hair, her skin pinkly sunburned. ERIC sits in the chair beside her, studying the Cliff Not for The Canterbury Tales. He's leanly muscular, with dark curly hair. Other Cliff Notes lie scattered beneath his chair: Antigone, A Separate Peace, Hea rt of Darkness, 19 JEFF and STACY sit on the far side of the cooler; they're playing gin. Stacy, too, is petite, with short hair, thou hers,. is dark. She's wearing a pale blue bikini, and has beer bottle in her hand. She looks a little bored. Jeff is tall, scrawny. Like Eric, he has a pair of swim trunks on, and is deeply tanned. He's very focused, frown down at his cards.
0) 17) dialog: Fuck..;this.. shit. Eric throws the Canterbury Tales to the ground. Then he rises, steps to the cooler, pulls out a beer, carries it to his chair. Stacy watches as he takes a long swallow.
0) 20) dialog: I said I had.
0) 27) dialog: (appalled by the idea) The Canterbury Tales? You ever look at that shit?
0) 29) dialog: Fuck off. It's not even English. Jeff watches Stacy take another card; she examines it, se it on the discard pile. Then, RECITING:
0) 43) dialog: But what he really wanted was a beach house.
0) 46) dialog: But the Queen didn't want to.
0) 48) dialog: But he got lonely. Amy covers her ears with her hands, blocking out their voices, but then inmiediately reaches to feel for her earrings: one of them is missing.
0) 51) dialog: But it had fleas.
0) 54) dialog: But the dog caught. cold. Amy sits up, glancing about. Stacy and Eric keep going:
0) 61) dialog: But it was the wrong kind.
3) 0) text: Mathias and the two couples sit together, with their beer Amy's skin has turned deep red; Stacy is behind her, appl lotion to her shoulders. Eric is talking to Mathias:
3) 1) dialog: We went sailing yesterday. Out toward Cozumel? And there were these seven foot fish, these huge--
3) 3) dialog: (he nods) Like thirty of them. A whole, you know, flock.
3) 5) dialog: The water was, I don't know, ten feet deep? And they were lying on the bottom, just waiting for somebody to come swimming by--
3) 7) dialog: You said they're sharks.
3) 9) dialog: I wouldn't be snorkeling on my own.' That's all I'm saying.
3) 20) dialog: You should hang with us, then. If you're on your own. (he glances at the others) Right? Everyone nods, smiling. Eric reaches into the cooler, pul out another beer, holds it toward Mathias.
4) 0) text: There's a DJ, a dozen beer kegs. A few young men and wome are dancing beside a bonfire, but most of the crowd is scattered in small groups across the sand, TALKING, drink the firelight flickering off their faces. Stacy, Amy, Eric, Jeff and Mathias are sitting together; all have cups of beer. Stacy is between Eric's legs, lean against his chest. Amy, Jeff and Mathias sit cross-legged Everyone but Jeff and Mathias is a little drunk, and you hear it in their voices. Amy drains her cup, stands up, v unsteadily. She holds out her hand to Jeff.
4) 7) dialog: Jeff doesn't dance, Amy--he has no rhythm. Of all his many gifts, rhythm is not one.
4) 9) dialog: Seriously? Amy nods. She drains her beer, tosses the cup aside.
4) 11) dialog: You?
4) 12) dialog: (he shakes his head) I don't dance on sand. Stacy makes a SNORTING sound.
4) 14) dialog: I dance on teak.
4) 16) dialog: It's a type of wood. Very rare. Find me a teak floor and I'll be a dancing fool. Amy shifts toward Mathias, holds out her hand. He stares it, then glances at Jeff. Before he can speak, Stacy push herself to her feet; she's almost as wobbly as Amy.
4) 24) dialog: You're kidding. Jeff seems STARTLED by this:
4) 26) dialog: How long is med school? Four years? Jeff nods. ERIC (cont'd) And then you got, whaddya call it, residency? Another nod. Eric turns toward Mathias. ERIC (cont'd) He's gonna be grinding away all that time. Sleepless. Fucking miserable. And know what? He's gonna look back on this night, us right here, and he's gonna say to himself, shit, I wish I'd--
4) 28) dialog: All work and no play--
4) 35) dialog: Amy drifts sometimes, when she drinks.
4) 37) dialog: Like a boat--she bumps into other boats. They continue to watch. Amy and her partner's dancing is becoming steadily more intimate, the gap between their bo narrowing, then disappearing altogether. Finally, Eric pushes himself to his feet.' ERIC (cont'd) Come on. Let's save everyone some grief. He starts. forward, followed by Mathias. They join Stacy Amy, and Eric subtly interrupts Amy's pas de deux. The bl haired young man disengages, drifts back toward his frien
9) 24) dialog: Ready? The both answer at the same time:
10) 0) text: Only half the seats are occupied: tourists with their pac and cameras-and hats. Little TVs hang from the ceiling. We MOVE slowly down the aisle, passing Jeff and Amy first Amy is sound asleep, a camera hanging from her neck, a Pa hat in her lap. Jeff is beside her, bent low over a tour book, comparing its much more detailed map with the one Mathias's brother left behind. Next come Eric and Stacy, hunched together in their seats watching a Mexican soap opera on the little TV above them Stacy mimics the actors' exaggerated gestures, GIGGLING. Eric has the Cliff Notes for Hamlet in his lap, unopened. Finally, there's Mathias. The seat beside him is empty. He's staring out the window, his expression perfectly bla
11) 0) text: The town is very small: a dirt road lined with one- and t story buildings, some with thatched roofs. There's a grav turnaround, with a bus idling in it. Its door CREAKS open A dozen tourists emerge from the bus, blinking in the sunlight. Jeff, Amy, Stacy, Eric, and Mathias are among them. The boys have the knapsacks; the girls are wearing matching hats. Amy rubs at her face, stretching, waking u There's a souvenir stand at the town's entrance, with brightly colored blankets hanging from its walls. The tourists start toward it, leaving Jeff and the others bes the idling bus. They peer about, getting their bearings.
11) 1) dialog: Now what? Mathias has his brother's note. He holds it out, pointing and they gather around him to look.
11) 3) dialog: How far?
14) 2) dialog: But she didn't know how to play.
14) 4) dialog: But she couldn't afford them. Stacy reaches, taps Mathias's shoulder.
14) 11) dialog: But was fired for being late. Amy takes off her hat, wipes the sweat from her face.
14) 15) dialog: But she fell in love with her first client. Amy puts her hat back on. She looks hot, sweaty, tired.
14) 28) dialog: Fucking smells.
14) 30) dialog: Who?
14) 41) dialog: Why don't we-- He stops, noticing Mathias. The German is staring toward edge of the trail, where a large bush sits. one of its fronds is very slowly dropping toward them, pulling itsel free of the soil. Mathias steps forward, tugs at a second frond, which slip easily from the dirt. He tosses it aside, reaches for another frond: this, too, slips free. Someone has pushed them into the earth, arranging them to look like a bush. Mathias pulls a fourth frond free, then a fifth, and an opening is revealed in the brush, a narrow path winding i way off through the trees. They stand there a beat, stari at it. Then there's a SQUEAKING SOUND, and they all turn.
15) 1) dialog: Maybe the ruins are sacred. You know? And they don't want people digging them up. He glances about, off into the trees, a little spooked. ERIC (cont'd) We could be walking through some sort of ancient graveyard right now. And they've--
15) 8) dialog: So?
15) 10) dialog: Maybe it leads to a marijuana field, then. Maybe the village is growing pot, and that boy rode off to get them, and they're gonna come with guns and--
15) 12) dialog: What?
16) 31) dialog: Maybe he wants money? A toll or something? The Mayan continues SHOUTING, waving his arm. Jeff reache into his pocket, pulls out his wallet, removes a twenty.
16) 43) dialog: What the fuck?
16) 45) dialog: 
17) 7) dialog: Nothing.. He snaps it shut. They stand there: sweating, scared looking. Mathias cups his hands to his mouth again, SHOUT
17) 11) dialog: There's another one. He points toward the clearing below them.
17) 19) dialog: Let's run back down. Quick. While there's just him and the kid. We can rush them.
18) 9) dialog: What's inside?
18) 14) dialog: Now what? Jeff shrugs, waves past the shaft. The clearing ends just few yards from them;
19) 2) dialog: Fuck. The man slides his bow off his shoulder, nocks an arrow. shakes his head at them, CALLS OUT in MAYAN, waves them a
20) 7) dialog: We should rush them. All at once.
20) 9) dialog: Or go make shields. If we had some shields, we could-- He falls silent as another Mayan comes running toward the along the clearing. This one is bearded, heavier than the others. And he's carrying a rifle.
22) 0) text: Amy, Stacy, and Eric sit in the clearing, beside the shaf passing a bottle of water among themselves. Eric is struggling to calm the girls:
22) 1) dialog: We can sneak past once the sun...-' sets, I bet. You know? Just reep by them in the dark? Stacy and Amy hardly seem to hear him; they look dazed, distraught. Eric passes the bottle to Stacy. A beat, then ERIC (cont'd) And then there's the girl.
22) 3) dialog: The one his brother met. What happened to her? Amy and Stacy are silent. Stacy lifts the water bottle to her lips, but immediately lowers it, and starts to CRY ag Amy takes her hand. Eric watches them, silent. Then: ERIC (cont'd) And the archaeologists. You think-- Stacy's crying deepens toward a SOB. Amy gives Eric a loo
22) 5) dialog: What?
22) 12) dialog: What happened? Jeff takes the bottle from Stacy. He pours a tiny bit of water on Mathias's hands.
22) 38) dialog: Why don't they just kill us?
22) 59) dialog: What else can it be?
22) 87) dialog: Oh, Jesus. Oh, fuck.
24) 7) dialog: You okay? Stacy nods, but without much conviction. Eric steps towar her, gives her a tight hug. He holds her eyes for a momen kisses her. Then he joins Jeff at the hand crank. They le against it, and the rope goes taut. Stacy steps out into the open air over the shaft, the lam her right hand. With her left hand, she lunges, grabs at sawhorse, clings tightly to it. Jeff glances toward her f the hand crank.
25) 0) text: Jeff steps back to the hole, peers into it. So does Amy. Eric waits by the windlass. The rope is completely played out. Stacy SHOUTS, her voice ECHOING slightly:
26) 0) text: Jeff, Amy, and Eric have rushed to the shaft; they're pee into it. There's only darkness beneath them. Eric SHOUTS:
26) 1) dialog: Stacy...? Stacy's voice rises toward them, sounding. very FAR AWAY:
27) 0) text: Jeff is at the windlass, hurriedly cranking the rope back Eric and Amy stand watching.
27) 2) dialog: The clothes? From the backpacks? We could knot them together?
27) 10) dialog: Bad?
28) 0) text: Jeff, Eric and Amy, still watching; Jeff turns to the oth
28) 7) dialog: Would it be strong enough?
30) 0) text: Amy, Jeff, and Eric have taken down the blue tent; its contents lie tumbled in a pile in the little clearing. Al three of them look sun struck, sweat-stained, worn out.
30) 6) dialog: Maybe we could use it as a weapon, you know? Wrap it around some stones or something. And throw them, like grenades. I mean, if they're that scared of it-- Jeff tears off a piece of tape with his teeth.
31) 0) text: The.sun is just touching the horizon, the sky turning red Th ey've tied the braids of nylon onto the rope, attached finished backboard to them. It rests beside the shaft, padded with one-of the archaeologist's sleeping bags. Jeff and Eric remove their belts, drop them onto the backboard. They step to the windlass, lean against its ha crank, the rope going taut. Amy stands by the shaft, gathering her courage. Then she reaches for the backboard
32) 0) text: The sun has set. There's a half moon, giving us just enou light to dimly see Eric and Jeff peering into the shaft. Mathias's SCREAMS echo up toward them.
34) 0) text: The windlass CREAKS loudly as Eric and Jeff work to wind the rope. Stacy has already been pulled up from the hole. She's sitting beside Mathias, who's lying on the backboar on the edge of the clearing, by the orange tent. Amy emerges from the shaft, dangling beneath the sawhorse Jeff holds the rope taut while Eric steps to the hole, pu Amy toward him. Stacy watches from beside the backboard. Mathias's eyes are shut, his breathing ROUGH with phlegm. No one speaks. Once Amy is free of the sling, they all mo to the backboard. Eric takes Stacy's-hand; Jeff crouches, starts to undo the belts.
34) 1) dialog: Shouldn't we carry him into the tent first? Jeff pulls free the first belt, shifts to the second one.
34) 3) dialog: Because?
36) 0) text: Eric is building a tiny lean-to for Mathias, using the du tape, the leftover nylon and poles from the blue tent. Je crouches over the backboard. He starts to cut Mathias's jeans off him with the knife. Mathias's eyes remain shut.
36) 1) dialog: What're you doing?
36) 3) dialog: If what does? Jeff slides the soiled strips of-denim out from under Mathias's body, tosses them aside. He LOWERS his voice:.
36) 10) dialog: You think he's gonna die?
36) 12) dialog: Down?
36) 14) dialog: There's no oil for the lamp. Jeff waves toward the orange tent.
37) 0) text: The orange nylon is just starting to glow with the sun's arrival. Stacy and Eric lie beneath one of the sleeping bags, Eric's head on her shoulder. Jeff lies curled on hi side, a few feet away, still shirtless. Jeff's eyes open. He sits up, stares about, then reaches one of the backpacks. He quietly digs through it till he finds a T-shirt. He sniffs at it, then pulls it on.
39) 0) text: Stacy opens her eyes. She lies there, struggling to orien herself, with Eric on her shoulder. She starts to roll on her side, then stops, looking confused. She reaches under the sleeping bag, toward her leg, her confusion changing to alarm. She site up, jarring Eric awake, and throws back the sleeping bag.
39) 1) dialog: (BEFUDDLED)
41) 0) text: Eric is beside Stacy, trying to calm her; she's started t CRY. Her hands and wrists have turned a dark red, and the tendril is inside her leg, just to the left of her shin, running parallel to it. Jeff steps. toward them.
41) 2) dialog: The vine. It's inside her. Stacy points to her wound, SOBBING now:
43) 11) dialog: It's on our clothes. Stacy and Jeff both glance at him. There's a faint, almos fungus-like green growing on his shirt, an infantile vers of the vine covering the hillside all around them. It's o all of them: their shirts, their pants, their shoes. Before any of them can respond to this development, Amy starts to CALL from the clearing, sounding SCARED:
46) 15) dialog: We have to find the phone. We have to go back down and-- Jeff makes a calming motion.
46) 21) dialog: Eat, Stacy. You have to eat. She places the tiny sandwich into her mouth, chews, swall staring at her wound the whole time. Then:
46) 28) dialog: That's just swelling. It's natural. (he turns toward Jeff) Right?
46) 30) dialog: The phone. Let's find the phone. Jeff doesn't move. Stacy's bloodied khakis. are lying in dirt beside him, and he reaches for them, starts to cut o their legs with the knife, just above the knee.
46) 34) dialog: Cut what off?
46) 41) dialog: You're joking.
46) 45) dialog: He'll lose too much blood.
46) 47) dialog: With what? Jeff holds up the knife. Eric SCOFFS at the idea: ERIC (cont'd) That wouldn't do a thing. You'd need a bone saw.
46) 50) dialog: What about infection? Cutting into him with a dirty knife?
46) 61) dialog: There's nothing there, Stacy. It's
46) 64) dialog: You're imagining it. You're scared, and you--
46) 66) dialog: You have to calm down. Can you do that? Can you try to calm down? Stacy pulls free of him, drops into a crouch, hugging her knees to her chest, her eyes shut.
46) 68) dialog: A what?
46) 75) dialog: We go back down. We find the other phone. We call for help. That's how we get out of here. That's how we save him.
46) 77) dialog: One call, Jeff. They'll be here by sundown.
47) 0) text: Eric is crouched, dribbling the tequila onto the clothes, pausing to let it soak in, saturating the fabric. Jeff is kneeling by the backboard, talking to Mathias.
47) 8) dialog: 
49) 0) text: Jeff saws and chops at the shattered bones with the knife Mathias continues'to SCREAM. Eric is using all his weight hold him still, his head averted, his eyes clenched shut. Jeff lifts the severed bones.away from the backboard, dro them at his side. Then he scoops up the canteen again. As he presses it to Mathias's stump, Mathias finally passes his body going slack, his screams falling SILENT. For a long beat, there's just the SPITTING, SNAPPING soun Mathias's flesh being seared. Then Eric pulls back into a crouch, shaking his head, looking utterly depleted.
49) 1) dialog: Oh, Jesus. Jesus Christ. Amy emerges from the tent, then Stacy. They stand staring
50) 0) text: Eric is pulling the rope off the windlass, laying it out long zigzag across the clearing. Jeff is crouched by the shaft, making a torch. The girls stand over him, watching
50) 13) dialog: It's clear. He moves to the windlass, starts to wind the rope back on the barrel. They've tied a sling on the rope's end again. Stacy is pressing her right hand against the bottom of he rib cage: massaging, probing
50) 20) dialog: 
50) 23) dialog: Come on, man. She's too scared.
50) 30) dialog: it was inside her.
50) 32) dialog: ,hut Up. Okay? He's bigger than Jeff, stronger, and this is suddenly ver palpable. Their faces are three inches apart. A tense bea and then, more QUIETLY: ERIC (cont'd) You're being too hard. Jeff gives him a look of incredulity, almost disgust.
50) 34) dialog: Just leave her be. Jeff turns away from him, from all three of them. He star off across the hill for a beat, then shakes his head.
50) 36) dialog: So stop. Lay it down. Jeff turns back to him, gives him a look of pure contempt can HEAR his fury rising again as he speaks:
50) 38) dialog: I'm not saying--
50) 45) dialog: Of course not.
52) 0) text: Eric is helping Stacy into the sling, pulling it over her head; Stacy's hands are shaking badly. Eric hugs her, try to calm her. Jeff waits beside the hand crank.
54) 0) text: The weather has shifted; a wind has risen. The sun is setting, a red smudge behind a dark gray wall of clouds. Mathias lies.on his backboard, unconscious, his breathing coming in that ragged RASP, a thread of brown liquid leak from the corner of his mouth. Amy is crouched beside him; she leans forward, wipes away the liquid. Stacy sits in the clearing behind her, leaning against Er They're both slick with sweat, but Stacy keeps shivering, if cold. Eric's arms are around her, and her eyes are shu Jeff is peeling the orange. Like Amy, he's still spattere and stained with Mathias's blood. The vine has continued grow on everyone's clothes, weblike, eating away at the fabric. Jeff reaches, tugs free a strand of it, and a six inch tear appears in his T-shirt. Stacy opens her eyes; she leans forward, peers down at th wounds on her leg, her right hand moving to her chest, probing at her rib cage. She turns to Eric:
54) 2) dialog: Shh. But her crying increases; she begins to SOB. Jeff is bent over the orange, dividing it into four equal piles--its p too--concentrating. He lifts his head, stares. Amy stands up, hurries over., kneels in front of Stacy, takes her ha
54) 10) dialog: Shh... She's WAILING, rocking back and forth; she can't seem to stop. Amy struggles to calm her.
54) 12) dialog: But she was scared of heights.
54) 60) dialog: What about the vine? Jeff takes his sip, caps the bottle. He's reclaiming himself, his voice strengthening, his confidence returnin
54) 74) dialog: 
54) 84) dialog: Don't yell. she's just scared.
54) 87) dialog: Just a sip. To calm her.
54) 89) dialog: A sip, Jeff. He starts to lift the bottle again. Jeff shoves it aside.
54) 111) dialog: What the-- Stacy's voice keeps coming, switching locations, seeming float across the hilltop; they turn, tracking it.
57) 0) text: The moon is out, dropping its faint light upon us. Mathia is on his backboard beneath the little lean-to, more audi than visible, with his PHLEGM-CLOTTED breathing. Eric is beside him. He looks up as Amy emerges from the tent.
57) 2) dialog: I still have forty minutes.
57) 4) dialog: Is Stacy?
57) 11) dialog: (he shakes his head) Jeff cut it out. I saw him.
57) 13) dialog: You know how Stacy is. She's just scared. She gets things in her head, and--- Mathias makes a RETCHING sound--loud, wet, painful--and t both turn,ГўВЂВўpeering at his gaunt form through the dar He falls QUIET; his eyes don't open. A beat, then: ERIC (cont'd) I've been sitting here, you know, making all these deals in my head with God. You ever do that? Amy just stares at him. He has his arms wrapped around hi knees, hugging them to his chest. ERIC (cont'd) Like I say, okay, you can fire me on the first day teaching if that's what you want--just let us make it home. But that doesn't mean shit, 'cause I don't even really want the job, and He has to know that, doesn't He? So I say, all right, Stacy can leave me, you know, or even, I don't know, I'll give up a finger, okay? Or two fingers. Or fuck it, take a hand, take my left hand, but let us just get home, all of us. (a beat) And then I look at him-- (he nods toward Mathias) --and I can't help it, I'm, like, take him if you need to, take Mathias, and let the rest of us go. That's fucking horrible, isn't it? And once I've said it, I feel like I can't take it back, you know? (MORE)
57) 17) text: ERIC (cont'd) Like the words have gone up into the sky and God's sort of thinking about them now, making his choice, and if Mathias dies and we don't, it'll be.like I killed him, won't it? Like I-- Amy starts to CRY; she covers her mouth with her hand. Er stares at her in surprise. ERIC (cont'd) What? What is it? Amy shakes her head. She struggles to stop, but she can't
57) 19) dialog: what is?
57) 21) dialog: That's stupid, Amy. That's--
57) 23) dialog: He didn't mean it. There's no way. He was just--
57) 25) dialog: Shh. Don't. She rests her head on his shoulder, WEEPING, her body sha with it, while he pats her, stroking her hair.
59) 0) text: Mathias's breathing continues its RAGGED course. Amy is still leaning into Eric, her head on his shoulder. He has his arm around her. He looks up, blinking, as Stacy emerg from the tent into the moonlight.
59) 2) dialog: What?
59) 4) dialog: Heard me what?
59) 11) dialog: What're you talking about?
61) 0) text: Jeff stands there, staring down toward the jungle. Eric a Stacy are sitting together in the clearing behind him, holding hands; Stacy is still CRYING softly. Amy approach across the hilltop, stops beside Jeff.
62) 0) text: Jeff is crouched beside the backboard, UNZIPPING the slee bag. Eric tosses the flimsy lean-to aside, exposing Mathias's corpse-to the sun. Amy and Stacy stand watching
62) 2) dialog: I guess.
62) 4) dialog: Should we say something?
63) 0) text: Amy holds up the bottle of tequila. Jeff is crouching ove the fire, heating the knife's blade. Be glances toward he nods. Stacy is sitting down, staring at the bulge in her with a dazed expression. Eric is beside her. Amy offers the bottle to Stacy;-they all watch as she tak long swallow. Then she hands the bottle back to Amy, and Jeff pulls the knife from the fire, carries it toward her He gestures to Eric and Amy.
65) 0) text: They've pulled a shirt from one of the backpacks, torn it into strips, and used these to bandage Stacy's wounds, ty them around her leg and torso. She's lying on her side, e shut, her head in Eric's lap. He's stroking her hair. Jeff is counting the grapes into four separate piles. Amy sits watching him. When he finishes, he gestures for her take a pile. Then he scoops Stacy and Eric's rations up, carries them over.
65) 3) dialog: There's nothing there, Stacy.
65) 14) dialog: You can't. You can't keep-- Stacy is starting to CRY; her mouth is trembling.
65) 27) text: I know...I know. (she stands up, holds out her hand) Let's just lie down for a bit. Okay? Stacy hesitates, staring up at Amy. Then she reaches, gra her hand. Amy pulls her to her feet, helps her hobble acr the clearing to the tent. Jeff and Eric sit-there, watchi in silence as they vanish through the flap.
67) 0) text: Stacy stands just beyond the tent's.flap. All is still, quiet.- She moves to Eric's pack, crouches over it, pulls his phone. She flips it open, stares down at its screen: there's still no signal. She drops it back into the pack. She turns-to examine the clearing, her eyes falling upon two backpacks from the blue tent. Their pockets are zippe open: Jeff and Eric's hurried pillaging during the downpo has scattered their contents across the dirt. Stacy rises, steps toward this tangled mound. She starts dig through it, casually at first, but then with growing intensity, throwing T-shirts and jeans and shorts aside, probing deeply into the pile. Suddenly she goes still. Staring. Amid the sodden mass of clothing sits a knife in a small scabbard. As Stacy crouches there, the vines start to RUSTLE, a rippling motion passing across them, as. if a wind were sweeping the hillside. Stacy watches with a look of horro it looks like the pelt of some giant animal, shaking itse When it finally stops, she bends, reaching for the knife.
68) 0) text: Jeff, Eric, and Amy, still sleeping. The tent's flap continues to billow in the breeze. Very faintly, from the clearing, WE HEAR a moan. Then the sound of WHIMPERING. Eric opens his eyes, listening. An instant later, very abruptly, there comes a sharp, rending SCREAM of pure pai Eric jumps up, starts for the flap; Jeff is right behind
69) 0) text: Eric emerges from the tent, then Jeff, then Amy. They sta there, staring, too horrified to move.
69) 2) dialog: 
71) 0) text: Amy sits beside Stacy, who lies on her back in the puddle blood, arms thrown out, the knife stuck hilt-deep in her chest. Eric's body is barely visible at the edge of the clearing; the vine RUSTLES softly as it consumes him.