0) 0) text: The hotel is six stories high, a wall of glass and stucco Beach chairs are arrayed around the pool's edge; sunbathe lie sprawled across them. A short boardwalk leads toward Gulf of Mexico: the white sand, the blue water. Four young Americans are encamped near the pool's edge; they're all in their early twenties. AMY lies face down o chaise, eyes shut, a cooler beside her. She's petite, wit short blond hair, her skin pinkly sunburned. ERIC sits in the chair beside her, studying the Cliff Not for The Canterbury Tales. He's leanly muscular, with dark curly hair. Other Cliff Notes lie scattered beneath his chair: Antigone, A Separate Peace, Hea rt of Darkness, 19 JEFF and STACY sit on the far side of the cooler; they're playing gin. Stacy, too, is petite, with short hair, thou hers,. is dark. She's wearing a pale blue bikini, and has beer bottle in her hand. She looks a little bored. Jeff is tall, scrawny. Like Eric, he has a pair of swim trunks on, and is deeply tanned. He's very focused, frown down at his cards.
0) 2) dialog: That's not even a game.
0) 4) dialog: I know how to play. I mean it's just chance--there's no skill involved. Stacy frowns down at her hand, silenced. She picks a card from the deck, immediately discards it. Jeff snatches it lays down one of his own. Stacy stares at it in dismay.
0) 11) dialog: 'Cause you're not concentrating.
0) 13) dialog: Exactly. So where's the fun?
0) 15) dialog: But it's not winning if it's just chance.
0) 26) dialog: So maybe you should..
0) 28) dialog: I've read it.
0) 30) dialog: This world nys but a thurghfare ful of wo, and we been pilgrymes, passing to and fro. Deeth is an ende of every worldly soore. Eric and Stacy stare at Jeff in astonishment. Amy doesn't react. Jeff glances toward her. JEFF (cont'd) Sunscreen, Amy.
0) 32) dialog: You're burning. I can see it. She finally opens her eyes, lifts her head, peers at her shoulders. She presses at the pink skin.
0) 34) dialog: You're hot because you're burning.
2) 7) dialog: Wait. . .want a beer? He waves toward their chairs, the cooler beside them.
3) 2) dialog: Nurse sharks.
3) 4) dialog: School.
3) 6) dialog: They're not dangerous. Eric turns, stares at Jeff.
3) 8) dialog: But they're not dangerous. They eat lobsters. Sea urchins. That sort of thing. Eric considers this, frowning. Then he takes a sip of bee He shrugs, turns back toward Mathias.
3) 16) dialog: He's here? Mathias shakes his head.
3) 18) dialog: To?
4) 0) text: There's a DJ, a dozen beer kegs. A few young men and wome are dancing beside a bonfire, but most of the crowd is scattered in small groups across the sand, TALKING, drink the firelight flickering off their faces. Stacy, Amy, Eric, Jeff and Mathias are sitting together; all have cups of beer. Stacy is between Eric's legs, lean against his chest. Amy, Jeff and Mathias sit cross-legged Everyone but Jeff and Mathias is a little drunk, and you hear it in their voices. Amy drains her cup, stands up, v unsteadily. She holds out her hand to Jeff.
4) 23) dialog: I'm gonna head back. Eric gives him a look of disappointment,
4) 25) dialog: What?
4) 27) dialog: Gone to bed earlier. Eric stares at him; this wasn't the direction he was head JEFF (cont'd) If I'm gonna be so short on sleep, I should get as.much as I can now, don't you think? He stands up, brushes the sand from his shorts. Eric shru lifts his cup toward him.
4) 34) dialog: Makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. With that, Jeff nods good night to them, then starts off toward the hotel. Eric and Mathias turn back toward the bonfire. They sit in silence, watching the girls dance. After a moment, Amy staggers away from the other dancers, toward a group of young men, drinking together in the shadows. She reaches down, pulls one of them to his feet, starts to drag him back toward the bonfire. The young man is tall, with long blond hair. He LAUGHS, tries to free himself, but Amy is insistent; she keeps pulling at him, and finally he surrenders. They begin to dance. Stacy is dancing on her own, eyes shut, oblivious. Mathias glances toward Eric. Eric shrugs.
6) 1) dialog: You're up early. Mathias lifts his head: Jeff is standing there in his swe shirt, smiling down at him.
6) 3) dialog: To? Mathias slides the sheet of paper toward him. Jeff bends look. There's a paragraph in German scrawled above a hand drawn map, with four place names: Cancun, Valladolid, Tizimin, Coba. A large X has been drawn to the west of Co
6) 5) dialog: And you don't?
6) 13) dialog: impetuous?
6) 15) dialog: Responsible.
6) 17) dialog: It's what? One of those pyramids?
6) 19) dialog: De oro? 0 plata? Mathias just stares at him. JEFF (cont'd) You don't speak Spanish? Mathias shakes his head. JEFF (cont'd) So how will you find this place?
6) 21) dialog: Well, good luck.
7) 0) text: It's completely empty at this hour, and eerily silent. Chairs are stacked on the tables. As Jeff enters, a waite moves past ham, carrying a pitcher of orange juice. Jeff stops, turns to watch through the window beside the door.
8) 0) text: A rack with towels on it, a sink, a tub. Amy is crouched over the toilet, in underwear and a T-shirt, VOMITING. He skin is bright red. Jeff is standing in the tub, freshly showered, drying himself, watching. her. His running clot hang from a hook beside the door.
8) 1) dialog: You okay? Amy doesn't answer. She COUGHS, spits. JEFF (cont'd) You don't have to come, you know.
8) 3) dialog: You don't look fine.
8) 10) dialog: We'll be back by nightfall. You can just-- Amy is raising the brush to her mouth, but she stops, giv Jeff a look in the mirror.
8) 12) dialog: That's not what I'm saying.
8) 14) dialog: You're hungover, under slept,
8) 17) dialog: .All right. My mistake. Amy bends over the sink, starts to brush her teeth.
9) 0) text: A king-sized bed, a bureau, two night tables, a mini-frid Jeff emerges from-the bathroom, steps toward the bureau, starts to dress: boxers, jeans, T-shirt. A beat, then Amy shuffles out of the bathroom. She sits o the edge of the bed, starts to pull on a pair of shorts.
9) 1) dialog: Pants. Amy stops, the shorts around her ankles.
9) 8) dialog: There's gonna be mosquitoes. He picks up a knapsack, steps to the mini-fridge, opens i door. Amy stares down at the khakis for a beat, then drop back onto the bed. She lies there, looking up at the ceiling, her shorts still caught around her ankles.
9) 10) dialog: And?
9) 12) dialog: If you and I were traveling together, somewhere you didn't speak the language, and I'd vanished somehow, wouldn't you want someone to help find me?
9) 14) dialog: Aren't you getting bored? Honestly. The beach, the pool, the beach, the pool. This'll be fun. An adventure. Jeff pulls two protein bars from the bag, a box of raisin plastic bag full of grapes; he drops them into the knapsa JEFF (cont'd) You said you wanted to go;hiking, didn't you? See the ruins. Amy is silent, unmoving, clearly not swayed.
9) 21) dialog: 
9) 25) dialog: Amy's having second thoughts. Jeff doesn't want me to go. Stacy and Eric are silent; neither wants to get involved this. A beat, then Jeff SIGHS, glances at his watch.
9) 26) dialog: Now or never, Any. .We're gonna miss the bus. Amy gives a loud GROAN, sits up, reaches for her khakis.
10) 0) text: Only half the seats are occupied: tourists with their pac and cameras-and hats. Little TVs hang from the ceiling. We MOVE slowly down the aisle, passing Jeff and Amy first Amy is sound asleep, a camera hanging from her neck, a Pa hat in her lap. Jeff is beside her, bent low over a tour book, comparing its much more detailed map with the one Mathias's brother left behind. Next come Eric and Stacy, hunched together in their seats watching a Mexican soap opera on the little TV above them Stacy mimics the actors' exaggerated gestures, GIGGLING. Eric has the Cliff Notes for Hamlet in his lap, unopened. Finally, there's Mathias. The seat beside him is empty. He's staring out the window, his expression perfectly bla
11) 0) text: The town is very small: a dirt road lined with one- and t story buildings, some with thatched roofs. There's a grav turnaround, with a bus idling in it. Its door CREAKS open A dozen tourists emerge from the bus, blinking in the sunlight. Jeff, Amy, Stacy, Eric, and Mathias are among them. The boys have the knapsacks; the girls are wearing matching hats. Amy rubs at her face, stretching, waking u There's a souvenir stand at the town's entrance, with brightly colored blankets hanging from its walls. The tourists start toward it, leaving Jeff and the others bes the idling bus. They peer about, getting their bearings.
11) 6) dialog: Eleven. A little more.
11) 8) dialog: Two and a half miles.
11) 15) dialog: Hola. The man gives him a somber nod; the dog keeps BARKING. Je takes the map from Mathias, then steps warily forward. JEFF (cont'd) Habla ingles usted? The man half-nods, half-shrugs. JEFF (cont'd) How much to drive us to here? He offers the map to the driver, who reaches to take it. man frowns at it. Then, in HEAVILY ACCENTED ENGLISH:
11) 17) dialog: There are these ruins. This old mining camp? (MORE)
11) 24) dialog: To here? Jeff points at the map. The driver shakes his head.
11) 26) dialog: No good?
11) 28) dialog: How about we pay you fifteen dollars to go here? He holds the money out. The man doesn't even look at it.
11) 30) dialog: We're looking for his brother. (he points toward Mathias) Su hermano?
12) 0) text: Below us, the yellow truck travels along a single-lane ro Jeff and the others are in its rear. There are fields on either side of the road, bordered by thick jungle. The truck reaches a fork in the road, bears left, angling toward the wall of jungle, into which it vanishes, the overhanging foliage blocking it from sight.
13) 0) text: The road is dirt, heavily rutted. There's a small clearin beside it, with a path opening off it. The trees grow ove the path, forming a shady tunnel. WE HEAR birds calling, steady throb of insect life, but otherwise all is silent. A beat, then there's the sound of the TRUCK approaching, along with the dog's BARKING and GROWLING. The pickup appears, moving slowly, bouncing and swaying across the r The truck pulls into the little clearing, stops. Jeff and the others clamber out over its tailgate.
13) 6) dialog: Gracias, senor! The driver doesn't even look at him; he just pulls out on the road, heading back in the direction from which they c There are mosquitoes; Stacy starts to slap at herself. Je unslings his pack, pulls out a can of insect repellent. JEFF (cont'd) Here. He begins to spray her, then Eric. Amy is peering off aft the truck. They can still hear the dog's BARKING, but ver faintly now. Jeff finishes with Eric, starts in on Mathia
13) 8) dialog: The guidebook said you can always flag down a passing bus. So I--
13) 10) dialog: It also said you can hitch--
13) 19) dialog: They must-have a way to get supplies in.
13) 21) dialog: The archaeologists. They must have a truck. Or access to a truck. When we find Mathias's brother, we can just ask them to take us all back to Coba. (turning to Mathias) Right? Mathias seems startled by the question.
13) 24) dialog: Eleven.
13) 26) dialog: It's eleven miles.
13) 33) dialog: Let's just find this place, okay? Then we can figure out how to get back. Amy is silent. Jeff turns to the others. JEFF (cont'd) Ready? Mathias and Eric nod, and the boys start down the path. A stands there, watching them go. Stacy steps toward her.'
14) 27) dialog: The stream. Thirty feet in front of them, the trail dips toward a sma stream, studded with boulders. It resumes on the far bank rising gradually uphill in a long straightaway. The strea is slow moving, the water dark brown. Eric SNIFFS the air
14) 29) dialog: They must use it as a latrine.
14) 31) dialog: The village. The Mayans. They start toward it, gingerly, the girls covering their noses. Jeff crosses the stream, hopping from boulder to boulder, and the others follow. Stacy almost falls in; sh only catches her balance at the final instant, YELPING. Jeff is already starting up the trail, searching for the turnoff. There's no sign of it; the dense foliage extends unbroken as far as the eye can see. He turns to Mathias. JEFF (cont'd) How far past the stream?.
14) 51) dialog: It's on the map.
14) 54) dialog: Maybe the archaeologists don't want people to find the mine.
14) 56) dialog: Maybe they've dug up something valuable. Emeralds or something. Or silver. Whatever they were mining in the first place. And they don't want anyone to come rob them. So they've asked the Mayans to help keep people away. He falls into silence, staring at the boy. No one appears very convinced by his theory, not even Jeff. He shrugs. JEFF (cont'd) How much farther is it? Mathias takes the map from his pocket again, glances at i
14) 63) dialog: Be silly to stop now, don't you think? No one answers; no one moves.
14) 65) dialog: So we what? Turn around? Walk all the way back to Coba? Silence. They all turn to stare back down the trail, then toward the Mayan boy, who's still watching them. Stacy SL a mosquito, leaving a bloody smear on her bare arm. Jeff lifts his hand, gestures at the path.leading into the tre JEFF (cont'd) Come on. We're almost there. The others glance at one another, waiting for someone to argue; no one does. Finally, Mathias steps forward, slipp through the narrow opening. Eric follows him, and then, w just the slightest hesitation, so do Amy and Stacy. Jeff throws one last glance toward the boy--who's still standing there, sixty feet away, watching with his anxiou expression--and then he, too, vanishes into the trees.
15) 7) dialog: It's a mine. An old mining camp.
15) 9) dialog: There's nothing sacred about it. Eric considers this as they walk. The others are also qui too hot to speak. The sunlight falls through the trees in thin, shifting columns, hazed with mosquitoes.
16) 0) text: The clearing is twenty yards wide, and extends in either direction as far as the eye can see, finally curving out sight. Its soil is a deep black, flecked with white, like frost rime. It's completely free of vegetation. The path resumes on the far side of the clearing, winding way up asmall hill. The hill is rocky, oddly treeless, an covered with a vinelike growth--a vivid green, with hand- shaped leaves and tiny red flowers. Jeff and the others step warily out onto the cleared grou peering about, squinting in the sudden sunlight. They sta up at the flower-covered-hill.
16) 20) dialog: A horse. It's true: HOOFBEATS are approaching at a gallop. Instinctively, Jeff and the others back a handful of step toward the hill. A long. beat, then a horseman bursts int the clearing, rearing to a halt. Amy lifts her camera.
16) 32) dialog: Dinero? The man ignores the proffered bill, makes a shooing motio waving them from the clearing. Mathias turns toward the hill, cups his hands around his mouth, SHOUTS:
16) 35) dialog: Why don't you hike up, see if you can find him? We'll try to sort this out. Mathias nods, starts across the clearing. The bald man SHOUTS at him in Mayan, and then, when Mathias doesn't st pulls his pistol from its holster, FIRES into the sky. Everyone flinches, half-ducking. Stacy SCREAMS. Mathias goes still. The man waves at him, YELLING in Mayan, and Mathias comes back, his hands raised, to join the others. HOOFBEATS are approaching from the jungle again. They com closer and closer, and suddenly two more horsemen burst i the clearing. They're younger than the bald mans in their twenties, dark-haired, muscular. One has a mustache. Their mounts are white-eyed, SNORTING, rearing, just like bald man's. The two men jump to the ground, dropping thei reins, and the horses immediately turn and gallop back in the jungle. Amy lifts her camera again.
16) 44) dialog: Quiet.
16) 47) dialog: Wait. Wait and see. Amy is a bit farther into the clearing than Jeff and the others. She keeps swinging her camera from them to the Mayans, trying to capture the whole scene in one shot. Sh too close, though,-and she retreats another handful of st
16) 50) dialog: 
16) 62) dialog: Jeff lifts his hand, without looking, his eyes on the May
16) 63) dialog: Don't move. The bald man continues to frown and shake his head. He points to Amy, then the others; he waves toward the jungl But the young men are implacable--they keep arguing, gesturing--and finally the bald man gives in, falls SILEN A beat, then the bald man raises his pistol, aims it at Jeff's chest. He makes a shooing motion with his other ha but now it's toward Amy, and the hill beyond her. He begins to SHOUT; the other men do, too. Then the bald FIRES a bullet into the dirt at Jeff's feet. Everyone jum starts to retreat. The men with the bows are swinging the back and forth, herding them toward the hill. When Jeff and the others reach Amy, the bald man points toward the trail, waves them up it. He watches--his expression looking stricken, close to tears--as the five them obediently begin to climb the vine-covered hill.
17) 6) dialog: Check your phone, Eric. Eric pulls out his phone, flips it open, stares at it.
18) 0) text: The hill is flat on top, forming a wide plateau. Beyond t orange tent is a small clearing of rocky ground. A blue t sits on the far side of the clearing, looking just as weathered as the orange one, the vine growing up its pole The five of them pause, peering about. Jeff CALLS OUT:
18) 1) dialog: Hello...? SILENCE. The vine covers everything but the trail and the clearing. We glimpse more rubble beneath its greenery: ti worn stelae, a low stone wall. In some places the vine folds back upon itself, forming w high mounds, tangled knoll-like profusions of green. And everywhere, hanging off it, are those bright red flowers. Mathias moves toward the orange tent, and Jeff follows hi They UNZIP its flap, stoop to peer inside.
18) 10) dialog: Nothing. Some camping supplies. Mathias starts across the clearing toward the blue tent, followed by Jeff and the others. He UNZIPS its flap, stic his head inside. Jeff leans to look, too.
18) 20) dialog: Keep going, I guess. Saying this, he slings his pack onto his shoulder. Then h starts forward, the others falling in behind him.
19) 0) text: They pick their way down the trail. It's much steeper on this side; there are short stretches where they have to d onto their rear ends and slide, one after another. It's after one of these that Jeff suddenly stops, staring.
19) 5) dialog: We'll see. The others hesitate, and then, one after another, resume their downward march.
20) 13) dialog: He ignores her, takes a third step, then a forth, which brings him to the mound of vines. He crouches, reaches in the tendrils, parting them. He grasps a stalk, tugs, pull it free. WE SEE a tennis shoe, a sock, a man's shin.
20) 19) dialog: Easy. All right? Easy and slow. We'll stand up and we'll walk away. We'll walk back up the hill. The young man's T-shirt is stiff with dried blood. There three slender arrows impaled in his chest.
20) 21) dialog: I know.
20) 23) dialog: Shh. Not here. Up the hill, okay? Mathias is struggling to control his breathing; the MOANS keep coming. Finally, he manages a nod, and they both sta up. Stacy and Amy are holding hands, looking stricken. Stacy has started to CRY. Eric has his arm around her. The Mayans keep their weapons raised. They watch in silen as Jeff and the others turn to start back up the hill.
21) 0) text: Jeff and Mathias are at the top of the trail, staring dow toward the clearing.
22) 13) dialog: There's something in the plants. The sap--it burned his skin. Mathias rubs at his hands with his shirt, grimacing. Amy reaches to take the water back from Jeff. She starts to l the bottle to her mouth, but..Teff leans forward, grabs i JEFF (cont'd) Don't. We need to save it.
22) 15) dialog: We all are.
22) 17) dialog: We don't have that much. We need to ration it. (he glances up at the sky) We'll have to figure out a way to catch the rain. Everyone but Amy peers up at the sky: it's a perfect, cloudless blue. Amy remains focused on Jeff.
22) 24) dialog: 
22) 27) dialog: Fine. Let's vote. (he glances at the others) But first you should understand that each of us is gonna need half a gallon of water a day, at a minimum, to survive here. That's two and a half gallons total, every day. And right now, until it rains, we don't have it. Okay? Not even one day's worth. (a beat) Now who wants to give Amy more water? A long moment of silence. No one can meet Amy's eyes. Finally, VERY QUIETLY:
22) 30) dialog: Another hour or so. Then we'll all have a sip. Okay? Amy can see that she has no choice. She gives a grudging nod, and Jeff slides the bottle into his knapsack. JEFF (cont'd) We have to get organized. Now. While we're still fresh. We'll have to stay out of the sun, spend as much time as possible in the tents. We'll have to--
22) 37) dialog: They keep coming. More and more of them. They're all armed, and the bald one sends them out along the clearing. They're surrounding us. Amy, Stacy and Eric struggle to absorb this. Finally:
22) 39) dialog: It's got something to do with the hill, I think. Once you step on it, you're not allowed off. Something like that. They won't step on it themselves, but now that we're here, they won't let us leave. So we have to figure out a way to survive till someone comes and finds-us.
22) 41) dialog: People'll start to worry when we don't return home. Right? And
22) 51) dialog: If we try to leave, they'll shoot us. That's the one thing we know for certain. An electronic CHIRPING comes from the shaft: it sounds li a cell phone ringing. Mathias turns his head, listening. one else notices it.
22) 55) dialog: That's a cell phone, Amy. Definitely.
22) 57) dialog: It could be a different network. Something local.
22) 65) dialog: There's a lamp in the orange tent. See if you can find some matches, too. Amy hurries off toward the orange tent, vanishing inside. There's a final RING, and then SILENCE again. Mathias is knotting the rope tightly around his chest. Amy returns, carrying an oil lamp, a box of matches. Everyone watches as Jeff crouches to light the lamp. Then rises, turns toward Mathias, looks at him closely. JEFF (cont'd) You sure? Mathias nods, takes the lamp, steps to the edge of the ho Jeff and Eric move to the windlass; they position themsel at the hand crank, leaning into it, so the rope goes taut Mathias girds himself, steps out over the hole. He dangle there for a moment, hanging beneath the sawhorse, the windlass GROANING on its mount. Then Jeff and Eric begin reverse the crank, letting the rope slowly spool out. Stacy and Amy stand beside the shaft, peering into it, watching as Mathias begins his descent--ten feet, twenty feet, thirty feet down, and still only darkness beneath h with no sign of the shaft's bottom. The windlass CREAKS as it turns; Jeff and Eric strain aga it, sweating, muscles taut. Amy has turned from the shaft is watching: the rope as it slowly unspools from the barr
22) 72) dialog: Pull him up ! Eric hasn't grasped what's happening. He hesitates. JEFF (cont'd)
22) 89) dialog: He's moaning. They listen for a beat, but there's only silence. JEFF (cont'd) I heard him moan. The others don't seem so certain; Jeff turns to the girls JEFF (cont'd) One of you will have to go.
22) 91) dialog: Down. We'll clear the vine off the rope. And you can--
22) 93) dialog: We have to work the crank. You won't be strong enough.
22) 101) text: You sure? Stacy nods, but she doesn't look sure. She's hugging herself; it seems as if she might start trembling. Before anyone can speak, that GROANING comes from the shaft agai louder this time, unmistakable. Jeff cups his hands, SHOU
22) 102) dialog: Mathias...? More SILENCE. Jeff turns to the girls. JEFF (cont'd) See if you can find a knife. And another lamp.' He waves them toward the tents; then he and Eric begin to unspool the rope from the windlass, laying it out across clearing in long, looping circles.
23) 2) dialog: Just help him into the sling. Then we'll pull him up. The chimney is carefully replaced, as WE PULL BACK TO REV
24) 0) text: Amy is crouched, adjusting the lamp's flame. Jeff and Eri have mended the rope.
24) 6) dialog: Once we get him out, we'll drop the rope back down and pull you up, too. Amy offers Stacy the lamp. Stacy is scared, yet strugglin not to show it. Her hands are trembling, and the lamp rattles as she takes it. The boys are stepping toward the windlass; Eric stops, glances back at her.
24) 8) dialog: Ready? She nods, but doesn't relinquish her grip on the sawhorse JEFF (cont'd) You have to let go, Stacy. For a moment, it doesn't seem like she'll be able to, but then--with a visible act of will--she does, and they slow begin to let the rope out, dropping her into the shaft.
24) 20) dialog: Stacy? His voice has an ECHO to it.
24) 29) dialog: Can you see him? Stacy looks down again, holding up the lamp, peering towa Mathias's motionless body. She lifts her head.
24) 31) dialog: Is he conscious?
24) 33) dialog: How far are you above him? Stacy glances down once more, trying to quess,the distanc
24) 37) dialog: We have to figure out a way to lengthen the rope. We're gonna pull you up. He pulls his head away.
25) 0) text: Jeff steps back to the hole, peers into it. So does Amy. Eric waits by the windlass. The rope is completely played out. Stacy SHOUTS, her voice ECHOING slightly:
25) 2) dialog: You can't. We have to--
25) 4) dialog: We might not be able to make it longer. You'll be trapped.
25) 6) dialog: We'll pull you up. Then we'll see. He starts toward the windlass again.
26) 0) text: Jeff, Amy, and Eric have rushed to the shaft; they're pee into it. There's only darkness beneath them. Eric SHOUTS:
26) 3) dialog: What happened to the lamp?
26) 5) dialog: I'm dropping the matches. Okay?
27) 0) text: Jeff is at the windlass, hurriedly cranking the rope back Eric and Amy stand watching.
27) 1) dialog: We need fifteen feet. Twenty to be safe. No one speaks. The windlass turns with that steady CREAKI but it's higher-pitched now, with no weight on the rope. JEFF (cont'd) Come on. Think. How can we--
27) 3) dialog: Would they hold? Eric frowns, uncertain. Jeff finishes with the rope, stan there, catching his breath. Stacy's,voice rises toward th from the shaft:
27) 12) dialog: Put pressure on it. Use my shirt. They all stare down at her, waiting.
28) 0) text: Jeff, Eric and Amy, still watching; Jeff turns to the oth
28) 1) dialog: What about the tents? We could take one down, cut the nylon into strips. Eric and Amy glance toward the tents, debating.
28) 8) dialog: we can braid them--three strips for each section. Then knot the sections together, for strength. Before either of them can respond, Stacy's voice emerges the shaft, sounding SCARED:
28) 10) dialog: Smells?
28) 13) dialog: How can we make a backboard? Amy starts to shake her head, looking horrified.
28) 15) dialog: One of the frames from the backpacks? And the tent poles. There's tape in the orange tent. He doesn't wait for a response; he leans over the shaft,
28) 24) dialog: We can't just leave him down there. You know that, don't you? She starts to back away, toward the edge of the clearing.
28) 26) dialog: Who?
28) 28) dialog: They're not gonna---
28) 30) dialog: Amy! But she's gone. Jeff turns to Eric. JEFF (cont'd) Stay here.
29) 4) dialog: They can't understand you. She turns, her voice quickened with PANIC:
29) 6) dialog: They don't speak Spanish.
29) 13) dialog: They killed Henrich. Why would- Amy tries to tug free, but he won't let her. She starts t SHOUT at the Mayans:
29) 15) dialog: We have to get back. Amy turns toward him, her face smeared with tears.
29) 17) dialog: Listen to me. Mathias needs our help. Right now. He--
29) 24) dialog: YD-q stepped onto the hill. Amy stares at him, startled into silence. JEFF (cont'd) They wouldn't have forced us up it if you hadn't. He holds her eyes, making sure she understands. Then: JEFF (cont'd) Now let's go, okay? He starts to pull her back toward the trail. She allows herself to be led; she's begun to CRY again:
29) 26) dialog: They're not going to.
29) 34) dialog: 
30) 0) text: Amy, Jeff, and Eric have taken down the blue tent; its contents lie tumbled in a pile in the little clearing. Al three of them look sun struck, sweat-stained, worn out.
30) 7) dialog: They have guns, Eric. And bows. What do you think they'll do if we start throwing the vine at them? Eric is silenced by this. He cuts another long strip of nylon, passes it to Amy. But he can't seem to stop himsel from talking: ERIC. So you figure it's, what? Sacred or something? Like, you touch it and you have to die? Amy begins to cry suddenly--a SOB, quickly suppressed. Je and Eric both turn to look at her. The vine's sap has scarred her hands and arms almost to the elbows. She wipe her eyes, takes a deep breath, shakes her head.
30) 9) dialog: Come on. You're burning. She reaches for the hat, puts it on, then wipes at her ey again. Jeff leans forward, touches her. JEFF (cont'd) We're gonna get through this. All right? We'll pull them up. And then ...I don't know--we'll figure things out. it has to rain at some point. And maybe we can snare some birds. Or--
30) 16) dialog: Stacy...? Stacy ignores him; she limps around Mathias, starts towar the opening. She hesitates at the mouth of the shaft, lifting her lamp to see better. There's another RING.
30) 19) dialog: Can you see it? Stacy lifts her head, SHOUTS:
30) 21) dialog: Then blow it out.
30) 28) dialog: We'll need it when we come down. To get him on the backboard. Stacy drops into a crouch beside Mathias, sets the lamp d before her, stares at it. She clearly doesn't want to blo it out. Mathias watches her, silent. JEFF (O.S.) (cont'd) All right? Stacy leans forward, lifts the lamp's glass chimney, blow out the flame, dropping the shaft into darkness.
31) 0) text: The.sun is just touching the horizon, the sky turning red Th ey've tied the braids of nylon onto the rope, attached finished backboard to them. It rests beside the shaft, padded with one-of the archaeologist's sleeping bags. Jeff and Eric remove their belts, drop them onto the backboard. They step to the windlass, lean against its ha crank, the rope going taut. Amy stands by the shaft, gathering her courage. Then she reaches for the backboard
31) 14) dialog: Have you reached them?
31) 16) dialog: How many? Amy leans, peers down at Mathias's broken body.
31) 18) dialog: we're out of rope. (a beat) Can you still do it? Amy looks at Stacy; neither speaks. Finally, QUIETLY:
31) 27) dialog: Amy...? They both look up; the sky has grown too dark to see him. Amy hesitates one beat more, then YELLS:
32) 0) text: The sun has set. There's a half moon, giving us just enou light to dimly see Eric and Jeff peering into the shaft. Mathias's SCREAMS echo up toward them.
34) 0) text: The windlass CREAKS loudly as Eric and Jeff work to wind the rope. Stacy has already been pulled up from the hole. She's sitting beside Mathias, who's lying on the backboar on the edge of the clearing, by the orange tent. Amy emerges from the shaft, dangling beneath the sawhorse Jeff holds the rope taut while Eric steps to the hole, pu Amy toward him. Stacy watches from beside the backboard. Mathias's eyes are shut, his breathing ROUGH with phlegm. No one speaks. Once Amy is free of the sling, they all mo to the backboard. Eric takes Stacy's-hand; Jeff crouches, starts to undo the belts.
34) 2) dialog: We can't.
34) 9) dialog: He's gonna keep leaking urine.
34) 11) dialog: We'll rig a shelter. With what's left of the blue tent. Jeff pulls the second belt free. Mathias's eyes remain sh JEFF (cont'd) One of us should stay on watch while the others sleep. Two hour shifts. He reaches for his knapsack, unzips it. He pulls out a li bottle of water. JEFF (cont'd) .Once it's light, we'll figure out how much water we have, and how to ration it. Food, too. For now, I think we should each just take a single swig. He uncaps the bottle, hands it to Amy. He watches her dri from it. When she's done, she passes it to Stacy. JEFF (cont'd) Eric and I'll build the shelter,. then I'll take the first shift. You two should try to sleep. Stacy takes her single sip, passes the bottle to Eric.
36) 2) dialog: We have to keep him clean. He slices the jeans, from ankle to hip, first one leg, th the other, struggling not to jostle Mathias's body. JEFF (cont'd) That's how it'll happen, I think. if it does.
36) 9) dialog: If he dies here. infection. Blood poisoning--something like that. Eric seems startled by this.
36) 11) dialog: (he shrugs) His back is broken. Who knows what else. Eric is silent, motionless, the tape in his hand. Mathias BREATHING seems to be getting steadily worse. Jeff bends cut off his boxers, first one leg, then the other. He tos the soiled fabric aside. JEFF (cont'd) We should go back down in the morning.
36) 13) dialog: Into the shaft. Try to find the phone again.
36) 15) dialog: There's tequila. We could pour it on some of the clothes, tie them around one of these poles, make a torch. A sleeping bag is lying in the clearing among the strips nylon and aluminum poles. Jeff steps over to pick it up. JEFF (cont'd) Without the phone, he's dead. If we have to wait for someone to come searching... He shakes his head. Then he leans forward and carefully drapes the sleeping bag across Mathias's broken body.
37) 0) text: The orange nylon is just starting to glow with the sun's arrival. Stacy and Eric lie beneath one of the sleeping bags, Eric's head on her shoulder. Jeff lies curled on hi side, a few feet away, still shirtless. Jeff's eyes open. He sits up, stares about, then reaches one of the backpacks. He quietly digs through it till he finds a T-shirt. He sniffs at it, then pulls it on.
38) 0) text: Mathias lies on his backboard, eyes shut, his breathing s sounding THICK WITH PHLEGM. Amy sits beside him, hunched into herself, half drowsing. She lifts her head as Jeff emerges from the tent, stares at him.
38) 1) dialog: How is he?
38) 3) dialog: And you?
38) 5) dialog: Once the others are up, we'll have some water. His face is stubbled, sweat-stained. He looks ragged; the both do. He steps to the opposite side of the clearing, unzips, begins to urinate, with his back to Amy.
38) 14) dialog: Bodies. All of them. He waves across the hilltop, at the other mounds: there a more than a dozen. Amy takes them in. The light is gainin strength, the green leaves seeming to shine in it, the re flowers to glow. Jeff's face assumes a puzzled expression JEFF (cont'd) Where are the birds?
38) 16) dialog: it's dawn--there should be birds. They both stare off across the hillside: so quiet, so sti
40) 0) text: Stacy's SCREAMING continues. Jeff and Amy are on their fe hurrying across the clearing. Mathias has opened his eyes
40) 2) dialog: Stay with him. Then he ducks in through the tent's flap.
41) 0) text: Eric is beside Stacy, trying to calm her; she's started t CRY. Her hands and wrists have turned a dark red, and the tendril is inside her leg, just to the left of her shin, running parallel to it. Jeff steps. toward them.
41) 1) dialog: What is it?
41) 4) dialog: The blade's dirty. We should-- Stacy starts shaking her head, FRANTIC:
41) 6) dialog: It's gonna hurt.
41) 8) dialog: Get me a shirt or something. He gestures toward the backpacks, and Eric unzips one of them, starts to dig through it.
43) 0) text: Jeff is leaning forward, pressing the balled-up T-shirt against Stacy's wound, the blood darkening the fabric. St is lying there, her eyes shut, fists clenched.
43) 7) dialog: I got it out.
43) 9) dialog: That's just your body. Your muscle twitching.
44) 0) text: Amy is crouched over Mathias, frantically yanking the vin off him. Mathias is struggling impotently to sit up. He continues to SCREAM, staring down at his legs. Jeff emerges-from the tent, hurries to help Amy, both of tearing at the vine, a flash of white appearing beneath t green, shiny and bright: bones. Mathias's legs have been stripped completely clean of flesh from the knee down. As they keep pulling the tendrils free, blood starts to d from Mathias's knees, slowly at first, but then suddenly spurting, spraying them: their chests, their faces. Amy jerks backward, GAGGING, RETCHING.
46) 0) text: The four of them are sitting by the orange tent. Jeff and Amy are still spattered and smeared with Mathias's blood; Stacy is still in her underwear.
46) 6) dialog: They must've dug it up.
46) 8) dialog: The miners. He puts the liquids in a third pile: three bottles of wat two of iced tea, a can of Coke. That's all there is. JEFF (cont'd) And then the Mayans cleared the jungle around the hill, I guess. To keep it quarantined. That's why they won't let us leave, don't you think? They're afraid we'll spread it? The others are silent. Jeff reaches for the tuna fish sandwich. He carefully unwraps it. JEFF (cont'd) Or else...I don't know. Maybe it's something religious? And we're some sort of sacrifice? He glances at the others, but once again no one responds. They all look dazed: knocked back into themselves. Jeff picks up the knife, wipes it on his jeans. JEFF (cont'd) They must've done the same thing with the archaeologists. And Henrich. Trapped them here. Like us. He cuts the sandwich into four equal sections. JEFF (cont'd) And then somehow it killed them off. All of them. one by one. This is too much for Eric; he.leaps up, looking panicky.
46) 16) dialog: We'll eat first. Drink some water. We have to stay calm. Not rush at things. He holds out one of the tiny squares of sandwich. Eric hesitates, then accepts it, dropping back into a crouch. Jeff hands Amy her square.
46) 18) dialog: He wouldn't be able to stomach it. Jeff offers Stacy her ration. She takes it, but almost absentmindedly. She seems distracted; she keeps prodding her wound with her fingertip. JEFF (cont'd) Stop it, Stacy.
46) 20) dialog: I told you. I got it out. Jeff pops his square of sandwich into his mouth; Eric and eat theirs, too. Stacy's ration remains in her hand; she seems to have forgotten it. She's sunburned, sweat-staine glassy-eyed. Eric leans toward her, looking worried.
46) 29) dialog: (he nods) It's what happens when you get hurt. Jeff picks up one of the water bottles, twists off its-ca He offers the bottle to Stacy. JEFF (cont'd) one swallow apiece. The bottle makes its way around their little circle. When returns to Jeff, he takes his sip, caps the bottle. Eric watching Stacy, her anxious probing; he looks increasingl distressed by it. He jumps up again.
46) 31) dialog: We need to take care of Mathias, first. He won't last much longer like that. Amy looks appalled; she makes a shushing motion.
46) 33) dialog: We have to cut them off.
46) 40) dialog: His legs. He's finished with Stacy's khakis; they've been transform into a pair of shorts. He tosses them toward her. Eric an Amy are staring at him, shocked into silence. Then:
46) 42) dialog: He'll die if we don't.
46) 44) dialog: There won't be any pain. He has no feeling beneath his waist.
46) 46) dialog: The tourniquets are already in place. We'll cut below them.
46) 48) dialog: We could break the bones. Then cut. Amy is shaking her head; she looks mortified.
46) 51) dialog: We'll sterilize it. Build a fire. Heat the blade in the flames. It'll cauterize as it cuts.
46) 59) dialog: Or save him. One or the other. We can't just--
46) 76) dialog: It'11 take too long.
46) 78) dialog: And Mathias will already be dying. You understand? There's no flesh covering his bones. They're-- Mathias's voice interrupts him, from the backboard. Very HOARSE, barely audible:
46) 86) dialog: I'll have to break the bones first. An amber liquid is being poured onto the clothes, very slowly. WE PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
47) 0) text: Eric is crouched, dribbling the tequila onto the clothes, pausing to let it soak in, saturating the fabric. Jeff is kneeling by the backboard, talking to Mathias.
47) 1) dialog: With the stone. Then I'll use the knife to cut. A large stone sits beside the pile of clothes, shaped lik ax head. There's the knife, too, and the metal canteen fr the orange tent. JEFF (cont'd) We'll heat the canteen, and cauterize the wounds with it. To stop the bleeding. Eric strikes a match: the clothes catch instantly, burnin with a low blue flame. He sets the knife in the fire, the the stone, and splashes more tequila on them. The girls stand in the center of the clearing, watching. JEFF (cont'd) You shouldn't be able to feel a thing. But you can bite this if you want. Just in case. He holds up one of the belts. Mathias hesitates, then ope his mouth, and Jeff sets it carefully inside. Mathias cla down, gripping it between his teeth. Jeff glances at Eric JEFF (cont'd) Ready? Eric nods.- The stone is making a cracking sound in the f glowing a.deep red. Jeff turns back to Mathias. JEFF (cont'd) You? Mathias also nods, shutting his eyes. There's a small tow in the dirt beside Jeff, and he. picks it up, wrapping it around his hand. He looks over his shoulder at the girls. They both seem terrified, shaky with it.
47) 9) dialog: 
47) 10) dialog: Reep him still. He turns, SMASHES the stone into Mathias's right leg. Mathias begins to SCREAM, bucking against Eric's grip.
49) 0) text: Jeff saws and chops at the shattered bones with the knife Mathias continues'to SCREAM. Eric is using all his weight hold him still, his head averted, his eyes clenched shut. Jeff lifts the severed bones.away from the backboard, dro them at his side. Then he scoops up the canteen again. As he presses it to Mathias's stump, Mathias finally passes his body going slack, his screams falling SILENT. For a long beat, there's just the SPITTING, SNAPPING soun Mathias's flesh being seared. Then Eric pulls back into a crouch, shaking his head, looking utterly depleted.
49) 3) dialog: He couldn't have.
49) 12) dialog: We've bought him some time. He wouldn't have--
49) 14) dialog: Leave it. Eric ignores him, cutting and stomping and tearing at the tendrils, faster and faster, but still too slow, the vine fighting back, wrapping itself around his legs. JEFF (cont'd) Eric. He steps toward him, grabs his arm, pulls him away. They stand side by side, watching as the vine pulls the severe limbs into itself, the white of the bones vanishing into larger mass of green. Stacy has begun to CRY again. There's a beat of stillness, and then, once more, echoing toward them from the shaft, comes that faint electronic RINGING of the cell phone.
49) 16) dialog: I don't know how long it'11 burn--
50) 0) text: Eric is pulling the rope off the windlass, laying it out long zigzag across the clearing. Jeff is crouched by the shaft, making a torch. The girls stand over him, watching
50) 1) dialog: So you'll have to be quick. He has one of the aluminum poles from the blue tent. He's wrapped duct tape around its bottom for a grip, tied some the archaeologists' clothes around the top. He's dribblin tequila on the knot of fabric, saturating it. JEFF (cont'd) Wait to light it till you're both down there. Then--
50) 3) dialog: Who what?
50) 5) dialog: You and Amy. They all look bad, but Stacy looks the worst: her wounded leg,, -her greasy hair, a panicky edge to every gesture. shakes her head, with vehemence.
50) 7) dialog: We've already been through this. Eric and I need to work the winch. You're not strong enough. Eric has reached the end of the rope; he stands up, wipin his hands on his pants.
50) 15) dialog: The torch won't last that long. We need you both there, searching. Stacy starts shaking her head again, TERRIFIED:
50) 17) dialog: You don't have a choice, Stacy. Amy can see where this is headed; she tries to divert it.
50) 19) dialog: if we don't find the phone, Mathias will die. Understand? Stacy is silent, hugging herself, staring at the ground. Eric has finished winding the rope onto the windlass. He tries to intervene:
50) 21) dialog: Jeff ignores him, his gaze on Stacy.
50) 22) dialog: So that's what you're saying. Just to be clear. That you're not willing to help him live.
50) 29) dialog: I don't give a fuck. I'm scared, too. We all are.
50) 31) dialog: And we got it out. Now she needs to stop being such a fucking baby, stop being so selfish, and-- Eric is stepping toward him suddenly, right up against hi forcing him back a step.
50) 33) dialog: Hard?
50) 35) dialog: I'm the only one thinking. I'm carrying the whole fucking load.
50) 37) dialog: This isn't just going to work out on its own, Eric. You know? Magically?
50) 44) dialog: We could end up dead here. All of us. Is that what you want?
50) 46) dialog: Then get the fuck out of my way, and start helping me. He holds Eric's eyes long enough to confirm that Eric isn going to protest, then he glances past him at Stacy. JEFF (cont'd) You going or not? Stacy-is still staring at the ground, her hand probing at chest. It's clear she doesn't want to go, but Jeff has shamed her into silence. Amy reaches, touches her arm.
50) 48) dialog: Get in the sling, Amy. Amy turns, reaching for the sling.
52) 0) text: Eric is helping Stacy into the sling, pulling it over her head; Stacy's hands are shaking badly. Eric hugs her, try to calm her. Jeff waits beside the hand crank.
52) 32) dialog: Amoy...? Amy pulls the sling over her own head. YELLS:
52) 34) dialog: Did you find it?
54) 0) text: The weather has shifted; a wind has risen. The sun is setting, a red smudge behind a dark gray wall of clouds. Mathias lies.on his backboard, unconscious, his breathing coming in that ragged RASP, a thread of brown liquid leak from the corner of his mouth. Amy is crouched beside him; she leans forward, wipes away the liquid. Stacy sits in the clearing behind her, leaning against Er They're both slick with sweat, but Stacy keeps shivering, if cold. Eric's arms are around her, and her eyes are shu Jeff is peeling the orange. Like Amy, he's still spattere and stained with Mathias's blood. The vine has continued grow on everyone's clothes, weblike, eating away at the fabric. Jeff reaches, tugs free a strand of it, and a six inch tear appears in his T-shirt. Stacy opens her eyes; she leans forward, peers down at th wounds on her leg, her right hand moving to her chest, probing at her rib cage. She turns to Eric:
54) 15) dialog: But she couldn't swim.
54) 27) dialog: SHITÂ¢ He springs to his feet. And then: a downpour, a deluge, a if a trap door has swung open in the clouds. The rain fal in a loud, drumming rush, turning the clearing to mud. Eric jumps up, too. He and Jeff start digging through the backpacks from the. blue tent, searching for something-- anything--in which to catch the water. They find a small plastic bag, a nylon toiletry kit, a Frisbee. Jeff sets these in a row on the ground, open to the rain. Eric rushes to the orange tent, vanishes inside. Amy tilt back her head, tries to catch the rain in her open mouth. Stacy just sits there, hugging herself, shivering, still crying. They're all drenched, back-spattered with mud. And then, as abruptly as it had begun, the rain starts to slacken. Eric reemerges from the orange tent, carrying a thermos, a plastic cup. He sets them next to the other containers, but it's pointless; the rain is already stopp They all stare at these meager receptacles: they've manag to catch less than half an inch of muddy-looking water. J GROANS; he's FURIOUS with himself:
54) 36) dialog: It doesn't fucking matter.
54) 38) dialog: How much, Amy? Two and a half gallons? 'Cause that's what we need. For today--just to make it through today. And then tomorrow the same all over again. And for how long? Another week before our parents start searching? And then what? How long till they track us to Coba? Or to this fucking hill? How long will it take, Amy?
54) 40) dialog: It's not gonna happen. We're not gonna make it. The others stare at him in astonishment, too 'stunned to speak. He gives them all a look of disgust: JEFF (cont'd) And you're fucking playing games. (mimicking Amy's voice) So there were these people trapped in the jungle.
54) 42) dialog: But they didn't have any water.
54) 49) dialog: So they're gonna die of thirst. Amy covers her ears with her hands.
54) 51) dialog: But this fucking vine might kill them first.
54) 54) dialog: I'm sorry ...I'm sorry. He steps back toward the dismembered orange, crouches ove it. The fruit and peels are muddy now, spoiled looking. H waves for the others to approach. JEFF (cont'd) Come on. We need to eat. No one moves. They're all staring at him with their shock expressions. He can't seem to meet their eyes. He gesture at the orange again. JEFF (cont'd) The peel, too. Everything. Abeat, then the others step forward to claim their portio first Eric, then Stacy, then Amy. They eat without speaki Finally, almost AS IF TALKING TO HIMSELF: JEFF (cont'd) It'll rain again. It has to. And we'll figure out a way to catch it. (he nods to himself) We'll be fine. We'll ration the -food. And then, you know, we'll just...we'll tough it out.. (MORE)
54) 61) dialog: I don't think it can hurt us. Not directly. if it could, it already would've, wouldn't it? Why would it wait? The others are silent, considering this. Then: JEFF (cont'd) It's not strong enough to overpower us. And it-- Mathias GASPS suddenly, his entire body spasming for a moment, before the watery RASP of his breathing resumes. doesn't regain consciousness; his eyes remain shut. Every watches him for a beat: he, also, is spattered with mud.
54) 64) dialog: Don't, Stacy. Don't start. She jumps up, begins to pace, agitated.
54) 71) dialog: Put it down.
54) 73) dialog: Give it to me. Right now. Amy and Eric stand, too.
54) 83) dialog: a il hï¿½ f down i He shoves her down, onto her back, then picks up the towe he'd used to hold the heated stone. He balls it up, press it to Stacy's wound. Eric retrieves the bottle of tequila from the mud, uncaps it. He crouches beside Stacy.
54) 86) dialog: what're you doing? He's lifting the bottle toward Stacy's mouth, but he hesitates now, turning toward Jeff.
54) 88) dialog: It'll dehydrate-her.
54) 90) dialog: I said Q.
54) 92) dialog: You realize how stupid you're being? Sticking that dirty knife
54) 95) dialog: of ina's.inside you. You're imagining it, and you just--
54) 102) dialog: Get infected. Understand? You're gonna get yourself killed.
54) 104) dialog: 
54) 117) dialog: (shaking his head) No--it's the vine. It's mimicking her. Stacy has started to CRY; she covers her ears with her ha
56) 0) text: Jeff, Stacy and Amy lie side-by-side in the darkness. The liquid RATTLE of Mathias's breathing comes from the clear sounding as if someone were sawing at a tin can. Jeff and Stacy are asleep; Amy is stirring restlessly, shifting first onto one side, then the other. Finally, sh rises, moves toward the flap, slips quietly through it.
58) 0) text: Stacy and Jeff, eyes shut, sleeping. Very SOFTLY, there comes a faint PANTING, rhythmic, furtive sounding. Stacy' eyes open; she lies there, listening. There's a MOAN, and the PANTING QUICKENS. Stacy rises to sitting position. She listens for another beat, then lean prods at Jeff. He awakes with a jerk, blinking up at her.
58) 1) dialog: Wh--? Stacy holds her finger to her lips, silencing him.. From outside, there's another MOAN. Jeff sits up, listening. T PANTING is BUILDING toward a climax. Jeff leans toward th pile of supplies at the tent's rear, squinting at the tan of vine growing across it. He points, WHISPERING: JEFF (cont'd) It's the-- But Stacy is already pushing herself to her feet. She mov quickly to the tent's flap, UNZIPS it, crouches out into:
59) 12) dialog: The vine. it made it sound as if you two-- Stacy turns toward him, SNORTING, shaking her head.
59) 14) dialog: I could hear it. At the back of the tent. It was--
59) 16) dialog: Then it's heard someone having sex at some point. Slowly, quietly, a tendril has begun to slither forward through the darkness, creeping in beneath the lean-to, snaking toward Mathias, toward his head. Jeff and the oth are all too focused on one another to notice.
59) 19) dialog: it's doing this on purpose.' Can't you see? It thinks you're the weakest--because you're hurt. So it's trying to upset you. Trying
59) 29) dialog: We heard the vine. It--
59) 37) dialog: Enough, Stacy. Stoll.
61) 0) text: Jeff stands there, staring down toward the jungle. Eric a Stacy are sitting together in the clearing behind him, holding hands; Stacy is still CRYING softly. Amy approach across the hilltop, stops beside Jeff.
61) 1) dialog: They must've salted the soil. That's the only way I can think. He turns, glances at Amy. She has no idea what he's talki about. He waves down toward the Mayans.
61) 8) dialog: I know.
61) 10) dialog: Shh. Amy falls silent, watching him. He lowers his finger. JEFF (cont'd) Have you made it up with her? Amy half-nods, half-shrugs. JEFF (cont'd) Good.
61) 17) dialog: I wish it mattered. Amy gives him a confused look. Jeff throws out his hand,. gesturing at the hilltop, the vine, their tattered clothe JEFF (cont'd) Look at us. (a beat) Would it matter to you? Amy hesitates, considering. Then she shakes her head. And with that, Jeff turns, starts back toward the orange tent WE HEAR a zipping sound, which carries over into:
62) 0) text: Jeff is crouched beside the backboard, UNZIPPING the slee bag. Eric tosses the flimsy lean-to aside, exposing Mathias's corpse-to the sun. Amy and Stacy stand watching
62) 1) dialog: Head first? Eric considers this, staring down at Mathias's body. Mathias's face is burned red from the vine's sap; his leg are two blackened stumps. Eric shrugs.
62) 3) dialog: You'll have to lift him. Eric hesitates; he seems reluctant to touch the corpse. Finally, he girds himself, straddles the backboard, grabs Mathias under his armpits, lifting him. Jeff leans forwar starts to pull the sleeping bag over Mathias's head. The corpse seems intent upon resisting them; its arms kee getting tangled, catching and snagging. Jeff and Eric hav to wrestle with it, both of them PANTING, sweating, befor they manage to shove it into the bag. Jeff ZIPS the bag shut, and they stand over it, catching their breath, wiping the perspiration from their faces.
62) 11) dialog: 
63) 0) text: Amy holds up the bottle of tequila. Jeff is crouching ove the fire, heating the knife's blade. Be glances toward he nods. Stacy is sitting down, staring at the bulge in her with a dazed expression. Eric is beside her. Amy offers the bottle to Stacy;-they all watch as she tak long swallow. Then she hands the bottle back to Amy, and Jeff pulls the knife from the fire, carries it toward her He gestures to Eric and Amy.
63) 1) dialog: Hold her hands.
63) 8) dialog: Should I stop? Stacy shakes her head, vehemently. Jeff glances at the others. Eric shakes his head, too. Amy's eyes, like Stacy's, are tightly shut. JEFF (cont'd) You'll have to roll over. Stacy lets go of the others' hands, rolls onto her stomac She hitches up her shirt, revealing the small of her back the starfish-shaped bulge. Jeff crouches at her side. JEFF (cont'd) Ready? She nods, and he leans, makes five quick incisions, in th shape of an asterisk, directly above the bulge. Stacy's b goes rigid, and Eric takes her hand again. Once more, we see the tendril through the incision: dark with her blood Jeff reaches in and slowly pulls the vine from her body. There's an astonishing amount of it; he has to drop the k and use both hands to drag the slimy mass free.
65) 0) text: They've pulled a shirt from one of the backpacks, torn it into strips, and used these to bandage Stacy's wounds, ty them around her leg and torso. She's lying on her side, e shut, her head in Eric's lap. He's stroking her hair. Jeff is counting the grapes into four separate piles. Amy sits watching him. When he finishes, he gestures for her take a pile. Then he scoops Stacy and Eric's rations up, carries them over.
65) 1) dialog: Can you eat? Stacy sits up, wincing; her bandages are soaked through w blood. She takes the grapes from him; Eric does, too. The all begin to eat, in silence. When they're done, Jeff pas the water bottle around their circle. Then: JEFF (cont'd) We should try to rest, I guess. (he waves toward the tent) Get out of the sun. We're losing moisture out--
65) 10) dialog: You're losing too much blood. And if any of these get infected---
65) 12) dialog: No more cutting. Not unless--- The knife is in the dirt beside him, and Stacy leans forw tries to grab it. Jeff is too quick for her, though: he snatches it up, tucks it into his belt. Stacy is becoming more and more upset. She holds out her hands, BEGGING:
65) 27) text: I know...I know. (she stands up, holds out her hand) Let's just lie down for a bit. Okay? Stacy hesitates, staring up at Amy. Then she reaches, gra her hand. Amy pulls her to her feet, helps her hobble acr the clearing to the tent. Jeff and Eric sit-there, watchi in silence as they vanish through the flap.
67) 0) text: Stacy stands just beyond the tent's.flap. All is still, quiet.- She moves to Eric's pack, crouches over it, pulls his phone. She flips it open, stares down at its screen: there's still no signal. She drops it back into the pack. She turns-to examine the clearing, her eyes falling upon two backpacks from the blue tent. Their pockets are zippe open: Jeff and Eric's hurried pillaging during the downpo has scattered their contents across the dirt. Stacy rises, steps toward this tangled mound. She starts dig through it, casually at first, but then with growing intensity, throwing T-shirts and jeans and shorts aside, probing deeply into the pile. Suddenly she goes still. Staring. Amid the sodden mass of clothing sits a knife in a small scabbard. As Stacy crouches there, the vines start to RUSTLE, a rippling motion passing across them, as. if a wind were sweeping the hillside. Stacy watches with a look of horro it looks like the pelt of some giant animal, shaking itse When it finally stops, she bends, reaching for the knife.
68) 0) text: Jeff, Eric, and Amy, still sleeping. The tent's flap continues to billow in the breeze. Very faintly, from the clearing, WE HEAR a moan. Then the sound of WHIMPERING. Eric opens his eyes, listening. An instant later, very abruptly, there comes a sharp, rending SCREAM of pure pai Eric jumps up, starts for the flap; Jeff is right behind
69) 0) text: Eric emerges from the tent, then Jeff, then Amy. They sta there, staring, too horrified to move.
69) 4) dialog: Give it. Now. Eric follows him. Amy stays by the tent; she's begun to C
69) 16) dialog: Easy. Try to-- Stacy clutches at Amy, begging, her voice HOARSE with pai
69) 28) dialog: It's okay. I'm right here. I'm-- He UNZIPS the bag, and an immense tangle of vine cascades onto the dirt. Its flowers are a pale pink; they're openi and closing, still calling, louder now:
71) 6) dialog: Come on. You'll need the energy. He reaches for her hand, puts the banana in it. She holds the fruit, but makes no move to eat. Finally, VERY QUIETL
71) 8) dialog: You'll only get weaker.
71) 11) dialog: Nobody's coming.
71) 13) dialog: All they'll find are our bones. Amy is silent, staring down at the banana. JEFF (cont'd) We don't have time for this, Amy. You'll need as much daylight as possible. He waves upward, toward the sun, which has passed its pea begun its slow slide westward. Amy squints toward it for beat, and then, almost despite herself, lifts the banana her mouth. She bites, chews, swallows, still mutely cryin Jeff peels the second banana; he hands it to her as soon she finishes the first. Be watches her eat,.silent. He's tearing open the bag of pretzels when another tendril sna into the clearing.
71) 20) dialog: We might. He hands her the pretzels; she takes them, watching his f
71) 22) dialog: It'll take them a moment to react. If I can make it to the trees... He trails off, shrugs. Amy keeps staring at him; she does believe this either. He SIGHS again, holds up his hand, pulls the bandage from his wound: it's three inches long, deep gash into his palm. JEFF (cont'd) How long till it's inside me? Amy is silent. He flexes his hand, and the wound opens, mouthlike, blood oozing thickly from it. JEFF (cont'd) It already is, probably. I'll be just like Stacy soon. He turns, glances toward the spot where her body has disappeared. Amy looks, too.
72) 3) dialog: You don't even know her name. The Mayans just stare at him. He rises to his feet, pulli the knife from his belt: it's darkly stained with. blood. JEFF (cont'd) You should. You should know who you're killing.