1) 0) text: A young man is approaching down the boardwalk from the be carrying fins, a mask, a snorkel. He's in his early twenties: blond, crew-cut, very tall. His name is MATHIAS As he nears the pool, he stops, staring.
2) 0) text: The two couples have spread out around the pool's edge, searching for the earring. Mathias surfaces in front of A He holds out his hand, with the earring-in it; she stares startled, then crouches to take it.
3) 0) text: Mathias and the two couples sit together, with their beer Amy's skin has turned deep red; Stacy is behind her, appl lotion to her shoulders. Eric is talking to Mathias:
3) 15) dialog: I wasn't on my own. I was with my brother. Jeff glances around the pool.
3) 17) dialog: He met a girl. They went away.
3) 19) dialog: It's a complicated story. They watch him, waiting for more, but nothing comes. Fina
4) 0) text: There's a DJ, a dozen beer kegs. A few young men and wome are dancing beside a bonfire, but most of the crowd is scattered in small groups across the sand, TALKING, drink the firelight flickering off their faces. Stacy, Amy, Eric, Jeff and Mathias are sitting together; all have cups of beer. Stacy is between Eric's legs, lean against his chest. Amy, Jeff and Mathias sit cross-legged Everyone but Jeff and Mathias is a little drunk, and you hear it in their voices. Amy drains her cup, stands up, v unsteadily. She holds out her hand to Jeff.
4) 36) dialog: Drifts?
6) 0) text: A breakfast buffet: trays of pancakes, eggs, fresh fruit. There are a dozen tables beneath brightly colored umbrell Mathias is the only diner at this hour; he's dressed in j and a T-shirt. He studies a piece of paper as he eats.
6) 2) dialog: I have to catch a bus.
6) 4) dialog: The girl my brother met was on her way to this place, to work. (he waves at the map) It's a dig--an archaeological dig. And he went with her. He left the map, saying I could come, too, if I got bored on my own. A beat; he watches Jeff examine the map. Then: MATHIAS (cont'd) Our flight leaves the day after tomorrow. I can wait and hope he returns in time.. Or I can go get him. It's a question of trusting him to do the right thing.
6) 11) dialog: Henrich doesn't think things through. He runs at them. He's... (he searches, shakes his
6) 14) dialog: (he nods) So I have to be--
6) 16) dialog: All our lives, the same story. Jeff.slides the map back toward him.
6) 18) dialog: (he shakes his head) An old mining camp.
6) 20) dialog: (he smiles, shrugs) Follow the m ap. Jeff frowns down at the map for a long beat. It seems as he's going to question the feasibility of this, but. then disengages instead, wiping at the sweat on his face.
10) 0) text: Only half the seats are occupied: tourists with their pac and cameras-and hats. Little TVs hang from the ceiling. We MOVE slowly down the aisle, passing Jeff and Amy first Amy is sound asleep, a camera hanging from her neck, a Pa hat in her lap. Jeff is beside her, bent low over a tour book, comparing its much more detailed map with the one Mathias's brother left behind. Next come Eric and Stacy, hunched together in their seats watching a Mexican soap opera on the little TV above them Stacy mimics the actors' exaggerated gestures, GIGGLING. Eric has the Cliff Notes for Hamlet in his lap, unopened. Finally, there's Mathias. The seat beside him is empty. He's staring out the window, his expression perfectly bla
11) 0) text: The town is very small: a dirt road lined with one- and t story buildings, some with thatched roofs. There's a grav turnaround, with a bus idling in it. Its door CREAKS open A dozen tourists emerge from the bus, blinking in the sunlight. Jeff, Amy, Stacy, Eric, and Mathias are among them. The boys have the knapsacks; the girls are wearing matching hats. Amy rubs at her face, stretching, waking u There's a souvenir stand at the town's entrance, with brightly colored blankets hanging from its walls. The tourists start toward it, leaving Jeff and the others bes the idling bus. They peer about, getting their bearings.
11) 2) dialog: We take a cab. To here. WE SEE the map: there's a line drawn from Cancun to Coba, where another, shorter line moves westward. Mathias's fin moves along this shorter line, toward the X on the map.
11) 4) dialog: Eighteen kilometers.
11) 7) dialog: Then there'll be a path. Which we hike--four kilometers. The others look to Jeff again. He slings his pack.
13) 22) dialog: I guess ...I mean, I-- He shrugs; he has no idea. Amy is still focused on Jeff:
14) 17) dialog: We cross a stream. Then So she asked him to marry there'll be a path, branching her. off to our left. If we see a village, we've gone too far. AMY (cont'd) ERIC A village? But he was already married.
14) 18) dialog: A Mayan village. So she begged him to get a divorce. AMY (cont'd) ERIC Will they have air But he was in love with his conditioning? wife.
14) 24) dialog: It just says there's a So she decided to kill her. village. AMY (cont'd) I think we should go see it.
14) 32) dialog: Right after, it says.
14) 62) dialog: Not far.
16) 11) dialog: Is that a tent? He points.
16) 33) dialog: 
17) 8) dialog: Henrich...I They all peer up the hill, waiting for a response.
17) 21) dialog: Henrich...1 There's no answer. They wait another beat, then Jeff wave them back into motion.
20) 20) dialog: It's my brother.
20) 22) dialog: They killed him. Jeff nods, his hand still on Mathias's.shoulder; he squee
21) 0) text: Jeff and Mathias are at the top of the trail, staring dow toward the clearing.
22) 75) dialog: What is it? The rope beneath the sawhorse is being visibly eaten away its hemp unraveling.
27) 14) dialog: My...legs... His voice is faint and RASPY; we can hear his pain in it. Stacy leans toward him, tries to smile reassuringly.
27) 16) dialog: Can't... move ...my...legs... Stacy turns to look: his legs are lying at an odd angle, if he were a doll that had been carelessly tossed there.
32) 0) text: The sun has set. There's a half moon, giving us just enou light to dimly see Eric and Jeff peering into the shaft. Mathias's SCREAMS echo up toward them.
34) 0) text: The windlass CREAKS loudly as Eric and Jeff work to wind the rope. Stacy has already been pulled up from the hole. She's sitting beside Mathias, who's lying on the backboar on the edge of the clearing, by the orange tent. Amy emerges from the shaft, dangling beneath the sawhorse Jeff holds the rope taut while Eric steps to the hole, pu Amy toward him. Stacy watches from beside the backboard. Mathias's eyes are shut, his breathing ROUGH with phlegm. No one speaks. Once Amy is free of the sling, they all mo to the backboard. Eric takes Stacy's-hand; Jeff crouches, starts to undo the belts.
36) 0) text: Eric is building a tiny lean-to for Mathias, using the du tape, the leftover nylon and poles from the blue tent. Je crouches over the backboard. He starts to cut Mathias's jeans off him with the knife. Mathias's eyes remain shut.
38) 0) text: Mathias lies on his backboard, eyes shut, his breathing s sounding THICK WITH PHLEGM. Amy sits beside him, hunched into herself, half drowsing. She lifts her head as Jeff emerges from the tent, stares at him.
40) 0) text: Stacy's SCREAMING continues. Jeff and Amy are on their fe hurrying across the clearing. Mathias has opened his eyes
42) 0) text: Amy is crouched by the backboard, watching the tent, tryi to grasp what's happening. Mathias startles her by speaki
42) 1) dialog: Something's... wrong... His voice is thick-sounding, very faint. Amy tries to soo him; she puts her hand on his shoulder.
42) 3) dialog: my-legs...
42) 5) dialog: Show ...me... He's struggling to rise, straining upward. Amy tries to s him, pressing down on his shoulder.
44) 0) text: Amy is crouched over Mathias, frantically yanking the vin off him. Mathias is struggling impotently to sit up. He continues to SCREAM, staring down at his legs. Jeff emerges-from the tent, hurries to help Amy, both of tearing at the vine, a flash of white appearing beneath t green, shiny and bright: bones. Mathias's legs have been stripped completely clean of flesh from the knee down. As they keep pulling the tendrils free, blood starts to d from Mathias's knees, slowly at first, but then suddenly spurting, spraying them: their chests, their faces. Amy jerks backward, GAGGING, RETCHING.
46) 0) text: The four of them are sitting by the orange tent. Jeff and Amy are still spattered and smeared with Mathias's blood; Stacy is still in her underwear.
46) 79) dialog: Do...it... They all turn, stare toward him. His eyes are open. MATHIAS (cont'd) Please... (a beat) Cut... them... off... He slowly, painfully, extends his left hand toward them, beseeching gesture.
47) 0) text: Eric is crouched, dribbling the tequila onto the clothes, pausing to let it soak in, saturating the fabric. Jeff is kneeling by the backboard, talking to Mathias.
47) 7) dialog: Stop...stop... Jeff ignores him, dropping the canteen back into the fire lifting out the stone. Eric looks increasingly mortified; seems close to tears.
48) 0) text: Mathias's SCREAMS fill the tent. Amy and Stacy are sittin together, clutching each other; Stacy is CRYING. Amy is staring toward the flap with a look of horror.
49) 0) text: Jeff saws and chops at the shattered bones with the knife Mathias continues'to SCREAM. Eric is using all his weight hold him still, his head averted, his eyes clenched shut. Jeff lifts the severed bones.away from the backboard, dro them at his side. Then he scoops up the canteen again. As he presses it to Mathias's stump, Mathias finally passes his body going slack, his screams falling SILENT. For a long beat, there's just the SPITTING, SNAPPING soun Mathias's flesh being seared. Then Eric pulls back into a crouch, shaking his head, looking utterly depleted.
54) 0) text: The weather has shifted; a wind has risen. The sun is setting, a red smudge behind a dark gray wall of clouds. Mathias lies.on his backboard, unconscious, his breathing coming in that ragged RASP, a thread of brown liquid leak from the corner of his mouth. Amy is crouched beside him; she leans forward, wipes away the liquid. Stacy sits in the clearing behind her, leaning against Er They're both slick with sweat, but Stacy keeps shivering, if cold. Eric's arms are around her, and her eyes are shu Jeff is peeling the orange. Like Amy, he's still spattere and stained with Mathias's blood. The vine has continued grow on everyone's clothes, weblike, eating away at the fabric. Jeff reaches, tugs free a strand of it, and a six inch tear appears in his T-shirt. Stacy opens her eyes; she leans forward, peers down at th wounds on her leg, her right hand moving to her chest, probing at her rib cage. She turns to Eric:
56) 0) text: Jeff, Stacy and Amy lie side-by-side in the darkness. The liquid RATTLE of Mathias's breathing comes from the clear sounding as if someone were sawing at a tin can. Jeff and Stacy are asleep; Amy is stirring restlessly, shifting first onto one side, then the other. Finally, sh rises, moves toward the flap, slips quietly through it.
57) 17) text: ERIC (cont'd) Like the words have gone up into the sky and God's sort of thinking about them now, making his choice, and if Mathias dies and we don't, it'll be.like I killed him, won't it? Like I-- Amy starts to CRY; she covers her mouth with her hand. Er stares at her in surprise. ERIC (cont'd) What? What is it? Amy shakes her head. She struggles to stop, but she can't
59) 0) text: Mathias's breathing continues its RAGGED course. Amy is still leaning into Eric, her head on his shoulder. He has his arm around her. He looks up, blinking, as Stacy emerg from the tent into the moonlight.
59) 43) dialog: He turns, stares: sees. He darts forward, starts to yank away the tendrils. They resist him, writhing, clinging to Mathias's face. Eric and Amy both jump up. Stacy has started to CRY, shaking her head, MORTIFIED:
62) 0) text: Jeff is crouched beside the backboard, UNZIPPING the slee bag. Eric tosses the flimsy lean-to aside, exposing Mathias's corpse-to the sun. Amy and Stacy stand watching