0) 0) text: The hotel is six stories high, a wall of glass and stucco Beach chairs are arrayed around the pool's edge; sunbathe lie sprawled across them. A short boardwalk leads toward Gulf of Mexico: the white sand, the blue water. Four young Americans are encamped near the pool's edge; they're all in their early twenties. AMY lies face down o chaise, eyes shut, a cooler beside her. She's petite, wit short blond hair, her skin pinkly sunburned. ERIC sits in the chair beside her, studying the Cliff Not for The Canterbury Tales. He's leanly muscular, with dark curly hair. Other Cliff Notes lie scattered beneath his chair: Antigone, A Separate Peace, Hea rt of Darkness, 19 JEFF and STACY sit on the far side of the cooler; they're playing gin. Stacy, too, is petite, with short hair, thou hers,. is dark. She's wearing a pale blue bikini, and has beer bottle in her hand. She looks a little bored. Jeff is tall, scrawny. Like Eric, he has a pair of swim trunks on, and is deeply tanned. He's very focused, frown down at his cards.
0) 1) dialog: We should play War. It's more fun. Jeff takes a card from his hand, lays it down on the tabl
0) 3) dialog: Sure it is. I'll teach you. She starts-to fold her hand,'but Jeff shakes his head.
0) 5) dialog: But I keep losing.
0) 12) dialog: I wouldn't have to concentrate if we played War.
0) 14) dialog: I'd win sometimes. It's not fun if we both can't win.
0) 16) dialog: Of course it is. If we flipped a coin, and I called heads, and it--
0) 18) dialog: Maybe you should just be honest, sweetie. Eric doesn't even glance at her. He sips his beer again. STACY (cont'd) You could say: look, I don't know anything about these either, so now we're gonna read them together and sort of teach each other as we go. (turning to Jeff) Wouldn't you have loved that? To have a teacher who-- Amy speaks without opening her eyes, cutting Stacy off:
0) 41) dialog: So there was this king, who lived in a castle. Amy turns, gives her a pained look.
0) 45) dialog: So he decided to move.
0) 47) dialog: So he left by himself.
0) 50) dialog: So he bought a dog.
0) 53) dialog: So he gave it a bath.
0) 60) dialog: So he gave it some medicine.
0) 62) dialog: So the dog died. Amy rises, steps toward the pool. Jeff lays down his card joins her beside the water. They both peer into it.
3) 0) text: Mathias and the two couples sit together, with their beer Amy's skin has turned deep red; Stacy is behind her, appl lotion to her shoulders. Eric is talking to Mathias:
4) 0) text: There's a DJ, a dozen beer kegs. A few young men and wome are dancing beside a bonfire, but most of the crowd is scattered in small groups across the sand, TALKING, drink the firelight flickering off their faces. Stacy, Amy, Eric, Jeff and Mathias are sitting together; all have cups of beer. Stacy is between Eric's legs, lean against his chest. Amy, Jeff and Mathias sit cross-legged Everyone but Jeff and Mathias is a little drunk, and you hear it in their voices. Amy drains her cup, stands up, v unsteadily. She holds out her hand to Jeff.
4) 13) dialog: Or grass. Or cement. Or carpet.
4) 17) dialog: I'll dance.
10) 0) text: Only half the seats are occupied: tourists with their pac and cameras-and hats. Little TVs hang from the ceiling. We MOVE slowly down the aisle, passing Jeff and Amy first Amy is sound asleep, a camera hanging from her neck, a Pa hat in her lap. Jeff is beside her, bent low over a tour book, comparing its much more detailed map with the one Mathias's brother left behind. Next come Eric and Stacy, hunched together in their seats watching a Mexican soap opera on the little TV above them Stacy mimics the actors' exaggerated gestures, GIGGLING. Eric has the Cliff Notes for Hamlet in his lap, unopened. Finally, there's Mathias. The seat beside him is empty. He's staring out the window, his expression perfectly bla
11) 0) text: The town is very small: a dirt road lined with one- and t story buildings, some with thatched roofs. There's a grav turnaround, with a bus idling in it. Its door CREAKS open A dozen tourists emerge from the bus, blinking in the sunlight. Jeff, Amy, Stacy, Eric, and Mathias are among them. The boys have the knapsacks; the girls are wearing matching hats. Amy rubs at her face, stretching, waking u There's a souvenir stand at the town's entrance, with brightly colored blankets hanging from its walls. The tourists start toward it, leaving Jeff and the others bes the idling bus. They peer about, getting their bearings.
11) 5) dialog: How many miles is that? They all glance at Jeff. He shrugs.
13) 12) dialog: Eric has his phone. Can't we just call someone?
13) 34) dialog: Just go with it, honey. You'll see--it'll all work out. She hooks arms with her, pulls her into motion.
14) 1) dialog: So-there was this girl who bought a piano. Amy gives a loud MOAN.
14) 3) dialog: So she signed up for lessons.
14) 5) dialog: You can play, too. If you want.
14) 13) dialog: So she became a prostitute.
14) 17) dialog: We cross a stream. Then So she asked him to marry there'll be a path, branching her. off to our left. If we see a village, we've gone too far. AMY (cont'd) ERIC A village? But he was already married.
14) 18) dialog: A Mayan village. So she begged him to get a divorce. AMY (cont'd) ERIC Will they have air But he was in love with his conditioning? wife.
14) 24) dialog: It just says there's a So she decided to kill her. village. AMY (cont'd) I think we should go see it.
14) 25) dialog: Me, too.
14) 39) dialog: 
14) 50) dialog: Maybe it's not the right path. NO one speaks. They keep staring from the boy to the newl revealed path, trying to make sense of it. WE can still H the squeaking of the bicycle, growing steadily fainter.
14) 53) dialog: And it was hidden. Why would it be hidden? Jeff steps forward, shields his eyes, tries to peer into dimness of the narrow path. Then he glances back toward t little boy, who continues to stand there, watching them.
16) 6) dialog: It's beautiful.
16) 8) dialog: And the mosquitoes are gone. You realize that? They've stopped biting. She smiles at the others, delighted by this development. removes the cap from her camera, starts to take pictures.
16) 25) dialog: What's he saying?
17) 20) dialog: He's got a gun, Eric. This silences Eric--silences all of them. Mathias turns, SHOUTS toward the tent again.
19) 4) dialog: What do we do? Jeff shrugs, starts forward again.
20) 8) dialog: Shut Up, Eric.
20) 11) dialog: Let's go back up. Jeff takes a step forward into the clearing--slowly, wari STACY (cont'd) I wanna go back. Jeff takes another step, edging toward the mound, his eye the Mayans, their raised weapons. They just watch him.
22) 0) text: Amy, Stacy, and Eric sit in the clearing, beside the shaf passing a bottle of water among themselves. Eric is struggling to calm the girls:
22) 28) dialog: Maybe we should just wait, honey.
22) 31) dialog: Can't we sneak away when it gets dark? Eric said we--
22) 53) dialog: A cell phone.
22) 77) dialog: 
22) 85) dialog: Mathias...? Her voice ECHOES back at us. There's no response.
22) 99) dialog: I can do it.
22) 101) text: You sure? Stacy nods, but she doesn't look sure. She's hugging herself; it seems as if she might start trembling. Before anyone can speak, that GROANING comes from the shaft agai louder this time, unmistakable. Jeff cups his hands, SHOU
24) 9) dialog: She grips the sling with one hand, the lamp with the othe Wooden supports have been hammered into the walls of the shaft, buttressing the dirt. The vine clings to them, its leaves and flowers paler than on the hillside above. Stacy begins to swing, pendulum-like, as she descends. Sh tries unsuccessfully to steady herself, then glances up.
24) 22) dialog: What? JEFF (O.S.). It's the end of the rope.
24) 28) dialog: I'm not at the bottom.
24) 30) dialog: A little.
24) 32) dialog: I can't tell. I don't think so.
24) 34) dialog: Fifteen feet? (a beat) He's just lying there. She lifts her head again, peers upward.
24) 36) dialog: Jeff ... ? Jeff's head reappears.
24) 44) dialog: Wait! The rope has almost stopped its swaying.
25) 0) text: Jeff steps back to the hole, peers into it. So does Amy. Eric waits by the windlass. The rope is completely played out. Stacy SHOUTS, her voice ECHOING slightly:
25) 1) dialog: I want to stay with him.
25) 3) dialog: I'll jump. Jeff glances at the others. Eric shakes his head. Jeff CALLS down to her:.
25) 5) dialog: What about him? We can't just leave him.
25) 7) dialog: The rope jerks, and she begins to rise. She kicks her leg lifts her left arm over head, wrenches it free of the sli so that only her right arm remains hooked. She switches t lamp from her right hand to her left, then slips complete free of,the sling, the lamp fluttering out as she drops.
25) 14) dialog: I'm sorry. Oh, God. I'm so sorry. She pulls herself into a crouch, staring down at him thro the dimness, his SHRIEK fading to a steady MOANING.
26) 2) dialog: I didn't want him to be alone.
26) 4) dialog: It blew out. Jeff turns from the shaft, picks up the box of matches. H yanks off his shirt, ties the box inside it, then steps b to the edge of the hole. He CALLS down to Stacy:
26) 6) dialog: Okay. Jeff holds the knotted bundle over the shaft, lets it go. falls into the darkness. A long beat, and then, very soft WE HEAR the thump as it lands. STACY (O.S.) (cont'd) Got it. The three of them stare into the hole, waiting for the li
26) 13) dialog: Mathias...? He doesn't respond; it's hard to tell if he's conscious. Stacy lifts the lamp, peers about the shaft. The vine has taken root even at this depth, its flowers and leaves pal the point of translucence. Beyond Mathias, there's an opening in the dirt wall, anot shaft cutting perpendicularly into the earth. Its roof is supported by a stone archway, intricately carved. Stacy rises, as if to investigate, but then winces, nearly fall She peers down at her right leg. A large piece of glass i imbedded there, just beneath her knee. it's the size of a playing card, gently concave,'dark with her blood. She reaches and, grimacing, pulls it from her body.
27) 9) dialog: I cut my knee. Eric hurries to the shaft, followed by Jeff and Amy. They peer over its edge, toward Stacy, so far beneath them, in flickering circle of lamp light.
27) 11) dialog: My shoe's full of blood.
27) 15) dialog: Hey...
28) 9) dialog: I think he broke his back. They fall silent, staring down at her. STACY (O.S.) (cont'd) He can't move his legs. And it smells.
28) 11) dialog: Like he lost his bowels. His bladder.
28) 22) dialog: Okay. Amy is shaking her head, growing FRANTIC:
30) 20) dialog: No. She keeps peering into the shadows, not moving. The ringi falls SILENT. Stacy turns, hobbles back toward Mathias, a the light shudders, dims for a moment. She squints at it: the oil is nearly gone. She SHOUTS up to the others: STACY (cont'd) The lamp's almost out of oil.
30) 27) dialog: Blow it out?
31) 3) dialog: What?
31) 19) dialog: We'll have to send it back up, I guess.
31) 26) dialog: It's only a few feet. /"- Once more, Amy is silent. Stacy lifts the lamp, exami it, the diminishing pool of oil. STACY (cont'.d) We have to decide. The light's not going to last. Jeff's voice comes toward them from above again:
31) 34) dialog: You sure?
31) 36) dialog: But if I lift at his hips, won't he arch his back? They both stare down at Mathis, imagining these two diffe scenarios. Amy glances toward the lamp, its dwindling oil
31) 38) dialog: One ... two.-,.three. They lift, and Mathias immediately starts to SCREAM. His body sags at the waist; he begins to thrash his arms. Sta starts to set him down, but Amy shakes her head, SHOUTS:
32) 2) dialog: I have to pee. She limps toward the wall, lowers her pants, gingerly crouches. She stares toward the other shaft as she pees: its stone archway, the shifting shadows, the vine rustlin softly in the steady draught. Amy binds Mathias at his thighs. She WHISPERS to him:
34) 0) text: The windlass CREAKS loudly as Eric and Jeff work to wind the rope. Stacy has already been pulled up from the hole. She's sitting beside Mathias, who's lying on the backboar on the edge of the clearing, by the orange tent. Amy emerges from the shaft, dangling beneath the sawhorse Jeff holds the rope taut while Eric steps to the hole, pu Amy toward him. Stacy watches from beside the backboard. Mathias's eyes are shut, his breathing ROUGH with phlegm. No one speaks. Once Amy is free of the sling, they all mo to the backboard. Eric takes Stacy's-hand; Jeff crouches, starts to undo the belts.
35) 0) text: Stacy and Amy have pushed the camping supplies into a pil along the tent's rear wall. Stacy pulls off her pants, be to examine her wound in the darkness. Amy is beside her, lying on her side. A beat of silence. Then, WHISPERING:
35) 1) dialog: Amy? what?
35) 7) dialog: We shouldn't have lifted him, should we? Amy reaches, pats Stacy's hand.
35) 9) dialog: He's never gonna walk again.. He's--
37) 0) text: The orange nylon is just starting to glow with the sun's arrival. Stacy and Eric lie beneath one of the sleeping bags, Eric's head on her shoulder. Jeff lies curled on hi side, a few feet away, still shirtless. Jeff's eyes open. He sits up, stares about, then reaches one of the backpacks. He quietly digs through it till he finds a T-shirt. He sniffs at it, then pulls it on.
39) 0) text: Stacy opens her eyes. She lies there, struggling to orien herself, with Eric on her shoulder. She starts to roll on her side, then stops, looking confused. She reaches under the sleeping bag, toward her leg, her confusion changing to alarm. She site up, jarring Eric awake, and throws back the sleeping bag.
39) 2) text: What...? The vine has grown dramatically during the night, reachin out from the pile of supplies at the rear of the tent to spread across Stacy's right leg, almost to her waist. She sits up, tries to push it off her.
39) 8) dialog: Oh my god... The vine is clinging to her; she has to tear it, the sap shining slickly on her hands, visibly beginning to burn t skin. She yanks at the tendrils, tossing them aside. STACY (cont'd) Help me. Eric sits up, still only half-awake. He just stares. STACY (cont'd). It's inside me... It's true: one of the tendrils has pushed its way into th wound on her leg, widening it, thrusting itself a full th inches into her body, like a thick finger. STACY (cont.'d) Oh, Jesus--it's fucking inside me. She tries to pull the tendril out, but she's too panicky, quick, and the vine breaks, leaving a piece of itself sna under her skin. Stacy starts to SCREAM: STACY (cont'd) Get the knifes Eric is too shocked to stir. He's staring down at her leg at the bulge beneath her skin: it looks as if it's moving
40) 0) text: Stacy's SCREAMING continues. Jeff and Amy are on their fe hurrying across the clearing. Mathias has opened his eyes
40) 1) dialog: Get the knife! Jeff bends, scoops up the knife, starts toward the tent. waves toward Mathias.
41) 0) text: Eric is beside Stacy, trying to calm her; she's started t CRY. Her hands and wrists have turned a dark red, and the tendril is inside her leg, just to the left of her shin, running parallel to it. Jeff steps. toward them.
41) 3) dialog: Cut it out. You gotta cut it out.
41) 5) dialog: It's moving! Can't you see? Jeff stares at the bulge, hesitating. Then it moves, unquestionably: contracting and expanding, like a worm. Stacy SHRIEKS: STACY (cont'd) Jeff! Be gives in, crouching over her leg.
41) 7) dialog: Please. Hurry. He leans forward, slices into the skin above the bulge. Stacy CRIES OUT, starts to jerk away, but Jeff presses do on her leg, holding her still. He reaches into her wound with his finger, digs out the piece of vine, tosses it as
43) 0) text: Jeff is leaning forward, pressing the balled-up T-shirt against Stacy's wound, the blood darkening the fabric. St is lying there, her eyes shut, fists clenched.
43) 1) dialog: I can still feel it.
43) 8) dialog: I can feel it moving.
43) 10) dialog: BUTГ‚ВЂВ”
45) 0) text: Faintly, from up the hill, WE HEAR Stacy's screams. The Mayans are finishing their morning meal. They eat in silence, showing no reaction to the sound. In the clearin the young Mayan's corpse is buried beneath a thick growth vine.
46) 0) text: The four of them are sitting by the orange tent. Jeff and Amy are still spattered and smeared with Mathias's blood; Stacy is still in her underwear.
46) 19) dialog: It's still in there. I can feel it. She keeps probing. Jeff shakes his head, a little it' ATI
46) 27) dialog: See? How puffy it is?
46) 60) dialog: Cut me first. Right here. Stacy has stood up, pulled on the shorts Jeff has fashion for her. She's bent over, pointing at a spot on her leg, few inches below the last incision. STACY (cent'd) Sterilize the knife and-- Eric steps toward her, tries to soothe her.
46) 63) dialog: It's moving. I can feel it moving.
46) 65) dialog: I gotta get out of here. I gotta get to a hospital. I gotta-- Eric takes her hand, squeezing it. Stacy blinks at him, close to tears.
46) 67) dialog: See if there's a signal.
46) 74) dialog: Your phone. Check your phone. Eric doesn't move: he knows there's no point. STACY (cont'd) Check it. Eric SIGHS, steps to his pack, crouches to remove his pho He flips it open, holds it out to Stacy. She stares down it: there's no signal. Eric drops it back into his pack. Then he turns to Jeff.
48) 0) text: Mathias's SCREAMS fill the tent. Amy and Stacy are sittin together, clutching each other; Stacy is CRYING. Amy is staring toward the flap with a look of horror.
50) 2) dialog: Who? Jeff looks up at her, startled by the question. Eric is moving along the length of rope, bent low, checking its h for signs of weakness.
50) 4) dialog: Who's going?
50) 6) dialog: No, Jeff. No way. Not me. Jeff caps the tequila bottle, gives Stacy a tired look.
50) 14) dialog: Why can't Amy go on her own?
50) 16) dialog: I'm not going. I can't.
52) 0) text: Eric is helping Stacy into the sling, pulling it over her head; Stacy's hands are shaking badly. Eric hugs her, try to calm her. Jeff waits beside the hand crank.
52) 4) dialog: Hurry. Amy strikes the match, holds it to the knot of clothing a the end of the aluminum pole. The alcohol catches with a FLUTTERING sound, a cloud of pale blue fire materializing around the torch. Amy lifts it, and they start into:
52) 12) dialog: It's right here. I can-- Amy jumps forward, reaching for her.
52) 15) dialog: 
52) 17) dialog: What? A seventh RING sounds, seeming to come from beneath the v on the floor of the shaft, directly in front of them. Sta tries to pull free, to bend and reach toward the sound.
52) 24) dialog: No. It's-- She pulls free, steps forward, and her foot seems to punc straight through the shaft's floor. She SCREAMS, losing h balances Amy throws down the torch, lunges for her. The torch flutters, pales, but remains lit. The vines growing across the floor fall away, revealing a opening, another shaft, dropping into the earth. Stacy is slowly sliding into it, scrambling to stop herself. Amy grabs Stacy arm. Stacy is dangling, from the waist do over the hole's edge. There are vines in the hole, too, a they begin to coil around her legs, pulling at her, dragg her downward. Stacy SCREAMS again, kicking to free herself, scrambling upward, monkey-like, while Amy pulls at her, and finally manage to drag her to safety. A beat, then Amy retrieves the torch, holds it out over t hole. The bottom is twenty feet down, almost lost in shad Dimly, WE SEE a woman, lying curled against the wall--she long dark hair. STACY (cont'd) Oh my God. The woman stirs, her body rolling, as if to turn and look us, and WE SEE her face: she's a corpse. The vine has invaded her flesh--it's in her eye sockets, the hollow of mouth, writhing and churning. Stacy and Amy SCREAM. There's a WHISTLING sound, like a whip, and a tendril las out from the shaft's wall, wraps itself around the torch' handle, yanks it from Amy's grip. The torch falls into th hole, still burning. When it hits bottom, a mass of vine surges across it, smothering its flame. It's very dark after this: Amy and Stacy are barely discernible. A beat of silence, then an odd, high-pitched CACKLING rises all around them; it sounds like laughter-- eerie, childlike, full of echoes.
54) 0) text: The weather has shifted; a wind has risen. The sun is setting, a red smudge behind a dark gray wall of clouds. Mathias lies.on his backboard, unconscious, his breathing coming in that ragged RASP, a thread of brown liquid leak from the corner of his mouth. Amy is crouched beside him; she leans forward, wipes away the liquid. Stacy sits in the clearing behind her, leaning against Er They're both slick with sweat, but Stacy keeps shivering, if cold. Eric's arms are around her, and her eyes are shu Jeff is peeling the orange. Like Amy, he's still spattere and stained with Mathias's blood. The vine has continued grow on everyone's clothes, weblike, eating away at the fabric. Jeff reaches, tugs free a strand of it, and a six inch tear appears in his T-shirt. Stacy opens her eyes; she leans forward, peers down at th wounds on her leg, her right hand moving to her chest, probing at her rib cage. She turns to Eric:
54) 1) dialog: Check your phone. Eric pushes himself to his feet, steps toward his pack. H pulls out his phone, flips it open. He shakes his head. STACY (cont'd) Let me see. Eric carries the phone to her, then stands over her while opens it, stares down at it. She shuts it, opens it again Then again, and again, and suddenly she's CRYING, bent in herself. Eric drops to a crouch, rests his hand on her kn
54) 9) dialog: I wanner go home. I wanna leave...
54) 23) dialog: But everyone... She trails off, CRYING again. Amy nods, encouraging her.
54) 25) dialog: They laughed at her.
54) 63) dialog: Me, too. They all turn to look at her. She's massaging that spot o her rib cage again, digging into it with her fingers. STACY (cont'd) It's eating me. Just like him. And her. She waves toward the shaft. Jeff gives her a weary look.
54) 70) dialog: It's inside me. In my leg. My chest. I can feel it. Right here.. She stops pacing, lifts her shirt. She points to the base her rib cage. STACY (cont'd) See? Jeff stares; there's nothing there. He shakes his head. T knife is lying in the mud beside him, and Stacy steps forward, snatches it up. Jeff reaches to stop her, but he too slow. She stands before him, hefting it. in her hand.
54) 72) dialog: I'll show you. She lifts her.shirt again, pressing at her rib cage with .fingertips. Jeff stands up, holds out his hand.
54) 75) dialog: But she's already cutting: a four inch slit along the bas of her rib cage. Amy SCREAMS. A horizontal line of blood crests the wound, sweeps down across Stacy's stomach, soa into the waistband of her shorts. She watches it, frownin
54) 76) dialog: I thought it would just come tumbling out. She probes at the cut with the point of the knife, prying farther open, the bleeding increasing. Jeff reaches, grab the knife from her. He looks furious: JEFF . Sit down.
54) 77) dialog: It's hiding. It's right-- She pokes her finger into the wound, digging. Jeff slaps hand away. He YELLS:
54) 91) dialog: Leave him alone. She tries to sit up, but Jeff pushes her back down, hard.
54) 94) dialog: It's growing.
54) 96) dialog: I'm gonna end up like her. That girl. I'm gonna--
54) 103) dialog: You're not listening.
54) 106) dialog: (shouting, very loud)
54) 118) dialog: Make it stop.
54) 128) dialog: Please. Make it stop.
54) 133) dialog: Shut up...! Stacy's voice continues, but now that high-pitched LAUGHT is coming, too, a chorus of it, growing in volume:
54) 138) dialog: Shut up...! Shut up...! The LAUGHTER grows steadily LOUDER, obscuring Stacy's voi WE SEE the flowers trembling, visibly vibrating as they sculpt the sound...
56) 0) text: Jeff, Stacy and Amy lie side-by-side in the darkness. The liquid RATTLE of Mathias's breathing comes from the clear sounding as if someone were sawing at a tin can. Jeff and Stacy are asleep; Amy is stirring restlessly, shifting first onto one side, then the other. Finally, sh rises, moves toward the flap, slips quietly through it.
58) 0) text: Stacy and Jeff, eyes shut, sleeping. Very SOFTLY, there comes a faint PANTING, rhythmic, furtive sounding. Stacy' eyes open; she lies there, listening. There's a MOAN, and the PANTING QUICKENS. Stacy rises to sitting position. She listens for another beat, then lean prods at Jeff. He awakes with a jerk, blinking up at her.
59) 0) text: Mathias's breathing continues its RAGGED course. Amy is still leaning into Eric, her head on his shoulder. He has his arm around her. He looks up, blinking, as Stacy emerg from the tent into the moonlight.
59) 1) dialog: What the fuck, Eric? Amy lifts her head, wipes at her face; Eric drops his arm from her shoulder. They both stare at Stacy, startled by anger. Jeff appears behind her, stepping through the flap
59) 3) dialog: We heard you.
59) 5) dialog: Fucking her.
59) 13) dialog: You're so blind.
59) 15) dialog: It doesn't make things up. It mimics things. Things it's heard.
59) 17) dialog: That was Ay, Jeff. Moaning.
59) 21) dialog: You're not upset? He had his arm around her. He-- Amy leans forward, hands out, BESEECHING:
59) 28) dialog: We he-ar you. The vine starts to push its way in between Mathias's lips into his mouth. Mathias makes a GAGGING sound, but doesn' regain consciousness: once more, no one notices.
59) 30) dialog: You're such a fool, Jeff. You think she's never cheated on you? Perfect little angelic Amy?
59) 32) dialog: I could tell you secrets. I could open your eyes.
59) 34) dialog: Spring break? Senior year?
59) 36) dialog: Fuck you. Slut. (back to Jeff) Twice, Jeff. Two different guys. And one of them-- Jeff grabs her arm, grips it, silencing hers
59) 44) dialog: Oh, god...oh please no... Jeff bends close to Mathias's face, listening; he checks Mathias's neck for a pulse. A beat, then he turns toward others, shakes his head. Stacy begins to SOB: STACY (cont'd) I'm sorry...I'm so sorry... Eric reaches, takes her into his arms, hugging her.
61) 0) text: Jeff stands there, staring down toward the jungle. Eric a Stacy are sitting together in the clearing behind him, holding hands; Stacy is still CRYING softly. Amy approach across the hilltop, stops beside Jeff.
62) 0) text: Jeff is crouched beside the backboard, UNZIPPING the slee bag. Eric tosses the flimsy lean-to aside, exposing Mathias's corpse-to the sun. Amy and Stacy stand watching
62) 10) dialog: Where's the knife? They all turn. Her hand is under her tattered shirt, pressing at her lower back. Jeff SIGHS:
62) 12) dialog: She lifts her shirt, twisting to show him. it looks as if large starfish has been implanted just beneath her skin. It's moving, too, inching slowly but visibly downward. Th all stare in astonishment. Amy GASPS, points at Stacy's leg. Stacy bends to see: there's more vine here, a snakelike lump winding its way upward from the top of her shin to her inner thigh.
63) 0) text: Amy holds up the bottle of tequila. Jeff is crouching ove the fire, heating the knife's blade. Be glances toward he nods. Stacy is sitting down, staring at the bulge in her with a dazed expression. Eric is beside her. Amy offers the bottle to Stacy;-they all watch as she tak long swallow. Then she hands the bottle back to Amy, and Jeff pulls the knife from the fire, carries it toward her He gestures to Eric and Amy.
63) 7) dialog: I want to see. Jeff hesitates; for a moment it seems-as if he might argu But then, very quickly, he leans forward and draws the kn in one smooth movement up and around Stacy's leg. Stacy MOANS, her body tensing, but she doesn't cry out. The incision reveals the vine, a foot long, its leaves an flowers clotted with Stacy's blood, which is oozing from wound. Jeff reaches in, pries the tendril from her flesh. Stacy MOANS again, arching backward, as the vine emerges: writhing and twisting. The blood comes more thickly now, pumping from the wound, running down her leg. Jeff drops the tendril into the dirt, steps on it, grindi it into stillness. Stacy is breathing HARD, almost hyperventilating. She's shut her eyes.
64) 0) text: The Mayans at their campsite: three of them on guard duty the others napping in the shade beneath the trees. Stacy' SCREAMING echoes down the hill toward us.
65) 0) text: They've pulled a shirt from one of the backpacks, torn it into strips, and used these to bandage Stacy's wounds, ty them around her leg and torso. She's lying on her side, e shut, her head in Eric's lap. He's stroking her hair. Jeff is counting the grapes into four separate piles. Amy sits watching him. When he finishes, he gestures for her take a pile. Then he scoops Stacy and Eric's rations up, carries them over.
65) 2) dialog: There's more of it. She leans forward, probes at her right thigh, prodding th skin. The others watch her; there's no bulge visible, no sign of the vine-at all. Eric gives her a pained look.
65) 4) dialog: It's under the muscle. Down by the bone.
65) 11) dialog: My calf, too. she lifts her right leg, turning it to show the others. J bends to look. Again, there's no visible sign of the vine He shakes his head.
65) 13) dialog: Please, Jeff.
65) 15) dialog: It's everywhere. She's prodding at her body: her legs, her chest and stoma Amy scoots toward her, grasps her hand.
65) 17) dialog: Stacy yanks her hand free, clutches her scalp, WEEPING:
65) 18) dialog: It's in my head! I can feel it in my head! Amy takes Stacy in her arms, hugging her tight..
65) 25) dialog: That girl-- (she waves at the shaft) I keep seeing her. When I shut my eyes.
65) 27) text: I know...I know. (she stands up, holds out her hand) Let's just lie down for a bit. Okay? Stacy hesitates, staring up at Amy. Then she reaches, gra her hand. Amy pulls her to her feet, helps her hobble acr the clearing to the tent. Jeff and Eric sit-there, watchi in silence as they vanish through the flap.
67) 0) text: Stacy stands just beyond the tent's.flap. All is still, quiet.- She moves to Eric's pack, crouches over it, pulls his phone. She flips it open, stares down at its screen: there's still no signal. She drops it back into the pack. She turns-to examine the clearing, her eyes falling upon two backpacks from the blue tent. Their pockets are zippe open: Jeff and Eric's hurried pillaging during the downpo has scattered their contents across the dirt. Stacy rises, steps toward this tangled mound. She starts dig through it, casually at first, but then with growing intensity, throwing T-shirts and jeans and shorts aside, probing deeply into the pile. Suddenly she goes still. Staring. Amid the sodden mass of clothing sits a knife in a small scabbard. As Stacy crouches there, the vines start to RUSTLE, a rippling motion passing across them, as. if a wind were sweeping the hillside. Stacy watches with a look of horro it looks like the pelt of some giant animal, shaking itse When it finally stops, she bends, reaching for the knife.
69) 3) dialog: She turns, blood-streaked, wild-eyed, the knife in her ha her skin is hanging from her in shreds. We can see her le muscles, her abdominals, a glint of bone at her left elbo Jeff starts forward, holding out his hand, very STERN:
69) 6) dialog: I have to get it out. It's-- Jeff darts forward, tries to grab the knife from her, and slashes at him, SHOUTING: STACY (coat'd) Leave me alonel The blade slices into his palm. Jeff jumps back, cradling his hand at his chest. STACY (cont'd) I have to-- Eric steps toward her, from behind, reaching around her b for the knife, and she spins, reflexively, trying to fend off. But the knife is in her hand, and it punches into hi chest, just to the right of his sternum, sticking there.
69) 13) dialog: Please. Just--
69) 15) dialog: It hurts. It hurts so much. Eric tries to rise again. The blood surges from his wound when he moves. Jeff presses him back down.
69) 22) dialog: Kill me. I can't She stops in mid-sentence, staring. Jeff and Amy follow h gaze. A half dozen tendrils are snaking into the clearing reaching toward Eric's body. Jeff jumps to his feet. The tendrils begin to wrap themselves around Eric's limbs, and Jeff bends to tear th away. More and more keep coming, though. Eric has started to convulse, GAGGING, his head cocked back. Jeff keeps yanking the tendrils away, but there are far t many of them; they coil around Eric's legs, pulling at hi The blood has stopped pumping from his wound; his body ha gone still.
69) 36) dialog: 
69) 39) dialog: 
70) 0) text: The Mayans in their campsite. They're all staring up the hill, listening. Stacy's voice ECHOES toward us:
70) 1) dialog: 
71) 0) text: Amy sits beside Stacy, who lies on her back in the puddle blood, arms thrown out, the knife stuck hilt-deep in her chest. Eric's body is barely visible at the edge of the clearing; the vine RUSTLES softly as it consumes him.