5) 0) text: KIDS hover in the hallway. Wren, Hallie and Katie come al Out of her gym clothes, Katie's look is edgier than the others. Buckled and worn leather boots and jeans. A scree printed heart with large black wings spread across her fa and ragged out t-shirt. They see CHLOE (17). Alert, pretty. She makes her way ove adjusting her sweater.
5) 3) dialog: I got it at Tilly's. It’s in all the magazines... The girls keep walking. Chloe falls in with them.
5) 5) dialog: Eat me, bitch. The girls laugh as they near a group of BOYS. Wren lowers her voice, in a mock-British accent-
5) 12) dialog: So, Kyle, what's the big secret?
5) 14) dialog: Yeah? 19 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 7. Hallie rolls her eyes. The “End of the Day” bell rings.
8) 2) dialog: It’s Kyle. And I don't even like him... Blue Rev. (06/09/16)
8) 4) dialog: No, but... (beat) I do know what their big secret is.
8) 6) dialog: They're all getting together at Tom's house. In his garage to try to summon Slender Man. A heavy silence fills the room.
8) 26) dialog: "In the summer of 2001, seven girls from the town of Cumberland, Rhode Island went missing without a trace..."
8) 28) dialog: Good for you. We watch in silence as the girls stare at the screen. The low drone intensifies. Warbling and over-modulating.
8) 33) dialog: That's- you know who that is? From "Carrie"...
8) 36) dialog: "He preys upon innocent youth..."
8) 38) dialog: “Slender Man is said to live ina hidden mansion, but the location is unknown...”
8) 43) dialog: We actually don’t. Actually...
8) 48) dialog: Listen to this shit... (reading from her phone) “Those who hear the three bells toll, accept HIS invitation...When you hear the first you must close your eyes, keeping words unspoken... - On screen, eerie image after image repeat over and over Crooked trees separated by a dark void inside the forest.
8) 49) dialog: If one wants to hear they must listen closely, for they are faint and distant. With eyes still closed and the mind wide open...clear your thoughts as you await the second... - An ever present fog, hides something from view. Somethi we can almost see. But the image keeps changing. Switchin another.
8) 50) dialog: +.-Only opening your eyes once you hear the third...” Chloe shakes her head, trying to make sense of it. The girls are spellbound, soaking in the pale glow from t screen. Except for Chloe who nervously laughs and backs a
8) 51) dialog: Whatever...this is dumb- Wren pulls Chloe reluctantly back into the mix.
8) 58) dialog: Are you serious? This is so--
8) 64) dialog: Maybe. I don’t know... They open their eyes as the sound slowly dies and fades a - ON THE SCREEN NOW: A static silhouette of a large, gnar and twisted oak tree. Branches reach out into the frame l tentacles winding their way out of its thick black trunk. The girls sit, eyes fixed, waiting for something to happe But nothing comes. - Just that ominous image of the towering oak tree starin back at them. Relentless...Unwavering... - Or is it? Is the tree moving? THE SCREEN SUDDENLY STROBES WITH IMAGES WE CAN’T MAKE OUT The girls shudder, shielding themselves. - Then the image cuts out. Just disappears. THE SCREEN GOES TOTALLY BLACK. A deafening silence as the girls sit frozen in the dark r Nobody speaks. Temporarily blind. The screen now blank. Chloe and Hallie look at each other, completely unnerved. Trying to shake off the mutually disturbing feeling.
9) 0) text: Katie looks slightly distracted as she sits with Hallie, Wren, and Chloe. But the girls don’t really see it. Hallie finds her gaze continually drawn a few rows over. where Tom sits. She quickly averts her eyes when he looks her direction.
9) 1) dialog: Don't make any pregnancy jokes but I felt so nauseous this morning. I threw up twice. Hallie turns at this, faintly troubled.
11) 1) dialog: It’s Katie we're waiting for?
11) 7) dialog: Where is she?
12) 9) dialog: This is getting serious, people...
13) 0) text: The tired sun dips behind the treeline. Slender shadows r across the graveyard, welcoming nightfall. POLICE talk to school officials, finally releasing kids t their waiting PARENTS. There are FLASHLIGHTS in the woods. A SEARCH PARTY. Chloe watches them moving behind the trees. The lights vanish and reappear as they hunt for any sign her missing friend. Under everything, like a whisper in t wind, we can hear the sound of the workers calling her na “Kaaaaatieee...” Wren judges the look on Chloe’s face.
13) 6) dialog: My mom’s on her way.
14) 0) text: News about Katie's disappearance plays on the TV. Hallie watching with her family in the living room. As she live- texts with Wren and Chloe- Wren: This is unreal. Hallie: I know. Chloe: My mom asked if she was doing porn. Hallie: And I thought my parents were dumb. Hallie’s father turns up the TV volume now. She looks up. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 26.
17) 5) dialog: It was Saturday. We spent the night at Katie’s house...
17) 11) dialog: She moved out a while back.
17) 15) dialog: No. She’s my best friend. Since Kindergarten...
17) 21) dialog: But we all did...
18) 1) dialog: Hey! She turns around to see Wren and Chloe hustling over.
18) 4) dialog: They asked me if I saw anything weird. On the field trip...
18) 6) dialog: No. But--— Chloe stops and looks around to see if anyone’s listening Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 30.
18) 7) dialog: I was looking on my phone. The stuff I took at the cemetery... She holds it out and taps the screen. Hallie squints to see.
18) 8) dialog: It's almost at the end... - SHAKY FOOTAGE: Kyle sheepishly turns away as Chloe gigg from behind the camera. CHLOE (0.S.) (CONT’D) C’mon...do it... - The camera circles around, chasing. But Kyle tucks his down, keeping his back to us. CHLOE (0.S.) (CONT’D) Just one more time, for me... - She corners him and Kyle gives in.
18) 11) dialog: Shut up, not that. Chloe hits pause.
18) 12) dialog: Look!
18) 19) dialog: (interrupting) Yeah. I know, but...It’s probably nothing. Hallie nods. She and Wren start to move on but only get a steps before Chloe calls after them-
18) 20) dialog: I wasn’t thinking it was Slender Man. I mean, if that’s what you thought I was thinking. Hallie turns back.
18) 25) dialog: C’mon...do it... - The camera spins around Kyle. Hallie taps the screen and fast-forwards. - In fast motion, the camera circles around. Hallie taps play. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 33. CHLOE (0.S.) (CONT’D) Just one more time, for me... Lizzie peeks over, trying to see.
20) 0) text: Hallie passes out flyers asking for leads on Katie’s disappearance. She comes upon Wren and Chloe with A BUNCH OF OTHER KIDS. Hallie’s expression changes to nervous when she realizes is there. She avoids making eye contact. Tom is looking at Chloe’s phone.
20) 2) dialog: Just trees. The police said it’s the light. Playing tricks.
20) 7) dialog: Well, sort of... I guess. (self-consciously) Why?
21) 0) text: Hallie walks away. Wren and Chloe stalk after her.
21) 3) dialog: What did he mean about Katie being “into the occult"?
21) 17) dialog: I didn't see anything either, Wren.
22) 0) text: OMINOUS POV - As if something was watching through a twis thicket of trees. Hallie, Wren and Chloe stand under a st lamp. A dim pool of light cutting through the darkness.
22) 3) dialog: What are you talking about?
22) 7) dialog: The back door’s always open. (they look at her) I’m just saying... Wren starts across the street. Chloe’s right behind her. Hallie pauses, her feet stuck to the curb. She watches as the girls slip into darkness on the other the street. Then checks the block. Neighboring houses sit in darkness, crickets chirping ove the silence. THAT OMINOUS POV AGAIN - From behind the twisted branches Hallie steps quickly across the street, following the oth two before she changes her mind. The POV follows. Stalkin her from the trees. EXT. KATIE’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 43 Wren moves quietly to one of the front windows. Chloe rig behind, step for step. A moment later, Hallie appears. She looks over their shoulders, anxiety dancing in her eyes.
23) 0) text: The doorknob turns on the back door. A slow CREAK as it opens. Wren pokes her head in. The house is silent except the low drone from the TV. Underneath it, we can hear Mr. Jensen snoring. Wren carefully steps inside. Hallie and Chloe slip in beh They move quietly into a dark hallway stretching out in f of them. As they pass the kitchen we see an OPEN PANTRY D In the shadows, we can just make out a cluttered table an chairs. The filthy sink is piled high with dishes. Wren looks back at them with a “Can-you-believe-how-cool- is?” smile. She pauses near an entryway table. A framed picture of Katie with her dad sits on top. Happier times. They peek into the living room. POV - Mr. Jensen lies on the couch, still snoring softly. Wren turns to Hallie and Chloe, gives them the hush sign continues. As she turns, Wren bumps the entryway table, knocking over the framed picture.
24) 2) dialog: I know. Hallie crosses to Katie's desk where a tangle of cables l like severed limbs.
24) 3) dialog: The police must've taken her desktop. Hallie looks more closely. She eyes A FEW BOOKS that surr an empty spot where the computer was. ON THE COVER OF ONE OF THE BOOKS: A repulsive scaly creat curls around itself. Horns and a tail. One clawed hand hi its entire face. Hallie’s gaze shifts to a crude sketch on a scrap of pape CLOSE ON: A strange, abstract drawing. - A chaotic mess of penciled strokes depict a tall, thin human-like figure. Its elongated arms hang slack at its sides. A smaller figure is roughed out next to it. An arm from each figure overlap. Like they’re connected... Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 48. - LIKE A TALL, THIN MONSTER HOLDING A CHILD’S HAND... THE MURMUR OF VOICES IN THE NEXT ROOM GROWS LOUDER. Heavy footsteps in the hallway head towards us. Hallie and Chloe focus on the closed bedroom door. Frozen
24) 8) dialog: Let’s just take it. 48 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 49. Hallie looks surprised. Chloe's surprised herself. She mo to the bedroom door and carefully opens it. As the girls step out, they see Wren and Mr. Jensen's sha stretching out into the hallway. And hear Katie’s Father quietly sobbing...
25) 0) text: Hallie, Wren and Chloe are gathered around Katie's laptop
25) 2) dialog: Isn't that like...where people buy drugs and guns online?
25) 5) dialog: It looks like you need a password.
25) 8) dialog: Now what? - Just as quickly, the circles dissolve into FIVE TRIANGL
25) 9) dialog: Is this a game? - The triangles fade as EIGHT SQUARES appear. The sequenc ends with small empty box. - A CURSOR FLASHES.
25) 11) dialog: Circle, triangle, square...
25) 21) dialog: What was that?
25) 24) dialog: I don’t like this. Wren closes the haunting image.
25) 29) dialog: Wait. Look... Katie posted a video. Wren clicks on the link. - A VIDEO OPENS: Katie stands in the woods. She holds up phone like she’s taking a selfie, but not smiling. She wa Slowly through the trees. The forest whirls around her as makes her way. Her eyes empty, void of emotion. ON THE GIRLS - Transfixed on the secret video of their friend. And then their faces change. Eyes widening as a w of dread washes over them. The video ends and they look at each other- 49 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 53.
25) 34) dialog: I don't know either... Maybe nothing? We hear the denial in their words. Nobody wants to say it loud, but it’s clear. They all saw something.
29) 0) text: Fueled by caffeine and nerves, Wren tries to download Hal and Chloe as fast as she can.
29) 3) dialog: (incredulous) You went back on that website?
29) 7) dialog: What kind of virus? Wren sees effort- Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 61.
29) 11) dialog: Like what?
29) 14) dialog: What the does hell does that mean? Wren pauses for dramatic effect. The girls sinks in.
29) 21) dialog: No way.
29) 24) dialog: (dawns on her) But what if it is real?
31) 0) text: Wren walks along a quiet street. A lone street lamp over powers the moonlight. She follows the treeline, Hallie an Chloe a couple of steps behind. Their shadows stretch out before them as they plot a cour through the scrub brush. We watch as they make their way of the light and into the trees. We see a flashlight click on and watch as they disappear the darkness beyond.
32) 0) text: Tree limbs and branches crack and break the silence as th girls fight their way into the forest. Leaves crunch unde their feet. Each of their steps drum to a different, but steady beat. Wren’s torch forages the path ahead, rolling over fallen decomposing trees. Hallie and Chloe follow close behind. In the distance, we can make out a hint of light. A clear in the forest that allows moonlight to filter down. The girls emerge from a thicket of undergrowth, the flashlight searching the open area. Wren spotlights a massive stump of a tree that decomposed long ago. Bark falling down the sides. Rotten and jagged.
32) 3) dialog: This is the only picture I have of me with my dad. There are other photos of him floating around online. Trips he took with his new girlfriend, things like that. This is the only one where we're together. She tears the photo into tiny pieces and scatters them ov the broken ceramic shards in the damp, rotten hole. Hallie realizes it's her turn. She shows everyone the whi scarf. We see the embroidered description above the ragge and frayed end. “From the same garden, different flowers bloom.”
32) 8) dialog: Anyone else feel like and idiot, or is it just me? Hallie and Chloe exchange a look, and Chloe snickers. Wren glares at them and places her iPad over the sacrific items in the decayed hallow of the tree. ON SCREEN: A PHOTO OF KATIE.
32) 11) dialog: Why? Isn’t it dark enough?
32) 14) dialog: Fine. Whatever. This is so lame. Wren’s called their bluff. The girls adjust their blindfo Wren puts hers on. The girls reach for each other and hold hands. Then awkwa form a circle as they sit on the ground. Now only darkness and forest sounds surround them. Cricke chirping. Leaves falling softly on the ground. A gentle w rustles the treetops high above.
32) 19) dialog: (sarcastically) Yeah, Hallie, come on. They're quiet, for a second.
32) 24) dialog: Hear what?
32) 29) dialog: (voice shaking) We shouldn't be doing this!
32) 43) text: She fights through a thicket of thorned branches and find opening between trees. Chloe ducks through and... THWACK! She runs smack into a tree and falls to the groun But it’s not a tree. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 69. Chloe gets up. IT’S A TALL, SLENDER MAN STANDING RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER! His torso is dark and black, like coal. His face white. A blank where his features should be. He "stares" at her. Without eyes. His long arms raise and reach for her... Chloe’s heart races, but she can’t move. Body rigid. Paralyzed. She can’t look away. Staring back at the man towering above her. She begins to...
32) 46) text: Wren rushes along searching frantically. THEN SHE HEARS CHLOE’S SCREAM ECHO THROUGH THE FOREST. She circles back with the flashlight.
32) 72) dialog: (slowly) I lost a shoe.
33) 0) text: The girls walk home. Chloe lags behind.
33) 2) dialog: Yeah. I just freaked out.
33) 5) dialog: Nothing happened. I just got scared, okay?
36) 0) text: Chloe stares at her PHONE, pacing around the room. MISSED CALL FROM HALLIE. For a moment, she considers calling back. But only for a moment. She fidgets with her hands, wringing them out. We a manic look in her eyes as she takes a deep breath. Chloe opens the music player on her phone and plays a son soothing rhythm fills the air. She lays on her bed and closes her eyes. Trying to calm herself. Deep breath after breath. She exhales pure anxie but it helps. Another breath and we see the nerves calm. We watch the tension release. Her body relaxing into the bed beneath her.
39) 0) text: Hallie exits one of the school buildings. She texts Chloe response. She continues walking, head buried in her phone until...
43) 6) dialog: Now I know...
43) 8) dialog: It’s happening all the time...He won’t go away... The words come fast. Wren interrupts.
43) 11) dialog: He won’t stop...
43) 13) dialog: Don't ever call me again. CALL ENDED. She hangs up. Wren and Hallie look at each other.
48) 1) dialog: Chloe carries books like any other student, but something different. Her skin so pale. Except for the make-up caked her face. Like a corpse prepared for an open casket funer
50) 0) text: PARAMEDICS wheel Chloe to an ambulance. With tears streaming down, Hallie and Wren watch Chloe disappear behind the ambulance doors. For a moment, Tom stands behind them. We see the fear on face. Then he slowly slips away behind the gathering crow Wren and Hallie lock eyes. The nightmare is only getting worse...
52) 0) text: Hallie taps away on her phone as she walks towards a vend machine at the end of the hallway. She sends a text to To ON THE PHONE: “YOU AROUND?” Hallie comes to the end of the hallway. No answer... She punches a button on the vending machine, a lost look her eyes as the soda tumbles out. She grabs it and turns walk away. But as she does... Hallie sees an ORDERLY step out of a room down the hall. Outside the room is a cluster of BALLOONS... THE NAME “CHLOE” ON ONE OF THEM. Hallie’s feet slow as she approaches the open doorway. Slowly, she peeks inside. POV - A curtain sections off the room. INT. CHLOE’S HOSPITAL ROOM -- CONTINUOUS 87 The curtain slides back. Hallie enters to see “Get well” cards and flowers. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 103. BUT THE BED IS EMPTY.
52) 3) dialog: I can smell your perfume... Hallie doesn’t see the sinister grin creeping across Chlo face as she moves closer.
52) 5) dialog: (grins morbidly) I tried to stop it. But it didn't work... Chloe reaches up and picks at one of the bandages.
52) 7) dialog: I realize now. He’1ll never stop.
52) 10) dialog: But I can still see!
52) 12) dialog: 