3) 0) text: ON VIDEO: A cat dances while wearing shades and a bow-tie This is on a cell in the hand of HALLIE, 17, fit and athletic. Hair pulled back in a pony tail. A lively spark Hallie’s eyes quickly evolves into a brilliant smile. She leans over and replays the video for KATIE, 17, sitti next to her in the bleachers. Unlike Hallie, she doesn’t the part in a “Massachusetts Charter” P.E. uniform. Katie draws her hair back and stares at the screen. The d old eyeliner around her eyes was left on intentionally. A tiny act of defiance. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 4.
3) 2) dialog: It'd be better if he exploded at the end.
3) 4) dialog: Whatever. He'll give up after a second. He doesn't really want me having a heart attack on his field. The P.E. Teacher indeed moves on. Hallie smiles.
5) 0) text: KIDS hover in the hallway. Wren, Hallie and Katie come al Out of her gym clothes, Katie's look is edgier than the others. Buckled and worn leather boots and jeans. A scree printed heart with large black wings spread across her fa and ragged out t-shirt. They see CHLOE (17). Alert, pretty. She makes her way ove adjusting her sweater.
5) 1) dialog: (sarcastic) Nice sweater...
7) 0) text: Katie lets Hallie and Wren in.
7) 1) dialog: Don't make any noise. “IT’S” dormant. Reveal KATIE’S FATHER, 40s. Ex-military but still sports crew-cut. He’s asleep on a couch in the living room. In f of an old movie. Vodka in evidence.
7) 2) dialog: (resigned) Just another Friday night at the Jensen's...
8) 9) dialog: (to Hallie) The guy who makes kids disappear? Hallie doesn’t have a clue.
8) 13) dialog: Probably looking for another bottle. (child-like) "Daddy needs his medicine..." Hallie smiles at the joke and pops in her ear buds. We watch her click on a video link. - IN THE VIDEO: A long, slow PUSH-IN on a black and white image of a burned down library. Text scrolls up from belo - “IN THE SUMMER OF 2001, SEVEN GIRLS FROM THE TOWN OF CUMBERLAND, RHODE ISLAND WENT MISSING WITHOUT A TRACE.” Hallie can still hear the girls talking back and forth.
8) 14) dialog: I hate living here. All he does is drink, sleep, and shit. The girls laugh. Everyone but Hallie, focused on her phone. - The video continues to zoom in on the smoldering librar the text clears. Closer and closer.
8) 15) dialog: It’s just so much worse since my mom left-- THE FLOOR CREAKS ABOVE. Katie, Chloe, and Wren look up. Following with their eyes Hallie listens with them, still watching the image on her phone as it evolves into a dark indistinguishable shape. - Then four words surface in the center of the frame. -— “ONLY ONE CAME BACK...” Katie’s eyes drop to the floor as her father’s footsteps away and disappear.
8) 16) dialog: Sometimes I just wanna leave. You know? Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 12. She glances up, looking for comfort in her friends’ eyes.
8) 20) dialog: Don’t I wish. I’m totally stuck in this shithole... Then something draws Hallie’s attention back to her phone - Out of nowhere, a LOW EERIE DRONE. It grows in Hallie’s ears until it drowns out the chatter in the room. Hallie looks over as the girls continue to discuss someth she can no longer hear. - ON THE SCREEN: Something seems to be taking form in the indistinct, shadowy regions of the grainy image. Hallie struggles to focus, pulling the screen closer. In this moment, it’s like the real world around her has decelerated. Almost paused, as the INTENSE LOW TONE HEIGH in Hallie’s ears. She stares at the mysterious, silent shape on screen. Unblinking. Straining to make sense of it. Until...
8) 27) dialog: We can read.
8) 34) dialog: That is the girl from "Carrie."
8) 37) dialog: Sounds like my Uncle Herbert. The girls snicker as Chloe continues.
8) 41) dialog: Here it is! (looks up) “How To Summon Slender Man." A devious smile creeps across Wren’s face.
8) 45) dialog: Seriously, this feels like clicking on something really Russian and malware-y.
8) 56) dialog: Very funny bitch. Knock it off. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 17. Now nervous laughter. Wren quickly shushes them. ON THE LAPTOP: We begin to hear the sound of trees creaki in the breeze. Wind rustling through branches. A moment later, very faintly...soft and far way... A BELL ECHOES IN THE FOREST. The girls look at each other.
8) 62) dialog: Yes.
9) 0) text: Katie looks slightly distracted as she sits with Hallie, Wren, and Chloe. But the girls don’t really see it. Hallie finds her gaze continually drawn a few rows over. where Tom sits. She quickly averts her eyes when he looks her direction.
10) 9) text: We see Hallie’s face. She stands right in front of Katie. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 22. Everything is back to normal. The angel stands silently outside the mausoleum.
14) 0) text: News about Katie's disappearance plays on the TV. Hallie watching with her family in the living room. As she live- texts with Wren and Chloe- Wren: This is unreal. Hallie: I know. Chloe: My mom asked if she was doing porn. Hallie: And I thought my parents were dumb. Hallie’s father turns up the TV volume now. She looks up. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 26.
16) 0) text: STUDENTS listen as a TEACHER drones on in the background. Hallie stares out the window. Searching. Trying to compre the grim fact that Katie is still missing. Then Hallie’s expression darkens. Something unsettling... HALLIE’S POV - Two police cars pull up in front of the school. THE OFFICERS hop out. There’s a short exchange an they head into the building. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 27. A murmur rolls through the classroom as other students ta notice.
18) 0) text: A locker slams open. Hallie quickly swaps books and folde Then she pauses, looking into the locker. A collage of pictures and clippings held in place by magn and tape. Stickered symbols and logos of her favorite ban And crowded in the center -- A PHOTO OF HALLIE AND KATIE TAKEN YEARS AGO. A silly middle-school moment. Sparkling smiles. A flash o innocence. Before they started taking themselves seriousl Before Katie went missing... A deep sadness fills Hallie’s eyes as she shuts her locke
19) 0) text: Blue and red lights reflect on the walls. Hallie watches her window as Katie's Father is gently placed in a POLICE CAR. Another text from Wren: No comment? U can clearly see him Outside, Hallie's Father is yelling at Katie's Father thr the police car window. Hallie's Mother is trying to restr her husband. Hallie starts to type: Katie's Father was here... But Hallie stops typing. She looks at Katie's Father distraught and crumpled over in the back seat of the crui She deletes her typing.
20) 0) text: Hallie passes out flyers asking for leads on Katie’s disappearance. She comes upon Wren and Chloe with A BUNCH OF OTHER KIDS. Hallie’s expression changes to nervous when she realizes is there. She avoids making eye contact. Tom is looking at Chloe’s phone.
23) 0) text: The doorknob turns on the back door. A slow CREAK as it opens. Wren pokes her head in. The house is silent except the low drone from the TV. Underneath it, we can hear Mr. Jensen snoring. Wren carefully steps inside. Hallie and Chloe slip in beh They move quietly into a dark hallway stretching out in f of them. As they pass the kitchen we see an OPEN PANTRY D In the shadows, we can just make out a cluttered table an chairs. The filthy sink is piled high with dishes. Wren looks back at them with a “Can-you-believe-how-cool- is?” smile. She pauses near an entryway table. A framed picture of Katie with her dad sits on top. Happier times. They peek into the living room. POV - Mr. Jensen lies on the couch, still snoring softly. Wren turns to Hallie and Chloe, gives them the hush sign continues. As she turns, Wren bumps the entryway table, knocking over the framed picture.
25) 0) text: Hallie, Wren and Chloe are gathered around Katie's laptop
26) 0) text: A lamp on the bedside table warms the room. Hallie lies b looks at her phone. The blue glow lights her face. - ON THE PHONE: Three circles turn to triangles, then squares. Hallie types “13”. A wrinkle of concern appears on her brow as she waits for page to load. We watch her scroll down the sparse web pag With a couple of taps, Katie’s video appears. Hallie presses play... - ON SCREEN: Katie’s face, staring into camera. The fores swirls around her as she winds her way through the trees. Hallie watches closer now. Waiting. And then a look of recognition in her eyes. Now we see what they saw before. Behind Katie...
26) 6) dialog: Hallie... Katie’s voice floats in on a gentle breeze from outside. EXT. HALLIE’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 51 Hallie steps out searching the darkness in the backyard. 52 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 55.
26) 7) dialog: (louder) Hallie. Hallie’s looks to the trees beyond and quickens her pace.
27) 2) dialog: Hallie... Hallie spins around. A chill running down her spine as sh searches the blackness all around her.
28) 0) text: Wren sits in her room staring at something opposite her b There’s a nervousness in her eyes. She focuses as the ner turn to determination. Across the room sitting on her desk, is Katie’s laptop. T little green power light blinking. Calling to her. Wren jumps from her bed. Wakes the computer. And types quickly. Before she loses the courage. - ON SCREEN: The small empty box on a black background waiting for the UNLUCKY NUMBER. She types it in. 13. - The list of names and dates load onto the page. The sam basic text, red and underlined. Wren pauses. - We scroll through and click on a link. The same link fr before. The one Katie posted. ON SCREEN: The video loads. That huge close-up of Katie's face. Eyes wide. Wren watches, listening to the leaves crunch under Katie’ feet as she meanders through the woods. We know what comes next...
65) 8) dialog: We live here now... Katie looks to the ceiling high above their heads.
65) 9) dialog: With Him... Here in the Absence... Katie looks directly at them.
65) 10) dialog: 
65) 19) dialog: HE’S HERE...