6) 0) text: Family dinner time. Meet Hallie’s MOTHER and FATHER, 40s. sister, LIZZIE, a sweet 14-year-old mirror image of Halli
6) 2) dialog: Did you tell them? Dolores Constantino quit the team... Hallie shoots Lizzie a look. HALLIE’S MOTHER Why?
6) 3) dialog: She's pregnant. Hallie continues to glare at Lizzie: “Why bring that up?” Their mother internally “Tsk tsks...”
6) 12) dialog: (making sure her parents don't hear) I wore the t-shirt you gave me to school. I got sent to the principal's office. 21 22 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 9.
14) 3) dialog: (interrupting) Was she on drugs? Hallie shoots her sister a look.
18) 22) dialog: I could stay home alone you know. I'm old enough.
18) 26) dialog: You should tell me what really happened to Katie. We never keep secrets from each other. PAUSE. Hallie hides the screen.
18) 28) dialog: It was a boy, right? You think I'll tell. I’d never tell.
18) 30) dialog: Not mom and dad.
18) 32) dialog: Maybe.
18) 34) dialog: So tell me! Hallie just gives an empty look.
18) 35) dialog: You don't know...do you? Lizzie watches her search for an answer, but there isn’t
18) 39) dialog: What is that-
18) 43) dialog: Someone’s here... Hallie motions for her to be quiet and moves into the hallway. Towards the dark void inside the utility room. Listens a moment. Still nothing. Her eyes darting from place to place in the hallway. Searching every corner. Checking every shadow. HALLIE’S CELLPHONE CHIMES. The sound sends a jolt through her body. She checks the screen... - It's that screenshot from Chloe’s phone. The man in the trees watching them. But clearer now. - The accompanying text, from Wren: “Auto-corrected for brightness on Chloe's computer!” She focuses her eyes back toward the utility room. A blac hole of darkness inside. She holds still as her eyes adju HALLIE’S POV OF THE UTILITY ROOM - Just a washing machine Cleaning products. An ironing board. Hallie continues past, slowly peeking around the corner. HALLIE’S POV - The corridor leads away from us, into the front of house. Still empty. Only the one slash of light cutting across hallway.
27) 16) dialog: What’s going on? Hallie’s breathing slowly returns as her family looks on. heart stops pounding. The fear fades from her eyes as she calms and finally takes a deep breath.
27) 18) dialog: Weirdo. Lizzie just does an about-face and disappears into the ha Hallie’s mother offers a hug. HALLIE’S MOTHER Are you okay?
34) 0) text: The front door opens and Hallie steps in. She pauses listening... The sound of the television filters in from the other roo Her family carries on a carefree conversation, but she ca make out the words. We see the exhaustion on Hallie’s face as she takes a dee breath and heads into the living room. INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM -- CONTINUOUS Her parents and Lizzie sit on the couch watching TV. She moves quickly, trying to pass by unnoticed...
35) 1) dialog: Hal? Lizzie peeks in. Hallie quickly pretends to be studying.
35) 2) dialog: Can I come in? Hallie puts on a smile for her little sister.
35) 3) dialog: Everything all right?
35) 5) dialog: Okay... Lizzie steps back out. Shuts the door behind her. 59 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 75. Hallie picks up her cell. Calls Chloe. Gets voice mail.
44) 0) text: Hallie makes final adjustments in the mirror. Tries to fo about her tiff with Wren. Determined that all is, and wil be, normal. INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM -- NIGHT 69 Hallie heads out. Past the dining room where her parents Lizzie eat. HALLIE’S MOTHER Not joining us for dinner?
53) 0) text: Hallie rushes away. Past the nurse’s station. Back to Lizzie's room... Her parents are gone. No doctors and nurses. We see distr on Hallie's face and then... SHE GASPS. LIZZIE’S BODY IS COVERED IN A WHITE SHEET! The hum from the lights fill our ears as Hallie slowly pa over to the bed. Hallie reaches towards the rigid body. Hands trembling. Slowly, she pulls back the white sheet and reveals a face
59) 0) text: Hallie wanders aimlessly like a lost child. Walking down hallway that feels like it stretches out forever. A round of laughter draws her attention to one of the roo Inside the room, a family jokes around, cheering up a lit girl in a hospital bed. All smiles as a nurse prepares th tiny patient for release. But the smiles bring sadness to Hallie’s eyes. She starts cry, the weight of everything crumbling around her. We can see the pain in Hallie’s eyes as we follow her aro the corner. Then we hear SHRIEKS from down the hallway. Hallie sees nurses hurrying towards a hospital room. RUSHING INTO LIZZIE’S ROOM! Hallie moves quicker now. Almost running as she reaches t door. Inside the room... IT IS LIZZIE SHRIEKING. OUT OF CONTROL. Hallie’s Mother and Father look up as Hallie steps into t room. We see the panic in their eyes. The tears. INT. LIZZIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM -- CONTINUOUS A DOCTOR stands over Lizzie reading her vital signs. He b orders at the NURSES who respond immediately. Efficient l a machine. Working in unison.
59) 5) dialog: (hisses) He didn’t have a face! TERROR WASHES OVER HALLIE WHEN SHE HEARS THE WORDS... And then Lizzie’s hand is ripped away. The hospital bed rolling towards the door.
59) 12) dialog: Now what do I do? - Wren looks into the camera.
68) 0) text: Lizzie sits at her computer. Designing a MISSING FLYER wi HALLIE’S PICTURE on it. We can see Lizzie has recovered from her mental episode. she’s definitely worse for wear. And then...
68) 2) dialog: Hallie? INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS 111 Lizzie moves down the hall. Still nobody there.
68) 4) dialog: Hallie? But nobody is there. Only the forest behind the house. A tear rolls down Lizzie’s cheek as she searches the endl trees. No Hallie. Just tangled branches. We can’t tell wh one ends and another begins... And then we hear something. Unmistakable... A BELL ECHOES IN THE FOREST. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 122. And off Lizzie’s SCREAM we...