23) 0) text: The doorknob turns on the back door. A slow CREAK as it opens. Wren pokes her head in. The house is silent except the low drone from the TV. Underneath it, we can hear Mr. Jensen snoring. Wren carefully steps inside. Hallie and Chloe slip in beh They move quietly into a dark hallway stretching out in f of them. As they pass the kitchen we see an OPEN PANTRY D In the shadows, we can just make out a cluttered table an chairs. The filthy sink is piled high with dishes. Wren looks back at them with a “Can-you-believe-how-cool- is?” smile. She pauses near an entryway table. A framed picture of Katie with her dad sits on top. Happier times. They peek into the living room. POV - Mr. Jensen lies on the couch, still snoring softly. Wren turns to Hallie and Chloe, gives them the hush sign continues. As she turns, Wren bumps the entryway table, knocking over the framed picture.
23) 2) dialog: Katie? The girls stand in silence, listening. Then as they slowl start to back away... A FLOORBOARD CREAKS UNDER THEIR FEET. Confused, Mr. Jensen turns toward the sound...
23) 6) dialog: Who’s there? The girls duck into the kitchen. One hiding place. The open pantry. They all try to pile in, but it’s too small. The girls ar in a frantic whisper. We hear Mr. Jensen’s heavy boots clunk on the hollow wood floor in the front of the house. Wren leaves them and backtracks into the hallway.
23) 7) dialog: (voice booming) Who’s there? Wren glances back. She sees Mr. Jensen’s shadow stretch out from the living onto the floor in the hallway. His footsteps approaching. Ten feet seem like a hundred as Wren turns to the back do Mr. Jensen, gun in hand, rounds the corner to the hallway WHERE WREN WAS JUST A SPLIT SECOND BEFORE. It’s empty. She’s gone. INSIDE THE PANTRY: Chloe and Hallie hear heavy measured footsteps moving closer. They hear Mr. Jensen step into t kitchen and stop just outside the pantry door. The girls hear the man’s heavy breaths. They're frozen. Trapped. The girls peer through the downw slats of the door as Mr. Jensen makes his way in. Oh shit...THEY SEE HIS GUN!!! Mr. Jensen scans the darkness in the kitchen. It’s diffic to make out much detail, but he can see it’s empty. INSIDE THE PANTRY: Chloe and Hallie hold perfectly still. breathing. Eyes wide. On that gun. Scared to death... MR. JENSEN FOCUSES ON THE PANTRY DOOR. Slowly... Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 46. INSIDE THE PANTRY: The girls see him raise the gun, as he steps towards them. They back up as far as they can from door. Now only his boots are visible. THE BOOTS STOP JUST OUTSIDE THE DOOR...
23) 11) dialog: Wren?
23) 13) dialog: What are you doing here?
23) 15) dialog: How? He stares at her with bloodshot eyes, the emotion buildin just under the surface.
23) 16) dialog: (hopeless) What can you do?
24) 5) dialog: .+.-you can see what they did. They took her stuff-- A bead of sweat rolls down Hallie’s forehead.