4) 0) text: WREN, 17, talks to her very PATIENT TEACHER having his sa lunch. Her carefully disheveled bob and retro-cool glasse lend her a unique and clever sense of style. High school posh with a Euro flair makes sure she sticks
4) 1) dialog: I've been thinking about my short story collection. I'm thinking maybe it's a novel. Wren looks at her phone. Sees the video link from Hallie. Watches and texts back: Groovy.
4) 2) dialog: Of course, when I'm published my mother will hire someone to kill me. There are things in there she doesn't know I know. Things her theater friends in Berlin told me. They were shocked and Berliners don't shock easily... Do you know the city? 17 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 5.
5) 0) text: KIDS hover in the hallway. Wren, Hallie and Katie come al Out of her gym clothes, Katie's look is edgier than the others. Buckled and worn leather boots and jeans. A scree printed heart with large black wings spread across her fa and ragged out t-shirt. They see CHLOE (17). Alert, pretty. She makes her way ove adjusting her sweater.
5) 4) dialog: It's YOUR life. We can only offer guidance.
5) 6) dialog: Just ahead, the Dude-Bro in his natural habitat. Let's observe, shall we? Hallie laughs at Wren's little remark as they skirt the e of the boys. But when her chuckle's over, Hallie looks ba and sees TOM (17). Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 6. He’s tall, clean cut, and flanked by “bro”-type buddies. his broad, sleepy-eyed smile and gentle disposition sets apart from the rest. Casually, he glances in Hallie’s direction. She thinks he’s hailing her. She opens her mouth to say "Hey" back. But embarrassingly it’s a false alarm. Hallie awkwardly covers her mistake b rubbing her nose. Wren observes all and shakes her head. To add to Hallie's embarrassment, Wren calls out...
5) 7) dialog: Hey Tom, what's the plan tonight? Tom smiles.
5) 10) dialog: Circle jerk? KYLE (17), slightly nerdy and definitely bookish, brings the rear. Not bad looking, but obviously the runt of the litter.
6) 11) dialog: How you doin' kid?
6) 13) dialog: Well done. Hallie shakes her head as she grabs her coat. Playfully tweaks Lizzie's braid before she and Wren head out. Lizzi left just standing there. Wishing she could go, too.
7) 0) text: Katie lets Hallie and Wren in.
8) 1) dialog: Seriously, I think you and Karl will make an adorable couple.
8) 3) dialog: Sure, sure. Like you don't wish you were there with him at their secret sausage fest right now.
8) 5) dialog: Do tell.
8) 7) dialog: (mockingly) Creepy. Hallie studies the others, not quite grasping the
8) 11) dialog: That’s a longer conversation... 10. situation. Hallie gives Wren the finger. Scopes her phone. Enters "Slender Man" in her search browser. FOOTSTEPS POUND THE FLOOR ABOVE THEM. It’s so loud they all flinch!! The girls sit frozen in place. Listening. Eyes following movement above. The light hanging over their heads sends dark shadows ove their eyes. Like they’re telling ghost stories by campfire. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) ll.
8) 12) dialog: (whispers) What the hell is he doing?
8) 17) dialog: I have friends in Paris. We could stay with them.
8) 19) dialog: My mom has friends there, idiot. WE HEAR MORE FOOTSTEPS CARRY THROUGH THE HOUSE. Katie looks to the ceiling.
8) 23) dialog: What the hell?! Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 13.
8) 25) dialog: What? The girls gather around now. Watching the same video of t burned library. Chloe reads from the screen, a haunting tone to her voice Getting into the moment.
8) 29) dialog: This made you scream?
8) 35) dialog: That is patently the girl from "Carrie." Hallie averts her eyes, embarrassed. Wren’s judgmental comment clearly directed at her. Katie scrolls through more links. Clicks on another... ON THE SCREEN: Disturbing images of a tall, shadowed figu Slide through frame. Always alone. Watching. Waiting. Sta without eyes. Just a pale white, blank face... ...Like it’s been erased. - A human-like depiction of a figure wearing a black suit blood red tie. Sickly pale skin covers a featureless face - The hideously thin form lurks in a dark forest, its impossibly long arms reaching towards us. - Black tentacles spread from the back of another tall figure. They twist around his body on all sides. Face bla like the others. Its elongated arms hanging at its sides. Katie grabs her laptop now. Chloe continues reading from phone. Wren looks at her cell, too.
8) 39) dialog: Really? Is he single? Chloe cracks this time. She can’t help but laugh. +e HF
8) 42) dialog: We have to do this.
8) 46) dialog: Don’t be such a pussy. Katie shoots her a look. Wren reaches in and clicks play on the laptop.
8) 52) dialog: Chloe! Shut up... The girls return to the image on the screen, silence ring in their ears. An anxious tension as they hold their collective breath. Listening... Waiting...
8) 53) dialog: 
8) 57) dialog: (devious) Let’s do it. They all close their eyes, giggling. But Chloe pauses, gu shy. Wren nudges her and she follows along. Then a silent moment. We hear the girls breathe, waiting in the electric glow f the screen. ON THE LAPTOP: A SECOND FAINT BELL RESONATES, carrying ou from somewhere deep in the darkened woods on screen. With her eyes still closed, Chloe lets out an awkward lau
8) 61) dialog: Do you guys hear that?
8) 65) dialog: What a stupid video... But Wren’s eyes give it away. She’s just as rattled and quickly clicks the lights on. The lone bulb above them wa away the darkness. The girls breathe easier now as they recover from the intense on-screen assault. Except for Katie. Who just sits there. Staring at the bla screen...
9) 0) text: Katie looks slightly distracted as she sits with Hallie, Wren, and Chloe. But the girls don’t really see it. Hallie finds her gaze continually drawn a few rows over. where Tom sits. She quickly averts her eyes when he looks her direction.
9) 5) dialog: Nothing really, just that video...
9) 8) dialog: Not really surprising. Hallie contemplates. Meanwhile, Katie continues to stare blankly out her window. Into the treeline.
10) 1) dialog: Why a cemetery? It’s hardly worth a field trip. I mean, it’s a goddamn cemetery? Large granite monuments, crumbling headstones form a crud skyline behind the gates of an old cemetery. Inside, a GROUP OF STUDENTS follow a TOUR GUIDE. Wren and girls amongst them.
11) 2) dialog: Yeah. I think.
11) 4) dialog: Weird? Wren looks at Hallie.
11) 5) dialog: Weird how? Hallie shrugs, shaking her head.
12) 4) dialog: Katie, cut this shit out. We're all prisoners ‘cause of you....
12) 6) dialog: It cut me off! Her mailbox is full.
12) 8) dialog: Oh, shit!!
13) 0) text: The tired sun dips behind the treeline. Slender shadows r across the graveyard, welcoming nightfall. POLICE talk to school officials, finally releasing kids t their waiting PARENTS. There are FLASHLIGHTS in the woods. A SEARCH PARTY. Chloe watches them moving behind the trees. The lights vanish and reappear as they hunt for any sign her missing friend. Under everything, like a whisper in t wind, we can hear the sound of the workers calling her na “Kaaaaatieee...” Wren judges the look on Chloe’s face.
13) 1) dialog: She just ditched. Trust me. She’1l still be there annoying us tomorrow. Chloe nods. The sentiment helps, but she’s not convinced. Hallie rummages through Katie's bag nearby. She stops and peeks inside. Reaches in and pulls out... AN OLD LIBRARY BOOK. The cover partially torn. Pages comi unbound. The title instantly strikes her: BARDO THODOL. The worn pages almost break and split, crackling as Halli flips through. Wren leans in to get a better look. A SERIES OF HAUNTING ILLUSTRATIONS FLASH BY... - Dark spirits and tortured souls. - Winged demons with razor sharp teeth. 32 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 25. - Phantoms amid a desolate landscape burning in the sun. - A man screams, flesh being ripped from his body.
13) 3) dialog: Hallie... Hallie's parents pull up, her mother waving from the wind
13) 4) dialog: I'll keep this shit for her.
14) 0) text: News about Katie's disappearance plays on the TV. Hallie watching with her family in the living room. As she live- texts with Wren and Chloe- Wren: This is unreal. Hallie: I know. Chloe: My mom asked if she was doing porn. Hallie: And I thought my parents were dumb. Hallie’s father turns up the TV volume now. She looks up. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 26.
17) 7) dialog: Me, Chloe and Hallie...
17) 9) dialog: Mr. Jensen was upstairs. Passed out on the couch. Again...
17) 13) dialog: Have you seen the boys at this school?
17) 18) dialog: But then her mom ran off with that yoga instructor.
17) 22) dialog: I mean seriously, who hasn't memorized the bus schedule outta this shithole... Tears form in Hallie’s eyes as her voice falters.
17) 27) dialog: No.
18) 2) dialog: What’d they ask you?
18) 10) dialog: Barf...I think I’m gonna throw up.
18) 13) dialog: What am I supposed to be seeing? Chloe takes a SCREENSHOT. Double-taps to ZOOM IN... We fix on a blur of unfocused confusion. Chloe adjusts th image until something slowly comes into view... Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 31. A_SHADOWED FIGURE.
18) 15) dialog: It’s a man, Moron. The words send a chill down their spines. The three girls just stare at the phone. THE HAUNTING IMAGE STARES BACK. Hallie’s nervous laugh breaks the spell.
18) 17) dialog: Hallie! It's a goddamn man, standing next to a goddamn cemetery in the woods, watching goddamn teenagers. That’s pretty GODDAMN creepy right there, don’t you think? Terrible possibilities flood the girls' minds. Hallie han the phone back to Chloe.
19) 0) text: Blue and red lights reflect on the walls. Hallie watches her window as Katie's Father is gently placed in a POLICE CAR. Another text from Wren: No comment? U can clearly see him Outside, Hallie's Father is yelling at Katie's Father thr the police car window. Hallie's Mother is trying to restr her husband. Hallie starts to type: Katie's Father was here... But Hallie stops typing. She looks at Katie's Father distraught and crumpled over in the back seat of the crui She deletes her typing.
20) 0) text: Hallie passes out flyers asking for leads on Katie’s disappearance. She comes upon Wren and Chloe with A BUNCH OF OTHER KIDS. Hallie’s expression changes to nervous when she realizes is there. She avoids making eye contact. Tom is looking at Chloe’s phone.
20) 4) dialog: Looks like something to me... Naturally, Wren directs the conversation back to herself- 4l Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 40.
20) 5) dialog: I mean... There are just things that can’t be explained.
21) 0) text: Hallie walks away. Wren and Chloe stalk after her.
21) 1) dialog: Why didn't you tell us about Katie's Father?
21) 5) dialog: (excited) Christ! She had that book in her bag! About phantoms and stuff... (beat) This could be the next wrinkle in the story...
21) 7) dialog: If this is all a game, then where's Katie? That stops Hallie in her tracks.
21) 8) dialog: We know things nobody else knows.
21) 10) dialog: We know that Katie was apparently taking this paranormal shit very seriously just before she disappeared. We know she watched that video.
21) 12) dialog: Maybe Slender Man came for her... Hallie scoffs.
21) 14) dialog: And not say goodbye? To any of us? A silent, but heavy beat. They all contemplate this for a long moment.
21) 15) dialog: When we watched that video, it did something to all of us. I felt it. 42 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 42.
21) 18) dialog: I didn’t say I saw it... I felt it. I think you did, too. I'm damn sure Katie felt it. And that's why she disappeared. Hallie makes a sound like a snort. Wren imitates it back.
21) 19) dialog: That's your comeback? We have to take this shit seriously! We have a responsibility here... Hallie looks conflicted.
22) 0) text: OMINOUS POV - As if something was watching through a twis thicket of trees. Hallie, Wren and Chloe stand under a st lamp. A dim pool of light cutting through the darkness.
22) 2) dialog: He’1ll be passed out by now.
22) 4) dialog: Just a quick look around. There’s gotta be something. A clue maybe-
22) 6) dialog: What’s the alternative? Do nothing... 43 44 45 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 43.
22) 8) dialog: (glances back) Told you... INT. KATIE’S LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT 44 We see them peek in from the darkness outside the window. Mr. Jensen is slouched on the couch. A sickly wash of lig blankets him from the television. His head rests to the s clutching a half empty bottle of cheap vodka. EXT. KATIE’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 45 Wren glances back at the other two with a slight grin. Chloe and Hallie see it in her eyes. “We’re doing this." 46 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 44,
23) 0) text: The doorknob turns on the back door. A slow CREAK as it opens. Wren pokes her head in. The house is silent except the low drone from the TV. Underneath it, we can hear Mr. Jensen snoring. Wren carefully steps inside. Hallie and Chloe slip in beh They move quietly into a dark hallway stretching out in f of them. As they pass the kitchen we see an OPEN PANTRY D In the shadows, we can just make out a cluttered table an chairs. The filthy sink is piled high with dishes. Wren looks back at them with a “Can-you-believe-how-cool- is?” smile. She pauses near an entryway table. A framed picture of Katie with her dad sits on top. Happier times. They peek into the living room. POV - Mr. Jensen lies on the couch, still snoring softly. Wren turns to Hallie and Chloe, gives them the hush sign continues. As she turns, Wren bumps the entryway table, knocking over the framed picture.
23) 12) dialog: Hi, Mr. Jensen. She glances briefly over Mr. Jensen’s shoulder. In the background, Hallie and Chloe quickly leave the pantry. He in the opposite direction. Hallie goes straight for the back door. But Chloe pulls h towards Katie’s room.
23) 14) dialog: I just wanted to see if there’s something I can do. If I can help in any way... Again, her eyes drift over his shoulder. OFF WREN’S LOOK, Mr. Jensen glances back just as the girl disappear into Katie’s room. All he sees is an empty hall 47 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 47. He turns back to Wren.
23) 17) dialog: I was hoping you'd tell me.
24) 6) dialog: (quickly) Mr. Jensen. Could I have a glass of water? Chloe and Hallie listen as the footsteps pause. They back away, retreating down the hallway. Their muffle words dissolve back into a garbled murmur. The two girls exhale, quickly returning to their search. Hallie opens Katie's closet. A confusion of clothes and shoes cover the floor. A few things still dangle from their hangers. Hallie shoves them aside, checking the wall inside.
25) 0) text: Hallie, Wren and Chloe are gathered around Katie's laptop
25) 1) dialog: Katie was using Tor? I didn't think she was techie enough for that. It's pretty basic, but still. This is like deep-web, dark-net-type shit.
25) 3) dialog: Among other things... Wren clicks on the web history in the browser. - A massive list populates. All strange headings. Devil worship, evil spirits, black magic, witchcraft.
25) 4) dialog: Here’s the last site she visited. - The untitled link is a string numbers separated by peri There is no “www.” or “.com”. She clicks it and a website appears. - No header. No splash page. Just a dark black background the center, a simple text box with A BLINKING CURSOR.
25) 7) dialog: She still likes Muse? Hallie shrugs. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 50. Wren tries the password. - The text box disappears and THREE RED CIRCLES materiali in its place...
25) 12) dialog: Octagon? Trapezoid? Hallie gives a little smirk.
25) 16) dialog: I didn't know you were a math geek. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 51.
25) 18) dialog: What am I looking at?
25) 23) dialog: It’s him... Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 52. Silence fill the room as the girls lean in closer. - At the end of a path, a man. His strange narrow frame sketched in moonlight filtering down from above. Barely visible, but definitely there. Arms the length of his bod extend towards us.
25) 26) dialog: AlleyKat93? Jeeze. They went back and forth like a hundred times... Wren expands the feed.
25) 28) dialog: (excited) It's like they're comparing experiences. All these places and dates. I wonder if they're all Slender Man sightings.
25) 30) dialog: What was that?
25) 32) dialog: What did you see?
28) 0) text: Wren sits in her room staring at something opposite her b There’s a nervousness in her eyes. She focuses as the ner turn to determination. Across the room sitting on her desk, is Katie’s laptop. T little green power light blinking. Calling to her. Wren jumps from her bed. Wakes the computer. And types quickly. Before she loses the courage. - ON SCREEN: The small empty box on a black background waiting for the UNLUCKY NUMBER. She types it in. 13. - The list of names and dates load onto the page. The sam basic text, red and underlined. Wren pauses. - We scroll through and click on a link. The same link fr before. The one Katie posted. ON SCREEN: The video loads. That huge close-up of Katie's face. Eyes wide. Wren watches, listening to the leaves crunch under Katie’ feet as she meanders through the woods. We know what comes next...
28) 2) dialog: I talked to her...
29) 0) text: Fueled by caffeine and nerves, Wren tries to download Hal and Chloe as fast as she can.
29) 2) dialog: "AlleyKat93." The girl Katie was talking to on that site. I went on there and sent her a message and she answered me!
29) 4) dialog: It doesn’t matter. Once you see him, you can't unsee him...
29) 6) dialog: Slender Man! She told me everything. He gets in your head. Like a virus.
29) 8) dialog: (emphatic) Like a virus on your computer. That infects your hard drive. Only it’s your brain!
29) 10) dialog: She said once the virus takes hold, he’s got you! Some he haunts. Some he drives mad. Others he takes. Like...
29) 12) dialog: Like Katie. a dubious look on Hallie’s face. Redoubles her
29) 13) dialog: I know it sounds crazy, but AlleyKat says we can UNVEIL OURSELVES. If we surrender something to him. Something that reveals our true selves...
29) 15) dialog: We can contact Slender Man. study Wren as the weight of what she’s proposing
29) 17) dialog: To get Katie back. Hello? She says that like it's the clincher.
29) 19) dialog: AlleyKat said Katie did it and the next day she was gone.
29) 22) dialog: She was always talking about running away... The girls digest.
29) 23) dialog: Look, even if the odds are a million to one any of this is real... That Slender Man has anything to do with Katie’s disappearance. We owe it to her to try. Hallie and Chloe consider this.
29) 25) dialog: Then we have to do this because we all got into this shit together. I mean Katie is our best friend. And we're the only ones who might be able to help her...
29) 27) dialog: Maybe... Who’s in? Wren says it like that's the final selling point.
30) 1) dialog: It has to be a true sacrifice. AlleyKat said it can’t just be anything. It has to be important to you. Something you love... Hallie steps over to her dresser, but instead opens the t drawer. She lifts out an old tattered white scarf. Red words are embroidered at one of the frayed ends... “From the same garden, different flowers bloom.”
31) 0) text: Wren walks along a quiet street. A lone street lamp over powers the moonlight. She follows the treeline, Hallie an Chloe a couple of steps behind. Their shadows stretch out before them as they plot a cour through the scrub brush. We watch as they make their way of the light and into the trees. We see a flashlight click on and watch as they disappear the darkness beyond.
32) 0) text: Tree limbs and branches crack and break the silence as th girls fight their way into the forest. Leaves crunch unde their feet. Each of their steps drum to a different, but steady beat. Wren’s torch forages the path ahead, rolling over fallen decomposing trees. Hallie and Chloe follow close behind. In the distance, we can make out a hint of light. A clear in the forest that allows moonlight to filter down. The girls emerge from a thicket of undergrowth, the flashlight searching the open area. Wren spotlights a massive stump of a tree that decomposed long ago. Bark falling down the sides. Rotten and jagged.
32) 1) dialog: This should work. The girls approach the makeshift altar. The light in Wren hand is the only relief from the darkness surrounding the Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 64. A dampened silence closes in as the girls form a circle around the tree stump. Wren reaches into her bag and pull out a CERAMIC MONSTROSITY.
32) 2) dialog: I made this in pottery class when I was five. It was supposed to be a coffee mug for my mother. She used it as an ashtray once. But I still always loved it, so it'll count. Wren sets it on the ground and grabs a rock. She smashes misshapen mug and gathers the pieces. She dumps the debri into a decayed opening in the center of the stump. She lo to Chloe to go next. Chloe holds up A PHOTO: A picture of man and a little gir
32) 5) dialog: (snarky) I thought you'd bring one of your trophies. Or medals... Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 65.
32) 7) dialog: (calling out) This is our unveiling. We surrender these items so that we may reveal our true selves.
32) 9) dialog: (looks at the others) Lights out. Wren clicks off her flashlight. The moonlight now sketches their outlines against the darkened forest. Wren steps over and blindfolds Hallie with a necktie. The Chloe. She's about to blindfold herself when she catches Hallie and Chloe peeking.
32) 10) dialog: AlleyKat said not to look at him. When we ask for Katie’s return, we have to keep our blindfolds on...
32) 13) dialog: Fine. Let’s all just leave. Forget it. If you don’t want Katie back...
32) 16) dialog: As long as it takes.
32) 18) dialog: You haven't given it any time yet.
32) 21) dialog: Come on! They're all quiet again. Crickets continue to chirp. Leav continue to rustle... UNTIL SUDDENLY THE WIND STOPS! AND THE WOODS AROUND THEM. CRICKETS STOP CHIRPING. THE LEAVES STOP RUSTLING. Freaked out, Chloe reaches for her blindfold. Wren senses
32) 22) dialog: Keep your blindfolds on! Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 67. The girl’s heads turn blindly toward each other in the inexplicable quiet. A moment later, soft and far way...floating on a gentle breeze... A BELL ECHOES IN THE FOREST.
32) 25) dialog: Shhh! Then like a tiny whisper...a blanketed sound...
32) 31) dialog: It’s too late... Hallie and Chloe both reach towards their blindfolds, pul away. But Wren tightens her grip on their hands.
32) 32) dialog: Leave your blindfolds on! It’s started. We have to keep them on!!! THEN A SILENCE LOUDER THAN BEFORE... A stillness...as if the forest were frozen in time...the absence of sound exploding in the girls’ ears. And then they hear it again! Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 68.
32) 36) dialog: Keep the blindfolds on!! But Chloe finally can’t take it anymore. She lowers her blindfold just enough to see SOMETHING! Suddenly her face goes white and...
32) 41) dialog: No!! Chloe!!! Come back! Wren grabs the flashlight and flicks it on. The beam spla across a wall of trees as they run towards the edge of th clearing. - PICK UP ON CHLOE DEEP IN THE WOODS. She runs for her life, racing past low-hanging branches t snap at her legs.
32) 42) text: The two weave through the trees, the flashlight leading t way. The underbrush snags on their clothes like thin litt fingers. Tiny grabbing hands. Wren steps past a tree and cuts left as Hallie wrestles w one of the branches trying to keep up.
32) 46) text: Wren rushes along searching frantically. THEN SHE HEARS CHLOE’S SCREAM ECHO THROUGH THE FOREST. She circles back with the flashlight.
32) 52) dialog: (into phone) Yes?
32) 56) dialog: I don't know. She just started running. Like something spooked her. I told that stupid bitch to keep her blindfold on!
32) 58) dialog: I’m not sure. Hallie calls through the trees. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 71.
32) 60) dialog: Chloe?!! Their voices bounce around the forest and fades away. Then silence returns to our ears. That same absence of so No crickets chirping. No wind rustling the leaves.
32) 63) dialog: What is that?
32) 71) dialog: Jesus, Chloe! You scared us to death! Where’d you go?
32) 74) dialog: Forget about your Goddamn shoe! Then an awed look on Wren's face. She shines the flashlight on Chloe’s face. Pupils open so wide we can barely see the color of her eyes.
32) 75) dialog: You saw him...
33) 3) dialog: What happened? No response.
33) 4) dialog: I told you not to take off your blindfold. Did you see him? Finally, Chloe answers. 57 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 73.
33) 6) dialog: Something happened! Obviously. You're lying. Why are you lying? Chloe continues on. Tired of Wren's badgering.
33) 8) dialog: She's lying and she knows it. Look at her. Something happened back there!
33) 10) dialog: I gotta go. Wren walks off. Hallie and Chloe trudge on. Hallie can see Chloe's still upset. Distracted. A million miles away...
38) 3) dialog: (whispers) She’s fine. Just a cold... Tom nods and focuses back on his notebook. Wren locks eyes with Hallie. Gives her a “Get your shit together!” look. 63 Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 78.
40) 0) text: A blanket of silence surrounds us. Wren sits quietly typing at one of the library computers. - ON THE SCREEN: Search results for “paranormal research studies”. A list populates and we scroll through. Wren spots an entry and writes down a call number. PN350.
41) 0) text: Books line the shelves deep in the stacks of the library. Cherry Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 80. Wren travels down an empty aisle, fingers trailing along books. It’s so quiet we can hear her fingers drag across spines. We can hear each footstep pad softly on the carpe Various titles slide by. She stops at the end of the aisl and pulls one of the books. BIOELECTRIC SYSTEMS AND THE PARANORMAL. The binding groans as it opens. Hasn’t been touched in ye Concentration on her face, as she flips through the pages A faint sound breaks the silence. CREAK-CREAK-CREAK-CREAK Wren listens as the sound grows louder. Repeating faster. Then through the books, we see MOVEMENT ON THE OTHER SIDE Wren watches as the movement reaches her end of the aisle Now, only a few feet away. About to round the corner when A LIBRARIAN’S CART COMES INTO VIEW. One last CREAK and it stops. The LIBRARIAN grabs a book and slides it back onto a shel Then he grabs the cart and wheels it away. Silence again as Wren focuses back on the book. Then a realization on her face as she skims the pages. She pulls phone from her pocket and quickly dials a number. We listen with her as it rings... Then a soft click. But no answer.
41) 1) dialog: (whispering) Hello? Chloe...? Then a strange sound nearby. BZZZZ2Z2Z2T... Wren looks down the aisle to a bank of fluorescent lights flickering in the far corner. The buzzing grows louder as they struggle to stay lit. WREN’S POV - BZZZT! The light shorts out. A single spark falls from the fixture. Confusion on Wren’s face as she watches the tiny spark fl to the floor and snuff out on the carpet. Wren turns to where the Librarian was just moments ago. Cherry Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 81.
41) 2) dialog: (calling out) Hey, the lights are-
41) 15) dialog: Help!! No answer. Her voice just carries out into darkness as sh races past the books.
42) 0) text: Hallie is on her way to track practice. Wren marches up. Obviously distraught.
42) 1) dialog: You didn't get my messages?
42) 3) dialog: Okay... Please, just listen to me. I ran all the way here. Wren hands are TREMBLING. Hallie's never seen her like th
42) 4) dialog: I understand now. Hallie looks around. Not wanting to draw attention.
42) 5) dialog: What AlleyKat was trying to tell me...it’s proof! Wren shows Hallie the book from the library. She opens it a marked page. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 84.
42) 6) dialog: Paranormal contact with bioelectric systems often result in a SYMBIOTIC RELATIONSHIP. The effects on host organisms have been well documented and manifest in various forms... personality change, bizarre behavior, mental illness, psychosis, loss of contact with reality, hallucination, self mutilation, suicide, and NONSPECIFIC DISSOLUTION. (looks at Hallie) They just disappear. People start to look their way.
42) 8) dialog: It’s exactly like AlleyKat said. When you contact him, it becomes part of you. Like a virus. But one you can’t get rid of! Wren tries to catch her breath.
42) 9) dialog: Has anything weird happened to you? Anything strange? Hallie hesitates. Wren sees it.
42) 10) dialog: Do not hold out on me bitch...
42) 12) dialog: (negative) Tom?
42) 14) dialog: 
42) 18) dialog: It was him. Hallie protests.
42) 20) dialog: (please...) It was him! (beat) What about Chloe? Have you talked to her?
42) 22) dialog: We need to go see her right now... Hallie looks around.
42) 24) dialog: (quote fingers) I thought you didn’t care about track? With that Wren walks off. But tosses back for good measur
42) 25) dialog: Call me when you grow a conscience. Gauntlet thrown. Hallie thinks for a beat. Makes a decision... 66 EXT. CHLOE’S HOUSE -- DAY 66 Near dusk. Hallie and Wren stand across from Chloe’s hous Hallie pulls out her cell. Calls Chloe again. No answer. texts her. No response. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 86.
42) 26) dialog: Chloe hasn’t answered a single text or call. You know that’s not like her. Something’s definitely up. We gotta talk to her...
42) 28) dialog: Duh! That’s why we gotta go around the side. Knock on her window, moron... Hallie nods “Okay”. And the two move toward the house. As quietly as possible, they duck down beneath the living room window. Peek in to see: Chloe's Mother sitting on a in a dim den. Her shoulders slumped in a wreath of cigare smoke. They move on to Chloe’s room now. Wren cups her hands ove her eyes to see better. But no luck. She shakes her head. Can’t see anything. Until...
43) 0) text: The sun is nearly down. A shaken Wren and Hallie regroup the block.
43) 1) dialog: Did you see that? She looked right through us! Like we weren’t there... Hallie did see. Tries to make sense of it all...
43) 2) dialog: She saw him! In the woods. I knew it... SUDDENLY, HALLIE'S PHONE RINGS. They both stop in their tracks. Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 87.
43) 9) dialog: Chloe? Who? No response.
43) 10) dialog: Chloe, are you there? Chloe mumbles again. As the girls strain to hear..
43) 12) dialog: What does he want? (beat) Chloe...Chloe are you there? Silence. Then we hear Chloe crying. Blue Rev. (06/09/16)
43) 16) dialog: I don't either! But I'm stuck in it. You're stuck in it, too. You just don't know it yet.
43) 18) dialog: What we started. Hello? Hallie crosses her arms.
43) 19) dialog: Don't look at me like that. I'm not doing a "thing."
43) 21) dialog: And don't say "All right” like that to me. This is real Goddamnit!
43) 23) dialog: It’s not a game. Don’t you get it? (beat) We only saw the website video. But Chloe... She saw HIM in the woods! Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 89.
43) 25) dialog: She said what exactly? Hallie’s truly reached her limit.
43) 27) dialog: You think I created this situation?
43) 29) dialog: Read the book I showed you. You’1ll see the body count. Thousands of disappearances. Search parties... Faces on milk cartons... I’m not making this shit up. It all happened EXACTLY like AlleyKat said...
43) 31) dialog: It was all hearsay then. Just talk. But now it’s not just her saying it. It’s right there in black and white. And Alleykat knows first hand...
43) 33) dialog: You think you can just go back to real life?!
43) 35) dialog: You heard what Chloe said! He’s not going to stop! And going on a date with Abercrombie Tom can’t change that! Hallie almost turns around. But instead throws her arm up the air. Flips Wren off.
43) 36) dialog: You know I’m right!! But Hallie just walks away...
44) 0) text: Hallie makes final adjustments in the mirror. Tries to fo about her tiff with Wren. Determined that all is, and wil be, normal. INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM -- NIGHT 69 Hallie heads out. Past the dining room where her parents Lizzie eat. HALLIE’S MOTHER Not joining us for dinner?
49) 0) text: An EYE stares up at us from a metal tray. A COW’S EYE. Biology class. STUDENTS are lined up at different tables cow eyes in front of them. SCALPELS AND SCISSORS in hand. Hallie sees Wren. Who looks the other way. Then sees Chlo two tables over silently staring out the window. The scal hanging from her hand.
50) 0) text: PARAMEDICS wheel Chloe to an ambulance. With tears streaming down, Hallie and Wren watch Chloe disappear behind the ambulance doors. For a moment, Tom stands behind them. We see the fear on face. Then he slowly slips away behind the gathering crow Wren and Hallie lock eyes. The nightmare is only getting worse...
50) 1) dialog: I told you... (crying hysterically) I told you and you wouldn’t believe me. Hallie just stands there, shaking. Tears pour from her ey as the ambulance’s lights and siren slowly fade away.
55) 0) text: Hallie enters, distant and distracted. Her Biology Teache welcomes everyone back. With a heavy heart. Hallie sees Wren. An emotional, loaded beat. Then notices Tom is absent. We can see the anxiety flickering inside. She grabs her p and texts him... Hallie: Where are you? She stares at the screen. No message back. Hallie is abou message him again when...
57) 0) text: Wren and her classmates just stand there, shocked and confused. Staring out the windows. Hallie charges past. Rushes out of the room.
59) 13) dialog: Just sacrifice something you love. - The video ends. Hallie stares at the dead black screen. Horror on her fac +e HF
59) 15) dialog: I'm sorry... Hallie jumps, the unexpected voice spinning her around. Wren stands in the doorway, afraid to enter the room. Tea stream down from the dark circles under her eyes.
59) 17) dialog: It was before I knew what would happen... Wren’s voice breaks, the tears fight against the words. HALLIE’S HORROR QUICKLY TURNS TO ANGER.
59) 19) dialog: I didn’t know, I swear. But I think I found a way- Hallie steps to Wren. Full of rage. About to hit her...
59) 20) dialog: (yells) I came over here because I found something that might stop this!! Hallie stops herself. Just barely.
59) 21) dialog: See for yourself! Wren scrambles to the computer. Hallie just stares at her unconvinced. Suspicious.
59) 22) dialog: I went through my conversations with AlleyKat... Wren scrolls to AlleyKat’s last entry. Just random number ON THE SCREEN: “32.903852, -79.988029”
59) 23) dialog: And then look... She clicks on another feed. And another. And another. Hal watches Wren frantically navigate the site.
59) 28) dialog: No!! It’s these numbers... ON THE SCREEN: We click through a series of conversations People asking for help. “How do you stop Slender Man!!?” the last entry of each feed... “%32.903852, -79.988029” The anger slowly melts away as Hallie sees each new feed.
59) 29) dialog: Then I saw this. ON THE SCREEN: Wren opens a feed from Katie to AlleyKat. Desperately, pleading for help. And AlleyKat’s final entr %32.903852, -79.988029” Wren looks back at Hallie.
59) 30) dialog: So I searched it... ON THE SCREEN: Wren searches the random set of numbers in web browser. A MAP POPS UP!! A spot in the middle of nowh
59) 31) dialog: They aren’t random numbers. They’re coordinates... ON THE SCREEN: Wren zooms all the way in on the map. It zeroes in on a spot in the middle of nowhere. In the wood - A TAGGED LOCATION APPEARS ON THE MAP... “SLENDER MAN’S MANSION” - IT’S JUST A DISTORTED ARRAY OF PIXELS. TREES CLUSTER AR WHAT LOOKS LIKE A STRUCTURE. BUT IT’S IMPOSSIBLE TO TELL.
59) 32) dialog: We need to go there.
59) 34) dialog: What if it’s not? What if there’s a way to save Lizzie. To save all of us. Maybe even Katie. We can take my mom’s car.
59) 37) dialog: What choice do we have!!? Hallie just stares at the screen. We see something surfac her eyes. A sliver of hope.
60) 0) text: The city lights are left behind as they speed down an emp highway. A darkening landscape rolls by as they descend i a sleepy rural area. Wren glances at Hallie. Treading lightly. Tension in air. Hallie doesn’t make eye contact. The anger is still there
62) 0) text: The girls focus on Wren’s phone. A destination is mapped on the screen. It straight ahead. Past the dead end.
63) 1) dialog: It’s through there... Their gaze drifts to the darkness ahead as the wind swell the trees. Leaves rustle on the swaying branches.
63) 4) dialog: (calling out) Hey!!
64) 2) dialog: Goddamnit. Where is she? THEN MOVEMENT UP AHEAD. THE GIRL APPEARS IN THE DISTANCE.
64) 3) dialog: Hey, wait! Wren’s voice echoes through the forest as they chase afte her. Their flashlights sweep through the darkness.
64) 4) dialog: Come back!! The light from their phones leads them to a dark path in forest. The path widens towards something hidden in darkn A GIANT GNARLED OAK TREE. Hallie and Wren walk towards the tree, searching. As they move closer, something materializes under its branches.
65) 0) text: The door creaks open in the darkness. Hallie and Wren ste inside, their phones lighting the way.
65) 1) dialog: Katie... Her voice bounces of the walls and fades away. No respons Only the floorboards creaking under the girls’ feet. THEN A TINY LAUGH SHATTERS THE SILENCE. They spotlight the center of a large open room... AND THE GIRL IS STANDING THERE. FACING AWAY FROM US.
65) 5) dialog: (to Katie) C'mon. Let’s go... Wren grabs Katie’s hand, but she violently pulls away. Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 116.
65) 13) dialog: Let’s go, goddamnit!! The girls grabs Katie’s hands, but she won’t move. It’s l she’s carved in stone. Her body stiff and rigid. THEN A HAUNTING SOUND FILLS THEIR EARS. A BELL, ECHOES OUTSIDE. IT FILTERS THROUGH THE WALLS.
65) 24) dialog: Hallie!! Run!!!
66) 0) text: The front door slams open. Hallie bursts through the door Wren’s right behind her. As they race into the trees, Hal glances back...
67) 2) text: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 118. Hallie turns and sees Wren just as she emerges. They run each other, distancing themselves from the sound of branc breaking. Trees snapping. Up ahead, the moonlight sketches an outline of the horizo The girls see it through the trees.
67) 15) dialog: This way! They turn, race towards nothing. Branches slashing at the bodies as they charge through. The girls look for cover. Find it behind a tree. Out of breath. Lungs burning.
67) 17) dialog: No...
67) 20) dialog: You go, Hallie... A sudden calm’s come over her.
67) 21) dialog: I can buy you time. Hallie looks at Wren in disbelief.
67) 22) dialog: I screwed up. I never should have shown Lizzie. All of this has been my fault.
67) 24) dialog: Run Hallie! Goddamnit!! RUN!!!