0) 6) dialog: The kid I mean. Unless you’re the one checking in. Jared and Nancy, side by side at the reception desk, sign clipboard document. Aaron stands erect with his authority inside the booth. He too wears khakis and a white shirt, along with a blue tie and a name badge. He sizes Jared up
0) 7) dialog: Let’s get you checked in properly Jared. Wanna say your good-byes? He comes out from the door of his reception booth.
0) 9) dialog: Afraid you won't be allowed beyond the reception area Missus Eamons. You can pick him up at five P.M. On Nancy, uncertain --
0) 12) dialog: We'll be holding his cell-phone. If there are any emergencies we will contact you. Otherwise, five P.M. Aaron punches a code into the door and the door mechanism releases with a mechanical buzz. Jared and Aaron pass through the secure door to a hallway leaving Nancy waving nervously goodbye.
1) 0) text: Jared walks ahead as Aaron follows him. When Jared turns, blank expression on Aaron’s face troubles him a little.
1) 1) dialog: Door on the right. They stop in front of the third door and Aaron knocks. So A tall, skinny blonde man (Michael, 24) answers the door. shark grey, piercing eyes are almost permanently set ina judgmental frown, giving him a mean-streak air.
1) 2) dialog: Newbie. Eamons.
2) 0) text: Michael picks through Jared’s possessions, scrutinizing e thing placed down: coins; cash; gum; a plastic hotel key- card; the bag containing the book, and; his wallet. He starts going through the wallet, while throwing the g the trash. Jared reacts. Jared holds out his cell phone unsure who to give it to. Aaron takes it from Jared and puts it with the pile.
2) 9) text: You have to start getting a better memory. Trust is one of the key words around here. No journaling. We'll need to read this. Again, for any false imaging. (to Aaron) It’s almost nine. -
29) 0) text: Jared and the gang all ride the short bus. Brandon and Sy flank the aisles near the front. Aaron drives. We are not sure where they are headed. Jared turns for a moment and looks down the aisle - perhaps to see Jon.
30) 0) text: The whole group are in a line. Brandon moves along spread the guys’ stances wider, and correcting posture while Syk and Aaron and the girls sit on the concrete bleaches.
35) 0) text: Feet hit gravel. Jared and the new group run in a somewha military formation with Brandon as their commander. Aaron follows them driving the short bus.
37) 0) text: The words “Fake it till you Make it” written on the board Then - Sykes steps into frame, perusing - The bewildered faces of the group staring back. SYKES O.S. Moral Inventory. (beat) Now the real work starts. Catalogue your sins and ask God’s forgiveness for your wrongs. Sarah -- Sarah hesitates to get out of her chair. She finally does passes Aaron who is setting a video camera on a tripod. H secondary task here seems to record significant events.
49) 0) text: Gary goes through the process of reading his Moral Invent He has tears streaming his face. To the side - Aaron is filming with his small mounted camera.
70) 0) text: Tight on Aaron’s video camera. Its red light on. Recordin Phillip sits crying while Aaron films him. The faces of Jared and others as they react to the LIE CH exercise and catharsis. Cameron bites his nails.
89) 0) text: There is trash bag in the center of the room and, from it the members of the group are trying on black and dark-blu blazer coats as instructed by Michael and Aaron.