28) 3) dialog: Thanks Sykes. Mighty kind of you and... God bless. (beat) A ‘real man’ to me is a man of God first and foremost. I’m a man of God no doubt. But, I wasn’t once. If I was ever listed on my own son's Genograms - God forbid I was and that he were here - In that comment we see not just Brandon’s thinly veiled disgust for homosexuality 34.
28) 4) dialog: - But if I was: Drugs. Violence. Prison time. Gang crime... I'd have so many letters next to my name, it would look like qualifications from some university. (pause for effect) And I actually believe that to be true. I’m qualified to be here, not Maybe because I have ever had the kinds of thoughts and feelings that y'all are wrestling with. Or that your other guidance counselors have overcome. There is the disgust again. PLUS it dawns on Jared that m of the staff may be ex-gay. He steals a look at Sykes.
28) 5) dialog: But I’ve had all sorts of my own trials that took me so far from the Lord, it is a true miracle that I am standing here before you. But I am.
29) 0) text: Jared and the gang all ride the short bus. Brandon and Sy flank the aisles near the front. Aaron drives. We are not sure where they are headed. Jared turns for a moment and looks down the aisle - perhaps to see Jon.
30) 0) text: The whole group are in a line. Brandon moves along spread the guys’ stances wider, and correcting posture while Syk and Aaron and the girls sit on the concrete bleaches.
30) 1) dialog: Standing. Leaning. Sitting. It’s all the same idea. Triangles are the strongest shape. This. (he shows a wide stance) Not this. (a narrow one) Okay, hand or hands on hips. Go. Brandon claps and each boy/man lifts their hands to hips their own manner. It’s a drill they’re being subjected to 35.
30) 2) dialog: (to what he sees) Fingers forward not backwards S'just the way it is. Elbows out. Not back. S’just the way it is. Triangles. Triangles. Sykes watches with his hands on his hips. Not exactly the picture of manliness, he adjusts his own elbows out a lit
30) 3) dialog: Think of the shapes you are making and ask yourself... ‘Is this a manly shape I am making?’ Or, ‘is this a girly or a feminine shape?’ On Sarah frowning. She is sitting this one out. But she’l serve another purpose.
30) 4) dialog: Sarah? I want you to arrange these guys in a line in terms of masculinity if you will. Least to most. Jared and the others look around, wondering where they mi fall on the line. Sarah tentatively starts in on the task
30) 5) dialog: Myself, and other alcoholics and addicts put their faith in AA. Get familiar with this phrase - (beat) ‘Fake it until you make it.’ Sarah struggles in deciding who is on what side of the MA evolutionary chain of L.I.A.
30) 7) dialog: Perrrr-etty good. Brandon moves to face Cameron, who stands at least five inches taller than him. He reads his ‘sticker’ name tag.
30) 8) dialog: So. You think ‘Cameron’ here wins? (beat) You think being big and tall and overeating immediately just puts a guy at the front of the line? Brandon lets it hang then moves away addressing the group Cameron, relieved to have Brandon out of his personal spa
30) 9) dialog: In prison I knew men who could shop at Gap for Kids, by that I mean little guys, who were pound for pound tougher than any linebacker. Swear to the mighty Lord. (aside) Now, Jesus was a tough dude. Don’t get me started on that. He looks up at Cameron. Tries to make eye contact.
30) 10) dialog: It’s more than triangles and posture and genetics. He offers to shake Cameron’s hand, to which Cameron offer ‘limp’ shake. Brandon casts it aside with disgust.
30) 11) dialog: Firm handshakes. Eye contact. Not too much. Looking at women at the right times. The wrong times too. Meanwhile he pushes Cameron fourth down the line.
30) 12) dialog: No offense son. All a process. Fake it. Make it. Jon now takes the prize of ‘manliest.’ Brandon offers a h shake. Jon wants to... but he’s on his ‘no-touch’ promise After a tense pause, he offers one of his salutes.
30) 13) dialog: Military man. G’bless son (MORE )
30) 15) dialog: EXT. BASEBALL BATTING CAGE — DAY Jared and the others line up outside of a batting cage fe We hear the ball being shot out and the grunt of -
30) 17) dialog: Who you are on the inside can be affected by the outside. Next. Lee look bewildered, realizing it’s time to step up to th plate. Simon hands Lee the helmet.
30) 18) dialog: Outside in. Fake it till you make it. Adapt to survive. Lee enters as Brandon slides another coin into the slot. There is a terrible anticipation and the first ball comes SHOOTING out. Lee startles.
30) 19) dialog: And you kids and folk, being what you are afflicted with -- Lee spins disoriented by the second. Then the third makes awful body contact, tilting the helmet from Lee.
30) 20) dialog: - better learn how to survive. Become the man you are not. Jared sees Brandon smirk, amused, and unwilling to turn o the machine. Lee is swamped and scared. Gary goes in to h
30) 21) dialog: When you are in a prison, you would surprise yourself -- On Jared absorbing all this as we hear - METALLIC NOISES. GUNS in fact. Guns being loaded. CHK.CHK Magazines being locked. CHK. Firing bolts being racked.
31) 0) text: An array of HUNTING RIFLES placed on the flatbed tray. Th are four in total, laying side by side. 37A. BRANDON O.S. What you can do to fit in (MORE )
35) 0) text: Feet hit gravel. Jared and the new group run in a somewha military formation with Brandon as their commander. Aaron follows them driving the short bus.
36) 0) text: Jared brushes his teeth - his shirt is off. He examines a bruise on the back of his shoulder: a baseball strike? Bu enjoys the wound, like a new sense of his manhood. Then - he catches himself with one hand on his hip. He cl down on the tooth brush and stands ala Brandon: two hands hip; hand back; legs wide - proudly faking it. Soon Nancy joins and they both brush side by side.
73) 0) text: Jared steps up to pee. Unbuttoning, he sees a shape pass high window. Curious, he hoists himself up, and can see - Sykes, alone and in the magical afternoon light staring a the tree line. Hands on his hips. Jared immediately wonde about him. Then the door swings open and Jared steps down BRANDON O.S. You're meant to attend bathroom breaks with a staff member. Brandon eyes him cautiously, and Jared goes to exit --
73) 1) dialog: What, you not gonna pee now? Jared realizes his mistake. Looks at his unbuttoned pants
73) 2) dialog: Or were you gonna do something solo? That’s why they make the rules. Jared turns back to pee. It’s a fearful stop-start pee.
73) 3) dialog: Sounds like Morse code. You sending me a message, faggot? Finished, Jared goes to walk out. Brandon turns on the ta for him to wash. He complies. Now Brandon gets awful clos and hands him a paper towel.
73) 4) dialog: I do not get you guys at all. Too much mothering and not enough fathering. I can’t be both for you. Finally Jared is allowed to leave. INT. NANCY'S CAR — DAY Jared rides back from L.I.A. deep in his head. Nancy driv wondering if she should respect the silence or probe --
111) 0) text: Jared's way to the exit is blocked by Brandon Behind Jared are the other group members, all help or comment in any way. It’s a stand off: side, blocking the exit. Clients on the other