3) 3) dialog: ‘Hygiene. Men to shave facial hair, and women to remove underarm and leg hair daily.’ Toilette der Esther - Théodore Chassériau, depicting an immoral woman with outstretched arms. No hair visible. CREDITS continue as we move to LEE. Lee is the SLIM BOY w peeked at Jared in hall. Well: Lee is actually gender flu Non-Binary. Most people, in fact, would have a hard time being certain of Lee’s gender. Lee’s voice is no guide ei way. It is soft and intelligent.
27) 0) text: CLOSE ON JARED’S GENOGRAM. It now has a handful of ‘A’s a and ‘Dm’ in both grandparents lines. And a new BOLD addition... UNCLE VICTOR -- ‘H.’ (Homosexuality) SYKES O.S. What defines a ‘real’ man? Close on Cameron’s child-like drawing of his dad: Brutish 33. SYKES O.S. (CONT’D) Perhaps being close to the flames of hell and finding your way back forges a great strength -- Jared and the others pin their work to the back wall. Fro his position near the big open door, Jared can see the fe line outside: A big black Chevy pickup parks outside.
70) 0) text: Tight on Aaron’s video camera. Its red light on. Recordin Phillip sits crying while Aaron films him. The faces of Jared and others as they react to the LIE CH exercise and catharsis. Cameron bites his nails.
72) 0) text: Cameron is in the chair now. He is doing the Lie Chair exercise. Cameron reads from a piece of paper --
72) 1) dialog: You wronged me dad and I hate you -- 66A. It’s so quiet that everyone has to lean in to hear him. Aaron, behind the camera, gestures to Sykes: ‘volume’ 67.
72) 3) dialog: - hate you for the way you have treated me since you found out about my problems.
72) 7) dialog: Found out about my sins.
72) 9) dialog: (trying, still soft) -- I hate you because you never listen to me, or acknowledge me. Or if you do acknowledge me it’s to make fun of me --
72) 11) dialog: -- in front of other people, or - You just yell at me -- Sykes decides to let Cameron work at his own volume. CAMERON (CONT’D) When you told me you wished I hadn’t been born, that really hurt. Cameron stops reading from his notes. He looks at Sykes. 67A.
72) 17) dialog: Um. Sorry. Cameron looks around like he has made a mistake. He retre into apologies, and starts to pick up what he’s broken.
72) 19) dialog: I’m sorry. That’s just how I express my anger so --
90) 0) text: The room is now cast in darkness, the windows blacked out Candles flicker and dim lamps otherwise illuminate the ro The centerpiece is the casket. Slivers of sun infiltrate. Jared, Simon, Jon, Carl... all are in attendance. Jared looks across to a handful of NEW PEOPLE: CAMERON’S FAMILY and CLOSE FRIENDS: An OLDER BROTHER and SISTER. An TWO YOUNGER SIBLINGS. The two younger ones are confused a are teary-eyed. CAMERON’S MOTHER also attends along with Cameron’s LOCAL MINISTER (the balding man we saw earlier. Plus a couple of FOOTBALL TEAMMATES, along with their COA 84a. Sykes enters. He gestures for everyone to stand. He grabs chair and sets it down beside the casket, facing the grou 85.
91) 0) text: Seen, through Jared's P.O.V.: A suburban house with all d removed and closed circuit surveillance cameras in the co of EACH ROOM. HE notices, as they pass - 86A. The ONLY DOOR in the house. It has two PADLOCKS securing 87. INT. NEW HOPE HOUSE, BATHROOM -— DAY Jared watches through the crowd as Cameron is placed in t basic shower bath-tub of the small bathroom. There he is baptized with his father and mother close, encouraged by Rev. Neil to place their hands on him. His big body shudders and his strong arms reach out for t water. Like a massive baby. Full surrender. Jared watches mute. The only thing that makes this even remotely bearable is Cameron, seems ecstatic and accepting of his REBIRTH. His arms clawing for God, reaching for a loving embrace. Beethoven's music underpins the whole horrible, beautiful scene.
107) 0) text: Jared sits in his chair, clutching his papers and handboo purposeful steely look in on his face. He looks across an Cameron slowly eases himself into an empty seat. He acknowledges no one and sits, arms across his massive tor Sykes moves to his podium.
107) 4) dialog: I feel great, Sir.
107) 6) dialog: Yes sir.
107) 8) dialog: Yes sir. It does for sure. Jared catches Gary’s eye. A shared skepticism. Then he catches Jon’s eye, but Jared turns away almost coldly. Th have shifted between the two of them. Broken. SYKES O.S. Ready when you are, Jared.
111) 17) dialog: Open the door. 102A. It’s a HUGE moment: Cameron rebelling. He moves forward a 103. Puts his MASSIVE FRAME between Brandon and Jared, challen the tough guy who once belittled him. CAMERON (CONT’D) He wants to leave. Hold. Brandon stands his ground. But then something shift He knows, in this moment, he is the weaker of the two men NANCY O.S. Jared!?
111) 18) dialog: Come on.