7) 1) text: Title card : CHLOE Gravity takes her away again, but soon she is back, bendi into an even more brilliant and dynamic shape.
7) 10) dialog: Yay!! Congratulations!!! Woo-hoo!!! She hugs Jared still holding her pom-poms.
8) 0) text: A sprawl of wet, undressing youth all in bathers or underwear. Jared strips down and heads for his teammates who are alr splashing in the water. He passes - A flat-bed truck that is reversed close to the water’s ed A couple of guys are trying to set up speakers. Meanwhile Chloe and the girls undress more carefully, hanging cloth in trees or folding them into neater piles. Then the music BLARES, received with a victorious cry. Br Me to Life - Evanescence. Another cheer rings out simply the choice of song. Through the opening riff - The girls continue to undress while -— In the lake other kids start to ‘air-drum’ to the song. Jared and his mates tune in too, all playing their air guitars. Then, as the song shifts gear, Wayne splashes La and the others and they start to wrestle and play-fight - Jared jumps into the fray, grappling with Wayne, fully committing to the camaraderie. Then - Wayne breaks free.
8) 4) dialog: I heard that laugh before. I think on a documentary about hyenas... that were retarded. And their retarded friends. Jared laughs like a goof at Chloe’s joke.
8) 6) dialog: Shall I..? Okay... (she teases) Oh, But I wouldn’t want you guys to pollute the water with all your...
8) 8) dialog: Cum. Shock. Off Wayne’s expression she turns to the girls.
8) 9) dialog: See. He just did I bet. You guys actually have hard-ons right now don’t you? Blank expressions. Wayne gives an ‘as if’ response.
8) 10) dialog: Prove it?! Long pause. Jared certainly doesn’t have a hard-on but wonders if he should. Chloe won’t let up.
8) 11) dialog: Stand up properly. All of you. None of them are willing. Finally Lance goes up on his ti toes. We don’t see it but Chloe must be right because Min stifles a laugh and Cheryl turns away with an ‘Ewwww.’ La drops back down into the water. He doesn’t care.
9) 12) dialog: Go back behind the tree.
9) 14) dialog: We are fifteen minutes early. He reverses so a large maple tree blocks the view from th house to the car. She immediately starts to kiss him. Jar engages. Then his eyes open, looking down -- A hand, Chloe’s hand, is on his thigh. He stops her.
9) 15) dialog: What? I just wanna touch it. (beat) On the outside. Jared keeps his hand on hers.
9) 16) dialog: If it’s not hard, I can make it hard.
9) 18) dialog: I’m not asking you to put it inside me, Jared. I just wanna feel it through your jeans (MORE )
9) 20) dialog: . Wayne and Mindy have gone all the way and they didn’t get struck by lightning or put in prison. Cheryl has put at least three in her mouth that I know of.
9) 22) dialog: I just wanna feel it.
9) 24) dialog: You asking me to marry you? (beat. Silence) That's what my parents think should happen. To keep us together through college. Jared is at a loss for words. Then Chloe tries one more t He stands his ground. She sits back defeated and opens th door.
9) 25) dialog: What is wrong, Jared? Jared is left alone, aware this is an escalating issue. INT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME - JARED’S BEDROOM - DAY Jared, shirtless, staring at a screen. He types something quickly and bites his nails and checks the door. Circa 2004 downloads were not so fast so it starts with t top inch of a man’s face then, five seconds later, the ne and bare shoulders. A slow motion strip tease.
16) 1) dialog: ‘??? come up’ 25A.
129) 1) text: As Jared sits, he catches eyes with Chloe who enters with Wayne (a new couple). Chloe, surprised, offers a small sm Wayne, however, blanks him. Then the crowd settles: Marsh is heading down the aisle, greeting folk when -- He sees Nancy and offers a smile, before spotting Jared. freezes a beat, but then covers and offers a mini salute. Jared turns back, focusing his eyes to the front as -- 113A.
130) 0) text: Jared and Chloe walk in silence until they reach Nancy's WOMAN O.S. Goodbye, Jared. Jared turns and waves to the WOMAN getting in her car.
130) 1) dialog: See? Not everyone wants you to burn in hell. She hits him playfully. They hear a car horn BLAST. A lar pick-up cruises in the background: Wayne. As Jared and Ch hug goodbye, Wayne sounds the horn, sharply, one more tim Jared watches Chloe totter to the car. Once she’s in, the lurches and stops. Then Wayne gets out. He approaches Jar