3) 9) dialog: ‘Sexual misconduct. No viewing of pornographic material.’ His reading carries a thinly veiled cynicism that tells u does NOT believe L.I.A. and does NOT want to be here. Jan Breughel & Marshall Paul Rubens: The Garden of Eden. A flash of male pornography. GARY (CONT’D) ‘No masturbation. No physical contact with any members or non members at any time apart from the briefest of handshakes.’ The Last Judgement by Michelangelo depicting men kissing Push in. We may keep returning to this image - TINA, 27 - super conservative librarian’s hairstyle. Glas
49) 0) text: Gary goes through the process of reading his Moral Invent He has tears streaming his face. To the side - Aaron is filming with his small mounted camera.
49) 1) dialog: Much like a normal couple we lived that way and for a time... it felt normal... Until my family discovered the truth. But I was fooling myself. Being fooled. I was seduced into sin... by all sorts of sinful people... I knew in my heart I had forsaken Jesus for Satan. Jared listens, frowns. This just seems like a regular, ca relationship being described. He looks across to Jon who can see has a minor black eye. Jon won’t engage.
49) 2) dialog: But I am awake to my sins. I can’t believe the disgusting person that I once was. I ask -- The haunting SYNTHETIC music of ‘SPLINTER CELL’ Pulses -- SYKES O.S. Lesbian. Gay. Bi --
92) 0) text: Jared moves into the hall, escaping the horror. He is alo GARY O.S. Starting to see it for what it is? Gary is standing by the corner.
92) 1) dialog: They catch him with another boy in a steam room and what do they do? (beat) You seem smart. You want my advice? Tell them everything they need to hear and play the part. You’re up any day now. Let them know you’re understanding your mistakes, getting better, that it’s working. Think all my stories and my tears were real? ‘Fake it to make it’. None of this is going to help any. The sooner you are out of here and home the better. (MORE )
92) 3) dialog: And the sooner we are all out of home and somewhere else the better - (that hangs (MORE )
92) 5) dialog: You don’t want to end up at one of these houses for any amount of time. I’ve heard the stories and they are not good. A muffled chorus and shout comes from the bathroom. GARY (CONT’D) Unless you really think you can change. Or want to.