43) 0) text: In the room, Jared sits on his bed. We push in on him, knowing what his homework is. The building intro of - The Red Hot Chili Peppers - ‘Can' Stop.’ We see Jared's pen move over a fresh page. He writes ‘HEN HENRY O.S. Yo. I got you pal.
44) 0) text: Music, emanating from a nearby room continues over -- Jared is struggling up some stairs with two full drawers. Things have started to fall and topple when a fit and tan guy, Henry, bounds up the stairs toward him. Perfect timi
44) 1) dialog: Here. I can take the top stuff. Jared accepts the help with an awkward thanks. Henry look a drawer as he carries it. It is mainly full of books.
44) 2) dialog: Which room? Just learned a bunch of things about you in half a second looking in this drawer by the way.
44) 4) dialog: I’m in two-three-seven. You run? People who run know about Asics. There are Asics on Jared's feet.
44) 5) dialog: I saw you unloading from that car with the Razorbacks sticker. You from Arkansas? I’m there a lot (MORE )
44) 6) text: HENRY (CONT’D) INT. JARED’'S DORM ROOM 346 - MOMENTS LATER The room has a double bunk beds. There is no one else the
44) 7) dialog: First one in gets to choose. You got a girl? If so you might wanna apply for a room without bunks.
44) 9) dialog: (winks ) Good timing. Before college. They head for the door. HENRY O.S. I got cousins in Mountain Home.
45) 0) text: Jared and Henry go for a run. We are behind them.
45) 2) text: Jared and Henry at one end of the run, sweat heavily and for air. They occasionally look at each other.
45) 3) dialog: We're a good fit. Hate running with slow pokes. Or speed freaks. (beat) Tell you what. Race you on the way back. Last one back has to go to the other one’s church. Serious.
45) 5) dialog: You game or not? Jared smiles goofily 47.
45) 6) dialog: Ready? After three. One, two, Three, GO!
46) 0) text: The opening POWER CHORDS of a Christian Rock band’s opene Jared and Henry sit among many YOUNG PEOPLE who throw the hands in the air, CHEERING. A Pentecostal Church meeting full swing. More a party than a service.
46) 2) dialog: (beaming) Radical huh? The minister, the YOUNG charismatic FRANK, 35, on the sta
46) 4) dialog: Amen/Amen! Henry puts his manly arm around Jared who allows himself smile and start to enjoy it. He relaxes and puts his arm around Henry too. It’s a brotherly embrace that feels saf this environment. But -- The music turns to something synthesized and ominous.
47) 0) text: Jared and Henry on a run, jog around trees, deflecting ch blossom tree branches to cut a smoother line. Later - 47A. At the end of their run, they stare at each other as they stretch and search for oxygen. Jared tries a smile. But i a little long and Henry frowns, a tad suspicious 48. INT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - LATER That ominous music is a SYNTHETIC LOOP from TOM CLANCY’S SPLINTER CELL. Jared and Henry are still dressed in sweats. We see from behind as Jared controls the game and Henry watches, sipp a beer. A lone player makes his way through the green and blue glow of an underground concrete facility. Jared stea a look at Henry’s face, glowing in the screen’s light. Henry checks his watch. Sips his beer. He’s tired.
47) 1) dialog: Y’said your roommate’s not coming back till tomorrow?
47) 3) dialog: You keep playing. Henry gets up and we hear the sounds of Henry climbing up bunk ladder. Jared watches, turns down the sound and then goes back to game, conflicted. He’s attracted it’s clear. But Henry is straight and Jared has ZERO experience with ANYONE. JARED O.S. Am I in trouble?
50) 6) dialog: Um... Jared frowns. Something in the air. Then - Suddenly, Henry lunges forward and clamps a hand over Jar mouth. Almost gently the command comes -
50) 7) dialog: Shhhh. Shut up. In a weird and almost silent flurry, Jared is forced to f over by Henry. His sweats are pulled down and Henry is on him. During the rapid and silent rape Jared’s head is knocked against the upright strut arm of the bunk. Then it is ove Henry recedes. And all we hear is - 52A. HENRY O.S. Damn it. (MORE )
50) 9) dialog: Hold on Jared. Paralyzed. His forehead trickles blood. -- We hear Henry climb back up on the top bunk.
50) 10) text: Jared is confused. What the hell just happened? We hold o this for the longest time. Until - Henry starts to cry. Finally, Jared moves ever so slightl
50) 11) dialog: What is wrong with me? What the hell is wrong with me? Jared rolls over onto his back. He listens to Henry cry.
50) 12) dialog: I’m going to be in so much trouble.
50) 14) dialog: Oh man.
50) 16) dialog: I need to confess. I’m going to have to... will you hear me? Can you keep this between us? Jared thinks and utters ‘Mmhmm.’ And Henry jumps down. He sits on Jared’s bed. Jared doesn’t move.
50) 17) dialog: I’m so sorry. Hold.
50) 18) dialog: Remember that kid from church. The one in front of us..? INT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - MORNING Jared wakes. Cautiously he stands to see - 54. Henry has gone. The bunk is neatly made, and there’s a no when Jared unfolds it, it merely says - “Run @ 6?" The door opens, startling him: The ROOMMATE, carrying gol clubs, back from his trip. They exchange ‘hellos’.
52) 0) text: Henry limbers up. Stretches for his run. He looks around Jared: a no-show. He begins texting. Then - JARED O.S. Hey. Sorry.
52) 1) dialog: Thought you weren't coming.
52) 4) dialog: Let’s stretch and pray. (off his expression) Why not? For your Aunt. Henry takes a knee, but it doubles as a quad stretch.
52) 5) dialog: Dear Heavenly Father... (MORE )
52) 6) text: HENRY (CONT’D)
53) 0) text: Jared and Henry run at a medium jog. We follow behind.
53) 1) dialog: We pray that you remove all obstacles from our path. They take a bend.
53) 2) dialog: And we give thanks for our freedom, for our youth, and our health, whereas others are less fortunate. We continue to lead them now as Henry looks across to Jar It is clear he is concerned for Jared's withdrawal.
53) 3) dialog: We pray for Jared's aunt, that she May be restored to health and we dedicate this run to her recovery. INT. JARED’S FORD MUSTANG - DAY Jared drives his car. We are behind him.
53) 4) dialog: We run guided by your love and lifted by your spirit. Each step a prayer that all of your children share the same abundance. The pair move down a rise and disappear into darkness.
54) 0) text: Henry moves with a purpose. A swagger. We follow as he ra a flip cell phone to his ear.
55) 0) text: Henry on the phone -—
55) 1) dialog: Yo. Hey, you remember a kid called Jared Eamons? Ginger haired kid. Your year at St. Martins?
56) 0) text: Jared dumps his bag as he moves through the house. HENRY O.S. I'm looking to get a hold of him.
57) 0) text: Henry walks the hall dialing a new number.
60) 0) text: Henry opens the wide doors to the college courtyard where hundreds of kids enjoy the sun.
60) 1) dialog: Hi. Is that Missus Nancy Eamons?