0) 10) dialog: It’s okay mom.
1) 0) text: Jared walks ahead as Aaron follows him. When Jared turns, blank expression on Aaron’s face troubles him a little.
2) 0) text: Michael picks through Jared’s possessions, scrutinizing e thing placed down: coins; cash; gum; a plastic hotel key- card; the bag containing the book, and; his wallet. He starts going through the wallet, while throwing the g the trash. Jared reacts. Jared holds out his cell phone unsure who to give it to. Aaron takes it from Jared and puts it with the pile.
2) 3) dialog: There is nothing... And yeah, call whatever numbers if you need to. Michael, now back in the wallet, holds up a business card And flips it... a handwritten cell number on the back.
2) 5) dialog: Umm. It is my doctor. (beat) It’s her off hours number. I forgot it was even there.
2) 7) dialog: Oh. Yeah. This. It’s... From his back waistband he pulls a moleskin notebook. Mic takes it and flicks through. It feels like a personal intrusion to Jared, who leans forward.
2) 8) dialog: It’s just... I write stories sometimes. I’m at college studying and... I forgot cause it’s --
2) 10) dialog: Sure. Will I get this stuff back?
2) 12) dialog: That's fine. It’s just stuff I - Aaron starts to usher Jared out.
2) 15) dialog: Thank you. It’s the only warmth Michael has offered thus far. Meager
3) 0) text: Jared, wearing a name tag, finds a seat and settles into semi circle of chairs with TEN OTHERS: a half dozen teens young people; a few in their twenties and thirties, and; guy in his forties. Three women. Mostly boys. They all ta out their handbooks. We take in their faces as we hear - - The rules read out, starting with Carl: super conserva (25), likely taking time out his retail managerial positi
3) 5) text: ‘Women’s skirts must extend below the knee and bras are to be worn at all times.’ The Virgin Mary in the Rose Garden - Albert Edelfelt We see a flash of a brassier catalogue: dry but sexual. Now PHILLIP (30s. Balding and short. The guy from the hal when Jared first arrived.)
3) 11) dialog: “Sinful, salacious and extraneous materials. All reading material, films and television are off limits while inside the program.’ Hold on Jared --
4) 17) dialog: Amen.
4) 21) dialog: Please Lord, make me pure.
5) 0) text: It’s tea break. Jared sips tea as he looks around. - Sykes speaks to a fellow staff member. 12. - Sarah sits alone, eating cut carrots and celery. - Lee sits doing nothing. Totally lost. - Nearby, Jon talks with Carl; the super conservative managerial type. Then Jon salutes him in a casual, milita style. During this Jon and Jared catch eyes. Sykes claps his hands together.
7) 3) text: Jared sits on the bench, leaning into his friend Wayne. H didn’t hear. Basketball players press in front of them. 15.
7) 9) dialog: I only played five minutes. Chloe approaches --
7) 17) dialog: Wayne!! He holds up the keys to his teammate and friend, Wayne.
7) 19) dialog: Come on. 17.
8) 0) text: A sprawl of wet, undressing youth all in bathers or underwear. Jared strips down and heads for his teammates who are alr splashing in the water. He passes - A flat-bed truck that is reversed close to the water’s ed A couple of guys are trying to set up speakers. Meanwhile Chloe and the girls undress more carefully, hanging cloth in trees or folding them into neater piles. Then the music BLARES, received with a victorious cry. Br Me to Life - Evanescence. Another cheer rings out simply the choice of song. Through the opening riff - The girls continue to undress while -— In the lake other kids start to ‘air-drum’ to the song. Jared and his mates tune in too, all playing their air guitars. Then, as the song shifts gear, Wayne splashes La and the others and they start to wrestle and play-fight - Jared jumps into the fray, grappling with Wayne, fully committing to the camaraderie. Then - Wayne breaks free.
9) 0) text: Jared and Wayne by the bonfire. Lance and Nick dress clos by. Wayne offers sage advice on sex -—
9) 1) dialog: What’s it like?
9) 8) dialog: I bet yeah (MORE )
9) 10) dialog: 
9) 13) dialog: I should get home. I -
9) 17) dialog: We should wait for that kind of - 20A.
9) 21) dialog: Cheryl?
9) 23) dialog: If we start that, then it’s gonna be hard to stop. I want to but shouldn't we wait until, you know -
9) 30) dialog: Mom, I’m getting dressed. On her way out.
10) 0) text: Marshall sits at the breakfast table. Jared shuffles in dressed in a similar shirt. Jared goes to the fridge.
10) 2) dialog: Dad, seriously, it’s so awesome.
10) 4) dialog: Why are we actually going to Dallas?
10) 6) dialog: Do you think I could stay at Chloe’s when you go instead? (Off Marshall’s look) It’s okay. I can stay at Wayne’s or I‘1l just come. I’1l just come.
11) 0) text: Jared and his father get in Jared's car as Nancy waves to them. She is setting up her easel and paints beside Marshall's other hobby: a restored ‘65 Chevy Pick-Up. MARSHALL O.S. You are both mature kids.
12) 0) text: Jared's car turns into the Ford dealership. INT. EAMONS’S FORD DEALERSHIP - DAY Jared walks through the dealership following his father. Jared shakes Big Jim’s hand and is greeted by other worke MARSHALL O.S. Who know how to conduct themselves -
13) 0) text: There among the display cars Jared, Jim, AND FOUR OTHER C WORKERS, lock arms in prayer.
14) 0) text: Jared devours ‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ over lunch -- 24. MARSHALL O.S. You gotta learn to take small steps toward manhood, so that you don't have to run, panicking, when it suddenly arrives. Across the table, a voluptuous female employee eats lunch reading a magazine. Jared shares an awkward smile with he
15) 0) text: On Jared, flanked by Nancy, watches Marshall preach.
15) 8) dialog: Yes, sir. They have a great writing program. Journalism really interests me -
16) 0) text: It’s dark. Jared sits up to check on a sleeping Christoph His phone receives a vibrating text -—
16) 2) dialog: (texting back) ‘okay. (MORE )
16) 4) dialog: 
17) 0) text: Jared moves ever so quietly up the stairs. But then - CHRISTOPHER O.S. Where you think you're going? Jared frozen, turns to see Christopher. Sprung.
18) 0) text: Jared plays Dynasty Warriors III with Christopher. The mu is synthesized and upbeat. The character, Zhang, looks li an Asian rock prince, clad in purple silks, wearing a sli hair topped by a tiara. He swings a four pronged sword.
18) 2) dialog: Yeah. It’s a bit much.
19) 0) text: Jared stares at the ceiling, then finally turns to fall asleep. He’s given up the attempted mission. cuT TO 27.
20) 0) text: Jared stands back from his Genogram and stretches. He mak some notes on his L.I.A. notebook.
21) 0) text: Jared is handed a zip-lock bag containing his possessions Michael. Jared opens his phone, just to check it.
21) 2) dialog: Um. Hey. You tore out the pages -
21) 4) dialog: They're just... stories.
22) 0) text: Jared comes out quietly fuming, holding his bag of items. is on the steps waiting. Jared sits a little way off.
22) 2) dialog: Were you in the military? I saw you salute. I thought --
22) 9) dialog: Have you been here before?
22) 11) dialog: What houses?
22) 13) dialog: How long will you stay for?
22) 15) dialog: Just. Yeah.
22) 20) dialog: Yeah. No. I’m excited to be here. Suddenly Nancy pulls up and leans out the window -
22) 23) dialog: You need a ride? I think we’re just near the Best Western.
22) 25) dialog: See ya Cameron. Cameron turns sweetly, flattered to be acknowledged. But father turns sharply to assess Jared.
23) 0) text: Nancy’s car pulls onto the highway, into the dimming Memp sunlight, toward the glowing row of cheap hotel lights. Jared winds down the window and puts his arm out, dancing the breeze.
23) 2) dialog: That is never going to happen.
24) 0) text: Jared and his mother eat. She keeps looking at him. Jared puts his fork down decisively as if to say ‘what?’ --
24) 4) dialog: We're not meant to talk about it outside of group.
24) 6) dialog: I’m going to lean into it. And there are some good people, and yeah. I like it. They go back to eating, Nancy relieved. He seems happy. J thinks a beat and finally takes a piece of paper from his pocket and places it beside Nancy’s plate.
24) 7) dialog: Do we have people in the family who had issues with any of this stuff. Nancy examines it, getting her reading glasses.
24) 10) dialog: I need to know for homework.
25) 0) text: Jared and his mother walk the long hall to the room. NANCY O.S. Why does the family matter? Our family is so... normal. As Nancy enters the room, Jared clocks Sarah and her stepfather a little way down the hall 32.
26) 0) text: Jared puts his schedule on the wall. He takes his L.I.A. handbook and homework and piles them on the nightstand. H weighs his own books he brought for the stay -- now certa ‘off limits.’ About to place them in the trash, he thinks better of it and piles them over on his mother’s nightsta
26) 1) text: Nancy enters from the bathroom and places a piece of pape the top of his L.I.A. handbook: Jared’s Genogram homework
26) 4) dialog: Ha ha. Jared leans over and switches off the lamp. Then after a pause in the near darkness we hear - NANCY O.S. I put your Uncle Victor down there. We never see him. He moved to Louisiana. We always figured he might have been... well, he was very feminine-like you might say. Jared stares at the ceiling, the traces of light outlinin his face. SYKES O.S. What is a real man?
27) 0) text: CLOSE ON JARED’S GENOGRAM. It now has a handful of ‘A’s a and ‘Dm’ in both grandparents lines. And a new BOLD addition... UNCLE VICTOR -- ‘H.’ (Homosexuality) SYKES O.S. What defines a ‘real’ man? Close on Cameron’s child-like drawing of his dad: Brutish 33. SYKES O.S. (CONT’D) Perhaps being close to the flames of hell and finding your way back forges a great strength -- Jared and the others pin their work to the back wall. Fro his position near the big open door, Jared can see the fe line outside: A big black Chevy pickup parks outside.
29) 0) text: Jared and the gang all ride the short bus. Brandon and Sy flank the aisles near the front. Aaron drives. We are not sure where they are headed. Jared turns for a moment and looks down the aisle - perhaps to see Jon.
32) 0) text: Big Jim, Marshall, Jared and a FOURTH MAN edge along a ri deeper into the woods. They split into two groups. - Later, Jared following Marshall, pulls up to rest. Mars urges him on. A SHOT volleys out over the valley. Jared l back.
33) 0) text: Jared helps Jim and his father winch a DEAD BUCK onto the back of one of Jim’s trucks 40. INT. CARMEN’S STOP - AFTERNOON Jared, dressed in his hunting gear, finishes off his frie he sits alone. Marshall is at the counter with his glasse paying the check and using easy charm with the WAITRESS. Beside Jared's table is A YOUNG MAN, barely 25, his three KIDS and young wife. There is also two men sitting at a window booth that Jared particularly notices. Just then - CHERYL, who works in the diner, comes up to the table.
33) 2) dialog: Oh. Cheryl. Hey.
33) 4) dialog: You think they’re...?
33) 8) dialog: You guys travelling?
33) 10) dialog: Oh. Cool. Um... My father... my father just paid for your lunch. The two men look strangely at this kid in hunting gear.
33) 12) dialog: Nothing. Just... He’s out there - The two men wave out the window. He pockets the flyer.
33) 14) dialog: Yes Sir. Safe travels.
34) 0) text: Jared gets back into the truck. Marshall is staring at hi After a long silence --
34) 2) dialog: They said to say thank you. The moment hangs. Does he know that Jared failed the task
35) 0) text: Feet hit gravel. Jared and the new group run in a somewha military formation with Brandon as their commander. Aaron follows them driving the short bus.
36) 0) text: Jared brushes his teeth - his shirt is off. He examines a bruise on the back of his shoulder: a baseball strike? Bu enjoys the wound, like a new sense of his manhood. Then - he catches himself with one hand on his hip. He cl down on the tooth brush and stands ala Brandon: two hands hip; hand back; legs wide - proudly faking it. Soon Nancy joins and they both brush side by side.
39) 0) text: It’s tea break, Jared walks over to a shaken Sarah.
39) 1) dialog: You want anything? I’m making a cup of tea. She shakes her head, and as he walks away she stops him -
40) 0) text: Jared and Nancy eat dinner, Jared scarfing down food whil doing his L.I.A. homework and referring to the HANDBOOK. Headphones on, he flicks through his Moleskin with the ri out pages. We see his notes -- Moral Inventory and... Without going into ‘graphic detail catalogue all immoral and sexual experiences & He adds... ‘How you came to be at L.I.A.?'
41) 0) text: Jared walks into the hallway leading to the bathrooms. It empty apart from the ATM. Then the bathroom door opens up Sarah peeks through. Seeing Jared she marches over covert and puts her hand out. He hands her his phone and just as quickly she disappears into the bathroom. He waits. Awkwardly. That’s when he sees - Sykes, with a woman and kids, ages six and four. They mov into the restaurant. Seemingly, an average American famil Jared nervously hides behind the ATM and waits guiltily. is he doing? What if he gets caught? Finally Sarah emerges wiping her eyes. She hands Jared th phone and utters -
42) 0) text: Jared gathers his things, aware of Sykes’s presence.
42) 1) dialog: I'll finish this in my room. You ready? (MORE )
42) 3) dialog: (beat) The head guy is here (MORE )
42) 5) dialog: And Jared is gone. Nancy follows but looks around wonderi ‘Why is that a bad thing?’ Sykes, hearing clatter, looks up. Did he see Jared?
43) 0) text: In the room, Jared sits on his bed. We push in on him, knowing what his homework is. The building intro of - The Red Hot Chili Peppers - ‘Can' Stop.’ We see Jared's pen move over a fresh page. He writes ‘HEN HENRY O.S. Yo. I got you pal.
44) 0) text: Music, emanating from a nearby room continues over -- Jared is struggling up some stairs with two full drawers. Things have started to fall and topple when a fit and tan guy, Henry, bounds up the stairs toward him. Perfect timi
44) 3) dialog: Oh yeah? I’m in three-four-six.
44) 6) text: HENRY (CONT’D) INT. JARED’'S DORM ROOM 346 - MOMENTS LATER The room has a double bunk beds. There is no one else the
44) 8) dialog: Just broke up.
45) 0) text: Jared and Henry go for a run. We are behind them.
45) 2) text: Jared and Henry at one end of the run, sweat heavily and for air. They occasionally look at each other.
45) 4) dialog: Why? What kind of church is it?
46) 0) text: The opening POWER CHORDS of a Christian Rock band’s opene Jared and Henry sit among many YOUNG PEOPLE who throw the hands in the air, CHEERING. A Pentecostal Church meeting full swing. More a party than a service.
47) 0) text: Jared and Henry on a run, jog around trees, deflecting ch blossom tree branches to cut a smoother line. Later - 47A. At the end of their run, they stare at each other as they stretch and search for oxygen. Jared tries a smile. But i a little long and Henry frowns, a tad suspicious 48. INT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - LATER That ominous music is a SYNTHETIC LOOP from TOM CLANCY’S SPLINTER CELL. Jared and Henry are still dressed in sweats. We see from behind as Jared controls the game and Henry watches, sipp a beer. A lone player makes his way through the green and blue glow of an underground concrete facility. Jared stea a look at Henry’s face, glowing in the screen’s light. Henry checks his watch. Sips his beer. He’s tired.
47) 2) dialog: On some golf trip. You wanna crash? Jared moves to turn off the game.
48) 0) text: Tight on Jared’s face as a door opens and shuts 0.S.
48) 1) dialog: Have I done something wrong? MICHAEL O.S. Here he comes now. SYKES O.S. Morning Jared. 48A. Sykes sits carrying a file. His demeanor is supremely cas and friendly. Not the ‘man on show’ he is in the group sessions. The only sound is a ticking clock 49.
48) 3) dialog: It’s good. I’m finding it all... helpful, yeah.
48) 5) dialog: Oh... I, um.. I’d like to watch a couple more people do theirs I think, if that’s okay. I haven’t completed everything yet. Sykes pulls out a handful of papers from his file: Jared' journal stories. He selects a page and holds it up.
48) 7) dialog: It’s a story.
48) 9) dialog: No. It’s just a story. (off Sykes) Will I be able to get them back? They're assignments for college. 49a.
50) 5) dialog: Can’t sleep, huh? (no answer) Probably shouldn’t run so late at night. Then the figure of Henry jumps down in the darkness. A we moment of pause as Jared turns to look at his silhouette.
50) 10) text: Jared is confused. What the hell just happened? We hold o this for the longest time. Until - Henry starts to cry. Finally, Jared moves ever so slightl
50) 13) dialog: Are you okay?
50) 15) dialog: Henry? (beat) Have you done that before? Silence. Long.
51) 0) text: Jared sits in a class as it is filling up. We push in on Later - he sits alone in the now empty space. Later - he sits outside against a wall, alone.
52) 0) text: Henry limbers up. Stretches for his run. He looks around Jared: a no-show. He begins texting. Then - JARED O.S. Hey. Sorry.
52) 2) dialog: I nearly had to head home. Henry - curious. Jared starts to stretch.
52) 3) dialog: It’s all good. My aunt’s a bit sick. I'll probably head back in the morning for a couple days.
53) 0) text: Jared and Henry run at a medium jog. We follow behind.
54) 1) dialog: Amen. Amen. EXT. JARED’S FAMILY HOME - DAY Jared gets out of his car and moves to the house where he greeted with great warmth by his mother 56.
56) 0) text: Jared dumps his bag as he moves through the house. HENRY O.S. I'm looking to get a hold of him.
58) 0) text: Jared takes his sneakers off and turns on his computer. T faint 0.S. sounds of a phone ringing.
62) 0) text: Jared sits on his bed reading. A knock comes to the door. MARSHALL O.S. Jared? Something in the tone of his voice makes Jared concerned.
63) 0) text: We SMASH INTO A FIERCE FAMILY ARGUMENT. Jared IS AT WAR w his father. Under interrogation. Nancy is the bystander.
63) 1) dialog: Did he give you a name? Answer my question?!
63) 2) dialog: If he gave you a name... I’m just saying, why wouldn’t he give you -—
63) 4) dialog: Did he give you his name?
63) 6) dialog: - command me all you want. I’m asking questions too. Marshall makes a move toward Jared.
63) 8) dialog: The guy is full of shit!
63) 10) dialog: I'll leave the room.
63) 12) dialog: It’s bullshit, dad.
63) 17) dialog: See. NANCY! Nancy starts to retreat. Finally she leaves.
63) 18) dialog: I can’t believe this. Marshall tries a new tactic, trying to focus the conversa
63) 20) dialog: No. Dad, because it’s --
63) 23) dialog: I am. Because you won’t listen (MORE )
63) 25) dialog: Jared tries to go to his room. Marshall tries to intercep him. Nancy watches from the hallway. Jared tries to force the door shut which results in a physical battle now with his father. The door hits Marsha face, knocking him backwards and bringing renewed fury. Marshall forces Jared against the wall.
63) 26) dialog: Answer me! What this man (correcting) says... - What this full-of-shit guy who is not a counselor and -
63) 28) dialog: Who didn’t have the spine to Son!! give his own name -
63) 29) dialog: Who raped a kid at his Pentacostal church group. And... God knows who else. Marshall, still grips his son, but is rattled into stilln
63) 30) dialog: Dad, you're hurting me. Questions rage in his father’s grip. But the thought of hurting his son wakes him from the attack.
63) 31) dialog: Dad. It’s not true. The guy is lying. I can tell you -- As Marshall slowly releases, Jared steps forward. He take his mother and father flanking him.
63) 32) dialog: His name is Henry Wallace. He’s not a counselor. He’s a student too. He told me he did some bad things. (beat) I think he thinks I’m going to tell on him. Pause. The dust settles finally. But, Marshall’s radar is tuned to the fact that he doesn’t have ALL the informatio 60. INT. BEDROOM —- NIGHT Jared is playing a game on his PLAYSTATION 2: FINAL DOOM Level 9 with its dread filled pipe-organ theme track. Roa the pit, he blasts demon soldiers and fiery skulls with a double barrel shotgun. Computer blood flows freely. He is deep in burying his reality when his father walks in.
63) 35) dialog: I’m okay. I’m not hungry. He pauses the game as Marshall sets down a note pad and p
63) 37) dialog: I don’t want you to talk to him.
63) 40) dialog: I really should get back.
63) 45) dialog: Dad. It’s not true. Jared goes to put his head phones on.
64) 0) text: Marshall looks at his ministry architectural plans while Nancy preps dinner. A somber mood. Broken as - Jared enters and drops the ENTIRE gaming system on the ta
64) 2) dialog: You want me to stop with the games? His parents are puzzled.
64) 3) dialog: Ok... I’1l stop with them. Pause.
64) 4) dialog: I don’t want to see Chloe. (beat) We broke up. And he exits, leaving his parents confused. But then - Moments later he is back ---
64) 5) dialog: We broke up because... I think I’m. In fact, I’m pretty sure that I’m - 61A. Jared is trying to find the words. It’s hard, but he’s go to stay until the message gets across. Finally 62. Marshall swoops up his architect plans, and leaves the ro There is a long pause. Until Nancy awkwardly pipes up.
65) 0) text: The daily pick-up. Jared goes to collect his cell phone a Jon is leaving the pick-up area, already having taken his see that bruised eye more closely. Jon nods goodbye.
66) 0) text: Jared and Nancy in profile shuffle back after a long day. Jared's eye catches something and he stops briefly. The BEST WESTERN sign. He and Jon are neighbors.
67) 0) text: Jared stands at the window staring at the blue and yellow tower of the BEST WESTERN: Jon’s temporary home. NANCY O.S. We are trying a new place.
68) 0) text: We follow Jared and Nancy toward the BEST WESTERN. Nancy, always dressed like it’s dinner, even when it’s breakfast 63. NANCY O.S. - in search of the perfect soft- boiled egg. INT. THE BEST WESTERN, BUFFET ROOM — MORNING Nancy holds a bedazzled phone in overly manicured hands. Bangles rattle and rings knock against bigger rings. Meanwhile, Jared scans the room, looking for Jon.
69) 0) text: Jared plants himself at the buffet waiting to be seen.
69) 5) dialog: Hey Dad. How’s the remodeling going? He looks across one last time for Jon. No luck.
69) 6) dialog: I’m sorry I’m not there to help. (listens) Huh? Oh yeah. Good. It’s fun. (beat) I said it’s fun. PRE-LAP: the SOUNDS OF A GROWN MAN WEEPING. DEEP PAIN.
70) 0) text: Tight on Aaron’s video camera. Its red light on. Recordin Phillip sits crying while Aaron films him. The faces of Jared and others as they react to the LIE CH exercise and catharsis. Cameron bites his nails.
71) 0) text: Jon is grabbing a boxed lunch. Jared come up beside him.
71) 1) dialog: No one knows where Sarah is. Have you heard anything? He eyeballs Jared briefly. Jared feels scolded.
71) 3) dialog: We got sick of the breakfast at our place.
71) 6) dialog: We were just looking for somewhere that could do boiled eggs properly. Seriously. (MORE )
71) 8) dialog: 
72) 5) dialog: I can go. I don’t mind -
73) 0) text: Jared steps up to pee. Unbuttoning, he sees a shape pass high window. Curious, he hoists himself up, and can see - Sykes, alone and in the magical afternoon light staring a the tree line. Hands on his hips. Jared immediately wonde about him. Then the door swings open and Jared steps down BRANDON O.S. You're meant to attend bathroom breaks with a staff member. Brandon eyes him cautiously, and Jared goes to exit --
73) 8) dialog: I got homework still. Plus, I can’t anyway. The rules say all movies contain ‘sinful content.’
73) 10) dialog: ‘What’d you do last night?’ ‘I was hanging at the Hampton Inn watching The Lion King with my mom.’ Jared winds his window down. Nancy turns off the air -
73) 13) dialog: Mom! Who did that happen to and when? Seriously!? Do you know!? Nancy retreats into silence. But Jared is spoiling for a fight.
73) 14) dialog: Seriously. Do you actually know who that happened to? Do you? For real? After another silence -
73) 15) dialog: It was Nobody. From Nowhere Town. (beat) On Highway Zero. It never happened. Now she feels the right to bite back.
73) 17) dialog: So they feed them lies.
73) 19) dialog: You know the whole thing you and Dad are paying for here is all about how messed up we are by our parents. They want to know about you. That’s why you can’t know all about it. Cause then they wouldn’t get their money out of you.
74) 0) text: Jared and his mother schlep down the hallway. Five steps behind his mother Jared’s step is heavy and tired.
75) 0) text: Jared sits on his bed as his mother showers in the bathro Jared flips open his phone and finds the number Sarah dia two days before. He presses dial after a moment of deliberation. Waits... Then -
75) 4) dialog: I don’t see why anyone would read it unless you absolutely had to. INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES - NANCY’S ROOM We push slowly toward Nancy’s room as - JARED O.S. You can read it at night when I’m here if you seriously want to. (beat) There are tons of spelling errors in it. I almost wanna mark up a copy for them. But - Nancy reads the Love In Action handbook with interest by bedside light. She frowns as we hear -
75) 5) dialog: - that would take away the only real enjoyment you get from reading it. Cause, I guess, it's actually not much fun to be there. Whatever she has read - a rule, a task, or an ideology - troubles her. She looks across at her son.
75) 6) dialog: At least if you turn to page ‘87' you can enjoy that the goofball that transcribed it was typing so fast - Nancy, remembering, guiltily turns the page to eighty-sev
75) 7) dialog: - he wrote ‘Dog' instead of God. We read the line as Nancy’s manicured finger runs along i “,..and so we always come back to Dog’s true design.. 73.
75) 8) dialog: It'd be a shame to ruin the next poor kid's fun. Tight on Nancy as she smiles ruefully and whispers --
76) 0) text: Nancy washes dishes. We move in on her slowly from behind The clatter of dishes. Then she stops, rock still. She is crying. And we pull back - there behind her on the table is Jared gaming console. It’s the night Jared declared himself. She hears men entering the house and turns so we see her mascara stained cheeks. She leaves the room. O.S. Sounds of Nancy vomiting.
77) 4) dialog: Why are Pastor Wilkes and Jim Picard here (MORE )
77) 6) dialog: 
77) 8) dialog: What did they do to him? Nancy smiles and then laughs. She embraces him.
78) 0) text: Jared sits on the stairs, listening to murmured conversat but not being able to hear clearly. Suddenly Marshall app at the base of the stairs.
79) 0) text: Jared, led by his father, enters the kitchen -
79) 5) dialog: Yes. Yes, I wanna change.
80) 0) text: Jared, alone, eats. His sleeves are rolled up and a cotto bud taped in the crook of his left arm. He watches - Through the glass, Nancy and Marshall in conversation wit Big Jim. Jim heads for the lunch room.
81) 0) text: Jared trails Pastor Wilkes and Marshall as they go throug the prison security check 79. . A big multi-bag of peanut M&M’s gets scanned along with three King James Bibles and pamphlets.
82) 0) text: Jared, terrified and wary, stands carrying the M&M bags. watches as his father consoles a prisoner with truly grea compassion. Then he hears his name called. Pastor Wilkes needs a bag of M&M’s. Jared steps closer to the cell he i in, trying not to make eye contact with the prisoner.
83) 0) text: Marshall and Jared approach the car. Marshall eats M&M’s. Then hands the bag to Jared, who is still deep in memory the pastor’s warning. They get in -
83) 2) dialog: I should probably make a start today. Hold. Marshall puts his hand on Jared’s shoulder.
84) 0) text: Jared on the side of the highway, where people only usual stop because their car has broken down. He is in the mids a_ panic attack: trying to regulate his breathing.
84) 2) text: He is very close to the edge. Might he just step forward solve all his problems on the grill of a speeding semi? O driver HONKS a warning. Finally - Jared walks back to the car, kicking out at the side mirr breaking it. He gets back in the car and starts the ignit His complicated life must keep going.
85) 0) text: Nancy wakes up. She looks around. Jared is gone. On his freshly made bed, she finds a note -
85) 1) dialog: Decided to walk x c u @ 5. Sorry I was mean. She finds a screwed up paper on the floor and unfurls it.
86) 0) text: Jared walks along the gravelled edge of the highway. He r a handful of pages, rehearsing for his Moral Inventory. Then - A pick-up pulls next to him. Jon’s brother's car.
86) 2) dialog: Thanks, but I got a little while. I thought I'd walk. Looking through my stuff for today. Jon understands: ‘Okay.’ The pick-up pushes on. Then -— Up ahead, it slows and stops. Then Jon gets out, slamming door. His brother blasts the horn and completes a screech U-turn as Jon walks toward Jared. Shrugs it off.
87) 0) text: Jared and Jon have taken a short cut through a park. Jare waits as Jon finishes peeing behind an old abandoned car.
87) 13) dialog: I don’t really have a crazy story. We, ah, probably shouldn’t walk in together. And they walk in silence for some time --
88) 0) text: Jared approaches to see Sykes on the steps conferring wit two OLDER MEN. One, a striking man with silver hair and s features and, a shiny-bald stocky man. Both in their fift Sykes sees Jared.
90) 0) text: The room is now cast in darkness, the windows blacked out Candles flicker and dim lamps otherwise illuminate the ro The centerpiece is the casket. Slivers of sun infiltrate. Jared, Simon, Jon, Carl... all are in attendance. Jared looks across to a handful of NEW PEOPLE: CAMERON’S FAMILY and CLOSE FRIENDS: An OLDER BROTHER and SISTER. An TWO YOUNGER SIBLINGS. The two younger ones are confused a are teary-eyed. CAMERON’S MOTHER also attends along with Cameron’s LOCAL MINISTER (the balding man we saw earlier. Plus a couple of FOOTBALL TEAMMATES, along with their COA 84a. Sykes enters. He gestures for everyone to stand. He grabs chair and sets it down beside the casket, facing the grou 85.
91) 0) text: Seen, through Jared's P.O.V.: A suburban house with all d removed and closed circuit surveillance cameras in the co of EACH ROOM. HE notices, as they pass - 86A. The ONLY DOOR in the house. It has two PADLOCKS securing 87. INT. NEW HOPE HOUSE, BATHROOM -— DAY Jared watches through the crowd as Cameron is placed in t basic shower bath-tub of the small bathroom. There he is baptized with his father and mother close, encouraged by Rev. Neil to place their hands on him. His big body shudders and his strong arms reach out for t water. Like a massive baby. Full surrender. Jared watches mute. The only thing that makes this even remotely bearable is Cameron, seems ecstatic and accepting of his REBIRTH. His arms clawing for God, reaching for a loving embrace. Beethoven's music underpins the whole horrible, beautiful scene.
91) 1) text: Jared sees Sykes on the edge of the action, involved but really. Jared turns to go, unable to watch anymore. Interestingly, Sykes doesn't try and stop him. But - Jon does. He grabs for Jared's arm. Jared shakes him off.
92) 0) text: Jared moves into the hall, escaping the horror. He is alo GARY O.S. Starting to see it for what it is? Gary is standing by the corner.
93) 0) text: The music continues as - Jared walks the hall with his mother. Seen from behind th walk away and enter the room, leaving an empty hallway. H And the music ends on a deep base note -
94) 0) text: Jared runs, exorcising the days events. Hood up, he pound the pavement past the various motels. The rushing oncomin cars WHOOSH past like his dark thoughts. Later: As he passes a bus shelter he comes to a stop. A s mall in the background. Not a soul about. He takes a seat a bench to catch his breath and when he looks back he see On the outside of the bus shelter: a beatific advertising image of a SHIRTLESS GUY, lit and inviting. Jared looks a but something draws him back. His nature. Then, something fierce wells up in him, and he gets up as he is looking around for something. Leaves frame. Hold. W hear noises of effort. He soon returns with a heavy paving stone. He is about to launch the missile at the advertising image. However -- On the approach, the poster slides to the NEXT ad... a wo in a swim suit. It railroads his intentions.
94) 1) dialog: Arghhhh. He throws the paver anyway and it bounces off the Perspex shield, doing minimal damage. He sits down drained. Defea 89.
94) 2) dialog: Fuck. (turning skyward) Fuck you. I hate you. Fuck you.
96) 0) text: Jared lugs his overnight bag, dragging his feet. Depleted He lumbers past a bulletin board, then stops. Backs up. An image of Christ. It’s a western depiction of Jesus whe the man himself could have signed with a California model agency. The words ‘God vs. Science’ pop out. He steps closer and takes the flyer in his hands. It is advertising for a college art exhibition. EXT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - NIGHT Jared unlocks his room. He notices, behind him, TWO STUDE whisper gossip about him. Has word gotten around somehow? Then he looks into the room - INT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - NIGHT Inside, his room has been trashed. He enters cautiously. 890. Then he stops - Just above his bunk bed mattress is a cru spray-painted message: ‘DIE HOMO. 90. - He corrects a fallen chair and finds a bottle of wine. - Room fixed up, Jared sits on his bed holding the bottle turns over the flyer in his hands then puts it aside. He opens the bottle sniffing the booze: ‘Die Fag’ behind him
97) 0) text: A section of the Fine Arts building turned gallery space. People mill about. A decent crowd. Jared steps into frame He raises a glass of wine to his lips. He is staring at - The Mormon style image of Jesus. The same ultra-color Blo depiction as the flyer. The actual artwork is five feet b six. HUGE. We see that in Jesus’s hand is an image of a C PHONE. It’s controversial in a playful way. To Jared it is distasteful and somewhat irrelevant. Trite turns and places his drink down and suddenly stops, seein A BEAUTIFUL BOY (20), gesturing to a small group about an image: MARY. Arms in offering, a Virtual Reality system o her face. Someone in the group shakes his hands in congratulations, and he nods humbly in thanks. This is th ARTIST. Xavier. Jared is transfixed. Not by the image, but by Xavier. And then Xavier catches him and looks right back. He step front of the image so that he appears Jesus-like. Divine: Mary's offering arms seem to be his.
97) 2) text: Jared does not turn away. Xavier gestures ‘cheers’ with h wine and moves away. Jared keeps staring.
98) 0) text: Jared walks an expansive hallway alone. Soon - Xavier comes into frame, following. Then he takes the lea 90A.
99) 0) text: They walk in together. As the door closes the music stops gl. There is minimal improvised and eclectic furniture in thi studio space. Beyond it Jared can see at the far end, a b room lit by warm lamp light. Xavier puts on Otis Redding - Change is Gonna Come. Vinyl
99) 3) dialog: Where are you from Xavier?
99) 5) dialog: Do you believe in God?
99) 7) dialog: Why is that serious? Jared is buoyed by drink. It is a bold side of him we hav never seen. Perhaps some things are possible with booze t otherwise are not, as we may remember from Jon’s tale. Like with that - this encounter should carry an edge that carries the possibility of that same danger.
99) 8) dialog: Do you believe in God or not? Your whole art thing is --
99) 12) dialog: Who created the earth? Xavier laughs. That’s a BIG question?
99) 14) dialog: I don’t think you can believe in science and religion equally. Xavier frowns, not ready to engage in the seriousness.
99) 15) dialog: Don’t you think you have to pick a side? Don’t they cancel each other out.
99) 17) dialog: Why?
99) 19) dialog: Sure he has.
99) 23) dialog: I don’t know.
99) 25) dialog: You know Job? From the Bible.
99) 28) dialog: I imagine I’m him sometimes. That God and the Devil are having a bet over me. That one day he’1ll show himself to me and let me in on the experiment he was having to test me.
99) 33) dialog: What if you are the devil?
100) 0) text: From above, Jared and Xavier lie down. The music filters from the other room. They look at each other. They hold hands. And that’s it.
101) 0) text: Jared wakes up to full sunlight. Xavier is facing him asl Jared looks down. They are still holding hands, and still fully clothed. Jared slowly releases his hand from Xavier He stares for some time then finally moves out of frame.
102) 0) text: Jared walks the street and lifts his phone to his ear.
102) 1) dialog: Dad. I’m ready. I’m coming home. I’1ll go wherever you need me to (MORE )
102) 3) dialog: 
103) 0) text: Jared naked from the waist up.
103) 1) dialog: Please Lord, make me pure. And falls backward, right into the icy college lake. His clothes left piled on the shore nearby.
104) 0) text: Jared, dripping wet, stands before the mirror in his runn gear, staring at himself. The shower runs in the B.G. The realize that he is looking at a card. It is the business of Dr. Beverly Muldoon. He turns it over in his hands. Contemplating. Phone poised he actually starts to dial. T he thinks better of it and takes off his shirt, walking i the steam.
105) 0) text: Behind: Nancy, in her Jackie O’s, and Jared walk the hall
106) 0) text: Behind: Jared walks the L.I.A. hallway.
107) 0) text: Jared sits in his chair, clutching his papers and handboo purposeful steely look in on his face. He looks across an Cameron slowly eases himself into an empty seat. He acknowledges no one and sits, arms across his massive tor Sykes moves to his podium.
108) 0) text: Jared's hands squeeze his papers for his Moral Inventory. We hold on Jared's face through --
108) 1) dialog: I had thoughts of men. (beat) Boys at school. On T.V. On the street. In my imagination. At college I held the hand of a boy and I stayed through the night. In his bed. (beat) For these thoughts and this action, for which I felt regretful, I - SYKES O.S. Hold on. And..? The faces of others. Of Jon. Aaron filming.
108) 2) dialog: I never... I stayed the night with the boy from college but we never did anything more. That’s the only (MORE )
108) 4) dialog: 
108) 6) dialog: I lied on my Genogram. My uncle Chris wasn’t an alcoholic. Sykes sighs.
108) 7) dialog: It’s true. How do you know?
108) 9) dialog: I’m not. And mock everyone who has got up here being honest and brave.
108) 10) dialog: I could make something up. Is that what you want me to do? Isn’t that a sin too? He eyeballs Sykes. A new strength of defiance.
108) 11) dialog: If thoughts are a sin, I ask God’s forgiveness for that, but I’m not making anything up. On Sykes. He eyes Jared: It seems like a stand off.
108) 18) dialog: But, I’m not angry and I -
108) 20) dialog: - he’s done things that upset - you are angry and - me and he’s let me down, but -
108) 21) dialog: Why do I have to be angry?
108) 23) dialog: I’m not a dog. (beat) And I don’t think anyone is responsible for me. So - Jared continues to hold his ground.
108) 24) dialog: I don’t see how it’s going to help. Picking someone to blame or hate. Pretending we’re angry at someone. (to Aaron) Can you stop filming me - Aaron, tracking him, does not stop filming.
108) 25) dialog: I don’t hate anyone.
108) 27) dialog: Because, you are making me angry.
108) 31) dialog: You are not listening to me.
108) 33) dialog: I am taking it seriously.
108) 35) dialog: I do. I am. I just don’t agree. I’m not going to pretend to be angry. I love my father.
108) 37) dialog: You don’t know me. You are all crazy. All of you. Tina’s jaw is wide open. Gary smirks. Cameron is raising eyebrows. Jared moves a few steps toward the door.
108) 39) dialog: You're in my chair. There you go. I hate you. But how does that help? Jared is starting to breath heavily. Panic.
108) 40) dialog: I really want to go.
108) 42) dialog: I mean, how does any of this help? It’s crazy. 99A. And he walks out 100.
109) 2) dialog: I want my things.
109) 4) dialog: I want my things now. And I want -— Jared just walks around and opens a drawer and finds vari bags of people’s belongings. At one stage Michael rushes and tries to intervene and Jared scuffles with him. Finally, Jared finds his bag and grabs his cell phone fro it. He leaves the room -
110) 0) text: Sykes blocks his way to the exit. Jared retreats. INT. L.I.A. MEN'S BATHROOM —- MOMENTS LATER Jared storms into the bathroom and finds a stall and lock himself in. His breath is short now. Panicked.
110) 1) dialog: (on the phone) Mom. It’s me. I need your help. Come get me please. Like now. (beat) Please. I’m in trouble. He waits. For a long time there is silence. Then voices o the other side of the door. Soon the door opens. 100A.
110) 2) dialog: Go away (MORE )
111) 0) text: Jared's way to the exit is blocked by Brandon Behind Jared are the other group members, all help or comment in any way. It’s a stand off: side, blocking the exit. Clients on the other
111) 1) dialog: I wanna leave, okay? Please.
111) 3) dialog: ‘A moment?!’ A moment? and Aaron. too scared to staff on one side.
111) 4) dialog: Steady on. I know it feels - I don’t wanna talk. I wanna go.
111) 5) dialog: I don’t want you to. I read the rules and none of them say you can stop me from leaving. Sykes turns to Brandon. Mutters something. It’ s certain he is asking Brandon to use his muscle to contain Jared.
111) 6) dialog: And if you or anyone puts their hands on me. I have witnesses. (phone rings) Mom? Where are you? If I put him on they might take the phone. (listens) How far away? Heavy screeching outside and a minor collision. Then a do slam and - 101A.
111) 12) dialog: Mom!! They won’t let me out. NANCY O.S. What!? Why? Who’s there with you?! Sykes walks toward the door. Jared tries to too but Brand blocks his way.
111) 14) dialog: No. That’s not... Mom? Tell him he has to open the door.
111) 19) dialog: We're coming. Cameron escorts Jared all the way to the exit door. Sykes too steps aside, having been overpowered by forces both sides, allowing Cameron to open the door, The reveal of Nancy is AMAZING. She wears sweats and no m up or jewelry. This is what Nancy looks like when she doe have to present. The real her. Naturally beautiful. Jared shakes Cameron’s hand and then hugs him tight: Than He eyeballs Sykes: ‘You got a problem with this?’ Now Jared joins Nancy as they start to move for the door. Then she turns sharply - NANCY O.S. What actual qualifications do you have Mr. Sykes? I never asked. Hold. Great question. It hangs.
112) 0) text: Jared and Nancy walk fast from the door to the car.
112) 2) dialog: No.
112) 5) dialog: I’m not sure if I’m staying or going. Then Nancy arrives. Jared waits expectantly. She is done again now, albeit a conservative version of herself.
113) 0) text: Jared and his mother and father eat. Given what's happened you would think that there would be much discussion. Instead there is none. Maybe it’s alread been had. Maybe it is to come. Or maybe not. Finally, Marshall takes his plate and leaves. Nancy and J share a look, and she keeps eating unperturbed. Music continues 106.
114) 0) text: Jared sits on his bed. He unzips his L.I.A. bag. He raise his white shirt. Throws it in the trash. Behind him now a unpacks, we hear _a doorbell ring. He turns to register i doesn’t pay too much mind. Moments later he hears a knock his door.
114) 3) dialog: Is he here?
115) 0) text: We follow Jared. A black coat. If it isn’t apparent, it w be as we take in his profile, and then his face full fron as he turns the corner, that it is a few years later. It’s not so much that he has aged. More that he wears a n confidence that wasn’t apparent before. Under his arm he carries a six pack of craft beer and a bottle of wine. He approaches a building in an industrial area -- Jared puts a phone to his ear. An iPhone 1. (It is 2008)
115) 1) dialog: I left my keys. They fixed the buzzer. He buzzes and is buzzed up. We pull sideways to take in - York City. The vast skyline.
116) 0) text: Jared and friends share a drink, post dinner. They are playing a board game. Improvised scene from which -- We move back to see this action now in B.G. From a bedroo discover is Jared's. His phone sits beside his computer a stack of papers. Perhaps we see certain things in the glo An article with Jared’s name on it in an open journal magazine; a photo of him and his Mom posted on a board; Another of him and a boyfriend. Then, as we reach his iPh and push in - it lights up and rings faintly. The vibrati moves it toward the desks edge, until it finally stops teetering over the lip. The glow of the ‘unknown number’ finally goes away. Back with Jared and his friends. Unaware of who was calli him and what it would potentially mean, Jared continues laughing and playing. 107A. LATER: The kitchen is empty. The bottles and dishes can w for another day. We hear Jared farewell a friend 0.S 108.
117) 0) text: Jared works. Now lit by the screen of his desktop, we see evidence of the writer Jared has become. We pick off vari things including a post-it note saying ‘write what you know!!’ Jared types furiously and when an email pings he immediat switches to his email page: an email from - Nancy Eamons: “URGENT -- I WAS RIGHT!!” How could he not open it - A news article: A BOY WHO LOST HIS ARM, HANGING IT OUT OF CAR IN IBIZA.
117) 1) text: Then another PING: He sighs, she has hooked him again, dragging him from work into a text chat. MOM: Are you coming for Thanksgiving? JARED: I don't know I can. MOM: Your dad would love to see you. JARED: I'll come when Dad is away at the convention. Then the phone rings. He snatches it up -
117) 2) dialog: Mom! I’m working. Pause. Then a PING on the computer - Again it is - MOM: Okay. Goodnight. Then, who is on the phone!
117) 4) dialog: Yeah. Who’s this? Jared walks out to the fridge in the darkened kitchen to another beer --
117) 6) dialog: Who is this?
118) 0) text: A truck passing reveals Jared's face cautiously standing the street keenly watching something. He puts his phone t his ear. Another drum beat and we see - the drumming actu comes from a TEEN BOY right by Jared. Jared looks at him a moment. Jared's friend, one we saw from the night before steps up
119) 0) text: Jared pokes his head in. He looks around -- Jared turns the bend cautiously and looks around. 109A. A man stands -- It is Sykes. He looks different. A new haircut. A grey goatee. Loose clothing. Transformed. 110.
119) 2) dialog: How did you get my number?
120) 0) text: Jared closes the door. And it is here, of all places, and this moment that Jared finally releases emotion. His shak hands wipe a tear and he tries to suppress it. But then - It’s too much and IT ALL COMES OUT.
122) 0) text: Jared wipes his eyes and speaks on the phone.
122) 1) dialog: It’s Jared. Hey. I, um... no offense, but could we try this some other time. INTERCUT WITH Sykes. Empathetic, he listens. Something ir in the image of him now facing an empty chair.
124) 0) text: Jared has calmed now. He steadies his breathing, until he ALMOST calm again. As we see this, we hear --
125) 0) text: Jared's car pulls into the family driveway. JARED O.S. Where is he?
126) 0) text: Jared stands in the kitchen table, on a mission. Fierce. Nancy is slightly less ‘made-up’ these days)
126) 2) dialog: I‘1l wait for him to get back.
126) 4) dialog: Mom, he lost part of his congregation on account of me.
126) 6) dialog: Why aren’t you there? At church.
127) 0) text: Jared listens to his mother’s religion -
129) 0) text: Jared enters from the podium side with his Mother as The choir belts out the final bars of - ‘Someday’
129) 1) text: As Jared sits, he catches eyes with Chloe who enters with Wayne (a new couple). Chloe, surprised, offers a small sm Wayne, however, blanks him. Then the crowd settles: Marsh is heading down the aisle, greeting folk when -- He sees Nancy and offers a smile, before spotting Jared. freezes a beat, but then covers and offers a mini salute. Jared turns back, focusing his eyes to the front as -- 113A.
130) 0) text: Jared and Chloe walk in silence until they reach Nancy's WOMAN O.S. Goodbye, Jared. Jared turns and waves to the WOMAN getting in her car.
130) 3) dialog: It’s okay Wayne.
130) 5) dialog: You’re on my father’s property. 114A.
130) 9) dialog: You know Wayne. You or anyone could’a been born just the same.
130) 12) dialog: It’s okay. Wayne was just leaving.
131) 2) dialog: Ministry looks good, Dad.
131) 4) dialog: I won't be here for Christmas. Marshall stops. Nods. It is what it is.
131) 5) dialog: Did you hear about the article in the Times I’ve got coming out? (hold - he does) Do you know what it’s about (MORE )
131) 7) dialog: 
131) 9) dialog: It’s not a fight. I’m just doing the right thing. Letting you know. (beat) I’ve written more, and the publishers are talking about me putting together a whole book. You don’t need to read any of it, but I just needed you to know that it might be out there. And --
131) 11) dialog: But, it might be good for you to read... because you also never really asked what went on there. (beat) You never really knew the staff or - And Marshall continues inside, leaving Jared unresolved.
132) 0) text: Marshall makes notes for a sermon, his bible beside him. Suddenly, a newspaper placed down: Jared’s article (A few fact). Nancy holds Marshall's look. She picks up the bibl
133) 0) text: Jared loads his car. He closes the trunk. He looks to the house. His dad is not coming to say goodbye. He hugs his 116A. Jared is about to drive away. But his mom knocks on the window and Marshall appears at the passenger window. 117.
134) 1) dialog: Is there anything you need help with? Otherwise I should -- Jared turns hesitantly, to leave. But then -
134) 3) dialog: Dad. I live in New York. I don’t need a car. (beat) I don’t want to pretend anymore. It’s okay Dad. I’m okay without all this. (MORE )
134) 5) dialog: Unless we are going to speak to each other properly. Like - (beat (MORE )
134) 7) dialog: I’m gay. I’m gay and I’m your son. And neither of those things are going to change. Hold. Marshall breathes. He looks out over the dealership
134) 16) dialog: Mom is coming to New York for Christmas. You are welcome to come too. Have a think about it. Hold wide as father and son embrace. Then Jared removes himself and sets the keys down. If It Be Your Will - by Leonard Cohen as sung by Antony a the Johnsons starts and carries through --
134) 18) text: INT. JARED'S CAR — DAY Jared drives free and alone along a stretch of Arkansas countryside. He cracks the window to let in the warm bree And his hand goes out the window to dance in that breeze.