4) 9) dialog: Sorry. Had to run here. Apologies. Jon takes a seat. Dressed the same as the rest of the gro his cowboy boots are the only thing that sets him apart. Jared can’t help but steal a look as Jon slouches in his chair. As Sykes continues, Jon hurriedly fixes the last couple of high buttons on his shirt. Sweat has rendered patches of the shirt see-through. Jon catches Jared looki who turns away guiltily.
5) 0) text: It’s tea break. Jared sips tea as he looks around. - Sykes speaks to a fellow staff member. 12. - Sarah sits alone, eating cut carrots and celery. - Lee sits doing nothing. Totally lost. - Nearby, Jon talks with Carl; the super conservative managerial type. Then Jon salutes him in a casual, milita style. During this Jon and Jared catch eyes. Sykes claps his hands together.
22) 1) dialog: Whatever they took, you’ll probably get it back. Don’t sweat it. Jared tries to let it go.
22) 3) dialog: Oh. That. No. I could do the whole handshake thing. I’m just trying zero contact what-so-ever. (MORE )
22) 5) dialog: Twenty-three days now. So I - (he salutes) Salute instead (MORE )
22) 7) dialog: Jared nods awkwardly.
22) 8) dialog: Sure it don’t feel like it right now maybe but you’1ll love it here. You get all sorts but this group seems good.
22) 10) dialog: It’s my second go round in the Refuge Program. I started a couple days late last time and - (beat) I'm actually waiting for a place to open up in one of the houses.
22) 12) dialog: Down the back there, past the fence they got a couple houses for the long-stayers. New Hope house for the men. One for the women too. (points) Those others you saw earlier today, most of them stay there. (beat) Meanwhile, I’m at the Best Western while I wait for my spot. Assuming you're staying at one of the local ‘safe zone’ hotels with a relative too? Jared takes this in.
22) 14) dialog: That’s not really up to me. Sykes decides - sometimes six months. Or else a year. You eighteen?
22) 16) dialog: Then you can stay at the houses. 28A. Off Jared’s look - 29.
22) 17) dialog: Nobody explained that to you? This is just an assessment program, The Refuge. To see what to do with you next. Just then - the doors open and out walks Sarah flanked by Aaron on one side and an older man, possibly a stepfather the other. Everyone watches as she gets ‘put’ in the car an escorted prisoner. Jon takes it in.
22) 18) dialog: Should’a seen her arrive this morning. She’ll be fine. Like I said: ‘all sorts.’ Some are ready for it. Some not. This hangs. Is Jared there by choice or by force? He catc eyes with Gary who leans against the fence.
22) 19) dialog: Lean into it man. It’s the only way to do it and win. S’only way it’s possible. Just lean in. (beat) And it is possible. If you’re on your heels you’ll lean too far away and fall backwards into hell again. No point not leaning in when you get given the chance. Jared absorbs Jon's optimism. He already has identified h as someone to look up to.
22) 24) dialog: Someone's on their way to grab me. Thanks though. And don’t sweat the things they took. Lean in. Think of the bigger picture. He salutes from his perch and Jared starts off - Jared passes Cameron who gets into his Dad’s suburban S.U At a first glimpse, CAMERON’S DAD, a wealthy man, looks l an ex-football player.
29) 0) text: Jared and the gang all ride the short bus. Brandon and Sy flank the aisles near the front. Aaron drives. We are not sure where they are headed. Jared turns for a moment and looks down the aisle - perhaps to see Jon.
65) 0) text: The daily pick-up. Jared goes to collect his cell phone a Jon is leaving the pick-up area, already having taken his see that bruised eye more closely. Jon nods goodbye.
66) 0) text: Jared and Nancy in profile shuffle back after a long day. Jared's eye catches something and he stops briefly. The BEST WESTERN sign. He and Jon are neighbors.
67) 0) text: Jared stands at the window staring at the blue and yellow tower of the BEST WESTERN: Jon’s temporary home. NANCY O.S. We are trying a new place.
68) 0) text: We follow Jared and Nancy toward the BEST WESTERN. Nancy, always dressed like it’s dinner, even when it’s breakfast 63. NANCY O.S. - in search of the perfect soft- boiled egg. INT. THE BEST WESTERN, BUFFET ROOM — MORNING Nancy holds a bedazzled phone in overly manicured hands. Bangles rattle and rings knock against bigger rings. Meanwhile, Jared scans the room, looking for Jon.
69) 1) dialog: Plate? Jared almost answers but then realizes it’s not an offeri for him. Instead - Jon’s brother brushes past.
69) 3) dialog: You want a juice? 63A. And so it comes to be that Jon COMPLETELY IGNORES JARED 64.
71) 0) text: Jon is grabbing a boxed lunch. Jared come up beside him.
71) 2) dialog: Is this all a game to you? What were you doing over there anyway?
71) 4) dialog: (moving off) Okay. You tell yourself that. MOMENTS LATER, Jared sits drinking tea on his own. JON O.S. Listen, man - Jon plants himself in another chair.
71) 5) dialog: You gotta think about why you went there. Seriously. You don’t think I wasn’t fishing for where you were staying when I told you my hotel. These are the urges we gotta stamp out. Whole reason we’re even here. Gotta control this. He taps his head too hard. Admonishing.
71) 9) dialog: True ownership man. That’s what Moral Inventory’s about. Owning your shit. If you want a boiled egg then tell your place how long you want them cooked. They got a kitchen and eggs and a chef. Don’t come to my place pretending. Or else you gotta add it to your M.I. Jon gives a ‘sure you were’ grunt then jumps up seeing Cameron is throwing a football inside with Tina. He joins sees Cameron, suddenly relaxed and happy to have a footba in his hands. Jared stands too... beside Jon. They take turns throwing to Cameron who is now joined by Tina. The group keep throwing, but suddenly STOP when they hear the door open.
86) 0) text: Jared walks along the gravelled edge of the highway. He r a handful of pages, rehearsing for his Moral Inventory. Then - A pick-up pulls next to him. Jon’s brother's car.
86) 1) dialog: Yo. Need a ride? 80A. Jared sees Jon’s brother in the driver’s seat, eyes front 81.
87) 0) text: Jared and Jon have taken a short cut through a park. Jare waits as Jon finishes peeing behind an old abandoned car.
87) 1) dialog: So, I got all these feelings in me, obviously. Toward men and so on. Have since I was thirteen or so. But I never did anything about it. Then, when I got older and discovered booze, I’d get real drunk and I’d let my guard down. Basically I’d wrestle guys and fight just to get the contact ina way that seemed okay. But, you know, people started to notice and talk. Guess I’d go too far too often. (beat) Then, one party, I get real drunk, I mean like super crazy drunk and, while a bunch of people are cheering me and watching me wrestle this kid, I kiss this dude, like full on, on the mouth. (beat) I think in my haze I thought it was okay ‘cause I figured it would look like a domination over a kid everyone was already suspect over. Jared listens, deeply curious.
87) 4) dialog: .- But when I saw it wasn’t working, I had to do something and so -- (He sighs deeply) I really started to whale on this kid... like choked him out and beat his face in... like bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. Bad. (beat) And when it was done I remember I stood up all messy, and put my fist in the air like I’d just won at the U.F.C or something whack... and I was waiting for the cheers, and -- Jared waits - walks - Pause. Pause.
87) 5) dialog: Everyone's faces were like... dead still. Like -‘What the fuck just happened! ?!?'
87) 6) dialog: I haven't been home since. (beat) I'm sorry for it. But it’s also what got me to where I am. So...
87) 7) dialog: And I’m committed, I’m not here to waste anyone’s time, don’t get me wrong, but - (beat) - I am what I am. I don’t think there is any changing me and my thoughts and whatnot. But I do know by staying off the drink and making certain choices, I can just choke that side of me away. Put it aside. There is a difference. Whether you can actually change or just choose different things. Jared absorbs this. Jon knows he can’t change. He just believes he can put his desires in a drawer.
87) 8) dialog: Haven’t touched another guy since. That’s why I don’t even shake hands you know. I’ve just decided that’s it for me. Whatever it takes (MORE )
87) 10) dialog: Jon kicks a rock.
87) 11) dialog: What you got? (beat) What’s your big crazy story? Jared absorbs what he has on his meager pages...
87) 12) dialog: Sykes’s gonna decide you know, based on what you say today, whether you stay another month, three months, six. A year. Finally, Jared stops.
89) 1) dialog: What’s going on Michael?
90) 0) text: The room is now cast in darkness, the windows blacked out Candles flicker and dim lamps otherwise illuminate the ro The centerpiece is the casket. Slivers of sun infiltrate. Jared, Simon, Jon, Carl... all are in attendance. Jared looks across to a handful of NEW PEOPLE: CAMERON’S FAMILY and CLOSE FRIENDS: An OLDER BROTHER and SISTER. An TWO YOUNGER SIBLINGS. The two younger ones are confused a are teary-eyed. CAMERON’S MOTHER also attends along with Cameron’s LOCAL MINISTER (the balding man we saw earlier. Plus a couple of FOOTBALL TEAMMATES, along with their COA 84a. Sykes enters. He gestures for everyone to stand. He grabs chair and sets it down beside the casket, facing the grou 85.
91) 1) text: Jared sees Sykes on the edge of the action, involved but really. Jared turns to go, unable to watch anymore. Interestingly, Sykes doesn't try and stop him. But - Jon does. He grabs for Jared's arm. Jared shakes him off.