7) 6) dialog: - Most underrated component of the game, assists. And you scored some too. Congratulations. A handshake turns into a hug. A rare commodity.
7) 7) dialog: That's victory sweat.
7) 11) dialog: (lights up re: Chloe) And weren’t you something. Another underrated component of the game. Nancy playfully hits her husband.
7) 12) dialog: Moral support. Seriously. How high up were you just now? 16.
7) 14) dialog: You kids going to celebrate? Marshall holds up a Ford key. It’s a big deal, his father giving him the keys to the car.
7) 15) dialog: It’s yours. (off Jared's surprise) The dealership are putting me ina new Explorer Sport. You deserve it. Have fun. Jared launches in to hug his dad. Chloe joins.
7) 16) dialog: It was going to be for your birthday. Congratulations.
7) 18) dialog: No more people than it has seat belts. INT. JARED’S ‘02 FORD MUSTANG - NIGHT. ARKANSAS. SUMMER. A JAMMED CAR. Just the opposite of what his father ordere Jared and Chloe ride up front. In the back are two couple Wayne and Mindy, along with Lance and Cheryl. As they pass parked cars, and kids walking, we see a LAKE the B.G. KIDS are already stripping down and jumping in. They park and everyone goes to get out. Chloe pulls Jared back for a kiss. After a couple of attempts he pulls away
10) 0) text: Marshall sits at the breakfast table. Jared shuffles in dressed in a similar shirt. Jared goes to the fridge.
10) 1) dialog: We'll detail that car today.
10) 3) dialog: Are you ready? I’1l ride with you --
10) 5) dialog: The architect has updated the remodelling plans for the ministry and we are taking a tour of two similar churches there.
10) 7) dialog: I’m okay with you staying there, if they are. I think it’s a good idea (MORE )
10) 9) dialog: 
11) 0) text: Jared and his father get in Jared's car as Nancy waves to them. She is setting up her easel and paints beside Marshall's other hobby: a restored ‘65 Chevy Pick-Up. MARSHALL O.S. You are both mature kids.
12) 0) text: Jared's car turns into the Ford dealership. INT. EAMONS’S FORD DEALERSHIP - DAY Jared walks through the dealership following his father. Jared shakes Big Jim’s hand and is greeted by other worke MARSHALL O.S. Who know how to conduct themselves -
12) 1) dialog: Big Jim. Lead us in prayer today?
14) 0) text: Jared devours ‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ over lunch -- 24. MARSHALL O.S. You gotta learn to take small steps toward manhood, so that you don't have to run, panicking, when it suddenly arrives. Across the table, a voluptuous female employee eats lunch reading a magazine. Jared shares an awkward smile with he
15) 0) text: On Jared, flanked by Nancy, watches Marshall preach.
15) 1) dialog: Let’s see a show of hands -- Wayne, who sits next to Jared, palms him something. A con He winks. Jared is mortified.
15) 2) dialog: Who knows they are imperfect? Everyone’s hands go up. Jared swaps the condom in his han to comply with all the hands firing up in the air.
15) 3) dialog: And those that are? No hands - a polite chuckle from the congregation —
15) 4) dialog: Well, that seems like the perfect segue to my introduction. Jesus spoke to me the day I saw this man first speak, and said ‘listen to, and learn from, this man.’ Which I have done every week in this very church. He has helped me immensely and given me the strength to start my own mission at Mountain Home. Jared catches eyes with Chloe - 25.
15) 5) dialog: He’s about as perfect as any man can get in this world and in his true service to the Lord. My mentor, Pastor Lynn Marks. He passes the mic to the elder Pastor. Marshall then sits front of Jared and turns with a smile and a weird high- five/handshake. Pastor Wilkes climbs the stairs.
32) 0) text: Big Jim, Marshall, Jared and a FOURTH MAN edge along a ri deeper into the woods. They split into two groups. - Later, Jared following Marshall, pulls up to rest. Mars urges him on. A SHOT volleys out over the valley. Jared l back.
33) 0) text: Jared helps Jim and his father winch a DEAD BUCK onto the back of one of Jim’s trucks 40. INT. CARMEN’S STOP - AFTERNOON Jared, dressed in his hunting gear, finishes off his frie he sits alone. Marshall is at the counter with his glasse paying the check and using easy charm with the WAITRESS. Beside Jared's table is A YOUNG MAN, barely 25, his three KIDS and young wife. There is also two men sitting at a window booth that Jared particularly notices. Just then - CHERYL, who works in the diner, comes up to the table.
33) 6) dialog: There are two men sitting by the window. I just paid for their lunch. Tell them I'd appreciate them taking a look at this paper and this verse. For their sake. Jared wants to ask why, but is unable. He knows. 40A.
33) 7) dialog: Men committed shameful acts with other men and received in themselves the due penalty for their error. INT. CARMEN’S STOP - DAY Jared walks back into the diner. He looks to where the me enjoy their lunch. Jared looks out the window to where hi father’s truck is in clear view, watching. He moves in th direction holding the pamphlet behind his back.
34) 0) text: Jared gets back into the truck. Marshall is staring at hi After a long silence --
34) 1) dialog: What did they say? 40B.
62) 0) text: Jared sits on his bed reading. A knock comes to the door. MARSHALL O.S. Jared? Something in the tone of his voice makes Jared concerned.
63) 1) dialog: Did he give you a name? Answer my question?!
63) 3) dialog: Answer me. Are you doing all the things he says?
63) 5) dialog: Enough. I command you -
63) 9) dialog: Nancy. Leave the room.
63) 11) dialog: No. You sit down.
63) 13) dialog: 
63) 15) dialog: He just said ‘counselor’. I (a warning) asked for his name -- -- Nancy.
63) 17) dialog: See. NANCY! Nancy starts to retreat. Finally she leaves.
63) 19) dialog: Okay son... Let’s sit and talk calmly. Man to man.
63) 21) dialog: -- Is it true? He said you've been... that you are a homosexual. Jared sighs deeply. He gets up and moves for the door.
63) 22) dialog: Hey. We are not finished. 58A.
63) 26) dialog: Answer me! What this man (correcting) says... - What this full-of-shit guy who is not a counselor and -
63) 27) dialog: Is it true?
63) 28) dialog: Who didn’t have the spine to Son!! give his own name -
63) 34) dialog: Your mother is making dinner.
63) 36) dialog: I want you to write down this boy’s name and the name of this Pentecostal Church. If he did what you say then it needs to be reported.
63) 38) dialog: I think this matter is a little too important for us to get into the business of protecting anyone. Jared looks at the paper and pen. Marshall moves to leave
63) 39) dialog: Eric is coming over tomorrow to discuss rewiring for the new ministry. (beat) I extended the invitation to Chloe and Brandy too. I'd appreciate it if you stuck around another -
63) 41) dialog: If you can miss one day of classes, I’m sure one more is not going to end the world. (beat) (MORE )
63) 43) dialog: Why did you come back in the first place? Mid-week? The way he asks it still feels like he mistrusts his son 61.
63) 44) dialog: You know there is nothing like the feeling of... being with a woman. If you knew what it was like -
63) 46) dialog: You know what I think about those kind of games too. Marshall leaves. Distracted, Jared is swamped by soldiers Game Over. He sits in silence for a moment and then - Jared explodes. The closest thing we have seen to rage. H rips the cord from the controller out of the system and throws it across the room.
64) 0) text: Marshall looks at his ministry architectural plans while Nancy preps dinner. A somber mood. Broken as - Jared enters and drops the ENTIRE gaming system on the ta
64) 7) dialog: Thanks for coming Jim. Pastor.
78) 0) text: Jared sits on the stairs, listening to murmured conversat but not being able to hear clearly. Suddenly Marshall app at the base of the stairs.
78) 1) dialog: Can we see you in the kitchen please.
79) 1) dialog: You know Pastor Wilkes and Jim obviously. Jared says his ‘hellos’, curious about the stack of broch of a ‘Christian Nature’ that are piled on the table. The L.I.A. logo of the heart in a triangle is prominent here. His father seems strung out and tired, but there is a paternal care and gentleness that still exists, despite 75.
79) 2) dialog: We have one question and then I'11l let you sleep. It’s been a big day. I've shared our conversation with these two fine and trustworthy men and asked for their guidance. Now, we don’t have all the answers but you hold the key to the next step. (beat) In your heart, do you wanna change? Hold. It is a big question.
79) 3) dialog: And I have to be forthright here before you answer. I don’t think continuing to live and be part of things at home is going to be easy for you if the answer is ‘no.’ I don’t wanna make that a more bitter pill to swallow, but, if the answer is ‘no’ then I have to be tough and protect my needs with the ministry taking flight and my commitment to my whole flock. (beat) Your mother and I can’t see a way to have you under this roof and attending service and working at the dealership and driving that car if you go against the grain of our beliefs. There it is - an ultimatum. Jared looks at his mother, wh can’t bear to look at him. In that moment he feels alone.
79) 4) dialog: Well son? LONG Pause.
79) 6) dialog: I was hoping for a quicker answer. But, okay. (beat) Can you be free in the morning for your mother to take you to see Dr. Muldoon? (Jared frowns/nods (MORE )
79) 8) dialog: Then Pastor Wilkes has invited us to accompany him to the jail tomorrow. (the Pastor’s steely look) Take a seat - They all link hands.
80) 0) text: Jared, alone, eats. His sleeves are rolled up and a cotto bud taped in the crook of his left arm. He watches - Through the glass, Nancy and Marshall in conversation wit Big Jim. Jim heads for the lunch room.
81) 0) text: Jared trails Pastor Wilkes and Marshall as they go throug the prison security check 79. . A big multi-bag of peanut M&M’s gets scanned along with three King James Bibles and pamphlets.
81) 1) dialog: Candy to anyone who can recite at least two verses from the bible. (beat) If a want for candy tricks them into finding truth in the gospel, then -- We have to appeal to their lower natures before we can appeal to their higher ones. Jared nods. Marshall, seeing Jared's fear, offers hima reassuring pat on the shoulder.
83) 0) text: Marshall and Jared approach the car. Marshall eats M&M’s. Then hands the bag to Jared, who is still deep in memory the pastor’s warning. They get in -
83) 1) dialog: You going to stay for dinner? Or --
83) 3) dialog: We'll get through this son. Then Marshall turns on the radio: Credence Clearwater rev blasts out: There’s a Bad Moon on the Rise 80.
113) 0) text: Jared and his mother and father eat. Given what's happened you would think that there would be much discussion. Instead there is none. Maybe it’s alread been had. Maybe it is to come. Or maybe not. Finally, Marshall takes his plate and leaves. Nancy and J share a look, and she keeps eating unperturbed. Music continues 106.
129) 2) dialog: The night before the crucifixion. Jesus and the disciples are heading down the Kidron Valley toward the Garden of Gethsemane. Vines are everywhere. (MORE )
129) 4) dialog: On Jared, aware that his presence has created a stir.
129) 5) dialog: So Jesus pointed to the vines and said these words: ‘Just like those grapes depend on the vine, so should you depend on me.’ On Jared focusing on his father, in his element. You can he is charismatic as the congregation hang on his words.
129) 6) dialog: ‘Be fruitful’ is the subject of today’s sermon.
131) 1) dialog: I’ve got some work to do and then I’m going to turn in.
131) 3) dialog: Glad you could make it. Well, if I don’t see you early, I'll see you in a few weeks at Christmas.
131) 8) dialog: (he knows ) Listen I don’t want to get into a fight. Your mother told me about -
131) 10) dialog: Yeah. Well, now I know. Jared is arming up for a confrontation. Hard as it is.
132) 0) text: Marshall makes notes for a sermon, his bible beside him. Suddenly, a newspaper placed down: Jared’s article (A few fact). Nancy holds Marshall's look. She picks up the bibl
133) 0) text: Jared loads his car. He closes the trunk. He looks to the house. His dad is not coming to say goodbye. He hugs his 116A. Jared is about to drive away. But his mom knocks on the window and Marshall appears at the passenger window. 117.
133) 1) dialog: You mind driving me to the dealership? Got some stuff to organize. Marshall gets in and they pull away. Nancy waves good bye
133) 3) dialog: Come on in for a second.
134) 0) text: Marshall turns, looking around in the expansive showroom. seems confused. Agitated.
134) 2) dialog: Hold on. This was going to be for Christmas. (he hands Jared keys) It’s an Explorer. Your mother said you and your friends drive up --
134) 8) dialog: This was all going to be yours you know? (beat) Still will be. I meant, to run and make a living from. But, I know you got other fish to fry. (beat) I ran your grandfather’s mill, like he wanted, until I had the gall to tell him I didn’t want that. He is still looking around, not making eye contact. Then
134) 9) dialog: I stayed up all night trying to think of good reasons to convince you to keep everything to yourself... the book and whatnot... but then I thought that would be like your grandpa forcing me to run the mill. Jared listens.
134) 10) dialog: I like to do what I want, so who am I to get in anybody else’s way? He turns to Jared.
134) 11) dialog: The truth is I do want you to do well and have a good life. I know we don’t agree on a handful of things. And, I realize by what’s happened, I’ve set myself up to lose you. I had to ask myself and God if I was ready for that. (beat) Your mother said a prayer that she got comfort from. Whether it was her that needed to change and not you... My prayer didn’t so much give me comfort. I don’t think I am ready to lose you and so I wanted to let you know - (MORE )
134) 13) dialog: Marshall is not the eloquent man he was in church.
134) 14) dialog: -- that I am going to try. I’m sorry it’s not more, and I understand if that is not good enough for you. That’s on me. (beat) Son, I tend to be more eloquent in front of full congregation than this. I guess, I prepare for that. He takes a big breath in and out. Smiles ruefully.
134) 15) dialog: ‘I’m trying’ is the subject of today’s sermon. Marshall hangs his head. Jared steps forward and hugs him