2) 0) text: Michael picks through Jared’s possessions, scrutinizing e thing placed down: coins; cash; gum; a plastic hotel key- card; the bag containing the book, and; his wallet. He starts going through the wallet, while throwing the g the trash. Jared reacts. Jared holds out his cell phone unsure who to give it to. Aaron takes it from Jared and puts it with the pile.
2) 1) dialog: Do you have any numbers or photos we need to be concerned about? On Jared. Thinks. Shakes his head slowly. It reads like h not convinced. Michael’s eyes drill into him.
2) 2) dialog: We will check this daily for any ‘False Imaging’ and call any numbers we want to at random. So best you be straight with all this.
2) 4) dialog: Who will answer if I call this number?
2) 6) dialog: Anything else? Aaron starts to pat Jared down. He finds something --
2) 11) dialog: Most things you get back at the end each day.
2) 13) dialog: Forgetting something else? Hold. Jared already feels in trouble. Then Michael takes Jared's L.I.A. handbook from the plastic bag. On it we se logo: an upside down triangle with a red heart in it.
2) 14) dialog: You need the handbook at all times. Good luck.
6) 6) dialog: Oh, sorry. Big D little v for domestic violence. Cameron now adds ‘Dv’ next to his Dad. 14.
21) 0) text: Jared is handed a zip-lock bag containing his possessions Michael. Jared opens his phone, just to check it.
21) 1) dialog: Tomorrow at nine. Jared starts to walk toward the exit, as Michael moves ba down the bowels of L.I.A. Jared turns, holding his Molesk
21) 3) dialog: False Imaging. Jared looks at the book with the pages crudely ripped out
21) 5) dialog: Sykes will decide that.
89) 0) text: There is trash bag in the center of the room and, from it the members of the group are trying on black and dark-blu blazer coats as instructed by Michael and Aaron.
89) 2) dialog: Sykes can tell you. Try this on. Jon and Jared try on coats. They are handed ties too as - Sykes enters looking troubled 84.
108) 32) dialog: No! Stop!! You are not listening to him! You are not taking this seriously.
108) 34) dialog: You're not. You're pathetic, and a liar. And you don’t wanna change at all. He doesn’t want to change -