0) 3) dialog: Are you ready, honey? Jared looks away for a beat, then turns with a convincing smile and starts walking. They leave frame. INT. L.I.A. FOYER -— CONTINUOUS L.I.A. is an acronym for ‘Love In Action’ -- But we shoul not know that yet. There is no signage. Grey-blue carpet covers an expansive floor space. Stark w walls with no hangings or decorations. Some empty basic chairs lining one section of wall. Heavy doors lead off t unknown rooms. A potted plant in a corner seems an afterthought. N.B.: For now we should see it as a dry, clinical facilit It should feel like a juvenile detention center of some k -- Through the glass of the aluminum framed doors we see Jared and Nancy approach uncertainly - then enter. Nancy’s ensemble is elegant, if not a little gaudy and mismatched: a Southern Belle dress and a shoulder padded coat. She wears heels and clutches a white bedazzled purs Jared's white shirt is tucked into a pair of brand new kh with no belt. He wears rubber soled black shoes and holds book in a blue plastic shopping bag. They look an odd pair: A tall ‘Tammy Baker’ mother escort her awkward, ultra conservative, son.
0) 5) dialog: Nancy.
0) 11) dialog: Call me if you need anything. I’1l be at the hotel and on my cell ph--
7) 5) dialog: Yay!!! You set up so many points. I saw -
7) 8) dialog: Eww.
7) 13) dialog: We were worried. What if they dropped you? Chloe takes Jared’s hand.
9) 26) dialog: Jared honey? Jared tries to shut the screen but gets the ‘spinning whe The image is stuck halfway. He tries again but the image downloads one bar further. Nancy approaches. Thinking qui he turns the screen to black.
9) 27) dialog: I'm starting a new painting. Which one do you like best (MORE )
9) 29) dialog: She holds up two images (both of the family). He picks on She stays there continuing to look at the photos.
9) 31) dialog: Make sure you pack for Dallas. I think your father wants to go straight from church tomorrow. Nancy leaves. Did she see or not see the glistening muscu man in the underpants ad? He brings the screen up again. image, no longer enjoyable, is a just source of guilt.
11) 0) text: Jared and his father get in Jared's car as Nancy waves to them. She is setting up her easel and paints beside Marshall's other hobby: a restored ‘65 Chevy Pick-Up. MARSHALL O.S. You are both mature kids.
15) 0) text: On Jared, flanked by Nancy, watches Marshall preach.
22) 21) dialog: Hey! How was it? Was it fun and interesting? Jared stands up, a little embarrassed. She waves to Jon -
22) 22) dialog: Hi. I’m the Mom. (no response) I’1l1 turn around. Nancy starts the turn as Jared gets set to leave - 30.
23) 0) text: Nancy’s car pulls onto the highway, into the dimming Memp sunlight, toward the glowing row of cheap hotel lights. Jared winds down the window and puts his arm out, dancing the breeze.
23) 1) dialog: Please don’t do that. I’ve told you that makes me nervous. What if a truck comes and...
23) 3) dialog: It’s happened before. It has. He pulls his arm back in and winds the window up.
24) 1) dialog: Well? I wanna know about your day (MORE )
24) 3) dialog: 
24) 5) dialog: I don’t need gossip. You can speak generally.
24) 8) dialog: ‘Pornography?’ The people at the booth behind turn and she lowers her vo
24) 9) dialog: ‘Drugs.’ ‘Gang affiliations?!’ What is this?
24) 11) dialog: Gang affiliations?
25) 0) text: Jared and his mother walk the long hall to the room. NANCY O.S. Why does the family matter? Our family is so... normal. As Nancy enters the room, Jared clocks Sarah and her stepfather a little way down the hall 32.
26) 1) text: Nancy enters from the bathroom and places a piece of pape the top of his L.I.A. handbook: Jared’s Genogram homework
26) 2) dialog: Sleep well. Big day tomorrow. As she walks away, he examines the paper.
26) 3) dialog: I was only with the gang for a year or so... Until I went down for drugs, and got sent to prison.
36) 0) text: Jared brushes his teeth - his shirt is off. He examines a bruise on the back of his shoulder: a baseball strike? Bu enjoys the wound, like a new sense of his manhood. Then - he catches himself with one hand on his hip. He cl down on the tooth brush and stands ala Brandon: two hands hip; hand back; legs wide - proudly faking it. Soon Nancy joins and they both brush side by side.
40) 0) text: Jared and Nancy eat dinner, Jared scarfing down food whil doing his L.I.A. homework and referring to the HANDBOOK. Headphones on, he flicks through his Moleskin with the ri out pages. We see his notes -- Moral Inventory and... Without going into ‘graphic detail catalogue all immoral and sexual experiences & He adds... ‘How you came to be at L.I.A.?'
59) 0) text: The phone rings in the kitchen. We follow Nancy as she wi her hands and moves to answer.
59) 1) dialog: Hello?
61) 0) text: Nancy is chirpy but somehow senses something ominous. 56A.
61) 1) dialog: This is she. Who am I speaking to (MORE )
61) 3) dialog: We hear Henry's mumbled voice on the other end of the lin
61) 4) text: We move in on Nancy’s ‘not so great’ portrait of the fami now hanging on the wall.
61) 5) dialog: Yes? What about him?
63) 0) text: We SMASH INTO A FIERCE FAMILY ARGUMENT. Jared IS AT WAR w his father. Under interrogation. Nancy is the bystander.
63) 7) dialog: He didn’t give me his name. (wavers ) I don’t think. 57A. They both look to Nancy 58.
63) 15) dialog: He just said ‘counselor’. I (a warning) asked for his name -- -- Nancy.
63) 16) dialog: --- and a number but...
64) 0) text: Marshall looks at his ministry architectural plans while Nancy preps dinner. A somber mood. Broken as - Jared enters and drops the ENTIRE gaming system on the ta
64) 6) dialog: Are you sure honey? INT. JARED’S ROOM - FAMILY HOME - NIGHT Jared is watching through a crack in the door. He sees - In the kitchen his father sitting, embracing his mother. he hears a car and moves to the window. He is alarmed to Two men approach the house: Big Jim and Pastor Wilkes. Marshall walks to greet them. It’s definitely conspirator And it’s definitely something to do with Jared. He moves the landing to watch them enter the house, careful to avo being seen.
66) 0) text: Jared and Nancy in profile shuffle back after a long day. Jared's eye catches something and he stops briefly. The BEST WESTERN sign. He and Jon are neighbors.
67) 0) text: Jared stands at the window staring at the blue and yellow tower of the BEST WESTERN: Jon’s temporary home. NANCY O.S. We are trying a new place.
68) 0) text: We follow Jared and Nancy toward the BEST WESTERN. Nancy, always dressed like it’s dinner, even when it’s breakfast 63. NANCY O.S. - in search of the perfect soft- boiled egg. INT. THE BEST WESTERN, BUFFET ROOM — MORNING Nancy holds a bedazzled phone in overly manicured hands. Bangles rattle and rings knock against bigger rings. Meanwhile, Jared scans the room, looking for Jon.
68) 1) dialog: We're about to find out. As Jared cracks the top off a soft-boiled egg, Nancy stretches out those hands in suspenseful expectation: The pantomime of ‘Did they get it right?’ One of their many ‘games.’ Off Jared’s reaction, she clenches her fists: ‘foiled again.’
68) 2) dialog: Overcooked. (into the phone) If they have an office in Memphis, I could check the color swatches down here. I think a muted green is a good match with oak. Blue is always a little dominant, regardless of shade. Jared goes back to scanning the room. Then he finds - Jon. Trailed by a guy (20s). An older brother Jared guess an even manlier version of Jon. The brother hangs back to talk on his cell, as Jon hits the buffet.
73) 5) dialog: It’s still early. Do you want to watch a movie (MORE )
73) 7) dialog: 
73) 9) dialog: What about an animation?
73) 11) dialog: You want fresh air? Jared reaches out his hand and his hand dances with the a
73) 12) dialog: You know I don’t like - Honey...
73) 16) dialog: Parents want to protect their kids.
73) 18) dialog: I think those are okay lies. 70A. Jared, realizing he’s been unfairly combative, pulls his back just a little bit 71.
73) 20) dialog: What have I ever done to you? I’m not a drunk or a divorcee. Your father and I don’t fight. We barely even raise our voices. (beat) Talk about me however you want, my conscience is clean. Nancy stops. She hit ‘my’ a little too hard. Silence.
73) 21) dialog: I think I should read the book too. (beat) See what it’s all about. Read these rules and what not. (no answer) They get to discuss us. I think we should know about them too. We are paying for it, and trusting them with your care. Jared winds his window up: Happy? He leans against the gl
75) 2) dialog: Honey. Is everything okay? He nods. She holds up the handbook. That’s when he notice she has taken it from the nightstand.
75) 3) dialog: I'm reading it. No debate. I need to know what’s inside of it.
75) 9) dialog: Almighty Dog.
76) 0) text: Nancy washes dishes. We move in on her slowly from behind The clatter of dishes. Then she stops, rock still. She is crying. And we pull back - there behind her on the table is Jared gaming console. It’s the night Jared declared himself. She hears men entering the house and turns so we see her mascara stained cheeks. She leaves the room. O.S. Sounds of Nancy vomiting.
77) 0) text: Nancy post vomit, steps up to the mirror and, redoes her liner. With each application she calms herself with -
77) 1) dialog: Everything. Is. Going. To. Be -- Hearing noise she puts on her happy voice.
77) 2) dialog: One minute. JARED O.S. Mom?
77) 3) dialog: Oh. Yes honey? 73A.
77) 7) dialog: I think your father is having a meeting. (no point lying) Because of that call today and what you just told us. (beat) Pastor Wilkes has dealt with this kind of thing before. Jim’s son Sam. When you were just a boy.
77) 9) dialog: Oh, silly. They didn’t do anything to him. They did things for him. Just like your father is wondering what to do for you. To help you. (beat) You go to your room. Everything is going to be okay. I promise.
80) 0) text: Jared, alone, eats. His sleeves are rolled up and a cotto bud taped in the crook of his left arm. He watches - Through the glass, Nancy and Marshall in conversation wit Big Jim. Jim heads for the lunch room.
85) 0) text: Nancy wakes up. She looks around. Jared is gone. On his freshly made bed, she finds a note -
105) 0) text: Behind: Nancy, in her Jackie O’s, and Jared walk the hall
111) 7) dialog: Jared! (MORE )
111) 9) dialog: Heavy POUNDING comes from the other side of the exit door
111) 11) dialog: (breathless and LOUD) JARED!!! Honey? What’s happening?
111) 20) dialog: Are you a doctor? A psychologist? A real proper one? Nothing -- NANCY O.S. Just as I thought. Shame on you. Shame on you. It’s true. No disputing it. Nancy and Jared continue to e 104.
112) 0) text: Jared and Nancy walk fast from the door to the car.
112) 1) dialog: They following?
112) 3) dialog: Don’t look at me. I’m a mess. (beat) You said hurry. They get in the car. And they drive away as fast as Nancy will drive. Maybe one spin of the tires. Music starts - INT. THE PEABODY HOTEL, MEMPHIS —- EARLY EVENING Jared sits alone in the affluent, green and cream dining of the famous hotel. It is early and almost empty.
112) 6) dialog: Your father wants you to go back. Hold. We can see Jared's crest fall. Nancy sits.
112) 7) dialog: I told him... we’ll see him at home. I told him you are not going back. (beat) That night Pastor Wilkes and Jim came to the house? (MORE )
112) 11) dialog: . And that may be so with some things, but a mother knows when something isn’t right, and I knew in my bones it wasn’t hurting to help. I was just letting you down and I kept my mouth shut. I’11 always regret that. (beat) So I’m going to do a different thing now I have a chance. I'1l handle your father. He can fall into line with me for a change. Jared allows his mother’s embrace. Now she lifts the mood
112) 12) dialog: I bet this hotel is “off limits?” Out of the “safe zone.” He smiles at her use of the L.I.A. jargon.
112) 13) dialog: We may as well have a drink. (small laugh) One of my ideas, one of my many ideas, that I know would have made a lot of money... ‘Minister’s Wives Gone Wild.’ She gets up heroically, not an ounce of fear, and turns a the brave should follow the brave - ‘come on’
112) 14) dialog: Let’s go to the bar. Jared smiles and stands, buoyed by her support.
113) 0) text: Jared and his mother and father eat. Given what's happened you would think that there would be much discussion. Instead there is none. Maybe it’s alread been had. Maybe it is to come. Or maybe not. Finally, Marshall takes his plate and leaves. Nancy and J share a look, and she keeps eating unperturbed. Music continues 106.
114) 1) dialog: (knocking) Honey. Jared turns -—
114) 2) dialog: Do you know a boy by the name of Cameron Van Huessen?
114) 4) dialog: No honey. That’s a sheriff. He’s come to ask you some questions. Apparently this Cameron boy killed himself today. The world drops away. And much like Cameron's fake funera we absorb his death in a similar fashion: slowly -- -- Jared sits to talk to a young sheriff. The sheriff tak Jared's statement. Behind the sheriff - -- Jared sees him father move away up. -- The Sheriff is seen to the door and the whole family disperses into separate rooms. - Jared walks into his room. He turns and sees his father watching him. Jared closes his door.
117) 0) text: Jared works. Now lit by the screen of his desktop, we see evidence of the writer Jared has become. We pick off vari things including a post-it note saying ‘write what you know!!’ Jared types furiously and when an email pings he immediat switches to his email page: an email from - Nancy Eamons: “URGENT -- I WAS RIGHT!!” How could he not open it - A news article: A BOY WHO LOST HIS ARM, HANGING IT OUT OF CAR IN IBIZA.
126) 0) text: Jared stands in the kitchen table, on a mission. Fierce. Nancy is slightly less ‘made-up’ these days)
126) 1) dialog: Honey. It’s Sunday. If it’s urgent, you'll have to go to the church.
126) 3) dialog: You haven’t even seen it. Not with all the fittings and filled with people. He’s so proud of it. (beat) Like he’s proud of you.
126) 5) dialog: You've made that a bigger deal than it ever was. Honey - (beat) What is the matter? Is everything -
126) 7) dialog: I don’t always go. I do to support your father sometimes. But, he knows. I have my own religion. (off Jared's expression) Everyone else creates religions to suit themselves, so I figured, why couldn’t I. 112A. INT. NANCY'S CAR — DAY Nancy at the wheel. The sun sheds a warm glow on Nancy 113. NANCY O.S. I love God and God loves me. And I love my son. Nancy turns to smile. Jared returns the look.
127) 1) dialog: And if He doesn’t love my son too, then I will stop loving Him. Jared wipes a tear, trying not to be drawn into feeling -
127) 2) dialog: For your father it is a little more complicated than that.
128) 0) text: Nancy’s car travels the highway. Her car peals left and w continue up the highway.
128) 1) dialog: Your call. Church left. Or right if you wanna go see a movie instead.
129) 1) text: As Jared sits, he catches eyes with Chloe who enters with Wayne (a new couple). Chloe, surprised, offers a small sm Wayne, however, blanks him. Then the crowd settles: Marsh is heading down the aisle, greeting folk when -- He sees Nancy and offers a smile, before spotting Jared. freezes a beat, but then covers and offers a mini salute. Jared turns back, focusing his eyes to the front as -- 113A.
130) 0) text: Jared and Chloe walk in silence until they reach Nancy's WOMAN O.S. Goodbye, Jared. Jared turns and waves to the WOMAN getting in her car.
130) 11) dialog: Okay. Sorry. Sorry.
132) 0) text: Marshall makes notes for a sermon, his bible beside him. Suddenly, a newspaper placed down: Jared’s article (A few fact). Nancy holds Marshall's look. She picks up the bibl
132) 1) dialog: I think you’ve read that one. He goes to take her hand but she moves off. We see Jared the background, like he did the night Pastor Wilkes and J helped determine his fate, peering through the door.