3) 2) dialog: ‘Off hours. All clients to remain within the ‘Safe Zone areas as designated.’ Les Romains de la Décadence, Thomas Couture. Credits continue over -- An aerial shot of Memphis. Then shots of basic, boring diners and hotels. Family Portrait by Gillis van Tilborgh. NB: The withering look of the central bored male pilgrim facing the viewer. Now - Cameron. Cropped hair. All of 17, he is a hulking l backer in the making with a baby face. He reads nervously
5) 0) text: It’s tea break. Jared sips tea as he looks around. - Sykes speaks to a fellow staff member. 12. - Sarah sits alone, eating cut carrots and celery. - Lee sits doing nothing. Totally lost. - Nearby, Jon talks with Carl; the super conservative managerial type. Then Jon salutes him in a casual, milita style. During this Jon and Jared catch eyes. Sykes claps his hands together.
25) 0) text: Jared and his mother walk the long hall to the room. NANCY O.S. Why does the family matter? Our family is so... normal. As Nancy enters the room, Jared clocks Sarah and her stepfather a little way down the hall 32.
37) 0) text: The words “Fake it till you Make it” written on the board Then - Sykes steps into frame, perusing - The bewildered faces of the group staring back. SYKES O.S. Moral Inventory. (beat) Now the real work starts. Catalogue your sins and ask God’s forgiveness for your wrongs. Sarah -- Sarah hesitates to get out of her chair. She finally does passes Aaron who is setting a video camera on a tripod. H secondary task here seems to record significant events.
37) 3) dialog: .-..and it was there that I had sinful thoughts of other girls (MORE )
37) 5) dialog: - I would look at other girls in the changing rooms before gym. And in the showers. My biggest sin is one that I am also thankful for because it has led me to Love In Action. (beat) I had run away from my uncle’s house and stayed with some girls I knew whose parents were away. And it was there that for a few days I finally acted on my homosexual thoughts. (breathes ) I renounce these sinful thoughts and actions and I ask God to forgive me all these things - Jared watches. He knows that he’ll be up there soon cataloging his own sins.
38) 0) text: Sykes sets up the ‘LIE CHAIR’ exercise. Two empty chairs facing each other: a role-playing exercise. Sarah takes one of the seats, waiting with dread. SYKES O.S. Go Sarah. There he is in that chair --
38) 7) dialog: I'm trying...
38) 9) dialog: I’m trying to find the right words. Sykes unleashes a trial mock tirade on the empty chair.
38) 11) dialog: Joe.
38) 13) dialog: It was two of them. Joe and Leila.
38) 18) dialog: Leila wasn’t my aunt. She was my cousin that lived with Uncle Joe.
39) 0) text: It’s tea break, Jared walks over to a shaken Sarah.
39) 2) dialog: You're at the Hampton right? I seen you there. (off his look) Seven o’clock can you meet me by the ATM in the dining area. Bring your phone. Please. Jared nods and moves away, conflicted by the encounter. Through the open door Jared sees Sykes with two PARENTS. somewhat heated: admonishment by the father. Then we see backpack on. The father turns on Sykes --
41) 0) text: Jared walks into the hallway leading to the bathrooms. It empty apart from the ATM. Then the bathroom door opens up Sarah peeks through. Seeing Jared she marches over covert and puts her hand out. He hands her his phone and just as quickly she disappears into the bathroom. He waits. Awkwardly. That’s when he sees - Sykes, with a woman and kids, ages six and four. They mov into the restaurant. Seemingly, an average American famil Jared nervously hides behind the ATM and waits guiltily. is he doing? What if he gets caught? Finally Sarah emerges wiping her eyes. She hands Jared th phone and utters -
41) 1) dialog: Don’t you dare tell anyone. Jared watches her sneak away like she was never even ther
75) 0) text: Jared sits on his bed as his mother showers in the bathro Jared flips open his phone and finds the number Sarah dia two days before. He presses dial after a moment of deliberation. Waits... Then -