7) 2) dialog: Chloe wants to have sex with you. She lands now,_in real time and the sound returns to norm
7) 3) text: Jared sits on the bench, leaning into his friend Wayne. H didn’t hear. Basketball players press in front of them. 15.
7) 4) dialog: I said Chloe is down to do it. She's been asking Mindy and Mindy has been positive for obvious reasons. So you can thank me. Before Jared can respond - The buzzer rings sounds and th St. Martin’s Colonels, basketball team are in a GROUP HUG Soon, friends and family members are among them offering congratulations. Jared's parents approach. We recognize Nancy but his dad will now meet: MARSHALL. He limps over in a mismatched bl and pants. A sturdy man in his 50s.
8) 0) text: A sprawl of wet, undressing youth all in bathers or underwear. Jared strips down and heads for his teammates who are alr splashing in the water. He passes - A flat-bed truck that is reversed close to the water’s ed A couple of guys are trying to set up speakers. Meanwhile Chloe and the girls undress more carefully, hanging cloth in trees or folding them into neater piles. Then the music BLARES, received with a victorious cry. Br Me to Life - Evanescence. Another cheer rings out simply the choice of song. Through the opening riff - The girls continue to undress while -— In the lake other kids start to ‘air-drum’ to the song. Jared and his mates tune in too, all playing their air guitars. Then, as the song shifts gear, Wayne splashes La and the others and they start to wrestle and play-fight - Jared jumps into the fray, grappling with Wayne, fully committing to the camaraderie. Then - Wayne breaks free.
8) 1) dialog: Holy.... Dude. Check it out. And then Jared turns to see - - what would normally make any teenage boy quiver immediately: Chloe in a white bra and panties, semi see- through when wet. She is full breasted and wading, barely deep, in the water. The boys all stare - at the trio of girls: pure teenage fantasies wading in the lake. Jared t back to the guys.
8) 2) dialog: Bro. What’s wrong with you? Go. Go. That’s the trophy. The guys all push Jared toward Chloe. It’s a slow approac
8) 3) dialog: You know white is see through when it’s wet Chloe? A few chuckles from the boys. 18.
8) 5) dialog: You may as well take it off, cause we can pretty much see it all.
8) 7) dialog: Say it. You can’t even say it.
9) 0) text: Jared and Wayne by the bonfire. Lance and Nick dress clos by. Wayne offers sage advice on sex -—
9) 2) dialog: We've done it four times now. Jared nods. His friend is an expert.
9) 3) dialog: It’s pretty awesome dude. I have to say. I mean, I’m sure it’d be even better just relaxing on a nice bed instead of in the corner of a barn or in some dark closet with an actual real fear of getting caught and shot by Mr. Riggs. But - Even still, it’s a-mazing. (beat) It’s like being in a place you've been told over and over is bad and then you get in there and you are like - ‘how is this bad? I wanna be in here forever.’
9) 7) dialog: It’s warm. And it gives you this amazing great feeling.
9) 11) dialog: Plus, man. Listen. This whole no sex before marriage thing... would your dad expect a customer to buy a car without test-driving it? See. You almost have to try it. (good point) You won’t wanna stop dude. Seriously. Try it. You'll see. This lands with Jared. The thought that maybe sex with Ch could make him snap out of his thoughts aimed at men. He looks across at her on opposite side of the fire. She has finished dressing and wears his hoody. INT/EXT JARED'S FORD / CHLOE’S FAMILY HOME - NIGHT Elton John's - “Sad songs said so much" plays as Jared pu up to Chloe’s family home. Their hair is still wet.
129) 1) text: As Jared sits, he catches eyes with Chloe who enters with Wayne (a new couple). Chloe, surprised, offers a small sm Wayne, however, blanks him. Then the crowd settles: Marsh is heading down the aisle, greeting folk when -- He sees Nancy and offers a smile, before spotting Jared. freezes a beat, but then covers and offers a mini salute. Jared turns back, focusing his eyes to the front as -- 113A.
130) 2) dialog: Yo. Chloe wanted me to apologize.
130) 4) dialog: Just shake my hand. (he does. Wayne grips) Stay away from her. Yeah? We don’t wanna see you again around here. Or you and me got trouble.
130) 6) dialog: Your father agrees with me. You are an abomination. Don’t come near us (MORE )
130) 8) dialog: (heading for the car) Or, I swear to God I’ll get my M-4 and put one in your skull. True hate right there. But Jared meets it with kindness.
130) 10) dialog: Then I’d shoot myself. NANCY O.S. We could arrange that Wayne. I'm sure there's plenty of guns here. Jared turns to see Nancy has arrived back at the car.