97) 0) text: A section of the Fine Arts building turned gallery space. People mill about. A decent crowd. Jared steps into frame He raises a glass of wine to his lips. He is staring at - The Mormon style image of Jesus. The same ultra-color Blo depiction as the flyer. The actual artwork is five feet b six. HUGE. We see that in Jesus’s hand is an image of a C PHONE. It’s controversial in a playful way. To Jared it is distasteful and somewhat irrelevant. Trite turns and places his drink down and suddenly stops, seein A BEAUTIFUL BOY (20), gesturing to a small group about an image: MARY. Arms in offering, a Virtual Reality system o her face. Someone in the group shakes his hands in congratulations, and he nods humbly in thanks. This is th ARTIST. Xavier. Jared is transfixed. Not by the image, but by Xavier. And then Xavier catches him and looks right back. He step front of the image so that he appears Jesus-like. Divine: Mary's offering arms seem to be his.
97) 2) text: Jared does not turn away. Xavier gestures ‘cheers’ with h wine and moves away. Jared keeps staring.
98) 0) text: Jared walks an expansive hallway alone. Soon - Xavier comes into frame, following. Then he takes the lea 90A.
99) 0) text: They walk in together. As the door closes the music stops gl. There is minimal improvised and eclectic furniture in thi studio space. Beyond it Jared can see at the far end, a b room lit by warm lamp light. Xavier puts on Otis Redding - Change is Gonna Come. Vinyl
99) 2) dialog: I’m having some wine. Do you want some more? When Xavier speaks he has a slight European accent: Frenc Swiss? It is hard to tell. Jared looks around at the motley pictures hanging: Subver religious images; magazine cut-outs, plus; sketches of pe and shapes. Curated by a novice, yet somehow captivating.
99) 4) dialog: I lived in thirteen countries before I left high school. Born in Vienna. Ended up in Canada. Now here. He approaches with a red wine. Jared takes it.
99) 6) dialog: Serious.
99) 9) dialog: I do. I was raised with religion and I question it, but I still believe in God (MORE )
99) 11) dialog: 
99) 13) dialog: You like a little small talk, huh?
99) 16) dialog: Well, paper beats rock. Then no one can believe in God.
99) 18) dialog: Because science has shown itself and God has not.
99) 20) dialog: Not all the time. Science shows itself all the time. It’s always around us developing. Does God show himself enough? Where is He? (off Jared's expression) Wait till you really suffer. Jared seems to be getting either angry now or emotional. may lash out, physically OR sexually... or totally crumbl It is hard to tell. Xavier walks away. When he comes back, he has a joint. He lights it. Jared h never been this close to drugs.
99) 21) dialog: Do you believe in the devil? 92a. Jared's silence is a yes 93.
99) 22) dialog: Does he look like me?
99) 24) dialog: Because he also doesn’t show himself. Jared surprises us by taking the joint. He takes a toke. After a long beat.
99) 26) dialog: Not personally. Jared sees the humor in it.
99) 27) dialog: I hear he’s not great company. Always complaining. Jared cracks up. Then gets real. He has to make his point
99) 29) dialog: You just summed it all up. (beat) People hoping someone is watching over them. That hard times are part of a design. (beat) I think we are our own test. Our own judgement. Our own god. Meaning I think he is in us. All of us. Not somewhere watching and hiding. Jared thinks about this.
99) 30) dialog: Stay with me. 93A. Jared is not flinching 94.
99) 31) dialog: Nothing needs to happen. I swear. Nothing from Jared.
99) 32) dialog: I’1ll prove to you that God won’t strike you down.
99) 34) dialog: Then you are too. He backs away. XAVIER O.S. We are the same. I could be you or you could be me. Soon, Jared looks back for the door, but instead he watch Xavier who disappears into the warm glow of his bedroom d
100) 0) text: From above, Jared and Xavier lie down. The music filters from the other room. They look at each other. They hold hands. And that’s it.
101) 0) text: Jared wakes up to full sunlight. Xavier is facing him asl Jared looks down. They are still holding hands, and still fully clothed. Jared slowly releases his hand from Xavier He stares for some time then finally moves out of frame.