7) 4) dialog: Could you help me?
7) 6) dialog: But you work here.
7) 8) dialog: I just have a quick question about CD players.
8) 0) text: Andy breathes deeply, recovering from the interaction wit this pretty woman.
12) 0) text: Andy is walking home. Everything he sees seems sexual. It is as if he has seen all of this for his entire life but never noticed it before. He sees~-- A normal locking middle aged WOMAN walking down the stree He looks away as if she is pure sex. A gorgeous eighteen year old GIRL with no bra and a low c shirt. He turns away and tries to hide at a newsstand. He looks down . QUICK CUTS--every cover is of a gorgeous, busty woman. He walks away and stops at a bus stop, just wanting to ge home. The bus pulls up and on the side of it is a billboa of a perfume ad with a naked man and a naked woman. We on see their bodies, no faces. It could not be dirtier. Andy panics and starts rumning down the street. As he run the bus pulls out and is driving at the same rate of spee Andy. He can not escape this dirty billboard no matter ho fast he runs. Finally the bus stops at the next light and loses it, but immediately a new bus drives parallel to hi with an even dirtier billboard of a couple, bodies naked intertwined, clearly doing something he’s never done. Andy cuts right and starts running through a neighborhood He cuts through houses and lawns. He sees two DOGS having furious sex on a lawn. He cuts into the woods and runs an runs. 19. INT. ANDY‘S APARTMENT Andy runs in and closes the door. He lies down on his bed turns on the TV. He channel surfs. Every commercial and program has something filthy on it. -A soap opera with people kissing. -A commercial for Viagra. ~Paris Hilton almost naked on Entertainment Tonight. -Teenagers making out on MTV. -A dirty rap video with tons of barely dressed women and ripped rapper. He shuts the TV and closes his eyes as tightly as humanly possible. Suddenly we hear the sounds of his elderly neighbors laughing, then having very loud sex. The wall behind Andy bangs and shakes. Then stops. Then bangs and shakes even louder. Andy runs into the bathroom.
14) 18) dialog: I just need to get laid tonight. It‘s as simple as that.
14) 19) dialog: You‘ve been working so hard at work, you deserve to just have some fun. You never do anything wild.
14) 20) dialog: ea Tonight I’m going wild. The first nice guy that even talks to me, I‘m gonna take him home and rock his world,
14) 25) dialog: Great. And you? 22.
14) 27) dialog: I'm not really much of a drinker. But why don’t you sit down?
23) 0) text: Andy lays on his stomach on a table. A WOMAN pours hot wa on his back, lets it dry for a moment, then RIPS it off - leaving a huge strip of whiter-than-white skin in the mid of his-hairy back.
29) 0) text: All of our guys are sitting at different tables. There ar twenty tables and a man and a woman sit at each table.
29) 3) dialog: My last boyfriend was a cheating asshole. I hope you're not like that . 42.
29) 5) dialog: I am just sick of the bullshit.
29) 7) dialog: Fucking men.
29) 20) dialog: Well, 1 see what you are saying, and I appreciate your candor, but I have one question. What the fuck are you talking about?!
29) 31) dialog: I guess you could say I am addicted. Guys like to kiss me, but they get really into kissing Satan. She reveals a tattoo of the devil on her upper chest. cuT To QUICK CUTS of Andy’s short dates. Each one cut off by the buzzer. There are transition shots of him changing tables
33) 5) dialog: Excuse me, can you help me? Andy is flummoxed.
33) 7) dialog: It won't take long.
41) 2) dialog: Hello.
41) 4) dialog: Yes.
41) 6) dialog: No, we’re right on time.
41) 8) dialog: Come sit down. Andy sits on the couch. She sits down right next to him. Andy does not know what to make of this.
41) 10) dialog: We just met the other night. You're handsome.
41) 13) dialog: The party is getting started.
41) 15) dialog: I’m all the party you need.
41) 17) dialog: Don't be nervous. T‘11 take good care of you.
41) 19) dialog: I'm whoever you want me to be. I can be a prostitute, or I can be that sweet innocent girl you had a crush on in high school. You know, the cute one. who never looked at you but now she realizes she made a mistake and wants to make up for it by sucking your cock. Andy backs away to the other side of the couch. She follo him. 64.
41) 21) dialog: They’re good friends. They just want you to have a good time. Don‘t worry, I’ve been with virgins before. It's okay that you know nothing, becauge at the end of tonight you are going to know everything. You're gonna do everything. Nothing is off limits. They paid extra for that.
41) 23) dialog: Five hundred for two hours.
41) 25) dialog: You don’t have to have sex with me. I’ve been paid. If you want I can just go home now. No skin off my apple.
42) 2) dialog: How long is this movie? I only have two hours.
42) 4) dialog: Who's that guy?
72) 0) text: Andy and Trish are getting married. Everyone is there, al her kids even the twenty six year old and her daughter, everyone from work, Jay is there with Jill, David is back together with his ex-girlfriend, Cal is there with the tattooed woman from speed dating. Aboojay from work is th with his date, Beth.