1) 0) text: We follow an adorable MINI GOLDENDOODLE into a sun-kissed bedroom. The same BOB DYLAN SONG is playing.
1) 13) dialog: There’s not even room enough, to be anywhere/It’s not dark yet, but it’s getting there. Abby stops the song. Opens her eyes. Will smiles at her.
4) 0) text: We’re back to PRESENT-DAY-STARBUCKS-DRUNK WILL DEMPSEY. 16. He walks down the street, wobbling and swigging from his Starbucks cup of coffee/whiskey. He pulls an iPod from his pocket. He puts on HEADPHONES. He scrolls forward to track number 5 on Dylan’s Time Out Mind album: Trying to Get to Heaven. Instantly, all the sounds of the city vanish. We hear onl the song...
4) 1) dialog: The air is getting hotter/ there’s a rumbling in the skies/ having waded through the high muddy water/ with the heat rising in my eyes. The sights and sounds of summertime New York flood past W He takes them all in, hyper-focused on each detail: - A MAN walks his TINY DOG. - A WOMAN tries to hail a CAB. - A COUPLE holds hands while pushing a stroller.
4) 2) dialog: Every day your memory grows dimmer/it doesn’t haunt me like it did before/I’ve been walking through the middle of nowhere/trying to get to Heaven before they close the door. Will ENTERS the front REVOLVING DOOR of an office buildin He just goes around and around, never getting out. Listen to Dylan. A man at sea.
7) 0) text: The door opens revealing: IRWIN (65) and LINDA (61) DEMPSEY, Will's delightfully ov the-top New Yorker-for-life parents. They SQUEAL with delight at the appearance of... WILL AND ABBY, 9 years aged forward since the previous sc Note: these are the pregnant, Bob Dylan loving/hating versions of Will and Abby from that morning roughly six months ago.
14) 0) text: We're back where we first saw Will and Abby together, in six months earlier, talking about Bob Dylan.
18) 0) text: SIX-MONTH-OLD DYLAN plays on the floor.
19) 0) text: Irwin stands at Linda’s grave with now EIGHT-YEAR-OLD DYL She looks up at her grandfather, sees that he’s crying. She takes his hand. INT. DYLAN’S BEDROOM - EVENING Dylan sits in bed with an aging Fuckface. Around her room we get a sense of the girl... - A writing DESK. - Little girl pinks and purples, mixed - strangely - with DYLAN POSTERS. - A PHOTOGRAPH of Abby, Will, and a much younger Fuckface happier/earlier times. It is almost viscerally painful. KNOCK KNOCK. Irwin stands at the half open door. He’s holding a glass whiskey.
19) 2) dialog: I feel like my whole life is going to be marked by death and tragedy.
19) 6) dialog: Are you gonna die, Grandpa? Irwin takes a sip of his whiskey, thinks. Then:
19) 10) dialog: (re: real/fake whiskey) Ahhhhhh.
20) 0) text: NINE-YEAR-OLD Dylan sits on the floor. Next to her, Fuckface lies on his side - dying. She pets him, gently. BEHIND HER, Irwin stands with a VET. He slams his hand into the wall in frustration.
21) 0) text: The Vet injects Fuckface, putting him down. Dylan keeps petting the dog, locking eyes with him.
21) 1) dialog: Tell them I’m nice. She places that long-ago PHOTOGRAPH of her parents and Fuckface next to dog. It will be buried with him. 51. INT. DYLAN’S BEDROOM - LATER Dylan comes home, begins tearing the Bob Dylan posters of her wall.
21) 5) dialog: I’m heading out.
21) 7) dialog: Aren’t we both better than that? in agreement.
21) 9) dialog: Remind me never to go to Vermont.
21) 11) dialog: No.
21) 13) dialog: No, these things will kill you. She pops a cigarette in her mouth. Irwin cringes at the sight.
21) 15) dialog: We talked about it last night.
21) 17) dialog: Yes we did. We just didn’t get where you wanted. A beat.
21) 19) dialog: I'd rather not lie to you.
21) 21) dialog: I’1l be home by eleven. She walks past him. He grabs her arm, turns her.
21) 23) dialog: Ahhhhhh. Irwin touches her cheek. And suddenly we see it: sweet innocent Dylan is still in there, somewhere... Then she takes Irwin’s real whiskey glass and downs it in gulp.
21) 24) dialog: Peace. She winks, EXITS. 54.
22) 0) text: Dylan sits in the backseat of a small SUV. THREE YOUNG MEN (two up front, one in back) sit in the ca with them. Everyone is smoking. In the back of the SUV we see music equipment (instrument amps, etc.). It is important to remember: it is 2033 now. All around u we notice the changes in costume, in vehicles, in technol Not a paradigm shift by any means - no flying cars - but all part of the landscape.
22) 3) dialog: As the car comes to a stop at a traffic light. Right at t spot. Dylan lowers the window and sticks her head (and her enti top half of her body, really) out of the car. She hovers over the very spot where her mother died. As the light turns green, Dylan flicks her cigarette out window... Onto that exact spot.
23) 0) text: Dylan is mid-performance, the lead singer for the band. SIGNAGE announces her band’s name: PB&J. 55. Note: their music is the popular underground music of 203 violent, electronica-based form of rock ‘n’ roll. Watching Dylan screaming and flailing on stage is jarring say the least. But she’s also a star performer. Captivating. Raw. The most damaged people always make for our greatest arti The song finishes. The sparse audience CHEERS. Dylan grabs a MUG OF BEER from a nearby ledge and quietly speaks to the crowd, commanding their attention:
23) 1) dialog: Our last song is kinda personal. My mom died eighteen years ago today, and--
23) 3) dialog: (explosive)
23) 5) dialog: They tell me she used to listen to--
23) 7) dialog: This is our last song. Dylan steps over toward a nearby keyboard, begins playing Softly she starts singing, beautifully. It’s To Make You Feel My Love by Bob Dylan... unplugged. 56.
23) 8) dialog: (singing) When the rain is blowing in your face/and the whole world is on your case/I could offer you a warm embrace/to make you feel my love... And with that: The band explodes. Suddenly this becomes a violent/thrashing version of the commercial love song on Bob Dylan’s otherwise perfectly b album. Dylan is simply on fire: screaming, stalking the stage, letting out as many of the ghosts that haunt her as possi
24) 0) text: Dylan gives a blowjob to the drummer of the band. If it was hard to watch Will and Abby’s only daughter smo cigarettes, this is worse. Way worse. Adding to the horror, is the fact that HANGERS-ON and oth band members are watching this. Laughing. Pointing. A NEARBY GIRL is even video-ing the oral sex on her phone Finally Dylan stands, the act completed. Without missing a beat she grabs the phone from the video taping girl and SMASHES it. And like that... Dylan calmly heads to a nearby card table and grabs herse SANDWICH from a pile of PB&J sandwiches (the band’s fuel, namesake). She’s about to leave, when:
24) 2) dialog: (apologetic) You're right. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have done that. It’s just been a weird day for me and I got heated. She reaches toward her pocket.
24) 3) dialog: Here, let me see what I have on me-- Without warning, Dylan attacks the girl. It’s brutal - and admittedly strange - to watch a pretty eighteen-year-old girl get so violent and so feral, so quickly. Dylan takes the other girl down and pins her. She starts pummeling her.
24) 4) dialog: You think that’s funny, taping me? You're not laughing now are you, Bitch!? Punch. Slap. Punch. Dylan smushes that PB&J sandwich into the girl’s face, violently. Finally Dylan is pulled off of the traumatized and bloody victim. Dylan shakes off her “referees,” grabs a fresh sandwich, EXITS.
25) 0) text: Dylan walks back to that street corner where her mother d It’s late, very few cars. Dylan looks out at the quiet street. She lights a joint. Smokes it. She takes a bite of her fresh sandwich. Chews. She takes another hit from the joint. And then... DYLAN’S POV 58. As she sees her mother and father, at that same street corner, eighteen years earlier to the day: It’s the scene we’ve seen before, but now their daughter (back then unborn, but now eighteen) is there, too.
25) 2) dialog: (top of her lungs) NO HE’S NOT!!!! FUCKER’S GONNA
25) 9) dialog: YOU DON’T GET IT, ASSHOLE! YOU
25) 12) dialog: 
25) 17) dialog: (sing-songy )
25) 19) dialog: Mom, look out. (then) Mom? MOM!!! LOOK OUT! And suddenly we hear SCREECHING TIRES. Dylan closes her eyes (she can’t watch). When she opens them, the street is empty once more. She recovers, takes a bite of her sandwich. She breathes deeply, looks back up. BUT NOW, IN FRONT OF HER... The bus is back (or at least the memory of it). Pressed up against the glass, inside the bus, is that lit four-year-old Hispanic boy. His eyes are welling with tears. Dylan’s eyes are, too. They stare at each other.
25) 21) dialog: Does it matter? She takes a bite of her sandwich. On the bus, the little boy cocks his head, taking her in.
40) 10) dialog: Dear Rod. I got your letter and it was very nice.
41) 0) text: Mr. Saccione runs through the olive grove like a giddy madman. He’s holding Dylan’s LETTER in his hand.
41) 1) dialog: You spell really good my Nana says, and you seem like a very nice boy she says too. Men (working in the field) watch Mr. Saccione run, confus Javier is amongst them. 88. INT. JAVIER & ISABEL’S HOME —- CONTINUOUS Mr. Saccione bursts into the house. Isabel and Rodrigo tu He holds up the letter, excitedly.
41) 2) dialog: I think you are lucky that you have a bird. I have a dog. He is my best friend. Mr. Saccione hands Rodrigo the letter. Rodrigo slowly ope it, reads.
41) 3) dialog: Do you like pizza? I mainly like pizza and dogs. But dogs more. From, Dylan Dempsey. (then) P.S. - I’m okay. Thank you for asking. Rodrigo looks up from the letter, dazed. Tears well in hi eyes.
74) 0) text: Rodrigo, fresh from his “break up,” walks back into his r As he does, his cell phone RINGS. The caller reads: “Tio” (Uncle). Rodrigo answers. We can tell, immediately, that he is getting the bad news. His mother has died. CUE SONG: “To Make You Feel My Love” by BOB DYLAN. The song takes over as we watch Rodrigo receive the news. OVER THE NEXT FEW HOURS we watch him process. He cries. He paces. He sits. He thinks. He grieves. All to “To Make You Feel My Love.”