76) 2) dialog: (trying again) They would go on to have four children, seven grandchildren. A love story for the ages. She looks out...
76) 5) dialog: My grandmother, Abby Dempsey, argued in her failed college thesis that life itself is our most unreliable narrator. She argued that one never knows where their story is going, nor who the heroes of it are going to be. (beat, then) (MORE )
76) 7) dialog: And while it’s true that life has often made it difficult to pinpoint the heroes of my family’s story, my parents have always made it incredibly easy for me. back out at them.
76) 8) dialog: My parents found the populist love song in the middle of our family’s often very melancholy album. Out in the crowd: Rodrigo smiles, takes Dylan’s hand. Elena smiles back at them, continues reading:
76) 9) dialog: I wonder sometimes what my grandmother Abby would have made of that, philosophically. That her own child - the girl she named after her favorite gravel voiced musician - found a love story with no twists, no plot turns, and no surprises. Just consistency. Oh, what I’d have given to have met her. To have told her that. To have told her that we were all okay. (then) And what I’d have given to have met my grandmother Isabel as well. Unlike Abby, she was neither a writer nor a philosopher. But sometimes I wonder if she didn’t understand exactly what Bob Dylan was going for.
77) 3) dialog: Spanish does not often translate perfectly, but what Isabel said that day to her son - my father - it required no translation. Note: this is the same speech we saw earlier in Spanish without translation, but now it is actually delivered by Isabel in English.
78) 0) text: As Elena continues: 116.
78) 1) dialog: I am not sure whose story I have been telling. I am not sure it is mine, or if it some character’s who we've not met yet. I’m not sure of anything. All I know, is that at any moment, life will surprise me. It will bring me to my knees. And when it does. When I think I cannot recover, I will remind myself... She looks out, finds her parents.
78) 2) dialog: I will remind myself that I am my father. That I am my father’s father. And I am my mother, and my mother’s mother. I am their story, and they are mine. And while it may be easy to wallow in the tragedies that shape our lives... while it’s natural to focus on those unspeakable moments that bring us to our knees... we must remind ourselves that if we get up, if we just take the story a little bit further... She is crying now. She looks directly at her parents.
78) 3) dialog: If we go far enough, there is love. Her parents are crying now, too.
78) 4) dialog: (again) If we go far enough, there’s love. Elena closes her book. Rodrigo and Dylan beam at their youngest daughter, the la hero in our ever-evolving story. And with that, our story does what our story never really does... It ends. FADE TO BLACK.