16) 27) dialog: Dear Rod. I got your letter and it was very nice. You spell really good my Nana says, and you seem like a very nice boy she says too.
17) 0) text: A little girl’s hand writes this letter, carefully.
17) 1) dialog: I think you are lucky that you have a bird. I have a dog. He is my best friend. Do you like pizza? I Mainly like pizza and dogs. But dogs more. Reveal: A LITTLE GIRL (6). Adorable. Wise beyond her handful of years. LITTLE GIRL (CONT’D) (as she writes) From, Dylan Dempsey. This is Will and Abby’s daughter, aged six years. 46. Our earlier FEMALE ADULT NARRATOR takes back over.
19) 0) text: Irwin stands at Linda’s grave with now EIGHT-YEAR-OLD DYL She looks up at her grandfather, sees that he’s crying. She takes his hand. INT. DYLAN’S BEDROOM - EVENING Dylan sits in bed with an aging Fuckface. Around her room we get a sense of the girl... - A writing DESK. - Little girl pinks and purples, mixed - strangely - with DYLAN POSTERS. - A PHOTOGRAPH of Abby, Will, and a much younger Fuckface happier/earlier times. It is almost viscerally painful. KNOCK KNOCK. Irwin stands at the half open door. He’s holding a glass whiskey.
24) 0) text: Dylan gives a blowjob to the drummer of the band. If it was hard to watch Will and Abby’s only daughter smo cigarettes, this is worse. Way worse. Adding to the horror, is the fact that HANGERS-ON and oth band members are watching this. Laughing. Pointing. A NEARBY GIRL is even video-ing the oral sex on her phone Finally Dylan stands, the act completed. Without missing a beat she grabs the phone from the video taping girl and SMASHES it. And like that... Dylan calmly heads to a nearby card table and grabs herse SANDWICH from a pile of PB&J sandwiches (the band’s fuel, namesake). She’s about to leave, when:
24) 1) dialog: You owe me a new phone, Bitch. Dylan looks up. It’s the girl whose phone she just smashe 57.
32) 0) text: We see a composed lineup of SIX YOUNG GIRLS. The camera pans the line, left to right, starting with th
49) 10) dialog: Are you a virgin?
49) 12) dialog: Would you like not to be? Now he’s a fully-grown eighteen year old. Movie star handsome. He’s no longer running through the olive groves for “play Now he’s running for sport. Driven.
61) 0) text: Rodrigo fools around with an attractive girl.