7) 0) text: The door opens revealing: IRWIN (65) and LINDA (61) DEMPSEY, Will's delightfully ov the-top New Yorker-for-life parents. They SQUEAL with delight at the appearance of... WILL AND ABBY, 9 years aged forward since the previous sc Note: these are the pregnant, Bob Dylan loving/hating versions of Will and Abby from that morning roughly six months ago.
7) 7) dialog: That means it’s gonna be a boy. I practically needed a hazmat suit when your mother was pregnant with you.
8) 3) dialog: Baby clothes, baby swings, baby stem cells, who knows - I don’t know what half this shit is. All I know is that I spend all day breaking down the goddamn Amazon boxes.
18) 5) dialog: He sits on the couch, stares into lens, crying. As our narrator describes his condition - arrows, stats, graphics demonstrate what she describes:
18) 7) dialog: (proud but sad) You will soon, Mother Fucker.
19) 0) text: Irwin stands at Linda’s grave with now EIGHT-YEAR-OLD DYL She looks up at her grandfather, sees that he’s crying. She takes his hand. INT. DYLAN’S BEDROOM - EVENING Dylan sits in bed with an aging Fuckface. Around her room we get a sense of the girl... - A writing DESK. - Little girl pinks and purples, mixed - strangely - with DYLAN POSTERS. - A PHOTOGRAPH of Abby, Will, and a much younger Fuckface happier/earlier times. It is almost viscerally painful. KNOCK KNOCK. Irwin stands at the half open door. He’s holding a glass whiskey.
19) 1) dialog: How you feeling, Kiddo? She SHRUGS.
19) 7) dialog: Yes. I am. And probably sooner than you'd like, Kiddo, if I’m being honest. But I’m gonna fight like hell to stick around for you as long as possible, to prevent one more death from coming anywhere near your doorstep. I’m gonna get on the fucking treadmill, I’m gonna cut back on the red meat, I’m gonna do my best to get you through your teenage years without losing one more goddamn thing. He nods, determined. IRWIN (CONT’D) I’m going to do that for your mother and father. I’m going to do it for your grandmother. But mostly I’m going to do it for you, Granddaughter. He looks at her, eyes welling with tears and love. IRWIN (CONT’D) Yeah, I’m going to squeeze out ten more years from this decrepit old body for you, my girl. My angel. My world. 50.
19) 9) dialog: Nah, no more dying around here, Kiddo. Okay? Irwin holds out his whiskey to toast his granddaughter. She pretends to hold a glass of her own, and “clinks” wit him. They take a real/fake sip together, and at the same time:
20) 0) text: NINE-YEAR-OLD Dylan sits on the floor. Next to her, Fuckface lies on his side - dying. She pets him, gently. BEHIND HER, Irwin stands with a VET. He slams his hand into the wall in frustration.
21) 4) dialog: Hey. She doesn’t even turn around. She grabs He shrugs A beat. 52.
21) 6) dialog: With who? a pack of cigarettes from a drawer. IRWIN (CONT’D) You're not even going to try and hide those from me?
21) 8) dialog: (re: cigarettes) You hear Vermont’s made them illegal?
21) 10) dialog: ("little boy”) Can I have one?
21) 12) dialog: Just one?
21) 14) dialog: I was hoping we could talk about college.
21) 16) dialog: We didn’t get very far. 53.
21) 18) dialog: Promise to be home by eleven?
21) 20) dialog: Lie to me.
21) 22) dialog: Dylan. He looks at her. He looks old, tired. She softens, ever so slightly. IRWIN (CONT’D) Happy eighteenth, Kiddo. He holds out his whiskey glass, as he once did to that adorable little girl. She rolls her eyes, but - after a moment - gives in and CLINKS an imaginary glass against his. At the same time, they both sip and...