26) 0) text: Little Rodrigo sits with his mother and father in the bac a New York City bus. Rodrigo is adorable, carefree, and curious. He’s holding a plastic Statue of Liberty toy souvenir and wearing an “I LOVE NEW YORK” T-shirt. His blue-collar parents JAVIER (big smile, barrel-chested and ISABEL (beautifully tired, stoic) wear similar T-shir They are fighting a losing battle to control their rambunctious son. But they don’t seem to mind losing the battle. This family enjoys one another. They love, openly. Important note to reader: all conversation within this st will be in Spanish, and subtitled).
26) 2) dialog: Sit, Hijo.
26) 4) dialog: (amused smile) And are you going to walk him up and down the aisle?
30) 0) text: A full-on traditional Flamenco show is in motion. All eyes in the crowd are on a STUNNING WOMAN (20s), in f Flamenco gear, gracefully and powerfully commanding the stage. Yes, all eyes are on her... except for Javier's. He is the one person (in the entire room) looking in the complete opposite direction at... A WAITRESS (who we recognize as Rodrigo’s future mother, ISABEL) . She looks tired. Her dress is prematurely old and worn, l her. She looks up. She locks eyes with Javier. He beams and holds up his rose. She beams back. Sometimes it’s that simple.
31) 0) text: Javier sits outside by a fountain, holding his rose, wait Isabel EXITS the theatre, looks around for him. For a moment, Javier just watches her eyes search. This i clearly one of his favorite hobbies, watching Isabel sear for him and catching her at the exact moment when she spo him. Which happens right... now. She beams. He beams back. 74.
32) 6) text: EXT. THEATRE —- CONTINUOUS Isabel, smiling, approaches Javier.
32) 9) dialog: Amazing, you say? I was amazing serving tapas and having my ass grabbed by drunks?
33) 0) text: We push (high speed) through olive trees until we land on A group of shelters and sheds known, collectively, as a CORTIJO. These are the structures on a farm (finca) which house laborers, livestock, mills, etc. The largest building is a two-story structure, the reside for a SENORITO (Javier's new position). He now stands in front of this charming two-story home, showing it off to Isabel: 76.
33) 1) dialog: (stunned) You will live here? All of this is yours?
33) 4) dialog: Yes. Javier stops.
33) 5) dialog: I answer yes. Yes to everything. Javier smiles, grabs her. CUE: a CANTE JONDO SONG. Cante Jondo translates as “deep song” - a weighty style of Andulucian Flamenco. It’s basically the Flamenco blues. There is a staccato vocal driving the song that feels lik euphoric celebration one moment, desperate sadness the ne It feels like life.
34) 0) text: Javier and Isabel dance. As they do, the camera circles them - leaving one of them picking up the other, over and over again. As the camera circles... years pass. Facial hair changes for Javier each time we return to him Hairstyles for Isabel each time we return to her. Eventually, Isabel becomes pregnant. 77. They keep dancing, her belly growing larger and larger. Eventually, there’s a baby held between them (little Rodrigo). As we continue to circle, and they continue to dance, Rod grows to four years old (the age we first met him at). Throughout this (from outside the large bay window behind them), we sometimes catch MR. SACCIONE, watching them dan Usually he looks on with a smile, happy for the sweet you lovers. But occasionally, there’s a glint of something different his eye. Is it jealousy? Is he coveting Isabel? Their love? Their new son? It’s probably nothing. But if it’s nothing, why does the Flamenco music always s a little more ominous when the camera finds him?
34) 5) dialog: He remembers everything you teach him.
34) 13) dialog: No-- 79.
34) 15) dialog: Don’t be silly. We enjoy having you. Rodrigo loves you.
34) 21) dialog: Javier. Javier shoots her a look, silencing her, and hands Mr. Saccione back the globe.
36) 0) text: Javier and Isabel fight. Angrily. The stress of their unwell child is taking a toll.
38) 0) text: Javier and Isabel fight again. In a heated moment, Javier punches the wall next to Isabel’s head. He recoils at himself. She runs off. He grabs a BOTTLE and starts drinking. INT. RODRIGO’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Rodrigo, in bed, SCREAMS again... startling himself awake He has wet the bed, per usual. INT. JAVIER & ISABEL 'S BEDROOM — CONTINUOUS Isabel and Javier lie in bed. They hear Rodrigo’s SCREAM from the next room and Isabel STANDS to go to him. Clearly this has become routine. She stops at the bedroom door.
38) 1) dialog: He is not getting better, Javier.
38) 3) dialog: He doesn’t talk about it. I try but... he can’t. Or he won’t.
38) 7) dialog: We need to get him help.
38) 9) dialog: He needs specialists. In Madrid. The doctors the rich people would go to.
38) 11) dialog: He is our son, Javier. He is our little boy and he is in pain. Javier looks at his beautiful wife. She’s pleading with h eyes. He nods.
38) 13) dialog: If you want, I will ask hi--
39) 0) text: Rodrigo works in a room with a THERAPIST. He draws pictur plays with toys, etc. ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE VIEWING WINDOW: Mr. Saccione, Isabel, and Javier watch.
41) 14) dialog: Why have you not come to bed? She notices a SUITCASE next to Javier.
41) 15) dialog: What is this?
41) 17) dialog: Where are you going? Javier stands, approaches her.
41) 19) dialog: Javier, you are drunk and you are jealous--
41) 21) dialog: He helped him get better--
41) 23) dialog: You did nothing, Javier! This hangs there. 91.
41) 24) dialog: No? You disagree? Were you looking for answers at the bottom of those bottles? Javier stands.
41) 29) dialog: So you just gift me to him? After all we’ve been through together... like a birthday present, you gift me!?
41) 31) dialog: Do not tell me what I deserve, Javier! I know what I deserve! Even as a little girl I knew! Even when my Abuela - my favorite Abuela - told me I was not special, that I was in the middle...
42) 0) text: Abuela counsels little Isabel (7) - we’ve seen this befor
43) 0) text: Isabel serves tables. All around her, MEN watch the stunning FLAMENCO DANCER on stage.
43) 1) dialog: And when you think you saved me, Javier? Isabel spots YOUNG JAVIER watching the show across the ro He’s LAUGHING, and DANCING. He’s appealing.
43) 2) dialog: When you think you found me, and plucked me from my miserable life, and made me whole?
44) 0) text: Javier laughs with FRIENDS. Into his line of vision steps Isabel. She bends over to pick up a napkin, and looks at him, coquettish.
44) 1) dialog: I found you, Javier. I chose you!
45) 0) text: Isabel continues:
45) 1) dialog: I chose you because I knew I deserved someone special. Someone kind, and funny... someone who laughs with his eyes.
45) 5) dialog: I would have a better life with you than with him. A beat.
45) 6) dialog: Now get the fuck out of my house. And as both of them register the unofficial end of their story...
47) 0) text: Isabel cries to Mr. Saccione.
47) 2) dialog: Enough. For my son: enough. She wipes away her tears.
47) 4) dialog: (strong) That boy is all I have. And his glass has been half empty for far too long. I do not care what he becomes, just that he finds his way. That he finds his worth. (then) You will help him find that with me.
47) 6) dialog: (firm) Say it. Say you will help him find his way. Mr. Saccione looks up. He looks Isabel in the eye.
47) 8) dialog: I will never love you as I love him. It’s unclear who Isabel is talking about: Javier or Rodri But Mr. Saccione just nods. He doesn’t care.
49) 2) dialog: Papa went away for a bit, Hijo. Rodrigo keeps running.
49) 4) dialog: Papa is gone, Hijo. Rodrigo runs faster. His hair grows longer. He’s ten. The eleven.
50) 6) dialog: I’m sick, Hijo.
51) 0) text: Rodrigo, Isabel, and Mr. Saccione eat at the kitchen tabl silence. Finally, Rodrigo puts down his fork.
51) 2) dialog: Absolutely not.
51) 5) dialog: I said no.
51) 7) dialog: Hij--
52) 0) text: Isabel receives chemo.
57) 0) text: Rodrigo stops at the door, looks in at his mother. What we see is shocking: 100. Isabel has been ravaged by cancer. Bald. Almost unrecognizable. She motions for Rodrigo to come closer. He does. She spea quietly.
57) 1) dialog: It has been two years, Hijo. I do not get better. Vincent spends enough so I do not get worse. I just... survive. And you just wait. It is enough.
57) 3) dialog: (lovingly) It is enough, Hijo. (then) Listen to me, come here. She pulls him toward her. She starts talking, very softly We do not translate this. We do not need to. She is telli him to leave her. And as the mother releases the son from his duty... the s cries. He cries because what she says is powerful and because he knows she is right. It is time for Rodrigo Gonzales to start his life.
62) 3) dialog: But what is she like, Hijo? Tell me. Rodrigo thinks for a beat, then:
67) 0) text: A nurse cares for Isabel. Mr. Saccione helps the nurse. T room is filled with a quiet desperation. Isabel Gonzales is dying.
67) 3) dialog: (weakly) Let him be young for one more day. He will come after.
67) 5) dialog: No. Not like this. Isabel touches Mr. Saccione’s arm. He looks at her for a long, silent beat.
67) 6) dialog: You are a good man, Vincent.
67) 8) dialog: You are. (then, again) You are. He’s emotional now. They sit there like that for quite a while, just looking one another, saying a silent goodbye. A silent thank you. And then:
72) 0) text: Mr. Saccione writes letters. Tons of letters. He writes about Rodrigo, about Isabel, about his olives.
77) 0) text: We're back with Isabel, sick in bed, saying goodbye to tw one-year-old Rodrigo before sending him off to NYU. This is the scene we didn’t translate before.
77) 2) dialog: (lovingly) It is enough, Hijo. (then) Listen to me, come here. She pulls him toward her. She starts talking, very softly
77) 4) dialog: You have had many ups and downs in your life, Hijo. Too many. And you will have more. This is life. This is what it does. Life brings you to your knees. It brings you lower than you think you can go. But if you stand back up and move forward - if you go just a little further - you will always find love. (then) I found love in you, Hijo. And my life - my story - it will continue after I am gone. You, Hijo, are my story. You are your father’s story. You are your uncle’s. Rodrigo is crying now.
77) 5) dialog: My body fails me, Hijo. But you ARE me. So you go now. Give me a beautiful life. And when life takes us to our knees, you stand us back up. You get up, and go further, and find us the love.