26) 0) text: Little Rodrigo sits with his mother and father in the bac a New York City bus. Rodrigo is adorable, carefree, and curious. He’s holding a plastic Statue of Liberty toy souvenir and wearing an “I LOVE NEW YORK” T-shirt. His blue-collar parents JAVIER (big smile, barrel-chested and ISABEL (beautifully tired, stoic) wear similar T-shir They are fighting a losing battle to control their rambunctious son. But they don’t seem to mind losing the battle. This family enjoys one another. They love, openly. Important note to reader: all conversation within this st will be in Spanish, and subtitled).
26) 3) dialog: Oh, c’mon, Mamasita, let the boy explore.
26) 5) dialog: (playful teasing) As a matter of fact I am. Isabel rolls her eyes as Javier takes Rodrigo’s hand. We follow little Rodrigo down the aisle as he somehow man to draw smiles from even this jaded New York commuter cro
26) 15) dialog: (few steps behind) Hijo, leave him. 62.
27) 3) text: Revealing that the hands belong to a younger Javier (Rodrigo’s father). He’s about ten years younger here. There’s something beautiful about this big, barrel-cheste young man so gently caring for these olives.
27) 4) text: Revealing a 200-ACRE OLIVE GROVE. It’s harvest time, and all around Javier, OTHER LABORERS olives from other trees. The other laborers use an easier, and more common “by han technique. What they are doing is called “a mano con telo or, simply, “by hand with net.” In a nutshell: they have placed LARGE NETS around the tru of the trees, and use a combination of RAKES and LADDERS loosen the olives en masse (which then fall into the nets But Javier just sits up high, WHISTLING, sliding those ol into his bucket by hand - olive after olive. A FANCY PICKUP approaches and a laborer calls out: 64.
27) 6) dialog: The only man still working. Sitting atop his ladder, slid olives into his bucket, contentedly. The boss may have arrived, but for Javier nothing has changed. Though he has stopped whistling.
28) 0) text: A stunning Spanish farmhouse. Views as far as the eye can see. Mr. Saccione sits at a desk, writing. Behind him, young Javier steps into the room. He’s dirty from work and clearly uncomfortable standing before his b He debates how to announce his presence when...
28) 2) dialog: No, Senor.
28) 4) dialog: (tentative) Cervesa?
28) 6) dialog: I do not follow.
28) 8) dialog: (defensive) I work twice as long.
28) 10) dialog: Because it’s the right way-- 68.
28) 13) dialog: I am a simple man. I do not have a story. I did not have a fuck of a father. My father was funny and whistled why he worked, and I like having a job where I can whistle while I work, too. The rakes bruise the olives so I pick them by hand. It’s the right way. That is all. Mr. Saccione goes quiet.
28) 15) dialog: I have a woman. I hope to make her my wife.
28) 17) dialog: I believe so, yes. One day.
28) 19) dialog: I have a big mouth.
28) 21) dialog: You are my boss.
28) 23) dialog: No. I would disappoint you as your friend.
28) 25) dialog: I have given my answer.
28) 27) dialog: No. It does not.
28) 29) dialog: I would not have taken his money. A simple answer, from a simple man. But it says everything. Loaded silence. Mr. Saccione nods, stands. He pours himself a tequila.
28) 31) dialog: For free?
28) 33) dialog: No. My salary is fair. The free rent would be helpful enough. A beat.
28) 34) dialog: I have one condition.
28) 36) dialog: I will take care of your land. I will help it thrive and I will treat it as my own. But my whistling is for me, and my big mouth is for the men. You will not ask of that from me ever again. (then) In turn, I will be the one man here to never ask anything of you. As Mr. Saccione considers this...
29) 0) text: Javier skips through the town square, WHISTLING as always He holds a rose.
30) 0) text: A full-on traditional Flamenco show is in motion. All eyes in the crowd are on a STUNNING WOMAN (20s), in f Flamenco gear, gracefully and powerfully commanding the stage. Yes, all eyes are on her... except for Javier's. He is the one person (in the entire room) looking in the complete opposite direction at... A WAITRESS (who we recognize as Rodrigo’s future mother, ISABEL) . She looks tired. Her dress is prematurely old and worn, l her. She looks up. She locks eyes with Javier. He beams and holds up his rose. She beams back. Sometimes it’s that simple.
31) 0) text: Javier sits outside by a fountain, holding his rose, wait Isabel EXITS the theatre, looks around for him. For a moment, Javier just watches her eyes search. This i clearly one of his favorite hobbies, watching Isabel sear for him and catching her at the exact moment when she spo him. Which happens right... now. She beams. He beams back. 74.
32) 6) text: EXT. THEATRE —- CONTINUOUS Isabel, smiling, approaches Javier.
32) 8) dialog: You were amazing tonight.
32) 10) dialog: The best I’ve ever seen. She LAUGHS.
32) 12) dialog: I want to show you something.
33) 0) text: We push (high speed) through olive trees until we land on A group of shelters and sheds known, collectively, as a CORTIJO. These are the structures on a farm (finca) which house laborers, livestock, mills, etc. The largest building is a two-story structure, the reside for a SENORITO (Javier's new position). He now stands in front of this charming two-story home, showing it off to Isabel: 76.
33) 2) dialog: No, Bonita. Ours. I would like it to be ours. She looks at him, surprised.
33) 3) dialog: I can make a life for us now. I will not be a rich man, but I will be a good one. TI have devoted myself to you since the moment I first saw you, but now I would like to make it official. Isabel--
34) 0) text: Javier and Isabel dance. As they do, the camera circles them - leaving one of them picking up the other, over and over again. As the camera circles... years pass. Facial hair changes for Javier each time we return to him Hairstyles for Isabel each time we return to her. Eventually, Isabel becomes pregnant. 77. They keep dancing, her belly growing larger and larger. Eventually, there’s a baby held between them (little Rodrigo). As we continue to circle, and they continue to dance, Rod grows to four years old (the age we first met him at). Throughout this (from outside the large bay window behind them), we sometimes catch MR. SACCIONE, watching them dan Usually he looks on with a smile, happy for the sweet you lovers. But occasionally, there’s a glint of something different his eye. Is it jealousy? Is he coveting Isabel? Their love? Their new son? It’s probably nothing. But if it’s nothing, why does the Flamenco music always s a little more ominous when the camera finds him?
34) 3) dialog: New York?
34) 9) dialog: New York.
34) 17) dialog: Hello, Mr. Saccione. Isabel and Mr. Saccione whirl. Javier stands in the doorw
34) 19) dialog: Thank you, but my son has enough toys. Javier takes the globe away from Rodrigo.
34) 22) dialog: It is too generous, Jefe. Now come, let me fill you in on the status of the mill. (pointedly) (MORE)
34) 24) dialog: And from here forth, when you need me, you can just send word. I will come to you and save you the trip.
35) 0) text: In FLASHES, we watch the Gonzales family enjoy their New City vacation: - They walk the streets of Manhattan. Rambunctious Rodrig points out everything, enamored with the scope of the cit - The family sleeps (all in one bed) in a cramped youth hostile. They are surrounded by backpackers and vagrants. But they sleep contentedly, happy as can be. A true famil - They take in the Statue of Liberty. - They buy crappy “I love NYC” T-shirts. - They sit in the back of a bus, wearing their new T-shir (we’ve seen this already). - Javier chases rambunctious Rodrigo down the aisle of th bus (we’ve seen this, too). 81. - Javier (bloody) carries Rodrigo away from the front of bus, post accident.
36) 0) text: Javier and Isabel fight. Angrily. The stress of their unwell child is taking a toll.
38) 0) text: Javier and Isabel fight again. In a heated moment, Javier punches the wall next to Isabel’s head. He recoils at himself. She runs off. He grabs a BOTTLE and starts drinking. INT. RODRIGO’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Rodrigo, in bed, SCREAMS again... startling himself awake He has wet the bed, per usual. INT. JAVIER & ISABEL 'S BEDROOM — CONTINUOUS Isabel and Javier lie in bed. They hear Rodrigo’s SCREAM from the next room and Isabel STANDS to go to him. Clearly this has become routine. She stops at the bedroom door.
38) 2) dialog: I know. This hangs there.
38) 4) dialog: It was just one moment. How can one moment just... (MORE)
38) 6) dialog: (then, convincing himself) He was so little. Soon he’1l forget. Yes, he will get better, Bonita. I know this. But Javier's eyes betray him.
38) 8) dialog: We took him to all the doctors--
38) 10) dialog: We are not rich people. Isabel looks at Javier. He suddenly gets what she’s askin
38) 12) dialog: Okay.
38) 14) dialog: (sharply) No. (then, loving) No, Bonita. I must. INT. MR. SACCIONE’S FARMHOUSE - MORNING Mr. Saccione sits at his desk.
38) 15) dialog: Excuse me, Sir? Mr. Saccione looks up in surprise. As Javier begins to speak, uncomfortable... 84.
39) 0) text: Rodrigo works in a room with a THERAPIST. He draws pictur plays with toys, etc. ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE VIEWING WINDOW: Mr. Saccione, Isabel, and Javier watch.
40) 0) text: Javier sits at the table, drinking alone again.
41) 6) dialog: Do you love her? Mr. Saccione stops writing. He doesn’t even turn around.
41) 8) dialog: And Rodrig--
41) 10) dialog: But your father certainly would be. You’ve turned out to be your father’s son after all, Sir. For Mr. Saccione, this cuts deeply. He stands, approaches Javier. Mr. Saccione looks him dead the eye, determined.
41) 12) dialog: No. 90. Mr. Saccione looks up, as confused as we are.
41) 16) dialog: This is goodbye, Bonita. Isabel looks confused.
41) 18) dialog: I see the way you look at him. And he at you. Isabel raises a brow.
41) 20) dialog: I see what he has done for our son--
41) 22) dialog: --things I could not do--
41) 25) dialog: I’ve taken a job up North. TI will send you all the money. Though I suspect soon, you will not need it--
41) 27) dialog: Bonit--
41) 30) dialog: You deserve mor--
44) 0) text: Javier laughs with FRIENDS. Into his line of vision steps Isabel. She bends over to pick up a napkin, and looks at him, coquettish.
45) 4) dialog: So look me in those eyes you love so much, Isabel! Look me in those eyes and tell me that you would have a better life with me than with him. Isabel steps right up to Javier, looks him dead in the ey
46) 0) text: Javier kisses a sleeping Rodrigo goodbye.
71) 0) text: We’ve seen this before, too. Javier and Mr. Saccione confront one another that fateful night (right before Javier makes his choice to leave)
71) 2) dialog: No. Mr. Saccione looks up, as confused as we are. The rest of this scene we haven’t seen yet... 110.
71) 3) dialog: They are better off with you. I cannot help my son the way you can. And I have already lost my wife, even though she will deny it. I will not return. I will not confuse things. (then) I ask only one favor.
73) 0) text: Javier, taking a break from work, reads under a tree.
73) 4) dialog: Hello, Bonita. 111. Isabel is crying now. She reaches out slowly. Takes Javier’s hand. She reaches out her other hand. Takes Mr. Saccione’s. As she says goodbye to the two men who loved her we...