28) 0) text: A stunning Spanish farmhouse. Views as far as the eye can see. Mr. Saccione sits at a desk, writing. Behind him, young Javier steps into the room. He’s dirty from work and clearly uncomfortable standing before his b He debates how to announce his presence when...
28) 1) dialog: Javier, thank you for coming down. Mr. Saccione turns. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) Come, sit. Sit. Mr. Saccione motions at an armchair. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) Drink? 65. Javier shakes his head no. Mr. Saccione sits on the couch opposite him. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) It occurs to me that we’ve never really spoken. Five years I’ve owned this land, Javier, and I don’t think we’ve said more than a few words to one another. Javier shifts uncomfortably. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) I was raised in Italy, you know this, yes? That I’m Italian? Aha, yes, you know. But do you know that I’m only half-Italian? This is true, Javier! My Italian father traveled to Andulucia as a young man and this is where he met my mother - did you know any of this? Did you know my mother was from the area?
28) 3) dialog: A royal fuck of a man, my father. Few men have ever been worse, of this I am certain, Javier. He met my young mother, swept her off her feet, then moved her away from everything she knew and everyone she loved. He was possessive and controlling and abusive. And he was rich, which makes a royal fuck of a man like that particularly dangerous-- are you sure I can’t offer you a drink? Wine, tequila, anything you want?
28) 5) dialog: Yes, of course! Cervesa! Mr. Saccione hops to his feet, continues his story from t next room: 66. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) (yelling back) So there’s my young mother - a full blooded Spanish Andulucian cut off from her family, living in the Italian countryside - doesn’t speak a word of Italian by the way-- it’s a little warm, I’m sorry. He’s returned, hands Javier the beer. He sits back down. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) My father decides he wants an “Italian” wife. An “Italian” family. So he disallows Spanish in his home. He cuts off contact with her family. Mama has nothing to care about. No one to love. And so... she gets pregnant. With me. As I get older, we make a pact: she will teach me Spanish, she will teach me about that half of my heritage - but my father must never know. And over those years -— whenever my father travels for work - she secretly arranges for packages to be shipped from her homeland. Spanish foods and wines and treats - we would eat them so fast our stomach would swell, Javier! Always making sure we never left a trace that my father might discover. Our favorite treat was always the Spanish olive oil. Can you imagine, Javier!? There we are in the Italian countryside - home to the richest olive oil in the world - pouring Spanish olive oil down our throats like you and I now drink this cervesa. What a pair Mama and I were. What a pair indeed. Mr. Saccione sips his beer. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) She died, my mother. When I was just sixteen. As soon as she died, that royal fuck of a man cut me off. I lived in squalor through my teens and twenties. He saw my mother in me, Javier. And in my mother he saw only a dirty Spaniard who had ruined his life. 67. A beat. Slowly, Mr. Saccione smiles. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) Luckily for me: my father wasn’t just a bigot, he was also a narcissist. He never thought he would die, even as he got older, even as he got sicker. And so... he never made a will. (then) The moment that royal fuck of a man left this earth, I became a wildly wealthy man, Javier. And the first thing I did was buy this land back in Andulucia, where I now grow hundreds of acres of the olive oil that Mama and I once hoarded. And while business keeps me away most of the time, this land is the only thing that matters to me, Javier. This land is my story, and it is my mama’s story. It is everything to me. This hangs there. Mr. Saccione finishes off his beer. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) And so, Javier: that is why the olives mean so much to me. And now I must ask you: why do they mean so much to you?
28) 7) dialog: The other men use nets and rakes, you pick by hand. You can only pick half as many--
28) 9) dialog: No, I am aware. This is not criticism, Javier. It is simply a question. Why do you work harder then the other men?
28) 11) dialog: (exploding) Jesus, Javier, come on! He quickly calms himself a little.
28) 12) dialog: I tell you my story. I tell you the story of my fuck of a father and my poor abused mother... and when I ask you for the same all I get is “because it’s the right way?” (then, jovial again) Come now, Javier! Drink your cervesa! Tell me your story! Javier thinks, puts down his beer.
28) 14) dialog: Do you have a family?
28) 16) dialog: Will you have children?
28) 18) dialog: The men love you. I hear you telling them stories, making them laugh.
28) 20) dialog: But with me, you are reserved. 69.
28) 22) dialog: I wish to be your friend. Javier shakes his head. A beat.
28) 24) dialog: I disagre--
28) 26) dialog: The other men admire me, and they barely know me. But you - you hear my story and it does not affect you. It does not make you like me. (beat) It’s okay, you can be honest. A beat, then:
28) 28) dialog: May I ask why--
28) 30) dialog: Would you like to live here and oversee the men, Javier? As Senorito? You and your future wife and future children could live on the property. 70.
28) 32) dialog: Yes, of course there would be a raise--
28) 35) dialog: (smiling) You have a condition for getting a raise?
34) 0) text: Javier and Isabel dance. As they do, the camera circles them - leaving one of them picking up the other, over and over again. As the camera circles... years pass. Facial hair changes for Javier each time we return to him Hairstyles for Isabel each time we return to her. Eventually, Isabel becomes pregnant. 77. They keep dancing, her belly growing larger and larger. Eventually, there’s a baby held between them (little Rodrigo). As we continue to circle, and they continue to dance, Rod grows to four years old (the age we first met him at). Throughout this (from outside the large bay window behind them), we sometimes catch MR. SACCIONE, watching them dan Usually he looks on with a smile, happy for the sweet you lovers. But occasionally, there’s a glint of something different his eye. Is it jealousy? Is he coveting Isabel? Their love? Their new son? It’s probably nothing. But if it’s nothing, why does the Flamenco music always s a little more ominous when the camera finds him?
34) 2) dialog: .-. and over there, Javier, that is America.
34) 4) dialog: Yes, New York, you remember this!? (to Isabel) What a child this is! He remembers my story of traveling to New York from weeks ago, and now connects it to the proper country! Isabel smiles, delivers the coffee. 78.
34) 8) dialog: In English, Rodrigo, Nueva York is “New York,” can you say this? New York?
34) 10) dialog: What a child! In perfect imitation of the accent no less! I just love this child! Isabel flinches, slightly uncomfortable with that sentime coming from him. Mr. Saccione notices, goes quiet.
34) 12) dialog: I apologize. I overstay my welcome--
34) 14) dialog: Yes, I do. I have many great things in my life, Mrs. Gonzales, but I fear my strange upbringing has left me with such scars... I have been unable to find the greatest of things. It is not fair for me to try and fill that void here. He’s close to Isabel. It’s a bit intimate, quiet.
34) 16) dialog: This is kind of you to say. He is truly such a special boy. Oh the things I might teach him one day! English and literature and--
34) 18) dialog: Ah, Javier, good, I came to talk to you about the extension to the mill and brought a gift for your son--
34) 25) dialog: (getting it) Of course. Mr. Saccione tips his cap toward Isabel and Rodrigo.
39) 0) text: Rodrigo works in a room with a THERAPIST. He draws pictur plays with toys, etc. ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE VIEWING WINDOW: Mr. Saccione, Isabel, and Javier watch.
40) 3) dialog: (correcting) Gave me.
41) 0) text: Mr. Saccione runs through the olive grove like a giddy madman. He’s holding Dylan’s LETTER in his hand.
41) 7) dialog: Yes.
41) 9) dialog: Yes. Mr. Saccione finally turns to face his accuser. MR. SACCIONE (CONT’D) I had pure intentions. You may not believe me, but... (then) Loneliness creates weakness, Javier. I am not proud.
41) 11) dialog: I give you my word: I will stay away from them. Your son is healing, he doesn’t need me anymore. They are your family, Javier. Not mine. He walks back to his desk and sits. But then:
47) 0) text: Isabel cries to Mr. Saccione.
47) 5) dialog: Of cours--
47) 7) dialog: I will help him find his way. Isabel nods, softens. She speaks gently to Mr. Saccione:
47) 9) dialog: I understand.
49) 5) dialog: Now read it again, in English.
49) 15) dialog: Where do you want to go to school, Rodrigo?
50) 2) dialog: We’re upstairs. Rodrigo throws down his bag. He bolts through the house.
51) 0) text: Rodrigo, Isabel, and Mr. Saccione eat at the kitchen tabl silence. Finally, Rodrigo puts down his fork.
51) 4) dialog: Isabel, with all that is happening--
54) 0) text: Rodrigo (now sporting a mustache) and Mr. Saccione play c in silence. Waiting for something to change.
56) 0) text: Rodrigo reads by the fire. Mr. Saccione steps into the ro
56) 1) dialog: Your mother asks for you.
67) 0) text: A nurse cares for Isabel. Mr. Saccione helps the nurse. T room is filled with a quiet desperation. Isabel Gonzales is dying.
67) 1) dialog: I must call Rodrigo. Isabel shakes her head.
67) 2) dialog: (pleading) Isabel.
67) 4) dialog: Isabel--
67) 7) dialog: No, I-- 108.
68) 0) text: Mr. Saccione WRITES A LETTER at his desk. Note: This is how we first met him, all those years ago.
68) 2) text: NARRATOR (CONT’D) About what it had done to him, and to his mother. And then... Mr. Saccione finishes the letter. Signs it. And throws it in the fire.
69) 0) text: We’ve seen this scene before: Mr. Saccione giving little Rodrigo (9) a bird:
71) 0) text: We’ve seen this before, too. Javier and Mr. Saccione confront one another that fateful night (right before Javier makes his choice to leave)
71) 1) dialog: (to Javier) I give you my word: I will stay away from them. Your son is healing, he doesn’t need me anymore. They are your family, Javier. Not mine. He walks back to his desk and sits. But then:
72) 0) text: Mr. Saccione writes letters. Tons of letters. He writes about Rodrigo, about Isabel, about his olives.