0) 12) dialog: Will Dempsey was thirty-one years old when he finally gave up on his Sam Jackson unreliable narrator screenplay. (beat) He’d been working on it since 7:30 AM. Will looks up at the clock. It’s 7:47 AM. Will closes the computer, stands, heads to the counter. A way-too-chipper FEMALE BARISTA greets him.
0) 21) dialog: Will was not well. But you don’t need me to tell you that. Will stands in the waiting area. Out of nowhere, he start SINGING. Loudly. People stare. He’s singing Bob Dylan's Standing in the Doorway.
1) 4) dialog: Will hadn’t always been “not well.” It had really only been since his wife had left him that... (then) You know what, we’ll get to that. Right now let’s enjoy them as they were. Will turns over with the dog and faces his wife... ABBY DEMPSEY (30, knockout).
1) 5) dialog: Will loved his wife Abby with an intensity usually reserved for stalkers. She was everything a man could ask for in a wife. She was nurturing, and she was beautiful, and she ate any kind of sushi the chef served to her, even the uni. (then) Yes, Will was sure of it: Abby Dempsey was absolutely perfect. At least back then she was. Abby takes the dog from Will.
9) 0) text: ABBY’S MOM gives birth. Her FATHER cheers her on. Will becomes our third narrator (so far)...
17) 2) dialog: To say Dylan Dempsey’s childhood was marked by death and tragedy would be the grossest of understatements... and also a little bit douchey. TIGHT ON SIX-YEAR-OLD DYLAN’S face. She looks directly in lens.
17) 3) dialog: She was literally born of death and tragedy. SCREECH! The sound of a bus. Little Dylan flinches.
17) 4) dialog: Six months into her little life, her father started locking in the pattern. GUNSHOT! Dylan flinches again.
17) 5) dialog: And this was all before the poor kid even understood what the hell was going on.
18) 2) dialog: The fallout from Will Dempsey’s suicide was instant, long lasting, and far reaching. INT. NEW YORK APARTMENT -— EVENING Dr. Morris sits on the couch, wrapped in a blanket, dazed teary. Her HUSBAND rubs her back, but she just stares forward at 47.
18) 4) dialog: Dylan would now be raised by her mid-sixties grandparents, Irwin and Linda. And the odds weren’t great that they’d last very long.
18) 6) dialog: Irwin Dempsey was sixty-six years old. He was 5'10” and he weighed 265 pounds. When people would caution that you don’t see a lot of nearly 300 pound, 70 year olds walking around, Irwin would always say:
18) 8) dialog: Irwin had high cholesterol, severe arthritis, and the beginnings of gout. And he was the healthiest of Dylan’s new caretakers. The camera swings over to Linda Dempsey, who now stares directly into lens, crying.
18) 9) dialog: For two decades, Linda Dempsey had managed her clinical anxiety and depression with a ever-evolving cocktail of Prozac, Zoloft, and white wine. Linda nods into lens, teary. 48.
18) 10) dialog: And that anxiety and depression did not even account for her only child's suicide, nor the grapefruit sized tumor which she had no idea was growing inside of her.
19) 3) dialog: She did not say this, of course, but if she could verbalize what she was feeling at eight years old, she would have. Irwin sits next to her. Eight-year-old “Dylan” continues expressing her innermost thoughts:
19) 5) dialog: But what she really said was:
19) 8) dialog: Again: Irwin expressed this all with:
19) 11) dialog: But Irwin had no more power to prevent loss than any of us do.
21) 2) dialog: Her mother gets hit by a bus. Her father commits suicide. Her grandmother dies of cancer. (then) But it was the death of a mini goldendoodle that ended Dylan Dempsey’s childhood. Dylan turns, looks into lens again. As she does, and as our narrator continues, Dylan slowly ever so slowly - MORPHS in front of our eyes from an INNO NINE-YEAR-OLD GIRL to a TEENAGER.
21) 3) dialog: 2025 to 2033: the Dylan Dempsey Transformation Years. The years brought puberty. Puberty brought sexuality. Sexuality brought anger. And fear. And confusion. And when the smoke cleared - where that sweet little girl once stood - there remained only a teenager who scared the absolute shit out of everyone. Dylan turns back to lens, revealing a fully evolved 18-YE OLD DYLAN DEMPSEY. She is a knockout, in a dangerous, way-too-sexy way. She begins throwing stuff in a BACKPACK. KNOCK KNOCK. Irwin stands at the door again, aged ten years himself. H thinner. Older. He may have cut out that red meat, but not the whiskey. He’s holding his ubiquitous glass of it.
25) 22) dialog: If four-year-old Rodrigo Gonzales had really been there that night, he might have told the stoned young woman standing in front of him that it mattered quite a bit to him that Dylan Dempsey was okay. 60.
26) 7) dialog: Before their trip to New York City, the Gonzales family had never ventured outside of Spain. (MORE )
26) 9) dialog: The Andulucia region, to be more specific. Rodrigo stops toward the middle of the bus as a man entertains him with a magic trick (coin in the ear).
26) 10) dialog: They were simple, happy people, from a simple, happy place. Vacations did not come naturally to them - frankly, it never occurred to them that they might need a break from anything. A coin gets pulled from a euphoric Rodrigo’s ear. Javier LAUGHS.
26) 11) dialog: But little Rodrigo had become obsessed with New York City. So his loving father bought cheap plane fares and booked the most rat- infested Manhattan hotel imaginable. (then) Until this moment, it had been the trip of a lifetime. Javier gets drawn into conversation (in Spanish) with a nearby older woman as little Rodrigo keeps moving down th aisle.
26) 12) dialog: Again: simple people, with their own simple, unique, brand of happiness. Javier looks back at his wife, winks at her. Isabel smiles back, motions for him to keep an eye on Rod (who has run up toward the bus driver).
26) 17) dialog: The lives of two families were forever changed that day. The Dempseys were, as we know, shattered - instantly and in full. But for the Gonzales family, it would take some time for the effects of the accident to fully take root. (MORE )
26) 19) dialog: (then) And theirs was a family that knew quite a bit about roots. We hear HAPPY WHISTLING and...
28) 37) dialog: At exactly this moment, a mere 4000 miles away, Abby Dempsey (then Abby Lesher) had just finished the first draft of her college thesis...
28) 53) dialog: Abby’s thesis was a total disaster. Her favorite and most trusted professor argued - as she feared he might - that she had strayed from literary criticism and had veered into an unwieldy cross of creative writing and seventeenth century French philosophy. He said Abby had essentially regurgitated the philosopher Descartes who in his Third and Fifth Meditations discarded perception as unreliable - which, Abby’s favorite and most trusted professor argued, was all Abby was really saying herself. (then) Then Abby's favorite and most trusted professor tried to fuck her... which, one might argue, proved Abby’s thesis after all.
29) 1) dialog: A continent away, Javier Gonzales was worried about none of this. Javier Gonzales didn’t philosophize and he never wondered what life had in store for him. (MORE )
29) 3) dialog: Javier Gonzales knew where he was going. He’d known all along. Javier stops in front of a SMALL THEATRE.
31) 1) dialog: Isabel Diaz had been taught from birth to expect a very average life.
32) 2) dialog: She was one of six sisters, and was openly considered to be the fourth prettiest. We stop panning four girls down the line, on ISABEL. Here she’s 7, and ordinary. We push in on her blank littl face.
32) 3) dialog: By the same debilitating rating system, Isabel was considered the third smartest, and fourth funniest of the sisters. She’d been born average, something hammered home by even her favorite relative: her abuela. REVEAL: Abuela (70) in Isabel’s face.
32) 7) dialog: Isabel's very average life had played out in the very average fashion that everyone had forecasted for her. (then) Until Javier came along. She arrives at Javier. He hands her the rose.
32) 11) dialog: Javier had worked hard to undo Isabel's programming. Slowly, he believed, she was starting to see that she was special enough to deserve a special life, even if it was to be a simple one.
34) 6) dialog: Isabel could no longer remember when Mr. Saccione first started coming over to visit Rodrigo. ON MR. SACCIONE and RODRIGO, bonding. Isabel watches.
34) 7) dialog: She only knew that the visits had become more consistent. Usually in the middle of the day, always when Javier was in the fields.
34) 11) dialog: Isabel liked Mr. Saccione. She liked the things he exposed Rodrigo to - a breadth of knowledge and experience that she and Javier could never access. So while she had never hidden Mr. Saccione’s visits from her husband, it was fair to say she'd undersold their frequency and intensity. Mr. Saccione stands, approaches Isabel.
34) 27) dialog: Javier Gonzales was a simple man, but not a stupid one. And that day, he began doing something he'd never done before: planning a family vacation. To a place that - he’d just learned - his son desperately wanted to visit with someone else.
35) 1) dialog: A pregnant woman eviscerated by a bus. A grown man weeping, desperately. Bystanders screaming. It was only about twenty seconds of footage but it would replay on a loop in little Rodrigo Gonzales’s brain for years to come.
35) 4) dialog: It was textbook early childhood trauma... and it was happening to a family without any textbooks. INT. JAVIER & ISABEL’S HOME - DAY Rodrigo (now 5) throws a tantrum as Isabel tries to get h to eat. Javier ENTERS, closing the door behind him. The door slamming makes Rodrigo jump. Javier and Isabel share a look. 82.
38) 16) dialog: The things we do for our children are often the worst things we do to ourselves.
39) 1) dialog: Money cannot buy happiness. Good health, however, is sometimes very much for sale. And Mr. Saccione spared no expense when it came to helping little Rodrigo Gonzales.
39) 3) dialog: The diagnosis was, as expected, textbook: clinical early childhood trauma at an age when Rodrigo’s still developing brain had been particularly at risk. The Therapist continues talking. Mr. Saccione asks the bu of the questions. Javier blinks, trying to understand.
39) 4) dialog: It would take time, but it was treatable. In therapist speak, Rodrigo would need to learn to create a coherent narrative about what happened that day. Being able to tell the story of the event would help him master his feelings. And one day there might be a breakthrough, a moment when Rodrigo could fully accept what had happened to him and begin to move forward. 85. Mr. Saccione takes notes. Javier watches, completely out his depth. A spectator in his own son’s life. INT. JAVIER & ISABEL’S HOME - MORNING Mr. Saccione gives Rodrigo a BIRD as a gift (red ribbon o the cage). Isabel and Javier watch.
39) 5) dialog: Months passed. Mr. Saccione’s visits were no longer restricted, his gifts no longer withheld. Javier knew he’d opened the floodgates... he just hadn't realized how much water he was letting in. Javier leaves the room. No one notices. INT. THERAPIST’S OFFICE - DAY Rodrigo (now 7) draws a picture of a the SCENE OF THE ACCIDENT. Front and center is a woman (Abby) on the groun with a huge, pregnant belly.
39) 6) dialog: Rodrigo started improving. INT. RODRIGO’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Rodrigo (almost 8) sleeps through the night.
39) 7) dialog: The steps forward were small, but notable. INT. JAVIER & ISABEL’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Isabel lies in bed, alone.
39) 8) dialog: The therapy was working. 86.
40) 1) dialog: Or some might argue, time was simply healing the wound. INT. MR. SACCIONE’S FARMHOUSE - CONTINUOUS Rodrigo (now 9) sits at Mr. Saccione’s desk, writing a le (in English) under Mr. Saccione’s watchful eye:
45) 7) dialog: Life - that unreliable, mischievous little bitch - never stops twisting our plots. (then) The inseparable, separate. (then) Unbreakable love, breaks.
46) 1) dialog: More heroes exit our plays, without so much as a curtain call.
47) 1) dialog: And supporting players suddenly take over the leads. Isabel stops crying. She stands.
48) 1) dialog: If we’ve learned anything by now, it’s not to get too attached to new heroes. They tend to disappoint. But damn if little Rodrigo Gonzales didn’t look like the real deal. Rodrigo finishes tying his laces. He looks up at camera and... 95. The little guy winks right at us like he’s George fucking Clooney.
50) 4) dialog: New York had once captivated Rodrigo’s imagination, then haunted it, and eventually captivated it again. Rodrigo takes the stairs, two at a time...
50) 5) dialog: So it came as no surprise that he would be subconsciously drawn back to the city one day. (then) But life tends not to forecast its biggest surprises. Rodrigo enters a bedroom to find... ISABEL and MR. SACCIONE (both aged nine years) sitting on bed. They've been crying. Rodrigo stops in his tracks. They look up at him.
51) 9) dialog: Money cannot buy happiness. But good health, is sometimes very much for sale. 99.
52) 1) dialog: But not always. She looks awful. Mr. Saccione looks on, confused. This isn’t how it is supposed to go.
58) 1) dialog: Rodrigo entered NYU a twenty-one- year-old freshman. And as he’d been doing for most of the previous decade, he thrived.
59) 1) dialog: He lettered in two sports.
60) 1) dialog: His marks were at the very top of his class.
61) 1) dialog: He even embarked on a relationship with a nineteen-year-old Jewish American Princess from Long Island named Shari Dickstein. She made him laugh. Usually not intentionally. Shari breaks from their kiss.
61) 3) dialog: She wasn’t his great love, but she was company, and great love wasn’t his priority at the moment.
62) 1) dialog: He saved every dollar, coveted every vacation. Rodrigo Gonzales had an internal compass, and it always pointed in the same direction. 102. INT. BEDROOM —- MORNING Rodrigo sits by the bedside of his mother, entertaining h Mr. Saccione sits on the other side of the bed.
62) 5) dialog: Like so many of the biggest years of our lives, it flew by. But in truth, that year was just a setup - a preamble to the biggest day of Rodrigo Gonzales’ life: March 31st, 2032. CHYRON: MARCH 31st, 2032.
65) 18) dialog: He was. As we watch Rodrigo do the deed...
65) 19) dialog: Obviously nothing thus far had indicated that March 31st would be the most important day of Rodrigo’s life. The entire day - as so many of life’s days are - had been a misdirect. A fake out. Literally... Shari is hysterical. 107.
66) 1) dialog: No, sometimes the most important days of our lives begin, and we’re not even there to see it.
67) 10) dialog: All of life’s surprises are not bad ones.
68) 1) dialog: Mr. Saccione was a letter writer. He always had been. He believed in the power of the written word, the force of actually sitting down and writing to someone by hand. (then) The bulk of Mr. Saccione’s letters were to one man: We see the letter heading: Dear Papa. NARRATOR (CONT’D) Almost every day - his own private therapy - he would write to his deceased father. He would release his anger about his abusive upbringing. (MORE )
68) 2) text: NARRATOR (CONT’D) About what it had done to him, and to his mother. And then... Mr. Saccione finishes the letter. Signs it. And throws it in the fire.
69) 1) dialog: But as Rodrigo started healing, so did Mr. Saccione.
70) 1) dialog: The letter writing slowed. Then stopped. Until...
72) 1) dialog: And with that, Mr. Saccione’s letters found a new recipient.
73) 1) dialog: A man whose only request was that he be kept up to date on those he had abandoned, but still cherished.
74) 1) dialog: When critics reviewed Abby Dempsey’s favorite album - Bob Dylan’s 1997 release, Time out of Mind - the song “To Make You Feel My Love” was the source of much criticism. Every track on the album brimmed with unrelenting melancholy and sadness. But there, smack in the middle of it all, sat an unabashedly populist hit song. A love song. A song that in years to come would be covered by Garth Brooks, of all people. Critics argued that putting an on-the-nose love song in the middle of an album about despair and tragedy, was Dylan's only misstep. (then) Others argued that it was his point. 112. Rodrigo stands. He puts on running shoes. He needs to move.
75) 1) dialog: Rodrigo Gonzales had not returned to the corner of 32nd and 3rd until that night. He’d started a new chapter in New York, and hadn’t felt a need to re-open his saddest one. (then) But that night he wanted to be sad. Rodrigo stops in his tracks. He is looking at something. Or someone.
75) 4) dialog: My father, Rodrigo Gonzales, officially met my mother, Dylan Dempsey that day - the most important day of his life.
76) 0) text: AN ATTRACTIVE WOMAN (30s) stands on stage. This is our narrator.