26) 0) text: Little Rodrigo sits with his mother and father in the bac a New York City bus. Rodrigo is adorable, carefree, and curious. He’s holding a plastic Statue of Liberty toy souvenir and wearing an “I LOVE NEW YORK” T-shirt. His blue-collar parents JAVIER (big smile, barrel-chested and ISABEL (beautifully tired, stoic) wear similar T-shir They are fighting a losing battle to control their rambunctious son. But they don’t seem to mind losing the battle. This family enjoys one another. They love, openly. Important note to reader: all conversation within this st will be in Spanish, and subtitled).
26) 1) dialog: I want to go up front.
26) 6) dialog: Hola... Hola... Hola...
26) 13) dialog: Approaching the driver.
26) 14) dialog: Hola.
27) 3) text: Revealing that the hands belong to a younger Javier (Rodrigo’s father). He’s about ten years younger here. There’s something beautiful about this big, barrel-cheste young man so gently caring for these olives.
30) 0) text: A full-on traditional Flamenco show is in motion. All eyes in the crowd are on a STUNNING WOMAN (20s), in f Flamenco gear, gracefully and powerfully commanding the stage. Yes, all eyes are on her... except for Javier's. He is the one person (in the entire room) looking in the complete opposite direction at... A WAITRESS (who we recognize as Rodrigo’s future mother, ISABEL) . She looks tired. Her dress is prematurely old and worn, l her. She looks up. She locks eyes with Javier. He beams and holds up his rose. She beams back. Sometimes it’s that simple.
34) 0) text: Javier and Isabel dance. As they do, the camera circles them - leaving one of them picking up the other, over and over again. As the camera circles... years pass. Facial hair changes for Javier each time we return to him Hairstyles for Isabel each time we return to her. Eventually, Isabel becomes pregnant. 77. They keep dancing, her belly growing larger and larger. Eventually, there’s a baby held between them (little Rodrigo). As we continue to circle, and they continue to dance, Rod grows to four years old (the age we first met him at). Throughout this (from outside the large bay window behind them), we sometimes catch MR. SACCIONE, watching them dan Usually he looks on with a smile, happy for the sweet you lovers. But occasionally, there’s a glint of something different his eye. Is it jealousy? Is he coveting Isabel? Their love? Their new son? It’s probably nothing. But if it’s nothing, why does the Flamenco music always s a little more ominous when the camera finds him?
34) 20) dialog: (crying) No!
34) 26) dialog: (through tears) I want to go to New York with him! As Javier escorts Mr. Saccione out of his home, he looks at his wife. She looks equal parts furious (at Javier) and ashamed (of herself).
35) 0) text: In FLASHES, we watch the Gonzales family enjoy their New City vacation: - They walk the streets of Manhattan. Rambunctious Rodrig points out everything, enamored with the scope of the cit - The family sleeps (all in one bed) in a cramped youth hostile. They are surrounded by backpackers and vagrants. But they sleep contentedly, happy as can be. A true famil - They take in the Statue of Liberty. - They buy crappy “I love NYC” T-shirts. - They sit in the back of a bus, wearing their new T-shir (we’ve seen this already). - Javier chases rambunctious Rodrigo down the aisle of th bus (we’ve seen this, too). 81. - Javier (bloody) carries Rodrigo away from the front of bus, post accident.
37) 0) text: Rodrigo (now 6) gets in a fight on the playground with another LITTLE BOY.
38) 0) text: Javier and Isabel fight again. In a heated moment, Javier punches the wall next to Isabel’s head. He recoils at himself. She runs off. He grabs a BOTTLE and starts drinking. INT. RODRIGO’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Rodrigo, in bed, SCREAMS again... startling himself awake He has wet the bed, per usual. INT. JAVIER & ISABEL 'S BEDROOM — CONTINUOUS Isabel and Javier lie in bed. They hear Rodrigo’s SCREAM from the next room and Isabel STANDS to go to him. Clearly this has become routine. She stops at the bedroom door.
39) 0) text: Rodrigo works in a room with a THERAPIST. He draws pictur plays with toys, etc. ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE VIEWING WINDOW: Mr. Saccione, Isabel, and Javier watch.
40) 2) dialog: Dear Dylan. My name is Rodrigo Gonzales, but I like to be called Rod. I am from Spain. My uncle presented me--
40) 4) dialog: --gave me your address to write you a letter.
40) 6) dialog: I was there the day you were born. I was on the bus. INT. IRWIN’S KITCHEN - DAY Irwin and Linda (Dylan’s grandmother) read the letter at kitchen table. 87.
40) 7) dialog: I wonder about you every day. Actually, I wonder about you every minute. I hope you are okay and that you are happy. INT. DYLAN DEMPSEY’S BEDROOM - DAY Linda reads the letter to Dylan (age six).
40) 8) dialog: I was sad for a long time but my uncle got me a bird which helps. If you are sad maybe you can get a bird. Please write me back? I really hope very much that you are okay. Love, Rod.
41) 4) dialog: (realizing) She’s okay. And in that moment, we can see that Rodrigo is going to b okay, too. He walks over to his mother, repeats: RODRIGO (CONT’D) She’s okay. Isabel nods. Rodrigo hugs his mother and he starts crying This makes his mother cry, too. Mr. Saccione watches, moved. Rodrigo turns to Mr. Saccione and motions for him to join them. Mr. Saccione hesitates, then does. As they group hug, Mr. Saccione and Isabel share a charge look.
46) 0) text: Javier kisses a sleeping Rodrigo goodbye.
48) 0) text: Nine-year-old Rodrigo wakes up. Puts on his sneakers.
49) 0) text: Rodrigo runs through the olive groves, a child at play. As he runs through the trees, we continually pan down to shoes, and back up to his face. Back and forth. As we do... the shoes change, and Rodrigo ages. And as Rodrigo evolves during this one single shot/run, h life plays out in voice-over:
49) 1) dialog: Where’s Papa?
49) 3) dialog: (later) Where’s Papa?
49) 6) dialog: (reading) YOU don’t know about me without you have read a book by the name of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer; but that ain’t no matter. Rodrigo starts filling out, running harder. He becomes a teen... twelve, then thirteen.
49) 11) dialog: I am.
49) 16) dialog: America. Rodrigo is running top speed now. Muscles churning. His face spreads into a huge smile as he spots... THE FARMHOUSE. He’s running home. And he has news.
50) 1) dialog: Mama!? Vincent!?
50) 3) dialog: (calling out) I got in! NYU! Early Admission!
51) 0) text: Rodrigo, Isabel, and Mr. Saccione eat at the kitchen tabl silence. Finally, Rodrigo puts down his fork.
51) 1) dialog: I will delay University. I will stay home until you are better. 98.
51) 3) dialog: (gentle) It is not your decision, Mama.
51) 6) dialog: (again, firmly) And I said that it is not your decision. Isabel looks up, surprised at her son’s tone. RODRIGO (CONT’D) You have given me everything, Mama. You have given me your life. I can give you this.
51) 8) dialog: (firm) I can give you this. He leans in. Takes their hands. RODRIGO (CONT’D) We will fix this, Mama. We will fix this the way you fixed me. Look at me. Both of you, look at me. (then) We will fix you. Mr. Saccione nods. He squeezes Rodrigo’s hand. As they sit there like this, our Narrator repeats an earl sentiment:
53) 0) text: Rodrigo tends to his mother, wetting her lips with water.
54) 0) text: Rodrigo (now sporting a mustache) and Mr. Saccione play c in silence. Waiting for something to change.
55) 0) text: Rodrigo (now with a young man’s sparse beard) picks olive the same way his father once did... by hand, into a bucke All around him, men use the more typical (and faster) techniques involving rakes and nets.
56) 0) text: Rodrigo reads by the fire. Mr. Saccione steps into the ro
57) 0) text: Rodrigo stops at the door, looks in at his mother. What we see is shocking: 100. Isabel has been ravaged by cancer. Bald. Almost unrecognizable. She motions for Rodrigo to come closer. He does. She spea quietly.
57) 2) dialog: Mama-—
58) 0) text: Rodrigo sits in a class, taking notes.
59) 0) text: A cross-country track meet. Rodrigo bursts from the woods, running in a full sprint. flies past camera. 101. It takes ten seconds for anyone else to even emerge from woods.
60) 0) text: Rodrigo gives a presentation.
61) 0) text: Rodrigo fools around with an attractive girl.
62) 0) text: Rodrigo sits in economy class, sleeping.
62) 2) dialog: She’s from a place called Long Island. Her name is Shari Dickstein... He shows a picture from his phone.
62) 4) dialog: She’s loud. Isabel and Mr. Saccione explode LAUGHING.
63) 0) text: Rodrigo lies next to Shari. He’s awake. She's asleep, snoring. He watches her, thinking. He stands, starts dressing. Shari stirs.
63) 2) dialog: Just going for a quick run. A beat.
63) 4) dialog: Huh?
63) 6) dialog: Shari--
64) 0) text: Rodrigo and Shari walk down the city street. Shari talks a mile a minute. Rodrigo just stares, lost.
65) 6) dialog: (confused) What?
65) 8) dialog: What is that?
65) 10) dialog: But it’s March 31st.
65) 12) dialog: I didn’t even know what April Fool’s Day was.
65) 14) dialog: So there’s no baby?
65) 16) dialog: Shari--
69) 0) text: We’ve seen this scene before: Mr. Saccione giving little Rodrigo (9) a bird:
72) 0) text: Mr. Saccione writes letters. Tons of letters. He writes about Rodrigo, about Isabel, about his olives.
74) 0) text: Rodrigo, fresh from his “break up,” walks back into his r As he does, his cell phone RINGS. The caller reads: “Tio” (Uncle). Rodrigo answers. We can tell, immediately, that he is getting the bad news. His mother has died. CUE SONG: “To Make You Feel My Love” by BOB DYLAN. The song takes over as we watch Rodrigo receive the news. OVER THE NEXT FEW HOURS we watch him process. He cries. He paces. He sits. He thinks. He grieves. All to “To Make You Feel My Love.”
75) 0) text: Rodrigo runs through the night, flying past pedestrians o the New York City sidewalks. He runs and runs and runs. He’s trying to outrun his loss his grief.
75) 2) dialog: Are you okay?
77) 0) text: We're back with Isabel, sick in bed, saying goodbye to tw one-year-old Rodrigo before sending him off to NYU. This is the scene we didn’t translate before.
77) 1) dialog: Mama-— 115.