61) 2) dialog: Oh my gawd, I totally forgot to tell you, I was at Whole Foods, and Rina Rothman was there - such a pig - anyway-- As Shari continues (and Rodrigo suppresses a laugh):
63) 0) text: Rodrigo lies next to Shari. He’s awake. She's asleep, snoring. He watches her, thinking. He stands, starts dressing. Shari stirs.
63) 1) dialog: Where you going?
63) 3) dialog: Bonita. 103.
63) 5) dialog: When we started dating you called me “Bonita.” You would have said: “Just going for a quick run, Bonita.” (then) It always made me feel like Kelly Ripa. A loaded beat, then:
63) 7) dialog: I’m pregnant. Fuck. Rodrigo’s world spins like a top. Shari sits up, starts dressing.
63) 8) dialog: I know. Lots to talk about, obvi. Hey - will you take me for brunch? There’s this place I want to try, it’s Vietnamese, I’m assuming that’s like Dim Sum or something but I’m dying to try it. Rodrigo just stands there, speechless.
63) 9) dialog: We can talk at brunch. At the Vietnamese place. I really want to try it.
64) 0) text: Rodrigo and Shari walk down the city street. Shari talks a mile a minute. Rodrigo just stares, lost.
64) 1) dialog: So I just started feeling shitty a few weeks ago. I thought I was just getting a really bad period, ever since I got off the pill I’ve been getting bananas periods, you know? (MORE )
64) 3) dialog: But it wasn’t stopping so I went to my gyno and he was like “are you sexually active” and I told him about you and then he did the test thing and blammo. I hadn’t even thought to try an at-home test, for whatever reason my brain didn’t go there what-so-fucking-ever. Beat. Rodrigo just stares. She continues, nonplussed.
64) 4) dialog: Anyways, I know we haven’t been together very long and clearly this is as what-the-fuck as you get. I don’t really know what your deal is with religious stuff, but I think I should probably just get an abortion. She turns back to him. SHARI (CONT’D) Are you like super against that? Abortion? Shari has stopped out in the street, looking back at Rodr Rodrigo, still speechless, looks to her right. A TAXI is speeding down the side street right at her. SHARI (CONT’D) I know abortion’s a big thing for Christians - you’re Christian I assu-— At the last second, Rodrigo grabs her arm and pulls her b to safety. The CABBIE blares on his horn. Shari barely notices.
64) 5) dialog: Anyhow, we don’t have to decide all this now, but I would like to make the call early before the thing has a head and stuff. Rodrigo stares.
65) 0) text: Shari eats noodles sloppily.
65) 1) dialog: So the way I see it, we have like three options... She SLURPS. Rodrigo’s brain explodes with each slurp.
65) 2) dialog: Option One: we have it. I mean, a mixed race baby with our skin complexions would be amazeballs. My family has batshit money, we could get nannies and stuff, I don’t know, probably a bad idea. SLURP. Brain explosion.
65) 3) dialog: Option Two: abort. But again, I'd like to make that call sooner than later before the thing has a head and stuff. SLURP. Brain explosion.
65) 4) dialog: Or Option Three: we can just agree this is all an insane APRIL FOOL'S
65) 7) dialog: April Fool's, Bitch!
65) 9) dialog: Seriously? You don’t know April Fool's? Rodrigo stares blankly at her. 106. SHARI (CONT’D) On the first day of April you play practical jokes on people and yell April Fool’s!
65) 11) dialog: I thought you'd see it coming if I did it on April Fool's Day.
65) 13) dialog: Well I didn’t know that. Rodrigo processes.
65) 15) dialog: Dude, no! Oh c’mon, that was funny! You have to admit, that was funny. Rodrigo puts down his napkin. Breathes deeply.
65) 17) dialog: Oh fuck, you’re going to break up with me aren't you?
65) 20) dialog: 