85) 0) text: Frank, Tom, Joe and TOM TWIN BOYS, 6 years old, sit at a table eating dinner, as Diane serves. We parachute into t middle of the conversation:
85) 1) dialog: ... well, I just think she's got a lot  of nerve showing up here. Draggin' that  child and that poor animal all the way... (TO ONE OF THE TWINS)
85) 5) dialog: (sits down)
85) 8) dialog: What, they ain't going forty miles into  Choteau everytime they want a hamburger.
85) 10) dialog: What?
85) 14) dialog: Well, that's just what we need on a cattle  ranch -- a vegetarian from New York. Everyone eats. Beat.
85) 19) dialog: (playing)
85) 20) text: We're not sure, sweetheart, but they  eat like rabbits. Tom and Frank chuckle. Diane smiles -- in on the joke wit them. The children are curiously confused.
87) 0) text: Diane is in her bathrobe doing bills at the kitchen table she listens to a BOOK OF TAPE. Her hand on her forehead, other hand writing. Tom enters to take his hat off the  sideboard. He moves to the table and reaches over for a  cookie from a plate of cookies. Without looking up, Diane slaps his hand. Tom then pours himself a cup of coffee... swiftly sneaks his hand back and grabs a cookie. Diane sm Tom exits. It is only then that Diane looks up after him.
99) 0) text: The sky is changing colors, the temperature has dropped. is still sitting in the grass, although someone has broug him a blanket for his shoulders. Pilgrim is in the pastur but now -- he too is motionless, looking back at Tom. The sound of a car makes Tom turn to see Annie driving up She gets out, stands by the car with a proprietary air,  watching Tom and Pilgrim. Grace remains in the car. There sound. She turns to see Diane coming out of the house...
99) 1) dialog: There's coffee inside... I was just  bringing this to Tom.
99) 3) dialog: Sure. (seeing Grace in car)
99) 6) dialog: Pasture? Oh, that stretch of field near  the hill? Yeah. She's gone. Annie grimaces, then crosses the hillside to  where Tom is squatting down. She appears to his side and, without speaking, tries to indicates she has his coffee b leaning it toward him. Tom sees her and accepts it with a grateful nod. Annie waits. Nothing happens. Feeling fooli she begins to walk back. At some point, she turns to see Pilgrim moving across the pasture toward Tom. He stops in front of him, just a few away. Tom says something to him. Annie is intrigued -- an knows enough to stay quiet now. She watches Pilgrim walk to him. She watches as Tom gets up and pats Pilgrim's sca head. In spite of herself, Annie is somewhat moved by thi Only we see Grace, peering out from the car, seeing this of communion as well. Only we see her reaction to it. As Tom turns and walks back to the ranch, Pilgrim follows As he passes Annie, all he says is...
99) 10) dialog: Mrs. MacLean -- why don't you and  daughter stay for dinner?
99) 12) dialog: No imposition. Plenty of food. Gonna  get pretty dark soon. Hard to find a  place. Annie looks up to the alien sky and realizes she's right. looks to Grace, who doesn't seem to oppose the idea.
100) 1) dialog: Joe, take off the hat -- I'm not  going to say it again. Joe obeys. Diane puts the last of the serving plates on t table -- pork chops, potatoes, gravy, peas, bread... And bowl of mixed salad. The boy can't help eyeing how the  "vegetarians" will act. Annie and Grace eye the food. Annie reaches out for a ser ladle, picking up Grace's plate to serve her as Grace rea for a piece of bread, when:
100) 17) dialog: How's Peterson's holding up for you?
100) 21) text: You know, Tom, while you're working on  that horse of theirs, Annie and Grace  should move into the old Creek house. Diane and Tom react accordingly; Diane hiding her annoyan Tom hiding his surprise and pleasure.
100) 25) dialog: (overlapping)
103) 0) text: Diane is washing windows while listening to an audio book her tape player. Through the windows, she sees: Joe and the Twins helping Annie and Grace move into the C House. Diane has conflicting feelings about this. She continues work.
107) 0) text: The ranch is colored in amber light. Near the house, two long tables pushed together to make o long one... A gentle breeze ruffles the tablecloth. Every is seated for a meal. We hear laughter and conversation.. parachute into the middle of the moments; -- Hank helping with his wife get to their three children sit still for dinner... -- Diane organizing the women and their various plates of dishes... -- The Ranch Hand piling up their plates and kidding each other... -- Joe is instructing Grace on the various sauces for the ribs. The Twins are making fun of him behind his back. -- Tom and Smokey are barbecuing, the last one to sit. -- Frank assists his frail mother, ELLEN BOOKER, at the t filling her plate with all the things she can't reach for
107) 8) dialog: (to Grace)
107) 11) dialog: Probably never worked so hard,  neither. Those arms of yours are  gonna be pretty sore tomorrow. I'll  give you a little bit of ointment I  make. It's a magic recipe my Mama  gave me.
107) 15) dialog: I never got that whole story, what  happened?
107) 20) dialog: Old Fool... Darling, pass down those peas  for me, thank you. Annie and Grace don't know how to respond... But everyone takes it their stride as they continue eating... Grace notices Joe is whispering something to Frank, who n his head and speaks to the table.
108) 0) text: The Women are bringing in dishes and plates and food from tables through the house and into the kitchen. Annie is a them, feeling apart of the group. She enters carrying a l bowl, that held the corn. Diane is replacing newly-cleaned forks and knives in her  dining room drawers, above which are several FAMILY PICTU
108) 2) text: Where does this go, Diane?
108) 3) dialog: Oh, you can just set up on the dining  table. I have to rearrange my shelves  tomorrow. Annie complies. She notices the framed pictures on the wa the dining room.
108) 5) dialog: Mm-mm. I never knew him. He died  before Frank and I met. This here's... (another photo)
108) 8) dialog: Always did. I think she favored him a  little. You tend to when you have more  than one, even though you love 'em all  the same. She studies the old faces of Tom's Parents -- although 20 Century people, there is still a pioneering strength in t visage... a stoicism and power.
108) 9) dialog: (putting away forks)
108) 12) dialog: No. See, Frank and Tom were raised near  the Clark's Fork River, right between the  Pryor and Beartooth Mountains. Beautiful  piece of land. But they had this uncle  Ned -- useless man, never interested in  ranching. And when the grandparents died,  he left for the city and sent word  through lawyers he wanted his claim to  the land so he could sell it. Three years  of legation broke their father. Frank took  it all in stride, but Tom... Tom loved that  land. I don't think he ever got over it --  His home being sold out from under him.  Seeing his father like that. Once he and  Frank got their folks set up in a new  place, Tom left... went off. We didn't see  him for years... Annie is intrigued by what she's learning about Tom.  Something outside the window catches her eyes. She watche POV;
114) 11) dialog: Oh, it's... I wanted to tell you that,  if you'd like, you being so busy, I  could take Grace to her therapy  exercises for you. I have to go in  once a week for shopping anyway. Annie doesn't know whether or not to accept.
114) 14) text: Hello? Hi, yeah, I just spoke to him.  Oh, you know David, Mr. Strong Arm... Diane feels out of place and exits. Annie doesn't notice  until she hears the door close. She pushes back her hair takes a deep breath. She looks out through the side windo and sees: Grace and Joe doing chores. Grace looks involved and not all self-conscious. A moment of gratitude and calm for An
133) 6) dialog: Ha...
133) 8) dialog: Ain't brain surgery.
133) 11) dialog: Hey. You stop that kind of talk at the  table.
133) 14) dialog: I uh... I like the sauce very much. Maybe  I get the recipe. Annie is so pleased and is about to reply, but Grace, not Tom smiling at Annie:
133) 17) dialog: Well, I tried jar sauce once --  wasn't this good. Ya gotta know  which brand to buy. I'd like to  get the name of this one. Annie is grateful. Grace feels foolish.
133) 19) dialog: What?
133) 21) dialog: Oh, I don't --
133) 23) dialog: I'll help you with the coffee.
133) 25) dialog: (jovial)
133) 26) text: No reason you should, no reason you  should. They exit into the kitchen. Frank continues eating. Tom looks around -- Grace showing the boys the computer. and Diane in the kitchen. For a second, we see Tom realiz image of the life he once thought he could.
134) 0) text: As Diane and Annie prepare coffee and dessert;
134) 1) dialog: I was looking in one of your magazines  and saw that picture of the couple  getting married at the Pyramids. Were  you ever in Egypt?
134) 3) dialog: What was it like?
134) 7) dialog: I'd love to go there one time...
134) 9) dialog: Soon. We're going to Branson, Missouri  to see my cousin Emma married. Frank  loves in there. Annie can sense the disappointment in her voice, and at t same time, the comfortable resignation. Suddenly, from inside, they hear LOUD OVERLAPPING VOICES the children fight.
134) 24) dialog: 
134) 31) dialog: Annie, I'm so sorry, but they're just  tired. We'll have dessert another time.  Frank, get them out of here. (to other Twin)
134) 34) text: Say thank you!! Diane and Frank usher the kids out. Tom holds onto Joe un they're gone, then lets him go.
147) 0) text: Frank and Diane, with the Twins, dogs at their heels, rid front of the herd. Behind them, Joe riding alongside Grac Smokey and some Hands ride among the herd, keeping them m And riding behind the herd are Annie and Tom...
148) 2) dialog: (slaps his shoulder)
148) 3) text: You! Hank begins to play and sing a painfully pretty song. His sweet voice is stark contrast to his gruff, strongman  appearance. Frank offers his hand to Diane, she slaps it and laughs, he helps her up and they start to dance. As  everyone watches... Joe stands and offers his hand to Grace;
148) 9) text: You know, you're a good kid. Joe smiles and helps her up. They come together and start dancing. Annie is watching, holding her breath with gratitude. Tom notices Annie off by herself and crosses to her. He  extends his hand. She hesitates, looks again to Grace wit Joe, then accepts... His hand slide to her back. Her hand to his shoulder. The dance. Their bodies closer than they've ever been. Slowly she leans her head against his body. And surrenders, for moment... Diane sees them. She holds her husband fast, and buries h head on his neck.
150) 0) text: The cows stands in the pasture, grazing. Annie and Diane cleaning some pots and pans in the stream.
150) 1) dialog: Must be nice for you to take a few  days off from your work, huh?
150) 3) dialog: They fired you?
150) 6) dialog: You don't seem to upset?
150) 8) dialog: Guess you don't have to figure it out  until you go home. This phrase "go home" stings Annie -- though Diane said i innocently.
150) 10) dialog: I fell in love. After that, I never  thought about being anything but a  rancher's wife. I never saw it like I  was losing some other life, just felt  like I was gaining one. I know that's  not a popular opinion nowadays and I  ain't saying it's the right one. We  all have to find the life meant for us.
150) 12) dialog: They don't come better. But I don't  deny there are times I wonder about  things I won't have. Maybe one day I'll  get to see Egypt. Maybe not. But I know  if you try too many different lives,  you can wind up with no life at all...
150) 14) dialog: Yes, it does. Annie and Diane resume washing the dishes in silence. Ann deep in thought. Until Diane stops. After a beat, Annie  notices.
150) 16) dialog: Annie, I'm not good at this kind of talk  -- goes round and round a thing but  never comes to it -- so let's just say  what it is. When you first came here,  I didn't like you and I was worried. Tom  means a lot to me and this family. Don't  go looking here for whatever you looking  for. Don't make that man go through  something it took him a long time to see  his way clear out of the first time.
150) 18) dialog: He's a good man, Tom is. He's got a  gift, come from heaven above, I swear.  But he's still a man. And a woman can  lead a man into the middle of a mountain  lake -- and still make him think he's on  dry land. Diane's words ring in Annie's head.
153) 0) text: Everyone is being introduced to Robert, as Grace hugs him from the side, never letting go of him. Frank, Diane -- w introduce their kids, then Tom and Robert shake hands...
156) 0) text: Diane is busy in the kitchen when Annie enters.
156) 2) dialog: Well, I am going to go after lunch.
160) 0) text: Everyone is outside enjoying the night after a long day. Diane and Annie are on the porch. Diane is showing Annie she does her needlepoint. Annie is genuinely interested. Tom and Frank and Robert are sitting out front. Grace is Robert's feet. Joe sits on the ground in front of his fat opposite Grace.
160) 6) dialog: She sure loves her daddy, huh? Annie smiles and looks herself. Yes, she does, she thinks can't I? Back to the others. Everyone is very interested in Robert stories... especially Tom.
160) 10) dialog: I think I'm going to have my hands  full with the son of mine when you  leave. Just might be his first  broken heart.
162) 0) text: Cars and pick-up trucks haphazardly parked along a dirt  road... Smoking open grill barbecues. Ranchers and famili move about the ranch, sit and eat at picnic tables with  gingham tablecloths... Some teenagers hanging around the  corral, talking. Diane and some other women, eating and  talking... Frank with a group of men, drinking beer, tell stories. A BAND has been set up by the barn. People are dancing un the harvest moon. Grace is dancing with Joe... Tom is dan with a local woman... Annie with a rancher... Everyone is having a good time... Robert is enjoying a smoke with some men. He looks over t the dance floor and smiles when he sees Grace and Joe. Joe and the Rancher trade place... Joe dances with Annie, Rancher with Grace... But Tom sees his chance and switche with the Rancher so that he can dance with Grace... She i thrilled and he guides her effortlessly across the floor. Joe and Annie are interrupted by another couple. Joe swit partners, but Annie smiles and excuses herself -- she wan rest. Robert continues talking with some of the men. He puts ou his smoke and looks over to the dance floor. He sees Grac dancing with Tom... His eyes search for Annie. He moves a from the men until he sees, from a distance; Annie, sitting by herself, amidst the crowd... No one wou notice her unless they were looking for her... But Robert -- and what he sees is Annie looking at Grace and Tom... only looking at Tom... Smiling to herself gently... Watch his every move. Suddenly, she rises and exits out of the to get some air.
166) 0) text: Diane is once more sitting at the kitchen table, looking some bills before bed. Her tape player is on softly. Tom  enters and crosses to the sink to get a glass of water. Diane looks up, seeing Tom with his back to her -- standi the sink, filling his glass -- staring out the window ove sink. She looks to the dish of brownies on the table.
166) 1) dialog: I have some brownies left over. Want  one?
166) 3) text: No thanks. Diane senses an uneasiness in Tom. She looks as he drinks water. MEDIUM CLOSE-UP ON TOM'S BACK, as if from Diane's POV. But when we pull back we find ourselves;
168) 0) text: There's a stillness. A sense of import. Annie, Robert, Fr Diane, Joe and Smokey, are all at various spots along the Grace stands inside the ring. Tom is standing beside Pilg in the middle of the ring. Pilgrim is bridled and saddled Tom adjusts he stirrup. He walks over to Grace...
172) 0) text: Frank's car is parked up for the trip to the airport that will take the Bookers to Branton, Missouri for Diane's  cousin's wedding... Grace, Annie and Robert are outside saying goodbye to the Bookers; Diane, the Twins... and Joe... Joe awkwardly sha her hand... then removes his hat and puts it on her head. Everyone laughs. They want to hug each other, but don't k if they would... Frank and Tom are packing the car...
172) 1) dialog: Oh Frank, don't forget the wedding  present -- it's behind the door in  the laundry room. (to Robert and Annie)
172) 4) dialog: (whispers)
172) 8) dialog: Ah... Diane turns to Annie. Robert instinctively steps away, sa goodbye to Joe and the boys... The two women look at each other with respect and concern.
172) 9) dialog: Now, are you sure you want to drive  that horse back yourself? There are  plenty of people 'round here who do  that sort of thing.
172) 11) text: Between you and me, I could use the  time alone. Diane understands.
172) 12) dialog: And you'll be all right by yourself  here, (referring to Robert and Grace)
172) 15) dialog: (double meaning)
172) 18) dialog: Good luck to you, Annie.
172) 20) dialog: All right, everybody in. Frank, we  all set... Camera wides as we hear the voices of departure... see th MacLeans waving... See Tom off by himself, waving... but  thinking of something else...