32) 0) text: A younger Annie stands in a bathrobe, noticeably pregnant cooking at a stove -- reading instructions from a propped cookbook. FRANK SINATRA IS BLASTING as she sings along, i full voice, without inhibitions;
32) 11) text: Sing it to me, Frankie!
82) 0) text: Men are working in the corral, saddle horses standing nea trying to get a sick calf to suckle a cow. One of the men Tom Booker, working along side his brother FRANK, and his nephew, JOE. Frank is a good man -- solid work ethic,  Christian fearing, wry sense of humor. With the build of football player, his strength never overwhelms his boyish good-natured heart. Joe is eleven, wearing his cowboy hat like a badge of honor. The three men seem as inseparable each other, as they are to the land. As they work:
82) 2) dialog: Sure. As long as she don't mind.
82) 5) dialog: That's what some folks say.
82) 13) dialog: You know her? Annie, out of her element, hiding behind sunglasses, gets as Tom approaches her by himself. Annie girds herself for confrontation.
85) 0) text: Frank, Tom, Joe and TOM TWIN BOYS, 6 years old, sit at a table eating dinner, as Diane serves. We parachute into t middle of the conversation:
85) 3) text: Frank, don't you think she's got a nerve?
85) 4) dialog: Oh hell, I don't know... According to Tom,  she's a pretty determined woman. Must've  thought it was worth it.
85) 9) dialog: Mixed salad.
85) 11) dialog: (slyly)
85) 12) text: I believe women from New York eat mixed  salads. Ain't that right, Tom? Tom hides a grin -- he knows Frank into teasing her now.
85) 16) dialog: Weekend after next...
85) 20) text: We're not sure, sweetheart, but they  eat like rabbits. Tom and Frank chuckle. Diane smiles -- in on the joke wit them. The children are curiously confused.
88) 0) text: Camera follows Tom towards his bedroom --  passing the ot Perhaps we see Frank sprawled out asleep already in his  underwear. We might see the Twins in their bunks. One of Twins' lower torso is laying outside of the blanket. He  casually flips the blanket over the kid's bare feet and  continues to his room.
90) 0) text: First light of day. Pilgrim stands stock still in the mid of the corral. Tom, motionless, is crouched on his haunch in the corral -- watching him. TOM'S POV: As Pilgrim moves, he can see that the horse is stove up. He softly tosses a handful of dirt at Pilgrim's withered  legs... Pilgrim, sensitive to the slightest provocation,  bucks, wheeling away from him. Then stops. Tom sits on hi haunches again... and watches him. Frank appears, exiting from the barn (perhaps).
90) 1) dialog: Tom?
94) 0) text: Tom, off in the distance -- against a sky that seems to b touching the land -- is riding along a creek. Closer up, see he's rustling the bushes with a stick. Some stray cow run out of the bushes. Tom races after them. His horse  shepherds the cow across the creek and up a hillside. At the top of the hill, with the ranch spread out endless before him, Tom sees Frank on his horse, chasing strays. whistles. Frank waves back. In the near distance, a picku truck is parked on the range. Joe and the TWINS are throwing food pellets out of the ba of the truck. Cattle come from across the range for the f What begins as a handful of cows becomes dozens, then  hundreds -- the truck virtually disappearing among them. Tom stops for a moment to look out at his ranch. Far off the distance, he sees Annie's Suburban coming along the r to the ranch. He watches as Annie's distant figure gets o of the car with Grace. Annie instinctively turns and look across the land. Even though there is such a distance,  there's a sense Tom and Annie are looking at each other. Tom senses Joe driving Frank's truck, slowly moving off t range -- the Twins in the back, the cattle following. Tom on his horse atop the hill.
97) 0) text: Afternoon shadows cross the ranch. Tom is in the exact sa spot and position. Pilgrim is somewhat closer -- but stil a distance -- watching him. Frank rides back from work. As he passes Tom, the two nod if nothing usually is going on. Frank rides up to the bar
100) 2) dialog: Dear Lord, we are humbly thankful  for... Annie and Grace freeze as Frank continues his prayer -- t notice everyone's head bowed slightly.
100) 3) dialog: (continues)
100) 6) dialog: Bank out us a couple more men to run  the cattle.
100) 9) dialog: Tell her they suit the weather better.  Their udders are black, 'stead of pink.
100) 11) dialog: Our daddy raised Pure Herefords. Silence... Eating... Annie tries her hand at conversation
100) 15) dialog: Well, get born a bull, got a ninety  percent chance of getting castrated and  served up as hamburger. On a balance I  reckon I'd choose being a cow. (to Grace)
100) 20) dialog: (innocently)
100) 22) dialog: Nobody's using it. Silly for her to be  driving back and forth when she don't  know her way around that well...
100) 24) dialog: Well, I know Peterson's. Old place is as  good as falling down around your ears.
100) 26) text: They're already all settled in, Frank.  Anyway, I'm sure Annie wants her privacy.
100) 27) dialog: It's got doors, Diane. Private as can be.  Tom?
106) 0) text: The air smells of scorched flesh. There is nothing but NO Calves, separated from their mothers, "cry." They are mov out through a series of connected pens into a narrow chut and then one by one into a holding pen. They're clamped a lowered sideways onto a table and given a shot, a yellow  insect tag in one ear, branded, then sent back to their  mother's. The bulls, in a pen by themselves, stand haught paying no attention. Frank helps "doctor" the calves. Joe brands. Annie and Grace are standing by the railing, watching wit mixture of fascination and disgust. Tom moves in the feeder pen, waist deep in calves, moving through the chute. He looks to Annie.
107) 0) text: The ranch is colored in amber light. Near the house, two long tables pushed together to make o long one... A gentle breeze ruffles the tablecloth. Every is seated for a meal. We hear laughter and conversation.. parachute into the middle of the moments; -- Hank helping with his wife get to their three children sit still for dinner... -- Diane organizing the women and their various plates of dishes... -- The Ranch Hand piling up their plates and kidding each other... -- Joe is instructing Grace on the various sauces for the ribs. The Twins are making fun of him behind his back. -- Tom and Smokey are barbecuing, the last one to sit. -- Frank assists his frail mother, ELLEN BOOKER, at the t filling her plate with all the things she can't reach for
107) 12) dialog: We used to call Diane's mother  Medicine Woman. None of us never went  to the doctor when she was alive. Annie and Grace listen in...
107) 14) dialog: Not much would have helped him.
107) 21) dialog: Huh, Joe here has something to say. Joe stands, somewhat formally, with his hat on.
107) 25) dialog: Now son, you tell 'em when it came  from.
107) 29) dialog: And next time, Miss Annie, you can run  down the calves...
108) 6) text: Frank and Tom's mother and father...  there's little Frank and Tom...
108) 13) text: Tom and Frank, on either side to Ellen, are escorting her a car that will drive her home.
133) 0) text: We parachute into the middle of the meal. The spaghetti i hit... We cut to different conversations and reactions ar the table. Frank is in the middle of saying;
133) 1) dialog: It'd be a whole lot easier to pay  the feed end of the month...
133) 5) dialog: We have a business manager. The best  around.
133) 12) dialog: I'll have another round of that  spaghetti if may?
133) 16) dialog: Thank you. Finally, Diane saves it.
133) 26) text: No reason you should, no reason you  should. They exit into the kitchen. Frank continues eating. Tom looks around -- Grace showing the boys the computer. and Diane in the kitchen. For a second, we see Tom realiz image of the life he once thought he could.
134) 33) dialog: Dinner was delicious. Thank you. (to Twins)
134) 34) text: Say thank you!! Diane and Frank usher the kids out. Tom holds onto Joe un they're gone, then lets him go.
138) 0) text: Annie and Grace are standing by the arena fence. Frank, J and the Twins are sitting on the fence rail. Joe is holdi saddle and a bridle, standing in some shadows in an empty arena. Pilgrim comes running into the ring. Out of habit, starts circling the ring. He sees Tom holding a saddle.  Pilgrim walks towards him. Curious, he stops, looking at Tom puts the saddle down, sitting crossways on it. Pilgri walks towards him again. He stops, looking at Tom again. just sits there, playing with the bridle. Pilgrim walks  around him. Tom doesn't show him any interest. Pilgrim co closer. He looks at the saddle. He runs off. He stops,  looking back. Tom just sits. Pilgrim walks back over. Tom stands and shows him the bridle. Pilgrim comes closer,  sniffing it. He rubs his nose against the leather. Tom pa his head. Then, in one quick, but deft motion, he puts th bridle on him. Pilgrim tosses his head, but it doesn't se to bother him. Grace and Annie watch intently. Tom takes reins, walking Pilgrim around the ring. He walks him to t saddle. Pilgrim paws at it with his hoof. He turns and ru off. Tom lets him go. Pilgrim runs around the ring, slows down, looks over at Tom. Tom picks up the saddle. Pilgrim cautiously, comes back over. Tom, with the saddle, walks from him. Pilgrim, again curious, follows him. He nudges Tom stops. Pilgrim comes around to take a good look at th saddle. Tom rubs his back. And gently, like laying down a sheet, puts the saddle on his back. Pilgrim shuffles slig at the touch. Tom quickly cinches it. Taking up the reins walks Pilgrim around the ring again. He starts to jog.  Pilgrim jogs with him. And in the middle of the jog, Tom  grabs onto the saddle horn, and without breaking his stri pulls himself back up onto his back. He lays across the  saddle, letting Pilgrim feel his weight. He sits up, and  without letting him break his stride, he urges Pilgrim wi his thighs, keeping him in the jog, riding around the rin Grace and Annie cheer. Tom tips his hat to them...
147) 0) text: Frank and Diane, with the Twins, dogs at their heels, rid front of the herd. Behind them, Joe riding alongside Grac Smokey and some Hands ride among the herd, keeping them m And riding behind the herd are Annie and Tom...
148) 0) text: The cattle stands in silhouette. We hear singing. Everyone is sitting around a campfire. Frank's playing th guitar, singing along with Tom. They laugh when a lyric o note goes wrong. Everyone is enjoying it. Annie, her arms around her knees, sits off by herself. Th song ends and people applaud. Frank hands the guitar to Hank;
148) 1) dialog: Play that sweet one you know. The one  makes my wife here so friendly.
148) 3) text: You! Hank begins to play and sing a painfully pretty song. His sweet voice is stark contrast to his gruff, strongman  appearance. Frank offers his hand to Diane, she slaps it and laughs, he helps her up and they start to dance. As  everyone watches... Joe stands and offers his hand to Grace;
153) 0) text: Everyone is being introduced to Robert, as Grace hugs him from the side, never letting go of him. Frank, Diane -- w introduce their kids, then Tom and Robert shake hands...
159) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the table, eating, talking, lau Grace is right by her father's side. Frank's in the middl telling Robert:
159) 1) dialog: We thought we lost him in the snow  storm... Told the kids. Had a funeral  for the damn thing. Finally, snow  stops. Staring to warm up. I go out  and start cleaning the truck...  Goddamn if that dog doesn't jump out  from the back seat covered in snow...  I nearly stained myself.
160) 0) text: Everyone is outside enjoying the night after a long day. Diane and Annie are on the porch. Diane is showing Annie she does her needlepoint. Annie is genuinely interested. Tom and Frank and Robert are sitting out front. Grace is Robert's feet. Joe sits on the ground in front of his fat opposite Grace.
160) 3) dialog: What were you doing over in India?
160) 5) dialog: That right? Back on Diane and Annie, who hear the laughter O.S. and l Diane smiles, seeing how much Grace is enjoying her dad.
162) 0) text: Cars and pick-up trucks haphazardly parked along a dirt  road... Smoking open grill barbecues. Ranchers and famili move about the ranch, sit and eat at picnic tables with  gingham tablecloths... Some teenagers hanging around the  corral, talking. Diane and some other women, eating and  talking... Frank with a group of men, drinking beer, tell stories. A BAND has been set up by the barn. People are dancing un the harvest moon. Grace is dancing with Joe... Tom is dan with a local woman... Annie with a rancher... Everyone is having a good time... Robert is enjoying a smoke with some men. He looks over t the dance floor and smiles when he sees Grace and Joe. Joe and the Rancher trade place... Joe dances with Annie, Rancher with Grace... But Tom sees his chance and switche with the Rancher so that he can dance with Grace... She i thrilled and he guides her effortlessly across the floor. Joe and Annie are interrupted by another couple. Joe swit partners, but Annie smiles and excuses herself -- she wan rest. Robert continues talking with some of the men. He puts ou his smoke and looks over to the dance floor. He sees Grac dancing with Tom... His eyes search for Annie. He moves a from the men until he sees, from a distance; Annie, sitting by herself, amidst the crowd... No one wou notice her unless they were looking for her... But Robert -- and what he sees is Annie looking at Grace and Tom... only looking at Tom... Smiling to herself gently... Watch his every move. Suddenly, she rises and exits out of the to get some air.
168) 6) dialog: He'll be okay, Grace. Just you hang  on there a minute or two. Tom'll get  him, okay, you'll see... Smokey jogs over to the gate, climbing it, and disappeari into the barn. Tom crosses to Grace.
168) 13) dialog: It'll be OK, Grace. But even Frank isn't so sure. Pilgrim, covered in sweat,  still circles. As he runs, his hobbled foot jabs at the a trying to find peace. He runs and runs as Tom and Smokey on the ropes -- until he can't run any more and stops. To Smokey let the lines go slack. Pilgrim, stands there, his sides heaving, panting like an asthmatic, making loud ras sounds. Tom and Smokey speak. Smokey hands him his rope.  Turning, he gets a coiled lasso out of the sand. He swing the rope in a wide loop and makes it fall over Pilgrim's  saddle horn. He pulls it tight. And he takes the other en the rope to the far side of the fence and ties it in a qu release knot to the bottom rung. Coming back he takes the other two lines from Tom. Tom crosses to the rail. He sta putting pressure on the rope. Pilgrim feeing it, braces  himself. The pressure tilts the saddle hold downward.
168) 14) dialog: (to Grace and Annie)
168) 40) dialog: No. He had the choice.
168) 42) dialog: Either fight the way things are or  accept it. Robert, however, is hypnotized by the event. He is having private epiphany of sorts. Grace sits in the dirt by Pilgrim and strokes him quietly she begins talking to him, the way Tom does. Tom watches, he cautiously steps further away. Pilgrim looks up at Gra out of the dark pool of his one sad eye. They look at eac other. And we understand there's a connection once more. moment of understanding... and forgiveness. Grace starts to untie his ropes. Smokey is about to stop but Tom shakes "NO"... Pilgrim, like an infant coming out of the water, breathin life for the first time, gets to his feet. Grace and him to each other. And all is still. Grace grabs the saddle horn. Pilgrim shuffles as if he's  going to bolt. Grace quietly reassures him... She then  carefully puts her prosthetic leg in the stirrup. Pilgrim shifts slightly. Annie covers her mouth so as not to scre out her fear. Robert breaths heavily. They watch as Grace swings her leg, determined, and pulls herself into the  saddle. Sitting on his back, Pilgrim tosses his head and  looks as he's going to run off. But Grace puts her arms  around his neck, and once again, quietly reassures him. She starts to ride him, slowly, her arms around his neck, talking all the while, around the ring. Annie laughs as she cries -- emotion overwhelming her. Ro feels almost numb with fascination, gratitude, confusion. The slow ride turns into a trot... then a lope... then a  canter... round and round the ring. Frank and Diane smile Diane looks to Tom and knows what he's feeling... Tom watches as any father would -- his heart pounding wit pride for the miracle of his child. But he doesn't let on a second. Grace brings Pilgrim to a stop, lifts her arms to the  heavens, victorious. Everyone cheers. Smokey helps her of the horse. She stops to look at Tom, who busies himself w picking up the ropes... So she re-focuses on her parents. run to each other and embrace... First, she and Annie... she and her father... But, as Robert and Grace hold each other and begins to ex Annie manages to make eye contact with Tom... and tell hi with one look, how grateful she is... and how much she lo him. And he receives it...
172) 0) text: Frank's car is parked up for the trip to the airport that will take the Bookers to Branton, Missouri for Diane's  cousin's wedding... Grace, Annie and Robert are outside saying goodbye to the Bookers; Diane, the Twins... and Joe... Joe awkwardly sha her hand... then removes his hat and puts it on her head. Everyone laughs. They want to hug each other, but don't k if they would... Frank and Tom are packing the car...
172) 3) dialog: Diane!
172) 5) text: Frank's touchy about his cousins. (they laugh)