3) 0) text: Whiteness. Snow and sky without any discernible line betw Camera is POV, as if on the horse, riding through the  whiteness. Snow kicks up from the side. We hear the breat of the horse. As we travel on hills, through trees, we  experience of sense of wild, exhilarating freedom. We hear the giggles of a GIRL (GRACE) on the horse. An  occasional line;
3) 1) dialog: Yeah, fly boy... that's it... go...  go... go... END OF DREAM as we CUT TO:
4) 0) text: Grace awakens, calmly. Takes a breath. Slides out of bed stands before a window, overlooking a beautiful Connectic country house. We see a snow-covered field and distant wo Grace presses her faces against the cold, frosted window  eager to get out.
6) 0) text: Grace, fully dressed except for her boots, tiptoes past a partially opened bedroom door. Her father ROBERT is aslee alone, on his huge king size bed.
7) 0) text: Grace is putting on her boots on a bench beside a back do She is wearing her mother's outfit. As she slides the boo on, we see behind her a row of framed photos -- Robert, G and Annie in happy times. She slaps a note on the refrigerator, with a magnet -- "G riding. Back around 10. Love, G."
8) 0) text: Grace slips on her jacket and hat as she comes down the  steps, her feet hitting the walk...
11) 0) text: The snow has stopped falling. Grace walks along a hill, h in pocket. Spread out on the landscape are horses, on a h farm, standing like statues in the white covered fields. As Grace comes along the hill, we see another GIRL (JUDIT coming from the opposite direction. She doesn't have Grac lean elegance but her warm, friendly smile brightens her  face. Upon reaching her, Grace returns the smile with a h
11) 2) dialog: You want to go to a movie tonight?
11) 4) dialog: (prickly)
11) 7) dialog: Can I come? I'll start a fire... Judith laughs as they continue talking, their voices trai off, as the girls head for the stables.
12) 0) text: There are several horses in their stalls. Grace and Judit enter, talking, carrying their English saddles. Judith st at a stall, disappearing into it as she says "Hello?"..., Grace continues to the end stall. Pilgrim (the horse from the dream) stands looking at her.
12) 1) dialog: Hello, beautiful boy. He's a massive figure beside her but she shows no inhibit She enters, touching his muzzle. He plays with her by nud her back.
12) 2) dialog: Stop... Will you stop!
13) 1) dialog: Show-off. The girls mount the horses and ride off together.
14) 0) text: Annie, casually dressed, enters the empty offices of her  magazine. She turns on the light, revealing a large row o stalls and glassed in private offices. Everywhere we look see indications of the kind of magazine she edits. She strolls to her office -- the largest -- surrounded by windows. The office walls are covered with photos, most o which are COVER STORIES ON ANNIE. (One photo is of Annie's father MARTIN. A BRITISH AMBASSA with his young daughter on his lap, her arms affectionate around his neck. Her mother stands right behind them, pos like a member of the royal family.) Annie sits and takes a breath. The only photo on her desk a family portrait, taken when Annie was given the Crystal Award -- Robert, Grace, herself and the Award. She checks watch -- it is almost 9:30.
16) 0) text: Long Shot of the girls riding at an easy pacing, talking the time. Grace is an elegant rider, quite self-assured f 13-year-old... We come into the scene at the moment the  girls have just shared a secret or a fantasy. Judith is  giggling uncontrollably. Grace laughs as she says:
16) 1) dialog: ...Oh, come on! You think the same thing!
16) 3) dialog: Do you want to go around by the  old road?
17) 1) dialog: You want to go down or stay along  the river?
19) 3) dialog: (singing)
19) 7) dialog: (stops singing)
19) 11) dialog: 
19) 15) dialog: 
19) 17) dialog: (frightened)
19) 20) text: I'm okay... I'm okay. She tries to extricate her leg from the stirrup. Grace sees it before she hears it. A GLINT off of steel. then hear the rumbling SOUND of a TRUCK coming around the bend... The Girls on their horses in the middle of the ro The Truck, an 18 wheeler carrying logging equipment, come around the turn... Grace grabs the bridle, trying to get  Judith's horse out of the road... The driver, seeing them on the air horn. The Horses bolt at the sound, the bridle slipping out of Grace's hand...
19) 21) dialog: 
20) 0) text: ANGLE ON GRACE'S NOTE on the refrigerator as Robert enter from the outside with two bags of groceries. He places th the counter near the PHONE MACHINE. He sees ONE MESSAGE i there. He presses PLAY as he puts away the groceries. A BEAT LATER the PHONE RINGS and he picks up, with the ma still playing...
25) 0) text: Camera moves from Grace's face down her body to Robert's  hand, which rubs her good leg. He looks at her lovingly,  pushing the hair from her forehead. Annie, needing to do something, tenderly straightens Grac blankets. It is plain to see where her leg had once been. Robert can't look. Annie, one to face her fears, bravely  looks at it head on. She notices the I.V. Bag and rises o
26) 32) text: I can't deal with this now, Liz! If you  need a yes or no right now, then no --  don't do it! Not until I know Grace is  all right. Now, please! Just do what you  can. Okay? (softer)
28) 0) text: Annie opens the door and enters, flicking on the light.  Camera is on her back, as she places a small suitcase on bed and opens it. She begins her task with cool efficienc Opening drawers and closets, assessing what should be tak what isn't necessary. Suddenly, she stops. She feels disoriented for a moment. can't remember the last time she was inside this room. Sh takes a moment to pause and actually look around. In the light, we now see more of Grace's inner sanctum. H riding prize ribbons in various colors adorn the walls.  Books. A girl's bureau cluttered with teenage possession  ranging from childhood toys to items that suggest a reach towards adulthood. Annie examines some items, affectionat A GOOD LUCK CHARM from India sits among her things. Annie takes it to pack in the suitcase. She notices a framed 8X10 of Grace sitting proudly atop  Pilgrim with Judith at her heel. She then notices the edg another picture behind this one, in the frame. She pulls Pilgrim photo out to reveal: An old 8X10 of Annie hugging Grace as a toddler. With her back to Camera, Annie rememb
29) 0) text: Annie is playing with toddler Grace. Chasing her around t room. Picking her and tossing her onto a small, toddler b Blowing into her stomach. Grace is laughing uncontrollabl
30) 0) text: Annie enters. No one else is there. She places the suitca on a chair and opens it. She takes out the INDIAN LUCKY C and some horse books, and places them on her bedside tabl She takes care to prop up the Lucky Charm. She wets a cloth with some water from a pitcher and gentl wipes Grace's sweaty brow... INSERT VISUAL FLASHBACK HERE instead of in Country House. Annie then continues unpacking the suitcase. She opens  Grace's closet and sees a hospital bag filled with Grace' clothes at the time of the accident. Annie examines them discovers they are hers. Annie shoves the clothes into a and starts unpacking.
31) 3) text: But I... I was so relieved that Grace  was still... that it wasn't our daughter.
34) 0) text: The room's lights are dimmed. Dawn is being to break thro Grace, slowly, opens her eyes coming out of sedation. She takes a moment to figure out where she is... to remember. She uses her hands to hoist herself up, but she's unstead and knocks into her bedside table -- knocking the Good Lu Charm from India off the table. It rolls under the bed, w a water tumbler. Grace never sees the Charm. Grace looks where her leg once was. She feels the blanket the empty space where her leg once was... just like her m did (did her father couldn't). Instead of self-pity, she' oddly fascinated.
35) 0) text: Daylight pours in. Robert and Annie enter. Robert, loaded with gifts, immediately crosses to Grace, on the side of good leg. Annie takes her position beside the lost leg.  Robert kisses his daughter;
35) 2) dialog: Have you heard from Judith's parents?
35) 4) dialog: How's Pilgrim doing?
35) 7) dialog: I can't even get out of bed yet! You're  already putting me in therapy!! Annie, slightly hurt, drops it as Robert takes over:
36) 0) text: A limousine drives up as the Doorman gets the car door. T weather is slightly warmer. People's clothing looks as if spring is coming nearer. Annie exits first, carrying a jacket for Grace. She is  followed by Robert, who immediately turns to help Grace. hear her O.S.
36) 1) dialog: Dad! I can do it, OK?!
36) 4) dialog: You all go ahead. I'll be up by  Christmas.
37) 0) text: The three sit at a dinner table, eating dinner. Grace pic at her food. Robert can't help staring at her. Annie eats watching them both.
37) 2) dialog: No, I'm just not that hungry.
37) 4) dialog: I don't want to lie down. I've been  lying down enough.
37) 6) dialog: (edgy)
37) 8) dialog: I got it! I got it! She exits into her room. Annie looks at him disapprovingl
39) 0) text: Grace stands by her door and can hear her parents muffled tense voices. Annie is angry at his complacency. Robert j wants what's best for Grace. She closes the door. Silence She puts her crutches against the wall and tries to walk  towards her bureau without them. It is a struggle, but sh does... almost falling, but grabbing the bureau just in t The 8X10 of her and Pilgrim, falls face down. She props i and looks at it -- focusing on her horse, then on Judith. Suddenly, she lashes out, knocking the photograph onto th floor...
39) 2) dialog: (angrily shouts)
40) 0) text: Annie pulls up in a Range Rover and stops. Grace moves fo the door. Annie asks respectfully;
40) 3) dialog: Okay. Grace looks up to her mother. What is unspoken between th is the understanding that today will be difficult and the nothing either one can do about it.
41) 0) text: Grace makes her way through the hall. It is the first tim she has had to maneuver through a crowd. Some of the youn children are especially unconscious. Grace sweats her way through, trying to maintain her balance and her sanity. As Grace slowly moves along, whatever small faith she had that she could get through this day, begins to diminish.
43) 0) text: Annie is crossing an empty school yard. Grace is sitting the ground, her back against a wall, her "legs" in front her. She has been crying. She looks up to her mother.
43) 1) dialog: It's too hard. Annie kneels before her sympathetically brushing her hair
43) 3) dialog: Doesn't matter. I... I don't want to  come back, that's all.
43) 6) dialog: (snaps)
43) 9) dialog: Is that your version of a pep talk?
43) 11) dialog: (snotty)
43) 14) dialog: Gym!
44) 0) text: Annie is at her desk studying Grace's book on Horse Whisp Robert is on his bed with briefs laid out before him.
45) 0) text: The door is closed. A SONG blares on her stereo. Grace is her bed watching a video of her and Pilgrim... riding at horse show. There's a shot of Annie standing proudly,  watching her ride. Another shot of her and Judith, both o them on their horses, waving to camera.
46) 0) text: Grace enters.
46) 1) dialog: Dad? Both Robert and Annie look up.
46) 3) dialog: (beat)
47) 4) dialog: I'm fine.
47) 7) dialog: Why is he in the back? Why isn't he in  the barn with the other horses? Liz stops, causing everyone to stop. She turns to face Gr realizing she doesn't know. She looks at Robert and Annie accusingly. She tries to explain:
47) 10) dialog: I really want to see him. Liz looks at Annie. Annie nods. Liz leads them on. They reach a row of empty old stalls. They cross to one o the stalls -- its doors are closed. Liz draws back the bo on top half of the door. There is an immediate explosion of sound inside the stall the sound of fear, startling them. Then it's still. Liz  slowly opens the door. Grace, with the aide of her cane,  walks to the stall. She hesitates, then looks in. It take moment for her eyes to grow accustomed to the dark. She s Pilgrim with his head down in the shadows...
47) 11) dialog: Hello, beautiful boy... He lifts his head at the sound of her voice. Grace, and t audience, see him for the first time -- His mad eyes, his terrible disfigurement... Grace cries out, stepping backwards, nearly stumbling in mud... What is left of her horse are gone. Annie realizes what's happened and, together with Robert, rush to her... too see the monster Pilgrim has become and are horrified. Grace angrily pushes away from them and "runs" off. Rober goes after her. Annie is standing in the rain with Liz -- her eyes unable move away from the sight of Pilgrim.
51) 0) text: Grace sits alone in her darkened room, staring out the wi but not looking at anything. There's a discomforting dist in her expression.
58) 0) text: Annie reaches for Grace's bedroom door, then pauses. She  realizes she should knock. She does and whispers:
58) 2) text: Grace, it's mom. Annie slowly opens the door. She finds Grace's bed empty. looks over to the window to find Grace sitting in a chair the dark, looking out the window.
58) 4) dialog: I can't find that charm Daddy gave me  from India.
58) 6) dialog: No, you didn't.
58) 8) dialog: (apathetic)
58) 11) dialog: What about him?
58) 13) dialog: I think we should. It's not fair to let  him suffer. He's not much use anymore.  He'd hate living like that.
58) 15) dialog: Mom?
58) 17) dialog: Maybe they should put me down too.
58) 19) dialog: I mean, I'm not much use anymore. Why  can't they be compassionate to me? What frightens Annie most is the calm and apathy in Grace voice. She's surrendering... Annie, for the first time in long time, feels she's losing control.
59) 46) text: I don't care what the doctors say. The  truth is, they don't know anymore than  we do -- less, when it comes to Grace...  This may not sound sensible or... logical,  but nobody's suggesting anything better.  I can't explain it, Robert. I just have  this feeling... this annoying... bloody  feeling that if... if, somehow, Pilgrim  can be made all right... then so can Grace.  I just know it! Robert can feel the strength of her will. He can find no around it.
59) 51) text: No, that's not what I said. I'm not a  dictator. If you feel you should come,  then come. Just do whatever you think  is right. At some moment, they realize Grace is standing at the ent to the kitchen. They are surprised.
59) 52) dialog: I'm not going! I don't care what she  says! Annie lowers her head. Robert stares at Grace as she walk him.
59) 53) dialog: Daddy?... I don't want to go. Grace stands next to Robert. He holds her hands. Annie lo at him, without sympathy. Robert looks back. In his face the total acceptance of what must be. As well as the sadn of it's inevitability. He looks back at his daughter, who eyes have never left him.
62) 0) text: Grace, in the back seat, wearing her headphones, listenin her music (maybe LIZ PHAIR OR HOLLY COLE). Detached. Non- committal. As trucks pass by, their time slapping the pav she reacts and turns to the other window. Annie, in sunglasses, shifts her attention between the ro and her rear-view mirror -- checking on Grace.
65) 0) text: A small furnished motel room with two twin beds. Grace sits up in bed watching TV, with no expression. A s with canned laughter serves as a hypnotic drug. Annie enters from the bathroom, after showering, drying h hair. Grace doesn't bother to look up.
65) 3) dialog: Fine -- I'll take my bath. She begins moving off the bed.
65) 5) dialog: -- enough time tomorrow. I know.
65) 7) dialog: (interrupts on "fine")
65) 8) text: I don't care. Annie realizes she may have pushed too hard, but she also realizes there's no talking to Grace now. So, she achieve her goal --
66) 0) text: The lights are off. Annie lays in bed, wide awake. It is middle of the night. Grace, asleep in the other bed, begins whimpering. She's  having a bad dream. Annie rises -- considering whether or to intercede... Finally, Grace begins to cry out... softl first, but with increasing intensity until she awakens in fear... Annie appears right by her side.
67) 0) text: The Suburban continues its journey. Once again -- Annie, in the front, and Grace, in the rear drive without a word between them.
68) 0) text: Grace and Annie occupy their same positions. Annie is on car phone with her office.
68) 9) dialog: (shrugs)
68) 12) dialog: Fine. Annoyed, Annie pulls onto the gravel and stops, talking t herself --
69) 0) text: Annie and Grace enter. They look around: Formica floors, truckers in caps and beer bellies stuffed into booths or at the counter. There is not a single spac available. Annie and Grace stand near the entrance. Another Trucker  enters and they step aside, huddled together in this fore land.
70) 0) text: Grace and Annie enter the room to find A DOUBLE BED inste of two twins. Neither comments. Annie exits O.S., carrying the bags inside, as she says:
70) 3) dialog: I already did. (Annie's surprised)
70) 6) dialog: I didn't know I had to.
72) 0) text: Annie is returning from her jog, sweating. As she crosses her motel room, she stops by the window, looking in to se Grace, on the floor, straining to do her exercises. Annie fills with compassion for her girl -- reminded of t struggle she faces everyday.
74) 0) text: Grace leans against the window in the back, in one of her darker moods. Annie switches radio stations, from Bible  thumping to Farm reports. She shuts it off. Silence. She sees a ROAD SIGH: "LITTLE BIGHORN NATIONAL MONUMENT".
74) 3) dialog: I don't care.
74) 5) text: I don't care. Annie's comic mimicking, throws Grace off center. Annie turns off onto the exit. They drive by a massive ca -- it's neon sign flickering. They drive up a hill past a two Indians in high crowned Cowboy hats standing outside the cafe. She drives up a hill towards the parking lot of Monument...
74) 7) dialog: You were never thirteen, Mom. Annie laughs, taking it as a joke. Grace almost smiles. But, Annie drives up to sign only to find a CLOSED SIGN. park was closed at six. Annie stops the car. She's hit a  brick wall once more. Silence. Finally, Grace speaks with usual sarcasm;
74) 8) dialog: Great idea. So now what? Beat. Annie's patience snaps;
74) 10) dialog: What?
74) 12) text: Is this it now? Is this the way we're  going to be from now on? Ignoring her, Grace edges to the passenger side and exits car. Annie gets out of the driver's side and walks around she speaks:
74) 14) dialog: What are you asking me for? You didn't  ask me if I wanted to come in the first  place -- now I get to decide? Forget it! She begins to turn away. Annie grabs her arm.
74) 16) dialog: Bullshit! It's about you! About you  deciding! About you always being  right! You always getting everything  your way, controlling everybody --  like we work for you or something!
74) 18) dialog: You just want to get away from Daddy  and you're using me to do it!
74) 20) dialog: You're amazing! You act like I don't  live in that house! Don't you think I  hear the two of you!? Don't you think  I can tell what's going on? I'm not  five years old, Mom! (Annie is stopped)
74) 23) dialog: He doesn't have to! It's, like, so  obvious you can't stand him.
74) 25) dialog: Then why do you want to leave?
74) 27) dialog: No, you just act like you do. Annie is choked with fury. She doesn't know whether to  scream, cry or strangle Grace. She turns away and begins  walking quickly, blindly, up past a grove of trees. She c to a CEMETERY enclosed by a black railing. At the crest o the hill there's a stone monument "The Little Bighorn  Cemetery." In the growing darkness, she sees, scattered on the hills below her, white tombstones. A place of sorrow. A cool br ruffles her coat and she sticks her hands in her pockets. Frustrated, alone, at a complete loss as to what to do, w action to take -- Annie, for the first time in frozen,  standing still -- and with her, comes a rush of emotion. She sits with her back against the monument and begins to weep. For Grace, for Robert, herself, for the tombstones, everyone. A FLASHLIGHT shines on her face. It is a PARK RANGER.
75) 0) text: Annie gets into the driver's seat. Buckles up. Grace hold back tears.
75) 3) dialog: Little. Annie reaches into the back seat and pulls a blanket out, handing it to Grace, making sure it covers her. Grace tur towards the window and closes her eyes. Annie starts the
77) 0) text: Annie and Grace, both in front seats, eating doughnuts an coffee. They stop. POV -- Through the windshield is an endless sky and a rol sea of land.
77) 1) dialog: Gee, this looks like a fun place.
77) 3) dialog: What would they say? "Ten miles to big  rock." "Twenty miles to bigger rock."
77) 5) dialog: I didn't see it. Their Suburban is the only vehicle on what seems like mil of road. Annie sighs and puts the Suburban in drive.
83) 0) text: Tom walks up some wooden steps to a door and knocks. He h a TV on inside. And Grace's Voice:
83) 1) dialog: MOM! The door! He hears Annie's muffled reply from O.S. He hears some ba as Grace fumbles for her crutch and comes to the door. Sh opens it only so far as to reveal her upper body:
83) 2) dialog: Yeah?
83) 4) dialog: She'll be right out. She's on the  phone. Grace hops back to the bed in front of the TV. Tom nods a puts his hat down -- noticing the prosthetic leaning agai the window, near her bed. He hears Annie on the phone and looks to the other room, the door ajar -- seeing only her legs, seated on the edge of her bed, as she talks. Her fo taps impatiently.
83) 7) dialog: Probably. She's on the phone twenty- three hours a day.
83) 9) dialog: She's an editor.
83) 11) dialog: Not like books or literature or anything.  Just a magazine... Just in case she  hasn't told you -- which I'm sure she  hasn't -- I don't want to be a part of  this, OK? Tom just sort of nods. A beat or two later, Annie enters.
84) 8) text: -- if you'll help. (Grace gives a bitter laugh)
84) 10) dialog: Isn't it like, obvious?
84) 14) dialog: Well, there's nothing else to do around  here. Annie smiles in relief. But Tom isn't satisfied.
84) 16) dialog: What do I have to do? Tom keeps walking out... Grace says it louder.
84) 17) dialog: I said, what do I have to do?! Tom stops and looks at her. Annie holds her breath.
91) 0) text: Annie and Grace arrive in the Suburban. They exit. As the head towards the ranch, they see in the distance: Pilgrim standing along the fence of a round pen. Tom stan in the pen, holding a rope, looking at Pilgrim.
92) 0) text: Tom stands in the pen with Pilgrim. He looks to see Annie Grace approaching but makes no acknowledgement. He turns focus back to Pilgrim. Annie and Grace appear. Grace takes a position (that is t become her regular spot) a distance away from the pen. An moves in closer, beside SMOKEY (a ranch hand) with one le up on the pen fence.
93) 0) text: Two hours later. Grace is in the same spot. Smokey is gon doing his work. Annie has taken a different position, loo over SEVERAL PAGES OF FAXES on her lap. Tom is still standing in the pen trying to get Pilgrim's Joe has joined the proceedings, sitting on the pen rail. Tom deftly throws a hoolihan, gently lassoing Pilgrim aro the neck. And Pilgrim, at the touch of the rope, crazed,  resists, pulling back, striking at the rope... The rope  cutting into Tom's hands. Tom gives him some slack, givin his head, letting him relax... then gently heads him by t rope, walking him around the pen, getting his feet to mov Grace's eyes never leave Tom.
94) 0) text: Tom, off in the distance -- against a sky that seems to b touching the land -- is riding along a creek. Closer up, see he's rustling the bushes with a stick. Some stray cow run out of the bushes. Tom races after them. His horse  shepherds the cow across the creek and up a hillside. At the top of the hill, with the ranch spread out endless before him, Tom sees Frank on his horse, chasing strays. whistles. Frank waves back. In the near distance, a picku truck is parked on the range. Joe and the TWINS are throwing food pellets out of the ba of the truck. Cattle come from across the range for the f What begins as a handful of cows becomes dozens, then  hundreds -- the truck virtually disappearing among them. Tom stops for a moment to look out at his ranch. Far off the distance, he sees Annie's Suburban coming along the r to the ranch. He watches as Annie's distant figure gets o of the car with Grace. Annie instinctively turns and look across the land. Even though there is such a distance,  there's a sense Tom and Annie are looking at each other. Tom senses Joe driving Frank's truck, slowly moving off t range -- the Twins in the back, the cattle following. Tom on his horse atop the hill.
95) 0) text: Pilgrim, his scarred head above water, legs moving in odd sycopation, swimming. We discover he is in a pond, tether to a pole... Except for the sound of his legs in the wate everything is quiet and focused on Pilgrim. SMOKEY, holds the pole, walking on the outside of the pon leading Pilgrim back and forth as he swims. Tom, crouched the pond, silently concentrating on Pilgrim... Grace watches, off by herself... Annie stands beside Joe. can't help but be intrigued by the sight. She asks Joe;
95) 12) dialog: What? Their eyes meet. Joe is so guileless, Grace is taken off when he asks in such a compassionate voice;
95) 14) dialog: Only when I kick somebody. Her gentle delivery makes him smile. She smiles, then:
95) 15) dialog: Don't you go to school?
98) 0) text: Grace is flicking the television -- repeating the only th channels over and over... Annie works at her computer, surrounded by work. She noti the time, gets a thought and dials the phone...
98) 4) text: Okay then. Thank you. She hangs up, pauses, then speaks to the window out loud for Grace to hear --
98) 6) dialog: (w/o looking at her)
99) 0) text: The sky is changing colors, the temperature has dropped. is still sitting in the grass, although someone has broug him a blanket for his shoulders. Pilgrim is in the pastur but now -- he too is motionless, looking back at Tom. The sound of a car makes Tom turn to see Annie driving up She gets out, stands by the car with a proprietary air,  watching Tom and Pilgrim. Grace remains in the car. There sound. She turns to see Diane coming out of the house...
100) 0) text: Everyone sits around the kitchen table. Joe, still wearin his hat, eyes Annie and Grace with acute curiosity.
100) 21) text: You know, Tom, while you're working on  that horse of theirs, Annie and Grace  should move into the old Creek house. Diane and Tom react accordingly; Diane hiding her annoyan Tom hiding his surprise and pleasure.
101) 0) text: Grace is on the phone with Robert. Annie is packing thing up. Grace is telling him about the day;
101) 1) dialog: (listens)
101) 3) dialog: We'll have more room because we're  moving onto the ranch. They have this  empty house near this creek. It's  actually pretty... OK... I love you. (to Annie)
102) 16) dialog: Did you ask him to come visit?
102) 18) dialog: Did he mention it?
102) 20) text: Yeah, he's going to think about it.  You want me to pack for you? Grace looks at her disapprovingly as she passes to go to bathroom. Annie registers this.
103) 0) text: Diane is washing windows while listening to an audio book her tape player. Through the windows, she sees: Joe and the Twins helping Annie and Grace move into the C House. Diane has conflicting feelings about this. She continues work.
104) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of ANNIE CONNECTING HERSELF BACK TO THE RES THE WORLD, BY PLUGGING IN HER COMPUTER, FAX, ETC... Grace is in the other room, as she was in the motel. Alon With no television, she is just listening to her music la on the couch. The two women remain separate no matter whe they are. But we see a small difference. Grace rises and walks to t window. She looks out; POV: She sees people working about the ranch. Maybe Joe i among them -- riding his horse as he works. Or maybe it's just a vision of people with tasks to complete -- who do with pride, discipline and clarity. Grace looks out the window longingly.
105) 0) text: A cloud of dust. A dozen or so horses are running in an a by the stables. Tom is riding among them, holding a long with an orange flag at the end of it, waving it at the yo horses, making them run away from him. The colts stay clo together. One of the horses, PILGRIM, stays at a distance to himself. Grace watches from along the railing. She alternates her  attention from the horses... to Tom.
105) 3) text: ...When they've got a problem, like  they have now with me and this flag,  they look to each other. But old  Pilgrim there has forgotten. I'm the  rock and they're the hard place. He  thinks he hasn't got a friend in the  whole wild world... C.U. on GRACE, who clearly feels the same way... but want desperately not to. She watches him ride off towards Pilg who has stopped like all the others at the far end of the ring. He stands by himself, tossing his head, snorting, n wanting to be around other horses. Tom cracks the flag,  keeping them moving. Pilgrim does his own private dance. Tom rides by Grace and hands her the stick;
105) 12) dialog: If I had everything I need, I wouldn't  be going to physical therapy. Tom approaches as he overhears Grace respond;
105) 15) dialog: Why? There's no food in the house?
105) 21) dialog: I'll come.
105) 24) dialog: I watched Margo Neuberger get a  tattoo. Tom squints. Annie shrugs and nods.
105) 28) dialog: Did you call Dad today? Annie is caught off guard. Tom, riding in the arena, catches himself looking after t then goes riding after Pilgrim.
106) 0) text: The air smells of scorched flesh. There is nothing but NO Calves, separated from their mothers, "cry." They are mov out through a series of connected pens into a narrow chut and then one by one into a holding pen. They're clamped a lowered sideways onto a table and given a shot, a yellow  insect tag in one ear, branded, then sent back to their  mother's. The bulls, in a pen by themselves, stand haught paying no attention. Frank helps "doctor" the calves. Joe brands. Annie and Grace are standing by the railing, watching wit mixture of fascination and disgust. Tom moves in the feeder pen, waist deep in calves, moving through the chute. He looks to Annie.
106) 19) text: It hurts but he'll get over it. Grace smiles proudly.
106) 21) dialog: That's not a question, is it?
107) 0) text: The ranch is colored in amber light. Near the house, two long tables pushed together to make o long one... A gentle breeze ruffles the tablecloth. Every is seated for a meal. We hear laughter and conversation.. parachute into the middle of the moments; -- Hank helping with his wife get to their three children sit still for dinner... -- Diane organizing the women and their various plates of dishes... -- The Ranch Hand piling up their plates and kidding each other... -- Joe is instructing Grace on the various sauces for the ribs. The Twins are making fun of him behind his back. -- Tom and Smokey are barbecuing, the last one to sit. -- Frank assists his frail mother, ELLEN BOOKER, at the t filling her plate with all the things she can't reach for
107) 10) dialog: I've never eaten this much in my  life.
107) 28) text: Well, I'd like to welcome Annie and  Grace to their first branding...
109) 0) text: Annie wanders out, passing Grace and Joe on her way out. are sitting in a glider. As Annie exits O.C., we hear the
109) 1) dialog: Why do you always wear that hat?
110) 0) text: Grace is fast asleep, exhausted. She does not stir when t phone rings. Annie picks up from her own bed, awakened, still dressed her branding clothes, having just passed out on the bed.
114) 14) text: Hello? Hi, yeah, I just spoke to him.  Oh, you know David, Mr. Strong Arm... Diane feels out of place and exits. Annie doesn't notice  until she hears the door close. She pushes back her hair takes a deep breath. She looks out through the side windo and sees: Grace and Joe doing chores. Grace looks involved and not all self-conscious. A moment of gratitude and calm for An
116) 0) text: Tom, carrying a saddle, comes around the side of the barn Through the slats, he sees Grace working in the barn,  watering a horse. She has stopped and is looking through cracks of Pilgrim's stall at him. She turns and sees Tom  through the slats. She goes back to work as Tom comes to barn door.
117) 2) dialog: Drive? I'm not old enough yet.
117) 4) dialog: I can't...
118) 0) text: Grace doesn't know what to do.
118) 3) dialog: I don't know if I can with my leg.
118) 9) dialog: (afraid)
119) 0) text: The truck is parked at the foot of a mountain. Grace, ver pleased with herself, sits beside Tom on the cab's roof,  looking around them at the great Montana. After a beat;
119) 2) dialog: We bought him in Kentucky. My mother  and I took a trip down there to see  him.
119) 4) dialog: Are you afraid of anything?
119) 7) text: What went on out there, Grace? With  Pilgrim? Grace doesn't say anything. Tom nods then;
119) 10) text: I don't know how you feel about talking  about it and I can understand you might  not want to. But if I'm going to figure  out what's going on in his head, it'd  sure help if I knew exactly what  happened that day. Grace looks away. Tom smiles and gently puts his arm arou her shoulders, which has a soothing effect on Grace -- ma her feel safe...
126) 0) text: Grace is standing by the window, looking out at them. The movements indicate an intimacy that upsets her.
128) 0) text: Grace watches her mother stand there a moment, then turn walk towards the house. Grace moves away from the window, her emotions churning -- jealousy, anger -- and enters he bedroom, shutting the door.
129) 3) dialog: Would you let me ride your horse?
129) 6) dialog: Of course I have.
129) 9) dialog: Are you going to give me a hand or  aren't you? He gets off his horse and holds it. She puts down her can then puts her hand on the saddle horn. She puts her  prosthetic leg into a stirrup. Frightened, she starts to  shake;
131) 0) text: Annie is in the midst of making a spaghetti dinner. She's little frazzled but she's on top of it. Grace enters wear a lovely dress -- it is the first time we have seen her i dress. Annie hears her enter before she sees her, asking;
131) 3) dialog: I thought there were too many forks  on the table.
131) 5) dialog: Mom, they don't mind eating with one  fork.
131) 7) text: You're right. Good. Grace puts them away.
131) 9) dialog: I'll take care of it.
131) 12) dialog: Would anyone like something to drink? We hear a CRASH in the kitchen, then:
133) 3) dialog: ... like, for instance, you can go on  the Internet and access this thing  called The Visible Man -- who was this  murderer they caught in Texas that was  executed and donated his body to  science and you can call him up on the  screen and dissect him, like in Three-D... Grace eats as she talks. Joe and the Twins are fascinated Annie asks Tom, Frank and Diane;
133) 15) dialog: It's from a jar. There's an odd silence as a deflated Annie serves Frank.
133) 20) dialog: It's just my computer.
133) 26) text: No reason you should, no reason you  should. They exit into the kitchen. Frank continues eating. Tom looks around -- Grace showing the boys the computer. and Diane in the kitchen. For a second, we see Tom realiz image of the life he once thought he could.
134) 28) dialog: Nothing.
134) 32) text: Come on. Say good night and thank  you... Voices everywhere. Yelling. "Thank you's!!" During which, Grace quickly turns and exits. Annie eyes follow her out the room, but with her guests and the chaos, she doesn't whether or not to leave.
134) 38) text: I expect you should talk to Grace about  that, ma'am. And if I did anything  wrong, then I am sorry. Ever the gentlemen, Joe exits. Annie looks to Tom. He's a to leave, when he stops and says:
135) 0) text: We don't know how long Annie waited, but she knocks gentl then enters to find Grace, in her nightgown, on her bed, the night stand light on. Her prosthesis is against the w
135) 3) dialog: About what?
135) 6) dialog: (snotty)
135) 9) dialog: ... You worried everything all right  now and we'll have to go home?
135) 11) dialog: You... not wanting to go home because  you hate daddy so much.
135) 13) dialog: I can't remember the last time you  made him dinner.
135) 15) dialog: Tom? Annie sits by the bed, Grace moves away a little.
135) 17) dialog: Yeah, you know everything!!
135) 19) dialog: NO, YOU STOP IT! Stop pretending like  you care! Like this really isn't about  you and Tom.
135) 23) dialog: Well, now you know what it feels like. Beat.
135) 25) dialog: FOR YOU! Because I'm your daughter  which means you're the best mother!  Isn't that what you're always talking  about in interviews -- having it all,  the great career, the great family...  Proving everybody wrong. Wanting  everybody to think you're this perfect  woman! Beat. They're both exhausted.
135) 28) dialog: Yeah, well, you've done a great job. Beat. Annie feels deeply hurt.
135) 30) dialog: 
135) 33) dialog: I said... I started. Grace starts to sob. Annie doesn't understand.
135) 35) dialog: My period.
135) 38) dialog: (nods)
135) 39) text: I felt it happen downstairs and when  I went into the bathroom. Annie reaches down to touch Grace's shoulder. Grace turns there is no anger in her face. Annie sits and takes her i her arms. Grace clings to her and sobs like a little girl Annie sees tears run -- gratefully, lovingly.
135) 40) dialog: Who's going to want me now?
135) 42) dialog: Who's ever going to want me? Nobody  will.
135) 44) dialog: Why should they?
135) 46) text: I don't know where you got it? I  honestly don't know how I would have  handled all this if I were you. Grace is so grateful, they cling to each other even harde As the tears subside, Grace manages to admit...
135) 47) dialog: I'm sorry... about what I said. It's  just that -- all those times you  and Daddy were trying for another  kid, I... I used to pray at night that  it would work. And not because of  you guys or that I wanted a brother  or sister... but... just so I wouldn't  have to be...
135) 49) dialog: So special. Because I was the only  one. You both wanted me to be so  good at everything, so perfect and  I wasn't. I was just me. And now I've  completely ruined everything,  anyway... They both start crying again as Annie rocks her gently.
136) 0) text: Tom sits alone, writing at his desk. His music is playing He stops to look out the window overlooking the Creek Hou Annie and Grace fell asleep with the lights still on in t living room. Tom is thinking of Grace and Annie -- wondering what happ after he left... conflicted by what he feels for Annie... remembering why they're here in the first place...
137) 0) text: The phone rings, awakening Annie first, then Grace.
137) 7) dialog: Who is it?
137) 9) dialog: Sure. Annie moves to the other room, sits down at her office sp takes a breath, then picks up, yelling to Grace;
138) 0) text: Annie and Grace are standing by the arena fence. Frank, J and the Twins are sitting on the fence rail. Joe is holdi saddle and a bridle, standing in some shadows in an empty arena. Pilgrim comes running into the ring. Out of habit, starts circling the ring. He sees Tom holding a saddle.  Pilgrim walks towards him. Curious, he stops, looking at Tom puts the saddle down, sitting crossways on it. Pilgri walks towards him again. He stops, looking at Tom again. just sits there, playing with the bridle. Pilgrim walks  around him. Tom doesn't show him any interest. Pilgrim co closer. He looks at the saddle. He runs off. He stops,  looking back. Tom just sits. Pilgrim walks back over. Tom stands and shows him the bridle. Pilgrim comes closer,  sniffing it. He rubs his nose against the leather. Tom pa his head. Then, in one quick, but deft motion, he puts th bridle on him. Pilgrim tosses his head, but it doesn't se to bother him. Grace and Annie watch intently. Tom takes reins, walking Pilgrim around the ring. He walks him to t saddle. Pilgrim paws at it with his hoof. He turns and ru off. Tom lets him go. Pilgrim runs around the ring, slows down, looks over at Tom. Tom picks up the saddle. Pilgrim cautiously, comes back over. Tom, with the saddle, walks from him. Pilgrim, again curious, follows him. He nudges Tom stops. Pilgrim comes around to take a good look at th saddle. Tom rubs his back. And gently, like laying down a sheet, puts the saddle on his back. Pilgrim shuffles slig at the touch. Tom quickly cinches it. Taking up the reins walks Pilgrim around the ring again. He starts to jog.  Pilgrim jogs with him. And in the middle of the jog, Tom  grabs onto the saddle horn, and without breaking his stri pulls himself back up onto his back. He lays across the  saddle, letting Pilgrim feel his weight. He sits up, and  without letting him break his stride, he urges Pilgrim wi his thighs, keeping him in the jog, riding around the rin Grace and Annie cheer. Tom tips his hat to them...
139) 0) text: Grace is cleaning stalls, etc... She exits one of the sta with a pail and stops -- looking down the barn to where s knows Pilgrim is. She places the pail down and gathers he courage. She walks to Pilgrim's stall. She stands motionl for some moments before she opens the doors and enters... Pilgrim steps back a bit. He looks at her. He pins his ea back. Stomps his feet. Grace is about to turn and leave, she stops herself and remains still. Slowly, she reaches out to touch Pilgrim's head... and he lets her. We see in Grace a maturity of character, a  willingness to face what she must face... the beginning o compassion, not only for Pilgrim, but perhaps for herself well.
140) 0) text: A full moon lights the ranch. Tom pulls up to the ranch h in his truck, parks and gets out. As he walks towards the house, he hears: Grace exits the Creek House and coming towards him, a coa over her nightgown. Tom waits until she reaches him.
140) 1) dialog: I was waiting for you to come back. Tom instinctively knows what she wants.
141) 0) text: Grace sits at the table. Tom is cooking at the stove. It as if they are the only two people on earth. Grace gets u nerve... and begins:
141) 1) dialog: Judith was telling me about this boy  she really liked. She never even had  a chance to tell me his name... She starts to quietly cry, but it doesn't stop her.
141) 2) dialog: We were going to go around by the  railroad bridge... And we see the accident all over again... But this time, movie -- as clear as reality -- but in deathly silence. J the sound of Grace's voice, and her heartbeat...
142) 1) dialog: We were laughing about something, I  don't remember what. Her horse fell... Judith's horse suddenly stumbles on the ice, going down,  throwing Judith, her foot helplessly caught in the stirru Her horse sliding back down the hill. Grace tries to move Pilgrim to avoid the errant horse, bu it's too late, the horse plows into them, the horses slid back down the hillside onto the empty COUNTRY ROAD...
143) 1) dialog: ... Judith's foot was caught in the  stirrup... she couldn't get up, she  was so scared... (cries)
143) 3) dialog: ...He was honking, trying to get us to  move... I tried to grab the reins to  get Judith's horse out of the way... Grace grabs the reins of Judith's horse. The horses are  spooking...
143) 4) dialog: ...And the truck started skidding... The truck skidded on the icy road, going out of control, knifing, heading right for them...
143) 5) dialog: ...It was coming right at us... There  wasn't any time to do anything... It  ran right into Judith's horse... The truck bed plows into Judith's horse...
143) 6) dialog: ...Judith just disappeared... And it  came right at Pilgrim and me... We see this...
143) 7) dialog: ...And Pilgrim reared up at the truck  and I fell off... Grace falls onto the road, the truck running over her.
144) 0) text: Grace sobs uncontrollably now.
144) 1) dialog: Judith... Oh God, Judith. I'm sorry... Tom is near and holds her as she puts her head on his che
144) 4) dialog: I know where he goes.
144) 7) text: I'll tell you one more thing... When  Pilgrim reared up to face that  truck... you know what I think?... I  think that damn horse loved you so much,  he was trying to protect you... That's  what I think. Grace listens to this. As Tom holds her in silence, it's  almost as if they were father and daughter...
145) 0) text: Tom stands with Grace in the corral. Tom's horse, Rimrock saddled nearby. Tom takes Grace's cane.
145) 2) dialog: I can't... not yet...
146) 0) text: Endless sky. Annie is jogging off in the distance when sh looks up and stops to see: Tom and Grace, both on horses, stopped on a rolling hill. They do not see her. Annie is filled with emotion... pride for her daughter,  gratitude for this amazing man. As the two ride off into the distance we do a slow:
148) 3) text: You! Hank begins to play and sing a painfully pretty song. His sweet voice is stark contrast to his gruff, strongman  appearance. Frank offers his hand to Diane, she slaps it and laughs, he helps her up and they start to dance. As  everyone watches... Joe stands and offers his hand to Grace;
148) 5) dialog: I don't thinks you'd want me tripping  all over you in front of everybody.
148) 8) dialog: (affectionately)
148) 9) text: You know, you're a good kid. Joe smiles and helps her up. They come together and start dancing. Annie is watching, holding her breath with gratitude. Tom notices Annie off by herself and crosses to her. He  extends his hand. She hesitates, looks again to Grace wit Joe, then accepts... His hand slide to her back. Her hand to his shoulder. The dance. Their bodies closer than they've ever been. Slowly she leans her head against his body. And surrenders, for moment... Diane sees them. She holds her husband fast, and buries h head on his neck.
151) 0) text: Dead in stillness. The cattle dark and motionless. Everyo asleep in bedrolls around the pasture. Annie awakens, looks up at the moon, watching it go in an out of the clouds. She looks over to sleeping Grace... Th looks to where Tom is -- and sees his sleeping bag is emp Quietly, she rises and looks for him. She starts across the grass and sees him crossing on his  haunches, wearing a slicker, sitting in the grass by the  stream, drinking some water. She watches him. Tom senses something and turns. For a moment, they just l at each other -- half disbelieving the inevitable is so c at hand. Annie approaches as Tom rises. They meet. They kiss. Tentative at first, but more, just make that very, precious first moment of discovery last a long as it can. The kiss grows more passionate. They begi lose themselves in each other. Until, suddenly, aware of their surroundings, they part. words. Their expressions to each other tell all. Annie  separates herself and goes back to her bedroll... Tom sta in the grass, by the stream... the moving water, the nigh only sound.
152) 0) text: The cattle drive returns. Tom, Annie, Grace, et al... are their horses, heading back towards the ranch when Grace s in the distance;
152) 1) dialog: Dad? Annie looks up and sees: POV -- ROBERT has come to the ranch. He is waiting for th with his luggage beside a rental car... standing out like Like The Man In The Gray Flannel Suit in the middle of  Wyeth's "Christina's World."
153) 0) text: Everyone is being introduced to Robert, as Grace hugs him from the side, never letting go of him. Frank, Diane -- w introduce their kids, then Tom and Robert shake hands...
153) 8) dialog: Did you notice -- no cane?
153) 10) dialog: Can we show him Pilgrim, Tom?
153) 14) dialog: Wait till you see this -- we have the  whole house to ourselves... The MacLean walk to the Creek House.
154) 0) text: In the distance, we see the pick-up truck parked out in t pasture. Tom is standing with Robert -- in jeans, now -- Grace, telling Robert about the ranch. Robert has his arm around Grace, asking questions, interested in everything. Grace is loving being with her two favorite men...
155) 0) text: Grace waits in the truck as Tom leads Robert through the and cowshit, climbs up and hops over a wood fence. Robert follows suit -- not as gracefully -- and gets a splinter.
158) 0) text: Grace is in the stall with Pilgrim. Once again, close eno to touch him, which he allows. Outside the stall, stand Robert and Tom. Robert squeezes splinter...
159) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the table, eating, talking, lau Grace is right by her father's side. Frank's in the middl telling Robert:
160) 0) text: Everyone is outside enjoying the night after a long day. Diane and Annie are on the porch. Diane is showing Annie she does her needlepoint. Annie is genuinely interested. Tom and Frank and Robert are sitting out front. Grace is Robert's feet. Joe sits on the ground in front of his fat opposite Grace.
161) 0) text: Grace is asleep. Robert sits by her bed, lit by the moon  through a window. He stares at this creature he loves so  much. He rises and enters Annie's room.
162) 0) text: Cars and pick-up trucks haphazardly parked along a dirt  road... Smoking open grill barbecues. Ranchers and famili move about the ranch, sit and eat at picnic tables with  gingham tablecloths... Some teenagers hanging around the  corral, talking. Diane and some other women, eating and  talking... Frank with a group of men, drinking beer, tell stories. A BAND has been set up by the barn. People are dancing un the harvest moon. Grace is dancing with Joe... Tom is dan with a local woman... Annie with a rancher... Everyone is having a good time... Robert is enjoying a smoke with some men. He looks over t the dance floor and smiles when he sees Grace and Joe. Joe and the Rancher trade place... Joe dances with Annie, Rancher with Grace... But Tom sees his chance and switche with the Rancher so that he can dance with Grace... She i thrilled and he guides her effortlessly across the floor. Joe and Annie are interrupted by another couple. Joe swit partners, but Annie smiles and excuses herself -- she wan rest. Robert continues talking with some of the men. He puts ou his smoke and looks over to the dance floor. He sees Grac dancing with Tom... His eyes search for Annie. He moves a from the men until he sees, from a distance; Annie, sitting by herself, amidst the crowd... No one wou notice her unless they were looking for her... But Robert -- and what he sees is Annie looking at Grace and Tom... only looking at Tom... Smiling to herself gently... Watch his every move. Suddenly, she rises and exits out of the to get some air.
164) 0) text: Tom and Grace continue dancing. She's in heaven. Robert  approaches and Tom quickly allows him to take over. Grace loves the attention from both men. As they dance off, Tom crosses the dance floor and is met by Hank's wife;
168) 0) text: There's a stillness. A sense of import. Annie, Robert, Fr Diane, Joe and Smokey, are all at various spots along the Grace stands inside the ring. Tom is standing beside Pilg in the middle of the ring. Pilgrim is bridled and saddled Tom adjusts he stirrup. He walks over to Grace...
168) 3) dialog: (softly)
168) 4) text: Sure. Tom puts his arms around her shoulders and walks out to  Pilgrim. The horse pricks up his ears as they approach. T motions Grace to stop a short distance from Pilgrim so as to crowd him. Tom walks over alone, reaching to gently ta hold of him. Holding him by the bridle, he puts his head  beside Pilgrim's, quietly speaking to him, soothing Pilgr neck with his other hand... Annie and Robert are fascinated. Anxious. Pilgrim never takes his eyes off Grace. Tom tries to ease forward. Pilgrim resists, lifting his head and looking at Grace so you can see the white at the top of his eye. Tom turns him away, walking him in circles, trying to calm hi He leads him back to Grace. Pilgrim tosses his head and  stomps his feet. Robert grows more anxious. Annie is calmer, more focused. Tom climbs up on him, riding him around the arena in an e lope. Grace watches them go round the ring. She looks at parents and tries to smile. They try as well. Tom dismounts and leads Pilgrim back to Grace. Pilgrim ba again, violently throwing his head, kicking... Grace's  shoulders slump, she presses her hands in her pockets,  fighting not to cry...
168) 8) dialog: What does that mean?
168) 10) dialog: I want to watch. Smokey re-enters the ring, carrying some rope. He talks  briefly to Tom. Pilgrim, sensing something, turns and run the far side of the ring. Tom, his arms spread, walks ove to him, keeping him by the fence. Tom takes him by the  bridle. Smokey comes beside him. Tom unhitches the bridle in its place slips a rope halter Smokey passes to him.  Smokey then hands him two long ropes, one at a time. Tom  fastens one under the halter and ties the other to the sa horn. Tom asks Smokey.
168) 12) dialog: What is he doing this?
168) 17) dialog: That's enough! Stop it! Pilgrim snorts and foams at the mouth, fighting. But  slowly, like a wounded bird, she starts giving in. He  rolls over on his side and lays his head in the sand and  is still. It seems like a total, humiliating surrender.  Grace starts to sob, burying her face in Annie's chest.  Robert feels impotent to help.
168) 19) dialog: Tom and Smokey stand over the fallen horse like two big  game hunters at the carcass of a kill.
168) 25) dialog: No, you're only going to hurt him  some more.
168) 27) dialog: (turned away)
168) 30) dialog: Do what? Tom, prouder of her now than ever before.
168) 38) text: Grace, do what I'm telling you. Stand  on him... now! Grace obeys him through her tears. She lets Tom take her and guide her up onto the curve of Pilgrim's belly. Then lets go. Grace stands there with teas steaming down her  face -- standing on the animal she loved most in the worl
170) 0) text: Grace and Annie go riding...
172) 0) text: Frank's car is parked up for the trip to the airport that will take the Bookers to Branton, Missouri for Diane's  cousin's wedding... Grace, Annie and Robert are outside saying goodbye to the Bookers; Diane, the Twins... and Joe... Joe awkwardly sha her hand... then removes his hat and puts it on her head. Everyone laughs. They want to hug each other, but don't k if they would... Frank and Tom are packing the car...
173) 0) text: In the midst of packing, Annie has made dinner for Grace Robert. In the midst of eating, Robert asks:
173) 2) dialog: I did. He said he had work to do  until late. Annie remains silent.
175) 0) text: Grace enters the barn to say goodbye to Pilgrim.
176) 1) dialog: I'll see you home... OK?
178) 0) text: Annie and Robert walk towards the car to find Grace, lean against it -- looking depressed.
178) 2) dialog: Tom's gone. Both Robert and Annie are surprised.
178) 3) dialog: Smokey told me he left last night to  look at some horses in Sheriden. He  won't be back for three days. I can't  believe he didn't want to say goodbye.
178) 5) text: Well... honey... you know... that's  just not his way. Maybe you can write  him a letter or something. Say thank  you... Don't think about it... You  take care and I'll see you home. She embraces Grace and, over her shoulder, watches Robert enter the car. Grace follows suit. The car drives off lea Annie alone at the Double Divide.
208) 0) text: Annie stands where she stood when she and Grace stopped h their way to Montana... She removes from her pocket the KNOTTED LOOP he made for and looks at it.
209) 0) text: A car is driving up the driveway to the house. It stops. Robert and Grace get out as Annie exits from the front do She looks beautiful -- but in a completely different way ever before. There is a calm center to her. A softness an strength. She smiles and walks to meet them.
209) 2) dialog: So do you.
209) 4) dialog: Good.
209) 11) dialog: Great!
209) 18) text: I don't know. Let's just go and...  we'll see... Annie nods. He reaches for her hand, and Annie gives it  willingly... They begin to walk away from Camera... toget Annie begins to speak, telling him what we already know. he will react or what will happen, is unknown. But these people will no longer avoid their life together... someho they will make the effort to face it together. As Camera Widens, we see included in the frame, Grace and Pilgrim... as she strokes him and whispers in his ear... leads him for a walk...