54) 0) text: Tom has finished his "show." People are shaking his hand, thanking him, as he walks away from the corral, towards a trailer. The Woman in the Ralph Lauren approaches:
57) 4) text: Oh! Yes. Thank you for calling back. Uh,  all right, let me try to explain my  situation as briefly as possible... You  see, my daughter had an accident with  her horse... They were both injured and  she, my daughter, she hasn't been able  to... fully... uh... It was an extremely  traumatic experience... and uh... Tom, sensing her turmoil, listening compassionately.
98) 4) text: Okay then. Thank you. She hangs up, pauses, then speaks to the window out loud for Grace to hear --
107) 0) text: The ranch is colored in amber light. Near the house, two long tables pushed together to make o long one... A gentle breeze ruffles the tablecloth. Every is seated for a meal. We hear laughter and conversation.. parachute into the middle of the moments; -- Hank helping with his wife get to their three children sit still for dinner... -- Diane organizing the women and their various plates of dishes... -- The Ranch Hand piling up their plates and kidding each other... -- Joe is instructing Grace on the various sauces for the ribs. The Twins are making fun of him behind his back. -- Tom and Smokey are barbecuing, the last one to sit. -- Frank assists his frail mother, ELLEN BOOKER, at the t filling her plate with all the things she can't reach for
107) 13) dialog: Too bad she wasn't here for old  Henry Vanoker...
107) 16) dialog: Old Henry was changing a flat tire on  his truck over on 118 when that... (laughs)
107) 19) dialog: Knocked him out for a while. He woke  up, finished putting on the tire and  drove himself to the hospital.
134) 32) text: Come on. Say good night and thank  you... Voices everywhere. Yelling. "Thank you's!!" During which, Grace quickly turns and exits. Annie eyes follow her out the room, but with her guests and the chaos, she doesn't whether or not to leave.
134) 34) text: Say thank you!! Diane and Frank usher the kids out. Tom holds onto Joe un they're gone, then lets him go.
148) 0) text: The cattle stands in silhouette. We hear singing. Everyone is sitting around a campfire. Frank's playing th guitar, singing along with Tom. They laugh when a lyric o note goes wrong. Everyone is enjoying it. Annie, her arms around her knees, sits off by herself. Th song ends and people applaud. Frank hands the guitar to Hank;
148) 3) text: You! Hank begins to play and sing a painfully pretty song. His sweet voice is stark contrast to his gruff, strongman  appearance. Frank offers his hand to Diane, she slaps it and laughs, he helps her up and they start to dance. As  everyone watches... Joe stands and offers his hand to Grace;
164) 0) text: Tom and Grace continue dancing. She's in heaven. Robert  approaches and Tom quickly allows him to take over. Grace loves the attention from both men. As they dance off, Tom crosses the dance floor and is met by Hank's wife;
165) 0) text: Tom is walking along when he turns the corner of Hank's h and finds; Annie sitting alone, staring up at the night. They see ea other. From behind the house, no one else can see them. It is as if the fates brought them face to face and alone Without any will to stop it, they embrace and kiss  passionately. But when they look into each other's eyes,  there is no joy in the kiss. Tom releases her and walks a heading for the shed. Annie quickly pulls herself togethe and enters the main house through the back door.
166) 3) text: No thanks. Diane senses an uneasiness in Tom. She looks as he drinks water. MEDIUM CLOSE-UP ON TOM'S BACK, as if from Diane's POV. But when we pull back we find ourselves;
178) 5) text: Well... honey... you know... that's  just not his way. Maybe you can write  him a letter or something. Say thank  you... Don't think about it... You  take care and I'll see you home. She embraces Grace and, over her shoulder, watches Robert enter the car. Grace follows suit. The car drives off lea Annie alone at the Double Divide.
203) 0) text: Annie drives, she continues remembering... -- She and Tom in the branding... -- She and Tom dancing around the camp fire at the cattle -- She and Tom kissing in secrecy behind Hank's house the of the barn dance...