82) 0) text: Men are working in the corral, saddle horses standing nea trying to get a sick calf to suckle a cow. One of the men Tom Booker, working along side his brother FRANK, and his nephew, JOE. Frank is a good man -- solid work ethic,  Christian fearing, wry sense of humor. With the build of football player, his strength never overwhelms his boyish good-natured heart. Joe is eleven, wearing his cowboy hat like a badge of honor. The three men seem as inseparable each other, as they are to the land. As they work:
82) 1) dialog: Can we take a look at Bronty's foal  when we're done here, Dad?
82) 3) dialog: There's a kid at school says we  should've imprint-trained him. Tom and Frank don't say anything. Just nod, knowingly.
82) 4) dialog: He says if you do it soon as they're  born, it makes them real easy to handle  later on.
82) 6) dialog: There was this thing on the TV about a  guy who does it with geese. He has this  airplane and these baby geese all grow  up thinking it's their mom, and he flies  it and they just follow. (to Tom)
82) 9) dialog: Well, what do you think about that  stuff?
82) 11) dialog: We expecting company? Frank shakes his head. As the Suburban slows down, Tom  recognizes the driver.
85) 0) text: Frank, Tom, Joe and TOM TWIN BOYS, 6 years old, sit at a table eating dinner, as Diane serves. We parachute into t middle of the conversation:
85) 15) dialog: When you figure on branding?
85) 18) dialog: What's an editor do anyway?
93) 0) text: Two hours later. Grace is in the same spot. Smokey is gon doing his work. Annie has taken a different position, loo over SEVERAL PAGES OF FAXES on her lap. Tom is still standing in the pen trying to get Pilgrim's Joe has joined the proceedings, sitting on the pen rail. Tom deftly throws a hoolihan, gently lassoing Pilgrim aro the neck. And Pilgrim, at the touch of the rope, crazed,  resists, pulling back, striking at the rope... The rope  cutting into Tom's hands. Tom gives him some slack, givin his head, letting him relax... then gently heads him by t rope, walking him around the pen, getting his feet to mov Grace's eyes never leave Tom.
94) 0) text: Tom, off in the distance -- against a sky that seems to b touching the land -- is riding along a creek. Closer up, see he's rustling the bushes with a stick. Some stray cow run out of the bushes. Tom races after them. His horse  shepherds the cow across the creek and up a hillside. At the top of the hill, with the ranch spread out endless before him, Tom sees Frank on his horse, chasing strays. whistles. Frank waves back. In the near distance, a picku truck is parked on the range. Joe and the TWINS are throwing food pellets out of the ba of the truck. Cattle come from across the range for the f What begins as a handful of cows becomes dozens, then  hundreds -- the truck virtually disappearing among them. Tom stops for a moment to look out at his ranch. Far off the distance, he sees Annie's Suburban coming along the r to the ranch. He watches as Annie's distant figure gets o of the car with Grace. Annie instinctively turns and look across the land. Even though there is such a distance,  there's a sense Tom and Annie are looking at each other. Tom senses Joe driving Frank's truck, slowly moving off t range -- the Twins in the back, the cattle following. Tom on his horse atop the hill.
95) 0) text: Pilgrim, his scarred head above water, legs moving in odd sycopation, swimming. We discover he is in a pond, tether to a pole... Except for the sound of his legs in the wate everything is quiet and focused on Pilgrim. SMOKEY, holds the pole, walking on the outside of the pon leading Pilgrim back and forth as he swims. Tom, crouched the pond, silently concentrating on Pilgrim... Grace watches, off by herself... Annie stands beside Joe. can't help but be intrigued by the sight. She asks Joe;
95) 13) dialog: Does that hurt you? Grace tries to think of an answer -- and of how to say it
95) 16) dialog: Twice a month they give you a day off  to work on the ranch. He tips his hat down as he looks out to Pilgrim with resp
95) 17) dialog: Look at him out in the pasture -- Yeah,  he must've been a big, beautiful looking  horse. How was he to ride? Grace is uncomfortable again. She looks away, just strugg Joe senses she's done talking;
95) 18) dialog: Excuse me. I got chores to look after. He tips his hat and walks off, passing Annie as she arriv
100) 0) text: Everyone sits around the kitchen table. Joe, still wearin his hat, eyes Annie and Grace with acute curiosity.
100) 8) dialog: Teacher asked me why we raise Black  Angus-Herefords 'stead of Pure Herefords.
103) 0) text: Diane is washing windows while listening to an audio book her tape player. Through the windows, she sees: Joe and the Twins helping Annie and Grace move into the C House. Diane has conflicting feelings about this. She continues work.
104) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of ANNIE CONNECTING HERSELF BACK TO THE RES THE WORLD, BY PLUGGING IN HER COMPUTER, FAX, ETC... Grace is in the other room, as she was in the motel. Alon With no television, she is just listening to her music la on the couch. The two women remain separate no matter whe they are. But we see a small difference. Grace rises and walks to t window. She looks out; POV: She sees people working about the ranch. Maybe Joe i among them -- riding his horse as he works. Or maybe it's just a vision of people with tasks to complete -- who do with pride, discipline and clarity. Grace looks out the window longingly.
106) 0) text: The air smells of scorched flesh. There is nothing but NO Calves, separated from their mothers, "cry." They are mov out through a series of connected pens into a narrow chut and then one by one into a holding pen. They're clamped a lowered sideways onto a table and given a shot, a yellow  insect tag in one ear, branded, then sent back to their  mother's. The bulls, in a pen by themselves, stand haught paying no attention. Frank helps "doctor" the calves. Joe brands. Annie and Grace are standing by the railing, watching wit mixture of fascination and disgust. Tom moves in the feeder pen, waist deep in calves, moving through the chute. He looks to Annie.
107) 0) text: The ranch is colored in amber light. Near the house, two long tables pushed together to make o long one... A gentle breeze ruffles the tablecloth. Every is seated for a meal. We hear laughter and conversation.. parachute into the middle of the moments; -- Hank helping with his wife get to their three children sit still for dinner... -- Diane organizing the women and their various plates of dishes... -- The Ranch Hand piling up their plates and kidding each other... -- Joe is instructing Grace on the various sauces for the ribs. The Twins are making fun of him behind his back. -- Tom and Smokey are barbecuing, the last one to sit. -- Frank assists his frail mother, ELLEN BOOKER, at the t filling her plate with all the things she can't reach for
107) 22) dialog: I wrote this for you Grandma... Mrs. Booker, and Diane, beam. Annie and Grace don't know to expect. Joe stands straight as an arrow and recites a from memory... At first, Annie and Grace appear to be embarrassed for th but soon they can't help but be won over by his guilessne He finishes and everyone applauds. Hank's wife asks:
107) 24) dialog: I wrote it myself, ma'am.
107) 26) dialog: Be honest, I can't say I did it all  myself. My grandma helped me get the  words right. OOoo's and aah's and smiles and conversations erupting ov each other. Only we see, Grace looking over to Joe who gives her kick shy grin...
109) 0) text: Annie wanders out, passing Grace and Joe on her way out. are sitting in a glider. As Annie exits O.C., we hear the
109) 2) dialog: Because it fits my head. You want to  try it on? Grace doesn't know if she should. Annie continues towards Tom who's sitting in a rocker pla with the twins.
114) 14) text: Hello? Hi, yeah, I just spoke to him.  Oh, you know David, Mr. Strong Arm... Diane feels out of place and exits. Annie doesn't notice  until she hears the door close. She pushes back her hair takes a deep breath. She looks out through the side windo and sees: Grace and Joe doing chores. Grace looks involved and not all self-conscious. A moment of gratitude and calm for An
129) 0) text: Joe, hat tipped low, is riding his horse, leading some yo horses, exercising them in the morning pasture. He sees G walking with her cane, coming across the pasture.
129) 1) dialog: (shy)
129) 4) dialog: (hesitates)
129) 7) dialog: (beat, then:)
129) 10) dialog: You sure? Angry, determined, Grace tries to swing her leg onto the  horse. She can't do it. Tears of frustration on her face. tries again. She manages to pull herself halfway on, her  prosthetic leg buckles and she falls. Frightened, Joe run her.
129) 11) dialog: You okay? She gasps to catch her breath. He reaches to help her up. pulls her hand away. Embarrassed, she "runs" off. Joe rem still. He hears a little VOICES. He turns and sees the TW having been watching the whole thing from a small hill. A they run off, he yells, threateningly.
129) 12) dialog: You better not say anything!!!
130) 0) text: We follow Joe running towards the creek house, fastening good shirt. He's dressed and cleaned for dinner. He's lat
134) 12) dialog: 
134) 19) dialog: Don't be such a baby!
134) 21) dialog: You shut up, stupid!
134) 23) dialog: You little shit!
134) 25) dialog: 
134) 30) dialog: Little shit! Joe lunges for Scott and the two start rolling in a fight Frank and Tom work to pull them apart as Diane yells.
134) 34) text: Say thank you!! Diane and Frank usher the kids out. Tom holds onto Joe un they're gone, then lets him go.
134) 35) dialog: Sorry, ma'am, I thank you for dinner.  It was very good.
134) 37) dialog: (hesitates)
134) 38) text: I expect you should talk to Grace about  that, ma'am. And if I did anything  wrong, then I am sorry. Ever the gentlemen, Joe exits. Annie looks to Tom. He's a to leave, when he stops and says:
138) 0) text: Annie and Grace are standing by the arena fence. Frank, J and the Twins are sitting on the fence rail. Joe is holdi saddle and a bridle, standing in some shadows in an empty arena. Pilgrim comes running into the ring. Out of habit, starts circling the ring. He sees Tom holding a saddle.  Pilgrim walks towards him. Curious, he stops, looking at Tom puts the saddle down, sitting crossways on it. Pilgri walks towards him again. He stops, looking at Tom again. just sits there, playing with the bridle. Pilgrim walks  around him. Tom doesn't show him any interest. Pilgrim co closer. He looks at the saddle. He runs off. He stops,  looking back. Tom just sits. Pilgrim walks back over. Tom stands and shows him the bridle. Pilgrim comes closer,  sniffing it. He rubs his nose against the leather. Tom pa his head. Then, in one quick, but deft motion, he puts th bridle on him. Pilgrim tosses his head, but it doesn't se to bother him. Grace and Annie watch intently. Tom takes reins, walking Pilgrim around the ring. He walks him to t saddle. Pilgrim paws at it with his hoof. He turns and ru off. Tom lets him go. Pilgrim runs around the ring, slows down, looks over at Tom. Tom picks up the saddle. Pilgrim cautiously, comes back over. Tom, with the saddle, walks from him. Pilgrim, again curious, follows him. He nudges Tom stops. Pilgrim comes around to take a good look at th saddle. Tom rubs his back. And gently, like laying down a sheet, puts the saddle on his back. Pilgrim shuffles slig at the touch. Tom quickly cinches it. Taking up the reins walks Pilgrim around the ring again. He starts to jog.  Pilgrim jogs with him. And in the middle of the jog, Tom  grabs onto the saddle horn, and without breaking his stri pulls himself back up onto his back. He lays across the  saddle, letting Pilgrim feel his weight. He sits up, and  without letting him break his stride, he urges Pilgrim wi his thighs, keeping him in the jog, riding around the rin Grace and Annie cheer. Tom tips his hat to them...
147) 0) text: Frank and Diane, with the Twins, dogs at their heels, rid front of the herd. Behind them, Joe riding alongside Grac Smokey and some Hands ride among the herd, keeping them m And riding behind the herd are Annie and Tom...
148) 3) text: You! Hank begins to play and sing a painfully pretty song. His sweet voice is stark contrast to his gruff, strongman  appearance. Frank offers his hand to Diane, she slaps it and laughs, he helps her up and they start to dance. As  everyone watches... Joe stands and offers his hand to Grace;
148) 4) dialog: You wouldn't want to dance with me,  would you?
148) 6) dialog: (sweetly)
148) 9) text: You know, you're a good kid. Joe smiles and helps her up. They come together and start dancing. Annie is watching, holding her breath with gratitude. Tom notices Annie off by herself and crosses to her. He  extends his hand. She hesitates, looks again to Grace wit Joe, then accepts... His hand slide to her back. Her hand to his shoulder. The dance. Their bodies closer than they've ever been. Slowly she leans her head against his body. And surrenders, for moment... Diane sees them. She holds her husband fast, and buries h head on his neck.
159) 3) dialog: A dog ghost! Laughter all around.
160) 0) text: Everyone is outside enjoying the night after a long day. Diane and Annie are on the porch. Diane is showing Annie she does her needlepoint. Annie is genuinely interested. Tom and Frank and Robert are sitting out front. Grace is Robert's feet. Joe sits on the ground in front of his fat opposite Grace.
162) 0) text: Cars and pick-up trucks haphazardly parked along a dirt  road... Smoking open grill barbecues. Ranchers and famili move about the ranch, sit and eat at picnic tables with  gingham tablecloths... Some teenagers hanging around the  corral, talking. Diane and some other women, eating and  talking... Frank with a group of men, drinking beer, tell stories. A BAND has been set up by the barn. People are dancing un the harvest moon. Grace is dancing with Joe... Tom is dan with a local woman... Annie with a rancher... Everyone is having a good time... Robert is enjoying a smoke with some men. He looks over t the dance floor and smiles when he sees Grace and Joe. Joe and the Rancher trade place... Joe dances with Annie, Rancher with Grace... But Tom sees his chance and switche with the Rancher so that he can dance with Grace... She i thrilled and he guides her effortlessly across the floor. Joe and Annie are interrupted by another couple. Joe swit partners, but Annie smiles and excuses herself -- she wan rest. Robert continues talking with some of the men. He puts ou his smoke and looks over to the dance floor. He sees Grac dancing with Tom... His eyes search for Annie. He moves a from the men until he sees, from a distance; Annie, sitting by herself, amidst the crowd... No one wou notice her unless they were looking for her... But Robert -- and what he sees is Annie looking at Grace and Tom... only looking at Tom... Smiling to herself gently... Watch his every move. Suddenly, she rises and exits out of the to get some air.
168) 0) text: There's a stillness. A sense of import. Annie, Robert, Fr Diane, Joe and Smokey, are all at various spots along the Grace stands inside the ring. Tom is standing beside Pilg in the middle of the ring. Pilgrim is bridled and saddled Tom adjusts he stirrup. He walks over to Grace...
172) 0) text: Frank's car is parked up for the trip to the airport that will take the Bookers to Branton, Missouri for Diane's  cousin's wedding... Grace, Annie and Robert are outside saying goodbye to the Bookers; Diane, the Twins... and Joe... Joe awkwardly sha her hand... then removes his hat and puts it on her head. Everyone laughs. They want to hug each other, but don't k if they would... Frank and Tom are packing the car...