11) 1) dialog: It's warmer than I thought.
11) 3) dialog: I thought your mom's coming up?
11) 5) text: So? Judith immediately senses a problem so she continues casu as they begin walking away from Camera...
11) 6) dialog: My parents are having friends from  college over. They're really nice...  They have this gorgeous son who wants  to be a forest ranger.
12) 0) text: There are several horses in their stalls. Grace and Judit enter, talking, carrying their English saddles. Judith st at a stall, disappearing into it as she says "Hello?"..., Grace continues to the end stall. Pilgrim (the horse from the dream) stands looking at her.
16) 0) text: Long Shot of the girls riding at an easy pacing, talking the time. Grace is an elegant rider, quite self-assured f 13-year-old... We come into the scene at the moment the  girls have just shared a secret or a fantasy. Judith is  giggling uncontrollably. Grace laughs as she says:
16) 2) dialog: I just could never say it! They stop at the end of the field, facing the woods.
16) 4) dialog: Why don't we just cut through the  woods? Grace nods. They ride into the woods, continuing their ta
17) 2) dialog: We already did the river. Let's go down  and across the old bridge. We can circle  back. They begin to make their way.
19) 1) dialog: (singing)
19) 5) dialog: (singing)
19) 8) text: No, wait, it just goes... "he said he  liked to do-"... Suddenly there's the SOUND OF THE METAL OF JUDITH'S HORSE scraping on some sheer ice hidden under the soft snow. Ju notices first...
19) 9) dialog: What was -- The horse staggers... Judith looks to Grace --
19) 10) dialog: Grace! The horse tries to find tracing with his hindfeet, kickin up sprays of snow and ice shards. The horse suddenly fall the ice and goes down hard on its knees...
19) 12) dialog: The horse stumbles to get back on its feet, slipping agai Frightened, it rears and Judith, caught off balance, is  thrown, her foot catching in the stirrup...
19) 13) dialog: 
19) 19) dialog: (softly, crying)
19) 20) text: I'm okay... I'm okay. She tries to extricate her leg from the stirrup. Grace sees it before she hears it. A GLINT off of steel. then hear the rumbling SOUND of a TRUCK coming around the bend... The Girls on their horses in the middle of the ro The Truck, an 18 wheeler carrying logging equipment, come around the turn... Grace grabs the bridle, trying to get  Judith's horse out of the road... The driver, seeing them on the air horn. The Horses bolt at the sound, the bridle slipping out of Grace's hand...
28) 0) text: Annie opens the door and enters, flicking on the light.  Camera is on her back, as she places a small suitcase on bed and opens it. She begins her task with cool efficienc Opening drawers and closets, assessing what should be tak what isn't necessary. Suddenly, she stops. She feels disoriented for a moment. can't remember the last time she was inside this room. Sh takes a moment to pause and actually look around. In the light, we now see more of Grace's inner sanctum. H riding prize ribbons in various colors adorn the walls.  Books. A girl's bureau cluttered with teenage possession  ranging from childhood toys to items that suggest a reach towards adulthood. Annie examines some items, affectionat A GOOD LUCK CHARM from India sits among her things. Annie takes it to pack in the suitcase. She notices a framed 8X10 of Grace sitting proudly atop  Pilgrim with Judith at her heel. She then notices the edg another picture behind this one, in the frame. She pulls Pilgrim photo out to reveal: An old 8X10 of Annie hugging Grace as a toddler. With her back to Camera, Annie rememb
39) 0) text: Grace stands by her door and can hear her parents muffled tense voices. Annie is angry at his complacency. Robert j wants what's best for Grace. She closes the door. Silence She puts her crutches against the wall and tries to walk  towards her bureau without them. It is a struggle, but sh does... almost falling, but grabbing the bureau just in t The 8X10 of her and Pilgrim, falls face down. She props i and looks at it -- focusing on her horse, then on Judith. Suddenly, she lashes out, knocking the photograph onto th floor...
45) 0) text: The door is closed. A SONG blares on her stereo. Grace is her bed watching a video of her and Pilgrim... riding at horse show. There's a shot of Annie standing proudly,  watching her ride. Another shot of her and Judith, both o them on their horses, waving to camera.
143) 0) text: Pilgrim is first to find his legs. Judith's horse, its le broken at the ankle, walks in a confused state. Judith's is helplessly caught in the stirrup...