18) 8) text: Gottschalk. The room goes dead quiet, instantly. Then erupts in laugh as everyone realizes it. Annie, however, waves her hand a she takes the phone...
19) 0) text: It's perfectly still. We are looking down an empty TWO-LA ROAD covered with fresh snow. We see the girls slowly rid out of the woods, talking. They cross the road and start into the woods on the other side... They are trying to si LIZ PHAIR song, "CHOPSTICKS"
20) 3) dialog: (on machine)
20) 4) text: Robert! Are you there?... Robert! It's  Liz!... Look, there's... there's been  an accident... Uh... Jesus... uh... As Robert listens, the voice of Liz's on the machine from inside, pulls his attention. On hearing "accident," Rober lowers the receiver, frozen, as he listens to Liz...
20) 5) dialog: (on machine)
21) 0) text: Pilgrim is hiding in the shadows under an old railroad br standing up to his knees in the river. His chest is cut o bleeding. His face cut, contorted and swollen. LIZ HAMMON the local veterinarian, hides a hypodermic needle in her  jacket, quietly walking into the water. A Policeman is going into the water downstream from Pilgr whose chest is heaving, blood drips into the water. He  watches Liz. She is almost to him when suddenly he bolts, running upstream. The Policeman behind him shouts and waves his arm. Fright Pilgrim wheels back toward Liz, who manages to stick the in his neck. He rears, knocking her down, then runs out o the river, the hypo still in his neck. He runs for the  sanctuary of the woods.
22) 0) text: Annie sits on a train -- her laptop out, notes beside her her cellular phone, ever-ready. The train passes through  beautiful countryside but Annie is focused on an editoria she's writing. The train pulls into a station and stops, causing Annie t take a break and stretch her arms and neck. She looks out window for the first time and sees: A MAN, his hands in his pockets, waiting on the platform. watches as the Man holds out his arms to his two young  children, who are getting off the train. He picks them up his wife enters the scene, kissing him and wrapping her a around his waist. The children talk a mile a minute and t father listens to every word. Annie doesn't even realize she is staring. As they leave platform, she turns back to her laptop. As the train begi to move again, Annie returns to work. HER CELLULAR PHONE RINGS. She answers.
24) 0) text: Pilgrim is sedated, lying in his own blood in the snow,  surrounded by Police and trackers. He is being attended t LIZ HAMMOND, who is dictating to her assistant:
24) 1) dialog: ... His skull, cheek, and nose are  severely fractured. He has a deep  chest wound. I'm not even sure it  can be closed.
24) 3) text: Animal should be put down -- anybody can  see that. Liz looks up to him, resentfully, but knows he's right.
26) 0) text: LIZ HAMMOND on a cellular, walking away from the crowd.
26) 1) dialog: Annie, it's Liz. How's Grace?
26) 4) dialog: Oh God, Annie, I'm so sorry. I... I  know you're being hit with a low now,  I don't want to take too much of your  time but I have to talk to you about  Pilgrim. Annie hears the name as if it's some distant echo she can quite identify; Liz speaks quickly as Annie watches Grace breathing in her sleep --
26) 5) dialog: It's not good. I've never seen an animal  with these injuries still breathing. I  know this is difficult to hear right now  I'd like your permission to put him down.  It's the really best thing we can do for -- That was too much information for Annie;
26) 7) dialog: Yes, but he's in a tremendous pain...
26) 10) dialog: (overlapping)
26) 13) text: Hold on, Liz... (to Robert)
26) 23) dialog: (interrupting)
26) 27) dialog: (overlapping)
26) 30) dialog: It isn't right to make him suffer...
26) 32) text: I can't deal with this now, Liz! If you  need a yes or no right now, then no --  don't do it! Not until I know Grace is  all right. Now, please! Just do what you  can. Okay? (softer)
26) 33) text: Please. Liz is stopped by Annie's almost pleading tone.
26) 34) dialog: All right... They hang up. Annie takes a breath. Robert re-enters.
27) 0) text: A line of recovery stalls with various sick and hurt anim Liz, exhausted asleep, on a chair outside a stall. There' slight scratching sound. A hoof against the stall. It get louder, awakening Liz. She gets up and looks inside the  paddled stall: Pilgrim is lying in the stall, heavily bandaged. He is wa up. His first instinct is to kick at the paddled stall wa He looks at Liz, his eyes filled with madness -- enraged still be alive.
47) 1) dialog: Hello... (to Grace)
47) 5) dialog: Well, come on. He's out back now... (leads them)
47) 8) dialog: Well, Grace, you see... Pilgrim just...  isn't the same horse he used to be. (to the parents)
47) 12) dialog: You should have told her, Annie. I  tried to explain to you how bad it was...  I guess you had to see it. But, there's  nothing to be done. This animal's beyond  help. Annie, can I have your permission  now to put him down? Annie stands in the rain, hands in pocket, fixed on Pilgr and more determined than ever;
58) 0) text: Annie reaches for Grace's bedroom door, then pauses. She  realizes she should knock. She does and whispers:
59) 51) text: No, that's not what I said. I'm not a  dictator. If you feel you should come,  then come. Just do whatever you think  is right. At some moment, they realize Grace is standing at the ent to the kitchen. They are surprised.
60) 0) text: Pilgrim is being loaded into the trailer by four strong s men, violently kicking and pulling all the way. Annie watches with anxiety -- an almost giddy Liz by her
60) 2) dialog: Problem is, there aren't many  volunteers. He's already had enough  to sink a battleship. You have a  pin, just in case?
60) 4) dialog: Probably best. You may want to shoot  yourself half way to Ohio. In the back seat of ANNIE'S SUBURBAN sits Grace -- her ba the action. Hearing Pilgrim's struggle. Putting her walkm on her ears and raising the volume... We hear -- GRACE'S MUSIC, ON THE SOUNDTRACK, bringing us to:
62) 0) text: Grace, in the back seat, wearing her headphones, listenin her music (maybe LIZ PHAIR OR HOLLY COLE). Detached. Non- committal. As trucks pass by, their time slapping the pav she reacts and turns to the other window. Annie, in sunglasses, shifts her attention between the ro and her rear-view mirror -- checking on Grace.
65) 8) text: I don't care. Annie realizes she may have pushed too hard, but she also realizes there's no talking to Grace now. So, she achieve her goal --
133) 26) text: No reason you should, no reason you  should. They exit into the kitchen. Frank continues eating. Tom looks around -- Grace showing the boys the computer. and Diane in the kitchen. For a second, we see Tom realiz image of the life he once thought he could.
134) 6) text: I remember as a kid trying to imagine  what a kid my age, centuries ago,  walking over that same ground, was  wondering about or, if they had the  same problems as me... and I felt,  connected to... to time itself, almost.  Ha, I never realized how hard it was  to describe.