6) 0) text: Grace, fully dressed except for her boots, tiptoes past a partially opened bedroom door. Her father ROBERT is aslee alone, on his huge king size bed.
7) 0) text: Grace is putting on her boots on a bench beside a back do She is wearing her mother's outfit. As she slides the boo on, we see behind her a row of framed photos -- Robert, G and Annie in happy times. She slaps a note on the refrigerator, with a magnet -- "G riding. Back around 10. Love, G."
14) 0) text: Annie, casually dressed, enters the empty offices of her  magazine. She turns on the light, revealing a large row o stalls and glassed in private offices. Everywhere we look see indications of the kind of magazine she edits. She strolls to her office -- the largest -- surrounded by windows. The office walls are covered with photos, most o which are COVER STORIES ON ANNIE. (One photo is of Annie's father MARTIN. A BRITISH AMBASSA with his young daughter on his lap, her arms affectionate around his neck. Her mother stands right behind them, pos like a member of the royal family.) Annie sits and takes a breath. The only photo on her desk a family portrait, taken when Annie was given the Crystal Award -- Robert, Grace, herself and the Award. She checks watch -- it is almost 9:30.
15) 0) text: A WALK-IN CLOSET of the master bedroom; one side is Annie one side is Robert's. Robert stands before his bureau in the closet -- he has j showered and is putting on his watch and ring which lay  beside his cologne assortment. A FRAMED PHOTO OF HE AND A in India -- younger, vibrant, in love... when they first THE PHONE RINGS. Robert enters into the bedroom to pick u
15) 1) dialog: Hello? INSERT ANNIE: They speak in dulled, emotionless voices:
15) 3) dialog: Hi.
15) 5) dialog: So, what, uh, what train are you taking?
15) 7) dialog: Okay. You want me to pick you up?
15) 9) dialog: Riding with Judith. Beat.
15) 11) dialog: That's okay. We have to talk about it  and we're not always in the same place ... so... I just have to get used to it. (beat)
15) 14) dialog: Okay. We'll see you later then.
20) 0) text: ANGLE ON GRACE'S NOTE on the refrigerator as Robert enter from the outside with two bags of groceries. He places th the counter near the PHONE MACHINE. He sees ONE MESSAGE i there. He presses PLAY as he puts away the groceries. A BEAT LATER the PHONE RINGS and he picks up, with the ma still playing...
20) 1) dialog: (on phone)
20) 4) text: Robert! Are you there?... Robert! It's  Liz!... Look, there's... there's been  an accident... Uh... Jesus... uh... As Robert listens, the voice of Liz's on the machine from inside, pulls his attention. On hearing "accident," Rober lowers the receiver, frozen, as he listens to Liz...
20) 6) text: Robert, just call me on my call phone...  1-917-449-7805...
23) 0) text: Annie is running through the corridors, her bags in tow. sees Robert standing in the corridor talking to a DOCTOR. runs for them. When she appears, Robert and the Doctor stop their  conversation. Robert looks to Annie, who is waiting for n
23) 3) dialog: Judith's dead. Annie's horrified, waiting for news of Grace.
23) 5) dialog: She was in pretty bad shape. They've  done a C.A.T. Scan -- she has some  hemorrhaging...
23) 11) dialog: (interrupting)
23) 14) dialog: (quietly, crying)
23) 17) dialog: What difference does it make? Annie stares for a beat, then nods apologetically.
25) 0) text: Camera moves from Grace's face down her body to Robert's  hand, which rubs her good leg. He looks at her lovingly,  pushing the hair from her forehead. Annie, needing to do something, tenderly straightens Grac blankets. It is plain to see where her leg had once been. Robert can't look. Annie, one to face her fears, bravely  looks at it head on. She notices the I.V. Bag and rises o
25) 2) dialog: (looking)
25) 5) text: Robert, you leave it up these people...! Robert is about to respond but Annie is already out the d We hear the O.S. DIALOGUE as Robert listens.
25) 10) dialog: I'm sorry.
25) 12) dialog: Thank you. Annie and Robert stand facing each other, when the PHONE Annie picks up.
26) 9) dialog: What is it?
26) 13) text: Hold on, Liz... (to Robert)
26) 19) dialog: (overlapping, to Doctor)
26) 36) dialog: Nothing new. He's just going off duty. Beat. Silence.
26) 39) dialog: No, let me go.
31) 0) text: The Clock is ticking on the wall. The cafeteria is empty  except for one tired Intern, drinking coffee on a break. Robert and Annie are having a cup of coffee. In the silen they search for things to say. Until:
31) 1) dialog: I saw Judith's parents while you were  at the apartment... (Annie listens)
31) 5) dialog: (nods)
31) 7) dialog: Oh, uh, I meant to tell you... Alex  brought that fabric over...
31) 9) dialog: It's on the table by the phone. I didn't  know what to tell him... (returns to table, sits)
31) 11) text: ... if we still we're thinking of redoing  the couch. Annie just nods. She senses Robert is looking for some ki of reassurance, but she can't give it to him. He continue
31) 12) dialog: ... And uh... Mario called about moving  the wisteria?
32) 5) dialog: "She loves the free..." Startled, Annie turns around and smiles:
32) 6) dialog: (sexily undoing his tie)
32) 12) dialog: (a la Sinatra cool)
32) 15) dialog: I had to excuse myself from a meeting.  It's ridiculous. I kept thinking about  the baby... you... and, I swear, I was  going to start bawling right into my  briefs.
32) 18) dialog: I love you.
33) 0) text: Annie and Robert sit silently at the table in an empty ho cafeteria, a lifetime later.
35) 0) text: Daylight pours in. Robert and Annie enter. Robert, loaded with gifts, immediately crosses to Grace, on the side of good leg. Annie takes her position beside the lost leg.  Robert kisses his daughter;
35) 1) dialog: Hi, sweetheart... Annie's hand finds Grace's hand, and holds one of her fin tightly. Grace responds by wrapping her hand around her  mother's. They exchange a look of respect and gratitude.
35) 3) dialog: No, not yet.
35) 8) dialog: The doctor said whenever you're ready.  Take your time. You tell us... But he  thinks it'll only be a few months, then -- As Robert continues talking, Annie drifts to the Nurse.  Needing to manage something, she asks:
36) 0) text: A limousine drives up as the Doorman gets the car door. T weather is slightly warmer. People's clothing looks as if spring is coming nearer. Annie exits first, carrying a jacket for Grace. She is  followed by Robert, who immediately turns to help Grace. hear her O.S.
36) 2) dialog: 
37) 0) text: The three sit at a dinner table, eating dinner. Grace pic at her food. Robert can't help staring at her. Annie eats watching them both.
37) 1) dialog: Do you want something else, honey?  We order something else?
37) 5) dialog: You want to watch some television?
37) 7) text: Maybe... look -- just... Robert and Annie wait. She doesn't continue. She rises,  reaching for her crutches. Robert moves to help.
38) 0) text: Annie and Robert stand before their separate sinks, talki to each other through their separate mirrors, as they was for bed.
38) 2) dialog: Doing what?
38) 4) dialog: You know, Annie, this didn't just happen  to you. Annie is applying moisturizer when she hears this. As it  sinks in, she doesn't like it.
39) 0) text: Grace stands by her door and can hear her parents muffled tense voices. Annie is angry at his complacency. Robert j wants what's best for Grace. She closes the door. Silence She puts her crutches against the wall and tries to walk  towards her bureau without them. It is a struggle, but sh does... almost falling, but grabbing the bureau just in t The 8X10 of her and Pilgrim, falls face down. She props i and looks at it -- focusing on her horse, then on Judith. Suddenly, she lashes out, knocking the photograph onto th floor...
39) 1) dialog: Honey, you all right? Did something  fall?
44) 0) text: Annie is at her desk studying Grace's book on Horse Whisp Robert is on his bed with briefs laid out before him.
46) 2) dialog: What, sweetheart?
46) 4) text: I want to see Pilgrim. Robert and Annie exchange an anxious look.
47) 3) dialog: She's doing just grea. Aren't you  kiddo?
59) 0) text: Annie sits alone at the kitchen table, nursing a glass of wine. Robert enters and sits opposite her, wearing a tuxedo -- tie and collar undone.
59) 2) dialog: (wry)
59) 5) dialog: (surprised)
59) 7) dialog: Did you get a hold of that horse guy?
59) 9) dialog: What did he say?
59) 11) dialog: I was thinking... Maybe we should think  about the three of us going someplace  warm... Remember that house we rented in  Bermuda... The pink one with the -- His arm accidentally spills the wine.
59) 12) dialog: Shit. As he bends down to wipe it up with a napkin, Annie watch Robert clean the spill. Something about his movements, hi posture -- a sense of weakness, of surrendering, of not h the inclination to fight, of just accepting and smoothing over the rough sports -- strikes her hard. Annie realizes love she feels for Robert isn't fading. It's gone. He finishes cleaning and sits.
59) 13) dialog: What was I saying?
59) 16) dialog: I don't understand. You just said he  said no.
59) 18) dialog: That's the craziest thing I ever heard.  Absolutely not.
59) 20) dialog: (at a loss)
59) 23) dialog: (overlapping)
59) 26) dialog: I come home and you tell me we're going  to drive a psychotic horse to Montana! I  can't just pick up and leave...
59) 28) dialog: You want to do this by yourself? How?  You can't take care of Pilgrim all the --
59) 30) dialog: (overlapping)
59) 33) dialog: No. It's, uh... No, I really don't think  it's a good idea
59) 35) dialog: (searching)
59) 38) dialog: Are you a psychiatrist? He said it takes  time.
59) 40) dialog: I'm not pretending anything! Beat. Robert just stares at her. He looks concerned... al worried. Annie gets uncomfortable.
59) 42) dialog: I thought... well, ever since the  accident, I just thought we... He stops. Annie knows where he headed and prays to God he doesn't continue. He doesn't. A thick silence hangs betwe them.
59) 43) dialog: I really wish I could understand why  you think this is so necessary.
59) 45) text: Robert, we're losing her. We're losing  her. (he listens)
59) 46) text: I don't care what the doctors say. The  truth is, they don't know anymore than  we do -- less, when it comes to Grace...  This may not sound sensible or... logical,  but nobody's suggesting anything better.  I can't explain it, Robert. I just have  this feeling... this annoying... bloody  feeling that if... if, somehow, Pilgrim  can be made all right... then so can Grace.  I just know it! Robert can feel the strength of her will. He can find no around it.
59) 47) dialog: What if she doesn't want to go?
59) 49) dialog: And you think it's best if I don't come.
101) 0) text: Grace is on the phone with Robert. Annie is packing thing up. Grace is telling him about the day;
102) 0) text: Robert is burning the midnight oil in the study with file all around him.
102) 1) dialog: Hey... She sounds like she's doing  all right. How is she? Grace exits into the bathroom. Annie talks softly;
102) 4) dialog: Taking forever. I just got an additional  list of sixty-two employees to interview  before Monday. I don't know how I'm going  to do it.
102) 6) dialog: So, how are you doing in Marlboro  country? Is the magazine complaining at  all?
102) 8) dialog: When are you coming home?
102) 10) dialog: Well then... maybe I will take some  time... come visit.
102) 12) dialog: I miss you, Annie.
102) 14) dialog: Good night.
111) 0) text: INTERCUT: Robert, alone, in the vast apartment.
111) 1) dialog: I thought you guys were going to call  me.
111) 3) dialog: Oh well... branding will do that to you.
111) 5) dialog: Huh-huh. You?
111) 7) dialog: I wish I did. The sound of self-pity was so obvious for both of them, s Robert quickly re-groups, resorting to something he knows important to her;
111) 8) dialog: Well, uh the real reason I called,  actually, was to tell you I saw Lucy  at Jo-Jo's tonight and she seems very  worried.
111) 10) dialog: Apparently, Gottschalk's been seen around  town lunching with some very prominent  magazine editors. Lucy said she tried to  call you, but no one answered so she faxed  you the list of names. She said one of  them have contracts up fairly soon.
111) 12) dialog: Honey, I hope you're not endangering  your position. Listen, if you need to  come back and you want me to come take  over, for a while, I'll work it out. I  mean, the firm's got other lawyers, but  the magazine's got only one of you. After a day of hard work and simple pleasures, Annie begi succumb to old anxieties and pressures.
153) 0) text: Everyone is being introduced to Robert, as Grace hugs him from the side, never letting go of him. Frank, Diane -- w introduce their kids, then Tom and Robert shake hands...
153) 4) dialog: Hi. It's a pleasure. I'm very grateful  for the way you took in my girls here.  I bet you were surprised when they  just showed up out of nowhere.
153) 6) dialog: Well I uh... I can already see a change. (hugging Grace)
153) 7) text: And I'm very grateful to you. Robert is so sincere -- in that openly, modern, "express feelings" kind of way. Tom just nods.
153) 9) dialog: I know. Amazing.
153) 12) dialog: See you later! Tom just nods and keeps walking. Annie and Robert face ea other for a beat.
154) 0) text: In the distance, we see the pick-up truck parked out in t pasture. Tom is standing with Robert -- in jeans, now -- Grace, telling Robert about the ranch. Robert has his arm around Grace, asking questions, interested in everything. Grace is loving being with her two favorite men...
155) 0) text: Grace waits in the truck as Tom leads Robert through the and cowshit, climbs up and hops over a wood fence. Robert follows suit -- not as gracefully -- and gets a splinter.
157) 0) text: Tom continues his tour as the dogs run about them. Tom pa the dogs no attention, except to bark an order. Robert,  however, engages with them -- picking up a stick and thro it. A dog returns and gives it back. Robert kneels and be rubbing the dog's fur, talking to it, looking like an  anachronism in his baggy jeans with designer cowboy belt spanking new designer cowboy boots. Tom waits patiently for Robert, who... and carries on wit the dog a bit too long. When Robert gets up, he habituall brushes the dirt off his jeans, maybe even his boots, and makes sure his outfit is hanging properly.
158) 0) text: Grace is in the stall with Pilgrim. Once again, close eno to touch him, which he allows. Outside the stall, stand Robert and Tom. Robert squeezes splinter...
158) 1) dialog: I can't believe it's the same horse.
158) 3) dialog: How much longer do you think? Tom understands this man wants his family back.
158) 5) dialog: I understand...
159) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the table, eating, talking, lau Grace is right by her father's side. Frank's in the middl telling Robert:
160) 0) text: Everyone is outside enjoying the night after a long day. Diane and Annie are on the porch. Diane is showing Annie she does her needlepoint. Annie is genuinely interested. Tom and Frank and Robert are sitting out front. Grace is Robert's feet. Joe sits on the ground in front of his fat opposite Grace.
160) 2) dialog: I haven't been back in over twenty  years, but I wouldn't be surprised.  The population's larger.
160) 4) dialog: Uh, this was right after college. I  was in the Peace Corps.
160) 7) dialog: ... and I thought before I settled  into law school -- everybody knew that  was the plan -- I'd take this time for  myself. Grace rises to go to the Creek House.
160) 8) dialog: And I tell you, Frank, it was one of  the -- As Grace passes by, she stumbles a bit and Robert habitua rises to help, but Grace ignores him and rights herself,  continuing. Robert quickly sits back down, continuing.
160) 9) dialog: ... one of the uh... greatest times  of my life... I had experiences that,  I think, changed my outlook forever.  I came back a different person,  literally. Tom listens with great interest and respect. Back to Diane and Annie, who watch as Joe follows Grace.
160) 12) dialog: ... and I have no idea what he's  saying because I don't understand  Hindu... Everyone is listening, with big expectant smiles. Annie  watches -- having heard this story before. Her eyes gradu shift to Tom, who is enjoying the story.
160) 13) dialog: ... So, finally I'm trying to explain  to him that I'm allergic to wool and  would he please get his sheep out of  my car -- Laughter. Robert continues, giving a quick look to Annie who is looking at Tom... Robert lets it go, continuing hi story.
161) 0) text: Grace is asleep. Robert sits by her bed, lit by the moon  through a window. He stares at this creature he loves so  much. He rises and enters Annie's room.
161) 1) dialog: Tired? Annie shrugs. Robert looks at the bed. He teases.
161) 2) dialog: Small bed. Maybe I should sleep in  the barn.
161) 5) dialog: (smiles)
161) 8) dialog: I can see why you put your faith in  him. He's a genuine... good guy...  Good at what he does. That's rare. Annie nods. She tries to hide her discomfort. Robert sits the bed before her.
161) 9) dialog: You were right about coming here. I'm  sorry for not thinking...
161) 11) dialog: How are you feeling about work?
161) 13) dialog: I feel like I'm on a first date. Annie smiles sympathetically.
162) 0) text: Cars and pick-up trucks haphazardly parked along a dirt  road... Smoking open grill barbecues. Ranchers and famili move about the ranch, sit and eat at picnic tables with  gingham tablecloths... Some teenagers hanging around the  corral, talking. Diane and some other women, eating and  talking... Frank with a group of men, drinking beer, tell stories. A BAND has been set up by the barn. People are dancing un the harvest moon. Grace is dancing with Joe... Tom is dan with a local woman... Annie with a rancher... Everyone is having a good time... Robert is enjoying a smoke with some men. He looks over t the dance floor and smiles when he sees Grace and Joe. Joe and the Rancher trade place... Joe dances with Annie, Rancher with Grace... But Tom sees his chance and switche with the Rancher so that he can dance with Grace... She i thrilled and he guides her effortlessly across the floor. Joe and Annie are interrupted by another couple. Joe swit partners, but Annie smiles and excuses herself -- she wan rest. Robert continues talking with some of the men. He puts ou his smoke and looks over to the dance floor. He sees Grac dancing with Tom... His eyes search for Annie. He moves a from the men until he sees, from a distance; Annie, sitting by herself, amidst the crowd... No one wou notice her unless they were looking for her... But Robert -- and what he sees is Annie looking at Grace and Tom... only looking at Tom... Smiling to herself gently... Watch his every move. Suddenly, she rises and exits out of the to get some air.
164) 0) text: Tom and Grace continue dancing. She's in heaven. Robert  approaches and Tom quickly allows him to take over. Grace loves the attention from both men. As they dance off, Tom crosses the dance floor and is met by Hank's wife;
168) 0) text: There's a stillness. A sense of import. Annie, Robert, Fr Diane, Joe and Smokey, are all at various spots along the Grace stands inside the ring. Tom is standing beside Pilg in the middle of the ring. Pilgrim is bridled and saddled Tom adjusts he stirrup. He walks over to Grace...
168) 4) text: Sure. Tom puts his arms around her shoulders and walks out to  Pilgrim. The horse pricks up his ears as they approach. T motions Grace to stop a short distance from Pilgrim so as to crowd him. Tom walks over alone, reaching to gently ta hold of him. Holding him by the bridle, he puts his head  beside Pilgrim's, quietly speaking to him, soothing Pilgr neck with his other hand... Annie and Robert are fascinated. Anxious. Pilgrim never takes his eyes off Grace. Tom tries to ease forward. Pilgrim resists, lifting his head and looking at Grace so you can see the white at the top of his eye. Tom turns him away, walking him in circles, trying to calm hi He leads him back to Grace. Pilgrim tosses his head and  stomps his feet. Robert grows more anxious. Annie is calmer, more focused. Tom climbs up on him, riding him around the arena in an e lope. Grace watches them go round the ring. She looks at parents and tries to smile. They try as well. Tom dismounts and leads Pilgrim back to Grace. Pilgrim ba again, violently throwing his head, kicking... Grace's  shoulders slump, she presses her hands in her pockets,  fighting not to cry...
168) 22) dialog: Well maybe she shouldn't be here... Annie quickly turns to him and says with quick intensity:
171) 0) text: Robert takes an isolated hike up the mountain until he co upon a ridge overlooking an inspiring vista. We can tell  Robert is moved by the sight. Sweaty, tired, he find a pl to sit... to be still... and to consider his life.
172) 0) text: Frank's car is parked up for the trip to the airport that will take the Bookers to Branton, Missouri for Diane's  cousin's wedding... Grace, Annie and Robert are outside saying goodbye to the Bookers; Diane, the Twins... and Joe... Joe awkwardly sha her hand... then removes his hat and puts it on her head. Everyone laughs. They want to hug each other, but don't k if they would... Frank and Tom are packing the car...
172) 7) dialog: Same here, Mrs. Booker. Thank you  again for all your kindness.
173) 0) text: In the midst of packing, Annie has made dinner for Grace Robert. In the midst of eating, Robert asks:
173) 1) dialog: Shouldn't we have invited Tom over?
177) 0) text: Everything is being packed up. Robert is dressed for trav Annie is taping up the boxes containing her computer  equipment.
177) 2) dialog: Connecticut. I told the office I'd  work out of there next week. When are  you planning to start back?
177) 4) dialog: May I have a suggestion?
177) 6) dialog: Take your time.
177) 8) text: What do you mean? Annie looks up from the box to see Robert is calmly stari at her. His demeanor is different. Something's going on.
177) 10) dialog: I'll tell you something, Annie -- I  stood there looking at what was  happening to that horse... And, I  swear, it felt like the same thing  was happening to me.
177) 12) dialog: (continues)
177) 17) text: ... one way or the other. Annie cannot remember a time when she ever loved her husb more than in this moment -- knowing what it took for him say this. She would not disrespect it with denials. Her  throat is choked with tears, she swallows down. She nods. Robert nods, feeling both pride and heartbreak in the sam moment. He picks up his bag, kisses her goodbye and exits
178) 0) text: Annie and Robert walk towards the car to find Grace, lean against it -- looking depressed.
178) 5) text: Well... honey... you know... that's  just not his way. Maybe you can write  him a letter or something. Say thank  you... Don't think about it... You  take care and I'll see you home. She embraces Grace and, over her shoulder, watches Robert enter the car. Grace follows suit. The car drives off lea Annie alone at the Double Divide.
181) 0) text: Annie faces Pilgrim... she gently lifts her hand and care his face. He returns her gentleness. Annie is remembering Robert's words, her heart is heavy with conflict. She jok
205) 0) text: A much younger Annie waits, surrounded by luggage, as A D OPENS revealing a much younger, more vital, very handsome Robert:
205) 1) dialog: Yes?
205) 3) dialog: No. I am a "tubab."
205) 5) dialog: Tubab means white man. Annie is first surprised, then embarrassed but Robert see charming and his smile breaks into a laugh, that she just and laughs herself.
206) 0) text: Over a meal, Robert talks excitedly of his experiences. A is captivated.
207) 0) text: After Annie and Robert have made love, Robert sleeps with arms wrapped around Annie. She lies awake, feeling safe a loved.
209) 0) text: A car is driving up the driveway to the house. It stops. Robert and Grace get out as Annie exits from the front do She looks beautiful -- but in a completely different way ever before. There is a calm center to her. A softness an strength. She smiles and walks to meet them.
209) 7) dialog: Hi. They kiss as Grace watches.
209) 8) dialog: Was the trip okay?
209) 14) dialog: You want to take a walk with me?
209) 17) dialog: (smiles)