92) 0) text: Tom stands in the pen with Pilgrim. He looks to see Annie Grace approaching but makes no acknowledgement. He turns focus back to Pilgrim. Annie and Grace appear. Grace takes a position (that is t become her regular spot) a distance away from the pen. An moves in closer, beside SMOKEY (a ranch hand) with one le up on the pen fence.
92) 1) dialog: Howdy... (sees Grace)
92) 4) dialog: Trying to get his eye.
93) 0) text: Two hours later. Grace is in the same spot. Smokey is gon doing his work. Annie has taken a different position, loo over SEVERAL PAGES OF FAXES on her lap. Tom is still standing in the pen trying to get Pilgrim's Joe has joined the proceedings, sitting on the pen rail. Tom deftly throws a hoolihan, gently lassoing Pilgrim aro the neck. And Pilgrim, at the touch of the rope, crazed,  resists, pulling back, striking at the rope... The rope  cutting into Tom's hands. Tom gives him some slack, givin his head, letting him relax... then gently heads him by t rope, walking him around the pen, getting his feet to mov Grace's eyes never leave Tom.
95) 0) text: Pilgrim, his scarred head above water, legs moving in odd sycopation, swimming. We discover he is in a pond, tether to a pole... Except for the sound of his legs in the wate everything is quiet and focused on Pilgrim. SMOKEY, holds the pole, walking on the outside of the pon leading Pilgrim back and forth as he swims. Tom, crouched the pond, silently concentrating on Pilgrim... Grace watches, off by herself... Annie stands beside Joe. can't help but be intrigued by the sight. She asks Joe;
95) 8) dialog: He don't really want to run. Don't  know where he's going. All this open  space scares the daylight out of him. Confused, Pilgrim stops running and walks, in no particul direction.
95) 9) dialog: My guess is he's spent his life in a  six-by-eight stall... He's forgot what  it's like to be a horse... Smokey ambles off and she turns back to see Tom crouching his haunches, sitting in the grass, just waiting. Pilgrim walks back towards the ranch, stops a distance from Tom,  looks at him... Annie, needing to know exactly what's goi on, crosses down the hill to him.
107) 0) text: The ranch is colored in amber light. Near the house, two long tables pushed together to make o long one... A gentle breeze ruffles the tablecloth. Every is seated for a meal. We hear laughter and conversation.. parachute into the middle of the moments; -- Hank helping with his wife get to their three children sit still for dinner... -- Diane organizing the women and their various plates of dishes... -- The Ranch Hand piling up their plates and kidding each other... -- Joe is instructing Grace on the various sauces for the ribs. The Twins are making fun of him behind his back. -- Tom and Smokey are barbecuing, the last one to sit. -- Frank assists his frail mother, ELLEN BOOKER, at the t filling her plate with all the things she can't reach for
147) 0) text: Frank and Diane, with the Twins, dogs at their heels, rid front of the herd. Behind them, Joe riding alongside Grac Smokey and some Hands ride among the herd, keeping them m And riding behind the herd are Annie and Tom...
168) 0) text: There's a stillness. A sense of import. Annie, Robert, Fr Diane, Joe and Smokey, are all at various spots along the Grace stands inside the ring. Tom is standing beside Pilg in the middle of the ring. Pilgrim is bridled and saddled Tom adjusts he stirrup. He walks over to Grace...
168) 15) text: He's trying to get him to go down  on his knees... Pilgrim fights. Tom pulls on the rope. Pilgrim, slowly,  begrudgingly, gives ground. Tom, brings him to his knees, but it is short lived. Pilgrim is muscling his way back t his feet. Tom pulls him down to his knees again. Pilgrim, fighting with every bit of strength, slowly gets to his f again. But the pressure Tom is putting on the saddle is t strong and relentless and finally Pilgrim goes down on hi knees and stays down. Yet Tom keeps the pressure on... To shouts to Smokey.