29) 0) text: Annie is playing with toddler Grace. Chasing her around t room. Picking her and tossing her onto a small, toddler b Blowing into her stomach. Grace is laughing uncontrollabl
52) 3) dialog: Hey, Rona. Sorry I'm late.
52) 5) dialog: You're looking fit.
52) 8) dialog: If it's not too much trouble, I thought  I might.
52) 11) dialog: Oh-oh... Maybe I better get back in the  truck. Rona lets out a hearty laugh as they enter the horse aren
53) 0) text: Inside the corral, a small black thoroughbred is being wo by Tom. As he rides and narrates into a radio microphone the crowd, we sense this is a man of good humor and great skill --  guileless, sensible, of the earth.
53) 1) dialog: ... It's always kind of interesting to  hear the horse's side of the story... The crowd laughs warmly. He directs his comments to a WOM wearing an expensive Ralph Lauren western outfit, standin outside the corral...
53) 2) dialog: Now if he was cranky or lazy, like you  say he is, we'd be seeing his tail  twitching there and his ears back,  maybe. But this isn't a cranky horse,  it's a scared horse. You see how braced  he is up around the neck back there.  He just doesn't know which way to turn... The Woman nods. Tom turns the horse on a dime so that he  always stays facing the circling thoroughbred...
53) 3) dialog: You see how he keeps pointing his  hindquarters in at me? Well, I'd guess  the reason he seems reluctant to move  out is because when he does, he gets in  trouble for it.
53) 5) dialog: (smiles)
53) 8) dialog: And then he goes and you feel like he's  going too fast, so you yank him back? (she nods)
53) 11) dialog: It's a dance, see... Somebody has to lead  and somebody has to follow. Tom gracefully moves his horse around the ring, "dancing" then takes up a long coiled rope and throws it so that th coils slap against the black horse's flank, making it bur into a lope. And again... Making the animal go from a tro a lope, letting it slow, then up to a lope again.
53) 12) dialog: I want him to get so he can leave real  soft. He's getting the idea now. He's  not all braced up and tense like he was  at the start. He's finding out it's okay. He throws the rope again and this time the transition to lope is a smooth one.
53) 13) dialog: You see that? He's getting better  already. Pretty soon, if you work at  it, you'll be able to make all these  transitions easy on a loose rein. (sotto voce, wry)
53) 16) dialog: Look, the truth is it's all about self- preservation. These animals. (with great affection)
53) 17) text: ... well, they just have such big hearts,  you know? There's nothing they want more  than to do what you want them to do. But  when the messages get all confused, the  only thing they know to do is try and  save themselves... Now, why don't you go  saddle up and see what happens. Feeling better, and not a little attracted to his heartfe man's man, the Woman smiles and reaches for his hand to c over the rail. Her horse lets her come right up to him an stroke his neck. Tom comments;
53) 18) dialog: They won't ever hold a thing against  you. They're the most forgiving  creatures God ever made. Turning on his mike and turning back to the crowd, he say
53) 19) dialog: Okay, who's next? A Young Boy leads a mule into the ring. Tom smiles:
53) 20) dialog: Now God has another idea entirely with  the mule.
54) 0) text: Tom has finished his "show." People are shaking his hand, thanking him, as he walks away from the corral, towards a trailer. The Woman in the Ralph Lauren approaches:
54) 3) dialog: Well, that'll happen.
54) 5) dialog: What stuff is that?
54) 7) dialog: (getting the message)
54) 10) dialog: Well, if the rider's nuts, the horse  bolts. (smiles)
55) 0) text: A small, well-used trailer. Tom and Rona are finishing di like comfortable old friends. Rona rises, taking the plat into the kitchen and starts rinsing them:
55) 2) dialog: I don't any woman in New York. But from  what I hear, most of them are wound up.
55) 5) dialog: How long were you married?
55) 7) dialog: You ever miss it?
55) 9) dialog: Sometimes. She chuckles, shuts the water off and crosses back to him sitting beside him.
55) 11) dialog: You know, Rona, we weren't all that good  together even when we were good together.
57) 0) text: An endless sky. An empty ribbon of two-lane highway in Ut A small roadside station. Tom's pick-up truck, his horse  trailer hitched to it, getting gas. Tom is on the pay phone. We hear Annie's voice:
57) 2) dialog: Yeah. Hello. This is Tom Booker. I got a  message you called. INTERCUT ANNIE in her office:
57) 4) text: Oh! Yes. Thank you for calling back. Uh,  all right, let me try to explain my  situation as briefly as possible... You  see, my daughter had an accident with  her horse... They were both injured and  she, my daughter, she hasn't been able  to... fully... uh... It was an extremely  traumatic experience... and uh... Tom, sensing her turmoil, listening compassionately.
57) 6) dialog: Well, see, truth is, ma'am, I help horses  with people's problems.
57) 9) dialog: Ma'am, I'm very sorry about your problems  and I appreciate what your daughter must  be going through, but I'm afraid you've  misunderstood whatever it is you read. I  don't do that sort of thing.
57) 11) dialog: Look, even if it was nearer, that's just  not what I do. I give clinics. And I'm  not even doing them for a while. I'm  heading back to Montana right now. I got  a ranch to take care of...
57) 14) dialog: (getting impatient)
57) 15) text: Ma'am, first class to Montana is a waste  of good money. Now, am I being too polite  here or when I say NO in Utah, does that  mean YES in New York City? Annie is taken aback. Tom feels badly.
57) 16) dialog: I, I don't mean to sound insensitive. I  understand your situation. But there's  nothing I can do. You just called the  wrong person, that's all. I hear there  are a bunch of therapists in New York.  Maybe you should call one of them.
57) 18) dialog: I am very sorry, ma'am. Goodbye now. He hangs up before Annie can continue.
65) 2) text: We have to get up early tomorrow. You  may not have enough time to --
79) 0) text: Annie, showered and changed, is trying to follow Mr.  Peterson's directions to Tom's ranch -- written on Peters motel stationary. She is lost once again.
82) 0) text: Men are working in the corral, saddle horses standing nea trying to get a sick calf to suckle a cow. One of the men Tom Booker, working along side his brother FRANK, and his nephew, JOE. Frank is a good man -- solid work ethic,  Christian fearing, wry sense of humor. With the build of football player, his strength never overwhelms his boyish good-natured heart. Joe is eleven, wearing his cowboy hat like a badge of honor. The three men seem as inseparable each other, as they are to the land. As they work:
82) 8) dialog: Yeah, I hear about that.
82) 10) dialog: Well, Joe, I'll tell ya -- I don't know  a whole lot about geese. Maybe it's okay  for them to grow up thinking they're  airplanes. But horses, as far as I can  tell, can't fly. Frank laughs. Joe smirks as Tom messes his hat up. There' sound of a car. They turn. The Suburban is coming over the ridge, heading down the  driveway in a cloud of dust.
82) 12) dialog: I don't believe it.
82) 16) dialog: Plenty of signs -- just none of them  printed. Who do I get the idea you're  not just passing through!
82) 18) dialog: Were you thinking of personally driving  me back East?
82) 20) dialog: You mean you hauled him all the way out  here? Just like that?
82) 23) dialog: All by yourself? She nods. Tom cannot help be impressed by her guts and fo Camera cuts away for a moment to a window in the ranch ho through which DIANE -- Frank's fiery, loyal pioneer wife looks at the duo with suspicion.
82) 24) dialog: I uh... ha, ha... I don't think I ever  met a lady quite like yourself and I  appreciate all the pains you've gone  through to --
82) 27) text: -- mountains. Just take a look at him.  If you still feel the same way, I'll  be on the road by morning and you'll  never see me again. OK? Deal? Tom tries to hide a smile of respect. Annie, thinking she have him, starts backing away towards her car -- as one w a dangerous animal they think they might have tamed...
83) 0) text: Tom walks up some wooden steps to a door and knocks. He h a TV on inside. And Grace's Voice:
83) 3) dialog: Uh, I'm Tom Booker. Your mother  around? Grace hops to the side as Tom walks by her, into the room Grace is closing the door as he turns to see, for the fir time, that Grace is one leg.
83) 5) dialog: First time in Montana? Grace, rudely nods, still looking at the TV. Beat. Tom doesn't like her manner, but can easily see thr it. He sits.
83) 6) dialog: She gonna be long?
83) 8) dialog: What does she do?
83) 10) dialog: Mmm. An editor.
83) 13) dialog: Uh, no. I was gonna take a look now.
83) 15) dialog: Doesn't matter.
83) 17) dialog: Probably best she stays behind, anyway. He disappears. Annie gives Grace a final look and exits, Alone, Grace flings her body across the bed, reaching for prosthetic -- putting it on feverishly. She is completely intrigued by Tom.
84) 0) text: Tom stands alone at the stable. Opening the bottom door,  ducking under the stall, he goes inside.
84) 1) dialog: Okay now... Okay now... Walking towards him, Tom raises his hand, showing Pilgrim sign of respect, of trust... He quietly makes his way alo Pilgrim's side, along his flank, prompting Pilgrim to mov out from the shadows, into the light. Tom moves to look a him. And Pilgrim suddenly kicks out at him. Tom, not cowe stands his ground. He bends, looking at Pilgrim's withere legs. He looks up at his scarred head. He looks into the  pools of the horse's tortured eyes. Pilgrim stands still allowing Tom this brief intimacy. As Grace walks towards the stable, she realizes that the is open and Tom must be inside. She is amazed. Annie, appearing behind her, is also impressed. Tom exits the stable and sees them, as he closes the door
84) 3) dialog: I have to be honest. I still feel  you made a long trip for nothing. He looks at Annie. Annie has no more words -- just an eve present pleading in her face. Tom watches as Grace makes a small, naked movement -- put her hand on her cheek, like a hurt child. He can't help but see these three being connected by one
84) 4) dialog: But before I even think about it, I  need to know something here and now.  It's a question for Grace here. Grace stiffens.
84) 5) dialog: When I work with a horse, it's no good  just me doing it. It doesn't work that  way. The owner needs to be involved too.
84) 7) dialog: You can make it as complicated or as  easy as you like. But she's the one  who's gonna be riding him, am I right?  So here's the deal. I'm not sure I can  do anything, but I'm prepared to give  it a go -- (to Grace)
84) 11) dialog: Not to me. Either you want to or you  don't.
84) 13) dialog: Excuse me, with all due respect, but  this is her decision, not yours. And I  don't want to waste anybody's time --  mostly mine. Grace reacts anew to Tom's remark. She likes her mother b dis-empowered. Annie keenly understands the importance of putting it this way to Grace. Grace has all eyes on her - just what she wants. All waiting for her response. She tu away, flicks her head and says:
84) 15) dialog: Not good enough. I can't help you. He starts walking away. Annie doesn't know what to do. Gr mumbles.
85) 0) text: Frank, Tom, Joe and TOM TWIN BOYS, 6 years old, sit at a table eating dinner, as Diane serves. We parachute into t middle of the conversation:
85) 7) dialog: I don't believe they'll expect that.
85) 12) text: I believe women from New York eat mixed  salads. Ain't that right, Tom? Tom hides a grin -- he knows Frank into teasing her now.
85) 13) dialog: I believe so. Saw it on a television  show, once.
85) 17) dialog: If the weather holds. Frank nods. Silence again. Everyone eats. Beat.
85) 20) text: We're not sure, sweetheart, but they  eat like rabbits. Tom and Frank chuckle. Diane smiles -- in on the joke wit them. The children are curiously confused.
87) 0) text: Diane is in her bathrobe doing bills at the kitchen table she listens to a BOOK OF TAPE. Her hand on her forehead, other hand writing. Tom enters to take his hat off the  sideboard. He moves to the table and reaches over for a  cookie from a plate of cookies. Without looking up, Diane slaps his hand. Tom then pours himself a cup of coffee... swiftly sneaks his hand back and grabs a cookie. Diane sm Tom exits. It is only then that Diane looks up after him.
88) 0) text: Camera follows Tom towards his bedroom --  passing the ot Perhaps we see Frank sprawled out asleep already in his  underwear. We might see the Twins in their bunks. One of Twins' lower torso is laying outside of the blanket. He  casually flips the blanket over the kid's bare feet and  continues to his room.
89) 0) text: Tom enters and closes the door. Turns on a stereo which p a cello piece by Yo-Yo Ma. Books fills his room. He sits his desk, puts on eye glasses and looks through some pape Suddenly he stops, looking over the paperwork, into space thought passes by. We don't know what.
90) 0) text: First light of day. Pilgrim stands stock still in the mid of the corral. Tom, motionless, is crouched on his haunch in the corral -- watching him. TOM'S POV: As Pilgrim moves, he can see that the horse is stove up. He softly tosses a handful of dirt at Pilgrim's withered  legs... Pilgrim, sensitive to the slightest provocation,  bucks, wheeling away from him. Then stops. Tom sits on hi haunches again... and watches him. Frank appears, exiting from the barn (perhaps).
90) 2) dialog: Yeah. Tom leaves Pilgrim, hooking up with Frank -- the two brot go off, discussing the ranch work that is ahead of them.
91) 0) text: Annie and Grace arrive in the Suburban. They exit. As the head towards the ranch, they see in the distance: Pilgrim standing along the fence of a round pen. Tom stan in the pen, holding a rope, looking at Pilgrim.
92) 0) text: Tom stands in the pen with Pilgrim. He looks to see Annie Grace approaching but makes no acknowledgement. He turns focus back to Pilgrim. Annie and Grace appear. Grace takes a position (that is t become her regular spot) a distance away from the pen. An moves in closer, beside SMOKEY (a ranch hand) with one le up on the pen fence.
92) 2) text: Howdy. He and Annie watch as Tom stands before Pilgrim -- turnin sideways... then standing...
93) 0) text: Two hours later. Grace is in the same spot. Smokey is gon doing his work. Annie has taken a different position, loo over SEVERAL PAGES OF FAXES on her lap. Tom is still standing in the pen trying to get Pilgrim's Joe has joined the proceedings, sitting on the pen rail. Tom deftly throws a hoolihan, gently lassoing Pilgrim aro the neck. And Pilgrim, at the touch of the rope, crazed,  resists, pulling back, striking at the rope... The rope  cutting into Tom's hands. Tom gives him some slack, givin his head, letting him relax... then gently heads him by t rope, walking him around the pen, getting his feet to mov Grace's eyes never leave Tom.
94) 0) text: Tom, off in the distance -- against a sky that seems to b touching the land -- is riding along a creek. Closer up, see he's rustling the bushes with a stick. Some stray cow run out of the bushes. Tom races after them. His horse  shepherds the cow across the creek and up a hillside. At the top of the hill, with the ranch spread out endless before him, Tom sees Frank on his horse, chasing strays. whistles. Frank waves back. In the near distance, a picku truck is parked on the range. Joe and the TWINS are throwing food pellets out of the ba of the truck. Cattle come from across the range for the f What begins as a handful of cows becomes dozens, then  hundreds -- the truck virtually disappearing among them. Tom stops for a moment to look out at his ranch. Far off the distance, he sees Annie's Suburban coming along the r to the ranch. He watches as Annie's distant figure gets o of the car with Grace. Annie instinctively turns and look across the land. Even though there is such a distance,  there's a sense Tom and Annie are looking at each other. Tom senses Joe driving Frank's truck, slowly moving off t range -- the Twins in the back, the cattle following. Tom on his horse atop the hill.
95) 0) text: Pilgrim, his scarred head above water, legs moving in odd sycopation, swimming. We discover he is in a pond, tether to a pole... Except for the sound of his legs in the wate everything is quiet and focused on Pilgrim. SMOKEY, holds the pole, walking on the outside of the pon leading Pilgrim back and forth as he swims. Tom, crouched the pond, silently concentrating on Pilgrim... Grace watches, off by herself... Annie stands beside Joe. can't help but be intrigued by the sight. She asks Joe;
95) 5) dialog: 
96) 0) text: Tom is still sitting in the grass, just where we left him waiting patiently. Pilgrim is still out in the pasture.
97) 0) text: Afternoon shadows cross the ranch. Tom is in the exact sa spot and position. Pilgrim is somewhat closer -- but stil a distance -- watching him. Frank rides back from work. As he passes Tom, the two nod if nothing usually is going on. Frank rides up to the bar
99) 0) text: The sky is changing colors, the temperature has dropped. is still sitting in the grass, although someone has broug him a blanket for his shoulders. Pilgrim is in the pastur but now -- he too is motionless, looking back at Tom. The sound of a car makes Tom turn to see Annie driving up She gets out, stands by the car with a proprietary air,  watching Tom and Pilgrim. Grace remains in the car. There sound. She turns to see Diane coming out of the house...
99) 7) dialog: From now on, leave your phone  somewhere else... As he moves past her, Annie responds;
99) 9) dialog: Then drop off Grace in the morning,  go on back and do your business.  Come pick her up around dinner. Standing there, Annie has the impulse to respond to this  suggestion, but has no idea what to say and saying it wou make much sense since Tom is already out of ear shot. Diane appears from the house and calls out:
100) 7) dialog: We should be fine, then. Beat. Annie and Grace listen...
100) 10) dialog: They don't get burned by the sun bouncing  off the snow. And they're good mother.
100) 21) text: You know, Tom, while you're working on  that horse of theirs, Annie and Grace  should move into the old Creek house. Diane and Tom react accordingly; Diane hiding her annoyan Tom hiding his surprise and pleasure.
100) 28) dialog: I don't have a problem with that. It's up  to Annie.
100) 30) dialog: That's up to Pilgrim. Everyone waits on Annie's answer as she considers this.
105) 0) text: A cloud of dust. A dozen or so horses are running in an a by the stables. Tom is riding among them, holding a long with an orange flag at the end of it, waving it at the yo horses, making them run away from him. The colts stay clo together. One of the horses, PILGRIM, stays at a distance to himself. Grace watches from along the railing. She alternates her  attention from the horses... to Tom.
105) 1) dialog: What we're doing here, Grace, is  trying to get him to learn how to  be a horse again. He cracks the flag, the horses move together...
105) 2) dialog: The others already know, see. That's  how they are in the wild -- herd  animals... (cracks the flag)
105) 3) text: ...When they've got a problem, like  they have now with me and this flag,  they look to each other. But old  Pilgrim there has forgotten. I'm the  rock and they're the hard place. He  thinks he hasn't got a friend in the  whole wild world... C.U. on GRACE, who clearly feels the same way... but want desperately not to. She watches him ride off towards Pilg who has stopped like all the others at the far end of the ring. He stands by himself, tossing his head, snorting, n wanting to be around other horses. Tom cracks the flag,  keeping them moving. Pilgrim does his own private dance. Tom rides by Grace and hands her the stick;
105) 4) dialog: Hold this for a minute... Grace stiffens. She doesn't want to, but she's afraid to "No" to Tom. He just insists by tossing it to her...
105) 5) dialog: Hold onto it, go on... She's forced to catch it. He turns and rides away, chasin down Pilgrim, trying to edge him toward the herd. For a  moment, he has him breaking to the left with the horses. as soon as he's clear of Tom, he separates himself and co to stop on his own. Tom rides back to Grace, taking back the flag.
105) 6) dialog: We'll get there, Grace. As he says this, he flashes a small, reassuring smile and little wink. Grace melts just a little. As he rides away. Annie appears, having come from the Creek House. She call
105) 8) dialog: Hello, Annie... Annie notices how he says her name.
105) 17) dialog: You know, we're branding here  tomorrow. If you two want to come  by to watch or give a hand, you're  welcome.
105) 20) text: I haven't branded in years. Tom chuckles.
105) 23) dialog: As long as you don't get in the way of  the branding iron, it doesn't matter too  much. Annie smiles. She turns to Grace, questioningly. Grace sa matter-of-factly, to prove her point.
105) 26) dialog: Hey, Grace -- maybe we can get your  mom to put me and you branding on the  cover of her magazine. Start a whole  new fashion craze. They continue walking as Grace smiles, enjoying being sin out for his joke. Annie responds, almost flirtatiously.
106) 0) text: The air smells of scorched flesh. There is nothing but NO Calves, separated from their mothers, "cry." They are mov out through a series of connected pens into a narrow chut and then one by one into a holding pen. They're clamped a lowered sideways onto a table and given a shot, a yellow  insect tag in one ear, branded, then sent back to their  mother's. The bulls, in a pen by themselves, stand haught paying no attention. Frank helps "doctor" the calves. Joe brands. Annie and Grace are standing by the railing, watching wit mixture of fascination and disgust. Tom moves in the feeder pen, waist deep in calves, moving through the chute. He looks to Annie.
106) 1) dialog: Hey, over there, you want to make  yourself useful? It isn't a question.
106) 2) dialog: Hank, I got you a volunteer! Annie and Grace realize they have no choice.
106) 18) dialog: That's good... firm but gentle... (Grace opens her eyes)
106) 20) dialog: You handled that pretty well. Think  it's time you earn your keep around  here. So, when we're not working  and when you don't have your therapy,  I'd like you to help out with the  horses... Rubbing them, cleaning up  the stalls... You think you can  handle that? Grace knows him well enough to know;
106) 22) dialog: You're catching on. Grace smiles. -- Annie turns and, not looking where she's doing, trips a calf, falling down. And calves, coming down the chute,  start to run towards her. Suddenly, Tom grabs her by the and pulls her to safety. He helps her up and dusts her of
106) 23) dialog: (not wanting to smile,  but...)
107) 0) text: The ranch is colored in amber light. Near the house, two long tables pushed together to make o long one... A gentle breeze ruffles the tablecloth. Every is seated for a meal. We hear laughter and conversation.. parachute into the middle of the moments; -- Hank helping with his wife get to their three children sit still for dinner... -- Diane organizing the women and their various plates of dishes... -- The Ranch Hand piling up their plates and kidding each other... -- Joe is instructing Grace on the various sauces for the ribs. The Twins are making fun of him behind his back. -- Tom and Smokey are barbecuing, the last one to sit. -- Frank assists his frail mother, ELLEN BOOKER, at the t filling her plate with all the things she can't reach for
107) 27) dialog: (raising his beer)
108) 6) text: Frank and Tom's mother and father...  there's little Frank and Tom...
108) 13) text: Tom and Frank, on either side to Ellen, are escorting her a car that will drive her home.
109) 4) dialog: All right, al right. Hold out your  finger. Annie takes a seat nearby and watches as Tom holds out th first finger of his right hand. The Twins holds out his. splits his focus between Annie and the Twins as he takes small piece of rope out of his back pocket. He ties the e together making a loop. He puts the loop over the Twin's  finger. And holding the other end of the loop taut with h left hand, he draws one side of the cord over the other w the middle finger of his right hand. Then he rolls his ha over so it's under the loop, and back over it again, so t his finger is tip to tip with the Twin's. The loop seemin knotted around their touching fingertips, and can only be removed if their touch is broken.
109) 5) dialog: The loop's knotted, right. (Twins nod)
109) 9) dialog: Oh, no. No, no. I only fall for that  once. Go inside now before your mother  starts hunting you down. Go on. The Twins exit. Annie and Tom make eye contact.
109) 10) dialog: (smiles, relaxes back)
109) 13) dialog: You got too much sun today...  Here... He takes his jacket and puts it around her shoulders.
109) 16) dialog: You ever just stand still for a  minute?
109) 18) text: You know, sometimes, I get the feeling,  Mr. Booker, that you're laughing at me.  Why is that? Tom shrugs. Annie waits a beat, then:
109) 20) dialog: Oh, I see, you write both sides of the  conversation?
109) 22) dialog: Well, maybe I am laughing a bit... I  just thought, as long as you're here,  it would be nice for you to relax into  the place a little.
109) 25) dialog: What's that to miss?
109) 27) dialog: (thinks, teasing a bit)
109) 31) dialog: When I was first married.
109) 33) text: You were married to a woman in  Chicago? Tom likes disturbing her picture of him as the predictabl cowboy. He smiles;
109) 34) dialog: I once heard Itzhak Perlman guest star  with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.  He played Rachmaninov's Vocalize Opus 34.  No. 14. It was one of the most beautiful  pieces of music I ever heard. I actually  forgot where I was for a time. (Annie is floored)
109) 38) dialog: Just who's been laughing at who here? Tom says this with a wry smile. Annie returns with a smil as an understanding is reached between them: they've both stereotyped the other. They are both pleased -- and attra by what they don't know.
112) 0) text: Annie is awake reading the faxes Lucy sent. One after oth As she flips through them, one falls to the floor near th She gets down on all fours to retrieve and sees something under the bed. AN OLD, BATTERED CELLO CASE. She pulls it to find the initials R.B. carved on the top. She opens it find papers, receipts, bills -- all from Tom's married li
113) 0) text: Tom rides a young colt along the creek. He hears footstep He turns and sees Annie running along the creek on the ot side. He stops to watch. When his horse SNORTS, Annie loo up to see him. She stops. He tips his hat to her.
113) 2) dialog: A jogger, huh?
113) 4) dialog: Lucky for you. The grizzlies around  here only go for joggers.
113) 6) dialog: (smiles)
113) 11) dialog: Sorry about that. I thought everything  got cleared out. R.B. is my wife...  ex-wife... Rachel. We used to live in  that house  together.
113) 13) dialog: I thought you were an editor, not a  reporter? Annie smiles and nods, realizing she's asking too many qu She tries to casually reach out to touch the horse's head it's too abrupt and the horse tosses his head away, takin couple of steps back. Annie is embarrassed.
113) 15) dialog: It's all right. He's young. Just hold  out your hand a little lower so he can  get the smell of you.
113) 18) dialog: Why don't you ride anymore? Grace told  me you used to ride when she was  younger.
113) 23) dialog: Just polite. Well, maybe you'd like  to try riding again, some time before  you go home. Annie is struck by the words "before you go home." Tom am off on his horse.
113) 24) dialog: Enjoy the day.
113) 27) dialog: Need a lift?
115) 0) text: Pilgrim bursts out of a chute and into the riding arena. runs to the far end and abruptly stops. Tom is holding th orange flagstick, and coiled rope, coming through a gate  into the arena, crossing to the middle of the ring. Somet in his demeanor tells us that fun and game are over. Pilgrim and Tom stand there, motionless, eyeing each othe Pilgrim snorts and takes a few, small steps backward. Tom takes a beat, then starts slowly towards Pilgrim, lifting flag and "cracking" it. At the sound, Pilgrim whirls away him and runs, around the arena. He starts to slow, lookin Tom. Again, Tom cracks the flag and Pilgrim runs, round a round the arena... like a ringmaster, Tom keeps Pilgrim  moving, cracking the flag. Something about Tom's demeanor tells us it isn't going we
116) 0) text: Tom, carrying a saddle, comes around the side of the barn Through the slats, he sees Grace working in the barn,  watering a horse. She has stopped and is looking through cracks of Pilgrim's stall at him. She turns and sees Tom  through the slats. She goes back to work as Tom comes to barn door.
116) 1) dialog: Come and take a ride with me.
117) 1) dialog: Can you drive?
117) 3) dialog: It's never too soon to start. He enters the passenger side.
117) 5) dialog: I don't have all day. She hesitates and gets into the truck.
118) 1) dialog: Put the key in and turn it. (Grace obeys)
118) 4) dialog: Well, there's only one way to find out. (puts truck in gear)
118) 6) dialog: Well, we know you can. Now you just  got to feel how much. Try it again. She does. They slowly, very slowly, move along the dirt r
118) 7) dialog: Nice, real nice. There's a little  road down at the end here, turn onto  it. Grace badly oversteers, but makes the turn. She drives al the road, across a pasture, heading toward distant mounta
118) 8) dialog: Just follow this. Nothing to it. I'm  going to shut my eyes here for a  little while. Just keep going till  you run out of road.
118) 11) dialog: Not a question of if you can -- you  are. Just keep your eyes on the road  and your foot on the pedal and the  rest will take care of yourself. Folding his arms over his chest, shutting his eyes, Tom  relaxes back. Grace locks her hand on the steering wheel her eyes straight ahead...
119) 0) text: The truck is parked at the foot of a mountain. Grace, ver pleased with herself, sits beside Tom on the cab's roof,  looking around them at the great Montana. After a beat;
119) 1) dialog: Where did you get Pilgrim from?
119) 3) dialog: That must have been pretty special. Grace nods. It is a pleasant memory. He motions for her t quiet. An old ELK with a prodigious rack of antlers, has down out of the mountains. Seeing them, he stops in his  tracks, dead still. They watch each other. Then the elk t and runs back up into the mountains. Tom smiles at Grace smiles back -- partly because of the elk, partly because alone with Tom.
119) 5) dialog: (thinks)
119) 7) text: What went on out there, Grace? With  Pilgrim? Grace doesn't say anything. Tom nods then;
119) 8) dialog: You see, Grace, I've got a problem.  When I'm working with a horse, I like  to know its history. Now, most times,  the horse can tell you pretty much the  whole story, but sometimes he can be  so messed up in his head that you need  more to go on. You need to know exactly  what went wrong. Often times, it's the  obvious thing, but something that went  wrong just before that, maybe even some  little thing... Grace is quiet. She doesn't want to think about that.
119) 9) dialog: It's like if I'm driving and run into  a tree. When somebody asks me, "Well,  what happened?", I don't say, "Well,  I plowed into a tree." I'd say, "The  sun was in my eyes." or "I skidded." or  "I took my mind off the road for a  second." See what I mean? (Grace nods)
119) 10) text: I don't know how you feel about talking  about it and I can understand you might  not want to. But if I'm going to figure  out what's going on in his head, it'd  sure help if I knew exactly what  happened that day. Grace looks away. Tom smiles and gently puts his arm arou her shoulders, which has a soothing effect on Grace -- ma her feel safe...
119) 11) dialog: Not today -- whenever you feel like it.  I leave it up to you. Grace looks into Tom's eyes, wanting so much to unburden to him and have him make everything all right. She nods.
120) 0) text: Tom is making his way to the house at the end of the day, he stops and looks over to the Creek house -- POV -- the lights are on. And he can see Annie, exhausted approving pages, talking on the phone and faxing all  simultaneously. He gets an idea.
121) 0) text: Annie sits on the porch of the creek house, with a guilt herself, sipping coffee and deep in thought. She looks up see: Tom riding towards the house on his horse, leading anothe horse behind him. He looks to her and smiles.
121) 2) text: Oh-oh. Tom reaches the house as Annie rises.
121) 4) dialog: You haven't heard the question yet. Truth  is, you'd be doing me a favor. I got all  these eager young colts need riding and  poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of  left out...
121) 6) dialog: He'd be grateful, he'd take real good  care with you.
121) 8) dialog: No, ma'am, I'm afraid that's extra. She gives him a crooked smile.
122) 0) text: Annie, in Levis and a jacket, rides Rimrock beside Tom ac the pasture. We overhear them in the midst of talking.
122) 1) dialog: Relax our center... It's just sitting  in a bucket.
122) 3) dialog: OK. I'll stop talking then. He rides a few steps ahead as Annie realizes she doesn't  remember. She just went into automatic "I don't have to b told anything" mode.
122) 5) dialog: Well, he don't know that. Just sit the  horse. (watches her ride)
122) 8) dialog: Feel good?
122) 10) dialog: You look all right. You want to pick  it up a little?
122) 13) dialog: Watch your reins, he'll go with you,  give him some room, let him do the  work. Relax, don't grab him with  your thighs, just so long as he can  feel your body. Annie responds to every suggestion without resistance. An she experiences this sense of pleasure -- this great anim beneath her, the physicality and the surrender of letting someone else lead...
122) 14) dialog: You want to let it go some more? She begins to let herself go, losing herself in the exper She just nods... Tom breaks into a full gallop... Annie f suit... She lets everything go -- her job, her marriage,  motherhood, guilt, anxiety... all of it. Her only focus i horse beneath her, and the man on the horse leading her..
124) 4) dialog: Lift your leg. Annie complies once she realizes what he's doing.
124) 6) dialog: Five years. My son was born here.
124) 9) dialog: Yeah. I haven't seen him in a while. He  used to come to the ranch over summers,  but then he started having friends and  was going off to college, so... Good boy.  Hal. Lives in New York near his mom.
124) 11) dialog: College. In Illinois. She was playing  the cello. I hadn't heard cello music  growing up. She had the reddest hair,  the bluest eyes. When she played, it  was... Tom can't find a beautiful enough word. But Annie underst
124) 12) dialog: She was the most beautiful thing I'd  ever seen. Annie sees Tom as if with new eyes -- his love for this w he lost.
124) 14) dialog: She was never really happy here. She did  the best she could. Annie looks at him and for the first time senses a kinshi an understanding they both have of being torn between two worlds... a desire for home...
124) 15) dialog: Grace told me you have a country house  in Connecticut. Sounds like a beautiful  place.
124) 17) dialog: Ever think of moving there full time?
124) 19) dialog: I hear that! See, I knew she was never  going to be a ranchest, but I wanted  to try -- I thought maybe she'd give  music lessons to the kids in town or at  the school, maybe even recitals. My son  would grow up here. Maybe have one or  two more. I'd teach 'em what I could.  They'd play with my brother's kids. All  grow up together. And even if they all  decided to go out into the world, they'd  always know where home was -- cause we'd  keep it for 'em...
124) 21) dialog: Yeah, I think it is. And I don't mean  everybody's got to be married, have kids -- It's more like, knowing where you're  from, where you belong, what feeds you,  where you can go no matter what happens...  Knowing what you're supposed to be doing  while you're here.
124) 23) dialog: I got lost. They smiles.
127) 0) text: After a beat; Tom gets back on his colt. He takes Rimrock's reins and l him off. Annie stops for a moment, watching him ride away She watches her mother walk towards the house;
129) 5) text: Have you talked to Tom about it?
129) 8) text: I don't know... You sure Tom said it's  all right? She nods. He hesitates.
131) 15) dialog: I'll give your mom a hand. Diane watches him enter the kitchen, then returns to her  magazine.
132) 0) text: Annie has dropped a hot pot into the sink, after pouring tomato out of it, and into a terrine.
132) 1) dialog: Everything under control?
132) 4) dialog: Just make yourself comfortable.
132) 6) dialog: Ha, ha... all right, well, uh I guess  you can bring out the pasta. She undoes her apron and crosses towards the bowl. Tom's never leave her. It's the first time he's seen her in her dress, sans apron. As she lifts the bowl to hand to him, realizes he's been looking at her. There's a silent momen then;
132) 8) dialog: Huh? She looks for it. Tom crosses to her and buttons it, then takes the bowl.
133) 2) dialog: I don't think Warren would go for that. Grace is talking to Joe and the Twins.
133) 7) dialog: Diane takes care of the books. I don't  know how, but at the end of every  month, everything adds up to the penny.
133) 26) text: No reason you should, no reason you  should. They exit into the kitchen. Frank continues eating. Tom looks around -- Grace showing the boys the computer. and Diane in the kitchen. For a second, we see Tom realiz image of the life he once thought he could.
134) 17) dialog: Boys! Settle down!
134) 34) text: Say thank you!! Diane and Frank usher the kids out. Tom holds onto Joe un they're gone, then lets him go.
134) 38) text: I expect you should talk to Grace about  that, ma'am. And if I did anything  wrong, then I am sorry. Ever the gentlemen, Joe exits. Annie looks to Tom. He's a to leave, when he stops and says:
134) 39) dialog: Don't let her turn you away. Tom exits. Annie stands and faces Grace's closed door. Slowly, she  lowers herself to her knees and sits on them, thinking... reminiscent of Tom, waiting for his moment with Pilgrim, the field.
135) 22) text: I'm sorry if my friendship with Tom  bothers you so much, but I happen to  value having someone to talk to,  especially when my own daughter  ignores me night and day because no  matter what I say, it's wrong and no  matter what I do, it's wrong... I'm  sorry I'm such a disappointment to  you.
136) 0) text: Tom sits alone, writing at his desk. His music is playing He stops to look out the window overlooking the Creek Hou Annie and Grace fell asleep with the lights still on in t living room. Tom is thinking of Grace and Annie -- wondering what happ after he left... conflicted by what he feels for Annie... remembering why they're here in the first place...
138) 0) text: Annie and Grace are standing by the arena fence. Frank, J and the Twins are sitting on the fence rail. Joe is holdi saddle and a bridle, standing in some shadows in an empty arena. Pilgrim comes running into the ring. Out of habit, starts circling the ring. He sees Tom holding a saddle.  Pilgrim walks towards him. Curious, he stops, looking at Tom puts the saddle down, sitting crossways on it. Pilgri walks towards him again. He stops, looking at Tom again. just sits there, playing with the bridle. Pilgrim walks  around him. Tom doesn't show him any interest. Pilgrim co closer. He looks at the saddle. He runs off. He stops,  looking back. Tom just sits. Pilgrim walks back over. Tom stands and shows him the bridle. Pilgrim comes closer,  sniffing it. He rubs his nose against the leather. Tom pa his head. Then, in one quick, but deft motion, he puts th bridle on him. Pilgrim tosses his head, but it doesn't se to bother him. Grace and Annie watch intently. Tom takes reins, walking Pilgrim around the ring. He walks him to t saddle. Pilgrim paws at it with his hoof. He turns and ru off. Tom lets him go. Pilgrim runs around the ring, slows down, looks over at Tom. Tom picks up the saddle. Pilgrim cautiously, comes back over. Tom, with the saddle, walks from him. Pilgrim, again curious, follows him. He nudges Tom stops. Pilgrim comes around to take a good look at th saddle. Tom rubs his back. And gently, like laying down a sheet, puts the saddle on his back. Pilgrim shuffles slig at the touch. Tom quickly cinches it. Taking up the reins walks Pilgrim around the ring again. He starts to jog.  Pilgrim jogs with him. And in the middle of the jog, Tom  grabs onto the saddle horn, and without breaking his stri pulls himself back up onto his back. He lays across the  saddle, letting Pilgrim feel his weight. He sits up, and  without letting him break his stride, he urges Pilgrim wi his thighs, keeping him in the jog, riding around the rin Grace and Annie cheer. Tom tips his hat to them...
139) 0) text: Grace is cleaning stalls, etc... She exits one of the sta with a pail and stops -- looking down the barn to where s knows Pilgrim is. She places the pail down and gathers he courage. She walks to Pilgrim's stall. She stands motionl for some moments before she opens the doors and enters... Pilgrim steps back a bit. He looks at her. He pins his ea back. Stomps his feet. Grace is about to turn and leave, she stops herself and remains still. Slowly, she reaches out to touch Pilgrim's head... and he lets her. We see in Grace a maturity of character, a  willingness to face what she must face... the beginning o compassion, not only for Pilgrim, but perhaps for herself well.
140) 0) text: A full moon lights the ranch. Tom pulls up to the ranch h in his truck, parks and gets out. As he walks towards the house, he hears: Grace exits the Creek House and coming towards him, a coa over her nightgown. Tom waits until she reaches him.
140) 2) dialog: You hungry?
141) 0) text: Grace sits at the table. Tom is cooking at the stove. It as if they are the only two people on earth. Grace gets u nerve... and begins:
144) 2) dialog: I won't tell you it'll stop feeling  this bad... But I can tell you, you  didn't do anything wrong... The same  thing would have happened to me... or  Frank... or Joe... And there's no  sense in looking for a reason why  things happen... (self-reflective)
144) 5) dialog: I know you do. Don't you disappear. (holds her tighter)
144) 7) text: I'll tell you one more thing... When  Pilgrim reared up to face that  truck... you know what I think?... I  think that damn horse loved you so much,  he was trying to protect you... That's  what I think. Grace listens to this. As Tom holds her in silence, it's  almost as if they were father and daughter...
145) 0) text: Tom stands with Grace in the corral. Tom's horse, Rimrock saddled nearby. Tom takes Grace's cane.
145) 1) dialog: Let me hold that... Grace stands, looking at the horse...
145) 3) dialog: There's no hurry. Take you time. She's trying so hard to be brave. After a moment, she rea for the saddle horn. She puts her prosthetic leg in the  stirrup, takes a breath and swings her leg up -- slipping falling to the ground. Tom doesn't say anything. She pull herself back up. She repeats the action... determinedly. swings her leg over again and sits squarely on the horse. remains still, but proud. As the day breaks, we leave them in silence -- Tom standi hands in pocket... Grace sitting up on the horse, proudly
146) 0) text: Endless sky. Annie is jogging off in the distance when sh looks up and stops to see: Tom and Grace, both on horses, stopped on a rolling hill. They do not see her. Annie is filled with emotion... pride for her daughter,  gratitude for this amazing man. As the two ride off into the distance we do a slow:
147) 0) text: Frank and Diane, with the Twins, dogs at their heels, rid front of the herd. Behind them, Joe riding alongside Grac Smokey and some Hands ride among the herd, keeping them m And riding behind the herd are Annie and Tom...
148) 0) text: The cattle stands in silhouette. We hear singing. Everyone is sitting around a campfire. Frank's playing th guitar, singing along with Tom. They laugh when a lyric o note goes wrong. Everyone is enjoying it. Annie, her arms around her knees, sits off by herself. Th song ends and people applaud. Frank hands the guitar to Hank;
148) 9) text: You know, you're a good kid. Joe smiles and helps her up. They come together and start dancing. Annie is watching, holding her breath with gratitude. Tom notices Annie off by herself and crosses to her. He  extends his hand. She hesitates, looks again to Grace wit Joe, then accepts... His hand slide to her back. Her hand to his shoulder. The dance. Their bodies closer than they've ever been. Slowly she leans her head against his body. And surrenders, for moment... Diane sees them. She holds her husband fast, and buries h head on his neck.
149) 0) text: MORE CATTLE DRIVE MANTAGE -- Taking Tom and Annie a bit  further in their intimacy; perhaps Tom takes extra specia care to explain things to Annie, or fix her saddle cinch, make her laugh...
151) 0) text: Dead in stillness. The cattle dark and motionless. Everyo asleep in bedrolls around the pasture. Annie awakens, looks up at the moon, watching it go in an out of the clouds. She looks over to sleeping Grace... Th looks to where Tom is -- and sees his sleeping bag is emp Quietly, she rises and looks for him. She starts across the grass and sees him crossing on his  haunches, wearing a slicker, sitting in the grass by the  stream, drinking some water. She watches him. Tom senses something and turns. For a moment, they just l at each other -- half disbelieving the inevitable is so c at hand. Annie approaches as Tom rises. They meet. They kiss. Tentative at first, but more, just make that very, precious first moment of discovery last a long as it can. The kiss grows more passionate. They begi lose themselves in each other. Until, suddenly, aware of their surroundings, they part. words. Their expressions to each other tell all. Annie  separates herself and goes back to her bedroll... Tom sta in the grass, by the stream... the moving water, the nigh only sound.
152) 0) text: The cattle drive returns. Tom, Annie, Grace, et al... are their horses, heading back towards the ranch when Grace s in the distance;
153) 0) text: Everyone is being introduced to Robert, as Grace hugs him from the side, never letting go of him. Frank, Diane -- w introduce their kids, then Tom and Robert shake hands...
153) 2) dialog: (extends hand)
153) 3) text: Tom.
153) 5) dialog: Oh yeah... Laugh. Awkward silence...
153) 7) text: And I'm very grateful to you. Robert is so sincere -- in that openly, modern, "express feelings" kind of way. Tom just nods.
153) 11) dialog: Oh, we're gonna show your dad plenty.  Why don't you all get settled in and  we'll do the tour. Excuse me. As Tom walks away, a nervous Robert feels compelled to sa
154) 0) text: In the distance, we see the pick-up truck parked out in t pasture. Tom is standing with Robert -- in jeans, now -- Grace, telling Robert about the ranch. Robert has his arm around Grace, asking questions, interested in everything. Grace is loving being with her two favorite men...
155) 0) text: Grace waits in the truck as Tom leads Robert through the and cowshit, climbs up and hops over a wood fence. Robert follows suit -- not as gracefully -- and gets a splinter.
157) 0) text: Tom continues his tour as the dogs run about them. Tom pa the dogs no attention, except to bark an order. Robert,  however, engages with them -- picking up a stick and thro it. A dog returns and gives it back. Robert kneels and be rubbing the dog's fur, talking to it, looking like an  anachronism in his baggy jeans with designer cowboy belt spanking new designer cowboy boots. Tom waits patiently for Robert, who... and carries on wit the dog a bit too long. When Robert gets up, he habituall brushes the dirt off his jeans, maybe even his boots, and makes sure his outfit is hanging properly.
158) 0) text: Grace is in the stall with Pilgrim. Once again, close eno to touch him, which he allows. Outside the stall, stand Robert and Tom. Robert squeezes splinter...
158) 2) dialog: We still have a way to go.
158) 4) dialog: Well, like I told your wife, it's  really up to Pilgrim.
159) 2) dialog: He thought it was a ghost.
160) 0) text: Everyone is outside enjoying the night after a long day. Diane and Annie are on the porch. Diane is showing Annie she does her needlepoint. Annie is genuinely interested. Tom and Frank and Robert are sitting out front. Grace is Robert's feet. Joe sits on the ground in front of his fat opposite Grace.
160) 1) dialog: Is the poverty worse, now, you  think?
162) 0) text: Cars and pick-up trucks haphazardly parked along a dirt  road... Smoking open grill barbecues. Ranchers and famili move about the ranch, sit and eat at picnic tables with  gingham tablecloths... Some teenagers hanging around the  corral, talking. Diane and some other women, eating and  talking... Frank with a group of men, drinking beer, tell stories. A BAND has been set up by the barn. People are dancing un the harvest moon. Grace is dancing with Joe... Tom is dan with a local woman... Annie with a rancher... Everyone is having a good time... Robert is enjoying a smoke with some men. He looks over t the dance floor and smiles when he sees Grace and Joe. Joe and the Rancher trade place... Joe dances with Annie, Rancher with Grace... But Tom sees his chance and switche with the Rancher so that he can dance with Grace... She i thrilled and he guides her effortlessly across the floor. Joe and Annie are interrupted by another couple. Joe swit partners, but Annie smiles and excuses herself -- she wan rest. Robert continues talking with some of the men. He puts ou his smoke and looks over to the dance floor. He sees Grac dancing with Tom... His eyes search for Annie. He moves a from the men until he sees, from a distance; Annie, sitting by herself, amidst the crowd... No one wou notice her unless they were looking for her... But Robert -- and what he sees is Annie looking at Grace and Tom... only looking at Tom... Smiling to herself gently... Watch his every move. Suddenly, she rises and exits out of the to get some air.
164) 0) text: Tom and Grace continue dancing. She's in heaven. Robert  approaches and Tom quickly allows him to take over. Grace loves the attention from both men. As they dance off, Tom crosses the dance floor and is met by Hank's wife;
164) 2) dialog: Sure.
165) 0) text: Tom is walking along when he turns the corner of Hank's h and finds; Annie sitting alone, staring up at the night. They see ea other. From behind the house, no one else can see them. It is as if the fates brought them face to face and alone Without any will to stop it, they embrace and kiss  passionately. But when they look into each other's eyes,  there is no joy in the kiss. Tom releases her and walks a heading for the shed. Annie quickly pulls herself togethe and enters the main house through the back door.
166) 0) text: Diane is once more sitting at the kitchen table, looking some bills before bed. Her tape player is on softly. Tom  enters and crosses to the sink to get a glass of water. Diane looks up, seeing Tom with his back to her -- standi the sink, filling his glass -- staring out the window ove sink. She looks to the dish of brownies on the table.
166) 2) dialog: (w/o turning around)
166) 3) text: No thanks. Diane senses an uneasiness in Tom. She looks as he drinks water. MEDIUM CLOSE-UP ON TOM'S BACK, as if from Diane's POV. But when we pull back we find ourselves;
167) 0) text: Tom is standing in front of Pilgrim's stall. He opens the door. They look at each other. He strokes him and begins whisper;
167) 1) dialog: There's something you have to do  tomorrow, boy... Camera gently moves away... and Tom whispers to Pilgrim w must be done...
168) 0) text: There's a stillness. A sense of import. Annie, Robert, Fr Diane, Joe and Smokey, are all at various spots along the Grace stands inside the ring. Tom is standing beside Pilg in the middle of the ring. Pilgrim is bridled and saddled Tom adjusts he stirrup. He walks over to Grace...
168) 1) dialog: All set? Grace swallows hard, nodding. She's worried...
168) 2) dialog: Sure?
168) 4) text: Sure. Tom puts his arms around her shoulders and walks out to  Pilgrim. The horse pricks up his ears as they approach. T motions Grace to stop a short distance from Pilgrim so as to crowd him. Tom walks over alone, reaching to gently ta hold of him. Holding him by the bridle, he puts his head  beside Pilgrim's, quietly speaking to him, soothing Pilgr neck with his other hand... Annie and Robert are fascinated. Anxious. Pilgrim never takes his eyes off Grace. Tom tries to ease forward. Pilgrim resists, lifting his head and looking at Grace so you can see the white at the top of his eye. Tom turns him away, walking him in circles, trying to calm hi He leads him back to Grace. Pilgrim tosses his head and  stomps his feet. Robert grows more anxious. Annie is calmer, more focused. Tom climbs up on him, riding him around the arena in an e lope. Grace watches them go round the ring. She looks at parents and tries to smile. They try as well. Tom dismounts and leads Pilgrim back to Grace. Pilgrim ba again, violently throwing his head, kicking... Grace's  shoulders slump, she presses her hands in her pockets,  fighting not to cry...
168) 5) dialog: Smokey... Smokey climbs over the rail into the ring as Tom says som to him. Meanwhile Frank reassures Grace:
168) 7) dialog: There's still something going on  inside of him I can't reach. So me  and Smokey here, we're going to  try laying him down. Okay?
168) 9) dialog: It's more or less how it sounds.  Sometimes it's not pretty to watch.  Some horses fight it real hard.  Your fella's already shown us he  likes a good fight. So if you don't  want to watch, I'll call you when it's  done.
168) 11) dialog: You got that soft rope? Smokey hands it to him. Tom quietly talks to Pilgrim, run his hand down Pilgrim's left foreleg and lifts his hoof.  Pilgrim slightly shifts. And when he's still, Tom slips t loop at the end of the soft rope over the hoof making sur it's snug. And taking the other end of the rope, he hoist weight of Pilgrim's raised hoof and ties the rope to the  saddle horn. Pilgrim stands on three legs -- an explosion waiting to happen. Tom moves away from Pilgrim, taking th halter line from Smokey. Pilgrim, trying to move, finds h crippled. Scared, he lurches, hopping on his right forele Seeing he can't walk, panicked, he tries to run. Tom and  Smokey, brace themselves, lean back on their ropes and fo him around them in a tight circle. He goes around and aro like a crazed rocking horse with a broken leg. Tom looks and sees Annie has left Robert outside the ring to stand an anguished Grace -- her hands on her shoulders, grippin her. Robert watches, feeling too much a foreigner...
168) 15) text: He's trying to get him to go down  on his knees... Pilgrim fights. Tom pulls on the rope. Pilgrim, slowly,  begrudgingly, gives ground. Tom, brings him to his knees, but it is short lived. Pilgrim is muscling his way back t his feet. Tom pulls him down to his knees again. Pilgrim, fighting with every bit of strength, slowly gets to his f again. But the pressure Tom is putting on the saddle is t strong and relentless and finally Pilgrim goes down on hi knees and stays down. Yet Tom keeps the pressure on... To shouts to Smokey.
168) 16) dialog: Drop the lines and come help me... Smokey, dropping the line, runs over. They both pull on  the saddle rope.
168) 18) dialog: 
168) 20) dialog: GRACE! Will you come here, please! Grace shakes her head "NO." Frank motions to Annie for  her to let Grace go... to let stand alone... We see  that it's not easy for Annie to trust this, but she does. And she steps back to where Robert stands... Tom, his face set, walks toward Grace...
168) 21) dialog: Grace, I need you to come with me. Grace violently shakes her head "NO"... Robert gets up th courage to say aloud:
168) 24) dialog: Grace, I need you to come with me.
168) 26) dialog: He's not hurt. He's okay. Look at him.
168) 29) dialog: Grace, Listen... you've got to do this.  Just trust me one more time. Grace looks into his eyes and is reminded of all this man has done for her... and she remembers her trust.
168) 31) dialog: I'll show you. Tom leads her across the ring, with his arm around her  shoulder. Annie tries to maintain her composure. Robert  remains still and focused. Tom and Grace come to Pilgrim, lying in the dirt, his  breathing plaintive. Tom speaks gently;
168) 32) dialog: I want you to lay down with him. I  want you to stroke him. I want to  start with his hindquarters and rub  him, feel him all over. Grace is shaking her head "NO." He speaks more firmly.
168) 33) dialog: Grace, you've got to do what I say. Grace knows there's no way out. She takes a breath and sl kneels in the dirt beside him, with Tom's help. She lays him, rubbing him, his hindquarters, his legs, his side,  softly rubbing his neck and the wet silky side of his hea
168) 34) dialog: Now, listen. I want you to stand on  him.
168) 36) dialog: 
168) 38) text: Grace, do what I'm telling you. Stand  on him... now! Grace obeys him through her tears. She lets Tom take her and guide her up onto the curve of Pilgrim's belly. Then lets go. Grace stands there with teas steaming down her  face -- standing on the animal she loved most in the worl
172) 0) text: Frank's car is parked up for the trip to the airport that will take the Bookers to Branton, Missouri for Diane's  cousin's wedding... Grace, Annie and Robert are outside saying goodbye to the Bookers; Diane, the Twins... and Joe... Joe awkwardly sha her hand... then removes his hat and puts it on her head. Everyone laughs. They want to hug each other, but don't k if they would... Frank and Tom are packing the car...
172) 13) text: after they've gone? Tom hears this bit of info as he passes by with the weddi present and puts it in the truck. Annie makes sure to ave her look.
174) 0) text: Tom exits with a small, leather satchel. He crosses to hi truck, tosses in the satchel, gets in and drives off.
179) 0) text: The ranch is still. Annie stands on the porch, her arms  folded, vulnerable, looking at the ranch. All her boxes a packed and stacked in the room. She looks over to the Ran House... to Tom's window.
180) 0) text: A light goes on. Annie enters, cautiously. She's never be in this room. She crosses to the desk, touches it. She  notices a tape player and pushes it on. MUSIC PLAYS... Sh sees a small framed photo -- of Tom's son, years ago. Suddenly, she feels like an intruder. She shuts the music and exits...
182) 0) text: Annie exits the barn and sees: Tom, walking away from the truck with the headlights left on... is walking right towards her. Annie begins moving towards him, When they meet:
182) 1) dialog: I won't apologize for this. And I  won't hide it. Not for anybody.
183) 0) text: Tom leads Annie to the front door. She waits as he unlock
184) 0) text: Tom leads her to his room. Annie cups his grasp on her wi both hands. He opens the door for her, ushers her in, the closes the door. He hangs his hat. She turns to him. They embrace, surrendering to each other's passions.
185) 0) text: Camera pas from Tom's window, bright with dawn, past his  desk upon which his classical music is playing, over to t two lovers in bed, kissing and embracing. Then:
185) 2) dialog: Ssshhh... (she stops)
185) 3) text: Stand still, Annie. Takes what we've  got, just for now. Can you do that? Beat. She nods. The permission Tom is giving her acts lik great burden being lifted, and for the time being, she  surrenders and accepts the gift of what they feel. They k
186) 0) text: Since the ranch must continue, Tom and Annie move through day of ranch chores -- -- TOM AND ANNIE CLEANING STALLS AND FEEDING THE HORSES.
190) 0) text: Tom and Annie, their horses packed with gear, ride across high mountain pasture through the grazing cattle...
191) 0) text: Annie and Tom sit overlooking a breathtaking view. Tom is showing her the rope trick... She looks down at their tou fingers and he gently pulls the rope away, still knotted, without ever breaking their touch... Annie looks into his eyes, understanding what this means, raises his hand to h mouth and kisses it. She looks up at him with a curious  expression;
191) 2) dialog: Annie!
192) 0) text: Annie lays asleep in Tom's arms, under a blanket. He pick another blanket with his free hand and shimmies it under head, laying her down. She snuggles with the blanket and  keeps sleeping. Tom takes a moment to look at her as she sleeps, gently  brushing her hair away from her eyes. He's deeply in love with this woman and wants to keep her with him. But there a sad resignation in his look. A confusion. He rises and walks to a stream nearby. He bends down to t some water when he hears something. He looks up and sees the other side: A WILD HORSE giving birth to a foal in the tall grass. An WHITE STALLION steps in between Tom and the mare, as if  protecting her. Tom rises slowly to his feet. Then stands stock still. He the Stallion penetrate each other. Suddenly this beautiful, powerful Stallion rears -- viole Tom remains still, but clearly the horse is treating him an invader... It's as if the Whisperer is now being guided by the Horse towards understanding. As Tom receives it, he remembers;
192) 1) dialog: Summers are short here, Annie. There  isn't much of a fall. Before you know  it, the roads are closed... the nights  get long.
192) 4) dialog: Two people can't just be alone together  in the world. At least not us...
193) 0) text: Tom and Annie make love...
195) 0) text: Annie awakens in bed and discovers she is alone. She look around for Tom. She rises and enters the other room to  discover: All her boxes and all her luggage have been removed. Her heart sinks. Tom re-enters, fully dressed, to get the last box. He sees on her face a look of confusion and hur
195) 1) dialog: I figured, whenever you decided to  go, you'd be all set.
195) 3) text: How thoughtful of you. And what if  I decide not to go? Tom doesn't know how to respond. He looks away and bends to reach for the box when Annie commands:
195) 5) dialog: (pleadingly)
195) 6) text: Annie, please... Tom reaches to embrace her, but Annie attacks him. Punchi his chest... pulling at his shirt as Tom tries to put his arms around her...
195) 10) dialog: (struggling)
195) 14) dialog: You think this is easy for me!? Annie is struck by the powerful sincerity of his words;
195) 15) dialog: It's just happened this way sometimes.  I can't explain it. But I look at you  and see Grace and I see Robert, and  no matter what you decide about him,  I just know this is right. Your life  isn't here and you know it. Annie looks into his eyes and asks, softly defiant;
195) 17) dialog: (confused by her question)
195) 20) dialog: Because we had to... And I'll never  stop loving you, Annie. Here. Where  my life is. The simplicity, and truth, of it hits Annie strongly. Annie releases herself from him and turns away... despond Realizing the utter truth and inevitability of what he sa She starts shaking her head. Tom can't hear it... He reac for her;
195) 21) dialog: Annie... She turns back into his arms and they kiss passionately.. holding each other... as if for the last time.
196) 0) text: Tom is escorting Pilgrim into the trailer attached to the Suburban. He looks across the ranch to see the figure of  Annie, standing alone, perfectly still, in the pasture,  looking out to the horizon... (reminiscent of Tom earlier the film)
197) 0) text: Tom approaches Annie from behind, stopping a few feet awa
197) 1) dialog: Annie? She doesn't answer... as if she has found her own private place within her, at last... A place of strength. She loo if she knows what must be done... She hears him about to away when she asks:
197) 3) dialog: Sure. I'll saddle them up. He exits. Not seeing the tears in Annie's eyes.
198) 0) text: Tom enters the barn slowly. He crosses to Rimrock's stall then stops. As if he is waiting. As if he knows... Then... he hears the sound of Annie's Suburban starting u looks up and knows she's leaving. He waits.
201) 0) text: Tom lowers his head. It is not his way to say goodbye. An is moved by Annie's knowing.
202) 0) text: A MONTAGE of images of Annie traveling home... Across different terrains, we see Annie driving -- missin Tom... thinking of what she will decide by the time she g home. Remembering IMAGES OF TOM: -- Riding on Rimrock and tipping his hat to her... -- Sitting in the pasture, staring at Pilgrim. Ignoring h -- Seeing her arrive at the ranch for the very first time
203) 0) text: Annie drives, she continues remembering... -- She and Tom in the branding... -- She and Tom dancing around the camp fire at the cattle -- She and Tom kissing in secrecy behind Hank's house the of the barn dance...
204) 0) text: Annie continues driving and remembering; -- Annie and Tom coming towards each other that first nig after everyone had left the ranch... -- Tom opening the front door to the ranch house... SUDDENLY WE;
209) 10) text: Pilgrim's in the back. I found a new  stable, but they can't take him until  tomorrow.