1) 6) dialog: You, Zack?
1) 8) dialog: I'm Byron. Nice to meet you. (awkwardly) C'mon. Let's go get your luggage.
2) 0) text: Byron and Zack step aboard one of the colorful jeepneys t Manila is famous for. We MOVE WITH the jeepney as it leav the airport and starts down the highway toward Olongapo. The boy is frightened but he's also excited by the strang super-chrome and ornately-decorated vehicle he's riding i They're not alone in the small bus. Ten or more Filipinos ride with them, some in suits and ties, others in the rou attire of farmers. One old woman carries a big cage on he lap with a squawking fluttering chicken in it.
2) 1) dialog: Take that coat off. This is the  Philippines.
2) 3) dialog: (making conversation) How was the flight? They take care  of you okay? Long way from Norfolk,  isn't it?
2) 5) dialog: Listen, kid, I was sorry to hear  about your mom. That's pretty rough.  I would've returned your call a lot  sooner but I was out at sea...
2) 7) dialog: Well, that's how long I've been out  at sea.
3) 0) text: The jeepney has only two passengers now, Byron and Zack. roadside sign reads: "U.S. NAVAL FACILITY, SUBIC BAY ... miles."
4) 0) text: Known throughout the Seventh Fleet as the armpit of the  Orient, Olongapo is one, long rain-rutted street of gaudy bars and rattan-walled whorehouses. Countless jeepneys careen past with their silly fringe aw and chrome accoutrements, many filled with U.S. sailor bo and officers on liberty. Zack and Byron's jeepney ENTERS SHOT and stops in front o the noisiest and raunchiest bar on the strip.
4) 1) dialog: This is it. This is where I live.
5) 0) text: CAMERA CONTINUES MOVING with Zack and Byron as they cross through the NOISY bar toward a stairwell at the back. Nav enlisted men are making out openly with bar girls and Zac even sees one little girl stick her hand right down the f 40 of a sailor boy's pants. Byron glances at the boy, a little embarrassed by his dig Zack is staring at every girl he passes, nervous but a li excited by it all, too.
5) 1) dialog: If I were in port more, I'd rent a  better place, but this works out  okay.
6) 1) dialog: I thought you girls were gonna do  some shopping. (gives them money) Tiki, Maria... I want you to meet my  son.
6) 2) text: The girls giggle as they hurry into their clothes and lea Byron closes the door.
6) 3) dialog: This is it. This is where I live. I  suppose you could bunk over there  and you could go to school at the  base.
6) 5) dialog: I'm not finished. I'll only be in  port one week a month and when I'm  here you'd never catch me playing  daddy with you 'cause it's not who I  am. Like I told you on the phone,  you I'd be better off in that state  school back in Virginia.
6) 7) dialog: You got to kid. Let me spell it out  for you. This is a whorehouse. And I  happen to like my life the way it is  and nobody's gonna make me change.
6) 11) dialog: Hey, come back.
6) 13) dialog: Come back here, kid!
6) 15) dialog: (grudgingly) Okay, okay. You win.
6) 17) dialog: Stop calling me 'sir! I ain't no  officer. My name is Byron.
7) 0) text: Zack sits on the stairs watching a crazy scene taking pla on the long bar. A bunch of jet pilots off one of the car are in town and they're playing a game of "chicken". Each pilot must take a turn being pushed down the bar in a cha on rollers. The winner is the guy who flies the farthest  without bailing out of his chair. The whores are rooting  them on and gambling money is being waved in the air. As  Tiki, one of Byron's girls, climbs the stairs, he catches her hand and gestures questioningly in the direction of t hotshot fliers.
7) 2) text: The boy laughs. Then Byron comes out of his room, his sea bag over his shoulder. He passes the kids some folding mo
7) 3) dialog: Here, kid. Put this in your shoe in  case you need it.
10) 3) text: A moment later the door opens and Byron stands there, fum to cover his nudity with a little kimono. A naked prostit in her late teens watches from a rumpled bed.
10) 5) dialog: Zack, you little shit! You haven't  changed a bit!
10) 8) dialog: (to his girl) Hey, honey, look at this! My son!  Isn't he beautiful? (to Zack) You should've called!
10) 10) dialog: I thought you quit school. Last I  heard you were on your way to a  construction job or something down  in Brazil.
10) 12) dialog: Why the fuck didn't you invite me? I  would've come.
10) 14) dialog: Get on the phone, honey. Call up  your friend... Gloria... Gloria big  tits. We're gonna celebrate! You  hear that? My son's graduated from  college!
11) 0) text: It's an orgy, all right. Father and son style. Zack and h girl on the left half of the bed, Byron and his girl on t right. Pumping away. Drinking and passing a wine bottle  around. Candles burning in dishes flickering against the seedy wa where the only decorations are monkeywood carvings Byron  brought back from the Philippines.
11) 2) dialog: Right. We're putting you on. What  happened to that joint?
11) 4) dialog: (pigeon English) Ay, palequero.
11) 6) dialog: (laughs) Wha-chu-say, palequero? Short time,  long time, only ten dolla.
13) 0) text: Zack finds some aspirins and downs them with a glass of w Suddenly, Byron comes in, shoves him out of the way, and  pukes in the toilet. Zack stares at him in an intense way seeing more than the moment, seeing all the other times h played out this scene with this man.
13) 1) dialog: What're you looking at? Hand me that  towel.
13) 2) text: Zack hands him the towel. Byron swigs some mouthwash, the turns to his son.
13) 3) dialog: Hey, that was pretty great wasn't  it? Not as great as that night with  the three stewardesses in Manila...  but pretty fucking nice.
13) 5) dialog: So what're you doing in Seattle?
13) 7) dialog: Zackie, nothing you do will ever  surprise me, pard, not after some of  the shit you've pulled.
13) 9) text: Byron's face drops and Zack laughs.
13) 10) dialog: You... in the Navy?
13) 12) dialog: Why?
13) 14) dialog: Who gave you this idea?
13) 16) text: Byron starts to laugh and Zack reddens slightly.
13) 17) dialog: I don't believe this! You... in the  Navy... an officer... that's like me  saying I'm running for fucking  president. Hey, man, look at you!  Hey, officers don't have tattoos!
13) 21) dialog: Don't be pissed. I'm on your side,  Pard. I just don't want you to do  something you'll regret. You gotta  give six years to the Navy if you  wanna fly... that's six years with  the most uptight assholes God put on  this earth. Officers aren't like you  and me, man. It's another breed.
13) 23) dialog: Fuck, no! Why would I care about  something as dumb as that?
13) 25) text: He opens the door and walks out. Byron moves to the door.
13) 26) dialog: Hey, what did you want? A lot of  fatherly bullshit? A big pat on the  back?
13) 28) dialog: Hey, Zackie -- don't go away mad.
73) 7) text: Byron's eyes are on Paula.
73) 8) dialog: Who's that?
73) 10) dialog: Great ass.
73) 12) dialog: Better watch out for that kind,  Zackie. You know what they call 'em,  don't ya?
73) 14) dialog: Back east in Newport, Rhode Island,  they call 'em the Fall River Debs.  In Pensacola, the Mobile Debs. In  Norfolk --
73) 16) dialog: Who? (realizing) Aw shit, Zackie, let's not get off  on your mother again, please.
73) 18) dialog: There's nothing to talk about. Two  goddamn times I made it with your  old lady. We barely even talked.
73) 21) dialog: I wrote. Not every week...
73) 23) dialog: I never said any of that!
73) 25) dialog: (beat) Okay, I wrote those things... and  yeah, I had big thoughts of getting  together with your mom... but when  she hit me with being pregnant, I  saw who she was. I'd had quiff lay  that shit on me before!
109) 13) text: Byron quickly glances at the orders and pounds Zack on th back.
109) 14) dialog: I knew you'd make it! (beat) Where's your girl? Didn't she come?
109) 16) text: Byron almost looks sad to hear it.
109) 17) dialog: Zackie, I'm so proud of you. Get  ready, 'cause I'm gonna give you  your first salute and you'll owe me  a silver dollar. That's the tradition,  you know.