18) 63) text: Zack and the others open their packs and suitcases on the sidewalk. With his cane, Foley suddenly spears a pair of  lacy underwear in Casey Seeger's suitcase and dangles it  high in the air.
18) 67) text: Casey reddens and stares daggers at the man.
18) 68) dialog: Sir, you can yell at me if that's  what you're supposed to do, sir. But  you have no right to insult me, sir.
23) 2) text: The class cracks up laughing, especially big Sid, standin near the end of the line with Zack and Casey.
27) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES AHEAD of Zack, Sid and Casey. Navy enlisted behind the counter are handing out "Poopie Suits," "Chrom Domes" and "Boonies" to the candidates as Foley looks on. All the boys are bald. The girls have suffered a military haircut as well, but have been mercifully allowed to keep few inches of coverage.
31) 0) text: The candidates line up outside, in their Poopie uniforms. Sid lines up between Zack and Casey. For the moment, Fole is nowhere to be seen, but a Navy lieutenant is talking t Navy captain in SHOT b.g.
31) 3) dialog: You're pretty funny, Mayo.
34) 10) text: Sid glances over his shoulder at Casey, running tiredly b him.
34) 12) dialog: (testy) What's the matter, Worley? Am I  threatening you?
34) 15) dialog: Don't lose any sleep over it. I  wouldn't mind being the first woman  to fly a jet fighter in combat.
34) 18) dialog: Uh-huh. All the way.
37) 2) dialog: Ever heard of knocking, mayo?
37) 4) dialog: The whole world's a jungle, huh,  Mayo? Dog eat dog down to the last  one, right?
37) 6) text: Casey smiles easily and Zack pushes off down the corridor
37) 23) dialog: I'll make it over the wall, sir!
37) 25) dialog: Sir, if it means getting all the  respect a man gets, then yes! I was  told I could find that in the modern  Navy, sir!
40) 0) text: Zack and Sid are part of the line of stubble-haired AOCs dress white uniforms, watching the door like eagles as a  parade of Puget Debs come into the club, wearing satiny  formals and hopeful smiles. Perryman walks past with his attractive black wife. Casey enters in uniform, hand-in-hand with a handsome you Lieutenant JG, her shortened hair brushed back nicely on sides. She smiles at Zack and he smiles back. Topper approaches one of the girls coming through the doo a short, dumpy little girl with jugs the size of watermel and escorts her toward the ballroom. Then Sid and Zack spot Paula and Lynette coming through t door in clingy little formals, milky-white bosoms pushed high and little gold crosses dangling in the valley betwe
63) 13) text: They turn to watch Casey.
63) 16) dialog: Think they'll let us do that again?  God, that was fun!
81) 12) dialog: I don't know about you guys but I'm  starving.
84) 5) dialog: (watching the dancer) Not bad.
84) 7) dialog: Cool it, Emiliano. I don't find it  funny.
84) 20) dialog: Zack, we've got to go.
84) 25) dialog: You guys take care of Trader Jon  while I get him out of here.
84) 27) dialog: C'mon, Zack. We've got to get out of  here!
85) 0) text: Casey pushes him into the backseat of a taxi, but Zack gr her by the hand and tries to pull her inside.
85) 3) dialog: You're cute, Mayo, but you don't  want me. And to tell you the truth,  I don't want you. (a quick kiss) See you back at the base.
89) 16) dialog: Go on, Zack! Go for the record!
109) 0) text: Zack and his classmates are passing in review before the  Commanding Officer and his staff (including Foley), seate on the risers, and the large gathering of family and frie seated on the folding chairs. The base marching band, a  phalanx to the left of the rises, is in fine and rousing  form. As Zack and Casey and Perryman and the others pass CAMERA they do a precise EYES-RIGHT.
109) 6) text: Find Casey's proud face, Perryman's, Della-Serra's, Marcu
109) 23) dialog: Thank you, sir. I mean, Sergeant.