51) 1) dialog: Paula, come in here, please.
52) 0) text: JOE POKRIFKI is a tough, barely-literate Polack with enou hair on his chest to compete with some apes. Ester lies i bed beside him. Paula enters the darkened room and Joe  suddenly snaps on the light, bathing them all in its hars almost police-room glare.
52) 1) dialog: Come over here. I want to look at  you.
52) 4) dialog: I said, come here!
52) 7) dialog: What are you tired from?
52) 9) dialog: Come over here where I can see you.
52) 11) dialog: Look at the sand! Enough sand to  start your own beach! (seeing something) What's that wet place on your dress?
53) 2) dialog: But you knew right off what I was  talking about, didn't you, Paula!  Did you let that boy --
54) 2) dialog: Well, as long as you live in this  house, young lady, you live by my  rules! You should be dating local  boys.
54) 4) dialog: Do you honestly think you'll find a  boy in that... that officer's school  who's serious about marriage?
54) 6) dialog: Then you're dumber than I thought!  All you'll get from their kind is  pregnant!
54) 10) dialog: Esther, do you think she's using... (has trouble saying  it) ...birth control?
54) 12) dialog: When did this happen?
56) 0) text: Joe Pokrifki parks his big, old Olds Cutlass and the four Pokrifki women follow him toward the church in their prim Sunday dresses. Lynette and her three brothers climb down from the back o dented and primered pickup truck. Lynette's pained skelet of a mother gets out from behind the wheel and ushers her brood toward the church. There's a shocking difference be the debs who go over to the base on weekends and these pr dressed, almost tomboyishly unmade-up young girls. As the two girls see each other, they exchange supportive smiles.
77) 0) text: Joe Pokrifki is watching Zack from the living room window threatened to his core. The DOORBELL RINGS and Paula move past him to answer it. Seeing the expression on her fathe face, she stops.
77) 2) text: Joe just stares at her. The DOORBELL RINGS AGAIN and she  opens the door.
79) 3) text: Across the table from Zack, Joe is staring their way in a most hostile manner.
79) 6) text: Again, a flirtatious look. Joe sees it. And so does Paula To compound matters, Paula's little sisters are also flir with Zack, and Joe Pokrifki is taking it all as a threat his castle, an outright attack on his manhood. Finally, Zack can handle his stares no longer. He smiles most disarming smile and meets the man's gaze.
79) 8) dialog: Looking at you?
79) 10) dialog: I don't mean anything by it.