18) 13) text: He strolls menacingly down the ranks, probing them, plumb them with his squinty little eyes. He pauses in front of  Perryman.
30) 0) text: The names on the door are: "PERRYMAN, MAYO, WORLEY and  DANIELS." Zack is the first one through the door and he g the upper bunk by the window. His roommates come in and s a look as they see what he's done. LOUIS PERRYMAN is a no nonsense black, a few years older than the other, like Za
30) 1) dialog: How do you figure that's your bunk?
30) 5) text: Perryman and Topper select lower bunks and start stowing  their gear in their lockers. Sid takes the other top bunk
30) 8) text: Perryman touches the photo affectionately.
30) 9) dialog: Yeah. They're the main reason I'm  here.
30) 11) text: Perryman laughs. Both Zack and Sid are stowing their lock expertly. Zack glances questioningly at the big Okie.
33) 2) text: They start the count off. When it gets to Perryman he scr up and gives the wrong number. Foley descends on him.
33) 4) dialog: No, sir!
35) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES AROUND the room, past Perryman's snoring fac past Sid, tossing fitfully, so exhausted he keeps mumblin "Yes, sir," over and over in his sleep... finally HOLDING Zack, sleeping so lightly that the SOUND OF HISSING near hand causes his eyes to open, then harden with disgust at what he's seeing. Topper stands at the sink, pissing.
37) 11) dialog: You'd better hope Foley never finds  out about that, Mayo.
37) 12) text: Zack pulls the piece of fiberboard free and reaches insid Slaving over his boonies, Sid looks up and sees Zack remo from his stash a perfectly spitshined pair of boonies and hand them down to Topper. Laboring over his belt buckle,  Perryman practically drools as he sees the glistening buc Zack suddenly holds up for him to see.
37) 14) dialog: Who's got two bucks? It's costing me  every penny they pay us just to keep  my old Lady and my kids in that motel.
37) 17) dialog: Hey, man, is the piss-ass money you're  making off this worth the risk of  getting us all kicked out of here on  an honor violation?
40) 0) text: Zack and Sid are part of the line of stubble-haired AOCs dress white uniforms, watching the door like eagles as a  parade of Puget Debs come into the club, wearing satiny  formals and hopeful smiles. Perryman walks past with his attractive black wife. Casey enters in uniform, hand-in-hand with a handsome you Lieutenant JG, her shortened hair brushed back nicely on sides. She smiles at Zack and he smiles back. Topper approaches one of the girls coming through the doo a short, dumpy little girl with jugs the size of watermel and escorts her toward the ballroom. Then Sid and Zack spot Paula and Lynette coming through t door in clingy little formals, milky-white bosoms pushed high and little gold crosses dangling in the valley betwe
64) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES DOWN the row of lockers. Sid's is a study in neatness, every pair of skivvies folded identically and  measured with a ruler, which is exactly what he's doing a the moment. Perryman's problem is his belt buckle, which is frantically trying to shine before Foley gets there. Z stands casually by his locker, buffing his fingernails, h shoes and buckle shined to perfection, as always. CAMERA HOLDS on the fourth locker, the one that belonged Topper Daniels. The door to the locker is open and it's e
64) 1) dialog: I'll never get it polished in time.  Give me a buckle, Zack.
64) 3) dialog: You'd make it. He's just getting to  the girls. Come on, Zack. I gotta  see my family, man. I couldn't take  it if he keeps me here over the  weekend.
64) 5) text: Sid gives him a dirty look but Zack ignores it. The SOUND HARSH FOOTSTEPS approaching and the three candidates snap rigid attention by their lockers. Foley walks in and starts inspecting Perryman. Sweat runs down the black's face in rivers. Foley moves on to Sid, c out his locker, then turns to Zack.
64) 9) text: Foley turns and strides out. Zack meets his roommates' ey for an instant, knowing he's finished. Perryman doesn't l too sad about it. He whispers in Zack's ear as he walks p enroute to the door.
64) 10) dialog: Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
70) 0) text: Zack is on his hands and knees, scrubbing the floor, when Sid, Perryman and some of the others return from liberty.
70) 1) dialog: (still angry) I see you didn't DOR, Mayo.
71) 3) text: A grunt from Perryman.
71) 5) dialog: Yeah. All week long.
71) 8) dialog: You know what he was running on me  all last week? He told me I wasn't  officer material because I think  black and I'd never get comfortable  giving orders to whites.
71) 14) dialog: He said he grew up poor?
71) 16) dialog: Foley's not poor. Buddy of mine in  oh-four told me he's the son of a  rich doctor down in Louisiana.
84) 0) text: STARTING ON THE PHOTOS of The Blue Angels that crowd the  walls... a lithe, young stripper DANCES INTO FRAME. Hangi from a net overhead are countless model airplanes. Seeger, Della-Serra, Perryman and Zack are at the bar, dr raised in toast.
84) 14) text: Seeger, Perryman and Della-Serra glance nervously around place. Nobody thinks it's that funny, especially Trader J
84) 16) dialog: Get down from there, before they  call the shore patrol.
84) 26) text: Perryman and Della-Serra nod and head off to deal with th man while she goes to Zack.
104) 0) text: Perryman looks up from his Navigation book as his only  surviving roommate enters. Zack looks at the two stripped bunks, the empty lockers... then he stares at his own loc for a long time, trying to make up his mind. Then Perryman gets up, puts a reassuring hand on his shou just for an instant, and goes back to his studies. Findin some coins in his locker, Zack leaves the room.
109) 0) text: Zack and his classmates are passing in review before the  Commanding Officer and his staff (including Foley), seate on the risers, and the large gathering of family and frie seated on the folding chairs. The base marching band, a  phalanx to the left of the rises, is in fine and rousing  form. As Zack and Casey and Perryman and the others pass CAMERA they do a precise EYES-RIGHT.
109) 6) text: Find Casey's proud face, Perryman's, Della-Serra's, Marcu