3) 0) text: The jeepney has only two passengers now, Byron and Zack. roadside sign reads: "U.S. NAVAL FACILITY, SUBIC BAY ... miles."
10) 0) text: Zack Mayo drives up and climbs an outside stairway to a s story entrance.
18) 4) dialog: Hey, this is the modern Navy.
18) 19) text: He pauses in front of Sid, and smiles the friendliest of  smiles.
18) 21) dialog: How're you doing, Sarge?
18) 24) dialog: (taken aback) Pardon?
18) 26) dialog: I called you Sarge.
18) 28) dialog: I didn't call you anything before  that.
18) 30) dialog: No.
18) 32) dialog: No, sir.
18) 34) dialog: No, sir!
18) 36) dialog: No, sir.
18) 38) dialog: Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
18) 40) dialog: No, sir.
18) 63) text: Zack and the others open their packs and suitcases on the sidewalk. With his cane, Foley suddenly spears a pair of  lacy underwear in Casey Seeger's suitcase and dangles it  high in the air.
23) 0) text: Foley collars Della-Serra and turns to the line of candid waiting to get inside.
23) 2) text: The class cracks up laughing, especially big Sid, standin near the end of the line with Zack and Casey.
26) 2) text: A guy in a car traveling alongside the Falcon is getting eyeful. Lynette sees him and gives him a dirty look.
27) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES AHEAD of Zack, Sid and Casey. Navy enlisted behind the counter are handing out "Poopie Suits," "Chrom Domes" and "Boonies" to the candidates as Foley looks on. All the boys are bald. The girls have suffered a military haircut as well, but have been mercifully allowed to keep few inches of coverage.
27) 3) dialog: I knew those commercials were full  of shit.
30) 3) dialog: Whatever you say, Mayonnaise.
30) 5) text: Perryman and Topper select lower bunks and start stowing  their gear in their lockers. Sid takes the other top bunk
30) 11) text: Perryman laughs. Both Zack and Sid are stowing their lock expertly. Zack glances questioningly at the big Okie.
30) 12) dialog: (in reply to his look) I'm a service brat, pal. Same as  you.
30) 13) text: Zack takes five new packs of cards from his suitcase and  hides them in his locker under his skivvies. Sid notices do it.
30) 14) dialog: Someday you'll have to tell me about  Subic.
30) 16) dialog: That Foley looks like he's been  through a war or two.
30) 19) text: Zack, Sid and their roommates push out in their Poopie su
31) 0) text: The candidates line up outside, in their Poopie uniforms. Sid lines up between Zack and Casey. For the moment, Fole is nowhere to be seen, but a Navy lieutenant is talking t Navy captain in SHOT b.g.
31) 1) dialog: Think there's any truth to what he  was saying about those girls? Is  that still going on?
31) 11) text: He leads her off to where the other candidates stand at  attention, leaving Zack and Sid alone, doing push-ups. Th eye Lynette and Paula as they walk past.
32) 4) dialog: (whispers) Look at that hot little blonde!
32) 20) text: The girls go inside.
34) 1) dialog: (softly) I'm so hungry I could die.
34) 10) text: Sid glances over his shoulder at Casey, running tiredly b him.
34) 11) dialog: Hey, Seeger, what're you doing in  this program?
34) 17) dialog: (to Casey) Are you really going for jets?
34) 19) dialog: How about you, Mayo?
34) 21) dialog: I hate to tell you guys, but only  two out of every class make it into  jets. Which one of you is going with  me?
35) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES AROUND the room, past Perryman's snoring fac past Sid, tossing fitfully, so exhausted he keeps mumblin "Yes, sir," over and over in his sleep... finally HOLDING Zack, sleeping so lightly that the SOUND OF HISSING near hand causes his eyes to open, then harden with disgust at what he's seeing. Topper stands at the sink, pissing.
37) 12) text: Zack pulls the piece of fiberboard free and reaches insid Slaving over his boonies, Sid looks up and sees Zack remo from his stash a perfectly spitshined pair of boonies and hand them down to Topper. Laboring over his belt buckle,  Perryman practically drools as he sees the glistening buc Zack suddenly holds up for him to see.
37) 15) dialog: Who you got doing all that for you,  man? Some enlisted guy?
39) 2) dialog: So that's how you do it.
39) 5) dialog: (kidding him) Not if you make it worth my while.  How about free boonies for the  duration?
39) 8) text: Sid laughs. Together, they head back toward the barracks  entrance.
40) 0) text: Zack and Sid are part of the line of stubble-haired AOCs dress white uniforms, watching the door like eagles as a  parade of Puget Debs come into the club, wearing satiny  formals and hopeful smiles. Perryman walks past with his attractive black wife. Casey enters in uniform, hand-in-hand with a handsome you Lieutenant JG, her shortened hair brushed back nicely on sides. She smiles at Zack and he smiles back. Topper approaches one of the girls coming through the doo a short, dumpy little girl with jugs the size of watermel and escorts her toward the ballroom. Then Sid and Zack spot Paula and Lynette coming through t door in clingy little formals, milky-white bosoms pushed high and little gold crosses dangling in the valley betwe
40) 1) dialog: Look, Zack. It's them. Holy shit.  Look at that bodacious set of ta- tas.
40) 3) dialog: Mrs. Rufferwell, ma'am, think you  could introduce us to these attractive  young ladies...?
40) 4) text: Sid immediately fixes his eyes on Lynette. Zack and Paula size each other up as Nellie makes the introductions.
40) 8) dialog: (aside, to Zack) It's grown out more than an inch,  sweetheart.
40) 12) text: Sid offers her his arm and she takes it with a little smi Zack offers Paula his arm and she takes it, meeting his e for an instant.
41) 2) dialog: Yes, ma'am. Four long, hard weeks of  sacrifice for my country... for my  people... for you. But I survived.
41) 31) dialog: Cake walk. Both my dad and my brother  went through it and made it, so I  know I can.
41) 33) dialog: He was. He died.
41) 35) dialog: Yeah.
41) 37) dialog: (somberly) I sure remember Tommy. (beat) Mind if we talked about something  else?
42) 1) dialog: Something tells me you've been here  before.
42) 4) dialog: You're sure it's okay?
42) 6) text: The dress disappears, leaving her torso uncovered. Sid's  face PUSHES INTO SHOT as he kisses his way down her neck  toward her tight little breasts.
42) 7) dialog: You're crazy, girl. You'll respect  me. That's great. But what I meant...
43) 1) dialog: Could you believe those girls!
43) 3) dialog: Jesus, that Lynette! I rode her hard  and put her up wet.
50) 2) text: Paula nods distractedly, her face reflecting genuine fear what awaits her inside the darkened house.
51) 0) text: Her key turns in the lock and the door opens. She tiptoes across the small living room, but as she is passing a doo left slightly ajar, a voice inside the room calls out to  her, making her jump.
52) 0) text: JOE POKRIFKI is a tough, barely-literate Polack with enou hair on his chest to compete with some apes. Ester lies i bed beside him. Paula enters the darkened room and Joe  suddenly snaps on the light, bathing them all in its hars almost police-room glare.
53) 0) text: Paula's two sisters, ages 14 and 10, are awake in their b and listening to the confrontation in the next room. The  empty lower bunk in the over-crammed room belongs to Paul There's a stack of Cosmopolitan magazines beside the bed fan magazine photos of John Travolta taped to the wall ab her pillow.
57) 0) text: Zack and his classmates look around apprehensively as the enter the cavernous old hangar and take seats, along with several other classes from the program, around a raised m Suddenly, shockingly, a bank of lights directly over the go on to illuminate Foley, dressed in a worn and faded pa of black silk pajamas, legs akimbo and arms crossed at th chest. Zack elbows Sid.
57) 2) dialog: (frightened) Shhhh...
57) 5) text: Topper rises to his feet, terrified, and Sid pats him on back.
57) 6) dialog: Go put him in the hospital, kid.
58) 0) text: Zack and Sid sit in their white liberty uniforms at the l bar, nursing beers, Sid anxiously watching the door for  Lynette, Zack busy flirting with an attractive WAITRESS. Town Tavern is a local hangout and there's a sense that a number of the townies are watching the boys in white with resentment.
58) 9) text: Doreen gives Zack her best smile and grudgingly moves off toward the locals around the pool table. The bartender pu fresh beers in front of Sid and Zack.
58) 12) dialog: (facetiously) Nice, hospitable folks they get around  here. (glances at door) I hope she comes.
58) 14) dialog: Get off my case, Mayo. I didn't grow  up rich.
58) 20) dialog: What would you girls like to do?  Want to stick around here for a little  or... or could I suggest another  plan...?
58) 22) dialog: Or we could do that yeah.
58) 28) text: Zack and Sid spin around, surprised. Troy's a big, kid, a dockworker probably, and he seems to tower over Zack.
59) 3) dialog: Let's get out of here Zack.
59) 16) text: Sid pushes her into the car.
63) 0) text: Our CAMERA is the first to ride the Dilbert Dunker, and w are suddenly shooting at high speed down a steep incline  inside a cage-like contraption, painted red. Wham! We hit water at neck-wrenching speed and go under in a swirl of  bubbles! Wait! What's happening? The goddamn cage is turning  somersaults! Which way is up? Which is way up?? A strange looking alien in a wet suit and mask knifes TOWARD US. Hi hands work to extricate us. We rush toward the promise of light and air at the surface. We can hear our own torture breathing. Will we make it?
63) 3) text: Della-Serra clings to the side of the pool and vomits. He grateful to be alive.
63) 9) dialog: almost loses his composure when the harness at first defi his efforts to get it open. Then, he's free and surface-b
63) 12) dialog: Sure.
64) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES DOWN the row of lockers. Sid's is a study in neatness, every pair of skivvies folded identically and  measured with a ruler, which is exactly what he's doing a the moment. Perryman's problem is his belt buckle, which is frantically trying to shine before Foley gets there. Z stands casually by his locker, buffing his fingernails, h shoes and buckle shined to perfection, as always. CAMERA HOLDS on the fourth locker, the one that belonged Topper Daniels. The door to the locker is open and it's e
64) 5) text: Sid gives him a dirty look but Zack ignores it. The SOUND HARSH FOOTSTEPS approaching and the three candidates snap rigid attention by their lockers. Foley walks in and starts inspecting Perryman. Sweat runs down the black's face in rivers. Foley moves on to Sid, c out his locker, then turns to Zack.
69) 26) dialog: (disguising his voice) Don't give up the ship, Mayo!
70) 0) text: Zack is on his hands and knees, scrubbing the floor, when Sid, Perryman and some of the others return from liberty.
71) 2) dialog: Yeah.
71) 6) dialog: What's the matter, Sweet Pea. Foley  finally starting to get to you?
71) 9) dialog: Yeah? He's been telling me I'm not  officer material because I'm not  inner-directed. He thinks I'm here  for my folks... and for my brother.
71) 11) dialog: A little.
71) 17) dialog: Oh yeah? Friend of mine in oh-two  told me he comes from a long line of  Baptist ministers from Georgia.
72) 16) text: Paula seems to consider it for a moment, then she shakes head. It's a fantasy, that's all, far removed from the  realities of her life.
73) 2) text: as they enter and move toward the bleachers where Sid and Lynette are already seated. Zack suddenly stops and scans the bleachers, looking for somebody.
74) 15) text: At that moment, Sid and Lynette come walking up from the  show.
74) 22) dialog: What's a matter, Sweet Pea? We'll  have a little fuss?
74) 23) text: Sid gets on behind him and they drive off.
81) 0) text: SHOOTING THROUGH the passenger window, PAST Sid and Lynet making out hot and heavy, TO Zack as he drives up on his  motorcycle.
81) 1) dialog: See ya, sweetheart.
81) 4) dialog: I kid you not, Mayo, I am in love.  We must've set a new indoor record  today. You want to know how many  times we did it?
81) 6) dialog: What? You've gotta be kidding!
81) 8) dialog: I don't believe that. They're just  having a good time, same as us.
81) 30) dialog: Ashamed? No -- I love you, Lynette.  I mean that. After I leave them,  I'll meet you at the motel, okay?
81) 32) dialog: Lynette, I told you already, it won't  work.
82) 0) text: STARTING ON Zack, eating at Mach Five. THEN INCLUDE Sid a his parents, TOM and BETTY WORLEY, two of the world's  straightest human beings, stiffly WASPish in spite of the down-home Oklahoma drawls, people with so much moral fibe it shines humorless through everything they say or do.
82) 1) dialog: Zack's only a tenth of a second off  the all-time obstacle course record.  He's bound to break it soon.
82) 7) text: Sid looks stricken. He glances at Zack, sees his quizzica expression, and looks away.
82) 8) dialog: We haven't had time to write anybody.
83) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES with Sid and Zack as they make their way tow the LOUD ROCK MUSIC coming out of the legendary "TRADER 
83) 2) dialog: Thanks for covering for me.
83) 4) dialog: My girl back home. We're supposed to  get married after I get my wings.  She was Tommy's girl. They were  engaged to be married before he died. (beat) I should've told you about her. I  don't know why I didn't, except I  didn't want you to think I was a  shit for making it with Lynette.
83) 6) dialog: She's the sweetest person I've ever  known. Loves kids. Works with  handicapped kids every afternoon at  the church. Everybody loves her.
83) 8) dialog: (distracted) Listen, I'm not going to go to that  little reunion party. I'm meeting  Lynette at the motel. (a sheepish grin) Best head in fifty-two states. After  three days of survival training, how  could I resist?
83) 11) dialog: Lynette told me it really tore her  up when you didn't call this week.
83) 14) text: He mock salutes Sid and disappears into T.J.'s.
85) 0) text: Casey pushes him into the backseat of a taxi, but Zack gr her by the hand and tries to pull her inside.
86) 0) text: Sid lies in bed, staring up at the ceiling. WIDEN to incl Lynette, just starting to get dressed beside the bed.
86) 1) dialog: By the way, shouldn't you have had a  period by now?
86) 3) dialog: How late?
86) 5) dialog: Exactly how late are you, Lynette?
86) 7) dialog: No. But that's not the only issue  here, sweetheart. There's a lot more  to it than that.
86) 10) dialog: My responsibility as its father, for  one. I mean, if I've made you  pregnant, I'd want to... do the right  thing.
86) 12) dialog: ...I'd want to pay for the abortion...  I'd want to be with you through the  whole thing... by your side. (beat) So how late are you, Lynette?
87) 0) text: Zack sits in the shower, the water blasting down on his h Sid bursts in.
87) 1) dialog: Zack? God, I'm glad I found you. I  need to talk to you, buddy.
87) 2) text: Zack is a zombie. He groans and gestures Sid off.
87) 4) dialog: But it can't wait.
87) 6) dialog: Guess fucking what! Lynette's missed  her period. What am I gonna do, Zack?  What can I tell my folks?
87) 9) dialog: No, but she's gotta be at least a  month late.
88) 0) text: The class is taking a critical multiple choice exam. Zack struggles against his basic instinct to cheat off of Case paper. He's still slower than most of the others but he's doing okay. It's Sid who's slipping under. His mind is so far away he hasn't even bothered to write his name at the top of the exam paper.
89) 3) dialog: Sir, request permission to make an  emergency phone call, sir!
89) 4) text: The O.O.D. nods and Sid starts feeding quarter into the  payphone on the wall. Zack hangs back, concerned.
89) 15) text: He makes it in one leap but she falls back to the ground, beaten. Zack pauses at the top of the wall and looks down her. Foley watches from the distance. Zack drops back down beside Seeger. She has tears of  frustration in her eyes. She's not going to make it and the realization that she's come this far only to fail is crushing her.
89) 18) text: Seeger nods, almost mesmerized by his decisive tone of vo his sudden emergence as a leader. She starts running, tak off exactly on the mark, and struggles to the top of the  wall. She drops down on the other side and Zack joins her, smil
89) 21) text: Big Sid is trudging slowly toward the 101 Course in his  warmup, his nickname: "LOVERBOY" somehow ironic, especial in this moment. Sid sees Zack looking his way and signals the news to him by putting his arms into a baby-cradling  position and rocking the imaginary off-spring from side t side.
89) 24) dialog: It's a big religious thing with her  and she won't even discuss it.
89) 26) dialog: She said it was up to me. If I don't,  she'll go off and have the baby on  her own somewhere.
89) 29) dialog: I can't let her go off and have the  kid by herself and not do anything.  If it's my kid, too, then I've got a  responsibility, don't I?
89) 31) dialog: But it would still be my kid. That's  the point.
89) 33) dialog: It's mine.
89) 36) dialog: No matter how it happened, if she  goes ahead and has it" Zack, there'll  be a child in the world that's mine -- and I couldn't go through life knowing  that and not knowing its name or  where it lived.
89) 38) text: Sid and Zack sit down with their classmates and start eat
89) 40) text: Foley can be seen at the Instructors' table, IN SHOT BACKGROUND, watching them, but Sid and Zack are oblivious their audience.
89) 41) dialog: (angrily) Maybe it's all bullshit to you, but  that's now how I was raised. I believe  we have a responsibility to the people  in our lives -- that that's the only  thing that separates us from the  goddamn animals! (beat) I'm not like you, Mayo. I can't just  shit on people and then sleep like a  baby all night!
90) 0) text: Wearing full oxygen masks, Zack and Sid are part of a gro of six candidates playing pat-a-cake at simulated altitud inside the claustrophobic-small decompression chamber. An INSTRUCTOR is explaining the test over an intercom, from  outside the windowed chamber.
90) 2) text: Slowly their reactions begin to deteriorate. At first Sid seems amused by his and Zack's fumbling to slap hands. Th as a SHINING SOUND mounts into a crazy place, he begins t panic.
90) 3) dialog: (suddenly, calling) Stop this thing! I said stop it!
90) 4) text: Everyone looks at him strangely. Sid lurches like a drunk his feet and tries to move toward the door. He trips over himself and falls, then stays there with his hands on his ears and his body curled into a fetal position.
90) 5) dialog: I want out! Let me out! Please! Let  me out!
90) 6) text: Zack extricates himself from his harness like a man with  eight thumbs condemned on top of it to move in slow motio He weaves, drops to his knees by Sid, and awkwardly tries enclose him in his arms.
90) 8) text: The WHINING STOPS as they start to back off on the pressu inside the chamber, but they can't do it too fast. Slowly Sid comes to his senses, and his eyes focus on Zack.
90) 10) dialog: I don't know... I felt like... like  I was suffocating... Christ, Zack...  I was so scared... so godddamn  scared...
90) 11) text: Tears are running down Sid's face.
91) 0) text: Zack is on morning "colors" duty. He and one of the lesse known candidates are raising the flag, a bugler standing  nearby, blowing "morning colors". Zack suddenly sees some that chills him. Sid and Foley stand in front of the Admin. Building, Fole saluting the flag, Sid just standing there arms at his si shoulders slumped. As the bugler finishes, Zack turns to his classmate.
91) 7) dialog: He's right, Zack. It doesn't matter.
91) 14) dialog: Zack, don't!
91) 17) dialog: Please, Zack -- go back to the  barracks!
91) 19) dialog: Zack, it wasn't him! He didn't ask  me to D.O.R. I came to him on my  own. (beat) I'm glad it's over, Zack. I really  mean that. He was right. I wasn't  doing this for me.
91) 22) text: Sid keeps running. Zack turns back to Foley and they star at each other a long moment before Zack bitterly salutes  him.
93) 0) text: She sits on the porch of the old home she was born in, he hair up in curlers, doing her nails. The National Paper m sends up pillars of smoke on the horizon. A taxi drives u and Sid steps out, in a sport coat and tie.
93) 1) dialog: Hi, babe. Come on. I've got a couple  of things I want to tell you.
93) 3) dialog: Forget that. Come on. Got a little  surprise...
93) 5) dialog: No way. I'm so happy I'm about to  bust. Here, honey. This is for you.  It cost me my whole savings, but I  said what the fuck.
93) 8) dialog: That's right. Let's get married,  Lynette. Let's find a justice of the  peace and just do it!
93) 11) dialog: We're not gonna be stationed anywhere,  baby. I DORed.
93) 13) dialog: I had to, baby... I'm no aviator. I  was faking it, like I was with  everything else in my life... up  'til right now.
93) 15) dialog: Oklahoma. I can get my old job back  at JC Penney's. In a couple of years,  I'll be floor manager. Oh, you're  gonna love Oklahoma, Lynette. You  and mama'll get along just great. Of  course, money will be a little tight  for a while, but we'll make it.
93) 17) dialog: What?
93) 19) dialog: Well, I'll be goddamned.
93) 20) text: Sid stares at her disbelievingly, but she's telling the t at least partly. There is no baby.
93) 21) dialog: (a big smile) What do you say we get married anyway?  I love you, Lynette. I'm in love  with you... and I didn't realize it  until right this second... but I've  never been happier in my life than I  have been the last seven weekends,  never more relaxed... more loved for  just who I am... (beat) Marry me, Lynette. I love you.
93) 22) text: Lynette looks off at the factory, then back at Sid.
93) 24) text: She throws the engagement ring at him and runs toward the house. Numb to his core, Sid slowly retrieves the ring an gets into her car. He starts it and drives off.
98) 0) text: Carrying a pint bottle of bourbon, Sid weaves his way int the office. He smiles a quirky smile for the WOMAN behind the counter as he hands her some money and she gives him key. As he turns away from the counter, the woman calls after  him.
98) 3) dialog: Ever seen this one?
98) 4) text: He pops the ring in his mouth and swallows it as the woma looks on, speechless. Sid weaves out.
98) 10) text: No reply, then from inside some SOUNDS are heard, a CHAIR FALLING, a sudden, dull SNAPPING NOISE, abrupt and final. Zack throw his weight against the door and it splinters o
98) 14) text: Paula steps into the doorway and utters a little gasp as sees what poor Sid had done to himself.
100) 0) text: The last of the police cars and the one Shore Patrol seda from the base are pulling out of the Tides Inn lot, behin the ambulance that carries Sid's body. Paula stands on th upstairs landing.
102) 14) text: Before Zack can get set, Foley seizes the offensive and s backing him across the ring with a series of fast kicks. Momentarily trapped in the corner, Zack ducks a punch, sl under a crescent kick, and hits his man three times in th face with his foam-padded knuckles, then follows with a k to the mid-section that makes the Marine sink to his knee with a silly expression on his face. Suddenly unafraid of Foley, the class rises to its feet a cheers Zack on. Ad-LIBS of "Get him, Zack!" "No mercy!" "Remember what he did to us!" Quieter mumblings of "Kill the motherfucker." Foley gets to his feet. Zack drops him instantly with a  jumpspinning back kick. Foley gets up again and manages to stay up for a short ti but it's a pathetic mismatch and Zack can land solidly at will with hands and feet. Finally, with a spinning outsid crescent kick that awes his classmates, Zack flattens him again. Foley just lies there, obviously spent. Zack offers him a hand. Foley looks up at him helplessly, shakes his head in defeat, and reaches out to accept his  help. Then, with shocking suddenness, Foley coils his knees to chest, yanks Zack toward him, and -- at the same time --  unleashes a kick straight to Zack's chin. Zack crumples t the canvas and lies there, barely conscious. Foley rises his feet.