18) 0) text: Zack parks his motorcycle near the F-14 "Tomcat" jet figh plane that sits in front of the Admin. Building like a pi of sculpture, and is directed by a Navy lieutenant to wai with the other civilian types under a tree.
56) 0) text: Joe Pokrifki parks his big, old Olds Cutlass and the four Pokrifki women follow him toward the church in their prim Sunday dresses. Lynette and her three brothers climb down from the back o dented and primered pickup truck. Lynette's pained skelet of a mother gets out from behind the wheel and ushers her brood toward the church. There's a shocking difference be the debs who go over to the base on weekends and these pr dressed, almost tomboyishly unmade-up young girls. As the two girls see each other, they exchange supportive smiles.
74) 9) text: She stomps off in the opposite direction.
82) 0) text: STARTING ON Zack, eating at Mach Five. THEN INCLUDE Sid a his parents, TOM and BETTY WORLEY, two of the world's  straightest human beings, stiffly WASPish in spite of the down-home Oklahoma drawls, people with so much moral fibe it shines humorless through everything they say or do.
82) 4) dialog: You guys are lucky you didn't go  through the program when I did. They  used to start that Dilbert Dunker  twice as high as they do now.
82) 6) dialog: And you couldn't just quit like you  can now. When I went through it...  and when my oldest boy went through  it... if you bilged out you were  sent into the fleet as a swabby. (suddenly) Sid, how come you haven't written  Susan in over three weeks?
84) 4) text: His shipmates share a look. Seeger's attention then shift to the dancer. What a body she has. Perfect little coffee cup breasts. A bottom that tightens and relaxes like a fi as she dances to the loud, rock music.
90) 13) text: Zack looks around at the faces, all staring back in judge not just the instructors. By now, the candidates know the symptoms of a DOR as well as anybody. The door to the chamber slams open and Foley is standing  there, grim-faced.