18) 3) dialog: Why would a girl who looks like that  go into the military?
30) 5) text: Perryman and Topper select lower bunks and start stowing  their gear in their lockers. Sid takes the other top bunk
30) 7) dialog: You're a married man, huh, Perryman?
30) 10) dialog: (shakes his head) I still can't believe I did this. A  three-point-eight average from  Amhearst and I signed up for this?
35) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES AROUND the room, past Perryman's snoring fac past Sid, tossing fitfully, so exhausted he keeps mumblin "Yes, sir," over and over in his sleep... finally HOLDING Zack, sleeping so lightly that the SOUND OF HISSING near hand causes his eyes to open, then harden with disgust at what he's seeing. Topper stands at the sink, pissing.
35) 2) dialog: (mortified) I'm afraid to go out there, Zack. I  know he'll catch me. He sleeps in  the head, you know.
37) 8) dialog: Inspection's in five minutes, Mayo!  Give 'em to me.
37) 10) text: Topper gives him a fiver. Totally unrushed, Zack gets up his bunk and starts prying a piece of fiberboard loose fr the ceiling.
37) 12) text: Zack pulls the piece of fiberboard free and reaches insid Slaving over his boonies, Sid looks up and sees Zack remo from his stash a perfectly spitshined pair of boonies and hand them down to Topper. Laboring over his belt buckle,  Perryman practically drools as he sees the glistening buc Zack suddenly holds up for him to see.
40) 0) text: Zack and Sid are part of the line of stubble-haired AOCs dress white uniforms, watching the door like eagles as a  parade of Puget Debs come into the club, wearing satiny  formals and hopeful smiles. Perryman walks past with his attractive black wife. Casey enters in uniform, hand-in-hand with a handsome you Lieutenant JG, her shortened hair brushed back nicely on sides. She smiles at Zack and he smiles back. Topper approaches one of the girls coming through the doo a short, dumpy little girl with jugs the size of watermel and escorts her toward the ballroom. Then Sid and Zack spot Paula and Lynette coming through t door in clingy little formals, milky-white bosoms pushed high and little gold crosses dangling in the valley betwe
57) 5) text: Topper rises to his feet, terrified, and Sid pats him on back.
57) 7) dialog: He can't touch me. That's the law.
57) 8) text: Foley grins sadistically as he watches Topper climb up on the mat.
57) 10) text: Topper stares at him, then stammers:
57) 11) dialog: Sir, this Officer Candidate doesn't  understand what you're asking, sir.
57) 13) text: He leaps on Topper like a cat, grabbing the boy's throat  between his thumb and forefinger, seemingly intent upon  killing him but, in reality, scaring him more than actual hurting him that much.
57) 15) text: Topper's eyes bug in horror.
57) 16) dialog: Please... no... I can't breathe...
57) 19) dialog: finally starts fighting back. Convinced this maniac means kill him to make his point, he finally summons enough sur instinct to wrestle Foley's hand from his throat. He sink to the floor of the ring and struggles to catch his breat
57) 20) dialog: You... had... no right! You can't...  touch... us! It's the... law!
57) 23) text: Topper hurries to comply, while Foley swaggers to the edg of the mat, sits down and starts putting foam safety-kick pads on his feet, really getting off on this.
63) 18) dialog: (scared shitless) Does this thing hit with the same  impact as an actual plane?
63) 20) text: Topper nods and gives a thumbs up.
63) 24) text: The instant the diver is within grasp of the totally unst boy, Topper grabs him in a dying man's grip that even the brawny frogman is unable to break. The diver hits him once, twice, but Topper clings to him  even tighter and, as they wrestle, the harness further sn them both. The scream now becomes the scream of two drown men.
64) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES DOWN the row of lockers. Sid's is a study in neatness, every pair of skivvies folded identically and  measured with a ruler, which is exactly what he's doing a the moment. Perryman's problem is his belt buckle, which is frantically trying to shine before Foley gets there. Z stands casually by his locker, buffing his fingernails, h shoes and buckle shined to perfection, as always. CAMERA HOLDS on the fourth locker, the one that belonged Topper Daniels. The door to the locker is open and it's e