1) 7) dialog: Yes, Sir.
2) 0) text: Byron and Zack step aboard one of the colorful jeepneys t Manila is famous for. We MOVE WITH the jeepney as it leav the airport and starts down the highway toward Olongapo. The boy is frightened but he's also excited by the strang super-chrome and ornately-decorated vehicle he's riding i They're not alone in the small bus. Ten or more Filipinos ride with them, some in suits and ties, others in the rou attire of farmers. One old woman carries a big cage on he lap with a squawking fluttering chicken in it.
2) 2) text: He helps Zack out of his coat.
2) 4) dialog: Yes, sir.
2) 6) dialog: I been calling for four months.
3) 0) text: The jeepney has only two passengers now, Byron and Zack. roadside sign reads: "U.S. NAVAL FACILITY, SUBIC BAY ... miles."
4) 0) text: Known throughout the Seventh Fleet as the armpit of the  Orient, Olongapo is one, long rain-rutted street of gaudy bars and rattan-walled whorehouses. Countless jeepneys careen past with their silly fringe aw and chrome accoutrements, many filled with U.S. sailor bo and officers on liberty. Zack and Byron's jeepney ENTERS SHOT and stops in front o the noisiest and raunchiest bar on the strip.
5) 0) text: CAMERA CONTINUES MOVING with Zack and Byron as they cross through the NOISY bar toward a stairwell at the back. Nav enlisted men are making out openly with bar girls and Zac even sees one little girl stick her hand right down the f 40 of a sailor boy's pants. Byron glances at the boy, a little embarrassed by his dig Zack is staring at every girl he passes, nervous but a li excited by it all, too.
6) 0) text: They walk in and find two semi-naked prostitutes lying on the bed. Zack's eyes are as big as silver dollars.
6) 4) dialog: Great.
6) 6) dialog: I ain't never going back to that  school, sir.
6) 8) dialog: I don't care about that. I just ain't  going back. You don't want me? Okay.  I'll find me another place.
6) 12) text: Zack keeps moving.
6) 14) dialog: (turns) What for?
6) 16) dialog: (brightens) Thank you, sir!
7) 0) text: Zack sits on the stairs watching a crazy scene taking pla on the long bar. A bunch of jet pilots off one of the car are in town and they're playing a game of "chicken". Each pilot must take a turn being pushed down the bar in a cha on rollers. The winner is the guy who flies the farthest  without bailing out of his chair. The whores are rooting  them on and gambling money is being waved in the air. As  Tiki, one of Byron's girls, climbs the stairs, he catches her hand and gestures questioningly in the direction of t hotshot fliers.
7) 4) text: Zack hides the money.
8) 0) text: Zack is walking along the main drag, looking in the curio stores, when the two Filipino boys approach him, smiling  innocently.
8) 2) dialog: Yeah. I've been here a couple of  weeks.
8) 4) text: The two boys laugh and Zack laughs, too, trusting them.
8) 5) dialog: Sure. I guess it's okay.
8) 6) text: They start off together but as they reach a narrow alleyw the two boys shove Zack into it.
8) 7) dialog: Hey!
8) 9) dialog: I don't have any money.
8) 11) text: The first Filipino kicks Zack in the balls.
10) 0) text: Zack Mayo drives up and climbs an outside stairway to a s story entrance.
10) 2) dialog: Shore Patrol! Shore Patrol! Open  up!!
10) 4) dialog: Hi, Byron.
10) 6) dialog: Neither have you, pard!
10) 9) dialog: You were out at sea! Hey, guess what?  I graduated. I got my degree.
10) 11) dialog: Yeah, I made some money down there,  then I talked my way into another  college and I did it. I wasn't magna  cum laude but I did okay. You  should've seen me in my cap and gown.
10) 13) text: Zack's expression sheds some doubt on that subject but By chooses to ignore it. He turns to the prostitute.
11) 0) text: It's an orgy, all right. Father and son style. Zack and h girl on the left half of the bed, Byron and his girl on t right. Pumping away. Drinking and passing a wine bottle  around. Candles burning in dishes flickering against the seedy wa where the only decorations are monkeywood carvings Byron  brought back from the Philippines.
11) 5) dialog: Ay, palequero. Never hochi in the  P.I.
12) 0) text: Zack awakens and finds himself entangled in arms and legs and soiled sheets. He carefully slips free and rises to h feet on unsteady legs, his head pounding, his eyes blood- red. As he's pulling on his shorts, his eyes suddenly take in apartment and the lifestyle it represents: half-smoked jo and cigarettes cascading out of makeshift ashtrays; empty wine bottles; and three naked people, snoring, their bodi draped over one another. A look of profound disgust comes over Zack's face and he  turns away from the scene and heads into the bathroom.
13) 0) text: Zack finds some aspirins and downs them with a glass of w Suddenly, Byron comes in, shoves him out of the way, and  pukes in the toilet. Zack stares at him in an intense way seeing more than the moment, seeing all the other times h played out this scene with this man.
13) 2) text: Zack hands him the towel. Byron swigs some mouthwash, the turns to his son.
13) 4) text: Zack says nothing but there's something on his mind.
13) 6) dialog: Get ready pard. This one's gonna  blow you away.
13) 8) dialog: I joined the Navy.
13) 9) text: Byron's face drops and Zack laughs.
13) 11) dialog: That's right. I'm on my way over to  this officer school in Port Ranier.
13) 13) dialog: To fly jets. To be the fastest  motherfucker in the world. You gotta  come and visit me. I'm only a couple  hours away.
13) 15) dialog: Nobody. It just came to me.
13) 16) text: Byron starts to laugh and Zack reddens slightly.
13) 19) dialog: Look, I Ill be seeing you, Pard.  Take care.
13) 20) text: Zack leaves the bathroom and starts putting his clothes o
13) 22) dialog: You afraid you'll have to salute me,  Chief?
13) 24) dialog: I don't know. That's just how it  sounded. Well, I'll see you.
13) 27) dialog: (turns, grins) From you, pard? Never. Thanks for  the graduation present.
18) 0) text: Zack parks his motorcycle near the F-14 "Tomcat" jet figh plane that sits in front of the Admin. Building like a pi of sculpture, and is directed by a Navy lieutenant to wai with the other civilian types under a tree.
18) 42) text: Zack starts to chuckle and Foley eyeballs him hard.
18) 44) dialog: No, sir!
18) 45) text: Foley pushes his face close to Zack's and tries to stare down. Zack just stares back, totally unintimidated.
18) 47) text: Zack keeps a straight face.
18) 49) dialog: Mayo, Zack Mayo, sir!
18) 51) dialog: Not exactly, sir.
18) 54) dialog: Subic Bay, sir. In the Philippines.
18) 63) text: Zack and the others open their packs and suitcases on the sidewalk. With his cane, Foley suddenly spears a pair of  lacy underwear in Casey Seeger's suitcase and dangles it  high in the air.
23) 2) text: The class cracks up laughing, especially big Sid, standin near the end of the line with Zack and Casey.
27) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES AHEAD of Zack, Sid and Casey. Navy enlisted behind the counter are handing out "Poopie Suits," "Chrom Domes" and "Boonies" to the candidates as Foley looks on. All the boys are bald. The girls have suffered a military haircut as well, but have been mercifully allowed to keep few inches of coverage.
30) 0) text: The names on the door are: "PERRYMAN, MAYO, WORLEY and  DANIELS." Zack is the first one through the door and he g the upper bunk by the window. His roommates come in and s a look as they see what he's done. LOUIS PERRYMAN is a no nonsense black, a few years older than the other, like Za
30) 2) dialog: He said it's up to us and I got here  first, didn't I?
30) 11) text: Perryman laughs. Both Zack and Sid are stowing their lock expertly. Zack glances questioningly at the big Okie.
30) 13) text: Zack takes five new packs of cards from his suitcase and  hides them in his locker under his skivvies. Sid notices do it.
30) 15) text: Zack says nothing. Both boys start changing into their sl fitting Poopie suits. 
30) 17) dialog: I've seen better.
30) 19) text: Zack, Sid and their roommates push out in their Poopie su
31) 0) text: The candidates line up outside, in their Poopie uniforms. Sid lines up between Zack and Casey. For the moment, Fole is nowhere to be seen, but a Navy lieutenant is talking t Navy captain in SHOT b.g.
31) 2) dialog: Sure it is, Sweet Pea, but he  should've warned you 'scuzzy' female  types about the 'Puget Dudes.' They'll  tell you they're wearing a rubber  but they've bit a little hole in the  end.
31) 4) dialog: Maybe we'll be roommates, Seeger,  and you'll find out how funny I really  am...
31) 11) text: He leads her off to where the other candidates stand at  attention, leaving Zack and Sid alone, doing push-ups. Th eye Lynette and Paula as they walk past.
32) 5) text: Zack is staring at Paula.
34) 4) text: They go at it like animals, stuffing their faces as fast they can, Zack the fastest eater of all. He finishes in n time at all and busses his tray. He smiles smugly as he p Foley and the D.I. reacts.
34) 13) text: Zack runs behind Seeger.
34) 14) dialog: Hey, baby, you could get sent to  war, get your ass shot down.
34) 16) dialog: Great. You can go in my place.
34) 20) dialog: Jets.
34) 31) text: Zack and the others can't take their eyes off the advance class. It's literally impossible to imagine ever being th well-conditioned.
35) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES AROUND the room, past Perryman's snoring fac past Sid, tossing fitfully, so exhausted he keeps mumblin "Yes, sir," over and over in his sleep... finally HOLDING Zack, sleeping so lightly that the SOUND OF HISSING near hand causes his eyes to open, then harden with disgust at what he's seeing. Topper stands at the sink, pissing.
35) 1) dialog: What the fuck're you doing, Topper?
35) 3) dialog: He doesn't sleep in the head, man.  He just says those things. Shit! I  just cleaned that sink this morning!
36) 0) text: Zack comes out of the head, Candidates Della-Serra and Ma on his heels. Zack wears a white T-shirt and the khaki pa of the uniform they've been issued after "Poopie Week". H shoes are spit-shined to perfection, his belt brassoed to lustrous shine, and his hair is now about an inch long. H pats it back with his hands, primping.
36) 2) text: He rubs Zack's head and Zack pulls away.
36) 3) dialog: Hey! I worked on it for thirty  minutes!
36) 4) text: Zack snaps Della-Serra with his towel, spots a couple of  female candidates leaving the woman's head, looks around see if any's watching, and crosses by the stairwell towar Seeger's room.
37) 0) text: Zack pushes the door open and stands there, grinning, as  Gonzales rushes into her uniform. Seeger just sits there her bunk, in her khaki pants and a bra, spit-shining her  boonies.
37) 1) dialog: Good morning, girls.
37) 3) dialog: Hey, did you hear? Sands and  Kantrowitz DORed last night. (His killer grim) Survival of the fittest.
37) 5) dialog: You got it, Sweet Pea. (eyeing her breasts) Nice boonies, Seeger.
37) 6) text: Casey smiles easily and Zack pushes off down the corridor
37) 9) dialog: Where's your money?
37) 10) text: Topper gives him a fiver. Totally unrushed, Zack gets up his bunk and starts prying a piece of fiberboard loose fr the ceiling.
37) 12) text: Zack pulls the piece of fiberboard free and reaches insid Slaving over his boonies, Sid looks up and sees Zack remo from his stash a perfectly spitshined pair of boonies and hand them down to Topper. Laboring over his belt buckle,  Perryman practically drools as he sees the glistening buc Zack suddenly holds up for him to see.
37) 13) dialog: Two bucks a buckle, Perryman. Look  at that shine! Boonies'll cost you  five.
37) 16) text: Not one to give away his secrets, Zack just smiles, and  replaces the boots and buckle in his stash.
37) 18) dialog: I don't notice anyone else  complaining.
38) 0) text: Zack struggles to comprehend the mumbo-jumbo of higher ph being demonstrated on the blackboard by the instructor, a Navy Lieutenant. All the candidates are using slide rules work out the difficult problems. QUICK CLOSE SHOTS reveal that most of the candidates have pretty fair facility with the slide rule, but Zack looks  like he's never had one in his hand until now.
39) 0) text: STARTING CLOSE ON a row of shined boots and a row of shin buckles WE WIDEN to reveal an enlisted sailor and Zack,  scrutinizing the boots and buckles spread out on a Navy i blanket. Zack nods his satisfaction, hands over a wad of  currency, and carefully starts folding the edges of the  blanket around his booty as the sailor disappears into th darkness. Then, as Zack lifts his Santa's sack of goodies over his shoulder, and turns around to go, he stops sudde
39) 3) text: Zack looks like a thief caught in the act.
39) 4) dialog: Hey, you gonna tell anybody about  this?
39) 6) text: Zack smiles, realizing his roommate is putting him on.
39) 7) dialog: How about you kiss my ass?
40) 0) text: Zack and Sid are part of the line of stubble-haired AOCs dress white uniforms, watching the door like eagles as a  parade of Puget Debs come into the club, wearing satiny  formals and hopeful smiles. Perryman walks past with his attractive black wife. Casey enters in uniform, hand-in-hand with a handsome you Lieutenant JG, her shortened hair brushed back nicely on sides. She smiles at Zack and he smiles back. Topper approaches one of the girls coming through the doo a short, dumpy little girl with jugs the size of watermel and escorts her toward the ballroom. Then Sid and Zack spot Paula and Lynette coming through t door in clingy little formals, milky-white bosoms pushed high and little gold crosses dangling in the valley betwe
40) 4) text: Sid immediately fixes his eyes on Lynette. Zack and Paula size each other up as Nellie makes the introductions.
40) 7) dialog: (rubbing his head) You told us it would grow out an  inch.
40) 9) text: Zack stifles a chuckle.
40) 12) text: Sid offers her his arm and she takes it with a little smi Zack offers Paula his arm and she takes it, meeting his e for an instant.
41) 4) dialog: Hey, what kind of name is Pokrifki?
41) 6) dialog: Italian. My mom was Irish. I got her  ears. But the rest is all wop.
41) 8) dialog: Everywhere and nowhere, Paula the  Polack.
41) 10) dialog: (straight-faced) My father is a Rear Admiral in the  Seventh Fleet.
41) 12) dialog: Yeah. We've lived all over the world.  Katmandu, Moscow, Nairobi.
41) 16) text: Zack just smiles.
41) 18) dialog: No, and I'm not looking for one  either.
41) 21) text: Zack just grins.
41) 22) dialog: I hear most of the girls who come to  these things are looking for a  husband.
41) 24) dialog: Yeah? Why're you here?
41) 26) dialog: Do you go to school?
41) 43) text: She continues on with Zack.
41) 46) dialog: Who knows? Guys a lot smarter than  me are dropping out like flies.
41) 48) dialog: You're a very pretty girl, Paula.
43) 2) dialog: 'Nellie's Nymphos!'
43) 4) text: Zack shadowboxes with his reflection in the mirror.
43) 5) dialog: (clowning) Look out, Foley! I'm ready to take  you on for another week!
57) 0) text: Zack and his classmates look around apprehensively as the enter the cavernous old hangar and take seats, along with several other classes from the program, around a raised m Suddenly, shockingly, a bank of lights directly over the go on to illuminate Foley, dressed in a worn and faded pa of black silk pajamas, legs akimbo and arms crossed at th chest. Zack elbows Sid.
57) 1) dialog: Look at Foley! Can you believe it!
57) 3) text: Zack looks around and the faces of the others are similar disquieted by the sight. How do you describe the presence death in a room? But it's there. Foley brought it in with him.
58) 0) text: Zack and Sid sit in their white liberty uniforms at the l bar, nursing beers, Sid anxiously watching the door for  Lynette, Zack busy flirting with an attractive WAITRESS. Town Tavern is a local hangout and there's a sense that a number of the townies are watching the boys in white with resentment.
58) 1) dialog: (to the Waitress) Hey, baby... c'mere...
58) 4) dialog: Kiss it, baby. Make it grow.
58) 6) dialog: So, when do you get off?
58) 9) text: Doreen gives Zack her best smile and grudgingly moves off toward the locals around the pool table. The bartender pu fresh beers in front of Sid and Zack.
58) 13) dialog: She'll come, pard. A rich socialite  Oakie like you oughta be a big catch  around these parts.
58) 16) dialog: I think we're making some of the  locals jealous.
58) 18) dialog: Me, too.
58) 24) dialog: My kinda group!
58) 28) text: Zack and Sid spin around, surprised. Troy's a big, kid, a dockworker probably, and he seems to tower over Zack.
58) 29) dialog: What did you call us?
58) 31) text: Zack looks more amused by it all than threatened. He shak his head and starts out the door with his friends. Troy a some of the other locals share a look, and follow.
59) 0) text: Troy jobs out of the place and plants himself in front of Zack.
59) 2) dialog: Yeah, what do you want to know?
59) 4) text: A circle is forming around Zack and Troy. Paula looks  frightened. Lynette looks turned on.
59) 6) dialog: Hey, pard, why don't you go back  inside and cool off.
59) 9) text: He charges after Zack, and knocks his cap off.
59) 11) dialog: looks around the other locals who clustered earlier aroun their champion, but they're all staring at him, afraid. Taking Paula by the hand, he leads the foursome away.
59) 14) dialog: (snaps) Lynette, just keep your mouth shut  until we get to the motel. Will you  do that for me, please.
60) 0) text: Zack lies on the bed, aloof, brooding, and doing some ser drinking from a pint bottle of rum. Paula watches from a  chair.
60) 3) dialog: I shouldn't have done that. I  should've walked.
60) 5) dialog: There's always a choice.
60) 7) dialog: (snaps) I don't feel like talking, if you  don't mind.
60) 9) text: She starts for the door. Zack barely even looks up.
60) 10) dialog: You want me to fuck you? Is that it?  Okay, come here. Take your clothes  off. Get into bed.
60) 12) dialog: Forget it. Just get out of here.
60) 15) dialog: Be a friend. Leave.
60) 17) text: Zack rises from the bed and very slowly approaches her. P almost flinches as he stops a few feet away. Then he lean forward and kisses her as gently as he knows how. Very  tentatively, she responds.
62) 1) dialog: You stayed after all.
62) 3) dialog: I'm starving.
62) 5) dialog: Paula, I never try to fool anybody  about who I am, what I want... so if  even in the back of your --
62) 7) dialog: What do you want, Paula? What do you  really want?
62) 9) dialog: That's it?
62) 10) text: She nods and turns away, so he can't see her eyes and kno how much she's lying. Zack finishes off his eggs and baco downs his coffee. As she comes over to refill his cup, he unbuttons her blouse and starts playing with her nipples.
62) 11) dialog: Mmmm. Last night was fantastic.
62) 14) text: Zack laughs.
62) 16) dialog: You're better than candy.
62) 19) dialog: Getting cocky, aren't you? Huh, you  little Polack? Getting feisty on me,  huh?
62) 20) text: He takes her in his arms and they kiss. The moment turns  suddenly real and Zack finds himself pulling away, afraid the feelings that are churning his guts. Paula studies hi moment.
62) 22) dialog: I've never had a girl.
62) 24) dialog: I forgot to thank you for breakfast.
63) 7) dialog: waits until the turning has stopped, studies the directio his air bubbles are taking as he unfastens his harness, a pulls himself down and out of the Dunker.
63) 11) dialog: You okay?
64) 2) dialog: I can't risk it.
64) 4) dialog: Sorry, pard. Wouldn't want you to  get an honor violation.
64) 5) text: Sid gives him a dirty look but Zack ignores it. The SOUND HARSH FOOTSTEPS approaching and the three candidates snap rigid attention by their lockers. Foley walks in and starts inspecting Perryman. Sweat runs down the black's face in rivers. Foley moves on to Sid, c out his locker, then turns to Zack.
64) 9) text: Foley turns and strides out. Zack meets his roommates' ey for an instant, knowing he's finished. Perryman doesn't l too sad about it. He whispers in Zack's ear as he walks p enroute to the door.
64) 11) text: Zack stares daggers at him.
65) 0) text: Foley is doing paperwork at his desk as Zack approaches a knocks on the door.
65) 2) text: Zack enters and stands at attention in front of Foley's d He knows it's all over.
65) 4) dialog: No, sir. You can kick me out, but  I'm not quitting.
65) 6) text: Zack salutes, makes a smart turn, and marches out.
66) 0) text: Foley is putting Zack through hell. With his heavy rifle  raised overhead and a full pack on his back, he runs thro the wet sand at the beach, to the cadence of his D.I.'s j call. Foley runs with him a vulture waiting for the  inevitable.
66) 2) text: Zack is dying under his heavy helmet, but he says nothing
67) 2) text: Zack follows his gaze to the Obstacle Course where Seeger struggling to pull herself over the ten-foot wall, with t same results as last time.
67) 4) dialog: No, sir! It was the hardest thing I  ever did, sir! Until this.
67) 6) text: Zack shoots him a quick look, wondering how much he knows
67) 8) dialog: I'm doing okay, sir.
67) 10) text: Zack says nothing but Foley's getting to him in ways nobo has in years, if ever.
68) 0) text: Foley is putting Mayo through his rifle drills, in the  sweeping light from the old tower. Zack's jaw is set with determination but Foley won't let up.
69) 0) text: Zack lies prone at the top of the bunker, his feet about inches off the ground, Foley standing over him, smiling.
69) 2) dialog: Sir, this candidate believes he'll  make a good officer, sir!
69) 4) dialog: Sir, that's not true! I love my  country!
69) 6) text: Foley puts his lips close to Zack's ear and whispers:
69) 8) text: Zack's legs are shaking wildly with the effort to keep th aloft.
69) 9) dialog: I want to fly, sir!
69) 11) dialog: I want to fly jets, sir!
69) 13) dialog: No, sir!
69) 15) dialog: I don't want to do something anybody  can do.
69) 17) dialog: That's not true, sir! I've changed a  lot since I've been here! And I'm  gonna make it, sir!
69) 19) text: Zack bolts up suddenly, meeting his eyes.
69) 20) dialog: (defiantly) I got nothing else to fall back on.  Sir! This is it for me... and I'm  gonna do it!
69) 32) dialog: Yes, sir!
70) 0) text: Zack is on his hands and knees, scrubbing the floor, when Sid, Perryman and some of the others return from liberty.
70) 2) dialog: Hey, Sid, thanks.
71) 1) dialog: Hey, you guys still awake?
71) 4) dialog: Hey, do you guys ever... feel like  you don't belong here...?
71) 7) dialog: Naw.
71) 10) dialog: That isn't true, is it?
71) 12) text: Zack shakes his head, impressed.
71) 13) dialog: How about that prick! He told me he  wasn't officer material because he  grew up poor like me.
71) 15) dialog: The kid on the windy side of the  baker's window. That's how he put  it.
71) 19) dialog: How about that prick!
72) 1) dialog: That was great.
72) 5) dialog: I'll get it if you want.
72) 7) dialog: I don't want to move. But somebody  has to move sometime. Eventually.
72) 9) text: Zack laughs and the connection is nearly broken. Suddenly Zack just takes her face in his hands and kisses her in a most loving way.
72) 10) dialog: All week I kept thinking about you  guys in that sailboat.
72) 15) dialog: What's stopping you?
72) 18) dialog: That's no excuse for not going after  what you want.
72) 20) text: They share a stretch of silence, Zack retreating into him his eyes somehow far away.
72) 21) dialog: (after a silence) My old lady swallowed a bottle of  pills one day while I was at school.
72) 23) dialog: The thing that really got to me...  she didn't leave a note. Nothing.  I've always hated her for that.
72) 25) dialog: Naw. You're alone in this world no  matter what kinda folks or background  you had. Nothing hurts, pard, once  you got that one down.
73) 2) text: as they enter and move toward the bleachers where Sid and Lynette are already seated. Zack suddenly stops and scans the bleachers, looking for somebody.
73) 3) dialog: I'm sorry. I can't sit with you.
73) 6) dialog: How're you doing, pard?
73) 9) dialog: Nobody. Just a girl I've been making  it with the last couple of weekends.
73) 11) dialog: Yeah, I sort of thought so myself.
73) 13) dialog: Yeah, I know.
73) 15) dialog: That what she was... a Norfolk Deb?
73) 17) dialog: (testy) What if I want to talk about her,  pard? What then? You know, that's  all I've ever heard from you, since  I was a kid... you never want to  talk about that, man, and it's  important.
73) 19) text: The JETS ROAR close overhead and Zack has to raise his vo to be heard.
73) 20) dialog: That's not how she told it. She said  you wrote her every week you were  away.
73) 22) dialog: She said you told her in every letter  how much you loved her, how you wanted  to marry her, have children with  her...
73) 24) dialog: I found them, pard, and read them  myself, right after she did it!
73) 26) dialog: (suddenly livid) What did you call her? What did I  hear you call her, you son of a bitch?
73) 28) dialog: (screaming above the  noise) She loved you, you bastard! And she  believed you when you said you loved  her! She never gave up thinking you'd  come back (beat) Don't you ever talk about her like  that again or I'll kill you, Byron!
73) 29) text: Zack pushes toward the exit, shaking with anger.
74) 0) text: Zack is halfway to his parked motorcycle when Paula sudde appears, running after him.
74) 4) dialog: Nothing. Go back to the show, Paula.
74) 6) dialog: (snaps) Hey, will you just leave me alone?
74) 7) text: Paula stops, hurt. Zack keeps on walking toward his bike.
74) 11) dialog: (suddenly) Hey, isn't it about time you had me  over for Sunday dinner?
74) 13) dialog: Come on. Invite me. All day the idea  of a family Sunday dinner's been  coming into my head. Since you're  the only one I know around here with  family...
74) 18) dialog: Hey, what about Sunday dinner? When're  you gonna let me know?
76) 4) text: Both women move to the window as they hear his MOTORCYCLE APPROACH. Zack motors up, and starts for the door, a bouq of flowers in his hand, his white liberty uniform almost  sparkling in the bright sunshine. Esther's eyes become so almost limpid.
77) 0) text: Joe Pokrifki is watching Zack from the living room window threatened to his core. The DOORBELL RINGS and Paula move past him to answer it. Seeing the expression on her fathe face, she stops.
78) 0) text: Zack stands there with the flowers in his hand, smiling  eagerly.
78) 1) dialog: Hi.
78) 3) dialog: No, they're for your mom.
79) 0) text: The flowers he brought are in a vase on the table. Esther serving out helpings of stew. As she serves Zack, she mee his eyes and smiles an almost flirtatious smile.
79) 2) dialog: My pleasure, Mrs. Pokrifki.
79) 3) text: Across the table from Zack, Joe is staring their way in a most hostile manner.
79) 5) dialog: Just three, ma'am.
79) 6) text: Again, a flirtatious look. Joe sees it. And so does Paula To compound matters, Paula's little sisters are also flir with Zack, and Joe Pokrifki is taking it all as a threat his castle, an outright attack on his manhood. Finally, Zack can handle his stares no longer. He smiles most disarming smile and meets the man's gaze.
79) 7) dialog: Sir, excuse me, but why're you looking  at me like that?
79) 11) dialog: Great dinner! Mrs. Pokrifki.  Absolutely the best meal I've had in  a long, long time.
79) 16) text: Zack rises and follows her out.
80) 0) text: As they leave the house and start down the street, Paula  starts to cry and Zack puts his arm around her shoulders.
80) 2) dialog: No, it's okay. It was a great free  meal. Everybody was so uptight I  felt sorry for you.
80) 6) dialog: Yeah, then if I get jets, it's on to  Beeville, Texas.
80) 9) dialog: (lying) No. Is that what you want?
80) 11) dialog: What would you do differently?
80) 13) dialog: Why'd your mom marry that guy if she  didn't love him?
80) 15) dialog: Your real father?
80) 20) dialog: Your real father was an Officer  candidate like me?
80) 22) dialog: No wonder he was looking at me like  that.
80) 23) text: Paula watches him closely. Zack checks his wristwatch.
80) 24) dialog: Uh-oh. Time to get back to the wars.
80) 27) dialog: I'll try, but this week we go into  survival training, so I can't make  any promises. (lamely) Well, thanks again for dinner. Thank  your mom again for me, will you?
80) 29) dialog: I know that.
81) 0) text: SHOOTING THROUGH the passenger window, PAST Sid and Lynet making out hot and heavy, TO Zack as he drives up on his  motorcycle.
81) 2) text: He gets out and get on behind Zack.
81) 5) dialog: (sharply) You'd better get smart, man. It's  time to walk away.
81) 7) dialog: Remember what Foley said? His little  warning? Those are the girls he was  talking about. They're out to marry  us any way they can.
81) 9) dialog: That's what they want you to think,  but I saw where she lived, what is  she's trying to get away from. (urgently) Just take my word for it, pard. Break  it off now. Do it this week.
81) 45) dialog: (beat) Tell her I already split.
82) 0) text: STARTING ON Zack, eating at Mach Five. THEN INCLUDE Sid a his parents, TOM and BETTY WORLEY, two of the world's  straightest human beings, stiffly WASPish in spite of the down-home Oklahoma drawls, people with so much moral fibe it shines humorless through everything they say or do.
82) 3) dialog: Your son is the one reason I'm still  in the program, Mrs. Worley. He's  pulled me through every exam.
82) 5) dialog: (mouth full of food) That's really interesting, sir.
82) 7) text: Sid looks stricken. He glances at Zack, sees his quizzica expression, and looks away.
82) 10) dialog: No, ma'am. All he ever talks about  is, us, Susan.
83) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES with Sid and Zack as they make their way tow the LOUD ROCK MUSIC coming out of the legendary "TRADER 
83) 3) dialog: No problem, but who's Susan?
83) 5) dialog: I'm not your folks, man. You love  this... Susan?
83) 7) dialog: I didn't ask you all that, Sweet  Pea. I asked if you loved her.
83) 9) text: Zack rubs his buddy's bristle-brush of hair, affectionate
83) 10) dialog: You should've done what I did. A  clean break.
83) 12) text: For an instant, Zack's mind seems to be on Paula, but he  pushes her out fast.
83) 13) dialog: There's women for you, pard. They  tell you they're in it for the laughs,  but it's always a fucking lie. (a loud whoop) Look out, Trader Jon's, I'm in the  mood for some fun!
84) 0) text: STARTING ON THE PHOTOS of The Blue Angels that crowd the  walls... a lithe, young stripper DANCES INTO FRAME. Hangi from a net overhead are countless model airplanes. Seeger, Della-Serra, Perryman and Zack are at the bar, dr raised in toast.
84) 1) dialog: Hey, guys -- we did it. We survived!
84) 2) text: They clink glasses. As the others sip their beers, Zack d a double shot of tequila and pushes his glass toward the  grizzly-looking bartender, old TRADER JON himself.
84) 3) dialog: Give me another double Tequila.
84) 11) dialog: (smashed) Lemme show you little game called  "Crash and Burn".
84) 13) dialog: Listen up, dick-brains! This is how  we separate the jet jockeys from the  helo-boys. Guy who flies the farthest  without crashing and burning... he's  hot shit!
84) 17) dialog: Come on! Give me a push! Never hochi  in the P.I. you see jet-jockey so  hot like me!
84) 19) text: Seeger approaches Zack.
84) 21) dialog: Just trying to have fun. That fucking  prison is really starting to get to  me. C'mon, Seeger. Gimme a push. (beat) Fuck you guys! I'll do it myself!
84) 22) text: He pushes off with his feet and the chair glides down the bar, knocking over glasses and beer bottles. The chair an its rider topple over the bar and Zack goes sprawling ont table, laughing like a looney.
84) 26) text: Perryman and Della-Serra nod and head off to deal with th man while she goes to Zack.
85) 0) text: Casey pushes him into the backseat of a taxi, but Zack gr her by the hand and tries to pull her inside.
85) 1) dialog: C'mon, Seeger. Let's go to the Tides  Inn Motel.
87) 0) text: Zack sits in the shower, the water blasting down on his h Sid bursts in.
87) 2) text: Zack is a zombie. He groans and gestures Sid off.
87) 3) dialog: Talk to me in the morning. I feel  like shit.
87) 8) dialog: Calm down, Sweet Pea. She seen a  doctor?
87) 10) dialog: Doesn't mean shit. Get her to a  doctor. You can't do anything until  you hear what he says. Make the  appointment yourself.
88) 0) text: The class is taking a critical multiple choice exam. Zack struggles against his basic instinct to cheat off of Case paper. He's still slower than most of the others but he's doing okay. It's Sid who's slipping under. His mind is so far away he hasn't even bothered to write his name at the top of the exam paper.
89) 4) text: The O.O.D. nods and Sid starts feeding quarter into the  payphone on the wall. Zack hangs back, concerned.
89) 6) text: Zack glares at Foley and runs up the stairs.
89) 10) text: He starts several of the others AD LIB. Then it's Zack's  turn.
89) 12) text: Zack takes off across the course with a gleam in his eye. wants that record. Zack dances through the innertubes, ha over hands the parallel bars, and churns his way through stretch of knee-deep sand, his classmates cheering him on wanting the record, too, wanting to leave their mark. They all wear warmups similar to the ones worn by the cra squad they saw in the early days of training, except that their shirts are gold and their pants are blue. On the front of their shirts is an insignia and the words "FOLEY'S FIRE EATERS." Their nicknames have been printed  boldly on the back: "MAYONNAISE," "B. SANDWICH," "THE MAR
89) 14) dialog: (calling) Come on, Seeger! Let's go over it  together!
89) 15) text: He makes it in one leap but she falls back to the ground, beaten. Zack pauses at the top of the wall and looks down her. Foley watches from the distance. Zack drops back down beside Seeger. She has tears of  frustration in her eyes. She's not going to make it and the realization that she's come this far only to fail is crushing her.
89) 17) dialog: Fuck the record. Now you listen to  me and do exactly what I tell you. (he draws a line with  his foot) Start back ten yards and take off  from here. Not here... or there...  but right here! (the total officer) No excuses, Seeger! You are going to  plant those legs here and then you're  going to yank yourself over that  wall because you have to! You want  jets? Then do it, goddamnit!
89) 18) text: Seeger nods, almost mesmerized by his decisive tone of vo his sudden emergence as a leader. She starts running, tak off exactly on the mark, and struggles to the top of the  wall. She drops down on the other side and Zack joins her, smil
89) 21) text: Big Sid is trudging slowly toward the 101 Course in his  warmup, his nickname: "LOVERBOY" somehow ironic, especial in this moment. Sid sees Zack looking his way and signals the news to him by putting his arms into a baby-cradling  position and rocking the imaginary off-spring from side t side.
89) 25) dialog: But she expects you to marry her?
89) 28) dialog: So what's the problem? Girls do that  all the time.
89) 30) dialog: Not if she won't even talk about an  abortion.
89) 32) dialog: Do you know that for sure?
89) 35) dialog: Okay, but what if it's like Foley  said and she got knocked up, to trap  you -- is it still your  responsibility?
89) 37) dialog: Jesus Christ, Sid! Is everything  your responsibility?
89) 38) text: Sid and Zack sit down with their classmates and start eat
89) 39) dialog: Your brother getting killed instead  of you... Isn't that why you promised  to marry this Susan? Isn't that why  you do everything, man? Out of some  bullshit code of ethics you inherited  from your family?
89) 40) text: Foley can be seen at the Instructors' table, IN SHOT BACKGROUND, watching them, but Sid and Zack are oblivious their audience.
89) 42) text: The words sting and Zack flares back at his friend.
89) 43) dialog: You got a responsibility to you first,  pard -- and if you can't handle that,  you've got bigger problems than  getting a girl pregnant!
90) 0) text: Wearing full oxygen masks, Zack and Sid are part of a gro of six candidates playing pat-a-cake at simulated altitud inside the claustrophobic-small decompression chamber. An INSTRUCTOR is explaining the test over an intercom, from  outside the windowed chamber.
90) 2) text: Slowly their reactions begin to deteriorate. At first Sid seems amused by his and Zack's fumbling to slap hands. Th as a SHINING SOUND mounts into a crazy place, he begins t panic.
90) 6) text: Zack extricates himself from his harness like a man with  eight thumbs condemned on top of it to move in slow motio He weaves, drops to his knees by Sid, and awkwardly tries enclose him in his arms.
90) 7) dialog: Sid, it's okay. Don't be afraid.
90) 8) text: The WHINING STOPS as they start to back off on the pressu inside the chamber, but they can't do it too fast. Slowly Sid comes to his senses, and his eyes focus on Zack.
90) 9) dialog: Sid, what happened?
90) 12) dialog: Hey, man, don't cry... not in front  of the instructors.
90) 13) text: Zack looks around at the faces, all staring back in judge not just the instructors. By now, the candidates know the symptoms of a DOR as well as anybody. The door to the chamber slams open and Foley is standing  there, grim-faced.
91) 0) text: Zack is on morning "colors" duty. He and one of the lesse known candidates are raising the flag, a bugler standing  nearby, blowing "morning colors". Zack suddenly sees some that chills him. Sid and Foley stand in front of the Admin. Building, Fole saluting the flag, Sid just standing there arms at his si shoulders slumped. As the bugler finishes, Zack turns to his classmate.
91) 1) dialog: I gotta do something.
91) 4) dialog: (to Foley) You didn't kick him out...? Wait,  didn't he tell you what he's been  going through?
91) 6) dialog: But you don't understand. There's  this girl he's gotten pregnant and  she's putting him through hell, sir.
91) 8) dialog: Just like that it's all over? With  less than two weeks to go, you're  out?
91) 11) dialog: (furious) Come back here, motherfucker!
91) 15) dialog: I thought the D.I.'s were supposed  to help you in this place! What kind  of human being are you?
91) 18) dialog: I don't get it! He's the best  candidate in our class! Ask anyone!  The best student! The best leader!  The best friend to everybody! Couldn't  you bend your goddamn standards just  a little?
91) 21) dialog: Sid, wait! Where're you going?
91) 22) text: Sid keeps running. Zack turns back to Foley and they star at each other a long moment before Zack bitterly salutes  him.
91) 23) dialog: With your permission, sir.
91) 24) text: Foley returns the salute and watches Zack walk off toward the barracks.
92) 0) text: Zack drives up on his motorcycle. Esther is in the yard,  gardening.
92) 1) dialog: Is Paula here?
92) 3) dialog: I'm looking for Sid.
92) 5) dialog: Paula, he DORed and nobody's seen  him.
92) 7) dialog: Hey! You know goddamn well what  happened so let's not play any games,  okay?
92) 9) dialog: I don't know where that is.
94) 0) text: Lynette's Falcon takes a sudden turn. A split-second late Zack and Paula speed past in the opposite direction, miss him.
95) 0) text: Zack and Paula drive up and move toward the front door.
96) 3) text: Zack grabs her by the shoulders and forces her to meet hi eyes.
96) 4) dialog: What did you tell him about the baby?
96) 6) dialog: And you turned him down??
96) 8) text: Zack starts shaking her angrily.
96) 9) dialog: You little bitch! How could you? Was  there ever a baby, Lynette? That's  all I want to know! Did you make up  that baby, Lynette? Did you??
96) 11) text: She looks at Paula for support but she seems to be wonder the same things herself, and offers none. Zack abruptly p out of the room, leaving the two girls alone.
97) 0) text: Zack is getting on his motorcycle as she emerges from the house.
97) 2) dialog: Why?
98) 7) dialog: He's here. She said he just came in.
98) 8) text: The SOUND of FOOTSTEPS ascending to the second floor, run toward us. Zack PUSHES INTO SHOT and knocks on the door.
98) 9) dialog: Sid, it's Zack. Open up.
98) 10) text: No reply, then from inside some SOUNDS are heard, a CHAIR FALLING, a sudden, dull SNAPPING NOISE, abrupt and final. Zack throw his weight against the door and it splinters o
98) 11) dialog: Sid?
98) 13) dialog: Oh, God...
99) 2) dialog: Oh, God... why? Why, Sid?
99) 3) text: Zack cuts him down and cradles his friend's body in his a
99) 4) dialog: You stupid, fucking Okie! Why'd you  do it! Why didn't you talk to me  first? Why didn't you even try??
100) 2) dialog: Come on, Paula! You were looking for  a ticket out of here and you didn't  care who it was, any more than you  cared with the last class of  candidates you and Lynette fucked  your way through, looking for a  husband! Or the class before that!
100) 4) dialog: Beware of the Puget Debs -- and we  all laughed, especially him.
100) 6) dialog: I bet you do!
100) 8) dialog: That's brilliant.
101) 2) text: He takes notice of Zack's absence, unsurprised, before pu on the next name on the list.
101) 4) text: Zack suddenly drives up on his motorcycle and walks towar the group, unshaven, tie askew, uniform totally wrinkled, eyes as red as sores.
101) 6) dialog: Sir, this officer candidate requests  permission to speak to you in private.
101) 8) dialog: It's important, sir!
101) 10) dialog: Aw screw it...
101) 13) text: Zack stops in his tracks and turns to face his antagonist He'll wait around for this.
102) 0) text: Foley is up in the ring in his VC pajamas, watching them  take do their seats. Zack is the last to walk in.
102) 2) dialog: Yes, sir!
102) 5) text: He hands Zack a set of safety-punch gloves and safety-kic foot pads. Zack sits on the canvas and puts them on. Fole already wears his.
102) 7) text: Zack gets to his feet and squares off opposite Foley.
102) 11) text: Foley executes a crescent kick, his specialty, and bloodi Zack's mouth. Zack returns a crescent kick that knocks th Marine right on his ass.
102) 13) dialog: Get on your feet and find out how  good, sir.
102) 14) text: Before Zack can get set, Foley seizes the offensive and s backing him across the ring with a series of fast kicks. Momentarily trapped in the corner, Zack ducks a punch, sl under a crescent kick, and hits his man three times in th face with his foam-padded knuckles, then follows with a k to the mid-section that makes the Marine sink to his knee with a silly expression on his face. Suddenly unafraid of Foley, the class rises to its feet a cheers Zack on. Ad-LIBS of "Get him, Zack!" "No mercy!" "Remember what he did to us!" Quieter mumblings of "Kill the motherfucker." Foley gets to his feet. Zack drops him instantly with a  jumpspinning back kick. Foley gets up again and manages to stay up for a short ti but it's a pathetic mismatch and Zack can land solidly at will with hands and feet. Finally, with a spinning outsid crescent kick that awes his classmates, Zack flattens him again. Foley just lies there, obviously spent. Zack offers him a hand. Foley looks up at him helplessly, shakes his head in defeat, and reaches out to accept his  help. Then, with shocking suddenness, Foley coils his knees to chest, yanks Zack toward him, and -- at the same time --  unleashes a kick straight to Zack's chin. Zack crumples t the canvas and lies there, barely conscious. Foley rises his feet.
102) 16) text: Zack shakes his head, no. Foley bows to him formally, the to the rest of the class, and marches like God's Warrior from the old hangar. Zack watches his classmates file out, leaving him alone i the cavernous hanger.
103) 0) text: Zack comes in by himself.
104) 0) text: Perryman looks up from his Navigation book as his only  surviving roommate enters. Zack looks at the two stripped bunks, the empty lockers... then he stares at his own loc for a long time, trying to make up his mind. Then Perryman gets up, puts a reassuring hand on his shou just for an instant, and goes back to his studies. Findin some coins in his locker, Zack leaves the room.
105) 0) text: Zack throws some money in to satisfy the operator.
105) 1) dialog: (into phone) Byron, it's me. You doing anything  weekend after next? (beat) Yeah... it's graduation.
109) 0) text: Zack and his classmates are passing in review before the  Commanding Officer and his staff (including Foley), seate on the risers, and the large gathering of family and frie seated on the folding chairs. The base marching band, a  phalanx to the left of the rises, is in fine and rousing  form. As Zack and Casey and Perryman and the others pass CAMERA they do a precise EYES-RIGHT.
109) 8) text: CAMERA HOLDS ON Zack's face, his eyes moist, his voice ri with emotion.
109) 9) dialog: (with his classmates) ...that I will well and faithfully  discharge the duties of the office  on which I am about to enter. So  help me God.
109) 12) dialog: Look -- my orders to Pensacola for  basic flight training... then it's  on to jets!
109) 13) text: Byron quickly glances at the orders and pounds Zack on th back.
109) 15) dialog: Naw. That's over with.
109) 18) text: He starts to bring his hand up to salute his son but Zack grabs his wrist to stop him.
109) 19) dialog: (gently) No offense, Byron, but my first one's  gonna come from... him.
109) 27) dialog: I'll never forget you as long as I  live, Sergeant.
109) 29) dialog: Well, goodbye.
109) 30) text: Zack gives him a silver dollar and Foley pockets it and s off another brisk salute.
109) 32) dialog: Yeah. See you in the fleet, Sarge.  And thank you.
109) 33) text: Foley just grins as Zack answers his salute.
110) 0) text: MOVING WITH ZACK ON HIS MOTORCYCLE. He still wears his dr whites and his gear is packed in a Navy seabag strapped t the back, as he drives away from the barracks, waving far to some of his classmates. As he rumbles past the parade  ground, he sees Foley addressing a spanking new class of  candidates, still in civvies, still sporting hair.
110) 2) text: The new class cracks up, laughing, as Zack motors past, h for the gates. It's hard to believe only thirteen weeks h elapsed since he heard those words for the first time. Se more like a lifetime.
111) 0) text: Zack drives out and disappears down the road.
113) 0) text: Zack carries Paula out into the sunshine and kisses her a She's like candy, all right, and he'll never get enough.  PULL BACK INTO HELICOPTER SHOT that dwarfs them far below us, and... FADE OUT.