2) 13) text: Maybe I should have taken today off. Corey looks across the office. Sees EMILY BRANDT, 25, attractive, chatting with a coworker.
3) 0) text: Busy bar scene. Young professionals enjoy after-work drin at their company Christmas party. Some enjoy too many, evidenced by Corey’s obvious inebriation. He and David sit at a table, along with coworkers CHRISTI JERRY, and LUKE. High-ball glasses cover the table. Corey iPhone also sits on the table, in front of him. Emily stands across the room, speaking with friends at th bar. Back at the table, Corey holds court.
3) 18) text: Oh...um... Corey searches his pockets. David stands up and places a ten dollar bill on the Cockt Waitresses’ tray. He walks away from the table. WE STAY ON DAVID as he crosses the bar. Readies himself. Approaches the bar, next to Emily. Tries to make his selection of that spot seem random. He signals the bartender.
3) 21) dialog: Hi, David. The bartender brings David his beer.
3) 23) dialog: No, I’m good, thanks. I’m leaving, actually.
3) 25) dialog: You heard I was leaving?
3) 27) dialog: Oh, right...I did. I meant I was leaving...never mind. 10.
3) 29) dialog: Thanks, yeah I think I’ve gone about as far as I can handle in finance.
3) 31) dialog: So...I should probably get going.
3) 33) dialog: Thanks for the drink -- well, the offer.
3) 35) dialog: Umm...yeah. Emily grabs her coat and purse. Walks off. David winces. Dies a little on the inside.
4) 0) text: Cars and taxis speed past. Their exhaust mixes with the c air, clouding up the street. Emily walks from the bar and is instantly hit by an achin cold gust of wind. She extends a shivering arm to signal cab, but it passes her by. David exits the bar, carrying a winter hat. Catches up to her.
4) 3) dialog: Oh...that’s not mine.
4) 5) dialog: I think you may have.
4) 7) dialog: I’m not going far. My new office is only a few blocks uptown. David goes for broke.
4) 9) dialog: Ummm.... Crash and burn. David quickly recoils.
4) 11) dialog: No, no -- I would. Sorry. I’m nervous.
4) 13) dialog: About this. About us talking right now.
4) 15) dialog: Yes. She reaches out to another passing taxi. 12. It, too, does not stop. She grows frustrated. Cold. She moves to a spot further down the street. David walks with her.
4) 17) dialog: At work, yeah. You’d call me at my desk, ask me about a financial report, but that was it.
4) 19) dialog: (re: the missed cab) Damn it... A bone-chilling gust of wind blows through. Emily clutche her coat closer to her chest and neck. David turns away slightly, letting the brunt of the wind hit his back. Once it passes:
4) 21) dialog: I live outside the city. It’s really out of the way. Another cab passes without stopping.
4) 23) dialog: That would be great. Thanks. He hurries back toward the bar. Emily yells over to him.
4) 24) dialog: You should probably return that hat. INT. MAX’S - MOMENTS LATER The bar is just as busy as it was when we last left it. David enters -- He places the hat on the back of a chair. Leaves it there Walks to his table. An almost full bottle of top-shelf tequila sits on it, along with several empty shot glasses
5) 0) text: A long stretch of darkened, suburban road, lit by the occasional street light. Small, snow-capped homes appear sporadically. The chilled limbs of wintry trees spread like spindly, bony fingers, hovering just above the road. A set of headlights cut through the darkness. INT. CAR -— CONTINUOUS David drives as Emily rides in the passenger seat, doing best to warm her hands near the dashboard vents. She stares out the window, watching the dark world outsid speed past her. Corey sits in the backseat, his bottle of tequila in hand He sips from it as he talks, unnecessarily loudly, on a c phone.
5) 6) dialog: (smiles) Thanks.
5) 8) dialog: For what?
5) 10) dialog: It's fine. Honestly. (beat) I’m enjoying the company. David and Emily share a flirtatious smirk. From the backseat, loudly:
5) 19) dialog: Yes. David smirks.
7) 0) text: Emily opens her door. lLeans her seat forward. Corey squeezes through, squashing Emily in the process. 19.
7) 3) dialog: I really don’t mind.
7) 5) dialog: I thought I was the nervous one. David jokingly puffs up.
7) 7) dialog: Catch you later?
7) 9) dialog: I like it. It’s cute. 20. Emily smiles. She notices a pewter clip -- featuring Sain Christopher -- attached to David’s visor.
7) 10) dialog: (re: the clip) What’s that? David seems slightly embarrassed.
7) 12) dialog: “Protect me and my passengers and all who pass by with a steady hand and a watchful eye.”
7) 14) dialog: I think it’s nice. There’s nothing wrong with having a little faith. Their conversation is interrupted by the distant sight of Corey in the ATM vestibule. It’s clear by his body langua that he’s aggravated about something.
8) 0) text: Large, both in length and height, the vestibule is quite roomy inside. Close to fifteen feet across. Thirteen feet high ceilings. Glass windows cover three sides of the rectangle shaped vestibule. Its fourth side is a dull, white plaster wall, cluttered with Bank of the Midwest advertisements. Off to one side of this wall is an Automated Teller Machine (ATM David stands at the ATM, going through the process of get cash. INSERT - The P.O.V. from the silent, black and white vide camera situated in the ATM: David, with Emily and Corey in the background, stands in front of the ATM. He punches in his PIN.
8) 3) dialog: Nothing. I didn’t want to wait in the car.
8) 5) dialog: (to David) Why are you taking out money? David rolls his eyes over in Corey’s direction. Corey notices.
8) 7) dialog: Cockhead? 22.
8) 19) dialog: Why didn’t he come in, then?
8) 23) dialog: Where’s his card?
8) 31) dialog: What was that? Why did he do that?
8) 33) dialog: Should we call the police?
8) 35) dialog: (to David) I think we should. David doesn’t respond. He holds his attention on the Man. 25.
8) 37) dialog: No...
8) 41) dialog: (unnerved) What does he want, then?
8) 43) dialog: I...I can’t tell.
8) 52) dialog: Maybe he’s homeless.
8) 65) dialog: Oh my God! David bangs against the glass, trying to stop the Man.
8) 70) dialog: David...
8) 74) dialog: My phone’s in my purse.
8) 76) dialog: In the car. 29. Corey starts frantically looking around next to the ATM.
8) 78) dialog: Yeah they must. They all join in looking for the button, but can’t find i
8) 83) dialog: This can’t be happening. But it is. The three of them stare at each other, all pleading for an idea. They’ve got nothing. The gravity of the situation fully takes hold.
10) 0) text: David paces back and forth, futilely hugging his arms clo to his body for warmth. Corey kneels near the wall, his hands near the heating ve He takes a warming sip from the bottle of tequila. Emily clenches her jacket closed as she stares into the parking lot. Her teeth chatter behind her dry, pallid lip She can’t take her frightened eyes off the Man, who slowl circles the vestibule like a shark. A predator.
10) 5) dialog: (re: the Man) Why hasn’t he come in here? Corey and David look outside at the Man. Study him as the talk to each other.
10) 7) dialog: Why would that stop him?
10) 12) dialog: What are we going to do? David looks over at the car. It’s parked a good distance away.
10) 20) dialog: What’s he doing?
10) 26) dialog: What should we do? They all look at one other. At the car. At the open parki lot. Decision time. INSERT - The P.O.V. from the silent, black and white secu camera in the ATM: David, Emily and Corey stand near one another, looking unnerved. Discomposed. Scared.
10) 38) dialog: We should just wait. It’1ll be light out soon. This parking lot will be filled with people.
10) 41) dialog: (pleading with her eyes) It’s too dangerous. David meets Emily’s heartfelt stare. His adrenaline is momentarily stifled as he considers what to do. And then -- -- POOF-POOF-POOF... The overhead fluorescent lights blow out in succession. vestibule turns almost pitch black inside, save for the of the ATM display screen.
10) 45) dialog: Oh no. David and Corey turn to see what concerns Emily. She’s crouched down near the heating vent. It’s silent.
10) 50) dialog: What is it? Without explanation, David suddenly bangs against the fro windows several times. Hard. But the glass shows no sign compromise.
10) 51) dialog: What are you doing?!
10) 53) dialog: But if you break it, he’ll be able to get in. She's got a point.
10) 56) dialog: Wait... David and Corey stop.
10) 58) dialog: Those will have an alarm. David looks up to where Emily stares. He sees what she se the emergency fire sprinklers.
10) 59) dialog: Do you have a lighter?
10) 68) dialog: Hey!! Help us!! But, the car circles back around, never coming close to t bank.
10) 70) dialog: Come back! Please!! The car’s taillights disappear into the night, behind the cover of white cloud exhaust. It’s too late -- it’s gone. None of them have a clue what to do next. 38. After a beat:
10) 71) dialog: I’m so cold.
10) 79) dialog: What is it?
10) 81) dialog: Why?
10) 90) dialog: Here. Take these. David looks down at the earrings. After a beat he reluctantly takes them.
10) 97) dialog: (to Corey) Wait...if your card’s not working, how did you get in?
10) 108) dialog: What if there are more of them out there?
10) 110) dialog: Him. Emily looks outside for the Man.
10) 111) dialog: How do we know he’s alone?
10) 115) dialog: You don’t know that. 43.
10) 118) dialog: No, David.
10) 132) dialog: He’s coming!!
10) 155) dialog: David, run!!!
10) 159) dialog: David -- no!!
10) 164) dialog: David! David! Are you okay? David labors to get his breath back. Corey watches as the Man walks away from the vestibule, i the darkness. Once Corey knows it’s safe, he joins Emily David's side.
10) 168) dialog: You need it.
11) 0) text: INSERT - P.O.V. from the silent, black and white security camera in the ATM: David and Corey PULL on the small metal grate covering th heating vent. KICK at it. Emily watches with hope. Her lipstick message falls just outside the camera’s line sight.
11) 5) dialog: A room? David blows into his numb hands in efforts to warm them. 51.
11) 11) dialog: (to David) Let me see your card.
11) 13) dialog: I know. Her hand stays outstretched. David hands it to her. She inserts it into the ATM card slot. Looks to David. It takes him a second to realize what she’s waiting for.
11) 15) dialog: Five...nine...zero...eight. Okay... She presses numbers on the ATM keypad. In reverse order o what she wrote down.
11) 16) dialog: Eight...zero...
11) 18) dialog: I know. I remember hearing that if you enter a pin backwards into an ATM, it automatically alerts the police. It’s some sort of panic code in case you're getting robbed. David joins Emily at the ATM. Corey stays down near the heating vent, shining the mini key ring flashlight inside
11) 22) dialog: It’s still worth trying. Emily enters the last of the digits. Presses ENTER. The display screen reads: “INCORRECT PIN.” David’s card i ejected from the card slot. A steady BEEP sounds from the ATM, alerting them to remove the card. David is about to retrieve his card when he is distracted Corey, who climbs to his feet, facing the door.
11) 32) dialog: Corey, please, no. He stops. Disarmed by Emily’s genuine concern for him.
11) 33) dialog: Please... He takes his hands off the door. Calms down. After a beat: 54.
11) 37) dialog: Then why hasn’t he?
11) 40) dialog: Why's he doing this to us?
11) 42) dialog: Maybe we did something to him. But what? David obviously has no idea.
11) 43) dialog: Did something happen at the bar?
11) 48) dialog: What did you do to him?
11) 58) dialog: But why here? Why not do this in some alley or wherever, where there isn’t glass separating us, or a security camera watching? 56. David looks around the vestibule. Thinks as he speaks.
11) 63) dialog: He couldn’t have followed us. We didn’t see any cars.
11) 70) dialog: Me either. Emily extends her pale hands to get a better look at them Her fingertips are slightly purple. David cups Emily’s hands in his. Rubs them. In a much needed moment of levity, David grabs Corey’s ha too. Huddles them together with his and Emily's. But, the moment is fleeting. Somber looks soon appear on their faces. Their trembling hands lower and separate. Their eyes divert. They're freezing to death. They clearly know it, too. Just then, a faint light shines across the parking lot, n the supermarket. David, Corey and Emily turn to face it.
11) 72) dialog: It’s the police. The same one from before. Emily bangs against the class.
11) 73) dialog: Help!! HELP US!! David and Corey join in, basically yelling the same.
12) 0) text: A slightly overweight SECURITY GUARD, 45, drives his car through the parking lot. A late-night AM talk show plays his radio. He notices David, Emily and Corey across the parking lot the bank vestibule. Confounded, he circles around.
13) 7) dialog: So what? The Security car parks. Its green lights continue to spin From out of it emerges the Security Guard.
13) 11) dialog: Help us!!
13) 15) dialog: Call the police! The Security Guard cannot hear her over the wind.
13) 17) dialog: (pointing) He’s trying to kill us!! The Security Guard looks over to where Emily points. All sees is David’s car. Confused at first, the Security Guard’s expression quickl changes upon seeing Robert’s bloody, dead body lying on t concrete.
13) 25) dialog: Leave me alone. David reaches out to touch Emily’s shoulder. She abruptly pulls away.
13) 26) dialog: Both of you, please, just...leave me alone. She shivers in the cold. Hugs her arms close to her body. David and Corey speak quietly to each other.
13) 33) dialog: Do we have any more plants?
13) 35) dialog: Plants...I don’t know. I thought there were plants. She rubs her temples. Appears disconcerted. 62.
13) 43) dialog: David!! The Man’s fingers RAKE across David's eyes. PULL at his h and skin. The entire battle is awkwardly primordial. No skill whatsoever; only pure survival instinct. With the Man’s hands now GRABBING at his throat, David notices the pen -- hanging from a thin, steel cable wire attached to the signing shelf above -- dangling in front him. His eyes widen. He frees one of his hands, which is tangled up in the struggle. Grabs the pen. Wraps the steel wire around the Man's throat. Takes hold of the wire with both hands -- -- and PULLS with all his might. Pushing off with his fee for leverage, against the Man’s body. The Man’s hands instantly raise to his throat. He writhes and thrashes like a fish on a boat deck. Desperately trie to squeeze his fingers beneath the wire. His face turns color. Red first, then blue. The veins in his forehead and neck look as if they are about to burst. David bares his clenched teeth, holding on with all his strength. The Man’s legs kick uncontrollably, more and more...until -- he succumbs to asphyxiation. He stops moving. His head slowly slumps to his chest. It’s over. Corey inches away from the body. Equally unnerved, David pushes the Man’s dead, bloodied body off of him, onto the floor. INSERT - The P.O.V. from the black and white security cam in the ATM: David slides out from underneath the Man. Lets go of the signing shelf pen cord, wrapped around the Man’s throat. slips off the Man. Dangles from the signing shelf. Corey and Emily stare. David looks up at them.
13) 46) dialog: Is he...? Still laboring to catch his breath, David responds with a uneasy nod. Corey lets out a long sigh. His lungs are also on fire fr the encounter. He takes off his collared dress shirt, leaving him in a T-shirt. He holds the collared shirt to bloody nose.
13) 47) dialog: What...what do we do now?
13) 49) dialog: We have to tell the police.
13) 52) dialog: Yeah. Are you?
13) 55) dialog: No... David looks at Emily. She also stares outside. David turn to see what they’re looking at. 65. To his shock, he sees the Man. Standing twenty feet from entrance. Watching them.
13) 57) dialog: What did you do?
13) 66) dialog: Using the ATM. David looks over to see Emily holding Harold’s ATM card. David leans back against the frosty glass. Sits down. His head falls into his trembling hands.
13) 71) dialog: He’s innocent... (sotto, but loud enough for them to hear) Just like we are. Corey and David are quickly sobered by this statement. A moments of silence pass before David breaks it.
13) 91) dialog: Stop! Stop it! David pushes Corey back against the wall. Corey responds SHOVING David hard to his chest.
13) 96) dialog: He’s gone again. 70. David doesn’t bother to look. Neither does Corey. Their disdainful gazes are locked on each other.
13) 101) dialog: What are you going to do?
13) 105) dialog: I can’t go out there, Corey.
13) 107) dialog: Please, just wait...
13) 114) dialog: Corey!
13) 120) dialog: David, no!
13) 122) dialog: It’s too late!
13) 125) dialog: I'm okay. I’m all right. She rubs the back of her head. 73. Seeing that she’s okay, David starts to turn away. Emily grabs him by the arm with surprising force, stopping him.
13) 126) dialog: Don’t look. Emily's fearful pleas give David pause. But, David has to look. He slowly turns to face the vestibule door. Outside, he s Corey's dead, bloody body lying on the cold concrete. The screwdriver still sticking from his stomach. David's hands tremble. His breathing borders on hyperventilation. Nearing a breakdown, David's feet move backwards. Slowly. Further and further away from the door. His back soon touches the plaster wall. Collapses onto it
13) 132) dialog: Why?
13) 134) dialog: For what?
13) 136) dialog: Don’t be.
13) 138) dialog: David...
13) 140) dialog: You're right. It is. 75. David looks at Emily. Surprised by her concurrence.
13) 141) dialog: It’s all of our fault. Emily sets adrift in thought.
13) 142) dialog: We've been in here for hours now trying to control what’s happening to us. Waiting for...a reason. (beat) What, because we didn’t do anything wrong we’re somehow supposed to be protected? By who? The police? Alarms? Little visor clips with angels on them? (beat) If there is a reason this is happening, it’s because we never thought it could. David takes a moment to consider this.
13) 144) dialog: I could have taken a cab. I could have skipped the party. I could have never worked at Starkweather in the first place. But, I did all those things, and a million, random things in between, and added up they all brought me here tonight...with you. David looks up at Emily.
13) 145) dialog: Although, given what’s happened, lunch would have probably been a better choice. David ekes out a smile. He pulls Emily closer. They tight their embrace.
13) 155) dialog: see the Man. They panic.
13) 156) dialog: There he is!! 78.
13) 159) dialog: pull Corey with all their collective might. David’s legs tangled with Corey’s. He stumbles.
13) 160) dialog: Get up! He’s coming!! David quickly gets back to his feet. They resume their rescue effort.
13) 162) dialog: call upon every last bit of strength they possess.
13) 164) dialog: lets go of Corey. Rushes over to the vestibule.
13) 167) dialog: opens the door. Rushes inside. Holds the door open with a outstretched arm. 79.
13) 169) dialog: David! Hurry!!
13) 177) dialog: Cover his stomach with something.
13) 179) dialog: Anything!
13) 181) dialog: (re: the envelopes) Use these. David places them against Corey’s wound, carefully avoidi the screwdriver. Blood immediately soaks through the pape The pressure causes Corey to emit an anguished scream. He doubles over.
13) 185) dialog: I don’t know! Corey shivers uncontrollably. He’s freezing. Bleeding to death.
13) 186) text: Jesus...Corey.... To Emily, regarding the screwdriver:
13) 188) dialog: No. It could make it worse.
13) 190) dialog: I know, I know... Emily places Corey’s discarded button-down shirt -- which previously left in the vestibule after using it to blot h bloody nose -- over his stomach.
13) 192) dialog: I have to put pressure on it! Emily presses the shirt down on Corey’s wound, trying to stabilize his bleeding. More blood oozes out. Corey responds weakly. It’s clear he’s fading fast. The blood soaks through the shirt, drenching it.
13) 194) dialog: How?
13) 199) dialog: What are you doing? David picks up the metal waste basket. Takes firm hold of it. Without even a moment of hesitation -- WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! David slams the waste basket against the ATM. INSERT - P.O.V. from the black and white security camera the ATM: The round base of the metal waste basket comes into frame it’s continuously SMASHED against the ATM. After yet another SMASH with the waste basket, the image ATM security camera goes dead.
13) 201) dialog: What are you doing?! 83.
13) 203) dialog: I don’t know!
13) 207) dialog: (re: Corey) What’s he doing?! David rushes over to help. Grabs Corey’s shaking legs.
13) 211) dialog: Stop it! David stuffs Corey’s discarded, bloody shirt into the met grate covering the vent. It does little to stop the heavy flow of water. He winces in pain as the cold water stings his shivering, purple hands. The water splashes all over him, soaking hi clothes. An inch of water has already filled the vestibule. Some leaks out from underneath the door and windows -- but not much.
13) 212) dialog: David, help me! Emily tries to lift Corey’s body from the water. David rushes over to help. They lift Corey’s body. He emi a pained moan.
13) 216) dialog: I...I...can’t. Emily's bent fingers appear almost arthritic. The cold an wet is crippling. She shivers uncontrollably. David grabs Corey by himself. Lifts him. Places him on th shelf -- but it’s far too narrow. Corey slips right off. 85. David has no choice but to place him back on the ground, the water. It’s now close to six inches deep.
13) 218) dialog: (re: the Man) He’s trying to drown us. David pushes the door with all his might. It opens an inch. Water drains -- but cold air rushes in. David's muscles give. The door closes.
13) 221) dialog: You need to be higher.
13) 223) dialog: Find as much paper as you can. Anything that will burn. David joins Emily as they both work intensively at this t
13) 231) dialog: There’s only a little left!
13) 233) dialog: Here -- grab onto my shoulders. David does just that. He’s able to maintain his balance l enough to stand up.
13) 236) dialog: Take it...take it! David takes the waste basket. Emily takes several steps backward. Sloshes through the i cold water. David lifts the waste basket. Past his face. Over his hea His lower back inches away from the wall. He sways back a forth. His view of the fire sprinkler is blocked by the waste basket.
13) 242) dialog: Throw these in. David does just that. WOOSH -- the advertisements go up in flames. David angles away from the heat. But the flames quickly subside. Threaten to extinguish. Emily and David’s already raised panic increases.
13) 243) dialog: Help me up. Emily starts climbing onto the signing table. She extends her hand for David to grab.
13) 244) dialog: Help pull me up.
13) 246) dialog: The fire’s going to burn out. David helps Emily onto the narrow signing shelf. The two them barely fit on top of it. The flaming waste basket doesn’t make it any easier. Emily takes hold of David's shoulder as she gets her bala Being smaller than David, she has less trouble standing u
13) 248) dialog: Try to squat down a little. 90.
13) 250) dialog: If I can get on your shoulders, I should be able to get close enough to the sprinklers.
13) 252) dialog: Just do it, David! Please! David squats down. Slightly. His back eases away from the wall. His balance is shaky. Emily places her foot on David's thigh. Carefully grabs around his neck. Tries to climb on top of him. With one hand still balancing the waste basket on the sig table, David uses the other to help Emily climb. Emily's foot slips off David’s thigh. She loses her balan but manages to stay on the signing shelf. Corey emits a pained moan, which instantly turns into a m spiral in the cold air.
13) 254) dialog: Help me up again.
13) 256) dialog: You can’t reach it by yourself! David reluctantly gives in. He squats lower, struggling t maintain his balance.
13) 257) dialog: Lower... gl.
13) 259) dialog: Try! He manages to lower himself a few more inches. His legs s back and forth, threatening to cause him to fall at any moment. Emily again places her foot on David’s thigh... Grabs hold around his neck... Pulls herself up... Slowly raises her leg over his shoulder, followed by the other. She’s on. David wavers a bit, causing Emily to sway, but he manages hold fast. He slowly presses up with his legs. They did it. And not a minute too soon -- the fire is rapidly fading.
13) 260) dialog: Okay, pass it to me. David grips the waste basket. His knees shake a bit. His balance remains unsteady. He raises the flaming waste basket.
13) 262) dialog: Almost... David extends his arms above his head as far as he can. Emily's hands lunge for the basket. She reaches further.. Further... And then finally -- 92.
13) 263) dialog: I've got it! David slowly releases the waste basket. Emily holds onto
13) 266) dialog: I'm trying!! It inches up further. Almost close enough. Higher... Higher... Almost there... And then, as the flames lick against the sprinkler -- -- PSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! All of the sprinklers fire, raining down water inside the vestibule.
13) 269) dialog: It worked! It wor -- 93. The signing shelf gives on one side. Collapses. David's legs come right out from under him. He and Emily come CRASHING down. David SPLASHES into the waist-deep water that fills the vestibule. His back SLAMS against the floor below with a thud. Emily, falling from an even greater height, falls straigh down -- -- SMACK!! Her head SMASHES against the half of the signi shelf that did not collapse. She SPLASHES into the water. Clouds of crimson spill from her head, clouding the water which she now floats. In a great deal of pain, hypothermic, David emerges from water. Sees Emily lying motionless in the sanguine water.
14) 14) text: -- A Fire Official turns off the sprinklers and fire alar EMTs lift Emily’s body from the vestibule. -- Police examine the scene, noting the broken security camera and display screen on the ATM. -- Detectives and Crime Scene Analysts photograph and dia the scene, including Corey’s body. -- A Detective opens the trunk to David’s car. Finds Robert's wallet, as well as the deposit envelope filled w cash and Corey’s watch. He also finds Emily’s cell phone, with 911 dialed and ready to be Sent. -- A Detective holds the spool of wire from David’s tool as he examines the wire perimeter. -- A Detective picks up the SCREWDRIVER with a pair of la gloves and places it into an evidence bag. -- Several dead bodies, now covered in white sheets, are wheeled on gurneys into the back of ambulances. -- Detectives review the black and white footage from the security camera located inside the ATM. In it, they see: David and Corey kicking the windows and the plaster wall, looking as though they’re attempting to break into the AT 101. David slamming Corey against the wall and the wrestling m that follows... David attacking and ultimately strangling Harold with the wire attached to the signing shelf pen... David shoving Emily, landing her hard against the floor.. David laying next to Corey, covered in blood. He moves aw and reveals that Corey has a screwdriver sticking from hi stomach. From the camera’s vantage point it appears as though David stabbed him... And David smashing the ATM with the base of the metal was basket until the security camera finally goes to static. But nowhere do they ever see the Man. Not in a single, solitary frame of the security camera video. Because he never came within ten feet of the vestibule, he remained outside the camera’s line of sight.
14) 15) text: It’s as if he was never there. Furthermore, the water flooding the vestibule, Emily’s fa and the subsequent action, all came after David smashed i the camera, leaving no explanation for how it happened. One of the Detectives presses a button on the video playb It instantly brings the security camera footage back to a earlier position -- showing a close-up of David's face as takes money out of his account using the ATM. The close-up image of David’s face remains paused on the video playback screen like a mugshot.