8) 58) dialog: (to his dog) Alright, go ahead. Robert lets go of the dog’s leash. It runs off into the dark. 27.
8) 61) dialog: How’s it going? The Man continues toward him. Doesn't say a word.
8) 62) dialog: Just letting my dog do his business. The Man continues his approach, undeterred. Robert sudden appears to feel slightly threatened.
8) 63) dialog: Is there...uh, something I can help you -- SMASH! Without a moment of hesitation, the Man PUNCHES Robert in the face. Drops him.
14) 14) text: -- A Fire Official turns off the sprinklers and fire alar EMTs lift Emily’s body from the vestibule. -- Police examine the scene, noting the broken security camera and display screen on the ATM. -- Detectives and Crime Scene Analysts photograph and dia the scene, including Corey’s body. -- A Detective opens the trunk to David’s car. Finds Robert's wallet, as well as the deposit envelope filled w cash and Corey’s watch. He also finds Emily’s cell phone, with 911 dialed and ready to be Sent. -- A Detective holds the spool of wire from David’s tool as he examines the wire perimeter. -- A Detective picks up the SCREWDRIVER with a pair of la gloves and places it into an evidence bag. -- Several dead bodies, now covered in white sheets, are wheeled on gurneys into the back of ambulances. -- Detectives review the black and white footage from the security camera located inside the ATM. In it, they see: David and Corey kicking the windows and the plaster wall, looking as though they’re attempting to break into the AT 101. David slamming Corey against the wall and the wrestling m that follows... David attacking and ultimately strangling Harold with the wire attached to the signing shelf pen... David shoving Emily, landing her hard against the floor.. David laying next to Corey, covered in blood. He moves aw and reveals that Corey has a screwdriver sticking from hi stomach. From the camera’s vantage point it appears as though David stabbed him... And David smashing the ATM with the base of the metal was basket until the security camera finally goes to static. But nowhere do they ever see the Man. Not in a single, solitary frame of the security camera video. Because he never came within ten feet of the vestibule, he remained outside the camera’s line of sight.