2) 10) text: Spock hovers in mid- air alongside the startled Kirk, kep aloft by means of levitation boots. His hands are clasped behind his back, typically Spock-like.
2) 32) text: Kirk is suspended in air, bobbing upside-down at the end of Spock's arm.
2) 33) text: The top of Kirk's head is practically touching the ground. That's how close he came to being pizza. Kirk blinks in disbelief.
13) 0) text: McCoy stands over a blazing campfire. A covered pot simmers on the coals. McCoy rings a TRIANGLE. He's slightly tipsy. Come and get it! Com and get it! CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal Kirk and Spock seated two feet away.
20) 0) text: This is the Galileo 5, capable of transporting two dozen personnel. At the moment its passengers are Kirk, Spock, McCoy and Uhura, who pilots the craft. Kirk gazes fondly at the Enterprise.
25) 0) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK AND ROTATES as Kirk impatiently drums his hand on the malfunctioning Captain's Log disk machine.
26) 0) text: A vast area designed for contemplation. The most arresting feature is an antique ship's wheel - the kind Horatio Hornblower might have steered. The wheel stands in front of tall curving windows that offer an impressive space vista. Spock is beside the wheel staring at the stars, lost in thought. Kirk and McCoy enter with urgency and approach Spock, interrupting is reverie. Throughout the following, Spock continues to stare thoughtfully at the stars.
27) 0) text: Uhura seated at a wall console, Sulu at the control board. Kirk takes the Captain's chair.
30) 0) text: Low-combat lighting. Sulu occupies the pilot's seat. Nearby are Uhura and seven Enterprise crewmen. Kirk and Spock are huddled over a graphics screen. They are dressed in field uniform. Phasers and transparen shields have been dispensed.
34) 0) text: The shuttlecraft swivels as it lands. The doors open revealing its crew. Kirk leads them from the craft.
37) 0) text: Galileo lies behind a dune. The light of Paradise City are glimpsed over the rise, a mile off. Kirk and Spock lie on a dune with night vision binoculars. There's nothing between them but flat expanse.
41) 0) text: Kirk and company proceed up the street, coaxing their horses toward the saloon at its end.
43) 1) dialog: Kirk dismounts; his horse runs off. A soldier rushes in and thrusts his weapon at Kirk, who grabs it and strikes the man in the face. He knocks him O.S. and takes the weapon.
46) 0) text: Dark and empty. Phaser drawn, Kirk cautiously makes his way across the room when, with a sudden hiss, the Dancing Catwoman leaps over the bar and pounces on his back. As she claws at him, Kirk twirls her around in an "airplane spin" and throws her the length of the room. The Catwoman lands in the "pool" table, sending up a wave of water that soaks the walls.
46) 1) text: Spock enters and reacts to the unconscious floating Catwoman as Kirk blasts open the door to the back room. TELEVISION ANNOUNCER'S VOICE ... recreational opportunities are limitless.. The vicinity is famous for plentiful local wildlife. And the fishing is terrific... Caithlin, Korrd and Talbot look up in surprise. Kirk breathes a sigh of relief.
47) 0) text: Kirk and Spock are marched out off the saloon by the hostages. The rest of the Enterprise crew is herded together to the accompaniment of thunderous cheers from Sybok's soldiers.
54) 0) text: Kirk, Spock and McCoy are guarded by J'onn and a select handful of Sybok's soldiers. Sulu and Uhura pilot the craft while Sybok confers with Caithlin and Korrd. The remainder of the Enterprise crew has been left behind on Nimbus III.
78) 0) text: In the smoking wreckage, passengers have been flung everywhere. No one's been killed but are all dazed or unconscious. Sybok and Kirk come to simultaneously. But before Kirk can act, Sybok snatches up a primitive shooting weapon and aims it at him.
79) 0) text: The Galileo's back hatch blows open emitting a cloud of smoke along with Kirk and Sybok. As Sybok steps down behind him, Kirk whirls and grabs for the weapon. The two men struggle and tumble across the landing bay floor.
79) 7) text: Sybok's soldiers emerge from the wreckage of the shuttle with McCoy. The doctor hurries to Kirk and helps him to his feet. Kirk, in pain and betrayed, glares at Spock who cannot meet his eyes. Sybok turns to J'onn. He indicates Kirk and McCoy.
81) 0) text: Kirk balances on Spock's shoulders, examining the ceiling, seeking a means of escape. Kirk uncovers a fixture. Spock shakes his head negatively.
84) 0) text: Kirk, Spock and McCoy discontinue their efforts to escape and now peer instead at a monitor screen beyond the cell
87) 0) text: Baffled responses from Kirk and McCoy.
91) 0) text: Scotty leads Kirk, Spock and McCoy through the labyrinth innards of the ship.
93) 0) text: Kirk, Spock and McCoy gaze up at a narrow and seemingly endless elevator shaft. An emergency ladder attached to the wall is the only way up.
95) 0) text: Kirk climbs hand over hand, followed by a huffing and puffing McCoy. Jim, this is going to take me forever.
95) 2) text: Spock descends wearing the levitation boots from Yosemite He floats alongside Kirk and McCoy, hovering in midair.
95) 11) text: 173   ANGLE - KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY Sinking lower, on the verge of capture.
95) 17) text: 175   ANGLE - KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY Our hero's are an upward blur that shows no sign of stopping.
96) 0) text: Dark, deserted. The grandeur of space lies beyond the tall curving windows. Kirk, Spock and McCoy enter and cross to the communications console. Spock activates it. Functions come to life.
98) 0) text: Kirk, Spock and McCoy start for the exit when they are startled by the appearance of Sybok, J'onn and several armed soldiers.
100) 0) text: Beyond the windows, the swirling vastness of space. Kirk, Spock, McCoy and Sybok sit in a circle.
104) 0) text: Kirk, Spock and McCoy experience a rush of elation. They gaze through the window at an incredible spacescape, unable to deny the sensation stirring within them. Sybok was right.
110) 6) text: The bridge doors WHOOSH open to reveal Kirk, Spock and McCoy. The others turn, fearful of what he'll say or do. tense moment.
112) 0) text: Spock pilots the craft. He, McCoy and Kirk have changed into Starfleet uniforms.
113) 0) text: Sybok, Kirk, McCoy and Spock remain focused ahead, awestruck.
119) 0) text: Engines switch off. Kirk slips a communicator into his belt. He's about to pick up a hand phaser when he feels Sybok's disapproving eye upon him.
125) 0) text: Kirk walks around the base of the tall peak as the CAMERA
127) 0) text: Kirk, Spock, McCoy and Sybok descend into the bowl of the crater. They reach the center and stop. They  look at each other, wondering, "Is this all there is?" Sybok tries to hide his disappointment. He looks around for a sign that isn't there, then, after a moment of deafening silence, he addresses their bleak surroundings.
129) 0) text: Within this primitive cathedral, Kirk, Spock, McCoy and Sybok watch as the ground in front of them melts like molten lava. It swirls, creating a vortex. A RUSHING SOUND comes from the planet's core, growing closer. Something of incredible power is on its way to the surface.
131) 0) text: Sybok staggers back. Like Kirk, Spock and McCoy, he must shield his eyes from the intensity of the energy shaft.
131) 6) text: 228   KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY They watch the "God Show" with mounting fascination.
135) 0) text: Impact is seconds away. Kirk, Spock and McCoy run for cover. From far beneath the surface of the planet comes the SOUND of the EXPLOSION. The ground blisters and puckers.
136) 0) text: Smoke. Debris. The cathedral is in disarray. An eerie silence. Kirk, Spock and McCoy emerge from cover. The energy shaft is a memory. In its place there is only a gaping hole, glowing raw and red like a wound.
136) 3) text: 243   KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY They haul ass up the side of the amphitheater.
138) 0) text: Kirk, Spock and McCoy reach the top and rush to Copernicus.
139) 0) text: Kirk, Spock and McCoy make it inside. The door closes behind them.
146) 0) text: Kirk turns to see another BLINDING EXPLOSION. He looks frightened; realizes he's not going to be beamed up.
149) 0) text: Kirk scrambles from one hiding place to another.
149) 2) text: Kirk climbs up as a bolt of light hits the rock before him. The blue light and smoke of The Being pulsates from the rocky face of the mountain. The eyes of The Being glow white. There's a WHOOSHING SOUND from above. Kirk looks up.
150) 0) text: Kirk materializes. He's immediately seized by two brutal-looking Klingons. They march him out of the transporter room.
151) 0) text: The bridge doors slide open and Kirk is brought in. The Klingon crew regard him from their stations. Klaa is off to one side looking petulant. Korrd stands beside him, chest puffed up with pride, obviously in charge.
154) 0) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK from a roaring campfire. McCoy pours two cups full of bourbon and hands one to Kirk who sets aside his marshmallow on a stick. Kirk and McCoy clink cups in a silent toast and drink, distracted by strange PLINKING SOUNDS from close by. Spock is revealed, absently strumming his Vulcan lute, in search of a tune.