0) 22) dialog: 
0) 23) dialog: Where's your Mom? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 25) dialog: Listen to me John. On this he comes around clear of the car with a revolver one hand and a bloody roll of banknotes in the other.
0) 27) text: PEARL, and the house, are in BACKGROUND. PEARL just clutc her doll. During BEN'S next lines, JOHN touches his cheek and looks at the blood on his fingers and at the bloody m of which we FLASH-CUT an INSERT.
0) 28) dialog: (rushing) Listen! This money here! We got to hide it before they get me! There's close to ten thousand dollars. (his eyes dart wildly) Under a rock in the smokehouse? Ah no. Under the bricks in the grape arbor? No, they'd dig for it.
0) 29) dialog: 
0) 30) dialog: (sudden triumph) Why sure! That's the place! He moves forward and OUT and in his place we see two poli cars, small in distance, coming fast. We hear sirens. INT. FRONT POLICE CAR — THROUGH WINDSHIELD and OVER two STATE TROOPERS. They move at high speed, with sirens. BEN and his CHILDREN, tiny in the distance, dilate.
0) 33) text: ..police cars approaching in BACKGROUND. PEARL hugs her doll. JOHN is dazed. BEN stands, pistol in hand.
0) 34) dialog: Here they come.
0) 36) dialog: Listen to me son. You got to swear. Swear means promise. First swear you'll take care of little Pearl. Guard her with your life, boy. Then swear you won't never tell where that money's hid. Not even your Mom.
0) 38) dialog: You understand?
0) 40) dialog: You got common sense. She ain't. When you grow up that money'll be yours. Now swear. "I will guard Pearl with my life..."
0) 50) dialog: I'm goin’ now children. Goodbye. BEN backs away from his CHILDREN, raising his hands, gun one hand. We PULL BACK a little, enlarging the GROUP SHOT and the role of the TROOPERS init.
0) 52) dialog: Just mind what you swore, son. Mind, boy!
0) 54) text: One TROOPER smacks the back of BEN'S head with a pistol barrel.
0) 57) dialog: Another TROOPER, with a pistol barrel, knocks the pistol from BEN'S lifted hand.
0) 65) dialog: 
0) 71) dialog: | got you all buffaloed! You ain't never gonna git it outen me; not none o' you!
0) 73) dialog: (distinctly) And a little child shall lead them. CLOSE TWO-SHOT -— NEW ANGLE - BEN, THEN PREACHER BEN lies in profile. From the bunk above, the face of PRE stretches down into the SHOT, upside down, snake-ike. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 74) text: (softly) Come on, boy: tell me. BEN wakes, sees PREACHER, and hits him so hard in the fac that he falls from bunk to floor. PREACHER collects himse into a squat, nursing his face. BEN sits up in bed.
0) 76) dialog: Tryin’ to make me talk about it in my sleep!
0) 78) dialog: What'd I say? (he grabs Preacher's throat and shakes him) What? What? What? What?
0) 80) dialog: Hm! He lies back, amused. PREACHER sits on the bedside; manne of a parson visiting the sick.
0) 82) dialog: That's right, Preacher. | robbed that bank because | got tired of seein’ children roamin' the woodlands without food, children roamin' the highways in this year of Depression; children sleepin’ in old abandoned Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca car bodies on junk-heaps; and | promised myself I'd never see the day when my youngins'd want.
0) 84) dialog: Would you have free candy for the kids, Preacher? He picks up and wads a sock.
0) 86) dialog: How come you got that stickknife hid in your bed-blankets, Preacher?
0) 88) dialog: You, Preacher? PREACHER gets and pockets the knife.
0) 90) dialog: What religion do you profess, Preacher?
0) 92) dialog: (contemptuously) I'l bet. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 94) dialog: (sock near mouth) Keep talkin’, Preacher.
0) 96) dialog: Keep talkin’, Preacher. He wads the sock into his mouth and lies back, sardonic.
4) 221) text: PREACHER sinks to his knees as both men, and two others f the front, close in on him. The tableau is the same as in BEN'S arrest.