2) 116) dialog: (loud) You two youngsters get up here to me this instant! TWO-SHOT — JOHN AND PEARL - RACHEL'S ANGLE
2) 117) dialog: (O.s.) Mind me now! JOHN lowers the oar at the female authority in her voice.
2) 118) dialog: (O.s.) Now git on up to my house. They hesitate. THREE-SHOT — OVER JOHN
2) 119) dialog: I'll git me a willow switch. They still hesitate. She breaks off a switch and comes fo them, squishing through the mud. She surrounds them and d them like geese up the bank.
2) 122) dialog: Hurt her nothin’! Wash her's more like it! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (hand to mouth, yelling) Ruby!
2) 124) dialog: (O.s.) Clary! Clary, eleven, pops up.
2) 125) dialog: (O.s.) Mary! Mary, four, pops up.
2) 128) dialog: Bring yer baskets. The three girls enter, their backs to us, carrying basket of tomatoes.
2) 130) dialog: Nicely picked, Clary. Mary; put the big ones on top. Ruby, most o' them ain't fit to go to market. Put them baskets down. Ruby, fetch the washtub and put it by the pump. Mary, Clary, fetch me a bar o' laundry soap and the scrub brush. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 132) dialog: Come on, now; up to the house. She opens the gate, pushes the Harper children through, s the gate, and walks between them, her back to us. The chi hesitate. She turns to them and stops. THREE-SHOT — THE CHILDREN, OVER RACHEL She looks them up and down. If we saw her face, her lips would be pursed and working with anger.
2) 133) dialog: Gracious! If you hain't a sight to beat all! Where you from? No answer; their eyes are wide with curiosity.
2) 134) dialog: Where's your folks?
2) 136) dialog: (O.s.) Speak up now! His eyes go down to her feet. He, and we, start to examin her from foot to head; for this is our heroine at last. CLOSE TILTING SHOT —- RACHEL ..from JOHN'S eye-level. We TILT SLOWLY UP her height. Sh wears man's shoes, heavy with mud; a rough skirt; a shape sweater hangs over her shoulders; she is in her middle si and wears a man's old hat. Her face says:
2) 137) dialog: (sort of roughly) Gracious! So I've got two more mouths to feed! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca CLOSE SHOT — JOHN For no reason at all he feels he has come home.
2) 139) dialog: RACHEL mercilessly scrubs JOHN; JOHN doesn't like it; RUB washes PEARL with a cloth. CLOSE SHOT — JOHN Hating the scrubbing. He breaks away. FULL SHOT — JOHN AND RACHEL JOHN dodges behind a bush, RACHEL in hot pursuit. CLOSE SHOT -— THE BUSH; RACHEL RACHEL'S head bobs up and down above the bush; we hear th unmistakable sound of a female hand ona child's bottom.
2) 145) dialog: 
2) 148) dialog: With the price o' pork what it is? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 150) dialog: (talking to herself) I'm butcherin' my hog myself, smokin’ the hams, and cannin' the sausage. (she calls to children over her shoulder) You-all have your work cut out! CLOSE TRACKING TWO-SHOT — JOHN AND CLARY IN MID-
2) 163) dialog: 
2) 164) dialog: Never mind the gewgaws; don't you miss your visit this Sunday; and come to Church with us.
2) 167) dialog: she follows WAITRESS, then LOVERS in car, with her eyes.
2) 169) dialog: She takes in the LOVERS.
2) 170) dialog: Women is durn fools! All of ‘em! She sighs, angry at all women, herself included, and turn away. We are at the door of a GROCERY STORE. The GROCER i on his doorstep.
2) 172) dialog: (to children) Take yer baskets in. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca The CHILDREN file in past her and GROCER.
2) 173) dialog: (to Grocer) Looky there. (she indicates the lovers) She'll be losin’ her mind to a tricky mouth and a full moon, and like as not I'll be saddled with the consequences. She starts into store with the GROCER.
3) 0) dialog: RACHEL and GROCER come up to counter.
3) 1) dialog: (continuing; she takes a list from her bosom and gives it to Grocer) Here's what you owe me. (she counts baskets) One, two, three, four, five... where's the other basket? Where's Ruby?
3) 3) dialog: John: you go fetch Ruby. (John goes. As Grocer empties baskets and tots up, Rachel continues:) Big Ruby's my problem girl. She can't gather eggs without bustin’ 'em; but Ruby's got mother hands with a youngin, so what're you to say? EXT. DRUG STORE — FULL SHOT —- RUBY She stands with her market-basket, reacting to wolf whist o.s.; she is seeking the world. THREE-SHOT — RUBY, OVER TWO YOUNG LOAFERS Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 4) text: How ‘bout tonight, Ruby? RUBY gestures RACHEL'S nearness.
4) 3) dialog: Yeah, and ornerier than the rest.
4) 5) dialog: Ain't heard from Ralph since last Christmas. Don't matter — I've got a new crop. (she laughs. Loudly) I'm a strong tree with branches for many birds. I'm good for something in this old world and | know it, too! We know that she will rout the Devil.
4) 7) dialog: (triumphant) Don't need no soap. I'm boilin' down the fat from my hog.
4) 9) dialog: CENTERING RACHEL as she takes a book from table, and the GIRLS MOVE to set at her seat, and JOHN stands to one sid RACHEL glances at him.
4) 11) dialog: We see the door closing as JOHN goes out. The girls sit o low stools in semi-circle at RACHEL'S feet. We CENTER RAC RACHEL, keenly aware of JOHN, pretends to ignore him. JOH crosses behind her and stands with his back to us. We see the back of his head through the screen. RACHEL, changing her mind about what story to tell, finds the new page she Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca after, and spreads her hands flat on the pages. She neve glances at the text. She is fishing for JOHN.
4) 12) dialog: Now old Pharoah, he was the King of Egyptland! And he had a daughter, and once upon a time (louder) she was walkin’ along the river bank and she seen somethin’ bumpin’ and scrapin' along down ona sandbar under the willows.
4) 14) dialog: (O.s.) And do you know what it was, children?
4) 18) dialog: (still loud) Well, now, it was a skiff, washed up on the bar. And who do you reckon was in it?
4) 20) dialog: (still loud) Not this time! It was just one youngin — a little boy babe. And do you know who he was, children?
4) 23) text: RACHEL closes the Bible; she knows the Lord's battle is w As she continues, she puts aside the book and takes up he mending.
4) 24) dialog: (very quietly) Itwas Moses! —A King of men, Moses, children. Now. Off to bed. Hurry. On "off to bed," JOHN turns his back again. CLOSE SHOT — RACHEL; JOHN IN BACKGROUND She mends for a few moments.
4) 25) dialog: (commandingly) John, git me an apple. JOHN crosses behind her and off, towards door. We hear it open and close.
4) 26) dialog: Git one for yourself, too.
4) 28) dialog: (suddenly) John, where's your folks?
4) 30) dialog: Dead. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (she nods with finality) JOHN starts to eat his apple.
4) 31) dialog: Where ye from?
4) 33) dialog: | didn't figger ye rowed that skiff from Parkersburg! JOHN makes a move; he slowly and tenderly reaches out his hand and lays his fingers on her knuckles.
4) 35) dialog: Story, honey? Why, what story?
4) 37) dialog: Kings! Why, honey, there was only one.
4) 39) dialog: Well, shoot! Maybe there was!
4) 40) dialog: Maybe we see — though JOHN does not — the thanksgiving in her eyes.
4) 41) dialog: Yes, come to think of it, there was two, John. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca os., in distance, we hear the whistle of a river boat.
4) 77) dialog: Ruby, you didn't have no money to buy this.
4) 79) dialog: When did | ever?
4) 81) dialog: The Drugstore?
4) 83) dialog: What you been up to? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 84) text: | been out with men. RUBY collapses face down over RACHEL'S lap and sobs, as w TRACK IN CLOSE.
4) 85) dialog: Dear God, child! Now RACHEL also weeps. She bends low over RUBY, stroking hair.
4) 86) dialog: You was lookin’ for love, Ruby, the only foolish way you knowed how. (she lifts Ruby's face cheek to cheek beside her own) We all need love. Ruby, | lost the love of my son - I've found it with you-all. They weep together.
4) 87) dialog: You must grow up to be a fine, full woman; and I'm goin' to see to it you do. She starts making up RUBY'S hair like that of a young wom
4) 89) dialog: Now who was this?
4) 91) dialog: He must have wanted somethin’, Ruby. Aman don't waste time ona girl unless he gets something. RUBY shakes her head.
4) 92) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca What'd you all talk about?
4) 94) dialog: John and Pear!! RUBY nods.
4) 95) dialog: Is he their Pap? RUBY shrugs.
4) 96) dialog: Why hasn't he been to the house?
4) 100) dialog: (o.s. from within house) What?
4) 106) dialog: 
4) 108) dialog: (coming through door) It's about that John and that Pearl? THREE-SHOT — PREACHER, RACHEL, RUBY IN BACKGROUND PREACHER'S face twitches with emotion. He breaks out into great thankful sobs. He falls to his knees.
4) 110) dialog: She takes him in. He doesn't take her in. THREE-SHOT — AS BEFORE
4) 111) dialog: Ruby, go fetch them kids. RUBY minces off around the side of the house. CLOSE SHOT —- PREACHER — RACHEL'S ANGLE He wipes off tears with the heel of his left hand, watchi her.
4) 115) dialog: 
4) 117) dialog: (wanting to know) Them kids is yours?
4) 120) dialog: 
4) 121) dialog: Where's your Missus? TWO-SHOT — PROFILING RACHEL AND PREACHER PREACHER gets to his feet.
4) 123) dialog: Where's she at?
4) 125) dialog: She took them kids with her?
4) 127) dialog: 
4) 128) dialog: Right funny, hain't it, how they rowed all the way up river ina ten- foot john-boat!
4) 131) dialog: A sight better than they was. By now JOHN is on the top step beside RACHEL. One of his hands holds on to her skirt, as if he were pulling her to him. His eyes never leave hers. All the CHILDREN freeze, PEARL is on ground, just beyond JOHN. Others in BACKGROUN RUBY as near PREACHER as she can get.
4) 133) dialog: How you figgerin' to raise them two Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca without a woman?
4) 136) dialog: What's wrong, John?
4) 139) dialog: What's wrong, John? TWO-SHOT — PREACHER AND PEARL
4) 141) dialog: John, when your Dad says ‘come’, you should mind him.
4) 143) dialog: He ain't no Preacher neither. I've seen Preachers in my time, an' some of 'em was saints on earth. A few was crookeder'n a dog's hind leg, but this 'un's got 'em all beat for badness. She starts to turn.
4) 144) text: She walks purposefully into the house. PREACHER lunges fo JOHN and the DOLL. CLOSE TWO-SHOT —- PREACHER AND JOHN JOHN ducks under the porch and PREACHER tries to follow h He can't get under. o.s. we hear the slam of the screen d PREACHER'S head comes up to see and we TILT UP, shooting OVER the back of his head. RACHEL stands there, full figu with a pump-gun.
4) 145) dialog: Just march yourself yonder to your horse, Mister. Back of PREACHER'S head is still immobile.
4) 146) dialog: March, Mister! I'm not foolin’.
4) 150) dialog: She sits in profile, her gun across her knees. Song conti os.
4) 153) dialog: Moonin' around the house over that mad dog of a Preacher! Shame, Ruby! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca She blows out the candle. We see through the window. PRE has gone.
4) 154) dialog: 
4) 155) dialog: Merciful Heaven! She stands up.
4) 157) dialog: Ruby, get the children out of bed. Bring them all down here to the kitchen. RUBY leaves the SHOT. RACHEL moves towards window. She pu her hand over her eyes.
4) 158) dialog: Women is such fools! The soft hoot of an owl 0.s. RACHEL looks up.
4) 159) text: AN OWL ON A BRANCH, LOOKING DOWN CLOSE SHOT — A BABY RABBIT CLOSE SHOT — THE OWL SPREADS HIS WINGS AND SWOOPS CLOSE SHOT — RACHEL Still for a second; then o:s., the scream of a rabbit.
4) 160) dialog: I's a hard world for little things. OVER this line we have heard the patter of feet down staircase. She turns.
4) 162) dialog: 
4) 163) dialog: (snapping) Children, | got lonesome. | figgered we might play games. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca PEARL and MARY jump up and down, patting their palms. RA extends her hands and they gather close to her.
4) 165) dialog: 
4) 166) dialog: | might (a swift furious glance into the moonlight) | might tell a story. She sits down, the gun across her knees.
4) 167) dialog: ..aS MARY and PEARL sit at her feet. RUBY stands beside RACHEL. JOHN stands near RACHEL.
4) 169) dialog: I's more fun hearin’ stories in the dark. CLARY sits at RACHEL'S feet. CLOSE PANNING SHOT — JOHN He is alert now. He moves in close beside RACHEL, whom we PAN into CLOSE TWO-SHOT with him, and presses the whole o his right arm against her arm. RACHEL registers quietly. CLOSE GROUP SHOT — RACHEL AND CHILDREN
4) 170) dialog: Well... mind what | told you about little Jesus and his Ma and Pa and how there was No Room at the Inn? HEAD CLOSE-UP — RACHEL Her eyes, sharp and glittering, look outside.
4) 173) dialog: Well now, there was this sneakin', no-count, ornery King Herod! She turns round and walks back to her chair; CHILDREN'S e always on her.
4) 174) dialog: And he heard tell of this little King Jesus growin' up and old Herod figgered: Well, shoot! There sure won't be no room for the both of us! (she sits down) I'l just nip this in the bud.
4) 175) dialog: 
4) 176) dialog: (continuing) Well, he never knowed for sure which one of all them babies of the land was King Jesus. HEAD CLOSE-UP —- RACHEL Her eyes glittering as she turns to look towards us.
4) 177) text: RACHEL gets up, with gun. Again we PULL AWAY, as faces of all CHILDREN in b.g. turn to watch her.
4) 178) dialog: And so that cursed old King Herod figgered if he was to kill all the babies in the land, he'd be sure to get little Jesus. Without speaking, she goes back to her chair.
4) 184) dialog: Well now, John, that's just what they done! They went a-runnin! The clock starts striking three. RACHEL looks to sound o.
4) 187) dialog: (whispering) Run hide in the staircase! Run quick! They scatter out of shot; RUBY lingers.
4) 188) dialog: (without turning to her) Ruby, git. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca RUBY obeys ina trance. RACHEL, gun at ready, looks into darkness.
4) 190) dialog: (o.s.; in a high, steady voice) What do you want?
4) 192) dialog: (O.s.) What are you after them for?
4) 194) dialog: I'm givin’ you to the count of three to get out that screen door; then I'm a-comin' across this kitchen shootin’! A stepped-on cat screams 0.s.and PREACHER'S satanic face, and his hand lifting the open knife, rise swiftly from fl
4) 195) dialog: She fires off her gun.
4) 198) text: Miz Booher? Rachel Cooper. Git them State Troopers out to my place. | done treed somep'n up in my barn.
4) 200) dialog: Same position. JOHN awakes.
4) 202) dialog: I'l make coffee. They get up and start into kitchen.
4) 205) dialog: John, you know? When you're little you have more endurance than God is ever to grant you again? Children are Man at his strongest. They abide. JOHN looks at her a moment. o.s. we hear police car siren They look towards the sound. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 206) text: We SHOOT OVER two TROOPERS. Sirens loud, they rapidly app RACHEL'S house as RACHEL, without gun, holding JOHN'S han comes down to fence. Presently, the other CHILDREN hurry of house behind. The car brakes. FULL SHOT —- RACHEL AND CHILDREN OVER TWO POLICE CARS —
4) 209) dialog: (shouting) Yes! Mind where you shoot, boys! There's children here!
4) 211) dialog: Didn't want yer big feet trackin' up my clean floors.
4) 224) dialog: John! John! She starts after him. FULL SHOT —- TROOPERS, JOHN, RACHEL, OVER PREACHER PREACHER prostrate along bottom of screen. TROOPERS are beating him. JOHN runs up from BACKGROUND followed by RAC Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca JOHN rushes among the TROOPERS, flogging PREACHER over t head with the DOLL. The TROOPERS, astounded, lay off. RAC is stopped in her tracks.
4) 240) dialog: ..aS LAWYER'S hands consign JOHN to RACHEL.
4) 250) dialog: Where's Ruby?
4) 260) dialog: Marching and voices o.s. and in BACKGROUND. Carrying Christmas parcels, they hurry alongside a buildi and, at CENTER of PAN, cross the end of a street. The MOB marches down the street TOWARDS CAMERA; Men run t join it.
4) 270) dialog: Marching sound o.s. RACHEL firmly takes RUBY'S arm and drags her off in our direction. RACHEL shoos MARY and CLARY ahead of her. JOHN and PEARL flank RACHEL, clinging to her wide skirts. RUBY nearest us, keeps looking back over her shoulder. We TRAC them along side of JAIL to rear of JAIL.
4) 286) dialog: She peers into empty mailbox.
4) 287) dialog: Nothing! She slams the box shut and, as we TILT and PAN, walks awa from us through snow towards her lighted house.
4) 288) dialog: I'm glad they didn't send me nothing! Whenever they do it's never nothing | want but something to show me how fancy and smart they've come up in the world. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca She goes into the house.
5) 0) text: It is decorated for Christmas. GROUP SHOT — RACHEL AND CHILDREN Rachel enters; the four girls stand in line, packages rea JOHN stands in bg., in doorway to next room.
5) 2) dialog: 
5) 3) dialog: Shoot! You don't mean to say you got me a present! Their hands hold packages up to her.
5) 4) dialog: Shoot now! She takes a package.
5) 6) dialog: (O.s.) Why, Ruby! Embarrassed, JOHN leaves the shot.
5) 7) dialog: (O.s.)
5) 9) dialog: (o.s., continuing) And much neater than last year's, Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ruby! (Sound of tearing gift-paper os.) (O.s.) And Clary! ANOTHER POT-HOLDER! Ain't that thoughtful. I'm always burnin’ my hands. FULL SHOT — RACHEL, AND CHILDREN, OVER JOHN ..as he enters with present. RUBY and CLARY are standing aside; MARY and PEARL hold up a third pot-holder.
5) 10) dialog: And did you two make this together? Both nod.
5) 13) dialog: (quietly) John, that's the richest gift a body could have. (continued, briskly) You'll find your presents in the cupboard under the china-closet. GROUP SHOT —- RACHEL AND CHILDREN
5) 14) dialog: You know where, Ruby. All turn and run through door except Ruby, whom RACHEL detains.
5) 15) dialog: Ruby: (she takes a box from her apron pocket) This is yours. RUBY opens it quickly; it is a cheap costume-jewelry flow spray. RUBY and RACHEL kiss like grown women and RUBY goe Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca to join the others.
5) 16) dialog: She turns to her stove and is framed by Christmas garland b.g.; banging pots about and stirring; praying as she wor which is the best way to pray. Appropriate noise, o.s., of opening presents.
5) 17) dialog: Lord save little children! (bang) You'd think the world would be ashamed to name such a day as Christmas for one of them... (bang) ..and go on the same old way. (she starts stirring) My soul is humble when | see the way little ones accept their lot. (she pauses in stirring) Lord save little children! The wind blows and the rain is cold. Yet, they abide. In BACKGROUND, the girls run upstairs, their new dresses over their arms. RACHEL glances over her shoulder. MEDIUM SHOT —- JOHN - RACHEL'S VIEWPOINT JOHN stands in next room, looking at something in his han
5) 19) dialog: (whispering, so that he does not hear) For every child, rich or poor there's a time of running through a dark place; and there's no word for a child's fear. A child sees a shadow on the wall, and sees a Tiger. And the old ones say, "There's no tiger; Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca go to sleep." And when that child sleeps, it's a Tiger's sleep, and a Tiger's night, and a Tiger's breathing on the windowpane. Lord save little children! JOHN enters boldly behind her and, with a scrape, masterf swings a chair around close to her and straddles it. RACH turns her back to us. She expects him to speak, he doesn' so she fills in:
5) 20) dialog: That watch sure is a fine, loud ticker! JOHN gives her a burning, proud smile.
5) 21) dialog: It'll be nice to have someone around the house who can give me the right time of day. JOHN finds his tongue.
5) 23) dialog: A feller can't just go around with run-down, busted watches. She turns back, face to us, and goes on with her stirring JOHN goes off towards the staircase to join the girls; th turns back.