11) 0) text: Low lighting. Strange futuristic dialysis machines pump fluids in and out of reclined Son'a men and women... the women use powder and heavy but carefully applied make-up to obscure their faces. Son'a costumes are made of expensive fabrics with latinum chains and exquisite jewels as accessories, suggesting a wealthy culture that values materialism. Sexy female attendants from various alien races, dressed provocatively, work with laser tools to repair cracked, raw skin off Son'a faces. We move to find RU'AFO, 63, the Son'a Ahdar (Commander), reclining getting an elaborate facial from two beauties, creams and oils massaged into his skin by their gentle fingertips...
12) 0) text: As Ru'afo and Dougherty enter...
57) 0) text: Dougherty in the foreground; behind him a Son'a physician is pulling green scum from subcutaneous boils under the skin of Ru'afo's neck with a syringe...
74) 0) text: Dougherty and Ru'afo enter... Ru'afo is furious --
77) 1) dialog: sitting, his head locked in position by an apparatus... a female attendant actually giving him a facelift in front of our eyes... the device stretching his face ever tighter, as she snips off skin by one ear with a laser in a bloodless surgery that heals his wound...
80) 0) text: Ru'afo watches a realistic simulation of a space procedure on a monitor... a small but sophisticated injector assembly sailing into the planet's rings begins to fire charges that start a thermolytic reaction (we see only the early stages here)... Gallatin enters with a PADD...
85) 0) text: Dougherty, Gallatin and Ru'afo study black and white aerial surveillance photographs of the Ba'ku exodus up the foothills. Dougherty is angry and embarrassed...
124) 0) text: Deserted as Ru'afo enters, his face full of tension... he moves to a device that bombards his face with pulsating green energy, trying to relax... Dougherty enters...
125) 0) text: Ru'afo enters...Gallatin and officers on duty...
125) 9) text: (OPTICAL) as huge hatches open and the particle collector that will capture the metaphasic radiation from the rings slowly extends out in both directions. After a beat, Gallatin exits... push in to Ru'afo...
127) 0) text: begin to unfurl majestically in front of the planet's rings... and now we recognize it as the remarkable device we saw earlier in Ru'afo's simulation.
132) 10) dialog: He's no threat.
140) 10) dialog: He watches mesmerized, his vengeance finally satisfied.
141) 0) text: Barely more than a cockpit with a large window into space as they enter, Ru'afo reacts as he sees the rings are normal... his own ship is right there in front of him...
144) 0) text: Ru'afo is frustrated...
150) 1) dialog: in a control area safely removed from the injector, working controls... the digital display moving back from 1:35... he doesn't immediately see --
150) 8) text: as Ru'afo climbs toward Picard...
150) 10) dialog: climbs...
150) 15) dialog: scrambles onto the assembly, reaches Picard and starts  to uncurl...
150) 22) dialog: reacts... looks at...
150) 26) text: perhaps no more than a foot apart... but an instant later, Ru'afo slides away with the injector as it's launched... a protective forcefield zaps into place as it enters space... Picard watches as it moves toward the rings...    
152) 1) dialog: begins to change... growing younger and younger... face- lift falls into middle-age... then taking on the Ba'ku facial skin pattern as he reaches young adulthood... then adolescence... then childhood. White out.