6) 40) dialog: And authorities are in an active investigation of several stabbings that occurred earlier today originally thought to be unrelated, but authorities now say they are investigating possible links... Adelaide turns the radio off. INT. WILSON’S CAR. NIGHT The Wilson’s pull into the driveway. All is quiet. Gabe suddenly turns to the kids in the back. 36. INT. WILSON'S BAYSIDE HOUSE. FAMILY ROOM. NIGHT. Gabe lays on the couch watching TV. Adelaide closes the curtains.
6) 307) dialog: Wow... wow. And so how many of them were there in this group?
6) 309) dialog: Are you safe?
6) 313) dialog: Ma’‘am? Ma’am...? Okay so there you hear some more harrowing first hand accounts that paint a picture of deeply disturbing and clearly connected event which is very much still in progress... If you’re just tuning in, there is still so much we don’t know, but we can say with some confidence that we appear to be in the midst of one of the most brutal and terrifying wide-spread and coordinated attacks this country has seen. There is obviously a lot of misinformation out there, so we’re being careful what we report, but what is clear is that there are multiple assailants and multiple casualties and one common thread seems to be the use of scissors or shears to commit these attacks...
6) 316) dialog: To our knowledge, no group has taken credit for this attack.... And... We have new images coming in. (to his earpiece) Okay...? Okay. (to the public) We have new images coming in from Chicago... The television cuts to iPhone camera footage of downtown Chicago. A chain down line of people are forming a hand-in-hand human the middle of a street. There are several dead bodies laying nearby.
6) 317) dialog: This... Okay this seems to be a... group of individuals engaged in some sort of demonstration or protest.
6) 318) text: The others 70. It’s not clear at this time if, or how these people are connected with the attack that is taking place, but... A new bloody doppleganger goes to join the line. Other “tethered” come from different directions to add to the line as well. The anchor is stunned and silent for what feels like an eternity. NEWS ANCHOR (CONT’D) ...Okay...