19) 10) dialog: I hope you're as pleased to be assigned me as I am for the placement. I'm told it‘s a career-making advancement. Preston says noching, silently surveying the abandoned ci Byes sifting through the silhouetres of the buildings.
19) 11) dialog: Mot that it's the only reason I‘m pleased to be here. You're tha most intuitive of tha Grammaton Clerics. Everyone knows it. I’m intuitive too. IT gan laarm from you. How te focus. 8a that I mise no detail. . So thet I know when they're fealing before tney even know it themselves /.. A long beat, Finally, quietly, Preston speaks. Nedding tewards the dazk aspires af a great, DEAQ CATHEDRAL caugh the distant moonlight.
20) 20) text: Page 13 a In his lap, his thumb ¢lick! cocks back the hammer on his gun. An @ternal moment ... POY! Preascon puts a bullet throvgh the book. His friend erumples behind it in che muted enlar of the shadows. ‘ Preston looks for a moment at the dark form of his former partner and friend huddled in the pew before him. Ari Seals a strange, unsettling chill. Something, soma etranga, distant voices knocking on the d ef his wiconseiots, Turning, he sess a DARK FIGURE standing in the doorway of cathedral - watching him. That figure takes one step forw inte the splintered mecnlight. BRANDT. A feral excitement in his eyes.
21) 0) text: The ear polis te a step at the eurh befare che concrete bunker bhat comprises the fen chousand unit building that containg the cubicle that Preston lives in. Peeeton steps out. Brandt's vaice floats out of the car.
21) 1) dialog: Cleric ... Presion glances momentarily back. Brandt‘’sa eyes are’ br
21) 2) dialog: I could only hope to one day be as uncompromising ag you. And, pulling the door shut, he drives off. Preston watche aiter him a moment. Within him, something... not quite ri
26) 0) text: hs Preston comes down the eteps, a CAR skids up to the cu passenger door swinging open. BRANDT ig hehine the wheel.
26) 1) dialog: Just in time - hep in. Preston, surprised, locks into the car for a mement. Then without much choice, ne gets in. .
27) 0) text: Brandt guides the car inte traffic.
27) 1) dialog: How're the lines? . Presten leoks at him - what?
27) 4) dialog: Maybe T'11 drop by later. I got om the scale this morning. Do you know I’ve lest nearly 20 pounds in the last #8 months? Waturally, I’11 want to go by and have my Dose adjusted.
27) 7) dialog: That's sodething you'11 find me, Cleric. I'm 4 wary person,. Cautious by nature. Always expecting the worst. Page 27 4 wt INT. ROUSE - LIBRIA - DAY 84M! a deor explodes inward aff its hinges ag the BATTERI RAM TEAMS make way for PRESTON and BRANDT entering the ‘o
28) 0) text: Preston moves Ehrough tha house, searching, feeling ... Brandt trails with the captive woman and several officers
30) 5) text: Page 29 . Tne collage of an entire life, stuffed into one Ciny reon The three of them, Preston, Brandt and the Woman -. stand Silencly in the clearing dust.
30) 10) text: The Officer dives for her end Brandt's own gun snaps out. But Preston knocks! Hrandt agide even ag his gun gues off shot Firing wide, punching’ a small anole inte the becuci textured wallpaper. There is a ringing moment. ‘then, regaining his feat, Bra looks at Preston like he wae crazy. Preston looks from th thwarted Woman sitting pinned againes the wall, eyes afir to Brande.
32) 0) text: BRANDT stands impatiently in the long line to the dose window. He's got a waye te go and he's not happy about Sy He stops & passing PROCTOR.
32) 1) dialog: Twas told the lines were short today. PROCTOR . I’m sorry, Sir - there hasn't been less than an hour’s wait all day- He walks off, leaving Brandt watching after, a number of thoughts occurring behind his grey eyes. INT. SRESTORK'’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT, Prastom sits with his children in the living room, On the velevision, the Faces of Libria_
38) 8) dialog: (repeacs) What are you doing?
38) 10) dialog: You didn't like bhe way it was before? Preston looks back at the other man. Is he testing him?
38) 15) text: attemphing ta optimize. Brandt continues locking at him anocher moment. Then nods ae though satisfied with the answer. He tosses a square o Peper onto the desk. * BRANDT . Sense Offenders. Holed up in Y-Bloc.
40) 1) dialog: I'm going Eo qol Cover me! Abrunciy, a MAN, a Sense Offender, domas flying around th comer, SCREAMING like a banshee, waving a qun. He slams Past Branct and rung right inte Preston's arms. BLAM! Brandt's gun barks and the man goes limp in Preston grasp. His fading ayes connecting with Preston's as he slides lifeless dewn his torge ... Preston states at the dead man in his arms. Then Looks, astodianed, to Brandt who nods.
40) 2) dialog: Good grah, Cleric. And, with a yell, he steps around the comer sheoting - several Enforcement units blazing away with him. Preston is left alene - in the ringing aftermath. Realizi he gtili helds the dead man. Leoking into a face that, manents befora, fale. Like him... He quickly releases the body. His hands. Covered in bleed. Blinking rapidly. Deeply, conflicted, confused. :
42) 1) dialog: You're thinking something ... | Preston locks over at him. Echoes of his own words to Partridge. Brandt pers on the shadew of a smile. ‘
42) 2) dialog: Whenever someone's presccupied, I can’t help bot wonder why. My mature, I guess. Pbraston holds che other man’s piercingly interrogative g for a moment. Then shakes his head.
42) 4) dialog: Be you knew - it's the law oF diminishment - if we keap Burning this contraband + one day there simply won't be any cE it Jett. He locke up again, as if acbered by the theusht.
43) 0) text: Sresten and Brandt stand with the Enforcement teams outsi the fence of a KENNEL. More than a dagen DOGS of every description within, baying at the Durning heuse. 5
43) 4) dialog: Exterminate tham, of course. che Enforcay sacks back cha bolt on mis repeating rifle a apasing tha gate, starts ta step im. iInmveluntarily, Pre Opens nis mouth to speak.
43) 5) dialog: (raising hand} Wait (Preston) Whar is it, Cleric? Preston struggles for a momant, against what nok éven he knows oz understands ... then shakes his head.
43) 10) dialog: Tose it back in - he'd finish it.
50) 7) dialog: Cleric. I need to pass right away- The soldier takes his L.D., examining it.
50) 9) dialog: Dammit, thie is essential Clerical business! I have te pass now! The Soldier straightens, putting his hand on his rifle.
50) 10) text: You lack authorization. Under no - pircumstances will you he allawed to pass through thie gate. Brandt e#es that thia man means what ha says. His eyes sh to the ominous white-leather clad SWEEPER CREW posted by their tanker just on the other side of the gate. Ke snaps his ayes back to the soldier.
50) 11) dialog: Tell the captain of the Sweeper Crew 1 need to speak to him immediately. -
54) 15) dialog: tan you cum a trace of the movements of a Cleric's sidearm’ tonight through that thing? . oo - , ENFORCER ‘ \No Sir. Only Councillary members heve access to gun tracking.
54) 18) text: a ti Page 53 Brandt purses his lips, thwatted for the moment. Then ned
54) 19) dialog: I want ballistics performed on che. 4 artifaczs removed from these bodies. I want the results compared againat the gun records of the Cleric. The Enforcer looks shackad at the implication of this. Hu the lock in Brandt’s black eyes leaves him no deubt ocher than khat the man is deadly serious,
55) 6) dialog: Raid in the industriel section. Ler‘’s go. Presten hesitates an inarant ... then gats in.
55) 10) dialog: Everything all right? Preston locks over at him - surprised.
55) 12) dialog: (tahrugs) _ . Oh... you've gor a lot on your mind. Ereston hesitates an instant. t
55) 14) dialog: ‘You forget - the inkuitive |rtz, Cleric. Tre's ay fob to know what you're thinking. Braston looks Back at Him -! manages a smile of has own.
55) 17) dialog: You're wondering ... if they know whe did at yet. : Preston is frozen.
55) 18) dialog: Tell me, Cleric, am I... ciose? Preston ewallows. Neds.
55) 24) dialog: Oh, there‘s theories. J have one or -wo of my own. But at tha moment they're... He looks at Preston. Deeply, deenly .... . 4
55) 25) dialog: premature. fabruptly) And in any case - i'm glad it happened. Prescon lecks back at him - fealing a chill.
55) 27) dialog: Because mow Father's dedreed an acceleracion in the crackdown on offenders. He shrugs.
55) 29) dialog: It's gning to be a massacre.
55) 30) text: tinder the allegra assai of the 4th movement of Beethoven sth, the carnage of the day. With wilitazy precision, Sho Troops converge in the street cutside an abandoned factor Gunes firing ... Windows axpleding, plaster flying -.. Suspected offenders, running, crumpling, dying ... And Presten, drifting through the chaos - stunned, horrif At the events. At his perticipation in Cham. , And in his background, BRANDT, watching him always.
78) 0) text: The PUPPY lies nose between his front paws on the flcor o Preston's small storage space, A SHADOW falls across him he gerg ca Ais fast, coming hopefully to the gate. But if the dog is hoping for some affection, he iz doomed aisappoinnmant. The shadow belongs to BRANDT.
85) 29) dialog: Clerie Jehn Freghoan - you're under arrest.
86) 0) text: officers and civilians alike turm to staré as Preston is driven ahead of Brandt and three armed and uniformed Enforcement officers. He has been severely beaten. He stumbles and Brands kicka from behind, pronelling him crashing forward ante tha flo Brandt, panting, looks at those who stare back at them. i
86) 1) dialog: This man - 4 Senior Cleric! Has ceasad the Dose! He ie feeling! He kicks Preston egain. Presten takes it with less emotio than he'd expressed even before he began to feel.
86) 2) dialog: This man! Is the worm thac has been ea ring at the core of our Great Society. And Z hava brought him for your justice! He haule Preston to his feet, hissing inte his ear.
86) 3) dialog: I told you [’d make my caress with you, Presten. .
86) 5) dialog: VWiee-Council! ‘This man is guilty of eonsorting with Sanse Offenders, of having relations with a female .... His lips curl ag he speaks these last mnet damning words. *” BRANDT Of Sense Crime itself. Dupent Looks at them both - surprised. Nods to a SWEEFER standing at the door.
86) 11) dialog: That won't even be necessary, Bir. It you run the trace record on his: sidearm, you will see that it was ha whe was with |! the Sweener Team when they were killed. : : Vice-Council DuPent considers him for a moment. The. pulling his keyboard foxward, he runs the trace. Ha stares. astonished, at the result. Looks to Preston.
86) 22) dialog: Whe will be left to watch .,. 4 beset. Then Presron hands Frande his gun. BACK - Brandt's eyes shoot up as he realizes.
86) 23) dialog: He switched then. i He holde the gun up.
86) 24) dialog: You see?? J have Ais gun.