13) 3) dialog: (thoughtfully! Yes ... Loam at that. (sitting back) I’ve heard a great deal about you, Preston. They say you'ra the veritable Fourth Horseman cf the TetraGram, That you were taised from childhood in the Cleric Monasteries, schooled in the arte of intuition and strife, That there is na one. better.
13) 12) dialog: If you had meased your Librium interval. Tf you were ... a Sense Offender ...
13) 18) dialog: And the result was?
13) 24) dialog: How did you feel - watching those oy paincings burning. Sublimaring eway ince invisible gas - never again to be laid upon By human #yes.
13) 27) dialog: You're a family man? Ohildren ... 7
13) 29) dialog: Very gomd - and... the nother?
13) 33) dialog: Really? How did you come to misg it?
13) 35) dialog: Bo net let your vigilance flag, Cleric. You may stil] be neadad in this battle. Something in. the very specific way he says it gives Pres
23) 27) dialog: Se you shot pin.
23) 29) dialog: Unquestionably. But priey co destruction could he not conceivably havea heen interrogated by more systematic, by more
23) 40) dialog: Please - speak openly. What did you feel?
23) 44) dialog: Then 1 suppose you'd better hurry - that is, if you expect cto make the Hall of Equilibrium first. Preston is doubly startled. DuPont emilés faintly.
23) 50) dialog: There's very Little I don’t know, Preston. Preston hesipates an instant, coming to grips with it - c with an abrupt nod and a click of his heels, he nods, tur and heads for the door.
49) 28) dialog: ‘I don’t think I.quite comprehend your request, Cleric.
49) 35) dialog: Precty ..: Prevton barely manages to conceal the confused rush he fe At those words.
49) 38) dialog: In a time of a lend called Arabia, the Mameluke were a caste of warrior monks. Eunuchs. Selected and casrrated at birth: trained ta be the greatest fighting slaves avar known. Existing entirely above the move and sway af cammen passion. He is quiet, thoughtful a moment.
49) 42) dialog: Like me. Preston looka at him, startled.
49) 44) dialog: Tell me what you knew of him, Preston, o£ rather...
49) 46) dialog: And have you ever seen him?
49) 49) dialog: Do you know why, Preston? Preston hesitates for another instant, feeling his inside twist. Than ragurgitates the rote dogma that has been tha Boilerplate of his entire existence.
49) 56) text: a pauses, paradoxically impassioned a momen. Then calms. : DUPONT . Even knowing that, Cleric, it is his uncompromising example we must continue to uphold. We cannes bend our ow laws, We cannot comromnise our ideals. He looks very particularly at Preston.
49) 57) dialog: We can beat this Resistance. We can deat it without entering ints league with Senge Offenders, can't we, Preston? Preecon Cemses as it hits him whet che other man's saying . DoPoONT Let's show them that we até wnak we maan. Let's burn this woman, this Sénee Offender. Let‘s burn her and break them anyway. He abruptly takes Prasten’s band with missionary zeal.
49) 58) dialog: Because I pelieve you can do it, Sreston. The only question is will you? Will you be Fathex‘s pure weapon against the Resietance. The ingtrument of the State, -for the State. Will you find them? Will you Break them? For Father. For me. Praston wavers - twisting to near-breaking inside. But ultimately, has no choice but to say:
56) 6) text: Page 62 DUPONT’ S IMAGE i don't quite follow your logic, Cleric. Srescon is pale, barely able to cenceal the fact that he trembling. . . . 4
66) 3) dialog: I’ve heard the most disturbing rumotr. His pinning eyes make Preston go cold aa the grave.
66) 10) dialog: This person, I’m told, is actually. + aktempting to make contact with the Resistance. Now bell me, if you'll be so kind - how exactly have you been maki use of your time of late? : BR rigid heat as Preston stares back at this man who krew everything. It is all he can do to reach down inside and make himself speak his own death-sentance - saying what Tubont must already knew:
75) 0) text: Preston follaws Dyrent through a heavily guarded security Airlock, DuPont apds co the ‘brutally armed Sweepers.
75) 1) dialog: He's with me. The Sweeper Teams duly relieve Preavon uf has firearm and allow him te follow Dupont through the heavy METAL DETECT
75) 3) dialog: Yes, Claric? Preston snaps his ettention back to DuPont. .” PRESTON Yes Sir, if you recall, I'd spoken to you about a Senge Offender eriticai cro my investigation inte the uadarground ...
75) 9) dialog: We process a yreat number ef offenders, Cleric. Preston hesitates an internal instant. . +
75) 13) dialog: What about her?
75) 15) dialog: T see... DuPont studies him - long and deep.
75) 17) dialog: His will is hard - but that's what takes him great, ig it not, Cleric? When Preston finally finds ic in himself to speak, it is an empty whisper.
86) 12) dialog: Cleric - I assume you have something to Bay to me?
86) 26) dialog: T suppose I should have known By the enthusiasm, the vary rabid nassion with which you pursued this task. A fervor reminiscent almost ... : Sis eyes narrow thinly.
86) 27) dialog: of a man feeling. Brandt goes gqrave-cold. Dupont nods toa the Sweapers.
86) 32) text: Page 93 4 and he i¢ gone. DuPont leoks te bloodied Preston.
86) 33) dialog: Of course, since a complaint has been jedced, the law and the letter is that I 5 allow the team to carry out the sedrch ef your premises. Da you think that's entirely necassary, Cleric? Or am 7 being ... ta unyielding? : Preston wavers only an instant.
86) 35) dialog: tsmiles And it daesa‘t disturb you in the least that he's going to his end? Preston looks at him.
86) 36) text: How could it? DuPont suiles to himself again. Right answex, as always.
86) 38) dialog: Bur Clerie ... you know Father never gives audience to anyone ... Preston steps through the dark deorway in his neat.
92) 20) text: I'm coming. Pow! he Bkows DuPont’s startled image out of the screen a ducks through the screaming metal datechors.
94) 0) text: He burste into the amtervem. The six guards ‘in there kne was coming, they could hear ic .-. . : Buk so awesome waa the sound of the battle rumbling Jinexarably towards them that they were heaten before he stepped inte the room and blew them back through the door INT. FATHER’S BOUDOTR - DAY Inte Father‘s chambers. Coming on like the Fourth Horsema himself, Preston follows their collapsing bodies into a massive marble room of invonparahle, beauty and elegance. Where DUPONT atands. Qaietly, silantly, TWO PISTOLS dangling in his hands at h giges, Preston's eyes quickly scam the reom.
94) 11) dialog: (eireling) That I'm not quite picking up. + POW! Preston fires. DuPont, synchronized with him, fires the exact same instant and trajactory. pullets exploding shrapnel between them. And that’s it, che dam bursts. BLAMIBLAM!SLAM!, like pure ballet. a whirling, swirling, two-fieted sworéfight with bullets erupts between Presten DuPont ..4- Se accurate and so intuitive are they moth that’ every bu fired by one is parried - blasted gut of existence - by t answering bullet of the other. - Tn an instant, the air is thick with screaming shraonal a their bullets explode together in & machine-gun staccato gtuttering collisions. Meither man able to get toe edge over the other whose movements he instinctively knows. The COUNTER on Preston's gun, lying down towards zero. zbeuptly, at ONE, Preston sping-- aiming down at SuPenc’s thigh, drawing DuPont spinning and his awn gun down in a MiPrar CHOuMcer-movement ... But act the lass inetant, Preston dossn’t fire as Powi DuPont's bullet spite out of his gun and FUMCHES thru Preston's thigh. A Eight gasp through clenched teeth and Preston staggers Then ... straightens DuPont's gun has clicked epen, having matched Preston bul for bullet - all now spent. Sue Preston eeill has hie des one. : His eyes come up, clear. He took the bullet on purpose. H directed it where he wanted it and took it. He raises his gun in line with DuPont's forehead, < “IRON Wait! Preeton does.
94) 16) dialog: Lock ac me. I’m life. T live. Tf Breathe, I feel. Mow that you knew it - ean you really take it? 5 Preston stares back at him - the words not without effect the emotions batria inside him. Finally, quietly, he drops the lever on his pistol grip s chat the LCD on it now reqiaters "Explosive round armedi*