68) 9) dialog: How could you? A million conilicving amotions. On one hand your commitment to the State; not so aasily forgot. The other, the abhorrence of the wrongs
69) 2) dialog: It’s what was called a polygraph. af course there is no one left qualified to interpret the results now, but it works ‘by detecting amotional fluctuations- He nods.
69) 3) dialog: And for ovr purposes - that's enough, He neds to one of the men who ture it an. Jurgen paces slowly around the dim room for a moment. Then, stepping before Preston, he quietly speaks one word:
69) 4) dialog: Mary. The needle on the graph spikes, registering sharply from Elatiine. Jurgen smiles sadly. knowingdy .
69) 5) dialog: .° (qaierly) You're in love with her ..-
69) 10) dialog: Are you not then ... carrying in your . left pocket a red ribbon sprayed with her gtent ... _ Preston looks at him, shocked,
69) 12) dialog: But it’s not enough. What you feel, it could only be satisfied fol¢ing yourself inte her. For all cine. That’s love, - Presten. I shewld know ... . Ye rises, node. Draws a deep breath, code...
69) 13) dialog: Io should know -.- Presten looks at Lim - for the first time in his life - understanding completely what anothe> human being is feel
69) 16) dialog: You're thinking [I'm cold. I'm like one of them. But it's not so, Preston. i'd do anything to save her. Anything at all. Except betray her. Ha draws 2 deep, quietly passionate breath. 7 To risk a rescus now, at this junerure, it would jeopardize everything we've worked for, everything she's worked for. She‘s a martyr, Freaton. A martyr. For us all.
69) 20) dialog: Come with me. ; . 4
70) 1) dialog: Take a peat. A beat, Freston complies. Jurgen settles into his chair o the other side of the desk. Lights a cigar. t
70) 2) dialog: Twas like you. Sur che first ching you learn = amotion hag its price. Ha shakes nis head.
70) 3) dialog: It's a paradex. Sut, without restraint, avan control - emotion is chacs.
70) 5) dialog: (raises hand) . I know, The key difference is a matter of degree. When we want to feel, we can. So you see, in the case of Mary, though I denperately want to cdo just thar, I can’t allow myself that luxury - I have to see beyond my emoticon. He looks levelly across che desk at Praston.
70) 6) dialog: and so must you, Preston. Thay look at one another, the last words hanging there.
70) 8) dialog: You can kill Pather.
71) 0) text: Preston walks rapidly away down the busy sidewalk.. Jurge walks quickly a few steps behind him. Neither of them = + exhibits the slightest emotion but the truth is that both them are.exploding with it. Invisible to all, Jurgen is pursuing FPreatan.
72) 12) dialog: That‘s why you're a Godsend to us, Preston, You're the only person thac can * get through Father's eecurity. Without you, we've lost everyshing. Without you = wa're doomed. : Preston can only stare at hin, overwhelined.
76) 9) dialog: We have a network that's larger than you imagine. The ingtant word is gotten that Fathexs is dead, bombs char have already been planted ... He indicates on the vast map - here ... here ... and here
76) 11) dialog: Will you? Will you ce it” Prastom is silent again, waging a battle that's already L in hie heare. . PRESTON . What about war? The everyday cruelties that are all gone now ... / JURGEN . Replaced by the TetraSrampaton. You do it for us wholeaalie, dan't you ... A heavy silence. Freston knows he's right.
77) 0) text: Jurgen sees Preston out to the sidewalk. He catches Preston's am. A beat between the two men.
77) 1) dialog: You'll say goodbye to har for mé, won't you? Preston stares at the other man, Then nods. The two man, both in love with the same woman, shake hands. .
89) 8) text: His eyes meet Jurgen'’s as he is shoved into the wagon. T message in the. revolutionary’#s own eyes is clear - I go death, I pray you doe what mist be done. The door is sheammed shut. An Enforcer nods to Preston.
97) 0) text: and on the Death-Walk to the Incinsrarium's, JURGEN, his COMPATRIOTS, and their astonished guards all curm to look the faces speaking to them from the screens : FACES OF LIiARIA The back cf the Cleric ig broker...
97) 1) text: Jurgen and his fellows axchange a look of EmaZemenc .