31) 12) text: Well Mary, you can either wait and tell the technicians at the Palace of Juetice, Gr you can tell me now - who are your friends? Her eyes rise. Looking back at him for the first time. Impossibly steady.
31) 13) dialog: (finally) I‘m wondering - if you have any idea at all what the word "fxiend" means. Preston tightens an imperceptible instant - Fartridge and DuPent comiog back to hin. His composure recrystallices,
31) 16) dialog: TE I've done something wrong. But I haven't.
31) 19) dialog: What law would that be? The lew of nature says J should fael. ‘That every atom of me was buiit for it. It's a crime I Gon't use chemicals to crush myself? To y stop myselE from feeling because you're afraid what I feel might be dangerous? PRESTOW . Excuse M@, AT#® You at al) aware... MARY . (stepping on him) "Of tha history of suffering grown cut of the epetional nature of Man'? The Manifest Doctrinals: Man's inhumanity te Man - all Secause he can hate and lust - Tage and covet. - t
31) 22) dialog: Let me ask you something ... And, startlingly, she reaches forward and grasps one of h hands ince her own. Her ¢yes looking inta his.
31) 23) dialog: Why are you alive? Within Fresten, for reasons he can't even understand, eve atom of his being electrifies. He quickly pulls his hand back from here, flustered. Tryi tm cover -..
31) 29) dialog: What function?
31) 31) dialog: It's circular. You exlet to continue your existence. What's the peine? He lesks at her a long moment, pulse finally calming.
31) 33) dialog: To feel. Because you've never done it, you.can never know it. But it’s af vical as breath. And without it, without love, without anger, sorrow - breath is just a elack - biaking. Preston considers her another long moment.
31) 35) dialog: I‘m willing ts be a lec mere than the seed, Iocan teil you. Im willing to be the endl, I'm willing to be the sun - the wery water - if necessary. 4 tlummexed beac frem Preston.
31) 37) dialog: “Brocessing"? You mean execution don’t yau. He looks back at her impassively across the cable.
41) 0) text: The guifire and ecreama are gone but fer the echoes now. Every shot needed, has been fired. Every scream, silenced Now Preston does his wark. Wandering through the house * alone. Searching. Smellirg our that place ... He fixes on a wall. Approaching it, he gcratches at the Plaster with a fingernail. It crumbles away easily and, a moment later, he is stepping into a HIDDEN ROOM. Instantly, the eye is assaulted with the uncustomary gensation of COLOR. THINGS, jumbled everywhere. Pictures, paintings, posters, wall paper, collages, teys. upholster furniture... He looks around ... + An old Singer sawing machine. A work of arr, really. He picks up an embroidered pillow - “Bless this Mess" Tacky, yes, but to eyes hungry for human expression. the highest He allows his hand te fum along the edge of a‘long, ornat carved table as he woves slowly through the room - past t framed ciccures of unrelated people, long dead- Stopping at an ILLUSTRATED CHILOREN:S BOOK. Picking it up he mutters the ritle ...
47) 0) text: Praston sits in front of the BOX of objects confiscared f Mary's home. Contemplating it, almost fearfully.
48) 0) text: Preston stands beside the SECURITY TECHNICIANS. Staring a one of the many video monitors. MARY sits in har call. He gazes long into her pensive featuras. Finelly, shaking off, he epesks to the security technicians.
49) 0) text: A windowless room. Frestom sits across from MARY. All tra of his inner turmoil - hidden away. For her parc, sha leske as though she has been knocked ar a Bit. She considers him a mildiy curioqus moment.
49) 4) dialog: Ask your questions. And then leave. Preston is unprepared. Ha? a come only becsuse he wanted, needed te s¢e her. He's rhought no further than that.
49) 8) dialog: The techiicians already asked mé that. Tf there were a resistance, 1 guess 1 would have told them, wouldn’t IT?) Se why 4: don‘E you get cto che point and tell me why you're really here. He holds on her another moment. Ha can't possibly teil he that he is here because he felt irresistibly drawn here.
49) 11) dialog: Rhy de you cere?
49) 13) dialog: Then why ask?
49) 15) dialog: O£ course it was hard. In's a withdrawal. Tes a drug. You get through ir by thinking about the people who put it in you. Preston locks herd at her - trying hard to comprehand.
49) 18) dialog: Uncooperative? There is an ironic half-twist ia her smile.
49) 22) dialog: Well we can't have thak, can we? if someone’s coloring outside the lines, by all means, medicate them. Piease: Right beck inte conformity. and, hey, since + wa're just crying to help, why nor institutionalize it while we're at it? Ske amiles with everything but her eyes.
49) 23) dialog: ‘Cause if thee duesn't work - well, f suppose we can always find @ witch or two te burn in Selem. Preston stares. Deeply stirred by this amacing woman. MARY « Mind if I ask you a persona] question? An invisible awallaow. He nods.
49) 24) dialog: De you find ta attractive? Startled, Preston's eyes blink away for the thinnest frac of an instant. Thea back.
49) 26) dialog: You see?
50) 0) text: Praston sits, deep in the bowelea of his Building’s basem in his family’s personal storage space, buried in Fhought Kneading through his fingers, MARY'S RED RIBBON. While, between his knees, the PUPPY contentadly snoozes.
57) 5) text: ak Page 64 He walks our, closing the door behind him. Preston's eyes turn to the eray. On it are several of Partridge’s effect Keys, identification ... : . - And an ENGRAVED SILVER CIGARETTE CASE. Picking it up, Pre feals the fine engraving with his fingertips. Opens it. . Inside lie a dozen or more OLD PHOTOGRAPHS. He flips slow through them, drinking in the details of each. They are, of course, pictures of strangers, probahiy ail dead for the most part, from an age long gone by. hk happier time. . Things look different. People ara dressed differently. Celorfully. Women wear make-up. In many of the photos, bo men and woman are smiling and even, Laughing. He stops, eyes rising quickly at the SUDDEN SOUND of VOIC approaching the door. Then, they fade away. Retumming his attention back co the photos, ha turns te t last picture. It is turaed ower. Om ita back ia written t word FREEDOWY. He considers the word an instant ... Then flips it over. And freezas, Shocked. It i4 of PARTRIDGE, Standing witk = BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. MARY . Preston stares at the photo trembiing in his hands fer an eternal moment. A thousand emotions stabhing through him,
59) 0) text: Presten sits opposite Mary in the high-ceilinged windowle room 101, She smiles, amused.
59) 1) dialog: We have to stop seeing each other like this. People will talk. But Preston is in no mood.
59) 6) text: - Errel Partridge. | - + Her eyes flutter momentarily. Recovering, she shrugs. MARY . The name‘s supposed to maan something to - he? ' i PRESTOU : A Grammaton Cleric, first class. You knew him. News bulletin. i'ma dense-Offender. I doen't hang ‘round mich with the Cleric.
59) 7) dialog: Re places the PHOTO on the table, flicks it across with a i finger. She looks at it, just for an instant off her gu ‘Then just shrugs. Preston looks levelly back at her.
59) 10) dialog: Wall, E'd sugqase you go ask him, but I understand that hes dead. Killed by your Eziendgs at the Tetracranmmaton .
59) 19) dialog: You really want to know? You talk about service to Libria? You can’t even imagine the sacrifice he was going =o make before you murdered him. Presten turns and looks back at her, every fiber screamin put inside him, lenging to tell hed.
59) 21) dialog: Can 7 pall you something? Without turning, he pauses in the doorway.
59) 22) dialog: IT bate you. And everyching you stand for. He looks down a moment. Then gets che hell out of there before he says something he regrets. . .
60) 0) text: The wifice is empty. Preston sits at his desk, contemplat the PHOTO of Mary and Partridge. Ye tums it ever, The word FREEDOM written there. Mocking him. Ne stares at it. Then, intuitively, picks up a pen and wr an alphabetic number under each letters: ¢ 165 5 4 15 13. He considers what he has written a moment. Circles the fi pumber of each group. 616 5411.
73) 0) text: Once again, deep in the bowels of Preston's building, he in his storage space. One hand distractedly scratching th puppy's head; the other grasping Mary's bir af ribbon ... Stariag long and deep. into space. .
74) 0) text: Preston gits now across f2om MARY in the cold white of Do 101. ‘There is a long silence.
74) 2) dialog: «+. Yott kegp coming ... He says nothing. Abruptly, hia wateh begins beeping - alarting him thac it time to take his Librium. It beeps starkly im the gilence the conerece room between them. Quietly, he turns it off. She watches him a beat.
74) 3) dialog: Aren't you going to dose? He doas not reply, silently staring down at the table ...
74) 10) dialog: My God .... you feel ... He saye nothing. -Until Finally ...
74) 15) dialog: ace What will you ... da Preston looks down.
74) 17) dialog: We have ... such difficult thresholds to cress. . ghe words hit him like a-bolt, twisting a knot in his thr Néither acknowledges the CAMERA, a Black eye staring dom
85) 12) dialog: Preston ...
85) 14) dialog: And then what, Preston? - He etares back at her - trembling - unable to answer. She looks at him for the deepest moment. Then, sadly, sha har head. : : ‘MARY : My one regret is Chat we aidn't have mora . of everything” wee She touches the side of his face. The Incineration Technician and guards look shocked, But Preston makes no move to atop her, hia anguished eyes -drinking hers.
85) 20) dialog: Promise me - if's not for nething. He staves at her, tortured, anguished. He starts ta speak but she stops hin. t
85) 21) dialog: Promise me All fe.can finally manage ..- is a muce nod. She nods too Risaes hig cheek end turns to the Incineration Technician
85) 22) dialog: I'm reacy. They remeve her smock. The door te the incineration chamb sucke open and she skeps in, She ‘hurne, Looking at Prest so beatific, go utterly beautiful, as the door sucks shut Thara is a moment. Then behind the pmall window, there is WHOOSH! and a brilliant flash of orenge. Shea's gone. Stunned, head ringing, Preston's eyes move to the SMORED GLBSS WINDOK above the incineration chamber . He can see a DARK FORM behind it. It could only be ..- FATHER.
95) 0) text: Revealing the final hidden room. Ingide, amidsc all of th equipment that broadcasts the Faces of Libria, the greate Creasure of alz. Mary. With a sreat gasp, she throws herself into his arms.
95) 1) dialog: I theughet you were daad. They hold ene another as if they will never Let go. Wnen they finally separate, they look long into each other eye Then, Limping over, Presten settles in at DuPont's PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM. Keying the mike, he flicks it on. It crackles whirring bo Static hum ... : . :