3) 0) text: Synchronized, like a machina, Presten and Partridge move silently through the house. A DESPERADO steps abrupely out of a doorway ahead, shotgu mot an inch from Fartridge’s head. PoW!, almost before he aven appeared, Breaton has pur hin down with & bullet to the brain. The two lock at seach ot Clos, .
8) 7) text: “ Partridge nods to the SPECIAL TERMS whe move quickly up.
8) 8) dialog: Where ...7 Preston nods te a SPACE in che middle of the floorboards, covered by a threadbare rng.
9) 0) text: Preston and Partridge ride in ailence in the back of the vehicle, watching the quaint, *ilent neighborhood go by. Odd, but there isn’t a soul to be seen in this neighborho Every door has been painted with a plaque-era black ‘T’, avery Ech or so house, has been buraed to the ground ...
9) 1) text: Page 6 But it seems ta make no impression on Preston. He looks o at Partridge, his partner's strong jaw tensed, contemplac as he stares out the window at the empty, passing neighborhoed. $ Preston studies his partner of many years. Thare are things Preston can know by simply leoking 2t a person that would border on mind-reading for the rest of
9) 3) dialog: Oh... mo... nothing ... He shakes his head, gesturing the vacan= neighborhood.
9) 4) dialog: Why don't wa just burn it all ta the ground - and be done with it?
9) 8) text: {reflective] Every time we make this drive into the city - it hits me . inads) How very far we've come. Partridge does not look up as he chicks his vial into the small PNEUMATIC SYRINGE tucked into the bottom of his oas
9) 9) dialog: We have? Preston icoks sharply ever - not certain he heard correct Cocks his head.
10) 0) text: A great surge of APPLAUSE risep as Partridge and Preston proceed tapidly through the two great stone columns that the gateway to the city’s vast communal stadiun. The Stands ar® packed with intent on-lJookers as, on-fiel corps of black-unifarmed, tow-headed CHILDREN are going through a synchronized martial choreography .-. t The crowd, ten thougand-eeveng, applauds, enjoying che epactacle thorougnly. Preston and Partridge are met immediately by two white-cl SWEEPERS who fall inte quick lack-step with chem.
11) 25) text: Faga 11 Suddenly, faster than etheughe, Preston stripe the gun ou hia hangs and slams him te the concrete. Instantly, the Sweepers swarm the man, gagging and bindin him with stunning swiftness, ‘The crowd politely applauds Preston's ayes meet Partridge's in the crowd, Preston amiies, Parcridge doesn’t.
15) 0) text: He stands before a LOCKER marked ‘Partridge’ . Feels with fingers the tumbler that locke it. With a crowbar, he cracks it open.
20) 1) dialog: You always knaw. You just couldn’t bring yourself te admit it. With che tip of fis GUN, Preston raises the cover of the book. THE FOBTRY OF YEATS.
20) 2) dialog: Ever had the pleasure ...
20) 4) dialog: (raads] But 7, being poor, have oniy my dreams; ZI have spread my dreams under pour feet: Tread soitiy bacaues you tread on my dreams. flecks up} to assume you dream, Preston?
20) 6) dialog: Hew can you be immune te it, John? Presten logke up to the great window. Back. Immune to it.
20) 11) dialog: Ne. You're net. You don’t even know the meaning. It's just a vestigial word for a feeling you've never felt. Preston is silent.
20) 12) dialog: Don't you gee, Preston - it’s gone. Everything that makes us¢ewhak we are; traded away.
20) 14) dialog: Woat is it you think we do?
20) 16) text: You're Wrong. You've been with me; you've geen now it can bé. Jealousy and rage. Anger. Hate... Slowly, sadly, silently, Partridge nods.
20) 17) dialog: A very heavy cost His hand FALLS to a DARK OBJECT in his lap...
20) 18) text: I pay it gladly ... Preston dees, in the moonlight'a celorad glint, that the ebject ig PARTRIDGE'S GUN. His hand resting om ir ... Preston pulls his own qun up in line with Partridge’s mya Those eyes look past the gin - up inte his own eyes. Bs Then Partridge raises the open book. Between their eye Ending the conversation. Forever.
23) 33) text: Page 24 a - clinical means here at the Palace of duetice? Potentially leading to ¢rucial evidence? Possibly aven confederatas? Preston hesitates an instant. Partridge? ‘Clinical’ 4 interrogation? He feels a flush of confusion.
57) 0) text: In a metal chair next to a metal tray thar holds PARTRIDG fOLyY. Presten sits, head in his hands - anguished. Partridge ig the light lavender of death. Just below his throat, the neat hole where Preston's bullet entered.
57) 5) text: ak Page 64 He walks our, closing the door behind him. Preston's eyes turn to the eray. On it are several of Partridge’s effect Keys, identification ... : . - And an ENGRAVED SILVER CIGARETTE CASE. Picking it up, Pre feals the fine engraving with his fingertips. Opens it. . Inside lie a dozen or more OLD PHOTOGRAPHS. He flips slow through them, drinking in the details of each. They are, of course, pictures of strangers, probahiy ail dead for the most part, from an age long gone by. hk happier time. . Things look different. People ara dressed differently. Celorfully. Women wear make-up. In many of the photos, bo men and woman are smiling and even, Laughing. He stops, eyes rising quickly at the SUDDEN SOUND of VOIC approaching the door. Then, they fade away. Retumming his attention back co the photos, ha turns te t last picture. It is turaed ower. Om ita back ia written t word FREEDOWY. He considers the word an instant ... Then flips it over. And freezas, Shocked. It i4 of PARTRIDGE, Standing witk = BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. MARY . Preston stares at the photo trembiing in his hands fer an eternal moment. A thousand emotions stabhing through him,
58) 0) text: Preston stands watching as Partridge's hady travels dawn rollers into the hunger of the FLAMES. Clenched hidden in Preston's fist, is tha PHOTO.
59) 6) text: - Errel Partridge. | - + Her eyes flutter momentarily. Recovering, she shrugs. MARY . The name‘s supposed to maan something to - he? ' i PRESTOU : A Grammaton Cleric, first class. You knew him. News bulletin. i'ma dense-Offender. I doen't hang ‘round mich with the Cleric.
60) 0) text: The wifice is empty. Preston sits at his desk, contemplat the PHOTO of Mary and Partridge. Ye tums it ever, The word FREEDOM written there. Mocking him. Ne stares at it. Then, intuitively, picks up a pen and wr an alphabetic number under each letters: ¢ 165 5 4 15 13. He considers what he has written a moment. Circles the fi pumber of each group. 616 5411.