57) 1) dialog: Do you have a motive? Finch is standing next to the cadaver gurney with the coroner, Delia Surridge.  She is a serious woman, hair wo tight behind her head in a severe bun.
57) 2) dialog: I mean, was anything taken? She fills the dead man's head with cotton and replaces th top of his skull.
57) 5) dialog: Well... She points at a jagged puncture wound at the base of the man's sternum with a ball point pen.
57) 6) dialog: He's incredibly powerful.  This man's sternum was split like dry wood from the base all the way up to the manubrium. Finch peers into the hole.
57) 7) dialog: And he's resourceful.  On that table behind you is a breakdown of all the chemicals found in Prothero's blood stream. Finch hefts the pile of computer paper.
57) 9) dialog: There were hundreds of different chemicals in him.  From trinitrotoluene to estrogen to motor oil. He flips through the document, biting into the wooden end his pipe.
57) 11) dialog: The Leader finally authorized an uplink for you?  He must be getting nervous.
57) 16) dialog: Yes -- Yes, of course.
64) 0) text: The covers pulled protectively up around her, Delia rests a light, uneasy sleep. Suddenly, an eye pops open as she awakens, catching a familiar scent.  She slowly sits up and inhales.
64) 1) dialog: Roses. She closes her eyes.
64) 2) dialog: It's you, isn't it?  You've come to kill me. From the shadows, V answers.
64) 4) dialog: Oh thank god.  Thank god.
66) 2) dialog: No, no.  I thought I would be, but I'm not.  I'm -- She looks at the hovering, smiling mask.
66) 3) dialog: Relieved. She starts to cry again.
66) 4) dialog: Oh god, all these years.  All this waiting.  And somehow I always knew you'd come back. Delia thinks back.
66) 5) dialog: When I saw you that night -- the night you escaped, you were standing against the flames and you looked straight at me. The mask almost nods.
66) 6) dialog: I knew then that one day you'd come looking for me, that you'd find me. Her voice drops to an almost confessional whisper.
66) 7) dialog: What -- what happened at Larkhill.  What we did -- What I did.  That terrible knowledge, it's been with me so long.  That I could do things like that. Delia rubs the salty tears from her eyes.
66) 8) dialog: For years, I blamed it on the government, on the authority I could never stand up to.  But living so long with the knowledge of what I did has made me understand otherwise.  I alone was accountable. V watches her.
66) 9) dialog: There is something wrong with us.  With all of mankind.  With me.  Something evil that made me enjoy what I did.  Some hideous flaw. Her voice almost trails off.
66) 10) dialog: We deserve to be culled.  We deserve it.
71) 0) text: V hovers ghostly at Delia's bedside.
71) 1) dialog: It's funny, I was given one of your roses today.  I wasn't sure you were the terrorist until I saw it. She manages a smile.
71) 2) dialog: What a strange coincidence.  That I should be given it today.
71) 5) dialog: Then you are going to kill me now? V produces an empty syringe.
71) 7) dialog: Is there any pain? V sits on the bed.
71) 9) dialog: Thank you. She stares at the mask.
71) 10) dialog: Can I -- Can I see your face again? V slowly pulls off his hat and lifts his mask.  Delia sta into his face.
71) 11) dialog: It's beautiful... The rose falls from her hands.
76) 0) text: From the corner of the room, Finch sits, watching as the M.E.'s wheel out Delia's body. Dominic squeezes past the gurney and crosses toward Finch
76) 3) dialog: May 23rd...
77) 1) dialog: Prothero has hand picked my subjects.  Four dozen of them, none of which will be any use to me if I don't get to work soon. She finishes an injection, Prothero encouraging the next subject.  We recognize her as the woman Prothero pointed
77) 2) dialog: They're so weak and pathetic I find myself hating them. Delia prepares the next dose, a sour look on her face.
77) 3) dialog: They don't fight or struggle.  Just stare at you with weak eyes.
78) 1) dialog: June 9th: Of the original four dozen, over 75% are now deceased.  Strangely, no clear patterns have emerged as of yet. Another body thuds onto the pile.
78) 2) dialog: Batch 5 seems to have no common discernible effect on any specific group though the men seem slightly more resilient than the women. When it is full, they move to the next door until the car empty.
78) 3) dialog: I'm hoping the survivors will provide more answers or my time here will have gone to waste. Red heat suddenly glows from the oven vents as the orderl throws a series of switches.
79) 1) dialog: June 18: And only five left now.  Two men and three women.  Which tends to contradict my entry on the 9th. She pauses at room five.
79) 2) dialog: The man in room five is a fascinating case. She looks through the small chicken wire glass window in door.
79) 3) dialog: Physically, there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with him.  No cellular anomalies, nothing. In the back, just on the edge of the room's shadow, sits man in room five, silently staring back.
79) 4) dialog: Batch five, however, seems to have brought on some kind of psychotic breakdown.  He's quite insane. Dr. Surridge can't seem to break her stare.
79) 5) dialog: He has this way of looking through you.  Reverend Lilliman won't go near him.  He claims that it is the devil in room five.  I see him cross himself whenever he passes his door.  Still, there's something about him...
80) 1) dialog: I'm glad Prothero let room five have a go at the gardening project.  He is quite proficient.  Prothero was reluctant to allow an inmate access to the tool and chemical supply at first but now the fat toad is delighted.  The crop has almost doubled. She traces the petals of a rose with her finger.
80) 2) dialog: He also grows roses.  Beautiful roses.
81) 1) dialog: December 24th: I was in the mess.  It was about half past ten when we heard the first explosion. A massive explosion shakes the building to its very core, windows shattering and hooded pendulum lights swinging.
82) 1) dialog: The ones at the front ran straight into the gas.  It was horrible. They drop to the ground, gasping and vomiting. The back door is kicked open, Dr. Surridge following two guards.
82) 2) dialog: A few of us made it out through the rear door.  You could hear men screaming everywhere.  I hate the sound of men screaming. She looks out, men running, collapsing, dying in a yellow green haze that seems everywhere.
82) 3) dialog: In the center of the camp, everything was on fire.  Everyone running in all directions.  We had hardly enough time to get our bearings when the ovens exploded. Another explosion wracks the compound.  The pillar of fla rises into the black sky, dwarfing the men in the camp. Dr. Surridge sees a gaping hole in the medical block, its insides turned out like an unholy birth.
82) 4) dialog: It was the man in room rive.  I couldn't have known.  The chemical supplies, grease solvents, ammonia, fertilizer.  He'd been making things with them. Close on a soldier, doubled over, hacking up bile.
82) 5) dialog: Mustard gas... A sticky blue fire licks up from a blackened body like a flame.
82) 6) dialog: And napalm. Dr. Surridge turns as a silhouette crosses the yard, back by a curtain of fire.
82) 7) dialog: And in the yard, I saw him.  He had the flames behind him.  He was naked. The man stops.
82) 8) dialog: He looked at me... Dr. Surridge seems to wilt under his stare but cannot loo away.
82) 9) dialog: As if I were an insect.  Oh god.  As if I were something mounted on a slide. The flames convulse hypnotically behind him.
82) 10) dialog: He looked at me.