45) 1) dialog: Ah, there they go.  My happy and contented flock.  Spiritually refreshed and ready to face the world again. Bishop Anthony Lilliman is a slender man of pious eleganc with a warm, beautiful smile. He turns from the window to his valet, Dennis, as Derek a Rosemary get in their car.
45) 2) dialog: Did you enjoy the sermon today, Dennis?
45) 4) dialog: Hmm, yes.  A trifle purple, I thought.  Still, Fate wanted it included and who are we to question the will of the almighty, miserable sinners that we are? A gentle smile spreads across his mouth.
45) 5) dialog: And speaking of sin, I wonder which of the seven deadlies the good lord will see fit to tempt me with today. Dennis finishes with the Bishop's robes and sweeps the cl door shut.
45) 7) dialog: I was thinking of something a little less ethereal.  Has the young lady arrived?
45) 9) dialog: Oh dear.  Oh dear.  Not too old, I trust?
45) 11) dialog: Fifteen, hmm. The Bishop rubs his cheek, ponderously.
45) 12) dialog: Ah well, if Job could bear his disappointments, I suppose I must have the good grace to bear mine.  Show her in when she arrives.
47) 2) dialog: Oh my! Standing next to Dennis is Evey, wearing a frilly pink su dress, pigtails and bows and white ruffled socks.
47) 3) dialog: And to think I doubted your loveliness for even an instant.  Mea culpa, my child, mea culpa.  You are a vision.  An angel. Evey smiles awkwardly.
49) 1) dialog: Of course, "hate the sin, love the sinner."  I always say.  Take your dress off, please. Evey stammers, backing up along the bedside.
51) 1) dialog: You -- You filthy whore! His blood speckles the white bearskin throw rug as the Bi slowly rises after the retreating Evey.
51) 2) dialog: I'll kill you, you fucking sow. He charges after her but freezes dead in his tracks as V swings around the corner in front of him.
51) 3) dialog: What's this?  Who --
51) 6) dialog: Dennis? Instantly, the point of one of V's knives is against the Bishop's throat.  V presses a finger to his frozen smile.
54) 0) text: Close on a stain of white vomit and blood on the thick pi of a Persian rug.  It is encircled in police chalk. Pull back to reveal the chalk outline where the body of Bishop Lilliman was found.  The circled bloodstain floats above the head like the last word balloon of a crude comi strip character. The Bishop's quarters is slowly being picked over by a forensic team from the Nose.  A photographer's flash burs against a painted "V" on the wall near the body outline. At the window, Finch chews on his pipe, staring at a plas evidence bag that contains a single violet carson rose.