1) 0) text: A young Evey sits on her father's lap, combing her Barbie hair.
3) 0) text: In the midst of a political rally for the emerging new pa calling itself Norsefire, we find little Evey now on her father's shoulders. Dascombe, a young man, paces the podium, inciting the cro
4) 0) text: Little Evey is asleep in her bedroom.
5) 0) text: A nun with a switch in her crossed arms watches as Evey a several other little girls scrub the floor of a dormitory bathroom.
6) 0) text: A gay man is dragged violently from his Piccadilly home.  Outside, he sees his lover being forced to the cobbleston
11) 0) text: We move over a dressing bureau, past a wig and over a pai black leather gloves, moving until we find the mask; it i like something from the masquerade ball of another era. has an exaggerated goatee, harlequin cheeks and a smile, forever fixed, at once be-guiling and be-deviling.
12) 0) text: Evey coats her lips with a lascivious red.  She stares in the mirror, her makeup like a mask over her own face.
13) 0) text: The man, now fully dressed in cloak, hat, and mask gazes the mirror. This is V.
14) 0) text: Close on Evey's high heels, stumbling and awkward as she walks down a dark cobblestoned street.
15) 0) text: Close on V's boots walking in the opposite direction so t it seems they are walking towards each other.
16) 0) text: Evey looks up and sees a man standing mostly in shadow.
16) 21) dialog: "The multiplying villainies of nature do swarm upon him."
16) 23) dialog: "And fortune, on his damned quarrel, smiling, showed like a rebel's whore."
16) 27) dialog: "Disdaining fortune with his brandished steel, which smoked with bloody execution." In the clenched fist of black leather, we see a flash of steel.
16) 30) dialog: Good evening.
16) 32) dialog: Me?  I imagine all manner of names shall be heaped upon my humble visage but, for now, let us simply say I am the villain. He throws wide his cloak and bows deeply to her.
16) 33) dialog: And you would be?
16) 35) dialog: Of course. They hear sirens rushing towards them.  In a blink, he sc her up and dashes into the shadows of a narrow alleyway.
17) 0) text: Police cars and several ambulances swarm over the area wi the dead Fingermen. V watches them from above.
17) 2) dialog: Why indeed? He takes out an old antique pocket watch.  It is almost midnight.
17) 3) dialog: Almost time.
17) 5) dialog: For the music.
17) 7) dialog: Yes, music.  My music.  You see.  Evey, I am a performer.
17) 9) dialog: We all wear masks.  Life creates them and forces us to find the one that fits.  Do you know what day it is?
17) 11) dialog: Not for long. He looks out where, rising above the rooftops, he can see Ben.
17) 12) dialog: "Remember, remember, the fifth of November, the gunpowder treason and plot.  I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot." The second hand sweeps into the final minute.
17) 13) dialog: Tell me, Evey, what good is an actor that plays his part to an empty theatre?
17) 15) dialog: Nor do I.  That's why you are here.  I need you, Evey.  I need someone to listen.
17) 17) dialog: Yes.  Yes, to my music. From his sleeve, he pulls a conductor's wand.
17) 18) dialog: Can you hear it?  It's already begun. He begins to lightly tap the wand in the air and, very faintly, we hear it.
17) 20) dialog: At first, you have to listen very carefully... He continues to conduct and we begin to hear the music, violins and horns that seem almost like a whisper or a wi that steadily swells.
17) 21) dialog: Ahh, yes.  There it is.  Beautiful, is it not? He turns to the parapet, his gestures growing grander as music rises and we recognize Tchaikovsky's 1812 overture. The music mounts a climax and V points the wand at Big Be cymbals crash -- Big Ben explodes with such force the world seems to shake while -- V, smiling, always smiling, points again with another crescendo and -- The statue of justice is blown to smithereens. V nods in appreciation while mustering the music towards finale as fireworks begin lighting up the sky.
17) 24) dialog: Thank you. From every direction, the city screams with the panicked sound of sirens.
18) 0) text: A massive modern building that is the seat of the new government. A long, black car pulls up to the entrance.  Adam Susan g out, wearing a long black trenchcoat over his pajamas.  H the Leader and he looks older, heavier, and meaner. He hurries past the heavily armed guards, barely acknowledging the snap and cock of their Nazi-like salute
19) 0) text: The Leader enters his main chambers and we see the Fate computer system. It is a cerebral cortex for a vast intelligence network.  Information can almost be felt coursing through its hard drives. The Leader sits, at once regaining a measure of composure He takes a deep calming breath and accesses the system. Dozens of monitors fill with images from all across the c most of them are of the damage caused by V.
20) 0) text: Evey is wearing a blindfold and V leads her by her fingertips, guiding her almost as if they were dancing... His fingers slip free of her and she reaches out.
20) 2) dialog: No, you haven't. He is behind her and he removes the blindfold, revealing house to her.
20) 5) dialog: I saved it.  Like everything here. She punches a button and Billie Holiday begins to sing.
20) 7) dialog: Of course not.  You grew up in their world.  Art is created by individuals and there are no individuals in a world where you are told what to think.
20) 9) dialog: You're welcome to stay. She stops suddenly and looks at him.  The offer is terrib exciting but it is so unlike anything she has ever done t it's almost impossible to imagine.
20) 11) dialog: Yes.  If you like.
20) 13) dialog: I don't have a name.  But you can call me V.
22) 0) text: Lewis Prothero leans forward and lets his voice pour like syrup over the microphone.
23) 0) text: V is alone, listening to the first morning broadcast.
28) 0) text: For a flashing instant, we see V in silhouette, cloak swirling around him like dark wings as he jumps from the bridge onto the train.
31) 0) text: The conductor hears something on the roof.  He peers up j as V swings down, smashing feet first into the cab.
32) 13) dialog: I've come to offer you a choice.  Commander Prothero.
32) 15) dialog: Commander Prothero. Prothero's heart begins to pound.
32) 16) dialog: That was your title at Larkhill.  You remember Larkhill, don't you, Commander?
33) 1) dialog: Where they sent the undesirables. A caged truck packed with minorities rolls into the gates which are topped with spools of razor wire.
34) 2) dialog: Maybe I can help your memory.  Let's see.  Larkhill opened in the summer of 2009.  You were appointed it commander.  You wore a uniform in those days.  You looked very good in it.
35) 1) dialog: You were a man of many responsibilities.  You made sure Larkhill made all its quotas, especially the oven quotas even though they required an excessive amount of maintenance.
36) 0) text: We see a detail of black and Indian men, shoveling mounds black ash from a series of furnace like ovens. As the shovels lift, we see blackened bones and burnt sku
37) 1) dialog: But there was one task you took to with exceptional relish.  Remember the medical block, Commander?  I believe you called it the funny farm.  You were the one that selected the prisoners.  You hand picked each one. Prothero steps in front of a woman who remains beautiful despite the suffering she has endured.  Prothero smiles.
38) 3) dialog: You gave us a choice, remember, Commander?  You said we could cooperate with the doctors or... V cocks the gun.
38) 4) dialog: Hold out your hand. Trembling, Prothero sticks out his hand.  V lets the ligh die for a moment. When he flicks it back on, Prothero is holding a long, me syringe filled with a murky liquid.
38) 6) dialog: Of course you were.  Now I'm telling you to make a choice.  Either you stick that syringe into your neck or -- He presses the gun barrel to Prothero's forehead.
38) 7) dialog: I can kill you right now. Prothero begins to blubber.
38) 8) dialog: Crying doesn't help, Commander.  I remember there was a woman who had been screaming for two days.  You winked at the doctor and laughed, "All in the name of science."
38) 10) dialog: It's a difficult choice, isn't it?  Certain death versus something that might be... worse.  But you never know.  There is still a chance.  You could survive.  Look at me.  Now, time's up, Commander.  Choose. Anger galvanizes his fear and steadily Prothero lifts the needle towards his neck.
38) 12) dialog: Yes.  I'm quite sure you will.
41) 0) text: Finch puffs on his pipe, staring at something spray paint on the wall of the train car: a "V" with a circle around
43) 0) text: Evey, alone in the Shadow Gallery, stares up at the inscription above the crooked staircase.
43) 2) dialog: I hear your summons, my lady.  And obey. She jumps, V suddenly appearing behind her.
43) 5) dialog: A Latin quotation.  A motto.  "Vi veri veniversum vivus vici."  "By the power of truth, I, while living, have conquered the universe." She nods.
43) 7) dialog: Does that bother you?
43) 9) dialog: No deals, Evey.  Not unless you want them. She looks up at the inscription as an old blues song begi to play.
43) 12) dialog: Yes.  I think we can make a deal if you like.  I think I know a way you could help me very soon indeed. Evey smiles nervously.
43) 15) dialog: Nobody you'd have heard of.  A German gentleman named Dr. John Faust. He spins her.
43) 16) dialog: He made a deal too.
44) 0) text: The church doors have opened with the flow of parishioner the final mass of the day has ended. The tide slowly pours out onto the sidewalk, separating around the clumps of people that conglomerate to network gossip. Church bells toll in the orange dusk above them. Helen Heyer, a woman whose spite and guile are hidden beh her looks and clothes she drapes them with, charges into gossipers, her trophy husband in tow, a timid looking man that we recognize as Conrad Heyer.
45) 0) text: From above, a hand sweeps aside the red plush curtain.
46) 0) text: A pair of headlights melt through the heavy night's fog a taxicab pulls into the circle drive.
47) 0) text: Dennis peers into the Bishop's living quarters.
48) 0) text: A shadow begins moving across the manicured grounds borne the thick mist like a dark phantom.  V glides toward the rectory, cloak undulating against the dark, wet wind.
49) 0) text: It is extravagantly furnished, somewhere between posh and pimp.  The Bishop is sitting very close to Evey on his pl water bed.
50) 0) text: The guards look out into the night, fear suddenly grippin their faces. V emerges demonically through the parting veils of fog, t white smiling mask bobbing eerily up and down as he rushe them. A cigarette drops from the first guard's mouth, red ember exploding when it hits the wet cement. Close as the two guards claw for their arms and the white flash of V's knives -- That slice like talons. The two men crumple to the ground, clutching their gaping gurgling wounds.  A whisper.  V sprints into the courtyar
51) 0) text: Evey grabs a metal table lamp and swings it down on the Bishop's head.  There is a shuddering clank and he collap to the floor.
51) 4) dialog: Please allow me to introduce myself... V bows.
51) 5) dialog: I'm a man of wealth and taste.
51) 7) dialog: Shh.  It isn't polite to disturb the dead on their journey. Evey watches from around the corner.
51) 8) dialog: A courtesy I'll most respectfully extend to his grace.
51) 10) dialog: Lilliman swallows audibly.
51) 12) dialog: Vi veri veniversum vivus vici, Evey. Evey looks down at the knives on his belt, dripping blood
51) 15) dialog: Death has followed his grace the whole of his career.  Is it any coincidence it has finally followed him here?
51) 17) dialog: Let us pray.
52) 0) text: Evey sprints past the dead guards at the man gate and int the fog.
53) 0) text: A cramped control room that looks like something between radio and television switching room, though it does not broadcast.  It receives. Two operators sit at the main substation as the sounds of lovemaking come over the speakers.  The moans are stifled low, however, as if they were afraid someone was listenin
54) 0) text: Close on a stain of white vomit and blood on the thick pi of a Persian rug.  It is encircled in police chalk. Pull back to reveal the chalk outline where the body of Bishop Lilliman was found.  The circled bloodstain floats above the head like the last word balloon of a crude comi strip character. The Bishop's quarters is slowly being picked over by a forensic team from the Nose.  A photographer's flash burs against a painted "V" on the wall near the body outline. At the window, Finch chews on his pipe, staring at a plas evidence bag that contains a single violet carson rose.
55) 0) text: Grunting like an animal, Derek's face is frozen, locked i the rigor of a violent orgasm.  After a moment, he collap beside Helen onto the sweat soaked sheets.
56) 0) text: Finch sits at his desk, staring into the silence of his notepad.  He has doodled a little "V" with a circle aroun it. He looks up as Dominic enters, holding up a portable cass player.
57) 0) text: Close on the heavy stitching of a "Y" incision sewn into chest of a corpse.  It is one of the Bishop's guards.
58) 0) text: V relaxes with a book in an overstuffed reading chair, a violet carson rose resting on a table next to him.  He be to read a passage aloud.
58) 1) dialog: "There is more behind and inside of V than any of us had suspected.  Not who, but what: what is she?" He places the book down.  Thomas Pynchon's "V". V rises, lifting the rose and moving into the darkness of Shadow Gallery.
59) 0) text: A small figure moves down the dark wet street, the cobblestones glistening like black scales. The huddled figure arcs across the street in the shadows, avoiding the pools of streetlight.  It is Evey, a frighte look on her face.
61) 0) text: Derek Almond sits hunched under a desk lamp, pumping the cylinders of his revolver with a wire brush. Rosemary shuffles up to him, her frumpy gown gathered aro her.
62) 0) text: Dr. Surridge sits somberly in the dark, street light filtering in from the open curtains. Her eyes fixed on the violet carson as she slowly turns i over in her hands, fingers tracing the soft petals. After a moment, she stands, letting it fall from her lap.
64) 0) text: The covers pulled protectively up around her, Delia rests a light, uneasy sleep. Suddenly, an eye pops open as she awakens, catching a familiar scent.  She slowly sits up and inhales.
64) 3) dialog: Yes. Tears begin to streak her face.
65) 0) text: Dominic hangs over Finch's shoulder as Larkhill's employm record comes up. Finch's mouth falls open.
66) 0) text: V floats on the edge of the room's shadows, a dark angel.
66) 1) dialog: Are you afraid?
67) 0) text: Light sweeps across Rosemary from the opening bedroom doo she sobs softly in bed.  Derek enters, holding a bottle o whiskey and his clean gun. She sits up as Derek looms over her.
69) 0) text: Evey wanders into the bar amidst the lustful screams and calls for the line of high stepping, semi-clothed girls o stage. She stares out into the crowd, not sure why she is here w a man approaches her: Creedy.  His sloppy smile indicates has had a few drinks.
71) 0) text: V hovers ghostly at Delia's bedside.
71) 3) dialog: There are no coincidences, Delia.  Only the illusion of coincidence. He reaches into his cloak.
71) 4) dialog: I have another rose.  This one is for you. He hands it to her.
71) 6) dialog: I killed you ten minutes ago.  While you slept.
71) 8) dialog: No.  No pain.
72) 0) text: V quietly shuts the door as if not to wake her and turns as -- Derek Almond reaches the top of the stairs.
72) 8) dialog: Yes, look.  Look and tell me what you see. He rips V's mask off as V thrusts the knife in deeper. Derek's eyes widen in horror as his life pours out the kn wound.
75) 0) text: Evey rushes around a corner to see a crime scene bathed i siren light.  She pushes up to the police barricade as th M.E.'s load a draped body into their van.
78) 0) text: Two inmate orderlies are hefting sacked cadavers from a c into an incinerator.
79) 0) text: Dr. Surridge moves down the drab aseptic hallway accompan by an armed guard.  Roman numerals on the doors to each c ascend to five.
80) 0) text: Dr. Surridge slowly moves through the Larkhill garden, an incredible abundance of fruits, vegetables and violet car roses.
81) 0) text: Dr. Surridge and several other Larkhill appointees relax after dinner.
84) 0) text: Evey stirs as voices drift in from the hall outside her d
85) 0) text: The hood is lifted from her head.  Evey squints hard, awa in a blinding, burning light. A man sits, unmoving, at a desk across from her, a guard his side, both backlit by a harsh white kliegs. Evey's eyes start to water as she blinks.
86) 0) text: Evey cries as a rough hand runs a pair of electric clippe over her head.  Huge sheaves of her hair fall to the grou
87) 0) text: Evey lies crumpled on the hard floor, unmoving, as a tray food is slid through a slot at the bottom of the door. She watches as a rat crosses from a hole in the wall, sniffing the murky rendered gelatin in the wooden bowl.
88) 0) text: Evey hangs limply from a set of manacles as she is washed deloused by heavy hands. She coughs in the yellow bug powder cloud as it burns her eyes and the red welts on her back.
89) 0) text: Evey is curled up on the cot like a dry fetus, now gaunt wrapped around her legs.  She blinks when she hears somet moving in the rat hole. Evey raises her head as something is pushed through the crevice. Tentative fingers search the hole, pulling out a length o toilet paper.  Over every inch of it is a delicately scra message. We move into the rathole, its edges slowly filling the fr until black.
91) 0) text: A teacher reads from her lesson plan in front of rows and rows of uniformed pubescences in this all girl private school.  Her voice drones on and on like Muzak.
92) 0) text: A man's voice.
95) 0) text: Evey struggles against Rossiter's weight who keeps her he submerged.
98) 0) text: Ruth and Valerie sit on the couch watching television.  O the table behind them is a bouquet of violet carson roses
100) 0) text: Rossiter presses his elbow onto Evey's neck, holding her submerged.
101) 0) text: Loud lights blare against Evey's solemn face.
102) 0) text: The door opens behind Evey as she rereads Valerie's lette for the last time.
103) 0) text: The door creaks open as Evey enters the room where for so long she was questioned and tortured. She crosses to the frozen Interrogator sitting at his des Her finger brushes lightly against the plastic hand, then Evey raps a knuckle on his hollow wooden head.  Around hi neck a small speaker hangs from a cord. Evey drifts uneasily into a back room where a discarded prison guard's uniform hangs on a rack.  On a table next wig and pair of gloves, the rat looks up at her through t bars of its tiny cage. She moves through another door, the wind suddenly knocked from her chest as she finally sees where her prison was built --
104) 0) text: V steps from the shadows.
104) 1) dialog: Welcome home, Evey.
104) 8) dialog: Because I love you, Evey.  Because I wanted to set you free.
104) 14) dialog: You were already in a prison.  You've been in a prison all your life.
104) 16) dialog: Happiness is the most insidious prison of all, Evey.
104) 18) dialog: You were born in a prison, Evey.  I didn't put you there.  I just showed you the bars.  You've been in a prison so long, you no longer believe there's an outside world. She wheels away from him, covering her ears, trying to ge away from his voice.
104) 20) dialog: That's because you're afraid, Evey.  You're afraid because you can feel freedom closing in on you.  You're afraid because freedom is terrifying. Evey falls, stumbling through the labyrinth of the Shadow Gallery.
104) 22) dialog: Don't back away from it, Evey.  Part of you understands the truth even as part pretends not to. She collapses, head pounding.
104) 23) dialog: Woman, this is the most important moment in your life.  Don't run from it.
104) 25) dialog: Good.  You're almost there.  Go closer.  Feel the shape of it.
104) 27) dialog: You were in a cell.  They offered you a choice between the death of your principles and the death of your body. He cradles her as she hyperventilates, tears streaming do her face.
104) 29) dialog: You said you'd rather die.  You faced the fear of your own death and you were calm.  Try to feel now what you felt then.
104) 33) dialog: The door of the cage is open, Evey.  All that you feel is the wind from outside.  Don't be afraid. Gently, he lifts her.
104) 34) dialog: Try to walk.  The lift will take us to the roof.
104) 37) dialog: No, Evey.  No more blindfolds. The cage in the elevator rattles shut.
105) 0) text: The two figures stand in the door of the roof access, a raging tempest oozing from a split sky. Something draws Evey out into the storm. Slowly, she walks beneath it, the wind and rain pounding against her thin frame.  Evey lets the coarse slipover fa to the ground and stares straight up into the storm, nake the elements soaking into her very being. V moves up behind her.
105) 1) dialog: Do you feel it?
105) 3) dialog: I know.  Five years ago, I too stared beneath a night like this.  Naked under a roaring sky. A low rumble of thunder washes over London.
105) 4) dialog: The night is yours, Evey.  Seize it.  Encircle it within your arms. His words buffet against her with the sheets of rain.
105) 5) dialog: Bury it in your heart up to the hilt. She raises her arms to embrace the raging torrent.
105) 6) dialog: Become transfixed and transfigured -- 
105) 8) dialog: Forever.
107) 0) text: A dark November sky hangs like a shroud over the building
112) 0) text: V is playing the exact same concerto on his piano, his gl fingers gracefully flitting across the keys. Evey enters the gallery.  Her hair has grown out but is s short.  She projects a kind of strength that comes from a deep inner peace. V coaxes the final delicate notes and lets them softly fa
112) 4) dialog: You did it all yourself, Evey.  I just provided the backdrop but the drama was all your own.
112) 8) dialog: But I didn't write that letter, Evey.
112) 10) dialog: Come with me.
113) 0) text: It is a shrine.  The walls are covered with movie posters reviews and pictures of an actresses named Valerie Page. recognize her as the woman chosen for the medical block j before V. Everywhere there are flower boxes filled with blooming ro violet carsons.
113) 2) dialog: Yes.  Valerie Page.  She was the woman in room four.
113) 4) dialog: She wrote the letter just before she died.  I delivered it to you as it was delivered to me.  The words you wept over were the same words that transformed me. Evey smiles and bends to smell the roses.
113) 6) dialog: Yes.
113) 8) dialog: Evey, do you know what day it is?
113) 10) dialog: You remembered.
113) 12) dialog: You know me too well now.
113) 14) dialog: I'm going to fulfill an old promise. Evey cocks an eyebrow.
113) 15) dialog: I'll show you.
114) 0) text: Carrying a lantern, V leads Evey down a dark stone stairc
114) 2) dialog: Yes.  It is the deepest part of my home.  Once you know it, I should think you'll know everything. He pushes a button and a secret passage opens in a heavy stone wall. There is a small narrow series of passageways that he gui her through, leading to another door.  Evey steps out int underground subway station.
115) 2) dialog: In a way, I suppose it really found me. Evey steps into the train car and finds it filled with li packages wrapped in wax paper.
115) 4) dialog: Gelignite. She screams and almost drops one.
115) 5) dialog: Careful.
115) 7) dialog: I told you.  I'm going to finish what was started four hundred years ago.
115) 9) dialog: This is the old Victoria line but it is blocked, blocked somewhere between Whitehall and St. James.
115) 12) dialog: I just thought I might ask them to turn it on for me.
117) 0) text: The television studio where Roger Dascombe surveys a larg bank of monitors filled with the images of typically vapi television entertainment.
118) 0) text: In the delivery bay at the back of Jordan tower, five security guards are riveted to the heroic actions of Stor Saxon.
120) 0) text: V emerges from an elevator and immediately attacks severa more guards.  A surveillance camera watches as V steps ov their slumped, broken bodies.
121) 0) text: The security guard sees V on the monitor coming directly the hall.
122) 0) text: The door bursts open as Creedy and a group of heavily arm Fingermen muscle in.
123) 0) text: V follows Roger Dascombe into the main control booth.  Th door shuts behind them and they are alone. All around them are the laugh tracks and gunshots of the evening's entertainment. V puts his hand into his cloak and pulls out a videotape. hands it to Dascombe.
124) 4) dialog: Good evening, London.
124) 6) dialog: I thought it was time we had a little talk.
125) 0) text: V smiles at the horrified Adam Susan.
125) 1) dialog: Are you sitting comfortably?  Good.  Then I'll begin. The Leader screams, pounding on Fate.
125) 4) dialog: Right now, I imagine there are hundreds of soldiers rushing here to kill me because someone does not want us to talk. We pull back in --
126) 0) text: A family watching television.  In the background, two children are squabbling.
126) 2) dialog: They are afraid that I am going to say the things that are not supposed to be said.  They are afraid that I am going to say the truth.
127) 0) text: A man sits on his couch, mesmerized by V.
127) 1) dialog: The truth is that there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there?  If you look about, you witness cruelty, injustice and despotism.  But what do you do about it?  What can you do? He pops his beer tab and the beer foams over the couch bu doesn't seem to notice.
128) 1) dialog: You are but a single individual.  How can you possible make any difference?  Individuals have no power in this modern world.  That is what you've been taught because that is what they need you to believe.  But it is not true.
129) 0) text: The Leader seethes, staring at three television monitors his limo which are all filled with V.
129) 1) dialog: This is why they are afraid and the reason that I am here; to remind you that it is individuals who always hold the power.  The real power.  Individuals like me.  And individuals like you.
130) 0) text: The bar is almost completely soundless except for the voi of V.  People stare at the television as if the moment we somehow suspended in time.
130) 1) dialog: I have come to offer you a deal.  If you accept, I will give you a different world.  A world without curfews, without soldiers and surveillance systems.  A world that is not run by other men but that is run by you.  I am offering you a second chance.
131) 0) text: The military forces have begun to swarm.
131) 1) dialog: Four hundred years ago, a great citizen made a most significant contribution to our common culture.  It was a contribution forged in secrecy and stealth although it is best remembered in noise and bright light.
132) 1) dialog: To commemorate that glorious night at precisely the stroke of midnight, the edifice of their world will erupt with enough sound and fury to shake the earth.  All I ask is that you join me at the gates to watch as the past is erased, the pathway cleared so that together we can start toward a new day.
134) 1) dialog: But, you ask, who am I to make such promises?  A fair question but hardly necessary as you know me already.  To know me any more you need only look to a mirror. Finch catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror.
135) 0) text: VTV fills every screen.
135) 1) dialog: Truth be told, this wasn't even my idea, was it?  If you think back, you'll remember that night, whispering in your lover's arms.  I became a part of your plan just as you have now become part of mine.  Give me the line of the queen and I'll give you your secret dream.
136) 0) text: A heavy battering ram is rushed down the hall, carried by four soldiers.
136) 1) dialog: On the twelfth stroke of the fifth day of the eleventh month, I hope we shall all meet again.
137) 1) dialog: Until then, I bid you goodnight. Every screen suddenly goes black.  The crowd turns to eac other, unsure of what to do.
138) 0) text: The door explodes open.  V is standing alone, almost as i waiting for them. Before he can even move, they shoot.  Machine gun fire li up the room.  V's body dances and jerks backward, smashin through an observation window -- Falling to the television stage below.
139) 0) text: A path is cleared for the Leader.  As he heads into the television studio, an armed soldier is heading in the opposite direction. It is impossible to tell because of the dark face plate b it looks like the soldier is smiling. The Leader shoves his way onto the main stage.  A group o soldiers is gathered around the body.
140) 0) text: One of the Ear's black vans has been modified with large speakers wired to the roof.  As the van rolls down the street, the speakers drone with a looped message.
141) 0) text: A recording of VTV plays on the small television.
141) 1) dialog: ... if you give me the line of the queen, I'll give you your secret dream. Dominic freezes the image; V stares at them, smiling.
141) 15) dialog: ... This wasn't even my idea, was it?
141) 17) dialog: If you think back, you'll --
142) 0) text: V continues on a different television.
142) 1) dialog: Remember that night, whispering in your lover's arms. Helen Heyer is lying on her bed, eating chocolates, watch V through calculating eyes. At her feet, we hear a suckling noise that suddenly stops
142) 4) dialog: ... now you've become a part of mine.
142) 7) dialog: Give me the line of the Queen and I'll give you your secret dream. She freezes the tape.  Her eyes light up and she smiles b at him.
146) 0) text: A drunk struggles up onto his bar stool blocking the TV.
148) 0) text: The megaphones blast the Leader's voice.
149) 0) text: There are stacks of printout everywhere.
150) 0) text: Another radio crackles with the Leader's voice.
150) 4) dialog: Of course, my dear. He reaches over and changes the frequency.  We hear voice hushed and secret but we recognize them.
150) 8) dialog: That, Evey, is what I have been waiting for.
151) 0) text: Where we see a tiny microphone hidden in the ceiling ligh above the bed. Helen moans as we drift down, glimpsing Helen, her arms reaching for the edges of the bed, her back arching up towards Creedy, behind her, smiling.
152) 0) text: The sun rises over London.  It is the morning of the four
154) 0) text: Conrad pulls his car into his reserved space.
158) 0) text: In his car, Finch races to a corner and slams on the brak He gets out, staring at a shadow on the ground: a "V" in circle. The shadow is cast by a sign for Victoria Station, part o the abandoned subway. The gates are chained shut.  He fires his pistol into the lock, kicks open the rusting gates, and descends into the underground.
160) 0) text: Conrad is alone with Fate.  He glances about nervously, moving closer and closer.  His fingers reach out and graz the main keyboard.  Taking a deep breath, he turns and be to type.
163) 0) text: A hanging light suddenly sizzles to life.  V looks up, smiling.
166) 0) text: Helen and Conrad get out of the elevator, standing beneat the rows of new party flags that line the lobby.
169) 0) text: Finch crawls up onto the platform of V's hidden station, staring at the beautiful old train car.
170) 0) text: Strangling the steering wheel, Conrad listens to the tape The speedometer climbs as everything seems to accelerate.
171) 0) text: Finch steps inside the car, his flashlight sweeping over stacks of gelignite.
173) 0) text: Finch hears something and jerks back, almost falling out the car.  Aiming his gun, he finds no one.  He turns and bolts. As the sound of his footsteps fade, V steps out of the shadows.
176) 0) text: Creedy opens the trunk of his car.  In the phosphorescent glow of the streetlight, the set of knives gleam.  He bun the costume that he tried to planet on Finch into his arm then slams the trunk. Above, a window blind that was cracked open snaps shut.
177) 0) text: The Leader moves towards Finch.
179) 0) text: The Leader is steadily convincing himself of something.
180) 0) text: Evey sits in the gallery, reading Pynchon's "V" just as V done.  She suddenly feels V watching her.
180) 2) dialog: 
180) 3) dialog: Yes. Evey smiles as V steps out of the shadows.
180) 5) dialog: Change, Evey.  That's all.  Just change.
180) 7) dialog: Yes, I suppose it will.
182) 0) text: V stands at the jukebox.
182) 2) dialog: Because, Evey, that is the nature of change.  She is a temperamental creature that appears in earnest rarely but, when she does, she will wear one of two faces.  The first face is the destroyer.  It is lamentable but all true change begins with death.
183) 0) text: A dark figure stands over Creedy.  The hammer raises, a s of silver against the velvety darkness.
184) 0) text: V punches a button on the jukebox just as --
186) 0) text: The song begins to play; a melancholy song that says good to love.
187) 0) text: Blood pours down Creedy's snarling face, he snatches one V's knives as another hammer blow cracks through his coll bone. He screams, lunging at Conrad.
188) 0) text: V listens to the song, the smiling eyes somehow knowing.
189) 0) text: The hammer falls again and again until the metal head is slick with blood and meat. Conrad stumbles back, dropping the hammer.  He looks down the hilt of the knife protruding from his stomach.  He ya it out and holds V's knife which is bright red with his o blood. He collapses to the floor.
190) 2) dialog: The other face?  She is the true face of change.  The face of the creator.  She is the one that remakes the world.  Evey?
190) 4) dialog: May I ask you for a favor?
190) 6) dialog: It is a small thing but it would mean a great deal to me.
190) 8) dialog: I've never danced before.  I've thought about it many times, here in this room, listening to the music.  But I've always been alone. Evey smiles and crosses to him.
191) 0) text: Dozens of military vehicles swarm around the entrance to Victoria Station while heavily armed men pour through the gates of the underground.
192) 1) dialog: Thank you, Evey.  You are an excellent dancer.
192) 3) dialog: Alas, I have run out of time. He bows, pressing his frozen lips to her hand.  Evey is suddenly nervous.
192) 5) dialog: Don't you remember?  I have a date tonight, Evey.
192) 8) dialog: Of course, I'll be back.  You don't think you can be rid of me now, do you?
192) 10) dialog: I promise. She lets him go.
194) 0) text: Five soldiers creep forward in a tight formation, their flashlights probing every nook and cranny. Behind them, a secret passage opens and V steps out. He is among them with frightful speed, a grinning dervish with blades like metal fangs ripping and rending flesh, slashing bright in the flashlight. Other soldiers rush towards the screams and gunfire but t find only five bodies and warm blood running down the wal
195) 4) dialog: Good evening citizens of London.  This is the voice of Fate.  Your fate...
195) 6) dialog: Tonight, the face of London is going to change and I am going to offer you the chance to change with her.  Your Leader is finished.  He will not leave these tunnels alive. The Leader screams to be heard over the resonant voice of
195) 8) dialog: At midnight tonight, the Head will be destroyed and a new era will begin.  You must now decide if you are going to be a part of that era. Everywhere, terrified soldiers listen to the voice.
195) 9) dialog: You can choose to stay here and die with your Leader or you can choose to be free.  The decision is yours and yours alone.
195) 11) dialog: Some of you have wives.  Some of you have families.  All of you have lives.  Consider each of them as you ask yourself, are they a part of the past, or are they a part of the future?
195) 21) dialog: You are going to die as you ruled -- The Leader screams, whipping around towards the voice.
195) 22) dialog: Alone. The smile is as cold and as sharp as the knife that flick from his hand. The Leader raises his gun just when the knife sinks into shoulder. Howling in pain, he drops the gun.
195) 26) dialog: You, most of all, should know, Leader.  You created me.  Without you, I would never be.  More than life, Leader, you gave me purpose. V draws his final blade.
195) 27) dialog: "He that killeth with the sword, shall be killed with the sword." V raises the knife.
195) 42) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Finch. The machine gun burst shatters the quiet concrete silence Finch falls dead at V's feet.
195) 45) dialog: The real question is, are you? The Leader laughs.
195) 47) dialog: No.  But I don't have to. Almost casually, V bends down to pick up the knife -- The Leader screams and fires. Bullets knock V back a bit but he continues, grabbing the knife and standing. Eyes widening with disbelief, the Leader fires another bl as V begins walking towards him. The machine gun roars, bullets shredding out through the of V's cloak as he continues with short deliberate steps until -- The hammer clicks against the pin.  The gun is empty. V stands before him.
195) 48) dialog: You see?  You cannot kill me.  There is no flesh and blood within this cloak to kill.  There is only an idea. V smiles.
195) 49) dialog: And ideas are bulletproof. The Leader screams. V drives the knife into his heart, killing him instantly. V stands alone amidst the carnage and seeping pools of re His body wavers.  He takes his hands out from beneath his cloak and reveals his gloves, wet with blood.
198) 0) text: Evey hears V on the spiral staircase.
198) 2) dialog: Scarlet footprints trail behind V as he struggles down th stairs.
198) 5) dialog: Running to him, she falls to his side.  His clothes are s with blood.
198) 7) dialog: Evey...
198) 9) dialog: It's too late for that...
198) 11) dialog: Evey, listen to me.  I've not long and there are things that must be said. His voice strains beneath the mask.
198) 12) dialog: I have done that which I came to do.  Now, it is time for me to rest and with me the past will, at last, find peace. Trembling, Evey holds him.
198) 13) dialog: But the world, the world is not saved... Do not think that, when the fires die and the smoke clears, there is no miracle... there is only a path... upon which they must learn to rule themselves.
198) 15) dialog: Not me, Evey, not me.  I told you I am the villain.  The destroyer... But yes, they will need help... He reaches up and wipes a tear from her cheek.
198) 16) dialog: I kept my promise to you, Evey... Now you must promise me.
198) 18) dialog: Promise me... you will discover the face under this mask... but you will never look beneath it.
198) 20) dialog: Promise me.  Please...
198) 22) dialog: Sweet Eve.  Wherever I shall go, I shall always love you.
198) 24) dialog: Midnight... Midnight.  Eve... Make them remember...
198) 26) dialog: Let me be there, Evey, when it begins... Please, let me hear the music, one last time... my music...
198) 28) dialog: I know you won't... I know...
198) 30) dialog: 
198) 31) dialog: My love... Ave Atque vale... Holding him as tight as she can, she feels his life drain away, slipping through her arms in the way the last grain sand pour through the neck of the hourglass. She buries her face beside his and weeps.
199) 0) text: An enormous crowd has begun to gather in the streets surrounding the New Government Building.  With the crowd, restlessness swells against each barricade erected by the military. A sergeant stands on an armored car, speaking through a megaphone.
200) 0) text: Evey huddles against the stair railing, her face tear stained, staring at the lifeless body of V.
200) 4) dialog: You will discover the face under this mask but you will never look beneath it.
200) 9) dialog: I know you won't... I know. A small smile creeps across her face.
201) 0) text: Midnight approaches and the crowd feels it.  Spilling everywhere, they fill the streets like a flood.
202) 0) text: Evey sets a final violet carson on the chest of V.  He is lying on a bed made of gelignite, covered in roses. Touching his mask, she bends over him.
202) 5) dialog: "Make them remember..." She watches the train disappear into the tunnel.
203) 0) text: The crowd surges against a barricade when a voice cries o across the city echoing through the megaphone on every corner.
205) 0) text: Dressed as V, Evey stands on the roof's edge, speaking in microphone.
207) 0) text: Inside the rattling train, V lays in perfect repose.
207) 1) dialog: Let me be there, Evey, when it begins...
208) 0) text: Hidden and alone, Evey pulls the mask from her face.
208) 1) dialog: Please let me hear the music... one last time... my music. Almost unconsciously, Evey raises her hand and coaxes the first soft notes as he had once done.
208) 2) dialog: At first, you have to listen carefully. The violins of the 1812 overture steadily rise.
208) 3) dialog: Ah, yes.  There it is.  Beautiful, is it not? Evey smiles, her hand still gently conducting.
212) 0) text: Evey watches the explosion, a star-burst of flaming debri searing against the night sky like fireworks.