91) 1) dialog: I was born in a rainy burg in Nottingham in 1975.  I passed my eleven plus and went to girl's grammar. A blonde tomboy sneaks a smile to her curly haired friend next to her.
91) 2) dialog: I met my first girlfriend at school.  Her name was Sara.  Her wrists.  Her wrists were beautiful. Her hand slides across the desk, fingers tickling the you flesh of Sara's wrist. The teacher's voice slows, dropping octaves, becoming --
92) 1) dialog: I sat in biology class staring at the pickled rabbit fetus while Mr. Herd said it was an adolescent phase that people outgrew. Valerie looks at Sara across the room, her head down in shame.
92) 2) dialog: Sara did.  I didn't.
93) 1) dialog: In 1994, I stopped pretending and took a girl called Christine home to meet my parents. The greying woman repeats the sign of the cross over and over, sobbing into a handkerchief.  Her husband's face is contorted in disgust.
93) 2) dialog: A week later I moved to London to go to college and study drama.  My mother said I broke her heart.
94) 1) dialog: But it was my integrity that was important.  Is that so selfish?  It sells for so little but it's all we have left in this place... The black haired girl nibbles on the blonde's ear.
94) 2) dialog: It is the very last inch of us...
95) 1) dialog: But within that inch we are free.
95) 9) dialog: London.  I was happy in London.
96) 1) dialog: I played Dandini in Cinderella. The woman glances into the dark sea of faces.
96) 2) dialog: The world was strange and rustling with invisible crowds behind the hot lights and all that breathless glamour.
97) 1) dialog: Work improved.  I got small film roles, then bigger ones. The blonde woman brushes away a tear from the other's che
97) 2) dialog: In 2006, I starred in "The Salt Flats."  That's where I met Ruth.  We fell in love. We pull back and see we are on location for a movie and t two women are being filmed.
98) 0) text: Ruth and Valerie sit on the couch watching television.  O the table behind them is a bouquet of violet carson roses
98) 1) dialog: Every Valentine's Day she sent me roses and, oh god, we had so much.  Those were the best three years of my life. The two women stare at the newscast in tears, the sound o marching coming from the set's speakers.
98) 2) dialog: In 2010, they came.
99) 1) dialog: And after that there were no more roses...
100) 1) dialog: Not for anybody. Rossiter lets Evey up.  Her red burnt lungs gulp at the a
100) 2) dialog: After the takeover, they started rounding up the gays.  They took Ruth while she was out looking for food. Evey blinks hard, black fireworks exploding in her eyes.
100) 3) dialog: Why are they so frightened of us? She wheezes, on the edge of unconsciousness.
100) 4) dialog: They burned her face with cigarettes and made her give them my name.  She signed a statement saying I'd seduced her. The interrogator's voice melts into a slag heap of sound the hot, rhythmic pounding in her ears.
100) 5) dialog: I didn't blame her.  God, I loved her but I didn't blame her. Rossiter uncuffs Evey, slipping the black bag over her he
100) 6) dialog: But she did. Evey's knees buckle as he forces her to stand.
100) 7) dialog: She killed herself in her cell.  She couldn't live with betraying me, with giving up that last inch.  Oh, Ruth. Evey weaves down the hall.  Rossiter shoving her from beh
100) 8) dialog: They came for me.  They shaved off my hair.  They held my head down a toilet and told lesbian jokes.  They brought me here and pumped me full of chemicals. The cell door swings open.
100) 9) dialog: I can't feel my tongue.  I can't speak. Rossiter yanks the hood from her head and pushes her in.
100) 10) dialog: It is strange that my life should end in such a terrible place but for three years I had roses and apologized to nobody. The iron door slams shut, lock ringing in the stale air.
100) 11) dialog: I shall die here.  Every inch of me shall perish... Evey rolls to her knees.
100) 12) dialog: Except one. She crawls for the rat hole.
100) 13) dialog: An inch.  It is small and fragile and it's the only thing in the world that's worth having. Her shaking hand pulls the letter from the stone crevice.
100) 14) dialog: We must never lose it or sell it or give it away.  We must never let them take it from us. Evey clutches it like a rosary as she begins to cry.
100) 15) dialog: I don't know who you are but I hope you escape this place.  I hope that the world turns and things get better and that one day people have roses again. She holds the note to her face, her tears soaking into th fragile paper.
100) 16) dialog: I don't know who you are but I love you.  I love you.  Valerie. Slowly, Evey slips away, succumbing to blackness.
102) 0) text: The door opens behind Evey as she rereads Valerie's lette for the last time.
113) 0) text: It is a shrine.  The walls are covered with movie posters reviews and pictures of an actresses named Valerie Page. recognize her as the woman chosen for the medical block j before V. Everywhere there are flower boxes filled with blooming ro violet carsons.