12) 2) text: That's me. With no further ado, the driver opens the back door for him, the Exec climbs in, the driver hustles around to his side and in an instant, the car leaves the chaos behind. Parker raises an eyebrow.    Hm. The second driver (BENNIE) with a head like a cinder block and no neck, is talking on his cell phone and holding up a sign, "SCARPELLI." Parker shoots a finger into the air. This barely gets his attention but he nods, nonchalantly. Parker signals again -- one minute -- then turns back inside.
14) 4) dialog: Morning, miss.
15) 0) text: Parker tries to play cool -- Drew's rigid -- angry and afraid. Bennie checks his invoice.
15) 4) dialog: So you're headed to the Teamster's Hall on Second Street?
15) 8) dialog: Bennie.
15) 10) dialog: It's pre-paid.     No skin off my nose.
15) 26) dialog: Yeah? (beat)
15) 28) text: What'a you talkin' about? Bennie glances into the REARVIEW MIRROR, smiling at the girls...
15) 29) dialog: I already got 'em. ... but his smile TURNS DOWN AT THE CORNERS as he listens. The girls exchange doubtful looks. It gets worse.
15) 30) dialog: They're right here in the car. (to girls)
15) 31) text: 'Scuse me. Bennie RAISES THE PRIVACY GLASS but doesn't realize he's left the intercom button on so they can still hear his half of the conversation. The girls are PETRIFIED.
15) 39) dialog: (to phone)
15) 41) dialog: You're the boss. (beat)
15) 44) dialog: I'll take 'em to the wharf, what difference does it make? Drew yanks out her inhaler and sucks on it.
15) 48) dialog: Hey?!   Where you goin'?!
16) 2) text: He has no respect for traffic laws! They run into the first ALLEY and hunker down by a GARBAGE CAN. The Lincoln flies past. They dash back out, the same way they came. SCREECH!   Bennie LOCKS UP the WHEELS! They round the same corner going the opposite way and Parker pulls them into the first door...
64) 6) text: I'm smart AND rich! Williamson and Hogan have fought their way out through the little Japanese Girls. Realizing they won't reach Parker and Drew in time, they head for their own unmarked cruiser which is parked just ahead of... Bennie's TOWN CAR. He's holding the door for a cigar- chewing CLIENT but watching the Girls climb into the cab up ahead.
66) 2) text: Fine. But we're gonna have to stop for lunch pretty soon, 'cause I'm getting heartburn. They pull into traffic, following the Cab. In a BEAT, Bennie's Town Car follows, too.
86) 31) dialog: You goin' somewhere? She's paralyzed with fear.
86) 41) dialog: What's the big idea? You two a couple a nutbags or somethin'? She opens one eye.
86) 46) dialog: I meant, why you runnin' when I'm trying to give you your bag back? Bennie hands Parker Drew's daybag.      Parker takes it, still trying to comprehend.
86) 51) dialog: I found your mom's number in the book. She said you needed it pretty badly for that big interview. Listen, I gotta go. It's my mother-in-law's birthday and I gotta plant some stupid rose bush and then take her out to dinner at the Pier. See ya around. Bennie waddles over to his Town Car and climbs in.