1) 6) dialog: I’m falling down a dark hole, then I see strange creatures...
1) 10) dialog: Well, there’s a dodo bird, a rabbit in a waistcoat, a smiling cat...
1) 12) dialog: Neither did I. Oh, and there’s a blue caterpillar.
1) 14) dialog: Do you think I’ve gone round the bend? He feels her forehead as if for a fever.
3) 0) text: ALICE KINGSLEY is on the verge of womanhood, beautiful, b slightly off-kilter. She sees the world with different ey than other people her age. Presently, she’s tired and gru as her mother fusses with her wild mane of blonde hair.
3) 1) dialog: Must we go? I doubt they’1ll notice if we never arrive. (CONTINUED)
3) 5) dialog: I’m against them.
3) 7) dialog: Who’s to say what is proper? What if it was agreed that “proper” was wearing a codfish on your head? Would you wear it?
3) 9) dialog: To me a corset is like a codfish.
3) 11) dialog: Father would have laughed. She sees the hurt on her mother’s face and instantly regr her words. ALICE (CONT’D) I’m sorry. I’m tired. I didn’t sleep well last night. Her mother pats her hand in a forgiving gesture.
3) 15) dialog: Only one. It’s always the same ever since I can remember. Do you think that’s normal? Don’t most people have different dreams? Alice’s mother removes her own jewelry and puts it on her
4) 0) text: The garden party is in full swing. Everyone has turned ou in their summer finery. Guests play croquet on the great lawn. Skiffs drift lazily on a meandering river. Alice approaches LORD and LADY ASCOT with a fixed unnatur smile. Lord Ascot is a stately, aristocratic man. Lady Ascot is red-faced with annoyance.
5) 0) text: Alice does a line dance with HAMISH who takes after his mother, refined and immaculate with aristocratic arroganc
5) 1) dialog: Hamish, do you ever tire of the Quadrille?
5) 4) dialog: No. I had a sudden vision of all the ladies in top hats and the men wearing bonnets. He doesn’t even crack a smile. (CONTINUED)
5) 9) dialog: I was wondering what it would be like to fly.
5) 11) dialog: Why wouldn’t I? My father said he sometimes believed in six impossible things before breakfast. She laughs at the memory. Hamish looks pained. He sees hi mother nearby. She waves him on impatiently.
5) 14) dialog: If you’re telling me, then it’s not much of a secret.
5) 22) dialog: Not if you tell me. But now you've brought it up, you have to.
5) 25) dialog: I wonder if your mother knows that you two swim naked in the Havershim’s pond.
5) 27) dialog: Oh, but I would. There’s your mother now. Alice starts to walk toward her. Fiona blurts out.
5) 30) dialog: Does everyone know?
5) 34) dialog: But I don’t know if I want to marry him.
5) 38) dialog: No.
6) 2) dialog: The decline of the aristocracy? (CONTINUED)
6) 6) dialog: You could always paint the roses red. Lady Ascot looks at her strangely.
6) 9) dialog: Did you see that?
6) 11) dialog: It was a rabbit, I think.
6) 13) dialog: Did you see it that time? (CONTINUED)
6) 18) dialog: The rabbit!
6) 20) dialog: Hamish has a blockage. I couldn’t be more interested, but you’ll have to excuse me. Alice dives into the wooded area off the path and stands a moment, mind reeling. A hand lands on her shoulder. She jumps.
6) 21) dialog: Aunt Imogene! I think I’m going mad. I keep seeing a rabbit in a waistcoat.
6) 23) dialog: Brocade, I think. What does it matter? It’s a rabbit in a waistcoat!
6) 25) dialog: You have a fiance? The White Rabbit darts by. ALICE (CONT’D) There! Did you see it?
6) 27) dialog: Very. (CONTINUED)
6) 30) dialog: Lowell?
6) 32) dialog: I can see you’re very close. Lowell is bright red and highly flustered.
6) 34) dialog: I don’t know. I’m confused. I need time to think.
6) 36) dialog: Me? I’m not the one... Suddenly Hamish is there, annoyed.
7) 0) text: He pulls her under the gazebo. The shadows of the pillars fall on her like prison bars. She glances at a string quartet discreetly positioned in the shadows... bows pois Hamish drops to his knee. Alice notices an artist immortalizing the moment.
7) 2) dialog: Hamish. (CONTINUED)
7) 6) dialog: You have a caterpillar on your shoulder. He frantically brushes at his shoulder. ALICE (CONT’D) Don’t hurt it. Alice lets the CATERPILLAR crawl onto her finger, then pl it gently onto a tree branch.
7) 9) dialog: I...IT....e well, everyone expects me to...and you’re a Lord...and my face won’t last...and I don’t want to end up like...but this is happening so quickly...I think...I...I... She sees the WHITE RABBIT leaning against a pillar, glari at her with undisguised impatience. ALICE (CONT’D) ...need a moment. She turns and runs.
8) 1) dialog: Wait! She loses sight of him. She peeks over the hedgerow. No rabbit. Stumped, she looks around. (CONTINUED)
9) 1) dialog: Ah! Wind knocked out, she gasps for air, then she sits up, rubbing the bump on her forehead. She’s in a round hall w many doors. She gets up and tries a door. It’s locked. Sh tries another one and another. She knocks. ALICE (CONT’D) Hello? Hello! Anyone there? No answer. She moves around the hall. Every door locked. She sees a three-legged glass table with a small key sitt on top. She picks up the key and tries it in a door. It’s too small for the lock. She tries it in a few doors, too small. She comes upon a curtain and pulls it aside to reveal a little door about feet high. She tries the key in the door. It fits. She opens the little door and bends down to look through to the other s
9) 7) dialog: We hear VOICES as they watch Alice through a keyhole.
10) 0) text: Alice attempts to climb the table leg, but gets tangled i her too-big clothes and slides off. She notices a little under the table. She looks around for the unseen person.
10) 1) dialog: If this is some sort of prank, I am not amused! She opens the box. It’s a cake with “EAT ME” written out ornate icing. She considers, looks up at the key high abo on the table. (CONTINUED)
10) 4) dialog: 
11) 0) text: She laughs at herself and goes back to the table. She pic up the little bottle and takes another swallow, shivers a the taste, then shrinks again to two feet high. Dragging too-big clothes, she runs to the door, puts the key in th lock, opens it and steps through. EXT. A GARDEN IN UNDERLAND — DAY 17 She enters a fantastical world. Underland is bizarre, illogical, often dangerous, absurd, and strangely beautif The garden is brown and tangled, its statues broken and overgrown. The mossy fountain is silent. Alice hears a bellow/sneezing sound as a GREEN PIG dashes past. The TAL FLOWERS have gaunt, haunted HUMAN FACES. SHABBY, THIN BIR walk on stalk legs. DRAGONFLIES, HORSEFLIES and ENORMOUS GNATS do fierce battle in the sky above.
11) 1) dialog: Curiouser and curiouser.
11) 13) dialog: How can I be the “wrong Alice" when it's my dream? And who are you, if I May ask. Dee shakes her hand, speaking very fast.
11) 24) dialog: Are they always this way?
11) 27) dialog: Who is this Absolem?
12) 4) dialog: Absolem?
12) 6) dialog: Alice.
12) 8) dialog: What do you mean by that? I ought to know who I am!
12) 11) dialog: It’s a calendar.
13) 3) dialog: Sorry? Slay the...what?
14) 0) text: Alice backs away.
14) 1) dialog: That’s not me.
14) 15) dialog: I’m sorry. I don’t mean to be the wrong Alice. Wait, this is my dream. I’m going to wake up now and you'll all disappear. She closes her eyes and pinches herself. She opens them again. The animals are still there. ALICE (CONT’D) That’s curious. She pinches herself again. The animals just look at her. ALICE (CONT’D) Pinching usually does the trick. The Dormouse pulls a long sharp hat pin from her scabbard (CONTINUED)
14) 19) dialog: It might actually. Thank you.
15) 0) text: Alice runs. The Bandersnatch thunders after her. She stop
15) 1) dialog: Wait. It’s only a dream. Nothing can hurt me. She turns around to face it. The Dormouse watches from be a tree.
17) 0) text: Alice runs down the path, but it diverges in two directio A road sign points south to “SNUD” and east to “QUEAST”.
20) 0) text: Still running, Alice stops to look at the gashes on her a
20) 2) dialog: And I'm still dreaming!
20) 4) dialog: Banner or Bander...
20) 6) dialog: What are you doing? (CONTINUED)
20) 10) dialog: I‘1ll be fine as soon as I wake up.
20) 13) dialog: Alice.
20) 15) dialog: I’m not going into that again!
20) 17) dialog: What way? All I want to do is wake up from this dream!
21) 8) dialog: Time can be funny in dreams.
21) 15) dialog: Sorry?
21) 32) dialog: Futter...?
21) 37) dialog: Oh no... They force the liquid down her. She shrinks to six inches high. They shove her into the teapot and cram her now ove large clothes in behind her. The Hatter closes the lid.
24) 8) dialog: Can she help me wake up?
24) 11) dialog: The hat?
25) 0) text: Alice hangs on tight as the Hatter walks at a jaunty pace
25) 2) dialog: Sorry? What was that?
25) 5) dialog: I’m not slaying anything. I don’t slay. So put it out of your mind.
25) 7) dialog: Wait. You can’t leave me here! (CONTINUED)
25) 13) dialog: I couldn't if I wanted to.
25) 15) dialog: My muchness? He pokes her in the stomach with his finger.
25) 17) dialog: Tell me what Red Queen has done.
25) 19) dialog: Tell me anyway. He picks her up, plunks her back on his shoulder and push through the foliage which becomes blackened and twisted.
28) 0) text: Alice is deeply moved. She looks up at the scorched Hat h still wears, then to his tormented face. He twitches, dri to the edge of madness by guilt, helpless rage and deep l
28) 1) dialog: Hatter? Hatter! He jerks and pulls himself back from the abyss.
28) 3) dialog: Are you?
28) 5) dialog: (nervously) Voices? He looks back at the dark woods. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: The Hatter dodges trees and leaps over stumps. He sees th edge of the woods ahead. But there’s a flash of RED throu the trees. He turns. A Red Knight steps out. He turns the other way, another Red Knight. They’re surrounded. Eyeing them warily, he whispers to Alice.
30) 0) text: The Hat lands in the soft grass. Alice looks back at the forest, and then south toward gently rolling hills. It’s getting dark and there are strange night sounds out there She slips under the relative safety of the hat for the ni
31) 0) text: Alice wakens to the SOUND OF SOMETHING LARGE SNIFFING out the hat. She sits up. Suddenly, the Hat is flipped over, exposing her. She closes eyes for the end. A BIG WET NOSE sniffs her. She opens her eyes. It’s the Bloodhound, BAYA
31) 1) dialog: You turncoat! You were supposed to lead them away! The Hatter trusted you! (CONTINUED)
31) 5) dialog: What’s your name?
31) 7) dialog: Sit! He cocks his head and looks down at her curiously.
31) 8) dialog: sit! He sits, amused if nothing else. Something occurs to him.
31) 10) dialog: Yes, but I’m not that one.
31) 12) dialog: Where did they take him?
31) 14) dialog: We're going to rescue him.
31) 16) dialog: I don’t care. He wouldn’t be there if it weren’t for me. (CONTINUED)
31) 20) dialog: I have had quite enough! Since the moment I fell down that rabbit hole, I’ve been told what I must do and who I must be. I’ve been shrunk, stretched, scratched and stuffed into a teapot. I’ve been accused of being Alice and of not being Alice. But this is my dream! I’11 decide how it goes from here.
31) 22) dialog: I make the path! She’s so commanding, he lies down at her feet. She climbs his long ear and sits on his shoulders. ALICE (CONT’D) Take me to Salazen Grum. And don’t forget the Hat. The Bloodhound picks up the Hat in his teeth and runs. Al hangs onto his spike collar to keep her seat.
32) 0) text: Bayard wades through viscous red mud with Alice on his ba He holds his head high to keep the Hat out of the mud.
35) 3) dialog: Lost my muchness have I?
36) 1) dialog: Bayard! The Hat! He picks the Hat up in his teeth, turns in circles like a discus thrower and releases it. The Hat sails high across the moat and over the wall. Bayard BAYS his farewell. EXT. THE QUEEN’S GARDEN - THE BUSHES - DAY - CONT. 47 Alice finds herself in the bushes at the edge of a garden She hears a loud WHACK, a small cry of pain, then cheers laughter. She looks through the bushes.
37) 0) text: The Queen and her Courtiers play croquet. The Red Queen w her huge head is surrounded by three powdered and painted COURTIERS with equally out-sized body parts: a woman with EXTRA-LARGE NOSE, another with LONG HANGING EARS, a man w a HUGE PROTRUDING BELLY. The Queen swings her mallet. There’s that small cry again Alice looks around for the source. The ball rolls toward and lays, furry and gasping, in the grass. It’s a HEDGEHO tied by its four legs into an awkward ball. Its fur is matted and filthy, its face buried in the grass. THWACK! cries out as it’s hit again. The mallet is a miserable FLAMINGO tied by its feet. The hedgehog rolls to a stop n Alice. She attempts to untie it. It cries out fearfully.
37) 1) dialog: Shhh. I want to help you. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: He looks down at tiny Alice.
38) 2) dialog: I’ve come for two reasons. She beckons him closer. He bends down. She punches him. ALICE (CONT’D) That's for dragging me down here against my will!
38) 4) dialog: No.
38) 6) dialog: I’m going to rescue the Hatter.
38) 8) dialog: Do you have any of that cake that made me grow before?
39) 0) text: Alice looks down at the Red Queen and her courtiers. The tall bushes hide all but her head and shoulders. Everyone stares.
39) 4) dialog: From Umbradge.
39) 6) dialog: I outgrew them. I tower over everyone in Umbradge. They laugh at me. So I’ve come to you, hoping you might understand what it’s like.
39) 40) dialog: From Umbradge.
39) 62) dialog: Hatter! He jerks back to the moment.
40) 0) text: He’s right behind Alice, breathing down her neck. She tri to move past him, but he grabs her arm with the wound. Sh cries out as he pushes her against the wall. KNAVE OF HEARTS (CONT’D) I like you, Um. I like them large. He leans in for a kiss just as Lady Long Ears passes. She smiles and goes off.
40) 1) dialog: Get away from me! She kicks him and runs. He glares after her.
41) 8) dialog: Ah. The HEDGEHOG watches Alice pick up the Hat. She wipes the mud off and straightens it out with loving care. INT. RED QUEEN’S BED CHAMBER - EVENING 56 The Queen stands at the window.
41) 19) dialog: They’re wonderful! You must let me try one on. He puts a hat on her. She poses like a grand lady. She pu one on him. He poses like a grand lady too. They laugh.
41) 21) dialog: It’s just a pity you had to make them for her. (CONTINUED)
41) 25) dialog: Stop! Stop! She takes his face in her hands, forcing him to look at h
41) 26) dialog: Hatter! Looking into his eyes, she can see the fear in them.
41) 28) dialog: I’m afraid so. You’re entirely bonkers. But I’1ll tell you a secret...all the best people are. He straightens his shoulders with pride. His clothes puff
41) 29) dialog: Oh, look! Here’s another one. She picks up his hat from behind a box. It’s his very own Hightopp Hatter’s hat. His eyes fill with emotion to see She puts it on his head. ALICE (CONT’D) That’s better. You look yourself again. He’s too overwhelmed to speak. He takes it off and holds to his heart with gratitude.
41) 36) dialog: We'll go to the White Queen together. He takes her hand. There’s a moment between them that mig have been something more if it weren’t for her large size
41) 38) dialog: Tweedles!
41) 41) dialog: Where’s...?
41) 44) dialog: Where’s the...?
41) 49) dialog: Where’s the Rabbit?
41) 52) dialog: What are you doing here?
41) 54) dialog: I'm rescuing the Hatter. But you can help. He told me that the Vorpal Sword is hidden in the castle. That means someone must have seen it... a footfrog, a chamber mouse, a pigstool, someone! Ask them all! Go! The Tweedles go off. The Dormouse and White Rabbit remain
41) 56) dialog: Shoo! Humiliated but outsized, the Dormouse stalks off. The Whi Rabbit is still there.
41) 57) dialog: What is it, McTwisp?
41) 61) dialog: Why didn’t you say so?
41) 63) dialog: I won’t hit you!
42) 2) dialog: I know that smell. She looks inside the stable.
42) 4) dialog: I’m not going in there! Look what that thing did to my arm. She shows him the wound. It’s larger, very swollen. He ga
42) 6) dialog: It wasn’t this bad before. He twitches, breathing fast, flapping his paws and faints Alice looks back at the door, considering. INT. QUEEN’S CASTLE - UPSTAIRS HALL - NIGHT 61 Alice sees Mallymkun studying a decorative sword on the w (CONTINUED)
42) 9) dialog: Mallymkun! Do you still have the Bandersnatch eye?
42) 11) dialog: I need it. Alice tries to take it. The Dormouse swats her hand away.
42) 13) dialog: I need that eye, Mally. Mallymkun draws her hatpin sword, brandishing it dangerou
44) 0) text: Mallymkun stands on a bureau with Alice up against the wa Alice ducks as the sword swishes over her head. Alice see her moment and slices the thin rope at Mally’s waist whic holds the eye. It drops into her hand.
44) 1) dialog: Hal She runs with it. Mallymkun doesn’t give chase.
46) 0) text: Alice approaches the Bandersnatch. He growls.
46) 1) dialog: I have your eye. She holds it up. Seeing his lost eye, the Bandersnatch whines. Alice slowly lifts the bar to open the stall door and eases inside.
47) 0) text: She holds the eye up. He growls. She puts it on the groun near him. He sniffs it, whines, and pulls it closer with paws. While he’s distracted, Alice goes to the back of the stal She sees a chest covered by a tarp. She removes the tarp reveal an ornate metal chest secured with a large lock. Disheartened and feverish, Alice slumps to the ground. (CONTINUED)
48) 0) text: Alice wakes up. The Bandersnatch looms over her. He's managed to shove the eye back into its socket. It stares upwards uselessly. (CONTINUED)
48) 3) dialog: I suppose you think this makes us even now. Alice fits the key into the lock on the chest and opens i She lifts the Vorpal Sword. It’s made of shining silver w an ornate handle. She holds it up to the light. There are runes engraved on the blade. She carries it out of the stall, glancing back at the Bandersnatch before going out INT. RED QUEEN’S GREAT HALL - DAY 70 The Knave is on his knees before the Queen, talking fast.
48) 6) dialog: Stand back, Mallymkun. The Dormouse and the Hatter look up to see Alice victorio holding the Vorpal Sword high over her head.
48) 7) dialog: How’s this for “muchness”? She brings the sword toward the chain. (CONTINUED)
48) 14) dialog: I’m not leaving without you!
48) 24) dialog: Stay back! He distracts her as two Knights come up behind.
48) 26) dialog: Downal wyth Bluddy Behg Hid!
49) 0) text: Alice and the Bandersnatch approach the open drawbridge. Knights abandon their post. They pound across.
50) 0) text: Bayard waits on nearby hill. He sees the Bandersnatch wit Alice on its back. He runs out to meet them.
50) 2) dialog: Bayard! To Marmoreal! EXT. WHITE QUEEN’S CASTLE - DAY 75 Bayard leads Alice and the Bandersnatch toward the White Queen’s Castle. The drawbridge lowers for them.
51) 6) dialog: Blame it on too much Upelkuchen.
51) 8) dialog: Is the March Hare around?
51) 10) dialog: Could use salt. A salt shaker comes flying at her. She catches it and “sa the wall. She tastes it again and kisses her fingers in a gesture of perfection. The White Queen prepares Pishalver in a pot on the stove, taking ingredients from a cupboard filled with an admixtu of herbs, spices, flour, sugar, insects, shriveled finger eyeballs, and other odious things.
51) 14) dialog: Perfectly horrid.
51) 16) dialog: Bulbous, bloated, like a blimp.
51) 18) dialog: You can’t imagine the things that go on in that place.
51) 22) dialog: Much. Thank you. (CONTINUED)
51) 44) dialog: Absolem? (CONTINUED)
51) 48) dialog: I thought we’d settled this. I’m Alice...but not that one.
51) 50) dialog: You said so yourself.
51) 52) dialog: Even so, I couldn’t slay the Jabberwocky if my life depended on it.
51) 55) dialog: You seem so real. Sometimes, I forget that this is all a dream. He blows smoke at her again.
51) 56) dialog: Stop doing that! He chuckles and his whole body jiggles like green jelly. keeps chuckling as he obliterates himself from view. 82 INT. THE RED QUEEN’S DUNGEON - NIGHT 82 The Hatter cleans his hat and tries to get his “sad” clot to perk up. The Cheshire Cat appears outside the bars. (CONTINUED)
51) 93) dialog: Why don’t you slay the Jabberwocky yourself? You must have the power.
51) 97) dialog: Bayard. Have a look. He looks through.
51) 100) dialog: I’m so happy to see you! I thought they were going to...
51) 104) dialog: Hatter. He jerks and comes back to himself.
51) 106) dialog: Where’s your hat? The Hat materializes in the air worn by the Cheshire Cat. ALICE (CONT’D) Chessur?
51) 108) dialog: All healed. The Hatter holds out his hand for the Hat. Chess returns reluctantly.
52) 0) text: The Hatter sits with Alice on top of a high tower.
52) 2) dialog: A riddle! This will be fun. Let me think about it.
52) 6) dialog: The Frabjous day. How could I forget? Oh, I wish I’d wake up!
52) 8) dialog: Well, it can’t possibly be real. This has all come from my own mind.
52) 10) dialog: No, I’m sorry to say. You're just a figment of my imagination. I would dream up someone who’s half-mad.
52) 12) dialog: I must be then. They lean against each other, secure in the comfort of th own mutual madness.
52) 13) dialog: I give up. Why is a raven like a writing desk?
52) 15) dialog: (amused) I‘1l miss you when I wake up. 92 INT. THE WHITE QUEEN’S COURTYARD - DAWN - THE FRABJOUS The White Rabbit blows his trumpet.
53) 0) text: Alice falls onto a garden bench and weeps.
53) 2) dialog: Absolem?
53) 4) dialog: Why are you upside down? (CONTINUED)
53) 8) dialog: You're going to die?
53) 10) dialog: Don’t go. I need your help. I don’t know what to do!
53) 12) dialog: I’m not stupid! My name is Alice. I live in London. I have a mother named Helen and a sister named Margaret. My father was Charles Kingsley. He had a vision that stretched half-way around the world and nothing ever stopped him. He would have liked it here. (with revelation) I'm his daughter. I’m Alice Kingsley.
53) 14) dialog: Wonderland. INT./EXT. ALICE’S DREAM 94 Her dream comes flooding back. She's Young Alice in Wonderland; Young Alice in the Room of Doors; Young Alice with the Cheshire Cat; Young Alice at the Mad Tea party; Young Alice with the Red Queen and Playing Cards painting roses red, Young Alice with the Caterpillar. 95 96 97 98 10/28/08 Blue Revised Pages 72.
54) 0) text: ALICE (CONT’D) It wasn’t a dream at all. It was a memory! This place is real! And so are you. And so is the Hatter. Her heart leaps at that last thought.
55) 0) text: The Red Queen rides a black steed, Ilosovic Stayne at her side. Behind them, the Red Queen’s Army marches steadily across the red desert. The JubJub flies ahead. A monstrou winged shadow soars above. EXT. THE WHITE QUEEN’S CASTLE - CONT. 97 Everyone has gathered just outside the castle walls. They wait nervously for Alice to make her decision. The Bandersnatch lopes out, a White Knight astride him, h blonde hair hangs down the back of the shining armour. Sh holds the Vorpal sword high. A rousing cheer rises up. Bu the cheer fades as they feel a shadow pass overhead.
55) 2) dialog: To the Tulgey Wood!
56) 13) dialog: But this is impossible.
56) 17) dialog: “Sometimes I believe as many as six impossible things before breakfast”.
56) 20) dialog: Here.
56) 21) dialog: She looks up at the huge terrifying creature. The Jabberwocky roars. Alice whispers to herself, her voice trembling.
56) 22) dialog: Six impossible things. Count them, Alice. One! There’s a potion that can make you shrink. Two! And a cake that can make you grow. She draws the Vorpal Sword. The Jabberwocky lowers its hu head and hisses.
56) 24) dialog: We have never met.
56) 28) dialog: That’s enough chatter. The Jabberwocky whips its pronged tail and knocks her to ground. She lays for a moment, catching her breath and continuing her six impossible things. ALICE (CONT’D) Three. Animals can talk. The Jabberwocky drives its spike tail down to stab her. S barely rolls out of its way in time. ALICE (CONT’D) (faltering) Four. Four, Alice! She pulls herself to her feet. ALICE (CONT’D) Cats can disappear.
56) 30) dialog: Five. There is a place called Wonderland. It swipes at her with long curved claws. She deflects the
56) 31) dialog: Six. She stands still for a moment, then slowly lifts her head All fear is gone. There is nothing but fierce intention a bloodlust in her eye. ALICE (CONT’D) And I can slay the Jabberwocky! She swings the Sword and attacks with fury. The Jabberwoc is surprised by her fierceness. They do battle.
57) 0) text: Stayne runs toward him, sword drawn. The Hatter fights ba and the well-ordered duel erupts into a full-scale battle with Alice and the Jabberwocky in the eye of the storm. During the battle... .--Bayard and Mallymkun take on the JubJub bird... ...-Chess disappears and reappears to confuse the Red Knights... ...the Bandersnatch does battle with four Red Knights... ...the Tweedles fight back-to-back with perfect precision timing and not a single argument... ..-March Hare stares upward, paralyzed with fear until he gets slammed by a Red Knight. Then he goes crazy, throwin things like a wild man.
57) 1) dialog: Alice leaps onto the Jabberwocky, pulling herself up his scales. He twists and snaps trying to shake her off. The Vorpal Sword practically pulls itself out of her hand in relentless pursuit of the creature’s head. Alice makes he way to the Jabberwocky’s vest where she clings trying to slash its neck with the sword. The vest buttons strain with Alice’s weight. They snap...one...two...three...only one left holding the vest by a thread. Alice can barely hold onto the slashing Swor Just as the last button gives way, she propels herself in the air.
57) 2) dialog: 
58) 14) dialog: What is he doing?
58) 17) dialog: Will this take me home?
58) 22) dialog: What an idea... a crazy, mad wonderful idea. She looks at the strange and wonderful beings she’s met i this strange and wonderful place. But then, thoughts of h mother and sister and unfinished business intrude. ALICE (CONT’D) But I cannot. There are questions I have to answer. And things I still must do. She drinks the potion. ALICE (CONT’D) I'll be back again before you know it.
58) 24) dialog: Of course I will! How could I forget? His face starts to shimmer as he whispers in her ear.
59) 0) text: Grass. Alice finds herself face down in the field, clingi to the edge of the Rabbit hole, legs dangling precariousl
60) 0) text: Alice pulls herself up and looks around, blinking in the bright sun. She shakes her head. All memory of Underland once again. She looks down at her clothes, confused by th ragged, torn, filthy condition. She looks at the rabbit h
60) 1) dialog: -.-must have fallen in.
61) 8) dialog: I fell down a hole and hit my head.
61) 10) dialog: I’m sorry Hamish, I can’t marry you. You're not the right man for me. And there’s that trouble with your digestion. (to her sister) I love you, Margaret. But this is my life. I’11 decide what to do with it. (to Lowell) You're lucky to have my sister for your wife, Lowell. I know you'll be good to her. I'’11 be watching, very closely. He blanches at the veiled threat. She turns to Imogene. ALICE (CONT’D) There is no prince, Aunt Imogene. You need to talk to someone about these delusions. She addresses Lady Ascot. (CONTINUED)
61) 14) dialog: No I haven’t, sir. You and I have business to discuss.
61) 17) dialog: Oh, and one more thing. She lifts her skirt, revealing her bare legs and does a b Futterwacken to the shock of some and delight of others.
62) 0) text: Alice studies a map of the world on the table.
62) 1) dialog: My father told me he planned to expand his trade route to Sumatra and Borneo. But I don’t think he was looking far enough.
62) 5) dialog: Why not go all the way to China? It’s vast, the culture is rich and we have a foothold in Hong Kong. To be the first to trade with China. Can you imagine it? She looks at him. Her eyes shine just like her father’s d
63) 0) text: A crowd has gathered to see the China Trading Company’s s off. Alice stands on the deck, waving to her mother, sist and Lord Ascot. As the ship pulls away, a beautiful Monar butterfly with blue tinged wings lands on her shoulder. S smiles.
63) 1) dialog: Hello, Absolem. The butterfly takes wing, as Alice watches it soar skywar