18) 0) text: The JubJub flies over the barren red earth of Crims with Tweedles in its claws toward Salazen Grum and the castle the Red Queen on the shore of the Crimsen sea. Her flag w the Heart in Flames flies atop the spires. INT. THE RED QUEEN’S GREAT HALL/THRONE ROOM - DAY 27 A long hall is lined with FROG FOOTMEN with A FISH BUTLER The RED QUEEN'S angry scream comes from behind closed doo The doors bang open to reveal IRACEBETH the RED QUEEN. Sh has a huge oversized head, extremely large features, and bright red hair. (CONTINUED)
18) 3) dialog: Someone stole three of my tarts! She leans into the face of a frog.
18) 4) dialog: Did you steal them?
18) 6) dialog: Did you steal my tarts?
18) 8) dialog: Squimberry juice.
18) 10) dialog: 
18) 13) dialog: Go to his house and collect the little ones. I love tadpoles on toast points almost as much as I love caviar. The Fish butler suppresses his revulsion and anger.
18) 17) dialog: Ilosovic Stayne...you knave, where have you been lurking? She holds out her hand. He kisses it, barely. She sighs.
18) 19) dialog: That? It looks so ordinary for an oracle.
18) 21) dialog: I'd know that tangled mess of hair anywhere. Is it Alice?
18) 23) dialog: What is she doing with my darling Jabberwocky?
18) 25) dialog: She killed my Jabberbabywocky!
18) 27) dialog: Find Alice, Stayne. Find her!
18) 29) dialog: No. Bring the whole girl. I want to do it myself. (CONTINUED)
37) 0) text: The Queen and her Courtiers play croquet. The Red Queen w her huge head is surrounded by three powdered and painted COURTIERS with equally out-sized body parts: a woman with EXTRA-LARGE NOSE, another with LONG HANGING EARS, a man w a HUGE PROTRUDING BELLY. The Queen swings her mallet. There’s that small cry again Alice looks around for the source. The ball rolls toward and lays, furry and gasping, in the grass. It’s a HEDGEHO tied by its four legs into an awkward ball. Its fur is matted and filthy, its face buried in the grass. THWACK! cries out as it’s hit again. The mallet is a miserable FLAMINGO tied by its feet. The hedgehog rolls to a stop n Alice. She attempts to untie it. It cries out fearfully.
37) 4) dialog: Where’s my ball? Page! Alice frees the hedgehog. It stares at her mutely before stumbling into the foliage. Alice sees two large white fu feet. Her gaze travels up to the White Rabbit, dressed as court page.
39) 0) text: Alice looks down at the Red Queen and her courtiers. The tall bushes hide all but her head and shoulders. Everyone stares.
39) 1) dialog: And WHAT is this? The White Rabbit comes out, improvising like mad.
39) 3) dialog: Um?
39) 5) dialog: What happened to your garments?
39) 7) dialog: My dear girl. Anyone with a head that large is welcome in my court. The courtiers with their equally out-size body parts laug (CONTINUED)
39) 10) dialog: 
39) 14) dialog: I need a pig here! A small pig hurries over and lays down belly up. She puts her feet on his belly and sighs.
39) 15) dialog: I love a warm pig belly for my aching feet. (to Alice) Sit! sit! Alice sits, trying to keep her weight off the chair held by monkeys. The Queen waves her hand at the three Courtie
39) 16) dialog: Go away. The Courtiers go out with dark jealous looks at Alice.
39) 17) dialog: Where are my Fatboys? You must meet them! Fatboys! The Tweedles come in. They’re bound together by a gold be around their waists. Their faces have been painted and powdered with hearts on their cheeks and red heart lips. Their eyes are lowered, downtrodden. (CONTINUED)
39) 20) dialog: There they are! Aren’t they adorable? And they have the oddest way of speaking. Speak boys. Amuse us. She kicks Tweedledum.
39) 21) dialog: Speak! Dum lifts his eyes and sees Alice. He nudges Dee.
39) 26) dialog: I love my Fatboys. Now get out. They go out. Stayne enters. The Queen blinks her eyes seductively at him. Stayne represses a shudder.
39) 27) dialog: There you are, Stayne. Any luck with the prisoner?
39) 29) dialog: You're too soft. Bring him! The Knights go off. Stayne notices Alice.
39) 33) dialog: Um, my new favorite.
39) 35) dialog: Um.
39) 37) dialog: It’s Um!
39) 39) dialog: Her name is UM, you dolt! The Knave reacts with smoldering anger.
39) 42) dialog: We know Alice has returned to Underland. Do you know where she is? He doesn’t respond. She claps her hands in front of his f Hatter jerks back to the moment, but doesn’t see Alice.
39) 46) dialog: Were looking for an “A” word now. Where is Alice? He thinks hard, has an inspiration, changes his mind, re- considers, mulls, then shrugs.
39) 48) dialog: What if I take off your head, will you know then? She laughs. The Hatter laughs louder and keeps laughing.
39) 49) dialog: Stop that. He laughs louder in her face. She slaps him. He keeps laughing, madly. The Queen makes a “loco” motion to the others. But when the Hatter sees Alice, the mad laughter stops. Surprised at her new size, he gives her a wry smil He turns to the Queen, smarmy and unctuous.
39) 51) dialog: Hat it?
39) 53) dialog: It’s tiny, a pimple of a head.
39) 55) dialog: What could you do? He lifts his bound hands helplessly. (CONTINUED)
39) 58) dialog: Unbind him, Stayne! How can he work if his hands are bound? (CONTINUED)
39) 64) dialog: (to Alice and Stayne) Leave us. The Knave is suspicious of the Hatter. But his interest i Alice draws him away.
41) 9) dialog: You must find Alice, Stayne. Without the Jabberwocky, my sister’s followers will surely rise against me. (bitter) My ugly little sister...why do they adore her and not me? Stayne comes up behind, but does not touch her.
41) 13) dialog: I know. But Mirana can make anyone fall in love with her: men, women, even the furniture. She glances at the captive ANIMALS/FURNITURE.
41) 15) dialog: I had to do it. He would have left me.
41) 17) dialog: I’m not certain anymore. Oh, let her have the rabble! I don’t need them. I have you. She leans her large head back, her eyes big and dewy.
41) 18) dialog: I do have you, don’t I, Stayne? He manages a smile, but gives her no reply. INT. THE RED QUEEN’S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 57 The Hatter hums as he works with ribbons, bows, veils and feathers. Alice enters a room full of huge, colorful hats
41) 30) dialog: Hat Man! Where are my hats? I am not a patient monarch! (CONTINUED)
47) 6) dialog: Never mind him. He’s mad. Lady Long-Ears rushes in and whispers into the Queen’s ea
47) 7) dialog: 
48) 5) dialog: Off with her head! INT. RED QUEEN’S DRESSING ROOM - DAY 71 The Dormouse tries to pick the lock to the chain around Hatter’s ankle with her hatpin.
51) 29) dialog: How could you let this happen?
51) 31) dialog: Off with their heads! INT. THE RED QUEEN’S DUNGEON - NIGHT 79 A FEMALE BLOODHOUND, BIELLE, paces her cell as her pups shiver in the corner. INT. THE RED QUEEN’S DUNGEON/HATTER’S CELL - NIGHT 80 Hatter’s slumped on the floor, staring off into space, Mallymkun’s in a large bird cage hung from the ceiling. Stayne arrives with his Red Knights.
51) 78) dialog: What is that?
51) 84) dialog: Liars! Cheats! Falsifiers! Off with their heads!
51) 87) dialog: Loose the JUBJUB BIRD! There’s a bloodcurdling SCREECH as the JubJub Bird swoops down. He strafes the panicked onlookers indiscriminately. The Queen watches with a vengeful smile.
51) 88) dialog: You're right, Stayne. It is far better to be feared than loved. Prepare the Jabberwocky for battle. We're going to visit my little sister.
55) 0) text: The Red Queen rides a black steed, Ilosovic Stayne at her side. Behind them, the Red Queen’s Army marches steadily across the red desert. The JubJub flies ahead. A monstrou winged shadow soars above. EXT. THE WHITE QUEEN’S CASTLE - CONT. 97 Everyone has gathered just outside the castle walls. They wait nervously for Alice to make her decision. The Bandersnatch lopes out, a White Knight astride him, h blonde hair hangs down the back of the shining armour. Sh holds the Vorpal sword high. A rousing cheer rises up. Bu the cheer fades as they feel a shadow pass overhead.
56) 0) text: The White Queen and her allies meet the Red Queen and her army at the same clearing in the wood.
56) 4) dialog: Mirana. The White Rabbit blows his trumpet.
56) 8) dialog: I know what you’re doing. You think you can blink those pretty little eyes and I’11 melt like Mums and Daddy did.
56) 10) dialog: It’s my crown! I’m the eldest!
56) 19) dialog: Where’s your champion, little sister? Alice steps boldly into the clearing.
56) 35) dialog: The Hatter’s interfering! Off with his head!
57) 6) dialog: Kill her!
58) 2) dialog: How dare you! Off with his head! The other Red Knights toss their weapons down. The crown lifts off the Red Queen’s head. She snatches for it as it floats over to the White Queen where it gently lowers to head. The Cheshire Cat materializes next to her.
58) 6) dialog: At least, we have each other. (CONTINUED)
58) 11) dialog: You tried to kill me! YOU TRIED TO