41) 0) text: Bayard crosses the bluffs and approaches the White Queen’ castle. 54 10/28/08 Blue Revised Pages 46A. INT. THE WHITE QUEEN’S COURTYARD - DAY 54 MIRANA, THE WHITE QUEEN waits for Bayard as he staggers inside. (CONTINUED)
41) 3) dialog: What news, Bayard?
41) 5) dialog: Where is she now?
41) 7) dialog: But that is exactly where she will find the Vorpal Sword. We have our champion! Rest now. You’ve done well. Exhausted, he falls to the ground. EXT. THE RED QUEEN’S CASTLE - THE GARDEN 55 Alice searches in the bushes, passing the HEDGEHOG who’s cleaning the caked dirt off his fur.
51) 0) text: The White Queen’s castle is light and airy in contrast to oppression of her sister’s. She sits on her throne. The W KNIGHT'S suit of armor stands in a prominent position. Al enters carrying the Vorpal Sword.
51) 1) dialog: Welcome to Marmoreal. (CONTINUED)
51) 4) dialog: The Vorpal Sword is home again. The armor is complete. Now all we need is a champion. She looks at Alice significantly. Alice drops her eyes.
51) 5) dialog: You're a little taller than I thought you'd be.
51) 7) dialog: Come with me. INT. THE WHITE QUEEN’S KITCHEN - DAY - LATER 77 As they enter, a pepper mill flies across the room and hi the wall behind them.
51) 11) dialog: Pishalver. Let me think. Two cups grape juice,, a pinch of wormfat... (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
51) 15) dialog: She wasn’t always that way. Well, Maybe she was. And her head?
51) 17) dialog: I think she may have some kind of growth in there...something pressing on her brain. ...three coins from a dead man’s pocket, two tablespoons of Wishful Thinking...
51) 19) dialog: Oh yes, I can. But when a champion steps forth to slay the Jabberwocky, the people will rise against her. (she spits into it) That should do it. She dips a tiny spoon into the pot and offers it to Alice
51) 20) dialog: Blow. Alice blows, takes a sip and shrinks to her normal size.
51) 21) dialog: Feel better?
51) 25) dialog: There’s someone here who would like to speak with you. INT. THE RED QUEEN’S GREAT HALL/THRONE ROOM - DAY 78
51) 90) dialog: I had hoped to have a champion by now. (CONTINUED)
51) 94) dialog: In the healing arts. It is against my vows to bring harm to any living thing. She glances down to see an UGLY bug near her shoe. She shudders and secretly squashes it. Then, she lifts the sp glass and sees something in the distance.
51) 95) dialog: We have company. She gives the spyglass to Alice.
52) 25) dialog: Alice, you cannot live your life to please others. The choice must be yours because when you step out to face that creature, you will step out alone. Overwhelmed, she runs.
55) 0) text: The Red Queen rides a black steed, Ilosovic Stayne at her side. Behind them, the Red Queen’s Army marches steadily across the red desert. The JubJub flies ahead. A monstrou winged shadow soars above. EXT. THE WHITE QUEEN’S CASTLE - CONT. 97 Everyone has gathered just outside the castle walls. They wait nervously for Alice to make her decision. The Bandersnatch lopes out, a White Knight astride him, h blonde hair hangs down the back of the shining armour. Sh holds the Vorpal sword high. A rousing cheer rises up. Bu the cheer fades as they feel a shadow pass overhead.
56) 0) text: The White Queen and her allies meet the Red Queen and her army at the same clearing in the wood.
56) 1) dialog: Hello, Iracebeth. (CONTINUED)
56) 6) dialog: Oh ‘Racie... The Red Queen’s eyes soften to hear her childhood nick-na
56) 7) dialog: We don’t have to fight. The Red Queen’s eyes narrow suspiciously.
56) 9) dialog: Just give me my Crown.
58) 3) dialog: Iracebeth of Crims, your crimes against Underland are worthy of death. But that is against my vows. Therefore, you are banished to the Outlands. No one is to show you any kindness or ever speak a word to you. You will have not a friend in the world. Stayne bows unctuously to the White Queen.
58) 5) dialog: Except this one. TIlosovic Stayne you will join Iracebeth in banishment from this day until the end of Underland. The White Knights grab Stayne and chain him to Iracebeth.
58) 10) dialog: But I do not owe you a kindness. Red and White Knights drag them away.
58) 16) dialog: And blood of the Jabberwocky. You have our everlasting gratitude. And for your efforts on our behalf... The Queen hands the vial to her.
58) 18) dialog: If that is what you choose. Alice lifts the vial. The Hatter puts his hand on hers.