2) 7) text: A typical Broadway musical ensemble audition <= 'a cattle Call.’ In this case it is an audition for a new Broadway show, "NY/LA," to be directed and choreographed by Joe Gideon. There are dancers everywhere, crowding the wings, every available backstage area -- a trying to learn the audition combination, taught by Joe's assistant, Gretchen The dancers are having trouble seeing and finding space to dance, They bump into one another; curse themselves and the people flanking them, and the steps. As DISSCLVES progress and Joe makes his eliminations, the dancing neve
2) 8) text: Stops, the same dance combination being performed as the er of candidates is reduced from the original couple of hundred, Aftar the final DISSOLVE we end with a dozen girl dancers in line and a dozen boy dancers waiting in the background, also in line. ACROSS JOE TO LINE OF GIRL DANCERS. MUSIC CONTINUES. CAMERA tracks down line of twelve girls. Joe pauses to speak to each in turn. He reads from audition cards. Joe Gideon ig a man who has developed a specific image. Dressed in casual black clothes, he is a chain smoker wit a cigarette constantly drooping from the left corner of h mouth, He ig unusually energetic -- seems to dart swiftly from place to place. His emotions change rapidly without transitions. Laughing, joking one moment -- then suddenly angry (usually directed toward himself) but always accomp nied by a hyper-nervous energy.
2) 66) dialog: Oh, fuck him. He never picks me.
2) 67) dialog: Honey, I did fuck him, and he never (shrug) picks me either. RESUME THEATRE. doe leans over to give Michelle a kiss on the cheek. As he does so: MURRAY (contd) You should call our company Manager, Mr, Larry Goldie, at 555-6818...that's 555- 6318 and he will arrange for you to sign your contract. We would appreciate you doing this as soon as possible. coo AUDREY What about this weekend with vou and Michelle? *
22) 0) text: Joe is bent over a bowl in a partitioned toilet retching violently. Finally recovering, he crosses to a sink, applies cold water. to his head and face, then pops a dexedrine. Looking into the mirror over the sink, he parodies his “It's show time" gesture. RESUME LARGE REHEARSAL ROOM. JOE, ‘AUDREY, DANCERS, 52 PRODUCTION STAFF, NIGHT. Henan stm The producers and composer seat thamselv2s in a line of chairs facing away from the mirror. Audrey finds a corner away from the group. Like a fixed "jury," expecting a "Gideon == Showbiz-type Razzle Dazzle == Crowd-pleasing Number,” they have alread decided they are going to like it -=- only the amowit of appreciation is in question. This is the Number we first hearyDann audition for Joe and the Procucers.
22) 5) text: THEN SUDDENLY the Number takes an acute change!:: Dancers begin disrobing, the first being Victoria. Hecht stares a Victoria, is face red with embarrassment.
30) 17) dialog: How about mine? He repeats the action, but this time makes a few adjust- mants of a tassel, a strap or something.
31) 11) text: A room full of people, including Hecht, Christopher and cast members from N¥/LA. Two boy dancers in fuil ballet make-up =~ eye shadow, false eyelashes, etc. <= are doing a_campy pas-de-deux. Much laughter.