52) 0) text: A female VOLUNTEER COUNSELOR in a colorful sweater conducts a support group. On a blackboard behind her it says: "Healing Through Reminiscence.”
52) 1) dialog: Now if we could all look at the second page of the blue handouts, you'll see a section called “Creating Special Moments.” Twenty middle-aged FAMILY CARE-GIVERS, sit on folding chairs flipping through PHOTO-COPIED HANDOUTS.
52) 3) text: COUNSELOR (CONT’D) If you're ever at a loss for what to do on a visiting day with your elder, this list will come in very handy. The DOOR in the back opens to reveal Wendy and Jon.
52) 4) dialog: (to Wendy and Jon) Hello. The entire room turns to look at them. They smile awkwardly. COUNSELOR (CONT’D) Are you here for the support group? (Wendy and Jon vaguely nod) You have a family member with dementia? (they nod again) Well, you're in the right place. Come on in. The audience begins to APPLAUD for them.
52) 5) dialog: Jeanine, could you get them a couple of packets. JEANINE, another volunteer, setting out COOKIES and JUICE hands Wendy and Jon a packet.
52) 6) dialog: ‘There's plenty of room up front. Wendy and Jon move a few steps inside the room but remain standing near the door.
52) 7) dialog: We're not gonna hurt you. You've probably been hurt enough already. The audience CLAPS and CHUCKLES in agreement. Wendy and Jon are unnerved by the cultish group dynamic. COUNSELOR (CONT’D) (addressing the group again) We're talking about activities you can share with your confused elder on visiting days. Now, I culled this list from a terrific book-- She reaches into a BIG CANVAS BAG, pulls out “Eldercare for Dummies.” The audience giggles. 104 105 69. COUNSELOR (CONT’D) You laugh, but I love this series. (thumbing through pages) When my mother was diagnosed with Parkinson's, this was my bible. Consider it assigned’ reading. Wendy notices that the table next to them is laid out with sweets. She takes a couple of napkins and helps herself to cookies, offering some to Jon.
52) 8) dialog: Okay, so. (reading from book) “creating Special Moments.” Number One: Ask your elder about the old days. (in her own words) Now, that may seem a little obvious, but when you're dealing with dementia you gotta work extra hard at this. You can’t just sit on the side of the bed asking questions. You've got to bring things in to help stimulate their memories. Old movies can be a terrific —— Distracted, she looks toward the back of the room.
52) 9) dialog: Excuse me -~ Wendy and Jon turn around, their mouths stuffed with food.
52) 10) dialog: We haven't served refreshments yet. The whole room looks at them, indignant.