35) 7) dialog: (to Lenny) Good evening sir, I’m Jimmy.
35) 10) dialog: Good man. You ever done time, Mr. Savage? Lenny laughs. Jimmy pulls his shirt off over his head. 75 THE HALLWAY OUTSIDE LENNY’S ROOM - LATER 75 Mrs. Robinson is giving Jon and Wendy final words of advi
66) 0) text: The door opens and Wendy stumbles out, holding her cat carrier. She wipes her nose with the top of her hand and then just stands there leaning against the wall and sniffling. Slowly she turns to her left to discover that she is not alone out there. Leaning against the wall a few feet away is a GROUP OF STAFFERS on a break, among them, Jimmy, who smokes a cigarette and nods to her. Wendy produces a weak smile, then turns back to stare at shoes. She's wearing a pair of unattractive flats with th socks. She hates what she sees. omMMy You want one? Wendy looks up to see Jimmy offering her a cigarette. She shrugs in the affirmative. Jimmy slides over and hands her one.
66) 2) dialog: What's in the box?
66) 4) dialog: Your cat is cold.
67) 0) text: He gets in on the driver’s side and immediately TURNS THE IGNITION and THE HEAT. He digs around and offers a crushed box of Kleenex to a snotty Wendy. She accepts. oIMMy This place is crazy, right? Wendy lets out a quick breath of air in agreement. Jimmy takes a drag from his cigarette. They sit there. It’s too intimate. JIMMY (CONT’D) (looking inside carrier) You mind if I introduce myself? Jimmy opens the little metal door and takes the cat out.
67) 1) dialog: What's his name? 94.
67) 3) dialog: My friend in B-26.
67) 5) dialog: You married?
67) 9) dialog: What do you do when you're not here?
67) 24) dialog: I’m from Nigeria, by the way. 132 133 97. INT. LENNY’S ROOM - NIGHT 132 Lenny is asleep. The bed is in the upright position. It suddenly begins to HUM as it is lowered by Jimmy. Wendy quietly sets up SMALL BOWLS for Genghis’s food and water. Genghis sits on top of the red pillow. Wendy pulls A COPY OF HER PLAY from her bag and hands it to Jimny.
74) 0) text: Wendy enters to find Jimmy on his knees looking under A COUCH. The room is designed for coziness. There are TWO STUFFED CHAIRS, AN AREA RUG and a FAKE FIREPLACE.
74) 15) dialog: I should probably get back to work.
74) 20) text: Wendy stops writhing and looks at Jimmy and smiles.
74) 21) dialog: It’s just that... I’m in love with my girlfriend. That probably sounds like corn. Wendy is shot in the heart, but tries to rally herself. 14a 145 146 107.
74) 23) text: And with that, Wendy bursts into tears. Jimmy puts his arm around her. Genghis crawls out from under the couch. omMMy Look who it is.
75) 0) text: The Corolla is parked out front, with Jon asleep at the wheel. Wendy exits the nursing home, holding Genghis. Jimmy walks beside her and carries the LARGE HOODED LITTER box. She opens the door and climbs in.