1) 0) text: It's dark in here, but bright sunlight peeks in around th closed drapes making dust particles visible. Still on the move, the CAMERA locates -- LENNY SAVAGE, 80, sitting at one end of a dining room tab hunched over a bowl of cereal. He is shirtless and moves slowly. Lenny has the labored chewing style of a man who wears dentures, but that does not deter him from indulgin in his favorite crunchy cereal: Wheat Chex. It might be “fun in the sun” for others in this retiremen community, but here, where Lenny lives, life ain't so gra From another room, A MAN’S VOICE wafts i
1) 8) dialog: I’m eating my cereal, don’t ya see?
1) 10) dialog: So flush it. 10 Lenny turns his attention back to his bowl.
1) 12) dialog: Not mine. You're hers. Go bother her. I’m eating.
1) 14) dialog: You do it.
1) 16) dialog: What the hell are you doing? Eduardo puts the BOWL inside the REFRIGERATOR.
1) 24) text: Lenny stands in front of the toilet. He stares into the open bowl and contemplates its contents.
1) 36) dialog: his hands SMEARED IN BROWN. On the tile wall, in an angry fecal scrawl, he has written the word: Prick. Frightened his own actions, Lenny stands there captured and tremblin staring in disbelief at what he has done and BREATHING HA
14) 11) text: NANCY (CONT’D) (getting choked up) You know, we love Lenny. He's been like family to us.
16) 1) text: LENNY, asleep, with an IV in his arm. They stand there a moment, haggardly staring at their
16) 6) dialog: Where the hell have you been? Wendy and Jon turn to face Lenny.
16) 8) dialog: ‘They've had me hog-tied for two days. can't you see? 25. Lenny becomes agitated and starts to thrash around. His sheet slides off to reveal RESTRAINTS holding his wrists and ankles. Wendy and Jon look at each other, horrified.
16) 10) dialog: I know who you are. You’re the late ones. You're late! You weren't here! And this is what they do, see. Lenny pulls violently against his restraints.
16) 13) dialog: You weren’t here, I said! Nobody!
16) 16) dialog: So do something. You're the doctor.
16) 19) dialog: I thought my boy was a doctor.
16) 21) dialog: Medicine?
16) 23) dialog: Like Broad-way? Zasu Pitts?
24) 0) text: SUITCASES filled with Lenny’s belongings are parked around the room. Wendy sits on the bed looking through the contents of an OLD BRIEFCASE -- bundles of LETTERS, yellowed children’s DRAWINGS and an assortment of WALLET-SIZED SCHOOL PORTRAITS of Wendy and Jon. The PHONE RINGS and Wendy answers.
26) 0) text: Viewed from behind, Wendy hustles down an empty corridor. INT. LENNY’S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAWN 61 Wendy enters and sees the empty hospital bed and no sign of anything else at first. Then she steps deeper into the room and turns to find
26) 1) text: Lenny, sitting in a wheelchair, all ready to go. He’s bee dresséd by the nurses and it shows. He wears a FLANNEL SH with SUSPENDERS, TROUSERS and a BASEBALL CAP, like a kid dressed for school by somebody else’s mother- Wendy is struck by the poignancy of this but moves on with the business at hand.
26) 3) dialog: Hi ya. There is a glimmer in his eye, a tiny smile on his face. Lenny seems to have some vague feeling of hope, not unlik way a dog senses that his beloved family is planning a vacation and he might be taken along. Wendy removes Lenny baseball cap and gives him a kiss on the forehead.
26) 5) dialog: Not bad. She tosses the cap on the bed and begins unclipping his suspenders. Lenny does not resist.
27) 0) text: THE NURSES’ STATION -- Wendy finishes signing the HOSPITAL RELEASE FORMS, folds papers in half and shoves them into one of the plastic ba hang off the back of Lenny’s wheelchair. A NURSE in her 50's hands over Lenny’s medical records, medications and instructions. Wendy dumps the pill bottles into her purse.
27) 5) dialog: Yep.
28) 1) text: Wendy pushes Lenny’s wheelchair. TWO AIRLINE EMPLOYEES march behind her in matching uniforms. They arrive at the CABIN DOOR, where the flight attendants greet them.
28) 2) text: Out of nowhere, the two airline employees produce A FOLDE METAL CONTRAPTION and pull open a series of METAL FLAPS, transforming it into A BOARDING CHAIR. Unlike a wheelchai it’s narrow enough to fit down the aisle of an airplane. Wendy stands by and watches as they transfer Lenny to the boarding chair. Lenny’s beseeching eyes are fixed on Wendy as he is handled by these human furniture movers. They arrange his arms across his chest, straight-jacket style, and strap him in. Wendy looks on helplessly as Lenny, not unlike a crate on a supermarket dolly, is TILTED BACK, SPUN AROUND and WHEELED onto the aircraft, BACKWARDS.
29) 0) text: Wendy lumbers down the aisle following behind Lenny, banging passengers with her bags.
29) 6) text: THWACK! Lenny slams his hand down on his tray. He's agitated, scattering what remains of his SNACK BOX. He begins to tug and fumble with his SEATBELT.
29) 8) dialog: (flat) Bath-room.
29) 10) dialog: (agitated and loud)
29) 13) dialog: 
31) 0) text: They're all packed in, Wendy in the back with their carry ons. Lenny’s face is barely visible inside the fur-lined hood of the parka. The windshield wipers squeak and push snow from the glass. After a few moments of uncomfortable silence, Jon steals a glance at his father.
31) 2) text: Lenny stares ahead. After a moment
31) 3) dialog: Lousy.
31) 5) dialog: Not the weather. Your driving. It’s lousy. Never could drive. Wendy starts cracking up in the backseat. Then Jon joins
31) 6) dialog: (amused) What ‘re you a bunch a dummies? The hell you laughing at? This only makes Jon and Wendy laugh louder. Now Lenny starts laughing. Everybody is laughing like crazy. Eventually, the laughter dies down and trails off. A brief silence, then -- LENNY (CONT’D) Did anyone of you remember to tell Doris I’m outta town for a while? She gets worried. Wendy and Jon nervously glance at each other in the rear view mirror.
34) 0) text: Wendy, Jon and Lenny (once again in a borrowed wheelchair) are being lead through the facility by a heavy-hipped African-American nurse, MS. ROBINSON. She's tired but not unkind. Wendy and Jon carry suitcases and plastic bags with Lenny’s things. Lenny cradles a bag in his lap.
34) 2) dialog: What'd ya say?
34) 4) dialog: Not too bad. WENDY'S MOVING Pov -~ The staff is scarce at this down-at-the-heels facility. Residents are lightly scattered about the communal spaces. Some are parked in hallways. Others wander. As they pass A LAUNDRY CART filled with dirty sheets, Wendy takes a whiff. Her nostrils flare. Lenny seems unaware of what exactly is happening. His expression is peaceful, almost dreamy. A CAT darts across the hall. 72 73 44.
35) 8) dialog: Leonard Savage. omMMy Good to meet you.
35) 9) dialog: Ditto. oIMMY (to Wendy) Make sure to include B-26, the room number. Lemme show you. Jimmy steps up to the bureau, takes one of Lenny’s t-shir and writes on the inside collar: L. Savage. B-26. Then, with a flourish he draws a silly smiley face. Wendy is charmed. IN THE MIRROR ABOVE THE BUREAU she watches 46. Jimmy talk to Lenny as she begins to mark Lenny’s shirts. JIMMY (CONT’D) You ready for a good night's sleep? Gimme your arms up in the air. Come on. Up. Up like you're under arrest. Lenny lifts his arms stiffly.
35) 14) dialog: Not bad.
35) 17) dialog: Hey
35) 20) dialog: Don't forget to tip the girl on the way out. ‘They expect it in a nice hotel like this.
41) 0) text: The music continues, but now it emanates from a BOOMBOX, suddenly sounding thin and tinny. A ROOMPUL OF RESIDENTS with their arms over their heads move in SLOW MOTION in rhythm to the song. 87 52. They’re taking part in an exercise class overseen by A PHYSICAL THERAPIST. Lenny is among them, skeptical, but playing along.
43) 3) dialog: Yeah. An awkward pause. Wendy and Jon exchange nervous looks.
43) 5) dialog: Okay.
43) 13) dialog: What kind of question is that?
43) 15) dialog: In case what?
43) 19) dialog: Who?
43) 21) dialog: What the hell kind of hotel is it?
43) 23) dialog: (mumbling) Unplug me.
43) 25) dialog: (loud and clear) Pull the plug. Nearby CUSTOMERS look in their direction. Jon and Wendy lower their voices.
43) 28) dialog: i'm dead.
43) 30) dialog: What?
43) 32) dialog: (talking through laughter) You bury me. What're you a bunch of idiots? You bury me. Lenny continues laughing. Unnerved by his outburst, Wendy and Jon stare silently at their father, unsure whether to laugh or cry. 90 INT. JON’S HOUSE - FOYER - NIGHT 90 The front door opens. Wendy steps into the darkened house and switches on a LIGHT. She turns around, startled to discover
53) 8) dialog: (mumbling) Yep. They got that right. Some STAFF stand in the back of the room ~~ KITCHEN WORKERS and a couple of NURSES. ON SCREEN -- a MOTHER cooks in a tenement kitchen.
53) 10) dialog: ‘There she is.
53) 12) dialog: (irritated, but quiet) You see her. She’s cooking dinner for me. ON SCREEN -- A FATHER FIGURE enters.
53) 13) dialog: ‘There's the bastard.
53) 15) dialog: (yelling at the screen) Bastard! MR. MCGILL, a perpetually disgruntled resident, asserts himself.
53) 17) dialog: You shut yourself up. It’s my night. 7. Lenny pushes himself up and gestures at the screen.
53) 18) dialog: (yelling) He smacks me around!
55) 0) text: We recognize the BEAUTIFULLY LANDSCAPED ESTATE from the v brochure, only now it’s live. Under a bright blue winter sky, Wendy pushes Lenny up a path. Jon trails behind.
55) 2) dialog: Oh-kay. 108 73. The family disappears inside the imposing MAIN BUILDING.
56) 0) text: In a strange variation on the college admissions process, Lenny, Wendy and Jon sit among other ELDERLY PEOPLE and their ADULT CHILDREN, also waiting to be interviewed. Jon reads a brochure while Wendy surreptitiously sizes up the competition. She digs a SMALL PACKET from her purse, and shakes a few PILLS into the palm of her hand.
57) 2) dialog: 
57) 5) text: Lenny glances over his shoulder to Wendy and Jon as if to say, “This test is gonna be a cinch.”
57) 7) dialog: cold! Everyone laughs lightly.
57) 9) dialog: Winter. What d’ya think?
57) 11) dialog: November. I don’t know the day
57) 14) dialog: Put down ‘East Coast.’ Roz smiles and writes something down. While her head is lowered, Wendy taps her father’s elbow and mouths —- “Buffalo.” Lenny takes a moment, then confidently announces
57) 16) dialog: Boston! Roz looks up.
57) 17) dialog: (loud, with conviction) Boston, Mass. Jon widens his eyes and looks at his sister in disbelief. Roz sees this exchange.
57) 26) dialog: (loud, quavering)
58) 0) text: Jon pushes Lenny away from the building. Wendy follows. From their tense expressions and sideways glances, it’s clear they have a lot to say to each other, but are somehow managing to hold it. The march to Jon's car is painfully silent. ‘Then - CLUNK! Jon closes the passenger door on Lenny and immediately lays into Wendy.
59) 3) text: Night has fallen. Lenny sits on the side of the bed in his newly decorated room, which is now less nursing home, more dorm room.
59) 4) dialog: (looking at the lava lamp) What's it do?
59) 7) dialog: Hi ya Jimmy. Wendy whips around, eager to see Jimmy, but discovers ANOTHER YOUNG BLACK AIDE entering the room instead. She’s deeply embarrassed by her father’s mistake.
59) 9) dialog: ‘The hell are you talking about?
59) 13) dialog: Good night. on her way out, through the curtain -~
59) 16) dialog: (mumbling) Leave it on.
59) 18) dialog: Yeah, I'm sure.
59) 20) dialog: Good night. Howard leaves. Like a child who is scared of the dark, Lenny pulls the blankets up to his face, leaving only his eyes exposed. He looks at the lava lamp for comfort. The red liquid globs move about hypnotically. INT. JON’S STUDY - DAY 116 In his second floor office, Jon types at his computer. Interrupted by A HONKING HORN, he looks out the window. JON’S Pov - A CAR idles in the street. Wendy appears, pulling on her coat as she hurries toward the car.
63) 4) dialog: I'm watching a picture.
63) 12) dialog: I don’t see anything.
64) 0) text: An angry Wendy storms back toward her father’s room, stopping in her tracks to turn and look down the opposite length of the corridor. WENDY’S Pov -- A cluster of residents. Among them -- an OLD WOMAN IN A WHEELCHAIR, who holds Lenny’s RED PILLOW in her lap.
65) 0) text: Wendy enters and hands the pillow to Lenny. gl.
65) 5) dialog: I don't wannit.
65) 7) dialog: (sharp) I don’t want it! Can’t ya hear?! Lenny violently pushes the pillow back at Wendy. Wendy just stands there with it, humiliated and stunned.
65) 8) dialog: (to Jon) What the hell does she think I’m payin’ her for, to bother me? Wendy's eyes immediately well up. Jon sees this.
69) 17) dialog: Hi. Jon gets in but doesn’t start the car. He’s not letting this go.
70) 0) text: Jon drives, glancing in the rear view mirror at Wendy, who sits arms crossed. Lenny wearily endures the ride.
72) 0) text: CLOSE ON THE LAVA LAMP glowing. CLOSE ON LENNY in bed staring at it. The CAMERA drifts down the side of his body which is covered in a white sheet and finally stops at the bottom of his bed where his feet pointing upright create a TENT. After a moment, the tent begins to cave in. His toes are curling under.’ Genghis sits on the windowsill staring at him. She MEOWS, then jumps down and runs out of the room. FADE TO BLACK. UNDER BLACK -—
78) 1) dialog: his eyes closed, an IV in his arm. He doesn’t look good. Monitors beep.
79) 0) text: The privacy curtain is pulled around the bed. Lenny’s clothes and things are put in a plastic bag by the nurse. EXT. HOSPITAL - DAWN 1s4 Wendy and Jon stumble out of the hospital onto the empty streets. Wendy carries the plastic bag with Lenny’s cloth
82) 0) text: Wendy and Jon pack up Lenny’s belongings. Wendy empties drawers. Jon hoists the T.V. and VCR off the bureau and heads for the door.
83) 0) text: Jon and Wendy walk down the hall carrying an odd assortment of Lenny’s belongings and some boxes.