14) 0) text: Jon and Wendy sit side-by-side on the couch with uncertai expressions on their faces. The pathetic balloon floats above them. FLOWERS and SYMPATHY CARDS abound. Across from them -- NANCY LACHMAN, 47, sits with her husband, BILL, 48, who nurses a Heineken. Their children, HOPE and FAITH are nearby watching “SpongeBob SquarePants” on the T.V. Eduardo hovers.
16) 25) text: The door swings open. In walks Jon with a NURSE.
16) 26) dialog: I/1l untie him only if he promises to be good. He can’t be trying to get out of bed by himself. You gonna be good, Mr. Savage?
16) 28) dialog: You can’t go pulling on everything, now. (re: IV tube) This here is for your own good. This is your food. (untying his hands and feet) We can’t have him climbing out on his own. He’s unsteady and he can fall.
26) 1) text: Lenny, sitting in a wheelchair, all ready to go. He’s bee dresséd by the nurses and it shows. He wears a FLANNEL SH with SUSPENDERS, TROUSERS and a BASEBALL CAP, like a kid dressed for school by somebody else’s mother- Wendy is struck by the poignancy of this but moves on with the business at hand.
27) 0) text: THE NURSES’ STATION -- Wendy finishes signing the HOSPITAL RELEASE FORMS, folds papers in half and shoves them into one of the plastic ba hang off the back of Lenny’s wheelchair. A NURSE in her 50's hands over Lenny’s medical records, medications and instructions. Wendy dumps the pill bottles into her purse.
27) 1) dialog: Here. Lemme give you some of these. The nurse looks over her shoulder to make sure she is unobserved, then pulls out a half a dozen ADULT DIAPERS. Wendy’s eyes widen. NURSE (CONT’D) They don’t like us to give this stuff away, but you might need it. She hands the diapers to Wendy.
27) 6) dialog: Have a good trip, Mr. Savage. (whispering to Wendy) Good luck. Lenny waves with a small wiggle of his fingers. Wendy rolls him away.
34) 0) text: Wendy, Jon and Lenny (once again in a borrowed wheelchair) are being lead through the facility by a heavy-hipped African-American nurse, MS. ROBINSON. She's tired but not unkind. Wendy and Jon carry suitcases and plastic bags with Lenny’s things. Lenny cradles a bag in his lap.
53) 22) dialog: Mr. Savage --
77) 0) text: Wendy and Jon walk quickly toward the NURSES STATION.
79) 0) text: The privacy curtain is pulled around the bed. Lenny’s clothes and things are put in a plastic bag by the nurse. EXT. HOSPITAL - DAWN 1s4 Wendy and Jon stumble out of the hospital onto the empty streets. Wendy carries the plastic bag with Lenny’s cloth