33) 0) text: Jack leads Nick and Joey towards the MAJOR DOORS of Jeff' office.
33) 3) dialog: Nick Naylor, Jeff Megall.
33) 6) dialog: Stop it Jack. Next you’re going to tell Nick what position I played for the Bruins. (to the point) Mr. Naylor is here to find a way to get cigarettes into the hands of someone other than the usual RAV’s. 46.
33) 8) dialog: Russians, Arabs, and Villains.
33) 10) dialog: Good. I think we can help you.
33) 13) dialog: I don’t have the answers on that. I’m not a doctor. I’m just a facilitator. All I do is bring creative people together. What information there is, is out there. People will decide for themselves. I can’t make that decision for them. It’s not my role. It would be morally presumptuous. Nick is stunned. They sit.
33) 16) dialog: Indiana Jones meets Jerry Maguire...
33) 18) dialog: But he can’t live in contemporary society. 47.
33) 20) dialog: Health issue is too prevalent. People will constantly ask why the character is smoking, when it should go unsaid. What do you think about the future?
33) 22) dialog: Yes. After the health thing has blown over. A world where smokers and non- smokers live in perfect harmony. Sony has a futuristic sci-fi picture coming up. “Message from Sector Six”. It all takes place on a space station. They’re looking hard for any type of investor.
33) 24) dialog: The final frontier, Nick.
33) 26) dialog: Easy fix. One line of dialogue. (pitches) Brad Pitt and Catherine Zeta-Jones have just finished ravishing each others bodies for the first time. They lay naked, suspended mid air, under the heavens. Pitt lights up and begins blowing smokes rings around every part of Catherine’s flawless naked body as galaxies go whizzing by above the glass dome ceiling. Tell me that doesn’t work for you?
33) 28) dialog: I’d buy the god damned DVD... y’know if I didn’t get the free one from the academy. (MORE)
33) 30) dialog: (serious again) If I were you guys, I’d start on a new brand of cigarettes that could be released simultaneously to the film.
33) 32) dialog: No one’s done that with a cigarette.
33) 34) dialog: You go enjoy the rest of your day with your son in Los Angeles, while I find answers for our questions. EXT. L’ERMITAGE HOTEL - DAY A BELLMAN approaches Jack’s BMW and opens both car doors Nick and Joey.
35) 3) dialog: Thought I’d give you a little update.
35) 5) dialog: Do you know what time it is in Tokyo right now?
35) 7) dialog: Four PM, tomorrow. It’s the future, Nick. Nick simply mouths the words, “fuck me”.
35) 8) dialog: Anyhow, for Brad Pitt to smoke it’s ten million. For the pair, it’s twenty five.
35) 10) dialog: Synergy. These are not dumb people. They got it right away. Pitt and Zeta-Jones lighting up after some cosmic fucking in the bubble suite is going to sell a lot of cigarettes.
35) 12) dialog: I don’t have that information.
35) 14) dialog: Oh, there’s one more thing. You’d be co- financing this picture with the Sultan of Glutan. Is that going to be all right?
35) 16) dialog: I can’t speak to that. I can say that in all my dealings with him, he’s been a very reasonable and sensitive individual.
35) 18) dialog: Of course... Gotta run Nick. London’s calling. Eight AM in the old empire.
35) 20) dialog: Sunday.
61) 0) text: Various office workers ride up the center of an atrium, reading the POST. INT. JEFF MEGALL’S OFFICE - DAY Jeff is handed a crisp copy of the article with hi-lighte sections. He immediately devours it...
61) 1) dialog: Sector Six would emphasize the sex appeal of cigarettes, in a way only floating nude copulating hollywood stars could...