12) 2) dialog: You still own a watch, don’t you Nick? Nick waits for the end of this insult.
12) 3) dialog: Eight 0’Clock is when the little hand is pointing directly at eight.
12) 5) dialog: Nick, you had plenty of time to be his father. Now you’re his weekend guardian.
21) 20) text: INT. JILL’S KITCHEN - DAY Jill is on the phone, while Joey does his homework at the kitchen table, pretending not to listen.
21) 21) dialog: Don’t smooth talk me. You’re not going to take him sight-seeing. You’1l probably bring him to some lung cancer symposium where a guy with an electronic voice box will tell him his father is the devil.
21) 23) dialog: Unfair? What about Virginia?
21) 25) dialog: You took him to a cigarette factory.
21) 27) dialog: This conversation is over. Jill hangs up. Nick closes the cell phone against his chest.
23) 0) text: Jill and Joey eat scrambled eggs with orange juice. After beat, Joey looks to his mom.
23) 2) dialog: California is just not a safe place, and besides, I’m not sure if it’s appropriate for your father to bring you ona business trip.
23) 4) dialog: What?
43) 0) text: Nick pushes a LUGGAGE CART. Joey walks next to him, one h on the cart. 67. Nick looks around at the even flow of people, trying to evaluate each person as they pass. You can’t be too caref EXT. JILL NAYLOR’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON Nick is parked out front in the BMW. Joey runs by his mom into the house. Jill meanwhile stare Nick and shakes her head. She evidently saw Larry King. EXT. NICK’S APARTMENT BUILDING - EVENING Nick rounds the corner and is about to pull into his gara when he notices a HOARD OF PRESS waiting for him at his f door. Cameras, lights, the whole bit. Nick immediately speeds past his building and rounds the corner.
48) 0) text: Jill is on the CELL PHONE, while Joey picks CEREAL in the background.
48) 1) dialog: Nick, I had to tell you. Joey gave a speech in class today.
48) 4) dialog: He moved Ms. Terhagen to tears. We push into Joey’s Teacher who is visibly crying in appreciation.
49) 0) text: Jill remains at the end of the cereal aisle.
49) 1) dialog: Nick, I don’t know what you said to Joey in California, but thank you.
49) 3) dialog: No, for being his father. Joey has stopped looking for cereal and has locked onto h mother’s phone conversation.
49) 5) dialog: I’m sorry I doubted you. INT. NICK’S OFFICE - ACADEMY OF TOBACCO STUDIES - DAY Nick puts down the phone. We recognize a different kind o pride in his eyes. A man wearing a FLAK JACKET and “security” ball cap enter the room with a gun in his hand.
62) 2) dialog: Nick’s own son Joey Naylor seems to be being groomed for the job, as he joins his father on the majority of his trips... INT. NICK’S OFFICE - ACADEMY OF TOBACCO STUDIES - DAY Nick sits at his desk. He is a mess. He taps an unopened of the POST, when the intercom suddenly breaks the moment
66) 13) dialog: It’s me, Nick.
66) 15) dialog: Let me in Nick.
66) 17) dialog: I brought someone who needs to talk to you. Nick exhales, then opens the door. Jill brought Joey.
66) 19) dialog: So, this Heather Holloway must’ve been pret-ty hot... Nick goes to argue, then concedes... 95.
66) 21) dialog: Don’t take it so hard. A few flaws can be appealing. It makes you human.
66) 23) dialog: I know one person who still thinks you’re a god. Nick looks back towards the kitchen.