50) 0) text: Nick walks away from Bert’s. He goes to get in his BMW, w a VAN screeches to a halt beside him. 75. Nick looks up, but it’s too late. The VAN DOOR slides ope and he is yanked into the opening as the wheels peel out. INT. KIDNAPPER’S MINI-VAN - DAY Nick is immediately tackled to the ground by two hooded m The two men BLINDFOLD Nick, then HANDCUFF him.
50) 3) dialog: Hi Nick. The kidnapper sits behind Nick’s head. His face is hidden shadows.
50) 5) dialog: Nick, we want you to stop killing people. So many people. Half a million people a year in the U.S.
50) 7) dialog: Nick... you’re not on TV anymore.
51) 0) text: The Kidnapper’s MINI-VAN flies by. 76. INT. KIDNAPPER’S MINI-VAN - DAY The two men in hoods pull out cardboard BOXES. From the b they pull little PACKAGES. One man opens a package, pulls something white, then SLAPS it down on Nick’s CHEST, wher sticks like a band-aid. Then the other man does the same. two men start covering Nick’s entire body with these litt white stickers...
51) 2) dialog: Nick, how much do you smoke a day?
51) 4) dialog: According to the box, each one of those patches contains twenty-one milligrams of nicotine. That’s like what? One Pack?
51) 7) dialog: Nick, just listen, all right? Says here there are many adverse reactions from these things. Let’s see, Erythema, which I think is just a rash, no big thing. (reading) Then you got back pain, constipation dyspepsia, nausea, myalgia...
51) 10) dialog: (continues reading) Pharyngitis, Sinusitis,... (struggles with word) Dys-men-or-rhea. I don’t even want to know what that means. 77.
51) 13) dialog: But I don’t want any money, Nick.
51) 16) dialog: Nick... what does any man want? The love of a woman? Crisp bacon? An average life span over eighty years? The slapping stops. Nick begins to hyperventilate.
51) 17) dialog: Nick, did you know in the next ten years two hundred eighty million people will die from smoking. That’s the entire population of the United States. Nick is struggling for air and turning red.
51) 18) dialog: Oh, Nick. You don’t look so good...