37) 0) text: Nick looks over to the passenger seat, where his son star out the window, excited. Then Nick turns to the backseat where the briefcase sits like an anchor. EXT. LORNE LUTCH’S RANCH - DAY Southern style. Broken down. Oxygen tanks on the porch. Nick pulls up in the front yard. He gets out of the car pulls out the briefcase, and steps forward. Nick stares at the house, thinking of what condition Lorn Lutch will be in. He takes in a deep breath and starts towards the porch. A few steps later, the screen door swi open, and out of the darkness comes the “chu-chink” of a shotgun. Nick freezes again.
37) 1) dialog: (in shadows) You’re Nick Naylor, aren’t you?
37) 3) dialog: What do you want here? The Sebring’s passenger door flies open and Joey runs out
37) 7) dialog: All right. Come in. Lorne turns back inside, holding the door open with the muzzle of his shotgun. Nick lowers his arms and walks up to the house. Joey stay moment, then follows. INT. LIVING ROOM - LORNE LUTCH’S RANCH HOUSE- DAY Hot and dusty. Perhaps, a Deer Head. Photos of Lorne with celebrities and politicians that cease circa 1970. Lorne returns the shotgun to its rack.
37) 8) dialog: Pearl, we’ve got company. PEARL, Lorne’s wife, nurse, and reason to be alive enters room from a hallway and freezes at the sight of Nick.
37) 10) dialog: (gesturing to Joey) Pearl. Show this young man some Ice Tea? 57. Joey’s mind is in hyperdrive, trying to keep up with the information: Who is my father? Pearl pats Joey on the back and leads him into the kitche However, Joey finds a seat where he can still view the ac in the living room. Nick takes a seat on the couch, while Lorne eases into hi rocking chair.
37) 11) dialog: Saw you on... weren’t you on that Oprah show?
37) 13) dialog: You’re lucky you made it out of there alive.
37) 15) dialog: Strange business. In the early fifties they had the first cancer scare, so they brought in those filters. Then they got worried that men would think filters were for pussies. That’s where I came in.
37) 17) dialog: Last year, after I got diagnosed, I flew east to attend the annual stockholders’ meeting. I stood up and told them that they ought to limit their advertising. And do you know what your boss said to me? Nick knows, but doesn’t interrupt.
37) 18) dialog: He said ‘We’re certainly sorry to hear about your medical problem. (MORE)
37) 20) dialog: However, without knowing your medical history, we can’t comment further.’ Then they tried to pretend I never worked for them. I mean I’ve got pay stubs, but hell I’m on the damn billboards. (breaks for breath) I never even smoked Marlboro. I smoked Kools. The two men chuckle over this. INT. KITCHEN - LORNE LUTCH’S RANCH HOUSE - SAME Pearl gives Joey an Ice Tea.
37) 27) dialog: You look like a nice enough fellah. what are you doing working for these assholes? Hold on Nick as he chooses his words carefully. 59.
37) 29) dialog: Well hell, son, I was good at shooting Koreans, but I didn’t make it my career. There is a pause as Lorne studies Nick.
37) 30) dialog: I suppose we all got to pay the mortgage somehow. Nick exhales.
37) 31) dialog: So, you here to talk me into shutting up? Is that what’s in that case of yours? Joey stares, trying to keep up with the action.
37) 33) dialog: My dignity ain’t for sale.
37) 35) dialog: Were you supposed to tell me all that?
37) 37) dialog: Then why are you telling me this? A moment. Joey gets closer. Then... Nick ignites. He looks up at Lorne. 60.
37) 39) dialog: Why would I do that?
37) 41) dialog: Damn straight.
37) 43) dialog: (trying to keep up) Okay...
37) 45) dialog: Why? Nick is really cooking now. He gets up...
37) 49) dialog: (now standing) What am I going to do with it?
37) 51) dialog: Wait, what about my family?
37) 53) dialog: (caught in the enthusiasm) Why the hell not?
37) 55) dialog: I’ve got to think it over.
37) 57) dialog: I don’t suppose I can denounce you for half of it.
62) 0) text: Students at computer terminals, read the article on the Washington Post Website. INT. LORNE LUTCH’S RANCH - DAY Lorne’s FAX machine, albeit an ancient one, spits out the curled transmission. He reads: 90.
62) 1) dialog: This did not stop Nick from bribing the dying man with a suitcase of cash to keep quiet on the subject of his recent lung cancer diagnosis... INT. KITCHEN - JILL NAYLOR’S RESIDENCE - DAY Joey runs into room expecting a snack, but instead finds and Brad hovering over the POST.