0) 4) text: Robin Williger is a fifteen year old freshman from Racine, Wisconsin. He likes studying history and he’s on the debate team. Robin’s future looked bright, however recently, he was diagnosed with Cancer. A very tough kind of Cancer. Robin tells me he has quit smoking though and no longer thinks cigarettes are cool. Thunderous applause. Oprah stops in front of NICK NAYLOR... our hero. Silence.
0) 6) dialog: Few people on this planet know what it is to be truly despised. The scene FREEZES as we switch to Nick’s POV of the CROWD This is a very angry bunch of people. As we pass the FROZ CROWD, we see PEOPLE: mid-scream, mid-spit, mid-gesture.
0) 7) dialog: Can you blame them? I earn a living fronting an organization that kills one thousand two hundred human beings a day. Twelve Hundred People. we’re talking two jumbo jet planeloads a day of men, women, and children. I mean there’s Caesar, Alexander the Great, and me... FLASH IMAGES (under previous dialogue): 1. CAESAR in the Coliseum 2. ALEXANDER THE GREAT, tromping over the carcas of his enemies 3. NICK NAYLOR, holding out a light with a smile, framed by the AMERICAN FLAG.
0) 8) text: ...Nick Naylor. The face of cigarettes. The Colonel Sanders of Nicotine.
1) 1) dialog: This is where I work. The Academy of Tobacco Studies. It was established by seven gentlemen you may recognize from C- Span... FLASH IMAGES: The seven Tobacco CEO’s testifying in Congr
1) 2) dialog: These guys realized quick, if they were going to claim that cigarettes were not addictive, they better have proof...
2) 1) dialog: This is the man they rely on, Erhardt Von Gruppen-Mundt. They found him in Germany. I won’t go into the details. He’s been testing the link between nicotine and lung cancer for thirty years and hasn’t found any conclusive results. The man is a genius. He could disprove gravity.
3) 1) dialog: Then, we’ve got our sharks. We draft them out of Ivy League law schools and give them sports cars and time shares. It’s just like a John Grisham novel without all the espionage.
3) 3) dialog: Most importantly, we’ve got spin control. That’s where I come in. I get paid to talk. I don’t have an MD or a law degree. I’ve got a bachelors in kicking ass and taking names.
4) 0) text: Nick’s head turns towards us in SLO-MO. As his mouth open speak, we ramp into SUPER-SPEED, sending his mouth to 100 (words per second). Nick expels syllables like bullets to sound of an M-16 emptying a full clip.
4) 1) dialog: You know that guy who can pick up any girl?
5) 0) text: Nick is at the plate in rolled up sleeves and a tie. He clicks the bat against his loafers. There’s the pitch. He swings, connects, home run.
5) 1) dialog: I’m him on crack.
6) 2) dialog: Is it all right if I smoke? Gasps all around.
6) 7) dialog: (to Ron) Oh, why don’t you leave him alone and stop trying to tell him how he ought to feel. (to Oprah) This is typical of the attitude of the federal government. It’s this same attitude that brought us Prohibition Vietnam, and fifty years of living on the brink of nuclear destruction. (pointing to Ron) But for a member of the government to come on this show and lecture about cancer, when the same government for the last sixty years has been producing atomic bombs, twenty-five thousand of them, capable of giving every man, woman, and child on this planet cancer so awful, so ghastly, so untreatable, that medical science doesn’t even have a name for them yet, is just beneath contempt.
6) 10) dialog: Oprah, how on earth would “Big Tobacco” profit off of the loss of this young man? I hate to think in such callous terms, but if anything we’d be losing a customer. It’s not only our hope but it’s in our best interests to keep Robin alive and smoking.
6) 12) dialog: Let me tell you something Oprah, and let me share something with the fine, concerned people in the audience today. The Ron Goode’s of this world want the Robin Willigers to die.
6) 14) dialog: (Holds Robin’s shoulder) Awful, but true. I’m sorry, but it’s a fact. And do you know why? I’1l1 tell you why. So that their budgets will go up. This is nothing less than trafficking in human misery, and you, sir, ought to be ashamed of yourself. (back to audience) Of course the Academy does not condone underage smoking, or drinking and driving for that matter, for the simple reason that they are against the law. (time for the ammo) As a matter of fact, we’re about to launch... a fifty-million-dollar campaign aimed at persuading kids not to smoke.
6) 18) text: Nick steps out of a backstage door onto the sidewalk and a waiting LIMOUSINE, while answering his ringing CELL PHO in one movement.
7) 0) text: Nick is swallowed by the plush black leather
7) 1) dialog: (answering phone) Yes?
7) 2) text: INT. BR’S OFFICE - ACADEMY OF TOBACCO STUDIES - DAY BR, Nick’s boss and a real shit kicker, fumes into the re
7) 4) dialog: Everyone has a boss... BR just happens to be mine.
8) 1) dialog: He came from the vending machine world. This made him tough. BR enters the court and begins to hit the ball. He is a t man with strong features in his forties. Stained headband
8) 2) dialog: The name, BR, came from his tour in Vietnam. The five people who know it’s meaning are all dead. BR is at full speed. He slams his opponent into the wall.
8) 5) dialog: Five million dollars will buy you a couple subway posters. It’s not going to impress anyone.
8) 7) dialog: You’11 be thanking me soon. This will probably get you great press.
10) 0) text: We hover over FIRST CLASS, but Nick isn’t there.
10) 1) dialog: Could I afford to sit in First? Still hovering over the cabin we begin to move towards th tail of the plane.
10) 2) dialog: Of course I could. We cross into BUSINESS CLASS.
10) 3) dialog: Business Class? Hell, I could just bump up. I’ve got enough frequent flyer miles to ride in the cockpit. We cross into COACH.
10) 4) dialog: I like to ride with the people. We stop on the worst seat in the plane. Center Seat. Fiv rows from the back. Nick is crammed in between a college baseball team in uniform.
10) 5) dialog: Know your clients. My people cram themselves into a tiny seat, take a Xanax and dream of the moment they can stuff their face with fresh tobacco. The Team starts tossing around a ball. Nick is unfazed.
10) 6) dialog: If I can convince just one of these kids to pick up smoking, I’ve paid for my flight round trip. Nick greets the kid next to him.
10) 8) dialog: Once a week, we’1ll meet here at Bert’s. Together, we represent the chief spokespeople for the Tobacco, Alcohol, and Firearms industries. We call ourselves the Mod Squad. M-O-D. Merchants of Death. Bobby Jay into his cell phone.
10) 11) dialog: Did they legalize grenade launchers for hunting? 10.
10) 13) dialog: Bobby Jay works for SAFETY. The Society for the Advancement of Firearms and Effective Training of Youth. Formerly the National Right to Bear Arms Committee. FLASH IMAGE: Bobby Jay’s HEADSHOT, standing with the SAFE seal and an American flag, in camouflage, holding a rifle
10) 14) dialog: Following the Kent State shootings, Bobby Jay, then seventeen, signed up for the National Guard, so that he too could shoot college students... ...But the National Guard recruiter was out to lunch so Bobby Jay joined the army and ended up shooting Vietnamese instead... FLASH IMAGE: Bobby Jay steps out of the jungle in full ca shouldering an M-60.
10) 15) dialog: ...which was almost as good as college students, only they shot back. Bobby Jay takes a SHOT in the arm. He looks confused.
10) 17) dialog: Assault rifle?
10) 21) dialog: That’s good.
10) 25) dialog: Polly works for The Moderation Council, formerly the National Association for Alcoholic Beverages. FLASH IMAGE - Polly’s HEADSHOT shows her surrounded by me bad suits, each pointing various bottles of alcohol at he
10) 26) dialog: The liquor industry has been using women to sell its product since time began... FLASH IMAGE - Really Sexist Beer Ad: Larry Flynt would bl
10) 27) dialog: ... Only recently however did they hire a woman like Polly to pitch public policy... FLASH IMAGE - Polly at a press conference.
10) 28) dialog: The sight of her challenging the latest government report on alcohol- related car crashes made you want to... well, grab a beer. 12. Polly brushes hair back over her shoulder as we go...
10) 30) dialog: (turns to Polly) How does your day stack up?
10) 32) dialog: Party down.
10) 35) dialog: Don’t the police wonder why you’re sucking on charcoal.
10) 39) dialog: Got to go.
10) 43) dialog: He gets that from his mother. The teacher lets out a little “oh”.
11) 0) text: A BANNER hung across the chalkboard reads: “WHAT DO YOU D Nick enters the classroom and smiles to his son, JOEY (12 who tries to smile back, but comes across, well... terrif Nick sets his cardboard box down on the teacher’s desk an slices it open with a pair of black handled school scisso He then proceeds down the aisle with his box, handing eac student... a JOE CAMEL PLUSH TOY.
11) 1) dialog: Here you go... One each... Enjoy... The teacher’s jaw drops. Nick gets to his son’s desk.
11) 3) dialog: How many of you want to be lawyers when you grow up? One hand. A real prick of a kid.
11) 4) dialog: How about movie stars? Almost every hand in the room goes up. 14.
11) 5) dialog: How about lobbyists?
11) 7) dialog: It’s kind of like being in the movies. It’s what I do. I talk for a living.
11) 9) dialog: I speak on behalf of cigarettes. Gasps around the room. Joey looks around in growing fear
11) 11) dialog: (to Kid 3) Really? Is your mom a doctor?
11) 13) dialog: (to Kid 3) A scientific researcher of some kind?
11) 15) dialog: Well, she doesn’t exactly sound like a credible expert now does she? Kid 3 sinks in his seat.
11) 16) dialog: Don’t feel bad. It’s okay to listen to your mom. (winking at Joey) I mean, it’s good to listen to your parents. (to the class) (MORE)
11) 18) dialog: All I’m suggesting is that there will always be people trying to tell you what to do and what to think. There probably already are people doing that. Am I right? Nods across the classroom. The teacher is a little skitti NICK (CONT’D) I’m here to say that when someone tries to act like some sort of expert, you can respond, “who says?”
11) 21) dialog: No, that’s not what I’m getting at. My point is you have to think for yourself. (bangs a desk) Challenge authority! A couple kids gasp. NICK (CONT’D) If your parents told you that chocolate was dangerous, would you just take their words for it?
11) 23) dialog: Exactly. So, perhaps instead of acting like sheep, when it comes to cigarettes, you should find out for yourself.
11) 26) dialog: Are you kidding? I wouldn’t miss this for the world.
11) 28) dialog: I think some kids in the back liked it.
11) 30) dialog: Come on, Joey. I only get to see you once a month. Let’s try to enjoy ourselves.
11) 33) dialog: (without looking) Because of our endless appeals system. Joey goes back to writing. Nick suddenly looks up and realizes what he’s done.
11) 34) dialog: Joey, you’re not writing what I just said, are you? Joey nods YES. 17.
11) 35) dialog: Stop for a second. Joey drops his pencil.
11) 36) dialog: What is the subject of your essay?
11) 38) dialog: Your teacher crafted that question?
11) 40) dialog: Well, for the moment, I’11 look past the obvious problems in syntax and focus more on the core of the question. Joey rolls his eyes. He’s heard this before.
11) 41) dialog: I mean, A. Does America have the best government? and B. What constitutes a best government? Crime? Poverty? Literacy? in America? Definitely not best. Perhaps not even better than most (however ) We do have a very entertaining government.
11) 43) dialog: Sorry. (back to being a father) Joey, are you familiar with the term, B.S.?
11) 45) dialog: Yes. Exactly. B.S., if I may, is what questions like the one your teacher posed are made for. (MORE)
11) 47) dialog: Even if America had the best government, there’d be no way to prove it in... how Many pages are you writing?
11) 49) dialog: Definitely not in two pages.
11) 51) dialog: Whatever you want.
11) 53) dialog: Write about America’s amazing ability to make profit by breaking down trading tariffs and bringing American jobs to third world countries or how good we are at executing felons. They’re all correct answers.
11) 55) dialog: Oh Joey, that’s the beauty of argument. If you argue correctly, you’re never wrong. A whole new world opens in Joey’s eyes. Nick goes back to his work.
11) 57) dialog: (without looking up) That’s a negotiation, not an argument. INT. NICK’S APARTMENT - LATER THAT NIGHT Nick intently watches THE SANDS OF IWO JIMA. Joey has alr fallen asleep next to him. 19. On TV - John Wayne, having brought his men through hell t victory, gives them the post game speech.
12) 0) text: Nick pulls up to the curb in front of the house.
12) 1) dialog: This was the first house I ever bought. Nick and Joey walk up to the door. It opens, revealing Ni ex-wife JILL. Joey scurries past his mother into the hous
12) 4) dialog: Jill, I can’t help feeling that Joey is getting the wrong idea about his father. It would be great if I could spend a little more time with him. You know, to give him a fair and balanced perspective.
12) 6) dialog: He still needs a father. On cue, BRAD steps through the door between them. Brad is Nick’s taller and broader replacement. He’s an MD, and he wearing the WHITE COAT and BADGE to prove it. 20.
12) 8) dialog: Sure, Brad. Brad walks Nick back to his car.
12) 10) dialog: What are you talking about?
12) 12) dialog: Brad, I’m his father. You’re the guy fucking his mom. Nick gets into his car.
13) 0) text: The Spin Control team sits around the long oval table. Somewhere in the middle sits Nick. His eyelids drop to ha mast in reaction to the video.
13) 1) dialog: Prick. BR freezes the MONITOR on Finistirre’s clammy face. He th grabs the top of the conference table with his opens palm The fifteen or so people in suits prepare for a beating.
13) 6) dialog: 
13) 9) dialog: If I may? BR gives the look of By all means, impress me. Nick stands and begins to circle the large table.
13) 10) dialog: In 1910 the US was producing ten billion cigarettes a year. By 1930, we were up to one hundred twenty three billion. what happened in between? Blank stares all around.
13) 11) dialog: Three things. A World War. Dieting. And Movies.
13) 13) dialog: 1927. Talking pictures are born. Suddenly directors need to give their actors something to do when they’re talking. Cary Grant and Carole Lombard are lighting up. Bette Davis - a chimney. And Bogart! Remember the first picture with him and Lauren Bacall?
13) 15) dialog: (imitating Bacall) She sort of shimmies in through the doorway, nineteen years old, pure sex. She says, “Anybody got a match?” (back to being Nick) And Bogie throws the matches at her... 23. Nick tosses a book of matches to an attractive young lobb
13) 16) dialog: ...And she catches them. Greatest romance of the century and how did it start? Lighting a cigarette. (switches gears) These days when someone smokes in a movie, they’re either a psychopath or... (even worse) European. Nick goes in for the kill.
13) 17) dialog: The message Hollywood needs to send out is, Smoking is Cool. We need the cast of Will & Grace smoking in their living room. Forrest Gump puffing away between his box of chocolates. Hugh Grant earning back the love of Julia Roberts by buying her favorite brand... her Virginia Slims. Most of the actors smoke already. If they start doing it on screen, we can put the sex back into cigarettes. Nick feels like taking a bow, but he’1ll settle for a sea
13) 20) dialog: He saw Oprah?
13) 21) dialog: What did he think? 24.
14) 0) text: Nick twitches awake from what was apparently a dream. He his V8 and returns to some reading.
14) 1) dialog: The Captain is one of the last great men of tobacco. The man is a legend. He introduced filters when cigarettes first got slammed by Reader’s Digest. 25.
15) 1) dialog: The Captain later founded the Academy of Tobacco Studies. Although I’ve never met him, I guess you could say he’s the father I never knew. One door opens. Nick steps out in sweats and picks up the local newspaper, the Winston-Salem Journal, at his feet. The cover reads: OUR HERO; Tobacco Spokesman Nick Naylor Lets Government Have It Nick smiles.
15) 2) dialog: You got to love Winston-Salem.
16) 0) text: One word: mahogany. Your typical men’s club, only wall-to-wall posters of cla cigarette advertisements and a constant six foot smog lay from smoke exhalation. Nick is examining one of the old posters.
17) 0) text: Nick follows the host through the smoke filled room of me 26.
17) 1) dialog: The Club was founded by the Tobacco Barons in 1890, so they would have a place to get away from their wives. In Winston-Salem, feminism is the practice of not beating your spouse unless she really deserves it. The host leads Nick to a table. Seated at which is a man could only be described as Colonel Sanders. This is the CAPTAIN.
17) 6) dialog: Sir, I wasn’t alive in Nineteen-Fifty-Two.
17) 8) dialog: (not a question) Really.
17) 14) dialog: Yes, it’s challenging. If you can do Tobacco, you can do anything.
17) 16) dialog: Yes, briefly.
17) 20) dialog: Thank you sir.
17) 22) dialog: BR is... my boss. 28.
17) 24) dialog: Thank you sir.
17) 26) dialog: Say, that’s a great idea.
17) 28) dialog: Oh yeah, and loyal.
18) 16) dialog: The torch?
18) 18) dialog: Thank you. 31.
18) 20) dialog: (hesitant) Sir, about the fifty million dollars...
19) 0) text: The Captain’s Limo pulls into a private gate and stops in front of a Gulfstream 5. Nick gets out of the Limo.
20) 0) text: Nick climbs aboard and is shocked by the lavish interior. melts down into a seat of creamy brown leather. A Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue-quality STEWARDESS approaches from the back of the cabin, then bends down to him, givin Nick an unavoidable peek into the world that lives beyond top button.
21) 1) text: INT. NICK’S OFFICE - ACADEMY OF TOBACCO STUDIES - DAY Nick takes a seat at his desk as GIZELLE, his assistant follows with his “while You Were Outs”.
21) 3) dialog: (reading a couple) I’m going to pour hot tar down your throat, you scumbag... I own a high- powered rifle and could drop a sack of shit like you at 250 yards. (to Gizelle) Jesus, you wrote death threats down on message slips?
21) 6) dialog: Oh, yeah, you could say that. I came up on the Captain’s plane. Quite the way to travel.
21) 8) dialog: (digging it in) Oh, you’ve never been on the plane, with those seats, and the kitchen, and that stewardess. Tiffany.
21) 10) dialog: (deeper ) Oh, well, you really must try it sometime. It’s the only way to travel. BR is quick to stop this.
21) 12) dialog: Anti-teen smoking campaign. He gave me the go ahead. Oh, and he loved your idea to put cigarettes back into movies.
21) 14) dialog: Either way, he was pretty blown away.
21) 16) dialog: (getting up) who?
21) 18) dialog: It’s not a vacation. It’s a learning experience. California is one of the fastest growing states. It has the largest number of electoral votes in the country. This could be an important trip for Joey.
21) 22) dialog: That’s unfair.
21) 24) dialog: What about Virginia?
21) 26) dialog: It was a tobacco farm. Hardly the same thing.
21) 28) dialog: Fuck.
21) 31) dialog: That’s a tough one. 35.
21) 33) dialog: I don’t know. Deformed kids are tough. I’m lucky. My product only makes them bald before it kills them.
21) 36) dialog: Who’s doing the segment? Donaldson or Sawyer?
21) 40) dialog: She’s going to hug them.
21) 43) dialog: Do either of you know anything about this reporter from the Post, Heather Holloway?
21) 49) dialog: It depends, whose tits? Polly smiles. Nick smiles back.
21) 51) dialog: Bobby, I think I can handle a good- looking girl reporter.
22) 0) text: One word: Burgundy. Nick walks right past the reservation desk. When he reach his regular booth, it is already occupied by HEATHER HOLLOWAY. She stands to greet Nick. Heather is everything thought she’d be... in a great skirt.
22) 2) dialog: Nick Naylor, Big Tobacco. Heather places a tape recorder on the table as she sits.
22) 4) dialog: Only if I can call you Heather.
22) 6) dialog: Nick...
22) 8) dialog: An ‘88 Margaux?
22) 10) dialog: Good? (pause for effect) It will make you believe in God. Heather smiles. It’s going to be that type of interview.
22) 13) dialog: So what is the focus of your piece?
22) 15) dialog: You want to know how I live with myself?
22) 17) dialog: I’m a mediator between two sects of society that are trying to reach an accommodation.
22) 19) dialog: Sounds like a balanced article.
22) 21) dialog: Fifty-five million American smokers, for starters or perhaps the American tobacco farmer who is constantly being treated like a drug smuggler.
22) 23) dialog: Fine people. Salt of the earth.
22) 25) dialog: You really want to know? Heather leans in with intrigue. Nick turns off her record NICK (CONT’D) Population control. Heather laughs.
22) 27) dialog: Hey, everyone’s got a mortgage to pay. Nick takes a sip of his wine.
22) 28) dialog: The Yuppie Nuremberg Defense. Puts down the wine. NICK (CONT’D) I just also happen to have an ex-wife and a son in private school. 39. Heather turns the recorder on.
22) 30) dialog: I’m sure when he gets past the overwhelming gratitude he has for his subsidized life, (they share a laugh) I’m sure he is proud of me.
22) 32) dialog: I would do everything in my power to stop him.
22) 34) dialog: He’s a minor. It’s against the law.
22) 36) dialog: Ninety-nine percent of everything that is done in the world, good or bad is done to pay a mortgage. Perhaps the world would be a better place if everyone rented.
22) 38) dialog: Oh, I rent as well.
22) 40) dialog: My son, his mother, and her boyfriend live in my house. I live in my apartment.
22) 42) dialog: Nothing impressive. It wouldn’t make the real estate section.
22) 44) dialog: You want to see my apartment?
22) 47) dialog: I have to admit, women find my job... really sexy.
22) 49) dialog: It’s kind of this bad boy in a suit thing that gets women hot, or so I’m told.
22) 51) text: INT. LIVING ROOM - NICK NAYLOR’S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATE Similar shot of the living room. Serene. Almost boring. N is fucking Heather against a large window, looking over t Washington DC skyline.
22) 52) dialog: I’m sure she finds me charming, but somewhere in the back of her head she’s thinking - half a million people a year Dangerous.
23) 9) dialog: How did you convince her?
24) 0) text: Nick and Joey ride to the airport.
26) 0) text: Nick and Joey walk towards their gate.
27) 0) text: Nick and Joey play cards.
28) 0) text: Nick does work in his laptop while Joey does homework
29) 0) text: The plane lands. The passengers applaud. Nick smiles at J who has magic in his eyes. 43.
30) 0) text: Nick and Joey descend an escalator. The first thing they is a young tanned man in a suit and shades holding a SIGN that reads “NICK NAYLOR”. This is JACK.
30) 1) dialog: (re: sign) That’s me.
30) 3) dialog: Great, Jack, this is my son Joey. We were going to rent a car.
30) 6) dialog: No thanks. Nick and Joey share a look.
30) 8) dialog: You mean, the President?
31) 2) dialog: Generous gift.
32) 0) text: Jack walks Nick and Joey past a KOI POND.
32) 2) dialog: Seven thousand, for a fish?
33) 0) text: Jack leads Nick and Joey towards the MAJOR DOORS of Jeff' office.
33) 2) dialog: There is perhaps nothing more powerful and frightening in the corporate world than a clean desk. I’m talking nothing. No papers, no pens... The man doesn’t operate his stapler. He is pure mind power. The giant doors close behind Nick and JEFF emerges like a magic trick. He is fit, tanned, and dressed head-to-toe i Italian.
33) 4) dialog: Great office.
33) 7) dialog: RAV’s?
33) 9) dialog: Oh, well, then I guess yes. That is why I’m here.
33) 12) dialog: I feel I have to ask, are you concerned at all with the health element?
33) 14) dialog: I could learn a lot from this man.
33) 15) dialog: What we need is a smoking role model. A real winner.
33) 17) dialog: on two packs a day.
33) 19) dialog: Why not?
33) 21) dialog: The future?
33) 23) dialog: Cigarettes in space?
33) 25) dialog: Wouldn’t they blow up in an all oxygen environment.
33) 27) dialog: I’d see that movie.
33) 31) dialog: Sector Sixes.
33) 33) dialog: Where do we go from here? Jeff gets up and begins walking Nick to the door.
33) 36) dialog: (shutting door) Thank you Jack.
33) 38) dialog: Where can we grab a bite? Something really, Los Angeles?
33) 40) dialog: No, no, no. Where do the people go? 49. EXT. HENRY’S TACO STAND - DAY The corner set taco stand in Los Angeles. To not know it to not have lived. Nick and Joey grabs their BURRITOS and COKES and have a s
33) 42) dialog: It’s my job. I’m a lobbyist.
33) 44) dialog: No, I just kind of figured it out.
33) 46) dialog: No, I think it requires a moral flexibility that kind of goes beyond most people.
33) 48) dialog: Well, lets say you became a lawyer, right? And, you were asked to defend a murderer. Worse than that, a child murderer. The law states that every person deserves a fair trial. Would you defend him?
33) 50) dialog: Yeah, well... So do multi-national corporations.
34) 0) text: A mix of LA youth and family sift each way down the pier Nick and Joey lean on the rail, lost in conversation.
34) 2) dialog: No, Joey. I’m never wrong.
34) 4) dialog: If it’s your job to be right. Then, you’re never wrong.
34) 6) dialog: Okay, lets say you’re defending chocolate and I’m defending vanilla. Now, if I were to say to you, vanilla is the best flavor of ice cream, you'd Say...
34) 8) dialog: Exactly. But you can’t win that argument. So, I’ll ask you: So you think chocolate is the end all and be all of ice cream, do you?
34) 10) dialog: Oh, so it’s all chocolate for you, is it?
34) 12) dialog: Well, I need more than chocolate. And for that matter, I need more than vanilla. (MORE)
34) 14) dialog: I believe we need freedom and choice when it comes to our ice cream and that, Joey Naylor. That is the definition of liberty.
34) 16) dialog: That’s what I’m talking about.
34) 18) dialog: I didn’t have to. I proved that you’re wrong. And if you’re wrong, I’m right.
34) 20) dialog: I’m not after you. (pointing to the crowded pier) I’m after them. Joey is beginning to understand.
35) 0) text: Nick and Joey ride to the crest of the Ferris Wheel, overlooking Santa Monica. They both are enjoying cones of VANILLA ICE CREAM.
35) 2) dialog: (checking his watch) Hello? INTERCUT WITH: INT. JEFF MEGALL’S OFFICE - SAME 52. Jeff sits at his desk, now wearing a KIMONO. The city lig twinkle behind him.
35) 4) dialog: Oh, hi Jeff. You’re still at the office?
35) 6) dialog: No.
35) 9) dialog: Twenty five? Usually when I buy two of something, I get a discount. What’s the extra five for?
35) 11) dialog: For this kind of money, my people will expect some very serious smoking. Can Brad Pitt blow smoke rings?
35) 13) dialog: Well, for twenty five million, we’d want smoke rings. 53.
35) 15) dialog: The Sultan of Glutan? The one who massacred and enslaved his own people? Aren’t they calling him the “Hitler of the South Pacific”?
35) 17) dialog: I better run it by my people. Jeff reads a message on his AMTEL.
35) 19) dialog: (dumbfounded ) Jeff, when do you sleep?
35) 22) dialog: Yeah, my light is blinking... (listens) Oh, okay, send it up.
35) 24) dialog: Captain, I’m sitting in front of an open briefcase... We pull around the OPEN BRIEFCASE. Inside are stacks of hundred dollar bills, drug-dealer style.
35) 25) dialog: I don’t suppose this is my raise. Nick picks up a CASH BUNDLE, examining it.
35) 27) dialog: Of course. He was the original Marlboro Man. He’s dying. He was on Sally last week. Not exactly our biggest fan.
35) 29) dialog: He’s a cowboy sir. Cowboys don’t like bribes.
35) 31) dialog: You mean we’re just giving him the money?
35) 33) dialog: No gag agreement?
35) 35) dialog: Hey, kiddo. Look, I’ve got to go and doa little more work this afternoon.
36) 0) text: Nick’s rented CHRYSLER SEBRING kicks up dust as it cuts b various ranches.
37) 0) text: Nick looks over to the passenger seat, where his son star out the window, excited. Then Nick turns to the backseat where the briefcase sits like an anchor. EXT. LORNE LUTCH’S RANCH - DAY Southern style. Broken down. Oxygen tanks on the porch. Nick pulls up in the front yard. He gets out of the car pulls out the briefcase, and steps forward. Nick stares at the house, thinking of what condition Lorn Lutch will be in. He takes in a deep breath and starts towards the porch. A few steps later, the screen door swi open, and out of the darkness comes the “chu-chink” of a shotgun. Nick freezes again.
37) 2) dialog: Do you... could I... do you have a minute? 56. Lorne emerges from the shadows, shotgun over his shoulder He’s broad and weathered. A cowboy with lung cancer.
37) 5) dialog: Joey, get back in the car. Joey freezes. Nick raises his arms.
37) 6) dialog: I just want to talk. A fly buzzes around Nick. Lorne stares him down, then loo over at Joey who is hyperventilating.
37) 12) dialog: Yeah.
37) 14) dialog: Tobacco used to be all over television. Now, TV is leading the witch hunt.
37) 16) dialog: You were great. I used to want to be you. I mean, when I was growing up. We all did.
37) 28) dialog: I’m good at it. I’m better at doing this than I ever was at doing anything else.
37) 32) dialog: Yeah, basically... (picking up the briefcase) No, not basically. That’s exactly it.
37) 34) dialog: This isn’t an offer. It’s a gift. The taxes have all been paid. You get to keep it no matter what you do. The idea is that your guilt will prevent you from bad- mouthing us.
37) 36) dialog: No. Just apologize, give you the money, and leave.
37) 38) dialog: Because this way, you’1ll take the money.
37) 40) dialog: Because you’re mad. The first thing you’1l do is call the LA Times and CNN.
37) 42) dialog: And insist on Bonnie Dalton. She does really good controlled outrage. Tell them no Bonnie, no story, watch it on MSNBC.
37) 44) dialog: When they get here, open up the case and dump all the cash out onto the floor.
37) 46) dialog: It’1l look more effective. Here, look... Nick opens the briefcase and begins to dump the MONEY ont the floor... it’s a lot of money. Joey’s eyes widen.
37) 47) dialog: (shaking the case) Don’t forget to shake every last bundle out. And if you can, you know, give a cough or two. Nick dumps the briefcase.
37) 48) dialog: Once it’s all out, you tell them what you’re going to do with it. 61.
37) 50) dialog: Donate it. Start the Lorne Lutch Cancer Foundation. You’11l have a ranch and a fair and a 5K... (aside to Lorne) The 5K is a must. (back to pitch) The TV coverage will be great...
37) 52) dialog: Whoa, Lorne, you can’t keep the money.
37) 54) dialog: What, denounce us and then keep the blood money? Look at it. Lorne looks at the pile of money. One million dollars is lot of money.
37) 56) dialog: You can’t denounce us next week. News doesn’t work that way Lorne.
37) 58) dialog: No Lorne. You either keep all the money or give it all away. Lorne looks to Nick for support. Nick has now turned off. Lorne looks back down at the money.
38) 0) text: Nick drives. Joey looks to his father with pride. The briefcase is nowhere in sight.
38) 2) dialog: You’d have to be crazy to turn down all that money. As soon as I saw he wasn’t crazy, I knew he’d take it.
38) 4) dialog: If I were him? (thinks for a second) Sure. Joey thinks for a second.
39) 8) dialog: Good evening, Larry.
40) 0) text: Nick is in the hot seat, with a monitor to watch Larry an Finistirre. Behind the camera and the crew, stands JOEY, watching his with pride.
40) 2) dialog: I’ll say this. I don’t think I will be getting my annual invitation to the Finistirre Labor Day Barbecue.
40) 7) dialog: Not as long as the Senator is calling for me to be fired. It’s not exactly a welcome invitation.
40) 11) dialog: I can’t help myself. I’m tickled by the idea of the gentleman from Vermont calling me a hypocrite. This from a man, who in one day, held a press conference where he called for the American tobacco fields to be slashed and burned. Then, jumped on a private jet. Flew down to Peru for the Eco Summit and denounced the Meed corporation for deforestation. I’m sorry, I find that funny. Joey’s smile says: My dad is one bad ass motherfucker
41) 0) text: Nick has his arms out, shoes in hand, as he is given the court press by the security.
41) 1) dialog: For once, I enjoy the overzealous security.
42) 0) text: Nick walks back from the bathroom to his seat. On his way observes each passenger, trying to discern the amount of in their eyes.
42) 1) dialog: Most people don’t want to die. Cigarette smokers included. It’s funny how many times a day people say things like, “I ought-a KILL him” or “Don’t make me KILL you.” Only with me, they are usually being serious. Nick takes his seat next to Joey in the BULKHEAD. Joey ha his feet on the color striped wall before him. A FLIGHT ATTENDANT stops at their row.
43) 0) text: Nick pushes a LUGGAGE CART. Joey walks next to him, one h on the cart. 67. Nick looks around at the even flow of people, trying to evaluate each person as they pass. You can’t be too caref EXT. JILL NAYLOR’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON Nick is parked out front in the BMW. Joey runs by his mom into the house. Jill meanwhile stare Nick and shakes her head. She evidently saw Larry King. EXT. NICK’S APARTMENT BUILDING - EVENING Nick rounds the corner and is about to pull into his gara when he notices a HOARD OF PRESS waiting for him at his f door. Cameras, lights, the whole bit. Nick immediately speeds past his building and rounds the corner.
44) 0) text: The FRONT DOOR swings open revealing Nick. A woman’s hand comes into frame and strokes his face. She then comes int frame herself and embraces him, revealing her to be HEATH
45) 0) text: Nick and Heather fuck. Meanwhile, on the TV behind them a NEWS ANCHOR speaks on mute. The image in the upper left h corner of the screen is NICK from Larry King. The caption reads LOBBYIST ON THE LOOKOUT. Heather sees Nick on TV and suddenly stops.
45) 2) dialog: You were watching TV? Heather whips Nick around.
45) 4) dialog: And they call me sick.
45) 6) dialog: This is new.
47) 2) dialog: How’s that? 70.
47) 4) dialog: . Smoking is right. The ad man smiles.
47) 7) dialog: The Captain will be pleased. (switching gears) What about these skull and crossbones they want us to put on the packs? The AD MAN pulls out a DISPLAY CARD, hidden by a sheer cl
47) 12) dialog: It’s awful. 71.
47) 15) dialog: What is it Jill? Intercut with:
48) 2) dialog: (thinks he’s in trouble) Yeah?
49) 2) dialog: What? For teaching him how to speak?
49) 4) dialog: I revel each chance I get.
49) 6) dialog: (checking) You are the one doing the security briefing? Aren’t you? INT. BERT’S RESTAURANT - DAY The MOD Squad at their regular table.
49) 7) dialog: I told him I don’t need body guards. I’m a man of the people.
49) 12) dialog: (patronizing) I don’t think people who work for the alcoholic beverage industry have to worry about being kidnapped, just yet. All movement stops. Polly stares Nick down.
49) 14) dialog: Look, nothing personal, but tobacco generates a little more heat than alcohol.
49) 16) dialog: My product puts away 475 thousand a year...
49) 18) dialog: Okay, 435 thousand, that’s twelve hundred a day. How many alcohol related deaths a year? A hundred thousand, tops? Two hundred seventy something a day? Well wow- wee. Two hundred and seventy people. Oh, the tragedy. Excuse me if I don’t exactly see terrorists getting excited enough to kidnap anyone from the alcohol industry.
49) 20) dialog: How many gun deaths a year in the US, Bobby Jay? 74.
49) 22) dialog: Eleven thousand? You’ve got to be kidding me? Thirty a day. That’s less than passenger car mortalities. No terrorist would bother with either of you. Nick goes back to his food. A long silence follows. Nick realizes that he’s shoved a little too hard.
49) 23) dialog: Look, this is a stupid argument.
49) 25) dialog: I’m sure both of you warrant vigilante justice.
49) 29) dialog: Yeah, or I’1l be dead.
50) 0) text: Nick walks away from Bert’s. He goes to get in his BMW, w a VAN screeches to a halt beside him. 75. Nick looks up, but it’s too late. The VAN DOOR slides ope and he is yanked into the opening as the wheels peel out. INT. KIDNAPPER’S MINI-VAN - DAY Nick is immediately tackled to the ground by two hooded m The two men BLINDFOLD Nick, then HANDCUFF him.
50) 1) dialog: Wait... huh... let’s talk! The two men proceed to swiftly cut off Nick’s clothes wit RAZORS, leaving only his undershorts.
50) 2) dialog: Wo, wo, wo!... Can we get a dialogue going here? No answer. Then, a voice breaks the silence. A friendly voice, actua Saturday morning cartoon friendly. It could be Mr. Rogers
50) 4) dialog: Can we talk about this? Usually, they let you know why they’re kidnapping you. That’s kind of the whole point.
50) 6) dialog: There’s no data to support that.
51) 0) text: The Kidnapper’s MINI-VAN flies by. 76. INT. KIDNAPPER’S MINI-VAN - DAY The two men in hoods pull out cardboard BOXES. From the b they pull little PACKAGES. One man opens a package, pulls something white, then SLAPS it down on Nick’s CHEST, wher sticks like a band-aid. Then the other man does the same. two men start covering Nick’s entire body with these litt white stickers...
51) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
51) 6) dialog: Look, I think it’s perfectly legitimate that nonsmokers feel they’re entitled to breathe smoke-free air. Our industry has been working hand in hand...
51) 8) dialog: My industry does forty-eight billion a year in revenue.
51) 11) dialog: I would guess that you could start by asking for five million and work your way up from there.
51) 14) dialog: Well, what do you want? I mean, I’m all ears, here.
52) 0) text: Two US Park Policemen are looking over the pond, when Nic stumbles out from behind a tree, still naked and covered nicotine patches. He falls into the reflection pool. The two US Officers run up to Nick and begin to yank him they do, we notice for the first time a sign around his n Executed for Crimes Against Humanity NICK’S POV: The two Policemen stand over him. 78.
53) 9) dialog: Perhaps a bad choice of inflection? Is she inferring that I could have just as easily, not? Without waiting a beat, the nurse grabs the BED REMOTE an presses the up button, lifting Nick into the seated posit Waiting before him is a line of familiar people. As the Romper Room lady would say, I see... BOBBY JAY, POLLY, JOEY, GIZELLE, BR, a DOCTOR, the NURSES and right in the middle is a BIG SCREEN TV, on which is a live image of the CAPTAIN in his own hospital bed. They a just stare silently, then Joey runs up and hugs his dad.
53) 12) dialog: What happened? The doctor breaks from the group, and takes to Nick’s sid 80.
53) 14) dialog: Can I quote you on that?
53) 16) dialog: Captain, where are you?
53) 19) dialog: Don’t get dramatic on me, doc.
53) 21) dialog: No problem. I’ve quit before. I did during the pregnancy and the divorce. How long, you think?
53) 26) dialog: Well, this just goes to prove what I’ve been saying for a long time: These nicotine patches are just deadly. Smoking... saved my life.
53) 28) dialog: I think now more than ever, it is imperative that I be present. Nothing will keep me from testifying. We pull out from the image, revealing we are in... INT. SENATOR FINISTIRRE’S OFFICE - DAY FINISTIRRE and RON Goode from the Oprah show watch in pai
53) 46) dialog: I don’t know. For the first time, I’m thinking these cigarettes are pretty dangerous. Polly smiles. Meanwhile, Bobby Jay reaches into his inner Vest pocket, pulls out a small PISTOL, and begins to hide in Nick’s wheel chair
53) 52) dialog: (to Bobby Jay) You’re going to make a great father. Everyone is smiling at this, when two men in OVERCOATS ap out of nowhere.
54) 0) text: The entire Spin Control team waits at the front door for Nick’s arrival. Nick enters and they erupt like Times Squ on V-Day. BR steps forward and raises Nick’s arm into the air. They cheer again.
54) 2) dialog: Who’s got a smoke? Twenty ARMS fly forward, all offering different brands. N takes a cigarette from BR and lights up. As he attempts t inhale however, his legs buckle under him, and he falls t the ground. He’s out cold.
54) 6) dialog: I’m functioning.
54) 8) dialog: Not necessary.
54) 10) dialog: I’ll be fine. BR begins to leave, then stops for something.
54) 12) dialog: Really? 86.
54) 14) dialog: Yes. The Lung Association. Apparently, they have it in for us. BR nods and leaves. The second the door closes, Nick grabs the phone, dials, cups the phone in secrecy. HEATHER’S SERVICE You’ve reached Heather Holloway at the Washington Post. I am unavailable. Please leave a message.
54) 15) dialog: Heather, it’s Nick. Really miss you... Listen, I heard your article. The one on tobacco and me... well, that it’s going to print, tomorrow. That’s great. I’d love to read it or talk to you... Just see how it turned out. You should call me, so I can read it, on my cell phone. Or at work. They can patch you through. And the other night was just great. We must do it again. But I’m really eager to see what you wrote. Really.
55) 0) text: Nick steps out.
55) 1) dialog: (to Gizelle) You can forward all calls to my cell.
55) 3) dialog: Yes, exactly like always. INT. BERT’S RESTAURANT - DAY The MOD squad sits but does not eat.
55) 5) dialog: Really. what did they want?
55) 8) dialog: No, I mean, if anything, in passing.
55) 14) dialog: Look, she’s really a nice girl.
55) 17) dialog: You can do that?
55) 19) dialog: Call me as soon as you’ve got something. 88. INT. NICK’S BMW - DAY Nick drives through traffic, dialing his CELL PHONE. HEATHER’S SERVICE You’ve reached Heather Holloway at the Washington Post. I am unavailable. Please leave a message. Nick ends the call.
56) 0) text: Nick waits as a fax comes through. An assistant is about enter, when she sees Nick and moves on. Nick picks it up and begins to read. Through his eyes, we his heart drop. As he continues to read down the first column, we...
57) 0) text: A man steps outside in his BATHROBE. He walks to the bott of the driveway and picks up the morning paper. The front page headline reads: NICK NAYLOR’S SMOKESCREEN I do it for the mortgage!
58) 1) dialog: Nick Naylor, lead spokesman for big tobacco, would have you believe he thinks cigarettes are harmless...
59) 1) dialog: But really, he’s doing it for the mortgage... 89.
62) 4) dialog: Heather.
62) 7) dialog: Heather, there is a lot of information in here, that is... off the record.
62) 9) dialog: I presumed, anything said while I was inside you was considered privileged.
62) 11) dialog: Wait a second. You used me?
62) 13) dialog: (confusion) You used me.
62) 15) dialog: How could you do this to me?
62) 17) dialog: That bitch.
62) 19) dialog: I’1l work up a rebuttal. Heather Holloway isn’t the only reporter at the Post. 92.
62) 21) dialog: You can’t pull me from the hearing. All you'll be doing is giving credence to her article. I am ready to testify.
62) 24) dialog: And I assume you’ve already run this by the Captain?
63) 0) text: Nick is at the ticket agent’s desk.
64) 0) text: A FLIGHT ATTENDANT pushes the DRINK CART past Nick, hitti his knee. Nick looks for an apology, but nothing follows. Nick looks up and finds the permanently lit NON-SMOKING S 93.
65) 0) text: A large crowd has gathered to see a local hero be buried. Very formal. All black. No grey. Nick stands alone in the crowd. A waiter from the Tobacco Club steps forward and places a JULEP on the Casket as it is lowered into the ground.
66) 0) text: Nick’s flight touches down... roughly. INT. NICK’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Nick slumps into his apartment. We hear the answering machine playing, as a “Baretta” Marathon shows on television in the background.
66) 12) dialog: Who is it?
66) 14) dialog: Oh, Jill, this is a bad time... I’m trying to find that kung fu spot that kills a human body instantaneously.
66) 16) dialog: (thinks a beat) No.
66) 18) dialog: (to Joey) There’s a coke in the fridge. Joey runs past his father to the kitchen. Jill takes a st forward, then stops next to Nick.
66) 20) dialog: Yeah, she’s pretty hot.
66) 22) dialog: (without flinching) Who wants to be human?
66) 26) dialog: You’re too young to understand.
66) 28) dialog: Well, that’s one theory.
66) 30) dialog: It has something to with being generally hated right now.
66) 32) dialog: It’s more complicated than that.
66) 35) dialog: Sultan of spin?
66) 37) dialog: And right there, looking into Joey’s eyes, it all came back in a rush... Why I do what I do...
67) 0) text: UNBATHED TEENAGERS with “ideals” are protesting behind barricades. Nick passes through the shouting crowd with a calm smile on his face, unflinching, as people hurl insul and rocks towards police in riot gear.
67) 1) dialog: Defending the defenseless... Protecting the disenfranchised corporations that have been abandoned by their very own consumers...
67) 5) dialog: The logger. A LOGGER - about to cut down the last tree in an acre of stumps. He poses with his chainsaw and smiles to camera.
67) 7) dialog: The sweat shop foreman. A SWEAT SHOP FOREMAN smiling with his clipboard as countl children make shoes in the background.
67) 9) dialog: The oil driller. An OIL DRILLER and his SON smiling as the drilling mechan behind them bores into the Pacific Ocean floor.
67) 11) dialog: The land mine developer. A LAND MINE DEVELOPER presenting a newly designed land mi to his underlings. They all look up and smile.
67) 13) dialog: The baby seal poacher. A SEAL PELT TRADER holding a beaten baby seal, looks up a smiles.
67) 17) dialog: Okay, you’re missing the point.
67) 19) dialog: I’m getting to that. Look, you two are basically my only friends. The last thing I ever wanted to do was hurt either of you. I can only imagine how the two of you must have felt... Bobby Jay cracks a smile. Nick stops in question of the l
67) 20) dialog: (to Bobby Jay) Why are you smiling? (immediately to Polly) Why is he smiling?
67) 23) dialog: That goes against everything we stand for.
67) 26) dialog: Only after you created a betting pool, testing my incompetence. If anything, I thought we had mutual professional courtesy. 99.
67) 28) dialog: I know both of you are probably under a lot of scrutiny...
67) 31) dialog: That’s disgusting.
67) 34) dialog: I was kind of looking forward to it too. It’s kind of cool in a Jimmy Stewart sort of way.
67) 37) dialog: Oh, please. I could have taken him. 100.
67) 39) dialog: I don’t know... Nick is mesmerized by the sizzling cheese on Bobby Jay’s
67) 40) dialog: ...I think I’d just like him to feel immeasurable pain and humiliation.
67) 42) dialog: (compliments Bobby Jay) Good one. Nick thinks a little more.
67) 46) dialog: To all the people who were mentioned in the recent newspaper article, please take comfort in knowing that I will not rest until your names are cleared. This experience has taught me an important lesson: Having sexual affairs with members of the press is just unfair. Not unfair to me mind you, but to all the people in my life whose only crime is knowing me. (MORE)
67) 48) dialog: It was your names, not mine, that suffered from my entertaining of a meaningless affair with a seductress in the form of a young blond Washington Post reporter, whose name I won’t mention because I... have dignity. Finistirre simply grunts at this.
67) 49) dialog: There have been wide accusations of me dropping out from tomorrow’s senate sub- committee. Let it be known, that unless Senator Finistirre has withdrawn my invitation to speak...
67) 51) dialog: it is my plan to be present in Congress tomorrow to share my knowledge of Big Tobacco and all those who enjoy its products. Thank you for your time. See you tomorrow. As Nick steps away from the podium on TV, we turn around find Finistirre who stares at the television, feeling eve bit challenged. As we get closer, a phone rings in the background. Then a second line rings... A third. The Senator looks to his desk, where his phone’s many lin are all blinking. He goes to his desk, and pulls out a sheet that reads:
69) 0) text: From a limo window, we see the press quickly approaching, all we hear is the sound of an on-coming wave. As the pre hits the car, the wave sound crashes as if hitting a beac Inside the car are a very shocked Nick, Bobby Jay, and Po
71) 0) text: Nick and Polly walk through the metal detector. Bobby Jay tries to walk through, but sets off the machine.
74) 5) dialog: Let it be known, the public beating has not gone out of style.
76) 3) dialog: My name is Nick Naylor. I live at the Watergate. I am currently unemployed, but until recently, I was the Vice President of the Academy of Tobacco Studies.
76) 5) dialog: I informed the public of all the research performed in the investigation on the effects of tobacco.
76) 7) dialog: Well, many things actually. Why just the other day, they uncovered evidence that smoking can offset Parkinson's disease.
76) 9) dialog: Conglomerated Tobacco.
76) 11) dialog: For the most part, yes.
76) 13) dialog: No. Just as I’m sure campaign contributions don’t affect yours. Senator LOTHRIDGE from Washington pipes in, to break it u
76) 15) dialog: Yes. 106. Finistirre looks up in astonishment as the whole room sud bustles with energy. Polly and Bobby Jay exchange glances
76) 16) dialog: In fact, I think you’d be hard pressed to find someone who really believes that cigarettes are not potentially harmful. (turns to audience) I mean, show of hands...
76) 18) dialog: I’m sorry, I just don’t see the point in a warning label for something people already know. Senator DUPREE from Michigan joins in.
76) 20) dialog: Well, if we want to remind people of danger, why don’t we slap a skull and crossbones on all Boeing Airplanes, Senator Lothridge... We notice for the first time, Lothridge’s name plate says WASHINGTON.
76) 21) dialog: and all Fords, Senator Dupree. Dupree’s name plate says (R) MICHIGAN.
76) 23) dialog: Oh, this from a Senator who calls Vermont, home. Finistirre raises an eyebrow. 107.
76) 25) dialog: Well the real demonstrated number-one killer in America is cholesterol. Still stares. Nick continues.
76) 26) dialog: And here comes Senator Finistirre, whose fine state is, I regret to say, clogging the nation’s arteries with Vermont cheddar cheese. If you want to talk numbers, how about the millions of people dying of heart attacks. Perhaps Vermont cheddar should come with a skull and crossbones.
76) 29) dialog: Gentlemen, it’s called education. It doesn’t come off the side of a cigarette carton. It comes from our teachers and more importantly our parents. It is every parents’ job to warn their children of all the dangers of the world, including cigarettes. So one day, when they get older, they can make an educated choice. Not to be corny, but that is what this country is supposed to be all about. Some say it takes a village to raise a child. I disagree. It takes two parents. And sometimes, just one. Nick looks back at his son. 108.
76) 30) dialog: I look at my son today, and I can’t help think of myself as responsible for his growth and his development. And I’m proud of that.
76) 32) dialog: Of course not, he’s not eighteen. That would be illegal.
76) 35) dialog: If he really wants a cigarette... I’1l buy him his first pack. Joey smiles proudly. Finistirre rocks back.
77) 0) text: Nick, now surrounded by REPORTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS, ADMIRER and DETRACTORS, tries to make his way outside. Somehow, t crowd separates momentarily and BR squeezes in next to Ni
77) 2) dialog: Were you in the same room as me?
77) 4) dialog: That’s great news for you guys.
77) 6) dialog: What about, “damage control”? Nick and BR stop at the MAIN DOORS. The crowd still surrounding them.
78) 0) text: Nick and his son Joey stand on the main steps, surrounded reporters. Joey looks to his dad with pride.
78) 4) dialog: (smiles, then...) Smoking is a personal freedom that is enjoyed by countless Americans, and although I cannot smoke anymore due to my injurious kidnapping, I believe in protecting all freedoms... Meanwhile, as Nick continues, we take a look at JOEY. He’ proud of his dad. So proud, that he opens a pack of MARLB REDS and pulls out a cigarette. He takes it between his fingers and raises it to his twelve year old LIPS. Out of the corner of Nick’s eye, he sees his son about to onto a cigarette. And before Nick can stop himself, his a whips down and SLAPS the cigarette out of his son’s mouth We see this repeat through the eyes of the cameras:
78) 10) dialog: My father gave me one word of advice before he died: Prioritize. FADE OUT.
78) 11) dialog: So, what happens to a guy a like me? I know what you’re probably thinking... Close of a PAIR OF LOAFERS standing on the ledge of a skyscraper. One foot steps out over the edge, then FREEZE
78) 12) dialog: No, nothing like that. In fact, not much has changed.
79) 1) dialog: The MOD squad still meets every week. We find Nick, Bobby Jay, and Polly sitting in the stands. Joey catches a long fly ball in right field. The MOD squa screams in celebration as Joey’s team runs to the dugout.
80) 1) dialog: Senator Finistirre is still fighting for his causes. Finistirre is interviewed by a plastic HOLLYWOOD INTERVIE
81) 1) dialog: Even Heather is still reporting. Heather and a CAMERA MAN for some expose show stand outsi New York BROWNSTONE. Sean Penn steps out the front door.
82) 0) text: Nick is lost in his thoughts.
82) 1) dialog: Not much changes at all.
82) 3) dialog: You were able to knock the spotted owl off of the endangered species list?
82) 5) dialog: Wow, I can finally go kill myself a spotted owl.
82) 7) dialog: Nothing changes at all. Even at my new job...
83) 0) text: Nick faces three GENTLEMEN in nice suits.
83) 1) dialog: So, be straight with me. Is it true? Obvious embarrassment and confusion around the table.
83) 5) dialog: Look, gentlemen. Practice these words in front of a mirror: ‘Although we are constantly exploring the subject, currently, there is no direct evidence that links cell phone usage to brain cancer.’ The gentlemen smile to each other. They’ve found their ma Push into Nick. He looks straight at camera and smiles.
83) 6) dialog: Michael Jordan plays ball. Charles Manson kills people. I talk.
83) 8) dialog: Everyone has a talent.