1) 1) dialog: Uh ... Sometimes I feel as isolated as the city in which I live. There’s so much loneliness, heartache, despair INT. PSYCHOLOGIST’S OFFICE - DAY. BASIL, thirty, bespectacled and scruffy, is slumped ina chair. SEYMOUR, a decrepit, eighty-year-old shrink, sits nearby. He’s barely conscious.
1) 2) dialog: disappointment, broken dreams, emptiness, futility. A long pause. Seymour summons all his strength to speak.
1) 4) dialog: “We all have turning points in our lives”? A hundred and seventy seven dollars just for that? Who does he think he is? The guy wouldn’t look out-of-place in a morgue. INT. TRAIN - DAY. Basil sits on his own, looking lost.
1) 6) dialog: And then everything changed. INT. CRAMPED OFFICE - DAY. Basil sits at a computer, his eyes glued to the screen.
1) 7) dialog: My favourite pornstar had put on an excessive amount of weight overnight. She was barely recognisable. His eyes widen and mouth drops open in shock.
1) 8) dialog: One moment, she’s a spirited nymph, casually committing the most sacred of human acts for the world to see. Next, she’s a freak show curiosity confined to “More Cushion for the Pushin” dot com. INT. TRAIN - DAY. Basil sits on his own, completely bewildered.
1) 9) dialog: Her change affected me in a way I couldn’t fully understand. Never before did I feel so confident, so focussed. He sits up straight, smooths his shirt and looks more determined.
1) 10) dialog: Never before did I have so great a sense of entitlement. INT. FLORIST'S SHOP - DAY. MIA, cute, early twenties, works behind the counter. Basil watches her through the shop window.
1) 11) dialog: Her name was Mia. I guess there wasn't much point in sending her flowers. Having served a customer, she returns to a stool and reads a book titled "History of Ballet” with interest. INT. PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY. Basil takes a copy of the same book from a shelf.
1) 12) dialog: I'd always considered her out of my reach. Well ... until now. INT. FLORIST'S SHOP - DAY. Basil stands at the counter with a nice arrangement of flowers. Mia removes a price tag.
1) 14) dialog: Well, actually I've just broken up with her. But I want her to know she was special. I'm not a heartbreaker.
1) 17) dialog: What a coincidence.
1) 19) dialog: “The Rake’s Progress” is in town next week.
1) 21) dialog: You need to find a scalper. He picks up his flowers, offers a brief smile and abruptly departs. Mia watches after him. EXT. FLORIST'S SHOP - DAY. Basil rounds a corner and dumps the flowers in a bin.
1) 22) dialog: Of course, I was the one who needed to find a scalper. And like all real men, I loathed the ballet. INT. CRAMPED OFFICE - DAY. Back in his office, he studies the book with frustration.
1) 23) dialog: Now some might disapprove of me being so deceptive. INT. LIVING ROOM, FAMILY HOUSE - FLASHBACK. An angry MOTHER with a basket of washing confronts a nervous FATHER. She thrusts a business shirt at him and points to lipstick on the collar.
1) 24) dialog: But I grew up watching my father lie to my mother. Hey, it worked for him. He manages to calm her down. A five-year-old Basil, wearing the same spectacles he has as an adult, looks on. INT. FLORIST'S SHOP - DAY. Basil stands with Mia. She has a broom in one hand and a ticket in the other.
1) 25) dialog: Only if you want to. We'd bought the tickets a month ago, when we were together.
1) 27) dialog: Is that alright? He waits for what seems like forever.
1) 29) dialog: (smiles) Sure. Shouldn't be a problem. EXT. BEAT - DAY. Basil nervously walks through a seedy alley and down stairs that lead beneath street level.
1) 30) dialog: So I thought. Until she told me her friend was looking for a man's man with an interest in S&M. INT. BEAT - DAY. Basil stands amongst half a dozen muscular men, all in tight leather clothing. They tower over him.
1) 31) dialog: It's just for Valentine's. One night only. VICTOR, mid forties, is dressed as a construction worker
1) 33) dialog: It's not for me, it's for a friend.
1) 37) dialog: I assure you, it's not for me.
1) 40) dialog: Here's his number. Thanks. He gives him a scrap of paper and pushes past them.
1) 41) dialog: So Mia's Italian guest spent the evening with the Village People. EXT. HIS MAJESTY'S THEATRE - NIGHT. Basil and Mia, in formal attire, approach the building.
1) 42) dialog: And I spent the evening with her. INT. CAFE - NIGHT. Basil and Mia at a table, clearly enjoying each other's company. The rest of the cafe is empty.
1) 43) dialog: I can't believe he walked away from such a good woman. Or danced away.
1) 45) dialog: I don't know many men who'd marry a bearded lady! They laugh. A WAITER approaches.
2) 0) text: A small child approaches a large swan. An elderly jogger pushes himself to the limit. Basil and Mia sit ona bench with sandwiches.
2) 1) dialog: Everything okay?
2) 3) dialog: You're a little withdrawn. Mia takes her time to respond.
2) 7) dialog: Well that's as blunt as a... punch in the nose.
2) 9) dialog: What are you looking for? It's Mia's turn to force a laugh.
2) 11) dialog: I really don't like ballet -
2) 13) dialog: It's nothing my psychologist can't get me over.
2) 15) dialog: No, I was joking.
2) 17) dialog: Stop apologising. I understand. I reject good people all the time.
2) 19) dialog: Well, yeah. I work for the government film funding body.
2) 21) dialog: Of course! Mia hugs him. The large swan chases the small boy. The elderly jogger comes to a stop, about to collapse. Mia looks relieved, Basil, crushed. INT. PSYCHOLOGIST’S OFFICE - DAY. Basil sits with the decrepit shrink once more.
2) 23) dialog: You said that last time! Do you not have anything else to add? KEVIN PENKIN: "GYPSY COIN". INT. BASIL'S FLAT - DAY. Basil is slumped on his couch, a random TELEVISION documentary playing in front of him. 10.
3) 0) text: Basil and Mia walk HOWARD, an ugly dog.
3) 1) dialog: I never had a father. Growing up, I didn't have anyone to teach me how to ... be a man. Masculine.
3) 3) dialog: It's been tough.
3) 5) dialog: Really? Maybe we should introduce your Dad to my Mum? She laughs at the crazy idea. EXT. BEAT - DAY. Basil speaks with Victor as he emerges from the seedy club.
3) 6) dialog: Are you a genuine construction worker or is that just a costume for your role playing?
3) 8) dialog: Is there any chance you might take on a volunteer assistant? 11. INT. LIVING ROOM, MIA'S FLAT - DAY. Basil and Mia sit on the couch with cups of coffee. Howard watches Basil with suspicion.
3) 10) dialog: You must! INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - DAY. Basil and Mia pass the menswear department. Mia pulls a flannelette shirt from a rack and holds it up against Basil, judging its size. EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY. Men at work on the frame of a house. Basil, dressed in the flannelette shirt, is having trouble building a frame for a much smaller structure. Victor approaches.
3) 12) dialog: Building a dog kennel. Victor inspects the workmanship. It's laughably bad.
3) 13) dialog: I'll come and work on the house in a minute.
3) 16) dialog: I wish I could say I built it. Truth is, I picked it up second hand. Just gave it a fresh coat of paint. Is it alright? She kisses his cheek.
3) 19) dialog: I'd get food caught in it. I am who Iam. I'm sorry if you don't like that. INT. LIVING ROOM, MIA'S FLAT - DAY. Basil, Mia and the dog, dressed in football colours, sit on the couch and watch a game. While Mia is wildly enthusiastic, Basil looks like he'd rather be elsewhere. 13. INT. FLORIST'S SHOP - DAY. Basil is joking with CASSIE, another shop assistant. Mia arrives and looks at Basil with disapproval. EXT. FLORIST'S SHOP - DAY. Basil and Mia walk along.
3) 21) dialog: She wasn't flirting.
3) 23) dialog: We were just talking.
3) 25) dialog: I don't know. Random stuff. How backward Western Australia is without daylight saving.
3) 27) dialog: "Giselle"?
3) 29) dialog: Of course. 14. EXT. HIS MAJESTY'S THEATRE - NIGHT. The cultured, well-dressed, upper class arrive. INT. STAGE - NIGHT. Innocent Giselle dances with the deceitful Albrecht. INT. FOYER - NIGHT. CLAUDETTE, fifty, stands with Mia. On the other side of the foyer, Basil is the centre of attention. He talks with Mia's friends enthusiastically. Claudette watches.
3) 34) dialog: Hey. She smiles. Basil is not as warm. Mia rubs his arm.
3) 35) dialog: What are we doing?
3) 37) dialog: You're a very interesting person. But I don't have any of the feelings I usually get that distinguish a lover from a friend. Mia laughs, not taking him seriously.
3) 39) dialog: I'm not. Her smile drops.
3) 40) dialog: I'm sorry. But I don't like leaving things unsaid. I prefer girls who aren't so ... fickle.
3) 42) dialog: I guess I'm just a bit of a puzzle, really. Basil pulls an expression of mock confusion, clearly enjoying quoting her. Mia's anger mounts. 16.
3) 44) dialog: (dismissive) Yeah, I’ve heard that before. She slaps him hard in the face, pounds her fists against his chest and throws his wallet and keys in the direction of the door.
3) 46) dialog: (insincere) But ... I'd really love to be friends. EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAY. The train pulls away from the platform.
3) 47) dialog: We all have turning points in our lives. I was now at a stage where I'd live by my wits and trust my luck. INT. TRAIN - DAY. Basil sits on his own, looking smug. He toys with the crumpled napkin bearing Samantha's number.
3) 48) dialog: Sure, what I had done to Mia was selfish, heartless, despicable. A smile lifts the corners of his mouth.
3) 49) dialog: And for the first time in my life - CUT TO BLACK. The sound of the accelerating train.
3) 50) dialog: I felt like a man.