125) 0) text: Three Comachos; Pompas, Efren, and ANGEL, search for Dian
134) 0) text: The green flourescents of the "Emerald City" give a death cast to the underground street as Diana rounds the corner and collapses against the wall. Her heart pounding like a frightened deer, she has run as far as she can. Pompas Comacho and two of his colleagues come racing arou the corner. They spot her crouched against the wall. She starts to SCREAM but Angel grabs her by the collar an pulls her up to his face and she stops, wide-eyed with te as he touches her throat with his knife.
134) 4) text: The boys put their hands up, but Eddie doesn't see the th SAMO, coming up behind him. Angel grabs Diana by the hair, shielding himself, and sta backing up the stairs that lead to the street.
134) 6) text: Samo jumps Eddie, and the gun goes flying. It hits the  pavement and bounces off the high curb into the street. In a staggering blur Eddie takes out the Comachos, kickin the last one end over end. But Angel and the girl have  disappeared to the street above. Eddie retrieves his gun and runs up the steps.
135) 0) text: With a knife at her side, Angel Comacho leads Diana up th steps of the old el station. They pass through the turnst out onto the platform just as the train pulls to in. Ange forces her onto the train. Eddie comes pounding up the steps and onto the platform j in time to stop the closing train door with his foot.
136) 0) text: Eddie wedges his way aboard and the train pulls out. The  passengers looks at him like he's crazy. Eddie works his way through the cars toward the rear. Angel spots him. Knife still in hand, he pulls Diana from car to car past the terrified passengers until finally he cornered at the end of the train. Angel searches frantica for a way out. Eddie enters. Diana sees him.
136) 1) dialog: Another step, and I take her head  off.
136) 3) text: Eddie takes another step. Diana slams her elbow into Angel's groin, and breaks free Angel jumps back. He breaks open the rear door and climbs out.
137) 0) text: Angel climbs up the back of the car onto the roof. Eddie's right behind him. The spectacular pursuit from car to car on the roof of th speeding el train is witnessed by startled second-floor  secretaries whose desks look directly out at the roof of passing cars.
137) 1) text: Angel and Eddie's figures appear as specks, roaring throu the canyon of skyscrapers.
139) 0) text: Dozens of startled pedestrians line the bridge railing as Eddie swims toward Angel, bobbing in the middle of the st A hotdogger in a speedboat is racing up the river and Ang is directly in his path. The skipper, showing off for his passengers, doesn't notice him until he hears the sickeni THUNK under the keel. The boat's wake is suddenly red wit blood.