6) 0) text: At the corner in a beat up Pontiac are officers MUSIC and BRENNAN. The two rough looking detectives follow Doc's ca through half closed eyes. They also HEAR Spider's TRANSMITTER. The quality of the  reception improves as Spider and his antennae clear the s support structure of the el platform.
14) 5) dialog: (from radio) What's going on in the ballpark?
15) 0) text: A painter's van passes Brennan's Pontiac and parks in fro of the building half way up the block.
16) 2) dialog: Going to work asshole. What do you  think.
16) 4) dialog: They got a hardass for a boss. Like  us.
17) 0) text: As Music and Brennan watch from their car, the four paint get out of their truck, unpack their ladders and tools, a begin to carry their equipment into the building next doo to the stakeout.
29) 0) text: Brennan, Music and Kobas are now on their way, using park cars to cover their advance toward the front door of the  Comacho building.
40) 0) text: Music, Brennan, and Kobas rush the front door of the Coma building, and enter.
53) 0) text: The two Comacho lookouts who survived the raid, Efren and Pompas, have been brought in for questioning. The  interrogation is taking place in a small room. Officers Brennan and Music are here with Eddie. The Comachos sit silent as stones.
53) 2) text: Efren stares ahead. Music looks at Eddie who is fiddling  with the Rubic's Cube, to little success. Brennan takes Music's place. He kicks Pompas' chair hard.
53) 3) dialog: Talk you hemorrhoid!
53) 5) dialog: You wanna tune-up? Hey Sarge, you  know why a Comacho's like a cue-ball?  Cause the harder you hit 'em, the  better their English gets.
53) 6) text: It's not a joke, but a threat. Pompas spits at Brennan.  Brennan is enraged, but Eddie pushes him back with a hand Eddie faces the Comachos.
90) 0) text: Brennan and a couple of buddies approach Kosalas as he ti his gym shoes. Brennan is carrying a petition. He hands i to Kosalas and looks around the room. He spots another co Cragie is in the background putting on his jacket.
90) 1) dialog: (shouts across the  room) Hey, Mahoney. I want you to help me  get some signatures on this letter  for Cragie.
90) 2) text: Brennan looks down at Kosalas who is hesitating. Kosalas  looks back at Cragie. There eyes meet. He signs. Cragie comes by and slaps him on the back.
92) 10) text: Eddie grins. Brennan comes up to Donato, and hands him the petition. D signs quickly.
92) 13) dialog: Hey, Cusack. How about taking the  gloves off long enough to sign this  for Cragie.
92) 15) dialog: You bet.
92) 17) dialog: (angry) What the fuck's the matter with you?
92) 20) dialog: Get off your high horse, Cusack. He  made a couple of mistakes, OK. The  guy was a hero. What the fuck does a  bunch of civilians know about comin'  up some shithouse stairway day after  day, scared outta your shorts.
92) 21) text: PUNCH! With a whirling kick, Eddie knocks the mit right o of the Howard's hand, and across the gym. Eddie turns to face Brennan, nose to nose.
92) 23) text: Eddie goes back to punching. Brennan storms out.
94) 0) text: Brennan and Music are following the procession. Brennan i on the radio.
98) 0) text: Brennan and Music bring up the rear in their ummarked car
164) 3) dialog: Seems to me the man's got his tongue  stuck to his asshole, Cragie.
172) 0) text: Music is standing on a streetcorner talking to a couple o hookers. Down the street, Brennan waits in their unmarked car.
173) 2) text: Brennan picks up the mike.
173) 3) dialog: (to mike) Ten-four, Dispatch. Unit 1463  responding.
173) 5) dialog: I could use a cup of coffee.
210) 0) text: Kosalas enters. The place is in chaos. He joins the crowd gathered in the center of the facility. Brennan and Cragi are here. So is Music. Commander Kates has just arrived.
210) 2) dialog: Cusack made off with a truckload of  armour.
228) 0) text: The pier is crawling with cops with more arriving every  second. A fire boat is extinguishing the blaze set by the Prowler incendiary ammunition. The bodies of the Comachos lying everywhere astound the  arriving "Home Team." Officer Kosalas screeches to a halt and jumps from his ca Brennan and Music are running down the dock. Donato, a ca on his leg, hobbles after them.