8) 0) text: Two cops are against the wall separating the cemetery fro the El. CRAGIE, a weathered twenty-five year veteran; and NICK KOSALAS, the new kid on the team. Cragie sits on a c with a styrofoam cup of coffee. Kosalas is trying to maneuver his cup lid off, and still  hold on to his walkie-talkie.
8) 3) text: Cragie pulls a pint of whiskey from his pocket and sweete his coffee with a healthy shot. He notices Kosalas, who h set down the thermos and is nervously moving from leg to  leg.
8) 4) dialog: Have a shot, kid. A little nerve  tonic.
8) 6) text: Cragie grins and raises his cup to drink. His hand shakes and he has to steady it with the other. The RADIO CRACKLES.
14) 0) text: Cragie is watching over the wall with his binoculars. He  looks back at Kosalas, who is hopping from foot to foot.
14) 1) dialog: If you gotta take a leak, do it now.
14) 3) dialog: Sure you can. It's called diversionary  tactics.
14) 4) text: Cragie laughs and swigs straight from the bottle. The RAD CRACKLES.
25) 2) text: Cragie is using the crate to climb the wall. He is up and over, and falls to the ground on the other side. He's sti trying to get to his feet when Kosalas comes over. They start running, yanking their guns out.
42) 0) text: Cragie and Kosalas brace themselves on each side of the r door to the Painters' building. Cragie is white with fear Kosalas kicks in the door. They enter.
45) 0) text: Heart pounding, Cragie leads Kosalas blindly up the darke steps.
46) 0) text: A door opens behind Cragie. He whirls and FIRES into the  darkness. The riddled body of a Mexican teenager, eyes wide with sh pitches into the hall. Kosalas, down the hallway, hugs the wall, petrified.
46) 2) dialog: It's O.K. I got the sonovabitch.
46) 3) text: Kosalas creeps ahead, gun drawn, just in time to see Crag pull a small handgun from his pocket and lay it in the bo hand. Cragie looks up at Kosalas and their eyes meet.
49) 0) text: Cragie, kneeling over the body, looks at Kosalas eyeball eyeball. SCREAMS come from within the boy's apartment.
49) 1) dialog: (yelling into the  apartment) Police! Stay where you are!
49) 2) text: They HEAR FOOTSTEPS pounding up the front stairs. Cragie Kosalas look up. Eddie appears at the front of the hall, gun drawn. He see the boy on the hallway floor. He approaches cautiously, taking in the body, the gun, Cr sitting against the wall, and the distraught Kosalas who  stands transfixed by the dead kid. Eddie goes to Kosalas.
49) 4) dialog: The kid didn't dust him. I did.
49) 5) text: Eddie looks at Cragie.
49) 6) dialog: Him or me, Sarge. (pause) The kid saw the whole thing.
49) 7) text: Both Eddie and Cragie look at Kosalas.
49) 8) dialog: Tell him, Nick.
51) 0) text: Kosalas and Cragie are still with the body. The corridor blocked off by uniformed patrolmen. Kosalas is shakey. Cragie is tries to calm him down.
51) 1) dialog: Look, it's no big thing, Kid. A  friggin' dog and pony show. Some  dumb ass questions by dumb ass  bureaucrats. "When's the last time  you were at the range?" Crap like  that.
51) 3) dialog: (stiffens) You born yesterday?! These ain't  cops. They'll roast our ass just  cause we carry a badge. Both of us. (menacing) We stick together on this, kid. We're  partners, right?
55) 1) dialog: We come up the back stairs. We start  cleanin' the hallway when the deceased  pops out of a doorway with a 25  automatic. I tell him to drop it,  but he's comin. We had no choice.  Kosalas here saw the whole thing.
55) 13) dialog: Hearing? Who called for a hearing?  The little fuck tried to shoot me in  the back!
55) 16) dialog: That piece of shit!
55) 18) text: Cragie gets up. Kosalas, sitting through this interview i stunned silence stands also.
55) 21) text: Kosalas and Cragie exit.
90) 0) text: Brennan and a couple of buddies approach Kosalas as he ti his gym shoes. Brennan is carrying a petition. He hands i to Kosalas and looks around the room. He spots another co Cragie is in the background putting on his jacket.
90) 2) text: Brennan looks down at Kosalas who is hesitating. Kosalas  looks back at Cragie. There eyes meet. He signs. Cragie comes by and slaps him on the back.
90) 3) dialog: Way to go, partner.
91) 0) text: We see Music talking to several cops working out the exer machines, and getting signatures on Cragie's petition.
92) 2) text: Eddie nods. He sees Cragie cross the gym and exit. As Cra goes out, Donato comes in on crutches. Everybody shouts a greeting. Eddie sits down to change gloves, and take his footpads o
146) 0) text: This is the after-hours watering hole for the police forc and half the cops we've seen so far, including Cragie, ar clustered at the bar or playing darts at the back of the  room. There are a half a dozen women there also. Three of them are cops. Kosalas is here too. He's been drinking. He leans against the wall talking on the pay phone by the men's room.
151) 0) text: The two amateur holdup men are being hustled out to the p wagon as Eddie heads for the door. Someone grabs his arm. It's Cragie, a little drunk.
151) 1) dialog: Nice to see you out with the boys  for a change, Sarge.
151) 3) dialog: They tell me my Sergeant wouldn't  sign for me. You want to tell me  why?
151) 5) dialog: No. Tell me.
151) 7) dialog: Fuck you. Where do you get off?
155) 8) text: Eddie takes a seat. Officer Cragie is called back to the  witness stand.
155) 10) dialog: Yes, sir.
155) 11) text: Cragie is neat as a pin, humble, cooperative to a fault.
155) 14) dialog: I'm not saying the woman would make  this up. But there's no way she could  have seen anything from where she  was standing in a hallway that dark. (pause) Like you said, she's the boy's  grandmother.
155) 16) dialog: We were lucky. There was a glint of  light, a reflection comin off the  barrel of the weapon.
159) 9) text: Cragie leans back. A ripple is felt in the crowd. The reaction of the boy's  relatives, delayed by translation, is one of outrage.
164) 2) text: Cragie, backed up by a couple of buddies, comes up to him
164) 4) dialog: Hey, that don't bother him. He's the  fuckin White Knight. (to Eddie) You wanna take on the whole world by  yourself? Now you're gonna get your  chance, Sarge.
179) 0) text: Cragie and Kosalas sit at the bar. The TV is off, and the few customers pay attention to the police monitor.
179) 3) text: Cragie smiles. Kosalas looks ashamed.
210) 4) dialog: What'd I tell ya. The sonofabitch is  crazy.
210) 10) dialog: Cool it kid.
210) 12) dialog: You little fuckin' bastard!
210) 13) text: Cragie jumps at Kosalas, but Kosalas is ready for him, an braces Cragie against the wall. With one hand Kosalas slams Cragie again, and reaches dow with his free hand, lifting Cragie's pants leg and extrac a drop-gun from it's concealed holster.