60) 0) text: In the dining room DIANA LUNA, a pretty 19 year old, help her 80 year old grandmother THERESA decorate a "HAPPY  BIRTHDAY" banner, some red and green crepe paper.
60) 2) dialog: No!
60) 3) text: Diana and her grandmother grin at each other. They are do Theresa stands back to admire their work.
60) 5) dialog: Mama!
60) 7) dialog: Daddy, would you get that!
60) 8) text: Diana rushes into the kitchen and comes right out with a  birthday cake, and sets it on the table next to some pres
60) 10) text: Diana goes to the stairs where her mother sits with her h over her eyes.
60) 11) dialog: Keep 'em closed now.
60) 13) dialog: O.K., open 'em.
60) 14) text: MOLLY LUNA opens her eyes. Theresa and Diana beam. Diana  kisses her mother who almost cries.
60) 15) dialog: Happy birthday, momma.
60) 17) text: Diana hands Molly a card from the table. Molly starts to  open it. Tony Luna burst in from another room.
60) 22) text: Molly goes upstairs. Diana is pissed.
60) 23) dialog: Don't do it, momma! Make him pack  his own bag.
60) 25) text: Tony goes to the phone, dials, gets a busy signal, and sl it down. Theresa sits down watching sadly. Diana goes to stand in front of her father.
60) 26) dialog: Listen goddammit! It's momma's  birthday! She deserves better'n this!
60) 31) text: Diana is really angry at her father ignoring her.
60) 32) dialog: You can't go now.
74) 0) text: Strolling among the baby elephants and fuzzy rabbits, the two heavies could not be more out of place. Tito has a ra form. Lou, tall enough to see over heads, looks like a lo gorilla on the prowl. He is searching for somebody. Surrounding the incubators filled with hatching chicks is cluster of schoolchildren. They are having a ball. Eddie has noticed DIANA, a lovely 19 year old who is in c of the children. And she has noticed Gamiani. She's visibly upset.
74) 3) text: Diana leaves the children with the zoo lecturer.
74) 4) dialog: Be back in a minute.
74) 6) dialog: What do you want?
74) 8) dialog: Get out of here, Lou. Leave me alone.
75) 0) text: The CHILDREN SCREAM, and LULU, the half-ton baboon flies  into frame, swinging down from the artificial branches of iron tree in the three story central cage. The children c at Diana in delightful terror. The gorilla, inches away,  kisses the thick glass that separates them. Lulu swings to the upper branches and sits, arms crossed, staring eyeball-to-eyeball at her human counterpart, Gami Tito eats popcorn. Eddie and Kosalas walk behind a mother and child, each ho a balloon.
76) 0) text: Diana is on the front steps of the library saying good-by to two of the children from the zoo. She hands them over their mothers, and goes up the steps into the building. Gamiani and Tito pull over and park down the street. Eddie comes around the corner, and follows her in.
77) 0) text: The sign on the door tells us this is the city's Special  Education Program office. Diana enters the office and con briefly with another staff member.
78) 0) text: Through the open door of the Special Education Program of Eddie observes Diana chatting with her co-workers.
79) 0) text: Eddie follows as Diana walks through the great hall past  long tables and out the other door.
80) 0) text: Diana comes down the steps, wading through the swarm of  homebound commuters, and catches a cab. And head and shoulders above the crowd, scanning the tops heads, is Lou Gamiani. Tito comes around the corner in his car, and pulls up to curb. Gamiani jumps in, and they take off after Diana's c Eddie and Kosalas follow in Eddie's car.
81) 0) text: Diana enters an apartment building.
82) 0) text: By the time Diana exits it is dark. She is with a friend, and both are in some kind of Halloween costume. They catc cab.
83) 0) text: The taxi stops in front of an ancient brick loft building Diana and her friend get out and hit the buzzer at an unm door. The door opens and they disappears inside. Gamiani's car cruises past. It pulls up at the corner and it's lights switch off. Eddie's car pulls up. Eddie hops out. Kosalas slides behi the wheel.
86) 0) text: A hundred people are jammed into the studio. It feels lik the Star Wars Saloon. The LIVE MUSICIANS match the look o the party. The costumes are outrageous. Everyone is danci Eddie looks the place over. He spots Diana. Eddie walks over to her, grabbing a drink along the way. sidles up to Diana.
86) 3) dialog: Are you pitching?
86) 5) dialog: I don't know. You look strictly minor  league.
86) 8) dialog: I make it Eddie-The-Cop.
86) 10) dialog: All bad.
87) 0) text: Eddie steps over and around an assortment of wasted witch and gooned out goblins snorting lines on the coffee table get to Diana who is tensely by herself. He grabs her purse.
87) 1) dialog: Hey, what the hell do you think you're  doing?
87) 3) text: Eddie searches Diana's purse. He find her drivers license
87) 6) dialog: I don't know where he is, and I don't  really give a shit. (tired) When are you people going to realize  I don't have anything to do with my  father.
87) 10) dialog: I've got all the friends I want.
114) 0) text: Bits and pieces. A Shattered orange juice container. Eggs cooking on the stove. A woman's vanity. On the floor; a woman's legs, a housecoat, slippers. A  silhouette of a Comacho in the hallway RAKING one of Tony guards. A family photo on the mantle which includes Diana and her father is BLASTED to bits.
124) 0) text: Gamiani tells Diana about her mother and grandmother.
126) 0) text: Lou Gamiani emerges from the building with Diana. She is  terrified. He checks out the scene, then descends the crowded steps crosses the street, keeping a sharp lookout.
128) 0) text: Distracted for an instant by a cluster of conventioneers, Lou fails to notice the two Comachos who have fallen in s behind them. He goes down with a gasp, almost silently, a knife sticking from his back. A Comacho grabs Diana's arm She jabs him in the eyes, and runs. Diana disappears into the crowd. Hysterical citizens scatter in all directions. A woman st in horror unable to keep from looking at Gamiani's body l on the sidewalk. She SCREAMS. Eddie and Kosalas come crashing out of the entrance of th museum. The girl isn't here. Eddie spots a commotion at the end of the block, under th el station. He dashes down the steps and across the street with traff screeching to a halt. Kosalas flags down a blue and white, and barks for backup then tears out after Eddie.
129) 0) text: In the shadow of the el tracks, Diana runs for her life,  racing north on Wabash through crowds of shoppers with th Comachos moving relentlessly a half block behind. Opposite Marshall Field's, she abruptly cuts across traff and runs into an alley between the giant men's and women' stores. With terror in her eyes, Diana runs, searching franticall for a guard, a policeman, somebody with a gun. But the  Comachos are closing in on her. She dives through a revolving door into the building.
130) 0) text: Diana runs past the perfume displays, notions, and linger and out the Randolph Street exit.
134) 0) text: The green flourescents of the "Emerald City" give a death cast to the underground street as Diana rounds the corner and collapses against the wall. Her heart pounding like a frightened deer, she has run as far as she can. Pompas Comacho and two of his colleagues come racing arou the corner. They spot her crouched against the wall. She starts to SCREAM but Angel grabs her by the collar an pulls her up to his face and she stops, wide-eyed with te as he touches her throat with his knife.
134) 4) text: The boys put their hands up, but Eddie doesn't see the th SAMO, coming up behind him. Angel grabs Diana by the hair, shielding himself, and sta backing up the stairs that lead to the street.
135) 0) text: With a knife at her side, Angel Comacho leads Diana up th steps of the old el station. They pass through the turnst out onto the platform just as the train pulls to in. Ange forces her onto the train. Eddie comes pounding up the steps and onto the platform j in time to stop the closing train door with his foot.
136) 0) text: Eddie wedges his way aboard and the train pulls out. The  passengers looks at him like he's crazy. Eddie works his way through the cars toward the rear. Angel spots him. Knife still in hand, he pulls Diana from car to car past the terrified passengers until finally he cornered at the end of the train. Angel searches frantica for a way out. Eddie enters. Diana sees him.
136) 3) text: Eddie takes another step. Diana slams her elbow into Angel's groin, and breaks free Angel jumps back. He breaks open the rear door and climbs out.
138) 0) text: We see Diana's looking out the window of the train. She  follows Eddie's decent with her eyes.
140) 0) text: Eddie is helped from the water by a couple of passersby. He stands there, soaking wet, looking around. A crowd is gathering. We hear SIRENS in the background. T he spots her. Diana is standing on the bridge watching him.
141) 0) text: Eddie walks to Diana, and she folds into his arms. He hol her a second.
142) 0) text: Eddie, now in dry clothes, and Diana walk along the lagoo They talk, argue, and she sits on a bench and cries. Eddi comforts her.
142) 1) dialog: Where are you taking me?
142) 3) dialog: The hell you are!
142) 5) dialog: I'll take my chances.
143) 0) text: Eddie and Diana climb the stairs.
144) 4) text: Eddie enters with Diana.
144) 6) text: Pirelli reacts to the name. Diana is in a daze, close to shock. Pirelli takes her and leads her to the couch.
144) 13) text: Eddie starts to go, and Diana reacts, suddenly frightened
144) 14) dialog: Eddie?
154) 0) text: Eddie cracks the door and peeks in. Diana sits on the bed lonely forlorn figure. She looks at Eddie, and tries a smile that fails. Eddie walks over to sit on the bed next to her. She falls apart, and lies down, on the verge of crying,  collapsing so that her head rest in Eddie's lap. They are quiet like that for a moment, she curled into a  ball, Eddie stroking her hair.
154) 1) dialog: What do you do when you don't have  anyone?
154) 4) dialog: Could you... Hold me for a while?
158) 0) text: Pirelli has Eddie's answering machine plugged in, and is  tinkering with the insides. Diana comes into the living room, toweling her wet hair,  just out of the shower, but in her street clothes.
160) 0) text: Pirelli works on the answering machine, but the phone is  reconnected. Diana is looking at photographs on the wall.
160) 1) dialog: You made that uniform look good.
161) 0) text: The Comachos come up the stairs, led by Luis. They stop a Eddie's door. They pull out their guns, and kick the door in. Across the hall, Pirelli's door opens, and Pirelli, holdi his pistol steps into the hall. The Comachos turn and fire, blasting Pirelli back into hi apartment. Through the open door we see Diana dash across the living room.
162) 0) text: Luis and his men burst in. Diana runs for the phone. A Comacho takes it from her and rips it from the wall. Diana is caught by two Comachos.
202) 0) text: Diana is in bad shape. She is tied up. Numb with terror s listens, not comprehending, as the Comachos discuss their plans for her in Spanish. Luis comes over to her, and with his knife begins cutting off part of her clothes.
211) 0) text: Diana, now hanging from her wrists like a slab of beef, i guarded by a couple of Luis' boys, eyeing her hungrily. Luis enters.
223) 0) text: Luis runs through the empty plant toward the office screa to Diana's guards.
224) 0) text: Diana, tied to the chair, is momentarily alone as the gua rush out to the floor of the factory to see what's happen The two guards, their guns flying from their hands, are  hammered back into the room by Eddie who blasts through t door after them. Diana is petrified.
226) 1) text: Eddie goes down and the Prowler hand controller falls to ground, shattered. The Prowler goes berserk, SPRAYING DEATH in a 360 degree  circle until all the ammo is gone. Then SILENCE. Eddie touches the blood on the side of his leg. It's not  serious. It appears everyone is out of ammunition. But a few Comac are still hidden in the factory. Eddie is after them like a tiger. Victor, shoulder still  bandaged, never has a chance. He goes down, battered and  broken. But Luis has crept up behind Eddie. He jumps over a steel plate. He's going for Diana, a long knife in his hand. Eddie reaches for a reload. Puts it in his magnum. Aims, blows Luis away just as he reaches for Diana.
227) 0) text: Across the littered battlefield, Eddie escorts Diana towa the light streaming through the factory entrance. He take off his jacket and wraps it around Diana's shoulders.
229) 0) text: Emergency vehicles are arriving, and more squad cars, pad wagons, and fire engines. Eddie walks by the cops toward an ambulance, now carrying Diana. Kates calls out after him.
229) 4) text: Eddie hands Diana over to the waiting medics, who put her the ambulance. We pull back further and further until we see the rest of the Home Team. The ambulance, carrying Diana, pulls away  with it's lights flashing. Eddie walks down the pier alone.