0) 0) text: Thundering north through the glass canyons of the Loop, t elevated train SCREECHES through the city awakening. As i races north across the river past ancient factories givin way to high rise splendor, lights glistening against the  dawn, we see the complex business of bringing a city to l in the morning. On the Near North Side an assortment of revelers are wind up their night on the town. The pressmen loiter outside the Tribune loading docks, an fishing boats are outbound through the Chicago River lock A streetsweeping crew moves through the Fulton Market,  Chicago's central meat and produce distribution center. At the Merchandise Mart platform the elevated train picks two old cleaning ladies wearing babushkas.
4) 2) dialog: (from radio) Hey, I got it all right here, my  man. Jus be waitin on you.
5) 0) text: DOC is at the wheel of a late model Cadillac. Spider gets and they pull slowly away from the curb.
6) 0) text: At the corner in a beat up Pontiac are officers MUSIC and BRENNAN. The two rough looking detectives follow Doc's ca through half closed eyes. They also HEAR Spider's TRANSMITTER. The quality of the  reception improves as Spider and his antennae clear the s support structure of the el platform.
6) 1) dialog: (from radio) This early bird shit just ain't my  style.
6) 3) text: Doc and Spider talk in a nervous false bravado.
10) 0) text: Eddie wrestles another garbage can into the truck's hoppe as Doc's car cruises slowly past. Eddie and Spider LOCK EYES for a split second. The car moves on and stops at the far end of the alley. T lights switch off. After a moment, Spider and Doc leave t car and check out the scene. Doc carries a satchel.
10) 1) dialog: (from radio) I say nice and simple now.
11) 0) text: A muscular Latino, POMPAS COMACHO, leads Spider and Doc d the paint-peeling corridor. The SOUND of BABIES CRYING an FAMILIES WAKING gives a sense of teeming humanity behind  every door. The Latino knocks at a door heavily fortified with burgla bars. The door opens. The bars are unlocked.
12) 0) text: Doc and Spider enter. They're patted down. A sleepy eyed Latino woman comes to stand in the bedroom  doorway. VICTOR COMACHO barks at her in Spanish, and she  disappears into the bedroom.
13) 1) dialog: (from radio) Hey, man, we're clean, huh. We ain't  fools.
18) 0) text: The room is small and bare. A selling den. VICTOR COMACHO and TWO COUSINS, all young and vicious, are sitting aroun formica table with the two buyers, Doc and Spider. The  Comachos are heavily armed. There is plenty of tension al around, but Doc seems a little more nervous than the rest This is an enormous buy. Doc has placed a bowling satchel full of bundled $20's, $50's, and $100's on the table. Vi is counting it rapidly.
18) 3) text: Victor nods and one of the cousins brings in half a dozen brick-sized bundles of cocaine from the next room. Doc slices into one of the bags and with the tip of his k he drops a bit into a glass vial. He adds clear liquid wi an eye dropper and it instantly turns purple.
18) 4) dialog: I say, awright. The royal colors.
26) 0) text: Doc and Spider are blown backwards in their chairs. One o the cousins has fallen across the piles of money and drug Victor and the other cousin are slumped on the floor. The woman in the bedroom is screaming. Through the jagged glass around the window frame, Tony's  boys shove a broad plank.
48) 0) text: The van hurtles down the alley, splashing through puddles past the loading docks of a packing company. Parked along one side of the end of the alley is a meat truck from the opening montage. A loading ramp leads to the gaping rear  doors. The thieves have done their homework. The Luna gang slams the ramp into the rear of the meat truck. A bee fy compatriot in a blood stained butcher's smock pu several sides of beef along the rail and into the truck.  With the van concealed, the line of police cars ROAR spla by.
119) 0) text: Pines reflect in the dappled lake as Tony Luna rows slowl for shore. He ties up at the dock. He's taking his tackle out of the boat when one of his boys comes running down t the dock. We cannot hear the conversation but we can see Tony drop tackle box and we can hear his SCREAM echo across the wat
163) 8) text: Partida lifts a document from the table.
163) 16) text: Partida lifts another document.
193) 1) text: The Cadillac races through this vast man-made cavern, pas the sub-level loading docks and service entrances of  skyscrapers above. City work crews and all night commerci deliveries dot both the upper and lower levels of the cha
209) 0) text: Among the dockside ruins of the old facility, Luis carefu checks his snipers and lookouts. Shouting in Spanish, he  directs them into position. From the distance we see a signal from the Comacho statio at the top of a huge grain elevator overlooking the Calum Harbor.
217) 0) text: Against the grotesque shapes of the surrounding scrapyard Eddie moves quickly from one concealment to the next, cro low, advancing on the abandoned factory at the end of the dock. He lays down his duffle and pulls out a Halliburton case. opens it.
219) 0) text: The lookout spots the Prowler moving down the dock. He ca believe his eyes. He sights on the machine and FIRES. And in the distance, the Prowler senses the insult and  immediately turns its camera eye up to him. The lookout FIRES again. Immediately, the turret swivels the twin MACHINEGUNS ROAR. It's a long way down.
226) 0) text: The "Prowler" rolls around the corner, its brutal turret  bristling with firepower. It is driving Luis and the othe stupefied Comachos further back into the building. Eddie guides his deadly partner with the hand controller. The Comachos dive for cover and spray the miniature tank  with AUTOMATIC FIRE. But they are no match. Two continuou streams of hot lead chew up the place, splintering the lo dock and the catwalk hiding places and disintegrating the structure, churning the Comachos to hamburger.
228) 0) text: The pier is crawling with cops with more arriving every  second. A fire boat is extinguishing the blaze set by the Prowler incendiary ammunition. The bodies of the Comachos lying everywhere astound the  arriving "Home Team." Officer Kosalas screeches to a halt and jumps from his ca Brennan and Music are running down the dock. Donato, a ca on his leg, hobbles after them.