4) 0) text: EDDIE CUSACK jumps up on the truck's running board and st his head in. On the seat beside Donato is a sledgehammer a sawed off automatic rifle. The two men stare at each ot as they concentrate on the CRACKLING RADIO.
7) 0) text: Eddie nods to Donato who grabs a walkie-talkie from the s
7) 4) text: SILENCE. Eddie looks at Donato.
7) 5) dialog: Where's Cragie?
9) 2) dialog: (from radio) Double Play, you got him in sight?
10) 0) text: Eddie wrestles another garbage can into the truck's hoppe as Doc's car cruises slowly past. Eddie and Spider LOCK EYES for a split second. The car moves on and stops at the far end of the alley. T lights switch off. After a moment, Spider and Doc leave t car and check out the scene. Doc carries a satchel.
10) 3) text: The two men slip into the back gate of an old tenement. T pass through a gangway to the front of the building, and  climb the front stairs. Though we can no longer see them, we HEAR a DOOR OPENING, GREETING in Spanish, and FEET FOUNDING up the steps. The garbage truck GRINDS forward and halts again. Eddie c up to the cab. He is wearing a gun under his overalls. He and Donato listen on the RADIO to the CONVERSATION coming from inside the building.
13) 0) text: Eddie stands on the running board of the truck with Donat at the wheel. They listen to the RADIO.
13) 3) text: Eddie tosses a soiled Rubic's Cube into Donato's lap.
13) 4) dialog: Found you a present.
19) 0) text: Eddie's eyes scan the scene as he sorts through a garbage can with a stick.
22) 0) text: Over the IDLING ENGINE of the garbage truck, Eddie and Do HEAR the deal going down on the RADIO.
22) 1) dialog: (to walkie-talkie) Everybody on your toes.
22) 3) dialog: (to walkie-talkie) What the hell you talking about?
22) 5) text: Eddie looks at Donato.
22) 6) dialog: Painters? That building's gonna be  condemned!
22) 7) text: Like a coiled spring, Eddie leaps from the truck and runs for the rear gate, gun in hand.
22) 8) dialog: (shouts) Play Ball! Play-fucking-ball!
24) 0) text: Eddie HEARS THE GUNFIRE and hits the wall. He sees the gl showering down around him. He vaults over the backyard fe and head for the porch stairs.
28) 0) text: EFREN COMACHO, the heavyweight guarding the back door, is distracted by the SHOUTS and GUNFIRE upstairs. Eddie cras through the door and Efren spins just in time to meet Edd blurring attack. The struggle on the landing is brief. Efren's size is no  match for Eddie's speed and power. With a grunt he sags t the floor. Eddie leaps over him and bounds up the steps.
30) 0) text: Eddie passes the second floor landing and takes a quick l up the porch stairs. The door to the second floor apartme starts to open behind him. He spins and kicks it. There stands a terrified old woman looking up the barrel his gun.
30) 1) dialog: (shouts) Police! No se mueve!
32) 0) text: Eddie has entered the rear of the apartment. He moves  cautiously forward.
35) 0) text: Eddie jumps into the living room doorway, gun drawn, and  takes in the carnage. He kicks the gun out of Victor's ha and bounds to the shattered bay window and looks down in  time to SEE --
37) 0) text: The bridge to the other building is gone, but there is a  large drainpipe running down the outside of the building. Eddie climbs out on the shattered window sill, and stretc for the pipe. The pipe is just out of reach. Pushing off  from the ledge, he jumps for the drainpipe, grabbing it o his way down.
41) 0) text: Eddie lands on his feet and heads for the front.
43) 0) text: At the front of the building Donato emerges from the  passageway and he's met by a HAIL of GUNFIRE. He jumps ba and takes a more cautious look. Tony Luna and Gus make a run for the van. Donato steps ou from between the two buildings and raises his gun. But he hasn't seen Eenie, just coming out of the building next door. Eenie fires and Donato goes down, wounded in the foot. Bu before Eenie can get off another shot -- -- Eddie leaps from the gangway and drops Eenie with a BU from his AUTOMATIC.
49) 2) text: They HEAR FOOTSTEPS pounding up the front stairs. Cragie Kosalas look up. Eddie appears at the front of the hall, gun drawn. He see the boy on the hallway floor. He approaches cautiously, taking in the body, the gun, Cr sitting against the wall, and the distraught Kosalas who  stands transfixed by the dead kid. Eddie goes to Kosalas.
49) 3) dialog: Take it easy, Kosalas.
49) 5) text: Eddie looks at Cragie.
49) 7) text: Both Eddie and Cragie look at Kosalas.
49) 11) dialog: (pause) Stay here. (to Cragie) Take care of your partner.
49) 12) text: Eddie walks away.
50) 0) text: The gangway is now filled with squad cars, ambulances, an cops. As the paramedics walk Victor Comacho to the ambulance,  bloody, bandaged, but very much alive, he and Eddie LOCK  EYES for a brief instant. Several ferocious looking Comacho relatives have been all inside the police lines. One of them steps close to Victo
52) 0) text: Donato sits on the ground as two paramedics work on his f Eddie crouches beside him as one medic cuts away Donato's ankle boot.
52) 4) dialog: Yeah, what about the winter?
52) 6) text: Someone points Eddie out to Partida, an attractive, no- nonsense woman, who heads for him. Donato sees Partida co
52) 10) dialog: Does it look like it?
52) 13) text: Eddie nods.
52) 15) text: Eddie smiles at Donato, who with his good foot, kicks at medic bandaging the wound.
52) 17) dialog: (pointing) Third floor rear.
52) 18) text: As Partida heads for the building, another suited civilia comes over to meet her. The civilian escorts a Mexican  grandmother. The old lady is agitated, jabbering in Spanish and pointi at the cops. Eddie sees this, and then is pulled away as he helps one the medics lift Donato and carry him to the ambulance. Eddie helps Donato into the ambulance.
52) 19) dialog: Catch you later, Hopalong.
53) 0) text: The two Comacho lookouts who survived the raid, Efren and Pompas, have been brought in for questioning. The  interrogation is taking place in a small room. Officers Brennan and Music are here with Eddie. The Comachos sit silent as stones.
53) 2) text: Efren stares ahead. Music looks at Eddie who is fiddling  with the Rubic's Cube, to little success. Brennan takes Music's place. He kicks Pompas' chair hard.
53) 6) text: It's not a joke, but a threat. Pompas spits at Brennan.  Brennan is enraged, but Eddie pushes him back with a hand Eddie faces the Comachos.
53) 7) dialog: We're jerking off here.
53) 8) text: Eddie goes out the door.
54) 0) text: As Eddie emerges, he bumps into the Camacho's lawyer SANC thirty-eight, well dressed, smooth as silk. Sanchez sees the tableau in the room. As Cusack walks dow the hall the attorney follows him.
54) 2) text: Eddie ignores him.
54) 4) dialog: I like to see you earn your money.
54) 5) text: Sanchez backs off. We follow Eddie down the hall.
55) 14) text: Eddie enters. Kates looks up from his desk.
55) 22) dialog: I ain't got no time to nursmaid a  rookie. I don't need a partner.
55) 25) dialog: We got a bigger problem. These  Comachos aren't gonna take this lying  down. The animals are out of the  cages.
55) 27) text: Eddie turns to leave.
55) 29) dialog: Yeah.
55) 32) text: Eddie starts to leave again. Kates picks up the phone, an puts a hand over the mouthpiece.
55) 34) dialog: That's my job.
55) 35) text: Eddie exits.
57) 0) text: Eddie and Kosalas are parked on an airport access road,  watching private planes land and take off. Eddie's car, a five-year old Chevy, is wreckage. The quarter panels are  rusted, the radio antenna is a coathanger, and when Kosal pushes a tape into the cassette player, the windshield wi start moving. Kosalas pops the cassette out, the windshield wipers stop he throws the cassette into the glove compartment. But no he can't get the door to stay closed.
57) 1) dialog: I'm going to have to fix that.
57) 2) text: Eddie has to shout to be heard over the sound of an airpl passing directly overhead. Eddie glances at Kosalas who looks uncomfortable.
57) 3) dialog: You know, it's kind of interesting.  That 16 year old in the hallway with  the gun? Partida told me he doesn't  have a record. The kid's never been  arrested.
58) 2) text: And now comes a mystery jet, wearing no company colors,  banking in over Lake Point Tower and WHISTLING low over t Planetarium to a touchdown. The white Learjet taxis to a halt at the far end of the f as an undistinguished Buick rolls down the ramp to meet i Eddie and Kosalas stand by their car, parked across the r from the Learjet. The jet's engines shut down, the door opens, and a grim b handsome man emerges. LUIS COMACHO, a cruel and uncomprom survivor, has arrived. With him is an incredibly beautifu exotic woman. He is met by Pompas and Efren Comacho, the two lookouts w survived the raid. And Victor Comacho, who was wounded in the raid, is here with his shoulder bandaged.
59) 0) text: From where Eddie and Kosalas are standing it is impossibl to hear the conversation at the Learjet, but it is clear  that Luis Comacho is upset. They see Luis slap Pompas and Efren. Then he grabs Victor by both arms, ignoring his wo and screams at him.
59) 3) dialog: Real sweetheart.
61) 0) text: Eddie parks in front of his apartment building, leaves th car, and enters the building.
62) 0) text: Dead on his feet, Eddie reaches the top of the stairs and object comes flying at him out of the shadows. ODELL, a s 10 year old black kid, fakes a series of karate kicks at  Eddie.
62) 2) dialog: Later, Odell. It's been a rough one.
62) 5) dialog: Bow to your master.
62) 7) dialog: Hey, Odell. Here, make yourself crazy.
62) 8) text: The kid stops, and Eddie tosses him the Rubic's Cube. Eddie nears his apartment, we hear a MALE VOICE SINGING.
63) 0) text: The door is ajar. Eddie lives in a modest apartment. FRED PIRELLI, a great bear of a man, 65, sings at the top of h lungs. He is bent over the space heater, tearing it apart
63) 2) dialog: Thanks, pal.
63) 4) text: Eddie collapses on the sofa.
63) 5) dialog: Pissed cause he lost a shoe. (pause) Luis Comacho is in town.
63) 7) dialog: Want somthin' to drink?
63) 10) text: Odell shows in the doorway. Eddie gets up and the kid tos him the Rubic's Cube -- all done. Eddie looks at it, and the kid goes into the kitchen.
63) 11) dialog: I hate smart ass kids.
63) 14) text: Eddie tosses the Cube into the waste basket and opens the refrigerator.
63) 15) dialog: I've been told that more than once.
63) 17) text: Eddie comes back into the living room, hands a beer and a soda to Odell, and flops back on the sofa with his own be
63) 18) dialog: Somebody knew what they were doin'.  They blew the top off an anthill.
63) 21) text: Pirelli and Odell turn to Eddie who tries to look innocen but fails. Eddie purposefully studies the answering machi on the coffee table in front of him.
63) 26) dialog: What was the Cubs final score?
63) 28) text: Eddie punches a button on the answering machine. It spews tape across the table.
63) 31) dialog: Maybe I don't like machines.
64) 6) text: Standing with Chief Kates, Eddie watches the demonstratio with contempt. Kates turns to him.
64) 8) dialog: Just what the world needs, another  gun without a brain.
64) 10) text: Eddie has seen enough.
64) 11) dialog: I got better things to do than play  with toys.
64) 14) text: Kates points to Eddie, and smiles. Instantly the turret sweeps the horizon and locks on Eddi as he walks across the astro turf. CLOSE-UP of the Prowler's hand controller. The MONITOR SCREEN shows the crosshairs on the back of Ed head. ON THE SCREEN the digital readout says: LOCKED AND  TRACKING.
64) 16) text: Eddie keeps walking, seemingly oblivious to the Prowler.  Suddenly he whirls and ducks behind a wall out of the  Prowler's sight. He pops up with his gun pointed at the Prowler's controll
64) 17) dialog: Drop it.
64) 18) text: The controller, scared shitless, drops the hand control. The Prowler dies -- the plug pulled. Eddie smiles at Kates, and exits.
66) 0) text: Luis Comacho storms out of the room into the corridor fol by the others. Eddie and Kosalas are just entering. Victor spots Eddie a turns to Luis.
66) 2) text: The Comachos slow down. The two groups survey each other Luis, hatred oozing from his eyes. And Eddie, without slo looks the vicious Colombian over with cool contempt. Eddie walks by.
66) 4) text: Eddie freezes, makes a slow turn, and meets Luis' eyes. Suddenly Eddie moves, faster than anyone else can react t and he has Luis pinned to the wall, choking him.
66) 5) dialog: Stay off my streets, asshole. Or  I'll bite your head off, and shit in  your neck.
67) 0) text: Retired detective HANK FLANNIGAN runs the high-tech morgu where the bodies are stacked on trays like bakery buns.  Flannigan, a trim, bespectacled Mr. Clean, clicks his fal teeth between thoughts. The body on the exotic lab table is the gunman Eddie shot during the raid. Eddie is here to confirm the identificat His new partner, Kosalas, is with him, very uncomfortable this setting.
67) 2) dialog: I was motivated.
67) 3) text: Flannigan has already pulled Verona's record. He hands it Eddie who passes it on to Kosalas without looking at it.  Kosalas concentrates on the file, uneasy with the dead.
67) 5) dialog: He's a punk. Punk thief. Booster.
67) 7) dialog: He had a brother-in-law. They were  tight. Served time together.  Ganelli..., Gagleone...
67) 9) text: Eddie looks at Kosalas who glances up from the report  triumphantly.
67) 12) text: Eddie just smiles.
67) 14) text: Eddie reaches into his pocket, and tosses a ticket to  Flannigan who grins.
68) 0) text: Eddie and Kosalas cruise the Rush Street area at night. T search the neon lit crowds on the sidewalks for a glimpse Lou Gamiani.
70) 0) text: Eddie is at the wheel wearing a sportscoat and sweater,  scanning the sports page. Kosalas is nervous and chatty,  bubbling. He's still reading the records from the morgue.
70) 2) dialog: He's just makin' up for the time he  spent in the joint.
72) 0) text: Trailing Gamiani and his partner through the North Side  neighborhoods, they wind up in Lincoln Park. With considerable skill Kosalas and Eddie manage to stick them undetected.
73) 0) text: Gamiani and Tito park by the botanical gardens and stroll past the fields of flowers into the zoo. Eddie and Kosala follow.
73) 2) dialog: Relax kid.
74) 0) text: Strolling among the baby elephants and fuzzy rabbits, the two heavies could not be more out of place. Tito has a ra form. Lou, tall enough to see over heads, looks like a lo gorilla on the prowl. He is searching for somebody. Surrounding the incubators filled with hatching chicks is cluster of schoolchildren. They are having a ball. Eddie has noticed DIANA, a lovely 19 year old who is in c of the children. And she has noticed Gamiani. She's visibly upset.
74) 2) dialog: Just watch, kid. Learn.
75) 0) text: The CHILDREN SCREAM, and LULU, the half-ton baboon flies  into frame, swinging down from the artificial branches of iron tree in the three story central cage. The children c at Diana in delightful terror. The gorilla, inches away,  kisses the thick glass that separates them. Lulu swings to the upper branches and sits, arms crossed, staring eyeball-to-eyeball at her human counterpart, Gami Tito eats popcorn. Eddie and Kosalas walk behind a mother and child, each ho a balloon.
76) 0) text: Diana is on the front steps of the library saying good-by to two of the children from the zoo. She hands them over their mothers, and goes up the steps into the building. Gamiani and Tito pull over and park down the street. Eddie comes around the corner, and follows her in.
78) 0) text: Through the open door of the Special Education Program of Eddie observes Diana chatting with her co-workers.
79) 0) text: Eddie follows as Diana walks through the great hall past  long tables and out the other door.
80) 0) text: Diana comes down the steps, wading through the swarm of  homebound commuters, and catches a cab. And head and shoulders above the crowd, scanning the tops heads, is Lou Gamiani. Tito comes around the corner in his car, and pulls up to curb. Gamiani jumps in, and they take off after Diana's c Eddie and Kosalas follow in Eddie's car.
83) 0) text: The taxi stops in front of an ancient brick loft building Diana and her friend get out and hit the buzzer at an unm door. The door opens and they disappears inside. Gamiani's car cruises past. It pulls up at the corner and it's lights switch off. Eddie's car pulls up. Eddie hops out. Kosalas slides behi the wheel.
84) 0) text: Eddie leans down to the open drivers window.
84) 1) dialog: Hold here a second.
84) 2) text: Eddie goes to the back of the car, and Kosalas follows hi in the rearview mirror, losing sight when Eddie pops open the trunk. Kosalas watches the party goers enter the building. There is a tapping at the window. Eddie has donned a baseball uniform, matching cap, and no carries a baseball bat with a pair of cleats hanging from it.
84) 3) dialog: Keep with Gamiani.
84) 4) text: Eddie tosses the keys back to Kosalas, and heads to the  building. Kosalas calls to him.
85) 0) text: In the darkened stairway Eddie joins a group of outrageou dressed characters. The door at the top of the stairs bur open on a punk-funk art student Halloween party.
86) 0) text: A hundred people are jammed into the studio. It feels lik the Star Wars Saloon. The LIVE MUSICIANS match the look o the party. The costumes are outrageous. Everyone is danci Eddie looks the place over. He spots Diana. Eddie walks over to her, grabbing a drink along the way. sidles up to Diana.
86) 1) dialog: Wanna play ball?
86) 4) dialog: Some people say I've got a pretty  good inside curve.
86) 7) dialog: I'm Eddie.
86) 9) dialog: You've had a lot of experience with  cops?
86) 11) text: She is angry now, and walks away from him. Eddie watches her go, and is about to follow. He sets his drink down, and turns to find a girl, luscious as hell,  dressed like a Frederick's wet dream, making eyes at him. She takes his bat, and gives it a long, lascivious lick.
86) 12) dialog: You'll get slivers.
87) 0) text: Eddie steps over and around an assortment of wasted witch and gooned out goblins snorting lines on the coffee table get to Diana who is tensely by herself. He grabs her purse.
87) 2) dialog: I thought you knew all about cops.  You don't put anything up your nose  do you?
87) 3) text: Eddie searches Diana's purse. He find her drivers license
87) 4) dialog: Diana Luna? (pause) You're Tony Luna's daughter?
87) 7) text: Eddie tries to give her his card.
87) 8) dialog: For when you need a friend.
87) 11) text: Eddie puts the card into her purse.
87) 12) dialog: But do you have all the friends you  need?
87) 13) text: She walks away angrily. Eddie watches her leave, and then steps over a few of the wasted witches to get to the phon on the drug laden coffee table. He dials.
87) 14) dialog: (to phone) This is Sergeant Cusack. I want a  team to cover a house on the southwest  side. (pause) L-U-N-A, Anthony. (pause) Yeah. Crazy Tony Luna. I don't think  he's around, but if he shows up bring  him in.
87) 15) text: The dope-smoking party-goers stare at this cop in shock. of the ladies tries to casually cover the cocaine with a  magazine. Eddie hangs up the phone, and pushes past them the door.
87) 16) dialog: (nods) Catch you later.
89) 0) text: The apartment is only a mockup set in the corner of this  vast skylit city warehouse. Runners race around the track the perimeter. On the wall are large photos and diagrams of the Prowler. Below the photos are sign-up sheets for the required trai sessions. In another corner is the weight room, the ring, and the  workout area. Eddie is here, working out, sparring with a partner who has large padded mits on each hand.
92) 0) text: Eddie gives his sparring partner, Howard, a furious serie of blows, driving him back. They are kickboxing.
92) 2) text: Eddie nods. He sees Cragie cross the gym and exit. As Cra goes out, Donato comes in on crutches. Everybody shouts a greeting. Eddie sits down to change gloves, and take his footpads o
92) 4) dialog: How ya doing, Richie?
92) 6) dialog: How you gonna watch the game if you're  hawking sandwiches?
92) 8) text: The sparring partner returns, and Eddie goes back to prac
92) 10) text: Eddie grins. Brennan comes up to Donato, and hands him the petition. D signs quickly.
92) 12) text: Eddie nods to him, concentrating on the sparring.
92) 14) dialog: This about the hearing?
92) 16) dialog: I pass.
92) 18) dialog: He's burnt, Brennan, and you know  it. He was a good cop, but he ain't  now.
92) 19) text: PUNCH! Eddie hits the mit so hard that Howard is knocked  back a couple of steps.
92) 21) text: PUNCH! With a whirling kick, Eddie knocks the mit right o of the Howard's hand, and across the gym. Eddie turns to face Brennan, nose to nose.
92) 22) dialog: We're all scared, Brennan. Cragie  should have been off the street a  long time ago. He's gonna hurt  somebody else with his bullshit.  Maybe even you.
92) 23) text: Eddie goes back to punching. Brennan storms out.
96) 0) text: The cortege passes the unmarked car down the block from T house. Eddie is watching. Kosalas is with him.
96) 2) dialog: He'll get the word.
105) 0) text: Eddie's beat up Chevy is parked beyond the line of yachts toward the end of the pier. Eddie gets out of the car. Ko looks worried.
105) 2) dialog: Stay by the radio.
105) 3) text: Eddie walks to the 75 foot steel cruiser tied to the end the pier. Eddie walks up the gangplank.
106) 2) text: Rocco goes for Eddie. A couple of quick blows and Rocco i in the water. Eddie continues up the gangway to the rear the boat.
107) 0) text: Eddie finds FELIX (THE RAIL) SCALESE sitting on a chaise  lounge, reading. A beautiful girl lays on her stomach on deck pad typing at a personal computer terminal. Scalese looks up at Eddie. He is momentarily discombobula but recovers.
107) 2) dialog: We talking about a bribe, Scalese?
107) 6) text: He drops the name with a smile. Eddie doesn't react.
107) 8) dialog: Thanks.
107) 10) dialog: I'm looking for your nephew.
107) 12) dialog: Wrong. Tony just made himself my  business.
107) 14) text: Eddie sits down next to Scalese and looks him in the eye.
107) 15) dialog: He shit on my turf, old man. And I'm  going to nail him and anybody else  tied to him. You understand, Felix?
107) 17) dialog: (softly) It's not a threat. It's a prediction.
107) 18) text: On the shore, Kosalas is honking the car horn to get Eddi attention. Eddie rises.
107) 19) dialog: There's a shitstorm coming. You better  get yourself a good umbrella.
108) 0) text: Eddie walks by as Rocco, soaking wet, is pulling himself  from the water. Eddie pushes him into the water again. Kosalas is still sounding the HORN.
109) 0) text: Eddie runs toward the car.
110) 0) text: A body lies in the flowers in the service area next to th giant greenhouse. Several unmarked cars and two blue and  whites are parked in the dirt drive as Eddie and Kosalas  pull up. The cops have roped off the area. Music and Bren are there. Eddie looks at the body as Music comes over.
110) 7) text: Eddie stands to one side.
110) 8) dialog: Let's go.
120) 0) text: Eddie runs down the rear stairs to Kosalas' unmarked car. opens the driver's door, pushes Kosalas across the seat, gets behind the wheel. He PEELS OUT.
121) 2) text: Eddie picks up the mike.
121) 3) dialog: (to mike) Was there a girl? Late teens. Reddish  hair.
122) 0) text: Eddie leaves the car running, and burst through the main  entrance flashing his badge at the stunned security guard
123) 0) text: Eddie races through the corridors and reading rooms searc Kosalas arriving at his heels.
128) 0) text: Distracted for an instant by a cluster of conventioneers, Lou fails to notice the two Comachos who have fallen in s behind them. He goes down with a gasp, almost silently, a knife sticking from his back. A Comacho grabs Diana's arm She jabs him in the eyes, and runs. Diana disappears into the crowd. Hysterical citizens scatter in all directions. A woman st in horror unable to keep from looking at Gamiani's body l on the sidewalk. She SCREAMS. Eddie and Kosalas come crashing out of the entrance of th museum. The girl isn't here. Eddie spots a commotion at the end of the block, under th el station. He dashes down the steps and across the street with traff screeching to a halt. Kosalas flags down a blue and white, and barks for backup then tears out after Eddie.
131) 0) text: Two Camachos, who stayed on the street, spot her as she  leaves. Racing through the alley, Eddie spots them running in the next block.
134) 2) text: We hear a loud metallic CLICK. We see the barrel of a hug revolver. They wheel to see Eddie crouched, gun drawn, in the alley entrance.
134) 3) dialog: Pompas, you're getting to be a fucking  pain in the ass.
134) 4) text: The boys put their hands up, but Eddie doesn't see the th SAMO, coming up behind him. Angel grabs Diana by the hair, shielding himself, and sta backing up the stairs that lead to the street.
134) 5) dialog: Let her go, pooch.
134) 6) text: Samo jumps Eddie, and the gun goes flying. It hits the  pavement and bounces off the high curb into the street. In a staggering blur Eddie takes out the Comachos, kickin the last one end over end. But Angel and the girl have  disappeared to the street above. Eddie retrieves his gun and runs up the steps.
135) 0) text: With a knife at her side, Angel Comacho leads Diana up th steps of the old el station. They pass through the turnst out onto the platform just as the train pulls to in. Ange forces her onto the train. Eddie comes pounding up the steps and onto the platform j in time to stop the closing train door with his foot.
136) 0) text: Eddie wedges his way aboard and the train pulls out. The  passengers looks at him like he's crazy. Eddie works his way through the cars toward the rear. Angel spots him. Knife still in hand, he pulls Diana from car to car past the terrified passengers until finally he cornered at the end of the train. Angel searches frantica for a way out. Eddie enters. Diana sees him.
136) 2) dialog: You don't have the balls.
136) 3) text: Eddie takes another step. Diana slams her elbow into Angel's groin, and breaks free Angel jumps back. He breaks open the rear door and climbs out.
137) 0) text: Angel climbs up the back of the car onto the roof. Eddie's right behind him. The spectacular pursuit from car to car on the roof of th speeding el train is witnessed by startled second-floor  secretaries whose desks look directly out at the roof of passing cars.
137) 1) text: Angel and Eddie's figures appear as specks, roaring throu the canyon of skyscrapers.
138) 0) text: We see Diana's looking out the window of the train. She  follows Eddie's decent with her eyes.
139) 0) text: Dozens of startled pedestrians line the bridge railing as Eddie swims toward Angel, bobbing in the middle of the st A hotdogger in a speedboat is racing up the river and Ang is directly in his path. The skipper, showing off for his passengers, doesn't notice him until he hears the sickeni THUNK under the keel. The boat's wake is suddenly red wit blood.
140) 0) text: Eddie is helped from the water by a couple of passersby. He stands there, soaking wet, looking around. A crowd is gathering. We hear SIRENS in the background. T he spots her. Diana is standing on the bridge watching him.
141) 0) text: Eddie walks to Diana, and she folds into his arms. He hol her a second.
142) 0) text: Eddie, now in dry clothes, and Diana walk along the lagoo They talk, argue, and she sits on a bench and cries. Eddi comforts her.
142) 2) dialog: Downtown first. Then I'm gonna place  you in protective custody.
142) 4) dialog: You'll be safe --
143) 0) text: Eddie and Diana climb the stairs.
144) 4) text: Eddie enters with Diana.
144) 5) dialog: Fred Pirelli, this is Diana. Diana  Luna.
144) 8) text: Eddie motions him aside.
144) 9) dialog: Can you put her up till I find her  old man?
144) 11) dialog: Am I putting you on the spot?
144) 13) text: Eddie starts to go, and Diana reacts, suddenly frightened
144) 15) dialog: I'll be right across the hall. I'm  just gonna clean up.
145) 0) text: Eddie falls fully clothed onto the mattress. The PHONE RI He rolls over in disbelief, staring at the ceiling. It RINGS, and RINGS again and again and again. He finally picks it up.
149) 0) text: Eddie gets out of his car and heads for the front door.
150) 0) text: The place is in an uproar -- everybody doubled up with  LAUGHTER -- as the two luckless hoods, handcuffed togethe are lying on the filthy tavern floor under a table. They  continue to berate each other. Eddie enters.
150) 3) text: Donato spots Eddie and calls to him.
150) 9) dialog: Not now, Donato.
150) 11) text: Eddie shakes his head and walks to the back of the room w Kosalas sits hunched over a drink, the only man in the ro not laughing. He looks up whens Eddie pulls over a chair.
150) 13) text: Eddie nods, and Kosalas signals the waitress. There is a  long beat at Kosalas fidgets and Eddie waits.
150) 15) text: Eddie just looks at him.
150) 17) text: Eddie is still silent. Kosalas takes a swig of his beer, finally blurts is out.
150) 19) dialog: Tell the truth.
150) 21) dialog: And the chance to do it again. Next  time he might take away a cop. That  make any difference?
150) 23) dialog: Your partner's selling you out,  Kosalas. He kills an unarmed kid,  and now he's risking your ass to  save his own.
150) 25) dialog: It cost an innocent kid his life.
150) 29) dialog: Tell 'em like it is, Nick. I'll back  you up.
150) 30) text: Eddie gets up and walks away.
151) 0) text: The two amateur holdup men are being hustled out to the p wagon as Eddie heads for the door. Someone grabs his arm. It's Cragie, a little drunk.
151) 2) dialog: Hello, Cragie.
151) 4) dialog: You know why.
151) 6) dialog: (gently) You were a good cop for a lot of  years. You've passed your limit now  Cragie.
151) 8) dialog: Right about here.
151) 9) text: Eddie walks out the door.
152) 0) text: Eddie buzzes the door. Pirelli opens it. He lets Eddie in scans the hall, and closes it.
153) 0) text: Pirelli sets down his gun, and pours Eddie a cup of coffe
153) 2) dialog: Giving liquor to a minor, Pirelli?
153) 4) dialog: I'll be back right after the hearing  tomorrow, and you can get some sleep  then.
154) 0) text: Eddie cracks the door and peeks in. Diana sits on the bed lonely forlorn figure. She looks at Eddie, and tries a smile that fails. Eddie walks over to sit on the bed next to her. She falls apart, and lies down, on the verge of crying,  collapsing so that her head rest in Eddie's lap. They are quiet like that for a moment, she curled into a  ball, Eddie stroking her hair.
154) 2) dialog: You find someone.
154) 5) text: Eddie lays on the bed beside her. She curls up in his arm and closes her eyes. Eddie's eyes remain open.
155) 4) text: The room is packed. In addition to the police officers,  character witnesses, and friends of the dead kid, there a a dozen reporters. Eddie enters and looks over the scene. He nods to Donato, sitting at the rail with his foot propped up.
155) 6) dialog: What's the score?
155) 8) text: Eddie takes a seat. Officer Cragie is called back to the  witness stand.
156) 0) text: A carload of Comachos, including Luis, cruises down the s and parks in the alley next to Eddie's building.
157) 0) text: The hearing is in recess and the hall is filled with smok and coffee drinkers. Eddie is getting a BUSY SIGNAL on the pay phone. Donato approaches.
157) 2) dialog: You heard it all. What do you think?
157) 4) dialog: The kid may surprise you.
157) 5) text: Eddie dials the number again. Still a busy signal.
158) 0) text: Pirelli has Eddie's answering machine plugged in, and is  tinkering with the insides. Diana comes into the living room, toweling her wet hair,  just out of the shower, but in her street clothes.
159) 11) text: As Kosalas steps down he keeps his eyes on the floor ahea of him avoiding eye contact. Eddie leans back in his seat. A couple of people get up a head for the door. Eddie gets to his feet and heads for the door. Partida hi the gavel.
159) 13) text: Eddie halts with his hand on the knob.
161) 0) text: The Comachos come up the stairs, led by Luis. They stop a Eddie's door. They pull out their guns, and kick the door in. Across the hall, Pirelli's door opens, and Pirelli, holdi his pistol steps into the hall. The Comachos turn and fire, blasting Pirelli back into hi apartment. Through the open door we see Diana dash across the living room.
163) 0) text: Eddie is on the witness stand.
163) 1) dialog: I can't comment on that. It was over  before I got there.
163) 3) dialog: Cragie's in my unit, yes.
163) 5) dialog: I did.
163) 7) dialog: No, I didn't.
163) 10) dialog: Yes.
163) 13) dialog: Maybe 30 years is too long for anyone  to look at the city's guts, Mr.  Partida.
163) 15) dialog: It was denied.
163) 18) text: Eddie glances over the letter and hands it back.
163) 19) dialog: I don't agree with what it says.
163) 21) dialog: That's what I'm saying.
164) 0) text: The reporters are clustered around Eddie as he emerges bu he walks past them back to the pay phone. He puts in a qu and dials. Frowns. The cops in the corridor are passing the word about Eddie testimony, discussing it in little clusters. Their appear is frightening. Eddie dials another number.
164) 1) dialog: (to phone) I just dialed 348-6610, and I get  this funny buzz. Check the line for  me? Thanks.
164) 7) text: Eddie drops the phone.
165) 0) text: Eddie races down the hallway past hostile clusters of for friends.
166) 0) text: Roaring north on the boulevard without regard to traffic, Eddie speeds toward his house in his rattling Chevy.
167) 0) text: Eddie rockets through the red lights LEANING on his HORN.
168) 0) text: Eddie runs up the stairs, and slows when he sees Odell. T boy is sitting on the floor, head in his hands, crying. Just past Odell, several uniformed policemen are standing over Pirelli's body. They step back as Eddie approaches.
168) 2) dialog: Yeah.
169) 0) text: Eddie hurries to the bedroom and back. He rushes out of t apartment.
170) 0) text: Eddie runs for the Chevy and peels away from the curb.
171) 0) text: Eddie is on the radio, speeding west on Diversey Parkway.
171) 1) dialog: (to mike) Squad, this is 1462. I need a backup.  Have 64 and 63 from TAC 4 meet me at  the billiard parlor on 18th near  Halsted. Questioning suspects.
174) 0) text: Eddie squeals to a stop, hops out of the car, starts for pool hall. Eddie enters the poolhall.
175) 0) text: The place is busy. Everybody in sight is either mean or u Eddie enters and a dozen pair of eyes are on him. The pool players not connected with this confrontation ta one look at him, hang up their cues, and split. Eddie heads for the back of the room. A pair of heavyweig fall in behind him. One of them grabs Eddie.
175) 2) dialog: I want your opinion I'll beat it out  of you.
175) 3) text: Eddie spins with deadly precision and catches them in mid step and they go down like gut-shot rhinos. He heads for the rear hallway and everybody clears a path He steps up to the door in back and kicks it in.
176) 1) dialog: Where is Luis?
176) 3) text: Eddie grabs Degas by the hair and starts slamming his fac into the mirror which shatters with every blow.
176) 4) dialog: Talk to me, Degas, or I'll hit you  with so many lefts you're gonna beg  for a right.
176) 7) text: Eddie lifts the head once and gives Degas one punch in th face that sends him ass over teakettle across the floor.
177) 0) text: Beneath the lighted map of Area 4, the police dispatcher  trying to raise Eddie's backup.
178) 0) text: Eddie opens the door and emerges from the back room. A do Comacho goons have gathered. Behind them are another two  dozen hostile spectators. But no sign of the backup. He pulls out his gun. The remaining innocent bystanders s for the exit. Eddie walks forward into the room. The Coma and their soldiers stand around him. Several have guns. Eddie keeps them under the point of his gun. He gets to t door and has to turn his back on it to keep the gang in h sights. A gun is pressed into Eddie's back. He drops his gun. Luis kicks Eddie across the room. Eddie lands at the feet the gang.
178) 2) text: Eddie springs to his feet, and in the same motion decks h nearest attacker. The battle is on. Hardwood pool cues cr around him. The first four or five never get a chance to lay a finger him. Battered and broken, they litter the billiard tables and floor. But Eddie is outnumbered 20 to 1.
181) 0) text: Coming at Eddie now from all sides, the Comachos wear int him. Finally they begin to connect. Blind-sided, he goes  down and they are on him like jackals. They drag him to the top of the rear stairs, and kick him down to the alley. It seems like they are about to finish him off when sudde all is quiet. The crowd parts. Eddie looks up through swo eyes to see Luis Comacho standing above him, cool as ice. Luis reaches down and pulls Eddie's head up by the ear.
182) 0) text: Eddie opens a bloody eye and looks over his surroundings. He's alone. He moves, a joint at a time, checking himself out. Staggering to his feet, he opens a spiggot on the wall. H lets the cold water wash over his head.
184) 0) text: Donato comes out the back door of the poolhall, and finds Eddie sitting on his haunches and resting against a wall  between two garbage cans.
184) 2) dialog: You're Ok, Hopalong.
184) 3) text: Donato holsters his gun, and helps Eddie to his feet.
184) 5) dialog: They got Diana Luna.
184) 7) text: Eddie runs down the alley toward his car.
185) 0) text: Eddie's car pulls up. He gets out and runs inside.
187) 0) text: Eddie runs through the cavernous lobby.
188) 0) text: Eddie arrives in time to see Tony step into a waiting Cad that immediately takes off. Eddie races up the ramp to his car.
189) 0) text: Eddie jumps into his car, and roars away in pursuit of th Cadillac.
191) 0) text: The Cadillac rockets through the empty orange-lighted can of the financial district, with Eddie in hot pursuit.
194) 0) text: Eddie is gaining in the battered Chevy. The Cadillac rock up the next ramp to the street level.
195) 0) text: The Cadillac zooms up from below, crosses the intersectio and immediately takes the next down-ramp. Eddie flies up  from below, briefly airborne, barreling after them into t tunnel.
196) 0) text: A block later the Cadillac heads topside again. Eddie tak a gamble and goes straight ahead. At the next down-ramp, the Cadillac descends and Tony's b find themselves doing 70 knots side by side with Eddie in the other lane. In the narrow concrete tunnel, the two cars battle each o like bulls in a chute, each one trying to cut the other o bouncing from each other into the walls and back again.
198) 0) text: The Cadillac ROARS out of control, its dead driver's foot pressing the accelerator to the floor. Scalese, in the fr seat, tries to grab the wheel. Eddie is all over the road trying to avoid them. The rive and the curve are ahead. Scalese's car hits the median at high speed, rolls, and s SCREAMING into a concrete pillar and EXPLODES. Eddie stands on the brakes as his car slides alongside th flaming wreckage.
199) 0) text: Eddie's car is on fire now, and the doors have been ramme shut. He kicks the window out on the passenger side.
200) 0) text: Eddie runs for his life. The explosion knocks him to his  knees. He gets up and moves away, looking back at Luna's and  Scalese's spectacular funeral pyre.
201) 0) text: The fire engines and police cars are arriving from every  direction. With the flames still lighting his face, Eddie is making call.
201) 1) dialog: You tell Luis I got Tony Luna for  him. Get me a time and place.
203) 0) text: Eddie's car is totally ablaze. He walks past the streamin hoses and slips into a parked blue and white, it's mars l still flashing. He roars off.
204) 0) text: The giant door opens, and a lone blue and white pulls in parks. The place is deserted except for the duty officer who sit in his tiny office watching television with his half-nake girlfriend. Eddie enters silently, glances into the duty office, and  heads to the other end of the large hall. In the background we see the practice apartment set, the  boxing ring, and several special task force undercover  vehicles seen before.
205) 0) text: Eddie opens his locker and takes out his sawed-off automa shotgun. He checks the action. He loads it. He fills a du bag with ammo and drops in another gun. He closes the loc and heads out.
206) 0) text: The duty officer is still occupied. Eddie eases past him checks the key-board at the desk. He finds what he's look for. He lifts a set of keys from the hook.
208) 0) text: This city garbage van, an immense blue semi-trailer, is m south on the Dan Ryan at incredible speed, pushing traffi out of the way like a battleship slicing through Sunday  boaters. Eddie is at the wheel.
214) 0) text: Eddie's eyes search the harbour as he maneuvers slowly  alongside a rusting freighter. He stops and gets out.
215) 0) text: Eddie opens the rear of the truck and lowers a ramp.
215) 1) dialog: Here we go partner.
217) 0) text: Against the grotesque shapes of the surrounding scrapyard Eddie moves quickly from one concealment to the next, cro low, advancing on the abandoned factory at the end of the dock. He lays down his duffle and pulls out a Halliburton case. opens it.
221) 0) text: Eddies eyes watch the miniature monitor of the Prowler's  hand controller. On the monitor WE CAN SEE the Comachos  running out in the front of the factory from the camera o top of the Prowler. Eddie gets up and moves toward the factory. He looks up a several high broken windows.
222) 0) text: The Prowler is having a field day. It's electronic sensor trace the source of every hostile shot and immediately re a withering stream of hot lead that chews the surrounding scenery -- and several Comachos -- to pieces. But Eddie has not figured out how to control the Prowler' BULLHORN VOICE command system. It continues to BARK ORDER to the dead hoodlums in three languages.
224) 0) text: Diana, tied to the chair, is momentarily alone as the gua rush out to the floor of the factory to see what's happen The two guards, their guns flying from their hands, are  hammered back into the room by Eddie who blasts through t door after them. Diana is petrified.
226) 0) text: The "Prowler" rolls around the corner, its brutal turret  bristling with firepower. It is driving Luis and the othe stupefied Comachos further back into the building. Eddie guides his deadly partner with the hand controller. The Comachos dive for cover and spray the miniature tank  with AUTOMATIC FIRE. But they are no match. Two continuou streams of hot lead chew up the place, splintering the lo dock and the catwalk hiding places and disintegrating the structure, churning the Comachos to hamburger.
226) 1) text: Eddie goes down and the Prowler hand controller falls to ground, shattered. The Prowler goes berserk, SPRAYING DEATH in a 360 degree  circle until all the ammo is gone. Then SILENCE. Eddie touches the blood on the side of his leg. It's not  serious. It appears everyone is out of ammunition. But a few Comac are still hidden in the factory. Eddie is after them like a tiger. Victor, shoulder still  bandaged, never has a chance. He goes down, battered and  broken. But Luis has crept up behind Eddie. He jumps over a steel plate. He's going for Diana, a long knife in his hand. Eddie reaches for a reload. Puts it in his magnum. Aims, blows Luis away just as he reaches for Diana.
227) 0) text: Across the littered battlefield, Eddie escorts Diana towa the light streaming through the factory entrance. He take off his jacket and wraps it around Diana's shoulders.
229) 0) text: Emergency vehicles are arriving, and more squad cars, pad wagons, and fire engines. Eddie walks by the cops toward an ambulance, now carrying Diana. Kates calls out after him.
229) 2) text: Eddie stops, slowly turns around. There is a long pause.
229) 4) text: Eddie hands Diana over to the waiting medics, who put her the ambulance. We pull back further and further until we see the rest of the Home Team. The ambulance, carrying Diana, pulls away  with it's lights flashing. Eddie walks down the pier alone.