60) 27) text: Tony sorts through the closet looking for a jacket. Gamiani comes in puffing with a clumsily wrapped present  under his arm.
60) 28) dialog: Hey, Tony. What's shaking? Sorry I'm  late. I got stuck on Wacker. Some  spook...
60) 30) dialog: Oh sweet Jesus.
60) 34) text: He slaps her. She slaps him back, turns, grabs her purse, and runs out. Tony watches her go and turns to Gamiani.
60) 37) dialog: You got it, Tony. What about your  uncle?
60) 39) text: Molly comes down with the bag. Tony takes it from her and starts out the door. Suddenly he turns back, snatches  Gamiani's present from his hands, and thrust it at his wi
60) 41) text: Tony rushes out the door. Gamiani goes to the phone. Molly is left alone in the doorway.
68) 0) text: Eddie and Kosalas cruise the Rush Street area at night. T search the neon lit crowds on the sidewalks for a glimpse Lou Gamiani.
71) 0) text: LOU GAMIANI, 55, Italian, and huge, comes out the front d of a brownstone, and gives a perfunctory kiss to his agin "Playmate", who stands in the doorway in a housecoat. Gam comes down the steps, and jumps into a car. In the car with Gamiani, a fat man, TITO, is at the wheel They pull into the street passing the unmarked car.
72) 0) text: Trailing Gamiani and his partner through the North Side  neighborhoods, they wind up in Lincoln Park. With considerable skill Kosalas and Eddie manage to stick them undetected.
73) 0) text: Gamiani and Tito park by the botanical gardens and stroll past the fields of flowers into the zoo. Eddie and Kosala follow.
74) 0) text: Strolling among the baby elephants and fuzzy rabbits, the two heavies could not be more out of place. Tito has a ra form. Lou, tall enough to see over heads, looks like a lo gorilla on the prowl. He is searching for somebody. Surrounding the incubators filled with hatching chicks is cluster of schoolchildren. They are having a ball. Eddie has noticed DIANA, a lovely 19 year old who is in c of the children. And she has noticed Gamiani. She's visibly upset.
74) 5) text: She crosses to the two goons and looks up at Gamiani.
74) 9) text: Gamiani shrugs, his pal Tito seems embarrassed, but they  don't move.
76) 0) text: Diana is on the front steps of the library saying good-by to two of the children from the zoo. She hands them over their mothers, and goes up the steps into the building. Gamiani and Tito pull over and park down the street. Eddie comes around the corner, and follows her in.
80) 0) text: Diana comes down the steps, wading through the swarm of  homebound commuters, and catches a cab. And head and shoulders above the crowd, scanning the tops heads, is Lou Gamiani. Tito comes around the corner in his car, and pulls up to curb. Gamiani jumps in, and they take off after Diana's c Eddie and Kosalas follow in Eddie's car.
83) 0) text: The taxi stops in front of an ancient brick loft building Diana and her friend get out and hit the buzzer at an unm door. The door opens and they disappears inside. Gamiani's car cruises past. It pulls up at the corner and it's lights switch off. Eddie's car pulls up. Eddie hops out. Kosalas slides behi the wheel.
124) 0) text: Gamiani tells Diana about her mother and grandmother.
126) 0) text: Lou Gamiani emerges from the building with Diana. She is  terrified. He checks out the scene, then descends the crowded steps crosses the street, keeping a sharp lookout.
128) 0) text: Distracted for an instant by a cluster of conventioneers, Lou fails to notice the two Comachos who have fallen in s behind them. He goes down with a gasp, almost silently, a knife sticking from his back. A Comacho grabs Diana's arm She jabs him in the eyes, and runs. Diana disappears into the crowd. Hysterical citizens scatter in all directions. A woman st in horror unable to keep from looking at Gamiani's body l on the sidewalk. She SCREAMS. Eddie and Kosalas come crashing out of the entrance of th museum. The girl isn't here. Eddie spots a commotion at the end of the block, under th el station. He dashes down the steps and across the street with traff screeching to a halt. Kosalas flags down a blue and white, and barks for backup then tears out after Eddie.