58) 2) text: And now comes a mystery jet, wearing no company colors,  banking in over Lake Point Tower and WHISTLING low over t Planetarium to a touchdown. The white Learjet taxis to a halt at the far end of the f as an undistinguished Buick rolls down the ramp to meet i Eddie and Kosalas stand by their car, parked across the r from the Learjet. The jet's engines shut down, the door opens, and a grim b handsome man emerges. LUIS COMACHO, a cruel and uncomprom survivor, has arrived. With him is an incredibly beautifu exotic woman. He is met by Pompas and Efren Comacho, the two lookouts w survived the raid. And Victor Comacho, who was wounded in the raid, is here with his shoulder bandaged.
59) 0) text: From where Eddie and Kosalas are standing it is impossibl to hear the conversation at the Learjet, but it is clear  that Luis Comacho is upset. They see Luis slap Pompas and Efren. Then he grabs Victor by both arms, ignoring his wo and screams at him.
65) 0) text: The curtain is drawn back from the viewing window and the Comachos SEE the bodies of their cousins. Luis is here wi Pompas, Efren, and Victor. Their attorney, Sanchez, has j them. They are speaking Spanish.
65) 2) text: Luis says nothing. He looks through the window at the bod Finally he speaks.
65) 3) dialog: (subtitle) Get them out of here. Fix them up. I  want them to be beautiful for their  mother.
65) 5) dialog: (subtitle) I promise you, my brothers, there  will be blood for blood.
66) 0) text: Luis Comacho storms out of the room into the corridor fol by the others. Eddie and Kosalas are just entering. Victor spots Eddie a turns to Luis.
66) 2) text: The Comachos slow down. The two groups survey each other Luis, hatred oozing from his eyes. And Eddie, without slo looks the vicious Colombian over with cool contempt. Eddie walks by.
66) 3) dialog: How much did they pay you to set up  my brothers, Pig.
66) 4) text: Eddie freezes, makes a slow turn, and meets Luis' eyes. Suddenly Eddie moves, faster than anyone else can react t and he has Luis pinned to the wall, choking him.
66) 6) text: He releases Luis just as quickly, and turns to walk out,  Kosalas backing with him, hand on gun. Luis gets some air back, and starts to scream.
66) 7) dialog: (subtitle) You're meat cop! Dead meat!
93) 0) text: A funeral cortege makes it's way sedately down the street past the Comacho owned pool hall. Two hearses, a flower c a limo, and several other cars with funeral stickers on t windshields pass bye. The slain Comacho cousins from the  raid are being escorted to the cemetery. Luis Comacho is in the limo along with the woman from the airport.
97) 0) text: Luis Comacho takes a flower and tosses it out the window he cruises past the two goons. Their EYES LOCK. Tito walk up and grinds the flower into the ground with his shoe.
104) 0) text: Luis is directing things as they are preparing for battle The weaponry spread on the table is astonishing.
116) 0) text: Luis Comacho sits in a car in the next block surveying th scene. The cousins are walking briskly out. They jump in car and drive off.
117) 0) text: Luis nods to his driver. They pull away.
127) 0) text: Luis and Victor Comacho loiter by the outdoor flower stan next to the library. They watch the activity on the libra steps.
156) 0) text: A carload of Comachos, including Luis, cruises down the s and parks in the alley next to Eddie's building.
161) 0) text: The Comachos come up the stairs, led by Luis. They stop a Eddie's door. They pull out their guns, and kick the door in. Across the hall, Pirelli's door opens, and Pirelli, holdi his pistol steps into the hall. The Comachos turn and fire, blasting Pirelli back into hi apartment. Through the open door we see Diana dash across the living room.
162) 0) text: Luis and his men burst in. Diana runs for the phone. A Comacho takes it from her and rips it from the wall. Diana is caught by two Comachos.
178) 0) text: Eddie opens the door and emerges from the back room. A do Comacho goons have gathered. Behind them are another two  dozen hostile spectators. But no sign of the backup. He pulls out his gun. The remaining innocent bystanders s for the exit. Eddie walks forward into the room. The Coma and their soldiers stand around him. Several have guns. Eddie keeps them under the point of his gun. He gets to t door and has to turn his back on it to keep the gang in h sights. A gun is pressed into Eddie's back. He drops his gun. Luis kicks Eddie across the room. Eddie lands at the feet the gang.
178) 1) dialog: Take him apart.
181) 0) text: Coming at Eddie now from all sides, the Comachos wear int him. Finally they begin to connect. Blind-sided, he goes  down and they are on him like jackals. They drag him to the top of the rear stairs, and kick him down to the alley. It seems like they are about to finish him off when sudde all is quiet. The crowd parts. Eddie looks up through swo eyes to see Luis Comacho standing above him, cool as ice. Luis reaches down and pulls Eddie's head up by the ear.
181) 1) dialog: The sun comes up. You give me Luna,  or the girl dies -- slow.
181) 2) text: Luis kicks him in the face.
202) 0) text: Diana is in bad shape. She is tied up. Numb with terror s listens, not comprehending, as the Comachos discuss their plans for her in Spanish. Luis comes over to her, and with his knife begins cutting off part of her clothes.
202) 1) dialog: Your cop friend is smart. Too smart  and he dies. Then I take care of you  personally.
209) 0) text: Among the dockside ruins of the old facility, Luis carefu checks his snipers and lookouts. Shouting in Spanish, he  directs them into position. From the distance we see a signal from the Comacho statio at the top of a huge grain elevator overlooking the Calum Harbor.
211) 0) text: Diana, now hanging from her wrists like a slab of beef, i guarded by a couple of Luis' boys, eyeing her hungrily. Luis enters.
211) 1) dialog: (subtitles) Take off the gag. I want them to  hear her.
212) 0) text: Luis scans the daybreak sky. He and Efren take up positio Above them and around them, every line of fire is covered
216) 0) text: The Comachos are ready and waiting. Luis walks through th middle of the vast empty plant toward the front, checking his troops one last time.
220) 0) text: The SOUND of MACHINEGUN FIRE from outside galvanizes the  Comachos. Luis runs through the long building toward the  front with half a dozen of his men, all SHOUTING.
223) 0) text: Luis runs through the empty plant toward the office screa to Diana's guards.
223) 1) dialog: (subtitles) Now! Do it now! Kill her!
226) 0) text: The "Prowler" rolls around the corner, its brutal turret  bristling with firepower. It is driving Luis and the othe stupefied Comachos further back into the building. Eddie guides his deadly partner with the hand controller. The Comachos dive for cover and spray the miniature tank  with AUTOMATIC FIRE. But they are no match. Two continuou streams of hot lead chew up the place, splintering the lo dock and the catwalk hiding places and disintegrating the structure, churning the Comachos to hamburger.
226) 1) text: Eddie goes down and the Prowler hand controller falls to ground, shattered. The Prowler goes berserk, SPRAYING DEATH in a 360 degree  circle until all the ammo is gone. Then SILENCE. Eddie touches the blood on the side of his leg. It's not  serious. It appears everyone is out of ammunition. But a few Comac are still hidden in the factory. Eddie is after them like a tiger. Victor, shoulder still  bandaged, never has a chance. He goes down, battered and  broken. But Luis has crept up behind Eddie. He jumps over a steel plate. He's going for Diana, a long knife in his hand. Eddie reaches for a reload. Puts it in his magnum. Aims, blows Luis away just as he reaches for Diana.