6) 0) text: At the corner in a beat up Pontiac are officers MUSIC and BRENNAN. The two rough looking detectives follow Doc's ca through half closed eyes. They also HEAR Spider's TRANSMITTER. The quality of the  reception improves as Spider and his antennae clear the s support structure of the el platform.
7) 2) dialog: (from radio) Copy Shortstop. Double play. We're  with him now.
9) 3) dialog: (from radio) Yeah, we got the on him. He's headin  for the alley.
16) 0) text: Music doesn't like this.
16) 1) dialog: What the hell is this cat up to?
16) 3) dialog: At this hour.
17) 0) text: As Music and Brennan watch from their car, the four paint get out of their truck, unpack their ladders and tools, a begin to carry their equipment into the building next doo to the stakeout.
22) 2) dialog: (from radio) Their Right Field's Clear. Those  painters are out of the way.
22) 4) dialog: (from radio) We got a painting crew of painters  just went in the building next door.
29) 0) text: Brennan, Music and Kobas are now on their way, using park cars to cover their advance toward the front door of the  Comacho building.
40) 0) text: Music, Brennan, and Kobas rush the front door of the Coma building, and enter.
53) 0) text: The two Comacho lookouts who survived the raid, Efren and Pompas, have been brought in for questioning. The  interrogation is taking place in a small room. Officers Brennan and Music are here with Eddie. The Comachos sit silent as stones.
53) 1) dialog: (to Efren) You know that, Efren. When your big  bad brother Luis gets the word, your  ass is freeze dried and fried.
53) 2) text: Efren stares ahead. Music looks at Eddie who is fiddling  with the Rubic's Cube, to little success. Brennan takes Music's place. He kicks Pompas' chair hard.
86) 0) text: A hundred people are jammed into the studio. It feels lik the Star Wars Saloon. The LIVE MUSICIANS match the look o the party. The costumes are outrageous. Everyone is danci Eddie looks the place over. He spots Diana. Eddie walks over to her, grabbing a drink along the way. sidles up to Diana.
91) 0) text: We see Music talking to several cops working out the exer machines, and getting signatures on Cragie's petition.
94) 0) text: Brennan and Music are following the procession. Brennan i on the radio.
94) 1) dialog: (to mike) The funeral director says they plan  on cruisin right past luna's house.
98) 0) text: Brennan and Music bring up the rear in their ummarked car
110) 0) text: A body lies in the flowers in the service area next to th giant greenhouse. Several unmarked cars and two blue and  whites are parked in the dirt drive as Eddie and Kosalas  pull up. The cops have roped off the area. Music and Bren are there. Eddie looks at the body as Music comes over.
110) 1) dialog: Tony Luna's bagman.
110) 3) dialog: They call that a Columbian necktie.
110) 5) dialog: They found the manager of Tony's  restaurant hanging from a hook in  his kitchen. Looked like someone  tried to carve a canoe out of him.  Tony's used car lot on Ashland is  burning as we speak. The head salesman  is a fried zuccini.
121) 4) dialog: (on radio) Two male caucasians, two female. One  mid-to-late forties. The other a  grandmother.
146) 2) text: He hangs up and heads back to his table, passing Officer  Music at the bar.
146) 3) dialog: You oughta crash, man. You had a  helluva day.
172) 0) text: Music is standing on a streetcorner talking to a couple o hookers. Down the street, Brennan waits in their unmarked car.
173) 4) text: Music returns to the car and gets in.
210) 0) text: Kosalas enters. The place is in chaos. He joins the crowd gathered in the center of the facility. Brennan and Cragi are here. So is Music. Commander Kates has just arrived.
210) 3) dialog: (shakes his head) He's a fucking one man army now.
228) 0) text: The pier is crawling with cops with more arriving every  second. A fire boat is extinguishing the blaze set by the Prowler incendiary ammunition. The bodies of the Comachos lying everywhere astound the  arriving "Home Team." Officer Kosalas screeches to a halt and jumps from his ca Brennan and Music are running down the dock. Donato, a ca on his leg, hobbles after them.