6) 0) text: At the corner in a beat up Pontiac are officers MUSIC and BRENNAN. The two rough looking detectives follow Doc's ca through half closed eyes. They also HEAR Spider's TRANSMITTER. The quality of the  reception improves as Spider and his antennae clear the s support structure of the el platform.
44) 0) text: Luna pulls out PEELING RUBBER, but he's nearly surrounded squad cars have pulled in blocking both ends of the stree Another squad car screeches to a halt and both officers j out and start firing. Luna hits the fender of the squad car head on, knocking b officers to the ground. He spins the van around with cops FIRING from every angle, jumps the curb, and roars past t roadblock on the sidewalk with pedestrians leaping in all directions.
53) 0) text: The two Comacho lookouts who survived the raid, Efren and Pompas, have been brought in for questioning. The  interrogation is taking place in a small room. Officers Brennan and Music are here with Eddie. The Comachos sit silent as stones.
64) 2) text: The machine's three video eyes, searching the crowd  independently, give it the appearance of an extra-industr bug. One camera is mounted on a telescoping mast which ex to give it the perspective of a giraffe. The thing seems  almost alive. Commander Kates is here, leading a contingent of departme brass. With them are several dozen officers and a gaggle city councilmen. The Prowler is being put through its paces by the FACTORY ENGINEER. He controls the machine with a pistol-grip devi that looks like a small TV camera.
88) 0) text: Several plainclothes officers, some of them women, stand either side of the door with their backs to the wall, gun at the ready. One of the men reaches out and POUNDS on th door.
88) 1) dialog: Police! Open up!
146) 2) text: He hangs up and heads back to his table, passing Officer  Music at the bar.
155) 4) text: The room is packed. In addition to the police officers,  character witnesses, and friends of the dead kid, there a a dozen reporters. Eddie enters and looks over the scene. He nods to Donato, sitting at the rail with his foot propped up.
155) 8) text: Eddie takes a seat. Officer Cragie is called back to the  witness stand.
179) 2) dialog: (from radio) Squad. 47. We're having vehicular  problems. Not able to respond.
204) 0) text: The giant door opens, and a lone blue and white pulls in parks. The place is deserted except for the duty officer who sit in his tiny office watching television with his half-nake girlfriend. Eddie enters silently, glances into the duty office, and  heads to the other end of the large hall. In the background we see the practice apartment set, the  boxing ring, and several special task force undercover  vehicles seen before.
206) 0) text: The duty officer is still occupied. Eddie eases past him checks the key-board at the desk. He finds what he's look for. He lifts a set of keys from the hook.
228) 0) text: The pier is crawling with cops with more arriving every  second. A fire boat is extinguishing the blaze set by the Prowler incendiary ammunition. The bodies of the Comachos lying everywhere astound the  arriving "Home Team." Officer Kosalas screeches to a halt and jumps from his ca Brennan and Music are running down the dock. Donato, a ca on his leg, hobbles after them.