11) 0) text: A muscular Latino, POMPAS COMACHO, leads Spider and Doc d the paint-peeling corridor. The SOUND of BABIES CRYING an FAMILIES WAKING gives a sense of teeming humanity behind  every door. The Latino knocks at a door heavily fortified with burgla bars. The door opens. The bars are unlocked.
11) 3) text: Pompas leaves the two men and heads down the stairs towar the front door.
53) 0) text: The two Comacho lookouts who survived the raid, Efren and Pompas, have been brought in for questioning. The  interrogation is taking place in a small room. Officers Brennan and Music are here with Eddie. The Comachos sit silent as stones.
53) 2) text: Efren stares ahead. Music looks at Eddie who is fiddling  with the Rubic's Cube, to little success. Brennan takes Music's place. He kicks Pompas' chair hard.
53) 4) dialog: (in Spanish) Your mother fucks dogs in the street.
53) 6) text: It's not a joke, but a threat. Pompas spits at Brennan.  Brennan is enraged, but Eddie pushes him back with a hand Eddie faces the Comachos.
58) 2) text: And now comes a mystery jet, wearing no company colors,  banking in over Lake Point Tower and WHISTLING low over t Planetarium to a touchdown. The white Learjet taxis to a halt at the far end of the f as an undistinguished Buick rolls down the ramp to meet i Eddie and Kosalas stand by their car, parked across the r from the Learjet. The jet's engines shut down, the door opens, and a grim b handsome man emerges. LUIS COMACHO, a cruel and uncomprom survivor, has arrived. With him is an incredibly beautifu exotic woman. He is met by Pompas and Efren Comacho, the two lookouts w survived the raid. And Victor Comacho, who was wounded in the raid, is here with his shoulder bandaged.
59) 0) text: From where Eddie and Kosalas are standing it is impossibl to hear the conversation at the Learjet, but it is clear  that Luis Comacho is upset. They see Luis slap Pompas and Efren. Then he grabs Victor by both arms, ignoring his wo and screams at him.
65) 0) text: The curtain is drawn back from the viewing window and the Comachos SEE the bodies of their cousins. Luis is here wi Pompas, Efren, and Victor. Their attorney, Sanchez, has j them. They are speaking Spanish.
102) 0) text: Pompas and Efren Comacho drive through the gate and enter the warehouse as the door opens for them.
125) 0) text: Three Comachos; Pompas, Efren, and ANGEL, search for Dian
134) 0) text: The green flourescents of the "Emerald City" give a death cast to the underground street as Diana rounds the corner and collapses against the wall. Her heart pounding like a frightened deer, she has run as far as she can. Pompas Comacho and two of his colleagues come racing arou the corner. They spot her crouched against the wall. She starts to SCREAM but Angel grabs her by the collar an pulls her up to his face and she stops, wide-eyed with te as he touches her throat with his knife.
134) 1) dialog: Come on, Chika. We gonna have some  fun. You gonna take us to your father.