2) 0) text: SPIDER, a nervous looking black man, steps out onto the  platform. As the train pulls away we see him reach into h shirt pocket and CLICKS his ball point pen a couple of ti He WHISPERS into it. It is a concealed radio transmitter.
2) 1) dialog: Say, hey, Cub fans, I hope to hell  y'all down there cause we got a big  game today.
3) 1) dialog: (from radio) The school bus be waitin.
4) 1) dialog: (from radio) S'happenin, Doc?
4) 3) dialog: (from radio) We ain't got far to go.
5) 0) text: DOC is at the wheel of a late model Cadillac. Spider gets and they pull slowly away from the curb.
6) 0) text: At the corner in a beat up Pontiac are officers MUSIC and BRENNAN. The two rough looking detectives follow Doc's ca through half closed eyes. They also HEAR Spider's TRANSMITTER. The quality of the  reception improves as Spider and his antennae clear the s support structure of the el platform.
6) 2) dialog: (from radio) Dig it. Too close to real work for  me.
6) 3) text: Doc and Spider talk in a nervous false bravado.
10) 0) text: Eddie wrestles another garbage can into the truck's hoppe as Doc's car cruises slowly past. Eddie and Spider LOCK EYES for a split second. The car moves on and stops at the far end of the alley. T lights switch off. After a moment, Spider and Doc leave t car and check out the scene. Doc carries a satchel.
10) 2) dialog: (from radio) We real cool, Doc. We're frosty. We  jus' doin' a little business, you  know? Ain't no big thing.
11) 0) text: A muscular Latino, POMPAS COMACHO, leads Spider and Doc d the paint-peeling corridor. The SOUND of BABIES CRYING an FAMILIES WAKING gives a sense of teeming humanity behind  every door. The Latino knocks at a door heavily fortified with burgla bars. The door opens. The bars are unlocked.
11) 1) dialog: How y'all doin?
12) 0) text: Doc and Spider enter. They're patted down. A sleepy eyed Latino woman comes to stand in the bedroom  doorway. VICTOR COMACHO barks at her in Spanish, and she  disappears into the bedroom.
13) 2) dialog: You do that real nice, Pancho. what  say we get married.
18) 0) text: The room is small and bare. A selling den. VICTOR COMACHO and TWO COUSINS, all young and vicious, are sitting aroun formica table with the two buyers, Doc and Spider. The  Comachos are heavily armed. There is plenty of tension al around, but Doc seems a little more nervous than the rest This is an enormous buy. Doc has placed a bowling satchel full of bundled $20's, $50's, and $100's on the table. Vi is counting it rapidly.
18) 1) dialog: This be better than jukin' Seven- Elevens, huh Victor?
26) 0) text: Doc and Spider are blown backwards in their chairs. One o the cousins has fallen across the piles of money and drug Victor and the other cousin are slumped on the floor. The woman in the bedroom is screaming. Through the jagged glass around the window frame, Tony's  boys shove a broad plank.