21) 0) text: The painters are not what they seem. Working quickly,  silently, they open their tool kits and lay out their  hardware: machine guns and automatics. TONY LUNA, a barrel-chested Italian mobster is running th show and it's well rehearsed. His boys, GUS, VITO, and EE move like oiled machinery. Vito turns on a radio to a Latino station to cover the SO of their preparations. They remove the whole window from frame. Then they rest a wide plank on the window ledge. Three feet away is the window of the adjacent building an silhouetted against the shade we can SEE the drug deal. Luna'ys check their weapons. They put on painters' masks and goggles.
43) 0) text: At the front of the building Donato emerges from the  passageway and he's met by a HAIL of GUNFIRE. He jumps ba and takes a more cautious look. Tony Luna and Gus make a run for the van. Donato steps ou from between the two buildings and raises his gun. But he hasn't seen Eenie, just coming out of the building next door. Eenie fires and Donato goes down, wounded in the foot. Bu before Eenie can get off another shot -- -- Eddie leaps from the gangway and drops Eenie with a BU from his AUTOMATIC.
60) 17) text: Diana hands Molly a card from the table. Molly starts to  open it. Tony Luna burst in from another room.
60) 18) dialog: Molly! Pack me a bag! Quick! Ok?  C'mon I'm in a hurry!
60) 21) dialog: Business! C'mon, move. Do what I  tell you!
60) 24) dialog: I ain't got time to put up with your  bullshit today.
60) 29) dialog: Victor Comacho is alive.
60) 33) dialog: Shut up!
60) 35) dialog: Put someone on the house. And you  keep an eye on her.
60) 38) dialog: What Felix don't know doesn't hurt  him.
60) 40) dialog: Here. Happy birthday.
95) 0) text: Tito, one of Tony Luna's bodyguards, watches from the ste of Luna's porch as a procession of cars follows the hears slowly up the street. At the end of the block, an old man is selling produce to the neighborhood housewives off the tailgate of his truck They watch the procession in wonder.
100) 0) text: At the pay phone next to a lakeside bait shop, Tony Luna getting the word. He's worried.
119) 0) text: Pines reflect in the dappled lake as Tony Luna rows slowl for shore. He ties up at the dock. He's taking his tackle out of the boat when one of his boys comes running down t the dock. We cannot hear the conversation but we can see Tony drop tackle box and we can hear his SCREAM echo across the wat
186) 0) text: A train sits at the platform. Tony Luna is walking down t platform.
190) 1) dialog: (surprised) Hello, Felix.