12) 0) text: Doc and Spider enter. They're patted down. A sleepy eyed Latino woman comes to stand in the bedroom  doorway. VICTOR COMACHO barks at her in Spanish, and she  disappears into the bedroom.
18) 0) text: The room is small and bare. A selling den. VICTOR COMACHO and TWO COUSINS, all young and vicious, are sitting aroun formica table with the two buyers, Doc and Spider. The  Comachos are heavily armed. There is plenty of tension al around, but Doc seems a little more nervous than the rest This is an enormous buy. Doc has placed a bowling satchel full of bundled $20's, $50's, and $100's on the table. Vi is counting it rapidly.
18) 2) dialog: (to cousins in Spanish) This one's got some balls, huh? (to Spider) I don't juke anybody.
18) 3) text: Victor nods and one of the cousins brings in half a dozen brick-sized bundles of cocaine from the next room. Doc slices into one of the bags and with the tip of his k he drops a bit into a glass vial. He adds clear liquid wi an eye dropper and it instantly turns purple.
26) 0) text: Doc and Spider are blown backwards in their chairs. One o the cousins has fallen across the piles of money and drug Victor and the other cousin are slumped on the floor. The woman in the bedroom is screaming. Through the jagged glass around the window frame, Tony's  boys shove a broad plank.
31) 0) text: The woman is huddled in a corner, still screaming. Tony c to stand over her, and coldly shoots her. Then he rips of his mask and goggles as his boys clear the bodies and sco up the drugs and money from the table. Victor Comacho lies slumped against the wall, one side of his face and one shoulder bloodied. He appears dead, eyes open. But then he blinks once.
33) 0) text: Tony and his partners start back over the gangway to the  other building. Vito is bringing up the rear. Suddenly Victor Comacho comes to life. He gets off A BURS with his AUTOMATIC. Vito catches it in the back.
35) 0) text: Eddie jumps into the living room doorway, gun drawn, and  takes in the carnage. He kicks the gun out of Victor's ha and bounds to the shattered bay window and looks down in  time to SEE --
50) 0) text: The gangway is now filled with squad cars, ambulances, an cops. As the paramedics walk Victor Comacho to the ambulance,  bloody, bandaged, but very much alive, he and Eddie LOCK  EYES for a brief instant. Several ferocious looking Comacho relatives have been all inside the police lines. One of them steps close to Victo
50) 1) dialog: (to relative) Call Luis.
58) 2) text: And now comes a mystery jet, wearing no company colors,  banking in over Lake Point Tower and WHISTLING low over t Planetarium to a touchdown. The white Learjet taxis to a halt at the far end of the f as an undistinguished Buick rolls down the ramp to meet i Eddie and Kosalas stand by their car, parked across the r from the Learjet. The jet's engines shut down, the door opens, and a grim b handsome man emerges. LUIS COMACHO, a cruel and uncomprom survivor, has arrived. With him is an incredibly beautifu exotic woman. He is met by Pompas and Efren Comacho, the two lookouts w survived the raid. And Victor Comacho, who was wounded in the raid, is here with his shoulder bandaged.
59) 0) text: From where Eddie and Kosalas are standing it is impossibl to hear the conversation at the Learjet, but it is clear  that Luis Comacho is upset. They see Luis slap Pompas and Efren. Then he grabs Victor by both arms, ignoring his wo and screams at him.
59) 2) text: Victor grimaces, in great pain, and his knees buckle.
65) 0) text: The curtain is drawn back from the viewing window and the Comachos SEE the bodies of their cousins. Luis is here wi Pompas, Efren, and Victor. Their attorney, Sanchez, has j them. They are speaking Spanish.
66) 0) text: Luis Comacho storms out of the room into the corridor fol by the others. Eddie and Kosalas are just entering. Victor spots Eddie a turns to Luis.
66) 1) dialog: (subtitles) This is the cop.
127) 0) text: Luis and Victor Comacho loiter by the outdoor flower stan next to the library. They watch the activity on the libra steps.
226) 1) text: Eddie goes down and the Prowler hand controller falls to ground, shattered. The Prowler goes berserk, SPRAYING DEATH in a 360 degree  circle until all the ammo is gone. Then SILENCE. Eddie touches the blood on the side of his leg. It's not  serious. It appears everyone is out of ammunition. But a few Comac are still hidden in the factory. Eddie is after them like a tiger. Victor, shoulder still  bandaged, never has a chance. He goes down, battered and  broken. But Luis has crept up behind Eddie. He jumps over a steel plate. He's going for Diana, a long knife in his hand. Eddie reaches for a reload. Puts it in his magnum. Aims, blows Luis away just as he reaches for Diana.