2) 0) text: The sound of the lawn-mower ceases abruptly. BILL looks u sharply. The neighbours' heads come to rest on top of the garden fences. They turn, listening. BILL inclines his he towards the french windows, sensing the dread moment. He walks towards the door and is framed there. He regards hi parents.
3) 0) text: They look back with unseeing, inward-turned eyes. Young BILL gathers confused fragments of the fateful announcement.
3) 4) text: BILL turns to his sister.
3) 5) dialog: Stop that, Sue!
3) 7) dialog: She just sings it. She doesn't know what it means.
4) 0) text: BILL calls out from the garden. He is jumping up and down pointing at the sky.
4) 1) dialog: German planes! German planes!
4) 3) dialog: I did see them. I did.
4) 5) text: DAWN swings a fist at BILL and chases him inti the room, raining savage blows upon him.
5) 2) text: DAWN lunges at BILL. The GRANDMOTHER enters, tall, frail, elegant, ga-ga, deaf.
10) 3) text: BILL's voice echoes from inside the shelter.
10) 4) dialog: Dad. It's full of water again.
10) 6) dialog: Crocodiles! Aah!
10) 13) text: BILL sits on the steps at the half-open kitchen door and wrings the water from his socks. SUE comes in and GRACE signals MOLLY to be circumspect, but she blunders on.
10) 15) text: BILL listens, talking it all in. GRACE Watches little SUE waddle out carrying planes.
10) 27) text: SUE listening to this, sees BILL on the steps and gives h a questioning look. He shrugs, trying to conceal his anxiety from his sister.
11) 0) text: DAWN lies in bed, head buried in pillows in that deepest all sleep, the Sunday morning adolescent lie-in. BILL shakes her, jumps on top of her, imitates an air-raid warning, tries to pull off the bedclothes but she holds them tight.
11) 1) dialog: There's a soldier at he door, looking for you.
11) 4) dialog: It's dinner time. It really is. Cross my heart.
13) 10) text: He raises his arm slowly and languidly until his limp han just brushes his temple. A faraway look in his eyes disdains any acknowledgement of the insulting salute. A tiny skirmish in the class war. BILL and SUE swing on the leather straps of the Sam Brown They want him to stop. They sense something dangerous, alien, their father in an unfamiliar role, another person The wireless has been on all this time, playing music and now come the chimes of Big Ben. It is news time. The adul are suddenly stock-still and serious, leaving the childre stranded in an excited state..
14) 0) text: BILL slips into the garden, looks up at the leaden sky imploringly.
14) 1) dialog: Come on. Come on.
15) 0) text: The meal has been eaten. They are animated again, but mor reflective, DAWN is winding wool with GRANDMA. BILL and S have also left the table. BILL is looking at the Sam Browne, now slung over the armchair, with its tangy smell of deep polish like shiny milk chocolate, a mysterious ic of war. The conversation at the table drifts over to him.
15) 8) text: BILL sinks his teeth into Same Browne. He bites hard and pleased to see that his teeth marks go quite deep into th leather.
15) 20) text: They all have a good laugh at CLIVE'S expense and he take it well enough. BILL drifts over to his lead soldiers spread out in a corner of the room. They are an eclectic mix of cowboys, Indians, the Medieval Knights, as well as modern militia and a few farm animals.
15) 23) text: BILL sets a mounted knight against a clutch of modern infantry.
15) 26) text: BILL looks up with interest. The others fall silent.
16) 0) text: Later. The two men are in post-prandial sleep in the armchairs on either side of the fire. Sounds of washing u and women's voices come from the kitchen. BILL walks up very close and examines the two warriors from the Great War, or the First Wold War, as it was now coming to be known. Their mouths are open, slack. His father's false teeth click up and down as he breathes. MAC shifts his backside in his sleep to let a fart up from the side of t leatherette armchair. BILL looks at CLIVE's mottled skin, the stubble, the sagging epidermis around the eyes. He go to the mantelpiece and takes down a silver-framed picture of his father as a baby-faced second lieutenant wearing that same Sam Browne. BILL holds the picture next to his father's snoring face. Once again, a new bulletin begins the ever-playing wireless.
16) 1) dialog: Dad, the News. It's the News.
16) 4) text: BILL shakes him.
16) 5) dialog: But Dad, It's the News.
16) 7) text: BILL is confused. He still feels it is his duty to wake him.
16) 8) dialog: (shouting) The Germans! They've landed!
16) 10) dialog: Only joking.
17) 0) text: BILL and SUE are in two beds, side by side. Between them a crystal set and they are sharing the earphones listenin to Itma or Much Binding in the Marsh. Their door is half open and a gust of shots and cries rises from below. BILL gets up and goes to the door.
18) 0) text: BILL and SUE venture out on to the landing and peer throu the banisters to the hallway and front door below.
19) 15) text: SUE'S face creases and tears well up. BILL puts a protective arm about her.
20) 0) text: BILL and SUE slide under the bedclothes. SUE is whimperin
20) 1) dialog: We're not going to be like them when we grow up. We're not even like them now.
20) 2) text: He picks up the earphones and twiddles with the crystal wireless. It is the News again. BILL fiddles with the lea soldiers, his eyes getting heavy.
22) 3) dialog: It doesn't matter, I can drive the car home.
22) 5) dialog: Would.
22) 7) dialog: Could.
23) 0) text: CLIVE is putting the car on blocks, taking off the wheels BILL helps him.
23) 8) text: CLIVE laughs and tickles her, trying to get round her, ke it light. GRACE laughs despite herself. BILL makes a face disgusted by the show of sentiment.
24) 0) text: CLIVE leads BILL out on to the lawn, goes down on one kne and puts his hand on the boy's shoulder. He looks solemnl into his son's eyes.
24) 2) text: He flicks the ball out of his wrist. BILL nods.
24) 4) text: BILL knows that too. The ball comes out of his hand, spinning the other way.
24) 6) dialog: It's like telling fibs.
24) 8) text: BILL flicks the ball this way and that, experimenting. CLIVE watches him tenderly, a moment of perfect harmony. folds BILL in his arms, holding him fast.
25) 0) text: BILL swings on the front gate looking back at his mother, SUE and DAWN bidding their farewells to CLIVE in a confusion of tears and forced gaiety.
26) 1) dialog: Dad! Dad!
26) 2) text: CLIVE, now some twenty yards away, looks back. BILL throw the cricket ball and CLIVE catches it neatly. He smiles a marches down Rosehill Avenue. BILL is puzzled as CLIVE shows no sign of returning the ball. He calls after him.
26) 3) dialog: Dad!
26) 4) text: CLIVE is now eighty yards down the street. He suddenly turns smiling broadly, and with a prodigious throw he sen the ball in a high arc towards his son. BILL juggles his position, cups his hands, gets under it as the hard, heav ball hurtles downwards. At the last moment he loses his nerve and jumps back, letting the ball thump onto the law He looks towards CLIVE, full of shame. BILL is relieved t see that CLIVE has turned the corner.
27) 0) text: BILL winces as he and SUE are passed from hand to hand, hugged and kissed by many female members of the family - DAWN, GRANDMA and GRACE'S three sisters, FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY. MOLLY is on hand with MAC, the only male. On the table are the remains of the farewell party, an iced cake balloons, gaudy wrapping paper. Encouraging cries fly about. "Aren't you lucky?" "Isn't it exciting?" "I wish I could hide in your suitcase." From the smothering embrace BILL casts a pleading look to MAC who reaches out and hau him from the women.
27) 2) text: GRACE ties a label to BILL'S lapel. It declares his name and other details.
28) 0) text: MAC and GRACE lead BILL and SUE into the concourse where hundreds of children are assembled, each wearing an identification label. The noise is overwhelming. The organizers shout into megaphones. One buy has fainted and is put on a stretcher by St. Johns Ambulance men and, to get through the crowd, they hold the stretcher above thei heads. The boy recovers, sits up and waves to his friends The parents throng behind the barrier and they follow him WOMEN'S VOLUNTARY SERVICE (W.V.S) Volunteers stand by.
28) 2) text: GRACE nods. The W.V.S WOMAN examines the labels on SUE an BILL and checks them against her list. The steam ad noise have suffocating effect on GRACE.
28) 4) text: GRACE weeps as she embraces SUE. BILL fights back the tea and turns away embarrassed when his mother wants a kiss from him.
28) 5) dialog: I'm going to miss the war and it's all your fault.
28) 14) text: The W.V.S. WOMAN and an ARP MAN are forcibly holding her. MAC cannot bear to watch her pain. He leaps over the barrier, grans SUE and BILL and hoists them out of the pe BILL is acutely embarrassed at the scene his mother is making. He struggles to get free of MAC.
28) 15) dialog: Let me alone. I want to go. I want to go.
28) 17) dialog: In front of everybody. They were all looking at us. Why did you have to do it?
29) 0) text: BILL glues balsa wood wings on to a model Spitfire. Opposite him, across the dining-room table, GRACE is cutting something out of the newspaper. DAWN'S school boo are spread out on the table, but she has abandoned them i favour of a dancing lesson by Victor Sylvester on the wireless. She steers her imaginary partner between the furniture, her face concentrates, trying to follow the steps.
30) 0) text: GRACE pins the newspaper cutting to a bulletin board whic also displays a 'war map' with pins in it showing the progress of hostilities. The cutting is a David Low carto showing a soldier standing defiantly on a rocky promontor looking across a stormy sea towards France, saying 'Very well alone.' She is deeply moved by it. BILL enters and watches her, sensitive of her mood, but he has a mournful duty. He takes out the pins, representing the German Army in Russia.
30) 1) dialog: I've got to move the Germans to Minsk. They've taken Minsk.
31) 2) text: BILL scampers in. GRACE hovers by the door.
31) 4) text: BILL looks at his mother, DAWN gets up and goes over to t wireless, staring at it.
31) 5) dialog: That's us.
33) 0) text: GRACE leads BILL and SUE down the stairs. They sleep on their feet in this familiar routine. DAWN is still dresse below, playing dance records on the gramophone and finishing homework.
35) 0) text: They squeeze themselves into the tiny space under the stairs, close the door and light a candle. BILL and SUE complain irritably as they try to arrange their limbs. Th shoving and pushing wakes them up. GRACE gives each of them a biscuit from a tin.
35) 4) text: DAWN picks up the knife, pretending to hear someone outsi the cupboard door. She presses her ear to the thin wooden partition. BILL'S eyes bulge. He is half convinced. Even GRACE looks uneasy. SUE, reacting automatically to crisis pulls on her red and white 'Mickey Mouse' gasmask. Sudden DAWN thrusts the knife through a crack in the boards. She makes a blood curdling cry. GRACE slaps her, amused, despite herself. BILL seizes DAW from behind and pulls her back on top of him. They writhe and giggle. BILL cocks an ear.
35) 5) dialog: Flak!
35) 7) dialog: Basket bombing Counts between the bombs Two and three and four and five and six and..
35) 11) dialog: ...four and five and six and...
35) 14) dialog: ...and five and six and...
35) 17) dialog: ...and four and five...
35) 19) dialog: ...and six...
35) 24) text: BILL scrambles after her.
36) 2) text: BILL hesitates in the porch.
36) 4) text: BILL runs out, sees something by the kerb and picks it up
36) 5) dialog: Shrapnel! And it's still hot.
36) 8) text: A shell bursts right overhead and they duck into the open doorway. The four of them are framed there, looking up at the savage sky where the Battle of Britain rages. BILL watches enraptured.
38) 3) text: A white hand and forearm stretch up from the debris. BILL shifts position until he can SEE TWO HEADS, a MALE and FEMALE, pressed against a mattress which is leaning again a broken wall. He darts back on the street and looks for help. The street is still deserted. He hesitates, then ru up the street for all he is worth.
39) 0) text: BILL and SUE are late. They run into the yard where the other children are already lining up in their respective classes. The HEADMASTER is a wizened Welshman, too old fo military service. He struts up and down.
39) 2) text: He points an accusing finger at BILL.
40) 0) text: BILL flinches and winces as the cane strikes his hand.
41) 2) text: Some of the boy's covertly swap pieces of shrapnel and cigarette cards as the HEADMASTER'S tirade grows in passion, but BILL is mesmerized and fearful of this daily rhetoric. He blows on his hands, shakes them to alleviate the pain inflicted by the caning.
42) 0) text: BILL'S face, twisted in anxious anticipation, awaits the next blow.
44) 0) text: BILL jerks convulsively and grins as the cane connects.
46) 0) text: BILL suffers another whack.
48) 0) text: BILL covertly shows the welts on his hands to his neighbo as he and thirty other nice-year-old children are harangu by a large red-faced woman, their TEACHER. She sprays a l of saliva as she speaks. A coloured linen projection of t world is hung over the blackboard. She slaps it with her cane, pointing to many countries .
48) 2) text: BILL stands up, still seeking balm for his hands - he has them tucked under his armpits.
48) 3) dialog: They're ours, Miss.
50) 8) text: The  children's muffled voices chant the multiplication table rubbery GURGLING SOUNDS merge from the gasmasks. Hidden behind his mask, BILL finally gives was to angry tears. He sticks out his tongue as the HEADMASTER passes by.
51) 0) text: BILL and SUE turn into their street on their way home fro school, looking lifeless and dull, but their faces lights up with excitement as the fifty-foot length of a BARRAGE BALLOON suddenly rises from behind the houses to the distant SOUND of CHILDREN CHEERING. They sprint into thei house.
52) 0) text: BILL and SUE run through the hallway and into the living room, scattering satchels, hats, gasmasks in their wake. Their excitement is far too intense to explain to the startled GRACE. They burst out through the French Windows into the Garden.
53) 0) text: They run to the back fence. In the waste ground beyond th garden, where a further row of house was to be built when war intervened, BILL and SUE witness a TEAM of mostly AIRWOMEN, (WRAFS) intent on launching the BALLOON Some twenty WOMEN, each holding a tether, are paying out their lines under the rhythmic commands of their LEADER. There a c able attached to the winch mounted on a TRUCK, and th is wound out as the balloon rises. The balloon has a comforting, humorous aspect, and the children laugh and giggle as they watch.
54) 2) dialog: Can't we just see the end?
54) 4) dialog: It's not the same.
55) 0) text: A number of PEOPLE have come out of their suburban garden and look up at the pale-blue-winter sky. GRACE, SUE and BILL are among them. A SQUADRON OF SPITFIRES is attacking a formation of GERMA BOMBERS. They are distant black dots high above the barra balloons. The planes WHEEL and DIVE and give a splendid display of AEROBATICS. Being so high, there is almost no sound of engines or cannon and the feeling of unreality i heightened.
60) 0) text: DAWN is bent over, looking between her legs at BILL as he tries to draw a stocking seam up the back of her calf. He must continuously lick the brown crayon. She holds a hand mirror in such a way that she can see the progress of his work.
60) 5) dialog: Nobody is going to see this far up.
63) 2) dialog: (whispering) Mind that shrapnel
63) 3) text: DAWN thrusts a brass regimental hat badge in BILL'S face.
63) 5) dialog: (impressed) It's Canadian. Where'd you get it?
66) 0) text: GRACE shakes BILL and SUE awake.
68) 0) text: BOMBS are already falling. GRACE switches on a light and hurries down the stairs leading her two children through the familiar routine. She calls back. BILL bumps down the stairs, on his bottom, half asleep.
69) 2) text: She carries SUE and drags BILL through the shattered Fren windows, out into the garden and towards the Anderson shelter.
70) 6) text: Finally DAWN bends forward and puts her head on her mother's lap and cries, at first softly, the more bitterl GRACE holds her and rocks her at last. BILL watches this, perplexed, as perhaps he always will be, by the complex emotional interplay that passes between women.
71) 0) text: GRACE and DAWN are cleaning up the debris. Some plaster h fallen and there is a pall of dust. They are singing merrily, glad to be alive, to have survived the night. Outside the front window, BILL and SUE can be seen, havin ventured out, eager to explore the damage done to Rosehil Avenue.
72) 0) text: BILL picks up shrapnel. Several houses have been damaged, one heavily so. Outside this house, a handful of people h gathered watching the ARP MEN as they comb through the smouldering ruins. Two of them are working a stirrup pump as they extinguish a small fire in a corner of a room. So children come up to BILL and SUE. They are flushed and excited, bursting with news. One buy, ROGER, blurts it ou
72) 2) dialog: No, she didn't.
72) 11) text: He jabs BILL in the ribs, finding a physical vent for his excitement. BILL lashes back at him with a violent anger that scares and quells the other boy. The group falls silent. PAULINE steals glances at them out of the corner of her eye. She is not a popular girl, careful and self-consciou and she cannot help enjoying this situation. She flushes.
72) 13) text: PAULINE shakes her head. The children move away from her and start to fool around, scrapping and laughing, but whe they get back within a certain distance of PAULINE, they grow quiet and move away again. BILL nudges SUE.
72) 14) dialog: Go and ask her if she wants to play.
72) 16) dialog: You do it. You're a girl.
72) 23) text: PAULINE shakes her head again. SUE goes back to BILL who has been watching carefully at a distance. After a moment they turn back and walk home. ROGER sees another newcomer approaching. He calls out.
73) 0) text: BILL and SUE enter, bursting with their news. GRACE'S sister, HOPE, has come to help and so have MOLLY and MAC, and a Neighbour, MRS. EVANS, on whom DAWN wished a bomb. GRACE'S arm is bandaged, MAC is scoring panes of glass wi a diamond cutter. He has a dollop of putty. BILL is immediately distracted and cannot resist kneading the putty. DAWN brings in a tray of tea. They are all in high spirits, almost festive. SUE tugs at her mother's skirt.
73) 29) dialog: Not now. They wouldn't believe me.
74) 3) dialog: Looking for shrapnel.
74) 5) text: Two of them grab BILL and wrench his fist open, extractin a piece of metal.
74) 7) text: The others gather round, scrapping and shoving for a bett look, BILL'S arms are twisted behind his back and his eye are covered with a very dirty handkerchief. They take him to a ruined house.
75) 3) dialog: I never was.
75) 5) text: They twist his arm. Several of the boys are smoking. One takes a .303 Bullet and tightens in into an old vice fixe to the table. BILL is fighting back the tears. ROGER lean over BILL.
75) 6) dialog: I know a secret.
75) 8) dialog: The Germans are dropping men on bomb sites.
75) 11) dialog: My uncle's in the War Office. He said, Don't go on the bomb sites. "Boys are going missing all the time."
75) 13) text: BILL has captured their attention. They release him.
75) 14) dialog: If you find them hiding, they cut your throat. They have to, or they'd get found out.
75) 19) dialog: I don't mind.
75) 21) dialog: Yes.
75) 23) text: BILL is stubbornly silent.
75) 25) dialog: I only know one.
75) 28) text: BILL cannot get himself to say it, try as he will. They groan and jeer. BILL forces it out, the one that he heard on the bomb site.
75) 29) dialog: Fuck!
75) 32) dialog: Bugger off.
75) 34) dialog: Sod.
75) 36) dialog: Bloody.
75) 38) dialog: Bugger off, you bloody sod.
75) 42) text: They go into a newly bombed house and, armed with stout sticks and iron bars, indulge in an orgy of destruction. ROGER has an air-gun and specializes in picking of light bulbs. BILL is tentative at first, but the violence is infectious. Pent-up aggression bursts and his is wilder a worse than the others.
76) 4) dialog: Won't they have maps?
77) 0) text: DAWN, watched by BILL, tiptoes down the stairs. She opens the front door as silently as possible. Vera Lynn dispens sexy sentimentality on the wireless ('Sincerely Yours'). GRACE appears. DAWN is caught in the act.
77) 9) text: She steps out of the door. GRACE grabs her, tearing her blouse, and swings her back inside. They wrestle wildly, both whimpering and moaning. BILL watches from above as t fight imperceptibly transforms and mother and daughter ar finally hugging each other and crying.
78) 13) text: BILL is on the end. As his turn approaches, his face is t with apprehension.
79) 0) text: The gang loot and pillage, smashing as they go. Behind a piece of broken wall, BILL discovers a soldier and a girl clasped together, the girl is pressed against a door. BIL moves closer. The soldier fumbles with her clothing, but is so wild with passion that his efforts are impeded. BIL registers the familiar gasps and cries that he is becomin accustomed to hearing from the injured, the dying and the coupling. The girl moves her head and her face becomes visible over the soldier's shoulder. It is DAWN. She sees BILL as he sees her. She mouths the words: 'Go away'. He turns to shake and cry. He moves away, then on an angry impulse picks up a stone and throws it. The soldier lets a cry. He turns revealing himself as BRUCE.
79) 1) dialog: (shouting) Fuck!
79) 5) text: BILL shakes his head, denying her.
80) 0) text: GRACE is cutting down a coat for SUE; BILL is reading a comic, the Dandy; DAWN is darning stockings. The doorbell SOUNDS and DAWN catapults from her chair to greet the visitor. She returns with BRUCE, now evidently a welcome regular guest. BILL throws friendly punches, one wild one catches him in crotch. He takes it bravely. He distributes largesse, a t of corned beef and a packet of tea for GRACE, chewing gum SUE, a model barrage balloon for BILL and a pair of nylon for DAWN.
80) 14) text: BRUCE has been horsing around with BILL, and all the time DAWN devours him with her eyes.
83) 0) text: CLIVE, leather helmet and goggles iced up, rides to the R House on a Norton motorbike. The street is snow-covered a the road is covered in brown slush. BILL and SUE run out greet him. He dismounts painfully, his huge army greatcoa also rimmed with frost. His face is so stiff with cold th he cannot crack a smile and presents an intimidating figu to the children, who draw up  short. When he speaks, he c hardly form words. He staggers alarmingly from the stiffn as he walks, and cramp in one leg makes him hop up and do
84) 2) text: BILL hands it to him and CLIVE proudly pulls out an un labelled can and plants it firmly on the centre of tea ta
84) 5) text: BILL and SUE jump for joy.
84) 6) dialog: (chanting) Jam! Jam! Jam!
84) 22) dialog: You don't like jam. You hate jam. You never eat jam.
84) 27) text: The eyes turn on CLIVE. The situation forces their resent for one who has not shared in their hardships, who abando them, in fact. The jam has become a test. He looks into t faces of his family. Resolutely, he takes up a teaspoon, picks up the can and begins to eat. Grimly and steadily h ladles the jam to his mouth. They watch him carefully for signs of pain. Before their doubts are dispelled, he has consumed a third of the can. BILL is the first to crack.
84) 28) dialog: Give us some, Dad.
84) 41) dialog: It's lovely jam. It's nearly as nice as English jam.
84) 47) dialog: Bruce, look! Dad got some German jam.
85) 0) text: The kitchen door is open, admitting thin winter sunlight. GRACE works within. Outside, CLIVE is cleaning his kit, helped by BILL. Belt and gaiters are balanced and laid ou dry. CLIVE is sitting on the steps, putting dubbin on his boots,  BILL polishing his father's hat badge, totally absorbed in its beauty. GRACE appears, outs a hand on CLI shoulder, closes her eyes, let's the sun caress her face.
85) 11) text: BILL looks up, grinning.
85) 12) dialog: Woolamaloo? We would have lived in Woolamaloo?
86) 0) text: BILL is giving his father and MAC a tour of the bomb dama He picks his way expertly through the rubble, and they clamber after him.
86) 10) text: They fall silent, watching BILL as he greets some other b
86) 17) text: They watch BILL rooting about in the rubble.
86) 19) text: BILL has come up behind them and watches covertly. MAC cl CLIVE in his arms.
86) 22) text: Cries and shouts come from the street. BILL swings across crater on a dangling electric cable and scrambles into th road. There is panic and pandemonium. The local barrage balloon's fins have punctured and it has lost stability. is careering wildly like a kite out of control. CLIVE and clamber into the street as the balloon skims across the s its steel cable shearing a chimney stack which tumbles do onto the front garden sending people scattering in all directions. BILL runs up,  mad with excitement, as SUE an DAWN come out of the house with GRACE and MOLLY and look CLIVE sprints across to them.
86) 34) dialog: Boo! Leave it alone!
86) 35) text: The balloon suddenly plunges down towards the street, scattering the HOME GUARDS. Women SCREAM and everyone das for cover again. BILL laughs derisively.
86) 36) dialog: They're scared of old fatty.
86) 38) dialog: Why did they have to go and do that?
87) 0) text: A make-do-and-mend session, where clothes are exchanged, repaired, altered and cut down. It is swarming with women children. MOLLY and GRACE rummage among the racks of clothing. SUE and BILL, bored and resigned, are obliged t try on items of used clothing.
87) 3) text: In the absence of men, women are everywhere stripping dow their underwear to try on the clothes. BILL tries not to watch, acutely embarrassed.
87) 6) text: MOLLY pulls of her dress and suddenly, inches from BILL'S face, are those mysterious few inches of white suspendere leg between the stocking-tops and the camiknickers.
88) 0) text: BILL and SUE each have a torch, which serve as a searchli BILL smokes a woodbine and he blows the smoke around the suspended model aircraft. Spitfires, Hurricanes, Messerschmitts, Heinkels are picke out in turn. As they appear,BILL simulates their engine noise. With considerable dexterity, he uses his free hand fire his ack-ack guns, and papier-mache pellets, pre-soak in ink, fly through the air. BILL animates a distressed p plummeting to earth. His triumph is interrupted by a TAP the window. Expertly he dogs his Woodbine then goes to th window. He opens it and DAWN steps through. He is about t close it after her when BRUCE'S face appears. BILL lets f an ink pellet catching BRUCE square on the forehead. DAWN holds up a threatening hand and the children shrink back BRUCE clambers in. The two of them tiptoe into the next bedroom, DAWN throwing a warning glance over her shoulder
89) 0) text: BILL and SUE share the keyhole, which affords a partial v of Dawn's bed. Complicated combinations of limbs cross th field of view, offering a tantalizing version of events within. The children give up and return to their room, whispering.
89) 2) dialog: It's easy. I've done it.
89) 4) dialog: Pauline.
92) 0) text: BILL leans over to the balustrade of the pillar portico looking out on to Trafalgar Square. The strains of  a passionate piano recital reverberate from inside the Gall Soldiers and their girls, hand in hand, listen enraptured
94) 0) text: BILL threads his way through the crowd, past signs announ Dame Myra Hess's lunchtime concerts (SOLD OUT) and into t marbled hall.
95) 0) text: BILL slides back into his seat next to GRACE as DAME Myra concludes the WARSAW Concerto. The audience rises to its feet, applauding, GRACE, he eyes shining, is among them. watches her pleasure with pleasure. BILL is disturbed by the music, by the eruption of emotio and some wearing blue uniforms demoting the war wounded. clap and clap.
95) 4) text: Their eyes meet. The audience is drowning in it own appla Everyone is crying, or laughing, or both. GRACE and MAC a them. In the emotional tumult they reveal more than they intend. The audience falls silent. BILL'S gaze drifts to wall where huge paintings by special war artists hang. GR tears her eyes away from MAC. She senses BILL watching he and turns her attention to Dame Myra's fingers flying ove the keys.
98) 3) dialog: You said that last year, Dad.
100) 0) text: A charade is in progress. CLIVE and MAC are got up as prostitutes, wearing their wives'  clothes. GRACE and MOL are dressed as men. There is a lot of salacious flirting an argument breaks out over the price of whores. MOLLY sa the word 'tart' emphatically and BILL jumps out of his se yelling:
100) 1) dialog: Jam tart! Jam tart! I got it! I got it!
100) 2) text: The four actors abandon their characterizations and appla young BILL. BRUCE watches in amazement.
100) 13) text: raises his glass again My girls Dead you may be, or old and withered. But while live, I will do you honour to the last. Bless all of you. He drinks and slumps down into his chair, overcome with melancholy. Only MOLLY applauds and only DAWN looks sympathetic. BILL taps his grandfather's knee.
100) 14) dialog: It was Sheila, Grandpa.
100) 17) dialog: Henry Chapman's daughter. It was Sheila. I remember her from last year.
100) 19) text: BILL turns away to DAWN, stifling his giggles.
100) 20) dialog: I made it up!
105) 0) text: CLIVE is packed up, ready to go. The family has come to b farewell, all except BILL, who suddenly appears with a triumphant whoop.
105) 1) dialog: I found it! I found it!
106) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE are finishing a frugal picnic on beach. They are muffled up against the nip of early sprin The sand is criss-crossed with pointed iron spikes and co of barbed wire. Curt signs warn against mines and other hazards. BILL and SUE start to play happily and messily i the sand. In the distance, they hear MUFFLED, deep-throat EXPLOSIONS.
106) 1) dialog: What's that?
106) 3) dialog: Wow!
106) 5) dialog: Who pays for them?
106) 7) text: BILL gets out a rubber ball, and spins it in is fingers.
106) 10) text: BILL smiles a secret smile.
106) 11) dialog: Thanks.
106) 14) text: MAC and the children join in. BILL practices his spin, fi and wrist.
106) 17) dialog: There goes another Ford 8, Uncle Mac.
108) 0) text: Moonlight flickers intermittently into the compartment, lending a jerky, monochrome quality to the scene. SUE sle thumb in mouth. BILL dozes in the corner of the compartme GRACE and MAC sit side by side.
108) 8) text: BILL stirs and fidgets, half hearing, squinting through drooping lids. MAC and GRACE lower their voices further whispering.
109) 0) text: As GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE turn into the avenue, they se house burning. It is theirs. When they get closer, they s it is gutted and the roof has collapsed. The firemen have hoses trained on it, but it is too hot to get into the fr door. GRACE'S first thought is for her Daughter.
109) 14) text: She makes a wild dash at the house, but MAC and the neighbours restain her. BILL remains next to the FIRECHIE
109) 15) dialog: My shrapnel collection should be all right.
110) 0) text: Mac's car drives up to the charred ruins of the house. GR and the children get out. ROGER and his gang are already looting. BILL charges ROGER and punches him in the face. fall and roll in the wet ashes. The bigger boy is so take aback by BILL'S ferocity that he cannot gain an advantage MAC stops GRACE from interfering, understanding the boy's need. PAULINE has appeared and smiles knowingly as she watches. Other children gather. ROGER picks himself up and the gan beats a retreat.
111) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, DAWN and SUE join BILL in the house and scrat among the debris to see what can be salvaged.
112) 5) text: BILL is acutely embarrassed. He catches PAULINE'S smirkin look. He fights to hold back the tears, but finally fails
112) 7) dialog: I don't care about the house, I just hate all these people watching us and being nice.
113) 2) text: GRANDMOTHER comes down from the bungalow to the edge of t river and waves encouragingly. BILL is captivated by the river. Moorhens thread through the tendrils of weeping willow. As electric slip launch is moored where they wait strokes its glassy varnish. MAC unloads the boot of the c
113) 23) text: BILL studies GRANDFATHER GEORGE's sculling technique.
113) 24) dialog: Can I try?
113) 26) text: BILL holds the gnarled old hand and moves in unison.
114) 0) text: BILL wakes, looks at the river.
115) 0) text: A grey dawn light touches the mist lying over a glassy ri BILL comes down out of the house and stands at the edge o the water: not a breath of wind, not a soul stirring. He slips out of his grandfather's voluminous pajama pants. Delicately, he lowers himself into the river, careful not crack the perfect smoothness of the water. He slides slow in until only his head is showing. He swims out into the centre of the stream, without disturbing the water. He st takes a breath then submerges, leaving not a ripple, neve trace. The dawn river is once more unobserved, its secret self again.
116) 0) text: BILL comes in wet from bathing, to find DAWN half dressed contemplating her slightly swollen nave. They share a sma room in which are two bunk beds.
116) 2) text: With some reluctance, BILL puts an ear to her stomach. Hi cold wet hair gives her a shock. She slaps him.
116) 4) text: DAWN giggles and it is BILL's turn to be shocked.
116) 6) text: DAWN leaves the room while BILL climbs into his clothes.
117) 0) text: The room lets out, through open French windows, on to a b garden sown with vegetables for some yards and then givin way to orchard and pasture. The morning sun streams in. GRANDFATHER GEORGE sits at ne end facing the garden. GRAC SUE, GRANDMA and DAWN flank him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE  is n the best in the morning. He glares at BILL as he enters a slips quietly into his seat.
117) 11) text: He points urgently at where the gun stands against the wa GRANDMA creeps on tiptoe over to the gun and hands it to resuming her place without making a sound. He raises the shotgun, aiming along the length of the table. The childr are statues, only their eyes darting from him to the rat back. The barrel is inches from their faces. He fires. Th jump. Smoke fills the room, He curses under his breath, a the rat escapes. He puts down the gun and readdresses his boiled egg, as an afterthought, he turns to BILL.
117) 13) dialog: I think you hit him, Grandpa. He was limping when he ran off.
117) 14) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gives him a searching look, but BILL i all innocence. DAWN stifles a giggle. GRACE sees what goe and suppresses a smile herself. BILL suddenly coughs and splutters to hid his laughter. DAWN goes red in the face, tears come to her eyes and her shoulders shake. SUE suddenly tinkles with innocent mirth the suppressed laughter bursts out of them all. They roar gasp and shudder and cannot stop. GRANDMA, quiet perplexe smiles, happy to see them all so happy. GRANDFATHER GEORG eyes blazing with anger, glares at them disdainfully, but dam has burst and, fear him as they do, the laughter pour out unabated and their eyes are filled with tears.
118) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE  poles the punt up the river. GRACE,  GRANDMA and SUE lounge in the cushions. BILL stands along the old man, learning the way of it.
118) 2) text: BILL takes it all in.
118) 4) text: BILL crawls along the shiny deck and hauls in a fishing l
118) 5) dialog: No luck, Grandpa.
118) 11) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE entrusts the pole to BILL. He struggle with the technique, does quite well. The the pole sticks deep mud. He cannot extricate it.
118) 13) text: But BILL hangs on to the pole and the punt moves on until is stretched between them. Finally, he hops on to the pol and clings to it.
118) 15) text: He takes a paddle and drives the boat back to where BILL stranded. The pole starts to topple in a small arc. GRANDFATHER GEORGE renews his efforts and BILL is able to step neatly on to the rear decking. The old an eases the from the mud.
119) 0) text: Tea is being laid on the lawn by GRANDMA, GRACE and DAWN; GRANDFATHER GEORGE reclines in the faded swing-seat. BILL ferries FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY (his three aunts) to the island in the dingy. He rear-sculls with some difficulty, well enough. GRANDFATHER GEORGE examines his daughters wi binoculars as they 'ooh' and 'aah' greetings on their approach. They disembark and there is much hugging and kissing. They have all brought clothing for the family an dresses and blouses are held up, examined and admired. The daughters clearly disapprove of GRANDFATHER GEORGE an only offer perfunctory kisses, HOPE ignoring him complete SUE is held up and passed from hand to hand as though she were a frock herself. They take it in turns to shout clarification to their mother. They flutter around DAWN, is now showing her pregnancy.
119) 6) text: BILL slides over to his grandfather.
119) 10) text: HOPE flares up, but bites her tongue and turns away. GRANDFATHER GEORGE turns to BILL, confidingly.
119) 14) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE continues his advice to BILL.
119) 16) text: He leads BILL round to the back garden away  from the riv All the bungalows are built up on piers against flooding. reaches under the house and retrieves an old cricket bat ball. He thrusts the ball at BILL.
119) 18) text: He takes guard against the trunk of an old apple tree. BI twists his fingers around the ball and bowls a spinner to GRANDFATHER GEORGE who waits for it to break, then plays back. The next ball breaks the other way and clean bowls GRANDFATHER GEORGE looks back at BILL with astonishment.
119) 20) dialog: I know.
119) 22) dialog: No, you're out, Grandpa. It's my turn.
119) 23) text: With ill grace, GRANDFATHER GEORGE surrenders the bat and offers a harmless arthritic delivery which BILL thumps in the gooseberry bushes. GRANDFATHER GEORGE curses and pric his fingers as he tries to retrieves the ball. He looks u irritably at the sounds of laughter from his daughters. H snarls in their direction.
119) 25) dialog: Why?
119) 27) text: He bowls again. BILL hammers it away. GRANDFATHER GEORGE glares at him, trembling with fury.
119) 28) dialog: It's only a game, Grandpa.
120) 0) text: BILL and SUE are in the dingy, pushing a stand of reeds. hangs over and bows, hauling the boat along by pulling on reeds. The parting rushes reveal a moorhens nest, neatly suspended above the water on bent-over reeds meshed toget There are some dozen speckled eggs. BILL carefully extrac one of them ad places it in a little basket in the boat, which already contains a number of eggs which he has presumably taken from other nests. Further upstream, BILL steps out of the boat into some shallows. He gropes under the water and hauls up a night fishing li SUE shares his disappointment when there is no catch.
121) 2) text: He gives the boat a shove with his stick and turns back t the house. SUE looks weepy. BILL mouths some of his repertoire of swear words. From the dormer window, DAWN witnesses their humiliation. She laughs and waves. As GRANDFATHER GEORGE turns back to the house, she ducks out sight.
122) 0) text: They row up to the head of the weir. BILL casts a line an fixes the rod to the gunwale, He ties up the boat and sli over the side. He checks a net arrangement he has fixed a the base of the waterfall to snare unwary fish swimming o the weir. It is empty. SUE paddles in the soft weed that grows on the steps of the weir, letting it seep between h toes. BILL kneels and runs his fingers through the same luminous-green weed. They become absorbed in it. BILL low his body into the water and lets himself slide over the w SUE follows suit. Soon they have discovered a glorious ga sliding like eels down the weir and plunging into the poo below. Back and forth they go. In the far distance, an ai raid siren wails, They pay no attention, so caught up are they in their pleasure. SUE checks the fishing line fixed the boat. Nothing.
122) 2) text: They look up at the SOUND of 'ack-ack' fire. BILL spots a German plane high above them.
122) 3) dialog: Looks like a stray bomber. He's lost his squadron.
122) 4) text: Suddenly there is a BLAST OF AIR and a BOOMING EXPLOSION. hundred yards up the river, a great plume of water spurts They drop flat on the steps of the weir. BILL peers cautiously over the rim of the waterfall. SUE seems his astonishment turn to a broad grin. Floating towards the w are dozens of fish stunned by the blast. Joyously, they gather them up and throw them into the boat.
123) 2) dialog: But Grandpa, you said...
124) 0) text: BILL, now wielding the pole with great aplomb, send the p gliding up river. DAWN heavily pregnant and languidly melancholic, lies in the cushions, bare foot dangling in river. DAWN stiffens as the figure of a man in uniform co running along the riverbank. As he catches up with them, is revealed as BRUCE and the uniform of a Canadian soldie He waves and calls them.
124) 2) text: BILL hesitates, but a withering look from DAWN keeps him course. BRUCE levels with them. He calls across thirty ya of river.
124) 4) text: She refuses even to acknowledge him. Under her breath, sh instructs BILL.
124) 6) text: BILL whips up speed, keeping to the opposite side of the river from BRUCE, who wades out up to his knees and holds his arms, pleadingly.
124) 14) text: She cracks the paddle over his head. He sinks under the water, his cap floats away. BILL rescues it. BRUCE does n reappear. They wait, become alarmed. DAWN kneels down, pe into the water.
124) 18) text: BILL and SUE exchange disgusted looks.
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
127) 0) text: The party is on the veranda. BILL and SUE sit on the step GRANDFATHER is alone on the swing seat. GRACE and her thr sisters are a sting quartet. They finish a piece. The oth clap. It leaves them a little melancholy.
128) 2) text: He hands CLIVE the bat, and flips the ball to BILL with a broad wink. CLIVE takes guard against the apple tree, whi is now heavy with fruit. BILL bowls. The ball turns, beat the bat. MAC pats down the grass where the ball bounced.
128) 4) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE hands the ball back to BILL and nudges him.
128) 6) dialog: Very well, Grandpa.
128) 7) text: BILL delivers his googly. It bamboozles is father who pop caught and bowled. CLIVE is startled. As MAC takes the ba CLIVE offers a warning.
128) 9) text: MAC takes guard. BILL Bowls. He plays forward, smothering spin. Still no run. The next ball is pitched short. MAC p back, waits for the ball to break in from the leg which i does more sharply than he expects. He just manages to dig out. The next is the googly. MAC does not spot it. It cut from the off and clean bowls him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE cack triumphantly.
128) 15) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE slaps BILL on the back with such enthusiasm that he sends the boy sprawling. CLIVE catches him, holds him close and whispers in his ear.
129) 0) text: The men arrive to find the women in a state of alarm. The are gathered in a knot around DAWN. BILL pushes his way forward.
129) 2) text: BILL peers between the women and catches a glimpse of DAW standing arched against a chair, one hand supporting the baby's head which has appeared between her legs.
131) 3) text: BILL comes to SUE's side and they catch another glimpse o the baby's head. SUE wrinkles her nose.
131) 5) text: BILL passes clean out and crumples to the floor.
132) 0) text: BILL is running flat out, running for his life. He passes blurred orchard, a garden, a park.
133) 0) text: BILL, still running hard, looks over his shoulder and tur in to a bungalow that faces on to the river.
134) 2) text: BILL enters, flushed and panting. His eyes are bright wit excitement. He goes to DAWN and, reaching inside his shir pulls out a peach and hands it to her reverentially.
134) 3) dialog: I scrumped it. I nearly got caught. They chased me for ages.
134) 4) text: DAWN take's it. It looks pretty miserable. Most of the fu skin has rubbed off during its hazardous journey next to BILL's skin. DAWN's first impulse is to make a sarcastic comment, but in her new maturity, she bites it back and smiles.
134) 6) dialog: (blushing) Well, for the baby, really.
135) 2) dialog: I have to live in Rosehill Avenue as well.
135) 4) dialog: With Mrs. Evans. I hate her.
135) 8) text: BILL cranes back watching as long as he can.
136) 0) text: The car draws up outside the school entrance. A grim wall surrounds the institution and BILL gets out, head hung lo and walks towards the gate as though to the gallows. GRANDFATHER GEORGE watches from the car. He grips the steering wheel angrily. A teacher strides past. GRANDFATH GEORGE shouts after him out of the window.
137) 0) text: As BILL enters, he is astonished to see hundreds of child in a state of delirious celebration. Boys fling their cap the air. They cheer. They whoop. They run amok. Behind th lie the smouldering ruins of the school. BILL cheers loud than anyone. He remembers his grandfather, turns on his h and runs back to the road.
138) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE is awkwardly turning the car in the ro He drives off. BILL runs flat out and comes up to the win shouting.
138) 1) dialog: Grandpa! There's no school! It's been hit by a bomb!
138) 4) text: He drives off leaving BILL stranded. A fire engine and AR vehicles race up to the school. They pass GRANDFATHER GEO and doubt shows in is face. He stops, gets out. Boys are spilling out of school, cheering. BILL runs up to him.
138) 5) dialog: It's true.
138) 8) dialog: Grandpa, if you think of something hard enough, can you make it happen?
139) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE's laugh, and BILL's too, ring out over autumn river which beckons to BILL with the promise of st days.