61) 0) text: DAWN, swinging as she jitterbugs with a young CANADIAN SOLDIER, BRUCE. They are good. He hoists her over his shoulder. They whirl and swirl. The music changes to a sl waltz.
61) 1) dialog: It was great for me, how was it for you.
61) 3) dialog: Well. Now we can do it slow. Are those some kind of stockings you're wearing?
61) 5) dialog: I mean, no suspenders. They just kinda' disappear up your ass.
61) 7) dialog: Quit it. Help me someone. The girl's beating on me.
61) 8) text: Jeers and laughter from fellow CANADIANS on the dance floor. DAWN turns and walks off, head in the air, but not forgetting to wriggle her bottom as she goes. BRUCE grins admiringly and stalks after her on tiptoe. His pals love it.
79) 0) text: The gang loot and pillage, smashing as they go. Behind a piece of broken wall, BILL discovers a soldier and a girl clasped together, the girl is pressed against a door. BIL moves closer. The soldier fumbles with her clothing, but is so wild with passion that his efforts are impeded. BIL registers the familiar gasps and cries that he is becomin accustomed to hearing from the injured, the dying and the coupling. The girl moves her head and her face becomes visible over the soldier's shoulder. It is DAWN. She sees BILL as he sees her. She mouths the words: 'Go away'. He turns to shake and cry. He moves away, then on an angry impulse picks up a stone and throws it. The soldier lets a cry. He turns revealing himself as BRUCE.
79) 2) text: Hearing the sacred cry, the gang come running. They see B hurling stones and quickly join in. BRUCE protests angril and throws a couple of rocks himself, but he is overwhelm He protects DAWN from the onslaught and they flee.
80) 0) text: GRACE is cutting down a coat for SUE; BILL is reading a comic, the Dandy; DAWN is darning stockings. The doorbell SOUNDS and DAWN catapults from her chair to greet the visitor. She returns with BRUCE, now evidently a welcome regular guest. BILL throws friendly punches, one wild one catches him in crotch. He takes it bravely. He distributes largesse, a t of corned beef and a packet of tea for GRACE, chewing gum SUE, a model barrage balloon for BILL and a pair of nylon for DAWN.
80) 1) dialog: You need suspenders for this kind.
80) 4) text: Finally and dramatically, BRUCE pulls out a package in a brown-paper bag. He gives it to GRACE. She opens it. It i piece of beef steak. GRACE is overcome.
80) 6) dialog: crooning ironically
80) 8) dialog: Take it away. I know your husband's been away a long time, but....
80) 11) dialog: Sorry, sorry. Too long in the barrack room.
80) 14) text: BRUCE has been horsing around with BILL, and all the time DAWN devours him with her eyes.
80) 16) dialog: You haven't been taking your orange juice.
80) 17) text: The insolent sally gives DAWN the excuse to jump on him a force him on to the sofa and into a respectful silence. Stirring music punctuates the dramatic narration, which celebrates the bravery of the soldiers fighting their las ditch stand. BRUCE giggles.
80) 18) dialog: Don't sound the Dunkirk I was at. I saw no fighting. We did a lot of running backwards, though. Then we got to the beach and we couldn't run no more. And Jerry just sat there and let us alone. If he'd come after us, boy
80) 21) dialog: I was there.
80) 23) dialog: He who turns and runs away lives to fight another day.
80) 26) text: BRUCE impressed, despite himself. DAWN is quite affected by her mother's deep feeling.
82) 0) text: Back to BRUCE singing and smiling.
84) 44) text: DAWN reappears with BRUCE. CLIVE darts a querying look at GRACE. He winces at the sight of his little girl looking adorningly at a Canadian soldier.
84) 49) text: They laugh. BRUCE looks at it with mock suspicion, then tastes it with his fingertip. His eyes bulge and he clutc his throat.
84) 50) dialog: The poison was at the bottom.
88) 0) text: BILL and SUE each have a torch, which serve as a searchli BILL smokes a woodbine and he blows the smoke around the suspended model aircraft. Spitfires, Hurricanes, Messerschmitts, Heinkels are picke out in turn. As they appear,BILL simulates their engine noise. With considerable dexterity, he uses his free hand fire his ack-ack guns, and papier-mache pellets, pre-soak in ink, fly through the air. BILL animates a distressed p plummeting to earth. His triumph is interrupted by a TAP the window. Expertly he dogs his Woodbine then goes to th window. He opens it and DAWN steps through. He is about t close it after her when BRUCE'S face appears. BILL lets f an ink pellet catching BRUCE square on the forehead. DAWN holds up a threatening hand and the children shrink back BRUCE clambers in. The two of them tiptoe into the next bedroom, DAWN throwing a warning glance over her shoulder
90) 0) text: BRUCE turns on his back with a deep sigh of satisfaction.
90) 1) dialog: (whispering) Boy, that was some air-raid.
90) 3) dialog: Didn't you feel the house rock? You must have seen all those shell bursts.
90) 5) dialog: Let's get married. We'll live in Montreal. I'll teach you French. Je t'aime, mon petit chou.
97) 0) text: It is raining. BRUCE hurries along the street, and as he enters the Rohan's front gate, he pauses, pulls an old si stocking over his head and takes two glass eyes from his pocket. They look as though they once belonged to a stuff stag. He pushes them inside the stocking and positions th just under his own eyes so that he can peek over them. He crawls under the bow window.
99) 0) text: BRUCE raises his head and presses his grotesque face to t window. He taps on the glass. He is startled to see the assembled family standing upright and staring back at him without expression. He cavorts and waves his arms, but st gets no response. Sheepishly, he slinks into the porch an pulls off the stocking. The door opens to reveal DAWN.
100) 2) text: The four actors abandon their characterizations and appla young BILL. BRUCE watches in amazement.
100) 3) dialog: Jesus Christ! This is Christmas?
101) 0) text: DAWN and BRUCE kiss goodbye in the porch. She pulls away, sensing something amiss.
101) 4) dialog: We're not supposed to say, but we're being shipped out tomorrow.
101) 6) dialog: I don't know?
101) 8) dialog: I swear I don't know. (offers her a little box) Here's your Christmas present.
101) 11) dialog: Please yourself.
101) 12) text: BRUCE hurls the little box into the next-door bomb site a storms off into the night. DAWN slams the door.
124) 0) text: BILL, now wielding the pole with great aplomb, send the p gliding up river. DAWN heavily pregnant and languidly melancholic, lies in the cushions, bare foot dangling in river. DAWN stiffens as the figure of a man in uniform co running along the riverbank. As he catches up with them, is revealed as BRUCE and the uniform of a Canadian soldie He waves and calls them.
124) 2) text: BILL hesitates, but a withering look from DAWN keeps him course. BRUCE levels with them. He calls across thirty ya of river.
124) 3) dialog: Dan! It's me!
124) 6) text: BILL whips up speed, keeping to the opposite side of the river from BRUCE, who wades out up to his knees and holds his arms, pleadingly.
124) 7) dialog: Give me a chance to explain.
124) 10) text: Fully clothed, his khaki cap perched on his head, BRUCE s out towards the punt. By the time he reaches the middle o the river, they are fifty years upstream. BRUCE swims bac the shore. Dripping wet, he runs up the riverbank until h well ahead of the punt and plunges in again. This time, h course coincides with the punt. He grabs the side of the and hangs on, out of breath.
124) 11) dialog: Couldn't write...secret posting...came as soon as I heard about the baby.
124) 13) dialog: I went AWOL to be with you. I'm a deserter.
124) 14) text: She cracks the paddle over his head. He sinks under the water, his cap floats away. BILL rescues it. BRUCE does n reappear. They wait, become alarmed. DAWN kneels down, pe into the water.
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
126) 0) text: The bridal pair come out and the VICAR, considerably embarrassed, makes his excuses and backs away. A picture taken. The REDCAPS seize BRUCE by each arm. DAWN clings t him, a last kiss, and he is borne away. They all stand at church doors waving to him as he is driven away in a jeep There is some dutiful sniffing from the women, but since seems quite happy, there is no need for sympathetic tears GRACE impulsively hugs MOLLY.