1) 0) text: In the penumbra of the room, the mother, GRACE, in droopy flowered frock, crosses, floats towards the walnut wirele and, with trembling hand, switches it on. Its green dial glows with stations like Droitwich and Hilversum. She glides back and drapes herself behind an armchair in whic her husband, CLIVE, sits solemn and motionless.
3) 6) text: CLIVE is startled out of his funereal reverie.
3) 16) text: CLIVE get's up, blazing. He seizes DAWN and shakes her.
3) 17) dialog: Stockings? War! Don't you understand! War!
3) 19) dialog: War! War!
4) 2) text: They run out. GRACE sweeps little SUE into her arms, buri her face in her bosom and rushing back into the shelter o the house. DAWN and CLIVE scan the sky for planes, There are none.
5) 1) dialog: These are the fruits of my loins?
7) 1) dialog: That's the all-clear. Testing. They were just testing.
8) 0) text: CLIVE walks tentatively into the garden, looking up, shielding his eyes against the sun. The others join Him, one by one.
10) 2) dialog: Going to put a rockery garden over it, Mac.
10) 5) text: CLIVE and MAC peer in to see the boy splashing up and dow water over his ankles. He clutches his submerged foot in mock agony.
10) 7) dialog: The sodding water table.
10) 9) dialog: (caustic) Thanks. I hope you can come for the launching.
12) 0) text: CLIVE rummages in the wardrobe, chuckling to himself. He finds his Sam Browne belt and Army cap from the First Wol War.
13) 6) text: CLIVE appears having stripped to the waist but wearing hi Sam Browne from the First Wold War. They all shriek with laughter. CLIVE, encouraged by this response, does drill movements and then demonstrates how to salute.
13) 7) dialog: There are many ways of saluting.. (He demonstrates.) ..An old soldier insulting a young subaltern.
13) 9) dialog: As an officer, you counter that with one of these.
15) 2) dialog: ...two Indians to fan me all night. The heat.
15) 6) dialog: And Jim.
15) 9) dialog: I rode into battle...
15) 11) dialog: ...On horseback, with a drawn sword, leading a battalion of Gurkhas against the Turks.
15) 17) dialog: We didn't know that. It was a suicide mission. Machetes against artillery. Volunteers only.
15) 20) text: They all have a good laugh at CLIVE'S expense and he take it well enough. BILL drifts over to his lead soldiers spread out in a corner of the room. They are an eclectic mix of cowboys, Indians, the Medieval Knights, as well as modern militia and a few farm animals.
15) 21) dialog: We all had to write a last letter home.
16) 0) text: Later. The two men are in post-prandial sleep in the armchairs on either side of the fire. Sounds of washing u and women's voices come from the kitchen. BILL walks up very close and examines the two warriors from the Great War, or the First Wold War, as it was now coming to be known. Their mouths are open, slack. His father's false teeth click up and down as he breathes. MAC shifts his backside in his sleep to let a fart up from the side of t leatherette armchair. BILL looks at CLIVE's mottled skin, the stubble, the sagging epidermis around the eyes. He go to the mantelpiece and takes down a silver-framed picture of his father as a baby-faced second lieutenant wearing that same Sam Browne. BILL holds the picture next to his father's snoring face. Once again, a new bulletin begins the ever-playing wireless.
16) 2) text: CLIVE stirs.
16) 3) dialog: Go off and play, son.
16) 6) dialog: Thanks, son. I can hear it. I'm not sleeping, just closing my eyes.
19) 0) text: MAC and MOLLY are leaving, as CLIVE and GRACE help them o with their coats. They have had a few more drinks, and ar making sentimental farewells.
19) 6) text: He turns to CLIVE and takes him by the shoulders. They ar both quiet drunk.
19) 8) dialog: Weeds will grow, Mac.
19) 10) dialog: Kiss me Hardy.
19) 17) dialog: If King and Country call, Mac, you go as soon as I will.
19) 20) dialog: (with a far-off look) I heard the drum and fife yesterday, Mac, marching past. Made my hair stand on end. I thought, I've been asleep for twenty years.
22) 8) text: CLIVE, arm in arm with a PAL, comes out of the pub and ov to the car. He gets in after much handshaking and back slapping.
22) 9) dialog: Sorry, kids. Joined up. I needed some Dutch courage to tell your mother.
22) 12) dialog: Steady the Buffs.
22) 14) text: CLIVE leans across and slams the door closed. The PAL wav at the window. CLIVE pulls away. The PAL runs alongside, waving. CLIVE laughs and waves back.
22) 15) dialog: He's one of the best.
22) 19) dialog: The silly bugger.
22) 21) dialog: You silly bugger. We're trying to win a war and you start off by shutting your fingers in the bloody car door.
23) 0) text: CLIVE is putting the car on blocks, taking off the wheels BILL helps him.
23) 1) dialog: That's it for the duration. (runs a duster over the bodywork) I shall miss the old girl. Pop in and give her a polish, Billy boy. Just now and then. A car needs to be cherished.
23) 4) dialog: What's that?
23) 6) dialog: Oh, that.
23) 8) text: CLIVE laughs and tickles her, trying to get round her, ke it light. GRACE laughs despite herself. BILL makes a face disgusted by the show of sentiment.
24) 0) text: CLIVE leads BILL out on to the lawn, goes down on one kne and puts his hand on the boy's shoulder. He looks solemnl into his son's eyes.
24) 1) dialog: Billy boy. Before I go, there's something I want to tell you. You're old enough now. It's time. (produces a cricket ball from his pocket.) The Googly. Your hand is too small to master it, but not to start practising. Anyway, I'm going to pass on the secret now, father to son, in case anything happens to me. (demonstrates) You know the off-break, right?
24) 3) dialog: And the leg-break?
24) 5) dialog: Now, the googly looks like a leg break, but it's really an off break. Got it? Like this.
24) 7) dialog: That's it. When you tell a lie, you hope to get away with it. When someone else does, you want to find them out. A good batsman will spot a googly. A good bowler will hide it. Always remember that, son.
24) 8) text: BILL flicks the ball this way and that, experimenting. CLIVE watches him tenderly, a moment of perfect harmony. folds BILL in his arms, holding him fast.
25) 0) text: BILL swings on the front gate looking back at his mother, SUE and DAWN bidding their farewells to CLIVE in a confusion of tears and forced gaiety.
26) 0) text: CLIVE finally strides away, head high, a military spring already in his step. Behind him GRACE shuts the door as though closing a chapter of their lives.
26) 2) text: CLIVE, now some twenty yards away, looks back. BILL throw the cricket ball and CLIVE catches it neatly. He smiles a marches down Rosehill Avenue. BILL is puzzled as CLIVE shows no sign of returning the ball. He calls after him.
26) 4) text: CLIVE is now eighty yards down the street. He suddenly turns smiling broadly, and with a prodigious throw he sen the ball in a high arc towards his son. BILL juggles his position, cups his hands, gets under it as the hard, heav ball hurtles downwards. At the last moment he loses his nerve and jumps back, letting the ball thump onto the law He looks towards CLIVE, full of shame. BILL is relieved t see that CLIVE has turned the corner.
83) 0) text: CLIVE, leather helmet and goggles iced up, rides to the R House on a Norton motorbike. The street is snow-covered a the road is covered in brown slush. BILL and SUE run out greet him. He dismounts painfully, his huge army greatcoa also rimmed with frost. His face is so stiff with cold th he cannot crack a smile and presents an intimidating figu to the children, who draw up  short. When he speaks, he c hardly form words. He staggers alarmingly from the stiffn as he walks, and cramp in one leg makes him hop up and do
83) 1) dialog: On the bike for five hours. Only got a thirty-six hour pass.
84) 0) text: CLIVE has changed into civvies and is soaking his feet in bowl of hot water. Tea has been laid and the family assembled. They watch CLIVE warily. They have learned to without him and his reappearance has upset the new ballan
84) 1) dialog: Hand me my backpack, Bill.
84) 2) text: BILL hands it to him and CLIVE proudly pulls out an un labelled can and plants it firmly on the centre of tea ta
84) 4) dialog: Jam.
84) 8) dialog: German jam. It's German jam.
84) 10) dialog: It's all right. It came from a German chip. It got sunk, and this stuff washed ashore, crates of it. Jam. Our fellows found it on the beach, by the rifle range.
84) 13) dialog: Well, it's off ration. We know that.
84) 15) text: CLIVE surveys the suspicious hostile faces. Angrily, he seizes the can and jabs it clumsily with the paper opener
84) 17) text: They retreat to the corner of the room. CLIVE has it open and bends back the top to reveal a deep-red jam. GRACE ventures forward and peers at it.
84) 18) dialog: Well?
84) 20) dialog: Jam is jam! It's just jam!
84) 24) text: There is an impasse. They stare at it gloomily. CLIVE wav grandly at the jam.
84) 25) dialog: Taste it. Why don't you taste it?
84) 27) text: The eyes turn on CLIVE. The situation forces their resent for one who has not shared in their hardships, who abando them, in fact. The jam has become a test. He looks into t faces of his family. Resolutely, he takes up a teaspoon, picks up the can and begins to eat. Grimly and steadily h ladles the jam to his mouth. They watch him carefully for signs of pain. Before their doubts are dispelled, he has consumed a third of the can. BILL is the first to crack.
84) 29) text: CLIVE stops eating, puts the can back on the table and th all dig in. The tension is dispelled. SUE climbs on CLIVE lap and he feeds her himself. They laugh and chatter and stuff bread and jam in their mouths.
84) 31) dialog: That's it.
84) 33) dialog: I wasn't too old when I started the course. I was too old when it finished.
84) 35) dialog: A clerk. I'm doing a typing course. I'll be typing for England.
84) 42) text: CLIVE grins, quickly recovered from his bad moment.
84) 43) dialog: You know what I always say? Jam is jam, the world over.
84) 44) text: DAWN reappears with BRUCE. CLIVE darts a querying look at GRACE. He winces at the sight of his little girl looking adorningly at a Canadian soldier.
84) 46) text: CLIVE laughs awkwardly, outranked.
85) 0) text: The kitchen door is open, admitting thin winter sunlight. GRACE works within. Outside, CLIVE is cleaning his kit, helped by BILL. Belt and gaiters are balanced and laid ou dry. CLIVE is sitting on the steps, putting dubbin on his boots,  BILL polishing his father's hat badge, totally absorbed in its beauty. GRACE appears, outs a hand on CLI shoulder, closes her eyes, let's the sun caress her face.
85) 2) dialog: Not till Christmas, I don't suppose.
85) 4) dialog: I'm glad you didn't send them to your aunt.
85) 6) dialog: Where to?
85) 9) text: CLIVE splutters with amusement.
85) 10) dialog: Not Woolamaloo?
85) 13) text: CLIVE starts to sing the old music-hall song.
85) 14) dialog: (singing) W-O-O-L-A-M-A-L-O-O, oo. Upon my word, it's true. It's the way to spell Woolamaloo.
86) 1) dialog: What kind of war is this Mac? Up there in Cumberland, we never see an air-raid. The worst problem I have is getting a new typewriter ribbon. When I rode in against the Turks, I knew what it was about.
86) 4) dialog: What about it?
86) 6) dialog: Why not?
86) 8) dialog: There was talk of planting some when we first came.
86) 11) dialog: How's your war, Mac?
86) 13) dialog: Except the servicemen.
86) 15) dialog: I don't understand. Is there any point to it?
86) 18) dialog: Look at how wild the boy's got. As for Dawn. Sixteen, going around with a soldier. (shakes his head) Keep and eye on them for me, Mac, there's a pal. I've made a mess of it all. (his voices cracks. A sob wells up.) I've been such a bloody fool.
86) 19) text: BILL has come up behind them and watches covertly. MAC cl CLIVE in his arms.
86) 21) dialog: Bugger the Buffs.
86) 22) text: Cries and shouts come from the street. BILL swings across crater on a dangling electric cable and scrambles into th road. There is panic and pandemonium. The local barrage balloon's fins have punctured and it has lost stability. is careering wildly like a kite out of control. CLIVE and clamber into the street as the balloon skims across the s its steel cable shearing a chimney stack which tumbles do onto the front garden sending people scattering in all directions. BILL runs up,  mad with excitement, as SUE an DAWN come out of the house with GRACE and MOLLY and look CLIVE sprints across to them.
86) 23) dialog: Take cover! We're being attacked by our own balloons!
86) 28) text: CLIVE earnestly dashes back and forth, wanting to do something, but completely unable to decide what.
86) 29) dialog: Don't panic! (goes over to Mac) Keep your head!
86) 31) text: The balloon does a fat little waltz in the sky. CLIVE suddenly explodes with laughter. DAWN has SUE in her arms
98) 1) dialog: He was a lot better this year.
98) 4) dialog: The land and the King are one, my son. If he stutters we falter. He's getting batter, and so are we.
100) 0) text: A charade is in progress. CLIVE and MAC are got up as prostitutes, wearing their wives'  clothes. GRACE and MOL are dressed as men. There is a lot of salacious flirting an argument breaks out over the price of whores. MOLLY sa the word 'tart' emphatically and BILL jumps out of his se yelling:
102) 0) text: DAWN buries her head in a cushion, crying and wailing. On MAC and MOLLY of the guests remain, and they are playing cards with CLIVE and GRACE. GRACE goes to comfort DAWN.
103) 0) text: CLIVE and DAWN riding pillion, pull up at the Guard House his old Norton. DAWN slides down and hurries to the Guard House. CLIVE props up the bike and follows her. A convoy trucks pulls out of the gate. Soldiers lean out of the ba of the lorries, cheering and whistling when they see DAWN
104) 0) text: The SERGEANT of the Guard sits toasting his toes on a cok stove. DAWN addresses CLIVE as he enters.
104) 3) text: He points to a  wall on which two posters are pinned. One says 'Careless talk costs lives, the other, ' Walls Have Ears'. DAWN is shattered. CLIVE puts his arm about her.
104) 4) dialog: He'll write as soon as he can.
104) 6) text: CLIVE leads her out. A sprig of mistletoe hangs over the door. DAWN rips it down and flings it back at the SERGEAN It hits him square in the face.
105) 0) text: CLIVE is packed up, ready to go. The family has come to b farewell, all except BILL, who suddenly appears with a triumphant whoop.
105) 2) text: He hands the little ring box to DAWN. She opens it and lo at the ring, but does not put it on her finer. CLIVE and GRACE watch tenderly.
105) 4) text: They watch CLIVE as he rides away. Behind them, the Chris tree can be seen in the window. As they turn to go in, GR looks warily at DAWN.
112) 2) text: It is open at the picture of the two families at the very beach they visited yesterday. It is burned around the edg only MOLLY and CLIVE are unscathed and they smile happily GRACE and MAC look at it then at each other. It feeds the guilt. The neighbours gather and awkwardly try to express their sympathy. MRS. EVANS arrives with some clothes.
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
126) 3) text: CLIVE shakes MAC's hand warmly.
126) 5) dialog: And I'm still just a lad myself.
127) 3) text: CLIVE raises his glass. He is tipsy.
127) 4) dialog: Here's to music. And absent friends.
127) 6) dialog: And the bride.
127) 8) dialog: And here's to my CO. He's wangled me a posting close to home. He said your house burns down, your daughter gets married, you're always on compassionate leave. You might as well stay down there!
127) 11) dialog: Fair enough. (raises glass) The river.
127) 13) dialog: And loyal friends.
127) 14) text: He tips his glass at MAC, who squirms a little. The drink made CLIVE sound excessively sincere and sentimental, so so that if he were sober, it might seem like irony.
127) 15) dialog: ...and good and faithful wives.
127) 17) dialog: We hope, and trust.
127) 19) dialog: And grumpy grandfathers.
127) 22) dialog: You know Mac played for Surrey Seconds, and I opened for the Indian Army. Are you sure...
128) 2) text: He hands CLIVE the bat, and flips the ball to BILL with a broad wink. CLIVE takes guard against the apple tree, whi is now heavy with fruit. BILL bowls. The ball turns, beat the bat. MAC pats down the grass where the ball bounced.
128) 3) dialog: Fine delivery, Bill, Good length. Turned a bit too.
128) 7) text: BILL delivers his googly. It bamboozles is father who pop caught and bowled. CLIVE is startled. As MAC takes the ba CLIVE offers a warning.
128) 8) dialog: I think it was a googly.
128) 11) dialog: I taught him how and now he turns it against me.
128) 15) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE slaps BILL on the back with such enthusiasm that he sends the boy sprawling. CLIVE catches him, holds him close and whispers in his ear.
128) 16) dialog: I'm proud of you.
128) 17) text: Cries of alarm come from the house. CLIVE hears his name called. They hurry back.
129) 3) dialog: Hot water! Lots of hot water!
129) 5) dialog: I don't know. They always say that at the pictures.
130) 0) text: CLIVE runs down to veranda steps.
130) 2) text: MAC joins CLIVE and they run to the boat and fumble awkwa with the oars.
134) 0) text: The living room is cheerful and spacious. Out of the wind the sun sets over the river. DAWN breast-feeds the baby, a week or two old. GRACE knits a tiny pair of leggings. S is drawing a picture. CLIVE snoozes in an armchair. They listening to Churchill on the wireless.