3) 8) text: An older sister, DAWN, a tumescent fifteen, stumbles into the room in a nightdress.
3) 9) dialog: Where are my stockings? I can't find my stockings!
3) 12) text: GRACE says it as though announcing that dinner is served, but her voice is torn by a sob as she holds DAWN in her arms.
3) 14) text: DAWN is appalled by her mother's display of sentiment. Sh wrenches free.
3) 15) dialog: I don't care! I want my stockings!
3) 16) text: CLIVE get's up, blazing. He seizes DAWN and shakes her.
3) 18) dialog: I don't care!
4) 2) text: They run out. GRACE sweeps little SUE into her arms, buri her face in her bosom and rushing back into the shelter o the house. DAWN and CLIVE scan the sky for planes, There are none.
4) 4) dialog: He's the worst liar.
4) 5) text: DAWN swings a fist at BILL and chases him inti the room, raining savage blows upon him.
5) 2) text: DAWN lunges at BILL. The GRANDMOTHER enters, tall, frail, elegant, ga-ga, deaf.
11) 0) text: DAWN lies in bed, head buried in pillows in that deepest all sleep, the Sunday morning adolescent lie-in. BILL shakes her, jumps on top of her, imitates an air-raid warning, tries to pull off the bedclothes but she holds them tight.
11) 3) dialog: You're the biggest fibber.
11) 6) dialog: If there's no solider, I'll have you instead.
11) 8) dialog: Cry baby Bunting.
13) 2) text: GRACE fills MAC'S glass in a tender gesture. A look passe between them. MOLLY is a friend and wife, they love and suffer in common. DAWN appears, wearing a defiant slash o lipstick.
13) 4) dialog: This phoney war get's on my nerves. If we're going to have a war, I wish they'd get it started.
15) 0) text: The meal has been eaten. They are animated again, but mor reflective, DAWN is winding wool with GRANDMA. BILL and S have also left the table. BILL is looking at the Sam Browne, now slung over the armchair, with its tangy smell of deep polish like shiny milk chocolate, a mysterious ic of war. The conversation at the table drifts over to him.
15) 10) text: DAWN, winding wool, knows this speech by heart and mimes silently with her father.
15) 12) text: GRANDMA watches DAWN'S moving lips and strains to hear.
15) 25) dialog: What were they like, the Germans, when you were a prisoner of war?
15) 29) dialog: You can speak German, can't you?
15) 31) dialog: Say something. I want to know what it sounds like.
25) 0) text: BILL swings on the front gate looking back at his mother, SUE and DAWN bidding their farewells to CLIVE in a confusion of tears and forced gaiety.
27) 0) text: BILL winces as he and SUE are passed from hand to hand, hugged and kissed by many female members of the family - DAWN, GRANDMA and GRACE'S three sisters, FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY. MOLLY is on hand with MAC, the only male. On the table are the remains of the farewell party, an iced cake balloons, gaudy wrapping paper. Encouraging cries fly about. "Aren't you lucky?" "Isn't it exciting?" "I wish I could hide in your suitcase." From the smothering embrace BILL casts a pleading look to MAC who reaches out and hau him from the women.
29) 0) text: BILL glues balsa wood wings on to a model Spitfire. Opposite him, across the dining-room table, GRACE is cutting something out of the newspaper. DAWN'S school boo are spread out on the table, but she has abandoned them i favour of a dancing lesson by Victor Sylvester on the wireless. She steers her imaginary partner between the furniture, her face concentrates, trying to follow the steps.
29) 2) text: GRACE crosses the room towards the kitchen. DAWN passes i from of her and she falls into step partnering her daught in the dance.
29) 3) dialog: You know it? It must be an old one.
29) 5) dialog: After this dance.
31) 0) text: Swirling to the dance music, DAWN comes face to face with the clock on the mantelpiece and registers the hours. She dives for the wireless and searches for another station. She is satisfied when she hears the stenorian tones of Lo Haw-Haw's nightly propaganda broadcast from Germany.
31) 1) dialog: Quick! Lord Haw-Haw! He's starting.
31) 4) text: BILL looks at his mother, DAWN gets up and goes over to t wireless, staring at it.
31) 7) dialog: He always knows.
31) 11) text: She gives him a shove towards the door to silence his protest. She takes DAWN by the shoulder and presses her into a chair and pushes her head into her homework.
33) 0) text: GRACE leads BILL and SUE down the stairs. They sleep on their feet in this familiar routine. DAWN is still dresse below, playing dance records on the gramophone and finishing homework.
34) 1) dialog: It's freezing out.
35) 1) dialog: What would we do if a German came into the house?
35) 3) dialog: Well, why do you always bring the carving knife in here?
35) 4) text: DAWN picks up the knife, pretending to hear someone outsi the cupboard door. She presses her ear to the thin wooden partition. BILL'S eyes bulge. He is half convinced. Even GRACE looks uneasy. SUE, reacting automatically to crisis pulls on her red and white 'Mickey Mouse' gasmask. Sudden DAWN thrusts the knife through a crack in the boards. She makes a blood curdling cry. GRACE slaps her, amused, despite herself. BILL seizes DAW from behind and pulls her back on top of him. They writhe and giggle. BILL cocks an ear.
35) 16) dialog: The next one is ours. Either it hits us or it goes past us.
35) 18) dialog: Please God. Not on us. Drop it on Mrs. Evans. She's a cow.
35) 20) text: It drops, some way past them. They slump exhausted agains each other. A fire-engine bell approaches. The flask goes on. DAWN gets up, untangles herself from the others.
35) 21) dialog: I'm not going to die like a rat in a trap. Let me out of here.
35) 23) dialog: I'm going outside.
36) 0) text: DAWN runs out. Searchlights criss-cross the sky. Anti aircraft shells make little white puffs in the black sky, the sound coming much later. Up the road, a house is blazing. A fire engine swings by. ARP MEN run in the street. DAWN dances in the tiny front garden.
36) 1) dialog: Quick, quick.. slow, quick, slow.
36) 3) dialog: It's lovely. Lovely. Does little Billy want to see the fireworks?
54) 3) dialog: They've got the real thing outside.
59) 4) text: The German PILOT gets languidly to his feet. The POLICEMA Retreats a pace. A TITTER or two ripples through the crow Encouragingly, the PILOT half raises his hands in the 'stick-em-up' position, the cigarette held delicately between the pale fingers. It is a taunting but oddly gent gesture. The CONSTABLE takes him by the arm and leads him off. The crowd opens up to let them pass. As he does, DAW catches his eye and he winks at her. She gives him a flirtatious smile. GRACE is horrified. She seizes DAWN an forces her face against her own breast, hiding her gaze from the lewdness of the enemy.
60) 0) text: DAWN is bent over, looking between her legs at BILL as he tries to draw a stocking seam up the back of her calf. He must continuously lick the brown crayon. She holds a hand mirror in such a way that she can see the progress of his work.
60) 1) dialog: It's crooked. Rub that bit out and do it again.
60) 3) dialog: Well, keep going. Don't stop now.
60) 7) dialog: Don't be so sure.
60) 9) dialog: When I jitterbug.
61) 0) text: DAWN, swinging as she jitterbugs with a young CANADIAN SOLDIER, BRUCE. They are good. He hoists her over his shoulder. They whirl and swirl. The music changes to a sl waltz.
61) 2) dialog: A bit too quick.
61) 4) dialog: They might be.
61) 8) text: Jeers and laughter from fellow CANADIANS on the dance floor. DAWN turns and walks off, head in the air, but not forgetting to wriggle her bottom as she goes. BRUCE grins admiringly and stalks after her on tiptoe. His pals love it.
63) 3) text: DAWN thrusts a brass regimental hat badge in BILL'S face.
63) 4) dialog: (whispering) I'm starting my own collection.
64) 0) text: DAWN pulls back the covers and slides into bed, fully dressed. She is asleep as her head hits the pillow. A distant SIREN starts-up,warning of an air-raid.
67) 0) text: GRACE enters, shakes DAWN who does not respond. GRACE pul back the covers and is surprised to see DAWN fully dresse wearing make-up and with slightly crooked seams down the back of her legs.
67) 2) text: DAWN murmurs her protest. GRACE pulls her out of bed, but DAWN crawls back in.
67) 3) dialog: I'm not going to that shelter. I'd sooner die.
70) 0) text: Two more BOMBS EXPLODE, further way, but still close enou for the blast to force them off balance. They stumble and fall, covering their ears against the pressure. They tumb into the SHELTER, stepping into several inches of water. The ack-ack keeps up the barrage, and the EXPLODING SHELL intermittently LIGHT UP the SKY. GRACE, mumbling Dawn's name, clambers out of the shelter to fetch her. GRACE sees DAWN coming down the garden. She looks dazed a she staggers quite slowly with one arm wound around her head. As she gets closer, GRACE sees that her eyes are glazed and she is MOANING. GRACE leads her into the SHELT and covers her with a blanket. SUE is fast asleep already in spite of everything. DAWN looks at her mother accusingly.
70) 1) dialog: You don't care if I die. How could you leave me there? Even if you don't love me?
70) 2) text: DAWN desperately wants her mother to take her in her arms but GRACE sits stiffly upright, unyielding.
70) 3) dialog: Tell me the truth. You had to get married, didn't you? Because of me.
70) 5) dialog: That's why you never liked me. I'm different from you. Well, everything's different now, so it doesn't matter. So there.
70) 6) text: Finally DAWN bends forward and puts her head on her mother's lap and cries, at first softly, the more bitterl GRACE holds her and rocks her at last. BILL watches this, perplexed, as perhaps he always will be, by the complex emotional interplay that passes between women.
71) 0) text: GRACE and DAWN are cleaning up the debris. Some plaster h fallen and there is a pall of dust. They are singing merrily, glad to be alive, to have survived the night. Outside the front window, BILL and SUE can be seen, havin ventured out, eager to explore the damage done to Rosehil Avenue.
73) 0) text: BILL and SUE enter, bursting with their news. GRACE'S sister, HOPE, has come to help and so have MOLLY and MAC, and a Neighbour, MRS. EVANS, on whom DAWN wished a bomb. GRACE'S arm is bandaged, MAC is scoring panes of glass wi a diamond cutter. He has a dollop of putty. BILL is immediately distracted and cannot resist kneading the putty. DAWN brings in a tray of tea. They are all in high spirits, almost festive. SUE tugs at her mother's skirt.
73) 4) text: DAWN hands the neighbour her tea.
73) 5) dialog: Still not been hit, Mrs. Evans?
73) 7) dialog: You had a near-miss the other might.
73) 9) dialog: BILL found this tiny little parachute. So that's what it was for.
73) 16) text: DAWN starts to sing 'Mareseatoats and Doeseaboats and Littleambseativy' and GRACE picks it up on the piano. DAW dances around the room. There is something wild and abandoned about her.
73) 21) dialog: I'm just doing my bit for the war effort.
73) 24) dialog: It's only a joke, Mummy. I'm fifteen. I'm still at school. I want to be a nun when I grow up.
77) 0) text: DAWN, watched by BILL, tiptoes down the stairs. She opens the front door as silently as possible. Vera Lynn dispens sexy sentimentality on the wireless ('Sincerely Yours'). GRACE appears. DAWN is caught in the act.
77) 2) dialog: Out.
77) 4) dialog: No, I won't.
77) 7) text: DAWN covers her head with her arms until GRACE stops, exhausted.
77) 8) dialog: If you've finished, I'm going.
77) 10) dialog: I want him. I want him so much. I'll kill myself if I can't have him.
77) 14) text: DAWN'S make-up is smudged, her clothes torn.
77) 15) dialog: I can't go like this.
77) 16) text: GRACE turns back and takes DAWN'S hand.
77) 18) dialog: Who said anything about love?
79) 0) text: The gang loot and pillage, smashing as they go. Behind a piece of broken wall, BILL discovers a soldier and a girl clasped together, the girl is pressed against a door. BIL moves closer. The soldier fumbles with her clothing, but is so wild with passion that his efforts are impeded. BIL registers the familiar gasps and cries that he is becomin accustomed to hearing from the injured, the dying and the coupling. The girl moves her head and her face becomes visible over the soldier's shoulder. It is DAWN. She sees BILL as he sees her. She mouths the words: 'Go away'. He turns to shake and cry. He moves away, then on an angry impulse picks up a stone and throws it. The soldier lets a cry. He turns revealing himself as BRUCE.
79) 2) text: Hearing the sacred cry, the gang come running. They see B hurling stones and quickly join in. BRUCE protests angril and throws a couple of rocks himself, but he is overwhelm He protects DAWN from the onslaught and they flee.
80) 0) text: GRACE is cutting down a coat for SUE; BILL is reading a comic, the Dandy; DAWN is darning stockings. The doorbell SOUNDS and DAWN catapults from her chair to greet the visitor. She returns with BRUCE, now evidently a welcome regular guest. BILL throws friendly punches, one wild one catches him in crotch. He takes it bravely. He distributes largesse, a t of corned beef and a packet of tea for GRACE, chewing gum SUE, a model barrage balloon for BILL and a pair of nylon for DAWN.
80) 3) dialog: I'm going to cross my legs and make that rustling noise.
80) 9) dialog: Don't be so cheeky, Bruce.
80) 14) text: BRUCE has been horsing around with BILL, and all the time DAWN devours him with her eyes.
80) 17) text: The insolent sally gives DAWN the excuse to jump on him a force him on to the sofa and into a respectful silence. Stirring music punctuates the dramatic narration, which celebrates the bravery of the soldiers fighting their las ditch stand. BRUCE giggles.
80) 26) text: BRUCE impressed, despite himself. DAWN is quite affected by her mother's deep feeling.
84) 21) dialog: Well, I'm not having any. Even if it's not poisoned. I don't think it's right. It's not patriotic.
84) 23) dialog: That's not the point.
84) 40) text: The DOORBELL SOUNDS. DAWN scoots out to answer it.
84) 44) text: DAWN reappears with BRUCE. CLIVE darts a querying look at GRACE. He winces at the sight of his little girl looking adorningly at a Canadian soldier.
84) 45) dialog: Bruce, this is my father. Dad, this is Corporal Bruce Carey.
85) 17) text: DAWN comes through the kitchen with MAC and MOLLY, who fi the Rohans in good spirits. There are arm greetings all round.
86) 22) text: Cries and shouts come from the street. BILL swings across crater on a dangling electric cable and scrambles into th road. There is panic and pandemonium. The local barrage balloon's fins have punctured and it has lost stability. is careering wildly like a kite out of control. CLIVE and clamber into the street as the balloon skims across the s its steel cable shearing a chimney stack which tumbles do onto the front garden sending people scattering in all directions. BILL runs up,  mad with excitement, as SUE an DAWN come out of the house with GRACE and MOLLY and look CLIVE sprints across to them.
86) 31) text: The balloon does a fat little waltz in the sky. CLIVE suddenly explodes with laughter. DAWN has SUE in her arms
86) 32) dialog: He just got fed up with all the other boring old barrage balloons and decided it was time to have some fun.
88) 0) text: BILL and SUE each have a torch, which serve as a searchli BILL smokes a woodbine and he blows the smoke around the suspended model aircraft. Spitfires, Hurricanes, Messerschmitts, Heinkels are picke out in turn. As they appear,BILL simulates their engine noise. With considerable dexterity, he uses his free hand fire his ack-ack guns, and papier-mache pellets, pre-soak in ink, fly through the air. BILL animates a distressed p plummeting to earth. His triumph is interrupted by a TAP the window. Expertly he dogs his Woodbine then goes to th window. He opens it and DAWN steps through. He is about t close it after her when BRUCE'S face appears. BILL lets f an ink pellet catching BRUCE square on the forehead. DAWN holds up a threatening hand and the children shrink back BRUCE clambers in. The two of them tiptoe into the next bedroom, DAWN throwing a warning glance over her shoulder
89) 0) text: BILL and SUE share the keyhole, which affords a partial v of Dawn's bed. Complicated combinations of limbs cross th field of view, offering a tantalizing version of events within. The children give up and return to their room, whispering.
90) 2) dialog: Air-raid?
90) 7) dialog: Don't get smoochy. You'll spoil it.
99) 0) text: BRUCE raises his head and presses his grotesque face to t window. He taps on the glass. He is startled to see the assembled family standing upright and staring back at him without expression. He cavorts and waves his arms, but st gets no response. Sheepishly, he slinks into the porch an pulls off the stocking. The door opens to reveal DAWN.
99) 1) dialog: Dad's furious. It was 'God Save The King'.
99) 2) text: He goes inside and she closes the door. He pushes the sta eyes into his own sockets and scrunches up his face to gr them into place. DAWN turns back and he lunges, trying to kiss her. She squeals wit laughter.
100) 13) text: raises his glass again My girls Dead you may be, or old and withered. But while live, I will do you honour to the last. Bless all of you. He drinks and slumps down into his chair, overcome with melancholy. Only MOLLY applauds and only DAWN looks sympathetic. BILL taps his grandfather's knee.
100) 19) text: BILL turns away to DAWN, stifling his giggles.
101) 0) text: DAWN and BRUCE kiss goodbye in the porch. She pulls away, sensing something amiss.
101) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
101) 3) dialog: What is it?
101) 5) dialog: Where?
101) 7) dialog: You do, you do. You're just not saying.
101) 10) dialog: You expect me to spend the rest of the war sitting at home staring at a ring? And you'll meet some French girl who can speak your own language. No thank you!
101) 12) text: BRUCE hurls the little box into the next-door bomb site a storms off into the night. DAWN slams the door.
102) 0) text: DAWN buries her head in a cushion, crying and wailing. On MAC and MOLLY of the guests remain, and they are playing cards with CLIVE and GRACE. GRACE goes to comfort DAWN.
102) 2) dialog: He's being posted. I was terrible to him.
103) 0) text: CLIVE and DAWN riding pillion, pull up at the Guard House his old Norton. DAWN slides down and hurries to the Guard House. CLIVE props up the bike and follows her. A convoy trucks pulls out of the gate. Soldiers lean out of the ba of the lorries, cheering and whistling when they see DAWN
104) 0) text: The SERGEANT of the Guard sits toasting his toes on a cok stove. DAWN addresses CLIVE as he enters.
104) 1) dialog: We've missed them. They've gone. (turns back to the Sergeant) Can't you tell me where? You can see I'm not a spy.
104) 3) text: He points to a  wall on which two posters are pinned. One says 'Careless talk costs lives, the other, ' Walls Have Ears'. DAWN is shattered. CLIVE puts his arm about her.
104) 6) text: CLIVE leads her out. A sprig of mistletoe hangs over the door. DAWN rips it down and flings it back at the SERGEAN It hits him square in the face.
105) 2) text: He hands the little ring box to DAWN. She opens it and lo at the ring, but does not put it on her finer. CLIVE and GRACE watch tenderly.
105) 3) dialog: You needn't have bothered, Bill.
105) 4) text: They watch CLIVE as he rides away. Behind them, the Chris tree can be seen in the window. As they turn to go in, GR looks warily at DAWN.
105) 6) text: DAWN nods.
105) 8) dialog: He said I was right. I shouldn't wait for him. I was better to make a clean break.
105) 10) dialog: Now he's gone and made me fall in love with him, which I never wanted to do. I told him that.
109) 2) text: DAWN is with a knot of neighbours, watching the blaze. GR is so relieved to see her that she smiles and becomes qui tranquil.
109) 11) dialog: I just wished I'd worn my nylons.
111) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, DAWN and SUE join BILL in the house and scrat among the debris to see what can be salvaged.
113) 4) text: GRACE comes alongside DAWN and waves her mother on the fa bank, only forty yards away. DAWN glances nervously at GR
113) 5) dialog: Are you strong enough for another shock? You're going to be a grandma. (waves across the river at her own Grandmother.) Hello, Grandma.
113) 8) dialog: It's not. It's happening to me.
113) 14) dialog: Three and a half months.
115) 0) text: A grey dawn light touches the mist lying over a glassy ri BILL comes down out of the house and stands at the edge o the water: not a breath of wind, not a soul stirring. He slips out of his grandfather's voluminous pajama pants. Delicately, he lowers himself into the river, careful not crack the perfect smoothness of the water. He slides slow in until only his head is showing. He swims out into the centre of the stream, without disturbing the water. He st takes a breath then submerges, leaving not a ripple, neve trace. The dawn river is once more unobserved, its secret self again.
116) 0) text: BILL comes in wet from bathing, to find DAWN half dressed contemplating her slightly swollen nave. They share a sma room in which are two bunk beds.
116) 1) dialog: Have a listen. See if you can hear anything.
116) 3) dialog: You're icy cold. A shock like that could give me a miscarriage. (grinning) That's an idea, do it again.
116) 4) text: DAWN giggles and it is BILL's turn to be shocked.
116) 6) text: DAWN leaves the room while BILL climbs into his clothes.
117) 0) text: The room lets out, through open French windows, on to a b garden sown with vegetables for some yards and then givin way to orchard and pasture. The morning sun streams in. GRANDFATHER GEORGE sits at ne end facing the garden. GRAC SUE, GRANDMA and DAWN flank him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE  is n the best in the morning. He glares at BILL as he enters a slips quietly into his seat.
117) 14) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gives him a searching look, but BILL i all innocence. DAWN stifles a giggle. GRACE sees what goe and suppresses a smile herself. BILL suddenly coughs and splutters to hid his laughter. DAWN goes red in the face, tears come to her eyes and her shoulders shake. SUE suddenly tinkles with innocent mirth the suppressed laughter bursts out of them all. They roar gasp and shudder and cannot stop. GRANDMA, quiet perplexe smiles, happy to see them all so happy. GRANDFATHER GEORG eyes blazing with anger, glares at them disdainfully, but dam has burst and, fear him as they do, the laughter pour out unabated and their eyes are filled with tears.
119) 0) text: Tea is being laid on the lawn by GRANDMA, GRACE and DAWN; GRANDFATHER GEORGE reclines in the faded swing-seat. BILL ferries FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY (his three aunts) to the island in the dingy. He rear-sculls with some difficulty, well enough. GRANDFATHER GEORGE examines his daughters wi binoculars as they 'ooh' and 'aah' greetings on their approach. They disembark and there is much hugging and kissing. They have all brought clothing for the family an dresses and blouses are held up, examined and admired. The daughters clearly disapprove of GRANDFATHER GEORGE an only offer perfunctory kisses, HOPE ignoring him complete SUE is held up and passed from hand to hand as though she were a frock herself. They take it in turns to shout clarification to their mother. They flutter around DAWN, is now showing her pregnancy.
119) 2) text: It was meant well, but it makes DAWN bristle.
119) 4) dialog: That's what I like about them.
121) 2) text: He gives the boat a shove with his stick and turns back t the house. SUE looks weepy. BILL mouths some of his repertoire of swear words. From the dormer window, DAWN witnesses their humiliation. She laughs and waves. As GRANDFATHER GEORGE turns back to the house, she ducks out sight.
123) 0) text: GRACE, dawn and the GRANDPARENTS all look amazed admirati at the boat laden with fish.
123) 4) text: DAWN looks sharply at the smug faces of her brother and sister.
123) 5) dialog: It looks a bit fishy to me.
123) 10) dialog: They'll stink the place out by morning. Why not invite all your friends to supper, Grandpa.
124) 0) text: BILL, now wielding the pole with great aplomb, send the p gliding up river. DAWN heavily pregnant and languidly melancholic, lies in the cushions, bare foot dangling in river. DAWN stiffens as the figure of a man in uniform co running along the riverbank. As he catches up with them, is revealed as BRUCE and the uniform of a Canadian soldie He waves and calls them.
124) 1) dialog: Ignore him, the bastard.
124) 2) text: BILL hesitates, but a withering look from DAWN keeps him course. BRUCE levels with them. He calls across thirty ya of river.
124) 5) dialog: Keep going. Stay on this bank.
124) 8) text: SUE waves at him. DAWN glowers at her.
124) 9) dialog: I'm going to kill you, Sue Rohan.
124) 12) text: DAWN grabs a paddle and forces him under the water. He po up further down the boat.
124) 14) text: She cracks the paddle over his head. He sinks under the water, his cap floats away. BILL rescues it. BRUCE does n reappear. They wait, become alarmed. DAWN kneels down, pe into the water.
124) 15) dialog: Oh, Bruce, Bruce. What have I done?
124) 17) dialog: I missed you so much.
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
126) 0) text: The bridal pair come out and the VICAR, considerably embarrassed, makes his excuses and backs away. A picture taken. The REDCAPS seize BRUCE by each arm. DAWN clings t him, a last kiss, and he is borne away. They all stand at church doors waving to him as he is driven away in a jeep There is some dutiful sniffing from the women, but since seems quite happy, there is no need for sympathetic tears GRACE impulsively hugs MOLLY.
127) 16) text: He points his glass at MOLLY and GRACE and waves it at th sisters and DAWN.
129) 0) text: The men arrive to find the women in a state of alarm. The are gathered in a knot around DAWN. BILL pushes his way forward.
131) 0) text: GRACE tries to be calm. She holds DAWN gingerly.
131) 2) dialog: Why? It's coming on its own. It doesn't hurt.
134) 0) text: The living room is cheerful and spacious. Out of the wind the sun sets over the river. DAWN breast-feeds the baby, a week or two old. GRACE knits a tiny pair of leggings. S is drawing a picture. CLIVE snoozes in an armchair. They listening to Churchill on the wireless.
134) 2) text: BILL enters, flushed and panting. His eyes are bright wit excitement. He goes to DAWN and, reaching inside his shir pulls out a peach and hands it to her reverentially.
134) 4) text: DAWN take's it. It looks pretty miserable. Most of the fu skin has rubbed off during its hazardous journey next to BILL's skin. DAWN's first impulse is to make a sarcastic comment, but in her new maturity, she bites it back and smiles.
134) 5) dialog: You did that for me, and on the last day of your holidays?
134) 7) dialog: Thank you Billy, from the baby and me.