1) 0) text: In the penumbra of the room, the mother, GRACE, in droopy flowered frock, crosses, floats towards the walnut wirele and, with trembling hand, switches it on. Its green dial glows with stations like Droitwich and Hilversum. She glides back and drapes herself behind an armchair in whic her husband, CLIVE, sits solemn and motionless.
3) 10) text: Her mother, GRACE, interrupts her with outstretched arms.
3) 11) dialog: Dawn, darling. They've started a war again.
3) 12) text: GRACE says it as though announcing that dinner is served, but her voice is torn by a sob as she holds DAWN in her arms.
3) 13) dialog: (Whispering and sobbing) We mustn't frighten the little ones.
3) 20) text: GRACE inserts herself between them.
3) 21) dialog: Clive. Don't. Dawn, please.
4) 2) text: They run out. GRACE sweeps little SUE into her arms, buri her face in her bosom and rushing back into the shelter o the house. DAWN and CLIVE scan the sky for planes, There are none.
5) 4) dialog: (shouting) No, Mother! It's War! War!
5) 6) dialog: War! War! War!
8) 1) dialog: Such a beautiful day too.
10) 12) dialog: My aunt in Australia has offered..
10) 13) text: BILL sits on the steps at the half-open kitchen door and wrings the water from his socks. SUE comes in and GRACE signals MOLLY to be circumspect, but she blunders on.
10) 15) text: BILL listens, talking it all in. GRACE Watches little SUE waddle out carrying planes.
10) 16) dialog: It's so far way. I couldn't bear it.
10) 18) text: GRACE turns away. Fighting back tears. MOLLY impulsively takes GRACE in her arms.
10) 20) dialog: I know you mean well.
10) 24) dialog: Nothing will ever be the same again, Molly. And the funny thing is, I'm glad.
13) 0) text: MOLLY and GRACE and GRANDMA have 'gin and its', the men brown ale. They are in high spirits. SUE is doing a puzzl on the floor. MOLLY shouts into GRANDMA'S ear.
13) 2) text: GRACE fills MAC'S glass in a tender gesture. A look passe between them. MOLLY is a friend and wife, they love and suffer in common. DAWN appears, wearing a defiant slash o lipstick.
13) 3) dialog: I doubt if a few bombs would wake up Dawn on a Sunday morning.
13) 5) dialog: Just ignore her, Mac.
15) 4) dialog: It was the best time of his life.
15) 16) dialog: No Turks.
15) 18) dialog: They'd gone.
15) 22) dialog: And it was the last. Hasn't written a letter since. Not even a birthday card.
16) 9) text: GRACE and MOLLY appear at the door, alarmed. The men slee on.
19) 0) text: MAC and MOLLY are leaving, as CLIVE and GRACE help them o with their coats. They have had a few more drinks, and ar making sentimental farewells.
19) 3) dialog: You're making me start now.
19) 13) text: GRACE holds her tight.
19) 14) dialog: Better off, Molly. What's to become of the poor mites!
19) 23) text: He puts an arm about MOLLY and plunges into the blacked-o dark-winter-night. As GRACE turns back, she glimpses the children on the landing above.
19) 24) dialog: Do you know what time it is? Go back to bed, this instant.
23) 2) text: GRACE has appeared at the door and heard some of this.
23) 3) dialog: Has Sue got it right?
23) 5) dialog: You joined up.
23) 7) dialog: I wish you could have told me yourself. (he takes Grace in his arms.) Oh, Grace, it's not for long. They say it'll be over by Christmas.
23) 8) text: CLIVE laughs and tickles her, trying to get round her, ke it light. GRACE laughs despite herself. BILL makes a face disgusted by the show of sentiment.
23) 9) dialog: Don't be so daft. Act your age. (extricates herself) I can't cope on my own. I'd better let the children go.
26) 0) text: CLIVE finally strides away, head high, a military spring already in his step. Behind him GRACE shuts the door as though closing a chapter of their lives.
27) 0) text: BILL winces as he and SUE are passed from hand to hand, hugged and kissed by many female members of the family - DAWN, GRANDMA and GRACE'S three sisters, FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY. MOLLY is on hand with MAC, the only male. On the table are the remains of the farewell party, an iced cake balloons, gaudy wrapping paper. Encouraging cries fly about. "Aren't you lucky?" "Isn't it exciting?" "I wish I could hide in your suitcase." From the smothering embrace BILL casts a pleading look to MAC who reaches out and hau him from the women.
27) 2) text: GRACE ties a label to BILL'S lapel. It declares his name and other details.
27) 3) dialog: Time to go.
28) 0) text: MAC and GRACE lead BILL and SUE into the concourse where hundreds of children are assembled, each wearing an identification label. The noise is overwhelming. The organizers shout into megaphones. One buy has fainted and is put on a stretcher by St. Johns Ambulance men and, to get through the crowd, they hold the stretcher above thei heads. The boy recovers, sits up and waves to his friends The parents throng behind the barrier and they follow him WOMEN'S VOLUNTARY SERVICE (W.V.S) Volunteers stand by.
28) 2) text: GRACE nods. The W.V.S WOMAN examines the labels on SUE an BILL and checks them against her list. The steam ad noise have suffocating effect on GRACE.
28) 4) text: GRACE weeps as she embraces SUE. BILL fights back the tea and turns away embarrassed when his mother wants a kiss from him.
28) 6) text: They are sucked into the enclosure and quickly disappear among the throng of refugee children. GRACE tries to foll with her eyes, searching for them hungrily. They disappea MAC flinches at the pain he sees in her face. She lunges forward, and tries to push through the barrier.
28) 7) dialog: I can't do it. What's the point?
28) 10) dialog: Let me through, I want my children.
28) 12) dialog: Yes, I did. And now I want them back.
28) 16) text: MAC swings them over to GRACE. She snatches up SUE and hu her. Over the child's shoulder her eye is drawn to a post depicting a ghostly Hitler hovering over a mother and her children. He whispers in her ear "Take them back".
28) 18) text: GRACE is shattered, drained. She becomes calm almost dreamy.
28) 19) dialog: Please yourself. (turns to Mac) Let them go, if they want.
28) 21) text: GRACE turns back to the barrier, which is still defended the W.V.S WOMAN with the clipboard.
28) 23) dialog: Yes.
29) 0) text: BILL glues balsa wood wings on to a model Spitfire. Opposite him, across the dining-room table, GRACE is cutting something out of the newspaper. DAWN'S school boo are spread out on the table, but she has abandoned them i favour of a dancing lesson by Victor Sylvester on the wireless. She steers her imaginary partner between the furniture, her face concentrates, trying to follow the steps.
29) 2) text: GRACE crosses the room towards the kitchen. DAWN passes i from of her and she falls into step partnering her daught in the dance.
29) 4) dialog: Ancient. Have you finished your homework?
30) 0) text: GRACE pins the newspaper cutting to a bulletin board whic also displays a 'war map' with pins in it showing the progress of hostilities. The cutting is a David Low carto showing a soldier standing defiantly on a rocky promontor looking across a stormy sea towards France, saying 'Very well alone.' She is deeply moved by it. BILL enters and watches her, sensitive of her mood, but he has a mournful duty. He takes out the pins, representing the German Army in Russia.
30) 2) text: GRACE lays a restraining hand on his shoulder.
30) 3) dialog: Tomorrow. Give them one more night of freedom. Move them in the morning.
31) 2) text: BILL scampers in. GRACE hovers by the door.
31) 6) dialog: It's just German Propaganda.
31) 8) dialog: Half the time he's bluffing.
31) 9) text: A moment of dread hangs over the room. GRACE summons her resolve and bustles over to the wireless and snaps it off
31) 10) dialog: Bill, off to bed.
32) 0) text: Sirens are sounding, one after the other, some distant, some close, then the one at the end of the street, like dogs howling in the night waking other dogs. Three German bombers, a Heinkel, a Dornier and a Stuka, fly in formati across the black sky. GRACE appears behind the model planes, which hang on threads from the ceiling, wakes BIL and SUE and they stumble out of bed.
33) 0) text: GRACE leads BILL and SUE down the stairs. They sleep on their feet in this familiar routine. DAWN is still dresse below, playing dance records on the gramophone and finishing homework.
33) 1) dialog: We better go to the shelter.
34) 2) text: GRACE hesitates, then closes the windows.
35) 0) text: They squeeze themselves into the tiny space under the stairs, close the door and light a candle. BILL and SUE complain irritably as they try to arrange their limbs. Th shoving and pushing wakes them up. GRACE gives each of them a biscuit from a tin.
35) 2) dialog: Don't be silly, Dawn.
35) 4) text: DAWN picks up the knife, pretending to hear someone outsi the cupboard door. She presses her ear to the thin wooden partition. BILL'S eyes bulge. He is half convinced. Even GRACE looks uneasy. SUE, reacting automatically to crisis pulls on her red and white 'Mickey Mouse' gasmask. Sudden DAWN thrusts the knife through a crack in the boards. She makes a blood curdling cry. GRACE slaps her, amused, despite herself. BILL seizes DAW from behind and pulls her back on top of him. They writhe and giggle. BILL cocks an ear.
35) 9) dialog: Why didn't I take you to the shelter?
35) 13) dialog: If only I'd let you go to Australia.
35) 25) dialog: Wait. Don't.
36) 6) text: He tosses it from hand to hand. At the far end of the street, the skyline of central London is silhouetted against a burning sky. GRACE suddenly laughs at the sight of the burning house down the street. She is shocked at h own reaction.
36) 7) dialog: Come in at once, or I wash my hands of you.
52) 0) text: BILL and SUE run through the hallway and into the living room, scattering satchels, hats, gasmasks in their wake. Their excitement is far too intense to explain to the startled GRACE. They burst out through the French Windows into the Garden.
55) 0) text: A number of PEOPLE have come out of their suburban garden and look up at the pale-blue-winter sky. GRACE, SUE and BILL are among them. A SQUADRON OF SPITFIRES is attacking a formation of GERMA BOMBERS. They are distant black dots high above the barra balloons. The planes WHEEL and DIVE and give a splendid display of AEROBATICS. Being so high, there is almost no sound of engines or cannon and the feeling of unreality i heightened.
56) 0) text: One of the GERMAN PLANES is HIT as the PILOT leaps from h burning plane and a PARACHUTE blossoms and checks his fal GRACE draws the children back into the corner of the hous as the PLANE CRASHES. They creep out again. The dog fight continues but the German planes have lost formation and dispersed. The battle has become straggly and is rapidly disappearing from view. Meanwhile, the PILOT'S PARACHUTE drifts ever CLOSER as he descends, causing great excitement.
57) 0) text: NEIGHBOURS run in the direction of the FALLING AIRMAN. So WOMEN carry garden forks and others pick up rocks on the way. GRACE and the children hurry back into the house.
59) 0) text: The PILOT drifts on to the wasteland where the barrage balloon bravely flies. People rush in from all sides, as makes an elegant landing and gathers his parachute. A cro of women, children and OLD MEN encircle him. He looks no more than twenty-years old. The crowd watches every move makes. They edge back as he reaches into his pocket. But is only a silk handkerchief that he pulls out. He wipes h hands, puts it away. He moves to an empty oil drum and si on it. He crosses his legs and carefully lights a cigarette. His affects the greatest nonchalance as he smokes. A little way off a huge hoarding gives the impression of the houses that were to be built on this site, an idyll of suburban bliss. The PILOT looks at the idealized family group on the poster and then at GRACE an her children. He smiles ironically.
59) 1) dialog: England is so beautiful, and he had to land here of all places.
59) 4) text: The German PILOT gets languidly to his feet. The POLICEMA Retreats a pace. A TITTER or two ripples through the crow Encouragingly, the PILOT half raises his hands in the 'stick-em-up' position, the cigarette held delicately between the pale fingers. It is a taunting but oddly gent gesture. The CONSTABLE takes him by the arm and leads him off. The crowd opens up to let them pass. As he does, DAW catches his eye and he winks at her. She gives him a flirtatious smile. GRACE is horrified. She seizes DAWN an forces her face against her own breast, hiding her gaze from the lewdness of the enemy.
65) 0) text: GRACE is instantly alert as the SIRENS call to one anothe coming CLOSER. She throws on her dressing-gown, pulls on her fur-lined boots, picks up the ever-packed bag at her bedside and hurries out of the door.
66) 0) text: GRACE shakes BILL and SUE awake.
66) 1) dialog: Bill, Sue. Air-raid!
67) 0) text: GRACE enters, shakes DAWN who does not respond. GRACE pul back the covers and is surprised to see DAWN fully dresse wearing make-up and with slightly crooked seams down the back of her legs.
67) 1) dialog: Dawn, what have you been up to?
67) 2) text: DAWN murmurs her protest. GRACE pulls her out of bed, but DAWN crawls back in.
68) 0) text: BOMBS are already falling. GRACE switches on a light and hurries down the stairs leading her two children through the familiar routine. She calls back. BILL bumps down the stairs, on his bottom, half asleep.
68) 1) dialog: Dawn! Come down here!
69) 0) text: As they approach the French windows, another BOMB EXPLODE very close by. Before its sound is heard, there is a tremendous BLAST, which rips off the blackout curtains and sends them floating into the room. The WINDOWS are TORN OUT and most of the fragmented glass hangs limply from the brown paper that criss-crosses the panes for just this eventuality. Every loose object is hurled inwards. The room light flickers on and off and shell-bursts illuminate the room from without. GRACE and the children are thrown back against the wall, but before they hit it the process is reversed and the blast is sucked out again. They are pull back towards the windows together with the glass and loos fragments of the room. This all happens slowly as though the room is filled with water and the windows were a reversible sluice gate. SUE'S long blonde-hair is first blown, then sucked across her face. Then comes the SOUND the EXPLOSION itself, Which seems to have the effect od draining water from the room. The People and the bric-a brac all drop to the floor, dead weights once more. The children clutch their ears, SCREAMING. GRACE has one two cuts. She gathers up the children, spreading her bloo on them, and frightens herself, confused as to whom the blood belongs. She wipes it away, crying out a desperate prayer.
69) 1) dialog: Please, God. Take me, but spare them.
70) 0) text: Two more BOMBS EXPLODE, further way, but still close enou for the blast to force them off balance. They stumble and fall, covering their ears against the pressure. They tumb into the SHELTER, stepping into several inches of water. The ack-ack keeps up the barrage, and the EXPLODING SHELL intermittently LIGHT UP the SKY. GRACE, mumbling Dawn's name, clambers out of the shelter to fetch her. GRACE sees DAWN coming down the garden. She looks dazed a she staggers quite slowly with one arm wound around her head. As she gets closer, GRACE sees that her eyes are glazed and she is MOANING. GRACE leads her into the SHELT and covers her with a blanket. SUE is fast asleep already in spite of everything. DAWN looks at her mother accusingly.
70) 2) text: DAWN desperately wants her mother to take her in her arms but GRACE sits stiffly upright, unyielding.
70) 4) dialog: The ideas you get in your head.
70) 6) text: Finally DAWN bends forward and puts her head on her mother's lap and cries, at first softly, the more bitterl GRACE holds her and rocks her at last. BILL watches this, perplexed, as perhaps he always will be, by the complex emotional interplay that passes between women.
71) 0) text: GRACE and DAWN are cleaning up the debris. Some plaster h fallen and there is a pall of dust. They are singing merrily, glad to be alive, to have survived the night. Outside the front window, BILL and SUE can be seen, havin ventured out, eager to explore the damage done to Rosehil Avenue.
73) 0) text: BILL and SUE enter, bursting with their news. GRACE'S sister, HOPE, has come to help and so have MOLLY and MAC, and a Neighbour, MRS. EVANS, on whom DAWN wished a bomb. GRACE'S arm is bandaged, MAC is scoring panes of glass wi a diamond cutter. He has a dollop of putty. BILL is immediately distracted and cannot resist kneading the putty. DAWN brings in a tray of tea. They are all in high spirits, almost festive. SUE tugs at her mother's skirt.
73) 2) text: GRACE'S attention is elsewhere. She does not hear.
73) 12) text: GRACE goes over to it and opens the lid, runs her fingers over the keys.
73) 13) dialog: It seems to have survived.
73) 16) text: DAWN starts to sing 'Mareseatoats and Doeseaboats and Littleambseativy' and GRACE picks it up on the piano. DAW dances around the room. There is something wild and abandoned about her.
73) 22) text: GRACE stops playing.
73) 23) dialog: I won't have this vulgar talk in my house.
73) 25) text: MAC goes over to GRACE. He picks up some sheet music from pile scattered on the floor. He selects a piece and props it on the music stand.
73) 27) text: GRACE is softened by his tone. Their eyes meet for a moment. She turns the stool back to the keyboard and play Chopin, particularly poignant since the fall of Warsaw. They listen with teary eyes. 'Mareseatoats and Doeseaboat and Chopin. It is the spirit of the Blitz.
77) 0) text: DAWN, watched by BILL, tiptoes down the stairs. She opens the front door as silently as possible. Vera Lynn dispens sexy sentimentality on the wireless ('Sincerely Yours'). GRACE appears. DAWN is caught in the act.
77) 1) dialog: And where do you think you're going?
77) 3) dialog: You go to bed this minute and take off that lipstick.
77) 5) text: GRACE files at her, enraged, and slaps her head and face.
77) 6) dialog: You wouldn't dare defy me if your father was here.
77) 7) text: DAWN covers her head with her arms until GRACE stops, exhausted.
77) 9) text: She steps out of the door. GRACE grabs her, tearing her blouse, and swings her back inside. They wrestle wildly, both whimpering and moaning. BILL watches from above as t fight imperceptibly transforms and mother and daughter ar finally hugging each other and crying.
77) 11) dialog: There, there, my baby.
77) 12) text: GRACE lets go and turns towards the living room where Ver Lynn wails a lament.
77) 13) dialog: Go if you want. What does it matter? We might be all dead tomorrow.
77) 16) text: GRACE turns back and takes DAWN'S hand.
77) 17) dialog: You better bring him home, if you really love him. Don't kill love. You'll regret it for the rest of your life.
80) 0) text: GRACE is cutting down a coat for SUE; BILL is reading a comic, the Dandy; DAWN is darning stockings. The doorbell SOUNDS and DAWN catapults from her chair to greet the visitor. She returns with BRUCE, now evidently a welcome regular guest. BILL throws friendly punches, one wild one catches him in crotch. He takes it bravely. He distributes largesse, a t of corned beef and a packet of tea for GRACE, chewing gum SUE, a model barrage balloon for BILL and a pair of nylon for DAWN.
80) 4) text: Finally and dramatically, BRUCE pulls out a package in a brown-paper bag. He gives it to GRACE. She opens it. It i piece of beef steak. GRACE is overcome.
80) 5) dialog: Steak! I can't remember the last time...
80) 7) text: 'The last time I saw sirloin...' GRACE holds the raw meat in her two hands and impulsively kisses it.
80) 15) dialog: Oh, do let's listen to this. I never tire of listening to it. I gives me goose pimples.
80) 20) dialog: How can you say such things? Can't you hear what happened?
80) 25) dialog: I don't care what you say. It filled our hearts that day. The little people stood up for once against the tyrant. Stood up and said no!
80) 27) dialog: That's how we put up with the bombing and the rationing, because of Dunkirk. Because of the spirit of Dunkirk, and because of that we shall never give in, never.
84) 3) dialog: And what's that?
84) 7) dialog: Jam? What kind of jam? It's not like any jam I know.
84) 11) text: GRACE picks it up gingerly, turns it, searches the blank silver-grey metal for a sign, a clue, a portent.
84) 12) dialog: We don't know anything about it
84) 14) dialog: How do we know they didn't plant it there? They know we're mad on jam. They could poison half the country.
84) 16) dialog: Come away, children. I don't want you to stand too close while he's opening it.
84) 17) text: They retreat to the corner of the room. CLIVE has it open and bends back the top to reveal a deep-red jam. GRACE ventures forward and peers at it.
84) 19) dialog: It looks....foreign.
84) 26) dialog: You taste it.
84) 30) dialog: You mean they let you go through the officer training course and then said you were too old for a commission?
84) 32) dialog: Why didn't they say that before you started?
84) 34) dialog: What are you going to be then?
84) 36) text: GRACE goes to him, puts an arm around him.
84) 37) dialog: Poor Clive. You wanted it so much.
84) 39) dialog: You're such a baby.
84) 44) text: DAWN reappears with BRUCE. CLIVE darts a querying look at GRACE. He winces at the sight of his little girl looking adorningly at a Canadian soldier.
85) 0) text: The kitchen door is open, admitting thin winter sunlight. GRACE works within. Outside, CLIVE is cleaning his kit, helped by BILL. Belt and gaiters are balanced and laid ou dry. CLIVE is sitting on the steps, putting dubbin on his boots,  BILL polishing his father's hat badge, totally absorbed in its beauty. GRACE appears, outs a hand on CLI shoulder, closes her eyes, let's the sun caress her face.
85) 1) dialog: When do you think you'll get leave again?
85) 5) dialog: I've had a letter from her. They've moved house.
85) 8) dialog: Woolamaloo.
86) 22) text: Cries and shouts come from the street. BILL swings across crater on a dangling electric cable and scrambles into th road. There is panic and pandemonium. The local barrage balloon's fins have punctured and it has lost stability. is careering wildly like a kite out of control. CLIVE and clamber into the street as the balloon skims across the s its steel cable shearing a chimney stack which tumbles do onto the front garden sending people scattering in all directions. BILL runs up,  mad with excitement, as SUE an DAWN come out of the house with GRACE and MOLLY and look CLIVE sprints across to them.
86) 26) text: She giggles. The balloon bumps on the rooftop then shoots into the sky again. GRACE starts to laugh.
86) 27) dialog: It's so wonderful.
87) 0) text: A make-do-and-mend session, where clothes are exchanged, repaired, altered and cut down. It is swarming with women children. MOLLY and GRACE rummage among the racks of clothing. SUE and BILL, bored and resigned, are obliged t try on items of used clothing.
87) 2) dialog: I don't mind it. It was harder before the war. Trying to keep up appearances. Now it's patriotic to be poor.
87) 5) dialog: You know something, Molly? I like it on my own. I never got used to sharing a bed, not really.
87) 9) dialog: Molly!
87) 11) text: She dissolves in a fit of giggles. GRACE helps SUE with a sensible navy-blue coat. It is heavy and dull. SUE doesn' like it. Her face creases and tears well up.
87) 12) dialog: You're having me on, Molly.
87) 14) dialog: You've been drinking. Your tipsy.
95) 0) text: BILL slides back into his seat next to GRACE as DAME Myra concludes the WARSAW Concerto. The audience rises to its feet, applauding, GRACE, he eyes shining, is among them. watches her pleasure with pleasure. BILL is disturbed by the music, by the eruption of emotio and some wearing blue uniforms demoting the war wounded. clap and clap.
95) 1) dialog: Mac, that was wonderful. I haven't been to a concert since...
95) 3) dialog: That's right. Not since then Not since I got married.
95) 4) text: Their eyes meet. The audience is drowning in it own appla Everyone is crying, or laughing, or both. GRACE and MAC a them. In the emotional tumult they reveal more than they intend. The audience falls silent. BILL'S gaze drifts to wall where huge paintings by special war artists hang. GR tears her eyes away from MAC. She senses BILL watching he and turns her attention to Dame Myra's fingers flying ove the keys.
96) 0) text: The table has been stretched to embrace the Rohan family, including GRACE'S SISTERS. They wear paper hats, have finished their Christmas dinner, and are listening attentively to King George VI stuttering painfully throug his Christmas message.
100) 0) text: A charade is in progress. CLIVE and MAC are got up as prostitutes, wearing their wives'  clothes. GRACE and MOL are dressed as men. There is a lot of salacious flirting an argument breaks out over the price of whores. MOLLY sa the word 'tart' emphatically and BILL jumps out of his se yelling:
100) 4) text: GRACE'S father rises, his glass held aloft.
100) 8) dialog: Father, that's enough now
100) 10) text: Tears come to his eyes. He falters. There are cries of 'shame'. HOPE, GRACE'S sister, jumps to her feet.
102) 0) text: DAWN buries her head in a cushion, crying and wailing. On MAC and MOLLY of the guests remain, and they are playing cards with CLIVE and GRACE. GRACE goes to comfort DAWN.
102) 1) dialog: What is it, pet?
102) 3) dialog: Don't leave it like that. Go after him. Swallow your pride.
105) 2) text: He hands the little ring box to DAWN. She opens it and lo at the ring, but does not put it on her finer. CLIVE and GRACE watch tenderly.
105) 5) dialog: That letter this morning, was it from Bruce?
105) 7) dialog: What did he say?
105) 9) dialog: I think it's very sensible in the circumstances.
106) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE are finishing a frugal picnic on beach. They are muffled up against the nip of early sprin The sand is criss-crossed with pointed iron spikes and co of barbed wire. Curt signs warn against mines and other hazards. BILL and SUE start to play happily and messily i the sand. In the distance, they hear MUFFLED, deep-throat EXPLOSIONS.
106) 8) dialog: Remember this beach, Mac? All those summers. Out two families, together.
106) 12) text: GRACE starts to sing.
106) 13) dialog: (singing) There'll be blue birds over, The white cliffs of Dover...
108) 0) text: Moonlight flickers intermittently into the compartment, lending a jerky, monochrome quality to the scene. SUE sle thumb in mouth. BILL dozes in the corner of the compartme GRACE and MAC sit side by side.
108) 1) dialog: (softly) Mac, did you ever find out who Molly went off with?
108) 4) dialog: You miss her. I know you do.
108) 7) dialog: Not loving enough. That is a terrible thing to do to someone. I suppose I did it to Clive. Always held something back.
108) 8) text: BILL stirs and fidgets, half hearing, squinting through drooping lids. MAC and GRACE lower their voices further whispering.
108) 10) dialog: You were never apart, you and Clive. He kept asking and asking. And I waited and waited for you to say something. And you never did.
108) 12) text: They fall silent. GRACE smiles ruefully.
108) 13) dialog: He could always make me laugh.
108) 15) dialog: This war's put an end to decent things. I want to close my eyes and jump and give myself for once, hold nothing back.
108) 17) dialog: We did all the proper things, and we lost love. That's sad, Mac.
108) 19) dialog: If I saw this at the pictures, I'd be crying my eyes out, but I can't shed a tear for myself.
109) 0) text: As GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE turn into the avenue, they se house burning. It is theirs. When they get closer, they s it is gutted and the roof has collapsed. The firemen have hoses trained on it, but it is too hot to get into the fr door. GRACE'S first thought is for her Daughter.
109) 1) dialog: Dawn! Dawn!
109) 3) dialog: Thank God you're safe.
109) 6) dialog: I didn't know there was a raid.
109) 8) dialog: What do you mean, a fire?
109) 10) text: MAC is shattered. He puts an arm round GRACE. She throws a look, haunted with guilt, and she moves away to console children, who watch the blaze impassively.
109) 12) text: GRACE suddenly seized by a dread thought. She runs to the FIRECHIEF.
109) 13) dialog: My ration books are in there.
110) 0) text: Mac's car drives up to the charred ruins of the house. GR and the children get out. ROGER and his gang are already looting. BILL charges ROGER and punches him in the face. fall and roll in the wet ashes. The bigger boy is so take aback by BILL'S ferocity that he cannot gain an advantage MAC stops GRACE from interfering, understanding the boy's need. PAULINE has appeared and smiles knowingly as she watches. Other children gather. ROGER picks himself up and the gan beats a retreat.
111) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, DAWN and SUE join BILL in the house and scrat among the debris to see what can be salvaged.
112) 0) text: They ferry bit and pieces to the car. GRACE discovers the charred remnants of a photo album. There are pictures wit burnt fragments and she carries it carefully to the car.
112) 1) dialog: Mac, look! Some of the snaps are saved.
112) 2) text: It is open at the picture of the two families at the very beach they visited yesterday. It is burned around the edg only MOLLY and CLIVE are unscathed and they smile happily GRACE and MAC look at it then at each other. It feeds the guilt. The neighbours gather and awkwardly try to express their sympathy. MRS. EVANS arrives with some clothes.
112) 4) dialog: Thank you, Evelyne.
112) 6) dialog: It's only a house. We still have each other.
113) 0) text: Carrying GRACE and the three children, MAC's car draws up the towpath facing an island on which is a number of wood bungalows with verandas decorated in fretted scroll work. Neat lawns slope down to the river's edge where varnished punts and skiffs like sleekly tethered. GRANDFATHER GEORG has spotted them and he rear-sculls his dinghy across the water to fetch them.
113) 4) text: GRACE comes alongside DAWN and waves her mother on the fa bank, only forty yards away. DAWN glances nervously at GR
113) 6) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE  docks his craft expertly and lassoes mooring post. GRACE lets out an hysterical cry.
113) 7) dialog: I don't believe this is happening to me.
113) 11) dialog: What did I do to deserve this?
113) 13) dialog: (to Dawn) How long?
113) 16) text: The children have got into the boat. GRACE turns to MAC a kisses him awkwardly.
113) 17) dialog: Bless you, Mac. What would I have done without you?
113) 19) dialog: (wistfully) I wish it could all have been different.
113) 21) text: He watches them as they cross the river, conscious of the widening between himself and GRACE.
113) 22) dialog: Everything I have left in the world is in this little boat.
117) 2) dialog: (shouting and emancipating) Up to six weeks, I think.
117) 14) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gives him a searching look, but BILL i all innocence. DAWN stifles a giggle. GRACE sees what goe and suppresses a smile herself. BILL suddenly coughs and splutters to hid his laughter. DAWN goes red in the face, tears come to her eyes and her shoulders shake. SUE suddenly tinkles with innocent mirth the suppressed laughter bursts out of them all. They roar gasp and shudder and cannot stop. GRANDMA, quiet perplexe smiles, happy to see them all so happy. GRANDFATHER GEORG eyes blazing with anger, glares at them disdainfully, but dam has burst and, fear him as they do, the laughter pour out unabated and their eyes are filled with tears.
118) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE  poles the punt up the river. GRACE,  GRANDMA and SUE lounge in the cushions. BILL stands along the old man, learning the way of it.
118) 8) text: They are beguiled by the smell of the afternoon. GRACE tr her fingers dreamily through in the water. Willows, bulrushes, glides past.
118) 10) dialog: Wasn't it lovely?
119) 0) text: Tea is being laid on the lawn by GRANDMA, GRACE and DAWN; GRANDFATHER GEORGE reclines in the faded swing-seat. BILL ferries FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY (his three aunts) to the island in the dingy. He rear-sculls with some difficulty, well enough. GRANDFATHER GEORGE examines his daughters wi binoculars as they 'ooh' and 'aah' greetings on their approach. They disembark and there is much hugging and kissing. They have all brought clothing for the family an dresses and blouses are held up, examined and admired. The daughters clearly disapprove of GRANDFATHER GEORGE an only offer perfunctory kisses, HOPE ignoring him complete SUE is held up and passed from hand to hand as though she were a frock herself. They take it in turns to shout clarification to their mother. They flutter around DAWN, is now showing her pregnancy.
119) 23) text: With ill grace, GRANDFATHER GEORGE surrenders the bat and offers a harmless arthritic delivery which BILL thumps in the gooseberry bushes. GRANDFATHER GEORGE curses and pric his fingers as he tries to retrieves the ball. He looks u irritably at the sounds of laughter from his daughters. H snarls in their direction.
123) 0) text: GRACE, dawn and the GRANDPARENTS all look amazed admirati at the boat laden with fish.
123) 6) dialog: Could we salt them, or smoke them, do you think?
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
126) 0) text: The bridal pair come out and the VICAR, considerably embarrassed, makes his excuses and backs away. A picture taken. The REDCAPS seize BRUCE by each arm. DAWN clings t him, a last kiss, and he is borne away. They all stand at church doors waving to him as he is driven away in a jeep There is some dutiful sniffing from the women, but since seems quite happy, there is no need for sympathetic tears GRACE impulsively hugs MOLLY.
126) 1) dialog: I'm so glad you could come. Here we are, all together again.
127) 0) text: The party is on the veranda. BILL and SUE sit on the step GRANDFATHER is alone on the swing seat. GRACE and her thr sisters are a sting quartet. They finish a piece. The oth clap. It leaves them a little melancholy.
127) 2) dialog: And now we're glad you did.
127) 10) dialog: I've found a bungalow to rent up the towpath, Clive. I never want to leave the river again. The children have had such a wonderful summer.
127) 16) text: He points his glass at MOLLY and GRACE and waves it at th sisters and DAWN.
129) 1) dialog: Clive, go for the doctor. It's Dawn. She's in labour.
131) 0) text: GRACE tries to be calm. She holds DAWN gingerly.
131) 1) dialog: Now take deep breaths, and push.
134) 0) text: The living room is cheerful and spacious. Out of the wind the sun sets over the river. DAWN breast-feeds the baby, a week or two old. GRACE knits a tiny pair of leggings. S is drawing a picture. CLIVE snoozes in an armchair. They listening to Churchill on the wireless.