100) 5) dialog: The for my annual toast. Charge your glasses.
100) 7) dialog: To Mary McDonald, Thelma Richardson, Bobo Hinds, Lily Sanderson... (savours each name, smiles, shakes is head, has a special emphasis or tone of voice for every one of them.) ...Little Sarah Whats-it, now there was a spirit. And Marjorie Anderson.
100) 9) dialog: And...and...Henry Chapman's girl, was it Thelma? No, I can see those cornflower eyes...I've lost your name, my sweetness.
100) 12) dialog: ...Betty Browning...Betty, let me tell you something. I'm seventy three years old, I've seen half the wonders of the world and I never laid eyes on a finer sight than the curve of Betty Browning's breasts...
100) 15) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE looks up  sadly.
100) 16) dialog: What's that?
100) 18) dialog: So it was. Sheila. This boy will go far.
113) 1) dialog: Coming. Coming. Deliverance is at hand. All will be well.
113) 6) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE  docks his craft expertly and lassoes mooring post. GRACE lets out an hysterical cry.
113) 9) dialog: responding to GRACE
113) 10) text: It's only a house, and a ghastly one at that. They should be burned and bombed and the builder hanged. MAC and GRANDFATHER GEORGE load the family's few possessi on the boat.
113) 12) dialog: You married that fool, Clive, that's what. Never mind, you can stay with us.
113) 15) dialog: As long as that? Well, all right. Why not? It's nearly summer. Let the nippers run wild.
113) 23) text: BILL studies GRANDFATHER GEORGE's sculling technique.
113) 25) dialog: Put your hand on mine, get the knack of it.
113) 27) dialog: I shall teach you the ways of the river. Another year in that awful suburb and you would be past saving. Look, they're coming this way! The future on the march. I curse you, Volt, Watt and Amp.
113) 28) text: Looming over GRANDFATHER GEORGE's bungalow is a newly constructed electric pylon.
117) 0) text: The room lets out, through open French windows, on to a b garden sown with vegetables for some yards and then givin way to orchard and pasture. The morning sun streams in. GRANDFATHER GEORGE sits at ne end facing the garden. GRAC SUE, GRANDMA and DAWN flank him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE  is n the best in the morning. He glares at BILL as he enters a slips quietly into his seat.
117) 4) dialog: Nettle soup, like we did in the Great War. Very nourishing. Bill and I will catch fish. The river fowl will be laying eggs soon. We'll hunt, We'll forage. We'll overcome.
117) 6) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE holds up a warming hand.
117) 7) dialog: Keep still! Nobody move!
117) 9) dialog: (dramatic whisper) Mother!! Fetch my gun.
117) 12) dialog: Never let a rat creep up on you.
117) 14) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gives him a searching look, but BILL i all innocence. DAWN stifles a giggle. GRACE sees what goe and suppresses a smile herself. BILL suddenly coughs and splutters to hid his laughter. DAWN goes red in the face, tears come to her eyes and her shoulders shake. SUE suddenly tinkles with innocent mirth the suppressed laughter bursts out of them all. They roar gasp and shudder and cannot stop. GRANDMA, quiet perplexe smiles, happy to see them all so happy. GRANDFATHER GEORG eyes blazing with anger, glares at them disdainfully, but dam has burst and, fear him as they do, the laughter pour out unabated and their eyes are filled with tears.
118) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE  poles the punt up the river. GRACE,  GRANDMA and SUE lounge in the cushions. BILL stands along the old man, learning the way of it.
118) 1) dialog: Up, two, three. Throw the pole forward, let it slide through your fingers.  Don't push until it hits the bottom.
118) 3) dialog: Now check that spinner.
118) 7) dialog: (raises his cap to them) Good day, ma,am. Greetings Edward.
118) 11) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE entrusts the pole to BILL. He struggle with the technique, does quite well. The the pole sticks deep mud. He cannot extricate it.
118) 12) dialog: Let it go. Let it go.
118) 14) dialog: Stay put. Hang on.
118) 15) text: He takes a paddle and drives the boat back to where BILL stranded. The pole starts to topple in a small arc. GRANDFATHER GEORGE renews his efforts and BILL is able to step neatly on to the rear decking. The old an eases the from the mud.
118) 16) dialog: Now there's a lesson for life. Never give up the punt for the pole.
119) 0) text: Tea is being laid on the lawn by GRANDMA, GRACE and DAWN; GRANDFATHER GEORGE reclines in the faded swing-seat. BILL ferries FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY (his three aunts) to the island in the dingy. He rear-sculls with some difficulty, well enough. GRANDFATHER GEORGE examines his daughters wi binoculars as they 'ooh' and 'aah' greetings on their approach. They disembark and there is much hugging and kissing. They have all brought clothing for the family an dresses and blouses are held up, examined and admired. The daughters clearly disapprove of GRANDFATHER GEORGE an only offer perfunctory kisses, HOPE ignoring him complete SUE is held up and passed from hand to hand as though she were a frock herself. They take it in turns to shout clarification to their mother. They flutter around DAWN, is now showing her pregnancy.
119) 7) dialog: All hens and no cocks. Too many women in the family. They're a different species from us, Bill. Love them, but don't try to understand them. That road leads to ruin. Let's make a nuisance of ourselves.
119) 9) dialog: You look frustrated, Hope. That husband of yours still can't rise to the occasion?
119) 10) text: HOPE flares up, but bites her tongue and turns away. GRANDFATHER GEORGE turns to BILL, confidingly.
119) 11) dialog: I won't have the husbands here. All four married duds, including your mother.
119) 14) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE continues his advice to BILL.
119) 15) dialog: They'll tame you if they can, cage you and feed you tidbits. Better retreat to prepared positions.
119) 17) dialog: Bags I bat first.
119) 18) text: He takes guard against the trunk of an old apple tree. BI twists his fingers around the ball and bowls a spinner to GRANDFATHER GEORGE who waits for it to break, then plays back. The next ball breaks the other way and clean bowls GRANDFATHER GEORGE looks back at BILL with astonishment.
119) 19) dialog: That was a googly!
119) 21) dialog: You're a dark horse, bowling googlies at your age. Toss me up another.
119) 23) text: With ill grace, GRANDFATHER GEORGE surrenders the bat and offers a harmless arthritic delivery which BILL thumps in the gooseberry bushes. GRANDFATHER GEORGE curses and pric his fingers as he tries to retrieves the ball. He looks u irritably at the sounds of laughter from his daughters. H snarls in their direction.
119) 24) dialog: Want to know why they're called Faith, Hope, Grace and Charity?
119) 26) dialog: Your grandmother. She named them after virtues I lack. That's marriage for you.
119) 27) text: He bowls again. BILL hammers it away. GRANDFATHER GEORGE glares at him, trembling with fury.
119) 29) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gets himself under control and trots o to find the ball.
121) 1) dialog: Where's the fish? No fish, no supper. Be off with you and don't come back empty handed.
121) 2) text: He gives the boat a shove with his stick and turns back t the house. SUE looks weepy. BILL mouths some of his repertoire of swear words. From the dormer window, DAWN witnesses their humiliation. She laughs and waves. As GRANDFATHER GEORGE turns back to the house, she ducks out sight.
123) 1) dialog: This is going too far, young man.
123) 3) dialog: I concede I was insistent, but how the Devil...
123) 9) dialog: Well,lad. So it's miracles now, is it?
123) 12) dialog: I have no friends, only relations.
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
127) 1) dialog: What can you do with four daughters, I asked myself, A string quartet was all I could come up with. They hated me for making them learn.
127) 20) dialog: Since you are shortly to join our ranks, I throw down the gauntlet. A cricket match. You and Mac against Bill and me. Back garden.
127) 23) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE waves his objection aside.
128) 1) dialog: We're putting you in to bat.
128) 4) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE hands the ball back to BILL and nudges him.
128) 5) dialog: (whispering) Give him the you-know-what.
128) 9) text: MAC takes guard. BILL Bowls. He plays forward, smothering spin. Still no run. The next ball is pitched short. MAC p back, waits for the ball to break in from the leg which i does more sharply than he expects. He just manages to dig out. The next is the googly. MAC does not spot it. It cut from the off and clean bowls him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE cack triumphantly.
128) 10) dialog: Googly. You didn't spot it either.
128) 12) dialog: The law of life. Cruel, isn't it?
128) 14) dialog: This boy will make his way in the world.
128) 15) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE slaps BILL on the back with such enthusiasm that he sends the boy sprawling. CLIVE catches him, holds him close and whispers in his ear.
135) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE drives his old Armstrong Siddeley Sapp along the river towpath. Beside him sits a very morose BI wearing  a school cap, with a satchel, gasmask, and a suitcase on his lap. GRANDFATHER GEORGE adjusts the advance/retard lever and glares at the sullen boy.
135) 1) dialog: You miserable little tripe-hound. I'm the one who should be fed up, sacrificing my last sup of black market petrol to take you to school.
135) 3) dialog: Only till they get you into the local school.
135) 5) dialog: You'll be at home for the weekends. Now shut up, or walk.
135) 7) dialog: Strapping fellows playing silly buggers with a war on. Outrageous.
136) 0) text: The car draws up outside the school entrance. A grim wall surrounds the institution and BILL gets out, head hung lo and walks towards the gate as though to the gallows. GRANDFATHER GEORGE watches from the car. He grips the steering wheel angrily. A teacher strides past. GRANDFATH GEORGE shouts after him out of the window.
136) 1) dialog: All you do is knock the sense out of them and fill them up with muck.
138) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE is awkwardly turning the car in the ro He drives off. BILL runs flat out and comes up to the win shouting.
138) 2) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE slows up.
138) 3) dialog: I have to hand it to you, Bill, you come up with some good ones. Go back and take your medicine.
138) 6) dialog: You're much more convincing when you're making it up.
138) 9) dialog: Apparently so.
139) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE's laugh, and BILL's too, ring out over autumn river which beckons to BILL with the promise of st days.