5) 3) dialog: Is it peace in out time?
5) 5) dialog: Or what?
13) 0) text: MOLLY and GRACE and GRANDMA have 'gin and its', the men brown ale. They are in high spirits. SUE is doing a puzzl on the floor. MOLLY shouts into GRANDMA'S ear.
15) 0) text: The meal has been eaten. They are animated again, but mor reflective, DAWN is winding wool with GRANDMA. BILL and S have also left the table. BILL is looking at the Sam Browne, now slung over the armchair, with its tangy smell of deep polish like shiny milk chocolate, a mysterious ic of war. The conversation at the table drifts over to him.
15) 12) text: GRANDMA watches DAWN'S moving lips and strains to hear.
15) 13) dialog: I can't hear you.
27) 0) text: BILL winces as he and SUE are passed from hand to hand, hugged and kissed by many female members of the family - DAWN, GRANDMA and GRACE'S three sisters, FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY. MOLLY is on hand with MAC, the only male. On the table are the remains of the farewell party, an iced cake balloons, gaudy wrapping paper. Encouraging cries fly about. "Aren't you lucky?" "Isn't it exciting?" "I wish I could hide in your suitcase." From the smothering embrace BILL casts a pleading look to MAC who reaches out and hau him from the women.
116) 5) dialog: Breakfast, all!
117) 0) text: The room lets out, through open French windows, on to a b garden sown with vegetables for some yards and then givin way to orchard and pasture. The morning sun streams in. GRANDFATHER GEORGE sits at ne end facing the garden. GRAC SUE, GRANDMA and DAWN flank him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE  is n the best in the morning. He glares at BILL as he enters a slips quietly into his seat.
117) 1) dialog: Did they say how long it would take to get new ration books, Grace?
117) 3) dialog: How are we going to cope?
117) 5) dialog: What about tea and sugar. Clever Dick?
117) 10) dialog: What's that, dear?
117) 11) text: He points urgently at where the gun stands against the wa GRANDMA creeps on tiptoe over to the gun and hands it to resuming her place without making a sound. He raises the shotgun, aiming along the length of the table. The childr are statues, only their eyes darting from him to the rat back. The barrel is inches from their faces. He fires. Th jump. Smoke fills the room, He curses under his breath, a the rat escapes. He puts down the gun and readdresses his boiled egg, as an afterthought, he turns to BILL.
117) 14) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gives him a searching look, but BILL i all innocence. DAWN stifles a giggle. GRACE sees what goe and suppresses a smile herself. BILL suddenly coughs and splutters to hid his laughter. DAWN goes red in the face, tears come to her eyes and her shoulders shake. SUE suddenly tinkles with innocent mirth the suppressed laughter bursts out of them all. They roar gasp and shudder and cannot stop. GRANDMA, quiet perplexe smiles, happy to see them all so happy. GRANDFATHER GEORG eyes blazing with anger, glares at them disdainfully, but dam has burst and, fear him as they do, the laughter pour out unabated and their eyes are filled with tears.
118) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE  poles the punt up the river. GRACE,  GRANDMA and SUE lounge in the cushions. BILL stands along the old man, learning the way of it.
118) 9) dialog: ...such nice boys with straw boaters and blazers. All the punts lit up with Chinese lanterns. Like fireflies. And the gramophone going on one of the boats. Always the Charleston, the Charleston, the Charleston. Oh, you girls.
119) 0) text: Tea is being laid on the lawn by GRANDMA, GRACE and DAWN; GRANDFATHER GEORGE reclines in the faded swing-seat. BILL ferries FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY (his three aunts) to the island in the dingy. He rear-sculls with some difficulty, well enough. GRANDFATHER GEORGE examines his daughters wi binoculars as they 'ooh' and 'aah' greetings on their approach. They disembark and there is much hugging and kissing. They have all brought clothing for the family an dresses and blouses are held up, examined and admired. The daughters clearly disapprove of GRANDFATHER GEORGE an only offer perfunctory kisses, HOPE ignoring him complete SUE is held up and passed from hand to hand as though she were a frock herself. They take it in turns to shout clarification to their mother. They flutter around DAWN, is now showing her pregnancy.
123) 8) dialog: It's like feeding of the five thousand. It's a miracle.