39) 0) text: BILL and SUE are late. They run into the yard where the other children are already lining up in their respective classes. The HEADMASTER is a wizened Welshman, too old fo military service. He struts up and down.
39) 1) dialog: Dressing from the right!
39) 3) dialog: Late! My study before prayers.
39) 5) dialog: Eyes front! Keep still down there, you little ones. It's discipline that wins wars.
39) 7) dialog: Now quick march. Left... right... left... right. Swing those arms.
41) 1) dialog: Oh God, bring destruction to our enemies. Make these young one's true soldiers of the Lord. Guide Mr. Churchill's hand in the cunning war.
41) 2) text: Some of the boy's covertly swap pieces of shrapnel and cigarette cards as the HEADMASTER'S tirade grows in passion, but BILL is mesmerized and fearful of this daily rhetoric. He blows on his hands, shakes them to alleviate the pain inflicted by the caning.
41) 3) dialog: Let our righteous shells smite down the Messerschmitts and the Fokkers.
43) 1) dialog: Lord, send troublesome dreams to Herr Hitler. Let him not sleep the sleep of the innocent. And comfort our warriors at the fronts. Brighten their swords, burnish their bullets with your fire.
45) 0) text: The HEADMASTER reaches a climatic peak, then is silent, head sinking to his chest. He continues, very quietly.
45) 1) dialog: We beseech Thee, Oh Lord, to have mercy on these Thy children.
47) 1) dialog: We dedicate our studies this day to the war effort.
50) 0) text: The children file in mostly, laughing and chatting. There are clattering duckboards on the ground affording cover from an inch or two of water. Along each side of the shelters are narrow benches. The children sit facing each other. The HEADMASTER'S steel-studded boots hammer noisil down the steps. He raises his arm high.
50) 1) dialog: Gasmasks on!
50) 2) text: They open up their cases and pull on their masks. The HEADMASTER conducts their breathing,. Moving his arms up and down to indicate a rhythm.
50) 3) dialog: Slowly... in... out...don't panic... in... out...
50) 5) dialog: In... out... These masks are given to us to filter away abominations of the enemy.
50) 7) dialog: Now, nine times table. One times nine is nine...
50) 8) text: The  children's muffled voices chant the multiplication table rubbery GURGLING SOUNDS merge from the gasmasks. Hidden behind his mask, BILL finally gives was to angry tears. He sticks out his tongue as the HEADMASTER passes by.
50) 9) dialog: Two times nine is eighteen...