10) 5) text: CLIVE and MAC peer in to see the boy splashing up and dow water over his ankles. He clutches his submerged foot in mock agony.
10) 8) dialog: Could you seal it over with hot pitch, Clive? Caulk it like the hull of a ship.
13) 2) text: GRACE fills MAC'S glass in a tender gesture. A look passe between them. MOLLY is a friend and wife, they love and suffer in common. DAWN appears, wearing a defiant slash o lipstick.
15) 1) dialog: ...It was a toss-up. His company went to India, mine went to France. Flip of a coin.
15) 3) dialog: ....buried In a shell-hole for thee days, while he's out there playing polo and sticking pigs.
15) 5) dialog: How many of our class left? You and me out of twenty-eight.
15) 7) dialog: What's left of him. He'll never see outside of the Star and Garter.
15) 24) dialog: It's not like when you're in it. Just young boys spilling their guts in the mud.
15) 27) dialog: Most of them were very decent to me.
15) 30) dialog: A bit.
15) 33) dialog: In den ganzen Welt die meisten Leute sind dumm.
16) 0) text: Later. The two men are in post-prandial sleep in the armchairs on either side of the fire. Sounds of washing u and women's voices come from the kitchen. BILL walks up very close and examines the two warriors from the Great War, or the First Wold War, as it was now coming to be known. Their mouths are open, slack. His father's false teeth click up and down as he breathes. MAC shifts his backside in his sleep to let a fart up from the side of t leatherette armchair. BILL looks at CLIVE's mottled skin, the stubble, the sagging epidermis around the eyes. He go to the mantelpiece and takes down a silver-framed picture of his father as a baby-faced second lieutenant wearing that same Sam Browne. BILL holds the picture next to his father's snoring face. Once again, a new bulletin begins the ever-playing wireless.
19) 0) text: MAC and MOLLY are leaving, as CLIVE and GRACE help them o with their coats. They have had a few more drinks, and ar making sentimental farewells.
19) 2) dialog: Got some wires crossed. Only weeps when she's happy.
19) 4) text: MAC embarrasses her.
19) 5) dialog: Now, now Grace.
19) 7) dialog: Root it out Clive... the thought of it, before it takes hold.
19) 9) dialog: Consider Grace, the kids. I love them like my own. And you.
19) 16) dialog: You're a mug, Clive. We did our bit in the Last Lot.
19) 18) text: MAC'S face goes white with anger.
19) 19) dialog: What did we know? We were seventeen.
19) 21) text: MAC wants to hit him. He turns away, trembling.
19) 22) dialog: Go the Hell.
27) 0) text: BILL winces as he and SUE are passed from hand to hand, hugged and kissed by many female members of the family - DAWN, GRANDMA and GRACE'S three sisters, FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY. MOLLY is on hand with MAC, the only male. On the table are the remains of the farewell party, an iced cake balloons, gaudy wrapping paper. Encouraging cries fly about. "Aren't you lucky?" "Isn't it exciting?" "I wish I could hide in your suitcase." From the smothering embrace BILL casts a pleading look to MAC who reaches out and hau him from the women.
27) 1) dialog: You survived that. The war should be no problem.
27) 4) text: She leads the children out MAC follows, carrying two suitcases.
28) 0) text: MAC and GRACE lead BILL and SUE into the concourse where hundreds of children are assembled, each wearing an identification label. The noise is overwhelming. The organizers shout into megaphones. One buy has fainted and is put on a stretcher by St. Johns Ambulance men and, to get through the crowd, they hold the stretcher above thei heads. The boy recovers, sits up and waves to his friends The parents throng behind the barrier and they follow him WOMEN'S VOLUNTARY SERVICE (W.V.S) Volunteers stand by.
28) 6) text: They are sucked into the enclosure and quickly disappear among the throng of refugee children. GRACE tries to foll with her eyes, searching for them hungrily. They disappea MAC flinches at the pain he sees in her face. She lunges forward, and tries to push through the barrier.
28) 8) dialog: It's just the wrench, Grace. It's for their sake.
28) 14) text: The W.V.S. WOMAN and an ARP MAN are forcibly holding her. MAC cannot bear to watch her pain. He leaps over the barrier, grans SUE and BILL and hoists them out of the pe BILL is acutely embarrassed at the scene his mother is making. He struggles to get free of MAC.
28) 16) text: MAC swings them over to GRACE. She snatches up SUE and hu her. Over the child's shoulder her eye is drawn to a post depicting a ghostly Hitler hovering over a mother and her children. He whispers in her ear "Take them back".
28) 20) dialog: Grace!
73) 0) text: BILL and SUE enter, bursting with their news. GRACE'S sister, HOPE, has come to help and so have MOLLY and MAC, and a Neighbour, MRS. EVANS, on whom DAWN wished a bomb. GRACE'S arm is bandaged, MAC is scoring panes of glass wi a diamond cutter. He has a dollop of putty. BILL is immediately distracted and cannot resist kneading the putty. DAWN brings in a tray of tea. They are all in high spirits, almost festive. SUE tugs at her mother's skirt.
73) 14) dialog: Play something, Grace.
73) 25) text: MAC goes over to GRACE. He picks up some sheet music from pile scattered on the floor. He selects a piece and props it on the music stand.
73) 26) dialog: Try and few bars of old Fred, Grace.
85) 17) text: DAWN comes through the kitchen with MAC and MOLLY, who fi the Rohans in good spirits. There are arm greetings all round.
86) 0) text: BILL is giving his father and MAC a tour of the bomb dama He picks his way expertly through the rubble, and they clamber after him.
86) 2) dialog: Did you? You thought you did. We've been gypsed, all our lives. Look at your street.
86) 5) dialog: Rosehill Avenue. No roses. No hill. And it's certainly not an avenue.
86) 7) dialog: You need trees for an avenue.
86) 9) dialog: Propaganda. We've been had.
86) 12) dialog: Never done better. On the fiddle. Like everyone else.
86) 14) dialog: Naturally.
86) 16) dialog: There is all right. This Hitter fellow. We've got to winkle him out. And get shot of some of our lot at the same time.
86) 19) text: BILL has come up behind them and watches covertly. MAC cl CLIVE in his arms.
86) 20) dialog: You always were, Clive. Steady the Buffs.
86) 30) dialog: I will if you will!
88) 0) text: BILL and SUE each have a torch, which serve as a searchli BILL smokes a woodbine and he blows the smoke around the suspended model aircraft. Spitfires, Hurricanes, Messerschmitts, Heinkels are picke out in turn. As they appear,BILL simulates their engine noise. With considerable dexterity, he uses his free hand fire his ack-ack guns, and papier-mache pellets, pre-soak in ink, fly through the air. BILL animates a distressed p plummeting to earth. His triumph is interrupted by a TAP the window. Expertly he dogs his Woodbine then goes to th window. He opens it and DAWN steps through. He is about t close it after her when BRUCE'S face appears. BILL lets f an ink pellet catching BRUCE square on the forehead. DAWN holds up a threatening hand and the children shrink back BRUCE clambers in. The two of them tiptoe into the next bedroom, DAWN throwing a warning glance over her shoulder
95) 2) dialog: ...since I used to take you to the Proms?
95) 4) text: Their eyes meet. The audience is drowning in it own appla Everyone is crying, or laughing, or both. GRACE and MAC a them. In the emotional tumult they reveal more than they intend. The audience falls silent. BILL'S gaze drifts to wall where huge paintings by special war artists hang. GR tears her eyes away from MAC. She senses BILL watching he and turns her attention to Dame Myra's fingers flying ove the keys.
98) 2) text: MAC and the others mumble agreement.
100) 0) text: A charade is in progress. CLIVE and MAC are got up as prostitutes, wearing their wives'  clothes. GRACE and MOL are dressed as men. There is a lot of salacious flirting an argument breaks out over the price of whores. MOLLY sa the word 'tart' emphatically and BILL jumps out of his se yelling:
102) 0) text: DAWN buries her head in a cushion, crying and wailing. On MAC and MOLLY of the guests remain, and they are playing cards with CLIVE and GRACE. GRACE goes to comfort DAWN.
106) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE are finishing a frugal picnic on beach. They are muffled up against the nip of early sprin The sand is criss-crossed with pointed iron spikes and co of barbed wire. Curt signs warn against mines and other hazards. BILL and SUE start to play happily and messily i the sand. In the distance, they hear MUFFLED, deep-throat EXPLOSIONS.
106) 2) dialog: Big Berthas, shelling France. Twenty-five-mile range, they have.
106) 4) dialog: They send over a few every day, to let them know we're still here. Each shell costs as much as a Ford 8.
106) 6) dialog: We will, you will, for the rest of our lives?
106) 9) dialog: Happy days. (watches Bill's efforts with the ball) When you're bigger, Bill, I'll teach you the googly.
106) 14) text: MAC and the children join in. BILL practices his spin, fi and wrist.
108) 0) text: Moonlight flickers intermittently into the compartment, lending a jerky, monochrome quality to the scene. SUE sle thumb in mouth. BILL dozes in the corner of the compartme GRACE and MAC sit side by side.
108) 2) dialog: A Polish pilot. It's like one of those jokes on the wireless.
108) 6) dialog: She said, 'I know you love me, Mac, but you've never loved me enough.'
108) 8) text: BILL stirs and fidgets, half hearing, squinting through drooping lids. MAC and GRACE lower their voices further whispering.
108) 9) dialog: It's all better left unsaid, Grace.
108) 11) dialog: Clive had a job. I didn't. I couldn't.
108) 14) dialog: We did the decent thing.
108) 16) dialog: We can't change what's past. Not even the war can do that.
108) 20) text: In the pale half-light, they seem young and innocent. He takes her hand. They almost kiss. But for children, they would. Finally, MAC turns away and looks out at the dark, heavy shapes of the approaching city.
109) 0) text: As GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE turn into the avenue, they se house burning. It is theirs. When they get closer, they s it is gutted and the roof has collapsed. The firemen have hoses trained on it, but it is too hot to get into the fr door. GRACE'S first thought is for her Daughter.
109) 10) text: MAC is shattered. He puts an arm round GRACE. She throws a look, haunted with guilt, and she moves away to console children, who watch the blaze impassively.
109) 14) text: She makes a wild dash at the house, but MAC and the neighbours restain her. BILL remains next to the FIRECHIE
110) 0) text: Mac's car drives up to the charred ruins of the house. GR and the children get out. ROGER and his gang are already looting. BILL charges ROGER and punches him in the face. fall and roll in the wet ashes. The bigger boy is so take aback by BILL'S ferocity that he cannot gain an advantage MAC stops GRACE from interfering, understanding the boy's need. PAULINE has appeared and smiles knowingly as she watches. Other children gather. ROGER picks himself up and the gan beats a retreat.
111) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, DAWN and SUE join BILL in the house and scrat among the debris to see what can be salvaged.
112) 2) text: It is open at the picture of the two families at the very beach they visited yesterday. It is burned around the edg only MOLLY and CLIVE are unscathed and they smile happily GRACE and MAC look at it then at each other. It feeds the guilt. The neighbours gather and awkwardly try to express their sympathy. MRS. EVANS arrives with some clothes.
113) 0) text: Carrying GRACE and the three children, MAC's car draws up the towpath facing an island on which is a number of wood bungalows with verandas decorated in fretted scroll work. Neat lawns slope down to the river's edge where varnished punts and skiffs like sleekly tethered. GRANDFATHER GEORG has spotted them and he rear-sculls his dinghy across the water to fetch them.
113) 2) text: GRANDMOTHER comes down from the bungalow to the edge of t river and waves encouragingly. BILL is captivated by the river. Moorhens thread through the tendrils of weeping willow. As electric slip launch is moored where they wait strokes its glassy varnish. MAC unloads the boot of the c
113) 3) dialog: Another world, eh Billy? And not twenty miles from Picadilly.
113) 10) text: It's only a house, and a ghastly one at that. They should be burned and bombed and the builder hanged. MAC and GRANDFATHER GEORGE load the family's few possessi on the boat.
113) 16) text: The children have got into the boat. GRACE turns to MAC a kisses him awkwardly.
113) 18) dialog: (ruefully) You might still have a house.
113) 20) dialog: Look after yourself, Grace.
116) 2) text: With some reluctance, BILL puts an ear to her stomach. Hi cold wet hair gives her a shock. She slaps him.
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
126) 3) text: CLIVE shakes MAC's hand warmly.
126) 4) dialog: So you're going to be a grandfather.
126) 6) dialog: Don't bother to grow up. It's no fun at all.
127) 5) dialog: And absent bridegrooms!
127) 14) text: He tips his glass at MAC, who squirms a little. The drink made CLIVE sound excessively sincere and sentimental, so so that if he were sober, it might seem like irony.
127) 24) dialog: (to Clive, an aside) It's an olive branch. Take it. It's the best he can do.
128) 2) text: He hands CLIVE the bat, and flips the ball to BILL with a broad wink. CLIVE takes guard against the apple tree, whi is now heavy with fruit. BILL bowls. The ball turns, beat the bat. MAC pats down the grass where the ball bounced.
128) 7) text: BILL delivers his googly. It bamboozles is father who pop caught and bowled. CLIVE is startled. As MAC takes the ba CLIVE offers a warning.
128) 9) text: MAC takes guard. BILL Bowls. He plays forward, smothering spin. Still no run. The next ball is pitched short. MAC p back, waits for the ball to break in from the leg which i does more sharply than he expects. He just manages to dig out. The next is the googly. MAC does not spot it. It cut from the off and clean bowls him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE cack triumphantly.
128) 13) dialog: The wicked old bugger.
130) 2) text: MAC joins CLIVE and they run to the boat and fumble awkwa with the oars.