10) 11) dialog: It's not fair on them. It's selfish to keep them with you.
10) 13) text: BILL sits on the steps at the half-open kitchen door and wrings the water from his socks. SUE comes in and GRACE signals MOLLY to be circumspect, but she blunders on.
10) 14) dialog: Snap it up. Great chance for them. Lot more future out there.
10) 17) dialog: Kids don't care. You're thinking of yourself.
10) 18) text: GRACE turns away. Fighting back tears. MOLLY impulsively takes GRACE in her arms.
10) 19) dialog: I didn't mean it like that, Grace. Why does it always come out wrong?
10) 21) text: MOLLY laughs and holds her at arms length.
10) 22) dialog: There you go again. You're so bloody nice. I want to shake you.
10) 25) text: MOLLY looks at her, surprised.
10) 26) dialog: Now you're talking.
13) 0) text: MOLLY and GRACE and GRANDMA have 'gin and its', the men brown ale. They are in high spirits. SUE is doing a puzzl on the floor. MOLLY shouts into GRANDMA'S ear.
13) 1) dialog: Few bombs might wake up this country.
13) 2) text: GRACE fills MAC'S glass in a tender gesture. A look passe between them. MOLLY is a friend and wife, they love and suffer in common. DAWN appears, wearing a defiant slash o lipstick.
15) 14) dialog: And where were the Turks?
15) 19) dialog: Saw Clive coming.
15) 28) dialog: I wish you wouldn't go saying that. You'll get into trouble.
15) 32) dialog: Certainly not!
15) 34) dialog: Not so loud!
16) 9) text: GRACE and MOLLY appear at the door, alarmed. The men slee on.
19) 0) text: MAC and MOLLY are leaving, as CLIVE and GRACE help them o with their coats. They have had a few more drinks, and ar making sentimental farewells.
19) 1) dialog: Bloody gin. Always makes me cry.
19) 11) text: As he mentions the children Molly wails anew.
19) 12) dialog: Why couldn't I have the kids? Is he sitting up there... saying... "Grace, yes; Molly, no?"
19) 23) text: He puts an arm about MOLLY and plunges into the blacked-o dark-winter-night. As GRACE turns back, she glimpses the children on the landing above.
27) 0) text: BILL winces as he and SUE are passed from hand to hand, hugged and kissed by many female members of the family - DAWN, GRANDMA and GRACE'S three sisters, FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY. MOLLY is on hand with MAC, the only male. On the table are the remains of the farewell party, an iced cake balloons, gaudy wrapping paper. Encouraging cries fly about. "Aren't you lucky?" "Isn't it exciting?" "I wish I could hide in your suitcase." From the smothering embrace BILL casts a pleading look to MAC who reaches out and hau him from the women.
73) 0) text: BILL and SUE enter, bursting with their news. GRACE'S sister, HOPE, has come to help and so have MOLLY and MAC, and a Neighbour, MRS. EVANS, on whom DAWN wished a bomb. GRACE'S arm is bandaged, MAC is scoring panes of glass wi a diamond cutter. He has a dollop of putty. BILL is immediately distracted and cannot resist kneading the putty. DAWN brings in a tray of tea. They are all in high spirits, almost festive. SUE tugs at her mother's skirt.
73) 3) dialog: You're lucky up here. The East End's been burning for three nights. Incendiaries.
73) 15) dialog: We never used to sing much before the war, did we? Not in daytime anyway.
73) 18) dialog: That's the war for you. Quick, quick, quick.
85) 17) text: DAWN comes through the kitchen with MAC and MOLLY, who fi the Rohans in good spirits. There are arm greetings all round.
86) 22) text: Cries and shouts come from the street. BILL swings across crater on a dangling electric cable and scrambles into th road. There is panic and pandemonium. The local barrage balloon's fins have punctured and it has lost stability. is careering wildly like a kite out of control. CLIVE and clamber into the street as the balloon skims across the s its steel cable shearing a chimney stack which tumbles do onto the front garden sending people scattering in all directions. BILL runs up,  mad with excitement, as SUE an DAWN come out of the house with GRACE and MOLLY and look CLIVE sprints across to them.
86) 25) dialog: It's having a nervous breakdown.
87) 0) text: A make-do-and-mend session, where clothes are exchanged, repaired, altered and cut down. It is swarming with women children. MOLLY and GRACE rummage among the racks of clothing. SUE and BILL, bored and resigned, are obliged t try on items of used clothing.
87) 1) dialog: God, how I hate all this scrimping and squalor.
87) 4) dialog: I don't know how you cope, Grace. Three kids, army pay. On your own.
87) 6) text: MOLLY pulls of her dress and suddenly, inches from BILL'S face, are those mysterious few inches of white suspendere leg between the stocking-tops and the camiknickers.
87) 7) dialog: I love a man in bed, the smell of him, the hairiness rubbing against you, the weight of him. And when they do it to you in the middle of the night and you don't know if you're dreaming or it's really happening to you. That's the best. No guilty feelings. Not that I should have any, wide awake.
87) 8) text: MOLLY pulls on a flowered silk dress that clings to her figure. She smooths it out.
87) 10) dialog: Well! I'm not talking about Mac. He hasn't toughed me for ages. And not often ever. My life started when Mac went on nights.
87) 13) dialog: Am I? Maybe I am.
87) 15) dialog: Tipsy, topsy, turvy.
100) 0) text: A charade is in progress. CLIVE and MAC are got up as prostitutes, wearing their wives'  clothes. GRACE and MOL are dressed as men. There is a lot of salacious flirting an argument breaks out over the price of whores. MOLLY sa the word 'tart' emphatically and BILL jumps out of his se yelling:
100) 13) text: raises his glass again My girls Dead you may be, or old and withered. But while live, I will do you honour to the last. Bless all of you. He drinks and slumps down into his chair, overcome with melancholy. Only MOLLY applauds and only DAWN looks sympathetic. BILL taps his grandfather's knee.
102) 0) text: DAWN buries her head in a cushion, crying and wailing. On MAC and MOLLY of the guests remain, and they are playing cards with CLIVE and GRACE. GRACE goes to comfort DAWN.
112) 2) text: It is open at the picture of the two families at the very beach they visited yesterday. It is burned around the edg only MOLLY and CLIVE are unscathed and they smile happily GRACE and MAC look at it then at each other. It feeds the guilt. The neighbours gather and awkwardly try to express their sympathy. MRS. EVANS arrives with some clothes.
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
126) 0) text: The bridal pair come out and the VICAR, considerably embarrassed, makes his excuses and backs away. A picture taken. The REDCAPS seize BRUCE by each arm. DAWN clings t him, a last kiss, and he is borne away. They all stand at church doors waving to him as he is driven away in a jeep There is some dutiful sniffing from the women, but since seems quite happy, there is no need for sympathetic tears GRACE impulsively hugs MOLLY.
126) 2) dialog: Happy as can be. In the old groove.
127) 16) text: He points his glass at MOLLY and GRACE and waves it at th sisters and DAWN.
127) 18) text: He laughs, and the others join in, an awkward moment. GRA and MOLLY catch each others eye.