72) 7) text: He points over at the ruined house, and sure enough there is PAULINE, a girl of twelve. From time to time, a silicosis NEIGHBOUR goes over to her, offering help, but PAULINE shakes her head and looks away. She just's stands there as though her mother has told her to wait on that spot and not to talk to any strangers until she got back. The children drift across towards her and stop a few feet away. They stare intently, studying her face.
72) 9) text: PAULINE nods affirmatively. A BOY throws a miniature parachute into the air. It opens up and drops neatly at PAULINE'S feet.
72) 11) text: He jabs BILL in the ribs, finding a physical vent for his excitement. BILL lashes back at him with a violent anger that scares and quells the other boy. The group falls silent. PAULINE steals glances at them out of the corner of her eye. She is not a popular girl, careful and self-consciou and she cannot help enjoying this situation. She flushes.
72) 13) text: PAULINE shakes her head. The children move away from her and start to fool around, scrapping and laughing, but whe they get back within a certain distance of PAULINE, they grow quiet and move away again. BILL nudges SUE.
72) 19) text: PAULINE does not deign to answer the little girl.
72) 21) text: She has fragments in her hand. She offers then to PAULINE It is possibly part of the bomb that killed her mother. PAULINE shakes her head.
72) 23) text: PAULINE shakes her head again. SUE goes back to BILL who has been watching carefully at a distance. After a moment they turn back and walk home. ROGER sees another newcomer approaching. He calls out.
78) 0) text: The gang's H.Q. is even further improved. They have put i some expensive furniture. They have a wireless and a cocktail bar that opens to rev a nest of mirrors reflecting the bottles within. The gang fool's around, in and out of the room, smoking and drinki beer. A girl walks past, throwing them a flirtatious look is PAULINE the girl who lost her mother in an air-raid. T whistle and shout at her.
78) 5) dialog: No, I won't. There's too many of you.
78) 7) dialog: No, I won't.
78) 9) text: He gets a box, opens it and shows it her. It is full of looted jewelry, brooches, cheap bracelets. PAULINE is delighted. She pokes around and chooses a necklace, puts on.
78) 10) dialog: All right. Line up.
78) 11) text: They form a n orderly queue and PAULINE pulls up her skir She holds her knickers open by the elastic so that it is possible to look inside. The boys file past, each peering inside her knickers for a second or two.
78) 14) dialog: It won't bite you.
110) 0) text: Mac's car drives up to the charred ruins of the house. GR and the children get out. ROGER and his gang are already looting. BILL charges ROGER and punches him in the face. fall and roll in the wet ashes. The bigger boy is so take aback by BILL'S ferocity that he cannot gain an advantage MAC stops GRACE from interfering, understanding the boy's need. PAULINE has appeared and smiles knowingly as she watches. Other children gather. ROGER picks himself up and the gan beats a retreat.
112) 5) text: BILL is acutely embarrassed. He catches PAULINE'S smirkin look. He fights to hold back the tears, but finally fails