3) 2) text: The boy catches his mother's eye. She smiles en embarrass smile. The boy is embarrassed by her embarrassment. His father's glassy solemnity angers him. In the garden, SUE sings.
3) 3) dialog: (singing) Flat foot floogie with a Floy Floy.
4) 2) text: They run out. GRACE sweeps little SUE into her arms, buri her face in her bosom and rushing back into the shelter o the house. DAWN and CLIVE scan the sky for planes, There are none.
5) 0) text: Father is white with rage. He seizes them, one in each hand. Mother cowers with SUE.
8) 3) dialog: (singing) Flat Foot Floogie with a Floy Floy.
10) 13) text: BILL sits on the steps at the half-open kitchen door and wrings the water from his socks. SUE comes in and GRACE signals MOLLY to be circumspect, but she blunders on.
10) 15) text: BILL listens, talking it all in. GRACE Watches little SUE waddle out carrying planes.
10) 27) text: SUE listening to this, sees BILL on the steps and gives h a questioning look. He shrugs, trying to conceal his anxiety from his sister.
13) 0) text: MOLLY and GRACE and GRANDMA have 'gin and its', the men brown ale. They are in high spirits. SUE is doing a puzzl on the floor. MOLLY shouts into GRANDMA'S ear.
13) 10) text: He raises his arm slowly and languidly until his limp han just brushes his temple. A faraway look in his eyes disdains any acknowledgement of the insulting salute. A tiny skirmish in the class war. BILL and SUE swing on the leather straps of the Sam Brown They want him to stop. They sense something dangerous, alien, their father in an unfamiliar role, another person The wireless has been on all this time, playing music and now come the chimes of Big Ben. It is news time. The adul are suddenly stock-still and serious, leaving the childre stranded in an excited state..
17) 0) text: BILL and SUE are in two beds, side by side. Between them a crystal set and they are sharing the earphones listenin to Itma or Much Binding in the Marsh. Their door is half open and a gust of shots and cries rises from below. BILL gets up and goes to the door.
18) 0) text: BILL and SUE venture out on to the landing and peer throu the banisters to the hallway and front door below.
19) 15) text: SUE'S face creases and tears well up. BILL puts a protective arm about her.
20) 0) text: BILL and SUE slide under the bedclothes. SUE is whimperin
22) 2) dialog: He's never going to come back. He's gone off to be a soldier and Mummy doesn't even know.
22) 4) dialog: You wouldn't.
22) 6) dialog: You couldn't.
22) 17) dialog: Daddy you shut his hand in the door.
25) 0) text: BILL swings on the front gate looking back at his mother, SUE and DAWN bidding their farewells to CLIVE in a confusion of tears and forced gaiety.
27) 0) text: BILL winces as he and SUE are passed from hand to hand, hugged and kissed by many female members of the family - DAWN, GRANDMA and GRACE'S three sisters, FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY. MOLLY is on hand with MAC, the only male. On the table are the remains of the farewell party, an iced cake balloons, gaudy wrapping paper. Encouraging cries fly about. "Aren't you lucky?" "Isn't it exciting?" "I wish I could hide in your suitcase." From the smothering embrace BILL casts a pleading look to MAC who reaches out and hau him from the women.
28) 0) text: MAC and GRACE lead BILL and SUE into the concourse where hundreds of children are assembled, each wearing an identification label. The noise is overwhelming. The organizers shout into megaphones. One buy has fainted and is put on a stretcher by St. Johns Ambulance men and, to get through the crowd, they hold the stretcher above thei heads. The boy recovers, sits up and waves to his friends The parents throng behind the barrier and they follow him WOMEN'S VOLUNTARY SERVICE (W.V.S) Volunteers stand by.
28) 2) text: GRACE nods. The W.V.S WOMAN examines the labels on SUE an BILL and checks them against her list. The steam ad noise have suffocating effect on GRACE.
28) 4) text: GRACE weeps as she embraces SUE. BILL fights back the tea and turns away embarrassed when his mother wants a kiss from him.
28) 14) text: The W.V.S. WOMAN and an ARP MAN are forcibly holding her. MAC cannot bear to watch her pain. He leaps over the barrier, grans SUE and BILL and hoists them out of the pe BILL is acutely embarrassed at the scene his mother is making. He struggles to get free of MAC.
28) 16) text: MAC swings them over to GRACE. She snatches up SUE and hu her. Over the child's shoulder her eye is drawn to a post depicting a ghostly Hitler hovering over a mother and her children. He whispers in her ear "Take them back".
32) 0) text: Sirens are sounding, one after the other, some distant, some close, then the one at the end of the street, like dogs howling in the night waking other dogs. Three German bombers, a Heinkel, a Dornier and a Stuka, fly in formati across the black sky. GRACE appears behind the model planes, which hang on threads from the ceiling, wakes BIL and SUE and they stumble out of bed.
33) 0) text: GRACE leads BILL and SUE down the stairs. They sleep on their feet in this familiar routine. DAWN is still dresse below, playing dance records on the gramophone and finishing homework.
35) 0) text: They squeeze themselves into the tiny space under the stairs, close the door and light a candle. BILL and SUE complain irritably as they try to arrange their limbs. Th shoving and pushing wakes them up. GRACE gives each of them a biscuit from a tin.
35) 4) text: DAWN picks up the knife, pretending to hear someone outsi the cupboard door. She presses her ear to the thin wooden partition. BILL'S eyes bulge. He is half convinced. Even GRACE looks uneasy. SUE, reacting automatically to crisis pulls on her red and white 'Mickey Mouse' gasmask. Sudden DAWN thrusts the knife through a crack in the boards. She makes a blood curdling cry. GRACE slaps her, amused, despite herself. BILL seizes DAW from behind and pulls her back on top of him. They writhe and giggle. BILL cocks an ear.
39) 0) text: BILL and SUE are late. They run into the yard where the other children are already lining up in their respective classes. The HEADMASTER is a wizened Welshman, too old fo military service. He struts up and down.
51) 0) text: BILL and SUE turn into their street on their way home fro school, looking lifeless and dull, but their faces lights up with excitement as the fifty-foot length of a BARRAGE BALLOON suddenly rises from behind the houses to the distant SOUND of CHILDREN CHEERING. They sprint into thei house.
52) 0) text: BILL and SUE run through the hallway and into the living room, scattering satchels, hats, gasmasks in their wake. Their excitement is far too intense to explain to the startled GRACE. They burst out through the French Windows into the Garden.
53) 0) text: They run to the back fence. In the waste ground beyond th garden, where a further row of house was to be built when war intervened, BILL and SUE witness a TEAM of mostly AIRWOMEN, (WRAFS) intent on launching the BALLOON Some twenty WOMEN, each holding a tether, are paying out their lines under the rhythmic commands of their LEADER. There a c able attached to the winch mounted on a TRUCK, and th is wound out as the balloon rises. The balloon has a comforting, humorous aspect, and the children laugh and giggle as they watch.
55) 0) text: A number of PEOPLE have come out of their suburban garden and look up at the pale-blue-winter sky. GRACE, SUE and BILL are among them. A SQUADRON OF SPITFIRES is attacking a formation of GERMA BOMBERS. They are distant black dots high above the barra balloons. The planes WHEEL and DIVE and give a splendid display of AEROBATICS. Being so high, there is almost no sound of engines or cannon and the feeling of unreality i heightened.
66) 0) text: GRACE shakes BILL and SUE awake.
69) 0) text: As they approach the French windows, another BOMB EXPLODE very close by. Before its sound is heard, there is a tremendous BLAST, which rips off the blackout curtains and sends them floating into the room. The WINDOWS are TORN OUT and most of the fragmented glass hangs limply from the brown paper that criss-crosses the panes for just this eventuality. Every loose object is hurled inwards. The room light flickers on and off and shell-bursts illuminate the room from without. GRACE and the children are thrown back against the wall, but before they hit it the process is reversed and the blast is sucked out again. They are pull back towards the windows together with the glass and loos fragments of the room. This all happens slowly as though the room is filled with water and the windows were a reversible sluice gate. SUE'S long blonde-hair is first blown, then sucked across her face. Then comes the SOUND the EXPLOSION itself, Which seems to have the effect od draining water from the room. The People and the bric-a brac all drop to the floor, dead weights once more. The children clutch their ears, SCREAMING. GRACE has one two cuts. She gathers up the children, spreading her bloo on them, and frightens herself, confused as to whom the blood belongs. She wipes it away, crying out a desperate prayer.
69) 2) text: She carries SUE and drags BILL through the shattered Fren windows, out into the garden and towards the Anderson shelter.
70) 0) text: Two more BOMBS EXPLODE, further way, but still close enou for the blast to force them off balance. They stumble and fall, covering their ears against the pressure. They tumb into the SHELTER, stepping into several inches of water. The ack-ack keeps up the barrage, and the EXPLODING SHELL intermittently LIGHT UP the SKY. GRACE, mumbling Dawn's name, clambers out of the shelter to fetch her. GRACE sees DAWN coming down the garden. She looks dazed a she staggers quite slowly with one arm wound around her head. As she gets closer, GRACE sees that her eyes are glazed and she is MOANING. GRACE leads her into the SHELT and covers her with a blanket. SUE is fast asleep already in spite of everything. DAWN looks at her mother accusingly.
71) 0) text: GRACE and DAWN are cleaning up the debris. Some plaster h fallen and there is a pall of dust. They are singing merrily, glad to be alive, to have survived the night. Outside the front window, BILL and SUE can be seen, havin ventured out, eager to explore the damage done to Rosehil Avenue.
72) 0) text: BILL picks up shrapnel. Several houses have been damaged, one heavily so. Outside this house, a handful of people h gathered watching the ARP MEN as they comb through the smouldering ruins. Two of them are working a stirrup pump as they extinguish a small fire in a corner of a room. So children come up to BILL and SUE. They are flushed and excited, bursting with news. One buy, ROGER, blurts it ou
72) 13) text: PAULINE shakes her head. The children move away from her and start to fool around, scrapping and laughing, but whe they get back within a certain distance of PAULINE, they grow quiet and move away again. BILL nudges SUE.
72) 15) dialog: Ask her yourself.
72) 17) text: SUE edges slowly towards her, not without nervous glances back at her brother.
72) 18) dialog: Pauline.
72) 20) dialog: Pauline. Do you want some shrapnel?
72) 22) dialog: Do you want to play?
72) 23) text: PAULINE shakes her head again. SUE goes back to BILL who has been watching carefully at a distance. After a moment they turn back and walk home. ROGER sees another newcomer approaching. He calls out.
73) 0) text: BILL and SUE enter, bursting with their news. GRACE'S sister, HOPE, has come to help and so have MOLLY and MAC, and a Neighbour, MRS. EVANS, on whom DAWN wished a bomb. GRACE'S arm is bandaged, MAC is scoring panes of glass wi a diamond cutter. He has a dollop of putty. BILL is immediately distracted and cannot resist kneading the putty. DAWN brings in a tray of tea. They are all in high spirits, almost festive. SUE tugs at her mother's skirt.
73) 1) dialog: Pauline's mummy got deaded.
73) 28) dialog: (whispering to Bill) Tell them about Pauline's mum.
80) 0) text: GRACE is cutting down a coat for SUE; BILL is reading a comic, the Dandy; DAWN is darning stockings. The doorbell SOUNDS and DAWN catapults from her chair to greet the visitor. She returns with BRUCE, now evidently a welcome regular guest. BILL throws friendly punches, one wild one catches him in crotch. He takes it bravely. He distributes largesse, a t of corned beef and a packet of tea for GRACE, chewing gum SUE, a model barrage balloon for BILL and a pair of nylon for DAWN.
83) 0) text: CLIVE, leather helmet and goggles iced up, rides to the R House on a Norton motorbike. The street is snow-covered a the road is covered in brown slush. BILL and SUE run out greet him. He dismounts painfully, his huge army greatcoa also rimmed with frost. His face is so stiff with cold th he cannot crack a smile and presents an intimidating figu to the children, who draw up  short. When he speaks, he c hardly form words. He staggers alarmingly from the stiffn as he walks, and cramp in one leg makes him hop up and do
84) 5) text: BILL and SUE jump for joy.
84) 6) dialog: (chanting) Jam! Jam! Jam!
84) 29) text: CLIVE stops eating, puts the can back on the table and th all dig in. The tension is dispelled. SUE climbs on CLIVE lap and he feeds her himself. They laugh and chatter and stuff bread and jam in their mouths.
84) 48) dialog: We thought it was poison.
85) 3) text: SUE appears and sprawls herself across her father's lap.
86) 22) text: Cries and shouts come from the street. BILL swings across crater on a dangling electric cable and scrambles into th road. There is panic and pandemonium. The local barrage balloon's fins have punctured and it has lost stability. is careering wildly like a kite out of control. CLIVE and clamber into the street as the balloon skims across the s its steel cable shearing a chimney stack which tumbles do onto the front garden sending people scattering in all directions. BILL runs up,  mad with excitement, as SUE an DAWN come out of the house with GRACE and MOLLY and look CLIVE sprints across to them.
86) 31) text: The balloon does a fat little waltz in the sky. CLIVE suddenly explodes with laughter. DAWN has SUE in her arms
87) 0) text: A make-do-and-mend session, where clothes are exchanged, repaired, altered and cut down. It is swarming with women children. MOLLY and GRACE rummage among the racks of clothing. SUE and BILL, bored and resigned, are obliged t try on items of used clothing.
87) 11) text: She dissolves in a fit of giggles. GRACE helps SUE with a sensible navy-blue coat. It is heavy and dull. SUE doesn' like it. Her face creases and tears well up.
88) 0) text: BILL and SUE each have a torch, which serve as a searchli BILL smokes a woodbine and he blows the smoke around the suspended model aircraft. Spitfires, Hurricanes, Messerschmitts, Heinkels are picke out in turn. As they appear,BILL simulates their engine noise. With considerable dexterity, he uses his free hand fire his ack-ack guns, and papier-mache pellets, pre-soak in ink, fly through the air. BILL animates a distressed p plummeting to earth. His triumph is interrupted by a TAP the window. Expertly he dogs his Woodbine then goes to th window. He opens it and DAWN steps through. He is about t close it after her when BRUCE'S face appears. BILL lets f an ink pellet catching BRUCE square on the forehead. DAWN holds up a threatening hand and the children shrink back BRUCE clambers in. The two of them tiptoe into the next bedroom, DAWN throwing a warning glance over her shoulder
89) 0) text: BILL and SUE share the keyhole, which affords a partial v of Dawn's bed. Complicated combinations of limbs cross th field of view, offering a tantalizing version of events within. The children give up and return to their room, whispering.
89) 1) dialog: I suppose they're still learning, that's why they keep moving about.
89) 3) dialog: Who with?
89) 5) dialog: Liar. Mummy keep still and Daddy moves on top of her. That's what they do when they know how.
106) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE are finishing a frugal picnic on beach. They are muffled up against the nip of early sprin The sand is criss-crossed with pointed iron spikes and co of barbed wire. Curt signs warn against mines and other hazards. BILL and SUE start to play happily and messily i the sand. In the distance, they hear MUFFLED, deep-throat EXPLOSIONS.
108) 0) text: Moonlight flickers intermittently into the compartment, lending a jerky, monochrome quality to the scene. SUE sle thumb in mouth. BILL dozes in the corner of the compartme GRACE and MAC sit side by side.
109) 0) text: As GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE turn into the avenue, they se house burning. It is theirs. When they get closer, they s it is gutted and the roof has collapsed. The firemen have hoses trained on it, but it is too hot to get into the fr door. GRACE'S first thought is for her Daughter.
111) 0) text: GRACE, MAC, DAWN and SUE join BILL in the house and scrat among the debris to see what can be salvaged.
117) 0) text: The room lets out, through open French windows, on to a b garden sown with vegetables for some yards and then givin way to orchard and pasture. The morning sun streams in. GRANDFATHER GEORGE sits at ne end facing the garden. GRAC SUE, GRANDMA and DAWN flank him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE  is n the best in the morning. He glares at BILL as he enters a slips quietly into his seat.
117) 14) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gives him a searching look, but BILL i all innocence. DAWN stifles a giggle. GRACE sees what goe and suppresses a smile herself. BILL suddenly coughs and splutters to hid his laughter. DAWN goes red in the face, tears come to her eyes and her shoulders shake. SUE suddenly tinkles with innocent mirth the suppressed laughter bursts out of them all. They roar gasp and shudder and cannot stop. GRANDMA, quiet perplexe smiles, happy to see them all so happy. GRANDFATHER GEORG eyes blazing with anger, glares at them disdainfully, but dam has burst and, fear him as they do, the laughter pour out unabated and their eyes are filled with tears.
118) 0) text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE  poles the punt up the river. GRACE,  GRANDMA and SUE lounge in the cushions. BILL stands along the old man, learning the way of it.
119) 0) text: Tea is being laid on the lawn by GRANDMA, GRACE and DAWN; GRANDFATHER GEORGE reclines in the faded swing-seat. BILL ferries FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY (his three aunts) to the island in the dingy. He rear-sculls with some difficulty, well enough. GRANDFATHER GEORGE examines his daughters wi binoculars as they 'ooh' and 'aah' greetings on their approach. They disembark and there is much hugging and kissing. They have all brought clothing for the family an dresses and blouses are held up, examined and admired. The daughters clearly disapprove of GRANDFATHER GEORGE an only offer perfunctory kisses, HOPE ignoring him complete SUE is held up and passed from hand to hand as though she were a frock herself. They take it in turns to shout clarification to their mother. They flutter around DAWN, is now showing her pregnancy.
120) 0) text: BILL and SUE are in the dingy, pushing a stand of reeds. hangs over and bows, hauling the boat along by pulling on reeds. The parting rushes reveal a moorhens nest, neatly suspended above the water on bent-over reeds meshed toget There are some dozen speckled eggs. BILL carefully extrac one of them ad places it in a little basket in the boat, which already contains a number of eggs which he has presumably taken from other nests. Further upstream, BILL steps out of the boat into some shallows. He gropes under the water and hauls up a night fishing li SUE shares his disappointment when there is no catch.
121) 0) text: The dingy pulls up at the landing stage. GRANDFATHER GEOR using a stick, limps down the garden to meet them. SUE ha him the basket of eggs.
121) 2) text: He gives the boat a shove with his stick and turns back t the house. SUE looks weepy. BILL mouths some of his repertoire of swear words. From the dormer window, DAWN witnesses their humiliation. She laughs and waves. As GRANDFATHER GEORGE turns back to the house, she ducks out sight.
122) 0) text: They row up to the head of the weir. BILL casts a line an fixes the rod to the gunwale, He ties up the boat and sli over the side. He checks a net arrangement he has fixed a the base of the waterfall to snare unwary fish swimming o the weir. It is empty. SUE paddles in the soft weed that grows on the steps of the weir, letting it seep between h toes. BILL kneels and runs his fingers through the same luminous-green weed. They become absorbed in it. BILL low his body into the water and lets himself slide over the w SUE follows suit. Soon they have discovered a glorious ga sliding like eels down the weir and plunging into the poo below. Back and forth they go. In the far distance, an ai raid siren wails, They pay no attention, so caught up are they in their pleasure. SUE checks the fishing line fixed the boat. Nothing.
122) 1) dialog: I'm scared of going back without any fish. I hate Grandpa.
122) 4) text: Suddenly there is a BLAST OF AIR and a BOOMING EXPLOSION. hundred yards up the river, a great plume of water spurts They drop flat on the steps of the weir. BILL peers cautiously over the rim of the waterfall. SUE seems his astonishment turn to a broad grin. Floating towards the w are dozens of fish stunned by the blast. Joyously, they gather them up and throw them into the boat.
124) 8) text: SUE waves at him. DAWN glowers at her.
124) 18) text: BILL and SUE exchange disgusted looks.
125) 0) text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRAND GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gi his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. Th only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. T appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside th church and put their red caps on.
127) 0) text: The party is on the veranda. BILL and SUE sit on the step GRANDFATHER is alone on the swing seat. GRACE and her thr sisters are a sting quartet. They finish a piece. The oth clap. It leaves them a little melancholy.
131) 3) text: BILL comes to SUE's side and they catch another glimpse o the baby's head. SUE wrinkles her nose.
131) 4) dialog: It's all sticky.