0) 24) text: BACK TO a montage of the shooting.  We see Kennedy, in th last seconds, waving, turning the corner at Houston from  Main... We see TV footage and a piece of Zapruder film fr before the shooting; fragmented images... CUT TO stages shots of crowd people looking on.  The imag are grainy to match the tone of the Zapruder film.  Peopl are on rooftops, hollering.  The crowd is wild with  enthusiasm.  We pan past Jack Ruby and slam into him in b and-white.  The camera shows a Cuban man with a radio; a with an umbrella; subliminals.  Through open windows on t fifth floor of the Criminal Courts Building, convicts wat and holler from their jail cells.  We see the sixth floor the Texas Book Depository with open windows and a vague b of a figure and a rifle. The clock on the Hertz sign reads 12:30.
0) 26) text: A motorcycle officer paralleling the Kennedy car tries to use his radio. It's jammed.  The sound of the jammed Dictabelt drives th rest of the sequence. We see Zapruder, a short middle - aged man, shooting his film from the Grassy Knoll, and then we see Jackie Kenned floating on film, her voice, high, soft:
0) 28) text: The camera rests on Jackie for a beat, and then we see th shot of the little schoolgirl skipping on the grass. CUT TO the approaching overpass.  J.F.K. waves... Mrs.  Connally turns to J.F.K.  The shot is crazy, fractured,  surreal.
0) 31) text: Then we hear the shots: the volley sounds like a motorcyc backfire.  We catch a glimpse of a muzzle flash and smoke We see a view from the street of the Texas School Book  Depository - all in line with the "official" version of  events.  Pigeons by the hundreds suddenly shoot off the r Then the screen goes gray as did CBS TV's first bulletins the country.
0) 38) text: We hear sirens and screeching tires.  The screen is still gray, randomly intercut with the end of the Nix film show the car escaping.  There are wildly tracking shots of the crowd running towards the Grassy Knoll. The camera pans up the little set of stairs.  We see more faces. Someone in a suit stops our camera.  Secret Service? We see the briefest glimpse from the Zapruder film.  The  camera moves in on the open umbrella next, then to the fr sign, then to Mrs. Kennedy out of the car reaching for he then to the agent rushing onto the rear fender.  The car  finally speeds away.  The people on the other side of the underpass wave at the oncoming hearse from hell.  (These fragmented, mystifying shots.  The main effect is one of  blackout - of not knowing; of being in the dark, as we al were back then.)
0) 42) text: Jim is stunned.  His look of horror and shock speaks the  same language as on faces all across America that Black  Friday.
0) 52) text: They all look up, expectant, as Walter Cronkite interrupt on the TV:
0) 60) text: On the TV, we see the scene at Dealey Plaza.  The reporte has several men, women, and children gathered around him. He puts his microphone in their faces.
0) 71) text: Back in the bar, the camera moves to two patrons seated a table by themselves, far enough away not to be heard.  Gu Banister is a sturdy, imposing ex - FBI agent in his 60's steel gray hair, blue eyes, ruddy from heavy drinking.  H wears a small rosebud in his lapel.  Jack Martin is a thi mousy man in his mid - 50's, wearing a Dick Tracy hat. They're both drinking Wild Turkey heavily.  The TV blares loudly across the room over their voices.
0) 83) text: Police are saying there could be a tie - in here to the m of the President. TELEVISION INSERT:  Lee Harvey Oswald, a bruise over his  right temple, is apprehended at the Texas Theatre.
0) 85) text: TELEVISION INSERT:  Oswald is booked at the station.  A s young man, 24, he claims to the press:
0) 88) text: The room bursts out with an accumulated fury at the young Oswald - a tremendous release of tension.  On the TV we s the excitement in the newsmen's eyes; they all sense that this is the break they're looking for in the case. Garrison and Ivon watch the TV, and then Garrison stands pays the bill.
0) 91) text: As they leave, the camera holds on the image of Oswald.
0) 107) text: Enraged, Banister pulls a .357 Magnum from his holster,  cursing as he suddenly slams it into Martin's temple.  Th smaller man crumples painfully to the ground.
0) 114) text: TELEVISION IMAGE: Oswald in front of the cameras, on a  platform.
0) 121) text: Oswald seems shocked.
0) 124) text: Oswald looks over and spots Ruby in the back of the room, a table.  Recognition is in his eyes.  The police start t move him out.
0) 130) text: Jim is moved by her. TELEVISION IMAGE: Texas D.A. Henry Wade addresses the  journalists.
0) 132) text: Jim moves to the phone as Liz starts the kids up the stai The TV cuts to stills of Oswald's life.  Two newsmen sit a studio, smoking, sharing information.
0) 143) text: Oswald was seen with him several times last summer.
0) 147) text: On the TV we see the first image of the "backyard photos" Lee Harvey Oswald holding the rifle.
0) 158) text: TELEVISION IMAGE: The basement of the Dallas police  headquarters - waiting.  Men mill around as Oswald is led out of the basement by two deputies.  Jack Ruby rushes fo out of the crowd - and into history - putting his sealing bullet into Oswald.  Total chaos erupts... The camera is on the staff, looking.  We hear gasps.
0) 164) text: We see images of Oswald being lifted onto the stretcher,  into the ambulance, and the newscaster crouching, whisper Everybody in the room is stunned still.
0) 170) text: Ferrie suffers from alopecia, a disease that has removed his body hair, and he looks like a Halloween character -  penciled eyebrows, one higher than the other, a scruffy  reddish wig pasted on askew with glue, thrift store cloth His eyes, however, are swift and cunning, his smile warm, inviting itself, his demeanor hungry to please.
0) 174) text: Ferrie glimpses the low-volumed TV - and images of the  funeral.  He looks away, jittery, and takes out a cigaret Sharon brings the coffee in.
0) 203) text: Lou and the two cops escort Ferrie out of the office as J turns to the television image of Kennedy's final moments rest.  The bugler plays taps.  John Jr., 3 years old, in image which will become famous, salutes his Dad farewell. The riderless horse stands lonely against the Washington  sky.
0) 230) text: Russell looks at Jim quizzically and laughs.
0) 253) text: As the children dance, they fall off Jim's feet, laughing and giggling.  He throws each in the air and kisses them.
0) 264) text: Jim, upset, reads on... Another witness, Sgt. D.V. Harkne of the Dallas Police responds to a second attorney.
0) 266) text: We see another FLASHBACK - to the Dallas rail yards on th day of the assassination.  Three hoboes are being pulled the freight by the Dallas policemen.
0) 270) text: FLASHBACK TO Dealey Plaza an hour or less after the  assassination.  The three hoboes are marched by shotgun-t policemen to the Sheriff's office at Dealey Plaza.  We no that they do not look much like hoboes.
0) 275) text: The camera's point of view is now from the railroad tower near Dealey Plaza.  We are fourteen feet off the ground,  overlooking the parking lot behind the Grassy Knoll.  The shot includes this last car circling in the lot.
0) 281) text: We feel the growing intensity: music, drums - but all blu We see a puff of smoke but no sound because of the window Bowers is glancing through.  A motorcycle cop shoots up t Grassy Knoll incline.  People run, blurring into a larger mosaic of confusion.  Bowers is confused, seeing this. INTERCUT with Jim's heart pounding as he reads. Back in Dealey Plaza, S.M. Holland, an elderly signal  supervisor, stands on the parapet of the railway.
0) 283) text: We see the scene from Holland's point of view - the puff smoke lingering under the trees along the picket fence af the shooting.
0) 308) text: Back to the Lafayette Square of 1966.  Jim walks Ivon and Bill to the corner, to another entrance to the same build this one with a sign that says "544 Camp Street."
0) 310) text: Bill studies the present sign: "Crescent City Dental  Laboratory", and gives Jim a puzzled look.
0) 312) text: Lou gets it and glances up.  We FLASHBACK TO the exterior 544 Camp Street in 1963.  Lee Oswald comes out the door i a full close-up, now clearly seen by us, and heads out in the street as Guy Banister intercepts him on the sidewalk holding a leaflet and point to "544 Camp Street stamped o it.  Guy seems miffed at Oswald, tells him something quic and then moves on.
0) 316) text: FLASHBACK to Canal Street in New Orleans on a summer day 1963.  Oswald, in a thin tie and white short-sleeved shir and wearing a homemade placard reading "Hands Off Cuba";  "Viva Fidel!", is hawking leaflets to pedestrians with tw young helpers. A large white-haired businessman in a white suit, very  distinguished, walks with a friend on Canal Street.  Oswa glances at him and meets his eyes.  The businessman enter an office building.  This man is Clay Bertrand, later kno as Clay Shaw. Some Cubans, led by Carols Bringuier, now appear.  One of them, "the Bull", is heavy-set with dark glasses.  More o him will also be seen.
0) 319) text: Carlos throws Oswald's leaflets in the air and pulls off glasses, prepared to fight.  Oswald only smiles, and puts his arms down in an X of passivity.
0) 321) text: There is no real fight, but the police, as if pre-alerted arrive. Arrests are made.  We see Oswald in a room in the police  station, talking with FBI Agent John Quigley.  A calendar the wall shows that it's August, 1963.
0) 323) text: In a television studio in 1963, Oswald debates Carlos  Bringuier with two moderators.
0) 329) text: Back in 1966, Jim walks with his two assistants.
0) 349) text: What I need is a little clarification about the night Guy Banister beat you over the head with his Magnum.  You cal our office hopping mad from your hospital bed.  Don't tel me you don't remember that? Jack looks away and doesn't respond.
0) 370) text: Still in 1963, we see the exterior of Banister's office. dozen Cubans follow Ferrie downstairs into the street, an pile into several cars, duffels thrown in with them.  Fer drives the lead car.
0) 372) text: We see the cars cross the long Lake Pontchartrain Bridge enter a remote guerrilla training camp.  Bayou and jungle are all around.
0) 374) text: At the guerrilla training camp at Lake Pontchartrain in 1 we see scenes of basic training - shooting, obstacle cour callisthenics - led by Ferrie and other trainers.  Scatte among the Cubans are several white American mercenaries. catch a glimpse of Oswald and glimpses of several other m we will see again, in sprinklings.
0) 393) text: FLASHBACK to Banisters office on a day in 1963.  Martin i snooping in Banister's files.  Cut to Martin leaving the  office as a big businessman with white hair briefly talks Oswald and then goes into Banister's private office.
0) 440) text: She talked to a cop from a hospital bed two days before t assassination, said Kennedy would be hit that Friday.  Sh said she was a dope runner for Jack Ruby and that Ruby kn Oswald for years...
0) 445) text: Jack Ruby's been rotting in a Dallas jail cell for three  years.  Maybe he's ready to crack?
0) 450) text: FLASHBACK TO Moscow in 1959.  We see shots of the city -  strange and eerie black-and-white stills.  Inside the U.S Embassy Oswald slaps his passport on the table with a for letter.  Two consuls attend him.
0) 453) text: Continuing the Moscow flashback, we see Oswald talking wi a female journalist in his small room in the Hotel Metrop Again he sounds robotic.
0) 456) text: We see photos of the city of Minks, in Russia, Oswald wit various friends and tourists, shots of Lee and Marina wit new baby.
0) 471) text: The screen shows photos of New York: Empty docks... a shi coming in... Wall Street on a Sunday morning - Graphic We type black-and-white stills, then a photo of Spas T. Raik
0) 476) text: FLASHBACK TO a Forth Worth map factory.  We see Oswald at work on photo mattes with a Minox spy camera.  The camera shows close-ups of maps and then flashes to a hand in the photographic section.  We see a close-up of Oswald's head a photograph - the same headshot that will be superimpose on the Oswald photo - and a razor blade cutting mattes.
0) 480) text: FLASHBACK TO Fort Worth in 1963.  In Oswald's cheap apart seven White Russians, including George de Mohrenschildt, distinguished grey-haired man in his late fifties, are  visiting Marina and Oswald, bringing old dresses, groceri and toys and milk for the crying baby, whose cradle is tw suitcases.
0) 482) dialog: Where'd you get all this Nazi stuff?
0) 485) text: We see Oswald and de Mohrenschildt talking with the other and a magazine cover with J.F.K. the subject of discussio
0) 489) text: TIME CUT TO Oswald's apartment on a different day in 1963 George de Mohrenschildt points out a Mannlicher-Carcano r in the closet, turns to Lee.
0) 491) text: Lee's look is sickly.  He freezes up. RESUME scene of White Russian gathering in Oswald's apart
0) 493) text: Anna Meller, one of the guests, glances at a copy of Das  Kapital in a pile of books, and talks to another Russian about it... Talking now to Lee and Marina are Janet and B Williams, a mid-American couple in their late twenties,  freshly minted.
0) 496) text: We see Oswald and another man in the Texas School Book  Depository in 1963.  They are hauling and stacking school textbooks - an obviously lower-level job for Oswald after the map factory.  We cut ahead to empty graphics of the s off area, the window site, the cafeteria.
0) 501) text: We see Marina and Oswald in bed at night in the Williams' house, in a tender scene.  Oswald says goodbye to his chi TIME CUT TO Oswald living in a boarding house.  It is at  night, and he sits in his room alone.  The housekeeper,  Earlene Roberts, heavyset, white, in her 60's, comes in a asks him if he wants to watch some TV with her.  He decli
0) 520) dialog: Boss, Oswald impersonators?  Sounds  like James Bond now.
0) 533) text: Ruby looks over at the two guards, who eye him.  The Doct gives him the injection. FLASHBACK TO Ruby's jail cell in 1964.  Ruby talks to men with their backs to us.  Lawyers and police clutter the c making Ruby hyper-nervous.  The chief official's white ha and avuncular voice are all we see and hear of him; his b is to us.
0) 556) text: Sudden FLASHBACK to Andrews' office on a day in 1963.  Cl Bertrand sits, back to us, talking to Andrews.  He has cl cropped white hair.  He is the same patrician man we've s earlier with Oswald on Canal Street and in Banister's off Andrews is evidently lying.
0) 558) text: Jim, in present, looking briefly - a pretty girl walking
0) 565) text: FLASHBACK TO Andrews' office on another day in 1963.  We  catch a glimpse of a young swish sitting in Andrew's offi talking on the phone.  Andrews is also on the phone to  Bertrand, unseen, on the other end.
0) 604) text: TIMECUT TO the prison work area, where Willie talks, lean against a tree looking out on a mangrove swamp.  It's lun break and other prisoners move in the background, eating, socializing.
0) 611) text: FLASHBACK TO the Masquerade Bar in the French Quarter.  I nighttime and Ferrie, Bertrand and O'Keefe sit at a back  booth.  Bertrand, as seen earlier, is an imposing, white- haired patrician man, over six feet tall, heavily defined bones and eyelids, in his late 40's or early 50's.
0) 617) text: FLASHBACK TO Dave Ferrie's apartment on a night in 1963. The place is filled messy bricabrac, including two dozen  mouse cages for Ferrie's cancer experiments.  Ferrie,  Bertrand, O'Keefe, and four Cubans in battle fatigues are laughing and fooling around.  Oswald is in a corner clean a .22 rifle with a scope on it.  He looks different, unke unshaven.  A record player grinds out a speech in Spanish Castro.  Some other people are there as well - it's a bea scene: sandals, hanging out, only one woman.  Ferrie is t pictures throughout of the group horsing around, photogra Oswald.
0) 625) text: Ferrie separates them.  Oswald seems to resent an outside being there.
0) 637) text: TIMECUT TO later that night, when only O'Keefe, Ferrie,  Bertrand, Oswald and three Cubans are left.
0) 646) text: Oswald looks up, listens quietly.
0) 653) text: Oswald listens, playing with his rifle.  Bertrand suddenl turns cold, flashing a look at Ferrie.
0) 657) text: BACK TO the prison work area.  Jim and O'Keefe continue  talking.
0) 664) text: As he talks, Jim shares a sickened look with Bill.  Whate truth he may be telling is necessarily compromised by an  attitude that could be destroyed in court.
0) 667) text: FLASHBACK TO the Lincoln-Mercury dealership.  Oswald is  deliberately kept in half or three quarter shots - a myst figure.  He kicks the tires on a used red Mercury Comet,  cocky.
0) 671) text: In the next scene we see the car, driven by "Oswald", zoo up the ramp and disappearing onto the freeway.
0) 673) text: Resume the scene at the dealership.
0) 675) text: "Oswald", unhappy, starts to leave.
0) 679) text: FLASHBACK TO a Dallas firing range in 1963.
0) 685) text: FLASHBACK TO the corridor of Silvia Odio's apartment in D on a night in 1963.  Oswald drags behind two Cubans - one "the Bull", heavyset with a scar over his left eye, who w saw at the Canal Street incident, and the other, "the Ind is quiet and cold.  The men ring the doorbell and talk to concerned Silvia as Oswald hangs back, watching, in the  shadows.  The men give her intimate information about her father, who is imprisoned in Cuba.  The men chatter ad li in Spanish.
0) 689) text: Silvia Odio is surprised to hear this information volunte "The Bull's" eyes are on "Oswaldo", outside the booth wit "the Indian".  They're hanging out, talking to a mystery  man, an Anglo.
0) 691) text: Jim looks at the famous photo... the camera closes in on heavyset man who looks nothing like Oswald.  Liz has come back in and overhears.
0) 692) dialog: If this is Oswald, it must be our  third Oswald.
0) 696) text: FLASHBACK TO the Dallas Homicide Office in 1963.  Oswald being interrogated by Will Fritz, Dallas Homicide Chief, shows him the original of the photo from the Williams gar
0) 719) text: The staff members, anxious to go home, have all risen... now sigh.
0) 724) text: They all raise their hands as Bill walks in, excited.
0) 726) text: They all stop, look.
0) 737) text: Liz walks out of the room silent.  There is a tense pause
0) 793) text: Jim is getting incredibly irritated.  He feels Shaw is ly CUT TO Antoine's Restaurant, where Liz and all five kids  look at menus.
0) 846) dialog: Could be Ferrie, Martin, Andrews,  any of 'em.
0) 923) text: FLASHBACK TO Ferrie at the party with Oswald (obscured) p Willie O'Keefe's witness.  Jim, in the present, doesn't f right about it.
0) 943) text: His eyes are going again.  Deals... intrigue - thru the t
0) 961) text: Jim is reading Newsweek, deeply hurt.  There are newspape all over his desk.
0) 973) text: Sharon has come in during this, signalling to Jim.
0) 987) text: He glances at the photo but continues on across the room, looking at the pictures on the walls.
0) 1012) text: Jim's eyes go to Bill.  He could be wrong, but it's almos as if Bill were going along with the idea now.
0) 1020) text: Bill has a strange reaction - a sudden exhalation of brea as if an entire house of cards were collapsing.  He rises but Miller goes first, leaving silently.  Once he's gone, Bill turns wearily to Jim.
0) 1028) dialog: My instinct is that Ferrie is going  to keep on deteriorating, and we'll  end up getting more out of him when  he finally cracks.  If we call him  now, he might freeze up and we could  lose the best shot we've ever had.
0) 1035) text: Numa makes violent signals to shut up - not to talk - sti the microphone in front of Jim.  Williams searches the wa for the bug.  Numa signals everyone outside.
0) 1047) text: Everyone laughs, but the camera goes to the look of shock Lou's face as he holds the receiver.  They all look over him; feeling the bad news before they hear it.
0) 1056) text: Jim picks several empty, capless medicine bottles on a ta next to the sofa and looks at them.  Lou and Bill come ov with a typed suicide note.
0) 1064) text: Jim runs an eye through Dave's closet, cluttered with sha jackets. His eye falls on a neat but faded lace and satin, some so of garment of priestly origin, he takes it in his hand.
0) 1066) text: Susie Cox walks in, a new message written on her face.
0) 1111) text: Something about his manner speaks of authority, knowledge and above all, old-fashioned honesty - the eyes looking a you straight on.  He indicates a bench.
0) 1113) text: FLASHBACK TO the Pentagon offices in 1963.  X strides dow busy hall and into the offices of one of his superiors, M General Y, a lean, cold warrior, battlefield handsome,  civilian clothes, and several advisors.  There's a U.S. f on the wall.  The status of Y is only clear by the sing o the desk, the name blocked by a passing figure.
0) 1115) text: We hear vague ad-lib mutterings on the soundtrack indicat a friendly atmosphere, and we see stock footage of a C-13 transport flying to Antarctica and ice floes on the surfa of the sea. Then, at a New Zealand airport, we see X, in a uniform, a newsstand reading of Kennedy's assassination.  The banner headline of an "Extra" edition of The Christchurch Star  screams out "KENNEDY SHOT DEAD."
0) 1117) text: Back at the Pentagon office, we see X returning and meeti Y.  The atmosphere is cordial, but Y is slightly differen from before - more harried, more nervous.  He turns away light a cigarette, he doesn't want the usual conversation
0) 1121) text: In Dealey Plaza, 1963, we see an Army intelligence man ta a shot with a Minolta camera.
0) 1129) text: DOCUMENTARY IMAGES flash on the screen - Allen Dulles, sw faced, smiling, at the Warren Commission Hearing and visi Dealey Plaza; General Charles Cabell and Richard Bissell.
0) 1131) text: At Arlington Cemetery on the same day, Jim visits the gra of President Kennedy.  We see the eternal flame.  Jim thi about what he should do now.  The size of it stuns him. is lost, reeling back to the past in his mind. DISSOLVE TO DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE of Dachau concentration c thousands of bodies are piled and bulldozed... And then b to Jim at Arlington Cemetery reliving it... only the enor of past evil can prepare him to confront present evil.  I strange way, it reassures him.
0) 1133) text: FLASHBACK TO the White House, 1963.  Lyndon Johnson is wi Henry Cabot Lodge.  We see them as shadowy figures from a distance across the wide room, or near a veranda with a p and plenty of light.  Johnson, his back to us, talks in a loud, thick Texas drawl (mostly muted) and signs a docume
0) 1135) text: In the park with X, Jim is staggered by all this informat X ceases walking and looks at Jim.
0) 1142) text: Jim watches this mystery man walking away.  The figure  vanishes in the Washington breeze.  Flags flap over some  distant memorial to some distant history of the Republic. Jim rises, a decision made.
0) 1151) dialog: When you're in a war, boss, you use  every weapon you got.
0) 1168) text: We see a shot of the Supreme Court building in Washington D.C. and then a corridor inside the building.  A Chief  Justice, looking gray and wise like Earl Warren, moves al the corridor in his black robe delivering his verdict to press.
0) 1179) text: FLASHBACK TO Dealey Plaza in 1963.  It's a normal scene - cars, traffic, people starting to arrive for Kennedy's  appearance.  We catch a glimpse of Julia Ann Mercer, 23,  driving, then stopping traffic.
0) 1181) text: She glances over at the man in the driver's seat.  It's J Ruby, wearing a green jacket.  Then she sees a young whit man in his mid - 20's, in a gray jacket, brown pants, pla shirt and wool stocking hat, getting out of the passenger side, going to the rear of the van, opening a tool compar and removing a package that looks like a rifle wrapped in paper.  He walks up the embankment in the direction of th picket fence.  Ruby looks over and stares at Julia Ann, w turns away and notices three police officers standing nea motorcycle on the overpass bridge.  Her eyes lock with Ru a second time and as the traffic moves, she drives on.
0) 1183) text: In the Dallas FBI office, Mercer sits at a table looking photos.  Two FBI agents stand near her showing her photos She shakes her head "no" several times, until they put a  shot of Jack Ruby in front of her.  She holds it up.
0) 1204) text: Jada and Beverly sit down at the table with Ferrie, Oswal and Jack, with Jack doing the buying.  It's too loud to h anything.
0) 1219) text: On the overpass near Dealey Plaza, S.M. Holland, a tan,  elderly, leather-faced signal supervisor, points to the p fence for Jim and Lou.  His accent is thick and rural.  W saw him before, briefly, when Jim was reading the Warren  Report.
0) 1223) text: FLASHBACK to the motorcycle... BACK TO 1967.  Jim and Lou walk with Dodd and Holland nea the picket fence.  We feel the emptiness of the area now see the normal amount of traffic driving by.
0) 1227) text: Jim looks, reliving the moment. Later Jim and Lou stand on the south side of Elm Street i Dealey Plaza talking to Jean Hill, an attractive, 30-ish  teacher.  Her demeanor has a rock-solid Texas back-countr conviction to it; she's a woman not easily frightened.
0) 1233) text: Blurry image - we're not at all sure what or who or if... but a seed is planted.  We see smoke - the same smoke Bow saw... then Jack Ruby in a brown coat running from the Bo Depository toward the railroad tracks.  Then we see Jean' view as she runs toward the Knoll along with others.  the are yells, shouts, and general confusion.
0) 1254) text: In a Parkland Hospital office in 1964, a lawyer interview Jean Hill.  A female stenographer takes notes.
0) 1272) text: DISSOLVE TO a scene inside the Texas School Book Deposito in 1967.  Jim and Lou walk the floor and look out the win Lou has a Mannlicher-Carcano in his hand with a sight and clip.  We see Oswald's supposed view of the limousine as pulls the trigger.  Now, innocuous traffic goes by, but t iris of the camera tightens into a sniper's scope.
0) 1274) text: Lou cocks the Mannlicher for the first shot.  Jim looks a this watch. Lou assumes the Oswald pose, crouched at the window aimin out.
0) 1289) text: The camera swings to the Daltex Building across the stree
0) 1297) text: Moving at a normal 25 mph, they knew the motorcade would  have to slow to about 10 miles per hour to make this turn That's where you get him. The camera swings to the Houston and Main intersection.
0) 1310) text: Lou walks to another window in the empty Book Depository  where Oswald supposedly did his dirty deed and looks out  over the plaza, with all its ghosts.  Jim and Lou are two men - with only two men's power.  A terrible aloneness  pervades their minds.
0) 1313) text: FLASHBACK TO 1963 - the sixth floor of the Texas School B Depository - the same place Jim and Lou are now.  Jim loo around and sees one shooter and one spotter with a lunchb radio, in repairman clothes.  Jim is watching.  Neither o these men is Oswald.  We hear the sounds of the motorcade below.  The shooter pulls the trigger on the Carcano.  A  loud frightening sound snaps Jim back to the present.
0) 1316) dialog: The U.S. Attorney in Washington  "declines" to serve our subpoena on  Allen Dulles, Charles Cabell, CIA  Director Richard Helms, or any FBI  agent we named.
0) 1318) dialog: Without them, it's going to be near  impossible, chief, to prove Shaw's  connection to the CIA.  We got the  same problem with the governors.   All of them.  Reagan in California  won't give us Brading, Ohio refuses  Orville Townsend, Texas on Arcacha,  and Nebraska on Sandra Moffet.
0) 1320) dialog: We haven't tried to get Julia Anne  Mercer in?
0) 1334) text: FLASHBACK TO Dallas FBI Office in 1963.  Oswald is at the counter addressing the female receptionist.
0) 1344) text: FLASHBACK TO Oswald, under arrest, meeting with Quigley.
0) 1346) text: Holds up the telex.  We see a close-up: "URGENT TO ALL SA
0) 1349) dialog: "Threat to assassinate President  Kennedy in Dallas, Texas, November  22-23.  Information received by the  Bureau has determined that a militant  revolutionary group may attempt to  assassinate President Kennedy on his  proposed trip to Dallas, Texas, etc,  etc..."
0) 1350) text: FLASHBACK TO New Orleans FBI office in 1963.  Walter, the night clerk, receives the teletype, reads it, and runs it
0) 1352) text: FLASHBACK TO a Dallas safe house in 1963.  Oswald, Ruby, several Cubans including the Bull and the Indian are talk
0) 1354) text: Underneath the voice-over we hear and see Oswald, with a  floor plan of the Book Depository, at the center of the g Jack Ruby, Bull, and the Indian, two or three young Cuban and a young white shooter - the man in the plaid shirt  described by Julia Ann Mercer - are also there.
0) 1361) text: Ruby shares a look with Bull unbeknownst to Oswald, and t we see the looks on the faces of Jim's team.
0) 1371) text: His voice is challenging.  There's a pause.  The men exch looks and wait.
0) 1383) dialog: Bill wasted a goddamn month trying  to prove that mob boys like Barding  and Jack Ruby played ball in right  field with Hunt Oil.
0) 1386) dialog: I've seen him copying files, leaving  here late at night.
0) 1410) text: CUT TO Jim's study, where Jim also watches the news in ho We see TV images of Martin Luther King on the motel balco dead.
0) 1412) text: Jim, visibly shaken, slams his book down on the desk in  frustration. BACK TO the male voice on the phone.
0) 1452) text: The children press in at the door.  Mattie, ignoring them is enraged as she watches King's eulogy on TV.  Riots are already breaking out.
0) 1484) text: He pulls out a large blowup of the Allen photo of the thr hoboes and starts to hold it up in front of the camera.
0) 1486) text: It takes Johnson a few moments to realize what's happenin When he does, he lunges like a cobra for the photographs, pulling Jim's arm down so the pictures are out of the cam view.
0) 1490) text: Jim swings the picture up a third time, but the stage dir gives a "cut" signal - finger across the throat - and the red light on the camera blinks off.  The monitor shows an camera panning the audience.
0) 1492) text: The director frantically gives Johnson the "cut" sign.
0) 1494) text: The audience cheers as the commercial comes on.
0) 1496) dialog: Jim, bad news.  Bill's turned, boss.   I think he's given everything we've  got to the Feds.
0) 1508) text: Liz shares a look with Al and Numa.
0) 1509) dialog: Boss, with Broussard they have  everything.  All our witnesses, our  strategy for the trial.  We'd have  to doublecheck all his work, there  could be false leads... we gotta  rethink this trial.
0) 1517) text: She walks out. We see the outside of Jim's house and hear crickets chirp the purr of the suburb.  Inside, the TV election results still on.
0) 1519) text: Jim is in the kitchen fixing himself a sandwich.  There's strange feeling in the house.  We hear the wind - a shutt sighing.  Jim suddenly doesn't feel alone in the kitchen.
0) 1521) text: He waves and leaves the podium, going back through the ki of the hotel.  Jim is frozen in his spot, shaken.  The gh of Jack Kennedy - as he was before the killing - stares a him through the kitchen, as if encased in a hologram.  Th hooded eyes watch Jim without expression.  They're  communicating, in some strange subliminal way.  Suddenly  shots ring out from the television and there's pandemoniu
0) 1523) text: The television shows a scene of confusion.  Jim walks out looking at the TV, struck down with his foreknowledge and his inability to do anything about it. In their bedroom upstairs that night, Jim gently wakes Li and holds her.
0) 1542) text: TIME CUT TO the Town Marshall on the stand.
0) 1556) text: We see the faces of people in the courtroom... the judge' face... obviously Goldberg is disturbed (or maybe he is  telling the truth, but it doesn't play well)... Jim looks Al sickly.
0) 1557) dialog: He was one of Broussard's witnesses,  chief.  I'm sorry.  He was totally  sane when we took his affidavit.
0) 1560) text: TIME CUT TO Jim calling Officer Habighorst to testify.
0) 1565) text: This is an ugly surprise for Jim.  We see him at the benc arguing loudly with the judge.  Susie, Dymond and Al are  also there.
0) 1577) dialog: We're filing for a writ to the  appellate court.
0) 1592) text: CUT TO later in the trial.  A movie screen has been insta for the jury.  Jim paces dramatically, as if waiting, cas looks at the door.  Members of the press pack the hot roo and a fan turns overhead.
0) 1594) text: The Zapruder film (8mm) now rolls.  We have seen pieces o it before in the opening of the film, but now we see it w It is crucial that this piece of film be repeated several times during the trial to drive home a point that is easi lost on casual viewing.  The first viewing is silent exce for the sound of the clanky projector.  It lasts about 25 seconds, and then the lights come on.  The jury is shaken The judge is shaken.  The people in the courtroom murmur. Even Clay Shaw is surprised at what he has seen.  Jim say nothing, letting the truth of it sink in.  Then:
0) 1596) text: CUT TO a drawing which has been put on a chair for the Ju Jim has also moved Al, acting as J.F.K., into a chair dir behind the larger Numa, acting as Governor Connally.  He  demonstrates with a pointer.
0) 1598) text: Jim walks to a drawing of an overhead view of Dealey Plaz On it are dots representing locations of the witnesses. H points to each portion.  He pauses and looks out into the courtroom - Liz has entered accompanied by Jasper.  Quiet she takes a seat.  Jim is unbelieving at first, then very moved.  He takes a beat, then:
0) 1604) text: FLASHBACK TO: Parkland Hospital Emergency Room on that da in 1963.  The doctors work on the President.  The wounds the back of his head are evident but will change later in the autopsy.  He is placed in a bronze casket.
0) 1606) text: CUT TO: the Secret Service team preparing to wheel the ca out.  The Dallas Medical Examiner, Dr. Rose, backed by a  justice of the peace, bars the way.  A furious wrestling  match ensues.
0) 1609) text: The Secret Service agents put the doctor and judge up aga the wall at gunpoint and sweep out of the hospital.
0) 1642) text: FLASHBACK TO: the Book Depository, 1963.  A shooter and t spotters dressed as working men move into the Oswald spot One spotter produces the Mannlicher-Carcano.
0) 1646) text: Inside the Dal-Tex Building, a shooter and a spotter dres as air-conditioning men move into a small second-story te storage room.
0) 1648) text: At the picket fence a shooter in a Dallas Police uniform  moves into place, aiming up Elm Street.  His spotter has radio to his ear.  Another man in a Secret Service suit m further down the fence.
0) 1650) text: Part of this team is a coordinator who's flashed security credentials at several people, chasing them out of the pa lot area. An "agent" in tie and suit moves on the underpass, keepin an eye out. In the crowd on Elm Street, we catch brief glimpses of th umbrella man and the Cuban, neither of them watching Kenn both looking around to their teams.  There is a third man heavyset, in a construction helmet.
0) 1656) text: In the Dallas County Jail, Johnny Powell is one of many  convicts housed on the sixth floor - the same height as t men in the Book Depository.  We look across to the Deposi through cell bars.  Johnny and various cell mates are wat two men in the sixth floor of the Depository.
0) 1660) text: All the shooters tighten, taking aim.  It's a tense momen
0) 1662) text: The camera is on Kennedy waving.  A MONTAGE follows - all the faces in the square that we've introduced in the movi now appear one after the other, watching - the killers, t man with the umbrella, the Newman family, Mary Moorman  photographing, Jean Hill, Abraham Zapruder filming it, S. Holland, Patrolman Harkness... INTERCUT with the Zapruder and Nix films on J.F.K. in the final seconds coming abrea of the Stemmons Freeway sign.
0) 1664) text: CUT TO the Dal-Tex shooter firing.  We see the back of  Kennedy's through his gun sight.  Kennedy (stand in) reac in the Zapruder film.
0) 1670) text: CUT TO: the Dal-Tex shooter.  We see Kennedy from his poi of view, and the Zapruder film in slow motion.
0) 1672) text: CUT TO: the sixth floor shooter firing rapidly and missin Kennedy but hitting Connally (stand in).
0) 1680) text: CUT TO: sixth floor spotter dumping the Mannlicher - Carc in a corner as he leaves... and then to the Dal-Tex spott and shooter, who break down the gun and move out... and t to the spotter with the fence shooter, who quickly breaks down the weapon, throwing it in the trunk of a car parked the fence.  He walks away.  The fence shooter, dressed as policeman, blends with the crowd. CUT TO: the umbrella man and the Cuban sitting quietly  together on the north side of the curb of Elm Street. CUT TO: stunned, confused, people in the crowd - some lyi on the ground, some running for the Grassy Knoll. Back in the courtroom, patrolman Joe Smith is on the stan
0) 1682) text: FLASHBACK TO: the picket fence area where, with his gun d Smith rushes across to a man standing by a car who reacts quickly, producing credentials.  He is one of the hoboes. There's a strange moment when the camera moves from Smith eyes to the man's fingernails.
0) 1685) text: Back in the courtroom, Liz is totally absorbed.  Jim exch looks with her.  The camera movies in for a close - up of Jim.
0) 1687) text: FLASHBACK TO: the three hoboes being arrested ... marchin across Dealey Plaza.  The hoboes look familiar now.
0) 1691) text: In the second floor lunchroom of the Book Depository we s Carolyn Arnold, a pregnant secretary, crossing past Oswal who is in a booth.
0) 1693) text: On the sixth floor of the depository, Bonnie Ray Williams eating a chicken lunch, alone.
0) 1698) text: We see footage of J.F.K. coming up Houston - waving. Oswald walks into the second floor lunchroom as policeman Marrion Baker runs in, gun at his side.  He is about 30 f from Oswald.  Roy Truly, the superintendent, runs in a mo later.
0) 1702) text: Oswald reacts as if hearing it for the first time.  Truly and Baker continue running up the stairs.  Oswald proceed to get a Coke and continues out of the room. CUT TO: the sixth floor, where we see Oswald as the shoot After firing, he runs full speed for the stairs, stashing the rifle on the other side of the loft.  Our camera foll him roughly down stairs - we hear the loud sound of his s banging on the hollow wood - to the lunchroom, where Patr Baker and Superintendent Truly run in.  Then they start t repeat the same action as seen in the previous scene.
0) 1704) text: CUT TO: the second floor.  Oswald ambles past Mrs. Reid, secretary in the second floor office, on his way out, Cok bottle in hand and wearing his usual dreamy look... there a lingering close - up on his face.
0) 1706) text: Outside, we see Oswald stroll out the door of the Book  Depository into the crowd.  He heads for the bus stop to east.
0) 1710) text: FLASHBACK TO: Oswald's boarding house.  Oswald enters his room, passing Earlene Roberts, the heavyset white houseke
0) 1713) text: The camera closes in on Oswald's perplexed face.  Earlene peeks out the shades as she hears two short honks on a ho Outside is a black police car driven by Tippit.  Also in car is the fence shooter, dressed as a Dallas policeman. The car drives by, honks twice, waits, then moves away.   During this visual, we see the fence shooter changing his uniform into civilian clothes.
0) 1715) text: On a street, Oswald walks alone, fast.  A police car pull up alongside him on 10th Street.  Oswald leans on the  passenger side of the window.  Officer Tippit, suspicious gets out to question him.  Oswald pulls his .38 revolver shoots him down in the street with 5 shots.
0) 1717) text: Domingo Benavides, hidden in his truck only a few yards a watches as another unidentified man (not seen before) sho and walks away.
0) 1719) text: We see Acquilla Clemons, a black woman, looking on.  She  watches as two men kill Tippit.  One of them resembles th fence shooter.  The other one is a mystery figure, seen b in the fringes.  The men walk off quickly in opposite  directions.  We notice a policeman's uniform hanging in t back seat of Tippit's car.
0) 1723) text: On a Dallas avenue near the Texas Theatre, Oswald moves a spooked.  Police cars roar by with sirens blaring.  Johnn Brewer, in a shoestore, spots him and follows him.
0) 1725) text: Outside the Texas Theatre Oswald walks past the cashier, is out on the sidewalk watching the police cars go by.  A double feature is playing - Cry of Battle with Van Heflin and War is Hell.  He goes in. CUT TO: 30 officers arriving at the theatre in a fleet of patrol cars.
0) 1727) text: Inside the theatre, Cry of Battle is on the screen.  Twel to fourteen spectators sit scattered between the balcony ground floor.  Brewer leads the officers onto the stage a the lights come on.  He points to Oswald.
0) 1729) text: The cops advance on Oswald, who jumps up, as if expecting be shot.
0) 1732) text: Scared, Oswald takes a swing at a policeman.  He pulls ou his gun.  The officers close in on him from the rear and  front.  A wrestling and shoving match ensues.  One office gets a chokehold on Oswald and another one hits him.
0) 1734) text: Outside the theatre, Oswald, his eye blackened, is led ou by the phalanx of officers.  They are surrounded by an an crowd.
0) 1737) text: At the Dallas police station, Dallas Police Captain Will  Fritz takes a call from a high official in Washington.  I the background we notice Lee Oswald continuing to be  questioned by federal agents.  We hear Johnson's distinct Texas drawl but we never see him.
0) 1744) text: The camera closes in on Oswald in the background.  He tur to an unseen Deputy, sad.
0) 1747) text: In an underground police garage, we see Jack Ruby being  allowed in via an interior staircase by his police contac He moves towards the outer edge of reporters, nervous. Oswald comes out with his two guards.  We see a repeat of the assassination in stop time... Ruby's eyes, Oswald's.. do they recognize each other?
0) 1749) text: We see Oswald dying on the floor of the police station. paramedic pushes in and starts administering artificial  respiration, which only aggravates the internal hemorrhag At a Texas cemetery, Oswald's mother weeps.  Oswald is bu with a few people present, but there are no details, no d We see Marina whisked out by agents. CUT TO Kennedy's funeral, which, in contrast, attracts  thousands of mourners.
0) 1751) text: FLASHBACK TO X: reading about it in the New Zealand Airpo and then back to the courtroom in 1969.
0) 1753) text: Liz watches, moved.  Susie, Al and Numa are also there fo the summation.  Even Lou Ivon has come back to support hi friend.
0) 1757) text: The camera holds on onlookers shuffling and murmuring.  C Shaw smirks, smoking his cigarette.  The very grandiosity the charge works in his favor.  Jim is falling apart from built - up strain and fatigue.  He looks over at Liz,  gathering his spirit.
0) 1763) text: There's jubilation and commotion in the Court.  Shaw stan happily shaking hands all over... Members of the press ru for the phones.  In the corridor outside the courtroom, t press interviews the jury foreman.
0) 1765) text: The camera moves to Jim, who walks out past the banks of  reporters.  TV lights are in his face.  Liz is by his sid
0) 1770) text: He and Liz squeeze hands as they walk on.
0) 1776) text: CUT TO: a New York lunch club or executive dining room.   From the window we have a towering view of the City.  Fou men in their 50's to 70's - old men, rich men, talk at a  quiet table.  Their figures are shadowy and we overhear t conversation obliquely, across faces flared out by sun  bouncing off the skyscraper window.
0) 1788) text: We see a general meeting with another general.  They talk
0) 1790) text: FLASHBACK TO: the White House, 1962.  A general talks to of Kennedy's staff - a bespectacled, bright young Harvard type.
0) 1794) text: The camera shows Washington, D.C. buildings from strange  angles.  The feeling is still, weird, angled, alien.  The buildings are twisted.
0) 1811) text: FLASHBACK TO: one of the hobo pictures.  Next to the frei entrance of the Book Depository, Y, in a dark suit, is  nonchalantly walking past the hoboes, his back to us.  Th camera closes in on Y.
0) 1817) text: FLASHBACK TO: the White House, 1963.  Johnson sits across the shadowed room with Lodge and others.  His Texas drawl rises and falls.  He signs something unseen.