0) 1202) dialog: Oh yes, I used to go over there a  lot to see Jack and especially my  friend Jada who danced there.  It  was the real swinging spot in town.   Everybody came.  Businessmen,  politicians from Austin, Lyndon  Johnson's friends... Dallas was a  slow town back then.  You chewed  toothpicks, played dominos, spit and  dated policemen.  But Jack's was  exciting.  There were always cops  there.  Jack liked 'em around, but  he used to throw the drunks out  himself, 'cause he was kinda a violent- tempered man... it seemed everybody  in those days knew Jack was with the  Mob.  The cops were "bad" back then -  they'd shake you down for the money  in your pocket.  They put a lotta  people in the cemetery, especially  colored people.
0) 1204) text: Jada and Beverly sit down at the table with Ferrie, Oswal and Jack, with Jack doing the buying.  It's too loud to h anything.
0) 1205) dialog: Oh, yeah.  One time I came in, Jack  introduces me to these two guys.  He  said, "Beverly, this is my friend  Lee..." and I didn't catch the other  guy's name.  He was a weird-looking  guy with those funny little eyebrows.   The other guy, Lee, didn't make much  of an impression either.  He wasn't  good-looking or nuthin', he didn't  look like he had any money, and he  was in a bad mood, so I didn't pay  him much mind.  Well, I might not  remember a name, but I always remember  a face.  When I saw him tow weeks  later on the television, I screamed,  "Oh, my God - that's him!  That's  Jack's friend!"  I knew right then  it had something to do with the  Mafia... Well, about a week later,  after she told the newspapers she'd  met this guy Lee with Jack, Jada  disappears off the face of the  Earth...
0) 1207) dialog: Never knew what happened to her till  Herman offered to sell me her  wardrobe.  I said, "but Jada's coming  back," and I remember the way he  smiled... and I knew she was never  coming back.
0) 1210) dialog: I don't think so, sir.
0) 1212) dialog: I just don't want to become another  statistic like her.  If they can  kill the President, do you think  they're gonna think twice about a  two-bit showgirl like me?