0) 1227) text: Jim looks, reliving the moment. Later Jim and Lou stand on the south side of Elm Street i Dealey Plaza talking to Jean Hill, an attractive, 30-ish  teacher.  Her demeanor has a rock-solid Texas back-countr conviction to it; she's a woman not easily frightened.
0) 1228) dialog: I was standing here next to my friend  Mary Mooman, who took the photograph  when he was killed...
0) 1230) dialog: I jumped out in the street and yelled,  "Hey Mr. President, look over here,  we wanna take your picture."  He  looked up and then shots rang out.   Mary fell to the ground right away,  shouting, "Get down, they're shooting,  get down, they're shooting." I knew  it but I was moving to get closer to  him.  The driver had stopped - I  don't know what was wrong with that  driver.  And then, out of the corner  of my eye, I saw this flash of light,  in the bushes and that last shot...  just ripped his head off, I mean,  blood, brains, just blew everything...
0) 1232) dialog: I looked up and saw smoke from the  Knoll.  And everything was frozen -  seemed like people wasn't even  breathing, like you're looking at a  picture - except this one guy.  I  saw this one guy running from the  Book Depository towards the railroad  tracks.  And that was the same man I  saw on TV two days later shooting  Oswald.  That was Jack Ruby.  No  question about it.
0) 1234) dialog: It was him I was chasing up the Grassy  Knoll, thinking our guys had shot  back and maybe we got one of them.   I don't know what I would have done  if I had caught him, but I knew  something terrible had happened and  somebody had to do something.
0) 1236) dialog: I never did catch him.  All I saw in  that parking area were railroad  workers and Dallas' finest.
0) 1239) dialog: Oh no, I'm not.  I don't know you.   We gotta catch this shooter - don't  you realize?
0) 1241) dialog: ...he put a hurt on me but good.
0) 1242) dialog: I don't have any pictures!  I have  to go back and find my friend Mary.   Lemme alone!
0) 1246) dialog: These new people never identified  themselves.  They musta been watching  the whole thing 'cause they knew  everything Mary and me had been doing  that day.  I guess I wasn't too hard  to find - wearing that red raincoat.
0) 1248) dialog: Four to six.
0) 1250) dialog: ...which is strange 'cause this is  less than 20 minutes after the  assassination.
0) 1251) dialog: No, I saw a guy shooting from over  there.  He was behind that fence.   What are you going to do about it?
0) 1253) dialog: I was scared.  It was all kinda queer,  but it sure felt like two and two  was coming up three... and then they  took Mary's five snapshots from me,  sent them to Washington, and when  they returned them weeks later, two  of them had the backgrounds  mutilated... The only one we saved  was in Mary's camera.  I didn't want  to go to Washington when the Warren  Commission subpoenaed me... so the  lawyer come down here and interviewed  me at Parkland Hospital.
0) 1254) text: In a Parkland Hospital office in 1964, a lawyer interview Jean Hill.  A female stenographer takes notes.
0) 1255) dialog: He asked me why I thought I was in  danger and I said:
0) 1256) dialog: Well if they can kill the President,  they can certainly get me.
0) 1258) dialog: No, you don't!
0) 1259) dialog: He kept trying to get me to change  my story about the shots.  He was  getting hot under the collar, and  telling the woman not to write when  he wanted.
0) 1260) dialog: Look, do you want the truth, or just  what you want me to say?
0) 1262) dialog: The truth is that I heard between  four and six shots.  I'm not going  to lie for you.
0) 1264) dialog: No.  I had guns all my life.  I used  to go turtle shooting.
0) 1266) dialog: So off the record, he starts talking  about my family, and even mentioned  my marriage was in trouble like I  didn't know it or something.  He got  angrier and angrier and then:
0) 1268) dialog: I knew something was crooked as a  dog's hind leg, 'cause no one who is  just taking a deposition gets that  involved and angry... sure enough,  when I finally read my testimony as  published by the Warren Commission,  it was a fabrication from start to  finish.
0) 1271) dialog: (without hesitation) Damned right I would.  Somebody's  got to tell the truth around here  'cause the Government sure ain't  doing it.
0) 1662) text: The camera is on Kennedy waving.  A MONTAGE follows - all the faces in the square that we've introduced in the movi now appear one after the other, watching - the killers, t man with the umbrella, the Newman family, Mary Moorman  photographing, Jean Hill, Abraham Zapruder filming it, S. Holland, Patrolman Harkness... INTERCUT with the Zapruder and Nix films on J.F.K. in the final seconds coming abrea of the Stemmons Freeway sign.