0) 26) text: A motorcycle officer paralleling the Kennedy car tries to use his radio. It's jammed.  The sound of the jammed Dictabelt drives th rest of the sequence. We see Zapruder, a short middle - aged man, shooting his film from the Grassy Knoll, and then we see Jackie Kenned floating on film, her voice, high, soft:
0) 1154) dialog: Name?  First, middle, last.
0) 1181) text: She glances over at the man in the driver's seat.  It's J Ruby, wearing a green jacket.  Then she sees a young whit man in his mid - 20's, in a gray jacket, brown pants, pla shirt and wool stocking hat, getting out of the passenger side, going to the rear of the van, opening a tool compar and removing a package that looks like a rifle wrapped in paper.  He walks up the embankment in the direction of th picket fence.  Ruby looks over and stares at Julia Ann, w turns away and notices three police officers standing nea motorcycle on the overpass bridge.  Her eyes lock with Ru a second time and as the traffic moves, she drives on.
0) 1560) text: TIME CUT TO Jim calling Officer Habighorst to testify.
0) 1562) text: Habighorst, the clean-cut police officer who booked Clay  Shaw on the day of his arrest, starts forward.
0) 1618) text: FLASHBACK TO: the Bethesda autopsy room in 1963.  The roo is crammed with military officers, Secret Service men and at the center, three intimidated doctors.  Pictures are b taken as they remove bullet fragments.
0) 1715) text: On a street, Oswald walks alone, fast.  A police car pull up alongside him on 10th Street.  Oswald leans on the  passenger side of the window.  Officer Tippit, suspicious gets out to question him.  Oswald pulls his .38 revolver shoots him down in the street with 5 shots.
0) 1725) text: Outside the Texas Theatre Oswald walks past the cashier, is out on the sidewalk watching the police cars go by.  A double feature is playing - Cry of Battle with Van Heflin and War is Hell.  He goes in. CUT TO: 30 officers arriving at the theatre in a fleet of patrol cars.
0) 1727) text: Inside the theatre, Cry of Battle is on the screen.  Twel to fourteen spectators sit scattered between the balcony ground floor.  Brewer leads the officers onto the stage a the lights come on.  He points to Oswald.
0) 1732) text: Scared, Oswald takes a swing at a policeman.  He pulls ou his gun.  The officers close in on him from the rear and  front.  A wrestling and shoving match ensues.  One office gets a chokehold on Oswald and another one hits him.
0) 1734) text: Outside the theatre, Oswald, his eye blackened, is led ou by the phalanx of officers.  They are surrounded by an an crowd.
0) 1796) text: In a Pentagon office, a man in civilian clothing is on th phone, his back to the screen.  This is Mr. Y, X's superi officer.  Shadows pervade the room.  An unshuttered windo overlooks the Potomac River and the White House.