0) 83) text: Police are saying there could be a tie - in here to the m of the President. TELEVISION INSERT:  Lee Harvey Oswald, a bruise over his  right temple, is apprehended at the Texas Theatre.
0) 85) text: TELEVISION INSERT:  Oswald is booked at the station.  A s young man, 24, he claims to the press:
0) 86) dialog: No, I don't know what I'm charged  with... I don't know what dispatches  you people have been given, but I  emphatically deny these charges.
0) 88) text: The room bursts out with an accumulated fury at the young Oswald - a tremendous release of tension.  On the TV we s the excitement in the newsmen's eyes; they all sense that this is the break they're looking for in the case. Garrison and Ivon watch the TV, and then Garrison stands pays the bill.
0) 91) text: As they leave, the camera holds on the image of Oswald.
0) 111) dialog: I didn't shoot anybody, no sir.  I'm  just a patsy.
0) 114) text: TELEVISION IMAGE: Oswald in front of the cameras, on a  platform.
0) 115) dialog: Well, I was questioned by a judge.   However, I protested at the time  that I was not allowed legal  representation during that very short  and sweet hearing.  Uh, I really  don't know what the situation is  about.  Nobody has told me anything  except that I am accused of, uh,  murdering a policeman.  I know nothing  more than that and I do request that  someone come forward to give me, uh,  legal assistance.
0) 117) dialog: No.  I have not been charged with  that.  In fact nobody has said that  to me yet.  The first thing I heard  about it was when the newspaper  reporters in the hall, uh, asked me  that question.
0) 119) dialog: Sir?
0) 121) text: Oswald seems shocked.
0) 124) text: Oswald looks over and spots Ruby in the back of the room, a table.  Recognition is in his eyes.  The police start t move him out.
0) 126) dialog: A policeman hit me.
0) 132) text: Jim moves to the phone as Liz starts the kids up the stai The TV cuts to stills of Oswald's life.  Two newsmen sit a studio, smoking, sharing information.
0) 143) text: Oswald was seen with him several times last summer.
0) 147) text: On the TV we see the first image of the "backyard photos" Lee Harvey Oswald holding the rifle.
0) 158) text: TELEVISION IMAGE: The basement of the Dallas police  headquarters - waiting.  Men mill around as Oswald is led out of the basement by two deputies.  Jack Ruby rushes fo out of the crowd - and into history - putting his sealing bullet into Oswald.  Total chaos erupts... The camera is on the staff, looking.  We hear gasps.
0) 164) text: We see images of Oswald being lifted onto the stretcher,  into the ambulance, and the newscaster crouching, whisper Everybody in the room is stunned still.
0) 312) text: Lou gets it and glances up.  We FLASHBACK TO the exterior 544 Camp Street in 1963.  Lee Oswald comes out the door i a full close-up, now clearly seen by us, and heads out in the street as Guy Banister intercepts him on the sidewalk holding a leaflet and point to "544 Camp Street stamped o it.  Guy seems miffed at Oswald, tells him something quic and then moves on.
0) 316) text: FLASHBACK to Canal Street in New Orleans on a summer day 1963.  Oswald, in a thin tie and white short-sleeved shir and wearing a homemade placard reading "Hands Off Cuba";  "Viva Fidel!", is hawking leaflets to pedestrians with tw young helpers. A large white-haired businessman in a white suit, very  distinguished, walks with a friend on Canal Street.  Oswa glances at him and meets his eyes.  The businessman enter an office building.  This man is Clay Bertrand, later kno as Clay Shaw. Some Cubans, led by Carols Bringuier, now appear.  One of them, "the Bull", is heavy-set with dark glasses.  More o him will also be seen.
0) 319) text: Carlos throws Oswald's leaflets in the air and pulls off glasses, prepared to fight.  Oswald only smiles, and puts his arms down in an X of passivity.
0) 320) dialog: Okay, Carlos, if you want to hit me,  hit me.
0) 321) text: There is no real fight, but the police, as if pre-alerted arrive. Arrests are made.  We see Oswald in a room in the police  station, talking with FBI Agent John Quigley.  A calendar the wall shows that it's August, 1963.
0) 323) text: In a television studio in 1963, Oswald debates Carlos  Bringuier with two moderators.
0) 326) dialog: No, I am not a Communist.  But I am  a Marxist-Leninist.
0) 328) dialog: (defensive) I worked while I was there.  I was  always under the protection of...  that is to say, I was not under the  protection of the U.S. Government.
0) 374) text: At the guerrilla training camp at Lake Pontchartrain in 1 we see scenes of basic training - shooting, obstacle cour callisthenics - led by Ferrie and other trainers.  Scatte among the Cubans are several white American mercenaries. catch a glimpse of Oswald and glimpses of several other m we will see again, in sprinklings.
0) 393) text: FLASHBACK to Banisters office on a day in 1963.  Martin i snooping in Banister's files.  Cut to Martin leaving the  office as a big businessman with white hair briefly talks Oswald and then goes into Banister's private office.
0) 440) text: She talked to a cop from a hospital bed two days before t assassination, said Kennedy would be hit that Friday.  Sh said she was a dope runner for Jack Ruby and that Ruby kn Oswald for years...
0) 450) text: FLASHBACK TO Moscow in 1959.  We see shots of the city -  strange and eerie black-and-white stills.  Inside the U.S Embassy Oswald slaps his passport on the table with a for letter.  Two consuls attend him.
0) 451) dialog: (voice stilted) I want to renounce my citizenship  and become a Soviet citizen.  I'm  going to make known to them all  information I have concerning the  Marine Corps and my specialty therein,  radar operation...
0) 453) text: Continuing the Moscow flashback, we see Oswald talking wi a female journalist in his small room in the Hotel Metrop Again he sounds robotic.
0) 454) dialog: I will never return to the United  States for any reason.  It is a  capitalist country, an exploitive,  racist country.  I am a Marxist since  I was 15.  I've seen poor niggers  and that was a real lesson.  People  hate because they're told to hate,  like school kids.  It's the fashion  to hate people in the U.S.
0) 456) text: We see photos of the city of Minks, in Russia, Oswald wit various friends and tourists, shots of Lee and Marina wit new baby.
0) 476) text: FLASHBACK TO a Forth Worth map factory.  We see Oswald at work on photo mattes with a Minox spy camera.  The camera shows close-ups of maps and then flashes to a hand in the photographic section.  We see a close-up of Oswald's head a photograph - the same headshot that will be superimpose on the Oswald photo - and a razor blade cutting mattes.
0) 480) text: FLASHBACK TO Fort Worth in 1963.  In Oswald's cheap apart seven White Russians, including George de Mohrenschildt, distinguished grey-haired man in his late fifties, are  visiting Marina and Oswald, bringing old dresses, groceri and toys and milk for the crying baby, whose cradle is tw suitcases.
0) 485) text: We see Oswald and de Mohrenschildt talking with the other and a magazine cover with J.F.K. the subject of discussio
0) 486) dialog: I think he's made some mistakes on  Cuba, but he's doing a pretty good  job.  If he succeeds, in my opinion,  he'll be a great President.  And a  really attractive one too - open  features, great head of hair... (laughs)
0) 489) text: TIME CUT TO Oswald's apartment on a different day in 1963 George de Mohrenschildt points out a Mannlicher-Carcano r in the closet, turns to Lee.
0) 491) text: Lee's look is sickly.  He freezes up. RESUME scene of White Russian gathering in Oswald's apart
0) 496) text: We see Oswald and another man in the Texas School Book  Depository in 1963.  They are hauling and stacking school textbooks - an obviously lower-level job for Oswald after the map factory.  We cut ahead to empty graphics of the s off area, the window site, the cafeteria.
0) 501) text: We see Marina and Oswald in bed at night in the Williams' house, in a tender scene.  Oswald says goodbye to his chi TIME CUT TO Oswald living in a boarding house.  It is at  night, and he sits in his room alone.  The housekeeper,  Earlene Roberts, heavyset, white, in her 60's, comes in a asks him if he wants to watch some TV with her.  He decli
0) 556) text: Sudden FLASHBACK to Andrews' office on a day in 1963.  Cl Bertrand sits, back to us, talking to Andrews.  He has cl cropped white hair.  He is the same patrician man we've s earlier with Oswald on Canal Street and in Banister's off Andrews is evidently lying.
0) 617) text: FLASHBACK TO Dave Ferrie's apartment on a night in 1963. The place is filled messy bricabrac, including two dozen  mouse cages for Ferrie's cancer experiments.  Ferrie,  Bertrand, O'Keefe, and four Cubans in battle fatigues are laughing and fooling around.  Oswald is in a corner clean a .22 rifle with a scope on it.  He looks different, unke unshaven.  A record player grinds out a speech in Spanish Castro.  Some other people are there as well - it's a bea scene: sandals, hanging out, only one woman.  Ferrie is t pictures throughout of the group horsing around, photogra Oswald.
0) 623) dialog: (sullen, to Ferrie) What the fuck's he doing here?
0) 625) text: Ferrie separates them.  Oswald seems to resent an outside being there.
0) 637) text: TIMECUT TO later that night, when only O'Keefe, Ferrie,  Bertrand, Oswald and three Cubans are left.
0) 646) text: Oswald looks up, listens quietly.
0) 653) text: Oswald listens, playing with his rifle.  Bertrand suddenl turns cold, flashing a look at Ferrie.
0) 667) text: FLASHBACK TO the Lincoln-Mercury dealership.  Oswald is  deliberately kept in half or three quarter shots - a myst figure.  He kicks the tires on a used red Mercury Comet,  cocky.
0) 668) dialog: Let's take it out for a test drive. The salesman, Bogard, is hesitant.  "Oswald" doesn't look like he's got a dime to his name.
0) 669) dialog: 
0) 671) text: In the next scene we see the car, driven by "Oswald", zoo up the ramp and disappearing onto the freeway.
0) 675) text: "Oswald", unhappy, starts to leave.
0) 676) dialog: Who you kidding!  For this heap?   Forget it...  No honest working man  can afford a car anymore in the  goddamn country!  Maybe I'll have to  go back to Russia to buy a car...
0) 682) dialog: Hey, sorry, buddy.  I just thought  it was that sonofabitch Kennedy,  y'know.  I couldn't help myself. (laughs)
0) 685) text: FLASHBACK TO the corridor of Silvia Odio's apartment in D on a night in 1963.  Oswald drags behind two Cubans - one "the Bull", heavyset with a scar over his left eye, who w saw at the Canal Street incident, and the other, "the Ind is quiet and cold.  The men ring the doorbell and talk to concerned Silvia as Oswald hangs back, watching, in the  shadows.  The men give her intimate information about her father, who is imprisoned in Cuba.  The men chatter ad li in Spanish.
0) 689) text: Silvia Odio is surprised to hear this information volunte "The Bull's" eyes are on "Oswaldo", outside the booth wit "the Indian".  They're hanging out, talking to a mystery  man, an Anglo.
0) 691) text: Jim looks at the famous photo... the camera closes in on heavyset man who looks nothing like Oswald.  Liz has come back in and overhears.
0) 696) text: FLASHBACK TO the Dallas Homicide Office in 1963.  Oswald being interrogated by Will Fritz, Dallas Homicide Chief, shows him the original of the photo from the Williams gar
0) 697) dialog: That's not me.
0) 699) dialog: Well, I never saw that picture.  It  is my face, but my face has been  super-imposed - the rest of the  picture is not me at all.  I've done  a lot of photographic work, and that  picture was made by someone else.
0) 701) dialog: Well, you're the policeman, you work  it out.
0) 923) text: FLASHBACK TO Ferrie at the party with Oswald (obscured) p Willie O'Keefe's witness.  Jim, in the present, doesn't f right about it.
0) 1272) text: DISSOLVE TO a scene inside the Texas School Book Deposito in 1967.  Jim and Lou walk the floor and look out the win Lou has a Mannlicher-Carcano in his hand with a sight and clip.  We see Oswald's supposed view of the limousine as pulls the trigger.  Now, innocuous traffic goes by, but t iris of the camera tightens into a sniper's scope.
0) 1274) text: Lou cocks the Mannlicher for the first shot.  Jim looks a this watch. Lou assumes the Oswald pose, crouched at the window aimin out.
0) 1310) text: Lou walks to another window in the empty Book Depository  where Oswald supposedly did his dirty deed and looks out  over the plaza, with all its ghosts.  Jim and Lou are two men - with only two men's power.  A terrible aloneness  pervades their minds.
0) 1313) text: FLASHBACK TO 1963 - the sixth floor of the Texas School B Depository - the same place Jim and Lou are now.  Jim loo around and sees one shooter and one spotter with a lunchb radio, in repairman clothes.  Jim is watching.  Neither o these men is Oswald.  We hear the sounds of the motorcade below.  The shooter pulls the trigger on the Carcano.  A  loud frightening sound snaps Jim back to the present.
0) 1334) text: FLASHBACK TO Dallas FBI Office in 1963.  Oswald is at the counter addressing the female receptionist.
0) 1335) dialog: I want to see Special Agent Hosty.
0) 1337) dialog: Can I use a pen?
0) 1344) text: FLASHBACK TO Oswald, under arrest, meeting with Quigley.
0) 1352) text: FLASHBACK TO a Dallas safe house in 1963.  Oswald, Ruby, several Cubans including the Bull and the Indian are talk
0) 1354) text: Underneath the voice-over we hear and see Oswald, with a  floor plan of the Book Depository, at the center of the g Jack Ruby, Bull, and the Indian, two or three young Cuban and a young white shooter - the man in the plaid shirt  described by Julia Ann Mercer - are also there.
0) 1355) dialog: (to the two young  Cubans) I can get you in and up there.  This  is a shot out the southeast window  of the sixth floor.  That floor will  be unoccupied between noon and one.
0) 1357) dialog: I can close it off.  The only access  is a stairwell.
0) 1360) dialog: (his back to the screen) ...if we can get the motorcade to  turn from Main onto Houston, that'll  do the trick, 'cause it'll slow down  to make the turn here.  You can't  miss. (to the two young  Cubans) He's a dead duck.
0) 1361) text: Ruby shares a look with Bull unbeknownst to Oswald, and t we see the looks on the faces of Jim's team.
0) 1642) text: FLASHBACK TO: the Book Depository, 1963.  A shooter and t spotters dressed as working men move into the Oswald spot One spotter produces the Mannlicher-Carcano.
0) 1698) text: We see footage of J.F.K. coming up Houston - waving. Oswald walks into the second floor lunchroom as policeman Marrion Baker runs in, gun at his side.  He is about 30 f from Oswald.  Roy Truly, the superintendent, runs in a mo later.
0) 1702) text: Oswald reacts as if hearing it for the first time.  Truly and Baker continue running up the stairs.  Oswald proceed to get a Coke and continues out of the room. CUT TO: the sixth floor, where we see Oswald as the shoot After firing, he runs full speed for the stairs, stashing the rifle on the other side of the loft.  Our camera foll him roughly down stairs - we hear the loud sound of his s banging on the hollow wood - to the lunchroom, where Patr Baker and Superintendent Truly run in.  Then they start t repeat the same action as seen in the previous scene.
0) 1704) text: CUT TO: the second floor.  Oswald ambles past Mrs. Reid, secretary in the second floor office, on his way out, Cok bottle in hand and wearing his usual dreamy look... there a lingering close - up on his face.
0) 1706) text: Outside, we see Oswald stroll out the door of the Book  Depository into the crowd.  He heads for the bus stop to east.
0) 1710) text: FLASHBACK TO: Oswald's boarding house.  Oswald enters his room, passing Earlene Roberts, the heavyset white houseke
0) 1713) text: The camera closes in on Oswald's perplexed face.  Earlene peeks out the shades as she hears two short honks on a ho Outside is a black police car driven by Tippit.  Also in car is the fence shooter, dressed as a Dallas policeman. The car drives by, honks twice, waits, then moves away.   During this visual, we see the fence shooter changing his uniform into civilian clothes.
0) 1715) text: On a street, Oswald walks alone, fast.  A police car pull up alongside him on 10th Street.  Oswald leans on the  passenger side of the window.  Officer Tippit, suspicious gets out to question him.  Oswald pulls his .38 revolver shoots him down in the street with 5 shots.
0) 1723) text: On a Dallas avenue near the Texas Theatre, Oswald moves a spooked.  Police cars roar by with sirens blaring.  Johnn Brewer, in a shoestore, spots him and follows him.
0) 1725) text: Outside the Texas Theatre Oswald walks past the cashier, is out on the sidewalk watching the police cars go by.  A double feature is playing - Cry of Battle with Van Heflin and War is Hell.  He goes in. CUT TO: 30 officers arriving at the theatre in a fleet of patrol cars.
0) 1727) text: Inside the theatre, Cry of Battle is on the screen.  Twel to fourteen spectators sit scattered between the balcony ground floor.  Brewer leads the officers onto the stage a the lights come on.  He points to Oswald.
0) 1729) text: The cops advance on Oswald, who jumps up, as if expecting be shot.
0) 1730) dialog: This is it!
0) 1732) text: Scared, Oswald takes a swing at a policeman.  He pulls ou his gun.  The officers close in on him from the rear and  front.  A wrestling and shoving match ensues.  One office gets a chokehold on Oswald and another one hits him.
0) 1734) text: Outside the theatre, Oswald, his eye blackened, is led ou by the phalanx of officers.  They are surrounded by an an crowd.
0) 1737) text: At the Dallas police station, Dallas Police Captain Will  Fritz takes a call from a high official in Washington.  I the background we notice Lee Oswald continuing to be  questioned by federal agents.  We hear Johnson's distinct Texas drawl but we never see him.
0) 1744) text: The camera closes in on Oswald in the background.  He tur to an unseen Deputy, sad.
0) 1745) dialog: Now everyone will know who I am.
0) 1747) text: In an underground police garage, we see Jack Ruby being  allowed in via an interior staircase by his police contac He moves towards the outer edge of reporters, nervous. Oswald comes out with his two guards.  We see a repeat of the assassination in stop time... Ruby's eyes, Oswald's.. do they recognize each other?
0) 1749) text: We see Oswald dying on the floor of the police station. paramedic pushes in and starts administering artificial  respiration, which only aggravates the internal hemorrhag At a Texas cemetery, Oswald's mother weeps.  Oswald is bu with a few people present, but there are no details, no d We see Marina whisked out by agents. CUT TO Kennedy's funeral, which, in contrast, attracts  thousands of mourners.