0) 434) text: Susie Cox arrives.
0) 447) dialog: Negative on his tax records.   Classified.  First time I know a  D.A. can't get a tax record.  I put  together a list of all the CIA files  on Oswald that were part of the Warren  Report and asked for them.  There  are about 1200 documents... (gives it to Jim who  reads) Oswald in the USSR, in Mexico City,  Oswald and the U2, a CIA 201 personnel  file, a memo from the Director on  Oswald, travel and activities - can't  get one of them.  All classified as  secret on the grounds of national  security.  It's real strange.
0) 449) dialog: Yes, but we're talking about a dead  warehouse employee of no political  significance.  Three years later and  he's still classified?  They gave us  his grammar school records, a study  of his pubic hairs... Put it in  context, Bill, of what we know about  Oswald.  Lonely kid, no father,  unstable childhood, high school  dropout - wants to grow up and be a  spy, joins the Marines at 17.  He  learns Russian, he acts overtly  Marxist with two other marines, but  he's stationed at a top secret base  in Japan where U2 spy flights over  Russia originate.  He's discharged  from the Marines supposedly because  his mother's sick.  He stays home 3  days, then with a $1500 ticket from  a $203 bank account, he goes to  Moscow...
0) 452) dialog: One of the consuls, John McVickar,  says Oswald's performance was not  spontaneous - it seemed coached.   Oswald gives an interview to a  journalist.
0) 455) dialog: The Russians are skeptical - want to  send him back.  Maybe they suspect  he's a spy.  He supposedly slashes  his wrists in a suicide attempt so  that they're forced to keep him, and  he disappears for six weeks,  presumably with the KGB.
0) 457) dialog: Finally they shuttle him to a radio  factory in Minks where he lives as  high on the hog as he ever has -  he's given 5,000 rubles, a roomy  apartment with a balcony, has affairs  with local girls.
0) 459) dialog: But he never writes, speaks, or does  any propaganda for the Russians.  He  meets Marina, whose uncle is a colonel  in Soviet intelligence, at a trade  union dance; she thinks he's Russian  the way he speaks, six weeks later  they marry, have a daughter.
0) 463) dialog: I don't know if it's coincidence,  but Oswald had a top security  clearance and knew about the U2  program from his days at Atsugi Air  Base in Japan.  Six months after he  arrives in Russia, Francis Gary  Powers' U2 spy flight goes down in  Russia.  That plane was untouchable.   Powers hinted that Oswald could've  given the Russians enough data to  hit it.  As a direct result, the  peace summit between Khrushchev and  Eisenhower failed.  I can't help  thinking of that book Seven Days In  May, maybe someone in our military  didn't want the Peace Conference to  happen, maybe Oswald was part of  that.  It gets weirder.
0) 465) dialog: You want facts, Bill?  Okay.  From  1945 to '59 only two U.S. soldiers  defect to Russia.  From '59 to '60,  seven defect, six return, one of  them another Marine a month before  Oswald.  All of them young men made  to seem poor, disenchanted.
0) 467) dialog: None!  The State Department issues  him a new passport in 48 hours and  loans him the money to travel.  He's  never investigated or charged by the  Navy for revealing classified  information or, as far as we know,  debriefed by the CIA.
0) 469) dialog: The FBI finally gets around to talking  to him in Dallas and runs a file on  him as a miscreant Communist type.
0) 472) dialog: Spas T. Raikin, a leading member of  an anti-Communist group.
0) 474) dialog: None either.  It's bizarre.  It's  next to impossible to get Russian  sweethearts out.  Nor does Lee have  any problem getting a new passport  when he wants to go to Cuba and Russia  in '63.  A man who has defected once  already.  It's crazy.
0) 477) dialog: The next thing we know he's living  in Dallas/Ft. Worth in October '62  working 6 months at Jaggars-Chiles- Stovall, a photographic firm that  contracts to make maps for the U.S.  Army... He starts work only days  before the government reveals Russian  missiles in Cuba and the crisis  explodes.  Oswald may have had access  to missile site footage obtained by  the U2 planes and works alongside a  young man who'd been in the Army  Security Agency.
0) 479) dialog: Equally incongruous is Oswald becoming  chummy with the White Russian  community of Dallas - all rabid anti- Communists.
0) 481) dialog: His closest friend is an oilman named  George de Mohrenschildt who's about  35 years older than Oswald, who's  only 23 and supposedly broke.  De  Mohrenschildt is a member of the  Dallas Petroleum Club, speaks five  languages and was in French Vichy  Intelligence during the War.  Also  rumoured to have been a Nazi  sympathizer and member of the  "Solidarists", an international anti- Communist organization with many  Eastern Europeans and ex-Nazis, many  of them brought here by the CIA after  the war, many of them involved in  oil and munitions interests in Dallas  and the Southwest.  You figure it.
0) 483) dialog: (hands him a file) Read it.  They called it "Project  Paperclip."
0) 487) dialog: De Mohrenschildt draws a picture of  Oswald as an intellectual, well read,  speaks excellent Russian, a man who  adored J.F.K.
0) 492) dialog: The only Russian that suspects Oswald  of still being a Communist is Anna  Meller.  But her Russian friend tells  her "he's checked" with the local  FBI and was told Oswald is all right.
0) 494) dialog: The Oswalds are introduced by George  de Mohrenschildt to Janet and Bill  Williams.  It's through Janet Williams  in October '63 that Lee gets the  warehouse job, right smack on Elm  Street at the Book Depository, which  is owned by another oilman with ties  to defense and military intelligence.
0) 497) dialog: All I can find out about the Williams'  is their tax returns are classified  and that Bill Williams, a descendant  of the Cabots of Massachusetts, has  links through his family and United  Fruit to the CIA and does classified  work for Bell Helicopter which  requires a security clearance - so  what is Oswald, a defector, doing  visiting his wife in his house?   Williams has a relationship at Bell  with General Walter Dornberger,  another one of the Nazis we brought  in after the War for our missile  program.  He used slave labor to  build the V-2 Rockets for Hitler  before Bell needed him.
0) 500) dialog: His wife, Janet Williams, studied  Russian in college and her father  worked for the Agency for  International Development, which  works hand in hand with the CIA.   She suddenly becomes Marina's best  friend.  Marina fights often with  Lee about many things - his secrecy,  the lack of money.  She says Lee is  not sexually adequate.  Lee hits her  on several occasions.  Bill Williams'  convenient separation from Janet  allows Janet to invite Marina to  move into her house in Irving.  There  Marina and Lee have a second daughter -  while Lee, now 24, stores his  belongings in Janet's garage and  rents a small room in Dallas under  an alias of "O.H. Lee".
0) 502) dialog: When he's arrested, Marina buries  him with the public.  Her description  of him is that of a psychotic and  violent man.
0) 666) dialog: Your hunch was right, boss, but it's  even spookier than we thought.   Starting in September '63 on, two  months before the assassination,  there are sightings of Oswald all  over Dallas, buying ammunition,  getting a telescopic sight fixed,  going to rifle ranges... Early  November, a Dallas downtown Lincoln- Mercury dealership where he tells  the salesman Albert Bogard...
0) 672) dialog: ...despite the fact he has no license  and from what marina says, does not  know how to drive, he hits the curves  like Mario Andretti at the Indy 500.   Bogard later told his boss he drove  "like a madman."
0) 677) dialog: ... really dumb dialogue like he's  trying to draw attention to himself.   A real moron.  He walks out.  The  salesman remembers him as about 5'7",  but we know from his draft card he  was about 5'11"...
0) 684) dialog: I'll go you one better, Lou.  He  shows up at Silvia Odio's, a Cuban  lady in Dallas working in the anti- Castro underground - remember that  name, a solid witness.  The two Cubans  introduce him as "Leon Oswald".
0) 686) dialog: ...the Cubans want Silvia, whose  parents are political prisoners in  Cuba, to help them raise money to  assassinate Castro.  Something about  the men bothers her.  She tells them  she doesn't want anything to do with  violence... about 48 hours later one  of the Cubans calls her back...
0) 690) dialog: It's like he's giving her information  she doesn't even ask for.  She's  scared, doesn't see them again till  she sees Oswald's picture in the  paper.  But the Warren Commission  says she has bad eyesight because  they have Oswald in Mexico at this  time, trying to get back into Cuba.   The Cubans think he's a double agent  so they won't take him.  The CIA has  a camera outside the Cuban Embassy  and says this is Oswald in Mexico. (hands over a picture) You figure it.
0) 694) text: Susie picks up the famous Life magazine cover shot of Osw holding a rifle in his backyard.
0) 695) dialog: I even have doubts about this photo,  boss.  It pretty much convicted Oswald  in the public mind.  Well, according  to Captain Fritz, Oswald told him  during his interrogation the photo  was fake.
0) 702) dialog: (in the present) Oswald, who worked for Jaggars-Chiles- Stovall, did know spy photography  pretty well.  I took this picture to  two experts.  Look at the way the  shadows on the nose fall in a straight  line like it's high noon.  But the  shadow here on the ground reads like  late afternoon or early morning.   It's not the same time.  Also look  at the crop marks across the chin.   It seems like his head is pasted on  somebody else's body implicating him  with this rifle and gun.
0) 704) dialog: And of the two newspapers in his  hands, one is Leninist, the other  Trotskyite.  Any genuine Socialist  would know they hate each other's  politics!
0) 716) dialog: ...now it gets positively spooky.   In January, 1961 - in New Orleans,  at the Bolton Ford Dealership - when  the Oswald we know is in Russia -  there is a man using the name "Oswald"  to buy trucks for the Friends of  Democratic Cuba.  The salesman never  saw him again, but guess who's on  the articles of incorporation of the  Friends of Democratic Cuba?  Guy  Banister. (reactions from the  others) Banister has someone using the name  "Oswald" to buy the trucks.  Hoover,  at the FBI, writes a memo dated June,  1960, that there could be someone  using Oswald's passport and identity.
0) 727) dialog: Who?
0) 729) dialog: (stunned) No!... Shaw!  Director of The Trade  Mart?  This is incredible.
0) 821) text: Susie and Bill quiet Jim down.
0) 845) dialog: Shaw must've gotten them on our tail.
0) 1026) dialog: (raps the newspaper) Look at this bullshit!  He keeps  changing what he says.  We can't  possibly call him to a Grand Jury.
0) 1041) dialog: Bugging the District Attorney's office  of New Orleans!  It's outrageous!
0) 1066) text: Susie Cox walks in, a new message written on her face.
0) 1067) dialog: Boss, we just got bad news from Miami.   They found Ferrie's Cuban friend -  Eladio del Valle - this morning,  hacked to death with a machete in  his car.  He was tortured, shot in  the heart at point-blank range and  his skull was split open with an  axe...
0) 1082) dialog: I'm afraid I'm with Bill on this  one.  We haven't got the goods yet.
0) 1333) dialog: This is interesting - are you ready  for this?  Oswald went to see the  FBI two weeks before the  assassination.  It seems Special  Agent Hosty made three routine visits  to his house, supposedly to keep an  eye on Marina Oswald.
0) 1338) dialog: He left a note.  Hosty told a Dallas  newspaperman it was a warning to him  to stop questioning Marina at their  home when Oswald was not present.   She was not a citizen, so possibly  he was threatening to deport her  back to Russia.
0) 1340) dialog: But what the note really said no one  knows because his boss Shanklin told  Hosty...
0) 1342) dialog: Hosty tore it up and flushed it down  the toilet.  Waggoner Carr, the  Attorney  General of Texas, says he  had evidence from the Dallas Sheriff's  office that Oswald had been employed  as an undercover informant for the  FBI at a salary of $200 a month,  beginning more than a year before  the murder.
0) 1365) dialog: Or a cover up!  Jesus, Bill, don't  you have enough proof of the FBI's  complicity now?
0) 1396) dialog: Aren't you being a little hard?
0) 1498) dialog: I'm sorry.
0) 1547) dialog: (counter-arguing) Objection, your Honor.  This office  has won a conviction of perjury  against Dean Andrews on this matter.
0) 1558) dialog: But how does Dymond know what to  ask?  FUCK!  We're dead.
0) 1565) text: This is an ugly surprise for Jim.  We see him at the benc arguing loudly with the judge.  Susie, Dymond and Al are  also there.
0) 1753) text: Liz watches, moved.  Susie, Al and Numa are also there fo the summation.  Even Lou Ivon has come back to support hi friend.