0) 24) text: BACK TO a montage of the shooting.  We see Kennedy, in th last seconds, waving, turning the corner at Houston from  Main... We see TV footage and a piece of Zapruder film fr before the shooting; fragmented images... CUT TO stages shots of crowd people looking on.  The imag are grainy to match the tone of the Zapruder film.  Peopl are on rooftops, hollering.  The crowd is wild with  enthusiasm.  We pan past Jack Ruby and slam into him in b and-white.  The camera shows a Cuban man with a radio; a with an umbrella; subliminals.  Through open windows on t fifth floor of the Criminal Courts Building, convicts wat and holler from their jail cells.  We see the sixth floor the Texas Book Depository with open windows and a vague b of a figure and a rifle. The clock on the Hertz sign reads 12:30.
0) 31) text: Then we hear the shots: the volley sounds like a motorcyc backfire.  We catch a glimpse of a muzzle flash and smoke We see a view from the street of the Texas School Book  Depository - all in line with the "official" version of  events.  Pigeons by the hundreds suddenly shoot off the r Then the screen goes gray as did CBS TV's first bulletins the country.
0) 38) text: We hear sirens and screeching tires.  The screen is still gray, randomly intercut with the end of the Nix film show the car escaping.  There are wildly tracking shots of the crowd running towards the Grassy Knoll. The camera pans up the little set of stairs.  We see more faces. Someone in a suit stops our camera.  Secret Service? We see the briefest glimpse from the Zapruder film.  The  camera moves in on the open umbrella next, then to the fr sign, then to Mrs. Kennedy out of the car reaching for he then to the agent rushing onto the rear fender.  The car  finally speeds away.  The people on the other side of the underpass wave at the oncoming hearse from hell.  (These fragmented, mystifying shots.  The main effect is one of  blackout - of not knowing; of being in the dark, as we al were back then.)
0) 52) text: They all look up, expectant, as Walter Cronkite interrupt on the TV:
0) 71) text: Back in the bar, the camera moves to two patrons seated a table by themselves, far enough away not to be heard.  Gu Banister is a sturdy, imposing ex - FBI agent in his 60's steel gray hair, blue eyes, ruddy from heavy drinking.  H wears a small rosebud in his lapel.  Jack Martin is a thi mousy man in his mid - 50's, wearing a Dick Tracy hat. They're both drinking Wild Turkey heavily.  The TV blares loudly across the room over their voices.
0) 79) text: We see images of the textbook boxes - the sniper's nest i the sixth story of the Book Depository - and then the vie out the window looking down at Elm Street.
0) 83) text: Police are saying there could be a tie - in here to the m of the President. TELEVISION INSERT:  Lee Harvey Oswald, a bruise over his  right temple, is apprehended at the Texas Theatre.
0) 88) text: The room bursts out with an accumulated fury at the young Oswald - a tremendous release of tension.  On the TV we s the excitement in the newsmen's eyes; they all sense that this is the break they're looking for in the case. Garrison and Ivon watch the TV, and then Garrison stands pays the bill.
0) 112) text: The camera moves onto Jim with Liz and the children - Jas the oldest at 4, holds his dad's hand.  On Liz's lap, Sna the youngest, is asleep.  Virginia, the 2-year-old, is  pestering the Boxer dog... and Mattie, the heavyset black housekeeper, 35, is in tears.
0) 130) text: Jim is moved by her. TELEVISION IMAGE: Texas D.A. Henry Wade addresses the  journalists.
0) 153) text: Members of the team exchange looks of surprise and disbel
0) 219) text: Jim, now 46, reads the front page of THE WASHINGTON POST  which details the latest battle in Vietnam.  He sits next Senator Long from Louisiana, in his 50's, who's drinking whiskey.  They're on a crowded businessman's shuttle.  We see a close-up of a newspaper article about the Vietnam w "more troops asked by Westmoreland."
0) 306) text: FLASHBACK TO the exterior of the Banister Office on a day 1963.  The door is now clearly labelled "W. GUY BANISTER, INC. INVESTIGATORS."  It opens and Banister comes out in  slow motion, neatly dressed, rose in his lapel - the same office and same man we saw three years before when he pis whipped Jack Martin.  Banister seems to be smiling right us, greeting us.
0) 312) text: Lou gets it and glances up.  We FLASHBACK TO the exterior 544 Camp Street in 1963.  Lee Oswald comes out the door i a full close-up, now clearly seen by us, and heads out in the street as Guy Banister intercepts him on the sidewalk holding a leaflet and point to "544 Camp Street stamped o it.  Guy seems miffed at Oswald, tells him something quic and then moves on.
0) 319) text: Carlos throws Oswald's leaflets in the air and pulls off glasses, prepared to fight.  Oswald only smiles, and puts his arms down in an X of passivity.
0) 370) text: Still in 1963, we see the exterior of Banister's office. dozen Cubans follow Ferrie downstairs into the street, an pile into several cars, duffels thrown in with them.  Fer drives the lead car.
0) 426) text: Lou's been waiting, excited.  He gives Jim blowups of the five hobo photographs.
0) 434) text: Susie Cox arrives.
0) 476) text: FLASHBACK TO a Forth Worth map factory.  We see Oswald at work on photo mattes with a Minox spy camera.  The camera shows close-ups of maps and then flashes to a hand in the photographic section.  We see a close-up of Oswald's head a photograph - the same headshot that will be superimpose on the Oswald photo - and a razor blade cutting mattes.
0) 496) text: We see Oswald and another man in the Texas School Book  Depository in 1963.  They are hauling and stacking school textbooks - an obviously lower-level job for Oswald after the map factory.  We cut ahead to empty graphics of the s off area, the window site, the cafeteria.
0) 536) text: Ruby catches the stern face of Sheriff Bill Decker from t corner of his eye, the Assistant D.A. next to him.
0) 611) text: FLASHBACK TO the Masquerade Bar in the French Quarter.  I nighttime and Ferrie, Bertrand and O'Keefe sit at a back  booth.  Bertrand, as seen earlier, is an imposing, white- haired patrician man, over six feet tall, heavily defined bones and eyelids, in his late 40's or early 50's.
0) 617) text: FLASHBACK TO Dave Ferrie's apartment on a night in 1963. The place is filled messy bricabrac, including two dozen  mouse cages for Ferrie's cancer experiments.  Ferrie,  Bertrand, O'Keefe, and four Cubans in battle fatigues are laughing and fooling around.  Oswald is in a corner clean a .22 rifle with a scope on it.  He looks different, unke unshaven.  A record player grinds out a speech in Spanish Castro.  Some other people are there as well - it's a bea scene: sandals, hanging out, only one woman.  Ferrie is t pictures throughout of the group horsing around, photogra Oswald.
0) 671) text: In the next scene we see the car, driven by "Oswald", zoo up the ramp and disappearing onto the freeway.
0) 719) text: The staff members, anxious to go home, have all risen... now sigh.
0) 724) text: They all raise their hands as Bill walks in, excited.
0) 883) text: Ferrie hangs up.  Pause.  At his end, Lou Ivon hangs up,  excited.
0) 908) text: He feels Lou for bugs, but out of a sense of hierarchy,  ignores Jim.  He checks around the room - the phone, behi paintings, flower vase, light fixtures - as the batty  conversation continues:
0) 920) text: Jim whispers something and Lou goes to the door, takes th service table without letting the bellhop in.  Jim, excit but trying to stay even, continues with Ferrie.
0) 999) text: Jim expectant of some help.  A pause.  Then:
0) 1007) text: He leans forward across Jim's desk, tapping his manicured index finger on the desk.  Clearly visible to Jim and to (in a close-up) is Miller's Annapolis ring tapping.
0) 1020) text: Bill has a strange reaction - a sudden exhalation of brea as if an entire house of cards were collapsing.  He rises but Miller goes first, leaving silently.  Once he's gone, Bill turns wearily to Jim.
0) 1056) text: Jim picks several empty, capless medicine bottles on a ta next to the sofa and looks at them.  Lou and Bill come ov with a typed suicide note.
0) 1066) text: Susie Cox walks in, a new message written on her face.
0) 1072) text: Jim, feeling ill, wanting to leave, stops the coroner bef he exits...
0) 1103) dialog: Jim Garrison?
0) 1105) dialog: (shakes hands) I'm glad you came.  I'm sorry about  the precautions.
0) 1108) dialog: I could give you a false name, but I  won't.  Just call me X.
0) 1110) dialog: I'm not with the Agency, Mr. Garrison,  and I assume if you've come this  far, what I have to say interests  you.  But I'm not going to name names,  or tell you who or what I represent.   Except to say - you're close, you're  closer than you think...
0) 1112) dialog: Everything I'm going to tell you is  classified top secret... (significant look) I was a soldier, Mr. Garrison.  Two  wars.  I was one of those secret  guys in the Pentagon that supplies  the military hardware - the planes,  bullets, rifles - for what we call  "black operations" - "black ops",  assassinations, coup d'etats, rigging  elections, propoganda, psych warfare  and so forth.  World War II - Rumania,  Greece, Yugoslavia, I helped take  the Nazi intelligence apparatus out  to help us fight the Communists.   Italy '48 stealing elections, France  '49 breaking strikes - we overthrew  Quirino in the Philippines, Arbenz  in Guatemala, Mossadegh in Iran.   Vietnam in '54, Indonesia '58, Tibet  '59 we got the Dalai Lama out - we  were good, very good.  Then we got  into the Cuban thing.  Not so good.   Set up all the bases for the invasion  supposed to take place in October  '62.  Khrushchev sent the missiles  to resist the invasion, Kennedy  refused to invade and we were standing  out there with our dicks in the wind.   Lot of pissed-off people, Mr.   Garrison, you understand?  I'll come  to that later... I spent much of  September '63 working on the Kennedy  plan for getting all U.S.  personnel  out of Vietnam by the end of '65.   This plan was one of the strongest  and most important papers issued  from the Kennedy White House.  Our  first 1,000 troops were ordered home  for Christmas.  Tensions were high.   In November '63, one week after the  murder of Vietnamese President Diem  in Saigon, and two weeks before the  assassination of our President...
0) 1113) text: FLASHBACK TO the Pentagon offices in 1963.  X strides dow busy hall and into the offices of one of his superiors, M General Y, a lean, cold warrior, battlefield handsome,  civilian clothes, and several advisors.  There's a U.S. f on the wall.  The status of Y is only clear by the sing o the desk, the name blocked by a passing figure.
0) 1114) dialog: ...a strange thing happened.  I was  sent by my superior officer, call  him Y, to the South Pole as the  military escort for a group of  international VIP's.  This trip had  nothing to do with my nine years of  work in Special Operations.  It was  sort of a "paid vacation".
0) 1115) text: We hear vague ad-lib mutterings on the soundtrack indicat a friendly atmosphere, and we see stock footage of a C-13 transport flying to Antarctica and ice floes on the surfa of the sea. Then, at a New Zealand airport, we see X, in a uniform, a newsstand reading of Kennedy's assassination.  The banner headline of an "Extra" edition of The Christchurch Star  screams out "KENNEDY SHOT DEAD."
0) 1116) dialog: It wasn't until I was on my way back  in New Zealand that I read of the  President's murder.  That was 2 in  the afternoon the next day New Zealand  time, but already the papers had the  entire history of an unknown 24-year- old man, Oswald - a studio picture,  detailed biographical data, Russian  information - and were pretty sure  of the fact he'd killed the President  alone, although it took them four  more hours to charge him with the  murder in Texas.  It felt as if,  well, a cover story was being put  out like we would in a black op.
0) 1117) text: Back at the Pentagon office, we see X returning and meeti Y.  The atmosphere is cordial, but Y is slightly differen from before - more harried, more nervous.  He turns away light a cigarette, he doesn't want the usual conversation
0) 1118) dialog: Anyway, after I came back I asked  myself why was I, the chief of special  ops, selected to travel to the South  Pole at that time to do a job that  any number of others could have done?   One of my routine duties if I had  been in Washington would've been to  arrange for additional security in  Texas.  The Secret Service is  relatively small, and by custom the  military will augment them.  I checked  it out when I got back and sure  enough, I found out someone had told  the 112th Military Intelligence Group  at 4th Army Headquarters at Fort Sam  Houston to "stand down" that day,  over the protests of the unit  Commander, a Colonel Reich...
0) 1119) text: We see an outdoor shot of the Texas Army Headquarters on day in 1963.  Inside, on the same day, Col. Reich is on t phone, puzzled.
0) 1120) dialog: Now this is significant, because it  is standard operating procedure,  especially in a known hostile city  like Dallas, to supplement the Secret  Service.  Even if we had not allowed  the bubbletop to be removed from the  limousine, we'd've put at least 100  to 200 agents on the sidewalks,  without question!  There'd already  been several attempts on de Gaulle's  life in France.  Only a month before  in Dallas UN Ambassador Adlai  Stevenson had been spit on and hit.   We'd have arrived days ahead of time,  studied the route, checked all the  buildings... We never would've allowed all those  wide-open empty windows overlooking  Dealey... never...  We would have  had our own snipers covering the  area.  The moment a window went up  they'd have been on the radio.  We  would've been watching the crowds -  packages, rolled up newspapers, a  coat over an arm, never would have  let a man open an umbrella along the  way - Never would've allowed that  limousine to slow down to 10 miles  per hour, much less take that unusual  curve at Houston and Elm.  You would  have felt an Army presence in the  streets that day, but none of this  happened.  It was a violation of the  most basic protection codes we have.   And it is the best indication of a  massive plot in Dallas.  Who could  have best done that?  People in my  business, Mr. Garrison.  People like  my superior officer could've told  Col. Reich, "Look - we have another  unit coming from so and so providing  security.  You'll stand down."  That  day, in fact, there were some  individual Army Intelligence people  in Dallas and I'm still trying to  figure out who and why.  But they  weren't protecting the client.  One  of them, by the way, was caught in  the Book Depository after police  sealed it off.
0) 1122) dialog: Army Intell had a "Harvey Lee Oswald"  on file, but all those files have  been destroyed.  Many strange things  were happening that day, and Lee  Harvey Oswald had nothing to do with  them.  We had the entire Cabinet on  a trip to the Far East.  We had a  third of a combat division returning  from Germany in the air above the  United States at the time of the  shooting, and at 12:34 P.M., the  entire telephone system went dead in  Washington for a solid hour, and on  the plane back to Washington, word  was radioed from the White House  Situation Room to Lyndon Johnson  that one individual performed the  assassination.  Does that sound like  a bunch of coincidences to you, Mr.  Garrison?  Not for one moment.  The  cabinet was out of the country to  get their perception out of the way.   The troops were in the air for  possible riot control.  The phones  didn't work to keep the wrong stories  from spreading if anything went wrong  with the plan.  Nothing was left to  chance.  I bet you there were even  backup teams and cars on the other  side of the underpass in the event  that Kennedy got through wounded.   They would have moved in with vehicles  like they did with de Gaulle.  He  could not be allowed to escape alive.
0) 1123) text: The camera is on Jim, listening.  This information is muc greater than he ever envisioned, and he is stunned.  X pa
0) 1124) dialog: I never though things were the same  after that.  Vietnam started for  real.  There was an air of, I don't  know, make-believe in the Pentagon  and the CIA.  Those of us who'd been  in secret ops since the beginning  knew the Warren Commission was  fiction, but there was something...  deeper, uglier.  And I knew Allen  Dulles very well.  I briefed him  many a time in his house.  He was  also General Y's benefactor.  But  for the life of me I still can't  figure out why Dulles was appointed  to investigate Kennedy's death.  The  man who had fired him.  I got out in  '64.  I retired from the U.S. Air  Force.
0) 1126) dialog: (chuckles) That's the real question, isn't it -  "Why?" - the "how" is just "scenery"  for the suckers...  Oswald, Ruby,  Cuba, Mafia, it keeps people guessing  like a parlor game, but it prevents  them from asking the most important  question - Why?  Why was Kennedy  killed?  Who benefitted?  Who has  the power to cover it up?... You  know in '61 right after the Bay of  Pigs - very few people know about  this - I participated in drawing up  National Security Action Memos 55,  56, and 57.  These are crucial  documents, classified top secret,  but basically in them Kennedy  instructs General Lemnitzer, Chairman  of the Joint Chiefs, that from here  on forward...
0) 1128) dialog: ... the Joint Chiefs of Staff would  be wholly responsible for all covert  paramilitary action in peacetime.   This basically ended the reign of  the CIA - "splintered it", as J.F.K.  promised he would, into a "thousand  pieces", - and now was ordering the  military to help.  This was  unprecedented.  I can't tell you the  shock waves this sent along the  corridors of power in Washington.   This and, of course, firing Allen  Dulles, Richard Bissell, and General  Charles Cabell, all of them sacred  cows of Intell since World War II.   You got some very upset people here.
0) 1130) dialog: Kennedy's directives were never really  implemented, because of bureaucratic  resistance, but one of the results  was that the Cuban operation was  turned over to my department as  "Operation Mongoose", which meant  that people like my superior officer,  General Y, took over the Cuban  personnel that were being trained to  invade Cuba - and the bases like the  training camp at Pontchartrain in  your home state that were closed  down by Kennedy... and that's how  the "black ops" people, people like  General Y, ended up taking the rules  of covert warfare they'd used abroad  and brought'em into this country.   Now they had the people, the  equipment, bases and the motivation...  check out an old CIA man, Bill Harvey -  ran something called "Executive  Action", which carried out foreign  assassinations.  Harvey was also  involved with the fake defection  program that got Oswald into Russia.   Check out the Cabell brothers.   Interesting links to this case.
0) 1132) dialog: ...don't underestimate the budget  cuts Kennedy called for in March of  '63 either - close to 52 military  installations in 25 states, 21  overseas bases, you're talking big  money.  You know how many helicopters  have been lost in Vietnam?  About  three thousand so far.  Who makes  them?  Bell Helicopter.  Who owns  Bell?  Bell was near bankruptcy when  the First National Bank of Boston  approached the CIA about developing  the helicopter for Indochina usage.   How 'bout the f-111 fighters?  General  Dynamics in Fort Worth.  Who owns  that?  Find out the defense budget  since the war began.  $75 going on a  hundred billion ... $200 billion'll  be spent before it ends.  In 1950 it  was $13 billion.  No war, no money.   Sometimes I think the organizing  principle of any society is for war.   The authority of the state over it's  people resides in it's war powers.   Even Eisenhower - military hero of  WWII - warned us about it: "beware  the military - industrial complex",  he said.  Kennedy wanted to end the  Cold War in his second term.  He  wanted to call of the moon race in  favor of cooperation with the Soviets.   He signed a treaty with the Soviets  to ban nuclear testing, he refused  to invade Cuba in '62, and he set  out to withdraw from Vietnam.  But  that all ended on November 22, 1963.
0) 1133) text: FLASHBACK TO the White House, 1963.  Lyndon Johnson is wi Henry Cabot Lodge.  We see them as shadowy figures from a distance across the wide room, or near a veranda with a p and plenty of light.  Johnson, his back to us, talks in a loud, thick Texas drawl (mostly muted) and signs a docume
0) 1134) dialog: Only four days after J.F.K. was shot,  Lyndon Johnson signed National  Security Memo 273, which essentially  reversed Kennedy's new withdrawal  policy and gave the green light to  the covert operations against North  Vietnam that provoked the Gulf of  Tonkin incident.  In that document  lay the Vietnam War.
0) 1135) text: In the park with X, Jim is staggered by all this informat X ceases walking and looks at Jim.
0) 1137) dialog: (shrugging) Kings are killed, Mr. Garrison.   Politics is power, nothing more.   But don't believe me.  Don't trust  me.  Do your own work, your own  thinking.
0) 1139) dialog: No chance in hell, Mr. Garrison.   I'd be arrested and gagged, declared  insane and hospitalized... maybe  worse.  You, too.  I can only give  you background, you got to find the  foreground, the little things...  Keep digging.  Y'know you're the  only person to ever bring a trial in  the murder of John Kennedy.  That's  important - it's historic.
0) 1141) dialog: (rising to leave) But you don't have a choice anymore.   You've become a significant threat  to the national security structure.   They would've killed you already,  but you got a lot of light on you.   Instead, they're gonna destroy your  credibility; they already have in  many circles in this town.  You're  some kinda ego-crazed southern  caricature to many folks.  Be honest -  the best chance you got is come up  with a case, something, anything,  make arrests, stir the shitstorm.   You gotta hope to reach a point of  critical mass where other people  will come forward and the government  will crack.  Remember, fundamentally  people are suckers for the truth,  and the truth is on your side, 'bubba.   I hope you get a break...
0) 1227) text: Jim looks, reliving the moment. Later Jim and Lou stand on the south side of Elm Street i Dealey Plaza talking to Jean Hill, an attractive, 30-ish  teacher.  Her demeanor has a rock-solid Texas back-countr conviction to it; she's a woman not easily frightened.
0) 1272) text: DISSOLVE TO a scene inside the Texas School Book Deposito in 1967.  Jim and Lou walk the floor and look out the win Lou has a Mannlicher-Carcano in his hand with a sight and clip.  We see Oswald's supposed view of the limousine as pulls the trigger.  Now, innocuous traffic goes by, but t iris of the camera tightens into a sniper's scope.
0) 1287) text: The camera swings to the Grassy Knoll and the picket fenc as seen from the sixth floor of the Depository.
0) 1289) text: The camera swings to the Daltex Building across the stree
0) 1313) text: FLASHBACK TO 1963 - the sixth floor of the Texas School B Depository - the same place Jim and Lou are now.  Jim loo around and sees one shooter and one spotter with a lunchb radio, in repairman clothes.  Jim is watching.  Neither o these men is Oswald.  We hear the sounds of the motorcade below.  The shooter pulls the trigger on the Carcano.  A  loud frightening sound snaps Jim back to the present.
0) 1346) text: Holds up the telex.  We see a close-up: "URGENT TO ALL SA
0) 1371) text: His voice is challenging.  There's a pause.  The men exch looks and wait.
0) 1470) text: The audience is enthusiastic.  Jim smiles and waves, then sits down next to Johnson.
0) 1475) text: He fixes his eyes on Jim, waiting for a reply.  A wearine has set in on Jim.  Once more into the slaughter.
0) 1477) text: The audience, loving it, cheers.  Johnson looks at Jim  blankly, and reads the next question on his list.
0) 1519) text: Jim is in the kitchen fixing himself a sandwich.  There's strange feeling in the house.  We hear the wind - a shutt sighing.  Jim suddenly doesn't feel alone in the kitchen.
0) 1521) text: He waves and leaves the podium, going back through the ki of the hotel.  Jim is frozen in his spot, shaken.  The gh of Jack Kennedy - as he was before the killing - stares a him through the kitchen, as if encased in a hologram.  Th hooded eyes watch Jim without expression.  They're  communicating, in some strange subliminal way.  Suddenly  shots ring out from the television and there's pandemoniu
0) 1535) text: Irvin Dymond cross-examines O'Keefe.
0) 1545) text: TIME CUT TO Dymond cross-examining Dean Andrews, shaking head.
0) 1549) text: Arguments follow. TIME CUT TO Charles Goldberg, a mild-looking New York  accountant, on the stand with Dymond cross-examing.
0) 1579) text: Dymond goes back to Shaw, very please.  Shaw smokes, icy. Jim, devastated, sits, feeling it's over. CUT TO Clay Shaw on the stand.  Dymond cross-examines him
0) 1594) text: The Zapruder film (8mm) now rolls.  We have seen pieces o it before in the opening of the film, but now we see it w It is crucial that this piece of film be repeated several times during the trial to drive home a point that is easi lost on casual viewing.  The first viewing is silent exce for the sound of the clanky projector.  It lasts about 25 seconds, and then the lights come on.  The jury is shaken The judge is shaken.  The people in the courtroom murmur. Even Clay Shaw is surprised at what he has seen.  Jim say nothing, letting the truth of it sink in.  Then:
0) 1606) text: CUT TO: the Secret Service team preparing to wheel the ca out.  The Dallas Medical Examiner, Dr. Rose, backed by a  justice of the peace, bars the way.  A furious wrestling  match ensues.
0) 1620) text: CUT TO: Jim in court with a series of drawings indicating with arrows entry and exit wounds to Kennedy's neck and h Dr. Finck is on the stand, erect, very precise, and irrit
0) 1646) text: Inside the Dal-Tex Building, a shooter and a spotter dres as air-conditioning men move into a small second-story te storage room.
0) 1654) text: From Houston Street we look up at the sixth floor of the  Book Depository and see the shooter moving around.  Arnol Rowland points him out to his wife.
0) 1656) text: In the Dallas County Jail, Johnny Powell is one of many  convicts housed on the sixth floor - the same height as t men in the Book Depository.  We look across to the Deposi through cell bars.  Johnny and various cell mates are wat two men in the sixth floor of the Depository.
0) 1662) text: The camera is on Kennedy waving.  A MONTAGE follows - all the faces in the square that we've introduced in the movi now appear one after the other, watching - the killers, t man with the umbrella, the Newman family, Mary Moorman  photographing, Jean Hill, Abraham Zapruder filming it, S. Holland, Patrolman Harkness... INTERCUT with the Zapruder and Nix films on J.F.K. in the final seconds coming abrea of the Stemmons Freeway sign.
0) 1664) text: CUT TO the Dal-Tex shooter firing.  We see the back of  Kennedy's through his gun sight.  Kennedy (stand in) reac in the Zapruder film.
0) 1670) text: CUT TO: the Dal-Tex shooter.  We see Kennedy from his poi of view, and the Zapruder film in slow motion.
0) 1672) text: CUT TO: the sixth floor shooter firing rapidly and missin Kennedy but hitting Connally (stand in).
0) 1678) text: Kennedy's car speeds off.  Jackie is like a crawling anim in a pillbox hat on the back of the car.  The people on t other side of the underpass wave innocently as the car sp through with it's horrifying contents.  Pigeons fly off t rooftop of the Book Depository.
0) 1680) text: CUT TO: sixth floor spotter dumping the Mannlicher - Carc in a corner as he leaves... and then to the Dal-Tex spott and shooter, who break down the gun and move out... and t to the spotter with the fence shooter, who quickly breaks down the weapon, throwing it in the trunk of a car parked the fence.  He walks away.  The fence shooter, dressed as policeman, blends with the crowd. CUT TO: the umbrella man and the Cuban sitting quietly  together on the north side of the curb of Elm Street. CUT TO: stunned, confused, people in the crowd - some lyi on the ground, some running for the Grassy Knoll. Back in the courtroom, patrolman Joe Smith is on the stan
0) 1685) text: Back in the courtroom, Liz is totally absorbed.  Jim exch looks with her.  The camera movies in for a close - up of Jim.
0) 1693) text: On the sixth floor of the depository, Bonnie Ray Williams eating a chicken lunch, alone.
0) 1696) text: On the street, Arnold Rowland and his wife look up at the sixth floor windows and we see, from their point of view, two shadowy figures...
0) 1702) text: Oswald reacts as if hearing it for the first time.  Truly and Baker continue running up the stairs.  Oswald proceed to get a Coke and continues out of the room. CUT TO: the sixth floor, where we see Oswald as the shoot After firing, he runs full speed for the stairs, stashing the rifle on the other side of the loft.  Our camera foll him roughly down stairs - we hear the loud sound of his s banging on the hollow wood - to the lunchroom, where Patr Baker and Superintendent Truly run in.  Then they start t repeat the same action as seen in the previous scene.
0) 1713) text: The camera closes in on Oswald's perplexed face.  Earlene peeks out the shades as she hears two short honks on a ho Outside is a black police car driven by Tippit.  Also in car is the fence shooter, dressed as a Dallas policeman. The car drives by, honks twice, waits, then moves away.   During this visual, we see the fence shooter changing his uniform into civilian clothes.
0) 1723) text: On a Dallas avenue near the Texas Theatre, Oswald moves a spooked.  Police cars roar by with sirens blaring.  Johnn Brewer, in a shoestore, spots him and follows him.
0) 1725) text: Outside the Texas Theatre Oswald walks past the cashier, is out on the sidewalk watching the police cars go by.  A double feature is playing - Cry of Battle with Van Heflin and War is Hell.  He goes in. CUT TO: 30 officers arriving at the theatre in a fleet of patrol cars.
0) 1729) text: The cops advance on Oswald, who jumps up, as if expecting be shot.
0) 1734) text: Outside the theatre, Oswald, his eye blackened, is led ou by the phalanx of officers.  They are surrounded by an an crowd.
0) 1737) text: At the Dallas police station, Dallas Police Captain Will  Fritz takes a call from a high official in Washington.  I the background we notice Lee Oswald continuing to be  questioned by federal agents.  We hear Johnson's distinct Texas drawl but we never see him.
0) 1749) text: We see Oswald dying on the floor of the police station. paramedic pushes in and starts administering artificial  respiration, which only aggravates the internal hemorrhag At a Texas cemetery, Oswald's mother weeps.  Oswald is bu with a few people present, but there are no details, no d We see Marina whisked out by agents. CUT TO Kennedy's funeral, which, in contrast, attracts  thousands of mourners.
0) 1751) text: FLASHBACK TO X: reading about it in the New Zealand Airpo and then back to the courtroom in 1969.
0) 1773) dialog: You didn't get that break you needed,  but you went as far as any man could,  bubba. (he sits next to Jim) What can I do for you?
0) 1775) dialog: I think it started in the wind.   Money - arms, big oil, Pentagon  people, contractors, bankers,  politicians like L.B.J. were committed  to a war in Southeast Asia.  As early  as '61 they knew Kennedy was going  to change things... He was not going  to war in Southeast Asia.  Who knows?   Probably some boardroom or lunchroom  somewhere - Houston, New York - hell,  maybe Bonn, Germany... who knows,  it's international now.
0) 1776) text: CUT TO: a New York lunch club or executive dining room.   From the window we have a towering view of the City.  Fou men in their 50's to 70's - old men, rich men, talk at a  quiet table.  Their figures are shadowy and we overhear t conversation obliquely, across faces flared out by sun  bouncing off the skyscraper window.
0) 1777) dialog: One worried sonofabitch with a few  million dollars turns to the others...  with a few million dollars... and  says something pretty direct like...
0) 1787) dialog: ...so calls are made.  Down to  Washington.  All over the world.   They start talking about it.  A few  people here, there.  Just  conversations, nothing more...
0) 1789) dialog: Generals, Admirals, CIA people, and  probably some people on the inside  of Kennedy's staff - young, brilliant  Judases, ready to go to war in  Southeast Asia...
0) 1791) dialog: ...and maybe a Vice-President getting  separate memos from Vietnam, eager  to get his backers the billions of  dollars in contracts for Southeast  Asia...
0) 1793) dialog: Kennedy, like Caesar, is surrounded  with enemies.  Something is underway  but it has no face.  Yet everyone in  the loop knows...
0) 1795) dialog: Money is at stake.  Big money.  A  hundred billion.  The Kennedy brothers  target voting districts for defense  dollars.  They give TFX fighter  contracts only to the counties that  are going to make a difference in  '64.  These people fight back.  Their  way.  One day another call is made...
0) 1796) text: In a Pentagon office, a man in civilian clothing is on th phone, his back to the screen.  This is Mr. Y, X's superi officer.  Shadows pervade the room.  An unshuttered windo overlooks the Potomac River and the White House.
0) 1797) dialog: ...maybe to somebody like my superior  who's been running the "Mongoose"  program out of Florida and who has  no love for Kennedy.
0) 1799) dialog: Everything's cellurized.  No one has  said "he must die," there's been no  vote, there's nothing on paper,  there's no one to blame.  It's as  old as the Crucifixion: the Mafia  firing squad, one blank, no one's  guilty because everyone in the Power  Structure who knows anything has a  plausible deniability.  There are no  compromising connections except at  the most secret point.  But what's  paramount is that it must succeed.   No matter how many die, how much it  costs, the perpetrators must be on  the winning side and never subject  to prosecution for anything by anyone.   That is a coup d'etat.
0) 1802) dialog: He's done it before.  Other countries.   Lumumba in the Congo, Trujillo, the  Dominican Republic, he's working on  Castro.  No big deal.  In September,  Kennedy announces the Texas trip.   At that moment, second Oswalds start  popping up all over Dallas where  they have the mayor and the cops in  their pocket.  Y flies in the  assassins, maybe from the special  camp we keep outside Athens, Greece -  pros, maybe some locals, Cubans,  Maria hire, separate teams.  Does it  really matter who shot from what  rooftop?  Part of the scenery.  The  assassins by now are dead or well  paid and long gone...
0) 1804) dialog: ...don't think so.  When they start  to drool, they get rid of 'em.  These  guys are proud of what they did.   They did Dealey Plaza!  They took  out the President of the United  States!  That's entertainment!  And  they served their country doing it.
0) 1806) dialog: ...got promoted to two stars, but he  was never military, you know, always  CIA.  Went to Vietnam, lost his  credibility when we got beat over  there, retired, lives in Virginia.   I say hello to him when I see him at  the supermarket...
0) 1808) dialog: You never ask a spook a question.   No point.  He'll never give you a  straight answer.  General Y still  thinks of himself of the handsome  young warrior who loved this country  but loved the concept of war more.
0) 1810) dialog: Does it matter?  Another technician.   But an interesting thing - he was  there that day in Dealey Plaza.  You  know how I know? (Jim shakes his head) That picture of yours.  The hoboes...   you never looked deep enough...
0) 1811) text: FLASHBACK TO: one of the hobo pictures.  Next to the frei entrance of the Book Depository, Y, in a dark suit, is  nonchalantly walking past the hoboes, his back to us.  Th camera closes in on Y.
0) 1812) dialog: I knew the man 20 years.  That's  him.  The way he walked... arms at  his side, military, the stoop, the  haircut, the twisted left hand, the  large class ring.  What was he doing  there?  If anyone had asked him,  he'd probably say "protection" but  I'll tell you I think he was giving  some kind of "okay" signal to those  hoboes - they're about to get booked  and he's telling 'em it's gonna be  okay, they're covered.  And in fact  they were - you never heard of them  again.
0) 1814) dialog: It never did. (he smiles tartly)
0) 1816) dialog: I keep thinking of that day, Tuesday  the 26th, the day after they buried  Kennedy, L.B.J. was signing the  memorandum on Vietnam with Ambassador  Lodge.
0) 1817) text: FLASHBACK TO: the White House, 1963.  Johnson sits across the shadowed room with Lodge and others.  His Texas drawl rises and falls.  He signs something unseen.
0) 1819) dialog: ...and that was the day Vietnam  started.