0) 16) dialog: slips through young trees and stops, shouldering his smoo an ambush? 
0) 23) text: three men approach the fallen elk and each other. We real together. Hawkeye steps aside for Chingachgook. His massi angles to one side with a stabbing blade. Hawkeye is step The two younger men treat Chingachgook with an easy defer Hawkeye's a dialectic of two cultures. In his coloration more the Anglo-Saxon frontiersman. In his independent vie and in his combat skills and woodsmanship, he's more nati As Chingachgook takes out his long knife and they approac
0) 25) dialog: (low Mohican; sub-titled) We're sorry to kill you, Brother.  Forgive us. I do honor to your courage and  speed, your strength ... 
0) 30) dialog: Halloo! John Cameron! 
0) 34) dialog: The Master of Life is good. Another year pass ...  How is it with you, John? 
0) 41) dialog: Your eyes are too sharp, Alexandria Cameron.  They see into my heart. 
0) 54) dialog: Fathers of England &amp; France, both, take more  land, furs, than they need. They're cold &amp; full  of greed ... 
0) 58) text: Alexandria laughs. So do Hawkeye &amp; Chingachgook. 
0) 62) text: Hawkeye grabs the kid from Uncas. The kid's laughing &amp Chingachgook watches, content, smoking his clay pipe.
0) 105) text: They approach the Lacrosse field. Chingachgook stands wit background, watching. 
0) 216) text: As they begin to stop ...  CUT TO ... EXTERIOR MOUNTAINS &amp; FOREST - WIDE - DAY Silently entering on either side of us come Chingachgook, Uncas. Even relaxed, they carry themselves with a degree eighteenth century Viet Cong moving through the rain fore Parrish/Hudson Valley of tall trees, ravines and streams three cradle their long guns and move silently on moccasi
0) 219) dialog: has headed off further down the stream and discovers noth and Hawkeye who've become extremely alert. They move up t ninety degrees from their previous path.  TRACKING: HAWKEYE, UNCAS &amp; CHINGACHGOOK moving. Fast. Nearly soundless. They hardly disturb a bla expertise, deadliness and an impression something's wrong CUT TO ...
0) 268) dialog: pursues two fleeing Hurons up the incline. Two strides ga hamstrings and runs over to pursue the second up the hill
0) 292) dialog: to Hawkeye: let's go ... Then a fast exchange of Delaware Chingachgook's decision. Chingachgook looks at the surviv off.
0) 296) text: Heyward quickly decides to go. The women follow. Hawkeye Chingachgook.  CUT TO ...
0) 324) dialog: (to Hawkeye)  Yengeese no good in woods. Make more  noise, I kill him. 
0) 327) dialog: is already moving out front, low and fast ...  CUT TO ...
0) 338) dialog: (to Hawkeye)  Ottawa. 
0) 342) text: Chingachgook nods confirmation and indicates a direction is very ominous to them. We don't know why yet. Chingachg
0) 345) dialog: Leave them. 
0) 346) text: Heyward stops. Hawkeye and Uncas follow Chingachgook, lea
0) 355) dialog: mutters something to Uncas. He nods and disappears amongs soundlessly. 
0) 379) dialog: His massive arms spread revealing his war club in his lef
0) 383) dialog: sees all of it; doesn't like it. 
0) 432) text: Hawkeye doesn't answer as he, Chingachgook, Uncas and Hey the top of the ridge.  CLOSER ANGLES: CORA &amp; ALICE join them and look down upon their expectation of a secur wilderness, a safe harbor, a father's warm welcome. 
0) 457) dialog: run diagonally past pyramidal stacks of cannon ball, smol wounded men. Just then a mortar is fired and explodes, ki ramparts Mohawks and Colonial Militia, sniping at the Fre corners next to the sick and dying. 
0) 521) text: Hawkeye is furious. Chingachgook gestures Hawkeye out. He almost knocking over an entering Adjutant who backs way u pass.
0) 706) text: Hawkeye freezes. The others slow down, indecisive ... Haw and says something in Mohican to restrain Chingachgook an torchlight with the long muskets and bayonets are an imag
0) 709) dialog: (Mohican; subtitled) Why do they make my son prisoner? 
0) 711) dialog: (Mohican; subtitled) What will they do with my white son? 
0) 712) text: One of the guards - scared to death by Chingachgook - ner
0) 903) text: Chingachgook, on Hawkeye's left, slams down two Hurons wi CORA &amp; ALICE running through the chaos and murder and British troopers struggle with Hurons. Cora's dress is torn. She holds Ali Cora's hand. 
0) 927) dialog: protecting Hawkeye, slams his war club into one Huron, br and his skull and swings the other way burying the bladed Ottawa who's behind him. Then ... 
0) 945) dialog: smashing his war club straight down on a Huron, reaches f shoots another. Then he sees ... 
0) 988) text: racing in the same direction they are. They hit it straig they're drenched by two waves coming from the sides.  HAWKEYE &amp; CHINGACHGOOK paddle like fiends to get momentum and control. 
0) 1019) dialog: followed by Uncas, takes stock of their supplies. They ch almost none. Uncas shares his with Hawkeye. The Redcoat's the paper cartridges a soggy mess. Heyward has none. The Mohican, Chingachgook decides some things. Hawkeye and Un approaches Hawkeye.
0) 1078) dialog: has their weapons slung over his back. He says something looks at Alice: her expression's vacant. 
0) 1093) dialog: tries to focus, slammed against rocks, he's striking out against the current. He's grabbing for something. 
0) 1117) text: Magua totally disdains the Englishman and walks away from forested hill.  CUT TO ... EXTERIOR FOREST - HAWKEYE, UNCAS &amp; CHINGACHGOOK - TWI running cross-country after the Huron column. They leap o going. 
0) 1127) dialog: out on the flank. Running hard. 
1) 7) dialog: running. Then Uncas drops and the other two follow. 
1) 68) dialog: holding Killdeer. 
1) 69) text: Sky &amp; flames. Suddenly, Heyward's stood upright into his arms. As the flames start devouring him ...  HAWKEYE &amp; CORA close to Chingachgook and the tree line ... 
1) 70) dialog: tosses Hawkeye Killdeer. As fast as he jams it into his s
1) 90) dialog: seeing his boy killed, CRIES out and is charging up the p
1) 105) dialog: isn't there. He rolled and, on one knee with his back to The massive war club crashes into Magua's back. 
1) 107) dialog: now up and towering - slams his club right into Magua's a breaking Magua's right arm. And ... 
1) 108) dialog: ... with his momentum, spins like a shot-putter and the n side and crushes part of his chest. 
1) 111) dialog: 
1) 119) dialog: (Mohican) Great Spirit and the Maker of all Life ... 
1) 120) text: ON HAWKEYE &amp; CHINGACHGOOK We HEAR Hawkeye's English translation in VOICE OVER: 
1) 121) dialog: 
1) 123) text: Chingachgook's hands drop to his sides. He lets out his b eyes seek Hawkeye's. They hold ... 
1) 136) text: They move next to Chingachgook. He senses they're beside around her shoulders.
1) 137) dialog: The frontier moves with the sun and pushes  the red man of the wilderness forests in front  of it. Until one day there will be nowhere left.  Then our race will be no more, or be not us ...  The frontier place is for people like my white  son and his woman and their children. 
1) 140) dialog: No. It is true ... One day ... there will be no  more frontier. Then men like you will go, too.  Like the Mohicans.  (pause) And new people will come. Work. Struggle  to make their light ... One mystery remains. 
1) 142) text: Cora, listening to Chingachgook, takes Hawkeye's hand. 
1) 143) dialog: Will there be anything left to show the world  that we ever did exist? 