0) 47) dialog: Tradin' your skins in Castleton? 
0) 51) dialog: A French &amp; Indian army out of Fort Carillon's  heading south to war against the English. I'm  here to raise this county's militia to aid the  British defense. 
0) 53) dialog: We'll see in the morning ... 
0) 55) dialog: Few'd deny that? Where you headin'? 
0) 99) dialog: Boys. My sense of it is enough of us will join-up to  fill the county's levy. But only if General Webb  accepts a few terms I got in mind ... 
0) 117) dialog: (O.S.) ... if they are not allowed leave to defend their  families if the French or Hurons attack the  settlements, no colonial militia is goin' to Fort  William Henry.
0) 119) text: GENERAL JEROME WEBB sees Heyward and nods. Three of Webb' on either side. Three remaining Grenadiers in bearskin-co door. Facing Webb are a half dozen colonial representativ Winthrop. Heyward watches Jack ... 
0) 125) dialog: Does that mean they will be granted leave to  defend their homes if the settlements are  attacked? 
0) 127) text: Heyward's more amazed by what he's just heard from Webb. including Jack, are streaming past him on their way out.
0) 128) dialog: You got yourself a colonial militia, General. 
0) 158) text: He takes her hand in both of his and kisses it. He is ope CUT TO ... EXTERIOR POLTROON'S HOUSE, BACK YARD - CORA &amp; HEYWARD A vegetable plot behind the Poltroon's house is a provinc garden setting. Heyward and Cora sit on rough wooden chai background a servant hangs laundry. The white sheets bill setting. They're sitting close to each other, talking ser jacket is removed. Time's passed. Long pause. Then:
0) 572) dialog: (to one man)  Get together by the West Battery James &amp; Ian,  Sharitarish &amp; William. 
0) 639) text: Hawkeye, Captain Jack Winthrop, Ian, seven or eight other Heyward, two adjutants, one lieutenant of Rangers.
0) 641) dialog: Chingachgook's of the same opinion. Taken  together, that's gospel. Your fort will         stand  or fall depending on Webb and reinforcements,  not these colonials' presence. 
0) 651) text: Jack Winthrop grabs Nathaniel.
0) 662) dialog: We are not forgettin' Webb's promise! 
0) 664) dialog: Nathaniel's word been good on the frontier a  long time before you got here! 
0) 666) dialog: (to Munro)  Does the rule of English law no longer govern?  Has it been replaced by absolutism? 
0) 684) dialog: (low)  I believe if they set aside their law as and when  they wish, their law no longer has rightful  authority over us. All they have over us is  tyranny, then. And I'll stay here no longer.  No force on earth will keep me here ... Anyone  caught leavin' the fort could be shot. So each  man make your own decision ... Those who  are goin', be back here in an hour. 
0) 689) dialog: (in amazement) You're not coming with us? 
0) 692) dialog: That reason wear a blue dress and work  in the surgery? 