0) 142) dialog: rises and slowly walks into the light. He is reserved and shaved into a mohawk. Rings, beads &amp; feathers pierce shawl over his left shoulder exposing his right arm and h tomahawk is in the belt of his breechcloth.
0) 151) text: Beneath Magua's barely deferential manner we sense intell
0) 195) dialog: cradling his musket. 
0) 207) text: Heyward rides to the front of the column to Magua, who's of everybody else.
0) 209) text: Magua slowly turns towards Heyward.
0) 211) dialog: (perfect English) I understand. This is not good place to stop.  Two leagues from here. No water 'til then.  That where we stop. Better place. 
0) 213) dialog: (in Huron: English subtitle) "Magua understand paleface is a dog to his women. When his women want to eat, he lay aside his  tomahawk to feed their laziness." 
0) 215) dialog: Magua say: "Yes. Good idea." 
0) 221) text: slid his tomahawk out from the front of his belt that gir drop into his hand. He shrugs off his blanket. There is a we didn't see before. Magua turns about face and advances TRACK WITH Magua. Heyward and the Munro girls pass the camera as does Sgt. in advance of the men. Magua is approaching the soldier o We see Magua has caught the Redcoat's eye.
0) 250) dialog: shoots Ambrose in the chest, and ... 
0) 259) dialog: calmly sees the odds have changed. His attention becomes revealing act seen through the blurred foreground action remember it. He raises his musket and aims at ... 
0) 529) dialog: entering with four Huron braves. This is not the Magua we lock, now red-stained and cut to a Huron roach, are three blanket drapes his left shoulder. 
0) 533) text: Magua exhales in derision as he brings a chair to face Mo style ...
0) 538) dialog: English war chief, Webb goes to Fort Edward  with 33rd Regiment. He does not know my  father's army attacks Fort William Henry. 
0) 540) dialog: The Grey Hair will try. 
0) 542) dialog: The Grey Hair's children were under Magua's  knife but escaped. They'll be under it again. 
0) 544) dialog: When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat  his heart. Before he dies Magua will put his  children under the knife so the Grey Hair will  see his seed is wiped out forever. 
0) 767) dialog: in full war paint, with a coterie of Huron warriors, sile
0) 820) dialog: Is the hatchet buried between the English  and my French father? 
0) 822) dialog: Not a warrior has a scalp and the white men  become friends. 
0) 824) dialog: Magua took the hatchet to color it with blood.  It is still bright. Only when it is red, then it will  be buried. 
0) 826) dialog: Where is that sun?! It has gone behind the hill.  It is dark and cold. It has set on his people,  they are fooled and kill all the animals and sell  all of their lands to enrich the European masters  who are always greedy for more than they need.  (threatening) And Le Subtil is the son of his tribe. There have  been many clouds and many mountains. But now he has come to lead his nation. 
0) 828) text: Magua grabs the hand of the French commander. Imperceptib eyes. Magua jams Montcalm's fingers to his chest. 
0) 829) dialog: Does my father know that? 
0) 832) dialog: And this? 
0) 833) text: Magua turns his naked back to Montcalm and puts Montcalm'
0) 835) dialog: (laughs; sardonic) Magua slept hard in the English wigwams.  And the sticks left their mark ...  (pause; for real) Magua's village and lodges were burnt.  Magua's children were killed by the English.  Magua was taken as a slave by the Mohawks  who fought for the Grey Hair. Magua's wife  believed he was dead and became the wife of  another. The Grey Hair was the father of all  this.  (pause) In time Magua became blood-brother to Mohawk  to become free. In his heart he always was Huron.  And his heart will be whole again on the day  when the Grey Hair and all his seed are dead! 
0) 837) dialog: Does the chief of the Canadas believe the  English will keep the terms? 
0) 840) dialog: Many things my French father cannot do,  Magua can. 
0) 843) text: Magua abruptly leaves Montcalm.  CUT TO ...
0) 845) dialog: (in Iroquois; re: Montcalm) I wonder at the blindness and pride of the  white man. He believes only he knows  how to speak falsely to make other men do  his bidding. 
0) 846) text: Magua exhales in derision.  CUT TO ...
0) 899) dialog: glides through the scenes, striking and hunting. Some of He sees ... 
0) 920) dialog: Grey Hair. I will cut your heart from your  living chest in front of your eyes. As you die,  know that I will put under the knife your  children and wipe your seed from this earth  forever ... 
0) 921) text: Magua pulls his knife and as he leans down towards Munro MOHAWK &amp; HURON spin and flail furiously at each other with tomahawks and and then the Mohawk is shot. The Huron who shot him is cu tomahawk in one hand and bayonet in the other. Two Mohawk fighting back to back. They become an island swamped by H bodies and ground slippery with blood. As smoke obscures CORA &amp; ALICE in a group of civilian militia. Two of the militiamen are Fox warrior. Cora &amp; Alice run. 
0) 923) dialog: reaching down and up into something, emerges and jams an the air. But his arm and shoulder and half his chest are
0) 1088) dialog: enters. His blanket, like a shawl, over his left shoulder imperturbable. 
0) 1099) dialog: (as if considering) Gifts? 
0) 1101) dialog: Wampum? 
0) 1103) dialog: Does Yengeese Major have property  across salt sea? 
0) 1105) dialog: Yengeese Major give all property to Magua.  Magua give Yengeese Major much wampum,  many gifts, maybe three, four oxen. 
0) 1106) text: Magua looks at Heyward derisively. Does this white man th
0) 1108) dialog: For Munro children? 
0) 1110) dialog: How much gold has the master of the  Yengeese? 
0) 1112) text: Long pause as if Magua and King George II were seriously
0) 1113) dialog: Not enough. 
0) 1116) dialog: Heart. Give Magua new heart. 
0) 1117) text: Magua totally disdains the Englishman and walks away from forested hill.  CUT TO ... EXTERIOR FOREST - HAWKEYE, UNCAS &amp; CHINGACHGOOK - TWI running cross-country after the Huron column. They leap o going. 
0) 1123) dialog: is imperturbable. 
1) 0) text: on a rude platform. The entire village is crowded in a la someone. They've been waiting a long time. In the perimet bay for some reason. We see Magua. He stands apart. They
1) 3) dialog: (in Huron; subtitled) Many of the Yengeese are dead, great  Sachem.  (sound dissolve to English) I have brought three of my prisoners,  to honor you. Two are the children of Munro. Whose scalp hangs on my  lodge pole. And whose heart I cut from  his chest. 
1) 12) dialog: ... the earth was pale. Our tomahawks  were bright. Now they are dull from war.  And the Huron rich with the trophies of  honor ... Magua will sell the English  officer to Les Francais and the reward is  my gift to you, wise one ... The women -  children of the white war chief - will burn  in our fires so all can share in this. 
1) 14) dialog: senses the sachem's eye line ... 
1) 20) text: Magua starts towards Hawkeye, his tomahawk slipping into
1) 22) text: Sachem gestures with his hand to Magua. Magua reluctantly Hawkeye. Heyward's French translation has faded to a murm English.
1) 24) dialog: (to Sachem) Our father, Montcalm, is greater than the  Yengeese in the arts of war. The Huron  do not fear English anger. 
1) 27) dialog: (laughs) It made our French father happy to never  have to fight the same Yengeese again.  He told me this without telling me this. 
1) 30) dialog: No.  (to Sachem) Huron serve no one. The French father  believes he fooled Magua because he is so  proud of his cleverness, he is blind. But it  is the Huron path that Magua walks down,  not the French one ... Now, Les Francais,  also, fear Huron. That is good. When the  Huron is strong from their fear, we will make  the terms of trade with Les Francais. And we  will trade as the white man trades. Take land  from the Abnakes; fur from the Osage, Sauk  &amp; Fox. And make the Huron great. Over  other tribes. No less than the whites, as strong  as the whites. 
1) 31) text: Hawkeye appears to be losing his debate with Magua.
1) 33) dialog: (to Sachem) The red man put down the bow, picked up  the fire stick and became the best warrior  in the forest. Yes. It is the only way. 
1) 35) text: Magua starts to rebut. Sachem holds up his hand and stops whispers to the older men on either side of him. 
1) 36) dialog: waits for the decision. 
1) 48) text: Cora is jerked forward by three Hurons. Magua grabs Alice knocks her aside. Chaos &amp; confusion. Meanwhile: 
1) 49) dialog: (French; subtitled) This is not the voice of wisdom. I go to  the Hurons of the Lakes! You are women.  Send your arrows and guns to the Seneca,  beg from them venison to eat, corn to grind.  Slaves, dogs, rabbits, thieves ... I spit on you! 
1) 63) text: with Magua's group crosses the path. He drags Alice behin regains her feet. Magua is oblivious to her. He's heading
1) 84) dialog: running forward past Five, confronts Uncas head on. It's
1) 92) dialog: moves on Alice. His knife is low, about to strike. She st pools of deep water, calm, open, almost beatific. It stop
1) 93) dialog: inexplicably, drops his knife hand. He's riveted by her. something else. He wears a human face for this one moment other hand to offer her safety. To bring her back from th
1) 102) dialog: charging Chingachgook. 
1) 106) dialog: stunned, turns to hatchet Chingachgook ... 
1) 110) dialog: amazed. His body is broken and crippled, but he still sta the last warrior of the Mohicans. 
1) 113) text: Magua dies in the dust. 