0) 3) text: running hard. His head shaved bald except for a scalp-loc twenty-five. He seems tall and muscled. Heavy, even breat this man is UNCAS, the last of the Mohicans. 
0) 9) text: runs, disturbing no leaves, no branches; making no sound. to Uncas through the cathedral of mature forest. It's hea very little brush. The girth of the trees is huge. Shafts motes of dust and turn leaves emerald where the sun break there's ferns; rhododendron, sometimes pale grass and out These men run the forest streams, over boulders, fallen t ravines as if they own them. They do. 
0) 15) dialog: stops dead, holding out his hand ... no sound. 
0) 42) dialog: Your farm good to you this year, John? 
0) 44) dialog: Mohawk field we saw was 5 mile long on  the river. Chief Joseph Brandt's field. 
0) 48) dialog: No, Schylerville. With the Dutch for silver. French &amp; English want to buy with wampum  &amp; brandy. 
0) 57) dialog: So I can find a woman and make Mohican  children so our father will leave my brother  &amp; me in peace. 
0) 60) text: Uncas grabs James &amp; suspends him upside down.
0) 61) dialog: No. You are too strong. Turn me old  too fast! 
0) 62) text: Hawkeye grabs the kid from Uncas. The kid's laughing &amp Chingachgook watches, content, smoking his clay pipe.
0) 100) text: HAWKEYE &amp; UNCAS cross through the people. A few men drift off to their wo It is apparent two-thirds of the men will join. A couple no hostility. 
0) 104) dialog: We had our say, Ian. 
0) 216) text: As they begin to stop ...  CUT TO ... EXTERIOR MOUNTAINS &amp; FOREST - WIDE - DAY Silently entering on either side of us come Chingachgook, Uncas. Even relaxed, they carry themselves with a degree eighteenth century Viet Cong moving through the rain fore Parrish/Hudson Valley of tall trees, ravines and streams three cradle their long guns and move silently on moccasi
0) 276) dialog: scalps the man he killed. Chingachgook dispatches the Hur
0) 282) dialog: just cut the throat of the second Narraganset. It drops i him.
0) 284) text: Uncas gently restrains her. Cora reaches Alice and grabs Heyward runs in to protect the women ...
0) 286) text: Uncas, all business, is now reloading, lifting powder hor
0) 287) dialog: (matter of fact)  ... too easy to track ... they can be heard for  miles ... find yourself a musket ... 
0) 288) text: Cora's surprised by Uncas' easy English. Hawkeye's scanni
0) 315) text: Off to the side, Uncas smiles at the idea.
0) 326) dialog: stops, alarmed. Something in the air bothers him. Hawkeye
0) 332) dialog: returns from under one part of the wreckage, ashen, stoic degree of their inner pain.
0) 333) dialog: All dead ... 
0) 339) dialog: enters, very careful where he places his feet ... Hawkeye where he is: on the periphery with the women.
0) 340) dialog: Mirrors ... tools ... clothes ... all inside. 
0) 346) text: Heyward stops. Hawkeye and Uncas follow Chingachgook, lea
0) 372) dialog: moving fast. He gestures back the way he came and it mean disappears around the mound. 
0) 382) text: tensely monitor the Ottawa retreat.  UNCAS &amp; ALICE He slowly removes his hand from her mouth. She's a little catches his eyes. Then she averts her face. 
0) 417) dialog: looks over his shoulder, sees something in the far distan Chingachgook. 
0) 432) text: Hawkeye doesn't answer as he, Chingachgook, Uncas and Hey the top of the ridge.  CLOSER ANGLES: CORA &amp; ALICE join them and look down upon their expectation of a secur wilderness, a safe harbor, a father's warm welcome. 
0) 434) dialog: looks over his shoulder. 
0) 462) dialog: (on the run)  Didn't! 
0) 490) dialog: Some food. 
0) 561) text: Cora, curious, nods. Hawkeye cuts some pieces from her ru that she now uses to bandage Uncas. We don't know why; ne
0) 563) text: Uncas laughs, looking from her to Hawkeye. Then he's up a tend another wounded man. As they start out, Hawkeye hesi turns.
0) 570) dialog: You told him about the raid? 
0) 573) text: Hawkeye uses the fine cotton he took from Cora. Uncas see
0) 574) dialog: Tight weave. 
0) 576) text: Uncas nods. Hawkeye wets it to make a tighter gas seal an fit requires more effort. 
0) 939) dialog: sees a flash of something yellow. So does Hawkeye. They c chaos of attacking bodies. As we lose sight of them ... 
0) 986) dialog: leaps off the stern of Hawkeye's canoe and climbs up the control. He roughly gestures to the Redcoat and the Major Hawkeye will pilot the two canoes. 
0) 1004) dialog: lurches sideways, grabs a tree root. He is the only link with Heyward, is literally hanging over the edge. Uncas s the rock. He gestures to Heyward. 
0) 1042) dialog: immediately starts up the right acclivity to one fissure, carefully to the first fissure. Hawkeye follows. 
0) 1049) dialog: yanks her down next to him. He pulls her head into his ch edge, his tomahawk in front of him, his musket near his r was seen.  UNCAS &amp; ALICE He relaxes, looks at her and puts his finger to his lips Languorously, she lies back, closes her eyes and lays a h as if he were a prince in a romantic fantasy. Uncas tries
0) 1052) text: Her body shudders. Her terror's total. He tries to restra him. Then her mouth seeks his and in the passion of despa she holds him between her thighs. And Uncas is confused, and he responds. He loves her in the half-light. 
0) 1053) dialog: his hand buried in her hair irradiated by the moon, then emotional climax and begins to cry softly, and Uncas stop holds her. Then she's flooded with shame. He reaches for reaches for her again and clutches her to him. And she br face to him, but her expression has completely flattened.
0) 1054) text: She's not a lover to Uncas now. She's pitiful &amp; stric
0) 1117) text: Magua totally disdains the Englishman and walks away from forested hill.  CUT TO ... EXTERIOR FOREST - HAWKEYE, UNCAS &amp; CHINGACHGOOK - TWI running cross-country after the Huron column. They leap o going. 
1) 77) dialog: swings out, now hanging by the vertical face above the ov distorted with determination. Nothing will stop him. His His arms snap him up. Then push. He's on the ledge. Movin
1) 81) dialog: slams him off the rock with the butt of his musket. 
1) 82) text: Two's musket coming up. Uncas swings. FIRES. Before he's Three. 
1) 89) text: Uncas falls down the face onto to the rocks. 
1) 112) dialog: And he spins and swings. The blade side of the war club p caving him in two. 