8) 7) dialog: Not exactly. Javier fires, Enrique drops to the ground. Javier noves closer, kicking the gun out of reach before picking it up JAVIER ( CONT’ D) -- you’ re going to pay... (Enrique gags) Wy! ?! Why did you do it!?
8) 11) dialog: Wit -- Enri que’s eyes dimas SHOTS ARE FIRED. TIRES SKID -- anda SEDAN crashes off screen. FOOTSTEPS run past. Enrique’s breath shortens. He gasps, his chest rising, back-and-for back-and-forth, until it stops. Dead. Enrique’s head drops in the direction of the footsteps. W leave his body and nove toward the feet... ...as we drawcloser, we rise up -- getting a better | ook the “man.” It’s THOMAS BARNES, the Secret Service agent.. -- before we even get a full glimpse, we CUT Ta 43.
29) 0) text: ON THE COUPLE...that Lewcki had filmed earlier. Drawing closer, we get a second |ook at VERONICA Her eyes are locked on the man across fromher. Its no wonder that Lew cki mistook the intensity for desire... ... however, standing before her is JAVIER As he stares back, we get afar different sense of the man. Beneath his steel y eyes we sense a darkness, a man who has |ost his fighting nowto restore it. Hol ding a man’s bracelet in her hands, Veronica smiles -
29) 4) dialog: What have you done to hin?
29) 8) dialog: Don’t worry about ne. Vé follow himtoward the entrance. As he maneuvers the crowds, he passes ANWA wth her nother, MARIE. A fully fl edged | CE CREAM CONE in hand. Annais bunped, but the stays together --
30) 0) text: Javier slips out, checking his watch as he goes; he’s lat ROUNDI NG A CORNER... He picks up the pace, trying to cat for lost time. As he walks, he fishes an ear piece fromhi pocket. Almost inmedi ately, he picks up a conversationin midstream Leading is THE MAESTRO, the brains behi nd thei oper ation --
30) 2) dialog: @ ahead.
31) 0) text: Javier walks toward the entrance...as he crosses the stre we note that half the street is barricaded off. As he pas through the barricade, FELIPE (the sare YOUNG BELL MAN we at the end of Ashton’s story) approaches...offering his h
32) 0) text: As JAVIER enters, he takes note of the SECRET SERVICE bot inside and out. He makes his way toward the elevator, opening the envelope. Casually | ooking down, he retrieve card key -- IN THE ELEVATOR LOBBY... Javier presses the button, | ook over at a nearby AGENT, who appears to be si zing hi mup. Mai nt ai ning his composure, Javier turns away, refusing give the agent a reason to approach. The elevator doors open and Javier enters. He presses “5, and waits as the doors close. Just prior to closing, a ha stops the doors. An OLDER WOVAN enters, flustered. She presses “3” and the doors close. As she turns to face fro Javier checks his watch; time is not on his side... 15.
33) 0) text: Silence. All eyes are on the lights as they climb: 1...2. In his ear, JAVIER hears the MAYOR S SPEECH:
34) 0) text: Leaving the elevator, Javier moves wth purpose dom the hall, listening to DE SOTOS speech... As he walks dom the hall, he nods to a HOUSEKEEPI NG WOMA paying close attention as she steps back into one of the roons... Further down, he stops at ROOM 514 -- Checking back, the hall’s clear. Setting down his bag, he reaches in, retrieving one of his guns --
35) 3) dialog: (into his mic) Security rooms cleared -- MAESTRO ( V. ©. ) Do you have the frequency? ( CONTI NUED)
38) 0) text: Javier enters, gun out in front -- his noverent and accur a testament to his training. Nearing the elevators, he locks in on a SECOND AGENT and wthout a nonent’s hesitation, he fires again -- nailing h Javier continues around a corner. The REMAIN NG AGENT on floor turns and Javier strikes before the Man even has a chance. AT THE PRESI DENT’ S DOOR -- Javier mounts an explosive. He steps back, | owering the mask onto his face -- -- THE CHARGE EXPLODES -- bl ow ng the door clean off --
39) 0) text: JAVIER enters, his guns out infront. CAVIC fires and JAVI strikes back. Wthin seconds, Cavic is down -- Ashton drops toward the floor, shielding himself as Javie unl oads on HEI NKIN, sending the man back. QN MCCULLOUGH...as Javier turns, firing repeatedly. McCullough drops. Once the others are down, Javier turns Asht on. ( CONT! NUED)
39) 3) dialog: Don’t nove. Ashton stops. Turning around. ON JAVIER .. drawing closer, his guns trained on Ashton. his back, he pulls out the second gas mask -- JAVIER ( CONT’ D) Put it on.
40) 0) text: As they move forward, they pass the downed BODIES of the SECRET SERVICE. Javier can't help to look at their faces. He’s forced to consider the destruction he has wought --
41) 0) text: Exiting the hotel, Javier runs dow a darkened alley -- EXT. ClTY STREET - CONTI NUQUS Avoi ding the aftermath of the explosions and the mayhem Javier sprints onto one last narrower path --
42) 1) text: Javier races dow, his legs punping. Coning to the end, he stops; the pain in his chest is severe. Hs jacket begins noi st en...! ooking around, he’s alone; where the hel! i car 4 Wat if he’s been left here? What of his brother -- shit. He’s got to do something. Searching, searching -- Across the street, a HUSBAND and WFE open their car doors He’ ll have to take it. Javier steps off the curb, headin over just as -- -- the POLICE CAR brakes right in front of him Pounding t side, Javier throws the door open and clinbs in --
43) 1) dialog: C non... c’ non. Taylor looks over at Javier; what the fuck’s your probl e Pressing the gas pedal again, he accelerates further... Javier looks around, itching. Still not fast enough. te h to get there. He has to nove... Tayl or watches himout of the corner of his eye as they continue down the side streets and through the alleys -- Getting back onto a main road, Javier | ooks down at his injury. The bl eeding hasn’t stopped -- -- Taylor watches --
43) 3) dialog: It doesn’t matter... -- Just then they HEAR a CRASH in the background. Looking back there’ s a DAMAGED CAR behind them Taylor | ooks aga
43) 10) dialog: VW’ re going to the underpass now --
43) 12) dialog: |’? m picking up ny brother. Taylor |ooks over to see Javier has a gun draw.
43) 23) dialog: Not exactly. Javier fires, Enrique falls. Moving closer, Javier kicks gun out of Enrique’s reach before picking it up -- JAVIER ( CONT’ D) -- you’re going to pay... (gl aring down as Enri que gags) Wy! ?! Why did you do it!?
43) 30) text: Javier, his vision fading, |ooks over as the CAR spins an crashes - - -- BARNES runs past... ...and Javier’s head drops, his eyes falling to his shirt now soaked through... and the bracelet hanging awkwardly his wist... CUT TO. 86.
47) 2) dialog: @ ahead. ( CONT! NUED)
47) 7) dialog: I’? mon ny wey.
47) 9) dialog: |’ m here.
55) 1) dialog: Security rooms cl eared --
61) 0) text: AGENTS rush to help, leaving their numbers depl et ed -- -- watching above is JAVIER making his nove -- CUT TO.
72) 0) text: THE DOORS CPEN...she steps out to find a gun ained direct at her -- it’s Javier -- CUT Ta
75) 0) text: QN VERON CA...as she |ooks at Javier’s gun aimed at Ashto ( CONTI NUED)