0) 17) dialog: That’s Barnes -- -- Thomas Barnes?
0) 37) dialog: (as he orders up the foot age) -- right here... Kevin motions to the playback nonitor, wth the tine-date stamp over a year ago as archival footage unfolds --
0) 41) dialog: If we’re the only ones who’ ve got it, this could be huge....
0) 66) dialog: Rex -- Kevin poi nts to A-CAMMN TOR, were Angie | ooks ratt! ed.
0) 93) dialog: (re: the play back deck) Here. Rex turns to Kevin as he rewnds through the footage, pass shots of the back annex --
0) 100) dialog: This is crazy... THE A- CAM Caneraman staggers -- clearly out of sorts -- moves next to her. He tries shaking her. Rex | ooks away.
0) 105) dialog: The blast must have blown the nics --
0) 111) dialog: -- Over here. Rex watches as Kevin wheels his chair back over to PLAYBA Barnes follows. Pex stares -- he’s here --
0) 129) dialog: There’s the canera --
15) 2) dialog: Kevin. -- Qver here. Kevin slides over to Playback as Barnes draws closer -- BARNES ( CONT’ D) | need to see any footage you have of the back half of the Plaza -- As Kevin rewnds, WE PUSH IN ON BARNES as he stops dead in his tracks. There on one of the Playback decks is the fro image of himgetting shot a year earlier. He stares, his eyes | ocking on the pixilated image of a a man he barely recognizes, a man he’s been running froma year now. The two nen man face each other at last -- ( CONT! NUED)
92) 0) text: ADDI TI ONAL AGENTS, fromthe Plaza, arrive on the hand. AMBULANCES. POLICE. SPANISH AUTHORITIES help support the efforts. The middle of the street has become a cauldron.. ...A HELI COPTER prepares to take the President to safety However, he’s not boarding alone. Barnes is wth him MARK REI NHART (V. ©. ) -- reports out of Madrid now suggest that the President is out of intensive care. Hs condition is listed as stable. According to Director of Conmunicati ons, Kevin Albrecht, President Ashton has made a point of assuring Americans that he’s alright and that the surmit will continue in the days to come. Meanwhile, both Spanish and United States authorities are tight-lipped as to the identity of the lone assassin who was shot and killed this afternoon. Qur own Joan Kendrick has nore -- FADE TO BLACK.