0) 14) text: We see several shots of WITNESSES engaged in heated verba battles with congressmen, especially Committee Chairman T JOHNSTON DOYLE and the Majority Counsel, ELVIN CLYDE.
0) 16) text: Over shots of several of the "Hollywood Ten" being led to jail in handcuffs, the newsreel narration continues.
7) 0) text: The bottle is in front of Pete, who sits at the bar, quie getting stewed.  The Frolic Room is a classic Hollywood d dimly lit and full of character and characters. It's a qu night and getting quieter, as several PATRONS are just  leaving, waving goodbye to the bartender, JERRY, early 40 Jerry turns to Pete, eyes him suspiciously from the end o the bar. Pete picks up the bottle and pours another shot. Good boy, he got most of it in the glass.
20) 0) text: Pete and Stanton walk along Commerce Street, the main dra through the center of the small town. Lawson is a bit run down, creeping inexorably toward decrepit. Despite that,  there's a timeless quality to the small buildings, a fami All-American feel. Several of the PEOPLE walking along the street take notic of Pete and nod to Stanton, who nods back.
33) 0) text: The small apartment above the projection booth is quite a contrast to the rest of the theater. It's neat as a pin, fairly lit, as Harry has just pulled back the curtains,  allowing the sun to flood the room. A beam of golden light falls across a table, atop which a SEVERAL FRAMED PHOTOS. One of the photos is of the real, much-younger Luke. It's Norman Rockwell scene, at a train depot, with an army-iss olive drab duffel bag slung over his shoulder. He has one arm around Harry and the other around his mother. (And by the way, Pete's resemblance to the real Luke -- e in a nearly 10 year old photo -- is pretty damn startling
65) 0) text: A meeting of the Lawson City Council is in session, Mayor Cole presiding. Of the dozen council MEMBERS, we also  recognize Avery Wyatt and Roscoe Fitts. VERA DWIGHT, the  council secretary, a cherubic woman in her 40s, is readin the minutes of the last meeting.
65) 1) dialog: Finally, Roscoe Fitts moved, and Red  Curtis seconded, that the council  form a committee to investigate the  adoption of a new property taxation  structure. Motion carried, nine to  two, one abstention.
65) 2) text: As Vera speaks, the meeting room door opens and Luke, Har Old Time and Mrs. Terwilliger slip inside and take seats the unoccupied benches.
74) 0) text: Luke, Adele and Harry, wearing coveralls, sit at the coun devouring hefty plates of turkey with dressing and mashed potatoes and gravy. Luke's and Adele's hair is practicall white from plaster dust and Harry's face and hands are st with paint specks. At the other side of the counter, Mabel is chatting amiab with Bob Leffert. She smiles at him warmly, then turns to refill Harry's coffee cup. Harry thanks her, then turns b to the newspaper he's reading.
96) 1) text: We recognize several of the people. Carl Leffert. Bob Lef and Mabel Lanier. Daley Thornhill. Katie Rutherford. Stan Lawson. Now, there's nothing in the least bit threatening about the gathering -- and that's what's so disturbing ab it. They're not an angry mob, they're just standing there running the gamut of emotions. Shock. Disillusionment. Betrayal. It's an awkward moment. Pete doesn't quite know how to re He wants to go over and talk to them, but he wouldn't kno what to say. He wishes one of them would talk to him, jus say something, anything. But no one does. Then, Bob Leffert turns away from Pete. He shoves his hoo hand into his pocket and sullenly moves away, followed by Mabel, then his brother, then the others... ...leaving Pete alone.
97) 2) text: As Mrs. Terwilliger and Old Tim silently shamble off, Pet goes over and flips OFF several light switches. Most of t theater goes dark.
104) 0) text: The House Committee on Un-American Activities has effecti taken over the Grand Ballroom of this magnificent hotel, the joint is packed to the rafters. Members of the AUDIEN crane their necks to see out into the hallway, from where the witnesses will be entering. The COMMITTEE MEMBERS are seated at their dais, brightly by the dozens of newsreel and TV lights. Elvin Clyde is s at the far right. Dead center of the dais is the Chairman CONGRESSMAN T. JOHNSTON DOYLE of Wisconsin, a husky man i his late 50s. He SLAMS his gavel down several times and t room goes quiet -- the talking stops, and the cameras sta whirring.
112) 26) text: Doyle BANGS his gavel several times. Pete stops and the r falls quiet.