4) 78) text: It has been kmown, Mr. Vole. Blood 4s thicker than evidence. (there is a knock) . Yes? MR. BROGAN-MOORE enters. He is in his middle forties, tall, correct in manner and dress. He is carrying © brief case and a folded newspeper.
4) 80) dialog: (crossing briskly to Sir Wilfrid) So good to have you out of hospital --
4) 82) dialog: How do you do. (they shake hands) yo sIr (cueing him) The Emily Yrench mrder.
4) 83) dialog: (with reneved interest) ~ Oh, how di do. Candies bénas again)
4) 90) text: ‘wes hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it vas laid? No motive. No motive whetsoever! {a skeptical glance from Brogan-Moore) You find some flaw in this line of reasoning?
4) 93) dialog: (with a smile) We'll simply put a lien on Mr. Volets eighty thousand pounds.
4) 97) dialog: (handing the newspaper to Sir Wilfrid) They opened Mrs. French's bank vault today and found her will, (to Vole) Congratulations. oO 22. 23.
4) 110) dialog: Chief Inspector, as of last month.
4) 125) dialog: Yes, I'll tell her.
4) 129) dialog: Yes, of course. SIR WILFRID . (to Hearne) Will you see to it -that Mr. Vole is well treated? ©. (whisks the other cigar from Mayhew's pocket, Here -- have 2 cigar!
4) 135) dialog: Yes, rather. Did you give him the monocle test?
4) 137) dialog: I hope he does as well in the Dock. This is sticky, you know.
4) 139) dialog: (artly) I think I'd like it more if 1t was less of a challenge. Carter enters..
4) 143) dialog: Mayhew should get-on to Mrs. Vole and have her come over. Wi1l you sit in? 25.
5) 0) text: Brogan-Moore is interviewing Mrs. Vole. He is seated ‘behing the desk. Mrs. Vole is in a chair near the window. She is very calm and poised. Sir Wilfrid enters quietly, gestures to Brogan-Moore to contime, then moves to a position from which he can observe Mrs. Vole. o
5) 2) dialog: Well, that's quite natural. And I'm sure a jury will fine 1t rather endearing.
5) 4) dialog: A simple acquittal will do. Now, Mrs. Vole, you know that Mrs. Prench left your husband money?
5) 6) dialog: of course, your husband had no previous knowledge of this bequest?
5) 14) dialog: Ido. An entirely natural and understandable relationship.
5) 37) dialog: Then it is true -- he was at home with you at nine twenty-six?
5) 39) dialog: And he did not go out again?
5) 41) dialog: Isn't it the truth?
5) 44) dialog: You are aware, of course, that when I put you in the witness pox you will be sworn, and you will testify under oath? a)
5) 68) dialog: (after a beat) Care to join me in a whiff of those. smelling salts? (sir Wilfrid doesn't answer; walks - to the window)
5) 70) dialog: The Prosecution will break her down in no time when I put her in the witness box. (while Sir Wilfrid 1s looking out the window) You know, defending this case is going to be rather like The Charge of the light Brigade, or one of those Japanese suicide pilots - quite one-sided, with the odds all on the other side. I haven't got mech to go on™: - with, have I? The fact is, I've got nothing. Sir Wilfrid turns from the window.
13) 0) text: The lights are on. It is after office hours and the last of the secretaries is putting the cover on her typewriter. Two lerge steamer trunks are tagged, ready for shipment. An elderly man, neatly dressed, is seated on the visitors! pench, a cardboard box held on his knees, He is Sir Wilfrid's tailor. After a few seconds Sir Wilfrid enters, followed by Mayhew, Brogan-Moore, Carter and Miss Plimsoll. They are coming beck from Court.
13) 9) dialog: Not on this case, I'm afraid. This seems too open-and-shut.
13) 12) dialog: No, they didn't like her <-- but they believed her. They liked Leonard ~ Vole, but they didn't believe him
13) 14) dialog: Wilfrid, do you think she lied?
13) 16) dialog: I don't know. I'm not sures
13) 19) dialog: He's right I want to see you save ourself. This isn't going to be your last case -~
14) 0) text: Sir Wilfrid comes storming out, followed by Mayhew. Carter and Brogan-Moore look after them. The tailor is still seated on the bench. He jumps up, holding up the shorts!
16) 14) text: (turning to Brogan-Moore) If you still have any doubts about Leonard Voie, I wouldn't mind betting you a very small box of cigars. Christine is now in the Witness Box. zy) yo yo . . ‘ i256. Mrs. Helm, you appreciate that you _ ere still under cath?
16) 60) dialog: (handing Sir Wilfrid the cigars I concede! Congratulations!
16) 62) dialog: Oh, come now, it's all over. Wrapped up, neat and ticy. Sir Wiifrié grunts and rises with some aureiculty, adjust his sleeve anc his collar and robe. BROGAN-MDORE. What's wrong?
17) 0) text: The Jury is filing back into its seatse There is a hush of expectation. Leonard Vole, nerves strained to the breaking point, is in the Docke His eyes anxiously scan the Jurors, as if to try to guess their verdict. Then his gaze wanders toward Sir Wilfrid and Brogan-Moore, just seating them- selves. Sir ‘yilfrid, leaning forward, does not meet his eyese He looks past the Dock toward -~ The glass-panelled door leading into the Courtroom. Tho Courtroom Officer stands on guard. The door, opening inward, is pushed just slightly open and through the aperature we see Christine tensely awaiting the verdict. In the Gallery, the spectators are silent, motionless, in taut anticipation of the result. Among them is Miss Plimsoll and beside her, the dark girl. In the Court, the Clerk rises.
17) 16) dialog: {looking after Vole, smiling) Chipper, isn't he? An hour ago he had one foot on the gallows and the other on a banana peel. (to Wilfrid) You ought to be very proud, Wilfrid. - (Wilfrid's brow 1s lined with thought ) - Are you?