11) 2) dialog: (facing the Dock) Leonard Vole, you are charged on. tndictzent for that you on the fourteenth day of September in the County of Lonion, murdered Emily Jane French. How say you, Leonard Vole? Are you guilty or not guilty? In the Dock, flanked by two warders, stands Leonard Vole, ‘pale and tense.. . ~
11) 4) dialog: (tarning to’ the jurors) Members of the Jury, the prisoner stands indicted for that he on the fourteenth day of September murdered Emily Jane French. To this indictment he has pleaded not’ guilty, and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not. Clerk: sits) & ho. y9 eS
16) 0) text: Start on Vole as he is being escorted by two Warders up t stairs from the celis below the Old Belley into the Dock, fhe CAMERA pens up to reveal the Courtroem. It is the cpe ing of the fourth doy of the trial and the crowded courtr is awaiting the entrance of the Judge. Presently there ar the three knocks herelding the Judge's entry: USHER . Stand up! All rise. Judge, Clerks, Alderman, etc, enter and move to their places on the Bench.
17) 0) text: The Jury is filing back into its seatse There is a hush of expectation. Leonard Vole, nerves strained to the breaking point, is in the Docke His eyes anxiously scan the Jurors, as if to try to guess their verdict. Then his gaze wanders toward Sir Wilfrid and Brogan-Moore, just seating them- selves. Sir ‘yilfrid, leaning forward, does not meet his eyese He looks past the Dock toward -~ The glass-panelled door leading into the Courtroom. Tho Courtroom Officer stands on guard. The door, opening inward, is pushed just slightly open and through the aperature we see Christine tensely awaiting the verdict. In the Gallery, the spectators are silent, motionless, in taut anticipation of the result. Among them is Miss Plimsoll and beside her, the dark girl. In the Court, the Clerk rises.
17) 1) dialog: The prisoner will stand up. Vole and the Warders rise. |
17) 2) dialog: Members of the Jury, are you all agreed upon your verdict?
17) 4) dialog: Do you find the prisoner at the bar, Leonard Stephen Vols, guilty or not guilty? ~ Vole is trying to stand steady. The palms of his hands are moist and he automatically rubs them against his coat