11) 11) dialog: You may, Mr. Myers, and you may also proceed with the case for the Prosecution. ‘The transcript will be available to Sir Wilfrid should he require it. — Co . « . * 70. Thank you, my lord. (to the jury) The facts in this case are simple, and to a point, not in dispute. You will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of Mrs. Emily French, a woman of fifty- six; how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection. The nature of that affection you ca will have to decide for yourselves. On the night of October lith, last, between nine-thirty and ten o'clock, Mrs. French was murdered and medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a4 blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and 1t is the case for the Prosecution that the blow wae struck by the prisoner, Leonerd ole. VOLE. (excitedly) That's not true, I didn't do it. The Warder rises with him and urges him back into his sea The commotion subsides.
12) 8) dialog: Mr. Myers, it seems that Sir ~ Wilfrid has joined us just in time to catch you on a point of grammar. Please rephrese your ques tion.. Sir Wilfrid, with a little smile at Hearne, sits down. Yes, my lord. — (to Hearne) Inspector, is it your opinion that the assailant -- . (glaring at Sir Wilfrid) -~- whether he, she or it -= took Mrs. French by surprise? o
12) 54) dialog: Quite right, Mr. ra Tet us not surmise, Sir wileria, Dut confine ourselves to facts.
12) 89) dialog: An excellent question. However, it has been installed at considerable expense to the taxpayers so let us take advantage of it. Please continue.
12) 99) dialog: (sternly) I will not allow that question to be answered, Mr. Myers.
12) 109) dialog: I'm afraid we cannot admit that.
12) 111) dialog: Members of the Jury, it is possible for 8 woman to read the Life of Disraeli without contemplating marriage with a man younger than herself.
12) 183) dialog: I should like to see that certificate. (Usher hands it to him; he looks at 1t quickly) I think this witness 1g qualified to give evidence, (hands 1+ beck to Usher) fhe Usher carries the document to Sir Wilfrid. He takes it and without looking at 1t throws it angrily on the tab
12) 184) dialog: (to Myers) Having had the benefit of Sir Wilfriats opinion, you may proceed.
12) 200) dialog: If the Defense so desires IT will order a brief recess, so that the prisoner may gain control of himself. Oo as) hea,
12) 202) dialog: Proceed, Mr. Myers.
12) 250) dialog: Sir Wilfrid, are you ready for the Defense? “ difftevlty) My lord, members of the Jury, the Prosecution has very ably presented against the prisoner, Leonard Vole, & case of the most overwhelming circumstantial evidence, Among the witnesses you have heard Chief Inspector Hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and imertisl manner -~- as he always does in these cases. He has evolved and put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed. Whether it 1s theory or actual fact, however, you will] decide for vourseivess Then - you have hea: ie evidence of Janet MacKenzie, @ worthy and devoted housekeeper, who has suffered two most grievous losses. One, the death of her beloved ‘mistress -- and second, in being deprived of an inheritance of 80,000 pounds which she had fully expected to receives I will not comment further on her evidence, Ccont®a) ne.
12) 261) dialog: Have you, in fact, concluded . your exemination of the prisoner, Sir Wilfrid? sir (hair rising) My lord, the prisoner has endured three days of the most profound mental sgony and shock. The Defense feels that his faculties should be spared for the cross- examination by my learned friend for the Prosecution, This not a plea for any indulgence. - I an Confident thet no matter how - searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.. (he sits :
12) 279) dialog: A honey bionde, Mr. Myers? ne. 107.
16) 0) text: Start on Vole as he is being escorted by two Warders up t stairs from the celis below the Old Belley into the Dock, fhe CAMERA pens up to reveal the Courtroem. It is the cpe ing of the fourth doy of the trial and the crowded courtr is awaiting the entrance of the Judge. Presently there ar the three knocks herelding the Judge's entry: USHER . Stand up! All rise. Judge, Clerks, Alderman, etc, enter and move to their places on the Bench.
16) 2) dialog: _ Since the Defense has called tut one witness -- the prisoner -- it has the right to be heard lest in summation. Therefore, Mr. Myers, if you are ready, let us heve the final address for the Prosecution. Myers rises, adjusts his robe and wig with the air of a man contemplating imminent, certain triumph,
16) 4) dialog: You'd vetter begin again, Mr. Myers -=- that is, 1f Sir Wilfrid 1s at ail interested in our proceedings. SIR WILFRID . (making his way to his ! seat) I am indeed, my lord! The summetion for the Crown, however, is premature --- I ask thet the case for the defense be reopened and that a witness be recalled! There 1s a reaction in the Courtroom. Vole looks at Sir Wlifrid with ea new glint of hope. Drogen-Moore is puzzled by this approach. My lord, I must strenuously object to the reopening cf e case which the Prosecution regards as clozed.
16) 9) dialog: I aid? (catching himse1f) Oh, yes. Before Mr. Justice Swindon, Now, what is this new evidence, Sir Wilfrid?
16) 10) text: Letters, my lord. Written by Christine Hein, ’ There is a sharp reaction from Vole. Sir Wilfrid has given the letters to an Usher, who takes them to the Judge. As the Judge inspects the letters --
16) 12) dialog: Your memery for once serves you 413, Mr. Myers. My objection was over- ruled by Mr. Justice Swindon -- as yours is now, by me! He hands the packet of blue letters to the Usher, who earries them back to Sir Wilfrid.
16) 45) dialog: Usher, give the witness a chair. = The Usher helps Christine to a stool near the table. She erties, her head burled in her arms.
16) 49) dialog: Mrs. Helm, will you go back to the witness box? The Usher helps her to the Box. She 1s pale, her cheeks streaked with tears.
16) 53) dialog: Before answering, Mrs. Helm, I wish to warn you: the law regarding perjury in this country is very severe. If you have already committed perjury dn this courtroom, I strongly advise you not to adé to your crime. But if this letter hes not been written by you, then now is the time to categorically state this fact! y> (mristine looks from the Judge to Vole -- then to sir’ wilfrid.
17) 6) dialog: Leonard Stephen Vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of Bally Jane French on September 1th. You are hereby discharged and are free to leave the Court. He rises, the Courtroom rises with him. He bows to the Court and the Court bows back. Then the Judge exits,- followed by the Alderman and Judge's Clerk. There is again an upsurge of excitement. Spectators are trying to reach Vole, but are pushed toward the exits by the police and warders- Vole shakes hands with his warders. The Jury is filing out, as do Myers and his associates. The Gallery, too, is. emptying.