0) 64) text: Mayhew is about to speak to 4 typist, then sees Carter. He gestures to Vole to wait. Vole lights a cigarette while Meyhew walks up to Carter.
0) 65) dialog: Good afternoon, Carter, Would it be possible to see Sir Wilfrid? Itm sorry I didn't ring up for an appointment, but this is urgent.
0) 67) dialog: I'm sure he'll want this brief - (nodding toward Vole and lowering his voice) -~ Serious criminal matter. The typists look up at Vole, eyeing him curiously. He smiles uncomfortably in return.. CARTER . Absolutely not, Mr. Mayhew, (behind him, Sir Wilfrid slides into SHOT. in the inclin- ator) Sir Wilfrid is still convalescent. He cannot possibly accept anything of an overstimieting nature. .
0) 69) dialog: Hello, Wilfrid, This is very dis- ressing news about your health.
0) 71) dialog: If you could give us just a few mimites. My client is right here. (pointing) This is Mr. Leonard Vole. He's in rather a ghastly mess, I'm afraid, ‘SIR WILFRID How do you do, Mr. Vole.
0) 77) text: Mayhew! Mayhew! Mayhew and Vole have turned to go. They turn back. Sir Wilfrid has come down on the inclinator and jumps up from the seat.
0) 81) dialog: That's very kind of you, Wilfrid. He and Vole are about to follow Sir Wilfrid into his office.
0) 88) dialog: -- it's the case of Mrs. Emily French. You have probably seen the reports in the Press. She was a middle-aged widow, rather well-off, living with a housekeeper in Hampstead. Mr. Vole had been with her earlier in the even- ing. When the housekeeper returned from her day off at eleven P.M. she found her mistress dead -- struck on the back of the head and killed.
0) 90) dialog: Vole seems a harmless chap -- caught in a web of circumstantial evidence -~ perhaps if I gave you some more of the details, you might suggest the strongest line of defense -- . ce : . ~v
0) 92) dialog: Of coursee (handing him one) There are naturally no previous convictions, he 1s a man of good character, with an excellent war record == you would like him a lote sir Wilfrid has torn off the band, bitten off the end of the cigar and is searching frantically on his desk, and in the drawers for a matchs
0) 94) dialog: {fumbling in his pockets) As I see it, the defense may turn on establishing alibi for the evening of the murder == (no matches) Sorry -- I haven't any matches- (getting up) Let me get somes
0) 114) dialog: Mr. Vole, I am a solicitor. Sir Wilfrid is 4 barrister. Only a berrister can actually plead a case in court. ~. Sir Wilfrid is completely sbsorbed in his cigar, on which an inch of ash has now appeared. He bends back, opening a small drawer in an old file cabinet behind hin, He drops the ash there, then closes the drawer.
0) 123) dialog: They seemed satisfied, Mr. Vole. “(to Sir Wilfrid) He thinks thet he made a statement and that's the end ~ of it. (back to Vole) Mr. Vole, isn't it obvious to you that you will be regarded as the principal and logical suspect in this case? I have great fear that you will be arrested.
0) 130) dialog: Really, Mr. Vole, you mstn't take such a morbid point of view.
0) 132) dialog: Relax, Mr. Vole. I am putting you in the hands of the finest ~ and. most experienced barrister in London --
0) 138) dialog: Yes, I do. (to Vole) A very able man. I second Sir Wilfrid's recommendation.
2) 40) dialog: She and her husband had lived abroad in British Nigeria -- for many years. He was in the Colonial Service. He died in forty-five - of a heart attack.
4) 108) dialog: (sympathetically) Mr. Brogan-Moore will certainly bring that out in court.
4) 126) dialog: I'll go down to the station with you and see that you're properly charged. an
7) 0) text: A small, grey room with a single desk and three chairs. Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew, in their overcoats, are waiting. A civilian photographer is setting up a tripod camera. Vole enters, the guard closing the door and remaining outside.
7) 6) dialog: Get into these, vill you? We need. a photograph. VoIE (as Mayhew helps hin into the coat) What for?
7) 7) dialog: Because these are what you wore on the night of the mrder. We want to circulate a photogreph. Perhaps someone did see you leaving Mrs. French on your way home.
7) 9) dialog: (to Photographer) I'll pick up the negatives later, thank you. During the following, the photographer packs up his equipment and leaves.
9) 84) dialog: I hear it may be Mr. Myers for the Crown. We can't take chances him,
9) 86) dialog: (opening the door) Guard! (pleading) But Christine mst give evidence.
10) 2) text: I cantt face this without Christine, I tell you, I'm scared. I need her. Without her, I'm sunk. Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew contime down the corridor. They react, but they don't look back. after a few more steps: MAYHEW . Touching, isn't it, the way he counts on his wife.
13) 0) text: The lights are on. It is after office hours and the last of the secretaries is putting the cover on her typewriter. Two lerge steamer trunks are tagged, ready for shipment. An elderly man, neatly dressed, is seated on the visitors! pench, a cardboard box held on his knees, He is Sir Wilfrid's tailor. After a few seconds Sir Wilfrid enters, followed by Mayhew, Brogan-Moore, Carter and Miss Plimsoll. They are coming beck from Court.
13) 13) dialog: And that travel egency business deesn't help, either. Cigar, Wilfrid? (extends one; Sir Wilfrid waves it away) ©
14) 0) text: Sir Wilfrid comes storming out, followed by Mayhew. Carter and Brogan-Moore look after them. The tailor is still seated on the bench. He jumps up, holding up the shorts!
15) 0) text: The dominant feature of the place is a mirrored bar of dark wood, crowded with travelers and Juzesgee Tables and chairs fill the rest of the room. Tail windows give a view of the trains, travelers and attendants outside the Buffet. Intermittently there is the rumble of trains in arrival or departure, and jets of steam from the engines» Sir Wilfrid comes in briskly, followed by Mayhew. He is a bit short of breath, still puffing nervously on his cigar The two men scan the room for their rendezvous- They move down the bar until they see someone who fits the bill. A “middle-aged brunette woman, flamboyantly dressed, with a . a . Li7. Jigger of whiskey and a beer chaser at her elbow. She is reading an afternoon paper with the headline: VOLE TRIAL IN THIRD DAY. She is overly made up and her hair is marce ea to fall over one side of her face. Her generel attitud indicates quite a few whiskeys and beer chasers. She sens their presence when they stop and look up in the bar mirr
15) 8) dialog: AB you please, Now, what 1s this informa- tion you allegediy have? ~
15) 12) dialog: What is it you have -- madame?
15) 16) dialog: If you will let us see these letters, mademe, we shall be able to advise you as to how pertinent they are.
15) 18) dialog: If these letters contain infermation useful to the defense -- (takes out his wallet) -- Iam prepared to offer you ten pounds.
15) 27) dialog: I've bad messages from he, It looks Like her handwriting. (continues to read) Good Lord, look at this!
15) 46) dialog: Gone, I'd say. She just doesn't want her other cheek slashed. Can't blame her, can you? There is the rumble of a train leaving the station. Meyhe gathers the letters together. Sir Wilfrid goes to the bar where the two whiskeys are still standing. He downs one, at a gulp.
16) 31) text: The prisoner, in his own interest, will remain silent! : Mayhew gestures to Vole to sit down, and he does by the Warders.
16) 64) dialog: (from the open door) The jury is just coming back.