0) 3) dialog: Now, now -- we've been flat on our back for two months -- we'd petter be careful! She has pulled up the robe and tries to tuck him in again. He slaps her hand. THE GATE OF LINCOIN's INN (DAY) fhe Porter at the gate recognizes the Rolls, salutes Sir Wilfrid and waves the car through. 5. 6. To 3. EXT, LINCOLN's INN (my) The Rolls proceeds through the Square. It is all very sedate: the old buildings wearing ivy and some barristers wearing robes and wigs. INT. ROLIS-ROY CE (Dax)
0) 4) dialog: (peering out) Lovely! It must be perfectly lovely to live and work in the Inns of Court. How lucky you lawyers are! (a beat) I almost married a lewyer once. I was in attendance when he hed, his appendectomy. We became engaged as soon as he could sit up. But then peritonitis set in He went like that. . (snaps her fingers)
0) 6) dialog: Teeny-weeny steps, now Sir ~ Wilfrid. We must remember -- we hed a teeny-weeny heart attack.
0) 22) dialog: Not very likely. They won't take you back, (to the staff) He wasn't really discharged, you \mow -= he was expelled. For con- duct. unbecoming 2 cardiec patient.
0) 46) dialog: (unswerving, Beddy-bye. We'd better go ups tairs now, get undressed and lie down.
0) 49) dialog: Come along now, like a good boy. oa SIR WILFRID ° Take your hand off me, Miss Plimsoll, or I shall strike you with my cane. he raises his cane) yy 9 10. 9.
0) 50) dialog: oh, youtd never do that -- you might break your cigars.
0) 52) dialog: (evenly) The ones you're smiggling in your cane. She pujis the rubber tip from the cane. Three coronas fall out of the hollow cane. sir (blus tering) You <= you could be jailed for this -- you had no search warrant for my cane.
0) 58) dialog: I think it's a splendid idea, Let's try it, shall we? She is about to plant herself on the seat when Sir Wilfrid shoulders her aside.
0) 73) dialog: (calling down) Sir Wilfrid! You're dawdling again!
0) 99) dialog: - (desperate; advancing) Really, Sir Wilfrid --
0) 144) dialog: (on the verge of breakdown) Sir Wilfrid, I heave never known such insubordination -= no, not even when I was a murse in the front lines, during the War -
4) 160) text: 4h, 25. Sir Wilfrid lets the monocle fall, seats himself on t . inelinator and presses the button, 111 the time glaring ‘ro at the closed door of his office. The inclinator rise ‘ and Miss Plimsoll trots beside it.
4) 161) dialog: I shall have 2 very serious talk with Dr. Herrison. It was a mistake to let you come back here. - I should have taken you directly to a rest home, or to a resort -- some place quiet, far off -- like Bermuda.
4) 163) dialog: (plucking at his a sleeve ( Come, now, Sir Wilfrid, you mst 7 not think of it. You mst get ready for sleep -~ think beautiful thoughts. ~ She leads him into the bedroom.
4) 165) dialog: After your rest, we'll have o nice cup of cocoa, Then perhaps we'll go for a little walk in the square. Behind the screen Sir Wilfrid hasn't made 4 move to get i the pajamas. His body is here; his mind is in the office below.
4) 166) dialog: (ousy with the bed) I mst say, I feel sorry for that nice Mr. Vole -- not just because he was arrested -- but that wife of his -- she mst be German -- I suppose that's what happens when we let our boys cross the channel: they go crazy --~ Personally, I think the Government should do something about those foreign wives -- like an embergo -- how else can we take care of our own surplus -- don’t you agree, Sir. Wilfrid? (the bed is ready) All right, hop in -- : (no ansver) Sir Wilfrid! Alarmed, she looks behind the screen. The pajamas are there, but no Sir Wilfrid. She runs oute.
4) 168) dialog: Sir Wiitria! . Too late. She gets a last glimpse of Sir Wilfrid entering his office.
11) 19) dialog: : (passing ‘the syringe) Now, bea good brave boy, Sir Wilfrid.
11) 20) text: yo 41. . 72. ‘SIR WILFRID Miss Plimsoll, it may interest you to kmow that I am descended from a warrior family which treces its brave past back to Richard the Iion-hearted (off-scene Dr. Harrison has jabbed him with the needle) oe
11) 24) dialog: (to Carter) let me see it, please. / ( the thermos - to Dr. Harrison) My leerned patient is not above substituting brandy for the cocoa -- (she has removed the cap, sniffs at the contents) It is cocoa. So sorry. ’ SIR WILFRID If you were a woman, Miss ‘Pilmsoll, I'd strike youl He snatches the thermos and hands it to Carter. oo ke.
12) 144) dialog: (to her blonde neighbor) Odd -- it's not time yet. Sir Wilfrid, catching her look, quickly takes a pill from the white box and swallows it with an innocent grin, “90. a€ 42, In the Courtroom, the Usher cries "Silence" and as oo crowd subsides, Myers rises.
12) 240) text: By now he is short of breath, his hand holding his chest. In the Gallery, Miss Plimsoll sees his distress. She Jeans forward to attract Carter's attention.
12) 241) dialog: (hoarse whisper) ' The other pill -- under the (pantomimes it) Carter rises quickly, takes out the black: pill-box and surreptitiously passes it to Brogan=Moores During this --
12) 247) text: Then that, my lord, is the case for the Prosecution. He indicates to Christine to step down, and sits. © The Courtroom is buzzing with excitement. Christine crosses to the Exit, looking straight shead. In the Deck Vole sits mumb, his head bowed. The eyes of the varders follow her, but Vole never raises his head. In the Gallery, Miss Plimsoll glances at her blonde neighbor and sees her wiping eway a tear.
12) 248) dialog: (opening her handbag) Want a tissue?
13) 0) text: The lights are on. It is after office hours and the last of the secretaries is putting the cover on her typewriter. Two lerge steamer trunks are tagged, ready for shipment. An elderly man, neatly dressed, is seated on the visitors! pench, a cardboard box held on his knees, He is Sir Wilfrid's tailor. After a few seconds Sir Wilfrid enters, followed by Mayhew, Brogan-Moore, Carter and Miss Plimsoll. They are coming beck from Court.
13) 6) dialog: Ittll be all over by tomorrow after . noon. The boat train isn't until nine-forty.
14) 4) dialog: (deeply pained) What am I to do? -----
16) 38) dialog: (with pride) Wilfrid the Fox! That's what we call him, and that's what he is! Below, order is restored.
17) 0) text: The Jury is filing back into its seatse There is a hush of expectation. Leonard Vole, nerves strained to the breaking point, is in the Docke His eyes anxiously scan the Jurors, as if to try to guess their verdict. Then his gaze wanders toward Sir Wilfrid and Brogan-Moore, just seating them- selves. Sir ‘yilfrid, leaning forward, does not meet his eyese He looks past the Dock toward -~ The glass-panelled door leading into the Courtroom. Tho Courtroom Officer stands on guard. The door, opening inward, is pushed just slightly open and through the aperature we see Christine tensely awaiting the verdict. In the Gallery, the spectators are silent, motionless, in taut anticipation of the result. Among them is Miss Plimsoll and beside her, the dark girl. In the Court, the Clerk rises.
17) 60) dialog: Sir Wilfrid -- the luggage is in the car == wetve only 20 minutes to make the boat train -- (then aware of the girl) Oh -- this is a nice young la I met in the gallery during the trial -- (she stops astounded as the girl runs to Vole)
17) 76) text: Uy?» Sir Wilfrid sits quietly, watching. From off we hear an officer cry "Get a doctor}" and the sobbing of Diana. Then Miss Plimsoll comes to Wilfride He looks up at here
17) 77) dialog: She killed him-
17) 81) dialog: (softly) Better bring the luggage back, = and you can dismiss the car -=- (to Sir Wilfrid) =- we're not going yet, are we? There is a long exchange of looks. between the two, then Miss Plimsoll reaches down for his wig, hands it to him.
17) 84) dialog: (calling after him) Sir Wilfrid! -- you forgot your brandy! He stops, smiling. She grabs the thermos and takes it to him quickly» He puts bis arm across her shoulder as they walk out of the courtrooms