2) 0) text: Vole strolls by the shop, stops and looks at a display of silly hats in the window. He looks casually into the shop and. sees a middle-aged Jady, neat and prim -- MRS. EMILY FRENCH. The salesgirl is just putting a small, conservative hat on Mrs. French. She studies herself in the mirror. Suddenly she is aware that Vole is looking at her. She turns toward him. Vole shakes his head in disapproval. She accepts his decision, tries on a second hat, looks again toward Vole for his opinion. Ail she gets is a "not good, not bad" sort of look. She discards the hat, tries on a third one. This is a wide-brimmed - affair, quite wild. ‘She looks expectantly at.Vole. He likes this one and nods his approval. She looks again at the mirror, then rushes out of the shop to talk to him
2) 1) dialog: You really like this one? VOLE. Very much.
2) 2) dialog: You don't think it's too — too maa? yp yp 17.
2) 4) dialog: You really think so?
2) 19) dialog: (recognizing him) Hello, It’s your fault, you know-- you chose it yourself. She is ebout to take off the hat, sees the empty seat nex to him, then glances at him.
2) 21) dialog: Thank you. It's a bother taking it off and putting it back on again.
2) 24) dialog: Don't worry -~ Mr. James shoots his way out.
2) 26) dialog: I've seen 1t before. I go to the movies quite a lot. °
2) 28) dialog: I get so restless at home -- so IT go out; but then I find that I've really no place to go -- so I go to the movies -- sometimes I see the same one two or three times. She takes some candy from her purse.
2) 29) dialog: Toffee?
2) 31) dialog: I've seen Richard the Third five times .
2) 33) dialog: I like Sir Laurence Olivier. 8 beat) Pity he's married. More shooting suddenly and more hoofbeats from the screen
2) 34) dialog: You see - there goes Mr. James now!
3) 0) text: It 4s the neat, well-equipped kitchen of 8 small london town house in a good neighborhood. Vole is demonstrating his egg-beater for Mrs. French. In the beckground, JANET MacKEN2Ig, the housekeeper, 1s pre- paring tea.
3) 1) dialog: I think it's the most fascinating thing I've ever seen. = - . (to the housekeeper) Fy Janet! Come look at this! y 20. al.
3) 3) dialog: But this beats so quickly -- and it separates -~ I guess its centrifugal -- or centrifugsl -- or what is
3) 5) dialog: ' .{dreamtiy) Janet, did you hear that? -- it whips cream, too. (a grunt from Janet) We mast have one. Is it expensive?
4) 0) text: Mrs. French leads Vole inte the room. He stops to look around. The room is stuffed with mementos of all the year the Frenches spent in Africa: fierce masks, tigersitin Tugs, drums, spears and shields.
4) 3) dialog: Hubert and I collected all these things when we lived in Africa. Hubert was my husband.
4) 5) dialog: That's the mask of the witch doctor, He wore it when he pulled our servants’ teeth, so Hubert used to call hima witch dentist. Hubert was so witty.
4) 7) dialog: Oh, Janet -- let's use our good silver and china. Janet grimly picks up the tray and is about to take it ou —~ Janet puts co
4) 11) dialog: Would you prefer some sherry?
4) 14) dialog: 
4) 19) dialog: You know --" (takes another glass from the cabinet) --~- maybe I'l? heave a glass of sherry myselr, I feel like Christmas, somehow, - .
5) 0) text: Brogan-Moore is interviewing Mrs. Vole. He is seated ‘behing the desk. Mrs. Vole is in a chair near the window. She is very calm and poised. Sir Wilfrid enters quietly, gestures to Brogan-Moore to contime, then moves to a position from which he can observe Mrs. Vole. o
5) 8) text: Surely, Mrs. Vole, you are not suggesting anything different?
12) 289) text: It was just remarkable coincidence that Mrs. French should be killed only a week later?
16) 14) text: (turning to Brogan-Moore) If you still have any doubts about Leonard Voie, I wouldn't mind betting you a very small box of cigars. Christine is now in the Witness Box. zy) yo yo . . ‘ i256. Mrs. Helm, you appreciate that you _ ere still under cath?