0) 2) dialog: Just roll up your mouth, You talk too mch. If I'd known how much you talked I would never have come out of my coma. (pushing down ~. the lap-robe) Tis thing welghs a ton.
0) 5) dialog: He certainly was a lucky lawyer! Ext, SIR WILFRID'S BUILDING (DAY) The Rolls pulls up before a dignified corner puilding’ occupied by many barristers. The chauffeur jumps out, opens the door. Miss Plimsoll emerges, holds out 4 helping hand to Sir Wilfrid.
0) 7) dialog: (ignoring her hand) Shut up! (to the chauffeur) Williams, my cane. Williams hands him an invalid's cane, with-subber tip. He starts briskly for the stone steps leading to the entrance. In background, Williams is taking luggage from the boot. 8.
0) 9) dialog: A serious room. The decor’ is old and oaky. So are the three female employees, Miss McHugh, Miss Johnson and Miss O'Brien. Doors lead to Sir Wilfridts private office and to the offices of his clerk and juniors. A staircase rises to the floor above, where Sir Wilfrid's living quarters are situated. - Miss Johnson hes been leaning out the window. She turns back into the room, excited.
0) 11) dialog: Good afternoon. He proceeds toward his office, ignoring the reception line-up. In passing he whisks the flowers from Miss McHugh's hand.
0) 14) dialog: (interrupting) : Very touching, Miss McHugh. You can recite it after office hours, on your own time. Now back to work. He starts for his room, sees Miss O'Brien sobbing, her cheeks streaked with tears.
0) 21) dialog: (a. sweeping gesture with his cane) One more manifestation of such sentimentality -- whether in - poetry or prose -- and I shell instantly go back to the hospital.
0) 23) dialog: put these in water -- (shoving the flovers at her) Blabbermouth! (to his cleric) Come on in, Carter. He goes on into his office, followed by Carter. . Int. SIR WILFRID'S PRIVATE OFFICE DAY A large, somber room of faded elegance. On one wall is a painting of Sir Wilfrid in wig and gown, Sir Wilfrid enters, puts a monocle suspended from a black ribbon in his eye, and looks about. Behind him, Carter closes the padded door. SIR WILFRID “ Look at this room! it's really extraordinarily ugly! Very old , and very misty, end I never knew ; I could miss anything so mech! : (tarning to Carter) Missed you, too, you msty ole puzzard.
0) 25) dialog: ( touched) : Why, thank you, Carter. an CARTER Actually, sir, I was lighting it for myself. If anything happened to you, what would happen to me -~= ° after thirty-seven years.
0) 26) dialog: (taking the monocle from his eye) Thirty-seven years? Has it been that long, Carter.
0) 28) dialog: My first mrder trial, I was more frightened than the defendant. ‘The first time I rose to make an object- ion, my wig fell off. {with the monocle agein) Where is. it?
0) 30) dialog: I hope it still fits. Lost thirty pounds in that wretched hospital. Still, I dare say my heed isn't any smiler, opened the container and Sir Wilfrid lifts out a barrister's wig. Some white pellets fall to the floor.
0) 35) dialog: (sharply) Moth balls? Am I not to practice again?!
0) 40) dialog: No, Carter!
0) 43) dialog: (resigned) You might as well get a bigger box, Carter, more moth balls, and-put me away, too. : 8. 3. Te door has opened. Miss Plimsoll pokes her head in.
0) 44) text: Tvo-thirty, Sir Wilfrid. Time for our little nap.
0) 45) dialog: Get out!
0) 47) dialog: We? What a nauseating prospect! . MIsS PLIMSOLL Upstairs, please.
0) 48) dialog: : Are you aware, Miss Plimsoll, that rf while on my sickbed I seriously (7 considered strangling you with . one of your own rubber tubes? I : would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defense. (claps his wig on his head, assuming the role of England's. foremost advocate) My Tord and Members of the Jury} I hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide. For four months this alleged Angel of Mercy has subjected me to every conceivable indignity of the flesh and the spirit. She ~ has pawec, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless. body while tormenting my mind with 4 steady drip of the most revolting baby talk -- Miss Plimsoll gently lifts the wig off his head and takes him by the arm
0) 51) dialog: Cigars? --- what cigars?
0) 54) dialog: Can't I have just one? Just a few puffs, after meals? 1] Please? MIsS PLIMSOLL (teaetme bh him out) Ups tairs$
0) 56) dialog: (mttering to Carter) ..ooe Itll do it! ... some dark night when her back is turned Ifl1 snatch her thermometer and plunge it between her misshapen shoulder blades ese so help me! He is about to mount the stairs when Carter stops him. | 10. ~~. f 10. CARTER on, no, sir, you mstn't walk up. Wetve installed something for you here, . (pulling out the seat of an inclinator) It's a lift, sir. .
0) 57) dialog: A lift! Whet nonsense! I'm getting a bit sick of this plot to make me a helpless invelid.
0) 59) dialog: I'll try 1t. It is my lift, be- ‘Cause it wes my heart attack. <_ He waves her away, then settles himself in the seat.
0) 61) dialog: (pressing the white button) — Carter, I warn you, if this contrap- tion should collapse -- if the barrister should fall off the banister -- -. He is already sailing up, Miss Plimsoll trotting after him. He arrives at the top of the stairs, beaming.
0) 62) dialog: (shouting down) This is remarkable, Carter. Smoothest flight I've had in years. ( noe PLIMS OLL reac’ for his aa arm) ° ~ Upsy-daisy3
0) 63) dialog: Just once more -- to get the feel of. the controls. 10. 10A. 11. Before she can stop him, he has pressed the button and sails down egain. Prom the bottom of the staircase, Carter is watching his master's enjoyment of the new toy. The door behind him opens and two visitors enter the law offices, They are MR. MAYHEW, e man of Sir Wilfrid's age, a respectable London solicitor from his high collar to the tip of his tightly rolled umbrella. ‘The other man is LEONARD VOLE: young, attrective, wearing a sports coat and slecks.-- ~ quite out of place in this stronghold of the bowler hat, the brief case and the striped pants.
0) 68) dialog: They've put me on a’ diet of bland civil suits. Hello, Mayhew. c 10A.
0) 70) dialog: Distressing? It's tregic} You'd better get yourself a younger man, . with younger arteries.
0) 74) dialog: (right back at her) Shut up! - (to Mayhew) Sorry, Mayhew. ‘Try me again some day, when you have something not too stimlat: e-- like a postman bitten by a stray doge He has pressed the button and is going up’ again. Suddenly, 2s he is looking down at Meyhew, his . attention is Grawn to something. He puts the monocie in his eye for a better view. It 4s two cigers protruding from Mayhew's breast pocket.
0) 76) text: 10a. 13. Sir Wilfrid, rising on the inclinator, presses the stop putton abruptly. Then the down button, and the inclin- ator starts down.
0) 77) text: Mayhew! Mayhew! Mayhew and Vole have turned to go. They turn back. Sir Wilfrid has come down on the inclinator and jumps up from the seat.
0) 78) dialog: Come back here, Mayhew}
0) 80) dialog: Don't worry, Carter, we won't take the brief. But Mr. Mayhew 4s an old friend and he needs help. Surely, if I can give him a word of advice --~- : (he has opened the door to his own office “and beckons) Come in, I'll give you five minutes.
0) 82) dialog: (drawing Mayhew 4nto the room) it vou don't mind, Mayhew, just you and I. Miss Plimsoll, out of breath, runs down the stairs and up to Sir Wilfrid. Miss PLIMSOLL Sir Wilfrid -- our nap}
0) 83) dialog: You go shead -- start it without me. He follows Mayhew in, closing the door in her face. MISS’ PLIMSOLL This is your fault, Mr. Carter -- you should not have permitted it} 10A.
0) 87) dialog: Mayhew is seated in one of the visitor's chairs, relating the cage. Sir Wilfrid is circling him like a bird dog, his eyes: glued to the cigars in Mayhew's pocket.
0) 89) dialog: I see cee (he doesn't; his mind is on the cigars)
0) 91) dialog: I coulda probably think better if you gave me one of those ecigarse
0) 93) dialog: (muttering) They've confiscated the matches» tooe (to Mayhew) A light, please <- give me a lighte
0) 95) dialog: (holding him back) Lord, no You don't know Miss Piimsoll. This will take all our cunning. ~. He pauses to formulate a plan, then palms the cigar and opens the doore
0) 97) dialog: (beckoning to Vole) Young man -- your solicitor and I feel that you may be able to enlighten me on a rather ' important point --
0) 100) dialog: You're not in bed yet? UPSTAIRS! He ushers in Vole, then slams. the door in her frustrated face.
0) 101) dialog: Sir Wilfrid turns instantly on Vole.
0) 102) dialog: Give me a match,
0) 107) dialog: {snatching the lighter) - You're right, Mayhew -- I do like hin, (gleefully, as he 1s = warming the ciger on the lighter flame) Can you imagine Miss Plimsoll's face if she saw me now?
0) 110) dialog: (to Meyhew) Splendid? All the instincts of a skilled criminal. : °
0) 112) dialog: Young man, you may or may not have murdered a middle-aged widow, but you have cerita saved the life of an elder. barrister.
0) 115) dialog: (to himself, with satisfaction) She shall not even find the . ashes. (—~ . (to Vole) Go on, go on.
0) 119) dialog: (interrupting; sharply) Did they caution you?
0) 126) dialog: We try not to make a habit of it.
0) 128) dialog: Very unfortunate. But restitution has been made. He received = free pardon, 2 bounty from the Crown, and was restored to his normal life.
0) 133) dialog: Now, Mayhew, let's get this straight. I may have done something highly unethical: I've taken your cigar and I'm not taking your case, I cantt, I'm forbidden. My doctors would never allow it. (to Vole) I'm truly sorry, young man. ‘(and to Mayhew again) However, 1f you would like the case handled by someone in these chambers, I weuld recommend Mr. Brogan~Moore-- you know Brogan-Moore? -- = 13.
0) 139) text: (with a shrug) If you say 30 ee. Sir Wilfrid has risen and crosses to the door. In passing he shoves his cigar in Vole's hand.
0) 140) dialog: Hold this. He opens the door into the anteroom.
0) 142) dialog: I would like to see Mr. Brogan- Moore in my office just as soon as he comes in from Court.
0) 145) dialog: What War was that? -- the Crimean, no doubt. .
1) 1) dialog: You'll like Brogan-Moore. He's had excellent training -- under me. pS yo 15. - ‘ . _ 21. As he passes Vole, he takes the cigar out of Vole's outstretched hand, seats himself behind the desk and puffs on.
1) 3) dialog: Don't worry -- wetll get a fourth lawyer to sue you.
1) 7) dialog: And before that?
1) 9) dialog: Awkward -- in what way?
1) 14) dialog: (dropping ashes in the drawer again, Very annoying. .
1) 16) dialog: Egg-beater?
1) 18) dialog: Is that really desirable?
1) 22) dialog: Oh, Exactly how did you meet this Mrs. French?
2) 9) dialog: Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew listening to Vole's account.
2) 11) dialog: (flicking ashes into drawer) I'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders. Go on, please.
2) 13) dialog: But you did?
2) 36) dialog: Sir Wilfrid, Mayhew and Vole - as we left them.
2) 37) dialog: (to Vole) Of course, at this time you had no idea that Mrs. French was well-off?
2) 41) dialog: (flicking his ashes in the drawer) Please, Mayhew --- not while I'm € smolcing. -~ (to Vole) ¢ Go. on, young man.
4) 22) dialog: I assure you she hss been moved by now. Not to have done so. would be unfeeling, unlawful and unsanitary. He has taken the drawer with the ashes out of the cabinet opens the window snd empties it into the street, 31.
4) 25) dialog: (suddenly, cutting Vole off How mach money did you get from her?
4) 27) dialog: From Mrs. French! .
4) 30) dialog: Because she was in love with you!
4) 32) dialog: Why didn't you tell her you were a married man?
4) 38) dialog: But you never took your wife along when you went there-- did you?
4) 40) dialog: Why not?
4) 42) dialog: Because of what?
4) 44) dialog: Is that true?
4) 46) dialog: Then how did she get that impression? Did you give it to her?
4) 48) dialog: But you never corrected that impression? Why? -
4) 50) dialog: Because she was rich?
4) 52) dialog: And. you were after her money?
4) 57) dialog: You knew it was the housekeeper's day off?
4) 59) dialog: So you went there because you knew she would be alone?
4) 63) dialog: But when the housekeeper came back, she was dead.
4) 67) dialog: (dropping the monocle) or course, Mr. Vole. If I didn't believe you, I would not have subjected your eyes or my arteries to that ordeal.
4) 69) dialog: {seating himself) As for things looking bad -- they dontt look bad, Mr. Vole -- they look ternibie- Apparently you have no at all?
4) 71) dialog: Row did you go home -- by bus or underground? VOLE . I walked. It was a fine night.
4) 72) dialog: Did amyone see you?
4) 74) dialog: Your wife loves you, does she not?
4) 76) dialog: You realize, Mr. Vole, thet the testimony of a devoted wife does not carry mch weight. 35-
4) 79) dialog: Ah -- Brogan-Mooref! Come in, coms in!
4) 81) dialog: I didn't get a full pardon -- Itm out on parole. ‘You lmow Mr. Mayhew, I believe, and this is his client, Mr. Leonard Vole.
4) 84) dialog: (instantly)  - Badly, thank you. There’s a mass of circumstantiel evidence, no alibi whatsoever - it's e hot potato and I’m tossing it right into your lap,
4) 89) dialog: Your line of defense, however, will be lack of motive. You will agree that we can rule out a crime of passion. That leaves us with a murder for profit. Now then -- if Mr. Vole. had been sponging on Mrs. French, why kill her and cut off the source of supply? Or -- if he
4) 92) dialog: Well, 1t's all yours, Brogan-Moore. You'll find Mr. Vole very responsive and quite candid -- so candid, in fact, that he has already informed me that we will have to sue him for our fees.
4) 101) dialog: No. I wouldn't think so.
4) 103) dialog: (rising and crossing to the window) They will indeed. Eighty thousand pounds makes for s very handsome motive. Won't they? Sir Wilfrid looks down into street. ~ EXT, SIR WILFRID'S BUILDING DAY FROM WILFRID'S POImT OF VIEW. A police car, driven by a bobby, pulls up sharply. Police driver gets out to open door,
4) 104) dialog: Sir Wilfrid turns back from the window. “oo
4) 106) dialog: It's quite likely.
4) 109) dialog: (to Brogen-Moore, as he crosses to the door) . Itts our old friend, Inspector Hearns.
4) 111) dialog: Chief Inspector! (to Vole) They mast think = lot of you at Scotland Yard -- you're getting the de luxe treatment. He opens the door to the anteroom, just as Hearne and another detective come in from the outside. He beckons
4) 112) dialog: In here, Chief Inspector. Hearne and the other detective into his office.
4) 114) dialog: (closing the door) Perfectly all right. I never object to the actions of the Police -- except in court once in a great while.
4) 116) dialog: You know Mr. Mayhew, and Mr, Brogan- Moore. (nods all around) And this is Dangerous Ieonard Vole. You'd better search him -- he may be armed with an egg-beater.
4) 123) dialog: There is no disgrace in being ~ arrested, Mr. Vole. Kings, Prime Ministers, Archbishops - even barristers -- have stood in the dock. ’
4) 131) dialog: pulling it back) I'a better not} It would constitute a bribe! (he puts it carefully in his inside coat pocket)
4) 134) dialog: Makes a very nice impression, doesn't he?
4) 136) dialog: Passed with flying colors. y> 25. 41.
4) 138) dialog: Of course 1t is! The prosecution will blast him with their heaviest artillery. All youtil have is one little popgun - an alibi furnished - by his wife! Isn't that an intriguing challenge?
4) 141) dialog: Splendia!. Give her 2 month's pay and kick her down the stairs! ‘CARTER Sir Wilfrid, either you take. proper care of yourself, or I, too, shall resign. SIR WILFRID. This is blackmail! (the two men look at each other) You're quite right, Cartere For my first day, this has already - been rather hectic. I should be in bed. He tekes Carter's arm casually for support, and with Brog Moore following, they go into the anteroom,
4) 145) dialog: Thank you, no} I'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears. ‘We sees Miss Plimsoll waiting for him halfway up the ste case, her arms erossed, her eyes plazing.
4) 146) dialog: Ah, Miss Plimsoll! How alluring you look -- waiting like a hangman on the scaffold. plumps himself on the inclina tor) Take mel Itm yours} . (to Brogan-Moore) Handle Mrs. Vole gently, especially when you break the news of the arrest. Besr in mind shefs & foreigner, so be prepared for hysterics -- even 5 Painting spell. Better have smelling salts ready, a box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
4) 149) dialog: (potting monocle in eye) How 60 you do. I em Wilfrid Robarts end this is Mr. Brogan- Moore. (they nod) My dear Mrs. Vole, I am afraid we have rather bad news for you --- 43.
4) 151) dialog: There is nothing to be alarmed about as yet ---
4) 153) dialog: I'm glad you're showing such fortitude...
4) 155) dialog: Your husband will have to stand trial, I'm afraid.. (to Brogan-Moore) Will you take Mrs. Vole inside and explain the procedure. (to Christine) Mr. Brogan-Moore will lead the defense. yo
4) 157) dialog: Regrettably, not. My health -- or rather the lack of it -- forbids me.
4) 160) text: 4h, 25. Sir Wilfrid lets the monocle fall, seats himself on t . inelinator and presses the button, 111 the time glaring ‘ro at the closed door of his office. The inclinator rise ‘ and Miss Plimsoll trots beside it.
4) 162) dialog: (his mind on Mrs. Vole) Oh, shut up! You just want to see me in those nasty shorts. The inclinator comes to a stop at the head of the stairca Miss Plimsoll helps Sir Wilfrid up from the seat. He stan still, looking down toward his office door.
4) 164) dialog: It is the room sbove his office, of the seme shape and the same octagonal vimiow design. There is a big Victorian bed, e chaise, deep comfortable chairs, and & washstand behind a folding screen. As they enter, Miss Plimsoll takes. a pair of pajamas from the bed and hands them to Sir Wilfrid. ~ ‘MISS PLIMSOLL Now put those on -- tops and bottoms -- while I make your bed. ‘He takes the pajamas, goes behind the screen, deep in thought. Miss Plimsoll starts to remove the bedspread (io and arrange the pillows. y 26. 27. 45.
5) 0) text: Brogan-Moore is interviewing Mrs. Vole. He is seated ‘behing the desk. Mrs. Vole is in a chair near the window. She is very calm and poised. Sir Wilfrid enters quietly, gestures to Brogan-Moore to contime, then moves to a position from which he can observe Mrs. Vole. o
5) 18) dialog: Pardon me, Brogan-Moore. th Chris tine) Ddd you say that the socks Mrs. ~ French knitted for your husband were tWo sizes too small?
5) 20) dialog: Would that not indicate that she thought of him as a small boy, a nephew, for instance?
5) 23) dialog: (focusing the blazi monocile relentlessly . Mrs. Vole, you realize that your husband's entire defense rests on his word and yours. CHRISTINE . I realize that.
5) 24) dialog: And that the jury will be quite skepticel by the word of a man accused of murder when supported only by the word of his wife.
5) 26) dialog: Tet us then at least make sure that the two are not in conflict.
5) 29) dialog: Qn:the night of the mrder, your husband came home before nine- thirty. Is that correct?
5) 35) dialog: fhe clock -- the new invention hetd been tinkering with.
5) 43) dialog: My dear Mrs. Vole -- in our Courts we will accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only Bulgarian, and who must have an interpreter; and even desf-mutes,who cannot spesk at all. As long as they tell the truth.
5) 48) dialog: Mra. Vole, do you love your husband?
5) 50) dialog: (angrily) Well, do you?
5) 53) dialog: We are dealing with a capital crime. The prosecution will try to hang your husband!
5) 56) dialog: Did you tell Leonerd? co
5) 59) dialog: Your husband loves you very much, does he not?
5) 61) dialog: And you? .
5) 63) dialog: (ecidly) Thank you for coming in, Mrs. Vole. Your visit has been most reassuring.
5) 65) dialog: You're a very remarkable woman, Mra. Vole. 52.
5) 67) dialog: I'm damned if I'm satisfied.
5) 69) dialog: That woman is up to something, -~- but what?
5) 71) dialog: let me ask you something -- do ou believe Leonard Vole is cent? no answer from Brogan-Moore) Bo you? He has ‘put the monocle in his eye. ‘The beam of light hits Brogan-Moore. squarely in the face. (turning eway) I'm not sure -- I'm sorry, Wilfria -- Of course, I'll do my best -- 28.
5) 73) dialog: It's all right, Brogan-Moore -- I'll take 1% from here. He whips out the second ¢igar taken from Mayhew, bits off the tip. Behind him the door has opened and a frenzied Miss Plimsoll enters. : . : Miss PLIMSOLL I have called Dr. Harrison and given him a complete report on your shocking behavior. I can no longer ----
5) 74) dialog: Give me a match, Miss Plimsoll,
5) 75) text: Sir Wilfrid!
6) 0) text: A grim, high-walled building looming against a leaden sky Sir Wilfrid's Rolls Royce is driving through the open gates. The gates close behind the car. DISSOLVE TOs
7) 0) text: A small, grey room with a single desk and three chairs. Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew, in their overcoats, are waiting. A civilian photographer is setting up a tripod camera. Vole enters, the guard closing the door and remaining outside.
7) 3) dialog: I struck a bargain with my doctors-— I'll let them exile me to Bermada for six months as soon as we finish your case.
7) 5) dialog: Tet us hope that we will bo survive. . Meanwhile Mayhew has opened a small suitcase, brings out a faded trench coat and a crushed felt hat.
7) 11) dialog: A disinterested witness may be of more v:
7) 13) dialog: Mayhew, give me the reports.
7) 15) dialog: (distracting him) I want to read you a portion of the evidence of Janet MacKenz the housekeeper: *Mr. Vole helped Mrs. French with her business affairs. Particularly her income ~ tax returns.
7) 17) dialog: There is also a hint that you may have helped her draft her new will --
7) 20) dialog: It's quite obvious. You threw an eggbeater into the wheels of her Victorian household. . (consulting the file) Now, what about this cnt on your wrist? You told the police you eut yourself with a knife?
7) 23) dialog: All things considered, I think she took it very well. Of course, that may have been only on the surface. Wives are often profoundly disturbed at such a time --
7) 25) dialog: How did you meet your wife, Mr. =~ Vole?
7) 27) dialog: one (with raised eyebrows)
9) 70) dialog: And she already hed a wedding ring --
9) 72) dialog: Naturally. She hada solid roof over her head, and a British passport,
9) 78) dialog: Well -- for one thing, she is a -fore- igner, not too familiar with the subtleties of our language - the Prosecution could easily trip her up --
9) 85) dialog: quite. (consulting his watch) with We'd better be going. Miss Plimsoll is waiting in the car - with her pills and a thermos of lukewarm cocoa.
9) 87) dialog: (putting on his hat) I am -- and you must trust m, Vole. If for no other reason, Mr. be- cause I am a mean, 111-tempered o1d (extending his hand) Let us wish each other luck. The guard has entered and takes Vole out into the corridor. Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew follow.
10) 2) text: I cantt face this without Christine, I tell you, I'm scared. I need her. Without her, I'm sunk. Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew contime down the corridor. They react, but they don't look back. after a few more steps: MAYHEW . Touching, isn't it, the way he counts on his wife.
10) 3) dialog: Yes -~- like a drowning man, clutching at a rezor blade. They walk on,
11) 17) dialog: This is ridiculous -- just a dit. of nervous heartburn -- I always get it the first day of a trial. (detaching the eauge ) 240 above 130 -=- you shouldn't pe here at all. SIR WILFRID. (trying to get up) I should be in the Courtroom - - the trial has begun!
11) 20) text: yo 41. . 72. ‘SIR WILFRID Miss Plimsoll, it may interest you to kmow that I am descended from a warrior family which treces its brave past back to Richard the Iion-hearted (off-scene Dr. Harrison has jabbed him with the needle) oe
11) 23) dialog: (getting up) That's enough, Doctor -= the Judge ¥ will be asking for a4 saliva (to Carter) I'd better teke that thermos of cocos with me. (to Dr. Harrison) Helps me wash down the pills. He quickly gets into his silk robe while. Carter produces thermos bottle from a small attache cape.
12) 7) dialog: My lord, I mst object --". (the Judge, Myers, others are now aware of +> my learned friend refers to the assailant as the murderer, but we have not yet determined whether the assailant was a man. -- or a woman. It could quite conceivably have been the murderess.
12) 10) dialog: My lord, I am taken by surprise that my Yearned colleague should attempt to solicit from the witness an opinion, and not a fact. JUDGE - . Quite so. Youtll have to do better than that, Mr. Myers,
12) 12) dialog: That's mich better. “The sits and puts the thermos under his seat) In the crowded gallery, Miss Plimsoll squeezes herself into a vacant seat next to a young blonde woman whose attention is riveted on Vole in the Dock. Hise Plimsoll sets her alarm wristwatch and settles ck. ‘Below the examination has contimued.
12) 24) dialog: * (rising My lord, I mst object. My learned friend is putting vords in the witness! mouth, After all, if he insists on answering his own questions the presence of the witness seems superfluous.
12) 26) text: Quite, quite. Don't you think so, Mr. Myers? My. . (sourly) Yes, my lord. (to Hearne) Inspector, did you escertain whether any of the mrdered woman's property was missing? HEARNE. . According to the housekeeper, nothing was missing. MYERS . In your experience, Inspector, when burglars ~- with a glance at Sir Wilfrid) — -- or burglaresses --break into a house, ao they leave without taking anything?
12) 45) dialog: You say that the only fingerprints ~ you found were those of Mrs. French, Janet MacKenzie and the prisoner, Leonard Vole. In your experience when a burglar breaks in, does he usually leave fingerprints, or does he wear gloves? He wéars gloves.
12) 46) dialog: Invariably?
12) 48) dialog: So the absence of fingerprints in a case of robbery would hardly surprise you?
12) 51) dialog: Can't we then surmise that a burglar might have entered what was presumably an empty house, might have suddenly encountered Mrs. French and struck her «- then realizing that she was dead, panicked and fled without taking anything?
12) 55) dialog: (nods -- then to Hearne) Inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you 4 recently healed scar on his wrist and tell you he had cut himself with a kitchen lend fe ~ while slicing bread? : HEARNE . Yes, sir, that is what he said.
12) 56) dialog: And were you not told the same thing by the prisoner's wife?
12) 58) dialog: (sharply) — A simple yes or no, please. . Dia the prisoner's wife show you a knife and tell you that her husband had cut his wrist while slicing bread? . HEARNE . Yes, sir.
12) 59) dialog: I will ask you to examine this knife, Inspector. Usher crosses to table, picks up Ynife with tag on it, and brings it to Hearne.
12) 60) dialog: Just test the edge of the knife with your finger -- (Hearne does so) -—- carefull arne pulls his finger away) You agree that the point and the cutting edge are yazorsharp?
12) 62) dialog: Now then, if such a knife were to ‘slip, might it not inflict a cut which would bleed profusely?
12) 64) dialog: Now, Inspector, you have stated that the bloodsteins on the prisoner's jacket were analyzed, as Was the blood of Mrs. French, and they were both found to be of the same group - Group 0?
12) 66) text: a2. SIR WILFRID - . However, if the prisoner's blood were also of this same group then the ~~ stains on his jacket might very vell (? have resulted from the household * accident he described to you? ’ . HEARNE Yes, sir.
12) 67) dialog: Did you analyze the prisoner's Plood, Inspector?
12) 69) dialog: Thank you, Inspector. {he sits)
12) 98) dialog: My lord, I mst protest.
12) 121) dialog: Whereas in the new will, except fora bequest to you of a small anmity, the principal beneficiary is the prisoner, Ieonard Vole?
12) 123) dialog: It is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner,
12) 129) dialog: You mean you only heard the voices -- the mxmyr of voices?
12) 133) dialog: The door was closed, was it not?
12) 135) dialog: You were no doubt in a hurry to get the pattern, so you probably walked quickly past the closed Gcoor -— yet you are sure that you heard Leonard Vole's voice?
12) 137) dialog: Come, Miss MacKenzie, I'm sure you don't wish to suggest to the Jury that you were eavesdropping.
12) 140) dialog: Exactly! What you mean is you wanted it -to be him. Thatts the way your mind worked. Now, tell me, did Mrs. French sometimes watch television in the evening? .
12) 142) dialog: Oh? Why not?
12) 146) dialog: (rising ponderously) I have not quite finished. “Tto Janet -- quite loud) You are registered, are you not, under the Netional Health Insurance Act?
12) 149) dialog: (st411 in a lower tone, A hearing aid?
12) 152) dialog: (shouting) Did you get it?
12) 155) dialog: No further questions! He sits down, breathing heavily. JANET . (to the Judge) ~ Maybe you can help me, Your Lordship -- six months ago I epplied for the hearing ald --
12) 169) dialog: My lord, I have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned by the Prosecution as she 1s the wife of the prisoner, Teonard Vole
12) 179) dialog: My lord, there is proof of a marriage (7 . between the witness and Leonard Vole. . ‘ There is no root a of an alleged previou:
12) 201) dialog: (rising) My lord is most gracious, but prey let the witness continue. We are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction -= to have to hear it in installments might prove unendurable.
12) 222) dialog: Mrs. Vole -- or Mrs. Helm <= which do you prefer to be called?
12) 224) dialog: Does it not? In this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage. However - Freu Helm, it would appear that when you first mt the prisoner in Hamburg you lied to him about your marital status? CHRISTINE . I wanted to get out of Germany, 80 ===
12) 225) dialog: You lied, did you not? Just "yes" or “no,” please
12) 227) dialog: Thank you. And subsequently, in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
12) 229) dialog: You lied to them?
12) 231) dialog: And in the ceremony of marriage itself, when you swore to love and to honor and to cherish your husband, that, too, was a lie?
12) 233) dialog: And then -- when the police questioned you about this wretched man who believed himself married and loved, you told em -< . 7 he. 100.
12) 235) dialog: You told them that he was at home with you at twenty-five . minutes past nine -- and now you say that that was a lie?
12) 237) dialog: And when you said that he had accidentally cut his wrist, you lied?
12) 239) dialog: Now today you have told us 4 new story entirely. The question is, Preau Helm, were you lying then, are you lying now, or are you not, in fect, 2 chronic and habitual ri?
12) 243) dialog: (violently, despite his spasm, My lord, mey I also remind my — learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, hes already violated so many oaths that I am surprised the Testament did not leap from her hand when she was . sworn here today. {to Christine) - I doubt if anything 1s to be gained by questioning you any further. ‘That will be all, Frau Helm! _ He sits, breathing heavily, his head back, his hand under the robe holding his chest. Brogan-Moore pushes the open black box toward him. Sir Wilfrid tekes a pill, slips - 4t under his tongue, leans back again, Ww (rising) Mrs. Helm, I presume you know the meaning cf the English word ®perjury,* glancing at a note) “| In German, the vord is. "Meineid,
12) 253) dialog: == but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these mishaps. And finally -- most damaging of all - the Prosecution has: produced 8 surprise witness, one Chris tine Helm --whom the prisoner married and brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name. I objected to her testimony beceuse a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband, but it hes been proven that her marriage to Leonard Vole was fraudulent end bigamous. Therefore, her evidence mst be admitted and you mist consider 4t for what it 1s vorth. Such is the Prosecutionts case. Now it is the turn of the Defense. We could present, on behalf of the prisoner, a variety of witnesses to his character, his war record, the lack of criminal or evil association in his past. However, only one witness can shed new light on this tragic riddle -- the prisoner himself. Members of the Jury, T cals Ieonara Stephen Volel Te entire Courtroom is intent on Vole as he raises his head, gets up slowly, Leaves the Dock and proceeds to the Witness Hox, followed by the Warder, who stops and - gtands near the Barristerts door. he Usher hands him the Book and holds up the oath card.
12) 255) dialog: Your name is Leonard Stephen Vole?
12) 257) dialog: Where do you live?
12) 259) dialog: leonard Stephen Vole, did you or did you not, on the night of September 18th last, mrder Enily Jane French?
13) 0) text: The lights are on. It is after office hours and the last of the secretaries is putting the cover on her typewriter. Two lerge steamer trunks are tagged, ready for shipment. An elderly man, neatly dressed, is seated on the visitors! pench, a cardboard box held on his knees, He is Sir Wilfrid's tailor. After a few seconds Sir Wilfrid enters, followed by Mayhew, Brogan-Moore, Carter and Miss Plimsoll. They are coming beck from Court.
13) 3) dialog: My what? The tailor has taken the lid from the box, holds up a vas pair of black and white plaid shorts. .
13) 7) dialog: (to Miss Plimsoll, pointing at the shorts) You work it out -- (starting for his office) : -- you know my shape -- you've stabbed it often enough. MIss PLIMSOLL Upstairs, Sir Wilfrid! You need a lukewarm bath --- your calcium in- jection -~ and there is still a lot of packing to be done... > He pays no attention, goes into his office with Mayhew, Carter and Brogan Moore, slams the door. ‘INT. SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE (EVENING) Carter turns on the lights. Sir Wilfrid crosses wearily to the chair behind nis desk.
13) 8) dialog: Ridiculous, having those boat re~ servations -- how do we know? -- the Jury may be out for days.
13) 10) dialog: (sits) I watched them when Frau Helm was on _= the stand. ‘They didn't like her.
13) 15) dialog: (vietous ly) Dontt you?
13) 20) dialog: Yes, it is. (working up to & crescendo again) But until it is over, I am still a barrister and my client's life 1s at steke. That's all that matters -- his life. He is entitled to the Dest that I.can do. If I can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, I'll make it sitting down, If I become short of breath, I*ll take (cont! d) 113. An, SIR WILFRID (cont' 4) @ pill -- or tyvo pills -- or all of them -- and the box as well! During the above, the phone has been ringing. Carter picks it up. .
13) 34) dialog: This 1s Wilfrid Robarts speaking. Now what is this all about?
13) 36) dialog: What is this you said about Mrs. Leonard Vole?
13) 38) dialog: You got what?
13) 40) dialog: What low-down? What do you know about her?
13) 42) dialog: Now, just a moment --- phone being hung up mudely. He slams down the
13) 43) dialog: Bilge! — (he starts pacing furlously, the heads of the others following him curiously) Some drunken crenk! --- you get those in every mrder trial -- drunk and disorderly -- giving me an ultimatum -- Euston Station in thirty mimtes -- got the low-down on Mrs. Vole -- Balderdash -- I'm too old and too sick to go on a wild goose chase --- Bilge and Balderdash} ‘iy Ab, U5e 115. Suddenly he grabs his hat and his cane.
13) 44) dialog: Come on, Mayhew!
13) 46) dialog: Euston Station --- where else?! . He puts on his hat and overcoat and leads the way to the outer office, a bewildered Mayhew following him. At _ the door he takes the cigar from Mayhew's vest pocket.
14) 0) text: Sir Wilfrid comes storming out, followed by Mayhew. Carter and Brogan-Moore look after them. The tailor is still seated on the bench. He jumps up, holding up the shorts!
14) 3) dialog: Thank you; Miss Plimsoll) ‘ He is lighting the cigar as he and Mayhew exit quickly. iiss Plimsoll looks after him, open-mouthed.
15) 0) text: The dominant feature of the place is a mirrored bar of dark wood, crowded with travelers and Juzesgee Tables and chairs fill the rest of the room. Tail windows give a view of the trains, travelers and attendants outside the Buffet. Intermittently there is the rumble of trains in arrival or departure, and jets of steam from the engines» Sir Wilfrid comes in briskly, followed by Mayhew. He is a bit short of breath, still puffing nervously on his cigar The two men scan the room for their rendezvous- They move down the bar until they see someone who fits the bill. A “middle-aged brunette woman, flamboyantly dressed, with a . a . Li7. Jigger of whiskey and a beer chaser at her elbow. She is reading an afternoon paper with the headline: VOLE TRIAL IN THIRD DAY. She is overly made up and her hair is marce ea to fall over one side of her face. Her generel attitud indicates quite a few whiskeys and beer chasers. She sens their presence when they stop and look up in the bar mirr
15) 2) dialog: I would,
15) 4) dialog: This is Mr. Mayhew, Leonard Vole's solicitor,
15) 6) dialog: And your name, please?
15) 10) dialog: You realize, of course, that you are in duty bound to come forward to give any evidence that you might have in your possession?
15) 14) dialog: Letters written by Christine Vole te the prisoner?
15) 20) dialog: If these should help to prove my client's innocence, twenty pounds would, I think not be én unreasonable sum -- for your expenses.
15) 22) dialog: Forty pounds, - Be tekes Meyhew's wallet, takes out forty pounds and extends them temptingly.
15) 25) dialog: (looking up from a letter) How do we know these are from Mrs. Vole?
15) 28) dialog: (scanning the letter) Incredible!
15) 33) dialog: What have you got sgainst her?
15) 37) dialog: Christine Vole did that to you?
15) 41) dialog: I'm deeply sorry, deeply sorry. Er -- : we'll make it another five pounds for the ‘etters. He takes out e five-pound note which she snatches eagerly
15) 45) dialog: Where is she?
16) 5) dialog: Evidence of the most startling nature has come into my possession only last night --- -
16) 7) dialog: I have anticipated my friend's orjection and I am prepared to meet it with ample precedent. There is, first, the case of The Crown against Stillman -- which wes reported at by rote) page 463 of the 1926 Appeal Cases --- also, the Crown against Porter, August 11, 1930, reported at the Winchester Assizes, at page 231, and before the Divisional Court the following October, reported at page 153 of 1942 Kings Bench Division, Purther, the case of the King against Sullivan, in which this issue wes raised, end I am sure your lordship will remember since he appeared for the Prosecution. a7. «
16) 10) text: Letters, my lord. Written by Christine Hein, ’ There is a sharp reaction from Vole. Sir Wilfrid has given the letters to an Usher, who takes them to the Judge. As the Judge inspects the letters --
16) 13) dialog: (his voice ringing) Call Christine Helm! The call is repeated by the Usher and Policemen at the door. Christine enters, her customary impassive self, proceeding to the Witness Box. Vole stares at her blankly then he tries te catch Sir Wilfrid's eye, as if hoping for a clue to the proceedings. Sir Wilfrid gives him an encouraging noc. ~
16) 16) dialog: Mrs, Helm, do you know a man named Max? ‘
16) 18) dialog: It's a simple question. Do you or do you not know a man called Max? Certainly not.
16) 19) dialog: It's a fairly common name. And yet you mean that you have never known & man by the name of Max?
16) 21) dialog: I shall not ask you to go back that far -- just a few weeks -- {he has taken a folded Oblong white letter from a pocket) -~ to the 20th of September last.
16) 23) dialog: A letter. I suggest that on the 20th of September you wrote a certein letter -- (brandishing the fulded letter)
16) 25) dialog: -~ addressed to a man named Max. 57.
16) 27) dialog: A letter which was but one of a series written to the same man --
16) 29) dialog: You would seem to have been on -- let us say, on intimate terms with this man. In the dock, Vole rises, outraged.
16) 32) dialog: I am not concerned with the general trend of this correspondence -~- . (unfolding the letter) ~- only in one particular letter. (glancing down, as if reading My beloved Mex, An extraordinary thing has happened. I believe all our difficulties may be ended...
16) 36) dialog: Like this? He holds up the packet of blue letters which has been out ef her sight. She stares.
16) 37) dialog: (holding up the white letter). This happens to be a bill from ry or - for a pair of extremely . becoming Bermida shorts. Excited reaction in the Courtroom, In the Gallery, Miss Plimsoll leans toward her blonde neighbor.
16) 39) dialog: Now, Mrs. Helm, you have been kind enough to identify your letter peper --~ now, if you like, can have an expert identify your handwriting.
16) 48) dialog: ( reading) My belovec Max. An extreordinary thing has happened. All our difficul ties may goon be solved. Teonard is suspected of mrdering the old lady I told you . about. Hig only hope of an alibi depends on me -- on me alone. Suppose I testified that he ves not at home with me et the time of the murder -- that he came home with blood on his sleeves and that he even admitted to me that he had killed her. Strange, isntt it -- he alvays said he would never let me leave him --- but now, if this succeeds, he will be leaving me -- because they will teke hin ‘away, forever --- and T shall be free, and yours, my beloved --- I count the hours until we are together --~ Christine. paring this, SHOTS of the Jury, of Miss Plimsoll and the blonde neighbor, of Myers, snd 8 bewildered Vole staring at his sobbing wife. Sir Wilfrid is short of breath when he finishes, and his hand is under his robe to ease the pain in his chest.
16) 50) dialog: I now ask you again, Christine Helm, did you write this letter?
16) 52) dialog: (speaking with difficulty) Please answer my question --~ : did you write this letter?
16) 55) dialog: (holding on) Then that, my lord, is the case for the Defense.
16) 61) dialog: Not yet.
16) 63) dialog: Itts a little too neat, too tidy, and altogether t90 symme trical. That's what's wrong witn it
17) 0) text: The Jury is filing back into its seatse There is a hush of expectation. Leonard Vole, nerves strained to the breaking point, is in the Docke His eyes anxiously scan the Jurors, as if to try to guess their verdict. Then his gaze wanders toward Sir Wilfrid and Brogan-Moore, just seating them- selves. Sir ‘yilfrid, leaning forward, does not meet his eyese He looks past the Dock toward -~ The glass-panelled door leading into the Courtroom. Tho Courtroom Officer stands on guard. The door, opening inward, is pushed just slightly open and through the aperature we see Christine tensely awaiting the verdict. In the Gallery, the spectators are silent, motionless, in taut anticipation of the result. Among them is Miss Plimsoll and beside her, the dark girl. In the Court, the Clerk rises.
17) 11) dialog: Letts say we were lucky ail around.. A Warder carrying a large envelope has come up.
17) 17) dialog: Not yet. We've disposed of the gallows, but. there is still that banana peel -- somewhere -- under somebody's foot. There is the sound of angry commotion outside the Court- room's Hain Fntrance. The Policeman and Usher, who have been collecting the exhibits, drop their work and go quickly to investigate. Sir Wilfrid, Brogan-Moore and Carter look OFF. Cc Cc 13h. 4g. Through the glass-panelled door we can see a bit of a riot -- the crowd in an ugly mood, shouting insults and waving fists. The Policeman and Usher try to break it up, and we see that the object of the crowd is Christine. The Policeman and Usher help her into the Courtroom. She is dishevelled, a little roughed up, her hat in one hand, and she is rubbing her shin. : POLICEMAN ‘ Better wait here until we get rid of that crowd, Madam.
17) 20) dialog: Let me finish the last of the cocoa-=- (uncapoing the thermos) While I em still beyond her jurisdiction. He motions to Carter and to Brogan-Moore to get out. Now he is alone in the Courtroom with Christine. Be sips the brandy, studying her over the rim of the cupe She brushes her suit, straightens her stockings, looks around as if for something she had lost.
17) 22) dialog: I apologize for my compatriots.
17) 24) dialog: In case you're not familiar with our prison regulations -- no silk stockings.
17) 26) dialog: You heard the learned judge» You will quite certainly be charged ' with perjury, tried for it, and’ ‘to prison you shall go.
17) 28) dialog: If I were retained for the prosecution, it would be.
17) 30) dialog: What are you driving at?
17) 32) dialog: We?
17) 34) dialog: What idea?
17) 38) dialog: (shocked) I suspected something -- but not that -- never thats Christine re-adjusts her hair, speaks gently now to Sir Wilfrid, who is plainly stunned.
17) 40) dialog: And all those blue letters? --
17) 42) dialog: (with some difficulty) My dear -- could you not have trusted me? == worked with me truthfully and honorably? -- we would have wone
17) 44) dialog: And you knew he was innocent. I understand.
17) 47) dialog: And you saved him «- a murderer!
17) 51) dialog: It's you, Vole, who really fooled me == (violently) e- after thirty-five years -- to be so stupid and so blind -- - (tears the wi from his head, eo- Wilfrid the Foxt
17) 76) text: Uy?» Sir Wilfrid sits quietly, watching. From off we hear an officer cry "Get a doctor}" and the sobbing of Diana. Then Miss Plimsoll comes to Wilfride He looks up at here
17) 78) dialog: (shaking his head) ' She executed him. Sir Wilfrid looks off toward Christine. A policeman is by the body and giving unheard instructions. Two policemen start to lead Christine out. Carter, distraught and puzzled, comes in, makes his way to Sir Wilfrid.e .
17) 82) dialog: (a declaration of love) Thank you, Miss Plimsoll. He gets. up with some difficulty and straightens ups .
17) 83) dialog: (to Carter) Get Brogan=Hooze to my chambers » and have Mayhew there, too. We are appearing for the defense in the trial of Christine Vole- He moves away from his seat and walks past the Bench to the barristers' exit, an erect and dignified figure. Miss Plimsoll looks after him with great prides She ' suddenly sees the thermos pottle.