37) 0) text: Anne: sits at the counsel table, working on a yellow pad. Remy's lawyer, LAMAR PARMENTEL, a diminutive Old World Southern character, stands at the counsel table talking casually with a group of public defenders. A DEPUTY SHERIFF leads in a dozen prisoners - MUGGERS, ‘DOPE DEALERS, DRUNK DRIVERS, PROSTITUTES, and Remy, still natty, trying to keep up a good front. He spots Anne; stops, shocked.
37) 12) dialog: I'm his counsel. Your Honor. We waive rights and plead not. guilty. We petition the © court for the earliest possible court. date for preliminary. Remy's eyes drift toward Anne, catch her looking at hin.
37) 15) dialog: Your Honor, We are confident that the prosecution does not have a case, but every day me client is suspended from the force does great damage to his reputation as well. as to the ongoing investigations he is conducting.
37) 28) dialog: Your ~ Honor, defendant has been a police officer for fifteen years and has very strong ties to the community. He has a large family all living in New Orleans.
38) 0) text: Remy, still tieless and unshaven, walks through the marble lobby with Lamar Parmentel.
38) 6) dialog: It's a warning - they're saying they're going to pull out all the stops on this one. Look, . let me try and make a deal.
38) 8) dialog: Plead you guilty to an unlawful acceptance of a gratuity.
38) 10) dialog: A felony. You'd get maybe three months jail time.
39) 2) dialog: Remy, Remy, they've got a video tape. You ever see a jury watch a video tape? — It's like watching Mike Wallace on "60 Minutes".
45) 0) text: Remy is standing at the defense table, talking with his lawyer, Lamar Parmentel. His entire family is milling around the spectator area, waiting for the start of the preliminary hearing. Remy seems relaxed, confident. His brother Bobby tries his best. to act that way. Remy's UNCLES and COUSINS are all in uniform - seven policemen and one fireman - and. their wives and children are dress in. their best Church clothes. (continued) 63. (continued) Remy‘s MAMA, a formidable platinum blonde Cajun lady in her mid-fifties marches up to Remy, instinctively brushes back his hair.
46) 0) text: Anne barges in, Lamar Parmentel trailing along behind her. JUDGE NOLAND, a gray-haired, sixty-year-old Man with a very mild manner is
46) 15) dialog: Look, Al - Your Honor - if the state could somehow link this bizarre accident to my client which of course they will not, it would still be a separate matter with no relation to this case.
48) 0) text: Lamar Parmentel cross-examines.
48) 11) dialog: You testified that you were twenty feet from the defendant behind some crates on a balcony, looking down at his actions, is that. correct?
48) 13) dialog: And at this distance, you were unable to hear the conversation. between this George Joel and the defendant, isn't that the case?
48) 15) dialog: You testified that there were eight fifty dollar bills in the envelope.
48) 17) dialog: But. you cannot produce that money in court.
48) 19) dialog: Move the answer be stricken.
48) 28) dialog: No further questions.
50) 3) dialog: Isn't it true that you would Say anything the prosecution wanted you to say in order to avoid being sent. back to prison?
60) 24) dialog: Objection!
60) 28) dialog: Your Honor, the defense at this time moves for dismissal. The spectators become silent; they know this is the key moment.
60) 38) dialog: By a convicted felon.
60) 41) dialog: May I be heard, Your Honor?
60) 43) dialog: . The State has failed to establish * any crime at all. All that's been proven is that the defendant was present in the Toulouse Bar & Grill which was open for business at. the time.
60) 46) dialog: Thank you, Your Honor.
68) 40) dialog: “You really should become a defense lawyer, my dear. You meet. a much more colorful class of people. You're going to love Daddy Mention. He's a doctor of root, fruits, and snoots.
68) 42) dialog: Darlin', every man is entitled to the best. defense money can buy. They turn the corner to find their way blocked by a black HIGH SCHOOL MARCHING BAND rehearsing intricate synchronized steps in themiddle of the street. Lamar Parmentel. hurries Anne across the street, to Daddy Mentio's "Maison des Dieux"-- an old, two-story. wooden house, the bottom half of which is a "“gris-gris" shop. A bunch of BLACK KIDS play on the sidewalk, under the watchful eyes of two WOMEN knitting on the porch.
68) 49) dialog: (knowingly) Actually, it was my idea. I thought you might. be interested in what he has to say about the rash of killings we've had of ate.
69) 0) text: It's a cluttered shop, crammed to the rafters with herbs, remedies, John the Conqueror roots, feathers, statuettes, potions, gris-gris, candles--voodoo paraphernalia. A beautiful mulatto woman greets Anne and Lamar Parmentel as they enter. Children play underfoot, as she elads them to the back of the store, through a beaded curtain, and into
70) 10) dialog: She's not. a woman who stands On ceremony. :
70) 21) dialog: Daddy's. had some unfortunate experiences talking with the police. A small boy, RODNEY, pokes his head. through the beaded curtain.
71) 0) text: Remy is waiting impatiently in the shop. He laughs as ! he sees Lamar Parmentel step through the curtain. REMY. Lamar! Don't tell me you represent this sleazebag?
71) 1) dialog: I only represent. sleazebags, my boy. Just then, Anne steps out of the anteroom.
71) 10) dialog: Wouldn't have it any other way. Anne runs after Remy, through a tide of panicked WOMEN and CHILDREN, down a long hallway, through a brightly-lit, steamy kitchen, and out into the