45) 0) text: Remy is standing at the defense table, talking with his lawyer, Lamar Parmentel. His entire family is milling around the spectator area, waiting for the start of the preliminary hearing. Remy seems relaxed, confident. His brother Bobby tries his best. to act that way. Remy's UNCLES and COUSINS are all in uniform - seven policemen and one fireman - and. their wives and children are dress in. their best Church clothes. (continued) 63. (continued) Remy‘s MAMA, a formidable platinum blonde Cajun lady in her mid-fifties marches up to Remy, instinctively brushes back his hair.
45) 2) dialog: Don't you wanna introduce your Mama to your lawyer, chere? ‘ LAMAR PARMENTEL Ah, the renowned queen of the McSwain. Clan. How delightful to. finally meet you in the flesh.
45) 6) dialog: Of course, I don't have to tell you about Kis. outstanding record, his citations, but did he ever. tell you about the...
45) 8) dialog: Who's. that?
60) 0) text: The spectators, almost all Remy's family, watch as Anne cross~examines Remy on the witness stand. Mama, prominent in the front row, is sitting on the edge of her seat, her face registering ever emotional shift as the drama unfold
63) 7) dialog: You. said some pretty strong things about my boy in the courtroom today.
63) 9) dialog: ‘He's a good boy.
63) 11) dialog: (a smile) Well, Cher...you got your work cut for you on that score... EXT. MAMA'S YARD. - SAME : ill Remy, playing in the band, watches Anne emerge from the house. Mama follows her, and carries the bucket of crawfish to a big lawn table, where she dumps it into a bright red mound. Anne watches from a few yards off as people gather around and dig in. Captain Kellom and DeSoto are eating voraciously, their mouths and hands dripping with sauce. Kellom spots Anne and he and De: Soto carry a serving of crawfish over to her.
93) 0) text: Remy, Anne, Mama, Uncle Sal, and Cousin Joey are waiting anxiously outside the Emergency Room Deor. Nobody's talking; there are lots of creshed cigarette butts on the floor. Remy has his arm around his mother. Kellom hurries in, looking distraught. Mama sees him, runs. into his. arms, crying. Kellom holds her tight, strokes her hair. Remy walks up. to them.
93) 9) dialog: What is it, cher?
93) 11) dialog: What is it? What's going on?
94) 34) dialog: He's. gonna be all right! She stops short, stunned by the sight that greets her eyes.
94) 36) dialog: Remy, what...? (looking past Remy, to: Kellom) Jack...?
94) 37) text: He's on his knees, picking himself up. The gun is no longer in his hand. He looks up at mama, his eyes filled with shame and regret. Then he runs. Far across the spacious lawn. .
94) 38) dialog: watch him go. Mama is crying.
94) 44) dialog: {calls to. Kellom) Jack! Kellom drives off. Remy turns his mother back toward. the hospital. Anne is standing in the doorway, watching them.