2) 13) text: Detective McCabe leaves off examining the masonry of the Piazza with a flashlight and comes over to the Captain. She's a short-haired, tom-boyish redhead, 20's. In the man's world of the Homicide Bureau she holds her own with the boys. She greets Remy with a punch on the arm. McCABE Can't find any bullet hits, spent shells, nothing like that. Very little blood. We figure they smoked him someplace else, then brought his body here. He had twelve hundred cash in his money clip and a Piaget Watch, all untouched.
2) 23) text: McCABE Vinnie "The Cannon" Di Moti Remy pinches McCabe's cheek.
5) 12) text: McCABE: He. wasn't at the barber shop, so * we had to go pick him up at his house.
5) 18) text: McCABE (plays along) : I'm sorry for the misunderstanding, Mr. Di Moti.:.
29) 0) text: McCABE (to phone) And. what time did he leave?... You're sure of that?... Thank you. She hangs up the: phone, looks up at Remy. McCABE ~ Carmine Tandino has an airtight alibi. He was at the Carousel Club with his wife and half his family until. 4 A.M. She shows him a list of names.
29) 7) text: / McCABE I got twelve people already who corroborate his story, the waiter, the maitre d', the stripper who...
54) 1) text: FPiretrucks, police cars and TV news crews are parked in front of the bombed out building; a crowd has gathered behind the police lines. Detective McCabe is talking to Remy from a phone booth. McCABE It's McCabe, Remy, sorry to bother you but somebody just blew up Carmone Tandino's warehouse--with him in it.
54) 10) dialog: You better not come here, Remy, The Deputy Supe is here talking to the TV guys. Meet. us at the morgue in an hour.
55) 0) text: Remy is getting dressed as he talks with McCabe.
58) 0) text: The warehouse is filled with MARDI GRAS FLOATS, each carrying gigantic papier mache' FIGURES of greek gods, celebrities, naked women, etc. As Remy threads his way through this phantasmagorical tableau toward the still- smoking scene of the explosion, McCabe appears at his side, punckes him in the arm. .
58) 1) dialog: Hey, Remy I told you. not to come.. REMY. I'm not here. Where are the stiffs?
58) 2) dialog: This way. It looks to.me like this - the killer sets a fire to destroy the bodies, the fire hits. a gas: tank on one of the floats, the gas tank explodes - and the explosion blows out the fire.. Remy pats McCabe on the head.
58) 8) dialog: Come down here a minute. This is the second stiff - we don't know who he is.
58) 10) dialog: It looks like this guy was hiding back here when they killed Tandino.
58) 12) dialog: I didn't know he had a brother.
59) 13) dialog: (with glee) They ripped the heart. right. out of his chest. Anne starts to get dizzy. Remy catches her, tries. to put his arms around her. She angrily shoves him away. Pulls herself together. ANNE. (to McCabe) Why would they do a thing like that? MCCABE» Voodoo.
59) 25) dialog: Black magic. Gris-gris. That's Daddy Mention's thing.