43) 0) text: With a view of the pier, Marnie and Zipper sit on a bench the motorcycle nearby. She looks through the binoculars n like they’re in the last row of an action movie.
49) 0) text: At a round booth, Lori sits in between Marnie and the cam guy from Lori’s set, BEN (30s). He’s in the middle of a long, animated story.
49) 1) dialog: Indy races through the jungle, all the way back to Jock and the seaplane. Indy screams, “Come on, Jock! Get going!” but the natives are chasing him to the edge of the water. So Indy grabs onto a vine and goes swinging through the air... Ben sings some theme music. Marnie laughs, enchanted. Lor takes a big sip of her drink.
49) 2) dialog: Indy hits the water. Splewsh. Poison arrows are firing all around him. Pew pew pew pew pew.... Then Indy climbs into the seat of the plane just as it lifts out of the water and takes to the sky. And that’s when Indy looks down and sees.... are you ready?... a giant snake in his lap. Marnie gasps.
49) 3) dialog: Indy screams, “Jock, why is there a snake on this plane?”. And Jock says, “Oh that’s just Reggie!” And Indy says, “But Jock, I hate snakes!” And the plane flies off into the sunset. And that’s the first twenty minutes of “Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark”. Marnie claps, entertained. Lori forces a laugh. Ben laugh the hardest, wiping his brow, and exhales.
49) 5) dialog: Well, we’ll have to watch it before you leave town. 70. He gives Lori a too-hard squeeze. The WAITER brings more drinks. Lori can’t get to hers fast enough.
49) 11) dialog: Two weeks?
49) 13) dialog: I totally agree. He pulls Lori towards him.
49) 15) dialog: Hurry back. Lori slides under the booth and away. Ben looks around, t looks back at Marnie, with a secret.
49) 16) dialog: Hey... He gestures for Marnie to lean in. As she does, he leans forward and presents an ENGAGEMENT RING in a light-up box
49) 18) dialog: I got it the day after we met. (then) I don’t do things half-assed. When I know I want something, I go for it. That’s how I got this far in my career. Russell Boyd, Rodney Charters, Don McAlpine... when the top cinematographers need a B- camera operator, do you know who they call?
49) 20) dialog: When you know, you know.
49) 22) dialog: So I was thinking that we get everyone she knows, all her friends and family and people she works with and the entire crew and we put together one of those Youtube videos, and maybe it starts with you putting Lori on the back of my truck and then the radio starts playing our song... Marnie beams. Her eyes couldn’t get any wider.
49) 23) dialog: And everyone she knows comes out one at a time and does this choreographed dance number until it ends with me appearing with the ring and getting down on one knee, all in one tracking shot....