19) 0) text: The brunette from the baby shower, JILLIAN, opens the doo see Marnie.
19) 1) dialog: Marnie? What are you doing here?
20) 0) text: Jillian cuts up a salt bagel for her daughter, TEHYA (4 y old).
20) 1) dialog: I swear, I’m like the only one of my friends without full-time help. And in this town, it literally cost more than my salary to hire a decent nanny. So I quit. And now I’m home all day. All day, every day. Isn’t that right, Tehya? Tehya screams.
20) 3) dialog: Oh my god. That’s like the funniest thing ever said, ever. (MORE )
20) 5) dialog: No wonder Lori’s so funny. Well, not anymore, but.... Marnie reaches out to Tehya, but she runs off to the othe side of the room to eat her bagel.
20) 6) dialog: It’s just nobody ever tells you how lonely it is. Like some days, I don’t think I talk to another grown person the entire day. Like by the time Dani gets home, I can’t even turn off the baby talk.
20) 8) dialog: Really?
20) 10) dialog: Yeah. You're right. I don’t know why I worry so much like I’m not doing it right. Like at any moment I’m gonna do the thing that gives her a body complex or a foot fetish.... I don’t know. I lost my mom when I was young so... I’m kinda flying blind. Jillian lets out a laugh. Marnie stops.
20) 12) dialog: Lori's lucky to have you so close. If she ever has kids. My dad couldn’t even fly in for my fake wedding. I had to walk myself down the aisle. 28.
20) 14) dialog: Because. It was at City Hall and we had just found out that the adoption had gone through and I told myself that I didn’t care about having a special day. I just wanted a quickie wedding and we'd have a real wedding sometime after we got Tehya home. But then I thought it'd be so selfish to spend any of the money I’d spend on her on having a special day, so.... Marnie looks at Tehya who is slamming a toy phone on the opposite side of the room.
20) 16) dialog: She. Marnie tries not to react. If anything, it’s a thrill.
20) 17) dialog: Yeah, Dani’s a chef at Bouchon, but she’s like fifth in line and she works crazy hours.
20) 20) dialog: What? Marnie turns back to her.
20) 22) dialog: Marnie, that’s crazy.
20) 24) dialog: You should save it. Spend it on yourself. I mean, wouldn’t Lori be upset?
20) 26) dialog: I just... I mean, why would you want to do that?
20) 28) dialog: Oh my God, this is so totally amazing. Of course you’re gonna be in on all the planning.
20) 30) dialog: Oh I don’t know, nothing extravagant.... Dani was in the Navy, so... maybe it could be a nautical theme?
23) 0) text: Marnie snaps pictures with her iPhone of every crevice of boat's insides, trying to get just the right angles. She texts Jillian way too many pictures.
28) 0) text: Marnie and Jillian taste different cakes.
28) 2) dialog: Definitely the chocolate. The coconut.
29) 22) dialog: Unless you want like to spend a million bucks, bands suck. They just suck. 38.
29) 24) dialog: She’s too pretty.
29) 27) dialog: I don’t know. The venue is already so expensive. Maybe we should just pare this down. Stop all this planning. We don’t even have to meet up really.... We can do most of this over the phone--
34) 0) text: Marnie is still smiling, as she’s handed a glass of 41. 49 50 champagne. Jillian is in the dressing room, while Marnie sits with, Emily, Elaine, the curly-haired woman AKA TRIS (30s), and TWO OTHER BRIDESMAIDS.
34) 11) dialog: Okay, you guys.... 42. Jillian emerges in a couture wedding gown. The women all crazy.
34) 15) dialog: Well, don’t fall in love with it, because I’m not gonna get this exact dress. I’m gonna copy it and buy cheaper fabric and have it made for half the cost. A STORE EMPLOYEE (20s) hears this and rolls her eyes.
34) 19) dialog: Well, of course, but.... RIP. Marnie rips the price-tag off of the dress. The wome all gasp. Then Jillian jumps up and down. A flurry of gir screaming, then the women all envelop Marnie in a huge hu
34) 20) dialog: My mom was my birth mother, but would you be my Earth mother? The other women surround them in a group hug. The store employee joins in.
35) 0) text: Marnie walks with Crate & Barrel bags full of everything Jillian's list.
61) 1) text: 100 84. Marnie joins the back of the line, creating a perfect rai of color. Jillian gives her a squeeze, sighing, relieved.
64) 0) text: Marnie and the rest of the guests watch Jillian’s wife Da finish her speech.
64) 3) dialog: Thank you guys so much. There are so many people in this room that made this day possible, I can’t believe it. First, my incredible wife who married me a year ago against her better judgment.... (laughing) And then agreed to do it again in front of everyone we love, cause she knew it was important to me. Everyone awwwws. They kiss. 102 86.
64) 4) dialog: I want to thank all of my bridesmaids. Nobody could ask for thirteen better friends. I love you all so much. Marnie and the other twelve bridesmaids smile.
64) 5) dialog: And I want to thank my family for flying in from all over the country. Daddy, I love you. (blows a kiss) And Marnie... Marnie stops, looking up, surprised to hear her name.
64) 6) dialog: (starting to cry) There are no words to describe my gratitude. I have never met anyone More generous and truly selfless. When my mother died, I never imagined that I could feel loved so... unconditionally... by someone who wasn’t in my family. You are proof that when one angel leaves this Earth, another angel takes its place. I love you. To Marnie! Everyone holds up their glasses and cheers.
65) 0) text: Blues Traveler plays on-stage while everyone dances. Marn is among them, shoes off, shaking what the good Lord gave her. She dances with the other bridesmaids. Jillian swings Tehya onto the dance-floor and into Marnie arms. Marnie beams as she dances with the little girl, holding hands with Jillian. They make a circle. Emily joins the circle. And so does Mark. Marnie and Mark dance with Tehya between them. They boogie and jump and scream along to the music. Then: 87.
80) 15) dialog: Hey, Marnie. It's Jillian. I was wondering if you could watch Tehya for me today... Marnie’s eyes shoot open. JILLIAN (0.S.) (CONT’D) The nanny is sick and Dani and I have this thing at seven.... Marnie looks at the clock. JILLIAN (0.S.) (CONT’D) So if you could be here by then... Turns the ignition. And takes off. Marnie drops her phone. INT. JILLIAN’S HOUSE -- LATER/NIGHT 129 129 Jillian opens the door to see Marnie panting, out of brea
80) 16) dialog: You are a lifesaver. Jillian hugs Marnie, then shouts into the house.
80) 17) dialog: We're leaving! (then, to Tehya) Grandma Marnie is here! Dani! Little Tehya comes running up to Marnie. She bends down a Tehya’s tiny arms wrap around her neck. It’s the greatest feeling in the world.
80) 18) dialog: Do you mind putting her to bed? Tehya runs up the stairs to her room. Marnie follows her.