9) 7) dialog: Yeah. Emily said it was important that I come but... I think I’m just here to carry gifts. (laughs, then) His mother isn’t around.
9) 9) dialog: Oh. Well, she lives in London, but, we're divorced.... Marnie takes a sip of her drink.
9) 10) dialog: Emily said that you grew up in Brooklyn. Which, um, which part?
9) 12) dialog: I lived on the corner of 48th and 7th right by the church. 12.
9) 14) dialog: We used to go to the public pool before it became a parking lot.
9) 16) dialog: I bet we ran in similar circles.
9) 18) dialog: Well, maybe before I leave town, we can have lunch with the girls. Marnie stops, frozen, unable to breathe.
9) 19) dialog: Or there's this Holocaust museum I’ve been meaning to check out. Have you been to the Holocaust museum? Marnie finally exhales, flustered, and starts piling food her plate.
26) 0) text: Marnie says good-night to her fellow extras as she walks the edge of the set. Yellow signs marked TO SET point her back in its direction. As she reaches the perimeter of orange cones, she sees a IN UNIFORM (late 50s, too tan) leaning against a motorcyc He looks up at Marnie and gives a devastating smile.
38) 0) text: Marnie drives the sunny streets in Joe’s shiny, two-door, cherry-red Lexus convertible, palm trees reflected in the glass. INT. JOE’S CAR -- CONTINUOUS 60 She pushes a button. And the top goes down. She drives towards the sunset, wind in her hair, Beyonce turned up. INT. JOE’S CAR -- NIGHT 61 Grove parking lot. Marnie sits in the parked car, looking pictures of the bridesmaid dresses on her phone when a te comes through from a 917 number. 47. It reads: Hey Marnie, I'm in town again. Want 2 get that lunch sometime? xo Mark Marnie looks petrified, unsure how to respond when:
40) 0) text: -- Marnie wanders The Grove, stoned out of her mind. The sights. The sounds. Everything is vivid, alive. -- The fountain is more mesmerizing than ever. -- The trolley is a locomotive. -- Outside the theater, she stares at a poster of Jacob i upcoming indie. Marnie’s mind explodes, like she’s seeing the universe through her daughter's eyes. -- The stores have closed. Marnie walks the full length o The Grove and keeps going, crossing into: EXT. FARMER’S MARKET -- LATER 67 She wanders through the cluster of closed restaurants. EXT. DUPAR’S -- LATER 68 She makes her way to the brightly-lit diner. INT. DUPAR’S -- LATER 69 She stares at the gigantic cakes and pies spinning in a g case. Her eyes are glazed over. She looks up at a WAITRES
65) 0) text: Blues Traveler plays on-stage while everyone dances. Marn is among them, shoes off, shaking what the good Lord gave her. She dances with the other bridesmaids. Jillian swings Tehya onto the dance-floor and into Marnie arms. Marnie beams as she dances with the little girl, holding hands with Jillian. They make a circle. Emily joins the circle. And so does Mark. Marnie and Mark dance with Tehya between them. They boogie and jump and scream along to the music. Then: 87.
65) 2) dialog: I can’t remember the last time I danced this much.
65) 4) dialog: You know, you did a really amazing thing, Marnie. All of this. They look really happy. Marnie turns to see Jillian and Dani slow-dancing, happy. She smiles. Then, just beyond them, Jacob crosses through group of people on his way out of the room.
65) 5) dialog: So about that lunch....
65) 7) dialog: Oh-kay. Marnie runs away from Mark.
67) 0) text: The boat is docked in the background. Marnie fast-walks toward her car, Mark trailing behind her.
67) 1) dialog: You sure you don’t want to stay for another drink?
67) 5) dialog: Oh my God. The crime in this city. She doesn’t realize Mark is facing her.
67) 6) dialog: Well, I’m sorry this is how your night's ending.
67) 8) dialog: Can’t remember the last time I had so much fun.
67) 10) dialog: Couple of Brooklynites, we are.
67) 12) dialog: And that dress is a knockout. (then) The color. Blood red. Mark touches her face. Marnie stops, frozen.
67) 13) dialog: And hair to match. Suddenly his touch feels strange. He puts his hand on the back of her neck. Marnie’s eyes widen, as Mark’s eyes clo She can feel his grip. He leans in. And she explodes. 106 90.
67) 15) dialog: Ow! Marnie! What are you doing? She bursts from his car door and runs in a zig-zag patter away from him. He is not chasing her. INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 106 Marnie locks every lock behind her. Then frantically fumb for her cell phone, quickly CALLING LORI.