40) 11) dialog: And you are, Miss...
40) 13) dialog: Miss Minervini...
40) 15) dialog: Mrs. Minervini...
40) 17) dialog: Marnie?
40) 19) dialog: Do you want to join us?
40) 27) dialog: No... Everyone dies of laughter. Marnie tries to join them, laughing too hard.
40) 30) dialog: Sorry about them. They’re good guys. They just like hearing themselves talk.
40) 33) dialog: Okay.
40) 35) dialog: Do you need a ride or...? He gestures. Marnie looks at Zipper’s motorcycle. 56.
40) 37) dialog: (slight laugh) Okay, well, how bout just this once I drive it and you can sit on back. He climbs on.
40) 39) dialog: Oh, no, this isn’t a motorcycle. This is a Harley Davidson. There's a world of difference. It’s important that you understand that. A few other cops start out of Dupar’s toward their COP CA
40) 40) dialog: Let me just kick-start her here. Zipper “kick-starts” his Harley with his thumb.
40) 41) dialog: You wanna go on a ride-along?
40) 43) dialog: You're new in town. Let me give you the tour. She looks at him, unsure.
40) 44) dialog: The safest place you can be in Los Angeles is on the back of this bike, I promise you. He extends a helmet.
40) 45) dialog: Don’t worry. I’11 go slow. 72 73 57.
41) 0) text: Not slowly, the motorcycle tails a COP CAR. Marnie is strapped to Zipper’s back, helmet on, terror in her eyes.
41) 1) dialog: So tell me about your kids.
42) 0) text: Marnie and Zipper are parked behind the cop car. Zipper looks through binoculars at something.
42) 1) dialog: After I retired, I used to drive around listening to the CB just to see where the action was. And then I started following them around, so the guys said I should just come along. Sort of like unofficial back-up. In case anything goes wrong.
42) 4) dialog: No. No, but I knew of the guy following him. Hadn’t seen his family in eight years. That’s what chasing a rabbit will do to you. This hits her. She nods, letting go of irrational fears.
42) 5) dialog: Took thirty years on the force to realize you can’t save everybody. He looks through the binoculars.
42) 6) dialog: But you try. 74 58. Marnie smiles at him.
43) 0) text: With a view of the pier, Marnie and Zipper sit on a bench the motorcycle nearby. She looks through the binoculars n like they’re in the last row of an action movie.
43) 2) dialog: It’s my last name.
43) 4) dialog: Randy. Randall.
43) 6) dialog: I’m from Oxnard originally. I moved to Ventura when I got married and then I moved to Topanga when I got divorced.
43) 8) dialog: Oh, don’t be sorry. She’s not. He laughs. She joins him.
43) 9) dialog: She never smiled with her teeth. You know? I should’ve known. Marnie doesn’t know whether or not to smile.
43) 11) dialog: It’s by the beach. Not on the beach. (MORE )
43) 13) dialog: I wouldn't mind living on the beach. But I wouldn’t know where to keep the chickens.
43) 15) dialog: Some people have dogs. I am aman with chickens.
43) 17) dialog: You know what they say about counting chickens. She laughs.
43) 18) dialog: We have a very symbiotic relationship. I give them a coop and some grass and sometimes a little Parmesan cheese and they keep me in eggs. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a blue egg.
43) 19) dialog: This is from the Ameraucana. I only have one Easter Egger. He hands her the blue egg. She looks at it up close.
43) 21) dialog: Yeah, she’s a toughie. (then) You want to meet her? She looks up at him, thinking.
43) 23) dialog: (looks at his watch) Well, she’s been out at the bar all night but she should be home by now. 75 60. She deliberates, fighting the voices in her head. EXT. ZIPPER’S TOPANGA HOME -- EARLY DAWN 75 Marnie and Zipper walk up to the coop. He holds open a chicken-wire gate and she nervously walks through it. She stands there as Zipper calls to the chickens and spreads some feed.
43) 24) dialog: Okay, that’s Joan, that’s Gertude, that’s Henrietta... Don’t let her sass you. She’s got an attitude on account of being so damn beautiful. Ladies, this is Marnie. Marnie shyly waves at them. Zipper walks to the other sid of the coop and messes with a boom box, an extension cord extends into the house.
43) 25) dialog: Couple a months back, I was cleaning the coop and playing my boom box and I looked at their faces and I swear, the chickens just looked happy. So I dida little experiment to see what kind of music they dig the most. Rock ‘n’ roll makes them lay eggs like crazy, but seems to stress them out. Classical works. Reggae does not. But I find for the perfect balance of productivity and happiness, all roads lead to Dolly. He pushes PLAY on the boom box and a Dolly Parton song pl Zipper and Marnie stand in the coop.
43) 27) dialog: Don’t they look like they’re smiling? She looks at the chickens. They all have different chicke faces. She can’t tell if they’re smiling, but she sure is It gets wider and wider, as she moves around the coop, tw stepping out of the chickens’ way. It’s almost dancing. 61. 76 INT. ZIPPER’S HOUSE -- MORNING 76 The sun is just coming up, bathing the room in a pink glo Zipper makes Marnie a cup of coffee in his small kitchen.
43) 30) dialog: And then you stayed in LA? That’s a pretty big sea change, literally. I mean, that’s really, very brave.
43) 34) dialog: The one who likes me lives far away. And the one that doesn’t is in Palm Springs. Her smile drops. He explains.
43) 35) dialog: Lizzy was still in high school when her mom and I fell apart, which was mostly my fault. 70/30. 60/40, maybe. I was working all the time. I brought it home with me. And as soon as she started to slip away, I started gripping and I guess I held on too tightly. And I lost her. Lizzy, I mean. The younger one. (then) She’s in a rehab-- (correcting himself) Program. She’s in a program. I was hoping one of those steps would lead her back here, but.... (then) I don’t know. I was a hot head then. I let my temper get the best of me. I was too strict. Had too many rules. Curfews. Made them scared to tell me things.
43) 37) dialog: (slight scoff) Well, not anymore.
43) 40) dialog: Yeah, it has its moments. I’ve learned to calm down. I meditate, if you can believe that. The chickens keep me in line. Sometimes I hit the bag in the garage. Mostly I just exercise patience. With everything. My ex. My girls. If Lizzy doesn’t want me to call her anymore, I have to respect that.
43) 42) dialog: I left her messages until it was full.
43) 44) dialog: I really wouldn’t know what to say.
43) 48) dialog: Okay. He reaches into his wallet and hands her his card. Their hands touch for a flash. She quickly puts the card in her pants pocket.
43) 49) dialog: In case you need to get out of a speeding ticket or something. She turns and hurries away. He watches her go. INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER 78 -- Marnie puts down the carton of eggs. -- Outside, she feeds the dogs. Watching them eat. -- She opens the carton of eggs and sees eleven brown egg and one blue one. She smiles. -- Music begins over: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 79 -- Marnie takes a piece of bread and cuts a hole in it. -- She places the bread in a hot pan. The butter sizzles. -- She cracks the blue egg open and drops the yolk in the center of the bread. -- The egg fries in the heat. The steam rises up to meet her. She slides the spatula underneath it and flips it at exactly the right time. -- Marnie sits at the table and cuts into the egg-fried bread. She salts the single bite and puts it in her mouth It’s so good, her eyes roll back. -- Bite after bite, it seems to only get better. She hasn tasted an egg like this in so long. Maybe ever. -- Marnie finishes the last bite, wipes her mouth and pou a fist on the table, as she swallows. And exhales. Slowly her expression changes from ecstasy to something like gui -- At the sink, she scrubs the plate clean, shaking her h 80 81 82 83 84 65.
51) 1) dialog: This is obviously me. BEEP. Marnie loud-whispers in the dark.
57) 2) dialog: Hey, Marnie, it's your new friend Zipper. (she sits up) Or Randy. Depending on who you ask. I just saw that you called. Sorry I'm just getting back to you now. There's such bad reception in the canyon, I could barely hear your message. Marnie exhales, a bit relieved.
57) 3) dialog: But I wanted to try you back and see how the east coast is treating you. And also let you know that the chickens have expanded their musical library to include Peggy Lee, as well as Dolly Parton covers, so you've got that to look forward to. If you ever make it back this way. But... give me a call if you get a chance. Okay. (then, being funny) Love you, bye. Click. Marnie’s eyes widen. She covers her mouth, shocked unable to breathe. Then, she cracks up, laughing. And goe to listen to the message again.
59) 0) text: Marnie pulls the red Lexus up in front of Zipper’s house climbs out, holding the Apple bag. She walks up the front step. There’s music playing inside. As she gets closer, s realizes it’s Zipper, singing and playing guitar. 81. She stops short, listening through the screen door. It ta a moment to recognize the song, Dolly Parton’s “To Daddy”
59) 1) dialog: (singing) Being took for granted was a thing that she accepted/ And she didn’t need those things to make her happy / She didn’t even seem to notice / That he didn’t kiss and hold her/ If she did, she never did say so to daddy.... Marnie mouths along with the lyrics, getting lost in the song. She leans against the screen door and it CREAKS. Th guitar stops. She quickly hangs the bag on the door knob starts away. The screen door swings open.
59) 2) dialog: This counts as trespassing. She turns back to him. He “hides” an acoustic guitar.
59) 3) dialog: You didn’t hear any sort of music- type sounds coming from inside....
59) 5) dialog: Just a little Dolly cover band I’m putting together. Zipper and the Fuzz. We have a mostly avian fan- base. You want to come in, let me test this out on a human lady? He holds the screen door open, then notices the bag.
59) 6) dialog: What’s this?
59) 9) dialog: I have been meaning to get one of those. Thank you. You wannna come in? Show me how to plug it in? She looks at him, her courage waning.
59) 11) dialog: Oh. That’s fun. He walks down the steps towards her. She swallows.
59) 12) dialog: Well, I missed ya. (then) Isn’t that funny? She doesn’t know how to respond.
59) 13) dialog: I ended up calling her. My daughter. Marnie smiles, genuinely excited.
59) 15) dialog: Yeah. She yelled at me. A lot. I’m thinking I should ride out there and let her scream in my face a little. You wanna come with? He reaches out and takes hold of her hand. She’s stunned, silenced.
59) 16) dialog: Just a day trip. Nothing overnight or... I just thought you should check out the desert and... I could use the moral support--
59) 21) dialog: Okay. He doesn’t move. Marnie turns away. And starts toward her car. She doesn’t turn back. He lets her go. INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 97 Marnie stands in her black clothes, looking at her daught RED BRIDESMAID DRESS hung in front of the closet. She shakes her head, takes a breath and begins to undress Throwing off her black top. Kicking off her black pants. She wraps herself up in the red dress. She looks stunning transformed. She turns to the side and exhales. Okay, it’ a bit tight. But the color of the dress puts the roses in her cheeks. She tries her hair up. Then down. Then up. She paints her never-painted nails. She slides on lipstick. She puts contacts, leaving her glasses behind.
78) 0) text: Marnie comes down the jail steps, looks up, and stops to Zipper standing by his motorcycle, smiling. She looks exhausted, but can’t help but smile when she sees him.
79) 0) text: Marnie rides on the back of Zipper’s bike, her arms wrapp around his waist. The sun is setting and simply beautiful
80) 0) text: Zipper pulls his motorcycle up to Marnie’s Toyota, still parked in the lot. She steps off the bike. He cuts the engine. They look at each other. The ocean sounds nearby.
80) 2) dialog: Of course.
80) 4) dialog: I don’t think so.
80) 6) dialog: That sounds like a good one. 128 103.
80) 8) dialog: No, that’s actually the opposite of what I usually do. (then) I bailed you out as a friend. She smiles. Then reaches out and takes hold of his hand. His thumb gently rubs hers. She interlocks fingers. Then:
80) 10) dialog: Definitely. They look at each other. And suddenly, slowly, they lean He kisses her on the mouth, gently, but with fire behind They slowly pull away. Their hands slide apart. Marnie turns away, walking back to her car, smiling the whole wa He watches her go, then “kick-starts” his bike and rides INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- MOMENTS LATER 128 Marnie climbs into the driver’s seat and shuts the door. Taking a moment to realize her iPhone is on the console w she left it. She picks it up to see:
82) 0) text: The sun is shining. Another blue-sky day. Marnie’s Toyota makes its way down a tree-lined street. INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- CONTINUOUS 131 Marnie holds her cell phone in her hand, her daughter’s picture on the home screen. She looks at the phone, waiting for it to get service. 107. NO SERVICE. ONE BAR. TWO BARS. FULL BARS. Marnie pulls up her list of FAVORITES: LORI and ZIPPER. S chooses Lori. The phone rings and rings and then: