4) 8) dialog: Say that again, what? You can see what? Whose? No, not til Monday. Whose is it?
6) 0) text: .»..0N a monitor in front of Kris, now in OFFICE DRESS. S in one cubicle of many, on the phone:
6) 1) dialog: You can see his foot. A grip, gaffer, I don’t know, somebody’s foot, a shadow. Right but if I can see it they’re going to see it too. Ok I’m going to ask five people around me if they notice and if one-
6) 4) dialog: I think they were the best of the lot and the rest aren’t great...and I can’t keep having the same conversation with them.
7) 3) dialog: It has been a while- I’m sorry about that, but you’re work is just amazing. When we saw your take on it everyone knew instantly we found the right place. I do have a couple questions- INT. EVAN’S HOUSE/ BACK ROOM - DUSK Evan sets aside TWO CAPSULES from a TYLENOL bottle... .carefully opens one, empties the medicine... .places an inchworm inside, recloses the halves... -marks a TINY DOT on the capsule with a pen. He holds the tampered and untampered capsules up to the light, comparing them before they both go in a SMALL BAGG
12) 0) text: We follow Kris to a back hallway where the restrooms are. She tries the women’s, but it’s locked. She waits, checks her phone, flicks through messages. Beyond her... ...Evan waits outside the men’s. He approaches with his phone out to show her:
13) 3) text: 20 21 22 Revision 1 10. INT. KRIS’ CAR - NEXT - NIGHT Evan rides in the back seat, scanning Kris’ house as they pull into the long driveway. INT. KRIS’ HOUSE/ OFFICE - NEXT - NIGHT At the desk Evan thumbs through bills, financial statemen etc. He sets aside blank "BALANCE TRANSFER CHECKS". He opens her checkbook to see the balance: "$5189.23". He checks his watch, thinks. He pulls a PAPERBACK copy of "WALDEN" from his back pocket, rests it on the desk. He taps the cover while scanning the room. INT. KRIS’ HOUSE/ HALLWAY CLOSET - NEXT - NIGHT He pulls out various BOARD GAMES, looking for something. He finds a case of POKER CHIPS, tucks it under his arm. INT. KRIS’ HOUSE/ FOYER - NEXT - NIGHT KRIS’ BARE FEET are within ONE WHITE TILE of the tiled floor. She stands, relaxed, almost nodding off against the wall. Evan SNAPS his fingers:
13) 5) dialog: Is there food?
13) 11) dialog: Ten chip. Ten chip. Eight, nine, ten chip. Three, four, and six, ten chip... She does a quick count of the stacks with her finger. Satisfied, she grabs a nearby SHEET OF PAPER full of her HANDWRITING. She folds it over and adds it as another "li in the CHAIN OF PAPER RINGS she has been constructing all night. She uses a glue stick and then counts while she ho it tight: KRIS (cont’d) One one thousand, two one thousand, three one thousand, four and five and stick... She lets go of the paper, watching to make sure it sticks It does so she gets her treat, filling the glass precisel to a MARKER LINE drawn by hand. It’s barely a sip. She downs the drink and takes a moment to enjoy it before realizing she wants another. She gets back to work.
13) 13) text: Revision 1 13. KRIS (cont’d) One chip, one chip, one chip, one, one, one, one chip, one, one, one chip, two chip, two chip, two, one and two chip...
13) 16) dialog: Oh no.
13) 18) dialog: No. Oh no. Do you have money?
13) 20) dialog: Mom. I have the house.
13) 22) dialog: Not all of it. But I have...I could-
13) 24) dialog: Thirty-six thousand. Would that be enough? And coins. (CONTINUED)
13) 27) dialog: I just. Don’t. Feel. Like I should.
14) 0) text: From the car he watches her go in from a block away. INT. KRIS’ CAR - NEXT - DAY She drives while relaying a mental transcript:
14) 1) dialog: -I give you back your ID? There we are. Current balance is at the bottom. Please allow three to four business days for availability of funds. Is there anything else I can help you with? No, that’s it. Then thank you very much for stopping in Miss Fischer and have a great- 35 36 37 38 Revision 1 16.
15) 0) text: Kris exits and walks toward the car. INT. KRIS’ CAR - NEXT - DAY Again, while she drives:
15) 1) dialog: Yes ma’am, may I help you? who can I speak to about a home equity line of credit? I can help you with that. My name is Marie. Please have a seat. I love your broche- INT. KRIS’ HOUSE/ LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Kris is alone. She’s lost weight. Her eyes are sunken in. Her busywork has become more elaborate. She CROCHETS with YARN that alternates between WHITE and RED after some length:
15) 2) dialog: Over and under and through and back and over and under and through and around and over and under and through and back and now you are red. She positions herself in front of the RED PIECES in a gam of CHECKERS. After some thought, she plays, jumping a pie KRIS (cont’d) Crown me. She adds another handwritten page from "Walden" to the ch and pours a sip of water. The chain is now 20 FEET LONG a winds throughout the room. EXT. KRIS’ HOUSE/ BACK PORCH - DAY Evan listens to voicemail on Kris’ phone while playing mo poker on his.
15) 6) text: 43 44 45 46 CONTINUED: Revision 1 18. ...watches Kris work for one last moment before...
16) 0) text: On a macro scale we see representations of chemistry, biology, branching, growth. SLENDER TUBULES glide past ea other. INT. KRIS’ HOUSE/ BEDROOM - NIGHT Still asleep, Kris’ arm UNFURLS and twists seemingly unde its own control until it extends out to the edge of the b One at a time her legs reach out to full extension. On her left calf something that looks like a LARGE VEIN rises against the inside of the skin and ELONGATES toward her foot. The same happens on her left forearm. Her eyes open slowly. Unaware, she turns to her right arm ...to see the LONG WORM rise against the skin. 47
18) 5) dialog: It won’t come out.
19) 0) text: Kris stands next to a STEEL PLATFORM, a scale for weighin livestock. Fluorescents hum while she looks around nervously. Wesley calibrates the scale then... (CONTINUED)
20) 2) dialog: One fifteen. Maybe. Why? All business, he puts another full glass of the mixture i front of her. She grabs it and prepares to drink.
20) 3) dialog: Will you say why?
20) 5) dialog: Is that good? Wesley silently continues writing.
20) 6) dialog: How long does it take? He pours another glass to a precise level for her. KRIS (cont’d) This’11 kill it? He makes the mistake of looking at her and melts a bit:
20) 8) dialog: Where did it come from? Nothing. (CONTINUED)
20) 10) dialog: This will kill it?
21) 0) text: Wesley puts in EARPLUGS to muffle Kris’ SCREAMS of agony coming from down the hall. He ties TWO RAW BEEF STEAKS together with GAUZE.
22) 0) text: Wesley searches Kris’ extremities: left arm, left leg, ri arm, right leg. That’s where he finds the NUB of the worm head peeking out. He wraps the layers of beef over it. He pulls the cot to the other side of the room for better access, nearly deaf to her screams.
24) 0) text: He checks between the steaks to see the worm has traveled through the first and entered the second. He inserts a WOODEN DOWEL under the worm and manages to l it a few times. He turns the dowel, pulling more of the w from Kris. She screams. (CONTINUED)
24) 1) text: 55 56 CONTINUED: Revision 1 23. He wheels the pig into the room on a gurney, positioned n to Kris’ leg. He affixes the second steak, worm still embedded, to the square wound on the pig.
24) 3) dialog: 
25) 0) text: Reading from his notes he adds a line to a page of names serial numbers: "KRIS FISCHER 20110802-Kris" On a SMALL TAG he copies the serial number: "20110802-Kri He PIERCES the pig’s ear with the tag. By now the worm ha crawled further in with only a few inches now left outsid
26) 0) text: The pig is released into the pen passing others with simi ear tags and first names: "Robert" "Luis" "Paula" etc. The pen holds 50 PIGS. Beyond it is Wesley’s FARMHOUSE. 57 58 59 60 61 Revision 1 24. EXT. KRIS’ HOUSE - DAY Kris calmly walks to the front entrance and opens the doo INT. KRIS’ HOUSE - NEXT - DAY We follow as she passes through the living room, the kitchen, her bedroom. She doesn’t seem to notice the TENS PEOPLE standing idle in every room. She begins to remove her nightgown when she stops, puzzle She calmly steps back to the kitchen to see everyone, but before she can make sense of it...
27) 0) text: Kris wakes in her car. She has been placed behind the whe The car is parked just off the road. 4 STRIPED TOWERS of oil refinery lie in the distance. For a moment she is frozen in terror, eyes wide. She suddenly takes a huge breath, waking to her surroundings. She nervously checks the backseat, the glove box, the floorboard, looking for any clue to how she got here. A moment of thought leads her to a greater fear: she lift her nightgown and puts a hand in her underwear. She inspe her fingers but nothing is confirmed either way.
28) 0) text: She drives into the parking lot... ...turns off the ignition, about to open the car door but Her hand rests on the HANDLE. She scans people: COPS, VICTIMS, MEN IN HANDCUFFS. She’s hesitating. She starts up the ignition and backs out. EXT. KRIS’ HOUSE - NEXT - DAY She pulls into the driveway, looking for anything suspicious.
28) 2) text: 62 63 64 65 66 CONTINUED: Revision 1 25. She opens the front door and pushes it WIDE OPEN. After checking around corners she quickly takes a few ste in, grabs her CELLPHONE, and retreats back outside. She dials 911 then lets her thumb hover over the CALL button. She wields this as a weapon and enters the house. INT. KRIS’ HOUSE - NEXT - DAY She stands in each room, studying it. The OFFICE... LIVING ROOM... » HALLWAY... . BEDROOM... ...KITCHEN. She crouches near the DRIED BLOOD on the floo The KNIFE lies next to it. She rubs her wrist.
30) 0) text: Kris sits before a female MANAGER.
30) 3) dialog: I already said it was voicemail. I left a voice- where is Roth? Today. Why isn’t he telling me himself?
30) 5) dialog: I. Had. The flu. I had a hundred and six temperature!
32) 0) text: Kris is checking out, running her CARD through the SCANNE It’s not working. The CASHIER tries to help but it’s no u Frustration mounts. We’re too far away to hear dialogue. INT. BANK/ INVESTIGATOR’S OFFICE - DAY Kris waits alone. Her older sister MAGGIE stands just outside.
32) 6) dialog: I don’t. I quit.
32) 8) dialog: Few days ago- last week.
32) 10) dialog: Because. They’re assholes. The bank INVESTIGATOR joins them at his desk with PAPERS.
32) 13) dialog: Yeah, that’s my writing. This isn’t though, see? It’s forgery. Maggie compares them: the same. She looks at Kris, perplexed.
34) 0) text: JEFF (35) finds a seat in the front car, heading for work He sits up. Something is off. He looks around. Did he for something? He checks his bag, his wallet. Nothing. His head is drawn toward the rear of the train. He sudden gets up and walks back with his belongings. He moves into the next car back, checking the passengers. Nothing. He has a seat there. Still not right. He gets up again and moves back a car, h hand tracing along the seats. He doesn’t know what he’s after. He enters the fourth car, sees Kris, thinks, sits across aisle from her. Her head rests on the window, headphones eyes closed. Dressed CASUAL, her hair is SHORT BLONDE now He studies her, then her bag, her hands, the floor thinking. She opens her eyes, aware of something but not sure what. She sits up, removes headphones, searches the room, lands Jeff. 74 75 76 Revision 1 30.
35) 1) dialog: ...address is there. You ever need signage of any kind, just call or come down-
35) 3) dialog: That’s me.
35) 5) dialog: Okay. Jeff.
37) 0) text: Kris rides to work, her head in a catalog. SOMETHING quietly draws her attention forward. She lifts eyes, then head, scanning outside. 77 78 Revision 1 31.
39) 2) dialog: Where is it? [his job]
39) 4) dialog: Why do you take the train? The purse-digging has become distracting. He goes quiet. (CONTINUED)
39) 6) dialog: Everyone on there’s homeless or had their license revoked or...you know.
39) 8) dialog: That’s a gift for us. He doesn’t know what to do with that.
39) 9) dialog: There’s this path forward where I wait to tell you. Then maybe you use it as an excuse, maybe you don’t- I don’t know. Last year I was diagnosed bipolar. I take those...and these. And it’s fine. He stands a menu up to hide the bottle. He thinks. KRIS (cont’d) So that’s here now. Saved us at least three to four weeks.
40) 3) dialog: It’s not great.
41) 2) dialog: If we both show up we know we’re good.
41) 4) dialog: And I wouldn’t know if you showed or-
41) 6) dialog: I think...Jeff...I’m going to save you some time. Thank you for lunch but... She moves away, gets on the escalator. He smirks, trying be amused at the insult. Instead he gets awkward and a bi angry:
42) 0) text: Kris operates a LARGE INDUSTRIAL PRINTER. She waits for i to finish, getting lost in the drone of the machine, her thoughts.
49) 0) text: A HAND picks up STRAY CONCRETE BITS off the bottom of the pool. Kris is swimming, hovering, scanning, searching the pieces. Alone, quiet, small in the frame.
73) 0) text: Jeff walks in, scans the counter. Kris isn’t there.
73) 2) dialog: I need to go up front.
74) 0) text: Kris and Jeff sit at the rear of car, watching a WOMAN KN
74) 2) dialog: He’s divorced. Cause she cheated. She checks Jeff’s response. It’s a subtle: No.
74) 3) dialog: Or he did. He cheated. No. KRIS (cont’d) He has these anger issues, couldn’t cope. Hmmm. Interesting but no. KRIS (cont’d) Alcoholic. Wow, close. KRIS (cont’d) No, but a substance of some kind. An illegal kind. He admits it with silence. Revision 1 44.
75) 1) dialog: I would think there are some marriages that could survive that. Maybe.
75) 3) dialog: Not yours.
75) 6) dialog: You do a program or something?
75) 8) dialog: I have to open the store.
75) 10) dialog: No, I’m lucky to have that job.
75) 13) dialog: It’s not my fault when it goes wrong.
76) 0) text: ...GROUND. They stay asleep, surrounded by pigs. PAN OVER to see Wesley pushing a WHEELBARROW to the pen. He pours several bags of feed into the TROUGH. As the pig jockey for position, he tosses in some BROWN BANANAS, etc The pigs FEAST greedily. INT. KRIS’ RUNDOWN APARTMENT/ KITCHEN - MORNING SCRAMBLED EGGS SIZZLE in a pan. They make breakfast. Jeff butters toast, gets jam from the fridge. Kris’ eyes follow him back and forth. When he gets close she lunges him for a brief kiss, almost desperate. Then nervous. INT. CHAIN HOTEL/ JEFF’S ROOM - NIGHT They enter the room. Jeff shows her around.
76) 1) dialog: Why do you live in hotels? (CONTINUED)
76) 4) dialog: Right but why do you choose to?
77) 2) dialog: They always remind me of family vacations. I think it’s the smell, the chlorine or bleach on the sheets. Glasses in plastic.
78) 3) dialog: You have a message.
78) 6) dialog: Are you going? For a second he pretends to not understand, but:
78) 7) dialog: To the banquet.
79) 0) text: Kris, DRESSED for the party, enjoys the ride DOWNTOWN.
81) 0) text: The taxi arrives. Jeff opens the door for Kris and pays. takes in the hotel, ready to walk in... ...but he needs to talk, points away from the hotel and.. ...leads her by the hand across the street, dodging traffic... Revision 1 49.
82) 0) text: They’re at a small table. Kris waits for him to speak as nervously removes the PAPER WRAPPERS from straws.
82) 2) dialog: Shit. You kidding me? I bought a dress- He holds up a hand to keep her calm. She’s got the wrong idea.
82) 4) dialog: Okay...
82) 6) dialog: That still sounds impressive-
82) 8) dialog: I don’t...what does that last part mean-
82) 11) dialog: Because of...Reno?
82) 13) dialog: License. 50. She stares at his hands. He has made a CHAIN with the str wrappers like she made with Evan. But she doesn’t remembe
82) 14) dialog: That was smart...waiting to tell me. Cause what am I gonna do now?
82) 16) dialog: I think you might be using that wrong. INT. CHAIN HOTEL/ JEFF’S ROOM - DAWN Jeff sleeps. Kris pours a cup of room service coffee.
82) 19) dialog: I might be pregnant. INT. WESLEY’S FARMHOUSE - NIGHT She runs Wesley holds headphones to one ear and a cellphone to the other, discussing the symphony with someone: (CONTINUED)
83) 12) dialog: No, I took a test. I am.
83) 14) dialog: Uh-huh. Okay.
83) 17) dialog: No. I would have put that down.
85) 0) text: Kris is on the table, unconscious, wearing an anesthesia mask. Obgyn makes an INCISION on her abdomen.
91) 0) text: Kris recovers in bed. Obgyn sits across from her:
92) 0) text: Kris wanders to the exit, trancelike, despondent.
93) 0) text: Jeff rides, scanning. He sees Kris walking, tells cabbie:
94) 3) dialog: No, you don’t know. I pretended to show you how bad it is that it couldn’t be worse but it’s so much (MORE) (CONTINUED)
94) 4) text: 142 CONTINUED: Revision 1 56. KRIS (cont’d) worse. I can’t see my niece and nephew. I started off with promise and could do things and accomplish but it was all a trick-
94) 6) dialog: I’m not allowed, Jeff! I. flipped. over. My whole beginning was a fake out. This is who I’ve always been. How are you not seeing that?
94) 8) dialog: I’m broken.
94) 10) dialog: Can we get a car? He smiles. Right now he’d do anything.
94) 11) dialog: Today?
95) 0) text: Jeff and Kris sit in a BEAT-UP TERCEL with "FOR SALE" painted on the window. It’s stopped at a FORK in the road near the 4 striped towers where Wesley left Kris. Revision 1 57.
96) 1) dialog: Do you know this place?
96) 3) dialog: It’s okay. Let me...if you had to pick a direction, one of these roads here...is there one you feel more...drawn to?
96) 6) dialog: Which way do you think? I say right.
96) 8) dialog: Don’t just say what I say and don’t let my vote affect yours.
96) 10) dialog: -and I won’t let yours affect mine. He smirks, not seeing how that’s going to work. (CONTINUED)
100) 0) text: Kris takes out the trash. It’s RAINING. A Coworker passes her:
100) 3) dialog: Go ahead. I’1l go when you’re back.
100) 5) dialog: Almost the only friend of human progress. NOTE TO READER: Yeah, that’s weird. We’1ll get to it late
107) 0) text: The door BANGS open and out comes Kris, frantically diali her phone. She hurries down the alley. The call won’t wor She crouches next to a dumpster to concentrate on the pho shielding it from the rain. It fails again.
107) 1) dialog: GODDAMN IT! Piece of shit! She PUNCHES a discarded PLATE GLASS, shattering it.
112) 1) dialog: I don’t know. I need you to help me. Panicking, she looks down both ends of a blank corridor w intersecting halls. Her hand is now WRAPPED in BLOODY CLO
112) 4) dialog: Which way?
112) 7) dialog: No, it’s just a room.
112) 9) dialog: I didn’t know it was.
112) 11) dialog: Home. EXT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE - NEXT - DAY The Tercel POPS the curb, careening into the driveway. They rush through the front door, slamming it behind them We hear them frantically rummaging for things they need. 161 162 163 164 Revision 1 65. INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS - DAY They rush from the kitchen to the garage to a hall closet We’re always too late to see exactly what they’re doing:
114) 0) text: Further downstream the sack floats over tiny falls then c water until it gets snagged on a TREE BRANCH. It rests there on the water. Lifeless. INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE - NIGHT All is quiet and dark. The bathroom door opens. They exit
117) 0) text: CARCASS #2 gets stuck in eddies, rests against a LARGE DRAIN. INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE/ BATHROOM - DUSK WATER SWIRLS down the bathtub drain. Kris places a STOPPE over it. She’s drawing a bath.
118) 0) text: Carcass #1, waterlogged, sinks below the surface until it comes to rest on the creek bed surrounded by rocks. INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE/ BATHROOM - INTERCUT - DUSK Kris sinks underwater, almost unaware that she’s doing it Her EYES stay transfixed at some point miles away. 172 173 174 Revision 1 67.
119) 0) text: Carcass #2 also sinks, also rests at the bottom. INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE/ BATHROOM - INTERCUT - DUSK Kris lies completely still, staring underwater. Seconds g by. Suddenly, she emerges, remembering to breathe, GASPING. INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE/ LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Kris is curled up on the floor, not watching the TV that lights her. Despondent. Jeff watches her from the next ro
119) 3) dialog: Where would we go?
119) 5) dialog: Maybe to Vermont. To that place you know.
119) 7) dialog: How do you get there? He’s confused and suspects she’s toying with him.
119) 8) dialog: How do you get to the place your family used to go? In Vermont. The vacation. Now he’s sure of it: (CONTINUED)
119) 11) dialog: What road?
119) 13) dialog: You don’t remember?
119) 15) dialog: I was six. You go through three covered bridges made of red-painted wood and after the second one we stop for samples at the old taffy factory and that’s how you know you’re halfway there.
119) 17) dialog: I was a kid. It was me. You took it.
119) 19) dialog: It proves you may be in my head, but you’re still too stupid to understand me. Or anything.
119) 22) dialog: That’s you. That’s yours. (CONTINUED)
119) 25) dialog: Me. That’s mine. That happened to me.
119) 27) dialog: They weren’t friends. They never met. You pushed them together. He gets quiet, shakes his head: This is idiotic.
119) 28) dialog: Where would you get...cocaine?
119) 30) dialog: If you wanted it. I know you don’t because you’re recovering. But if you did...where would you?
119) 32) dialog: Shouldn’t be that hard. You’re an addict. Had a huge addiction. Blew your savings, your marriage. Ruined your life. Some story about running off to Reno to hit bottom. You must crave it all the time. Where would you get it? Or is it possible that you don’t know the first thing about -
119) 35) dialog: So you’d get it from them?
119) 37) dialog: So the best place you can think of to get a fix for you’re horrible addiction is the same place you started going to get over the supposed addiction?
119) 39) dialog: Yeah, you got bigger problems than vocabulary. How do you use? You snort it? How much? Inject it? With what exactly? Use one of those spoons? You have a kit? Where do you get it? And don’t say the goddamn meetings! He’s found a FOLDER he was looking for. He lays it out fo her, showing RECEIPTS one by one: She looks
131) 0) text: They wait as a PORTER transfers their LUGGAGE and the red cooler to a roller. He follows them inside. INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE - DAY The refrigerator is DRIPPING WATER onto the tiled floor. Kris crouches down, inspecting. The water pools, slowly spreading throughout the channels of grout in the tile. She moves to the outer edge of the spread where a single STREAM is creeping towards a 4-way split. She’s captivate by it, which says more about her mood than anything. She sets down a HALF-FINISHED GLASS OF WINE on the floor waiting. The water finally meets the junction and does what we expect, following each of the 3 new channels. She studies them. 188 189 Revision 1 76.
133) 0) text: Wearing an EMPLOYEE SHIRT, Jeff helps a couple with taxes INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE - NIGHT Jeff arrives home, drops his bag, walks to the kitchen, sees: Kris waits for him, her hair changed back to DARK BROWN. wears her former OFFICE CLOTHES. He’s surprised, suspicio
133) 2) dialog: You like it? The color?
133) 4) dialog: This is how I dress.
133) 6) dialog: I’m not sick. My mind is healthy. There is no imbalance chemically.
133) 8) dialog: No. I haven’t seen him in five months. (CONTINUED)
133) 11) dialog: Eight months. Eight months and I’ve been fine. No highs and lows. Just...normal.
133) 13) dialog: We did that. We locked ourselves in. We-
133) 15) dialog: It was us.
136) 0) text: Kris speaks to her BOSS.
136) 1) dialog: I just don’t want to be, um, sneaking around or saying I’m at lunch when- Boss No, I think it’s great. It’s good for you.
136) 2) dialog: Yeah? Boss Of course. Who are you interviewing with?
136) 3) dialog: I’m so glad. One does print design and the other, which I think is a better fit, is in post production.
136) 7) dialog: Friend of human progress. You’re welcome. Customer doesn’t know what that means but gets out polite Kris is left embarrassed. What did I just say?
145) 7) dialog: All you have to say is you don’t know. His eyes water. He looks like he may say it. INT. KRIS & JEFF’S HOUSE/ BEDROOM - MORNING Kris wakes, sits up in bed, about to stand, takes a momen The ALARM CLOCK flips to "5:28" and the radio turns on. A ad for a symphony plays accompanied by STRIKING CHORDS:
146) 0) text: The orchestra is WARMING UP. Jeff and Kris sit on the third row. She reads the PROGRAM we see the title "REPETICO", "Composer Wesley Van Kraus", and on a dedication page "For Becky, my life." Jeff, staring ahead, suddenly turns to the audience behin them. Kris senses it too: something is out there. APPLAUSE wakes them and they turn to the stage where Wesl steps out, bowing slightly. He scans the audience, the balcony, his eyes lingering too long. He senses something too. Wesley raises the BATON. A moment of silence. He thrusts it. The music begins softly but we only see... MICROSCOPIC CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL REACTIONS. The TURQUO POWDER effervesces against the surface of an ORGANELLE before disappearing inside. BLOOD FLOWS, carrying the powder. After fading to an echo, the music returns with a CRESCEN Kris feels the effects, looking like an invisible hand is slowly pushing her over. She almost loses consciousness. Jeff is breathing hard, trying to withstand the spell the seem to be under. He braces against the armrests. Kris tries to stand. Jeff helps her. They move to the ais As they walk to the back exit, they notice a MAN in the audience on the right get up, moving to the aisle. A WOMAN stands on their left. Then an OLDER COUPLE, all joining them in exiting. 207 208 Revision 1 88.
147) 0) text: Kris, Jeff, and 9 OTHER ABDUCTEES are assembled in a grou They look to each other, searching faces while the music plays on, muffled through DOUBLE DOORS. Kris notices that one of the men, GRAHAM, lingers near th door. He presses his head to it, listening. A young woman DOROTHY, follows too, leaning against the other door. One one they move into the doorway huddled together in a tran Kris joins them, letting go of Jeff’s hand. He resists, covering his ears. He backs away, headed outside. APPLAUSE ERUPTS. The symphony is over. Doors open. The audience files out.
149) 0) text: Kris is still with the abductees. She steps to Jeff as he approaches. He’s stunned, almost smiling:
150) 0) text: THREE CARS idle at the fork, parallel to each other. Inside all 11 abductees silently write on index cards. The cards are passed from car to car to car. Kris tallies
150) 1) dialog: Seven lefts. Four rights. The cars drive off down the leftmost road.
151) 5) dialog: What are you people doing!? They stare back, dumbfounded. Kris holds up index cards:
151) 6) dialog: What’s wrong with you?! Why are you wrecking it? Why are you always the same? Every single vote you guys agree. Even when you’re wrong you agree! They have no answer. Kris turns to Clyde:
151) 7) dialog: Show me your ankle. Right now.
151) 11) dialog: You. Come on. Show me. Nora doesn’t move, obstinate. She looks to Clyde for help
151) 12) dialog: You’re not one of us. Are you? Nora refuses to answer.
152) 3) dialog: Wait. Graham puts the gun to the roof of his mouth. 216 217 218 219 220 Revision 1 93.
155) 0) text: They crowd around the desk studying Wesley’s notes, sketches, the CLIPBOARD of abductees’ names. Kris scrolls to the top of the list to the only one witho a last name...
155) 1) dialog: Becky.
156) 0) text: The abductees spread out into the pen. Kris walks alone, slowly but directly, to K. She crouches JEFF approaches holding the clipboard. He compares K’s ta
156) 2) dialog: I know. Beyond them, the others are finding their matching pigs. 221 222 223 Revision 1 94.
165) 0) text: Kris sits against the fence, content. She holds a newborn PIGLET, lifting it to her face like she’s playing with a baby. All around her K’s other PIGLETS clumsily explore.