1) 0) text: EVAN (30) carries the bags from his car to the bin. One goes in easy. The other TEARS so he has to scoop up t tangled paper chain by hand. It clumps like intestines. LUCAS and PETER, both 12, bike down the alley. Lucas head toward Evan who’s getting back in the car. Peter hesitate
1) 2) dialog: When can we come over? You know. Come ove-
2) 2) dialog: Close ’em. Close ya eyes. Just trust. Monty does. Lucas stands at his side and prepares. Lucas slowly raises his right hand, swirls his index fing Monty’s right hand MIMICS the motion in perfect unison. Lucas gets more creative, making hand gestures, using bot arms. Monty, eyes closed, instantly matches move for move He’s a PUPPET. Lucas gestures to the others: LUCAS (cont’d) Go ahead. Throw it up. Throw it. Someone throws a BALL at Monty who smacks it down, controlled by Lucas. Then a STICK, EMPTY CAN, etc. (CONTINUED)
2) 3) text: CONTINUED: Revision 1 3. Lucas stands facing Monty so that their every move is a mirror opposite (not mirrored, get it?). They poke each other’s shoulders, play-smack each other’s face, like an extremely complex game of patty cake. Lucas stops when he sees Peter. LUCAS (cont’d) Wait, wait. Peter. Peter! Come here! Peter’s left-handed. He’s a lefty. INT. EVAN’S HOUSE/ BACK ROOM - NEXT - NIGHT Evan sits back, allowing Lucas to run the process at the desk and show off for Peter. He grabs a live inchworm fro the DOZEN in the happy jar and references the 100 dead on in the frown jar:
2) 4) dialog: See how many you gotta go through to get a good one? He puts it on a COCKTAIL STRAINER and pours PEPSI over th worm, letting it collect in a shot glass for Peter. Lucas moves the worm and strainer to his own mug while... LUCAS (cont’d) Pete’s a bit of a germaphobe so let me get mine going and I’1l show there’s nothing- Peter’s not going to be pushed so he just downs it fast. Lucas looks up, surprised. He doesn’t see the worm fall THROUGH the strainer into his mug. Behind them, Gill does
2) 6) dialog: Yeah, I got it. I know. See, I know. Nobody wants that. Come here little guy.
2) 8) dialog: No, I know. Throw this batch out. That’s that. I know. See. Start over. Revision 1 4. He pours out the mug, wipes it with a napkin. EXT. EVAN’S HOUSE/ BACK PORCH - NEXT - NIGHT Lucas faces Peter. The others watch. Peter’s nervous.
2) 9) dialog: Ready?
2) 11) dialog: I’m not. You are.
2) 13) dialog: I’m not you are. You’re doing it. You are.
3) 0) text: Lucas applauds NOELA (11) as she does cartwheels in the grass.
3) 2) text: CONTINUED: Revision 1 5. But when she places the first hand down she suddenly wake up to the danger, wobbles, steadies herself. She steps back... ...and comes right after Lucas, violently SLAPPING at him