3) 0) text: Silhouetted in sadows, three Nockmaar MINIONS stand guard.  In a jail cell, sex fully pregnant WOMEN watch from behind iron bars.  The screaming stops.  There's a moment of silence.  As WE MOVE INTO another jail cell WE HEAR a slap and the first cry of a newborn BABY. In the cell a black-robed DRUID watches intensely as ETHNA, a midwife, leans over the MOTHER and wraps the baby in swaddling.
3) 1) dialog: Is it a girl?
3) 3) dialog: Show me its arm. Ethna peels back the swaddling.  On the baby's arm is a small marking.
3) 4) dialog: It's true then.  I must tell Queen Bavmorda. With great urgency the druid hurries up the dungeon stairs.  Ethna gently places the baby on the mother's breast.  The mother comforst the baby lovingly until it stops crying.  Then she reaches out and clasps the midwife's wrist.
3) 11) dialog: It bears the markings.
3) 20) text: Kill her. Bavmorda storms away with the druid.  WE SEE the shadow of the guard move over the terrified mother.  War drums begin to beat out an alarm.
21) 0) text: The silhouette of a distant hill with druid stones on top. Carrying the baby, Willow climbs the hill with his fami- ly.  He wears a papoose rig, supply pack, and a dagger. He hands the baby to Kiaya, then walks through the towering stones.  The High Aldwin solemnly looks out at the distant forest. HIGH ALDWIN
44) 20) text: The way has been lost in time. But there is one person, a druid sor- ceress, who might guide you there. She was exiled by Queen Bavmorda many years ago.  Her name is Fin Raziel. WILLOW
110) 1) text: Kael! Carved in the floor is a MAGICIAN's CIRCLE, and in the very middle of this is a sacrificial altar made of shining copper.  Bavmorda stands over the altar, wear- ing black robes.  Behind her stand two decrepit DRUIDS. Kael bows. KAEL
110) 7) text: She has turned against you. Bavmorda opens her eyes furiously.  to her druids: BAVMORDA
110) 8) text: Purify the altar!  Arrange the im- plements!  I'll deal with Sorsha! The druids take the baby from Kael.  Bavmorda storms out the door.
113) 5) text: You made your decision! Bavmorda points at Sorsha, and Sorsha, too, begins to change.  The mountainside becomes a sea of writhing flesh.  Every one of the Tir Asleen army is transformed into a pig. INT. QUEEN'S TOWER - DUSK Bavmorda throws open the door.  Her druids are binding the baby in a leather thong. BAVMORDA
113) 6) text: Begin the ritual.  Now!  Light the first candle. A druid lights on of THIRTEEN ENORMOUS CANDLES.  Bav- morda glares up at the roof.  In the middle of it is a large circular hole showing the starlit sky. BAVMORDA
113) 7) text: Come, thunder.  Come lightning. Touch this altar with your pwer. Come into my tower... Lightning flashes faintly and thunder rumbles in the distance.  Bavmorda smiles with satisfaction. A druid places teh baby on the altar.  The other druid hits a loud gong, once.  Bavmorda enters the Magician's Circle.  Her face contorts as she recites: BAVMORDA
118) 0) text: A druid hits the ceremonial gong, twice.  The baby shrieks.  Standing over her, Bavmorda crushes a piece of glass with her bare hands and drops the fragments into a Witch's Bottle. BAVMORDA
121) 0) text: Thunder rumbles.  Bavmorda looks up.  Her face is gra- dually becoming more grotesque as the ritual proceeds. A druid hits the gong three times.  Now three candles are lit.  The baby screams on the altar. With a demonic laugh, Bavmorda digs her hands into a deep vat of blood then raises them over her head.  The blood runs down her arms into the folds of her black cloak.
124) 0) text: The druids cower behind Bavmorda, whose face has taken on the hideous features of a hellish beast.  The baby has been streaked with ritual paint. BAVMORDA
128) 1) text: Sorsha!! Sorsha recoils in horror.  Bavmorda looks barely human: she has transformed into a grotesque witch.  She waves her gnarled hand and her druids attack Sorsha.  Sorsha kills them.  The baby lies under a deathlike spell on the copper altar. SORSHA
136) 0) text: Flags fly hihg above the wondrous caslte.  The valley is lush with flowers, and the kingdom is once abain alive with happy activity. At the door of the castle, Willow stnds beside a cute little white pony.  The court of Tir Asleen has gath- ered to see him off.  Madmartigan, in robes and armor worthy of a king, stands proudly beside his queen, Sor- sha, who holds the baby princess, Elora Danan. A trumpet blares.  Raziel comes forward from inside the castle, dressed in druid robes, carrying a sacred BOOK. RAZIEL