3) 0) text: Silhouetted in sadows, three Nockmaar MINIONS stand guard.  In a jail cell, sex fully pregnant WOMEN watch from behind iron bars.  The screaming stops.  There's a moment of silence.  As WE MOVE INTO another jail cell WE HEAR a slap and the first cry of a newborn BABY. In the cell a black-robed DRUID watches intensely as ETHNA, a midwife, leans over the MOTHER and wraps the baby in swaddling.
3) 5) dialog: Ethna, please.  Help me.  They're going to kill my baby. Ethna nervously looks out at the guards, then shakes her head at the mother.
3) 7) dialog: Please save my baby. Ethna hesitates.  Then decides.  She quickly wraps to- gether some rags and gives them to the mother.
3) 9) dialog: Thank you, Ethna.  Thank you. The mother kisses her baby and hands it to Ethna, who hides the baby inside the basket of rags.  Ethna car- ries the basket past the guards and up the stairs. The mother lies back and sighs with relief.  Then she hears clinking bootsteps and her eyes widen with fear. QUEEN BAVMORDA sweeps down the dungeon stairs, her black robes flowing behind her.  The druid hurries alongside.
3) 14) dialog: Yes.  But nothing you can do will stop the prophecy.
3) 19) text: Find that baby!  Use the dogs! Sorsha! Two guards draw swords and charge upstairs.  Bavmorda grabs the third guard and nods toward the mother. BAVMORDA
3) 20) text: Kill her. Bavmorda storms away with the druid.  WE SEE the shadow of the guard move over the terrified mother.  War drums begin to beat out an alarm.
17) 20) text: Baby!  It means baby!  It was look- ing for somebody's baby! Mothers grab their children, people look around the wrecked village in terror.  There's a haunting silence. MIMS
47) 0) text: The place is packed with tattooed PICTS, nomadic FAMI- LIES, MOTHERS wit BABIES, THIEVES and CUTTHROATS. Willow enters with the crying baby. WILLOW
49) 0) text: Madmartigan is slammed against a wall.  The Willow. Then Llug and his wife.  In the b.g. Nockmaar troops are rousting the tavern, taking babies away from frightened mothers and inspecting them. Heavy bootsteps thud toward them.  Willow looks out and recognizes Sorsha, the black-helmeted knight from the bridge. SORSHA
49) 1) text: You!  Are you the mother of that child? MADMARTIGAN
58) 3) text: Raziel.  Did you think my mother would allow you to escape? Sorsha gestures, and the soldier takes Raziel away. The lieutenant wrestles the baby away from Willow.  He gives her to Sorsha. SORSHA
61) 14) text: I tried everything.  A spoon.  I poured milk into her mouth, she just spat it out.  I don't know what to do, I'm not a mother. During this, Willow ignites his powdery substance.  It flares slightly then burns to an ash.  He gathers it up, then returns to Sorsha with the milk. WILLOW
63) 15) text: He was a great king. (Madmartigan reacts) Not like your step-father, not like your mother.  He ruled Tir Asleen with kindness, and a generous heart. SORSHA
63) 16) text: My mother calls that weakness. MADMARTIGAN
111) 1) text: This is not an army! Sorsha looks up, and her mother seems to laugh right at her.  Madmartigan steps forward.  Seeing him in the ar- mor of the King, Bavmorda stops laughing, taken aback. RAZIEL
113) 4) text: Mother!  No!! BAVMORDA
127) 1) text: I will face my mother alone. Willow and Raziel stay back on the stairs.  Sorsha climbs to the door.  Courageously, she opens it.
137) 2) text: Kiaya!! He jumps off his pony and runs to her.  They collide, kiss and embrace.  Then Ranon and Mims jump on their father and hug him.  Family and friends smother their homecoming hero with love! *THE END*