0) 0) text: Gold light dappling across a valley that seems to reach o We ease back, revealing more - taking in the visual feast discovering a seated figure facing out over the valley - his feet.  VIRGIL ANDERSON, life ahead of him - someone seemingly at himself. As we watch. him a moment - SOUNDS become promin whistle of the wind through the grass - a bird's wings as flight - a tree branch creaking under its own weight. And there, listening, we see the last rays of sunlight slip f day.  BLACK - and our TITLES come up.  Then out of the darkness come a pair of HEADLIGHTS. - and
6) 0) text: Virgil has his back to us as he prepares the table. The r ordered - every vial, bottle, towel has its exact spot. 
6) 1) dialog: Hey, Amy, I'm Virgil - why don't you  get ready - hop up on the table. Amy sees Virgil - his head turned slightly away - she dro sweats and lies on the table, face down - pulling the she herself. 
6) 3) dialog: (laughs) That's right.. Mozart, Einstein, Virgil Anderson, massage Now I'm going to start working somewhat deep - you let me know if you want anything deeper.
6) 5) dialog: I like that - deep it is. CLICK - he hits a button on a CD player and as we hear th aria "Mira, 0 Norma" from Bellini's Norma. 
6) 6) dialog: First time in Pinecrest?
6) 8) dialog: If you came in broad daylight,  you could still miss the town completely. Dissolve to:  Slow moving cuts of Virgil, working long strokes over Amy his hands gracefully LENGTHENING and STRETCHING her muscl
6) 9) dialog: Too much compute? work.
6) 11) dialog: Bad chair - you should think about a change.
6) 13) dialog: Too deep?
6) 15) dialog: I - I'm sorry - it was too deep... She cries for another few beats - then takes a breath.  AMY No - it.. it's not you..  It's just things have kinda built up,  I don't know why I'm crying.. look,  this is embarrassing... VIRGIL Don't be embarrassed -  you obviously needed it.  We should stop for today. AMY Yeah, thanks.  You always make the girls cry.
6) 16) dialog: Not since grade school.  I'm going to go now - unless you'd like me to stay.
6) 18) dialog: Of course, whatever you need. Virgil sits next to her - then reaches out - takes her ha starts a slow comforting massage - we see Amy visibly rel
6) 20) dialog: Every day. Amy, closes her eyes - smiling slightly in thanks. 
8) 1) dialog: (calling out) Hey Caroline, you look incredible today.
8) 3) dialog: See ya. Amy looks down the hall - sees a glimpse of Virgil roundi corner. She chases after hi~n into the reception area whe him exiting the door and moving of f down the driveway. 
9) 0) text: Virgil in the distance, moving his way towards the main s exiting the building - trying not to slip on the ice as s after him - trying to get close enough to call out.  Virgil stops at a main roadway as Amy comes up behind him
9) 2) dialog: Yes.
9) 4) dialog: Of course - you were sleeping,  didn't want to wake you.
9) 6) dialog: Yeah, something. You a hockey fan?
9) 8) dialog: (playing with her)  They look perfectly OK with me. Amy laughs, starts relaxing - unconsciously starts to fli cocked, shifts her weight on one foot, moving slightly cl
9) 10) dialog: Same here - I never get used to it. Just then a YELLOW SCHOOL BUS pulls up in front of him an the doors pop open revealing CARL KIPLING, black, a hundr old. Virgil turns as a few kids pile off the bus.. 
9) 11) dialog: Well, this is my ride.  Hey Tommy, my man. And with his hand extended a kid high fives it. Amy looks full of young school kids. Seems odd. 
9) 14) dialog: And now...
9) 16) dialog: For making you cry.
9) 18) dialog: (laughs) No. Why?
9) 21) dialog: As I said earlier - I just never get used to the view. Virgil starts towards the bus, reaching behind to his pac something out. 
9) 22) dialog: See you tomorrow. And CLICK, CLICK, CLICK - a WHITE CANE unfolds in his han taps his way to the bus. 
9) 24) dialog: What?
9) 26) dialog: (smile) Hey, you already apologized once  - no need to overdo it. Bye now. Amy doesn't know how to respond. And he moves into the fr the bus - amongst "Hey Virgil's" from the school kids and the doors close - the Yellow Bus steaming off - past Amy, stares at Virgil in the front seat - about to wave to him realizing he wouldn't see.  As she turns and watches the bus move off down the street comes out - Virgil's - and waves good-bye. 
9) 27) dialog: The BUS stopping in front of Virgil's home - a side-by-si at the edge of surrounding woods.  Virgil steps into the street and with a HONK the bus pull turns, grazes his hand across a tree out front - and star his home.  AT THE PORCH - he hesitates at the first door. Finds it w hand - then raps on it.  No answer. He moves over to his own door - and goes insid
10) 1) dialog: Get of f the couch, Sophie. As the dog slides guiltily off the couch. 
10) 2) dialog: Some seeing eye dog -  more like sleeping eye dog. Virgil bends down as he passes the coffee table to pick u REMOTE CONTROL placed just so. Click - a Game Show pops o
10) 3) dialog: Met a girl today - nice voice - followed me out of the building. Sophie barks. 
10) 4) dialog: No she wasn't a stalker. CLOSE ON Virgil's hand flipping open a large book marked SCHEDULE" - it's completely WHITE - all in BRAILLE. 
10) 6) dialog: Hey, you're here - so how  are the kids today? Running his hand down the pure white page - he finds what BAP - he hits the channel changer and the game comes on. 
10) 8) dialog: From the spa. I made her cry.
10) 10) dialog: -- grade school.
10) 11) dialog: (smile) That's what I told her. Coke? Virgil moves past Jennie as she goes into the living room door open and he's got a glass. Back to the fridge, he gr
10) 13) dialog: 6 o'clock, peas at 9 o'clock  and news at 11. Jennie places Virgil's dinner down in an exact spot on a table (facing away from the TV). 
10) 15) dialog: And one day I'll play forward  for the New York Rangers. Four precise steps into the room and Virgil plops down on finds his fork. Jennie moves to a counter where a pile of books sit. 
10) 17) dialog: Or a new sister. 
10) 19) dialog: You want to watch some hockey?
10) 21) dialog: You know this girl - for one moment - she actually thought I could (Sophie grumbles as she settles in)  I'm not kidding.  (beat) And she had this great voice - relaxing -  soft like a breeze through (beat) Wonder what she thinks about "blind dates." 
11) 6) dialog: My turn to apologize. I should have told  you I was blind it wasn't fair.
11) 8) dialog: (as he moves in) Sure, I promise I won't look. As Amy starts to get changed in the bathroom. 
11) 9) dialog: Anyways, I was in the neighborhood --  actually the whole town's my neighborhood  -- and since you've never been to our illustrious village, I thought maybe we could  go into town - see what we see.
11) 11) dialog: Figure of speech
11) 14) dialog: Great - I'm blind and you're deaf - what a pair.
12) 0) text: A few store windows lit up. Some people eating dinner at streetside cafe. Virgil, holding Amy's arm as they walk d street. 
12) 1) dialog: 
12) 2) dialog: ... the Mechanic at the top of the street is Doug - smoke much - but a good guy. Three steps down is Carlson's hard - he's got a laugh like a donkey - we sometimes listen to together - he's a Devil's fan. And just up ahead should b junk shop - he calls it "antiques"... Smells like junk. I'd hate to see what it looks like
12) 4) dialog: (intuitively) Hey Nancy.
12) 6) dialog: Nancy's our librarian, brings in  any braille book I want.
12) 8) dialog: Thank-you Nancy - you should get your groceries home - your ice cream's melting. Nancy laughs - as she moves off. 
12) 10) dialog: Moved here when I was eight.  My family figured it would be a  good place for me to grow up.  Tell me what you see.
12) 12) dialog: What's you?
12) 14) dialog: (laughs) I know the Venus De Milo has no arms, and  the Mona Lisa has this captivating smile and David doesn't wear a fig leaf.
12) 16) dialog: I may not have been a lot of places - but I read about things, then make an image up here -- (points to his head) --that works for me. Grazing his hand across a telephone pole - Virgil stops - Amy. 
12) 17) dialog: This is the end of the street.  We should turn back.
12) 19) dialog: (shrugs) Nothing.
12) 21) dialog: Must be the old firehouse.  It had a fire so they shut it down. (Amy laughs) Honest to God. (intrigued) What else do you see?
12) 23) dialog: Tell me how you see it.
12) 26) dialog: It's just - the image you just  gave me - "Dancing trees. - I like that. Virgil stops - his head cocks slightly. 
12) 27) dialog: We should go - it's starting to rain.
13) 3) dialog: You like rain - I love the rain.
13) 5) dialog: Listening - the rain - it brings out the  contours of everything, gives life to  a room I can't see. WE SEE SLOW MOVING CUTS of the building as Virgil describ hears. 
13) 6) dialog: You hear it?...on the roof dripping down the  walls on every side. On the right, on the  drainpipe, it's drumming with a deeper,  steadier sound - - like a timpani - echoing  across the room - tells me the room is large  - open. You feel it - in your chest? On the left,  the rain says... (he listens) ...a fire escape, with it's own rhythm  - ping - ping. Then listen - there... (he points) --what's that - over there...?
13) 8) dialog: No, listen for it - not what it  looks like - what it becomes.  Come here. Amy moves closer - Virgil puts his hands out on her shoul turns her to the sound. 
13) 9) dialog: Now just listen to it - shut out everything but that sound -  do you hear it? Amy strains to listen - closes her eyes - her head instin turning - no in unison with Virgil's 
13) 11) dialog: The wind blowing the rain against a window.
13) 13) dialog: The world is invisible to me - with my touch it comes  alive. But only one thing at a time. But when it's rainin I feel everything at once. Sometimes, I wish it could  rain inside rain all around us.
13) 15) dialog: What?
13) 17) dialog: You're cold, we should go.
13) 20) dialog: I see it now. Thank-you. We hold a beat - enjoying the symphony of rain - then cut
14) 0) text: The sun warming the cool morning air. The school bus pull reveal Virgil making his way into work. 
14) 1) dialog: I thought after yesterday,  you'd never get up on my table again.
15) 0) text: Amy on the table. Virgil squirting oil in his hand - prep
15) 2) dialog: I love a challenge. And as he places his palms carefully on her back - workin slowly we hear opera play quietly in the background. 
15) 5) dialog: Of course, most people avoid the subject. You tell them  you're blind and they act surprised. "You're blind? Reall I didn't know - you hide it so well." And then they wave hand in front of your face just to make sure. (beat) It started when I was a little over a year old. Virgil's hands move down Amy's sides - slow - feeling eac the oil making her skin glisten. Amy moves her head sligh his touch. She lets out a small breath of air. 
15) 7) dialog: No. Congenital cataracts. And a case of retinitis  pigmentosa thrown in for good measure.  This area needs to loosen up.
15) 9) dialog: I'm blind as a bat. Actually, blinder 'cause they  emit sonar all the time. I don't have a sixth sense, I just don't have the fifth one. I can't hear things in  Vermont, can't smell if you're mad at me, and, no  - I don't know Helen Keller, Ray Charles or Stevie Wonder Amy murmurs in response to Virgil's touch. 
15) 10) dialog: You say something?
15) 13) dialog: Thank-you.
15) 15) dialog: At times. Some clients make it  more enjoyable than others. Virgil now works down her thighs - Amy's back arching sli the movement - both of them heating to the moment. Both t breaths quickening. 
15) 17) dialog: Is very, very... DING - and the spell is broken. 
15) 19) dialog: Sorry - it's time. I've got Mr. Ketchum coming in next -  all two hundred pounds. Sorry - I felt like we  were just getting started. Amy sits up on the table - the sheet pulling away slightl her. For a moment she watches him - his head turned towar but not seeing. Then she slowly pulls the sheet up coveri
15) 21) dialog: How about I cook dinner then, tonight.
18) 0) text: Onions frying. Tilt up to Virgil - cutting the last of it putting it in the pan - sizzling as it hits. Vegetables a pasta are arranged on the countertop. Sophie watches the  proceedings.  RRRRINNNG - the phone.  Virgil stops cutting - his hand easily finds the phone.  INTERCUT WITH …  Amy: on the phone in her car on the Taconic Parkway. 
18) 2) dialog: Oh. Yeah. Anything serious?
18) 4) dialog: Yeah. Good. Well. I'll be here. Virgil hangs up the phone - frustrated, he reaches for th pan - and promptly burns his hand. 
18) 5) dialog: 
18) 7) dialog: Shit - that was stupid.
21) 18) dialog: Amy?!
21) 20) dialog: How long ... how long have you been...?
21) 22) dialog: Skated since I was a kid. My dad taught me  - wanted me to play pro one day.  How do you like my pond?
21) 24) dialog: Describe it for me.
21) 26) dialog: I think so - keep going.
21) 28) dialog: Horizon's a tough one.
21) 30) dialog: Never understood horizon - if touch it -  don't know what it that's OK I liked  the rest of picture.  (he starts moving towards her)  You want to skate?
21) 32) dialog: Don't need them. Come on step hold of my stick.
21) 34) dialog: (smile)  Hockey stick. Here. He holds the stick out like a cross bar. Amy moves cautio forward and takes hold of it. 
21) 35) dialog: OK. Now hold on for balance.  I used to do this with Jennie when we were kids. And Virgil starts skating backwards pulling Amy with him. apprehensive at first then starts to enjoy the movement - sensation - both of them laughing out loud.  WIDE as we see them move about the rink - Amy sliding and pulled by Virgil. As he picks up speed we hear Amy scream delight. 
21) 37) dialog: You OK?
21) 39) dialog: Me, dump you? No way. Stay where you are  - I'll come to you - just keep talking. Amy sits up on her elbows in the embankment. 
21) 41) dialog: (hearing her voice, veering in her direction)  Anything - how'd you become an architect?
21) 43) dialog: You'd think I meant to do that.  A patented move. They're close - in the snow together - face to face. 
21) 45) dialog: What?
21) 47) dialog: It doesn't matter.  Tell me what you look like.
21) 49) dialog: Wait. Let me. He puts his hand out, over her face -- hesitates, then sl down the contours of her cheek, her eyelids, the shape of Amy moving with the touch, the sensuality of it - and as continues - Amy's hand reaches up - touching his face - V smiles. 
21) 50) dialog: Eyes, mouth, chin, cheek..  you are very beautiful.
22) 0) text: It's dark - a pale moonglow highlights the two intertwine bodies. A fire burns in the background. In flowing CUTS w make love:  Virgil - his head tilted down - Amy - puts her hand to hi lifts his head - then kisses each of his closed eyelids i with Virgil's movements.  Amy - now astride Virgil - she closes her eyes - feels it Virgil would - moving faster now - in total rhythm - shud mutual release -- and she collapses on top of him - a dee and she rolls over - cuddles into his arm.  A long beat - out of breath: 
23) 0) text: The horizon. The sun cresting it - bringing a new light t INT. VIRGIL'S HOME - EARLY MORNING Sounds of a shower in background. Amy in Virgil's robe, pulls a juice container fridge - pours herself a glass, putting the juice on the she walks into the living room - taking in the sparseness surroundings.  CLOSE ON - an open Braille Book. The completely white pag minute bumps. Amy pulls up a chair, sits - and flips thro book, running her hand across the pages - trying to under world.  She then turns to the front cover to see what it is. Play We hear the shower stop as Amy smiles, puts the book down the chair aside then moves to a series of pictures on the Virgil as a young boy - his sister Jennie a few years old his mother and father. Then another picture next to it - his skates and Jennie older - no father - Sophie at their And a final picture - Virgil as an adult - he and Jennie front porch - his arms wrapped around his sister like he' going to let go. 
23) 4) dialog: Jen, this is Amy Tremont. Jennie now at the kitchen - stares at the juice container it back in the fridge - just so. 
23) 6) dialog: (smells)  Apples and bananas. Amy sees the fruit on the counter - impressed. 
23) 8) dialog: At two o'clock. Oranges at 10.  I know, thanks.
23) 11) dialog: I'm fine.
23) 14) dialog: It was my fault. I'm OK. Jennie still dabbing at his leg. 
23) 15) dialog: (embarassed, snaps)  Goddamit, Jennie - I said I was OK  - leave me alone! Jennie hesitates, then stands to go - sees the hockey boo place. A glance to Amy and she picks it up - quietly move to it's rightful spot. 
23) 19) dialog: She seemed jealous.
23) 21) dialog: It'll stop - happens all the time.  Welcome to my world. We hold on Amy - taking this in: 
24) 2) dialog: (picking up his fork)  Very good - thank-you.
24) 4) dialog: Every Friday - for the guests leaving. Supposed to make t come back.
24) 6) dialog: You like dancing?
24) 8) dialog: Nothing like a good pat of fat.  What do you say we dance?
24) 10) dialog: Come on She stands and Virgil puts his hands on the back of her s
24) 11) dialog: Lead on. And as she ushers him to the floor the music changes - a lively. Amy stops: 
24) 13) dialog: You kidding - take my hand. And as she does - Virgil starts dancing to the music - fe beat - in perfect rhythm but his moves are his own, somet never seen before - uninhibited, wild - a little funny, b there's something sensual in his abandonment.  All Amy can do is hang on for the ride - enjoying Virgil himself. People even clear back a little to give him some however he moves about the floor easily - somehow sensing other couples are.  It's a whirlwind moment - a moment where the two of them with each other - for a second shutting out the world and them, the music and their movement.  Then suddenly the music is over. And they stop - the mome Virgil turns to Amy and she applauds Virgil's wild moves  He takes a bow with a flourish. Spins to another angle - bow. Spins back again - a step back and:  CRASSSH - he's into the buffet table - sliding to the gro spilling on top of him. Amy, can't help but laugh, rushes
26) 2) dialog: (picking up speed again) The Atlanta project?
26) 4) dialog: (slowing)  Oh. Really.
26) 6) dialog: You called this guy? Virgil stops riding - starts to get off the bike. 
26) 8) dialog: I don't get it - am I missing the sign  that says it's help the handicapped week. Virgil starts to move away. Amy stops him. 
26) 10) dialog: No problem. That's the whole point  here Amy - there is no goddamned problem. And Virgil turns and bumps into a stationary bike, he SHO to the side, and makes his way out of the gym. 
27) 0) text: Virgil enters, visibly upset - passing a CO-WORKER coming shower. 
29) 1) dialog: No, no - why - why?! She hurries up the steps, reaching the open door where sh Virgil, his head in his hands. 
29) 2) dialog: I can't believe you're doing this to me.
29) 4) dialog: Sophie - stop it. Amy? C'mon in - it's just  the Rangers. I could check better than these  guys today.
29) 6) dialog: I prefer to think of it as not winning. I thought you would have been long gone after that outburst from my evil twin brother. We've had him committed you know. Rikers Island - hard time.  (standing) Can I get you something - - Coke - beer?
29) 8) dialog: Amy, you see the big tree outside?  How far is it from my front porch?
29) 10) dialog: To you. But to me, it's fourteen steps exactly.  Fourteen steps and I arrive right where I want  to be. But -- if I run or rush, I'll lose count  and slam into it.
29) 12) dialog: Rushing into trees again? Off Amy's smile we CUT TO: 
30) 2) dialog: Ordinary?  (she laughs)  It's an acquired taste - trust me.  Jennie thinks it's the only way I'll  know where my food is. But I have a  secret weapon. (holds up a little bottle)  Hot sauce! Let's you know you're eating  something - like some. He starts to sprinkle liberally on Amy's food. Amy, laugh the bottle. 
30) 5) dialog: Wait, wait - you smell that?
30) 7) dialog: The winter pines - it's so strong at  night - drifts on the wind - wait -  hear the breeze then...
31) 0) text: CLOSE ON VIRGIL - eyes closed - we hear a sound - like ni crickets. His eyes slowly open.  He rolls over - his arm reaching out for her:  But there's no one there. Virgil sits upright. 
31) 1) dialog: Amy? Amy is sitting in a chair by the window. 
31) 3) dialog: C'mere. And she crawls back into bed, Virgil takes hold of her an settles into his arm, he strokes her face gently - a blin version of watching his lover fall to sleep.  BLACK - then we hear voices 
32) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Amy's face - the voices awaken her - cutting in dreams.  She looks out the doorway - sees Virgil and Jenny arguing front porch. She can't hear what they are saying - but it there's a problem. 
33) 0) text: Amy pulling a robe around herself - comes into the room - turns on her heel and walks away from Virgil. 
34) 0) text: Virgil stands there a moment - taking in what just happen steps out onto the porch. 
34) 2) dialog: Yeah, yeah. Morning - Look,  something I want to say...
34) 4) dialog: The other night - when we were dancing -  being with you - I felt different - special - I don't know - whole.
34) 6) dialog: (smile)  Just for a second I felt like I could see  you - all of you.  (beat)  What you said about this Doctor, this eye guy -  I know how important it is to you...
34) 8) dialog: We're just going to talk to the guy  - what could it hurt? Off Amy's smile: 
36) 0) text: Virgil in the passenger seat - windows open - taking in a sounds - new and exciting. Amy watches him as she drives.
36) 1) dialog: (laughing)  Waitwaitwait - he hasn't said he  can even do anything yet.
36) 3) dialog: Yeah, I do. I was just a baby when it  happened - but there is one thing.  (beat)  Something ... puffy. That's all I  remember about it. Everyone says it's  "clouds," but I know I had it in my hands  - so it couldn't be clouds. This puffy  thing - that was something special -  it's stayed with me all these years -  I don't know why.
37) 0) text: DR. RICHARD AARON, wire rims, short, stylish haircut - is a high-tech examination of Virgil's eyes. Cups attached t over his eyes. The machine, an ELECTRORETINOGRAM, emits a irritating strange flat line sound. The room is very diml Aaron adjusts an intensity dial on the machine - a series flashing lights hit Virgil's eyes. The doctor jots down a then with a flourish, spins the machine away from Virgil' pops a button emitting a detailed computer print out.  In the corner sits an older gentleman - Dr. Goldman - foc papers in his hands. 
37) 3) dialog: And this is the good news?
37) 7) dialog: Sounds expensive.
37) 9) dialog: So. Say you remove the cataracts -  do you have any idea what kind of vision I'd have? Aaron looks to Goldman. 
37) 11) dialog: So you're suggesting an operation  that may or may not be successful.
37) 14) dialog: What if it doesn't work? What if I have  the operation - with all it's risks -  and you remove the cataract - and it doesn't work. Aaron looks to Amy. 
37) 17) dialog: That's what I need - to think.
38) 0) text: Virgil and Amy stepping out of a cab. Virgil using his ca blinder than we've seen him before. The city sounds an as him. 
39) 6) dialog: Hey, Ethan
39) 8) dialog: Yeah.
39) 11) dialog: Hey, the kid thinks I'm cool  - what's so bad.
40) 2) dialog: Now, Blind 101. Help me out with a mental map.  Walk me down a straight line and show me your  place, all the obstacles. Remember once you've  told me, they can't be moved - otherwise...
40) 4) dialog: What's this?
40) 6) dialog: It's yours?
40) 8) dialog: It's a mother? - holding her child - up in the air  - like she's proud? It's beautiful.
40) 10) dialog: Does this window open?  I could use some air.
40) 13) dialog: What happened?
40) 15) dialog: What is this - these plans? Amy looks at Virgil - - his hand running across one of he
40) 18) dialog: How about a movie?
40) 20) dialog: Yeah. I haven't been in years.
41) 0) text: WIDE - the theater half full playing Woody Allen's "Annie very funny scene where Woody and Diane Keaton wrestle wit lobster.  We move in slowly and discover Virgil and Amy leaning in each other - Amy quietly describing the scene to him. 
41) 2) dialog: Lobster - what's a lobster?
43) 0) text: A collection of typical night riders - everyone keeping t themselves. Two kids sit in the corner - blasting their b Virgil stands in the middle of the train - enjoying the v Amy sits on a seat watching him. 
43) 1) dialog: And they lived happily ever after.
43) 3) dialog: And the lobster?
43) 5) dialog: Hey - you here that? All she hears is the clatter of the subway. 
43) 7) dialog: Hey - can you turn that up? The KID shrugs - CRAKKS it up. It's Gershwin's "Can't tak from Me." Virgil turns to Amy - picks up on the song - ha - he starts singing: 
43) 8) dialog: "The way you comb your hair,  The way you sip your tea..." He finds Amy, pulls her up and into an embrace as he saun down the aisle. 
43) 10) dialog: (loudly)  "Can't take that away from meee" - what?
43) 12) dialog: Watching? Watching what?
43) 14) dialog: And?
43) 16) dialog: (kidding)  Oh - I see.
43) 19) dialog: Amy. I want the chance to see.  The chance to see Central Park,  the Brooklyn Bridge, apples, raisins, a buffalo, a carbuerator and the man  in the moon.  (beat)  But I would give all that up -  just to see this face. And Amy folds herself into Virgil - a moment - they hold - then - Amy starts to sing along with the song - Virgil - and they dance - together - in love. 
44) 1) dialog: "You can't take that away from me." And the car explodes past again - and as the music dies w
45) 0) text: CLOSE ON: a platter of silver utensils - fine, exacting s gloved HAND comes into frame - picks up a clamp - and we to:  VIRGIL'S EYES - the clamp being used to hold it open. The are seeing is grueling - difficult to watch - but at the so fascinating it is hard to take our eyes off.  Dr. Aaron followed by Dr. Goldman - hands in the air - ma leans over Virgil - looks to the ANESTHESIOLOGIST who nod no one in particular. 
47) 0) text: Dr. Aaron: - focused on his exacting work. His hands move CLOSE ON: Virgil's eye. Cut open. Aaron's probe working r middle of it. 
48) 0) text: Virgil being wheeled down a hall - head wrapped in bandag
49) 1) dialog: Hello? Jennie's there - takes his hand. 
49) 2) dialog: Jennie?
49) 4) dialog: OK - a little pain,  like a tequila hang over - is Amy here?
49) 6) dialog: So how's my hair - I'd hate the first time  I see myself to be a bad hair day.  (Virgil reacts to a sound)  What's that?
49) 8) dialog: Camera guys?
49) 10) dialog: Good. Great. Fine.  (a laugh)  Nervous. Aaron moves about the room closing blinds to let in just of light. 
49) 12) dialog: Let's go. Both Amy and Jennie subconsciously adjust their hair as A to unravel the bandages.  When the bandages are completely off - all that is left a gauze patches on both eyes. 
49) 14) dialog: (suddenly apprehensive, hand up)  Okay - wait. So - so - what do I do?  I mean, what will I see first?
49) 18) dialog: It's - it's - I don't know. And now for the first time we see Virgil's POV:  There is light, movement, color, shadow - but somehow it to us. There is no perception of depth -. no sense of def shape or shadow - it is as confounding to us as it is to like an explosion of Picasso, Dali and Monet on screen.  Suddenly in the midst of this chaos of images - there is and a voice emits out of what we now for the first time r a mouth. Dr. Aaron speaks again - leaning in to Virgil, w back. 
49) 20) dialog: Something's wrong. Jennie's reaction comes pouring out of her eyes in tears, slowly, then a dam break. 
49) 25) dialog: (over everyone)  I don't know - it's all screwed up -  this can't be seeing - something's wrong - too confusing - what the hell's happening HIS POV - the camera crew coming toward him for a closer like a giant monster violently moving towards us! 
49) 26) dialog: What is it - Stop! Virgil's hand lashes out towards the camera crew - even t are 15 feet away. 
49) 32) dialog: I gotta focus - gotta think -  gimme a second - OK, OK - get me a  coke. Somebody?
49) 34) dialog: No - just a can - a bottle --  put something in my hands! Amy reaches over - grabs an empty coke can. 
49) 37) dialog: A can. Is it a can?
51) 0) text: Virgil - starting to dress. He stares at his clothes on a not comprehending what it is. He closes his eyes - his ha out to feel it - then opening his eyes - he takes the shi and notices someone watching him. 
51) 1) dialog: Hello? HIS POV - it's his own reflection in a mirror next to his Virgil stares at himself standing stock still - waiting f response from the person staring at him. 
51) 2) dialog: Is there...? Slowly realizing that what he sees is himself. He starts towards the mirror fascinated.  Virgil's POV - Focusing on the image as it slowly takes s becomes clearer to him. His hand going up to his nose - m back and forth - laughs at it's absurdity - then is taken own smile. He tries a smile - comes off awkward as he sta stare at his teeth. Touching each part of his face he inv his chin, ears and finally his hair.  Then he stops - and just stares - and stares at a face th own - but so incredibly foreign to him. Who is this perso
52) 0) text: Jenny starting to pack up Virgil's things. Suddenly there of laughter from the other room. She looks up quizzically
54) 0) text: Jenny - finishing packing up Virgil's things. 
54) 1) dialog: Amy? Jenny looks up - Virgil standing in the doorway, dressed.
54) 4) dialog: This is you.
56) 2) dialog: No, no - I can't go home.  I need to be here - see the therapist - doctor's. I want to be here.
56) 5) dialog: I'm not blind anymore - and I'm not  going to let someone I care about  walk out of my life again.
56) 7) dialog: (beat)  I'm staying here. A pause - and Jennie moves her hand out to him - touches
58) 6) dialog: This is just great - I don't believe this.  What's that saying - stop the world I wanna get off.
58) 8) dialog: That you Ethan?
58) 13) dialog: You should see how I look from this side. AMY Let's just get you inside -  then you can rest.  We'll see you later Ethan. Karen. And she gives Karen a small glance as she takes Virgil's start towards the stairs leading into the building - Virg slamming to a halt. 
58) 14) dialog: Wait, wait, what are we doing 
58) 15) text: Virgil's POV - the staircase. A flat image - a solid wall horizontal lines. Ethan, surprised, what's up here? 
58) 17) dialog: God, I feel like... like such a child -  I just thought seeing would be different.
59) 0) text: VIRGIL'S POV - multi-colored balloons, dozens of assorted bowls of colorful fruit and streamers intertwined across candyland of seeing. 
59) 1) dialog: Man. Something exploded  in your apartment. Amy laughs - pulls him into the room. Virgil trying to ta in - not understanding anything. 
59) 3) dialog: It's making me a little  bit dizzy - but it is special. Virgil's hands go out - Amy moves to him - he holds her s He stares at her.  As she turns her head slightly, Virgil is able to focus o eyes - her smile. 
59) 4) dialog: Okay - so - this is what  beautiful looks like.
59) 8) dialog: Do you want me to turn off the lights?
59) 12) dialog: Yes, very OK. And she takes a step towards him and folds into his arms kiss we slowly fade to black. 
60) 2) dialog: I can't sleep - I'm afraid if I close my eyes...
60) 4) dialog: You enjoy sculpting?
60) 6) dialog: But you never finish them.
60) 8) dialog: This is what rain looks like?
60) 10) dialog: It looks lonely. Not what I expected.  But I like it. Amy smiles - moves into him as he pulls her in close and out at the night rain. 
62) 0) text: A few KIDS smoking on the steps. Others entering, laden d books - a small sea parting to allow Amy helping Virgil u and inside. 
64) 0) text: A strange space, dark, as all the windows are covered. In the desk - two pickled eyeballs stare back at Virgil and patiently. There are books everywhere - periodicals stack overflowing on shelves. A dead plant in the corner.  RAY WEBSTER - 60's, almost completely bald, wearing a wor sweatshirt, sits at the desk in front of them - flipping file in front of him. 
64) 2) dialog: I call it pretty screwed up.
64) 10) dialog: Wait a minute - up to me?  I thought you were going to help me here. Webster rummages in his desk - pulls out a magazine photo digging in a brown paper bag - he pulls out an apple. 
64) 12) dialog: It's an apple.
64) 14) dialog: It's an apple.
64) 16) dialog: So this is a joke? Is that what you're saying - your eyes lie to you? Great  - looking forward to this.
64) 18) dialog: That's all it is right now - one big trick.  Nothing makes any sense. I can't function like this.
64) 23) dialog: Amy. Let's go.
64) 25) dialog: Let's go.  (standing)  Thank-you Dr. Webster.
65) 0) text: Virgil feels his way down the steps - Amy rushing out aft
65) 2) dialog: He's right, Amy. I've got to do this  on my own. No one taught you how to see. Virgil starts walking stiffly towards the street. Amy hur him - grabs him just as he was about to step into traffic
65) 4) dialog: What's this - this thing? Amy looks over. 
65) 6) dialog: What color is it?
65) 8) dialog: Blue. OK, good - that's a mailbox - it's blue. There - we've started. She says nothing. Virgil senses her apprehension.  AMY Let's just get a cab, get you home  - and tonight we can work on it. (hand out)  Cab! A cab veers across traffic - pulls up to them. 
65) 9) dialog: I want to walk. I want to see what's out there.
65) 11) dialog: Don't you have a job?
65) 13) dialog: Go to work. If I need you -  I have your number. A beat, she looks to Virgil then climbs into the cab and away.  Virgil looks left, right - trying to decide where to star journey when we see the cab back up in front of him and A out. 
67) 0) text: Virgil - determined to see - making his way down a street to dodge people coming at him from all angles. Amy walks distance behind him - coaxing him along.  HIS POV - people seem to explode out of two dimensions in This is clearly exhausting. 
68) 0) text: Amy trying to help Virgil take in the confusion of images explaining to him items hanging about the stalls. It's cl little overwhelmed - when something familiar catches his moves toward it:  HIS POV - focusing - trying to give it shape - it's a YEL just like the one Amy drove off in - again he focuses - r - surprisingly wrapping his hand around the car. 
69) 2) dialog: It's a dog. Amy on her cellphone - trying to get work done - nods - y dog. Virgil looks back at the pup - which has now turned backwards. 
69) 3) dialog: Now what's that? On Amy - disturbed by his slow progress. 
70) 0) text: Amy and Virgil being led through a series of plants and t
72) 0) text: Virgil and Amy exit the hall, are immediately surrounded REPORTERS and PHOTOGRAPHERS. There's a sudden FLASH. Virg pulling away. 
72) 1) dialog: What's that?
72) 3) dialog: What, by flashing me in the face? FLASH - there's another - Amy tries to block the light. 
73) 0) text: TV MONITOR - Virgil turns to camera - starts talking to t reporter. As we pull back we hear less and less as we rev modest living room. A TEENAGER doing homework on a table corner and a MAN - early 60's, rugged - sitting on a couc the news. 
74) 3) dialog: (guessing)  A pen. I don't know - let me touch it. She hands it to him. 
74) 4) dialog: A fork.
74) 6) dialog: Twenty feet
74) 8) dialog: Dammit, Amy, Amy, I spent all day in front  of that panel feeling like a guinea pig.  Every time I open my eyes I have to look.  Can we just sit and have dinner for once? Amy just stares. It's clear they're both tired. 
74) 10) dialog: I know. But that's all it seems we're  about. How was your day - what goes on  at work - how about those Rangers -  did the stock market hold today -  is there anything else going on in our  world besides my eyes?
74) 12) dialog: What's this - looks like worms.
74) 15) dialog: Great - you go to work building buildings  - I go home with building blocks.
76) 0) text: Virgil sits at the kitchen table staring at everyday kitc utensils - being held by Ethan. 
76) 1) dialog: Measuring cup? Ethan shakes his head - no - it's a cheese grater. Virgil again. Ethan mimes grating cheese. 
76) 2) dialog: Cheese grater.
76) 5) dialog: (laughing)  You're no help. How am I supposed  to do my homework if...
76) 8) dialog: You want it. I've been thinking about throwing it out. Ethan's up in a flash. 
76) 10) dialog: But first you'll have to fight  off the evil --- whatever this is. As they joust about - Virgil enjoying himself - there's a the door. 
76) 11) dialog: Could be the super - go for cover. As Ethan ducks behind the couch, Virgil makes his way to fumbling with the handle - he opens it to:  JENNIE. Virgil stares at her. We soon realize he has no i this is. 
76) 12) dialog: Yes? Jenny looks at him, her eyes welling. 
76) 15) dialog: Jennie?! Jennie.. God, I'm sorry  - c'mon in - this is my friend Ethan  - what are you doing here? Off Jennie's look: 
77) 0) text: Virgil and Jennie standing across the street from a build torn down. Hard hatted WORKERS hover about the large truc
77) 1) dialog: You want to tell me  what we're doing here? Jennie points. 
77) 3) dialog: I can't - I can't see him. Jennie looks to him. 
77) 5) dialog: No. I - I don't want to see him.  My eyes aren't good enough - not yet  - he won't understand. It won't be enough. Virgil takes a step back. 
77) 7) dialog: GODDAMIT Jennie - I don't want to  see him - I don't even know why you brought me here. And Virgil takes another step back then turns and starts the street leaving Jenny alone. 
79) 2) dialog: I'm here. I forget about the lights sometimes.
79) 4) dialog: It's your partner's birthday. We should go  - besides you wanted me to meet your friends, right?
80) 0) text: Noisy, crowded - PEOPLE mill about carrying drinks - blac silver balloons float about the ceiling. Moving through t music blasting - Amy introducing people to Virgil over th A WAITER walks up to them holding a tray of wine. 
80) 2) dialog: Which is the red? Amy looks at the waiter - then points to one. Virgil's ha out slowly - hovering - it's clear it's confusing - tryin separate out one glass. The Waiter looks to Amy like "is
80) 4) dialog: (quick)  No! Sorry - I mean - I'm almost  there - I think I got it. And she backs off as his hand wraps around a glass - pull back. At the last second knocking over two other glasses.
80) 5) dialog: Dammit. Sorry. The Waiter - trying not to spill on himself. 
80) 7) dialog: Thanks The Waiter smiles - and as he walks off. Virgil nervously large drink of wine. 
80) 10) dialog: What - what's happening? Amy moves to him in the near dark room. 
80) 12) dialog: Surprise - yeah. And suddenly the lights flood back on, everyone screams: Duncan - at the door with Betsy - genuinely surprised - c breath - then fakes a quick heart attack and drops to the The room explodes in laughter - Amy included. This action more confusing to Virgil. 
80) 13) dialog: Is he OK? Hearing this - everyone breaks into bigger laughter - Vir focus of attention - good naturedly laughs - Amy smiles,  embarrassed. Virgil takes a gulp of his wine, finishing i
80) 16) dialog: Cheers, Kevin.
80) 24) dialog: Heyyy! Yeah. Good to meet you. Virgil thrusts his hand out - colliding it into Duncan's.
80) 25) dialog: Sorry - things still get a  little cockeyed sometimes.
80) 27) dialog: Lemme get Kevin - my man -  he'll top you up. KE-VIN!!!
80) 29) dialog: What? Uncomfortable - everyone stops. 
80) 36) dialog: (laughs)  She did, did she. Virgil holds them up in front of his face - tries to see looks past them and watches Amy and Duncan - more importa at Duncan's hair, his clothes. It's clear he's becoming a appearances. His own especially.  As they break their tete a tete. 
80) 38) dialog: Really. I'm surprised I don't  know him. It's a club you know. Kevin, the African American waiter comes up. 
80) 40) dialog: Kevin - Duncan here the birthday man  - could use himself a drink. Kevin here  tells me he's black - did you know that - I mean look at him - look at me - isn't that the damnedest thing. He's black.  Amy is mortified, Kevin laughs. 
80) 42) dialog: What's that look?
80) 44) dialog: I've never seen your face that way  before. It's.. .weird. What does it mean? Before she can answer - a dance song breaks out - Betsy w arm around Duncan's. 
80) 47) dialog: Opening?
80) 49) dialog: Let's dance. Virgil takes her arm and pulls her out on the floor. Amy one of Virgil's wild dances takes hold of his hand. The m blaring, Virgil starts to get into it - Amy starting to r Virgil slowly notices how everyone else is dancing - more conservative.  He's even getting some looks from people. Slowly he winds tries to mimic what everyone else is doing - ends up in j shuffle.  Amy watches him - sees he's uncomfortable - moves to him Virgil turns on his heel and strides away. Amy follows af
81) 0) text: Virgil stands near the glass doors leading to an outdoor Amy comes up to him - finds Virgil facing a wall - eyes s
81) 2) dialog: I feel like Rip Van Winkle.  I've woken up from a thirty year sleep  - and the world's passed me by.
81) 4) dialog: No-no-no-no. It's not the Goddamn dancing.  I wanted to come here tonight - show you I could "fit" in. Like the big boys do. Big  seeing boys. Yes. Well, I don't. Don't.
81) 6) dialog: No - I - me, shouldn't have come.  You want me to see - but you know what  - you know what - shit - I don't belong  in the wonderful world of seeing.  Amy reaches out to him. 
81) 8) dialog: No, I won't. I'm tired of looking.  Fuck looking and the horse it came in on. And he spins to get away from her and takes a step crashi into the sliding glass door which explodes in a shower of crystals.  The party slams to a halt - Amy stands stunned. Virgil sh cuts on his face. 
81) 10) dialog: Yeah, I'm just fine. Take me home.
82) 0) text: Virgil, small nicks on his face, wakes up - rolls over - empty bed beside him. Looks up to see Amy pulling her coa suitcase at her side. 
82) 2) dialog: You're going.
82) 4) dialog: This isn't working.
82) 6) dialog: I get up every morning - I look in the mirror  - and I stare at a total stranger. I stare and  I stare - and no matter how hard I look - I  don't see Virgil there anywhere. And the more  I look at you...
82) 8) dialog: I saw you better when I was blind.
84) 0) text: Kids milling about. A young couple neck unabashedly again We see this is Virgil's POV - he's watching - people toge
85) 0) text: Virgil makes his way down the hall. Stops at an open door sign next to it with raised letters in Braille. As his ha across it - he also reads the visual letters - Dr. Ray We Peering inside - he sees a Lab - full of the NEWLY BLIND TEENAGERS - a couple of ADULTS - a handful of SEEING IMPA learning to use a cane. The rapid tapping of their cane l full of typewriters.  Virgil watches - the Blind working their way around a sma course - many of them running into desks, tables - it's t frustrating work.  Suddenly Virgil feels someone next to him. Webster. 
85) 2) dialog: No - no - I'll wait for you  out here - when you're done. As Virgil moves off to a hallway bench: 
87) 0) text: Webster is cleaning up after class. Virgil watching some Teenage kids and Adults find their way out of the room. A of them leaves. 
88) 1) dialog: (eyeing the girl)  You want to know the truth -- God's honest truth?  Seeing's been the shits.
88) 3) dialog: I'm serious. I was better off blind.  People don't have these expectations of you  you can't live up to. You're blind -  fine - they deal with it.
88) 5) dialog: When I was blind - I had an image of  what everything was, up here... (points to his head) now - it's all different - not at all  what I'd expected - not what I'd hoped for.
88) 7) dialog: What I want is to make it work with Amy.
88) 9) dialog: She just wants me to see.
88) 11) dialog: You know what I learned a long  time ago. Seeing girls like seeing guys.  (beat)  I'm not going to let her down.
93) 0) text: Amy opens the door and sees Virgil leaning against the pa staring out at the night Manhattan skyline. After a momen back to the other end of the roof, turns and slowly walk the parapet wall again - all the time staring at the skyl a smile and look of amazement on his face. 
93) 2) dialog: Hey. Amy starts toward Virgil. 
93) 4) dialog: It's the craziest thing. You start back over  there - focus on a building. And when you walk  towards it - it changes - each step makes it  look different. I started out just looking  for the horizon.
93) 6) dialog: But it's still there - even though you can't  see it - right? You gotta have faith it's there.  Things exist beyond what I can see -  I just have to take it on faith. She comes up next to him - Virgil, looking out over the w to her - studies her face: 
93) 7) dialog: You have so many looks? AMY There's something I have to tell you.  I was getting confused - which is no  excuse for how I've acted, but...
93) 8) dialog: Wait - no - this isn't your fault -  I'm the one's been a shit. You're too  hard on yourself - expect too much of yourself.
93) 10) dialog: (stopping her)  Let me say this. Every day of my life -  I've wished for just one thing.
93) 12) dialog: To be whole. For just one month. For just  one day or one minute. For one goddamned  half a second. And not just to be able to  run, or ride a bike, or drive a car.  (beat)  But for once not to have a bruise from  bumping into something or to stand in a room and have to ask "is anyone here" and here  that dead silence, knowing someone is there.  Not to have food on my sweater, or have to  put my finger in my glass to know when it's  full. I just want to be whole.  (beat)  I went to see my father the other day. Amy moves toward him. 
93) 13) dialog: I couldn't face him. I felt like  I was letting him down. I feel  like I'm letting you down.
93) 15) dialog: No, listen. I gave up years ago - I'm not  going to give up now. Amy - that day I met  you - for the first time in my life I felt  someone needed me as much as I needed them.  I don't want you to give up on me. Amy out of breath - feels a surge of love for this man - kissing him. A long kiss - then: 
93) 16) dialog: Besides I couldn't leave you -  I owe too much in back rent. And as Amy pulls him into embrace - we hold on her face -
95) 0) text: A HEALTH INSTRUCTOR - 50's Jack LaLaine type - is giving tour of the facilities. They enter the weight/workout roo shapes and sizes of people work out on various shapes and workout machines.  Aaron's voice-over continues as Jack motions to Virgil to him.. Virgil hesitates.  HIS POV - chrome, iron, plastic - but somehow it's more d we've seen before.  Determined - Virgil starts his way into the gym - hand' o by what he sees in front of him. 
96) 0) text: Virgil negotiating a glass door - exiting the building. 
97) 2) dialog: (clears his throat)  Since this may be one of our last  sessions - are there any questions?
97) 4) dialog: Breasts.  (laughter)  No, really. Don't get me wrong - I love them  - they just weren't what I expected.
97) 6) dialog: Whose did you think I was talking about? Laughs. 
97) 8) dialog: Not having to do these sessions.  (laugh)  No - actually - being independent.
97) 10) dialog: No, but...
97) 12) dialog: I don't know.
97) 14) dialog: (suddenly somber)  I don't know.
98) 0) text: CLOSE ON - the Atlanta project. Miniature size. And a set laid out across Amy's desk. Virgil's hand comes into fram the model - moves to the plans - touches them.  ON VIRGIL - alone in Amy's office - looking at her work. his face - his eyes - we see that he is seeing Amy's work
98) 2) dialog: The Atlanta project - I thought it went away.
98) 4) dialog: I see it Amy.
98) 6) dialog: Your world. What you do. The plans -  the work the ideas. The molding.  For the first time I really see what you do - and not just up here...  (he points to his head) but in here. Virgil's hand goes out to her chest - places it on her he
98) 8) dialog: What is it?
99) 4) dialog: Amy, look at me.
99) 6) dialog: This face - this is everything. It's all  I've ever wanted to see.  (he watches her)  You have so many looks.  What do all those looks mean?
99) 8) dialog: This look - this look I love.  Amy leans forward and kisses him - and he soon forgets it happened. As they kiss we pull slowly back and away as th deep gold and we start to hear what sounds like rain:  We cut to: 
100) 0) text: And they are still kissing - and we realize they are in t together - kissing - exploring - very sensual. As Virgil kiss her neck - her breasts - Amy's head tilts back in to
101) 0) text: Amy and Virgil on the street - each hailing separate cabs
101) 2) dialog: Eight o'clock - building opening -  I haven't forgotten. She blows him a kiss and she's gone. Virgil watches her c away - clear something is bothering him.  HIS POV - his vision going in and out. Then clear, then c again. 
102) 0) text: Virgil's massage room. Not as organized as he had at Bear Virgil is working on an OVERWEIGHT MAN - his back is splo too much sun.  Virgil massaging - becomes preoccupied with his skin's im - losing his concentration. 
102) 2) dialog: Yes - sorry. He closes his eyes - gets back into his rhythm. 
103) 0) text: Virgil, pack over his shoulder leaving for the day - abou through the weight room - when it suddenly comes to a hal His POV - his vision fading in and out - and then suddenl flashes of black. On the final BLACK:  We smash to: 
104) 0) text: Virgil at the desk. The Nurse looks up. 
104) 1) dialog: Daphne - I need to see Dr. Aaron  - right away. It's an emergency.
105) 0) text: Dr. Aaron is again examining Virgil on the Electroretinog Aaron pulls the machine out of the way. Looks at Virgil - hand across his face. 
105) 1) dialog: What does that mean?
105) 3) dialog: What you just did? Virgil imitates him. 
105) 5) dialog: I don't know - first I thought I was  tired - some blurs - occasional cloudiness  but it's been getting worse. Today I'm  getting complete blackouts.
105) 7) dialog: You're afraid. What does that mean - I  thought you corrected it. You told me  I was a 'seeing person'.
105) 9) dialog: OK. You're the expert. Tell me - what  do we do now - how do we repair this?
105) 11) dialog: No - there is no nice way to say it is  there. No nice way to let the man know  it's all over - that.. he's going blind again!
105) 13) dialog: No you don't! Don't ever say that.  You'll never understand. Ever! Aaron stands there - says nothing - tries to let Virgil's dissipate. A long moment. 
105) 14) dialog: How long?
105) 16) dialog: God, what do I tell Amy?  What do I tell her? On Virgil's face. 
106) 0) text: Virgil steps into the hall - Sees:  A FIVE YEAR OLD BOY - blind - eyes half shut - hands reac plodding it' a half circle over to where his mother waits And we see the realization on Virgil's face of seeing his what he will return to: 
107) 0) text: Virgil RUNNING, RUNNING, best he can - through the crowde hands out - bumping into people - desperate - scared - tr from himself - from his fate.  WHAM - he comes to a stop - out of breath - he looks left where do you go - then sees something off screen. His fac fear - he moves forward - hand out - reaching to a window own REFLECTION.  And we push slowly in on the reflection as he touches the his hand on his face - a face he may never see again - an passes overhead and his reflection is gone. 
108) 0) text: Virgil stands at the site - amidst the rubble and mud. Hi walks slowly over to him - raising his arms to embrace hi Virgil takes a step back - not, ready - his father stops, understands - looks his son up and down. 
108) 2) dialog: I need some answers. Why'd you leave? Because  I'm blind - or because I quit trying to see?
108) 4) dialog: Cut the bullshit - "dad". I don't hear from  you for over twenty years - then you find  out I can see and all of a sudden you show up?
108) 6) dialog: No, not later. Now! Was my blindness so  wrong that made you tear our family apart. Virgil's riled his father. He steps towards Virgil tries under his breath. 
108) 8) dialog: I'm going blind again. His Father looks at him - stunned. He reels from the news step back. 
108) 10) dialog: The doctor told me today. You're the first  person I've told. I wanted to come see  you before it was completely gone.
109) 0) text: Virgil standing across the street. Trying to take in the
110) 2) dialog: I know. I'm Virgil Anderson...with Roswell  Tremont. We did the lobby. I'm here to  check some details for tonight.
111) 0) text: The lobby is pretty, straightforward. Open - a few plants central check in desk. Simple - unobtrusive - nothing exc unique.  Virgil moves his way about the lobby - looking at it care every possible angle - his hand grazing across walls, ent desperately committing as much as he can to memory - fina up in the middle of the room in a final attempt to absorb he can. 
111) 2) dialog: Thing? What thing?
112) 0) text: Virgil, wrapped in a towel, is shaving. But he has his ey Amy comes in, dressed beautifully - using the mirror to p earrings in. Virgil quickly opens his eyes. 
112) 1) dialog: You nervous?
112) 3) dialog: You look great.
112) 5) dialog: This is an important night for you.
113) 0) text: The lobby is filled with business types, waiters circulat champagne, tiny hors-d'oeuvres. Virgil and Amy enter - st the top of the stairs leading to the party. Virgil immedi into a performance for Amy. 
113) 2) dialog: Amy, it's good - very good.  I'm proud of you. I love the detail  - planted pots in the corners,  the moldings...  (beat)  It's got genuine lines.
113) 4) dialog: What? He looks about the room - then turns towards the indoor r HIS POV - clear - then slight haziness - a momentary flas - then back in focus.  He turns to Amy. Puts his arm around her. 
113) 5) dialog: Our rain. 
113) 9) dialog: Congratulations - the place looks great.
113) 11) dialog: Go - do your thing.
113) 13) dialog: Quite a party. Love the detail of the building.
113) 15) dialog: Ray. What are you doing here?
113) 17) dialog: It's almost gone. Last few days  have been pretty bad.
113) 19) dialog: It's going to break her heart.  This is her big night - I didn't  want to ruin it. Thought I could  pull it off.
113) 21) dialog: I know  (beat)  So Ray? Is it better to have seen and  lost than never to have seen at all?
113) 27) dialog: (as he's led away)  Thanks Ray. I'll call you. ANGLE ON - Duncan standing anxiously with Falk and his wi they arrive. 
113) 29) dialog: Pleased to meet you.
113) 31) dialog: That's OK - nice to see someone so honest.
113) 33) dialog: I'm a little biased but I kind of  liked Amy's original design.
114) 0) text: Virgil and Amy out front. People leaving - Duncan getting town car with Falk and his wife - he looks back - gives t up and climbs in after them. The car pulls away into the
114) 1) dialog: You wanna walk - I feel like some air.
114) 3) dialog: Can I take your arm - eyes a little tired. As they walk. 
114) 4) dialog: You really made the place  come alive with that fountain.
114) 6) dialog: (taken aback)  A seeing celebration?
114) 8) dialog: You know - there is something  I'd like to see.
114) 10) dialog: The Rangers play tomorrow. Season'll  be over before we know it - could be our last chance.
115) 3) dialog: Yeah - I - I'll follow you.
116) 0) text: Virgil and Amy in the loge seats - on the aisle - up behi goal. Amy looking at the stadium while Virgil next to her the game best he can. 
116) 2) dialog: Amy - the game...
116) 6) dialog: Yeah - it was great - I was just... Suddenly Virgil becomes transfixed. Walking down the aisl from him:  A VENDOR - carrying a tray of PINK COTTON CANDY.  Virgil stares at it a moment - transfixed - then like in he stands - stepping out into the aisle - a man on a miss
117) 0) text: Game is over - Virgil is packing up his stuff - Amy stari
117) 2) dialog: Just having a bad eye day.  A lot to take in.
117) 4) dialog: Nothing. I see almost nothing. Amy: she feels like she's about to explode. 
117) 6) dialog: It's OK.
117) 9) dialog: It's OK for you to cry.
117) 11) dialog: I saw Dr. Aaron.  There's nothing they can do.
117) 13) dialog: Don't you get it -  I can't go through this again.
117) 15) dialog: (whirls on her)  Because of this!!
117) 17) dialog: You! Not letting it go - thinking  there's a solution. Goddamit,  I'm not design flaw in your fucking  work that you can just change to  make work Or throw away because  it doesn't meet your expectations.  (beat)  Let's face it - it's over!!
117) 19) dialog: No! I won't! This conversation is ended!!
118) 0) text: The door swings open - Amy and Virgil enter - Virgil move the bed - pulls out his duffel bag. 
118) 2) dialog: I'm leaving.
118) 4) dialog: I'm going home. Amy walks toward him, picking a battle, rejection. 
118) 6) dialog: I'm not going to go through this bullshit again. Amy moves in front - confronting him 
118) 8) dialog: Yes!! Who the hell were we fooling?  I'm blind - I'm not meant to see  - I don't belong here.
118) 10) dialog: Do you know the reason why I remembered the  cotton candy all those years? Because I went  to the game with my father. And it's the  only good thing I can remember about him.  The rest is him pushing me to be something I'm not - then turning his back on me the  minute his plans fail.
118) 12) dialog: I don't want you to give up on ME.  But you won't give up on me seeing.
118) 14) dialog: Not anymore. Virgil, avoiding her, sidesteps quickly past her - straig lamp, which crashes to the ground and breaks. 
118) 16) dialog: Dammit. A short few steps then a much larger crash - the sound of heavier thing breaking. 
118) 19) dialog: No - no bones are broken. Virgil uses the wall to stand - then - with his hands out of him he finds his way to the bed. 
118) 20) dialog: It's finished - can't you see that!  We both didn't get what we wanted.
118) 22) dialog: When you asked me to come here -  did you ever think this wasn't going  to work - that for one minute I may  not be able to see.  (beat)  Did you ever think it would be OK  to have a relationship with a blind man? Amy - a pause.. Too long. 
118) 23) dialog: There's my answer. And he grabs his duffel and pack - throws the last few th and moving to the door - leaves. 
119) 0) text: Virgil riding - crossing the George Washington Bridge - g He looks out the window - sees the receding city - and he eyes - listens to the rain. 
120) 0) text: The Bus comes down the main street of Pinecrest. Stopping door opens and Virgil gets out - and turns to face up the the street he knew so well that is so foreign to him righ
122) 0) text: Virgil and Jennie entering his place - to be greeted imme SOPHIE bounding across the floor towards them - tail wagg tongue hanging out. 
122) 1) dialog: Sophie!? And he bends down to hug her. Sophie laps at his face. Vi her back to get a good look at her. 
122) 2) dialog: Let me look at you.  You're so beautiful.. yes. Jennie watches her brother - happy to have him home. Hopi him back to 'normal'. 
123) 0) text: Virgil walks around, touching things, seeing the simplici life. Nothing on the walls - no decorations - no plants. functional. He realizes this is a home designed by his si He moves over to the photo of the family. He on his dad's Stares at it - at his father and mother for the first tim
123) 3) dialog: Jen - I'm pretty tired -  I'd like to be alone. The PHONE rings. Rings again. Virgil doesn't move - his a is clear - he knows who it is. Jennie sees this and moves phone.  Virgil turns and walks out onto the front porch - followe Sophie, as his sister picks up the phone in the backgroun
124) 0) text: He sits down - looks into the night as we hear Jennie fai phone. A beat and she hangs up. We hold on Virgil: 
125) 0) text: Virgil walks down Main street. Seeing his town - a town h in but now seems so foreign. Virgil seems oddly disturbed sees.  The yellow bus drives by - full of kids - Carl at the hel it's not what he expected. 
127) 0) text: We find Virgil standing - looking out at the end of the s he stood with Amy. In front of him he sees:  The "dancing trees".  VIRGIL'S POV - a retinal spark - a quick glimpse of the i trees - one lover choosing between two others. 
128) 0) text: Virgil - stands in the middle of the room. Looks about at at one time so special to him. Now it just seems old and magic is gone.  He closes his eyes for a moment - listens - cocks his hea left - the right - but there is nothing there. 
129) 0) text: Virgil standing outside - staring at a building he's neve never been inside.  HIS POV: flickering a moment. 
130) 0) text: Virgil now sits at a table. Stacks and stacks of LIFE mag splayed out in front of him. He is flipping through them rate - like a drowning man searching for air.  IMAGES - cars, JFK, the pyramids, Martin Luther King, hou flowers, Marilyn Monroe, that Napalm burned little girl i African masks, Dachau prisoners, Nixon, Warhol paintings, Lisa, that vulture watching over the little baby, the Eif First Man on the moon, the Venus De Milo, that guy in fro tank in Tianaman square .. and the Pyramids.  The pictures go by fast and furious - Virgil soaking them sponge - life, beauty, horror, great people, great events And we move in on his face - absorbing these images for t time - a face filled with anguish at a world disappearing cut to: 
131) 0) text: Golden rays of the late afternoon sun. Amy on the roof - the parapet - watching the horizon.  Then a thought comes to her. And mimicking what Virgil ha she walks back to the other end of the roof, turns and lo towards the skyline again ... then starts slowly walking parapet till she reaches the wall again.  The reaction on her face - she doesn't "see" it - not lik did. 
132) 0) text: Virgil is shifting furniture in his house. A table - move window - moves a chair to join it - stands back to have a it.  HIS POV - a moment of clear - then haze - then dark - the Virgil rubs his head - these last days of sight have been and exhausting for him. 
132) 3) dialog: Jennie, what's at the  end of Main Street?
132) 5) dialog: Beyond all the stores - past firehouse.  What happens when this is no more Main Street?
132) 7) dialog: No! You told me that's all there was.  That's wrong. There's a helluva lot out there. Jennie surprised at where this is going. 
132) 9) dialog: What was within my reach.
132) 11) dialog: Isn't there anything more that vou want?
132) 13) dialog: No. This isn't about him. Jennie -  you've spent your whole life as  blind as I was. The world doesn't  stop within our reach.
132) 15) dialog: Where everyone what!?
132) 17) dialog: Can protect me?! (beat)  Jennie, this place was a wonderful safe  haven for me growing up. I know that.  (looking around)  And I can only imagine what you gave up  to keep this world for me. I thank you  and love you from the bottom of my soul.  But now I want to give you your life back.
132) 19) dialog: You can Virgil reaches out his arms for her to join him. 
132) 20) dialog: I'm reaching out, Jennie. This gets Jennie and she goes to him, really hugging him first time as tears flow from her eyes. 
134) 0) text: Virgil walks the path, Sophie following close behind. By walks, counting steps, touching landmarks, we realize he sight very little. 
135) 0) text: Coming through the clearing, to the plateau where he took leaves now starting to turn golden colors - he stops - st top of the pond.  VIRGIL'S POV - A retinal spark. The view across the valle white clouds against the bluest sky.  His hand reaches out - to touch the edge of the world - t horizon.  And as he drops his hand, we see the clouds start to race the blue sky goes golden then drifts into darkness. Virgi move from the spot. The screen goes almost black - then s sun starts to rise in the east.  Virgil makes no movement. A long beat - then - as the sun across him - he realizes it's day. He stands and unfolds It's clear he has returned to being completely blind.  As he turns and starts his way down the hill we hear: 
135) 1) dialog: Growing up blind - I had two dreams.  One was to see. The other - to play  for the New York Rangers.
136) 0) text: Virgil stands at the podium speaking - dark glasses on, c hand. 
136) 1) dialog: After the 'miracle' of my short period of  sight - I realize - I'd rather play for the Rangers.  (laughs from the dark)  It's not that it was so awful - I saw many  things - some good, some back some that  I'm already forgetting.
137) 1) dialog: But I realized that our eyes aren't what  make us see. We only live in darkness  when we don't look - look at what is  genuine about ourselves - genuine  about others - you don't need eyes for that. Virgil sitting with three young blind children - working Braille with them. Webster watches from the corner of the
138) 0) text: Virgil - small brown bag in one hand - cane in the other building and makes his way across the street to Washingto
139) 0) text: Virgil - taking in the sun - finishing off the last of hi Balling up his paper bag - he taps his cane out - finds t can nearby - and tosses the bag - rim shot - it misses, h ground. A hand reaches into frame and puts the bag in the Virgil looks up - senses the presence. 
139) 1) dialog: Did I miss?
139) 3) dialog: Amy? ANGLE ON Amy: watching Virgil - realizing his sight is go
139) 5) dialog: We tried. Amy sits next to him. 
139) 7) dialog: Figure of speech.
139) 9) dialog: Amy. I saw ... I actually saw  the horizon. You did that for me.  It's out there. You showed me you  just have to reach for it.. Amy smiles - her hand goes out - hesitates - then lands l his. 
139) 11) dialog: See what we see?