2) 6) dialog: No, Not so sticky! Celia throws her arms round Eva’s neck. Eva smiles but her eyes are welling up. REVERSE ON CELIA; A delicate innocent face. ONE EYE BLANK LOOKING, PROSTHET stares eerily ahead. Eva extricates herself from Celia’s tight hug and turns b to the stove brushing her eyes.
2) 8) dialog: Daddy!.. FRANKLIN (Good looking, muscular 40’s) bounds into the kitchen in a buoyant mood. He kisses the top of Celia’s h and whistling, heads for the coffee pot.
2) 20) dialog: Kevin looks handsome. He does look handsome and Eva looks at him with a hint of pride.
99) 0) text: Eva looks glowing and happy as the new baby suckles gentl her breast. A KNOCK at the door. Franklin and Kevin enter. Kevin wears am ‘I’m a big brother T-shirt’ clearly fresh the shop, he slouches at the side of the bed. Eva looks at tiny Celia in her arms with a doting express
100) 0) text: Celia’s little eyelashes bat sleepily as Eva rocks her ge in her arms, her tiny hand grips Eva’s thumb. Eva ecstatic, amazed, she holds Celia comfortably, her ro face and wisp of blond hair make her look more like Franklin's child as she suckles quietly. The baby is done at her breast and she stands up, jigglin her a little and holding her over her shoulder to burp he As she wanders round the room, cooing to Celia, She notic an empty frame, the Amsterdam photo’s missing. She stops.
101) 0) text: Celia now 4 yrs old and the cutest thing you’ve ever seen lies placidly, not struggling, spread-eagled on her back. Strips of duct tape pin her to the floor, another piece s over her mouth... It’s such an odd image, darkly humourous.
101) 2) dialog: Me and Kewin where playing kidnapping! 92.
102) 0) text: Celia stands frozen to the spot, her eyes wide with fear, hands extended away from her, palms upward. They are cove in flour.
102) 1) dialog: (tremulous ) Dry dirt...Mommy... dry dirt.
102) 3) dialog: All gone? Eva nods.
102) 5) dialog: Kewin! Your my friend! Kevin shoves her away and slouches down at the table.
102) 8) dialog: Here you are! Kevin takes his drink.
102) 11) dialog: Momee! Momee! Eva’s hands are full as she prepares dinner.
102) 15) dialog: Daddy, daddy, wanna see my picture? Franklin pats her on the head as she proudly displays her drawing, he gives it a cursory glance. 94.
103) 0) text: Eva snuggled in Franklin’s arms. The bedroom door swings open and Celia appears shivering clutching her nightdress between her legs.
103) 1) dialog: Mommee? Franklin groans. Eva rouses.
103) 3) dialog: I’m scared to go bathroom. Eva sighs. She gets up and escorts Celia. 0.S. The sound peeing. Eva returns a moment later, slips back into bed. 95.
104) 0) text: Eva sits at the table reading. O.S. Wailing from Celia. She walks into the room brandishing a pink plastic "My Li Pony” It’s face and hair twisted and matted, melted after being held over a flame.
104) 10) dialog: Hey Kewin... Eva winces expecting a rebuttal. Kevin takes the drawing.
119) 1) dialog: Mommee...Mommee, can you help me? Eva tuts and goes off to find Celia. A MOMENT LATER, Eva returns. The computer has switched it off, she frowns, that’s never happened before. She restarts it but the screen just fills up with weird numbers and error messages.
122) 17) dialog: (running to eva) Oh mommy, I love it, I love it! She flings her arms round Eva’s neck, smothering her with kisses.
122) 18) dialog: Thankyouthankyouthankyou... Franklin and Kevin sit on the opposite couch exchanging a ‘girls huh?’ smirk. Kevin unwraps his present, a gleaming cross bow.
123) 0) text: Eva lies against Franklin on a couch, bitching about the politicians on TV. Celia wanders round the room, poking i corners, looking under the table.
123) 2) dialog: (O.S. from under the table) Just a bit longer mommy... INT. HALLWAY - CELIA’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Eva carries a quietly worried looking Celia in her arms.
123) 4) dialog: (quietly her face buried in Eva’s neck) He’s hiding. Eva sets Celia down and looks at the cage.
123) 6) dialog: It’s my fault, I thought I closed the door... Kevin says I’m stupid and he’s right... stupid, stupid stupid! She bangs her fist against her head, harder and harder. E scared, has to pull her hand away.
125) 0) text: Eva stands at the sink, Celia sits behind her, drawing at kitchen table.
130) 12) dialog: (sleepily) I got something in my eye...Kevin helped me wash it out. She turns her head away as if to end the conversation. Eva kisses her and heads towards the door.
130) 13) dialog: Mommy ! 124. She has covered up her good eye with her hand, then uncov it quickly.
130) 14) dialog: Peek a boo! Eva’s smiles at her but her eyes fill with tears as she closes the door.
132) 0) text: A door swings open, revealing Celia playing with her Fren toast at the table, behind her Eva in Franklin’s arms exchanging a brief kiss.