0) 2) dialog: Shit. She drags herself out of bed and walks over to the doorwa Feet crunching over the spilt pills. Dazed, she wanders down the hall towards the front door, squinting as she steps out into the bright morning light.
1) 0) text: Shivering a little, she pulls her robe tight around her, walks a little way down the drive then turns to look at t building. The house looks like it’s had it’s throat slit. It’s splattered with red paint, glistening in the sunshin it drips down the woodwork. Eva surveys the scene for a moment, her face expressionl she shrugs tiredly and casually pads back into the house, closing the door behind her. FADE TO BLACK.
2) 0) text: A ticking sound as a bluish gas flame sparks up on the ri O.S. A man’s voice singing badly over the dull thud of a shower. Eva (49 but looking 10 yrs younger) plops a European styl coffee pot on top of the range and picks up a spatula, flipping a piece of french toast that’s sizzling in a pan
2) 2) dialog: OK Celie, no slime! She presses the toast firmly into the pan making sure it’ crisp before flicking it expertly onto a plate. INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER. Viewed from behind. The white blonde hair of CELIA 7, sat the kitchen table. EVA leans in towards her face making dabbing motions with little sponge. Celia’s feet kicking under the table. She whines and wrig but tries hard to stay still.
2) 4) dialog: You could call it that... Eva drops the sponge in the bowl and wipes her hands.
2) 5) dialog: There’s a brave girl. See that’s better, not so sticky now.
2) 7) dialog: Now... eat your breakfast honey.
2) 10) dialog: (without looking up) Morning. His hand brushes against Eva’s over the stove. An awkward moment, something unspoken in their eyes. Franklin pulls gingerly.
2) 13) dialog: You’re in a good mood...
2) 16) dialog: Oh... you’re up. Eva and Franklin pull apart, almost guiltily, like a coup of teenagers caught at it.
2) 18) dialog: Wow, what happened... were all your size one clothes in the wash?
2) 21) dialog: Yup... your brother’s a heartbreaker... Now don’t dawdle, You’re supposed to eat it, not make friends with it. Kevin plonks his open rucksack on the table with a clunk It’s full of heavy yellow Kryptonite bike locks.
2) 35) dialog: OK, time to make a move. She bends to kiss Celia’s head, brushing a last speck of crust from her eyelash. Celia stands woodenly her arms held out.
2) 36) text: I’1ll miss you... Eva glances at her watch.
2) 37) dialog: I’1l miss you too. She hugs Celia taking her into her arms. Celia clings on desperately. Eva finally manages to put her down. She pas Kevin on the way to the door. She almost makes a move to kiss him goodbye, thinks bette it and passes a hand over his fringe instead, her hand brushing against his forehead.
2) 38) dialog: You’re a little clammy, do you feel alright?
2) 40) dialog: Hey...three days till you’re sixteen huh? We should do something... How ‘bout Sunday?
2) 43) dialog: (over her shoulder as she exits) Very funny. She closes the door behind her with a click.
3) 0) text: Eva’s stockinged feet up on the desk, viewed from behind, swivels on the chair, the phone pressed to her ear...
3) 3) dialog: Haven’t you guys got homes to go to?... Her assistant ROSE is stood ashen faced in the doorway.
3) 5) dialog: Kevin...pick up....Kevin please?...(The sound of another number punched into the phone)... (MORE )
3) 6) text: EVA (0.S.) (cont'd) Franklin....where the hell are you?... Pick up the goddamned phone... INT. EVA’S CAR, SUBURBAN ST. - EVENING Eva rounds the corner and slams on the brakes. An elderly couple crossing the road in front of her gawp her before continuing on at a snails pace. Eva drums her hands impatiently on the wheel...C’mon...C’mon.
4) 0) text: A helicopter chops noisily in the air just above her. SIR GETTING LOUDER. The fuzzy car radio suddenly starts blaring out ‘HEY MICK BY TONI BASIL. She turns into the drive leading up to the school passing A group of teenage girls huddled together with their arms round one another in a strange tableaux. It’s getting dark as Eva jumps out of the car, leaving th door wide open.... VIEWED FROM INSIDE THE CAR, AS THE MUSIC CONTINUES... Red and blue sirens pulse eerily from emergency vehicles Eva stumbles through the lot towards the school. CLOSELY FOLLOWING EVA; Everything slows to a strange half speed, as if underwate Total chaos. Teachers, students and frantic parents in te or profound states of shock. Seconds take forever as Eva moves towards the hubbub surrounding the gym. 10. She catches the sight of a hysterical woman who we will l know as MARY WOOLFORD, a perfectly coiffured mother, but black rivulets of mascara running down her face, she look like a screaming clown. For a split second their eyes meet. O.S. The voice of a cop on a crackling radio... merges in an electrical roar.... Cops are gathered round one of the gym entrances as a fir works at the door with a cutter. A arc of blue sparks fly into the night. A YELLOW KRYPTONITE BIKE LOCK clunks to the floor with a sickening thud. Eva loses focus, the red and blue lights scatter into meaningless splotches. CcuT TO BLACK SCREAMS IN THE DARKNESS.
5) 0) text: A mass of half-naked teenage bodies writhe together, pile top of one another, screaming and yelling, covered in a viscous, blood-red liquid. Is this hell? SPLAT. A tomato flies through the air and squashes agains the crisp white cotton of a women’s blouse. Eva (36 and gorgeous) squeals and laughs, holding her han protectively over her face as more tomatoes fly in every direction. Two young guys, flirty and lascivious, are pushed up agai her shouting and laughing, they grab her arms and playful pull them from her face, stretching them wide so Eva beco an open target for the rest of the crowd. Tomatoes rain down, squashing as they hit their target an soaking Eva in their sticky red mess. It’s fun at first, but soon the chaos proves too much and pulls away from the protesting boys and struggles to free herself from the crowd. 11.
6) 0) text: Eva relaxes as she walks away from the frenzy of the “Tomatina”,the music and screaming fading into the background, her hair and clothes dripping with tomato jui She pulls a fleshy lump from her hair and drops it in the road, laughing quietly to herself.
7) 0) text: The hiss of a shower, steam fills the room. A pink-stained bra drops to the floor on top of a pile of soaked clothes. Eva’s feet step into the shower, the water running red ro her toes. Hands soap up a lather and caress the skin of her shoulde neck, breasts and belly sensuously. The shower head splutters and spits, the steam disappears Eva looks up and squeals - the water has gone freezing. She scrambles from the shower swearing to herself.
8) 0) text: Eva sits on the edge of the bed, goose pimpled, shivering slightly, wrapped in a small, cheap, thin ‘bath’ towel. Hand written journals and notebooks are strewn across the bed, she flops down on her back and reaches for a Dictaph clicking record. Eva’s lips full frame.
8) 1) dialog: Bedrooms... bearable, plumbing... practically non-existent. She clicks it off with a sigh and casts her eyes round th drab, bare room... something lonely about her. She sighs turns on her side her gaze fixing on the phone.
8) 4) dialog: Not much? Just had a shower... She picks at a bit of tomato skin on her arm.
8) 5) dialog: huh... well half a shower. MAN’S VOICE (0.S.) So you're naked? 12. She laughs and twirls round, dropping the towel, admiring toned body in the mirror.
8) 6) dialog: Mmmmm...You know what... I’ve got great tits. She laughs, sexy, teasing, blushing.
8) 9) dialog: Maybe.. Her toes stretch out and she lets out a husky teasing lau
9) 0) text: Eva eating alone, marooned and lonesome. 13. A couple of local Lotharios check Eva out from the bar, s ignores them. She watches a young pretty Spanish couple dining nearby, laughing noisily, doting on their rambunctious kids.
9) 2) dialog: You know I can’t... it’s only a couple more weeks...
10) 0) text: ON THE SOUNDTRACK ‘Sweet Dreams are made of this’ by the Eurythmics’ crackles from a car radio. Eva searches the sea of waiting faces beyond the barrier, drivers wave name signs. She frowns, he’s not there.
11) 0) text: Eva rushes through the airport, something catches her eye A LARGE STAND OF SHINY NEW ‘A WING AND A PRAYER’ TRAVEL
12) 2) dialog: (excited) Turn it up...turn it up! The music grows louder and continues over the following scenes.
13) 0) text: Eva’s face reflected in her compact mirror, applying some gloss... tousling her hair sexily. Almost there. She redirects the driver, this is her city, knows her way around.
14) 0) text: The cab pulls up and Eva gets out. A handsome young BROKER GUY whose passing rushes up to he her with her bags, flirting a little as he helps her insi the entrance of an industrial looking building. INT. EVA’S APARTMENT - EVENING A whirring noise and a clunk. Eva chuckles to herself and thuds her foot on the floor o the dilapidated elevator, it swims up unsteadily to her floor. She pulls the grate back excitedly and steps into the apartment, dragging her bags in after her.
14) 1) dialog: Franklin?
14) 8) dialog: Jesus Franklin! But Franklin’s not there, Eva looks a little silly as her voice echoes around the empty loft. She throws herself down on the couch, curling the rope absentmindedly in her fingers.
15) 0) text: O.S. The sound of the elevator grinding to a halt three f below the entrance to the loft. 16.
15) 2) dialog: Why the hell didn’t you call! He looks surprised and holds up his hands apologetically.
15) 4) dialog: (Shaking with anger) You could have found one if you tried...
15) 8) dialog: (sleepily, mumbled) I didn’t put in my diaphragm. Franklin stirs and rolls over, looking at her disoriented
15) 10) dialog: (affecting a German accent) Is it safe? Franklin laughs.
15) 12) dialog: (in a poor Dustin Hoffman impression) No it’s not safe, it’s very dangerous. Be careful. They both laugh and he pulls her into his arms. 18. Black.
16) 5) dialog: It’s OK you go. I'll do it. LATER. Eva stands at the door and takes a final look round the almost finished’ modern space’. The shiny new desks and s of the art computers... She smiles to herself, a glimmer pride in her eyes, then something else... apprehension? Her hand reaches for the light switch and the fluorescent lazily flicker off... just at that moment a clap of thund outside merges with..
18) 0) text: O.S. The dull thud of a jump rope sounds over a loud TV. A stream of bloody pee runs into the toilet bowl. Eva breathes a sigh of... relief? 21. She pulls up her knickers and washes her hands.
19) 0) text: Franklin has his back to Eva, he’s dressed in an ancient rock band T and shorts, skipping in front of the blaring soaked with sweat. Eva walks to the kitchen area, flicks the switch of the kettle and reaches into the cupboard. Almost instantly Franklin is behind her, his sweaty body rubbing into hers
19) 1) dialog: Not now....I got my period. She turns to him, making an effort to look regretful when see’s a flicker of disappointment cross his face.
19) 5) dialog: Do you think you'll miss it?...just the two of us? She turns to look at Franklin whose sprawled, head back a snoring lightly. She studies his open mouth, drool collec in the corner. He farts loudly and rolls over. 22. Eva grimaces and turns her attention to the TV.
20) 0) text: Eva throws herself down on the sofa and takes a deep slug from a glass of red wine. A huge new book lies open on th coffee table. THE EVERYTHING PREGNANCY AND NUTRITION GUID She picks it up.
20) 1) dialog: (American Info-mercial Voice) Twenty things you should do before you get pregnant. Just say no to partying...Give that cup of Joe the old heave - ho. The patronizing text quickly induces another slug of wine O.S. THUNK. She looks up to see Franklin, head buried in the fridge throwing a big chunk of her bluest, stinkiest cheese into trash.
20) 2) dialog: Hey! What the hell? She snaps the book closed.
20) 3) dialog: That’s my favorite!
20) 6) dialog: (under her breath as she walks into the bedroom) Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
21) 0) text: Eva drives distractedly, she glances at her handbag which sits on the passenger seat, a sealed pickle jar pokes out the bag, the greasy yellow contents swilling around with movement of the car. O.S. The loud honk of a horn. Eva looks up, she’s rapidly approaching a line of station traffic at a stop sign.
21) 1) dialog: Shit! She stamps on the brakes. Her bag slides forward on the s teetering on the edge. Eva reaches for it and grabs it be it falls, breathing a sigh of relief.
22) 0) text: O.S. The sound of blood rushing in her ears as Eva’s visi blurs for a second, she swoons forward, her head between knees. Eva’s ankles and shoes full frame against the white tiled floor.
23) 0) text: Hands straightening up the dishes on a beautifully laid o table until it looks perfect...but looking closer the han are shaking... PULL OUT; 24. Dressed in the simple white smock, with little make -up o Eva looks fresh and young. The picture postcard of a wholesome mother to be. O.S. The cranking of the elevator. She rushes to the kitchen counter, pretending to busy her with the salad, her back turned to the elevator. Franklin walks into the apartment, takes the scene in and immediately stops in his tracks.
23) 2) dialog: Looks that way.
24) 0) text: O.S. Franklin whistling cheerfully from the bathroom. 25. Eva pulls off her white dress and looks at her flat stoma in the mirror running her hand over it ruefully. TIME JUMP.
25) 0) text: Hands rifling through the wardrobe rail flicking passed endless hangers, rejecting them all. Eventually a smart rain coat is pulled out. Eva stands in front of the mirror with the coat on. From the front it looks OK but when she turns to the side looks ridiculous, she can’t even belt it. She casts it as on the bed.
26) 0) text: Close in. High heel shoes clacking in front of Eva, The back of a WOMAN wearing a trench coat like the one Ev couldn't fit. All male heads turn as she passes. EXT COFFEE VENDOR - DAY.
26) 1) dialog: Double espresso please. The woman at the counter looks at Eva’s growing bump and raises her eyebrows.
26) 3) dialog: (sarcastically) Yes I’m sure. EXT. STREET OUTSIDE EVA’S APARTMENT - DAY. Eva struggling with too many grocery bags whilst trying t fish in her purse for her keys. She sees the young cute BROKER GUY passing (who helped he with her luggage on her return from Spain). Eva looks at him expectantly but he doesn’t even notice h and walks right past. 26. INT. THE LOFT - EARLY EVE. Franklin stumbles into the apartment, his face obscured b boxes of toys. Eva rushes to greet him but he walks right past her, down the hall to the baby room.
28) 1) dialog: Hey what do you think about Selim? Franklin frowns at her.
28) 3) dialog: No... Selim Khachadourian has more of a ring.
28) 5) dialog: Funny that’s exactly how Peter Plaskett sounds to me. The light changes and they pull away. EXT. STREET - EARLY EVENING. Franklin's pick up pulls up and they both get out.
28) 7) dialog: I just don’t see why I should get varicose veins for a Plaskett...It’s a gross name.
28) 9) dialog: I don’t hate it...it’s just so...American. I mean... 28.
28) 11) dialog: So a girl doesn’t matter to you... He raises his hands and interrupts.
28) 13) dialog: OK deal. INT. BEDROOM - MORNING; SOME MONTHS LATER. Eva in bed Alone. Swollen; sweating. A print of Degas’s backstage dancers. Eva stares at the girls, who seem to somehow be mocking her in return. Eva closes her eyes, praying for the sickening moment to pass. Franklin enters the darkened room and sits on the bed.
29) 0) text: Eva wanders around aimlessly, enjoying the late afternoon sunshine. She looks a lot fresher but clearly at a loose She passes a shelf stacked with records and flicks throug them, slides out a Billy Joel album, smiles at the cheesy cover and returns it to the shelf. She rubs her bulging belly.
29) 1) dialog: Hey Kid...Lets hope you have better taste in music than the old man huh? She flicks to the back of the stack, her old ‘single life records.
29) 2) dialog: Aha! She pulls out, Talking heads; ‘Speaking in Tongues’. Eva sets the needle on the record and ‘Burning down the house’ bursts into the room, she whacks the volume up, he jerkying awkwardly, and humming along. She catches her reflection in the mirror and pushes out h huge bump comically.
29) 3) dialog: You’d better not give me stretch marks...you little bastard. She holds her big belly in her hands and steps awkwardly the couch, jumping up and down in time to the music. SCRREECH. The music stops, the needle dragged off the rec
29) 4) dialog: Hey! She turns mid leap to see Franklin glowering at her.
29) 6) dialog: Having a good time for once, is that illegal? 30. She plonks herself down on the couch.
29) 8) dialog: What’s the matter Franklin? Am I not playing mommies and daddies right? Christ, if I’d known that’s what you were expecting I wouldn’t have bothered. Franklin’s face turns beet red.
30) 0) text: O.S. The sound of running water. Eva appears from the bathroom, passes the door of the new nursery, hesitates, then pushes it open. The room is full of boxes, the crib set up in the middle the floor, caught in the glow of the street lights. She pulls the baby blanket from the crib, draping it roun her shoulder and twists the mobile hanging above it. She sits on one of the boxes, the simplistic chimes of ‘Twinkle, twinkle little star’ play round endlessly. CUT TO BLACK. O.S. Animalistic, unearthly moans.
30) 2) dialog: (a furious screech) It’s killing me...
30) 4) dialog: (mumbled automatically) He’s beautiful. The nurse helps to guide the baby to Eva’s nipple but it wriggles away from it in fury.
31) 1) dialog: (not convinced) Really?... Eva smiles desperately at Kevin. LATER. Eva jiggles up and down on the spot stiffly, awkwardly. Sensing her unease, Kevin’s screams intensify. She scoops a breast from her open shirt and offers him on her already raw looking nipples. He takes it in his mouth for a second before turning away spewing out the milk in a bluish dribble.
31) 2) dialog: No?
31) 4) dialog: Goo goo goo, gah gah... (her forced smile drops) Please be quiet... please... O.S. A ping, and the grinding crank of the elevator as it ascends from the first floor. As if on cue, Kevin falls silent. Eva’s mouth falls open shock, gingerly she creeps to the cot and lays the baby d with infinite care. O.S. The elevator grate grinds open. Franklin bounds in, another stuffed toy under one arm, pi of prints from work under the other.
31) 6) dialog: Please, don’t wake him, he’s only just... She winces as Franklin takes Kevin in his arms but the ba stays miraculously silent, nestling quietly in Franklin's huge arms. He coos and grins a bit more before looking up
31) 8) dialog: Rhinestein says it might be a diet thing. I'll try cutting a couple of things out.
32) 0) text: Franklin swings his bag over his shoulder as he leaves th apartment building. 34. He looks up to see Eva watching him from the loft windows waves and blows her a kiss before climbing into the picku
33) 0) text: Eva waves to Franklin and watches as he drives off, tooti his horn. A prodigious screech from behind her as kevin starts up again. Eva walks leadenly over to the crib and picks him up.
34) 0) text: A young waitress strains to hear Eva’s order over the constant screams emanating from the pram next to her.
34) 1) dialog: (exhausted, thinner) Do you have any gluten free bread? The bored waitress shakes her head.
34) 2) dialog: Ok, a bowl of plain pasta, no chilli no garlic... and a green salad, hold the dressing. The waitress nods and scoots off. Eva jiggles the pram uselessly, Kevin seems to redouble h efforts. Other diners turn and give unfriendly glances which Eva t to ignore.
34) 5) dialog: (trying to keep her cool) Yes I’ve tried feeding him. 35.
36) 0) text: Eva looks exhausted as she pushes the pram out of the par the walk has done nothing to settle her nerves or Kevin's he’s still screaming blue murder. She passes a group of construction workers digging up the road. A pneumatic drill hammering up the tarmac. Eva stops on the sidewalk and looks down at Kevin's twist face, his incessant bawling drowned out by the drill. 36. She stands stock still, closes her eyes, drinking in the moment of respite provided by the noise. Passers by throw questioning glances but Eva’s oblivious to them all.
37) 0) text: Eva stands over the sink, sweaty and pale. O.S. Kevin crying in the background. She winces as she removes a breast pump from her tender nipple. She makes towards the cot, pauses, she can’t face it. She switches on the radio, Beethoven at his most jubilant blasts out for a moment it covers the sound of the scream Then the crying just gets louder. Eva turns up the radio.
37) 8) dialog: That's right, daddy’s home. Franklin walks in and drops his bags with barely a glance Eva, he immediately makes a beeline for Kevin's crib.
37) 10) dialog: He’s outdone himself today. Franklin leans in and picks up Kevin, who stays sound asl his face content.
37) 12) dialog: You think I’m exaggerating...
37) 14) dialog: You realize that John downstairs is threatening to move out.
37) 18) dialog: He’s not good natured he’s exhausted, and so am I. I think I might be coming down with something. He holds a hand to her forehead briefly, perfunctorily.
38) 0) text: The bathroom door opens and Eva emerges, huddled in her blanket, a thermometer poking out from under her tongue. takes it out and tries to focus.
38) 1) dialog: Here you read it, everything's a bit blurry. Eva swoons, Franklin runs and catches her in his spare ar He puts down Kevin, ignoring his instant screams and scoo Eva up in his arms, carrying her to the couch.
39) 0) text: Franklin lifts Eva (whose clutching a huge bunch of flowe ever so gently out of a wheelchair and into the passenger seat.
39) 2) dialog: I thought her name was Carlotta?
39) 4) dialog: What, you sacked her? 40.
39) 6) dialog: You mean she quit?
40) 0) text: Eva pads quietly into the hall, she looks up and stops . Hazy sunlight catches Franklin’s relaxed smile. He stroke Kevin’s head whilst SIOBHAN (21), a plump dark haired gir holds him, rocking him gently. For once Kevin is_not crying. It’s a vision of a perfect, happy family. She watches the scene for a moment then retreats quietly back to the bedroom.
41) 0) text: Eva pushes through a sea of people, rush hour.
43) 3) dialog: (shrugging, searching for words ) Yeah you’re right...indescribable..
44) 0) text: Eva and Louise enter cubicles mid conversation. 42.
45) 0) text: Eva returns quietly to her seat.
45) 3) dialog: Actually I was talking to marketing last week, they’re proposing a new guide... AFRIWAP, thought it had a ring... Franklin doesn’t say anything but his eyes show a combina of surprise and annoyance.
45) 4) dialog: Of course it wouldn’t happen for a while...
46) 0) text: Eva slides the elevator gate open and steps into the loft it’s a bomb site, toys strewn everywhere, baby food splattered on the walls.
46) 1) dialog: Siobhan? O.S. Muted cries from the other room, but not Kevin's. Eva follows the sound, bending to pick up Siobhan’s Chine scarf from the floor, it’s torn to shreds. 43. Eva enters the bedroom, Siobhan leans over Kevin (almost and a half now) on the changing table her hair tangled an caught in Kevin’s vice-like grip. She slowly manages to extricate herself.
46) 3) dialog: (placating) Let me make you a coffee.
47) 2) dialog: Again?
47) 7) dialog: (a little desperately) Would you like more money?
47) 9) dialog: Mommy was happy before widdle Kevin came awong, you know that don’t you? And now Mommy wakes up everyday and wishes she were in France. Mommy’s life sucks now, doesn’t Mommy’s life suck? Do you know there are some days that Mommy would rather be dead? Rather than listen to you screech for one more minute, there are some days Mommy would jump off the Brooklyn Bridge. You’ve got daddy snowed but Mommy’s got your number. You’re a little shit aren’t you?
47) 12) dialog: Franklin ease up, I was only kidding around...I’m blowing off a little steam OK. Siobhan the saint quit, Hear that, Siobhan quit!
47) 14) dialog: Look, I‘1l change him...
47) 16) dialog: Anyway, what’s this about moving to the suburbs, since when?
47) 18) dialog: We can gate off the elevator!
47) 20) dialog: But i love New York!
47) 22) dialog: Well that’s great, I want to go to Africa and you want to go to New Jersey.
47) 24) dialog: Yeah right. You want a house. You want a yard. You want to coach fucking little league.
48) 0) text: Eva lies on her back, eyes open, just about awake. O.S. The sound of the elevator gate sliding open.
48) 2) dialog: (quietly, to herself) Bye. She doesn’t sit up, just lies there, staring at the ceili Something is different, something is missing. Eva sits up in bed. What is it? She gets up and pads into the hall. Silence. She pushes open the door to Kevin’s room. He is sitting u his crib, a ring of discarded toys chucked from it lie on floor. Kevin’s thin pointy face regards Eva stoically. His mouth closed. Silent. Eva looks at him for a moment, opens her mouth to say something but is at a loss for words. 47.
49) 0) text: Eva stands at the stove fixing coffee, she feels eyes on back and turns. Kevin sits in the centre of the room surrounded by ignore toys staring at her silently.
49) 1) dialog: Hungry? No sign of a response, Kevin stares blankly into the air, frozen like a shop dummy.
50) 1) dialog: Roll the ball to Mommy Kevin. No response.
50) 2) dialog: Kevin roll the ball to Mommy... He looks at Eva blankly for a moment then turns away, disinterested. INT. DOCTOR FOULKES SURGERY. The doctor holds a finger in front of Kevin’s fathomless eyes, they follow it lazily.
51) 0) text: Eva sits cross-legged on the floor reading from a lovingl homemade children’s book, Eva has at least found some rel for her creative instinct.
51) 1) dialog: (trying hard) E is for elephant... (MORE)
51) 2) text: EVA (cont'd) large as a house, he’s as big as can be, not small like a mouse... can you say elephant Kevin? El-E- Fant... She looks up; Kevin sits a little way off, his back to he motionless.
51) 3) dialog: Kevin... Kevin, (louder) KEVIN? He does eventually turn round but so laconically it’s har tell if he’s heard her or not.
53) 1) dialog: Say “ball” Kevin... Buh...Buh... Ball.
54) 2) dialog: I mean shouldn’t he be talking?
55) 0) text: The shower curtain slides back, Eva steps out and fumbles a towel. She looks up, Kevin stands in the doorway regard Eva’s naked body with vacant disinterest. She covers hers unsuccessfully with a tiny hand towel, unaccountably embarrassed.
55) 1) dialog: When did you learn to walk exactly?
57) 0) text: Eva bends down, smiling broadly she tries once more... wa the ball in the air in front of Kevin before rolling it slowly towards him.
57) 1) dialog: Roll it back Kevin... roll it back... And miraculously he does, straight towards her. She catch it and claps her hands with excitement.
57) 2) dialog: Yay...That’s it, that’s it! She rolls it towards him again. Kevin looks down at the ball resting between his legs the back up at Eva, his face sombre.
57) 3) dialog: Roll it back Kevin! 50. Nothing. INT. LOFT - DAY.
57) 4) dialog: (her kiddy voice becoming more and more forced) OK Kevin, it’s time for our juice! Eva glances at him and sighs, she sets down the cup, he s so under stimulated, she walks to the corner of the room wheels the dusty TV out.
57) 5) dialog: I hate to do this to you but... She picks Kevin up and plonks him down in front of it. A kids animation bursts onto the screen. She turns up the volume. Leaving Kevin to watch she goes back to fetch his juice f the counter. The kids show seems to bombard the room, It’s hyperactive irritating, it pounds through her head and she grimaces.
57) 7) dialog: What did you say? Kevin’s gaze is still firmly fixed on the TV screen.
57) 8) dialog: Kevin honey, what don’t you like? He bats his hand against the TV set and Eva marvels.
57) 10) dialog: Jeez, a kid with good taste. 51. She turns off the TV and grabs an infant picture book fro the floor, hurriedly flicking through the pages.
57) 11) dialog: Look Kevin...Flo-wer...Flow-er. Kevin Look at Mommy, look. Say... Track-tor. Track-tor.
57) 13) dialog: Kevin, honey. Can you say Mommy ? He stares at her solemnly. She points to herself.
57) 14) dialog: Mom-mi....Mom-mi. Say Mommi Kevin. His expression remains immutable.
58) 0) text: Franklin lies in bed grinning broadly as Eva undresses.
59) 0) text: Eva sits at the table trying to concentrate on some proof from work. Kevin sits behind her on the floor, surrounded a ring of toys. He picks them up one by one, examining ea briefly before flinging them across the room with all his might.
60) 0) text: EVA is sat on a bench, Kevin facing her in the buggy, eye her moodily. She produces a packet of cookies from her ba bag and holds one out to him.
60) 2) dialog: (Completely exasperated) What do you like, Kevin? With a glazed disinterested expression, slowly turns away INT - BATHROOM- NIGHT. Eva lies against Franklin in the bath. He suddenly slides into sitting position so she has to sit up too.
60) 4) dialog: He’s almost three now.
60) 6) dialog: You said you were working too hard, you could take a break... Anyway...I thought you wanted to spend more time with him.
62) 0) text: Eva locks eyes with a beautiful African woman who’s sat b the side of the road, suckling her naked child, despite t squalor, it seems like the most natural thing in the worl she looks like a serene Madonna. Her two other small chil make up a game of rolling an old tyre with a stick. Eva smiles at the woman who doesn’t smile back, yet her g seems to penetrate, making Eva uncomfortable. The woman b flies away from the baby’s mouth without dropping her sou eyes. The children chase the tyre screaming and whooping ecstatic delight.
63) 0) text: Eva runs into the grubby airport, dropping her bags at he feet as she looks up at the departure board, panels flip like cascading dominoes...‘DELAYED’ ‘DELAYED’ ‘DELAYED’. No Air-con, waiting passengers bat away flies, dishevelle the intense heat. Eva covered in a film of sweat, finds the only working vending machine, no water left, only Fanta orange. She ta a slug from the drink. It’s warm and she almost spits it the floor. INT. JFK AIRPORT -DAY. Eva’s feet pound across the airport floor. She crouches down and tears spring to her eyes as she pul Kevin towards her and hugs him tightly, his arms remain a his side and he’s floppy like a rag doll in her embrace.
63) 1) dialog: I missed you so much... Mommy’s never going to go away for this long again. Kevin seems to get floppier still, his head lolls back ov her arm until he’s almost horizontal, she pulls away from and ruffles his hair. Wiping her cheeks, she stands up an hugs Franklin, they kiss passionately. Kevin stamps his foot and begins to make a loud mooing so he tugs at Franklin’s hand. Franklin pulls away from the her. 55.
63) 2) dialog: Look Kevin. Mommy’s got you a present. She pulls a huge wild looking African wooden mask from a carrier bag, waving it in front of him, Kevin is uninterested.
64) 0) text: Kevin shoots Eva a crafty orange smile and fists a cheese doodle into her lap.
64) 2) dialog: Don’t crumble them all over truck honey.
65) 8) dialog: How long has this been going on?
65) 11) dialog: Look while I was away. I had a lot of time to think, I don’t feel I'm doing either ‘A Wing and a Prayer’ or motherhood right...
65) 13) dialog: Maybe it’s time to focus more on Kevin.
65) 15) dialog: Work can take a back seat. I’m thinking at least till he’s in first grade.
65) 19) dialog: I’m so sorry I... The waitress smiles but her face turns beet red.
65) 21) dialog: Kevin, that wasn’t very nice.
65) 24) dialog: You bought us a house?
65) 26) dialog: You didn’t find one for me to look at? It’s a done deal?
65) 28) dialog: Kevin stop it. That’s enough. Let Mommer and Daddy talk.
65) 31) dialog: Kevin quit it!
65) 35) dialog: There’s only so pleased I can get about something that wasn’t my idea in the first place.
65) 38) dialog: Kevin I mean it. If you don’t stop Nyeh-nyehing we’re leaving.
65) 42) dialog: Stop it! She leans over the table and raps him on the hand. Kevin almost smiles for a moment, satisfied? Then his lip start quiver and his face crumples up.
65) 46) dialog: I’m sorry ...I’m just tired. I am pleased... I can’t wait to see it.
66) 3) dialog: So what’s it like?
67) 2) dialog: I’m dumbstruck. Kevin looks around glumly, he slackens on Franklin’s hand until he’s a dead weight.
67) 5) dialog: (Brightly, forced) Skylights!
68) 0) text: Eva stands in the elevator, a last box of odds and ends i her hands, she looks around the empty space ruefully, it’ like saying goodbye to an old friend. She pulls the hand crank and starts to descend, disappear from view. INT. ‘RANCH HOUSE’ NYACK - MOVING IN DAY SQUIRT. A jet of water splashes onto the crotch of a pair jeans.
68) 2) dialog: Kevin, stop squirting the nice removal men, they’re only trying to help. Kevin aims the gun at another removal man’s butt. 61.
68) 3) dialog: I told you to stop it! He drenches the man’s butt.
68) 5) dialog: Kevin, I’m not going to tell you again! She chases after him as he thuds past the man.
68) 6) dialog: Kevin if you squirt anybody one more time. I’m taking the gun away! He sprints past the removal guy he’s just soaked so she c get close enough to grab him, then turns back to her wavi the gun in the air, his eyes glistening gleefully through intimidating wooden face.
69) 0) text: Kevin eyes Eva moodily as she puts his confiscated squirt out of reach on top of a cupboard. INT. LIVING ROOM TO KITCHEN —- CONTINUOUS - DAY. Eva struggles into the kitchen with a box of pots and pan Kevin is perched precariously, standing on the second she of an opened cupboard, posing as if waiting to have his picture taken, his hand fumbling for his gun.
69) 1) dialog: Hold it right there Mister. Freeze! She waits underneath him, prepared for a fall, he’s too h for her to grab.
69) 2) dialog: Franklin!....quick. 62. Franklin enters and pulls Kevin down but not before he’s snatched his squirt gun back.
69) 3) dialog: Kevin’s been very very bad, we’re going to have to take that gun away for a long time.
70) 0) text: Kevin is sat at the table, systematically pulling all the stuffing out of a fluffy rabbit through a small hole in i ear. Eva puts a sandwich down in front of him.
70) 1) dialog: You must be hungry working so hard? He doesn’t look up.
71) 0) text: B.C.U. Eva’s hands smooth down a beautiful vintage map of Asia, as she pastes it like wallpaper to the wall and sta back to admire the effect. A pile of old maps, plane tick and postcards sits next to her on the floor. This is gonn look cool. 63. Kevin grunts and she feels his eyes boring into her as he stands watching her leaning slackly in the doorway.
71) 1) dialog: (as she selects another map ) Everyone needs a room of their own. You know how you have your room. Well this is Mommer’s room...You’1l see, you may want to make your room special some day and I’1l help you if you like.
71) 3) dialog: So it looks like your personality.
71) 5) dialog: I think you know what I mean.
71) 7) dialog: Unless you’d rather not.
71) 9) dialog: Great, we’ve found one more thing you don’t want to do. Kevin’s face screws up a little, an odd expression follow by a smile... and a stink.
71) 10) dialog: Oh you haven’t... I only just changed you. Kevin grins with satisfaction. 64.
72) 0) text: Franklin has his head in a kitchen cupboard, fixing child locks to the doors. Eva struggles to fit a beloved old dresser into the next room, the space has no flat walls, nothing fits and the dilapidated dresser looks out of place amongst all the fr clean wood panelling.
72) 1) dialog: Christ doesn’t this place have any corners?
73) 0) text: Eva waits in the car with Kevin, looking at a row of phon shop fronts. A huge couple pass by stuffing their faces w burritos.
73) 1) dialog: Look at the roly-pollies Kevin. She only gets a scowl in return. Franklin appears, his arms full of shiny new kitchen equipment.
73) 2) dialog: Have you seen “Ye Olde Sandwich Shoppe”? Must have been built all of six months ago.
74) 0) text: Eva helps to carry the new stuff into the house, she pass brimming dumpster. Her old dresser lies amongst the funky pots and pans from the loft, her antiquated food mixer... smiles wistfully.
75) 0) text: O.S. Kevin can be heard smashing something up in his room Eva puts down a PB and J in front of the door as she pass 65.
76) 0) text: Eva has her back turned to Kevin doing laundry.
76) 2) dialog: Shit! He shoots her a little grin.
76) 4) dialog: Crap. O.S. Franklin and Kevin in the bathroom.
77) 0) text: Franklin is in bed, his hands behind his head. Eva undres
77) 3) dialog: I like them. He stamps his foot.
78) 1) dialog: Oh...how thoughtful. Eva wipes her pasty hands on her overalls, tries to straighten her hair.
78) 3) dialog: (distractedly) Sure...yeah that sounds fun. MARY WOOLFORD. Every Thursday 2-4pm at my place. The kids really enjoy it and it gives the Mom’s a break. Eva looks up the stairs. It’s quiet, too quiet.
78) 4) dialog: Sorry... (indicating upstairs) I gotta go. 68.
78) 6) dialog: Hey kid, when you’re this quiet, you make me nervous.. She pushes the study door open. The expression on her fac changes instantly, she looks at the room in horror. The walls are spidery with red and black ink, the ceiling too, covering all four walls in little circular and zig-z directions. Kevin is standing on the desk, bent over in concentration draining the last of the red ink from the bottle and pour it intently into the barrel of his gun, the ink spills ov onto the already splattered oak desk, his hands are drenc He senses Eva standing watching him but he doesn’t look u
78) 8) dialog: Did you have fun? Nothing.
79) 0) text: Eva’s on the phone. 69.
79) 2) dialog: (slightly quizzically) Ok... sure, thanks for all your help anyway, it’s been great... OK... bye. She rounds the corner. Kevin stands by the window forcing half a sandwich into his mouth in one go, like a starved animal.
79) 3) dialog: Hungry huh? He looks up at her dolefully, spits the half-masticated sandwich out into his hand and mashes it into the window pane, it sticks there. Kevin walks off.
80) 0) text: Eva searches through the annoyingly locked cupboards for something and pulls out Mary’s tacky, ‘home sweet home’ decorated pie dish, she’s forgotten to return it.
80) 1) dialog: Crap. EXT. MARY’S HOUSE - DAY Eva approaches the front door carrying the pie dish, she notices a few extra cars parked up outside. She rings the bell and the door opens.
80) 2) dialog: Hey Mary, just thought I’d return this... sorry it’s been so long... She stops, over Mary’s shoulder she can see the lounge fu of mothers and young children, play group is evidently st running, just without Kevin. Mary smiles broadly but her pale neck blotches bright red 70.
80) 4) dialog: Well I guess I’1ll see you at “Love and Learn” soon.
81) 0) text: MISS FABRICANT (frumpish, thirties) and Eva stand at the classroom door. Eva holds a freshly-bagged messy diaper a arms length. VIOLETTA, a shy little girl with a bad case eczema hangs onto Miss Fabricant, hiding in her skirts.
81) 3) dialog: It’s just that this is the third time today, couldn’t you...
81) 6) dialog: I know a lot of the other mothers live closer by, it takes me a while to get here.
82) 0) text: Eva drives distractedly, Kevin strapped in the seat next her.
82) 1) dialog: That wasn’t very nice Kevin...breaking Muffet’s tea cup.
82) 3) dialog: That doesn’t mean she deserves...
82) 5) dialog: Sure Kevin. How would you like it if you brought something you really care about to school and somebody smashed it up?
82) 7) dialog: Like... 72. She closes her mouth, Kevin smiles triumphantly, she can’ think of a damn thing.
83) 1) dialog: .--in floods of tears, absolutely inconsolable... Franklin pushes away his empty plate, leaning back in his chair.
84) 0) text: Summer, nearly the end of term. Eva waits with the other mothers as the kids come out of school. 73. She notices the unmistakable bulge of a diaper on a few o the kids where there had been none before. Soon, most of kids are gone, Kevin has not materialized.
86) 0) text: Franklin bangs a glass down on the counter and pours hims a generous scotch. Eva sits at one end of their new, whit sofa.
86) 2) dialog: He could have called someone, couldn’t he? Before it went too far.
86) 5) dialog: He wasn’t traumatized, he was smug.
86) 9) dialog: OK, Lets work on our numbers!
86) 11) dialog: Well you remember yesterday, Mommer paid the bills? You have to be able to add and subtract to pay bills.
86) 13) dialog: Well you have to know arithmetic to be sure the calculator is right. 75.
86) 15) dialog: It always works.
86) 17) dialog: (flustered) To use a calculator, you still have to know what a five looks like, alright?...Now lets practise our counting. What comes after three.
86) 19) dialog: What comes after nine.
86) 23) dialog: There! Add that up then! And multiply it by twenty five while you’re at it, since you think you’re so smart! She goes to hand him the paper. Smells something.
86) 24) dialog: You did not. 76. He looks at her, smiling. A FEW MINUTES LATER; On the changing table. Eva removes the stinky diaper. She somewhat gruffly lifts his ankles. Sets out the fresh one under his butt. Her eye catches on his. She studies him. seems to be enjoying it.
86) 25) dialog: Are you having a laugh out of this? Are you? He doesn’t answer. She finishes taping the diaper sides, yanks up his pants, putting him on the floor and turning wipe her hands. O.S. A squelchy, farting sound. The unmistakable smell. She turns round, Kevin grins up at her.
86) 26) dialog: (screaming) How do you do it! You hardly eat anything, where does it come from?! Eva is livid, she grabs him, dragging him towards the changing table, she loses it and before she knows it she’ thrown him towards it. He sails though the air as if in slow motion and lands wi dull thud against the edge of the stainless steel table. His head at a quizzical tilt, he looks at her as if he is finally interested in something. Kevin’s arm is splayed at an odd angle. Eva looks terrifi He does not cry.
87) 0) text: Eva, Kevin and DR GOLDBLATT walk down the long corridor. Kevin has a haughty expression on his face, he bravely ho his arm, a towel wrapped around it. Eva has her hand on h shoulder but he shrugs it off. They stop in front of the orthopedic surgeon’s examining room. Eva is about to walk in with them. Kevin abruptly t to her. 77.
87) 2) dialog: Don’t you want me to keep you company honey... in case it hurts?
88) 0) text: Eva. A guilt sign is practically lit up over her head. She glances at the floor, terrified to make eye contact w anyone.
88) 3) dialog: Yes?
88) 5) dialog: Oh. Yes. She places her hand delicately on the doctors arm. 78.
88) 6) dialog: (gushing) Thank you, thank you so much Dr Goldblatt. INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY
88) 7) dialog: (in bits) What Mommer did was very, very wrong. And she’s so, so sorry. Kevin sits up front, he says nothing, his expression aloo the fingers of his plastered right arm tucked Napoleonica into his shirt. INT. LIVING ROOM. Eva holds the front door open as Kevin walks in. Kevin heads straight for the kitchen, Eva meekly follows. Franklin has his back turned, slathering some peanut butt onto a cracker, he turns to face them stuffing it into hi mouth.
88) 15) dialog: The orthopedist says it was pretty clean and should mend well. Kevin and Eva look at each other as if sealing the pact.
88) 19) dialog: Guess so. exhausted, close to tears. Franklin puts his arm shoulder.
88) 21) dialog: It was all my fault.
88) 23) dialog: Yes... but I should have... Franklin raises his forefinger. 80.
88) 26) dialog: How is it? Kevin nods without looking up. He keeps eating. INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY
88) 27) dialog: Do you mind if we stop off at the store honey?
88) 29) dialog: (swallowing) Home it is then.
89) 0) text: Eva tentatively knocks on Kevin’s door.
89) 4) text: Eva enters the room, Kevin is sat on top of his bed. He i dressed awkwardly. One arm in the sleeve of his pyjama to the other underneath it. She kisses Kevin's forehead, he wipes it off.
89) 5) dialog: I love you, kiddo.
89) 7) dialog: And how about JAPWAP? we’re gonna need... oh it’s already done...Oh great.. and the updates for europe? Really? That’s fantastic... Eva’s face doesn’t look so fantastic, she passes a framed photo, her favorite, showing a much younger, fresher and enthusiastic Eva on a trip to Holland, she grimaces at it
89) 8) dialog: ...well I guess that’s it for now, don’t hesitate to call if you need anything...thanks Sally, bye. She hangs up looking a little lost, surplus to requiremen She looks down at the yard outside. Franklin whoops as Kevin, his arm now out of the cast, la throws the ball into his mitt. Eva’s face reflected in the glass, she presses her hand against the pane. INT. EVA’S CAR, AFTER SCHOOL RUN - DAY Eva, bored, stuck in a row of yummy mommies in their peop carriers and SUV’s. Kevin equally bored, strapped in the back. O.S. Construction noise. She glances out the window. 82.
89) 9) dialog: (under her breath) Jesus..just what we need... another Pottery Barn. She yawns and flicks on the C.D. player. Elgar swims out she closes her eyes for a minute savoring the peace in th music.
89) 11) dialog: (brightly, forced) What shall we do when we get home? No response. She sighs.
89) 12) dialog: Shall we read a book?
89) 14) dialog: Then we'll find a different one.
89) 16) dialog: I don’t think that’s possible Kevin.
89) 18) dialog: When you grow up you’1l need a job and then you’1ll have to be able to read and write really well or no one will want to hire you.
89) 20) dialog: There are other jobs.
89) 22) dialog: Then you’d have to go on welfare. The government would give you just a little money but not enough to do anything fun.
89) 24) dialog: I bet you will.
90) 0) text: MAN’S VOICE (0.S.) You tell your kid it’s not funny! O.S. Muffled heated voices. Eva listens from the study...she walks to the landing, peering downstairs. Franklin holds the door open to ROGER CORLEY, flushed and sweating, slightly ridiculous in his tight shorts and expensive cycling shoes that leave him pigeon toed.
91) 2) dialog: Is the kid alright?
91) 4) dialog: (shrugging) I don’t know, I’m getting to like it, kinda Jackson Pollack... are you gonna talk to Kevin or shall I?
92) 0) text: Eva fixes dinner, Kevin skulks around behind her.
92) 1) dialog: Your friend Trent hurt himself quite bad, he’ll be alright but Maybe you can make him a get well card. Kevin shrugs...walking off.
93) 0) text: Franklin slouches next to Eva on the couch, Kevin sat on floor in front of them. Braveheart is playing on the TV, climactic scene... Mel is tied to the rack, slowly being eviscerated. 85. Eva squeals and holds her hands over her eyes. Through he fingers she notices Kevin look up at the screen casually, with no sign of reaction. He’s more absorbed in coloring the white squares on a crossword in black. She turns to Franklin who’s virtually asleep and looking as a button.
93) 1) dialog: Hey... No response, she nudges him.
93) 3) dialog: What do you think about having another one? He sits up sharply.
94) 2) dialog: The way it’s gone?
94) 4) dialog: That’s not fair. Yes, he’s been difficult...
94) 6) dialog: I thought you’d be overjoyed. 86.
95) 0) text: Mother’s hang in gaggling groups outside the school exchanging gossip and one-upmanship over their gorgeous children. Eva sits in the car observing from a safe dista Noisy kids pour into the yard. A cute little girl runs straight to her waiting mother, waving a piece of paper.
95) 4) dialog: (talking to Kevin voice) Hey kiddo what you got there! He moodily hands her the drawings, the first a formless jagged black and purple scribble.
95) 5) dialog: Is that a storm honey? Kevin shrugs. The second one is almost exactly the same as the first. 87.
95) 6) dialog: Wow that has so much energy!
96) 0) text: Eva brushes her teeth.
96) 2) dialog: Coming.. She opens the mirrored bathroom cabinet door and picks up plastic box containing her diaphragm, looks at it for a moment and then places it back on the shelf. She skips out of the bathroom, flicking off the light. CUT TO BLACK.
96) 5) dialog: That’s right, I’m a big fat pig oink oink... Franklin looks up at her, a pause, his full mouth falls o
97) 0) text: Franklin behind Eva in the mirror as she washes her face.
97) 2) dialog: Soon...now. He glares at her then storms out.
97) 4) dialog: (almost to herself) I have to find something out.
97) 6) dialog: Is our marriage shaky?
97) 8) dialog: +..SO the daddy bear plants his seed in the Momma bear and it grows into an egg and...
97) 10) dialog: Better to call it ‘sex’ Kevin. That other word is going to offend some people.
97) 12) dialog: Do you know what that means? Kevin rolls his eyes.
97) 14) dialog: Well Mommer and Daddy do that sometimes too.
97) 16) dialog: Well for one thing, so you could keep us company... it might be nice for you to have some company too. Haven’t you ever wished you had someone around the house to play with?
97) 18) dialog: How about a new little brother or sister... You might find out you like it?
97) 20) dialog: Then you'll get used to it.
97) 22) dialog: Yes... well... in a few months we’ll all get used to someone new! Kevin struggles manfully with a much shorter, and therefo harder to break piece of crayon.
98) 0) text: Eva pours herself a small glass of wine doodling on a pad playfully. Franklin and Kevin on the sofa glued to CNN; the gulf war crisis.
98) 1) dialog: Hey what about Celia...if it’s a girl?
99) 0) text: Eva looks glowing and happy as the new baby suckles gentl her breast. A KNOCK at the door. Franklin and Kevin enter. Kevin wears am ‘I’m a big brother T-shirt’ clearly fresh the shop, he slouches at the side of the bed. Eva looks at tiny Celia in her arms with a doting express
99) 1) dialog: Hey Kevin... like to meet your little sister?
100) 0) text: Celia’s little eyelashes bat sleepily as Eva rocks her ge in her arms, her tiny hand grips Eva’s thumb. Eva ecstatic, amazed, she holds Celia comfortably, her ro face and wisp of blond hair make her look more like Franklin's child as she suckles quietly. The baby is done at her breast and she stands up, jigglin her a little and holding her over her shoulder to burp he As she wanders round the room, cooing to Celia, She notic an empty frame, the Amsterdam photo’s missing. She stops.
100) 1) dialog: Son of a.... FADE TO BLACK.
101) 1) dialog: Jesus! What the.... Eva bends down next to her and gently removes the tape fr Celia’s mouth. Celia smiles up at her.
101) 3) dialog: (aiming her voice at the roof) Kevin!
102) 2) dialog: (slightly exasperated) Oh come on Celie, it’s only flour. Eva bends down and wipes Celia’s hands. Celia inspects th carefully.
102) 4) dialog: All gone... can you lay the table for me now honey? Celia nods happily and skips off to the table just as Kev (now ten, but with the sullen moody air of a teenager) sk into the room. Celia rushes to him, throwing her arms around his leg in tight grip.
102) 12) dialog: For God’s sake Kevin will you cut it out! O.S. the front door opening.
102) 20) dialog: (wisecracking) To be really famous in this country, you’ve got to kill somebody.
103) 0) text: Eva snuggled in Franklin’s arms. The bedroom door swings open and Celia appears shivering clutching her nightdress between her legs.
103) 2) dialog: What’s the matter honey?
104) 0) text: Eva sits at the table reading. O.S. Wailing from Celia. She walks into the room brandishing a pink plastic "My Li Pony” It’s face and hair twisted and matted, melted after being held over a flame.
104) 1) dialog: Kevin! No response. Eva tuts and gets up.
104) 2) dialog: Kevin, how many times have I told you to leave Celie’s stuff alone... She pads up the stairs.
104) 3) dialog: Kevin? Kevin’s little feet are splayed out on the carpet, he lie his belly, almost in the recovery position, his face swea and pale.
104) 4) dialog: Kevin? She rushes towards him and is astonished when he allows h to lift him and actually puts his arm around her neck. INT. KEVIN’S ROOM -DAY Eva lays Kevin on the bed, he’s limp and placid. She pull out a pair of clean PJ’s from the drawer.
104) 6) dialog: Sure honey. She rifles through the drawers but can’t find them, she empties out the laundry basket, searching almost desperat through the dirty clothes until she eventually pulls them out.
104) 7) dialog: I’1l wash these and make them nice and fresh so you can wear them tomorrow.
104) 9) dialog: I‘1l be right back OK? Kevin nods weakly. Eva leaves the room, her eyes wide in astonishment, who i this boy? INT. KEVIN’S ROOM - LATER Kevin's pale face looking strangely beautiful as he sucks gently on the bud of a thermometer. Eva takes it out and looks at it worriedly. Christ 101. Celia runs into the room waving a piece of paper.
104) 13) dialog: Not to worry, sweetheart, you couldn’t help it.
105) 0) text: Eva watches as Franklin, just back from work, his bag slu over one shoulder, comic books and presents under the oth pokes his head carefully round Kevin’s door.
105) 4) dialog: (putting her arms round him) Don’t worry... they always want their moms when they’re sick...
106) 0) text: Eva sits on the bed reading from “Robin Hood”. Kevin lies quietly next to her. As she reads she notices him edge sl closer to her... should she risk it? Gently she lifts up his head and lays it in her lap, he l her. She strokes his hair, gently, incredulously. 98.
107) 0) text: Eva pushes Kevin’s door open. He’s already up, looking mu healthier, pulling on his jeans.
107) 1) dialog: Here, let me help you with that.
107) 3) dialog: Okay...I’m glad you’re feeling better... Would you like some more chowder for lunch?
107) 5) dialog: Or maybe a grilled cheese sandwich?
108) 0) text: Eva stands at the sink watching as Franklin helps Kevin, (resplendent in a Lincoln green hat with a feather and clutching an expensive looking toy bow and arrow) to set target at the end of the garden.
108) 2) dialog: Hey! Be careful with that thing! FADE TO BLACK. 99.
109) 0) text: Eva struggles down the hall, her arms full of laundry. Th bathroom door is ajar, she elbows it open. Kevin, (now 14, skinny, pointy faced but with brooding da good looks) stands hunched in the centre of the room, his trousers round his ankles, beating himself off fiercely. half empty pack of “land ‘o lakes” butter sits on the sid the bath. Eva gulps but stares at him squarely in confrontation, expecting embarrassment. Kevin shoots her a sleepy sly grin... but he doesn’t stop. Eva slams the door hard and stomps off down the corridor cheeks burning. O.S. A dry chuckle from Kevin. INT. EVA’S CAR, DRIVE - EVENING Eva, sat in her car, the engine running. She drums her fingers on the wheel, beeps the horn a few times. Kevin saunters out of the house, dressed in a pair of jea that might have fit when he was ten, they hover above his ankles, the zip doesn’t do up and the tight denim explici reveals his package. A tiny white T-shirt completes the l She beeps again, he seems to slow intentionally, casually opens the door.
109) 1) dialog: Can’t you wear something that actually fits you? Kevin sneers at her and slips into the car.
109) 4) dialog: Sure ...don’t want to be seen arriving with your mother do you? Kevin gives her a ‘that’s right’ look, she stops and he g out, sloping off with Lenny. EXT. THE GYM —- EVENING Eva struggles to open the gym doors , a large tray of sandwiches balanced in her arms. A good looking, athletic black kid, immaculately dressed in a polo shirt and chino runs to open the door for her.
109) 6) dialog: Thank you....err...
109) 9) dialog: Hey, nice shot. Soweto shoots back another winning smile. 101.
110) 4) dialog: (to Mary) Hey why don’t we just get Delta force in to do the strip searches.
110) 6) dialog: Okay.... INT. SCHOOL GYM - LATER. The cavernous gym is decked out with brightly colored bun and a large mirrored ball spins slowly round catching the light, echoey retro music. The kids line the walls, trying to look cool, no one danc Eva notices Kevin, keeping his distance, slumped against pillar. Lenny next to him laughing dumbly. Nearby, Mary Woolford holds court.
110) 9) dialog: (unaccountably embarrassed) Oh sure...thanks Soweto. Eva takes a sip, hiding her embarrassed grin. Over the ri her cup she sees Kevin point in their direction, whisperi something to Lenny who starts guffawing like a donkey.
110) 10) dialog: Could probably do with a slug of Vodka. Soweto laughs. She looks at the empty dance floor.
110) 11) dialog: Jeez...is anybody going to dance at this thing? The DJ segues into ‘STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN’
110) 12) dialog: Christ, Stairway...that’1l help. Laura Woolford and her little posse of ‘hot girls’ prance past, the boys eyes on them as they catwalk their way to rest room, flicking their hair. They pass Kevin’s corner and alter their route, taking a detour as if being ten feet from these two is infectious. Eva’s sure she sees something in Kevin’s eyes as Laura passes, taking in her long shiny hair, her incredibly sho dress. Her attention is diverted as a lone girl, pale and geeky; walks to the centre of the floor. The poor girl’s mom is clearly ninety, she’s dressed her a prom circa 1947. Puffy frilly dress, patent shoes and a in her hair. Extending her arms she lunges in ever widening circles, e closed, oblivious to the fact that her enthusiastic twirl are exposing her panties. 103. Something beautiful in her total lack of inhibition...Eva can’t help but be enchanted. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Kevin appears, heading towards like a scud missile; calculated so that the girl’s next pirouette will land her ear exactly in line with his mout He leans towards her, whispers something. She freezes. He eyes darting left and right like she’d just woken up nake the street. Kevin sidles off. Everyone now staring at the girl, sniggering openly as sh flounders back and forth, a slow motion death dance, desperate to keep up appearances by bobbing to a few more bars. Mercifully the track ends, the girl hurriedly gathers up skirt and hobbles off to a darkened corner. She sits head down, hunched over, her elbows awkward, eac hand fighting for cover under the other. Eva drains her punch, now she really needs a drink.
111) 0) text: Franklin is still munching his way through a huge plate o pasta. Eva leans back in her chair, a glass of wine in on hand; reading something aloud to him.
111) 1) dialog: (sarcastically) Niger is part of Nigeria. Nigeria is full of Niger. The river Niger flows through...
111) 3) dialog: You do know that Mr Johnson's African-american right? O.S. The doorbell rings. Franklin looks quizzical but goe answer it. 104. Stay on Eva’s face. O.S. The door opening, the crackle of a police radio.
113) 0) text: Back on Eva's face as she pours herself another drink. O.S. The rise and fall of Franklin’s voice furiously yelling...then a lull. Kevin’s voice, quiet, reasonable, placating. Eva grins ruefully to herself, here comes the horse-shit. Franklin appears, much calmer, he sits down beside Eva.
113) 2) dialog: What about the bricks? 105.
113) 4) dialog: Yeah, that sure sounds like Kevin. Franklin sighs.
113) 6) dialog: (incredulous) You apologized?
114) 0) text: Eva emerges from her study, she hears muffled voices comi from Kevin’s room, she stops, listens.
115) 0) text: Eva drives home from work along Nyack high street. She pa a huge Barnes and Noble with wide, plate glass windows. S glimpses someone, who else could it be dressed in that outfit? Standing in the travel section in front of a shel full of AWAP guides. O.S. The honk of a car horn. Eva swerves momentarily as she redirects her attention to traffic. She shakes her head, incredulous, her eyes wide. grin of pride.
116) 0) text: Eva enters, Kevin is slouched against the kitchen unit.
116) 1) dialog: Hey, didn’t I see you in the bookstore tonight?
116) 3) dialog: Funny... could’ve sworn... Kevin starts to slope off.
116) 4) dialog: By the way...I’d like to ask you out on a date. He eyes her mistrustfully.
116) 6) dialog: Just to do something together...For fun.
116) 8) dialog: Maybe a little Christmas shopping, take you to dinner? She pauses, unsure for a moment, then with a wry smile.
116) 9) dialog: Play a round or two of miniature golf? He cracks a sour half smile... she’s secured her date. INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY, THE DATE. Eva waits for Kevin. Franklin sits watching TV.
116) 10) dialog: What are you and Celie gonna get up too?
116) 12) dialog: Why didn’t you wear a coat?... You just can’t get uncomfortable enough can you? Kevin grins.
116) 15) dialog: Well...you won. INT. EVA’S LUNA - OUTSIDE THE MALL - DAY Eva slows at a pedestrian crossing. A huge family waddle across the road all stuffing their faces.
116) 16) dialog: Whenever I see fat people they’re eating...don’t give me that slow metabolism crap. “It’s my glands”...It’s food. Their fat because they eat the wrong food...too much of it and all the time. Silence, she drives on into the lot.
116) 18) dialog: You're one to talk.
116) 21) dialog: You’re right...that’s one of the things that’s wrong with this country. It’s so faddish. Still, I wouldn’t want Celia to feel left out.
116) 23) dialog: Can you help me fasten this. Franklin turns round. 110.
116) 25) dialog: I wanted to create a sense of occasion...Anyway I thought you liked this dress. Franklin eyes the slit in the dress, which is cut up the thigh.
116) 27) dialog: I’m making someone uneasy, obviously. She leaves the room. INT. KITCHEN - EARLY EVENING. Eva enters, Kevin is standing at the sink with his back t her. She looks touched to see that instead of clothing designed for an eight year old, he’s made an effort, lush black slacks and a billowing white fencing shirt. She’s smiles, about to compliment him when he turns aroun gnawing chunks from the half-devoured carcass of a cold chicken. Eva turns white.
116) 28) dialog: I’m about to take you to dinner. Kevin wipes the grease off the corner of his smirking mou
116) 30) dialog: Put that away right now and get your coat! Eva turns angrily away from him and storms out of the roo
117) 0) text: Kevin shakes his head to the waiter who shrugs and turns Eva, she’s quietly furious. 111.
117) 1) dialog: I'll have the crab salad, steak medium rare and a bottle of Merlot. She snaps the menu shut.
117) 2) dialog: Oh...and bannoffee pie for desert, thanks. LATER; Eva is eating as Kevin rips a bread roll apart, squeezing into tiny balls. She frowns and takes a deep slug of wine
117) 3) dialog: So...How’s school going?
117) 5) dialog: What about your, ah teachers? Are any of them, you know especially...
117) 7) dialog: Alright, Mr. Snide, what do you want to talk about?
117) 10) dialog: OK...since you asked. Eva sits back folding her arms.
117) 11) dialog: American's are trusting to a fault, innocent in a way that makes them stupid. They are fat, inarticulate and ignorant. They are demanding, impetuous and spoiled. They’re self righteous and superior about their precious democracy and condescending to other nationalities because they think they've got it right, never mind that half the adult population doesn’t vote. Worst of all they have no idea that the rest of the world can’t stand them. All the while Kevin’s eyes have been downcast, still scribbling.
118) 0) text: Kevin’s door opens a crack. Eva peers in. No posters, no smelly socks, the bed made with boot camp precision, the shelves virtually empty apart from the cop Robin Hood and a couple of school books. She has a quick guilty snoop around but there’s not much find, a stack of floppies sit next to the computer and sh shuffles through them, weird names, Nostromo... D4-x... S picks one out at random, puts the rest back and slips out the room. 114.
119) 0) text: Eva inserts the floppy into her disk drive and starts to download the files.
120) 0) text: As Eva bustles through the office doors, she’s struck by odd silence in the office, people at their desks with dar expressions on their faces others hanging round gossiping the water cooler.
120) 1) dialog: Why is nobody working?
121) 0) text: Eva sits at her desk watching the rest of the staff still hanging around aimlessly through the glass partition. John enters.
122) 0) text: Eva knocks tentatively on Kevin’s door, holding the flopp disk. No answer, she pushes it open.
122) 1) dialog: (tapping the disk) I wanted to ask you, What’s this?
122) 3) dialog: Of course not...well only once.
122) 5) dialog: Why do you have it?
122) 7) dialog: Isn‘t that a peculiar thing to collect?
122) 9) dialog: What’s the point of it?
122) 13) dialog: (ruefully) Yes it’s fucked. I guess I deserved it.
122) 15) dialog: OK, I’1ll be sure to do that, though some days the people I don’t like come to quite a list.
123) 0) text: Eva lies against Franklin on a couch, bitching about the politicians on TV. Celia wanders round the room, poking i corners, looking under the table.
123) 1) dialog: Hey Celia, come on now, time for bed...
123) 3) dialog: Right let’s put you to bed... want to say good night to Snuffles?
123) 5) dialog: I can’t see him anywhere... Celia’s face crumples.
123) 7) dialog: Don’t worry honey... I’m sure we'll find him... She doesn’t look so sure. 118.
124) 0) text: Eva’s ass poked in the air as she searches the back of a cupboard.
124) 1) dialog: Snuffles... Snuffles? Franklin struggles out from behind the fridge, covered in dust and crap.
124) 3) dialog: Oh don’t say that... Eva looks pained.
124) 5) dialog: (whacking him) Stop it! But she can’t help it, they both burst out in giggles, rolling together on the floor.
125) 0) text: Eva stands at the sink, Celia sits behind her, drawing at kitchen table.
125) 1) dialog: .--and so Snuffles went to play in the garden and he’s made lots of new animal friends... Eva pulls the plug, the water sluggishly refuses to drain away. It finally disappears with a gurgle. Eva wrinkles h nose.
125) 2) dialog: Phew... She reaches up to a high, child-locked cupboard and pulls a bottle of Liquid Plummr, she pours a healthy glug down sink. 119.
126) 0) text: Eva’s car squeals to a halt, she leaps out looking pale a desperate. She runs up the steps into the hospital buildi
127) 0) text: The same hospital corridor where Eva waited for Kevin wit his broken arm. The same green plastic chairs. Eva and Franklin sit in a heavy silence, clutching each others hand tightly. A coffee with a crinkled skin sits s on the table. A surgeon approaches with a sombre expression. Eva and Franklin stand up.
128) 0) text: The engine’s running just to get the heating going, Eva s shivering without a coat. An empty silence. Franklin knocks his head back against the padded headrest stares at the ceiling.
128) 3) dialog: I didn’t leave it out. Franklin drops his head and sighs. 120.
128) 5) dialog: I put it away, back in that high cabinet with the child lock on it. Celia couldn’t even reach that with a chair!...
128) 7) dialog: Good question.
128) 9) dialog: I remember putting it away Franklin.
128) 11) dialog: Celie’s in hospital why are we having this conversation?
128) 13) dialog: Janis came this morning, maybe...
128) 15) dialog: (she’s got to say it) Fine, why don’t you ask Kevin how the bottle got left out? 121.
128) 17) dialog: He was supposed to be looking after her...
128) 19) dialog: Time...it takes time for that stuff to work. Maybe he did wash it out, but when? When he was finished?
128) 21) dialog: Think about it! Eva starts to cry, she presses her finger tips to her eyelids.
128) 22) dialog: She’s seven, not two. Even if I did leave it out.. Why the hell would Celia pour drain cleaner on her own eye. Celia’s afraid of everything. He did it Franklin... oh he did it, he did it! Franklin grabs her arms, looks her in the eye.
129) 0) text: Eva drives down a lonely, barely lit highway, the tears h stopped now... she’s just blank.
130) 0) text: Franklin with his head in his hands on the sofa, Eva froz in the armchair across from him.
130) 2) dialog: So...what do you want to do?
130) 4) dialog: Is it...You’ve decided?
130) 10) dialog: Celie... when you got hurt? Celia nods solemnly.
130) 11) dialog: What happened?
131) 0) text: Eva is sat on the sofa, she glances up as Kevin strides i the room, the distinct shape of his archery bag draped ov his shoulder, he’s followed by Franklin.
131) 2) dialog: Something came for you. She nods toward the large Fed Ex package on the floor. Ke sullies towards it and starts to rip it open with Frankli car keys. He pulls a bright yellow kryptonite bike lock out of the along with a spray of Styrofoam beans as Eva eyes him suspiciously.
131) 3) dialog: What’s that for? You don’t even ride your bike.. Franklin walks back into the room holding a beer as Kevin pulls out another identical lock.
131) 6) dialog: (dryly) Glad to see you’re being so entrepreneurial... INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT. 0.S. Franklin singing tunelessly over the thud of the sho Eva, undresses slowly, she smiles to herself a little sad and gets into bed. She peers over the quilt and watches Franklin through the open door of the en suite. He steps out of the shower and his body flits in and out view, reflected in the mirrors, still fit and athletic. He switches the bathroom light off and gets into bed. Dark, apart from the hypnotic flashing light of the digit clock. RED/BLACK. RED/BLACK. They both lie silent, awake. What more is there to say? He reaches out for her hand and pulls her towards him, kissing her tenderly on the forehead, then more deeply, h moves on top of her. The clock flashes, red black, red black. CUT TO BLACK.
132) 0) text: A door swings open, revealing Celia playing with her Fren toast at the table, behind her Eva in Franklin’s arms exchanging a brief kiss.
139) 0) text: The gym doors burst open, they’re surrounded by police gunman, fireman and paramedics. Kevin is led out calmly i the circus. Helicopters swoop over head, red and blue flashing lights illuminate the dusk sky. Parents teachers and others crowd round in awe, being hel back by more police and barricades. Eva's taut, pale face as she struggles through the crowds Kevin now handcuffed, is escorted to a police car and sat down in the back, the door closed behind him. Suddenly, Eva's desperate face appears at the window as s cups a hand against the glass to cut out the reflection o the flashing lights.
139) 2) text: As she stares through the glass. 128. Kevin regards her calmly, placidly searching for somethin her eyes. Whatever it is he doesn’t find it and they stare at each other silently for a moment before the car starts to pull away. One last look from Kevin through the back window, he seem pleased with himself, but he doesn’t smile. O.S. A scream, Eva turns to see Soweto Washington being wheeled out the gym, two arrows sticking out of his muscu thighs. Another gurney is wheeled out, a blanket over the body bu Laura Woolford’s expensive bracelets and hundred dollar Manicure are unmistakable on the one exposed hand. A scre from Mary Woolford as she breaks through the crowd and th herself on top of the body, sobbing uncontrollably. INT. EVA’S CAR - NIGHT Eva drives erratically, constantly hitting redial on her cell.
139) 3) dialog: Franklin you son of a bitch! Tears hot with fury sting her cheeks. INT. WAITING AREA. POLICE STATION - NIGHT. Coffee cup. Plastic cup. Styrofoam coffee cup. O.S. Phones ringing, muted sobbing, distant voices. Kevin name, mispronounced. Eva, exhausted, suddenly aged, a dead look in her eyes, marooned on a black PVC sofa as people rush to and fro, blocking her from view. Her knee shakes involuntarily.
139) 7) dialog: «+--+. I can go?
140) 0) text: She walks into the lot, everything alien. Dazed, she wanders past her car, failing to recognize it first time down the row. Yet once she finds the car she becomes strangely calm. Sedate. Methodical. Keys. Lights. Seat belt. Windshield wipers on interval, to clear the thin mist. INT. CAR - NIGHT. Eva drives very slowly, breaking on yellow, coming to a legally complete halt at the four way stop though there i traffic. LATER, the car curves up the long drive to the house. 130. Methodically, she turns off the wipers and the lights the locks the car. She picks a leaf off the windscreen, scoops the jump rope the garage floor and hangs it carefully back on it’s hook the wall. INT. KITCHEN, HOUSE - NIGHT. Darkness. O.S. The flick of a light switch. Eva enters the kitchen. The greasy breakfast dishes haven’t been tidied, plates a juice glasses still on the counter, the answer phone blee with a ton of messages. The white muslin curtains of the garden doors drift lazily in the breeze.
140) 1) dialog: Franklin?...Celia? Her own voice coming back at her unnerves her, it’s sound small and tinny. She walks through the house, flicking on lights. Nothing. She walks to the deck and looks out on the dark garden. She finds the switch for the floodlights, pausing for wha seems like an age before she flips it. The wide panorama of the garden lit up like a surreal painting. The grass and bushes a vivid green. The blue ni sky twinkling with stars as a backdrop. Celia. Splayed like a discarded rag doll, lies in the grass. A single arrow pins her tiny frame to the ground. Franklin. Stark in the glare of the floods, shafts of arrows throug his neck and upper body, a tragic expression frozen on hi face, profoundly disappointed. A pause. 131. Eva switches off the floodlights. CUT TO BLACK.
141) 0) text: A huge woman struggles to reach into the depths of a refrigeration unit and pulls out a five litre tub of ice cream, slapping it on top of her already mountainous shop cart, piled high with groceries. Eva’s cart seems empty by comparison, a half loaf of brea and a bottle of white wine the only contents. She reaches for a carton of eggs and places them on the k seat of the cart, flipping it open to check for breakages they're all whole. O.S. The squeaky wheel of another cart turning into the aisle. Eva looks up. A woman about her age, in an outfit that ma have been fashionable ten years ago and appearing similar run down, is perusing the milk cartons, MARY WOOLFORD. Eva blanches with a look of shocked recognition, pricks o sweat dot her forehead. O.S. The sound of blood singing in her ears. She abandons her cart along with her embroidered Egyptian and wallet and dives into the next aisle.
142) 0) text: A tin of Campbell’s soup full frame. The rushing noise in Eva’s ears getting louder. She gets herself together and manages to peer around the corner furtively, Mary has gone.
143) 0) text: Eva unloads her meagre groceries, picks up the egg carton drops it onto the counter with revulsion, it feels sticky The young checkout girl flicks it open. 132.
143) 2) dialog: (slightly unhinged) I’‘1ll take them as they are.
143) 4) dialog: I’1l take them as they are! She hands over her credit card.
143) 6) dialog: (just as loudly) Yep, I’m the only one in the state. She snatches back her card and the bag containing the glo eggs and strides defiantly out of the store. INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY Eva stops outside her run down, vandalized duplex. A kid with a basketball in his hand stands staring at the still-drying red paint.
143) 7) dialog: Jesus. She lets out a deep sigh; she had forgotten. A man pokes his face out of a neighboring door and shouts something at the kid, who stands stock still for an insta then scoots off. His father ushers him inside and closes door. 133. Eva turns into the driveway. She goes to pick up her groceries from her car, the bag almost bursts open, the g from the eggs all over the passenger seat.
144) 0) text: O.S. An abrasive scrubbing sound. A ladder against the white slatted wall. A watery red liquid rushes down in a sudden wash. Eva's feet appear as she descends. A stained sponge and a scrubbing brush thrown into a buck of water.
147) 0) text: The evening sun intensifies the already vivid red light i the kitchen, the strange hue makes the plain omelette sat front of Eva resemble a slab of raw meat. She stares at it, lost in thought, then she takes a bite. Reaching up she pulls a piece of shell from her mouth.
147) 2) text: Eva pushes away her empty plate, a neat ring of pieces of eggshell round it’s rim, drains her wine glass and reache for the bottle, a line has been drawn halfway down the la and she pours herself a neat glass careful not to go over half way mark.
148) 0) text: Eva almost catatonic on the sofa. Channel surfing. The Florida election debate is heating up and seems to be every station... she isn’t remotely interested, settles o the Montel Show. O.S. A woman weeping and the audience booing swims in and as Eva dozes off. FADE TO BLACK. ON THE SOUND TRACK...
149) 0) text: Eva’s feet crunch over the remains of the spilt pills, th crumbs clinging to her bare feet.
150) 0) text: Eva, now dressed for work but still half asleep dodges a viscous pool of paint that has dripped from the porch as heads for her run-down car. INT. TRAVEL AGENT'S - DAY. A cantankerous but indistinguishable voice garbles down t line, Eva holds the phone away from her ear. She picks at something caught in her hair, pulls it out a inspects it, a dried fleck of red paint, she crumbles it the floor. Eva feels someone hovering and glances up, an over-made u women sporting a “My name is Wanda” lapel badge waits by side.
150) 1) dialog: Okay, I’1l call back with the confirmation... thanks... bye.
150) 4) dialog: Ummm....I can’t...I’m off this afternoon... I did tell you.
151) 0) text: Eva pushes a button on the wall outside the entrance, an electric buzzer sounds. She waits. O.S. The clanking of bolts. The door opens and a paunchy guard, (AL, late forties wit smattering of raised brown facial moles) raises a hand.
151) 2) dialog: Hey Al.
151) 4) dialog: I guess you could call it a special occasion... 137. Eva is led through a series of doors and corridors. She's padded down and searched with a metal detector. Eva knows routine and the guards all seem to know her. Eventually she’s shown into a waiting room by Al, the doo closed behind her. She sits in the corner of the drab, empty room. She yawns, picks up a lone, well thumbed copy of the Nati Enquirer, glances disinterestedly, then tosses it back on table and sighs. The door creaks open, an attractive young black woman pok her head timidly into the room. Eva tries to raise a smil for her but she seems anxious to avoid eye contact. She creeps in and takes a seat in the opposite corner, looking close to tears. After fidgeting restlessly for a moments she gets up, bending to pick up the solitary magazine, she glances up at Eva.
151) 6) dialog: Go right ahead, but there’s not much in there... The woman manages a shy half smile and scurries back to h chair. Eva notices her hands are trembling slightly as sh struggles to turn the pages noiselessly. After a few moments she folds up the magazine and puts it down, casting her eyes around the room she notices the vending machine, standing in the corner. She inserts a few coins, types in her selection. A mechan whirring, a packet of M & M,s is pushed forward, it’s jus about to fall into the drawer below when the whirring sto the candy hangs tentatively in the air, it’s jammed - the machine goes silent. This seems too much for her, she rests her forehead again the clear plastic and lets out a low moan. Suddenly, Eva is at her side. She bends down and gives th vending machine a hearty whack with her fist, the M & M’s drop into the drawer and Eva fishes them out, handing the the black woman with a smile. 138.
151) 7) dialog: Works every time, just gotta hit the right spot... The woman smiles shyly, Eva finds herself holding her han their eyes lock; strangely it’s Eva who’s eyes are fillin with tears.
152) 2) dialog: You don’t look happy.
152) 5) dialog: What is it, going to big school make you nervous?
152) 7) dialog: Well you did such a good job, tried as a minor, out of your head on prozac.. You'll be out in a couple of years... He shakes his head in dismay.
152) 8) dialog: You know I saw you on TV
152) 11) dialog: Well I’m not sure about the thing but you sounded quite intelligent, now you only have to come up with something to say that isn’t...
152) 13) dialog: You do know what day it is? Why they let me come and see you on a Monday?
152) 15) dialog: That’s right... two years, plenty of time to think about it... She leans forward in her chair slightly.
152) 16) dialog: Look me in the eye and tell me why? Kevin can’t look her in the eye, his eyes shutter nervous between the floor and the blank walls.
152) 18) dialog: Thank you.
152) 21) dialog: (in a stinging tone) I see. I thought that was one of your most treasured possessions. Why ever would you give it up?
152) 23) dialog: She is looking at you. So is your father... every day. Kevin stares at the table, he shoves the box a little fur towards Eva, then removes his hand.
152) 25) dialog: Bury it. Eva nods gravely and weighted by the enormity of the requ they spend the remaining minutes of the visit in a heavy leaden silence until the guard calls time. Eva rises slowly followed by Kevin. As she moves to hug him goodbye, he clings to her childis as he never had in childhood proper. He mutters something choked into the upturned collar of her coat...’I’m sorry’ She’s not sure if she’s heard him right but she takes the risk.
152) 26) dialog: I’m sorry too Kevin. I’m sorry too. INT. EVA’S CAR - EARLY EVENING Empty highway, silence fills the car. Eva flicks on the radio. ‘the Remington fuzz away’.... Scrambling channels, news, talk shows, ads.... --.’an oldie but a goodie’ .---Are you lonesome tonight?... Do you miss me tonight? Neon signs reflected in the windscreen...Taco bell, Stapl Wallmart, swim over Eva's face... Does your memory stray to a bright sunny day. A church sign, a hand with a stop watch,’Lord teach me ho wait.’ 142. She pulls up outside the duplex. Turns the engine off. Si in the car. Do the chairs in your parlor seem empty and bare? Later, inside. She sits on the couch dressed only in Franklin’s huge anc rock T-shirt. Absentmindedly, she pulls the material to h face.... breathes in. Her purse, half open sits waiting for her on the table, t box visible. A gulp of wine. She looks at the bottle, it’s down to the halfway mark. Fuck it, fills her glass. Do you gaze at your doorstep and picture me there? Eva, fuzzy...puts her hand out to grip the bannister. The is no bannister. A door at the end of the hall the opposite end to Eva's, room we haven’t seen before, a pause, she pushes the door open. Is your heart filled with pain, shall I come back again? A small, cell like bedroom; a neatly made, single bed. No much else, sparse and impersonal. She places the little box on a bare shelf, beside the onl book, ‘ROBIN HOOD’. Tell me dear are you.... She smooths down the bed covers, stands in the doorway fo moment. Lonesome tonight? Eva turns off the light leaving the empty room... waiting FADE TO BLACK. You know someone said that the world's a stage, and each must play a part... 143. Fate had me playing in love with you as my sweet heart... You read your lines so cleverly and never missed a cue... Now the stage is bare and I'm standing there, with emptiness all around... And if you wont come back to me, then they can bring the curtain down...