2) 9) dialog: (to Eva) Morning.
2) 11) dialog: Sorry...
2) 14) dialog: (boyishly embarrassed) And you know why... He gives her a quick peck on the cheek and is about to tu back to the table when Eva pulls him closer and kisses hi deeply.
2) 17) dialog: Looking good...
2) 22) dialog: See you’ve got some takers...
2) 24) dialog: The next Donald Trump, huh? Franklin begins to load some film into a professional loo camera.
2) 25) dialog: Big job today Kev...Michelin tyres. I've found the perfect spot, Just hope the light holds out... Kevin nods disinterestedly.
2) 27) dialog: Hey I ever show you how this camera works?
2) 29) dialog: (trying again) That reminds me we should shoot a roll of you at archery practice sometime soon.... Capture that steely gaze and steady arm for posterity... Franklin slaps Kevin on the back. It’s a mistake Kevin flinches, his mask falls and for a split second Eva notic look of ‘revulsion’?
2) 33) dialog: (slightly subdued) OK. You’re on the record. As abruptly as he had exploded Kevin folds right back int himself. He pours some cereal into his bowl.
3) 2) text: I don’t know Franklin Are we doing the right thing? Maybe we could get away for a few days just you and me... (sensing someone standing behind her) Anyway see you tonight. I’1l cook something special. She hangs up and swivels round in her chair
3) 6) text: EVA (0.S.) (cont'd) Franklin....where the hell are you?... Pick up the goddamned phone... INT. EVA’S CAR, SUBURBAN ST. - EVENING Eva rounds the corner and slams on the brakes. An elderly couple crossing the road in front of her gawp her before continuing on at a snails pace. Eva drums her hands impatiently on the wheel...C’mon...C’mon.
15) 1) dialog: Aw crap! Franklin will swear at the elevator every time he enters loft. The elevator grate wrenches open and an exhausted and tot soaked FRANKLIN stumbles in carrying a large camera bag a knapsack.
15) 3) dialog: Our van broke down, twice. We weren’t near a phone...
15) 5) dialog: I did try. Eva looks doubtful, unimpressed.
15) 6) dialog: Jesus Eva, I’m surprised.. Eva frowns at him, confused. He turns his back on her, pu a beer from the fridge and pops it.
15) 7) dialog: ...I mean my wife coming home is hardly a special occasion these days... Something comes hurling towards him and he ducks, it hits wall and bounces onto the floor, it’s the novelty Spaniar and the lewd penis pops out. Franklin’s laugh is silenced Eva’s glare... but his grin is infectious and she can’t h but laugh too...they both break into hysterics. INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT. A pulsing red neon light from the Chinese restaurant acro the block strobes into the room, alternately bathing the scene in it’s glow or leaving it obscured in darkness. 17. RED: At first glance it looks like Eva and Franklin are locked in a violent tussle as they furiously tear each ot clothes off. BLACK. RED: Eva pulls Franklin’s damp T-shirt over his head and fall back on the bed, wriggling nakedly. BLACK. RED: Urgent and visceral in their movements as if they wa to consume one another. They roll around in a tangle then moves on top of him. She leans down, kissing his neck. Sh can’t get close enough. BLACK. LATER -POST COITAL. Eva is dozy eyed but contemplative, the trace of a smile her lips. The black/red light flashes on and off like a warning sig
15) 9) dialog: Is it safe? Eva giggles.
15) 11) dialog: Is it?
16) 2) dialog: That's great! He dumps her back down, kissing her deeply, then leaves h face flushed, bouncing up and down on the mattress. O.S. Him bawling out ‘Born in the USA’ over the dull thud the shower. Eva rolls her eyes at his cheesiness. Her eyes drift to the window, the sky is dark, grey cloud gathering ominously. Her smile starts to fade and is repl by a slightly apprehensive look. It starts to rain. INT. EVA’S OFFICE - EVENING Rain pours down a window. It’s getting dark. Eva sits in her office behind a glass partition looking o at a newly decorated space. Graphic pictures of exotic pl and enlarged framed covers of ‘A Wing and a Prayer’ lean against the walls ready to be hung. She watches as a painter folds his ladder up and waves to on his way out. A camp looking guy with a satchel bag hun round him, pokes his head round the door...
17) 2) dialog: Shit, sorry babe, gotta go... He turns and hurriedly grabs his camera bag. O.S. The sound of the elevator cranking open.
17) 3) dialog: See you later...I love you. O.S. The doors clank shut... Leaving Eva still standing legs akimbo with her panties r her ankles. She looks at her ketchup stained hands with disgust and wipes them on a dish cloth before bending to up her knickers. She sighs and starts to tidy the breakfa things.
19) 0) text: Franklin has his back to Eva, he’s dressed in an ancient rock band T and shorts, skipping in front of the blaring soaked with sweat. Eva walks to the kitchen area, flicks the switch of the kettle and reaches into the cupboard. Almost instantly Franklin is behind her, his sweaty body rubbing into hers
19) 2) dialog: Never mind, we’ll just keep trying hey? He takes her in his arms. Eva’s face visible over his shoulder looks less than enthusiastic. INT. LIVING AREA - NIGHT. Eva’s head visible over Franklin's burly shoulders is lod awkwardly up against the arm of the sofa, she winces a li as Franklin’s piston like fucking intensifies. “Ker-bang, ker-bang, ker-bang...”
20) 4) dialog: If you’re gonna do something... She rolls her eyes and pads down the hall with the glass wine still in her hand. 23.
20) 5) dialog: And easy on El Vino from now on...
23) 0) text: Hands straightening up the dishes on a beautifully laid o table until it looks perfect...but looking closer the han are shaking... PULL OUT; 24. Dressed in the simple white smock, with little make -up o Eva looks fresh and young. The picture postcard of a wholesome mother to be. O.S. The cranking of the elevator. She rushes to the kitchen counter, pretending to busy her with the salad, her back turned to the elevator. Franklin walks into the apartment, takes the scene in and immediately stops in his tracks.
23) 1) dialog: You’re pregnant. Eva turns and flushes. She can’t conceal her disappointme at having lost her big moment. She shrugs.
23) 4) dialog: Hey, c’mon, we’re in this together. He grins and picks up the cranberry juice, pouring himsel healthy glass, holding it up for a toast.
23) 5) dialog: La chaim! They clink glasses and Eva takes a swig, barely managing disguise a grimace at the disappointingly sickly sweet ta of the juice.
23) 6) dialog: Welcome to your new life! Eva grins, but as Franklin digs into his meal she looks w a little regret at the discarded champagne bottle.
24) 0) text: O.S. Franklin whistling cheerfully from the bathroom. 25. Eva pulls off her white dress and looks at her flat stoma in the mirror running her hand over it ruefully. TIME JUMP.
26) 4) dialog: Hey come and check it out, I got some cool stuff... Eva follows him looking a little forlorn.
27) 3) dialog: (whispered) Hey, shhhh, c’mon.
28) 2) dialog: You’ve got to be kidding. Selim Plaskett!?
28) 4) dialog: Yeah it has the ring of a kid that’s not related to me.
28) 6) dialog: ...my parents would have a cow.
28) 8) dialog: So that’s why you didn’t take it when we got married. You hate my name!
28) 10) dialog: OK tell you what if it’s a boy ‘Plaskett’, if it’s a girl you can have ‘Khachadourian’.
28) 12) dialog: OK ok, if it’s a girl Plaskett. But on one condition, none of this Selim Souvlaki stuff for the first name. Something AMERICAN. Deal? Eva laughs.
28) 14) dialog: Promise me you won’t go to work today. Eva is about to protest.
28) 15) dialog: (firmly) Promise. Eva nods imperceptibly. Franklin kisses her on the forehe then rises and heads for the door.
28) 16) dialog: Why don’t you fix up the nursery if you're bored. You’ve hardly looked at it. 29.
29) 5) dialog: What the fuck are you doing, trying to have a miscarriage?
29) 7) dialog: Awww...Stop feeling sorry for yourself and grow up...
29) 9) dialog: (quietly furious) It’s too late for second thoughts now Eva.
30) 6) dialog: (choked up) Can I? He leans in ever so gently, picks him up. It’s love at first sight. Franklin closes his eyes and presses his cheek against th baby’s, who stops screaming. Eva watches them bond, at a loss for what to say or do. Feeling remote from the whole thing... she looks blank/bored/lost.
30) 7) dialog: (looking up at Eva) Kevin?... An exhausted Eva nods almost imperceptibly. Franklin smil returning his attention to his bundle of joy.
30) 8) dialog: Kevin... (magnanimously) Katchadourian. FADE TO BLACK. 32. A distant wail, like a lone siren builds and builds into unearthly roar. FADE UP ON: the Tribeca loft, viewed from the street belo The sound of a baby crying resounds round the block... if the whole neighborhood.
31) 5) dialog: How’s my little man, huh?
31) 7) dialog: Any better on the feeding? Eva shakes her head listlessly.
31) 9) dialog: (instantly returning his attention to the baby) Well we want our boy to grow up big and strong don’t we? Yes we do.
32) 0) text: Franklin swings his bag over his shoulder as he leaves th apartment building. 34. He looks up to see Eva watching him from the loft windows waves and blows her a kiss before climbing into the picku
33) 0) text: Eva waves to Franklin and watches as he drives off, tooti his horn. A prodigious screech from behind her as kevin starts up again. Eva walks leadenly over to the crib and picks him up.
37) 9) dialog: Hey, sorry I’m late just got called in on another job. Seems I’m more popular than ever...
37) 11) dialog: I can’t believe this little angel could have been grouchy all day.
37) 13) dialog: I didn’t say that. She waddles towards him with the blanket still wrapped ro her, following him into the kitchen area.
37) 15) dialog: John’s a fag and fag’s don’t like babies. (MORE )
37) 16) text: FRANKLIN (cont'd) This whole city’s anti-child...I’m only just beginning to notice. Kevin rouses and quietly takes the bottle offered by Franklin.
37) 17) dialog: See? He seems pretty good natured to me...
37) 19) dialog: Touch warm. Go get some rest I’‘1l fix dinner. She shuffles back to the couch, looking a little crest fa at Franklin’s lack of attention.
37) 20) dialog: Look Eva...If you’re having trouble coping we could always hire someone... He plods off to the kitchen.
38) 2) dialog: I’m so sorry! You’re sick, you're really sick. 39. Eva’s POV looking up at Franklin’s concerned face looming over her. CUT TO BLACK.
39) 0) text: Franklin lifts Eva (whose clutching a huge bunch of flowe ever so gently out of a wheelchair and into the passenger seat.
39) 1) dialog: (tenderly) Is that OK honey? Eva nods, she looks exhausted but is clearly appreciating attention. INT. FRANKLIN'S PICK UP - DAY. Eva smiles, enjoying the feeling of the breeze from the o window as the truck pulls out of the hospital lot onto th freeway.
39) 3) dialog: Oh her... didn’t work out.
39) 5) dialog: Not exactly.
39) 7) dialog: After one day, can you believe it? Eva looks like she can believe it, Franklin moves on swif
39) 8) dialog: ..-But Siobhan has turned out to be a total godsend. INT. BEDROOM, MORNING. Eva wakes up, fuzzy and disoriented. O.S. The sound of laughter, a high pitched female voice. She pulls herself out of bed, the blankets have left impr on her face and her bed head hair stands comically on end
40) 0) text: Eva pads quietly into the hall, she looks up and stops . Hazy sunlight catches Franklin’s relaxed smile. He stroke Kevin’s head whilst SIOBHAN (21), a plump dark haired gir holds him, rocking him gently. For once Kevin is_not crying. It’s a vision of a perfect, happy family. She watches the scene for a moment then retreats quietly back to the bedroom.
45) 1) dialog: Well it’s never gonna change much... I supply the canvas someone else paints the picture you know?
47) 10) dialog: They understand speech long before they learn to talk. Eva turns to see Franklin standing in the doorway staring her stony faced. 45.
47) 11) dialog: I don’t understand how you can stand there and watch him cry. He pushes past her and picks Kevin up, Kevin instantly quietens.
47) 13) dialog: Too bad, we'll get someone else. Franklin walks towards the door, rocking Kevin.
47) 15) dialog: You can steer clear until you get your mind right, Or jump off a bridge, whichever comes first. He strides off to the kitchen, Eva trails after him.
47) 17) dialog: Since, i quote, “the little shit” has got mobile... that elevator’s a death trap.
47) 19) dialog: He needs a yard, somewhere to toss a baseball, fill a pool...
47) 21) dialog: You sound like a bumper sticker. You've had twenty years to do what you want and so have I... 46.
47) 23) dialog: Well you can’t always get what you want.
47) 25) dialog: Yeah that’s right. And there’s two of us and one of you.
48) 1) dialog: See you tonight. He doesn’t wait for an answer the gate closes and the elevator descends.
58) 0) text: Franklin lies in bed grinning broadly as Eva undresses.
58) 1) dialog: Wow, complete sentences straight off the bat? I’ve read late bloomers can be incredibly bright. They're perfectionist. Don’t want to try it out until they’ve got it right.
59) 3) dialog: Damn elevator... hey guys what’s up? He squats down next to Kevin.
59) 4) dialog: And did you learn any new words today, huh? Can you say daddy? Say daddy Kevin. Kevin shakes his head once, his mouth staying resolutely shut.
60) 3) dialog: Two months?...He’s only a baby! Franklin steps out of the bath and wraps a towel round hi waist. 53.
60) 5) dialog: And who’s gonna look after him?
63) 3) dialog: It might take a while Eva...kids this age... they think you’re never coming back. Kevin hauls Franklin by the leg.
63) 5) dialog: Hey I know what you want kid, Cheese doodles! Kevin stamps up and down.
64) 3) dialog: C'mon Eva, kids’re messy, loosen up...
65) 10) dialog: It’s just a phase. He’1ll grow out of it. Eva puts her hand over Franklin's.
65) 23) dialog: Can we not ruin our first afternoon together? Anyway... I have a kind of an announcement to make myself. I bought us a house.
65) 34) dialog: You’re only making it worse... Look if I didn’t pounce it was going to be snapped up by somebody else. Besides you weren’t interested. I thought you’d be pleased, glad it’s over.
65) 45) text: Franklin glares at her.
66) 0) text: Franklin drives down Palisades Parade. They pass a row of houses, each more revolting and soulless than the next. M
66) 4) dialog: Wait and see... She gulps. They turn off into a driveway THE RANCH HOUSE looms into view. A modern flat roofed structure of glass sandy brick, it looks like an institution. She hates it on sight... the opposite of everything she’d want in a home. Someone else’s dream home.
67) 0) text: The front door swings open, Franklin beams.
67) 1) dialog: Don’t tell me this isn’t dramatic.
67) 3) dialog: Wanna go explore? 60. Kevin lets go of Franklin’s hand and plods off unenthusiastically, reaching the middle of the immense living room he plops himself down limply on the polished floorboards with a glazed expression. For the first time Eva can relate to him, she feels like doing the same thing. Eva looks round the huge teak panelled space... not a doo sight... everything open-plan, nowhere to hide.
67) 4) dialog: You've got to see the master bedroom, the skylight’s are spectacular.
69) 4) dialog: Aw, you’ve earned it haven’t you kiddo. (ruffling his hair) Man that climb took guts, real little monkey aren’t you? Kevin shrugs away from his dad’s hand.
72) 0) text: Franklin has his head in a kitchen cupboard, fixing child locks to the doors. Eva struggles to fit a beloved old dresser into the next room, the space has no flat walls, nothing fits and the dilapidated dresser looks out of place amongst all the fr clean wood panelling.
73) 3) dialog: You’re such a snob sometimes...
76) 5) dialog: Kevin honey? Look at daddy, see how he pee-pees in the pooper- dooper?... Eva rolls her eyes, fat chance... she passes the open doorway, she can see Kevin watching his father.
76) 6) dialog: You could do that too... piddle widdle in the toilet huh? Kevin rolls his eyes lazily toward Eva. An expression fli across his face, Eva can’t be sure but it looks suspiciou like. “What an asshole?”.
77) 0) text: Franklin is in bed, his hands behind his head. Eva undres
77) 1) dialog: Jesus why couldn’t he just suck his thumb or something... Eva sighs. She takes her bra off and slips into bed besid him. INT. EVA’S NEW STUDY - DAY Eva pastes the last plane ticket into place on the wall a stands back brushing her hands together with satisfaction maps and memorabilia cover every inch of the walls, even ceiling, it looks fantastic.
83) 2) dialog: (about to brush it off) Well... Eva throws him a look, "We've discussed the ‘united front thing”.
83) 3) dialog: (changing tack) Look Kev... I know tea cups are girly and sissy but don’t break ‘em OK? It’s uncool... Kevin nods dourly.
83) 4) dialog: OK! fancy some frisbee... work on that bank shot?
86) 0) text: Franklin bangs a glass down on the counter and pours hims a generous scotch. Eva sits at one end of their new, whit sofa.
86) 1) dialog: He’s not her minder Eva, he’s a kid.
86) 3) dialog: For Christsakes how’s he supposed to recognize what ‘too far’ is, when all she’s doing is scratching! None of which explains why you let him squish around the house, all afternoon from the looks of him, plastered in shit... (MORE )
86) 4) text: FRANKLIN (cont'd) Does it occur to you that if this little scene was all that terrible, then he might be a little traumatized himself.
86) 6) dialog: What is wrong with you?... He moves to sit down next to her but almost lands on a hu smear of shit streaked down the sofa.
86) 7) dialog: Shit. He jumps up and plops himself down at the far end, his ha to his forehead.
86) 8) dialog: Look I’m getting pretty sick of this... and not because of Kevin. Silence. Eva and Franklin sit at opposite ends of the sof no eye contact. The shit-smear drawing a dividing line between them. INT. KEVIN’S PLAYROOM, SUMMER - DAY Kevin is slumped on the floor as Eva, knelt in front of h opens the page of a book.
88) 8) dialog: Jesus, Kev!. He swallows hard without chewing. He brushes the crumbs from his hands hastily and plunges his knees before Kevin.
88) 10) dialog: I can see that. How’d that happen? Eva looks flushed and woozy... about to confess.
88) 12) dialog: Where'd you fall? 79.
88) 14) dialog: Gosh...that must have hurt!
88) 16) dialog: Are you going to let me sign your cast?
88) 18) dialog: (quietly) Did I just hear right?
88) 20) dialog: Man, that must have given you a scare.
88) 22) dialog: No mother can watch their kid every second. She squirms.
88) 24) dialog: Sh-sh! A delicate trickling emerges from the hall bathroom.
88) 25) dialog: (whispering) What do you think did the trick, just the shock...or do you think he’s scared of landing back on that changing table? Eva shrugs... Jesus. EXT. FRIENDLY’S RESTAURANT - DAY Kevin stuffs his mouth with a giant banana split sundae. whittles it down in workman-like fashion. Across from him, Eva sits contritely.
90) 0) text: MAN’S VOICE (0.S.) You tell your kid it’s not funny! O.S. Muffled heated voices. Eva listens from the study...she walks to the landing, peering downstairs. Franklin holds the door open to ROGER CORLEY, flushed and sweating, slightly ridiculous in his tight shorts and expensive cycling shoes that leave him pigeon toed.
90) 1) dialog: I’m sorry Rog... maybe Trent was fooling around with the release himself and doesn’t wanna take the rap. Doesn’t mean my kid has to.
91) 0) text: Franklin hangs in the door frame.
91) 1) dialog: What a dick... 84.
91) 3) dialog: Yeah, he’ll be fine, unless he inherits his dad’s dress sense. (looking around) When are you gonna let me paint this room?
91) 5) dialog: What for? Can’t see he’s done anything wrong... Franklin wanders off down the hall. Eva's face, you never do.
93) 0) text: Franklin slouches next to Eva on the couch, Kevin sat on floor in front of them. Braveheart is playing on the TV, climactic scene... Mel is tied to the rack, slowly being eviscerated. 85. Eva squeals and holds her hands over her eyes. Through he fingers she notices Kevin look up at the screen casually, with no sign of reaction. He’s more absorbed in coloring the white squares on a crossword in black. She turns to Franklin who’s virtually asleep and looking as a button.
93) 2) dialog: Cf (coming to) Wha?
94) 0) text: Franklin loads the dishwasher moodily, his tones hushed b forced.
94) 1) dialog: «+-You got to be kidding..after the way it’s gone to want to do it again?
94) 3) dialog: You’ve complained about the poor kid at every stage of the game.
94) 5) dialog: He’s not difficult. He’s a boy
94) 7) dialog: Overjoyed? I’m shocked. I’m doing what I can to make up for... sorry if this hurts... your coldness but I’m damned if I’m going to let you freeze out another kid of mine. Eva looks stunned. Franklin slams the dishwasher shut with an air of finalit
96) 1) dialog: (sexily, from the bedroom) Hey! Get in here... Eva rinses and spits.
97) 0) text: Franklin behind Eva in the mirror as she washes her face.
97) 1) dialog: (furious but trying to keep his voice down) So when exactly were you planning to tell me? 88.
97) 3) dialog: Well I know you don’t give a shit what I think but could you at least tell me what this is about? Eva glances up at her reflection in the mirror. Franklin crashing around in the bedroom.
97) 5) dialog: Stupidest thing you could do to shore up a shaky marriage is have a baby!
97) 7) dialog: (reappearing in the doorway ) You just shook it. INT. KEVIN’S ROOM - DAY Kevin sits at his play table systematically breaking each the crayons in his set into pieces.
98) 0) text: Eva pours herself a small glass of wine doodling on a pad playfully. Franklin and Kevin on the sofa glued to CNN; the gulf war crisis.
98) 2) dialog: (over his shoulder to Eva) Sure, whatever you want... can you pour me a glass of that?
99) 0) text: Eva looks glowing and happy as the new baby suckles gentl her breast. A KNOCK at the door. Franklin and Kevin enter. Kevin wears am ‘I’m a big brother T-shirt’ clearly fresh the shop, he slouches at the side of the bed. Eva looks at tiny Celia in her arms with a doting express
99) 3) dialog: C’mon Kev, mom’s got to get dressed, lets go find some snacks huh? He leads Kevin away by the hand.
100) 0) text: Celia’s little eyelashes bat sleepily as Eva rocks her ge in her arms, her tiny hand grips Eva’s thumb. Eva ecstatic, amazed, she holds Celia comfortably, her ro face and wisp of blond hair make her look more like Franklin's child as she suckles quietly. The baby is done at her breast and she stands up, jigglin her a little and holding her over her shoulder to burp he As she wanders round the room, cooing to Celia, She notic an empty frame, the Amsterdam photo’s missing. She stops.
102) 13) dialog: Hey troops! Kevin flicks off the vacuum; the wicked expression on his face disappears, replaced by a cheerful smile just as Franklin enters the room.
102) 16) dialog: That’s nice hon. He instantly returns his attention to Kevin, Eva can’t he noticing.
102) 17) dialog: (digging in his bag) Hey Kev... check these out, came out beautifully.... Kevin comes over and looks through the photos excitedly, little too excitedly?
102) 19) dialog: Just a little famous. Eva stands at the counter, flicking through the paper Franklin's brought home. “OFFICE WORKER KILLS SEVEN OVER MISSING PAY CHECK”
103) 0) text: Eva snuggled in Franklin’s arms. The bedroom door swings open and Celia appears shivering clutching her nightdress between her legs.
103) 4) dialog: (sleepily) Jesus...you have to stop coddling her.
105) 0) text: Eva watches as Franklin, just back from work, his bag slu over one shoulder, comic books and presents under the oth pokes his head carefully round Kevin’s door.
105) 1) dialog: (whispered) Hey champ, how you doing?
105) 3) dialog: Errr.. OK, sure thing buddy, you get some rest... He closes the door and looks at Eva, disappointed, a litt jealous?
108) 0) text: Eva stands at the sink watching as Franklin helps Kevin, (resplendent in a Lincoln green hat with a feather and clutching an expensive looking toy bow and arrow) to set target at the end of the garden.
111) 0) text: Franklin is still munching his way through a huge plate o pasta. Eva leans back in her chair, a glass of wine in on hand; reading something aloud to him.
111) 2) dialog: (holding a hand up) Okay, okay, I get it....you can’t say it’s not factual... Eva sneers.
111) 5) dialog: Plaskett, but that’s my son. Has something happened?
112) 2) dialog: You could have caused a pile up, a fucking catastrophe! Eva stays in the background her arms folded, her face withholding something, satisfaction?
113) 0) text: Back on Eva's face as she pours herself another drink. O.S. The rise and fall of Franklin’s voice furiously yelling...then a lull. Kevin’s voice, quiet, reasonable, placating. Eva grins ruefully to herself, here comes the horse-shit. Franklin appears, much calmer, he sits down beside Eva.
113) 1) dialog: Listen, the whole caper was Lenny’s idea, he was only talking about water babies....You know how kids think that sort of thing is funny.
113) 3) dialog: Well they ran out of water babies...before he know it Lenny had pitched a stone when a car was coming. Kevin said he immediately told Lenny not to do that since somebody could get hurt.
113) 5) dialog: Jesus Eva...It was spectacularly dumb, he admits that. Anyway they ran, didn’t get very far since he realized running was crazy so he grabbed Lenny’s jacket to put the brakes on...and here’s the thing, it seems our friend Lenny Pugh already has something on his record so Kevin took the rap. I have to say I felt kind of dumb for laying into him like that...
113) 7) dialog: Sure, any parents got to admit when they make a mistake. Eva looks dumbstruck.
116) 11) dialog: Gosh, gonna have to come up with something to do that doesn’t terrify her, guess that rules out vacuuming. 108. INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY Kevin sits in silence as Eva pulls into the funky little course. It’s a freezing overcast day and Kevin sports his tiny white T. It starts to rain.
116) 24) dialog: Wow, you’re not looking very maternal.
116) 26) dialog: You don’t want to make him uneasy.
122) 19) dialog: It’s a Series 7, the guy in the shop said it’s the best around... Kevin holds the bow up to his eye expertly, looking down barrel, checking it’s straight lines.
123) 0) text: Eva lies against Franklin on a couch, bitching about the politicians on TV. Celia wanders round the room, poking i corners, looking under the table.
124) 2) dialog: Face it Eva... he’s gone to the big pet store in the sky...
124) 4) dialog: Dearly beloved... we are gathered here today...
127) 0) text: The same hospital corridor where Eva waited for Kevin wit his broken arm. The same green plastic chairs. Eva and Franklin sit in a heavy silence, clutching each others hand tightly. A coffee with a crinkled skin sits s on the table. A surgeon approaches with a sombre expression. Eva and Franklin stand up.
128) 0) text: The engine’s running just to get the heating going, Eva s shivering without a coat. An empty silence. Franklin knocks his head back against the padded headrest stares at the ceiling.
128) 1) dialog: I can’t believe you left it out. Eva looks at him stunned.
128) 2) dialog: I thought about not saying that. She licks her lips and starts to tremble.
128) 4) dialog: Eva. Don’t make me do this. You used that ‘Liquid Plumr’ on Saturday, I remember because you went on about how the drain smelled weird or something.
128) 6) dialog: Then how did it get out?
128) 8) dialog: Look, I realize you’re usually very caref...
128) 10) dialog: Do you remember putting on your shoes this morning?
128) 12) dialog: Because I want you to admit it...
128) 14) dialog: She didn’t need it, the drains were already clear...
128) 16) dialog: Here we go, something goes wrong, you can’t possibly be at fault so you point the finger at your own son.
128) 18) dialog: Kevin did everything he should have. He said when she started to scream, he came running and when he found out what it was, he ran water over her face and rinsed her eye as best he could, and then he called an ambulance, even before he called me on the cell...He was a star.
128) 20) dialog: Finished with what? His homework? His archery practice?
128) 23) dialog: That’s enough. I’m ashamed of you... She wrenches herself free, grabs the handle of the door, has to get out. She stumbles towards her car. 122.
128) 24) dialog: Eva! Eva turns round, tears streaming down her face.
128) 25) dialog: You know I’m not usually big on shrinks but maybe you should talk to somebody. I think you need help. Eva turns and hurries off to her car; arms clutched aroun her protectively. Franklin’s 4x4 squeals out of the lot behind her.
130) 0) text: Franklin with his head in his hands on the sofa, Eva froz in the armchair across from him.
130) 1) dialog: I’m sorry Eva, I can take the years...I just can’t take the days.
130) 3) dialog: Last out the school year if we can. Make arrangements over the summer. At least custody is a no brainer.
130) 5) dialog: (limply) There’s nothing left to decide. It's already happened. Eva notices a shadow cross the hall, Kevin steps into the light. For the first time he stands up straight instead o slouching, he looks older.
130) 7) dialog: Kev...don’t take anything you might have overheard to heart. It’s easy to misunderstand when you hear something out of context.
131) 0) text: Eva is sat on the sofa, she glances up as Kevin strides i the room, the distinct shape of his archery bag draped ov his shoulder, he’s followed by Franklin.
131) 5) dialog: Good to see someone inherited your business sense huh? 125.
132) 0) text: A door swings open, revealing Celia playing with her Fren toast at the table, behind her Eva in Franklin’s arms exchanging a brief kiss.