2) 19) dialog: Some days you just wake up with a sense of occasion. Kevin tucks the billowing shirt neatly into his pants.
2) 23) dialog: Yeah should make a pile. I can charge twice what I paid for these on the net.
2) 26) dialog: Right...
2) 28) dialog: Only about a million times. Kevin starts filling his sports bag with arrows and the r of his archery kit.
2) 30) dialog: Yeah Dad. That would be...great.
2) 31) text: (seemingly oblivious to Kevin’s disinterest) ‘course I’d have to shoot it on a long lens... you see the only way to capture...
2) 32) dialog: (Levelly) Listen, I don’t care how your stupid camera works. I don’t want to be a location scout for a bunch of crappy products. I’m not interested. I don’t want to play Frisbee in the back yard or one more game of monopoly with a candy ass one eyed midget. And I’ve had it up to my eyeballs with heart-to- heart father-son talks about aspects of my life that are none of your business. Franklin looks stunned, flushed with a tinge of anger. Ev meets his eyes and just perceptibly shakes her head. He silently starts to fit his lenses back in the case.
2) 34) dialog: Can you pass the sugar please? Franklin slides the sugar in Kevin’s direction. Kevin sta to heap a disgusting amount over his breakfast. An uncomfortable silence. No one makes eye contact, like polite people pretending they didn’t notice a very loud f Franklin studies the newspaper he’s already read, and Eva gathers up her purse and some paperwork.
2) 39) dialog: Never better...
2) 41) dialog: (noncommittally) Don’t know, might be tied up... Eva shrugs and picks up her bag, kissing Franklin briefly the cheek as she passes on her way to the door.
2) 42) dialog: Don’t you want to say goodbye to Celie on more time?
31) 0) text: Kevin’s face screwed up in anger and almost turning purpl from the effort as he screams incessantly.
33) 0) text: Eva waves to Franklin and watches as he drives off, tooti his horn. A prodigious screech from behind her as kevin starts up again. Eva walks leadenly over to the crib and picks him up.
36) 0) text: Eva looks exhausted as she pushes the pram out of the par the walk has done nothing to settle her nerves or Kevin's he’s still screaming blue murder. She passes a group of construction workers digging up the road. A pneumatic drill hammering up the tarmac. Eva stops on the sidewalk and looks down at Kevin's twist face, his incessant bawling drowned out by the drill. 36. She stands stock still, closes her eyes, drinking in the moment of respite provided by the noise. Passers by throw questioning glances but Eva’s oblivious to them all.
37) 0) text: Eva stands over the sink, sweaty and pale. O.S. Kevin crying in the background. She winces as she removes a breast pump from her tender nipple. She makes towards the cot, pauses, she can’t face it. She switches on the radio, Beethoven at his most jubilant blasts out for a moment it covers the sound of the scream Then the crying just gets louder. Eva turns up the radio.
37) 16) text: FRANKLIN (cont'd) This whole city’s anti-child...I’m only just beginning to notice. Kevin rouses and quietly takes the bottle offered by Franklin.
40) 0) text: Eva pads quietly into the hall, she looks up and stops . Hazy sunlight catches Franklin’s relaxed smile. He stroke Kevin’s head whilst SIOBHAN (21), a plump dark haired gir holds him, rocking him gently. For once Kevin is_not crying. It’s a vision of a perfect, happy family. She watches the scene for a moment then retreats quietly back to the bedroom.
42) 0) text: TIGHT ON SIOBHAN, she looks exhausted but still managing smile as she bounces Kevin on her hip, he’s screaming blu murder.
47) 0) text: Siobhan emerges from the bathroom. She’s straightened her up but still looks like shit. Much thinner than she was before and with dark circles under her eyes. She sits down at the table and stirs her coffee. O.S. next door Kevin has found a rattle and his xylophone begins a hideous discordant clanking.
49) 0) text: Eva stands at the stove fixing coffee, she feels eyes on back and turns. Kevin sits in the centre of the room surrounded by ignore toys staring at her silently.
50) 0) text: A shiny red ball rolls slowly across the floorboards and comes to rest between Kevin’s splayed legs.
51) 2) text: EVA (cont'd) large as a house, he’s as big as can be, not small like a mouse... can you say elephant Kevin? El-E- Fant... She looks up; Kevin sits a little way off, his back to he motionless.
53) 0) text: The red ball rolls across the floor again, straight passe Kevin who seems totally oblivious to it’s existence...
55) 0) text: The shower curtain slides back, Eva steps out and fumbles a towel. She looks up, Kevin stands in the doorway regard Eva’s naked body with vacant disinterest. She covers hers unsuccessfully with a tiny hand towel, unaccountably embarrassed.
56) 0) text: Foulke picks up one of Kevin’s arms and lets go, it flops down to his side like a wet noodle.
57) 0) text: Eva bends down, smiling broadly she tries once more... wa the ball in the air in front of Kevin before rolling it slowly towards him.
57) 6) dialog: I don’t like dat. Eva looks up at Kevin in total astonishment, the back of head illuminated by the screen. She rushes over, crouching down to face him.
57) 9) dialog: I don’t like dat. Turn it ov.
57) 12) dialog: I don’t like dat. She turns him to face her and places both her hands on hi shoulders. Kevin's piercing eyes fix on hers.
57) 15) dialog: No.
59) 0) text: Eva sits at the table trying to concentrate on some proof from work. Kevin sits behind her on the floor, surrounded a ring of toys. He picks them up one by one, examining ea briefly before flinging them across the room with all his might.
59) 1) dialog: I don like dat... I don like dat... I don’t like dat... 52. Eva throws down the page she’s looking at, she’s driven t distraction... she doesn’t like dat much either. O.S. The elevator arriving.
59) 2) dialog: I don like DA.... With a conspiratorial glance at Eva he falls completely silent.
60) 0) text: EVA is sat on a bench, Kevin facing her in the buggy, eye her moodily. She produces a packet of cookies from her ba bag and holds one out to him.
60) 1) dialog: I don’t like dat.
63) 0) text: Eva runs into the grubby airport, dropping her bags at he feet as she looks up at the departure board, panels flip like cascading dominoes...‘DELAYED’ ‘DELAYED’ ‘DELAYED’. No Air-con, waiting passengers bat away flies, dishevelle the intense heat. Eva covered in a film of sweat, finds the only working vending machine, no water left, only Fanta orange. She ta a slug from the drink. It’s warm and she almost spits it the floor. INT. JFK AIRPORT -DAY. Eva’s feet pound across the airport floor. She crouches down and tears spring to her eyes as she pul Kevin towards her and hugs him tightly, his arms remain a his side and he’s floppy like a rag doll in her embrace.
63) 4) dialog: Urghh...urghh Franklin laughs.
64) 0) text: Kevin shoots Eva a crafty orange smile and fists a cheese doodle into her lap.
64) 1) dialog: Mommer farted!..It stinks.
65) 2) dialog: Nyeh nyeh, nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh.
65) 4) dialog: Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
65) 6) dialog: Nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh.
65) 9) dialog: Nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh
65) 12) dialog: Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh...
65) 14) dialog: Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh... 57.
65) 16) dialog: Nyeh, Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh. Nyeh. The waitress returns with a tray and sets down their food Kevin scrutinizes her birthmark.
65) 17) dialog: That lady has poop on her face. Eva looks at the young waitress apologetically.
65) 18) dialog: Why don’t you clean your face, It’s poopy?
65) 22) dialog: Nyeh NYEE nyeh nyeh nyeh.
65) 25) dialog: Nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh- nyee 58.
65) 27) dialog: Nyeh, NYEH, NYEH..
65) 29) dialog: 
65) 32) dialog: 
65) 36) dialog: 
65) 39) dialog: 
65) 43) dialog: 
65) 47) dialog: Nyeh nyeh-nyee... nyeh nyeh nyeh....Nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyehnyee.
68) 1) dialog: You peed you pants. Two skinny legs and a skinny body stick out from undernea the huge scary looking African carved wooden mask. Kevin looks like a demented voodoo doll in diapers. He ho a squirt gun in one hand and waves it threateningly at th removal man who he’s just soaked. The guy’s powerless to avoid him, clutching a heavy tea chest.
68) 4) dialog: You peed your pants!
68) 7) dialog: NYEH-Nyeh? Nyeh nyeh nyeh NYEE-nyeh nyeh nyeh NYEEEEEEE! He turns and thuds off round the corner, out of sight.
69) 0) text: Kevin eyes Eva moodily as she puts his confiscated squirt out of reach on top of a cupboard. INT. LIVING ROOM TO KITCHEN —- CONTINUOUS - DAY. Eva struggles into the kitchen with a box of pots and pan Kevin is perched precariously, standing on the second she of an opened cupboard, posing as if waiting to have his picture taken, his hand fumbling for his gun.
69) 5) dialog: (deadpan) I’m the little Monkey. He strides out of the room, gun swinging at his side, wit the nonchalance of an airline hijacker.
70) 0) text: Kevin is sat at the table, systematically pulling all the stuffing out of a fluffy rabbit through a small hole in i ear. Eva puts a sandwich down in front of him.
70) 2) dialog: No. LATER. O.S. The toilet flushing as Eva emerges from the bathroom She looks at the kitchen table; the sandwich has gone and has Kevin. Huh? So that’s how it works.
71) 0) text: B.C.U. Eva’s hands smooth down a beautiful vintage map of Asia, as she pastes it like wallpaper to the wall and sta back to admire the effect. A pile of old maps, plane tick and postcards sits next to her on the floor. This is gonn look cool. 63. Kevin grunts and she feels his eyes boring into her as he stands watching her leaning slackly in the doorway.
71) 2) dialog: What do you mean Special?
71) 4) dialog: What personality?
71) 6) dialog: I have to put junk on the walls?
71) 8) dialog: I'd rather not. Eva sighs.
73) 0) text: Eva waits in the car with Kevin, looking at a row of phon shop fronts. A huge couple pass by stuffing their faces w burritos.
75) 0) text: O.S. Kevin can be heard smashing something up in his room Eva puts down a PB and J in front of the door as she pass 65.
76) 0) text: Eva has her back turned to Kevin doing laundry.
76) 1) dialog: I’ve pooped. Eva turns to him with a bright smile which instantly fall from her face. He’s shit all over the kitchen floor the poo clinging and running down his legs.
77) 2) dialog: All these squiggy squares of paper. They're dumb. 67.
77) 4) dialog: They’re dumb. The door bell rings.
78) 7) dialog: (quietly) Now...It’s special. Eva is completely awestruck. She snatches the gun from him and throws it on the floor, stamping on it hard until it’s in bits and the ink has ru her pretty yellow pumps. INT. EVA'S CAR, OUTSIDE MARY WOOLFORD’S PLACE - DAY Kid’s pile out of the house. Kevin sullenly gets into the car.
82) 0) text: Eva drives distractedly, Kevin strapped in the seat next her.
82) 2) dialog: She’s got a dumb name.
82) 4) dialog: (lamely) It slipped.
82) 6) dialog: Like what?
83) 5) dialog: (uncannily, eerily like a kid from a cereal commercial) Sure Dad! They bounce off together.
84) 0) text: Summer, nearly the end of term. Eva waits with the other mothers as the kids come out of school. 73. She notices the unmistakable bulge of a diaper on a few o the kids where there had been none before. Soon, most of kids are gone, Kevin has not materialized.
86) 10) dialog: What for?
86) 12) dialog: You used a calculator.
86) 14) dialog: Why would you use it at all if it doesn’t always work.
86) 16) dialog: So you don’t need arithmetic.
86) 18) dialog: Seven.
86) 20) dialog: Fifty three. Kevin stares at Eva in the eye lifelessly and drones in a fast forward monotone.
86) 21) dialog: Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnin eteneleventwelve... He counts up to fifty, hardly pausing for breath.
86) 22) dialog: Now can we quit? Eva looks stunned, she feels foolish. She sits down besid him and scrawls a bunch of numbers on a piece of paper.
87) 0) text: Eva, Kevin and DR GOLDBLATT walk down the long corridor. Kevin has a haughty expression on his face, he bravely ho his arm, a towel wrapped around it. Eva has her hand on h shoulder but he shrugs it off. They stop in front of the orthopedic surgeon’s examining room. Eva is about to walk in with them. Kevin abruptly t to her. 77.
87) 1) dialog: I can see the doctor by myself.
87) 3) dialog: You can wait out there.
88) 9) dialog: I broke my arm.
88) 11) dialog: I fell. Eva stares at Kevin in disbelief.
88) 13) dialog: I had poopy pants. Mommer went to get more wipes. I fell off the changing table onto my tonka truck. Mommer took me to doctor Goldbutt.
88) 17) dialog: Sure Dad! But first I got to go to the bathroom. He saunters off with his free hand swinging. Eva looks round her
88) 28) dialog: I wanna go home.
89) 0) text: Eva tentatively knocks on Kevin’s door.
89) 1) dialog: Not yet! She waits outside for a long moment.
89) 2) dialog: 
89) 4) text: Eva enters the room, Kevin is sat on top of his bed. He i dressed awkwardly. One arm in the sleeve of his pyjama to the other underneath it. She kisses Kevin's forehead, he wipes it off.
89) 6) dialog: Nyeh NYEE nyeh, nyeh-nyeeeeh! INT. EVA AND FRANKLIN'S BEDROOM - SUMMER AFTERNOON. Eva wanders round the room on the phone.
89) 10) dialog: I don’t like that, turn it off. Eva sighs and flicks the music off, resignedly. A long boring silence, interspersed with beeping horns an construction.
89) 13) dialog: What if the book is boring.
89) 15) dialog: What if they’re all boring.
89) 17) dialog: I think it’s possible.
89) 19) dialog: Dad doesn’t write. He drives around and takes pictures. 83.
89) 21) dialog: What if I don’t want a job?
89) 23) dialog: What if I don’t want to do anything?
89) 25) dialog: I think I want to go on welfare.
92) 0) text: Eva fixes dinner, Kevin skulks around behind her.
92) 2) dialog: Yeah well...he thinks he’s so cool with that bike. Eva’s face. Bike? I didn't say bike.
93) 0) text: Franklin slouches next to Eva on the couch, Kevin sat on floor in front of them. Braveheart is playing on the TV, climactic scene... Mel is tied to the rack, slowly being eviscerated. 85. Eva squeals and holds her hands over her eyes. Through he fingers she notices Kevin look up at the screen casually, with no sign of reaction. He’s more absorbed in coloring the white squares on a crossword in black. She turns to Franklin who’s virtually asleep and looking as a button.
96) 4) dialog: Mommer’s fat. Eva blows out her cheeks.
97) 9) dialog: Is this about fucking?
97) 11) dialog: That’s what everybody calls it. 89.
97) 13) dialog: The boy puts his pee-pee in the girl’s doo-doo.
97) 15) dialog: What for?
97) 17) dialog: No.
97) 19) dialog: What if I don’t like it?
97) 21) dialog: Just because you're used to something doesn’t mean you like it.... (Snapping the magenta crayon) You’re used to me.
97) 23) dialog: You'll be sorry. 90. The crayon snaps.
98) 0) text: Eva pours herself a small glass of wine doodling on a pad playfully. Franklin and Kevin on the sofa glued to CNN; the gulf war crisis.
98) 3) dialog: Why don’t they just nuke’em dad? That'd teach the Raquis who’s boss! Franklin can’t help but laugh, he ruffles Kevin’s hair, E rolls her eyes.
99) 0) text: Eva looks glowing and happy as the new baby suckles gentl her breast. A KNOCK at the door. Franklin and Kevin enter. Kevin wears am ‘I’m a big brother T-shirt’ clearly fresh the shop, he slouches at the side of the bed. Eva looks at tiny Celia in her arms with a doting express
99) 2) dialog: Why should I meet it? It’s coming home with us, isn’t it. That means I‘1l meet it everyday. He moves moodily towards the pitcher of water beside Eva’ bed, he dips his hand in it and moves towards the baby, splattering the drops from his fingers in the baby’s eyes with a clinical curiosity. 91. Celia twists, a little disconcerted but doesn’t cry. Eva glances at Franklin uncomfortably as Kevin dips his hand the water again. Eva tactfully moves her out of his reach
102) 6) dialog: Beat it Celie, go get me a soda. Celia dutifully runs off to the fridge, returning with a coke.
102) 7) dialog: Not that one you idiot, get me a Dr. Pepper... 93. She runs off again, Eva rolls her eyes.
102) 9) dialog: Thanks Celie... know who else is thirsty? Celia shakes her head warily. Kevin reaches behind him an picks up the tube of the vacuum cleaner and flicks on the switch, the machine comes to life with a roar.
102) 10) dialog: The VACUUM MONSTER! A high pitched scream, Celia tears across the room and cl on to Eva.
102) 14) dialog: Hi Dad!...How was work today?... Did you take any pictures of cool stuff! Any more loaded people's houses? Celia, breathlessly excited to see Franklin, runs off and appears seconds later clutching a piece of paper.
102) 18) dialog: Gee Dad! If our bathroom’s ina toothpaste ad, does that make us famous.
104) 5) dialog: (whispered weakly) Can you get me the spaceman ones, I like the monkey in the rocket. 96. Eva double takes, Kevin likes something!?
104) 8) dialog: Thanks Mom.
104) 11) dialog: That’s nice Celie... can you do me another? Celia nods and scoots off. Suddenly the expression on Kevin’s face changes, he jumps of bed and runs for the en suite... too late, he vomits copiously over the carpet. 97. LATER; Eva cleans up the last of the stain, wringing a cl into a basin. Kevin is in bed looking a little ashamed.
104) 12) dialog: (mumbled weakly) I’m sorry Mom.
105) 0) text: Eva watches as Franklin, just back from work, his bag slu over one shoulder, comic books and presents under the oth pokes his head carefully round Kevin’s door.
105) 2) dialog: Go away, I’m tired.
105) 5) dialog: Mom! Eva smiles a little apologetically and disappears into Kevin’s room.
106) 0) text: Eva sits on the bed reading from “Robin Hood”. Kevin lies quietly next to her. As she reads she notices him edge sl closer to her... should she risk it? Gently she lifts up his head and lays it in her lap, he l her. She strokes his hair, gently, incredulously. 98.
106) 1) dialog: Don’t stop reading Mom....
107) 0) text: Eva pushes Kevin’s door open. He’s already up, looking mu healthier, pulling on his jeans.
107) 2) dialog: I can dress myself. Can you leave. Eva looks taken aback.
107) 4) dialog: Whatever.
107) 6) dialog: I don’t give a rat’s ass. OK... Eva gently closes the door.
108) 0) text: Eva stands at the sink watching as Franklin helps Kevin, (resplendent in a Lincoln green hat with a feather and clutching an expensive looking toy bow and arrow) to set target at the end of the garden.
108) 1) dialog: Thanks dad, this is so cool! Kevin turns and aims at the window, the arrow clatters against the glass.
109) 0) text: Eva struggles down the hall, her arms full of laundry. Th bathroom door is ajar, she elbows it open. Kevin, (now 14, skinny, pointy faced but with brooding da good looks) stands hunched in the centre of the room, his trousers round his ankles, beating himself off fiercely. half empty pack of “land ‘o lakes” butter sits on the sid the bath. Eva gulps but stares at him squarely in confrontation, expecting embarrassment. Kevin shoots her a sleepy sly grin... but he doesn’t stop. Eva slams the door hard and stomps off down the corridor cheeks burning. O.S. A dry chuckle from Kevin. INT. EVA’S CAR, DRIVE - EVENING Eva, sat in her car, the engine running. She drums her fingers on the wheel, beeps the horn a few times. Kevin saunters out of the house, dressed in a pair of jea that might have fit when he was ten, they hover above his ankles, the zip doesn’t do up and the tight denim explici reveals his package. A tiny white T-shirt completes the l She beeps again, he seems to slow intentionally, casually opens the door.
109) 3) dialog: Lemme out here. 100.
112) 1) dialog: It was water babies Dad, I swear I... Franklin grabs Kevin’s upper arm and pushes him against t wall.
113) 0) text: Back on Eva's face as she pours herself another drink. O.S. The rise and fall of Franklin’s voice furiously yelling...then a lull. Kevin’s voice, quiet, reasonable, placating. Eva grins ruefully to herself, here comes the horse-shit. Franklin appears, much calmer, he sits down beside Eva.
114) 0) text: Eva emerges from her study, she hears muffled voices comi from Kevin’s room, she stops, listens.
114) 2) dialog: Yeah, well lucky for you I got Mr. Plastic off my back but you should have heard the scene in here Pugh, fucking nauseating, I though I'd burst into tears before a commercial break from our sponsors. Lenny sniggers.
114) 3) dialog: I’m serious pal... this one’s gonna cost you. Cause your low rent stunt could do my reputation some serious damage. I got standards, I saved your ass this time but don’t expect a sequel, like ass save II. Rock's over an overpass. It’s fucking trite man, it’s got no class at all. It’s fucking trite. Eva hurries off down the hall.
116) 0) text: Eva enters, Kevin is slouched against the kitchen unit.
116) 2) dialog: Nuh-uh. Eva has her back to him at the sink, a private grin. 107.
116) 5) dialog: What for?
116) 7) dialog: Like do what? Eva shrugs.
116) 13) dialog: Uncomfortable? With my own Mother?
116) 17) dialog: You know you can be kinda harsh sometimes.
116) 19) dialog: Yeah. I am. Wonder where I got it? 109. INT. MALL -DAY. Cheesy Christmas music is piped through the store as Eva examines a little scooter. Kevin looking thoroughly bored
116) 20) dialog: You know a couple of years ago, you give a kid some geeky scooter for Christmas and he‘d have balled his eyes out. Eva lunges at the chance to be collegial.
116) 22) dialog: Mumsy, get real Ciel would be scared shitless. You'd have to hold her little hand everywhere she went or you’d have to carry her scooter and all. EXT. MALL -DAY. They exit the mall without any shopping bags and head tow the car park. INT. BEDROOM - EARLY EVENING. Eva stands in front of the mirror, she dabs a little Opiu behind her ears and puts her earrings in. She takes a loo herself, she looks good. INT. KITCHEN - EARLY EVENING. Celia has tinsel weaved in her hair, helping Franklin arr fish sticks on a tray. Eva bustles in dressed in her hot pink silk dress.
116) 29) dialog: I was hungry. You Know....Growing boy.
117) 0) text: Kevin shakes his head to the waiter who shrugs and turns Eva, she’s quietly furious. 111.
117) 4) dialog: It’s going...You want my course schedule? Eva tries hard not to get annoyed.
117) 6) dialog: And what bands are you listening to these days? Next you can wheedle about whether there isn’t some cute little cunt in the front row that’s got me itchy. That way you can segue into how it’s all up to me of course but before balling the chick in the hallway. I might decide to wait until I’m ready...Right around dessert you can ask about drugs. Careful like, Cause you don’t want to scare me into, like, lying my head off, so you have to say how you experimented. Finally once you've sucked up that whole bottle you can go gooey eyed and say how great it is to spend quality time together and you can put an arm around my shoulder and give it a little squeeze. Eva quickly pushes her plate aside, abandoning the food s over ordered. 112.
117) 8) dialog: This was your idea. I never said I wanted to talk about a fucking thing. They sit in silence for a long moment. Eva takes another gulp of her wine. Kevin pulls a complimentary crayon from rustic jar in the middle of the table. He idly scribbles the paper table cloth.
117) 9) dialog: OK, I’ve got a topic. You’re always griping about this country and wishing you were in Malaysia or something. What’s your beef about it?
117) 12) dialog: Wow...that’s a whole lot of adjectives. Let’s see. He looks at his markings on the table cloth, ticking off list. 113.
117) 13) dialog: Spoiled? Well, You’re rich and can get pretty much anything you want right. Mmmm... Impetuous, well that’s a pretty good description of that speech you gave right now. Inarticulate....Lemme see. Seems to me I’m sitting across from the lady who goes on these long rants about reality TV when she’s never watched a single show. And that... one of you’re favorite words, Mumsy....is ‘ignorant’ ‘Trusting’ with no idea other people can’t stand them. He underscores that on his list.
117) 14) dialog: Well far as I can tell about the only thing that keeps you and the other dumb ass Americans from being peas in a pod is that you’re not fat and just because you’re skinny, you act self righteous, condescending and superior. Maybe I’d rather have a big cow of a mother who at least didn’t think she was better than everybody else in the fucking country. Eva sits in stunned silence, the waiter passes and she quickly signals for the check.
118) 0) text: Kevin’s door opens a crack. Eva peers in. No posters, no smelly socks, the bed made with boot camp precision, the shelves virtually empty apart from the cop Robin Hood and a couple of school books. She has a quick guilty snoop around but there’s not much find, a stack of floppies sit next to the computer and sh shuffles through them, weird names, Nostromo... D4-x... S picks one out at random, puts the rest back and slips out the room. 114.
122) 0) text: Eva knocks tentatively on Kevin’s door, holding the flopp disk. No answer, she pushes it open.
122) 2) dialog: You didn’t load it in, did you? Eva looks at him guiltily.
122) 4) dialog: It only takes once.
122) 6) dialog: I keep a collection.
122) 8) dialog: I don’t like stamps.
122) 10) dialog: There is no point...that’s the point. Eva turns to go.
122) 11) dialog: Mom? Eva turns back to face him.
122) 12) dialog: Your computer’s fucked isn’t it? 116.
122) 14) dialog: You know if there’s anyone you don’t like and you got their e-mail address, just let me know. Eva laughs.
122) 16) dialog: (jokily) Better warn them, you've got friends in low places. INT. LOUNGE, CHRISTMAS DAY —- MORNING The massive lounge is decked out with tinsel and a huge t Celia sits on the floor unwrapping a present, a large gla cage with a tiny, furry occupant. She’s ecstatic.
122) 20) dialog: Gee dad, it’s perfect. I’m gonna go practice... 117. He stalks out of the room, Eva watches him go uneasily.
127) 0) text: The same hospital corridor where Eva waited for Kevin wit his broken arm. The same green plastic chairs. Eva and Franklin sit in a heavy silence, clutching each others hand tightly. A coffee with a crinkled skin sits s on the table. A surgeon approaches with a sombre expression. Eva and Franklin stand up.
130) 6) dialog: -.-need a drink of water. 123.
130) 8) dialog: Why would I not know the context? He takes a single hard swallow and puts the glass back on counter.
130) 9) dialog: I am the context. He turns and leaves the room. INT. LIVING ROOM- NIGHT - WEEKS LATER. Celia is sprawled asleep in the crook of Franklin’s arm o the sofa. On the left side of her face is a flesh colored stick on eye patch. Kevin is sat beside him watching ‘My Granny had my boyfriend's baby’ on the Jerry Springer show. Eva carefully lifts Celia out of Franklin’s arms. INT. CELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Celia is awake as Eva slips her into bed.
131) 0) text: Eva is sat on the sofa, she glances up as Kevin strides i the room, the distinct shape of his archery bag draped ov his shoulder, he’s followed by Franklin.
131) 1) dialog: Dad Prozac’s not that big a deal Half the kid’s in my school are on some kind of anti-depressant. Eva sighs and rubs her hand through her hair, she looks stressed and guilty.
131) 4) dialog: Got these for a song off the net... I thought I’d make a bundle selling them at school... Franklin pulls the remote off the coffee table, flopping on the sofa next to Eva and switching on the TV.
132) 1) dialog: Gross... 126. INT. KITCHEN - LATER. Kevin picks up his school bag and archery kit swings them over his shoulder and leaves the house, closing the door behind him. O.S. The radio still playing...a new song comes on; Charl ‘I've been to paradise’... The music continues over the following sequence...no other sound.
133) 0) text: Hey lady, you lady, cursing at your life... It’s a beautiful day as Kevin saunters along the neat manicured tree lined street with an air of confidence. He looks handsome as the wind blows through his hair, his sh billows, he looks every inch the a promising young man... ‘Your a disconted mother and a regimented wife’
134) 0) text: A pretty girl glances at Kevin as he holds his arm in the in answer to the teacher’s question.
135) 0) text: “I've no doubt you dream about the things you'll never do The corridors are full of students. Kevin pulls a handful envelopes from his bag and posts them into labelled pigeo holes on the wall.
137) 0) text: B.C.U. Kevin’s hands as he fixes one of the huge yellow l to the double doors of the gym. 127.
138) 0) text: Kevin checks the door again and walks across the empty fl of the gym. A lone basketball sits in a corner he picks i and turns in one movement, shoots a perfect hoop... that was all net. INT. VIEWING GALLERY - HIGH UP IN GYM. “I've run out of places and friendly faces because I need be free”... Kevin's face, handsome and focussed, the best we’ve ever him as he fits arrow after arrow into his crossbow and fi again and again, their whistle and dull thunk just audibl over the music. “I've been to paradise but I've never been to me...” CLOSE UP the lone basketball is pierced by an arrow, nail it to the floor. It deflates slowly with a gentle hiss.
139) 0) text: The gym doors burst open, they’re surrounded by police gunman, fireman and paramedics. Kevin is led out calmly i the circus. Helicopters swoop over head, red and blue flashing lights illuminate the dusk sky. Parents teachers and others crowd round in awe, being hel back by more police and barricades. Eva's taut, pale face as she struggles through the crowds Kevin now handcuffed, is escorted to a police car and sat down in the back, the door closed behind him. Suddenly, Eva's desperate face appears at the window as s cups a hand against the glass to cut out the reflection o the flashing lights.
139) 2) text: As she stares through the glass. 128. Kevin regards her calmly, placidly searching for somethin her eyes. Whatever it is he doesn’t find it and they stare at each other silently for a moment before the car starts to pull away. One last look from Kevin through the back window, he seem pleased with himself, but he doesn’t smile. O.S. A scream, Eva turns to see Soweto Washington being wheeled out the gym, two arrows sticking out of his muscu thighs. Another gurney is wheeled out, a blanket over the body bu Laura Woolford’s expensive bracelets and hundred dollar Manicure are unmistakable on the one exposed hand. A scre from Mary Woolford as she breaks through the crowd and th herself on top of the body, sobbing uncontrollably. INT. EVA’S CAR - NIGHT Eva drives erratically, constantly hitting redial on her cell.
148) 1) dialog: They way I see it, the world is divided into the watchers and the watchees....There is more and more of an audience and less and less to see. Eva comes to, her face lit up by the glow of the TV in th darkness...pale and confused, she focuses on the screen w increasing horror.
148) 2) dialog: People who actually do anything are a goddamned endangered species. You need us! What would you do without me, film a documentary on paint drying? What are all those folks doing.. but watching me. Don’t you think they would’ve changed the channel by now if all I’d done is get an A in Geometry. Eva mouth falls open... ON THE SCREEN; we catch a brief glimpse of Kevin’s hands he tosses and rolls something between them casually while talks. 135. The camera zooms to one corner of the bare cell, a lone photograph taped to the wall, swims into focus. It’s Eva's favorite picture, the one that went missing. Young, smiling and carefree in Amsterdam. The TV switches off abruptly. CUT TO BLACK. O.S. THE BEEP OF THE ALARM CLOCK.
152) 1) dialog: Hey Al, you still got something on your face... Kevin is led in. Eva notices a change in his demeanor bef he says a word. All that snide condescension and the swag have fallen away. A couple of fresh scratches on his face his knuckles grazed. He’s wearing an orange jumpsuit- it’s odd to see him wear something not only the normal size but too big for him. H looks dwarfed, confused, bereft. His eyes have shed their glaze and tunneled to the back o his head.
152) 3) dialog: Have I ever? His tone is wan.
152) 4) dialog: I’m almost eighteen aren’t I. He rubs his face, something in his manner shows a glimpse his father, Eva winces. 139.
152) 6) dialog: (incredulously) ‘Nervous!’ Do you know anything about those places?
152) 9) dialog: Oh that. He squirms with a tinge of embarrassment.
152) 10) dialog: It was a while ago, you know, I was into a... a thing. He looks away from her. A pause.
152) 12) dialog: (wryly) Horseshit?
152) 14) dialog: Oh sure. It’s my anniversary. 140.
152) 17) dialog: (glumly) I used to think I knew... Now I’m not so sure. Without thinking, Eva extends her hand across the table a clasps his. Astonishingly he doesn’t pull away.
152) 19) dialog: Listen...I made you something. A - well sort of present. He draws a dark rectangular wooden box about five inches from his pocket, polishes the oiled wood with the wad of toilet paper it’s been wrapped in. Carefully he slides the box across the table keeping two fingers on the top, the workmanship is surprisingly fine. She reaches, but he keeps his fingers on it fast.
152) 20) dialog: Don’t!...I mean whatever you do. Don’t open it. Eva instinctively shrinks back. She flushes, a little shocked, a little horrified.
152) 22) dialog: It was like she was, sort of, looking at me all the time. It started to get spooky. 141.
152) 24) dialog: Anyway, I thought you might take this and, well maybe you know -