4) 0) text: A helicopter chops noisily in the air just above her. SIR GETTING LOUDER. The fuzzy car radio suddenly starts blaring out ‘HEY MICK BY TONI BASIL. She turns into the drive leading up to the school passing A group of teenage girls huddled together with their arms round one another in a strange tableaux. It’s getting dark as Eva jumps out of the car, leaving th door wide open.... VIEWED FROM INSIDE THE CAR, AS THE MUSIC CONTINUES... Red and blue sirens pulse eerily from emergency vehicles Eva stumbles through the lot towards the school. CLOSELY FOLLOWING EVA; Everything slows to a strange half speed, as if underwate Total chaos. Teachers, students and frantic parents in te or profound states of shock. Seconds take forever as Eva moves towards the hubbub surrounding the gym. 10. She catches the sight of a hysterical woman who we will l know as MARY WOOLFORD, a perfectly coiffured mother, but black rivulets of mascara running down her face, she look like a screaming clown. For a split second their eyes meet. O.S. The voice of a cop on a crackling radio... merges in an electrical roar.... Cops are gathered round one of the gym entrances as a fir works at the door with a cutter. A arc of blue sparks fly into the night. A YELLOW KRYPTONITE BIKE LOCK clunks to the floor with a sickening thud. Eva loses focus, the red and blue lights scatter into meaningless splotches. CcuT TO BLACK SCREAMS IN THE DARKNESS.
78) 0) text: A heavily coiffured woman MARY WOOLFORD, stands at the do holding a home baked pie. MARY WOOLFORD. A little something to introduce you into our community. Mary presents the pie whilst having a good nose into the living room.
78) 2) dialog: (looking Eva up and down) Wow, you look pretty snowed under... we've got a little playgroup going on at my place if your little boy would like to join.
78) 5) dialog: (slightly offended) Sure...I can see you’re busy. Eva closes the door and rolls her eyes, heading up the stairs.
79) 1) dialog: (phone voice) Sorry Eva, but Kindergarten's only a couple of weeks away, we just couldn’t make up the numbers anymore...
80) 3) dialog: Oh... thanks Eva, that’s... great. An awkward silence.
80) 5) dialog: Sure, take care... and thanks again. She closes the door. EXT. LOVE AND LEARN KINDERGARTEN - DAY. Eva jumps out of the car and rushes through the brightly colored playground, holding her careworn diaper bag.
110) 2) dialog: What about metal detectors?
110) 5) dialog: It’s not something to joke about.
139) 2) text: As she stares through the glass. 128. Kevin regards her calmly, placidly searching for somethin her eyes. Whatever it is he doesn’t find it and they stare at each other silently for a moment before the car starts to pull away. One last look from Kevin through the back window, he seem pleased with himself, but he doesn’t smile. O.S. A scream, Eva turns to see Soweto Washington being wheeled out the gym, two arrows sticking out of his muscu thighs. Another gurney is wheeled out, a blanket over the body bu Laura Woolford’s expensive bracelets and hundred dollar Manicure are unmistakable on the one exposed hand. A scre from Mary Woolford as she breaks through the crowd and th herself on top of the body, sobbing uncontrollably. INT. EVA’S CAR - NIGHT Eva drives erratically, constantly hitting redial on her cell.
141) 0) text: A huge woman struggles to reach into the depths of a refrigeration unit and pulls out a five litre tub of ice cream, slapping it on top of her already mountainous shop cart, piled high with groceries. Eva’s cart seems empty by comparison, a half loaf of brea and a bottle of white wine the only contents. She reaches for a carton of eggs and places them on the k seat of the cart, flipping it open to check for breakages they're all whole. O.S. The squeaky wheel of another cart turning into the aisle. Eva looks up. A woman about her age, in an outfit that ma have been fashionable ten years ago and appearing similar run down, is perusing the milk cartons, MARY WOOLFORD. Eva blanches with a look of shocked recognition, pricks o sweat dot her forehead. O.S. The sound of blood singing in her ears. She abandons her cart along with her embroidered Egyptian and wallet and dives into the next aisle.