4) 0) text: A helicopter chops noisily in the air just above her. SIR GETTING LOUDER. The fuzzy car radio suddenly starts blaring out ‘HEY MICK BY TONI BASIL. She turns into the drive leading up to the school passing A group of teenage girls huddled together with their arms round one another in a strange tableaux. It’s getting dark as Eva jumps out of the car, leaving th door wide open.... VIEWED FROM INSIDE THE CAR, AS THE MUSIC CONTINUES... Red and blue sirens pulse eerily from emergency vehicles Eva stumbles through the lot towards the school. CLOSELY FOLLOWING EVA; Everything slows to a strange half speed, as if underwate Total chaos. Teachers, students and frantic parents in te or profound states of shock. Seconds take forever as Eva moves towards the hubbub surrounding the gym. 10. She catches the sight of a hysterical woman who we will l know as MARY WOOLFORD, a perfectly coiffured mother, but black rivulets of mascara running down her face, she look like a screaming clown. For a split second their eyes meet. O.S. The voice of a cop on a crackling radio... merges in an electrical roar.... Cops are gathered round one of the gym entrances as a fir works at the door with a cutter. A arc of blue sparks fly into the night. A YELLOW KRYPTONITE BIKE LOCK clunks to the floor with a sickening thud. Eva loses focus, the red and blue lights scatter into meaningless splotches. CcuT TO BLACK SCREAMS IN THE DARKNESS.
26) 0) text: Close in. High heel shoes clacking in front of Eva, The back of a WOMAN wearing a trench coat like the one Ev couldn't fit. All male heads turn as she passes. EXT COFFEE VENDOR - DAY.
34) 4) dialog: Have you tried feeding him honey?
34) 6) dialog: Well... he sure sounds hungry to me... Enough. Eva slams a twenty from her purse on the table an storms off just as the waitress reappears clutching a steaming bowl.
62) 0) text: Eva locks eyes with a beautiful African woman who’s sat b the side of the road, suckling her naked child, despite t squalor, it seems like the most natural thing in the worl she looks like a serene Madonna. Her two other small chil make up a game of rolling an old tyre with a stick. Eva smiles at the woman who doesn’t smile back, yet her g seems to penetrate, making Eva uncomfortable. The woman b flies away from the baby’s mouth without dropping her sou eyes. The children chase the tyre screaming and whooping ecstatic delight.
78) 0) text: A heavily coiffured woman MARY WOOLFORD, stands at the do holding a home baked pie. MARY WOOLFORD. A little something to introduce you into our community. Mary presents the pie whilst having a good nose into the living room.
141) 0) text: A huge woman struggles to reach into the depths of a refrigeration unit and pulls out a five litre tub of ice cream, slapping it on top of her already mountainous shop cart, piled high with groceries. Eva’s cart seems empty by comparison, a half loaf of brea and a bottle of white wine the only contents. She reaches for a carton of eggs and places them on the k seat of the cart, flipping it open to check for breakages they're all whole. O.S. The squeaky wheel of another cart turning into the aisle. Eva looks up. A woman about her age, in an outfit that ma have been fashionable ten years ago and appearing similar run down, is perusing the milk cartons, MARY WOOLFORD. Eva blanches with a look of shocked recognition, pricks o sweat dot her forehead. O.S. The sound of blood singing in her ears. She abandons her cart along with her embroidered Egyptian and wallet and dives into the next aisle.
148) 0) text: Eva almost catatonic on the sofa. Channel surfing. The Florida election debate is heating up and seems to be every station... she isn’t remotely interested, settles o the Montel Show. O.S. A woman weeping and the audience booing swims in and as Eva dozes off. FADE TO BLACK. ON THE SOUND TRACK...
151) 5) dialog: May I?