0) 138) dialog: Hello, Nemo. *
0) 169) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 64 - EXT. WOODS — DAY 64bis - Exhausted, Nemo gets off a bus. He is going home, swimming bag over his shoulder. He goes past a wooded area. He notices his mother, or at thinks he recognizes her. We can make her out about one h yards away, behind some branches. She is taking a stroll, all around. Nemo hides. He moves toward her, avoiding bei noticed. He reaches a pond. He hears whispered voices. He looks th branches: he sees his mother kiss a man he doesn’t know. freezes. The man walks off in one direction. The mother a her jacket and leaves in the other direction. Nemo waits moving. He is as white as a sheet. 64A - Nemo is walking through the woods. He is looking fo man. He heads to the edge of the pond. He stops. A gust o rustles the leaves. Anna is sitting on a floating dock, t stones into the water. Nemo crouches down and watches her makes him jump.
0) 209) dialog: Hi. Do you remember me? I’m Anna.
0) 211) dialog: My father knows your mother.
0) 213) dialog: Have you been here long?
0) 215) dialog: You gonna swim? Nemo doesn’t answer. She takes him by the hand and pulls
0) 216) dialog: Come on. The water’s nice.
0) 218) dialog: Come swimming with us. They’re my friends, come on...
0) 220) dialog: Idiot. * Anna turns her back on him and leaves. She goes swimming others. Nemo looks at his feet. He hates himself. We appr Nemo, closer and closer. We draw close to his eye. reflection of a windowpane. We see a reflection in his eye... The
0) 221) text: 91A - A man’s silhouette stands out in the frame... 92 - EXT./INT. TRAIN — DAY ...In the window of a train is adult Nemo’s silhouette. H the train. A jolt of the train wakes the dozing Nemo. * "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 93 - INT. STATION — DAY Nemo walks through the station. The station clock reads 9 passes a girl with a shaved head who is panhandling. He g his change. A woman he thinks he recognizes is coming tow The woman is holding two children by the hand. When they by side, they look at each other. It is ADULT ANNA.
0) 222) dialog: Oh my god!
0) 224) dialog: How are you doing?
0) 226) dialog: Yes. Silence. They don’t know what more to say.
0) 227) dialog: Okay, well, see you around.
0) 229) dialog: You gonna swim? Nemo doesn’t answer. She takes his hand and pulls him.
0) 231) dialog: Come on. The water’s nice.
0) 234) dialog: Sorry? *
0) 236) dialog: No, I’ve got my period. I’1l stay here. Nemo’11 keep me company. Her friend walks away. Anna and Nemo look at each other a a quiet laugh. Anna moves closer to Nemo. Their bare shou brush against each other. Nemo gets goose bumps. He doesn move for fear of disturbing the delicate contact of their 95 - INT. ANNA AND NEMO’S ROOM — DAY Sheets. A woman’s naked shoulder. Adult Nemo is sleeping her. He caresses her. It is adult Anna. They hug. They put their arms right next to each other.
0) 242) dialog: I can’t believe them. Sometimes I wonder how old they are.
0) 244) dialog: Have they already slept together?
0) 246) dialog: I hope they use johnny’s. I don’t * want to end up with a little brother.
0) 248) dialog: Is your mum on the pill?
0) 250) dialog: You'd better slip it in her coffee in the morning. It looks like her hormones have gone to her head.
0) 252) dialog: It doesn’t seem like it would be much fun to know what’s going to happen. Like reading your life from a book... How do you do it? * Nemo closes his eyes. 99 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT Old Nemo is in his bed. The journalist is sitting next to recorder is still running.
0) 259) dialog: He’s not my brother. Nemo crosses the hall again as fast as he can, without be He goes into the bathroom, flushes the toilet, slows hims and comes back out looking half-asleep. NEMO’ S MOTHER There you are. Did you sleep well? He groans, returns to the study and gets back into bed - falling asleep for real, exhausted. The camera pulls back. 102A - The camera leaves through the window...
0) 284) dialog: You're mine.
0) 288) dialog: What?
0) 290) dialog: Do you see our future?
0) 292) dialog: Forever.
0) 294) dialog: No life without you. 111 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — DAWN Teenage Nemo wakes up, gets out of bed. 111A - Nemo and his father are in the bathroom. Nemo appl shaving cream to his father’s face and shaves him careful calm and attentive, his gestures precise. The blade slide his father’s neck. He finishes and puts aftershave on him
0) 348) dialog: No problem. We’1l wait.
0) 351) dialog: I love you more.
0) 353) dialog: Me more.
0) 355) dialog: Cheater. 121 - EXT. TV STUDIO — DAY Nemo hangs up. He is walking briskly out of the studio. H his keys from his pocket. He climbs into his car and driv He passes a cyclist, who is forced to brake. The cyclist lets him past. 122 - EXT. WOODS — DAY Nemo’s car is driving fast down a road that goes through area. In the distance, birds are bustling in the branches chirping away. They land on the road surface, pecking at Nemo’s car suddenly appears. One of the birds hits his wi 122A - Nemo swerves to the side, skidding. The car zigzag loses control of the vehicle, and it goes off the road, p into a river... 123 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY The car sinks under the water... Water pours in through t open window. There is no more air. Nemo struggles. Bubble out of his mouth. He strikes at the door in vain. His ges become slower.
0) 398) dialog: What did you say?
0) 400) dialog: Fast! Nemo opens the door a crack. No one. Nemo tiptoes down th We no longer hear sounds of love from the parents’ room, sounds of fighting. 136 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Breakfast. No one is talking. Anna’s father and Nemo’s mo not speaking. They are angry with each other. Anna and Ne at them discreetly.
0) 401) dialog: Everything okay?
0) 409) dialog: We are NOT brother and sister! Anna runs to her room and slams the door. Nemo follows he 137 - INT. ANNA’S ROOM — DAY Nemo bursts into Anna’s room, but she avoids his eyes. He the door behind him.
0) 412) dialog: To New York. In ten days. My father found a job there. Both of them are crushed. They don’t move. They hold each tightly.
0) 413) dialog: We'll meet every Sunday, near the lighthouse. Okay? Until we see each other again. For life. Okay? It’s not over. We still have time. We have to take advantage of every minute. They kiss. 137A - A little later. They are lying on the floor, motio holding hands. The sunlight moves through the room. They move. It is endless. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 415) dialog: They say that if you slow your * breathing, time slows down. The * Hindus say so. They stare into each other’s eyes, without moving, holdin They hold their breath. A little later, at night. They make love, almost without in slow motion. A little later. Through the window, they watch the sun ri branches of the trees dance in slow motion... They turn t each other in slow motion. Their fingers touch. We hear a dripping. * 137B - A drop falls from the bathroom faucet, its fall sl and it stops in mid air, as if time had stopped. 138 - EXT. SPACE AND MISC. — DAY The planets slow their rotation...
0) 418) dialog: (whispering) I have to remember the smell of * every part of your body. I’1l1 never forget. She runs her nose over Nemo’s torso.
0) 419) dialog: (whispering) You're the first and last person I’ll ever love.
0) 421) dialog: We’1l meet near the lighthouse. And we’l1l write. They kiss. They hold each other tight. 141 - INT. HALL IN THE MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Anna’s room is empty. The boxes are stacked in the hall. father walks down the hall. Movers take the things away. 142 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING Nemo closes himself in his room. He leans against the doo doesn’t want to see. He is crying. ANNA’S FATHER (OFF) Anna, it’s time to go... Nemo doesn’t open. He listens at the door. He kneels down looks through the lock. Through the hole, he sees Anna’s hears her whisper. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 422) dialog: I love you. A noise. Anna’s eye is no longer visible. The front door Nemo opens his bedroom door and runs as fast as he can to them. 142A - He rushes down the stairs. 143 - EXT. STREET — NIGHT Nemo reaches the street just as the car is pulling away. the two red running lights move away and turn left. Nemo to cut through on a parallel street. He runs as fast as h is out of breath, frowns, but runs even faster. He sees b the houses that he is even with the car. The car moves sl ahead of him. Nemo accelerates. He knocks over garbage ca fences on the street rush past. 143A - He reaches a major road. He sees the headlights tu the street and come toward him. Nemo stops, and without hesitating, steps into the road, spreading his arms in th darkness to stop the car. The headlights approach. The li blinds him, and he squints. The headlights come closer, w slowing down... They are very close. Suddenly, the two headlights separate and pass on either him. Nemo can’t believe it. He turns around. It was two s which are continuing on their way.
0) 493) dialog: Sometimes I tell myself maybe you live in the same town I do and I don’t know it. Maybe you’re here, very close. Nemo... do you still hear my voice? Nemo looks at the sky. He takes a picture of the clouds w Polaroid. The pool maintenance truck stops nearby. Nemo g When Anna turns around distractedly, he is already gone. 169 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — DAY
0) 534) text: We go into one of the compartments. Nemo, hair long, is s the train. 194 - INT. CITY STATION — DAY It is 9:12. The station is full of people. Nemo turns int hall as he does every day. He walks past a pile of boxes wall. He stops. A hand is sticking out of the boxes. Nemo approaches and picks them up. Underneath is the motionles Clara, the panhandling girl. Next to her lie a syringe an rubber tourniquet. The girl’s face is pale, her eyes open motionless. 195 - INT. CITY STATION — DAY A bit later. The ambulance drivers take the girl’s body a stretcher. Nemo is there and watches her go. He picks up jacket. He looks at the time on the big clock. It is 9:21 A gust of wind sets papers flying. Nemo sees Anna’s silho coming toward him from the end of the hall. He can’t beli eyes. She comes closer. She is heading right toward him. Anna look at each other... astounded. They walk toward ea They fall into each other’s arms, without saying a word. each other tight, looking into each other’s eyes.
0) 536) dialog: Nemo... They embrace. 196 - INT. NEMO’S WAREHOUSE LOFT — DAY/NIGHT Nemo and Anna embrace. They dance around Nemo’s_ half-emp apartment. They fall onto the mattress on the ground. The tirelessly into each other’s eyes. They make love. Motion they hold tightly to each other, naked, each holding the if to keep from getting lost. Anna smells Nemo’s skin, in inch. She smiles. They are lying in the bath, close together. They make cir
0) 539) dialog: Shhh... Gently. I have to get used to it. I talked to you so much * while you  weren’t there, it’s strange to talk to you for real. They are lying on the bed. 197 - EXT. CITY — NIGHT/DAY They are sitting on a bench. Holding tightly together, th It is night. Then the sun rises. Then there are a few car the garbage men collect the garbage. Then children go to Then people walk quickly on their way to work.
0) 540) dialog: I like it. I like watching time...
0) 542) dialog: with you. Then the trucks deliver their merchandise. Then the local eat lunch. Then the children get out of school. It rains.
0) 544) dialog: We’1l dry. Then people walk quickly on their way home from work. It longer raining. Then the restaurants light their signs. T evening. Anna and Nemo haven’t moved an inch.
0) 545) dialog: It was the most beautiful day. And * the most beautiful night. Thank * you. She kisses him.
0) 546) dialog: I need a little time. When we were separated at fifteen, I said I would never love anyone else, ever. I would never become attached. I’d never stay put anywhere. I’d have nothing for myself. Then one day I decided to pretend to live. They look at each other.
0) 548) dialog: And this is what I’ve been waiting for, ever since we were separated: renouncing all possible lives for one only, with you. But I need a little time. I’m not used to it anymore...to loving. I’m afraid of losing you again. I’m afraid of having to do without you again. I’m terrified of that.
0) 551) dialog: Call me on this number in two days. * You just have to say the word. I’1l * meet you near the lighthouse. I’1l be with you forever. But if you’re not sure, don’t call. T’ll understand. She kisses him. She gets up. Nemo hesitates. He looks at of paper. He watches her leave. She turns a corner. A sto rumbles in the distance. 198 - EXT. SKY THEN CITY — DAY High in the sky, a drop of water condenses out of a cloud falls from several miles up. It nears the earth, the city 198A - It falls between the buildings, approaches a man m on the sidewalk, Nemo, and lands on the small scrap of pa holding in his hand, erasing the phone number and leaving streak of ink in the rain. The ink runs over his fingers. runs over his hand, down his arm. An exaggeratedly large ink flows around his feet, in the rain. It flows all the the gutter. The scrap of paper is drenched and blank. 199 - INT. HOSPITAL — NIGHT Old Nemo is laughing. He is playing chess by himself. The journalist is listening and recording. - g5 - "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 667) dialog: Yes, of course. I’ve seen your show. Nemo walks away. He sees Anna’s puzzled expression once m 246 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY Nemo is underwater, in the car. Algae are floating around is struggling. He is suffocating, screaming underwater... emerge from his mouth... 247 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET - DAY Nemo parks in front of the house we know from his life wi A surprised neighbor stops to watch him enter his house. 248 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — EVENING Nemo goes into the house.
0) 676) dialog: They’ re for export. Labor is cheaper here. China has become way too expensive.
0) 678) text: Nemo is seated facing the big windows as other passengers board. He looks at Anna sitting next to him. Nemo is unse is Anna. They shake hands.
0) 680) dialog: Anna. Pleased to meet you.
0) 682) dialog: I’m measuring the distance between Earth and Mars at its greatest. I study time. You know, the thing that makes it so that everything doesn’t happen at once.
0) 684) dialog: The Big Crunch’ll start in 2092. People who can hang on that long will get a free run. And you? Nemo looks at the urn tied to his bag.
0) 686) text: Nemo, long hair in a ponytail, is asleep on a bench near lighthouse. Adult Anna comes toward him. Nemo is levitati inches above the bench. Anna touches his shoulder. Nemo wakes with a start. He is no longer levitating. He i on the bench. Anna isn’t there. He sits up slowly. He loo where he saw Anna in his dream. He takes a stump of chalk pocket and draws a circle on the ground. He opens a paper hesitates between a Danish and a chocolate éclair. Nemo s down and looks at the circle. He closes his eyes, concent
0) 690) dialog: 
0) 692) dialog: Nemo... 258 - EXT. ANNA’S STREET — DAY she smiles, Nemo — the widow - is behind the wheel of his car. He slo reaches Anna’s house. It is number “12358.” He stops. He leave her house with her children. He gets out of his car
0) 694) dialog: Hello...
0) 696) dialog: Yes, that’s right...
0) 698) dialog: That’s called déja vu. You should know what that is. They say that there’s a small zone in the brain, the ‘“rhinal cortex ", that registers new objects in the environment. If for a moment that zone is inactive, everything new seems familiar to you.
0) 704) dialog: Please excuse me... some other time, perhaps. I... I have to go... Anna gets into her car and drives away. Nemo hears a voic ANNA’S NEIGHBOR Nemo?! Nemo turns around. He sees someone he doesn’t recognize. stranger seems to be in shock. ANNA’S NEIGHBOR (CONT.) Wow, I heard that you were dead! That you drowned...
0) 707) text: Nemo is looking at Anna. An alarm suddenly goes off. Warn lights start flashing.
0) 756) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 279 - INT. ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE - DAY The interior is a mess of dust and stray cats. Light filt through the planks. Nemo comes to the living room, in whi is only one chair, a television set, and a coffee table. to the table. He sees the psychiatrist’s futuristic video recording equipment. He blows off the dust and presses a An image appears. 279A - It is old Nemo, against a neutral background, sitt table, a sheet of paper in front of him. He is looking at camera. Next to the TV set, a small camera begins recordi moment, the image runs backwards, then stops, and starts forward.
0) 781) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 282 - EXT. STREET OF ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE — DAY Nemo emerges from the house. He looks at it. He sees hims standing behind the window, waving good-bye. A shadow app above him, enormous. 282A - Nemo sees a gigantic foot descend from the sky and the house, which shatters. It is only a model. Nemo runs the hills. 283 - EXT. HILLSIDE — EVENING Nemo is climbing the hill, out of breath. The city is beh in the low-angled light of the setting sun. He goes pas t letters spelling out: “NEMO, CALL 123-581-1321.” When he the summit, Nemo sees the sun. 283A - It is hanging from enormous cables connected to a winch that hundreds of stagehands are turning to produce sunset. Two nurses in smocks catch up to Nemo and grab hi 284 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — NIGHT The journalist is looking at old Nemo in silence. He is s Nemo has finished. We hear a repeating sound: the tape re end of the reel a while back, but it is still turning, fl The journalist finally notices.
0) 792) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 He looks toward his mother:... A - The three little girls the train trip with his mother... C - an electric train i mother’s apartment... D - We leave the apartment through window and find ourselves on the beach with teenage Anna. picture of the beach hanging in Nemo’s room as he lies sl with Anna... F - We approach Anna’s face, who is no longe bed but in a car carrying her away... G - Adult Nemo meet again... H - The drop of rain erasing the phone number... in the studio recording the science program... J - Adult the phone, surrounded by children... K - Adult Nemo drivi car... L - The accident... M - Nemo prisoner in his car, underwater, drowning... On the station platform, child Nemo turns toward his fath Another series of flashes appears to him... N - The three girls... O - Child Nemo leaving the station with his fath The paraplegic father who teenage Nemo bathes... Q - The with teenage Elise... R - The motorcycle accident... S - Nemo in a coma in the hospital... T - Adult Nemo taking c bedridden adult Elise... U - Elise packing her bag and le V - Nemo living with Jean... W- The hand over the candle. The train racing toward Nemo... Y¥Y - The meeting with Cl Widowed Nemo, alone in his bed... Al - Widowed Anna... Bl Astronaut Nemo in the spaceship... Cl - The exploding roc bicycles in space... D1 - Nemo in his bath, the shot... E Nemo’s body thrown into the bushes... Child Nemo, overwhelmed by these visions, stares wide-eye 286 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — DAWN Old Nemo pushes his chess game away and gets up.
0) 798) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 290C - A drop of rain forms in the clouds and falls to th Adult Anna writes her number on a scrap of paper and give Nemo. The drop lands on Nemo’s shoe. 290D - Adult Nemo is waiting for Anna. He looks at the ch circle on the ground. Anna is arriving in the distance. T toward each other, then run until they meet in the chalk They embrace. They cry for joy. We circle around them.
0) 808) text: Then, slowly, the universe reverses its movement. It fold on itself. The planets start moving again, in the opposit direction. The Big Crunch. 295 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY On the hospital clock, the seconds start moving in the op direction. A - In the street, people walk backwards down the sidewal Dead leaves go back up into the trees and reattach themse Rain goes back up into the sky. D - The broken vase on th becomes whole again and returns to the hands of Nemo’s fa Smoke from a cigarette goes back into the cigarette. F - swirls of a drop of ink diluted in a glass of water come together. G - The mashed potatoes and gravy separate in b Nemo’s plate. H - In the cookie factory, the piece of egg reattaches to the shell, now whole. I - A typewriter eras letters from a page, leaving only a white sheet of paper. maternity ward, a baby goes back into its mother’s belly. 296 - INT. HOSPITAL — DAY Old Nemo’s heart begins beating again. He opens his eyes, surprised. The nurses, stunned, walk backwards out of the Nemo laughs. He gets up and leaves the room, backwards. 297 - EXT. STREET — DAY Nemo is walking backwards down the street, smiling. 297A - He has grown young again. 298 - EXT. STREET — DAY Adult Nemo looking at Anna’s phone number, which is no lo visible. The rain pulls itself from puddles on the ground to go back up into the sky. A drop of water leaves the sc paper and the ink reforms the digits of the telephone num sees Anna arriving, walking backwards. They embrace and l together, backwards. 299 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (1988) — DAY Nemo is motionless, in a coma. Suddenly, a finger moves, two...
0) 809) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 300 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY A bubble of water descends through the water and slips be Nemo’s lips as he is motionless in his car. Nemo begins b again. 301 - EXT. CITY — DAY Adult Nemo, in reverse, hangs the “NOW” poster across fro hospital. 302 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY Adult Nemo, dressed as a mail carrier, in reverse, slips envelope containing the picture of Nemo and Jean under th Nemo and Elise’s house. 303 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Teenage Nemo is at the foot of Anna’s bed. Nemo’s body is from the floor and slips back into Anna’s bed, into her a roll together, embracing. 304 - EXT. YARD OF THE FATHER’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo’s father is painting the clouds. The colors come off canvas and go back onto the brush. The father finishes. H the blank canvas. 305 - EXT. BESIDE A LAKE — DAY Child Anna is sitting beside a lake, on a dock. Stones em the water to land in her hand. Suddenly, a stone emerges water right next to her. She turns around, smiling. Child comes toward her. They play together by the water, laughi