0) 56) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 18 - INT. OLD NEMO’S HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY Old Nemo is watching television, stunned. He sees his own through the window. On the other side of the window, seve miniaturized cameras float in the air. Nemo presses a but window becomes opaque, displaying a repeating image of th of the sea, like a screen-saver. 19 - EXT. TV IMAGE — DAY
0) 65) text: DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF) Remember the day you came here... Three. You’re sleeping. Adult Nemo wakes with a start. He is lying on a bed and l around. We’ve never seen the room before, and it is extre clean and neat. Nemo notices a price tag on the bedside l takes his clothes from the chair. He gets dressed as he l around. A couple enters the room, in their coats, holding a child hand. They look at Nemo with surprise. We are in an immen showroom of bedroom furniture. Distraught, Nemo walks thr store, hurrying to the exit. 23 - EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE SHOWROOM — DAY Nemo leaves the showroom. The street is strangely empty, car, not a single passerby. Across the street, a swing ha from a tree branch swings from left to right. A movement the pendulum. DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF) ...Remember even further’ back... when I say three... one... two... three. Nemo looks up. In the sky, a small plane is pulling an ad streamer. Written on it: “SLEEP.” 24 - EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM — DAY Short flashes in the dark. Child Nemo is seven. He is run the platform trying to catch a departing train.
0) 119) text: The body of adult Nemo in the morgue. He is wearing just which is too small. A police officer is smoking a cigaret to him. The scene is shot in reverse, the smoke going int cigarette. A woman identifies the body. It is Jean. She i a handkerchief. A tear goes back up to her eye. 37 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT (cont. )
0) 182) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 Nemo stumbles, steps on his shoelace. He stays on the pla with his father. We follow a butterfly circling up into t 75 - INT. SHOE FACTORY — DAY A butterfly flutters past the window. In the office of a factory, the director is studying several grades of shoel presented to him by a supplier.
0) 190) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 83 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING Nemo is sitting at the table. Laughter, small talk. The m invited Harry, the man Nemo saw her with in the woods. Ha pretending to be at ease. Nemo stares at him without blin Harry tries to smile, but does not get a smile in return.
0) 207) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 88 - EXT. WOODS — DAY Police officers are searching some bushes. They find Nemo He is missing a shoe. The scene is shot backwards, all th movements are in reverse. 89 - INT. CITY SCHOOL — DAY Fourteen-year-old Nemo is in a classroom, in the city whe lives with his mother.
0) 466) dialog: A pea in an elevator. It’s not funny. Old people humour.
0) 472) text: I talk to you all the time. have face. in my mind, trouble So I inch by until I can see you again... — DAY It is snowing outside. Movers the mother directs them. The door. She discretely tears up are carrying boxes from the house as mother picks up the mail under the a letter and throws it away. 162 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY/NIGHT Nemo slips an envelope into a mailbox. 162A - We see the path the letter follows. The address is optically scanned. The letter enters an automated routing It is bundled with other letters, all tied together. The thrown in with others in big canvas bags. The bags are transported. The bags are opened. The strings around the are cut. The letters are sorted into small slots. A stamp letter: “NO LONGER AT THIS ADDRESS.” 163 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING Nemo is holding the letter. The apartment is almost empty at the table, across from his mother. His eyes are red fr crying. He stares at his plate with no appetite.
0) 534) text: We go into one of the compartments. Nemo, hair long, is s the train. 194 - INT. CITY STATION — DAY It is 9:12. The station is full of people. Nemo turns int hall as he does every day. He walks past a pile of boxes wall. He stops. A hand is sticking out of the boxes. Nemo approaches and picks them up. Underneath is the motionles Clara, the panhandling girl. Next to her lie a syringe an rubber tourniquet. The girl’s face is pale, her eyes open motionless. 195 - INT. CITY STATION — DAY A bit later. The ambulance drivers take the girl’s body a stretcher. Nemo is there and watches her go. He picks up jacket. He looks at the time on the big clock. It is 9:21 A gust of wind sets papers flying. Nemo sees Anna’s silho coming toward him from the end of the hall. He can’t beli eyes. She comes closer. She is heading right toward him. Anna look at each other... astounded. They walk toward ea They fall into each other’s arms, without saying a word. each other tight, looking into each other’s eyes.
0) 654) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 At that moment, the universe might enter its phase of contraction: the * BIG CRUNCH. What will become of time? Will it reverse? 241B1 - An image of a vase breaking on the ground, then, reverse, the pieces coming back together. 241A2 - Raindrops rise back into the sky. 241C - A baby returns to its mother’s womb. 241D - Images of a clock, cogs, a metronome.
0) 670) text: Bubbles floating to the surface. 250 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Nemo goes into a kind of laboratory in his garage. There equipment everywhere. A camera is filming an apple as it frame by frame. Nemo checks it. The light goes on once a He starts the camera, projecting the image onto a screen. wilted flower return to freshness... We see rotten fruit its original color...
0) 747) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 A man wearing a hat gets up from a bench in reverse time, his newspaper: The Newport News. Nemo opens it. His eyes to an article about a car accident. We see a picture of a pulling a car from a river. Nemo skims the article... He an ordinary sentence in the middle of the text: “NEMO, tu page 5.” He opens to page five. Written there is “turn ar turns around. 277B - On the outskirts of town stands a cliff, overlooki whole landscape. Enormous letters are carved: “NEMO, CALL 1321.” Nemo goes to a phone booth. He drops in a coin, dials the A voice answers. His own voice.
0) 781) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 282 - EXT. STREET OF ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE — DAY Nemo emerges from the house. He looks at it. He sees hims standing behind the window, waving good-bye. A shadow app above him, enormous. 282A - Nemo sees a gigantic foot descend from the sky and the house, which shatters. It is only a model. Nemo runs the hills. 283 - EXT. HILLSIDE — EVENING Nemo is climbing the hill, out of breath. The city is beh in the low-angled light of the setting sun. He goes pas t letters spelling out: “NEMO, CALL 123-581-1321.” When he the summit, Nemo sees the sun. 283A - It is hanging from enormous cables connected to a winch that hundreds of stagehands are turning to produce sunset. Two nurses in smocks catch up to Nemo and grab hi 284 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — NIGHT The journalist is looking at old Nemo in silence. He is s Nemo has finished. We hear a repeating sound: the tape re end of the reel a while back, but it is still turning, fl The journalist finally notices.
0) 786) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 OLD NEMO (cont'd) “Everything could have been anything else and it would have just as much meaning.” Tennessee Williams. You’re too young for * that.
0) 806) text: The planets slow their progress around the sun. They free “universe” ceases to expand. The universe freezes. 293 - EXT. STREET — DAY On Earth, in the streets, everything has stopped moving: frozen in mid leap, passersby immobilize, feet in the air in a fountain...
0) 808) text: Then, slowly, the universe reverses its movement. It fold on itself. The planets start moving again, in the opposit direction. The Big Crunch. 295 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY On the hospital clock, the seconds start moving in the op direction. A - In the street, people walk backwards down the sidewal Dead leaves go back up into the trees and reattach themse Rain goes back up into the sky. D - The broken vase on th becomes whole again and returns to the hands of Nemo’s fa Smoke from a cigarette goes back into the cigarette. F - swirls of a drop of ink diluted in a glass of water come together. G - The mashed potatoes and gravy separate in b Nemo’s plate. H - In the cookie factory, the piece of egg reattaches to the shell, now whole. I - A typewriter eras letters from a page, leaving only a white sheet of paper. maternity ward, a baby goes back into its mother’s belly. 296 - INT. HOSPITAL — DAY Old Nemo’s heart begins beating again. He opens his eyes, surprised. The nurses, stunned, walk backwards out of the Nemo laughs. He gets up and leaves the room, backwards. 297 - EXT. STREET — DAY Nemo is walking backwards down the street, smiling. 297A - He has grown young again. 298 - EXT. STREET — DAY Adult Nemo looking at Anna’s phone number, which is no lo visible. The rain pulls itself from puddles on the ground to go back up into the sky. A drop of water leaves the sc paper and the ink reforms the digits of the telephone num sees Anna arriving, walking backwards. They embrace and l together, backwards. 299 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (1988) — DAY Nemo is motionless, in a coma. Suddenly, a finger moves, two...
0) 809) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 300 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY A bubble of water descends through the water and slips be Nemo’s lips as he is motionless in his car. Nemo begins b again. 301 - EXT. CITY — DAY Adult Nemo, in reverse, hangs the “NOW” poster across fro hospital. 302 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY Adult Nemo, dressed as a mail carrier, in reverse, slips envelope containing the picture of Nemo and Jean under th Nemo and Elise’s house. 303 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Teenage Nemo is at the foot of Anna’s bed. Nemo’s body is from the floor and slips back into Anna’s bed, into her a roll together, embracing. 304 - EXT. YARD OF THE FATHER’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo’s father is painting the clouds. The colors come off canvas and go back onto the brush. The father finishes. H the blank canvas. 305 - EXT. BESIDE A LAKE — DAY Child Anna is sitting beside a lake, on a dock. Stones em the water to land in her hand. Suddenly, a stone emerges water right next to her. She turns around, smiling. Child comes toward her. They play together by the water, laughi