0) 49) dialog: (aggravated) The code, Nemo... Do you remember the code? 12 - FLASH — EXT. STREET, ADULT ANNA — DAY Bits of numbers. Then the number “12358” on the facade of 13 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY Old Nemo is sleeping. Sensors are hooked up to his forehe connected to a machine. Numbers run by. Needles are movin and forth, drawing peaks on the paper. Two white shadows him.
0) 84) dialog: Well, I can tell you how we met. It was meant to be. Have you heard of the butterfly effect? 28 - EXT. JAPAN — DAY It is springtime in Japan. A few Japanese are walking thr park. A butterfly is perched on a flower. It flaps its wi flies away. The wind blows gently through the leaves of a 28A - Clouds move in the sky. The air current merges with from the sea... 29 - EXT. OCEAN — DAY ...We are flying above the ocean, among the clouds... The merge with other clouds. The weather becomes stormy... 30 - EXT. CHILD NEMO’S STREET — DAY ...We descend over a small town in England. It is autumn. twirls, floats over the rooftops... We follow it. 30A - It flies over NEMO’S FATHER. A young woman is going other way, NEMO’S MOTHER. The leaf lands right at Nemo’s feet, and he slips and falls. The young woman runs to hel up. They look into each other’s eyes. Love at first sight of lighting in the sky.
0) 96) dialog: An anticyclone moving in from the Azores tomorrow will bring clear skies through the weekend, so get * those barbecues out! * -17- "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 34 - EXT. CHILD NEMO’S STREET (1977) — DAY Thunderclap in a grey sky. Nemo is walking down the sidew holding his father’s hand. It suddenly starts pouring. Th opens an umbrella. They pass some women neighbours on the sidewalk as they bring in a table and chairs, leaving the in the rain. The father greets the neighbors politely as stare daggers at him. The father smiles self-consciously. 35 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT The door opens quietly. A shadow steps furtively into the closes the door. Old Nemo is asleep, hooked up to a life- equipment. The shadow approaches him.
0) 134) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 ADULT NEMO (OFF) (CONT.) (cont'd) But, what if one of the additional * dimensions wasn’t spatial but temporal? 44 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY The hand of baby Nemo pushes a plate to the edge of the t falls and breaks. The baby mixing mashed potatoes and tom in his plate. 44K - The father smoking a cigarette. Wafts of smoke diss in the air.
0) 158) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 58F - The hen laying an egg. 58G - The father biting into the cookie. The woman with t carriage being hit by the car. The father looking horrifi Adult Nemo, presenting the program, looks into the camera
0) 170) dialog: Okay, Anna, let’s go. The man who was kissing Nemo’s mother comes over to Anna. takes her father’s hand and they leave together.
0) 176) dialog: Nemo! Nemo turns back, hesitates. The mother grabs Nemo and pul into the train. The disconcerted ticket man helps her, th the door. Nemo looks at the silhouette of his father as t pulls away. 68 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY ...Repetition of the same scene. The train is leaving the Nemo is still holding his father’s hand. He hesitates, th go and starts running down the platform. He stops for a m looks at his father, as if regretfully, looks at the depa train. He runs again, looking at his father as if with re reaches the train. The mother holds her arms out.
0) 177) dialog: 
0) 181) dialog: Of course not. It’s my fault. * 69 - INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE — DAY The doctor is hypnotizing old Nemo. The pendulum swings i of his eyes... 70 - EXT./INT. MISC. — DAY/NIGHT We see brief flashes...flashes of the lights of a passing train...the tracks rushing by under the locomotive -70A - a metronome .70B - branches swaying in the wind -70C - a swaying swing... 71 - INT. TRAIN — DAY Nemo is in the train, with his mother. He presses himself her. He is watching the landscape go by. 71A - Through the window he sees train tracks crossing, j with other tracks, separating. A tangle of possible desti 72 - MODEL — DAY A toy airplane held in a child’s hand. The plane flies ov On the map, the letters O-C-E-A-N pass by. The plane flie North America. 73 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING 73BIS - Through the window we have a view of a big North city. The mother and Nemo are in an apartment that is not yet f furnished. She unwraps a lamp and puts it in place. 74 - EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM — DAY Nemo is running after the train that is taking his mother His running feet. His shoelace breaks. He starts to lose The train picks up speed, his mother moves away.
0) 182) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 Nemo stumbles, steps on his shoelace. He stays on the pla with his father. We follow a butterfly circling up into t 75 - INT. SHOE FACTORY — DAY A butterfly flutters past the window. In the office of a factory, the director is studying several grades of shoel presented to him by a supplier.
0) 185) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 80 - EXT. FATHER’S STREET - DAY Nemo is standing on the corner of the street where he liv his father. He is watching a truck being loaded by movers and Harry are watching them work. The movers close the tr and her father get into the car and drive off. * 81 - INT. NEMO’S ROOM IN HIS MOTHER’S HOUSE (1980/1984) — Nemo, still eight years old, wakes up in his room in his apartment. He lies back down and closes his eyes. The cam explores the objects in his room: the toys... his desk... his mother’s voice calling him.
0) 260) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 103 - EXT. CITY — DAY ...The camera is still moving back. We see the apartment We move further back. We see the city from above. The ima freezes. It is a postcard lying on a table... 104 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE (1988) — NIGHT The postcard is lying on the kitchen table. We hear the d opening. Fourteen-year-old Nemo comes into the house and closes th behind him. He has different clothes and a different hair the previous scene. The father’s voice emerges from the k
0) 261) dialog: Who’s there?
0) 264) dialog: Nemo! Of course, son. Where were you?
0) 266) dialog: You know, a boy your age should get out more. You can leave me alone * you know. I can manage. *
0) 268) dialog: A card from your mother came in the mail. You haven’t looked at it.
0) 270) dialog: Won’t you go see her someday?
0) 273) dialog: Goodnight, son. Nemo leaves the room. The father calls him back:
0) 274) dialog: Nemo!
0) 276) dialog: You’ re a good son, Nemo. Nemo watches as his father falls asleep. He tiptoes out o room. 105 - EXT. STREET — NIGHT Nemo climbs astride an old motorcycle and kick-starts it. out slowly. He rides down the road.
0) 277) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 105A - He rides. He rides faster and faster. He rides at breakneck speed, howling. He rides down a deserted road. the wind on his skin. He rides. He howls. He is mad with 105B - Finally, he arrives in front of his house. He park motorcycle silently. He is calm. 106 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT He enters the house without a sound. 106A - He opens the door to his father’s room, finding hi He goes to tuck him in. 106B - Then Nemo enters his own room. He sits down in fro old typewriter and starts typing. Sheets of paper are pil to the machine. The metal rods strike the surface of the words appear: “After three months and six days...”
0) 283) dialog: Put on a shirt, Anna... You’re going to get sunburned. The father looks at them insistently, as if he has some d soon as the door is closed, they burst out laughing. They themselves at each other, kissing, rolling on the breakfa knocking everything to the floor, rolling on the ground, undressing. Anna grasps him between her legs, they roll a the couch, they roll around on the rug, laughing. They catch their breath. Nemo takes an ice cube from an o glass and slides it gently over Anna’s skin. He watches h contract, goose bumps appear. He slides the ice from her her belly, then over the tips of her breasts, which stand
0) 295) dialog: You look like my son.
0) 297) dialog: My son is taller than you. 111B - Nemo positions his father in front of the window. father gazes at the clouds moving slowly through the wind
0) 298) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 112 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT Nemo is in his room, sitting at his typewriter. His finge quickly over the keys. The pages fill up.
0) 337) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 118 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT 118A - Nemo is looking at the phone. It doesn’t ring. Sitting at the table in his room, Nemo writes a letter. H “Dear Elise,” then stops. He wads up the page, takes a ne is in front of a blank page. He doesn’t know what to writ shakes. Beads of sweat stand out on his forehead. Slowly, begins writing. His pen glides over the page making a sha noise.
0) 374) dialog: Oh? And who’s the lucky lady?
0) 402) dialog: Everything’s great. Mind your own business. Everyone stares at their food in silence. NEMO’ S MOTHER Well. It is important for you to understand... In life, things don’t always work out the way we plan them. Harry and I thought... Life isn’t always what we think it will be.
0) 408) dialog: You've played your part in it. I don’t know what’s going on between you two, and I don’t want to know. It’s sick. You're brother and sister. It is better that... *
0) 792) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 He looks toward his mother:... A - The three little girls the train trip with his mother... C - an electric train i mother’s apartment... D - We leave the apartment through window and find ourselves on the beach with teenage Anna. picture of the beach hanging in Nemo’s room as he lies sl with Anna... F - We approach Anna’s face, who is no longe bed but in a car carrying her away... G - Adult Nemo meet again... H - The drop of rain erasing the phone number... in the studio recording the science program... J - Adult the phone, surrounded by children... K - Adult Nemo drivi car... L - The accident... M - Nemo prisoner in his car, underwater, drowning... On the station platform, child Nemo turns toward his fath Another series of flashes appears to him... N - The three girls... O - Child Nemo leaving the station with his fath The paraplegic father who teenage Nemo bathes... Q - The with teenage Elise... R - The motorcycle accident... S - Nemo in a coma in the hospital... T - Adult Nemo taking c bedridden adult Elise... U - Elise packing her bag and le V - Nemo living with Jean... W- The hand over the candle. The train racing toward Nemo... Y¥Y - The meeting with Cl Widowed Nemo, alone in his bed... Al - Widowed Anna... Bl Astronaut Nemo in the spaceship... Cl - The exploding roc bicycles in space... D1 - Nemo in his bath, the shot... E Nemo’s body thrown into the bushes... Child Nemo, overwhelmed by these visions, stares wide-eye 286 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — DAWN Old Nemo pushes his chess game away and gets up.
0) 809) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 300 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY A bubble of water descends through the water and slips be Nemo’s lips as he is motionless in his car. Nemo begins b again. 301 - EXT. CITY — DAY Adult Nemo, in reverse, hangs the “NOW” poster across fro hospital. 302 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY Adult Nemo, dressed as a mail carrier, in reverse, slips envelope containing the picture of Nemo and Jean under th Nemo and Elise’s house. 303 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Teenage Nemo is at the foot of Anna’s bed. Nemo’s body is from the floor and slips back into Anna’s bed, into her a roll together, embracing. 304 - EXT. YARD OF THE FATHER’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo’s father is painting the clouds. The colors come off canvas and go back onto the brush. The father finishes. H the blank canvas. 305 - EXT. BESIDE A LAKE — DAY Child Anna is sitting beside a lake, on a dock. Stones em the water to land in her hand. Suddenly, a stone emerges water right next to her. She turns around, smiling. Child comes toward her. They play together by the water, laughi