0) 33) dialog: Paul, don’t wake your father! Nemo opens his eyes. A little boy of seven, PAUL, is look him. Nemo was asleep on a chaise lounge, beside a swimmin a vast property, a glass of fruit juice in his hand. Nemo woman from the picture, JEAN, approaching.
0) 35) dialog: It’s me, Jean...
0) 37) dialog: Go back and play, Paul. (Paul wanders off) Who’s Anna?
0) 39) dialog: You’re still tired, Nemo. You need to rest. She looks at him, a moment of silence.
0) 40) dialog: I’ll turn the television on for you. Call me if you need anything. I’m going inside, the sun hurts my eyes.
0) 42) dialog: The sun hurts my eyes. She turns on a television sitting on a garden table. She to the stock market news and walks away. Nemo surfs. 11A - Images of a huge accident. Dozens of cars are burni bridge. Nemo channel hops. He stops on a nature program. are circling a gazelle. The lionesses move in closer, thr In the background, to the same rhythm, dark silhouetted f approach Nemo.
0) 43) dialog: Nemo, your friends are here, and my father, too... (She kisses her father hello) Hello dad. He hasn’t said a thing. The silhouetted figures circle Nemo. Nemo doesn’t look at One of the men kneels down and positions himself in Nemo’ of vision.
0) 119) text: The body of adult Nemo in the morgue. He is wearing just which is too small. A police officer is smoking a cigaret to him. The scene is shot in reverse, the smoke going int cigarette. A woman identifies the body. It is Jean. She i a handkerchief. A tear goes back up to her eye. 37 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT (cont. )
0) 143) dialog: Hello, Nemo.
0) 167) text: Underwater, prisoner in his car, adult Nemo struggles. Bu escape from his mouth. He sees light above him. 62A - Another flash. Under the water, Jean’s face diving us. 63 - INT. SWIMMING POOL — DAY The lifeguard suddenly dives in next to child Nemo and pu to the surface. Nemo is lying on the ground next to the pool. The lifegua performs artificial respiration. Nemo comes to, coughing. breathes.
0) 377) dialog: Thanks, Nemo. They go onto the dance floor and dance pressed closely to Nemo looks at Elise dancing with Stefano. He is furious. looks at Nemo. Elise glances at them. Nemo looks at Jean. slowly moves his face toward hers. She pulls back a bit, hesitates. Nemo brings his lips to hers, and they kiss. J hesitates for a moment, then lets herself go, puts her ar him. Elise forces herself to smile at Stefano. She preten happy. Jean presses herself to Nemo. She is truly happy. love. Nemo is furious. He lets himself be embraced by Jea smiling, her eyes closed, tears in her eyes. She whispers
0) 378) dialog: Nemo... Nemo... Nemo closes his eyes. The image fades to black. 131 - EXT. COUNTRY ROAD — NIGHT Nemo, his face hard, is riding at top speed on his motorc Jean is astride behind him, her arms around him, holding
0) 383) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 132 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S YARD — DAWN The big pool in Nemo and Jean’s yard, at dawn. Adult Nemo bathrobe, is on the diving board, a bottle of scotch in h He falls forward and spins in the air for a few seconds b plunging under the water. 133 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S YARD — DAY The vast estate. A gardener is mowing the lawn. Nemo floa pool, almost motionless. Jean screams and dives in fully to save him. Black.
0) 385) dialog: Paul, don’t wake your father! 133A - Nemo’s eyes pop open. He was sleeping on a chaise holding a glass of juice. He is beside a tarp-covered poo looks at Jean.
0) 387) dialog: It’s me, Jean... Who’s Elise? *
0) 389) dialog: Paul, you can keep playing. Paul walks away. Nemo’s expression is blank. His children laughing as they play with a dog. Nemo moves to pick up h but it’s not there anymore.
0) 391) dialog: No... You’re still tired, Nemo. You need to rest. She looks at him, a silent moment. Nemo looks at his shoe intrigued. The lace is broken. He pulls it off. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION
0) 392) dialog: Nemo... Do I matter to you? Nemo looks at her.
0) 393) dialog: I’d just like to ask you one question. Did you do it on purpose? Nemo looks at her, uncomprehending. Jean takes a paper fr pocket and unfolds it. She hands it to Nemo.
0) 394) dialog: I found it on the bedside table.
0) 396) dialog: (reading) “There comes a time in life when everything seems narrow. Choices have been made. I can only continue on. I know myself inside out, I can predict my every reaction. Everything is predictable. My life has been cast in cement, with airbags and seatbelts. I’ve controlled everything. I’ve done everything to reach this point, and now that I’m here, I’m fucking bored. The hardest thing is knowing whether I’m still alive.” 134 - INT. OFFICE — NIGHT Nemo is in his office, plunged in darkness. There is a pi Jean on his desk. He looks at the broken shoelace in his looks at a candle flame. He holds his hand over the flame if it burns. He holds it there as long as he can. His han to smoke. 135 - INT. ANNA’S ROOM IN THE MOTHER’S HOUSE — DAY Teenage Nemo wakes with a start. He looks at his hand, wh unscathed. Blonde hair is spread out next to him. He stud It is Anna. They are in Anna’s room. She also wakes up.
0) 573) dialog: Nemo... Do I take sugar in my coffee? Can you please answer me? Nemo doesn’t know what to say.
0) 574) dialog: You don’t know me, Nemo. You’ve never really looked at me. You've * always been elsewhere. Do you realize how much you’ve hurt me? * Nemo’s eyes are drawn to the television. 213A - The local news is broadcasting images of a fire on bridge, clearly labeled “ARCHIVES.” Charred automobiles, a car of newlyweds bearing a “Just Married” sign, which n “Just Fried.”
0) 575) dialog: I got a call from the lawyer. He says you've just put everything you own in my name. Why, Nemo? What are up to?... Nemo... "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 214 - INT. HOSPITAL — DAY Breathing sounds. Teenage Nemo is lying on a hospital bed motionless, a prisoner of his body, hooked up to machines Silence. We sense a silhouette moving near him.
0) 578) text: The swinging of the doctor’s pendulum in front of old Nem eyes... 217A - Swaying branches... 217B - A swing... 217cC - The three little girls... 217D - The deodorizing swinging... 217E - The lighthouse beam turning... "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 218 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY Child Nemo is running after the train that is taking his away. He holds out his hand to her. The train gathers spe hands grow further apart. 219 - INT. OFFICE IN NEMO AND JEAN’S HOUSE — NIGHT Nemo’s motionless hand above the candle flame. The sound has been muted. 219A - The local news is showing images of a fire on a br Jean’s picture sits on the desk. The cars are burning. Indifferent, Nemo sits in the darkness, his hand over the He keeps it there as long as he can. He pulls it back, lo his hand, does not suffer. He has a burn in the hollow of palm. Nemo turns toward the muted television. 219B - A presenter is spinning the wheel of fortune. The stops at a number. Nemo picks up a coin from the edge of the table. He studi stabs it with the point of a knife, engraving “yes” on on “no” on the other. 219D - An ad for fishing rods is on TV. He writes “Buy fi x...” He tosses the coin in the air and catches it. “Yes.” He t coat. He walks past the stairs. He hesitates, tosses head tails: “Yes.”
0) 718) text: He runs to a car wash. Jean-Claude Van Damme is wiping ca dry with a chamois. Nemo goes up to him, amazed.
0) 792) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 He looks toward his mother:... A - The three little girls the train trip with his mother... C - an electric train i mother’s apartment... D - We leave the apartment through window and find ourselves on the beach with teenage Anna. picture of the beach hanging in Nemo’s room as he lies sl with Anna... F - We approach Anna’s face, who is no longe bed but in a car carrying her away... G - Adult Nemo meet again... H - The drop of rain erasing the phone number... in the studio recording the science program... J - Adult the phone, surrounded by children... K - Adult Nemo drivi car... L - The accident... M - Nemo prisoner in his car, underwater, drowning... On the station platform, child Nemo turns toward his fath Another series of flashes appears to him... N - The three girls... O - Child Nemo leaving the station with his fath The paraplegic father who teenage Nemo bathes... Q - The with teenage Elise... R - The motorcycle accident... S - Nemo in a coma in the hospital... T - Adult Nemo taking c bedridden adult Elise... U - Elise packing her bag and le V - Nemo living with Jean... W- The hand over the candle. The train racing toward Nemo... Y¥Y - The meeting with Cl Widowed Nemo, alone in his bed... Al - Widowed Anna... Bl Astronaut Nemo in the spaceship... Cl - The exploding roc bicycles in space... D1 - Nemo in his bath, the shot... E Nemo’s body thrown into the bushes... Child Nemo, overwhelmed by these visions, stares wide-eye 286 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — DAWN Old Nemo pushes his chess game away and gets up.
0) 809) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 300 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY A bubble of water descends through the water and slips be Nemo’s lips as he is motionless in his car. Nemo begins b again. 301 - EXT. CITY — DAY Adult Nemo, in reverse, hangs the “NOW” poster across fro hospital. 302 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY Adult Nemo, dressed as a mail carrier, in reverse, slips envelope containing the picture of Nemo and Jean under th Nemo and Elise’s house. 303 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Teenage Nemo is at the foot of Anna’s bed. Nemo’s body is from the floor and slips back into Anna’s bed, into her a roll together, embracing. 304 - EXT. YARD OF THE FATHER’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo’s father is painting the clouds. The colors come off canvas and go back onto the brush. The father finishes. H the blank canvas. 305 - EXT. BESIDE A LAKE — DAY Child Anna is sitting beside a lake, on a dock. Stones em the water to land in her hand. Suddenly, a stone emerges water right next to her. She turns around, smiling. Child comes toward her. They play together by the water, laughi