0) 3) text: Hologram of an alarm clock going off. An old man’s hand g around, turns it off. The old man walks clumsily in the d bumping into things. He sees his clothes on a chair, next pair of slippers. He goes to the sink. He turns on the li suddenly sees his face in the mirror. It is Nemo. He is e old. He is one hundred and twenty years old... He touches face, trembling, stunned. He panics.
0) 6) dialog: ?! ... We know each other?
0) 8) dialog: Since when?
0) 10) dialog: Nobody. Nemo Nobody.
0) 12) dialog: Sometimes people call me Mr. * Craft... C.R.A.F.T... *
0) 14) dialog: “Can’t Remember A Fucking Thing.” * The doctor smiles, amused.
0) 16) dialog: I don’t know. *
0) 18) dialog: Thirty-six. I was born in 1972.
0) 22) dialog: This is 2008... I’m thirty-six, I was born February 9, 1972...
0) 24) dialog: I’m thirty-six! ... I’ve got to wake up! ... To wake up! * We hear an alarm clock going off. 5 - INT. ADULT NEMO’S BEDROOM — DAY Nemo wakes with a start. His alarm clock is ringing. Nemo thirty-six. He catches his breath. His wife, ELISE, is sl next to him. He parts the curtains.
0) 26) dialog: (yelling up the stairs I’m driving the kids to school. Noah, put on your coat. 6B - Nemo grabs the day’s mail as he goes out and looks t distractedly. 7 - EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE SCHOOL — DAY Nemo drops his children off at school. They kiss good-bye drives away. 8 - EXT. TOWN INTERSECTION — DAY He looks at his watch. It is bizarrely divided into seven instead of twelve. He looks at the clock on the church to also has a seven-hour face. Nemo is puzzled. In the sky a suns. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 8A - Nemo turns a corner onto a wide avenue lined with ta buildings. The end of the avenue is under construction. T workmen look at him. The few cars on the road are all sto Nemo gets out of his car. An electric billboard on a buil displays running text between flashing ads. The giant let spell out: “N...E...M...0... 22-T...U...R...N-.. ». A...R...0...U...N...D...” Nemo watches the letters goi puzzled. Passersby stare at him. They walk strangely (bac Nemo turns around and sees a tramp on the other side of t street. The tramp’s face is Nemo’s. Nemo can’t believe hi
0) 27) dialog: Hey! The tramp continues on his way, dragging his things behin goes into a building under construction. Nemo crosses the and enters the same building. 8B - A security guard tries to keep him out, but Nemo pus him and goes inside. There is nothing on the other side of the building. The f a set, panels and planks held up by buttresses. Behind it beach, and then the sea. Nemo’s footsteps in the sand pre He erases them as he walks. There are two suns. 8C - The sea is cut up into enormous blocks carried by helicopters. The latter are assembling the sea. An alarm goes off in the distance. 9 - INT. ADULT NEMO’S BEDROOM — DAY Nemo wakes with a start. His alarm clock is going off. Th is identical. Elise is sleeping next to him. Nemo goes th same motions. He opens the curtains.
0) 29) dialog: Paul, keep it down! * The little boy, on whose T-shirt we read “Noah,” stops an at his father.
0) 31) dialog: Paul? Nemo closes his eyes... 11 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S GARDEN — DAY
0) 34) dialog: Anna? Nemo is terrified. The woman looks surprised.
0) 36) dialog: Jean? ... Am I dead? "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 38) dialog: Anna? wee I don’t know anyone called Anna...
0) 41) dialog: What?
0) 45) dialog: 
0) 47) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 Nemo doesn’t answer. He tries to keep watching the televi
0) 56) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 18 - INT. OLD NEMO’S HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY Old Nemo is watching television, stunned. He sees his own through the window. On the other side of the window, seve miniaturized cameras float in the air. Nemo presses a but window becomes opaque, displaying a repeating image of th of the sea, like a screen-saver. 19 - EXT. TV IMAGE — DAY
0) 65) text: DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF) Remember the day you came here... Three. You’re sleeping. Adult Nemo wakes with a start. He is lying on a bed and l around. We’ve never seen the room before, and it is extre clean and neat. Nemo notices a price tag on the bedside l takes his clothes from the chair. He gets dressed as he l around. A couple enters the room, in their coats, holding a child hand. They look at Nemo with surprise. We are in an immen showroom of bedroom furniture. Distraught, Nemo walks thr store, hurrying to the exit. 23 - EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE SHOWROOM — DAY Nemo leaves the showroom. The street is strangely empty, car, not a single passerby. Across the street, a swing ha from a tree branch swings from left to right. A movement the pendulum. DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF) ...Remember even further’ back... when I say three... one... two... three. Nemo looks up. In the sky, a small plane is pulling an ad streamer. Written on it: “SLEEP.” 24 - EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM — DAY Short flashes in the dark. Child Nemo is seven. He is run the platform trying to catch a departing train.
0) 69) dialog: ...Everything that will happen. He has no cleft on his upper lip. Other children are wand around. A unicorn passes by. A light approaches some chil look up.
0) 70) dialog: When it’s your turn, the Angels of Oblivion place a finger on your mouth. Shhh. It leaves a mark on the upper lip. It means that you’ve forgotten everything. But the angels missed me. Two angels fly above the children, and place a finger to lips, one after the other. When the finger is removed, a vertical cleft has appeared on the upper lip. The Angle o Oblivion forgets Nemo. Nemo’s face plunges into the water those of the other children. Everything turns white. 26 - EXT. SKY — DAY The clouds part, allowing us to see the earth below...
0) 71) dialog: Then you have to find a daddy and a mummy. It’s not easy to choose. 27 - INT. MISC. — DAY A series of interviews follows, like a casting call. Coup every kind, sitting on their sofas, talking to the camera 27A - A chic, overly smiley couple:
0) 83) dialog: In the end, I chose them. Because the lady smelled nice. And the man said:
0) 85) dialog: Once upon a time there was a daddy and a mummy named the daddy and the mummy. They found a cute little baby and called it the cute little baby.
0) 87) text: A model of child Nemo’s street. Pretty little houses that alike, each with its own yard. A child’s hand positions a car. A bawling baby.
0) 88) dialog: The little baby was born there. He was born that day and not another. His parents were those parents. Why? Because that’s the way it is. The baby can cry outloud, but it * change these facts. “From sperm to worm.” His daddy and his mummy live at number 7. The number “7” on the wall of the house. 33 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY Baby Nemo looks at his mummy. His mummy hides behind a be He can’t see her anymore, and waits. His mummy say “Peek- The baby laughs. 33A - A hairbrush. The mother’s lips, to which she is app lipstick. The mother is singing a song. The baby’s hand l the father’s sleeve in order to touch his watch.
0) 89) dialog: The mummy has a brush for her hair and lipstick for her lips. She smells good. She sings a little song: “Eenie meenie miney moe, catch a tiger by the toe...” The daddy has a watch and hair on his arm. The watch goes tick-tock. Daddy catches flies. 33B - A fly on the table. The father’s hand approaches sl then grabs the insect just as it is about to fly away. Th opens the window and sets it free outside.
0) 90) dialog: Everything we see exists. We can see it. The table is called “table,” the chair is called “chair.” We can see them. The little baby can see his daddy and * his mummy. 33C - The father and the mother lean over us. -16- "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 91) dialog: I can see mummy’s eyes, but I can’t see my eyes. The little baby can see his hands but he cannot see himself. So does he really exist? Do I really exist? 33D - The baby’s hands seen from a subjective point of vi is looking at his shadow on the ground, moving at the sam does. The shadow moves on the floor, on the walls. He tri step on it. He pinches himself. Then he bites his mother’
0) 92) dialog: If the baby pinches himself, it hurts. If he bites mummy, it doesn’t hurt. He looks at the reflection of his face in a dirty mirror. takes his first steps, then falls down. The mother applau Thrilled, the baby lets himself fall again.
0) 93) dialog: If the baby falls, the mother claps her hands. She says, “Bravo.” 33E - The mother falls down the stairs with a basket full laundry. She hurts herself. The baby claps. He gets a spa 33F - FLASH: Anna, age five, swinging on a swing.
0) 94) dialog: Why am I me and not someone else? Why does what exists exist? Why do we remember the past but not the future? When you ask mummy, she says... 33G - The mother, overwhelmed by house-cleaning, says to FIVE) as she vacuums:
0) 117) dialog: I don’t know. It doesn’t look like me. What time is it?
0) 119) text: The body of adult Nemo in the morgue. He is wearing just which is too small. A police officer is smoking a cigaret to him. The scene is shot in reverse, the smoke going int cigarette. A woman identifies the body. It is Jean. She i a handkerchief. A tear goes back up to her eye. 37 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT (cont. )
0) 134) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 ADULT NEMO (OFF) (CONT.) (cont'd) But, what if one of the additional * dimensions wasn’t spatial but temporal? 44 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY The hand of baby Nemo pushes a plate to the edge of the t falls and breaks. The baby mixing mashed potatoes and tom in his plate. 44K - The father smoking a cigarette. Wafts of smoke diss in the air.
0) 135) dialog: If you break a plate, it’s broken forever. If you mix the mashed potatoes and the sauce, you can’t separate them later. It’s forever. The smoke comes out of daddy’s cigarette, but it never goes back in. 44B - The big hand on the living room clock moves forward We see a cog turning another cog, the mechanism grinding. all kinds of tick-tocks.
0) 136) dialog: We cannot go back. 45 - EXT. PASTRY SHOP WINDOW (1980) — DAY
0) 137) dialog: That’s why it’s hard to choose. You have to make the right choice. Nemo is eight. He is glued to a pastry shop window. He is a coin in his hand. His eyes go back and forth between th and the chocolate éclair. He can’t decide. 46 - EXT. CHILD NEMO’S STREET — DAY Nemo is on his way home. He is still clutching his coin. past three little girls his age leaning against an iron g are watching him: ANNA, ELISE, and JEAN. One is wearing a yellow dress, the next one a blue dress, last one a pink dress. All three of them smile at him, an three are pretty. Nemo blushes.
0) 140) dialog: Hello, Anna.
0) 142) dialog: Hello, Elise.
0) 144) dialog: Hello, Jean. 47 - INT. CHURCH — DAY We see three weddings of adult Nemo. Three times he kisse bride after slipping a ring on her finger. Once Anna, onc once Jean, all now adults. 48 - EXT. CHILD NEMO’S STREET — DAY Nemo keeps looking back at the little girls as he walks a he looks at the coin he couldn’t decide how to spend. He in the air, heads or tails.
0) 145) dialog: As long as you don’t choose, everything remains possible. 49 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo and his father are looking at the sky through a tele
0) 146) dialog: Daddy says you can predict exactly where Mars will be in the sky, even in a hundred years. 50 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S ROOM — MORNING It is morning. Nemo is sleeping, his eyes closed. Gently, starts to levitate, a foot above his bed.
0) 148) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 52 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S ROOM - MORNING A yellow stain appears on the sheets. He is peeing. Nemo eyes and cries out. He is no longer levitating. He gets u goes to see the little car near his electric train. He lo his soaked pajama pants. He dresses quickly. 53 - EXT. STREET — DAY
0) 149) dialog: But the funny thing is that daddy * doesn’t know what will happen to him two minutes from now. Nemo’s father parks the car at the end of the street. The is on a hill. The father bites into a cookie. He stops ch spits something out, examining it as he gets out of the c forgets to put on the handbrake. He removes a piece of eg from his mouth. Behind him, the car slowly starts moving. comes running down the street in the opposite direction.
0) 150) dialog: Daddy! 54 - INT. INDUSTRIAL CHICKEN BARN — DAY We see a hen laying an egg... The egg lands with many oth 55 - EXT. STREET — DAY ...The car continues rolling down the hill, faster and fa little further down the road, a woman is crossing the str pushing a baby carriage. Nemo’s father is still looking a piece of eggshell on his fingertip... 56 - INT. COOKIE FACTORY — DAY A worker breaks an egg. A small piece of shell floats in whites. The eggs get mixed with flour and sugar. The cook out of the oven and are packaged. 57 - EXT. STREET — DAY The father looks up and sees his car rolling down the hil speed. He screams. The woman in the street pushing the ca sees the car and screams in terror. The woman and the car run over by the car. The father looks on with horror. Nem him, too late.
0) 158) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 58F - The hen laying an egg. 58G - The father biting into the cookie. The woman with t carriage being hit by the car. The father looking horrifi Adult Nemo, presenting the program, looks into the camera
0) 160) text: explanations, although the universe is complex. 59 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY The mother is setting the table while Nemo is trying to e something to her.
0) 162) dialog: But I can remember it.
0) 164) dialog: But me, I can. Sometimes things happen and I have the feeling that they’ve already happened before.
0) 166) dialog: No, it’s because of the Angels of Oblivion. They didn’t put their finger on me. You can’t understand. 59A - The father is sitting in an armchair, prostrate, mo A fly lands on the chair, next to his hand. He doesn’t no The fly climbs his hand, strolling about without provokin reaction from the father. Nemo watches him. -27- "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 60 - INT. SWIMMING POOL — DAY Nemo is in swimming class. He’s the one having the most t swimming. Nemo sinks, flailing desperately as he tries to aluminum pole the instructor refuses to put within his re coughs up water, cries. A whistle blows. The boys get out pool to go get dressed. The instructor stops them to let of girls go past. The boys all wait, eyes riveted on the Nemo is hypnotized by Anna. The boys leave the pool. The locker room door opens a cra hiding, alone, watches Anna. She swims like a goddess. He her dive from the twelve-foot board. She lands perfectly the crawl with perfect grace. She is magnificent. Nemo is wonder. Anna climbs gracefully out of the water and dries hair. Their eyes meet for an instant. Nemo is petrified. 61 - INT. SWIMMING POOL — DAY Everyone has left. The pool is empty, even the lifeguard Nemo emerges from his hiding place. He is alone. He appro water. He hesitates. He climbs onto the diving board, twe high. He is afraid of heights. He walks slowly to the end board. He jumps. He belly-flops onto the water. He is underwater, struggli Bubbles escape from his mouth. He tries to grab something cannot. He is drowning. We hear a muffled scream. He sink bottom.
0) 167) text: Underwater, prisoner in his car, adult Nemo struggles. Bu escape from his mouth. He sees light above him. 62A - Another flash. Under the water, Jean’s face diving us. 63 - INT. SWIMMING POOL — DAY The lifeguard suddenly dives in next to child Nemo and pu to the surface. Nemo is lying on the ground next to the pool. The lifegua performs artificial respiration. Nemo comes to, coughing. breathes.
0) 169) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 64 - EXT. WOODS — DAY 64bis - Exhausted, Nemo gets off a bus. He is going home, swimming bag over his shoulder. He goes past a wooded area. He notices his mother, or at thinks he recognizes her. We can make her out about one h yards away, behind some branches. She is taking a stroll, all around. Nemo hides. He moves toward her, avoiding bei noticed. He reaches a pond. He hears whispered voices. He looks th branches: he sees his mother kiss a man he doesn’t know. freezes. The man walks off in one direction. The mother a her jacket and leaves in the other direction. Nemo waits moving. He is as white as a sheet. 64A - Nemo is walking through the woods. He is looking fo man. He heads to the edge of the pond. He stops. A gust o rustles the leaves. Anna is sitting on a floating dock, t stones into the water. Nemo crouches down and watches her makes him jump.
0) 172) dialog: Then the daddy and the mummy kissed all day long. * A short flash: in the living room, the father and mother fighting. 65A - A vase breaks. 66 - INT. ADULT NEMO’S ROOM (2006) — NIGHT Adult Nemo wakes in the dark. He turns toward a feminine adult Anna is sleeping next to him. They curl up in each arms. 67 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY The mother, the father, and Nemo are on the platform of a train station. They are waiting. The mother is holding he suitcase. The father looks distraught. His eyes are red.
0) 173) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 They each hold one of Nemo’s hands. Nemo looks at his fat at his mother. They don’t look at each other. The mother Nemo’s hair, kisses him. The train pulls into the station
0) 178) dialog: Nemo slows down, turns back toward his father. He stops a of the platform and watches the train move away. He has l shoe. He looks at his pants which are soaked. His father comes running and takes Nemo in his arms. He t console him. He puts Nemo’s shoe back on and the two of t for home. In the distance:
0) 180) dialog: Daddy, is it my fault?
0) 182) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 Nemo stumbles, steps on his shoelace. He stays on the pla with his father. We follow a butterfly circling up into t 75 - INT. SHOE FACTORY — DAY A butterfly flutters past the window. In the office of a factory, the director is studying several grades of shoel presented to him by a supplier.
0) 185) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 80 - EXT. FATHER’S STREET - DAY Nemo is standing on the corner of the street where he liv his father. He is watching a truck being loaded by movers and Harry are watching them work. The movers close the tr and her father get into the car and drive off. * 81 - INT. NEMO’S ROOM IN HIS MOTHER’S HOUSE (1980/1984) — Nemo, still eight years old, wakes up in his room in his apartment. He lies back down and closes his eyes. The cam explores the objects in his room: the toys... his desk... his mother’s voice calling him.
0) 190) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 83 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING Nemo is sitting at the table. Laughter, small talk. The m invited Harry, the man Nemo saw her with in the woods. Ha pretending to be at ease. Nemo stares at him without blin Harry tries to smile, but does not get a smile in return.
0) 195) dialog: It will happen on a Saturday. The sun will be shining. You will be * behind the wheel of your car. You are whistling. You won’t see the crossroads. All of a sudden, a butcher’s truck will appear on your * right and you’ll be crushed. 84 - EXT. COUNTRY ROAD — DAY Flash. Harry behind the wheel of his car, whistling. A tr pulls in on his right. Sounds of an accident. The dashboa shatters. 85 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY (CONT.) Nemo is staring at Harry, who is as white as a sheet. Nem wet patch on his pants. *
0) 197) dialog: I can. I predicted dad’s accident.
0) 200) dialog: I do. The mother slaps Nemo in the face. *
0) 202) dialog: I knew you’d say that. 86 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — NIGHT
0) 207) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 88 - EXT. WOODS — DAY Police officers are searching some bushes. They find Nemo He is missing a shoe. The scene is shot backwards, all th movements are in reverse. 89 - INT. CITY SCHOOL — DAY Fourteen-year-old Nemo is in a classroom, in the city whe lives with his mother.
0) 210) dialog: Yes.
0) 212) dialog: Yes.
0) 214) dialog: No. Nemo is too intimidated to answer anything but yes or no. silence finally becomes embarrassing, and Anna gets up an back to her friends. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 91 - EXT. BEACH — DAY The young teens are running out of beach huts. They are w swimsuits. Nemo also comes onto the beach, wrapped up in towel. He is wearing a ridiculous swimsuit. He sits down, from the group. He takes a camera from his bag and takes of the beach in front of him. After a moment, Anna comes next to him. He blushes. She smiles at him. A moment of s Anna stands up and turns toward him.
0) 217) dialog: No, I... He clams up and stares straight ahead, looking sullen. An at the water and waves to her friends who are calling to
0) 219) dialog: They’re jerks. I don’t go swimming * with jerks. * Anna is cross. Deeply hurt. She can’t believe it.
0) 221) text: 91A - A man’s silhouette stands out in the frame... 92 - EXT./INT. TRAIN — DAY ...In the window of a train is adult Nemo’s silhouette. H the train. A jolt of the train wakes the dozing Nemo. * "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 93 - INT. STATION — DAY Nemo walks through the station. The station clock reads 9 passes a girl with a shaved head who is panhandling. He g his change. A woman he thinks he recognizes is coming tow The woman is holding two children by the hand. When they by side, they look at each other. It is ADULT ANNA.
0) 223) dialog: Anna!
0) 225) dialog: I’m fine... and you? Are those your children?
0) 228) dialog: Yeah... see you around. They continue their separate ways. Nemo looks deeply move encounter. CHILD NEMO’S VOICE (OFF) What on earth made me say, “I don’t go swimming with jerks?” He takes a picture from his wallet. The picture of the be took as a child. We move closer to the picture. We pass i 94 - EXT. BEACH — DAY Fourteen-year-old Nemo is taking the picture of the beach same scene again. He is sitting apart from the group in h ridiculous swimsuit. Anna comes to sit next to him.
0) 232) dialog: No, I... He clams up and stares straight ahead.
0) 233) dialog: I don’t know how to swim.
0) 235) dialog: I don’t know how to swim. That’s it. Please don’t tell anyone. * Anna sits down next to him, understanding. They look at e other, smile, laugh. One of Anna’s girlfriends runs up to wanting Anna to come with her. ANNA’S FRIEND Come on, aren’t you gonna swim?
0) 237) dialog: Look... The hair on their arms is standing up. They both have goo They embrace. 96 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Fourteen-year-old Nemo is in his mother’s apartment. He i his homework. We hear the door open. We hear voices that silent. The mother comes into the room and approaches Nem looks at him. She is uncomfortable. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 243) dialog: A pause. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 245) dialog: I don’t know.
0) 247) dialog: I’d rather die.
0) 249) dialog: I have no idea.
0) 251) dialog: Sometimes I can see the future.
0) 257) dialog: Sure. 101 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — NIGHT All the lights are off in the corridor. We see a light co under the door of the mother’s room. We hear sounds of em a squeaking bed. Nemo slips discretely from the study. Wi sound, he opens the door to the room where Anna is sleepi Complete darkness. He feels his way, bumps into something his breath. He reaches the bed. He whispers.
0) 258) dialog: Anna? Anna turns over and lifts the covers, inviting him to sli the bed. He slips in and lies down next to Anna, very clo look into each other’s eyes. They touch each other’s face gently runs her fingertips over Nemo’s skin. Nemo shivers the hairs on his arm straighten. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 At the end of the hall, the sounds of Nemo’s mother and A father intercourse become louder and louder. We hear the reach a theatrical-sounding orgasm. Nemo’s lips brush Anna’s cheek. We hear only their contro breathing. They finally kiss. They disappear under the co 102 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT (1988) — DAY It is morning. Under the covers, Nemo and Anna are asleep other’s arms. Time has gone by, their hair has changed. A rings out in the hall. NEMO’S MOTHER (OFF) Nemo? ... Nemo? Nemo wakes with a start. As does Anna. Nemo yanks his paj He gets all tangled up in them, falls to the ground, hurr in a panic. Nemo opens the door to the hall. His mother’s to him, and he takes advantage to silently cross the hall up his pants, and slips into the small study. He jumps in fast as he can and pretends to be asleep. We hear voices hall. ANNA’S FATHER (OFF) Isn’t he sleeping in the study? * NEMO’S MOTHER (OFF) No, I just looked, and he’s not there. Nemo opens his eyes, panicking. He jumps out of bed. NEMO’ S MOTHER Anna, have you seen your brother?
0) 260) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 103 - EXT. CITY — DAY ...The camera is still moving back. We see the apartment We move further back. We see the city from above. The ima freezes. It is a postcard lying on a table... 104 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE (1988) — NIGHT The postcard is lying on the kitchen table. We hear the d opening. Fourteen-year-old Nemo comes into the house and closes th behind him. He has different clothes and a different hair the previous scene. The father’s voice emerges from the k
0) 262) dialog: It’s me. Nemo comes into the kitchen. His father is in a wheelchai aged. He looks at Nemo strangely. He doesn’t recognize hi comes over and leans close to his father. He takes his ha father is still staring at him.
0) 263) dialog: It’s me, Dad. Nemo. Your son.
0) 265) dialog: At the hardware store, Dad. I * always work at the hardware store * after school. Nemo grabs a pan and starts cooking.
0) 267) dialog: It’s no problem, Dad. I like being at home. A bit later. They are eating, sitting across the table fr other. The father can only manage to use one clumsy hand. cuts his meat for him. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 269) dialog: I know. I’1l1 read it later.
0) 271) dialog: I haven’t seen her in seven years. If she’d ever wanted to see me, she’d know where to find me. No, I’ve got everything I need, Dad. Everything’s fine. 104A - A bit later, in the bathroom. Nemo is carrying his He undresses him. He gets undressed himself and starts ru shower. He carries his father in his arms and places him shower, staying with him. The father clings to his son as can and lets himself be washed like a baby. Nemo lathers Nemo dries his father with a towel. He is calm and attent gestures assured. 104B - A bit later still, in the father’s bedroom. Nemo d his father in his pajamas and puts him to bed. He kisses forehead and turns out the light.
0) 272) dialog: Night, Dad.
0) 275) dialog: Yes, Dad?
0) 277) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 105A - He rides. He rides faster and faster. He rides at breakneck speed, howling. He rides down a deserted road. the wind on his skin. He rides. He howls. He is mad with 105B - Finally, he arrives in front of his house. He park motorcycle silently. He is calm. 106 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT He enters the house without a sound. 106A - He opens the door to his father’s room, finding hi He goes to tuck him in. 106B - Then Nemo enters his own room. He sits down in fro old typewriter and starts typing. Sheets of paper are pil to the machine. The metal rods strike the surface of the words appear: “After three months and six days...”
0) 278) dialog: After three months and six days of travel, the shuttle was heading directly toward the Cancer nebula, in line with Uranus and its five moons. It was finally approaching Mars and the colonies. On board, the computer was monitoring the passengers’ artificial hibernation... 107 - EXT. COSMOS — NIGHT In the distance, the Cancer nebula. A spaceship passes qu us - propelled by enormous solar sails - and disappears i immensity of the cosmos, heading toward a small red plane 108 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT Adult Nemo is in a state of hibernation in a container be pane of glass. He is in his fifties, white silvery hair. burn scar on his face. Computers monitor his condition. A blue light scans him constantly. Articulated arms examine the screens we can see virtual representations of his vit organs. His heartbeat is slowed. In the corridor of the s three other chambers contain the rest of the crew... We approach Nemo’s frozen face. His eyeballs quiver sligh pulse accelerates.
0) 285) dialog: And you’re mine. Pause. Nemo looks sad.
0) 287) dialog: I’m wondering what would have happened if we hadn’t met... Maybe I’d be with my father. But the most important thing would be missing.
0) 289) dialog: You. Anna holds onto him tightly.
0) 291) dialog: I’ve stopped seeing the future. It scares me when I don’t see you. I don’t want a future if you’re not in it.
0) 293) dialog: Forever. Whatever happens. There is no life without you.
0) 296) dialog: I am your son, Dad.
0) 298) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 112 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT Nemo is in his room, sitting at his typewriter. His finge quickly over the keys. The pages fill up.
0) 299) dialog: The spaceship was now only sixty- seven thousand kilometers from Mars, and we could already see the two moons, Phobos and Deimos. They were preparing to spend 779 days there, until Mars came close to the Earth again. 113 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT The motionless face of Adult Nemo, in his container. The sails fold in. Mars appears, immense and red. It is magni Its surface is covered with valleys, and we can discern t presence of four cities.
0) 300) dialog: The onboard computer displayed: * On the space shuttle, the onboard computer displays the m “END OF HIBERNATION.” 114 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT We see the typewriter keys writing on the white paper: * E-N-D O-F H-I-B-E-R-N-A-T-I-O-N. Nemo rereads the words and stops. He takes the sheet of p the typewriter and lays it on the pile of pages that make novel. 115 - EXT. VILLAGE STREETS — NIGHT It is dark. Nemo is walking toward the village. He stops of the village hall. There is music. Nemo hesitates. He t coin from his pocket, flips it, but can’t catch the coin, falls into the gutter. Nemo goes inside. 116 - INT. VILLAGE HALL — NIGHT The village hall is crowded, mostly with young people. He someone burst out with laughter He sees in the distance a age, ELISE, who is laughing. She turns toward him. She gi little wave. A handsome young man, STEFANO, is next to he
0) 305) dialog: Excuse me?
0) 307) dialog: How do you know my name? Elise’s eyes are still full of tears. She hiccups. He giv handkerchief. She refuses it.
0) 308) dialog: You’11 drown. She smiles. She looks at Nemo. She thinks he’s nice. She handkerchief, blows her nose. She smiles at him.
0) 310) dialog: 
0) 313) dialog: I don’t know. I don’t want one.
0) 315) dialog: 
0) 317) dialog: I’ve got a bit of a headache. *
0) 319) dialog: Gravity on Mars is .38. Three times less than on Earth. The ground is covered with iron oxide dust. Elise bursts out laughing. She looks at him, melting.
0) 321) dialog: Why?
0) 323) dialog: It is estimated that travel to Mars would take six to eight months. The first passengers will be white mice.
0) 325) dialog: (not daring to contradict her) I swear.
0) 327) dialog: Elise! ... Yes. I had the feeling I’d seen you somewhere...
0) 330) dialog: No, that’s not it... 117B - Flash: Nemo and Elise are sleeping in each other’s adults, surrounded by their three children.
0) 333) dialog: Why do you say that? Elise starts crying. He caresses her face. She moves clos She kisses him. She suddenly turns around and runs away.
0) 334) dialog: Elise! Wait!
0) 336) dialog: You don’t have my number!
0) 337) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 118 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE — NIGHT 118A - Nemo is looking at the phone. It doesn’t ring. Sitting at the table in his room, Nemo writes a letter. H “Dear Elise,” then stops. He wads up the page, takes a ne is in front of a blank page. He doesn’t know what to writ shakes. Beads of sweat stand out on his forehead. Slowly, begins writing. His pen glides over the page making a sha noise.
0) 339) dialog: But why exactly that woman or that man? Is there a release of odourless pheromones that correspond to a complementary genetic signal? Or is it physical features that we recognize? A mother’s eyes? A sister’s dimple? An smell that stimulates a happy memory? 119B - We see brief flashes of Elise looking at Nemo. We eyes, very close up... 119C - We see the eyes of Nemo’s mother. We see Elise’s nose. The mouth, the chin. We see the hand haircut is similar to his mother’s. We see Nemo looking a breathing. We go into a nostril. 119D - We see glands contracting, we see the heart beatin the blood flow increasing...
0) 340) dialog: Is love part of a plan? A vast war plan between two modes of reproduction? Bacteria and viruses are asexual organisms.
0) 342) dialog: With each cell division, each multiplication, they mutate and perfect themselves, much more quickly than we do. Against this, we respond with a fearsome weapon: sex. Two individuals, by mixing their genes, shuffle the cards and create an individual who resists viruses better the more dissimilar he or she is. 119F - We see DNA mixing to produce a different combinati
0) 343) dialog: Are we unknowing participants in a war that is beyond us, a war between two modes of reproduction? Credits music. The images stop rolling behind Nemo. The t rewinds. The background goes out, leaving a blue screen. consults his papers and looks at his watch. The lights go are in a TV studio.
0) 345) dialog: (to Peter, a passing assistant) Was I okay? *
0) 347) dialog: Honey? I’m running a little late. * 120 - EXT. ANNA AND NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY Anna answers her cell phone in front of a pretty white ho children play around her as she escorts them inside.
0) 349) dialog: Anna! I love you.
0) 352) dialog: Me more.
0) 354) dialog: Okay.
0) 356) dialog: Shit... I’ve got to go back. I have * to start again... In the rearview mirror we see: 124 - EXT. COUNTRY RAILROAD STATION — DAY Child Nemo is running after the train that is taking his away. A baggage handler passes in front of Nemo with his
0) 357) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 Nemo stops and watches the train move away. The train mov away... 125 - EXT. ELISE’S STREET — DAY ...veflected in the motorcycle rearview mirror. Teenage N sitting astride his stationary motorcycle. He is holding letter in his hand. He is watching a house, and sees Elis outside. He hides. He is going to approach her. He doesn’ He clutches his letter so hard he crushes it. He sees Eli from her house, laughing with Stefano. Nemo blanches. The meet. Nemo looks down and rides away.
0) 365) dialog: I believe in one thing. I believe we should always say “I love you” to the people we love. They look at each other intensely.
0) 366) dialog: I love you.
0) 369) dialog: What?
0) 371) dialog: And so?
0) 373) dialog: Dad, I’m getting married.
0) 375) dialog: It’s not that. I’m going to marry the first girl who dances with me tonight. 130 - INT. VILLAGE HALL — NIGHT A dance in the village hall. Everyone is dressed differen the first time. Nemo comes in. He sees Elise on the other the room. Their eyes meet. He wants to go over to her, bu turns away. She asks Stefano to dance. It’s a slow dance, lights are dim. Nemo watches her. She presses close to St puts her arms around his neck. She glances at Nemo. Nemo furious, and turns away. He asks the first girl he sees t It is TEENAGE JEAN. She smiles at him, and seems very nic
0) 379) dialog: On that day, I will make a lot of foolish decisions. ONE: I will never leave anything to chance again... Teenage Nemo looks right at the camera and says:
0) 380) dialog: ONE: I will never leave anything to chance again. TWO: I will marry the girl on my motorcycle. THREE: I’11 be rich. FOUR: We’ll have a house. A big house. Painted yellow. With a yard. And two children, Paul and Michael. FIVE: Til have a convertible. Red. And a swimming pool. I’1l learn to swim. SIX: I won’t stop until I’ve succeeded. 131A - Nemo’s speech is peppered with FLASHES: Adult Jean house, that grows bigger when the voice over says “big ho turns yellow when the voice says “Yellow.” A yard spreads it, and an automatic sprinkler system starts up. A blue convertible appears in front of the garage and turns red voice says “Red.” Two children pose in front of the house hands. Their t-shirts read “Paul” and “Michael”.
0) 383) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 132 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S YARD — DAWN The big pool in Nemo and Jean’s yard, at dawn. Adult Nemo bathrobe, is on the diving board, a bottle of scotch in h He falls forward and spins in the air for a few seconds b plunging under the water. 133 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S YARD — DAY The vast estate. A gardener is mowing the lawn. Nemo floa pool, almost motionless. Jean screams and dives in fully to save him. Black.
0) 386) dialog: Elise? The woman looks surprised. Nemo puts down his glass.
0) 388) dialog: Jean? ... Oh, right...
0) 390) dialog: Didn’t I have a glass?
0) 395) dialog: Did I write that?... It is my writing. I don’t remember... Jean takes the paper back.
0) 397) dialog: Jean? 11 "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION
0) 399) dialog: Anna, is that you? I had a dream... a weird dream. They hear a noise. Nemo jumps out of bed. He looks at the pulls on a t-shirt as fast as he can.
0) 403) dialog: What are you talking about? I don’t get it.
0) 407) dialog: What? But why? You have no right, I... What’s wrong with y... *
0) 410) dialog: You knew? ... And you didn’t tell me? He turns away, furious. Anna takes him in her arms, holds tight, sobs. He turns toward her, also crying. Her father furiously at the door.
0) 411) dialog: Where? Where are you going?
0) 414) dialog: Ten days, that makes... 14,400 minutes. I wish everything would stop right now, and things to stay * this way forever.
0) 420) dialog: (whispering) You are the first and the last. They make love.
0) 424) dialog: 
0) 427) dialog: “After ninety days, the onboard computer is still maintaining the passengers’ metabolism at the level of a hibernating frog.” Nemo’s face. We hear Indian music. Reflected in the glass container, the image of a television. 145 - INT. HOSPITAL (1988) — DAY Indian music coming from a television set... In the on-du personnel station, an Indian nurse is watching a brightly film: an Indian singer is declaring his undying love to a 145A - Teenage Nemo, in a coma, lies motionless on his ho bed, hooked up to machines.
0) 428) dialog: “He had always been fascinated by the fact that certain frogs can spend the winter completely frozen, and that, when spring comes, comma, they defrost and begin living again. Period. The onboard computer displayed:” 146 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT The computer onboard the spaceship displays: “END OF HIBE The ice on Nemo’s face instantly melts and runs off. His returns. Vital functions return to normal: pulse, brain, system... The door to the hibernation chambers opens. Nemo is in his fifties and has a burn scar on his face. 146A - We are in the center ring of the spaceship. Big ba look out into space. Hibernation cases open all along the releasing passengers of every nationality. A stewardesses with fruit juice. Television screens broadcast a loop of earth: grass, clouds, rivers. Everything makes one think tourism than of a scientific expedition: the big bay wind looking out over the landscape, the chairs positioned to the view, the music. Welcome messages are played in every language. The passengers are handed suspicious-looking gr trays. The planet Mars appears in the spaceship’s line of huge and red. The tourists look on in wonder. Nemo is sea them. He is holding his suitcase on his knees, and on top an urn.
0) 430) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 A PASSENGER (cont'd) One is not to fulfill your dreams. The other is to fulfill them. (He looks through the window.) It doesn’t look like there’s much to do. I hope I brought enough sudoku puzzles. 147 - INT. HOSPITAL (1988) — DAY Nemo remains entirely motionless.
0) 431) dialog: If I could at least move my fingers... Or my eyes... Someone just came in... The floor vibrates softly under the feet of a nurse as sh into the room. She opens the curtains.
0) 432) dialog: Daytime... It’s daytime... The sun is out... It’s warmer on the left than on the right... The nurse undresses him. He feels her lifting his arm.
0) 433) dialog: She’s different from the one this morning... Not the same perfume... Her hands are soft. She washes him. He feels the washcloth on his skin. The s shining on his face, and the shadow of the nurse passes b forth over him. Nemo feels with pleasure the contact of h on his skin. The washcloth slides over his chest. A ray o washes over Nemo’s face. The nurse offers an unexpected g tenderness to the teenager. She looks around to see that looking, then she kisses Nemo’s forehead.
0) 434) dialog: Elise... Is that Elise? The Indian music gets louder.
0) 435) text: The sun shines in the sky. The hero is singing to his lov gallop on horseback over the hills. They embrace. 149 - EXT. ELISE’S STREET — DAY Back in time... Nemo is holding his letter. He stops befo He looks into her eyes.
0) 437) dialog: I believe one thing. I believe we should always say “I love you” to the people we love. They look at each other intensely.
0) 438) dialog: I love you. She is deeply moved. He kisses her on the lips. She sudde back.
0) 440) dialog: You’re the one I love.
0) 442) dialog: Shhh... Don’t say anything. You can count on me for Mars. I promise. She smiles. He kisses her. She hesitates, then hugs him t They kiss lengthily, without coming up for air. A place g the background, pulling a streamer. 150 - EXT. CHURCH — DAY Adult Nemo and Elise step out of a church under a rain of They are married. They get into a white car decorated wit ribbon reading “JUST MARRIED.” They drive away.
0) 443) text: A toy airplane, held in a child’s hand. The plane flies o On the map, the letters “OCEAN” run past. The plane flies North America. 152 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM (2006) — DAY An alarm clock rings. Nemo and Elise are thirty-six. Nemo The scene is identical to the one at the beginning of the Elise is sleeping. Nemo goes into the bathroom. We stay w Elise, whose back is to Nemo. Her eyes are open. Tears st her cheeks. Nemo didn’t see her cry. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 Nemo comes back into the room. He lies down next to Elise opens her eyes. As soon as she sees him, she cries more.
0) 444) dialog: What is it?
0) 446) dialog: What do you mean?
0) 448) dialog: Want us to go for a stroll today? * Do you want me to...
0) 451) dialog: You’re not lousy, you’re fantastic. You’re exhausted, that’s all. It’ll be fine, you’ll come out of it. Think about it... You've got incredible kids, you’ve got...
0) 455) dialog: I think it would be good if I called a doctor.
0) 460) dialog: She’s tired. She’s sleeping.
0) 463) dialog: She has ups and downs.
0) 465) dialog: So, does anyone have a joke? What’s small, green, and goes up and down?
0) 467) dialog: I’1ll take you to school. Joyce, are you gonna be all right?
0) 469) dialog: Anna. 158 - INT./EXT. NEW YORK - HARRY’S HOUSE — DAY The postman slips Nemo’s letter into a mailbox. Harry com the house, picks up the mail. He tears up Nemo’s letter. 159 - EXT. PUBLIC PARK — DAY It is winter. Nemo is near the lighthouse where he and An they would meet. He is alone, sitting on a bench. The par deserted. Nemo closes his eyes and concentrates.
0) 470) dialog: Anna... Can you hear me? 160 - EXT. NEW YORK — DAY It is winter. Anna is walking down a street, over a bridg closes her eyes...
0) 471) text: Nemo... Sometimes I remembering reconstruct you inch, 161 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT your "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 (OFF)
0) 472) text: I talk to you all the time. have face. in my mind, trouble So I inch by until I can see you again... — DAY It is snowing outside. Movers the mother directs them. The door. She discretely tears up are carrying boxes from the house as mother picks up the mail under the a letter and throws it away. 162 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY/NIGHT Nemo slips an envelope into a mailbox. 162A - We see the path the letter follows. The address is optically scanned. The letter enters an automated routing It is bundled with other letters, all tied together. The thrown in with others in big canvas bags. The bags are transported. The bags are opened. The strings around the are cut. The letters are sorted into small slots. A stamp letter: “NO LONGER AT THIS ADDRESS.” 163 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING Nemo is holding the letter. The apartment is almost empty at the table, across from his mother. His eyes are red fr crying. He stares at his plate with no appetite.
0) 474) text: A zucchini plant in a garden, with its big leaves. appears in superimposition, speaking to the camera. Adult Nemo
0) 481) dialog: Will we have a pool?
0) 483) dialog: I do know.
0) 485) dialog: I know what I don’t want.
0) 488) dialog: I don’t want to be like you. The mother registers the blow.
0) 489) dialog: You know nothing about me. I’ve always loved pools. When I’m older, I’1l have a pool. 166 - EXT. VILLA — MORNING Adult Nemo is using a net to fish leaves from the surface magnificent pool in the garden of a magnificent villa. Hi gestures are calm and precise. An idyllic image. His hair longer and his is unshaven. A man in a bathrobe comes out of the house and hands him money. Nemo thanks him and climbs into a truck marked “Po Maintenance” with two colleagues. 167 - INT. URBAN TRAIN STATION — DAY Nemo is leaving the station. On the big clock, the time r 9:12. In the corridor, he passes a girl with a shaved hea panhandling, sitting on the ground. He gives her some cha voice calls out:
0) 491) dialog: Anna... I feel like I’ll be seeing * you at every street corner... The clouds move faster, then slow down again. The station reads 9:21. Anna steps out of the station. She is thirty- passes CLARA, the panhandling girl with the shaved head a her some change. The girl looks at Anna, intrigued. 168 - EXT. URBAN STATION — DAY There is a square in front of the station. Anna sits down outdoor café. She orders a cup of coffee. Nemo is sitting yards away from her. Their backs are to each other. Nemo distractedly watches people going by. They don’t see each
0) 497) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 172 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY Bottles of medication sit on the bedside table. Elise is down, her eyes closed. Nemo lies down next to her. He not bizarrely, that a price tag is still attached to the beds He pulls it off and looks at it, puzzled.
0) 498) dialog: I’ve given my resignation letter. It’s better that way. I’1l find something else. One where I can be * at home more.
0) 500) dialog: I love your eyes. I love your mouth. I love your voice. I love how you move. I love your cheekbones. I love the sound of your steps on the stairs. I love how you eat strawberries. You have a unique way of eating strawberries.
0) 502) dialog: I couldn’t live without you. 173 - INT. OR EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE OR YARD — DAY There is noise, music. Nemo is hanging a garland from the The children are helping him. The kids are running around laughing. Guests arrive, Joyce’s school friends. The olde dance, jumping up and down. Nemo wanders among the childr handing out pieces of cake. He is wearing a small pointed is really having fun. Joyce grabs his arm as he goes by, She shouts:
0) 505) dialog: I’ll ask them to keep it down. But it’s Joyce’s birthday...
0) 510) dialog: Do you want your pills?
0) 514) dialog: I don’t know what to do. I often have this dream. Some prehistoric time. 178 - MODEL — DAY A child’s hand places a plastic bear in front of a cave e 179 - EXT. PREHISTORY — DAY Elise is a prehistoric woman carrying a baby. She is alon cave. She screams.
0) 515) dialog: I hear you screaming. You’ re afraid. Nemo, aS a caveman, runs toward the screams. The cave ope background which is an old black-and-white film. Bears (o mammoths) approach the cave. Nemo stands in front of the hollers, pretending to throw his spear. The predators wan Nemo takes Elise in his arms to reassure her.
0) 516) dialog: I chase the bear. It runs away and you’re not afraid anymore. When I wake up... 180 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM — DAY Nemo wakes with a start, sits up in the bed. Elise’s eyes open. She is terrified.
0) 517) dialog: When I wake up, you're still afraid. There’s no bear.
0) 518) text: "Mr. 181 - EXT. ZOO — DAY Nemo is sitting on a bench at the zoo, watching behind the bars of its cage.
0) 519) dialog: I’m not a bear hunter. I’m an executive of a plant that manufactures photocopying machines, who quit his job. I don’t dare move. My life adds up to nothing. Whatever I do, it’s a disaster. I would so love to chase the bear away and for you not to be afraid anymore. 182 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S ROOM - DAY
0) 522) dialog: Why?
0) 524) dialog: Free...
0) 525) text: 183A - Eggs are placed in an incubator. We see the shells the little beaks pushing from inside. The baby birds emer the eggs. Adult Nemo is facing the camera, in overlay, co
0) 526) dialog: To what extent are our fears innate? When we hatch goose eggs in an incubator, and then above the baby birds, pass a form simulating two wings with a long neck - like a goose in flight - the birds stretch their necks and call out. - g0 - + eH OF
0) 529) dialog: But if we invert the direction of the silhouette, it conjures the * shape of a falcon, wings forward * and long tail behind. The response * of the baby birds is immediate: they will crouch in fear, though * they’ve never before seen a falcon. The scientist inverts the flight direction of the model, birds immediately lie down motionless in their nest, with sound, trying to go unnoticed.
0) 530) dialog: Without any instruction, an innate fear helps them survive. But in humans, to what ancient dangers might our innate fears correspond? * 183B - A mouse. A spider. A snake. A crusading knight. A from the First World War rapes a woman. Insects.
0) 532) dialog: Probably the worst thing about being on Mars is that nothing will happen there. Time will seem stalled and empty. A long Martian year of 779 24-hour-and-37-minute days. 190 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo’s typewriter. He isn’t writing anymore. He is sittin chair. He looks out the window, the leaves are moving, sw lightly by the wind. Then the shadows cast by the leaves wall... 190A - A fly lands on his hand. He doesn’t move. Nemo fol with his eye, without reacting. Nemo looks at a drop of w dripping off a radiator pipe. The drop hits the ground in puddle. Nemo observes it but does nothing. 191 - INT. CAR WASH — DAY Soapsuds spread across the windshield, swept by a noisy, brush. It’s pretty. Jets of water push the suds to the si windows. The car moves forward on its own, pulled by the mechanism. Nemo is in the car. He seems to enjoy the show relaxes him. 192 - EXT. RAILROAD CROSSING — DAY Nemo stops at a railroad crossing. A train passes in fron 192A - We follow the train. We fly next to it.
0) 534) text: We go into one of the compartments. Nemo, hair long, is s the train. 194 - INT. CITY STATION — DAY It is 9:12. The station is full of people. Nemo turns int hall as he does every day. He walks past a pile of boxes wall. He stops. A hand is sticking out of the boxes. Nemo approaches and picks them up. Underneath is the motionles Clara, the panhandling girl. Next to her lie a syringe an rubber tourniquet. The girl’s face is pale, her eyes open motionless. 195 - INT. CITY STATION — DAY A bit later. The ambulance drivers take the girl’s body a stretcher. Nemo is there and watches her go. He picks up jacket. He looks at the time on the big clock. It is 9:21 A gust of wind sets papers flying. Nemo sees Anna’s silho coming toward him from the end of the hall. He can’t beli eyes. She comes closer. She is heading right toward him. Anna look at each other... astounded. They walk toward ea They fall into each other’s arms, without saying a word. each other tight, looking into each other’s eyes.
0) 535) dialog: Anna...
0) 537) dialog: There is no life without you. * Anna holds a finger to his lips.
0) 541) dialog: go by...
0) 543) dialog: It’s raining.
0) 549) dialog: But I want to see you again. When? She smiles.
0) 550) dialog: You don’t like it when you can read life like a book. * She writes a number with a felt-tip marker on a scrap of She hands it to him.
0) 553) dialog: The heat will create a microclimate in the room, a slight difference of temperature... The steam fills the room... It is extracted through the k ventilator. We go through the tube, following the steam. end of the tube we see clouds. 201 - EXT. SKY THEN CITY — DAY
0) 554) dialog: ...and heavy rain two months later on the other side of the world. * A drop of water condenses out of a cloud and falls. It ne earth, falls between the buildings, and lands on the smal of paper Nemo is holding in his hand, erasing the phone n 202 - INT. APARTMENT IN BRAZIL — DAY The Brazilian in front of his stove.
0) 555) dialog: That Brazilian will be boiling an egg instead of being at work. He will have lost his job in a clothing factory because six months earlier... 203 - INT. NEMO’S LOFT — DAY Nemo pulls the tag off a pair of pants and puts it in his
0) 556) dialog: ...-I will have compared the prices of jeans, and I will have bought the cheaper pair...
0) 558) dialog: As the Chinese proverb says, a * single snowflake can bend the leaf * of the bamboo. * 205 - INT. ASIAN FACTORY — DAY A clothing factory in Asia. Rows of sewing machines, men and children assembling clothes.
0) 559) dialog: Jeans production will have moved to * other countries... * 206 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY The Brazilian at his stove. The boiling egg. 206A - The drop of falling rain. 206B - Nemo in the rain looking at the blank paper. 207 - EXT. CITY PARK — DAY
0) 562) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 by in the street. He is still rubbing. He is rubbing still. The children come home from him a kiss as they go inside. window. AND ELISE’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo brings a dinner tray to Elise. Elise looks at him st
0) 563) dialog: You’ re not hungry?
0) 567) dialog: think I’ll take the opportunity to wash the car. Elise looks at him with some apprehension.
0) 569) dialog: What do you mean?
0) 572) dialog: So, there’s no more problem with the car. Elise looks at him, somewhat frightened. She gets back in Nemo goes to look out the window. He is surprised. 212A - The car is in the street, intact. He can’t believe street looks like a scale model. 212B - Workmen are rolling up a huge roll between the hou street. Nemo turns back toward the bed. 212C - A woman is lying there. It is no longer Elise. It He looks at her, surprised. The bedroom is almost empty. JEAN (ELISE’S VOICE) What’s wrong? Why are you looking at me like that? 213 - INT. JEAN AND NEMO’S ROOM — DAY Jean’s face moves closer to Nemo’s. They are both lying o bed. He looks around, lost.
0) 576) dialog: ...The ground doesn’t vibrate the same way. It’s a different perfume. How old might she be? Twenty-five? There are other people, too. Nemo’s father is sitting in the room, defeated. Nemo’s mo comes in. The father looks at her, surprised. They are mo see each other again. They sit in silence, next to each o looking at Nemo. The nurse attends to Nemo.
0) 577) dialog: Let’s begin again. Fingers on the keyboard. Left hand A-S-D-F, right hand H-J-K-L. * 215 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT In the little room in the house with Elise, adult Nemo pl fingers on a keyboard: A-S-D-F and J-K-L-M. The fingers b typing. 216 - INT. SPACESHIP — NIGHT Sound of typewriter keys. We see the surface of Mars appr The rocket begins making contact with Phobos. A deodorizi tree swings...
0) 578) text: The swinging of the doctor’s pendulum in front of old Nem eyes... 217A - Swaying branches... 217B - A swing... 217cC - The three little girls... 217D - The deodorizing swinging... 217E - The lighthouse beam turning... "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 218 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY Child Nemo is running after the train that is taking his away. He holds out his hand to her. The train gathers spe hands grow further apart. 219 - INT. OFFICE IN NEMO AND JEAN’S HOUSE — NIGHT Nemo’s motionless hand above the candle flame. The sound has been muted. 219A - The local news is showing images of a fire on a br Jean’s picture sits on the desk. The cars are burning. Indifferent, Nemo sits in the darkness, his hand over the He keeps it there as long as he can. He pulls it back, lo his hand, does not suffer. He has a burn in the hollow of palm. Nemo turns toward the muted television. 219B - A presenter is spinning the wheel of fortune. The stops at a number. Nemo picks up a coin from the edge of the table. He studi stabs it with the point of a knife, engraving “yes” on on “no” on the other. 219D - An ad for fishing rods is on TV. He writes “Buy fi x...” He tosses the coin in the air and catches it. “Yes.” He t coat. He walks past the stairs. He hesitates, tosses head tails: “Yes.”
0) 579) dialog: Jean! I’m off to buy a fishing rod. * 219C - Nemo goes out of the house leaving the door open b him. He walks away in the night. When Jean comes down the he is already gone. 220 - EXT. TRAIN TRACKS — NIGHT Nemo is walking down some railroad tracks. It is dark. An points in one direction. Nemo follows it. Nemo stops to t cigarette. In the distance, a locomotive is coming toward lights the cigarette. He takes his coin and tosses it. Ne the coin back in his pocket and watches the train come to He hears a voice and turns to look.
0) 583) dialog: I don’t know.
0) 586) dialog: Yes. 221 - INT. CLARA’S SQUAT — NIGHT Clara and Nemo enter a tiny, messy apartment where she ha squatting. She kisses Nemo.
0) 587) dialog: Is there someone in your life?
0) 593) dialog: Yes.
0) 595) dialog: It makes better decisions than I do. 222 - INT. CLARA’S SQUAT — NIGHT Nemo is awake, Clara asleep. Nemo flips his coin. He take coat and leaves. 223 - INT. AIRPORT — DAY Nemo is wandering around the airport. He walks the halls. arrivals, people are waiting with signs. Nemo sees a black man, dressed to the nines, holding a si “MR. D. JONES.” He watches him. He flips his coin. “Yes.” goes toward the man. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 597) dialog: Yes.
0) 600) dialog: Yes, thank you.
0) 602) dialog: Daniel... Daniel Jones... He looks at himself in the mirror. He combs his hair diff like in the ID photo. The telephone rings. Nemo takes the from his pocket. Flips it. “Yes.” He answers.
0) 603) dialog: Hello?
0) 605) dialog: Yes. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 607) dialog: 
0) 617) text: On a bridge, an enormous fire. A gasoline truck explodes. bearing a “Just Married” sign is on fire. Elise, in a wed dress, is caught in the flames. Nemo tries to get her out car. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 231 - EXT. BUS ON MARS — DAY Nemo is still looking out the bus window. Gray dust has s his hand. He rubs it. He has dust under his fingernails.
0) 619) dialog: What’s wrong?
0) 621) dialog: That made you cry? She breaks down sobbing.
0) 623) dialog: Stefano?
0) 626) dialog: Did he say he loved you? "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 631) dialog: I couldn’t live without you.
0) 633) dialog: Together we can make it work.
0) 635) dialog: We’1l learn to swim. Elise closes her eyes. They lie down next to each other. takes her in his arms. She holds his hand.
0) 636) dialog: I love you...
0) 638) text: The journalist is sitting next to old Nemo, who is playin by himself.
0) 648) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 240 - EXT. UNDERWATER — DAY The car sinks under the water... Water pours in through t open window. There is no more air. Nemo struggles. Bubble out of his mouth. He strikes at the door in vain... His g slow...
0) 649) dialog: Shit... I’ve got to go back... Start from the beginning... Start over again... 241 - INT. TV STUDIO — DAY Nemo is facing the camera. He is presenting a science pro has a burn scar on his face.
0) 650) dialog: Why does cigarette smoke never go back into the cigarette? Why do molecules spread away from each other? Why does a spilt drop of ink * never reform? * 241A - In the background, swirling smoke filmed in slow m drop of ink dissolving in water. A vase breaking in slow superimposed title: “ENTROPY.”
0) 651) dialog: Because the universe moves toward dissipation. That is the principle of entropy, the tendency of the universe to evolve toward a state of increasing disorder. 241B - Images of the Big Bang. Galaxies, constellations.
0) 652) dialog: The principle of entropy is related to the “arrow of time,” a result of the expansion of the universe. But what will happen when gravitational forces counterbalance the forces of * expansion? Or if the energy of the quantum void proves too weak? An image of galaxies ceasing to expand and contracting up themselves. The solar system comes to a halt in order to moving in the opposite direction.
0) 653) dialog: 
0) 655) dialog: No one knows the answer. Perhaps what we call the universe is only a miniscule part of a much vaster cosmos. In that case, our universe would not be unique: it would be part of a MULTIVERSE. Different universes dispersed throughout the cosmos would have experienced their own expansion, each bubble of the multiverse having different properties, including the number of dimensions, spatial and temporal. But how can we imagine it? How can we understand the implications? “The most comprehensible’ thing about the universe” said Einstein * “is that it’s incomprehensible.” * Music over the credits. The images stop moving behind Nem tape is rewound. The background goes blank, leaving a blu We are in a TV studio.
0) 657) dialog: Where’s Peter?
0) 659) dialog: I prefer it when he does it. I don’t mean you're not good enough...but...
0) 662) dialog: Oh, no!
0) 664) dialog: Yes, he worked with me... 244 - INT. CHURCH — DAY Nemo, dressed in black, goes into a church. It is a funer service. A coffin is in front of the altar, upon which is picture of Peter. Nemo walks discreetly up the side aisle the family of the deceased. He is upset. He advances a bi Nemo sees the wife of the deceased, dressed in black. Nem troubled. It is Anna. Her hair is longer than in the othe There are two children next to her. 245 - INT. CHURCH — DAY People are emerging from the church, presenting their con to the family. Nemo shakes Anna’s hand. They look each ot the eye, feeling somewhat unsettled.
0) 666) dialog: My sincerest condolences. Peter was a colleague...
0) 668) dialog: It’s me. No answer. The house is decorated differently. There is n of Elise or the children. On the mantel, a picture of you sits next to the urn.
0) 669) dialog: Did you have a nice day? Nemo looks at goldfish swimming in an aquarium. He watche bubbles float to the surface.
0) 670) text: Bubbles floating to the surface. 250 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Nemo goes into a kind of laboratory in his garage. There equipment everywhere. A camera is filming an apple as it frame by frame. Nemo checks it. The light goes on once a He starts the camera, projecting the image onto a screen. wilted flower return to freshness... We see rotten fruit its original color...
0) 671) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 We see a pile of dust expand into a swarming of insects, teeming pile slowly becomes the body of a dead mouse that back to life... 251 - INT. NEMO AND ELISE’S HOUSE — NIGHT Nemo is eating by himself. Across the table, he has set a for a second person who is not there. 251A - Nemo slips into a big bed all alone. He turns out light.
0) 672) dialog: Goodnight. He goes to sleep. 252 - FLASH — DREAM A few brief flashes. Nemo and Elise are twenty. They are married. They drive off in a car marked “Just Married.” 252A - They come to a bridge. A tanker truck blows up. Ne in circles, carrying Elise’s dead body, in her wedding dr face is burned.
0) 673) text: On Mars, Adult Nemo is looking pensively through the bus holding the urn on his knees. He bus drives into a city u dome. All around, all we see are lights that look like hi apartment buildings and factories. The bus stops at the foot of a space elevator. Nemo picks bag.
0) 674) text: Nemo and the tourists are in a glass elevator rising thro air. We pass through the city, leave the dome, overhangin We pass other elevators carrying loads of bicycles.
0) 675) dialog: What are we doing with all these bikes ? It is Anna, next to him, who answers.
0) 678) text: Nemo is seated facing the big windows as other passengers board. He looks at Anna sitting next to him. Nemo is unse is Anna. They shake hands.
0) 679) dialog: Hi. I’m Nemo.
0) 681) dialog: What’s brought you here?
0) 683) dialog: And?
0) 685) dialog: Just keeping an old promise.
0) 686) text: Nemo, long hair in a ponytail, is asleep on a bench near lighthouse. Adult Anna comes toward him. Nemo is levitati inches above the bench. Anna touches his shoulder. Nemo wakes with a start. He is no longer levitating. He i on the bench. Anna isn’t there. He sits up slowly. He loo where he saw Anna in his dream. He takes a stump of chalk pocket and draws a circle on the ground. He opens a paper hesitates between a Danish and a chocolate éclair. Nemo s down and looks at the circle. He closes his eyes, concent
0) 687) dialog: (calling) Anna! ... Anna!
0) 691) dialog: Anna startles. She is sitting in the bus. Slowly, completely happy.
0) 693) dialog: Hi...
0) 695) dialog: We met at your husband’s funeral.
0) 697) dialog: I had a strange feeling when I saw you... As if I had met you before...
0) 699) dialog: No, that’s not it... It’s as if... As if all this wasn’t real... I’m sorry, you must think I’m crazy. I’m not trying to flirt with you... I’m a widower myself...
0) 705) dialog: Drowned? Nemo looks, intrigued, at a fish flopping on the ground a his feet. 259 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY Nemo is underwater, imprisoned in his car. He is losing h strength. A fish swims past him and looks at him. Nemo is lose consciousness... With the last of his strength, he m pull himself through the window. He slips outside, swims underwater. He sees a light above him, a luminous oval-sh spot. He ascends. The zone of light is the shape of a bat Nemo rises as fast as he can... 260 - INT. HOTEL BATHROOM — DAY Nemo suddenly sits up. He is in his bath, naked, soaked. coughs and tries to catch his breath. A man is seated in front of him on a stool, a revolver in hand. There is a plastic sheet stretched out on the floor fires. Nemo collapses in the water, which becomes red. Th blood spreads through the water in circular swirls. 261 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (1988) — DAY Young Nemo’s electrocardiogram as he lies paralyzed on hi prisoner of his body. The needles are going wild, moving direction. The nurses rush to his bedside. An alarm goes
0) 707) text: Nemo is looking at Anna. An alarm suddenly goes off. Warn lights start flashing.
0) 709) dialog: (howling) LET ME OUT...
0) 710) text: Nemo’s dead feet sticking out of the thicket. Insects are on him.
0) 711) dialog: 
0) 714) dialog: 
0) 718) text: He runs to a car wash. Jean-Claude Van Damme is wiping ca dry with a chamois. Nemo goes up to him, amazed.
0) 719) dialog: Aren’t you Jean-Claude Van Damme, the actor? Jean-Claude Van Damme stops working, taken aback.
0) 722) dialog: What are you doing here?
0) 724) dialog: But... you’re a movie star.
0) 727) dialog: Mum...
0) 729) dialog: It’s me! She tries to close the door. Nemo puts his foot in the do pushes it back open.
0) 731) dialog: Mum, it’s me! Your son, Nemo!
0) 736) dialog: You couldn’t possibly have forgotten.
0) 738) dialog: He asks me what I see. I say it’s an “ink stain.” Adult Nemo’s lip movement is perfectly synchronized the c voice.
0) 739) dialog: He says I have to say more. I say it’s an ink stain on a sheet of * paper. He says no, I have to say what goes through my mind. The doctor’s lip movements correspond perfectly with the child Nemo. Nemo looks at an ink well on the table.
0) 740) dialog: I say it makes me think of an ink well. So then he says, okay, that’s * fine.
0) 741) text: Television images of old Nemo in his hospital bed. 274A - In the street, people crowd around TV screens. 274Abis - On the side of the screen runs an ad for Big Cr breakfast cereal.
0) 747) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 A man wearing a hat gets up from a bench in reverse time, his newspaper: The Newport News. Nemo opens it. His eyes to an article about a car accident. We see a picture of a pulling a car from a river. Nemo skims the article... He an ordinary sentence in the middle of the text: “NEMO, tu page 5.” He opens to page five. Written there is “turn ar turns around. 277B - On the outskirts of town stands a cliff, overlooki whole landscape. Enormous letters are carved: “NEMO, CALL 1321.” Nemo goes to a phone booth. He drops in a coin, dials the A voice answers. His own voice.
0) 748) dialog: Hello?
0) 749) dialog: Hello? ... Who is this?
0) 750) dialog: Hello? Who’s calling?
0) 751) dialog: I was told to call this number. My name is Nemo. Nemo Nobody.
0) 752) dialog: Is this some kind of joke?
0) 753) dialog: No, I... The other end hangs up. Nemo remains in the booth, dumbfo dials another number.
0) 754) dialog: Yes, please, I’d like to know the address corresponding to 123-581- 1321.
0) 756) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 279 - INT. ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE - DAY The interior is a mess of dust and stray cats. Light filt through the planks. Nemo comes to the living room, in whi is only one chair, a television set, and a coffee table. to the table. He sees the psychiatrist’s futuristic video recording equipment. He blows off the dust and presses a An image appears. 279A - It is old Nemo, against a neutral background, sitt table, a sheet of paper in front of him. He is looking at camera. Next to the TV set, a small camera begins recordi moment, the image runs backwards, then stops, and starts forward.
0) 760) dialog: (to himself) Fine. *
0) 762) dialog: (to himself) The transcript? *
0) 764) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 Nemo’s amazement. He looks at the screen, moves closer, l around.
0) 766) dialog: You... you can hear me? Old Nemo looks at the papers in front of him, then answer
0) 768) dialog: You... It’s a...recording...
0) 770) dialog: I can’t...
0) 772) dialog: I don’t understand anything.
0) 774) dialog: The architect?
0) 781) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 282 - EXT. STREET OF ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE — DAY Nemo emerges from the house. He looks at it. He sees hims standing behind the window, waving good-bye. A shadow app above him, enormous. 282A - Nemo sees a gigantic foot descend from the sky and the house, which shatters. It is only a model. Nemo runs the hills. 283 - EXT. HILLSIDE — EVENING Nemo is climbing the hill, out of breath. The city is beh in the low-angled light of the setting sun. He goes pas t letters spelling out: “NEMO, CALL 123-581-1321.” When he the summit, Nemo sees the sun. 283A - It is hanging from enormous cables connected to a winch that hundreds of stagehands are turning to produce sunset. Two nurses in smocks catch up to Nemo and grab hi 284 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — NIGHT The journalist is looking at old Nemo in silence. He is s Nemo has finished. We hear a repeating sound: the tape re end of the reel a while back, but it is still turning, fl The journalist finally notices.
0) 786) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 OLD NEMO (cont'd) “Everything could have been anything else and it would have just as much meaning.” Tennessee Williams. You’re too young for * that.
0) 792) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 He looks toward his mother:... A - The three little girls the train trip with his mother... C - an electric train i mother’s apartment... D - We leave the apartment through window and find ourselves on the beach with teenage Anna. picture of the beach hanging in Nemo’s room as he lies sl with Anna... F - We approach Anna’s face, who is no longe bed but in a car carrying her away... G - Adult Nemo meet again... H - The drop of rain erasing the phone number... in the studio recording the science program... J - Adult the phone, surrounded by children... K - Adult Nemo drivi car... L - The accident... M - Nemo prisoner in his car, underwater, drowning... On the station platform, child Nemo turns toward his fath Another series of flashes appears to him... N - The three girls... O - Child Nemo leaving the station with his fath The paraplegic father who teenage Nemo bathes... Q - The with teenage Elise... R - The motorcycle accident... S - Nemo in a coma in the hospital... T - Adult Nemo taking c bedridden adult Elise... U - Elise packing her bag and le V - Nemo living with Jean... W- The hand over the candle. The train racing toward Nemo... Y¥Y - The meeting with Cl Widowed Nemo, alone in his bed... Al - Widowed Anna... Bl Astronaut Nemo in the spaceship... Cl - The exploding roc bicycles in space... D1 - Nemo in his bath, the shot... E Nemo’s body thrown into the bushes... Child Nemo, overwhelmed by these visions, stares wide-eye 286 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — DAWN Old Nemo pushes his chess game away and gets up.
0) 798) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 290C - A drop of rain forms in the clouds and falls to th Adult Anna writes her number on a scrap of paper and give Nemo. The drop lands on Nemo’s shoe. 290D - Adult Nemo is waiting for Anna. He looks at the ch circle on the ground. Anna is arriving in the distance. T toward each other, then run until they meet in the chalk They embrace. They cry for joy. We circle around them.
0) 799) dialog: 
0) 808) text: Then, slowly, the universe reverses its movement. It fold on itself. The planets start moving again, in the opposit direction. The Big Crunch. 295 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY On the hospital clock, the seconds start moving in the op direction. A - In the street, people walk backwards down the sidewal Dead leaves go back up into the trees and reattach themse Rain goes back up into the sky. D - The broken vase on th becomes whole again and returns to the hands of Nemo’s fa Smoke from a cigarette goes back into the cigarette. F - swirls of a drop of ink diluted in a glass of water come together. G - The mashed potatoes and gravy separate in b Nemo’s plate. H - In the cookie factory, the piece of egg reattaches to the shell, now whole. I - A typewriter eras letters from a page, leaving only a white sheet of paper. maternity ward, a baby goes back into its mother’s belly. 296 - INT. HOSPITAL — DAY Old Nemo’s heart begins beating again. He opens his eyes, surprised. The nurses, stunned, walk backwards out of the Nemo laughs. He gets up and leaves the room, backwards. 297 - EXT. STREET — DAY Nemo is walking backwards down the street, smiling. 297A - He has grown young again. 298 - EXT. STREET — DAY Adult Nemo looking at Anna’s phone number, which is no lo visible. The rain pulls itself from puddles on the ground to go back up into the sky. A drop of water leaves the sc paper and the ink reforms the digits of the telephone num sees Anna arriving, walking backwards. They embrace and l together, backwards. 299 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (1988) — DAY Nemo is motionless, in a coma. Suddenly, a finger moves, two...
0) 809) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 300 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY A bubble of water descends through the water and slips be Nemo’s lips as he is motionless in his car. Nemo begins b again. 301 - EXT. CITY — DAY Adult Nemo, in reverse, hangs the “NOW” poster across fro hospital. 302 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY Adult Nemo, dressed as a mail carrier, in reverse, slips envelope containing the picture of Nemo and Jean under th Nemo and Elise’s house. 303 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Teenage Nemo is at the foot of Anna’s bed. Nemo’s body is from the floor and slips back into Anna’s bed, into her a roll together, embracing. 304 - EXT. YARD OF THE FATHER’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo’s father is painting the clouds. The colors come off canvas and go back onto the brush. The father finishes. H the blank canvas. 305 - EXT. BESIDE A LAKE — DAY Child Anna is sitting beside a lake, on a dock. Stones em the water to land in her hand. Suddenly, a stone emerges water right next to her. She turns around, smiling. Child comes toward her. They play together by the water, laughi