0) 2) dialog: What did I do to deserve this? * 2B - A man of thirty-six - NEMO - opens his eyes. He is r down train tracks. A train rushes toward him with a deafening roar, blinding Just as he is about to be crushed, he wakes up... 2C - He opens his eyes. He is behind the wheel of a car, seatbelt on, underwater in a river. The windshield bursts water pours into the car... He drowns... 2D - He wakes up underwater, sits up... He is in his bath coughs, spits out water. A stranger opens the door and sh in the chest... "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 2F - He wakes up. He is in a free-fall in complete darkne his bathrobe, turning in the void. Below him, a swimming Empty... 2G - He wakes up... An alarm. He is at the controls of a spaceship. Meteorites are crashing into the vessel, the w cockpit window shatters. The vessel explodes. AN ALARM so
0) 4) dialog: No... NO... 4 - INT. PSYCHIATRIST’S OFFICE — DAY Subjective point of view. A kind-looking psychiatrist, DR FELDHEIM, a man of about fifty, sits facing us, looking a is taking notes, sitting in a chair. A small video camera recording the interview. Words from the exchange write th on what looks like a computer.
0) 56) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 18 - INT. OLD NEMO’S HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY Old Nemo is watching television, stunned. He sees his own through the window. On the other side of the window, seve miniaturized cameras float in the air. Nemo presses a but window becomes opaque, displaying a repeating image of th of the sea, like a screen-saver. 19 - EXT. TV IMAGE — DAY
0) 65) text: DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF) Remember the day you came here... Three. You’re sleeping. Adult Nemo wakes with a start. He is lying on a bed and l around. We’ve never seen the room before, and it is extre clean and neat. Nemo notices a price tag on the bedside l takes his clothes from the chair. He gets dressed as he l around. A couple enters the room, in their coats, holding a child hand. They look at Nemo with surprise. We are in an immen showroom of bedroom furniture. Distraught, Nemo walks thr store, hurrying to the exit. 23 - EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE SHOWROOM — DAY Nemo leaves the showroom. The street is strangely empty, car, not a single passerby. Across the street, a swing ha from a tree branch swings from left to right. A movement the pendulum. DOCTOR’S VOICE (OFF) ...Remember even further’ back... when I say three... one... two... three. Nemo looks up. In the sky, a small plane is pulling an ad streamer. Written on it: “SLEEP.” 24 - EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM — DAY Short flashes in the dark. Child Nemo is seven. He is run the platform trying to catch a departing train.
0) 100) dialog: What time is it?
0) 102) dialog: Where did you find that?
0) 105) dialog: I’ve got nothing to say to you. I’m Mr. Nobody. The man who doesn’t exist. An old grump who mixes everything up. Go away.
0) 107) dialog: What?
0) 109) dialog: I have no idea. There were cars that polluted, we smoked cigarettes, we ate meat. We did everything we can’t do in this dump. It was wonderful. Most of the time nothing happened. Just like in a French movie.
0) 111) dialog: You don’t need sex anymore? ... We screwed. People were always screwing. We fell in love.
0) 119) text: The body of adult Nemo in the morgue. He is wearing just which is too small. A police officer is smoking a cigaret to him. The scene is shot in reverse, the smoke going int cigarette. A woman identifies the body. It is Jean. She i a handkerchief. A tear goes back up to her eye. 37 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT (cont. )
0) 120) dialog: I am alive...aren’t I? *
0) 123) dialog: I always liked fish. I never thought that one day it would like me, too. 40 - EXT. UNDERWATER — DAY ...the fish swims at us, its mouth wide open, ready to ea 41 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT
0) 129) dialog: I’m Nemo Nobody: the man who doesn’t exist. A crazy old fool who pisses himself. What are you looking for? There’s nothing to find. What time is it? 42- INT. PSYCHIATRIST’S OFFICE — DAY The small pendulum swings back and forth in front of Old eyes... 43 - INT. TELEVISION STUDIO — DAY The same program as before, but this time adult Nemo is t presenter. The text runs over a teleprompter.
0) 130) dialog: But what will happen when the universe has finished expanding and the movement is reversed? On a control monitor, images of galaxies ceasing to expan beginning to contract.
0) 131) dialog: What will be the nature of time? Will it reverse? 43A - Image of a vase breaking on the floor, then, in rev pieces coming back together...
0) 132) dialog: If string theory is correct, the universe possesses nine spatial dimensions and one temporal dimension, ten dimensions in all. We can imagine that in the beginning, all of the dimensions were twisted together. During the Big Bang, three spatial dimensions - the ones we know as: height, width, and depth - and one temporal dimension - what we know as ‘time’ - were deployed. The other six remained miniscule, wound up together. If we live in a universe of wound dimensions, how do we distinguish between illusion and reality? Time as we know it is a dimension we experience only in one direction. (MORE)
0) 134) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 ADULT NEMO (OFF) (CONT.) (cont'd) But, what if one of the additional * dimensions wasn’t spatial but temporal? 44 - INT. CHILD NEMO’S HOUSE — DAY The hand of baby Nemo pushes a plate to the edge of the t falls and breaks. The baby mixing mashed potatoes and tom in his plate. 44K - The father smoking a cigarette. Wafts of smoke diss in the air.
0) 154) dialog: Edward Lorenz, a meteorology analyst, had a computer simulate weather forecasts using simple equations relating air and water movements, heat, barometric pressure... One day in 1961, during the preparation of a series of weather reports, Lorenz took a shortcut, rounding his data up to the third decimal, instead of the usual sixth decimal place, assuming that the difference — one for a thousand — was of no importance. 58B - A calm sea. A storm at sea. The text runs over the teleprompter in front of Nemo.
0) 155) dialog: When he returned an hour later, he noticed that the forecast, which should have been identical to the preceding ones, followed an evolution ever more divergent, until there was no longer any resemblance. Miniscule changes of a thousandth of a degree, a thousandth of a millibar, in association, caused enormous change in the end results: on one hand, perfect calm, on the other, a storm, 58C - A motionless butterfly on a flower.
0) 156) dialog: This is known as the “BUTTERFLY EFFECT.” In a chaotic and unstable system, a butterfly beating its wings in Japan will perhaps cause a storm in Europe.
0) 158) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 58F - The hen laying an egg. 58G - The father biting into the cookie. The woman with t carriage being hit by the car. The father looking horrifi Adult Nemo, presenting the program, looks into the camera
0) 159) dialog: “Pigeon Superstition” and the “Butterfly Effect” are good * illustrations of our contradictory * state: we only accept simple *
0) 167) text: Underwater, prisoner in his car, adult Nemo struggles. Bu escape from his mouth. He sees light above him. 62A - Another flash. Under the water, Jean’s face diving us. 63 - INT. SWIMMING POOL — DAY The lifeguard suddenly dives in next to child Nemo and pu to the surface. Nemo is lying on the ground next to the pool. The lifegua performs artificial respiration. Nemo comes to, coughing. breathes.
0) 207) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 88 - EXT. WOODS — DAY Police officers are searching some bushes. They find Nemo He is missing a shoe. The scene is shot backwards, all th movements are in reverse. 89 - INT. CITY SCHOOL — DAY Fourteen-year-old Nemo is in a classroom, in the city whe lives with his mother.
0) 221) text: 91A - A man’s silhouette stands out in the frame... 92 - EXT./INT. TRAIN — DAY ...In the window of a train is adult Nemo’s silhouette. H the train. A jolt of the train wakes the dozing Nemo. * "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 93 - INT. STATION — DAY Nemo walks through the station. The station clock reads 9 passes a girl with a shaved head who is panhandling. He g his change. A woman he thinks he recognizes is coming tow The woman is holding two children by the hand. When they by side, they look at each other. It is ADULT ANNA.
0) 253) dialog: Oh, you're still here... I'd forgotten you. What time is it?
0) 255) dialog: Did I fall asleep? Some nights I don’t sleep. So I think, I think... I think about how it was. That’s all I have left... What do you see when you look at me? A grumpy old man who drools when he eats, who never answers questions. Who mixes everything up. Who’s kept busy by getting his meals. But that’s not me. Me, I wear short pants. I’m nine years old. I can run faster than the train. I don’t feel my aching back anymore. I’m fifteen. I’m in love. I’m in love... 100 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — NIGHT Everyone is back at the mother’s apartment. It is evening
0) 260) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 103 - EXT. CITY — DAY ...The camera is still moving back. We see the apartment We move further back. We see the city from above. The ima freezes. It is a postcard lying on a table... 104 - INT. FATHER’S HOUSE (1988) — NIGHT The postcard is lying on the kitchen table. We hear the d opening. Fourteen-year-old Nemo comes into the house and closes th behind him. He has different clothes and a different hair the previous scene. The father’s voice emerges from the k
0) 279) dialog: Anna... Anna...
0) 281) dialog: Anna... Anna... 110 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — MORNING Nemo sees a tennis match on television through the open d his parents’ room. It is the throaty breathing of the pla we hear.
0) 338) dialog: What happens when we fall in love? As a result of certain stimuli, the hypothalamus releases a powerful discharge of endorphins... 119 - INT. TV STUDIO — DAY Adult Nemo is looking into the camera. It is a popular sc program. 119A - A cross-section of a brain is in superimposition.
0) 383) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 132 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S YARD — DAWN The big pool in Nemo and Jean’s yard, at dawn. Adult Nemo bathrobe, is on the diving board, a bottle of scotch in h He falls forward and spins in the air for a few seconds b plunging under the water. 133 - EXT. NEMO AND JEAN’S YARD — DAY The vast estate. A gardener is mowing the lawn. Nemo floa pool, almost motionless. Jean screams and dives in fully to save him. Black.
0) 416) dialog: Will time stop moving when the expansion of the universe reaches its end? We pull back, away from the solar system. We see galaxies back even more, see a mass of galaxies, pull back more, s of brilliance, a drop. We pull even further back and we s it is lachrymal fluid from an eyelid. We see an eye. We p further back. 138A - It is Anna’s eye...
0) 417) dialog: Is the universe a miniscule part of a much greater ensemble? Is_ the entire universe contained in a microscopic molecule, in a tear perched on an eyelid? 139 - INT. NEMO’S ROOM — DAY A shining tear falls from Anna’s eyelid and runs down her The shadows of two teenage hands on the wall... "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 They touch, caress each other... Dust dances in the air, their fingers... Through the window, falling autumn leave the air... Very close up, Anna’s mouth, her lips. 140 - INT. NEMO’S ROOM — NIGHT Nemo and Anna are lying side by side, their eyes open... touches her nose to Nemo’s skin...
0) 426) dialog: (whispering, very near Anna! ... Anna? 144A - Flash: the three little girls in their colorful dr Anna, Elise, Jean. "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11
0) 474) text: A zucchini plant in a garden, with its big leaves. appears in superimposition, speaking to the camera. Adult Nemo
0) 475) dialog: Does the zucchini know pain? A caterpillar moves across a leaf and begins eating it. W zucchini plant in cross-section. A red glow appears in th and spreads through the stems. Adult Nemo’s face reflecte teleprompter. The text goes by. -73- "Mr.
0) 476) dialog: When the insect bites into the leaf, the plant finds a bitter substance in its roots that it diffuses into the leaves to make them inedible.
0) 478) dialog: Epilachna borealis has found how to block that move: they cut a circular trench through the leaf before the bitterness reaches it and feed on the inside. The insect eats the edible disk.
0) 479) dialog: What does the zucchini feel? Is it pain? Is information carried chemically less painful than information carried by a _ nervous system? Does the zucchini cry out when you chew it? 165 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — EVENING The mother is chewing a mouthful of zucchini. Nemo looks slices in his plate.
0) 494) dialog: Tick tock tick tock... Nine minutes... Separated by an ocean of nine minutes... Tick tock tick tock... A cleaning woman unplugs a machine cleaning the floor aro Nemo’s bed. She isn’t listening to him. 170 - INT. NEMO’S INDUSTRIAL LOFT — NIGHT Nemo goes into a very empty old factory. The walls are ba There is no furniture, only a mattress lying on the floor table, one chair... Nemo walks past a picture of teenage prominent display. He tacks up the Polaroid of the clouds hundreds of others on the wall. 171 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY Behind the wheel of his car, Nemo — his hair short — is o home with the shopping. It is raining. At the corner of h street, he sees Elise walking barefoot through the rain, bathrobe, crying. Nemo gets out of the car, tries to take his arms. She struggles.
0) 525) text: 183A - Eggs are placed in an incubator. We see the shells the little beaks pushing from inside. The baby birds emer the eggs. Adult Nemo is facing the camera, in overlay, co
0) 552) dialog: You want me to tell you why I lost Anna? Because two months earlier, an unemployed Brazilian boiled an egg... 200 - INT. APARTMENT IN BRAZIL — DAY A fifty-year-old Brazilian in his underwear in a small ru apartment is sitting at his stove, a spoon in his hand. W through the window. He is cooking himself a soft-boiled e water is boiling and giving off steam.
0) 560) dialog: I lost every trace of Anna. I waited for her. Every day. Nemo is sitting on the bench, near the lighthouse: the me place. His hair has grown longer. He is waiting. The beam lighthouse turns in the darkness. Flashes of light illumi face at regular intervals. 208 - INT. PSYCHIATRIST’S OFFICE — NIGHT The metal ball swings regularly. 209 - EXT. STREET — DAY * Nemo is in front of his house, the bottle of car polish i hand. (...) He rubs the chrome painstakingly.
0) 610) dialog: Of course not. 227 - INT. BATHROOM — DAY Nemo is in his bath. His head is sticking out of the wate waiting, motionless. He closes his eyes. He falls asleep. Nemo opens his eyes. There is a man sitting in front of h stool, a revolver in his hand. A plastic sheet is spread the floor. Nemo watches without moving. The man fires. Ne collapses in the water, which turns red. The red blood mi through the water in twisting swirls. Another man comes into the bathroom. He is carrying two p shoes.
0) 638) text: The journalist is sitting next to old Nemo, who is playin by himself.
0) 640) dialog: She left. No matter how long it * takes, things work out in the end, * finally. Even unhappily. * 236 - INT. THEATER/BEAUTY PARLOR — DAY The curtain goes up on a theater stage. The set is a beau parlor. Child Nemo (age seven) sits alone. On stage, Elis sitting, prostrate on a chair. She is in her forties. 236A - We move toward her until we see cars driving by th window. We are no longer on a theater stage. Elise is loo the picture of Stefano. Two other hairdressers are workin comes in. She doesn’t even glance at him.
0) 673) text: On Mars, Adult Nemo is looking pensively through the bus holding the urn on his knees. He bus drives into a city u dome. All around, all we see are lights that look like hi apartment buildings and factories. The bus stops at the foot of a space elevator. Nemo picks bag.
0) 741) text: Television images of old Nemo in his hospital bed. 274A - In the street, people crowd around TV screens. 274Abis - On the side of the screen runs an ad for Big Cr breakfast cereal.
0) 745) dialog: At my age, the candles cost more than the cake. I’m not afraid of dying. I’m afraid I haven’t been alive enough. They should write it on every schoolroom blackboard: “Life is a playground. Or nothing.” 276 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY Adult Nemo is in a hospital room. He is finishing his mea corner of his tray is a fortune cookie. He bites off a co takes out the little slip of paper is something indeciphe Nemo studies it carefully. He gets up and goes to the win holds the paper up to the windowpane. The inscription is from right to left. In the reflection we can read: NEMO. looks out the window. 276A - On the other side of the street, a man is posting in reverse time - that reads: NOW. The reflection of his cookie paper is superimposed, forming a full sentence: NE NOW. Nemo gets dressed. 277 - EXT. HOSPITAL EXIT AND STREET — DAY Nemo leaves the hospital. He walks down the almost desert street. All of the cars are red. The clouds look like the hand-painted. 277A - On top of a building an electric sign with running READ THE NEWPORT NEWS. Then the SWEN TROPWEN EHT DAER, OM (backwards lettering). Nemo reads the reflection in the w NEMO, READ THE NEWPORT NEWS.
0) 756) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 279 - INT. ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE - DAY The interior is a mess of dust and stray cats. Light filt through the planks. Nemo comes to the living room, in whi is only one chair, a television set, and a coffee table. to the table. He sees the psychiatrist’s futuristic video recording equipment. He blows off the dust and presses a An image appears. 279A - It is old Nemo, against a neutral background, sitt table, a sheet of paper in front of him. He is looking at camera. Next to the TV set, a small camera begins recordi moment, the image runs backwards, then stops, and starts forward.
0) 757) dialog: (on the screen) Hello, Nemo. I’m glad you found me. * Adult Nemo can’t believe his eyes. He sits down in the ch flabbergasted, and watches the screen.
0) 758) dialog: All of this must seem very complicated to you. But it’s simpler than you think. (he looks at his notes) Be careful, the chair is damaged. The old chair breaks under Nemo, who falls to the ground.
0) 759) dialog: Are you all right?
0) 761) dialog: I should have warned you earlier. But I couldn’t, because of the transcript. * Old Nemo points to the typewritten pages spread out in fr him.
0) 763) dialog: The text of our conversation.
0) 765) dialog: Go ahead, say it. You’re dying to ask me.
0) 767) dialog: Of course I hear you.
0) 769) dialog: What you are living now is the past, at least for me. I am you, seventy years older. Everything you say, I said myself when I _ was young. I went into that house, I saw what you see. I only had to transcribe our conversation. It’s all written right here, you see. Each word you think you are inventing is here on this paper. He holds up the sheets of paper. The dialogue is written The small camera films the scene.
0) 771) dialog: (reading) “believe it.” I can’t communicate with you any differently. For me, time is inverted. I start from the end of the story and I go toward the beginning.
0) 773) dialog: You're wondering what life you’re in. In this life here, you were never born. I don’t know why. Only the architect knows.
0) 776) dialog: The child. The one running after the train. Maybe your parents never met. 279B - Flash: The father walking down the sidewalk, the m coming toward him. A gust of wind blows his umbrella up t way. They pass without noticing each other.
0) 777) dialog: Maybe your father died aged five in * a sledding accident. 279C - Flash: Snow. A child in the 1930s racing toward a sled, who then remains inanimate.
0) 778) dialog: Maybe you are one of the vast * majority of those whose genetic code did not reach their * destination... 279D - Flash: We see a sperm stop moving and die slowly a thousands of others. 280 - EXT. PREHISTORY — DAY A pregnant prehistoric woman trembling with fever, lying snow. Her belly protrudes; she is six-months pregnant. Sl snow covers her. 281 - INT. ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE — DAY Nemo is watching the screen. Old Nemo is talking to him.
0) 779) dialog: Maybe when she died, a prehistoric woman killed off the line of humans * to which you belong. So for this * world, you don’t exist. Nemo steps back, dumbfounded.
0) 780) dialog: If Anna’s calculations are correct, and you want to find her, you must * stay alive until 2092, February 12, at 05:50. * The image on the television screen goes fuzzy. Nemo knock everything around him. He runs away.
0) 781) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 282 - EXT. STREET OF ANNA’S ABANDONED HOUSE — DAY Nemo emerges from the house. He looks at it. He sees hims standing behind the window, waving good-bye. A shadow app above him, enormous. 282A - Nemo sees a gigantic foot descend from the sky and the house, which shatters. It is only a model. Nemo runs the hills. 283 - EXT. HILLSIDE — EVENING Nemo is climbing the hill, out of breath. The city is beh in the low-angled light of the setting sun. He goes pas t letters spelling out: “NEMO, CALL 123-581-1321.” When he the summit, Nemo sees the sun. 283A - It is hanging from enormous cables connected to a winch that hundreds of stagehands are turning to produce sunset. Two nurses in smocks catch up to Nemo and grab hi 284 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — NIGHT The journalist is looking at old Nemo in silence. He is s Nemo has finished. We hear a repeating sound: the tape re end of the reel a while back, but it is still turning, fl The journalist finally notices.
0) 783) dialog: You mean to say we have to make * choices? That we can’t * simultaneously be a train conductor in the Andes cordillera, a trapper in Alaska, and an astronaut?
0) 785) dialog: Each of those lives is the right one. Every path is the right path. (MORE)
0) 786) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 OLD NEMO (cont'd) “Everything could have been anything else and it would have just as much meaning.” Tennessee Williams. You’re too young for * that.
0) 788) dialog: After death? ... How can you be so sure you’re alive? You still don’t understand? The journalist doesn’t.
0) 789) dialog: You don’t exist. Neither do I. The journalist still doesn’t understand.
0) 790) dialog: We only live in the imagination of * a nine-year-old child. * 284A - FLASH: Child Nemo running after the train. Child Nemo’s voice takes the place of old Nemo’s_ voice, synchronized with the old man’s lips.
0) 791) dialog: (with the voice of child Nemo) We are imagined by a nine-year-old * child faced with an impossible choice. The journalist turns around. 284B - He is at the train window and sees: 285 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY Child Nemo is running after the train carrying his mother turns around, looks at his father, hesitates. He looks at mother, hesitates. He wets his pants. His eyes go wide. A of flashes appear to him, lots of quick scenes, each one containing the others:
0) 792) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 He looks toward his mother:... A - The three little girls the train trip with his mother... C - an electric train i mother’s apartment... D - We leave the apartment through window and find ourselves on the beach with teenage Anna. picture of the beach hanging in Nemo’s room as he lies sl with Anna... F - We approach Anna’s face, who is no longe bed but in a car carrying her away... G - Adult Nemo meet again... H - The drop of rain erasing the phone number... in the studio recording the science program... J - Adult the phone, surrounded by children... K - Adult Nemo drivi car... L - The accident... M - Nemo prisoner in his car, underwater, drowning... On the station platform, child Nemo turns toward his fath Another series of flashes appears to him... N - The three girls... O - Child Nemo leaving the station with his fath The paraplegic father who teenage Nemo bathes... Q - The with teenage Elise... R - The motorcycle accident... S - Nemo in a coma in the hospital... T - Adult Nemo taking c bedridden adult Elise... U - Elise packing her bag and le V - Nemo living with Jean... W- The hand over the candle. The train racing toward Nemo... Y¥Y - The meeting with Cl Widowed Nemo, alone in his bed... Al - Widowed Anna... Bl Astronaut Nemo in the spaceship... Cl - The exploding roc bicycles in space... D1 - Nemo in his bath, the shot... E Nemo’s body thrown into the bushes... Child Nemo, overwhelmed by these visions, stares wide-eye 286 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (2092) — DAWN Old Nemo pushes his chess game away and gets up.
0) 793) dialog: (with the child’s voice) In chess, it’s called “Zugzwang” when the only viable move is not to move. Come see... They move toward the window. 286A - Around the hospital, the city is being dismantled blocks that in turn dissipate in the air.
0) 794) dialog: (with the child’s voice) What’s that called again? The journalist and the old man look out the window. Behin buildings, now gone, the sea stretches out before them. Helicopters are removing huge blocks of sea. They are tak sea apart.
0) 797) dialog: (with the child’s voice) That’s right, the sea... The child * is taking it apart. He doesn’t need it anymore. Before, he was unable * to make a choice because he didn’t * know what would happen. And now that he knows what will happen, he is unable to make a choice. * Nemo gets back into bed. He looks more tired. The heartbe monitor slows. An alarm goes off. 287 - EXT. TRAIN STATION — DAY Child Nemo sees the train moving away with his mother on stands there, dazed. He turns back toward his father, the his mother, not knowing which of the two directions to ch Then throws himself perpendicularly in a third direction: crosses the tracks and runs through the nearby woods, far father and mother. 288 - EXT. WOODS — DAY Child Nemo is running breathlessly through the trees. He Rays of light penetrate the branches. Nemo picks up a dea from the ground and blows on it. The leaf flies away, dan the air. A gust of wind blows through the trees, carrying leaf toward the clouds... 289 - EXT. ATMOSPHERIC LAYERS — DAY ...The clouds change form, blown by the wind. Dense cloud moved and stretched through the layers of the atmosphere. 290 - EXT./INT. MISC. — DAY/NIGHT The dead leaf, lying on the road before the accident, rig teenage Nemo’s motorcycle will pass, blows away, pushed b of wind. The motorcycle continues its path. 290A - Teenage Nemo at the beach with teenage Anna. Nemo he never dared do: he kisses her on the lips. 290B - Nemo, Jean’s husband, opens the door of their hous from work. Jean and the children look at him in surprise. out his fishing rod and takes off his coat.
0) 798) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 290C - A drop of rain forms in the clouds and falls to th Adult Anna writes her number on a scrap of paper and give Nemo. The drop lands on Nemo’s shoe. 290D - Adult Nemo is waiting for Anna. He looks at the ch circle on the ground. Anna is arriving in the distance. T toward each other, then run until they meet in the chalk They embrace. They cry for joy. We circle around them.
0) 804) dialog: This is... the most beautiful day... of my life. Nemo stiffens, his breathing weakening. His heartbeat slo more.
0) 805) dialog: Anna... Anna... Nemo stiffens. The heart monitor shows only a flat line. The clock turns to 5:17. The second slow, then stop... Th freezes...
0) 808) text: Then, slowly, the universe reverses its movement. It fold on itself. The planets start moving again, in the opposit direction. The Big Crunch. 295 - INT./EXT. MISC. — DAY On the hospital clock, the seconds start moving in the op direction. A - In the street, people walk backwards down the sidewal Dead leaves go back up into the trees and reattach themse Rain goes back up into the sky. D - The broken vase on th becomes whole again and returns to the hands of Nemo’s fa Smoke from a cigarette goes back into the cigarette. F - swirls of a drop of ink diluted in a glass of water come together. G - The mashed potatoes and gravy separate in b Nemo’s plate. H - In the cookie factory, the piece of egg reattaches to the shell, now whole. I - A typewriter eras letters from a page, leaving only a white sheet of paper. maternity ward, a baby goes back into its mother’s belly. 296 - INT. HOSPITAL — DAY Old Nemo’s heart begins beating again. He opens his eyes, surprised. The nurses, stunned, walk backwards out of the Nemo laughs. He gets up and leaves the room, backwards. 297 - EXT. STREET — DAY Nemo is walking backwards down the street, smiling. 297A - He has grown young again. 298 - EXT. STREET — DAY Adult Nemo looking at Anna’s phone number, which is no lo visible. The rain pulls itself from puddles on the ground to go back up into the sky. A drop of water leaves the sc paper and the ink reforms the digits of the telephone num sees Anna arriving, walking backwards. They embrace and l together, backwards. 299 - INT. HOSPITAL ROOM (1988) — DAY Nemo is motionless, in a coma. Suddenly, a finger moves, two...
0) 809) text: "Mr. NOBODY" VERSION 11 300 - EXT. UNDER WATER — DAY A bubble of water descends through the water and slips be Nemo’s lips as he is motionless in his car. Nemo begins b again. 301 - EXT. CITY — DAY Adult Nemo, in reverse, hangs the “NOW” poster across fro hospital. 302 - EXT. NEMO AND ELISE’S STREET — DAY Adult Nemo, dressed as a mail carrier, in reverse, slips envelope containing the picture of Nemo and Jean under th Nemo and Elise’s house. 303 - INT. MOTHER’S APARTMENT — DAY Teenage Nemo is at the foot of Anna’s bed. Nemo’s body is from the floor and slips back into Anna’s bed, into her a roll together, embracing. 304 - EXT. YARD OF THE FATHER’S HOUSE — DAY Nemo’s father is painting the clouds. The colors come off canvas and go back onto the brush. The father finishes. H the blank canvas. 305 - EXT. BESIDE A LAKE — DAY Child Anna is sitting beside a lake, on a dock. Stones em the water to land in her hand. Suddenly, a stone emerges water right next to her. She turns around, smiling. Child comes toward her. They play together by the water, laughi