0) 0) text: NORMA LEWIS ( 31) sits up in bed. The soft glow of the la casts her in silhouette. Her husband, ARTHUR LEWIS (30), next to her.
0) 2) dialog: The doorbell.
0) 4) dialog: Yep. Norma retrieves her WATCH from the bedside table.
0) 5) dialog: What time is it?
1) 6) dialog: What is it?
1) 8) dialog: Who?
2) 0) text: The Lewis family has now moved into the kitchen. WRAPPING PAPER and CHRISTMAS ORNAMENTS are scattered across the ta Norma is pouring COFFEE. Arthur is cutting through the ta that seals the box with a knife while Walter looks on eagerly.
2) 2) dialog: Maybe... it's up to you. Arthur opens the lid and sees that there are FOAM PEANUTS inside. He digs down and retrieves a WOODEN BOX. Its dimensions are 8" x 8" x 8".
2) 10) dialog: It's for you, Norma. Norma opens the envelope and removes a folded piece of wh stationary. Printed in elegant calligraphy is a single sentence: MR. STEWARD WILL CALL UPON YOU AT 5:00 PM.
2) 13) dialog: I dunno. You tell us.
3) 0) text: Arthur is now showered and shaven, dressed for work. He a Walter sit at the kitchen table, waiting for Norma to del breakfast. The box sits on the table between them. Arthur opens up the newspaper.
3) 10) dialog: What kind of car was it?
5) 0) text: Arthur sits at the table... reading the morning paper. The CAMERA zooms into the COMICS SECTION... revealing the panels of the comic strip REX MORGAN, MD. Arthur begins reading the voices of REX MORGAN and his girlfriend JUNE.
5) 1) dialog: (as Rex Morgan) Do you realize that this is the first time in my life that I will be taking more than a week's vacation, June? Norma arrives in the kitchen. She now has a slight limp.
5) 2) dialog: (as June, hi-pitched) And enjoy it! Don't worry about the office!
5) 8) dialog: The Viking Squad has a game at four.
5) 10) dialog: Okay June. He starts bouncing the ball on the kitchen floor. She grabs the ball in mid bounce... annoyed with him.
5) 12) dialog: How's your foot?
6) 0) text: The GARAGE DOOR opens and both of the LEWIS FAMILY CARS b out at the same time, almost choreographed in perfect uni Arthur drives a SILVER 1975 PONTIAC TRANS-AM. Norma drive WHITE 1976 OLDSMOBILE STATION WAGON with WOOD WALLS. They pull out onto MONUMENT AVENUE, cars pointing in oppo directions. Arthur rolls down his window.
6) 1) dialog: It's your Christmas present.
6) 8) dialog: From your secret lover.
6) 12) dialog: 
6) 15) dialog: I've got your present at work. It's almost finished. He smiles... then peels off down Monument Ave. From Norma's REAR VIEW MIRROR... Arthur's car disappears the road. She reaches up to re-adjust... her eyes appear the mirror's reflection. INSERT: Norma's VIRGINIA license plate. The Oldsmobile drives down the street in the opposite direction.
14) 0) text: Arthur pulls through the ENTRANCE GATE at the NASA LANGLE RESEARCH CENTER. He retrieves his BADGE from the dashboar and shows it to the guard.
15) 0) text: Arthur's car drives down MAIN STREET on the campus of the research center. The buildings are predominately drab, functional, one story brick structures.. surrounded by various GLOBE STRUCTURES and PIPE NETWORKS on manicured g lawns.
16) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks with Arthur as he moves through the cro corridor of one of the research buildings. He says hello various colleagues along the way. All of the men at the facility are dressed the same... wi white shirts and TIES and POCKET PROTECTOR BADGES. The pl resembles an all-male community college for young scienti
17) 0) text: Arthur eases his way into the small, crowded AUDITORIUM t serves as a MEDIA ROOM. A PRESS CONFERENCE is underway. NORM CAHILL ( 40s), the VIKING PROJECT COORDINATOR, is standing at the podium. Next to him is an OVERHEAD PROJEC with maps and various schematics projected from it onto a LARGE SCREEN.
17) 12) dialog: It all comes down to water. Arthur points to an OVERHEAD SATELLITE PHOTO of Utopia Planitia, a raised level of martian terrain in the vicini of the site where VIKING II landed. There are dry river-bed formations in the soil.
17) 13) dialog: If we find water beneath the surface... and the topographic maps of Utopia Planitia indicate that there were once rivers on the surface of the planet, it's possible that we'll eventually find evidence of life.
19) 0) text: Arthur now sits across from Cahill in his office. Behind is a window that overlooks a huge laboratory.
19) 2) dialog: I see.
20) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks through a LARGE LABORATORY in the heart one of the main buildings on the Langley campus. Work tables assembled with LABORATORY EQUIPMENT and MACHI extend out into infinity as DOZENS OF YOUNG MEN, all dres in similar white shirts with NASA ID BADGES move througho engaged in various tasks. Arthur is standing at a LABORATORY TABLE with a WHITE MAS on. He is wearing a LAB COAT and GLASSES. He pours PINK LIQUID onto the surface of a METAL PAN... filling it to the edges. A colleague named WENDELL JAMES ( 29) walks over to see w he is doing.
20) 6) dialog: Are they really with-holding some of the Mars photos?
20) 8) dialog: It's a salinic compound.
20) 10) dialog: Christmas present for Norma. Arthur retrieves a WHITE CERAMIC MOLD. The mold has an extrusion that is shaped like a WOMAN'S FOOT... only the of the foot is round and missing its toes, save for the P TOE.
20) 12) dialog: Yep. Arthur carefully impresses the MOLD of his wife's foot in the pink goop... sealing the mold at the edges into the t
20) 14) dialog: The compound they're developing for the pilot chairs on the space shuttle.
22) 0) text: Arthur sits at the table with Wendell... waiting for the to dry. Arthur is dealing a deck of cards as they begin a game of GIN RUMMY.
22) 1) dialog: When she was seventeen... still living in Texas, her brother dropped a barbell on her foot... broke three of her toes.
24) 0) text: Arthur discards... then retrieves a replacement card from stack.
24) 1) dialog: So this dumb-ass Richmond doctor takes the x-ray... then he goes to check on another patient down the hall. Arthur discards a king.
24) 2) dialog: This dumb--ass... he left the x-ray machine on.
26) 0) text: Arthur stands up and takes his RIGHT FOOT... pulls it up touches it to his LEFT INNER THIGH.
26) 1) dialog: She had to sit there in a hospital bed in the same position for six months, waiting for it to heal. Wendell stares at the mold on the laboratory table.
26) 3) dialog: Oh yeah. Her family sued. They won.
26) 5) dialog: Forty thousand dollars. Arthur pulls the ceramic mold out of the pink goop... and see the IMPRESSION of her disfigured foot inside the new PROSTHESIS.
28) 0) text: Arthur takes the trimmed PROSTHESIS and wraps it in tissu paper, then places it in a CARDBOARD BOX with a red bow o it.
28) 1) dialog: If this sucker works... she can, start jogging again.
33) 0) text: Arthur emerges from a NASA CAMPUS GYMNASIUM into the twil with Wendell. Both are covered in sweat, dressed in gym clothes. Arthur is carrying his BASKETBALL and a gym bag.
33) 2) dialog: Not too bad. Maybe an hour and twenty minutes.
44) 0) text: Norma comes into the bedroom... and ARTHUR is there... putting on his CUFF LINKS. He is dressed in a TUXEDO. His jacket is laid out on the bed, and next to it is his CHRISTMAS PRESENT. Norma sees it.
44) 2) dialog: A little gift from Dr. Rex Morgan. She opens the present and retrieves the PROSTHESIS.
44) 9) dialog: It's a material they developed for the new shuttle chairs. It'll absorb the pressure of your foot and re-distribute it across the entire surface area. She then slides her disfigured foot into the shoe... and begins to walk around the room.
44) 11) dialog: I just figured out a way to make it better. She crosses the room and gives him a hug and a kiss.
44) 13) dialog: Merry Christmas, June.
45) 0) text: Norma and Arthur come into the family room, wearing their winter coats. Walter is sitting across the coffee table w Dana. They are playing CARDS. The box is sitting between them.
45) 2) dialog: Yeah... what's it all about. Did he show up?
46) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks with Arthur's car as it drives south on CARY STREET... approaching an intersection.
47) 0) text: Norma has the box sitting in her lap while Arthur drives.
47) 2) dialog: Did you get the license plate?
47) 4) dialog: Your dad is cop, Norma. Always get the license plate number.
47) 6) dialog: Somewhere in the world... someone you do not know will die.
47) 8) dialog: Did he say how they would die?
47) 10) dialog: And he showed you the cash.
47) 17) dialog: What did he look like?
47) 19) dialog: Really?
49) 0) text: We approach Arthur's car as they pull into a PARKING SPAC front of the main entrance.
50) 0) text: Arthur grabs the box from off her lap.
50) 1) dialog: Did you bring the key with you? She hands it to him. He takes the key and inserts it... opening the glass dome He then takes his INDEX FINGER and places it on the butto
50) 3) dialog: 
50) 11) dialog: You think it's for real. She takes the box back from him.
50) 13) dialog: Do then you think he's a maniac and he might go kill someone?
50) 15) dialog: Open the glove compartment. There's a philips head screwdriver in there. She opens the GLOVE COMPARTMENT and retrieves a PHILLIPS SCREWDRIVER for him.
50) 17) dialog: I'm gonna see what's inside of it. He removes the screw... and sees that the wooden base rot on a ROD MOUNT on the opposite corner. INSIDE... it is completely empty.
50) 18) dialog: Nothing... no transmitter... no radio. If we pushed the button right now... he'd have no way of knowing. She takes the box from him and closes the dome.
51) 0) text: Arthur pops open the trunk and Norma places the box insid He shuts the trunk and they begin to walk toward the entr to the COUNTRY CLUB. Arthur then holds out his hand to hi wife.
51) 1) dialog: Let me hold the key.
51) 3) dialog: Because you'll lose it Norma. You can't hold your liquor.
51) 5) dialog: What if someone takes your purse? I have pockets. Let me hold it.
52) 0) text: The CAMERA follows Norma and Arthur into the GRAND BALLRO of the country club. There are several hundred people there... all dressed in black tie. A MASSIVE CHRISTMAS TR sits in the center of the room, surrounded by tables. A PIANO PLAYER plays CHRISTMAS CAROLS up on the stage.
52) 2) dialog: Yeah. Keg party in our back yard. Susan and Jim are standing with ARTHUR LEWIS, SR (50s) an BEV LEWIS ( 50s). Arthur and Norma go over to greet them. The CAMERA drifts over to a PLACARD that reads:
54) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are now seated around a table with both of parents. Bev is running her hand through Arthur's long hair.
54) 2) dialog: Never.
54) 14) dialog: Nathan! Arthur stands up and gives him a hug.
54) 15) dialog: It's been years. How have you been?
54) 20) dialog: Nathan and I are gonna go grab a drink... He begins to wheel Nathan toward the bar.
55) 0) text: Arthur now sits with Nathan over by the bar.
55) 9) dialog: What'd you ever do to Norma?
55) 11) dialog: You can't think of it that way.
55) 13) dialog: You didn't leave the x-ray machine on, Dr. Stupid did.
55) 15) dialog: You're no more culpable than the company that manufactured the barbell. Stop punishing yourself. Nathan smiles in appreciation and takes a long swig of Ja Daniels.
55) 17) dialog: Who?
59) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are now DANCING among a group of people front of the stage the stage, where a WOMAN SINGER is performing WHITE CHRISTMAS.
59) 7) dialog: What would we do with that kind of money?
59) 9) dialog: Then we could cross the border into Mexico if they ever came after us.
59) 11) dialog: What if it's someone's baby?
59) 13) dialog: What if it's our neighbor across the street. Do you know our neighbors across the street? Have you ever met them?
59) 15) dialog: Hmmm. I haven't met Doug or Donna.
59) 18) dialog: Do you know Walter?
59) 20) dialog: It's just a stupid prank, Norma.
60) 0) text: Arthur and Norma watch as Jim hoists Nathan up into their with a HYDRAULIC LIFT. He is passed out drunk. Behind him... Dr. Stupe is waiting in line at the valet f his car. He and Norma make eye contact. His eyes dart dow the pavement as he steps into his car.
61) 0) text: Norma and Arthur come into the family room. Dana is aslee the couch. Norma sets the box down on the coffee table an goes to wake Dana.
61) 6) dialog: Are you sure you don't need a ride?
61) 8) dialog: Good night, Dana. Dana exits through the front door. Norma stands up and mo toward the foyer.
61) 15) dialog: I like leaving them on.
61) 17) dialog: It keeps the Christmas spirit alive while we sleep.
61) 19) dialog: Everyone dies eventually, Norma. She stares at the tree.
62) 0) text: Norma and Arthur lay in bed, facing in opposite direction Neither of them can sleep. Arthur rolls over and wraps his arm around her.
65) 0) text: Norma has Arlington's BUSINESS CARD out. She stares at th number. Arthur comes in with the morning paper. The box sits on the kitchen table. She retrieves the key inserts it into the slot... opening the glass dome. Arthu comes into the kitchen.
65) 2) dialog: Why do you say that?
65) 4) dialog: Maybe not forever.
65) 6) dialog: Do you want to move?
65) 8) dialog: Why?
65) 15) dialog: No...
65) 18) dialog: No...
65) 20) dialog: Unless what, Norma? She reaches out and holds her finger over the button... thinking. She then picks up the business card with her ot hand, flips it over and stares at the number.
65) 21) dialog: Are you gonna call him?
70) 13) dialog: What do you want to do Norma?
70) 15) dialog: Then push it.
70) 18) dialog: Well... if you don't push it... then I will.
77) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are sitting across from one another in silence. There is an empty BOTTLE OF WINE on the table.
77) 1) dialog: There's no turning back now. Seconds later... THE DOORBELL RINGS. Both Norma and Arthur jump in their seats.
78) 0) text: Norma and Arthur move toward the front door. Norma puts h eye to the PEEPHOLE. Arlington's disfigured face stares b at her. She opens the door. Arlington stands there smiling... briefcase in hand.
78) 15) dialog: Thanks... we trust your word. Arlington offers him a broad smile.
79) 11) dialog: I got his license plate.
80) 0) text: Arthur comes into the kitchen and goes to the desk and gr a PENCIL. He then scrawls the LICENSE PLATE NUMBER down o piece of scratch paper.
80) 2) dialog: What are you thinking, Norma?
80) 4) dialog: Did he mean that we're next? Is that what he meant?
84) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are pacing around the kitchen... thinkin The PHONE rings... Norma answers it.
85) 20) text: Arthur... ARTHUR
85) 22) text: This isn't real. This isn't happening. ARTHUR
86) 0) text: Arthur backs his car out of the driveway and into the str Norma rides shotgun. Walter is circling around on his bik with some friends in tow.    
87) 0) text: Arthur and Norma drive toward downtown. NORMA
87) 1) text: There was owl... in our back yard. ARTHUR
87) 3) text: He said it was his owl. ARTHUR
88) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks with Arthur and Norma as they move thro the vast space of the RICHMOND PUBLIC LIBRARY. They arriv the ADULT FICTION section... and the CAMERA moves along t spines of various books until it arrives at the one with call number: F2988.34 Norma removes a BOOK from the shelf and looks at the cove NO EXIT JEAN-PAUL SARTRE
88) 1) text: Norma shows it to Arthur. NORMA
88) 2) text: No exit. ARTHUR (MIS-PRONOUNCES)
88) 5) text: it's pronounced Sartre. Jean-Paul Sartre. The French existentialist. She begins to thumb through the pages of the play. ARTHUR
89) 0) text: Arthur and Norma approach the circulation desk. A female LIBRARIAN ( 70s) is standing there. NORMA
90) 0) text: Arthur and Norma now sit in front of a MICROFICHE READER long line of wooden desks in the RECORDS ROOM. On the screen... HEADLINES from the year's newspapers scr by... stopping on the headline for SEPTEMBER 3, 1976:
91) 0) text: Arthur and Wendell are standing among a large group of SCIENTISTS in the laboratory. Everyone is assembled... staring at a large BLANK SCREEN, waiting in anticipation. Cahill stands at the front of th group with a WALKIE-TALKIE to his ear. CAHILL
93) 0) text: Arthur stares up at the screen... waiting on baited breat Moments later... a LARGE BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF THE MAR SURFACE appears on the screen. The SCIENTISTS erupt in loud cheering and applause.    
95) 0) text: Arthur scrolls down to the bottom of the front page. A SMALLER ARTICLE:
98) 0) text: Arthur turns to Norma. ARTHUR
99) 0) text: Arthur and Wendell stand outside the main laboratory buil with a group of scientists, sipping champagne. They see a AMBULANCE pass down the main street of the campus with it sirens on. Cahill emerges from inside the building and rushes out to parking lot. Bevilacqua and the others are approaching. CAHILL
106) 0) text: Wendell then hands a file to Bevilacqua. Inside there is dossier and photo of a ARTHUR LEWIS. He flips to another dossier and photo of another NASA EMPLOYEE named KENNETH WELLER. WENDELL
106) 1) text: There's a list... and they've all got a wife and one child. Bevilacqua thumbs through the list of NASA dossiers. He s Arthur Lewis among them. WENDELL (CONT'D)
106) 6) text: I don't know. I need a car. I might be able to save them... and this guy Arthur Lewis... Wendell thinks to himself... then retrieves a set of KEYS from his pocket. WENDELL
122) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are still sitting in front of the microf machine. Norma looks like she is going to faint... her fa has gone white. ARTHUR
122) 2) text: I feel like I'm gonna faint... She stands up to leave. ARTHUR
122) 4) text: Bathroom. Norma moves.taward the main library... leaving Arthur alo
124) 0) text: Arthur stares at the microfiche reader... transfixed by t newspaper articles. A shadow passes across the wall... and Arthur senses some lurking over his shoulder. He turns to see that it is the LIBRARIAN. Something about her is different... she seems possessed. LIBRARIAN
124) 3) text: When Prometheus flew too close to the sun... his wings caught fire... and he fell to the earth. Arthur remembers her voice from the phone call. ARTHUR
126) 0) text: Elizabeth sits down on the chair across from Arthur. ELIZABETH
126) 17) text: No. Not Arthur. He was different than the others. He... said that... my scars were cool. (BEAT)
127) 0) text: Arthur sits across from Elizabeth. His mind is racing... trying to put the puzzle pieces together. He looks at his watch. It is almost 5PM. ELIZABETH
127) 1) text: I have worked at this library for forty years. Since 1936, I have read a book a day. 23455 books I have read. ARTHUR
127) 5) text: Have you ever read No Exit? ARTHUR
129) 0) text: Elizabeth continues to hold her hand out toward Arthur. ELIZABETH
129) 1) text: Take my hand, son. ARTHUR
131) 0) text: Elizabeth reaches out and grabs Arthur's hand against his will. His body convulses at her touch... The CAMERA drifts in toward Arthur's face as his eyes slo close. Her spell has been cast upon him...
132) 0) text: The CAMERA moves slowly down a CORRIDOR. The floor is shi white marble and the walls are framed by ornate molding a RENAISSANCE ART. Arlington stands at the end of the corridor. He is wearin TUXEDO, portraying the VALET character from Sartre's No E The CAMERA pans around to reveal Arthur... walking slowly down the corridor. Arlington opens a DOOR at the end of the corridor and lea Arthur into a DRAWING ROOM... recreated from Sartre's pla
133) 0) text: Arlington leads Arthur inside and closes the door behind Inside the DRAWING ROOM, there are THREE COUCHES made in style.: of the SECOND EMPIRE. The walls are covered in si Renaissance art and the floor is marble. NORMA and WALTER have now been admitted to the drawing ro Norma is dressed in an elegant BLACK GOWN. Walter wears a tuxedo that looks to be nearly identical to the one his father is wearing... and THERE IS A SILK BLINDFOLD WRAPPE AROUND HIS HEAD. He wanders around the room... lost... The dimensions of the room are equal in every way. It is perfect three-dimensional box. Arthur then looks to his wife. He notices that her EYELID are now gone. Arthur then turns to his son. Walter reaches out into the air... seemingly unaware that they are in, the room with him. The CAMERA moves through the wall into another corridor.. BUD WALL... dressed as another VALET, passes by... and th CAMERA moves into another DRAWING ROOM...
137) 0) text: Arthur's eyes pop open... he rolls over... and Norma is asleep in bed next to him. They are both fully dressed in clothes they were wearing in the library. ARTHUR
137) 1) text: Norma... Her eyes open. She looks around... disoriented. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
137) 6) text: Neither of you said a word... you just walked into the house like two zombies. Went straight to bed. Arthur and Norma stare at one another, trying to make sen of what has just transpired. NORMA
139) 0) text: The CAMERA approaches US ARMY GENERAL NATHAN TEAGUE ( 50s seated just behind the cockpit. In his lap is a file. He is thumbing through a series of photographs of the MARS SURFACE. He then arrives at a sta of paperwork. There is a photograph of ARTHUR LEWIS at th top of the stack.
141) 0) text: Arthur sits on the end of Walter's bed. Walters stands in front of him as his father ties his NECK TIE in front of standing mirror. WALTER
141) 1) text: What's going on? ARTHUR
141) 3) text: This is about the box... isn't it? ARTHUR
141) 5) text: Did you push the button? ARTHUR
141) 10) text: Yes you do. You're just not telling me. Arthur finishes with his tie. He notices something on the floor of his son's bedroom. It is the MARS COMIC BOOK. He picks it up and stares at the dark figure looming on t cover. ARTHUR
141) 12) text: Dana. She gave it to me. Arthur begins to page through the comic book.
151) 0) text: Arthur and Norma are standing in a WAITING ROOM in the ch where her sister is about to be married. BRIDESMAIDS and GROOMSMEN are chatting with one another in anticipation o the ceremony. Norma clutches the copy of No Exit. ARTHUR
151) 5) text: They didn't have lids... ARTHUR
151) 7) text: I had the same dream. Arthur's mind is racing... he glances through the crowd nervously, afraid that they are being watched. ARTHUR
151) 11) text: Alright girls... time to line up! Susan hands Arthur the book and goes off with the other BRIDESMAIDS.
152) 2) text: I do. Norma looks over to Arthur, as he sits in the congregatio He is not paying attention to the wedding. He is reading Sartre's play... The CAMERA zooms into a close-up of the page describing t final scene in the play No Exit:
153) 0) text: The WEDDING PARTY comes pouring out of the church. There massive LAWN south of the entrance. During the holidays i filled with CHRISTMAS TREES for sale, and dozens of ARTS CRAFTS BOOTHS assembled in rows. The CAMERA moves through the crowd to find Norma posing f photos with her fellow bridesmaids out in front of the square. ACROSS THE SQUARE... Bud Wall lurks within the rows of Christmas Trees. He spies Arthur and Walter mingling with parents and Senator Powell, who has TWO SECRET SERVICEMEN standing close by.
155) 0) text: Arthur and Norma move through the courtyard into the wedd reception area... which flows through several TENTS that been erected with HEAT LAMPS and tables covered in WHITE TABLECLOTHS and FLORAL ARRANGEMENTS. Arthur carries the copy of No Exit with him.    
155) 2) text: The play tells the story of uhree people, condemned to hell. They are to remain in a second empire drawing room for all of eternity. He closes the book... his mind dissecting what he has jus read. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
155) 4) text: There are no mirrors... so they will never be able to see their own reflection... but only the faces of their tormentors. ARTHUR
155) 7) text: Arthur... can I speak with you privately for a moment? ARTHUR
155) 8) text: Sure. Arthur walks away with Jim toward the edge of a PATIO tha overlooks the whole party.
156) 0) text: Jim and Arthur stand at a table. Jim has several PHOTOGRA laid out on the table. They are mostly family photos take from the house of Robert Bevilacqua. JIM
156) 4) text: Do you know his wife? ARTHUR
156) 6) text: Well... he shot and killed his wife yesterday morning. ARTHUR
156) 8) text: Yeah... He shot her point blank in the chest in his kitchen. Arthur takes a deep breath. He isn't feeling well. JIM (CONT'D)
156) 9) text: This Bevilacqua fella... if he tries to contact you or Norma... you have to call me immediately, you understand? ARTHUR
156) 10) text: Yeah. Of course. Arthur looks down at the lawn. Norma is staring back at t
157) 1) text: My little sister once asked me... what's the best thing about being married? Norma looks across the lawn to the table where Arthur is seated, next to Walter and their parents. NORMA (CONT'D)
158) 0) text: Arthur and Norma are now slow dancing. ARTHUR
158) 2) text: Say what? ARTHUR
158) 4) text: I don't know... I thought it was funny. Guess I've had too much champagne. ARTHUR
158) 6) text: No. ARTHUR
158) 9) text: What if it's all a test for the aspiring astronauts? ARTHUR
158) 12) text: A psychological test. They want to see how you'll respond to a moral dilemma... the fate of a human life... determined by the push of a single button. Think of the men on the Apollo thirteen mission... sound familiar? They turn slowly on the dance floor... Arthur closes his eyes... his mind racing... A VOICE breaks through the music...
158) 14) text: I would like to dance with your wife. Do you mind? Arthur glares at Dr. Stupe. NORMA
158) 15) text: It's okay Arthur... Arthur looks at him... then back at Norma. His face has g pale and he looks for a moment as though he might faint o the dance floor. ARTHUR
158) 17) text: Will you please excuse me? Arthur moves toward the stairs that lead up to the palati estate. Walter is there... waiting. WALTER
158) 18) text: Dad! What's going on? ARTHUR
159) 0) text: Arthur comes into the MEN'S BATHROOM and rushes into one the stalls. He falls to his knees... leaning over the toi
161) 0) text: Arthur is now standing at the urinal. He begins to hear commotion outside. He turns his head to the left... when something COLD and METAL locks itself around his wrist. Arthur turns back to the right and sees that it is Robert Bevilacqua. He is standing at the urinal next to him and are now HAND-CUFFED TOGETHER at the wrists. Bevilacqua retrieves a GUN from his pocket at points it a Arthur. He has dark circles under his eyes. BEVILACQUA
161) 1) text: You can still save yourself. It's too late for me... but you can still save yourself. ARTHUR
162) 0) text: Arthur and Bevilacqua emerge from the men's bathroom into hallway that leads into the kitchen. Beyond them... in th PARLOR... there is commotion among the members of the wed party in response to the gunshot.
163) 0) text: Arthur and Bevilacqua move through the kitchen. The WAITE and WAITRESSES are all distracted by the commotion and ba take notice of them as they pass through...
165) 0) text: Arthur and Bevilacqua come out the back entrance into the driveway. There is a WHITE PICKUP TRUCK parked there. Bevilacqua opens the passenger side door and the two of t slide across the seat, Bevilacqua behind the wheel.
170) 0) text: Bevilacqua has his hands on the steering wheel... Arthur' left arm extended due to the hand-cuffing. BEVILACQUA (DELIRIOUS)
170) 1) text: Did you push the button... or was it your wife? ARTHUR
170) 3) text: Yeah... me too. I wasn't even home. She decided to push it when I wasn't around to stop her. ARTHUR
170) 5) text: I don't want to talk about it. ARTHUR
170) 6) text: Where are you taking me? Bevilacqua retrieves a NASA DOSSIER from the dashboard an hands it to Arthur. BEVILACQUA
170) 7) text: Kenneth Weller. You know him? ARTHUR
171) 3) text: I'm not gonna let them get me... Arthur... we've got to get to Kenneth Weller. We've got to break the chain... or your wife is gonna die! ARTHUR
172) 0) text: Arthur looks back over his shoulder... seeing the cars sm together. ARTHUR
172) 2) text: Did Steward take you to the library? Did you meet his mother... the librarian? ARTHUR
172) 4) text: Did she tell you about Prometheus? ARTHUR
172) 7) text: Steward has a twin brother... and he works for the CIA. UP AHEAD... Arthur sees FOUR MORE POLICE CRUISERS with th lights flashing. They have formed a ROADBLOCK. Bevilacqua lowers his foot onto the accelerator... refusi to back down. BEVILACQUA (CONT'D)
173) 10) text: Where's Arthur? OFFICER #1
174) 0) text: Arthur sits up in the back of the ambulance. He has a sma scrape on his cheekbone... but otherwise appears unharmed An EMS TECHNICIAN is in there with him. He hands Arthur a ICE PACK. EMS TECHNICIAN
174) 1) text: Here... hold this against your forehead. It'll keep your head from swelling. Arthur takes the ice pack and places it against his head. ARTHUR
174) 4) text: I think it might have been a miracle. The EMS Technician shakes his head in disbelief. ARTHUR
174) 8) text: Are you able to walk, son? ARTHUR
175) 0) text: Arthur steps out of the ambulance and sees that it is par in front of a HOWARD JOHNSON HOTEL on an exit of 1-95. Th hotel has a DINER attached to it. There are more than a dozen POLICE CARS parked in front, along with..several BLACK SEDANS and MILITARY VEHICLES. Arthur hears the rumble of a HELICOPTER circling the sky above them. Its SEARCHLIGHT sweeps through the forest. In front of the diner entrance... more than a DOZEN MEN operate VIDEO CAMERAS and STILL CAMERAS mounted on tripod all pointed toward the front window of the diner. Teague is standing with Cahill and Reston, along with sev other MILITARY PERSONNEL. Arthur notices Norma as she emerges from a BLACK SEDAN... looks exhausted... delirious. NORMA
175) 1) text: Arthur!    
175) 4) text: Where's Walter? ARTHUR
175) 7) text: Take a walk with us. Norma and Arthur begin to walk with Reston, Teague and Ca toward the diner entrance. RESTON (CONT'D)
175) 8) text: Are you familiar with the myth of Prometheus? ARTHUR
175) 14) text: The goal of Prometheus is to maintain coexistence with this life- form, and eventually achieve peace with it, so that its power can be harnessed, developed and applied in such a manner that will benefit the human race. Arthur notices that Cahill is holding a folder in his rig hand. CAHILL
175) 15) text: On the night of September 3rd, as the server was downloading images from the Viking camera system that you helped design... we experienced an electrical surge from a bolt of lightning. As they arrive at the entrance to the diner, Cahill shows Arthur a blurry black and white photograph. CAHILL (CONT'D)
175) 17) text: According to... it... and whatever it is... Arthur notices Arlington sitting alone in a booth inside diner... waiting... TEAGUE (CONT'D)
175) 22) text: Arthur stares at the streak of white light in the photo. ARTHUR
175) 24) text: We've run the data sequence off the server more than a thousand times. Each time... this one photo in the sequence comes out of the dark room just like this. We can't explain why. Arthur hands the photo back to Cahill. NORMA
175) 27) text: What did he say to you when you were in the car with him? ARTHUR
175) 32) text: Please do not interfere... as I assure you that if you do... there will be dire consequences... Reston then turns to face Arthur and Norma. RESTON (CONT'D)
175) 33) text: Time is of the essence... and I'd like to invite my guests inside. Reston opens the door to the diner and gestures to Arthur Norma for them to come inside.
176) 0) text: Arthur, Norma and Reston make their way down the long ais of the diner, flanked by a row of booths, across from a l LUNCH COUNTER with a metal surface. Arlington sits alone in a booth. He pivots his head aroun face them. ARLINGTON
176) 1) text: Please have a seat. Reston sits down next to his twin brother... Arthur and N sit down across from the twins. Arlington has now locked completely into his brother's spirit... The movement of the two men is in now in PERFECT SYNCHRONICITY, staggered by exactly one second... Reston following Arlington. Arlington's eyes remain closed in deep concentration... Arlington's lips move silently... and Reston repeats them loud. Reston's demeanor is now kind... gentle... almost apologetic for his past behavior. RESTON/ARLINGTON
182) 0) text: Blood is now flowing out of Reston's left nostril. Both Arthur and Norma recoil in horror. RESTON/ARLINGTON
182) 2) text: For the rest of his life, he will never hear your voice... or see your face. ARTHUR
182) 7) text: There is one bullet in the chamber of this gun. Reston slides the gun across the table in Arthur's direct
182) 13) text: Let me do it. I, pushed your stupid button. If I deserve to be punished for it... then let me kill myself. Arthur has nothing to do with this. RESTON/ARLINGTON
182) 14) text: I'm sorry, but the offer is not negotiable. (TO ARTHUR)
182) 16) text: If Arthur has to do it... then I want you to make it look like a suicide. Arthur shouldn't be punished for something that I did. RESTON/ARLINGTON
182) 17) text: I'm sorry... but the terms of the offer are not negotiable. Arthur faces has gone completely white. ARTHUR
182) 18) text: Is there an afterlife? The twins smile cryptically in response to Arthur's quest ARTHUR (CONT'D)
182) 21) text: I find your theory to be quite fascinating. But I must remind you that I am unable to disclose the identity of my employers. Arthur glances out the window at all of the cameras. ARTHUR
183) 0) text: Arthur and Norma emerge from the diner in a state of delirium. A SOLDIER pulls up in Arthur's TRANS-AM. He ste out of the car and holds the door open. Teague and Cahill approach... as MEN in dark suits snap hundreds of photographs of the couple. Cahill puts his hand on Arthur's shoulder... searching fo words. Teague glances inside the diner... then back at Arthur. Arthur nods his head slowly... his mind lost... and he li toward the car with Norma at his side.
184) 0) text: Norma sits behind the wheel... allowing Arthur to ride shotgun. He looks weakened by the whole ordeal, and she i afraid he might pass out. ARTHUR
184) 2) text: This isn't happening... She starts the engine... and they drive off. Arthur watches the parking lot full of MEN reflected back them in the side-view mirror.    
185) 0) text: HELICOPTER SHOT: The CAMERA flies over 1-95 as Arthur's c travels north toward Richmond. A MILITARY HELICOPTER flie overhead... escorting them on their journey home.
186) 0) text: Arthur sits shotgun as Norma drives them home. They have riding in silence for quite some time now, having reached level of complete mental and physical exhaustion. NORMA
186) 1) text: All these years... I've given you the impression that Walter was an accident. ARTHUR
186) 4) text: I stopped taking the pill when I met you... ARTHUR
186) 6) text: Because I was so afraid of losing you to someone prettier than me. Arthur just stares at her... unsure how to respond. NORMA (CONT'D)
186) 7) text: For that alone... I deserve a bullet in the heart... don't you think? ARTHUR
187) 0) text: Arthur pulls the car up into the driveway. The street is quiet and empty.    
189) 0) text: Norma and Arthur come up the stairs and round the corner the hallway. Walter's HAND reaches out through the crack beneath the door. Norma tries to open the door but there is a MASSIVE LOCK installed on it. NORMA
191) 0) text: No response... just his head... slamming against the door repeatedly. ARTHUR
191) 5) text: Come downstairs, Arthur. She takes his left hand... as he clutches Walter's hand i his right. NORMA (CONT'D)
191) 6) text: Arthur... (BEAT)
193) 0) text: Arthur and Norma stand across from one another in the kitchen. Arthur holds the GUN in his right hand... and he slowly limps over to his wife and takes her into his arms ARTHUR
193) 2) text: Arthur... I love you, and I'm so sorry... I'm so sorry that I did this to us... ARTHUR
193) 6) text: I'll be waiting... counting the days until my Arthur comes to see me.
195) 1) text: It's going to be harder for you to live than for me to die. Arthur closes his eyes... the noise is excruciating. Ther no time to wait any longer. ARTHUR
195) 3) text: Let's get on with it. Arthur kisses her... then steps back... still clutching h hand... raises the gun... and fires off a round into her heart. Norma collapses... Arthur falls with her... breaking her with his arms as they collapse into a heap onto the linol floor.
197) 0) text: Arthur looks down into his wife's eyes as the life drains from her body. Seconds later... Norma is dead.    
200) 0) text: Arthur has the phone to his ear... imprints of his wife's blood are smeared on the phone's receiver. ARTHUR
200) 1) text: Yes. This is Arthur Lewis at 1560 Monument Avenue. I've just shot my wife... can you please send an ambulance? The Operator begins to ask more questions... but Arthur d not listen. He hangs up the phone. The thumping from upstairs has now subsided. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
201) 0) text: Arthur rounds the corner at the base of the stairs... ARTHUR
202) 0) text: Arthur rounds the corner of the upstairs hallway... rushe toward the bathroom door. Walter's hand comes sliding out from beneath the crack in door. Arthur grabs it. ARTHUR
202) 2) text: Dad? ARTHUR
202) 4) text: Yeah. ARTHUR
202) 6) text: I'm in the bathroom... ARTHUR
202) 8) text: Yeah... I can see... everything is bright... but I can see. ARTHUR
202) 10) text: What's going on? ARTHUR
202) 12) text: That's all that matters, now. Out of the corner of his eye, Arthur notices something at top of the stairs. It is a POLICE OFFICER. He has his gun aimed at Arthur. POLICE OFFICER
202) 15) text: Arthur stares at the officer... frozen... the repercussio of his decision now stare him in the face with a loaded g
205) 0) text: Arthur is now being escorted by two POLICE OFFICERS to a waiting CRUISER that is parked in front of the house. Jim Burns is standing there with the door open. ARTHUR
205) 1) text: I'm sorry, Jim. He stares Arthur down as he is put into the back seat of cruiser. Jim closes the door and goes around to the front the car. Jim gets behind the wheel and starts the engine. Arthur looks back through the window, toward his house. Upstairs in the MASTER BEDROOM WINDOW... Walter is watchi tears streaming down his face. Arthur reaches up with his hands... cuffed together... an tries his best to wave at his son.    