0) 0) text: NORMA LEWIS ( 31) sits up in bed. The soft glow of the la casts her in silhouette. Her husband, ARTHUR LEWIS (30), next to her.
0) 1) dialog: Did you hear something?
0) 3) dialog: Are you sure that was the doorbell? From down below... the DOORBELL rings again.
0) 6) dialog: Quarter 'til five. Norma gets out of bed and throws on her bathrobe. Arthur sits up, hair sticking up in every direction. He h sideburns that run down the side of his face like daggers
1) 0) text: Norma comes down the stairs and approaches the front door She looks through the PEEPHOLE. Through the PEEPHOLE... she glimpses a BLACK SEDAN idling the street. It quickly drives off. Norma unlatches the DEAD BOLT and opens the door. She not something at her feet.
1) 7) dialog: Someone left a box.
1) 9) dialog: I don't know. There was a car waiting... but they drove off. Norma hands the box to Arthur. He examines it.
2) 0) text: The Lewis family has now moved into the kitchen. WRAPPING PAPER and CHRISTMAS ORNAMENTS are scattered across the ta Norma is pouring COFFEE. Arthur is cutting through the ta that seals the box with a knife while Walter looks on eagerly.
2) 8) dialog: Is there a note? Arthur reaches inside the box and retrieves a small WHITE ENVELOPE. Printed on the envelope in CALLIGRAPHY is the n
2) 11) dialog: Mr. Steward will call upon you at 5 PM.
3) 0) text: Arthur is now showered and shaven, dressed for work. He a Walter sit at the kitchen table, waiting for Norma to del breakfast. The box sits on the table between them. Arthur opens up the newspaper.
3) 11) dialog: I couldn't see. It was dark and 1 didn't have my contacts in.
3) 13) dialog: I don't know. But the bus will be here if five minutes... so eat.
4) 0) text: Norma and Walter emerge from the house onto the front por She hands him his LUNCH BOX and a WINTER HAT. SNOW has be to fall from the sky.
4) 2) dialog: Put on your hat... A young girl, DANA ( 13) is waiting at the end of the sidewalk. She is wrapped head-to-toe in warm clothes... EARMUFFS and SCARF around her neck.
4) 4) dialog: Good morning, Dana.
4) 7) dialog: I'm thirty-one!
4) 9) dialog: Well you'll be a geezer one day too, smarty-pants.
4) 16) dialog: 
4) 19) dialog: My love embarrasses you?
4) 21) dialog: What if I give little Walter a little kiss in front of all his friends on the school bus? Dana's eyes widen. A MISCHIEVOUS GRIN emerges from behind scarf that covers the lower part of her face.
4) 29) dialog: Dana... you're baby-sitting for us tonight, right?
4) 31) dialog: Eight o'clock.
4) 33) dialog: Bus-Driver Bud! Merry Christmas...
5) 7) dialog: Rex Morgan... I need you back here no later than seven. Rehearsal dinner starts at eight. Arthur grabs his BRIEFCASE and a BASKETBALL.
5) 9) dialog: Don't get stuck in Friday traffic...
5) 11) dialog: Not in the house!
5) 13) dialog: It's fine. She pushes him toward into the FAMILY ROOM... opening the door that leads out to the garage. They exit the house and the CAMERA drifts back toward the kitchen table... moving in toward the box.
6) 0) text: The GARAGE DOOR opens and both of the LEWIS FAMILY CARS b out at the same time, almost choreographed in perfect uni Arthur drives a SILVER 1975 PONTIAC TRANS-AM. Norma drive WHITE 1976 OLDSMOBILE STATION WAGON with WOOD WALLS. They pull out onto MONUMENT AVENUE, cars pointing in oppo directions. Arthur rolls down his window.
6) 2) dialog: From you?
6) 10) dialog: 
6) 14) dialog: Don't be late tonight.
8) 0) text: The CAMERA pulls back from .a sign at the entrance to COLLEGIATE... an exclusive PRIVATE SCHOOL. Norma's STATIO WAGON pulls into the school parking lot.
9) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks with Norma as makes her way through the CROWDED HALLWAY... filled with LOUD TEENAGERS from the ag 9-18. Her limp. has gotten worse. She WINKS at someone... then turns a corner and the CAMER whips around to reveal WALTER standing at his locker. He closes the door, revealing Dana and another friend named CHARLES ( 12) standing there.
11) 0) text: Norma sits across from the desk of WILLIAM POATES (45), t principal of the school.
11) 2) dialog: So what does that mean for me?
11) 4) dialog: Starting when?
11) 6) dialog: Okay.
11) 13) dialog: Yeah, me too. I've got three weeks to figure out how to tell my son we can't afford to send him to Collegiate any more. The drop of blood has begun to flow down onto his upper l
11) 15) dialog: Yeah... your nose is bleeding. Poates reaches for his HANDKERCHIEF and puts it to his fa wiping off the blood. The MORNING BELL rings.
12) 0) text: Norma walks hurriedly down the empty hallway. Her limp ha gotten worse as the morning grind has now begun.
13) 0) text: Norma comes into her CLASSROOM... a SCIENCE LAB with SINK and BUNSEN BURNERS mounted in MARBLE TOP DESKS. Kids are moving about... loud and rambunctious.
13) 1) dialog: Okay... everyone quiet down! Take your seats! Norma moves toward a stack of METAL TRAYS on her desk. In of each tray is a BALL OF BLACK MUSH.
13) 2) dialog: Today is the day many of you have been eagerly awaiting. You get to dissect owl pellets. A MALE STUDENT ( 13) pumps his fist...
13) 12) dialog: Hey... watch the language. You say another cuss word I've gotta send you to detention, okay?
13) 15) dialog: Is what true?
13) 17) dialog: Yes... this is true. The classroom gasps in disgust... others laugh.
13) 18) dialog: Grey forest owls feed upon field mice, squirrels and small birds. The owl will then regurgitate the bones and waste matter in a ball of black mucous. Inside this mucous you will likely find the entire skeleton of its prey. Norma goes to the front of the room and lowers a SCREEN.
13) 19) dialog: I'm going to show you a film about the digestive process of the owl, and how the owl pellet is formed. The classroom whispers with excitement.
18) 0) text: The OWL PELLET FILM is underway. Norma sits in the back o the class next to the projector. She crosses her legs... reaching for her foot... massaging it gently. She cringes clearly in intense pain. Charles looks back at her... noticing this. They make eye contact... and Charles turns back to the screen.
21) 0) text: INSERT: The BONES of a FIELD MOUSE have been re-assembled rough form within the tray... as the OWL PELLET has been ripped apart. The tray belongs to Charles, and he has grown tired of dissecting the owl pellet. He looks up to the head of the class and sees that Norma sitting up on her desk... filing her nails... waiting out last remaining minutes of the period.
21) 7) dialog: Hmmm?
21) 9) dialog: What happened... to my foot?
21) 12) dialog: Well... it's a long story. She looks at her watch.
21) 13) dialog: We've got five minutes until second period. She looks back at her class and sees that their curiosity been piqued. She has no choice now but to tell them.
21) 14) dialog: Alright... I'll tell you what happened to my foot.
23) 1) dialog: And so I go to see the doctor. He goes to take an X-ray of my foot to see if the bones are broken.
25) 0) text: Norma raises up her right shoe to show the class.
25) 1) dialog: They found out that the tissue in four of my toes had been completely
25) 3) dialog: So they have to amputate four of my toes. And then they had to take a bunch of skin from my inner thigh to cover the front of my foot. This is back in 1963... so they didn't have the skin graft techniques they do now.
27) 0) text: Norma turns around and uncrosses her legs. They now dangl over the edge of the lab desk.
27) 1) dialog: You guys want to see it? Now that the secret is out... I don't want you spreading rumors about my mangled foot. The class responds enthusiastically.
27) 2) dialog: Come on... gather round... take a look at the freak show. As the kids gather around... Norma removes her right shoe reveals her disfigured foot... missing every toe but her pinky. A rounded piece of SCAR TISSUE covers the rest of
30) 0) text: Norma emerges from her car carrying GROCERY BAGS in both arms. Walter comes out of the garage with his bike.
30) 1) dialog: Hey honey.
30) 3) dialog: Because you're nine years old. You're not a geezer yet.
30) 5) dialog: We're not buying you a moped, Walter. Stick with the bike... and be home before dark.
31) 0) text: Norma comes into the foyer, groceries in hand. The PHONE ringing.
32) 0) text: Norma comes into the kitchen, sets the groceries down on kitchen table. She grabs the phone off the wall and puts to her ear.
32) 1) dialog: Hello? There is silence on the other end of the line.
32) 2) dialog: Hello? A MOMENT OF SILENCE... then the caller disconnects. Norma hangs up the phone and starts unloading the groceri The box sits on the table... but she takes no notice of i
34) 0) text: Norma sits on the couch... smoking a CIGARETTE. On the TELEVISION... the LOCAL NEWS is playing. The DOORBELL rings.
35) 0) text: Norma opens the front door. A man named ARLINGTON STEWARD (40) is standing there, his body is turned in profile. He is wearing a crisp wool sui and a BLACK HAT, with a BRIEFCASE in his right hand.
35) 2) dialog: Yeah.
35) 5) dialog: Oh, yes. Yes we did.
35) 12) dialog: The button unit. That's what you call it?
35) 14) dialog: Sure. Norma turns and leads him back into the kitchen. She retrieves the button unit from the table.
35) 15) dialog: So what it this thing? I assume you're trying to sell me something?
35) 17) dialog: Yeah? What are you selling?
35) 31) dialog: Are you for real? Arlington smiles back at her.
35) 33) dialog: Who do you work for?
36) 1) dialog: Wait a minute... you're just going to leave me with this thing.
38) 0) text: Norma walks back into the kitchen, holding the key envelo in one hand and the business card in the other. She stares at them both, then down at the box. She then retrieves the key from the envelope and inserts it into t slot, opening the glass dome. She stares at the button for a long moment... then closes dome. She closes her eyes... trying to make sense of what just transpired.
39) 2) dialog: Hey mom.
39) 9) dialog: Nothing... I just... The CAMERA continues to zoom out, revealing her husband, BURNS (50s) laid out in a recliner, watching television.
40) 0) text: Norma stares at the business card.
40) 1) dialog: No... something just happened and...
40) 3) dialog: Nothing. I don't want to talk about it right now.
42) 0) text: Norma twirls the phone cord around her finger.
42) 1) dialog: Hmmm. I think they're spending more on their wedding than we did on our house.
42) 8) dialog: A little, yeah. That damn bone. The skin from my leg, it's not as tough as it should be.
42) 10) dialog: Who?
42) 12) dialog: Well... it's been what... thirteen years? Bound to run into each other at some point, right?
43) 0) text: Norma is now wearing only her BRA AND PANTIES, her hair a make-up flawless. She finishes putting on a pair of DIAMO EARRINGS. As she steps into an elegant COCKTAIL DRESS... we see the deep square shaped SCARS on the inside of her LEFT THIGH.
44) 0) text: Norma comes into the bedroom... and ARTHUR is there... putting on his CUFF LINKS. He is dressed in a TUXEDO. His jacket is laid out on the bed, and next to it is his CHRISTMAS PRESENT. Norma sees it.
44) 1) dialog: What's this?
44) 3) dialog: Oh my god!
44) 10) dialog: Oh my God, Rex... how'd you do it?
44) 12) dialog: I don't know what I'd do without you.
45) 0) text: Norma and Arthur come into the family room, wearing their winter coats. Walter is sitting across the coffee table w Dana. They are playing CARDS. The box is sitting between them.
45) 3) dialog: Yeah... I'll tell you about it in the car. We're running late. Norma leans down and kisses Walter on the cheek.
45) 9) dialog: We'll be home late... your bedtime is ten. Dana watches them go... her eyes transfixed on the box in Norma's hands.
47) 0) text: Norma has the box sitting in her lap while Arthur drives.
47) 1) dialog: And before I could ask him anything else... he got in his car... and he pulled off.
47) 3) dialog: No.
47) 5) dialog: I was little overwhelmed, Arthur.
47) 7) dialog: Those were his exact words.
47) 9) dialog: No.
47) 11) dialog: Yeah. He said it was two-hundred thousand. It looked real to me.
47) 18) dialog: You don't want to know. I think he's a burn victim. Poor thing... half of his face is gone.
47) 20) dialog: I think maybe he's a life insurance salesman. Maybe that's what it is. It's some kind of survey. We push the button and he offers us a discount on a two-hundred thousand dollar life insurance policy. Joke's on us.
50) 2) dialog: What the hell are you doing?!
50) 5) dialog: No!
50) 12) dialog: I don't know. He was... he seemed very sure of himself. If it's some kind of survey... then... he's a really good salesman because I believe him. I believe that he might give us that money.
50) 14) dialog: I don't know. Arthur takes the box back from her. He shakes it... then flips it over. He sees that there is a SINGLE SCREW on th bottom corner that holds it together.
50) 16) dialog: What are you doing? Arthur is now unscrewing the bottom of the box.
51) 0) text: Arthur pops open the trunk and Norma places the box insid He shuts the trunk and they begin to walk toward the entr to the COUNTRY CLUB. Arthur then holds out his hand to hi wife.
51) 2) dialog: Why do you get to hold it?
51) 4) dialog: Neither can you.
51) 6) dialog: Fine. Norma goes through her purse and hands the small envelope him. They move toward the entrance to the country club.
52) 0) text: The CAMERA follows Norma and Arthur into the GRAND BALLRO of the country club. There are several hundred people there... all dressed in black tie. A MASSIVE CHRISTMAS TR sits in the center of the room, surrounded by tables. A PIANO PLAYER plays CHRISTMAS CAROLS up on the stage.
52) 1) dialog: Jesus. All this for a rehearsal dinner... Deborah is so lucky. Remember our rehearsal dinner?
54) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are now seated around a table with both of parents. Bev is running her hand through Arthur's long hair.
54) 5) dialog: Uh-huh. ARTHUR SR. Are you Leonard or Skynard?
54) 18) dialog: Arthur has been working at Nasa.
54) 21) dialog: Arthur made me a new prosthesis for my foot. Some space age formula... it's incredible.
56) 0) text: Susan is now staring at Dr. Stupe. They are joined by DEB BURNS (24), Norma's younger sister and bride-to-be.
56) 4) dialog: You gotta let it go. You gotta learn to forgive and forget.
56) 15) dialog: That's right. He shakes her hand... fascinated by her.
56) 17) dialog: That's right. There he is right over there. She points over to Arthur the bar. Powell looks over at him... and they briefly make eye contact.
59) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are now DANCING among a group of people front of the stage the stage, where a WOMAN SINGER is performing WHITE CHRISTMAS.
59) 1) dialog: Two-hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money, Arthur.
59) 8) dialog: We could get out of Richmond... move to California.
59) 10) dialog: You can't arrest someone for pushing a button, Arthur. It's not a weapon. It's not a gun. We wouldn't be culpable... not in a court of law.
59) 12) dialog: What if it's some murderer on death row in China?
59) 14) dialog: Yeah. Doug and Donna.
59) 17) dialog: I know you better than you know yourself.
59) 19) dialog: Even better than I know you. They spin around on the dance floor.
59) 26) dialog: Life insurance. Arthur gazes across the ballroom toward the bar. Nathan s there alone... finishing his drink.
60) 0) text: Arthur and Norma watch as Jim hoists Nathan up into their with a HYDRAULIC LIFT. He is passed out drunk. Behind him... Dr. Stupe is waiting in line at the valet f his car. He and Norma make eye contact. His eyes dart dow the pavement as he steps into his car.
61) 0) text: Norma and Arthur come into the family room. Dana is aslee the couch. Norma sets the box down on the coffee table an goes to wake Dana.
61) 1) dialog: Dana... Dana's eyes slowly open.
61) 2) dialog: Arthur will drive you home, okay?
61) 4) dialog: Where's Walter?
61) 14) dialog: Can you turn off the Christmas tree lights?
61) 16) dialog: It's a fire hazard.
61) 18) dialog: We could die.
61) 20) dialog: Fine. Leave them on. She goes upstairs... leaving him alone with the glowing t Arthur looks down at the coffee table. The box sits there taunting him. He retrieves the KEY ENVELOPE from his pock and stares at it. He then walks over to the wall and unplugs the Christmas lights.
62) 0) text: Norma and Arthur lay in bed, facing in opposite direction Neither of them can sleep. Arthur rolls over and wraps his arm around her.
64) 0) text: Norma and Deborah emerge from the hair salon with the oth in tow. Lurking down at the end of the sidewalk is Bud Wa Walter's bus-driver. The huge man watches them intensely.
65) 0) text: Norma has Arlington's BUSINESS CARD out. She stares at th number. Arthur comes in with the morning paper. The box sits on the kitchen table. She retrieves the key inserts it into the slot... opening the glass dome. Arthu comes into the kitchen.
65) 1) dialog: We'll never see that much money.
65) 3) dialog: Be realistic Arthur... you work for the government.
65) 5) dialog: We'll never leave Richmond.
65) 7) dialog: We have to put Walter in public school.
65) 14) dialog: Collegiate withdrew the faculty tuition discount.
65) 16) dialog: Yeah. They did.
65) 19) dialog: We'd have to enroll him at Hopewell. Unless...
65) 22) dialog: Yeah. Norma begins to dial the number on the card.
68) 0) text: Norma pauses for a moment... wondering how he could have known it was her.
68) 1) dialog: Is this Mr. Steward?
68) 3) dialog: How did you know it was me... are you tracing this call?
68) 5) dialog: If we push the button... are you going to murder someone?
69) 2) dialog: How will they die?
69) 4) dialog: Are you selling life insurance?
69) 11) dialog: Why do you do this? What do you get out of this deal?
70) 0) text: Norma paces around with the phone.
70) 2) dialog: Can we meet in person? I'd like to see you... before we make our final decision.
70) 4) dialog: Excuse me?
70) 6) dialog: Hello? There is no response.
70) 7) dialog: Mr. Steward? Are you still there? Norma hangs up the phone. She stares at the box... then a her husband, as he sits down across from her.
70) 14) dialog: We're gonna have to pull Walter out of that school.
70) 17) dialog: I'm scared to.
70) 20) dialog: Ladies first. She then reaches out and presses down on the button with index finger.
77) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are sitting across from one another in silence. There is an empty BOTTLE OF WINE on the table.
78) 0) text: Norma and Arthur move toward the front door. Norma puts h eye to the PEEPHOLE. Arlington's disfigured face stares b at her. She opens the door. Arlington stands there smiling... briefcase in hand.
78) 2) dialog: Hi.
78) 4) dialog: Uhh... yeah... it's in the kitchen. Norma goes to the kitchen to retrieve the box, leaving Ar alone with Arlington.
78) 12) dialog: Oh... sorry... Norma reaches into her pocket and retrieves the small envelope and places it in his hand.
79) 1) dialog: You said before that the box is re- programmed...
79) 3) dialog: So now what? Are you gonna go and make the offer to someone else?
80) 3) dialog: I don't know. Arthur paces around... thinking. He then opens the briefc and starts counting through the money.
80) 5) dialog: I don't know.
82) 0) text: Norma stares at the money in the briefcase.
82) 1) dialog: Hey dad...
82) 3) dialog: I need a favor.
82) 5) dialog: I need you to run a license plate for me. Someone just came by the house... and we think he might... (looking to Arthur) He just seemed real suspicious and Arthur got the license plate and I need you to run it.
82) 7) dialog: No... if you could just run the plate and find out whose car it is.
84) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are pacing around the kitchen... thinkin The PHONE rings... Norma answers it.
84) 1) dialog: Hello?
84) 3) dialog: Yeah. Norma begins to write them down.
85) 0) text: Norma is dialing a number with the phone in her lap.
85) 2) dialog: Hi... I'm trying to reach an Arlington Steward.
85) 5) dialog: Yes.
85) 7) dialog: Yes.
85) 19) text: Norma... NORMA
85) 21) text: Tell me this isn't real. Tell me this isn't happening. NORMA
85) 23) text: I don't think I believe you, Norma.
86) 0) text: Arthur backs his car out of the driveway and into the str Norma rides shotgun. Walter is circling around on his bik with some friends in tow.    
87) 0) text: Arthur and Norma drive toward downtown. NORMA
87) 2) text: An owl? NORMA
87) 4) text: Are you hiding anything else from me, Norma? NORMA (DEFENSIVE)
88) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks with Arthur and Norma as they move thro the vast space of the RICHMOND PUBLIC LIBRARY. They arriv the ADULT FICTION section... and the CAMERA moves along t spines of various books until it arrives at the one with call number: F2988.34 Norma removes a BOOK from the shelf and looks at the cove NO EXIT JEAN-PAUL SARTRE
88) 1) text: Norma shows it to Arthur. NORMA
88) 6) text: Never read it. NORMA
88) 7) text: It's a play... I read it in high school. It's about three strangers who find themselves trapped in a room together for all of eternity. They've quickly discover that they've all been sent to hell. Norma turns back to the inside cover of the book. Someone has written in crisp penmanship: RICHMOND TIMES-DISPATCH
89) 0) text: Arthur and Norma approach the circulation desk. A female LIBRARIAN ( 70s) is standing there. NORMA
90) 0) text: Arthur and Norma now sit in front of a MICROFICHE READER long line of wooden desks in the RECORDS ROOM. On the screen... HEADLINES from the year's newspapers scr by... stopping on the headline for SEPTEMBER 3, 1976:
92) 0) text: The CAMERA cranes up toward the GIGANTIC LUNAR LANDER MOD Rain pours down from the night sky. Lightning flashes in distance... several miles away. Thunder rumbles. The CAMERA approaches the UPPER TRESTLE BEAM... which cro the expanse of the structure. Mounted on top of the beam MASSIVE ANTENNAE. Standing on the trestle several yards away from the anten is ARLINGTON STEWARD. He is wearing a rain slicker and is face appears normal. He carries a walkie-talkie in his ri hand. ARLINGTON (INTO WALKIE-TALKIE)
98) 0) text: Arthur turns to Norma. ARTHUR
107) 4) text: Thank you... that's all I need. He hangs up the phone and looks through the glass window his office into the reception area. Standing there through the glass... is a man who looks identical to Arlington Steward. He stands with the normal side of his face in profile. He turns to face Jim... but his face now appears as it did before he was burned. Is this the same person? Jim turns to his receptionist... who waits in the doorway JIM (CONT'D)
122) 0) text: Norma and Arthur are still sitting in front of the microf machine. Norma looks like she is going to faint... her fa has gone white. ARTHUR
122) 1) text: You alright, Norma? NORMA
122) 3) text: Where are you going? NORMA
122) 4) text: Bathroom. Norma moves.taward the main library... leaving Arthur alo
123) 0) text: Norma emerges from the records room and walks toward the circulation desk. As she rounds the corner... Arlington emerges from behind a row of book shelves. Norma stops in her tracks... frozen. He stares her down.
125) 0) text: Norma remains frozen... her mind racing. Arlington smiles her... gesturing toward an empty chair. ARLINGTON
126) 5) text: Tell me Norma... when was the exact moment that you realized you loved your husband? There is something about him that now makes her feel safe willing to tell him anything. NORMA
126) 7) text: And when was this? NORMA
126) 9) text: You became frightened about something. NORMA
126) 11) text: How did he respond when you showed him? NORMA
126) 16) text: Did the glow disappear from his eyes? NORMA
128) 0) text: Arlington now stares directly into Norma's soul. The scar tissue on the left side of his face does not mov when he smiles. It remains frozen... unable to express emotion. ARLINGTON
128) 1) text: And what emotion did you feel when you first laid eyes upon me, Norma? She thinks silently for a moment. NORMA
128) 3) text: You felt what? NORMA
128) 5) text: Pity? NORMA
128) 7) text: You felt love for me? NORMA
128) 9) text: Why? NORMA
128) 13) dialog: I saw all of that pain in your face and I understood it... and I felt an overwhelming feeling of love for you because I knew I'd never feel sorry for myself or my goddamn foot ever again.
130) 0) text: Arlington reaches his hand out to Norma. ARLINGTON
130) 1) text: Take my hand, Norma... She stares at him, unable to move... then takes his hand.
133) 0) text: Arlington leads Arthur inside and closes the door behind Inside the DRAWING ROOM, there are THREE COUCHES made in style.: of the SECOND EMPIRE. The walls are covered in si Renaissance art and the floor is marble. NORMA and WALTER have now been admitted to the drawing ro Norma is dressed in an elegant BLACK GOWN. Walter wears a tuxedo that looks to be nearly identical to the one his father is wearing... and THERE IS A SILK BLINDFOLD WRAPPE AROUND HIS HEAD. He wanders around the room... lost... The dimensions of the room are equal in every way. It is perfect three-dimensional box. Arthur then looks to his wife. He notices that her EYELID are now gone. Arthur then turns to his son. Walter reaches out into the air... seemingly unaware that they are in, the room with him. The CAMERA moves through the wall into another corridor.. BUD WALL... dressed as another VALET, passes by... and th CAMERA moves into another DRAWING ROOM...
137) 0) text: Arthur's eyes pop open... he rolls over... and Norma is asleep in bed next to him. They are both fully dressed in clothes they were wearing in the library. ARTHUR
137) 1) text: Norma... Her eyes open. She looks around... disoriented. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
137) 2) text: Norma... what happened? NORMA
137) 3) text: I don't know. Norma notices Walter standing in the doorway. WALTER
137) 4) text: You came home an hour ago. NORMA
137) 6) text: Neither of you said a word... you just walked into the house like two zombies. Went straight to bed. Arthur and Norma stare at one another, trying to make sen of what has just transpired. NORMA
140) 0) text: Norma, now wearing her BRIDESMAID DRESS, puts a DIAMOND EARRING in her right lobe. She turns to the mirror and ju in her skin... as the face staring back at her has no eyelids.
151) 0) text: Arthur and Norma are standing in a WAITING ROOM in the ch where her sister is about to be married. BRIDESMAIDS and GROOMSMEN are chatting with one another in anticipation o the ceremony. Norma clutches the copy of No Exit. ARTHUR
151) 4) text: And then your eyes... NORMA
151) 6) text: Yeah. NORMA
151) 8) text: What's the last thing you remember? NORMA
152) 0) text: Norma stands next to Deborah as she is about to take her vows. PREACHER
152) 2) text: I do. Norma looks over to Arthur, as he sits in the congregatio He is not paying attention to the wedding. He is reading Sartre's play... The CAMERA zooms into a close-up of the page describing t final scene in the play No Exit:
153) 0) text: The WEDDING PARTY comes pouring out of the church. There massive LAWN south of the entrance. During the holidays i filled with CHRISTMAS TREES for sale, and dozens of ARTS CRAFTS BOOTHS assembled in rows. The CAMERA moves through the crowd to find Norma posing f photos with her fellow bridesmaids out in front of the square. ACROSS THE SQUARE... Bud Wall lurks within the rows of Christmas Trees. He spies Arthur and Walter mingling with parents and Senator Powell, who has TWO SECRET SERVICEMEN standing close by.
155) 0) text: Arthur and Norma move through the courtyard into the wedd reception area... which flows through several TENTS that been erected with HEAT LAMPS and tables covered in WHITE TABLECLOTHS and FLORAL ARRANGEMENTS. Arthur carries the copy of No Exit with him.    
155) 3) text: They soon discover that their eyelids are missing... and for all eternity they will be unable to sleep. Norma remembers most of the play from high school. NORMA
155) 5) text: This is Sartre's vision of hell. NORMA
155) 6) text: Because Hell... is other people. The look into one another's eyes... Norma sees a WAITER p by with a tray of CHAMPAGNE. They both take a glass. Jim crosses the lawn to greet them. JIM
156) 9) text: This Bevilacqua fella... if he tries to contact you or Norma... you have to call me immediately, you understand? ARTHUR
156) 10) text: Yeah. Of course. Arthur looks down at the lawn. Norma is staring back at t
157) 0) text: Norma is now standing up on stage with a MICROPHONE in he hand..,. giving her MAID OF HONOR speech. NORMA
157) 1) text: My little sister once asked me... what's the best thing about being married? Norma looks across the lawn to the table where Arthur is seated, next to Walter and their parents. NORMA (CONT'D)
157) 5) text: That is... until you get divorced. There is laughter from the crowd. Deborah blushes... lean her head on her new husband's shoulder. NORMA (CONT'D)
158) 0) text: Arthur and Norma are now slow dancing. ARTHUR
158) 1) text: Why did you say that? NORMA
158) 3) text: In your speech. That joke about me killing you. NORMA
158) 5) text: Did your dad tell you about Robert Bevilacqua? NORMA
158) 7) text: He shot his wife yesterday morning. Did you know his wife? NORMA
158) 8) text: No. Norma is still searching for some other explanation. NORMA (CONT'D)
158) 14) text: I would like to dance with your wife. Do you mind? Arthur glares at Dr. Stupe. NORMA
158) 15) text: It's okay Arthur... Arthur looks at him... then back at Norma. His face has g pale and he looks for a moment as though he might faint o the dance floor. ARTHUR
158) 19) text: I.. I'm gonna be sick Walter... He places his hand on his son's head for a brief moment a then stumbles up the stairs. ON THE DANCE FLOOR... Norma is now slow dancing with Dr. Stupe.    
158) 21) text: I know what they call me. Dr. Stupid. My patients... the ones who will still see me... they find out what I did and they stop calling. NORMA
158) 24) text: Oh... how they love you, Norma Lewis. And they love your husband... the one who saved you. Did he save your life? Did he rescue you from the oblivion that I manufactured? NORMA
160) 0) text: ON THE DANCE FLOOR... Norma notices her brother NATHAN... sitting alone at his table in his wheelchair. He is drunk lost in his own sadness. He smiles at her... STUPE
160) 4) text: an essential event in the cycle of purgatory and its inevitable conclusion. Norma pulls away from him. Blood drains out of his nose.. STUPE (CONT'D)
167) 0) text: Norma comes down the driveway with her mother and sister. overcome with shock... searching the crowd... NORMA
173) 0) text: Norma rushes down the sidewalk on the perimeter of the square... searching for her son. NORMA
173) 1) text: Walter? A BLACK SEDAN pulls up next to her... and Reston steps ou the car. Norma locks eyes with him... recognizing his face... RESTON
173) 2) text: Mrs. Lewis? Norma Lewis? NORMA
173) 5) text: My name is Reston Steward. I work for the CIA. NORMA
173) 7) text: Please... get into the car. Norma stares at him in disbelief... as he opens the back and gestures inside. RESTON (CONT'D) (GENTLE)
175) 0) text: Arthur steps out of the ambulance and sees that it is par in front of a HOWARD JOHNSON HOTEL on an exit of 1-95. Th hotel has a DINER attached to it. There are more than a dozen POLICE CARS parked in front, along with..several BLACK SEDANS and MILITARY VEHICLES. Arthur hears the rumble of a HELICOPTER circling the sky above them. Its SEARCHLIGHT sweeps through the forest. In front of the diner entrance... more than a DOZEN MEN operate VIDEO CAMERAS and STILL CAMERAS mounted on tripod all pointed toward the front window of the diner. Teague is standing with Cahill and Reston, along with sev other MILITARY PERSONNEL. Arthur notices Norma as she emerges from a BLACK SEDAN... looks exhausted... delirious. NORMA
175) 3) text: Norma! She hugs him... neither has slept in two days. NORMA
175) 7) text: Take a walk with us. Norma and Arthur begin to walk with Reston, Teague and Ca toward the diner entrance. RESTON (CONT'D)
175) 24) text: We've run the data sequence off the server more than a thousand times. Each time... this one photo in the sequence comes out of the dark room just like this. We can't explain why. Arthur hands the photo back to Cahill. NORMA
175) 26) text: I think the same thing that it wanted from Bevilacqua... except that poor boy is no longer around to tell us why he shot his wife. NORMA
175) 32) text: Please do not interfere... as I assure you that if you do... there will be dire consequences... Reston then turns to face Arthur and Norma. RESTON (CONT'D)
175) 33) text: Time is of the essence... and I'd like to invite my guests inside. Reston opens the door to the diner and gestures to Arthur Norma for them to come inside.
176) 0) text: Arthur, Norma and Reston make their way down the long ais of the diner, flanked by a row of booths, across from a l LUNCH COUNTER with a metal surface. Arlington sits alone in a booth. He pivots his head aroun face them. ARLINGTON
176) 2) text: Don't be frightened by my manner of communication... but it is becoming more difficult for me to speak, given my body's... condition. NORMA
180) 0) text: Norma closes her eyes... the impending sense of dread building inside of her. RESTON/ARLINGTON
182) 0) text: Blood is now flowing out of Reston's left nostril. Both Arthur and Norma recoil in horror. RESTON/ARLINGTON
182) 9) text: At the exact moment that her spirit departs the earth, this curse upon your son will be reversed, and both of his impaired senses will instantaneously return to normal.    
182) 15) text: And if Norma's fingers so much as touch the weapon at any point from this moment on... the restoration of Walter's sight and sound will be denied. NORMA
183) 0) text: Arthur and Norma emerge from the diner in a state of delirium. A SOLDIER pulls up in Arthur's TRANS-AM. He ste out of the car and holds the door open. Teague and Cahill approach... as MEN in dark suits snap hundreds of photographs of the couple. Cahill puts his hand on Arthur's shoulder... searching fo words. Teague glances inside the diner... then back at Arthur. Arthur nods his head slowly... his mind lost... and he li toward the car with Norma at his side.
184) 0) text: Norma sits behind the wheel... allowing Arthur to ride shotgun. He looks weakened by the whole ordeal, and she i afraid he might pass out. ARTHUR
184) 1) text: Tell me this isn't happening, Norma. NORMA
186) 0) text: Arthur sits shotgun as Norma drives them home. They have riding in silence for quite some time now, having reached level of complete mental and physical exhaustion. NORMA
186) 2) text: Yeah... and? NORMA
186) 5) text: Why? NORMA
186) 6) text: Because I was so afraid of losing you to someone prettier than me. Arthur just stares at her... unsure how to respond. NORMA (CONT'D)
187) 2) text: Did my dad tell you why he loves you, Norma? Norma realizes that she has been involved all along. Bloo drains from her nose. NORMA
187) 5) text: It says that the soul that leaks is the soul that endures. It is the kindest and bravest soul of them all. NORMA
189) 0) text: Norma and Arthur come up the stairs and round the corner the hallway. Walter's HAND reaches out through the crack beneath the door. Norma tries to open the door but there is a MASSIVE LOCK installed on it. NORMA
189) 1) text: Walter! Norma reaches down and takes her son's hand. WALTER
189) 2) text: Who's there?! Who's there?! NORMA
191) 1) text: We need to kick the door down. NORMA
191) 4) text: Who's there? Who's there? Norma rises to her feet. NORMA
191) 5) text: Come downstairs, Arthur. She takes his left hand... as he clutches Walter's hand i his right. NORMA (CONT'D)
193) 0) text: Arthur and Norma stand across from one another in the kitchen. Arthur holds the GUN in his right hand... and he slowly limps over to his wife and takes her into his arms ARTHUR
193) 1) text: Norma... NORMA
193) 5) text: I love you too... and please know... that I regret nothing in this life we've lived together. NORMA
195) 0) text: FROM UPSTAIRS... thump... thump... their son's head bangi against the door... NORMA
195) 3) text: Let's get on with it. Arthur kisses her... then steps back... still clutching h hand... raises the gun... and fires off a round into her heart. Norma collapses... Arthur falls with her... breaking her with his arms as they collapse into a heap onto the linol floor.
197) 0) text: Arthur looks down into his wife's eyes as the life drains from her body. Seconds later... Norma is dead.    
204) 0) text: A CORONER places a BLANKET over Norma's face as the house sealed off by various CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATORS and other police.