5) 0) text: We see that we've been looking out from the bedroom window of this house. Klute turns to rolltop desk in bedroom and picture of Tom Grunemann, picture of Bree Daniel, and other material he has collected on the case. He puts them in his suitcase and closes the suitcase. He shuts rolltop desk.
7) 0) text: A section of wall, a door coming open -- and the FIGURE of BREE entering and standing. We have gone from the warm sunlight of the country to mustv darkness. She appears chic, poised, and perfect as a magazine picture. But as she gets used to the darkness and her eyes focus on a line of equally beautiful girls sitting and waiting in folding chairs along a wall, we see that she is a great deal less certain of demeanor. Assailable. WE CUT TO -
9) 6) dialog: Strangle him to death funny?
10) 0) text: They trudge along the sidewalk -- the herd, the late-afternoon crush. A LONG-LENS shot, the crowd compacted. We see BREE milling along with the rest. She maneuvers to a sidewalk PHONE BOOTH, enters. We see her deposit, dial.
11) 1) dialog: Bree Daniel, any messages? (waits -- none) OK, thanks. She waits for a moment. Then makes a curious, small gesture of her hand -- deposits another dime, dials again, is answered.
11) 2) dialog: Trina? Bree. Do I? Oh no, just a commercial I thought I might get, that's all. (quickly, more brightly) Well I'd take a quick thirty, hon. Do you have a commuter for me? Wait. As she prepares to write it down, we CUT BACK TO -
13) 0) text: A GROUP -- middle-aged Couple, Child, Bellman with suitcases -- wait to descend in elevator as BREE gets off. We TRACK with her along corridor to a door. She checks number and knocks.
13) 2) dialog: Hullo. He mumbles some kind of greeting, steps back. She pauses a moment in the door (casing, instantly) -- then quite confident, friendly, provocative all at once --
13) 3) dialog: Ooh, I knew I'd like you. -- and CUT TO --
15) 0) text: C.U. BREE (the Man out of frame and unheard-from) as she bargains gaily -- and at the same time a little watchfully.
15) 1) dialog: Lover, that's got to be a little extra. I mean it sounds very exciting, what you speak of, you've got me all excited. But something special like that, you know it's got to cost a little more, mm? -- and CUT TO --
17) 1) dialog: Oh lover, oh it's too much -- oh you thrill me -- yes, like that, it's -- oh it's beautiful, oh -- -- and at the same time refers privately to her wristwatch. And CUT TO --
19) 0) text: BREE moves along street, returning home, apprehensive of the one or two other distant FIGURES. She turns in at one of the Brownstones.
20) 0) text: We watch Bree as she mounts to the top floor, the door of her apartment, barren, isolated, frightened.
21) 0) text: BREE unlocks the door, switches on a light, cases the apartment for a moment before entering, securing chain-lock, putting aside her things. There is a RECORD PLAYER near the first interior doorway. She switches it as she moves by. By time the first record has dropped, she has the shower turned on, is getting rid of her dress. We CUT BACK
23) 0) text: Bree sits on a studio couch, near the record player, with a QUILT huddled over and around her, her back against the wall. The MUSIC is classical, curiously -- the sound of a HARPSICHORD. She is more or less expressionless -- but trembling violently, shaking.
23) 4) dialog: 
23) 5) dialog: (through door, curtly) What is it?
23) 8) dialog: What about?
23) 10) dialog: You said that.
23) 12) dialog: Who?
23) 14) dialog: (innocently) Gee.
23) 16) dialog: Why?
23) 18) dialog: Honest?
23) 20) dialog: (gumbo-southern) Dew yew hayuv ah-dentifikyshun? He takes out a folded letter and a wallet and passes them both through to her. Silence. She examines them with care, then appears to soften a little; even smiles slightly.
23) 21) dialog: You're not police or FBI; you're just a private investigator?
23) 23) dialog: And you just want to ask me a few questions?
23) 25) dialog: Bree listens through the door to his departing foot steps. They fade from hearing. She hastens to assemble her properties.
26) 0) text: Bree has shifted position to a window, is looking down at the street. She sees - and we hear - SOUND OF BUS APPROACHING, distantly. She grabs her properties, whips out the door.
27) 0) text: Bree skids to a stop just inside the door, scans quickly out in one direction then the other (in case Klute has been waiting in ambush on the sidewalk) then races -- PAN -- to BUS AT CURB -- makes it, pulls herself aboard --
29) 0) text: BREE is showing her notebook to an AGENT. He leans forward courteously, occasionally stroking his forehead with his fingertips -- a nice man with a headache.
29) 1) dialog: -- and I take acting classes with Lee Tainter --
29) 3) dialog: -- and I was in two of his workshop type productions, Uncle Vanya and the girl in Five Characters -- (indicates picture) -- here -- and then of course I have the modeling and the demonstrator work, the trade-fair work -- but naturally I feel ready for something more, well you know, sustain --
29) 5) dialog: (beautifully -- the business) Thank you very much.
30) 0) text: BREE comes out, pauses with notebook to cross out, the call completed, checks the list of those remaining, sets forth again. We hear TRASK'S VOICE OVER, very quick, very clipped.
31) 4) dialog: Bree Daniel. (then) Yeah, hi hon.
32) 0) text: Camera is looking up through lighted window outside at BREE on phone.
32) 1) dialog: Oh hon, I just don't know. I'm trying to stay out of it.
33) 0) text: CAMERA pans down from BREE's window to KLUTE's window at the bottom revealing KLUTE at tape recorder. The TAPE RECORDER is going, its light winking. KLUTE holds headset against one ear, makes a note or two. We hear BREE's and other GIRL'S VOICES, UNDER, FILTERED.
33) 2) dialog: Marta, thanks, and I'd love to party with you hon, but -- Klute sets down the headset (we drop the VOICES far under, INDISTINGUISHABLE), makes a note, and thumbs open the box of a fresh reel; the present reel is near the end. We establish a pile of ALREADY RECORDED TAPES. We CUT BACK TO --
34) 1) dialog: Well try to get someone else Marty and if I change my mind -- sure hon, bye. She hangs up, starts away. The PHONE RINGS AGAIN. She tries to ignore it. It persists. She finally turns back to answer it, and we CUT TO --
35) 0) text: CAMERA STARTS on huge photo montage of the Family of Man and pans down to a group of beautiful girls sitting on a bench below. They are dwarfed by the enormous picture. Each one clutches an almost identical portfolio of pictures in her lap. Camera pans down row of portfolios until it stops at BREE  - impatiently waiting her turn. WE CONTINUE THE TELEPHONE VOICES OVER, WILD TRACK STYLE. The MAN'S VOICE is thick with drink, and emotion. First the click, then --
35) 1) dialog: Bree Daniel --
35) 3) dialog: That's nice; who is this?
36) 0) text: Bree comes out from the building (note possible costume change; not necessarily consecutive action), checks off on her list continues on her way -- as we CONTINUE WILD TRACK STYLE VOICES. Starting with a CLICK and --
36) 1) dialog: Bree Daniel.
36) 3) dialog: Oh yeah, hi Frank, sure.
36) 5) dialog: Well Frank that's awful nice but I'm out of action, sort of, you know -- We FADE THIS CONVERSATION UNDER BUT HOLD, CONTINUING, as -- BREE PASSES CAMERA -- and we PAN TO SHOT OF KLUTE, at corner, unseen by her and apparently in surveillance of her. Then he too turns out of frame, and we CUT TO --
37) 0) text: CAMERA is looking down at an enormous gift package on a platform. There is a sound of a recorded fanfare and with the pull of a string the package is opened revealing a brand new LINCOLN CONTINENTAL CONVERTIBLE. People applaud and the car starts to revolve. At the wheel of the car sits BREE. We CUT to a shot through the windshield of car --
39) 0) text: POV world revolving around BREE through windshield of car. The circular motion slows down and then stops. Cut to BREE getting out of car and walking off platform. She looks a bit shaky. She is stopped by one of the spectators.
40) 1) dialog: (on phone) Marta --
41) 0) text: We are in the interior of what was once a church and is now a discotheque. Interior is painted purple; the record player stands on the altar over the crowd. Pews are massed around the dance floor. Stained glass windows are lighted from behind and are circled with light bulbs that flash on and off. For all of its obviously bizarre visual quality, there is a sense of relaxation. It is a late night gathering place of many who belong to the sexual underworld of the city. BREE and the OTHER GIRL advance to a pew. A MAN sitting there (the other girl's pimp) with a THIRD GIRL. BREE's companion greet him shyly, tenderly: she and BREE sit down, join in conversation. PULL BACK SLOWLY -- other pews, other girls and a few men, the sisterhood -- To --
42) 0) text: CLOSEUP photograph of TOM GRUNEMANN pinned to a large piece of beaverboard KLUTE has placed on a wall. CAMERA PANS over various pictures and pieces of evidence KLUTE has pinned up in an attempt to make some sense from the puzzle of TOM GRUNMIANN's disappearance. CAMERA PANS over to KLUTE sitting on cot looking up at the pieces of the puzzle. There is a heated TV dinner in front of him. The TAPE RECORDER reels start turning (sound powered), the recording light starts winding (as BREE, above, dials). KLUTE pays it scant attention  - he can catch up with the news anytime. He sits manfully in front of the TV dinner, starts peeling back the foil --
43) 1) dialog: Hi. Bree. (is greeted) Hi. Well I could come over tonight  - if you'd like -- if there's no one else. (laughs diffidently) I really want to just talk to you.
45) 0) text: Large, dark buildings -- a DIM-LIGHTED WINDOW showing at an upper floor of one -- the street otherwise by and large deserted. A TAXI draws in, a FIGURE IN EVENING DRESS (Bree) gets out, approaches the building, glances around, either secretly or apprehensively -- presses a buzzer, waits, gets answering CLICKS, enters the dark hallway of the building, starts upstairs.
46) 0) text: KLUTE shifts into view, looking in the direction Bree's gone, a little puzzled all in all. He doesn't immediately follow; he waits.
47) 2) dialog: Hi? -_
47) 4) dialog: Oh -- He moves toward her.
47) 5) text: Mr. Faber is a man of 65 or so, rather handsome, and for this occasion very spruce, very erect, very nattily turned out. Bree complains cheerfully.
47) 6) dialog: You scared me, Mr. Faber. He smiles, kisses her cheek, tests the fabric of her evening dress -- (in passing, as a matter of expertise).
47) 8) text: A dim pool of light here. A private area here, sectioned off by rows of garments. A couch, rug, coffee table, a chair or two -- a place for Buyers to take their ease. BREE and MR. FABER enter. Her manner is suddenly elegant, assured, regal; his befits a man of the world. He fits the cloak around her shoulders and gestures to the couch; she sits. He pours a glass of wine for her, for himself. She speaks with a neat continental accent -- doing it fairly well, really -- a member of the international set.
47) 9) dialog: Oh thank you. He sits in the chair opposite, sips his wine.
47) 11) dialog: (diffident) It's good to see you. Well -- could we do it first and then just talk?
47) 13) dialog: Well -- well I'm just back. And -- I must tell you -- something quite wonderful.
47) 15) dialog: And Cannes was quite fun, quite; and we played baccarat and chemindefer and there was a nice little Italian marquis quite enthusiastic for me -- but a young man can be so silly --
47) 17) dialog: And then one night -- at the gaming tables -- well I just saw him. A stranger -- looking at me -- and I knew suddenly that all my life I'd been -- She hesitates strangely, her fingers at the neck of the cape. Faintly --
47) 18) dialog: -- May I? It's so --
47) 20) dialog: Not young; he wasn't young -- gray at the temples, he -- well actually he looked like you.
47) 22) dialog: And nobody could tell me who he was -- an exiled prince or a mercenary or a bullfighter or -- but I felt it stirring inside me, this -- this wild, pagan feeling --
48) 1) text: BREE is farther along in her narrative, more fervent in manner. MR. FABER sits at the edge of his seat, ducking his head now and then in pleasure, but making no move to molest her.
48) 2) dialog: And next day at the beach -- our beach pavilion -- I saw him again, his eyes burning into me. I was helpless. Without his even speaking to me, without his even touching, I knew that somehow -- somehow -- She casts away an accessory garment. Mr. Faber burns her with his eyes --
49) 1) text: Klute sees Mr. Faber first -- clearly a senior citizen -- sitting transfixed, fastened in some private dream. Then BREE drifts into view -- stands -- lets fall the evening dress about her ankles, poses -- drifts out of view again --
50) 0) text: Near the entrance, outside the door to KLUTE's apartment below. We open on BREE. She shouts angrily, miserably --
50) 1) dialog: Whyn't you just cut out? We WIDEN TO INCLUDE KLUTE. Now she begins to get it. He turns, opens door to his room below. She comes slowly down steps.
51) 1) dialog: Oh you bastard. But then she adjusts -- a frightened but matter-of fact hooker --
51) 2) dialog: Is it the shakedown hon? You picked a loser, I just don't have it.
51) 4) dialog: (vehemently again) If I was taking calls full time would I be living in this kip? I'd be back on Park Avenue; I could support the whole National Guard!
51) 6) dialog: Or you'll get me shoved back in the brig you mean; another month with the bull-dykes. She seems to have expressed it; the balance of power. She turns, goes out, heads upstairs. Klute unhurriedly takes up his folder of notes, then follows.
52) 0) text: Bree disposes her belongings. Klute moves to table. There is a group of plants on the table that long since died of neglect. He notices them and the disorganization of the room without comment, opens his folder, rummages for the photographs. Then, exasperatedly --
52) 1) dialog: Look, I told the police everything: I don't even remember the schlub! Klute doesn't respond. Klute sets out a photograph for her to look at.
52) 4) dialog: They showed me that one. I understand it's Grunemann, but I told them, I just don't remember. Klute tosses down a second photograph.
52) 7) dialog: (cool) A family sort of man. Klute grunts, meaning 'yes'. She echoes his grunt, meaning we don't know what. He tosses another --
52) 12) dialog: Isn't that sweet. (then) Well it could be any one of them bubi; I get to see them all. She separates from Klute, around the table (but remains standing, restless). Klute puts photo aside, prepares to take notes, as she pleads --
52) 13) dialog: Look -- please -- will you just try to get it from my side? A year ago. I was in the life fulltime. I was living on Park with leather furniture and a million dresses. Then they dropped on me, the fuzz, they caged me -- they started asking me about a man, some man, I'm supposed to have seen a year before that. Two years ago, two. He could be in Yemen! She waits for Klute to respond -- he doodles permissively on his pad of paper -- she goes on.
52) 14) dialog: A name. Grunemann. Nothing. And they showed me pictures like this and they meant nothing. Then they asked me, well had I been getting letters, from someone out there in Cabbageville --
52) 16) dialog: All right, yes, I had been. Those sick, wild letters -- I'm watching you, gonna follow you, gonna punish you, kill you et cetera. Well, they said, all right that's Grunemann. So try to remember when you and he  - when -- well I don't know, there was that dumper once, he sounded like that dumper -- (explains) Dumpers; they get their kicks beating you up. A man hired me once, then tried to really kill me  - that'd be about two years ago. Without warning she wheels to the open windows, and shouts out full-voiced -- both startling and somewhat intriguing Klute --
52) 17) dialog: (shouts) OK Tommy-baby, Allie-Allie-in-free kid, I got the gumdrops. Turns around again, to Klute. Cheerfully --
52) 18) dialog: You remind me of my uncle.
52) 20) dialog: Nothing. Except he wasn't kidding. Usually it's a fakeout, you probably know. They pretend to tie you up, and you wear a dress with a cloth belt and they pretend to whip you or you -- (beat) Hell it's their money. I'll hang from the shower rod and whistle Maytime. Except this guy was really tripped out on it; he --
52) 22) dialog: I can't say he was anybody! A brief pause. Klute sorts his notes. She may take it that he's packing to leave -- hopes so anyhow. For an instant we see the undefended girl underneath --
52) 23) dialog: So -- OK -- that's all? Then again she changes manner -- remembering a practical problem, approaching it as a matter-of fact hooker.
52) 24) dialog: Well could I have them back now hon? -- those tape recordings you've got downstairs -- OK? -- and if you want you can have a good time and I'll have a good time and--
52) 27) dialog: Just phone calls, right? They ring, you answer, they don't say anything, just blank. Kids getting kicks. Burglars looking for an empty apartment. I mean there is nothing that proves --
52) 29) dialog: (interrupts -- awkwardly) Look -- I'm sorry -- I've led everybody wrong. I mean yes, I get those feelings, but that's just me, that's just feelings. (beat) I'm sure this will amuse you; I'm scared of the dark. And sometimes I get shook up, I hear people or -- well, I'll come out in the morning and think someone's been prying at my mailbox, or there's a little -- trash outside my door and I wonder if someone left it there for -- do you see? -- things other people wouldn't even notice. Well that's not real, it's just nerves; it's got nothing to do with -- The PHONE RINGS. She startles. Then approaches with some difficulty -- but then answers with complete calm in her Smith-girl voice.
52) 30) dialog: Bree Daniel. (listens. Brightly) Oh yes, Ted Carlin, how is Ted? (listens) Oh, well, thank you very much but maybe the next time you're in town? (listens) Well I just love Ted and I'd love to meet you -- you have a very nice voice -- but I just -- (listens, grows impatient) Well I'm having a chat with a very nice cop. Actually not a real cop; he's a private inves -- A BUZZING from the phone; the connection abruptly broken. She hangs up, recites.
52) 32) dialog: Most of them.
52) 34) dialog: How would I remember?
52) 36) dialog: (patient) You're very square. Pimps don't get you dates, cookie; they just take the money. Klute takes up the slip of paper previously given him by Trask. In the same manner as before --
52) 38) dialog: (trembling) Look, I'm sure this'll amuse you too. Ilia trying to get away from all that.
52) 40) dialog: You saw that, goddamn you? You saw it? He's seventy. His wife's dead. He started cutting garments at fourteen. His whole life, he's maybe had a week's vacation, I'm all he has and he never, never touches me, and what harm in it, what -- She chokes -- then goes on --
52) 41) dialog: Klute, tell me, what's your bag? Are you a talker, or a button man or a doubler, or maybe you like them very young -- children -- or get your chest walked around with high-heeled shoes, or have us watch you tinkle? Or --
52) 44) dialog: -- You want to wear women's clothes, or you get off ripping things -- She grabs up the company picture, raging on --
52) 45) dialog: -- you perverted hypocrite square bastards.
52) 48) dialog: Gee I hope this doesn't make my cold any worse.
52) 50) dialog: (casual, pleasant) Mm? Oh, he was my old man. We broke up. She wanders away toward a bureau. Her shirt seems to itch her; she scratches her ribs. Then opens drawer, takes out a different shirt as --
52) 54) dialog: What? This?
52) 57) dialog: (ingenuously) I thought you could trick me for those tapes. Don't you get lonely in that little green room? Or let me get you someone; I have terrific friends, wild.
52) 59) dialog: Gee. I've had men pay two hundred dollars for me -- here, you're turning down a freebie. (pause) You can get a perfectly good dishwasher for that. He has risen, is approaching her slowly -- carrying his notes as if to check something. She is hopeful again --
52) 60) dialog: You've changed your mind? You do want to play?
52) 65) dialog: (manages, barely) I go on rounds.
52) 67) dialog: You go see agents -- or Equity calls, open casting calls. And ad agencies -- commercials -- you don't get work, you just go around. Klute has strolled out of view from above -- instantly flattens himself against the wall, eases the door open, about to slip and charge. As Bree labors on --
52) 68) dialog: And they're always polite -- show people -- they say thank you very much. You lie there covered with blood, smiling, they say --
61) 0) text: Bree has wrapped herself in the quilt -- standing up against a corner shivering, immobilized. We hear KLUTE'S FOOTSTEPS DESCENDING -- she flinches -- he enters.
61) 3) dialog: Well do you think it was him?
61) 5) dialog: Can't you get him?
61) 7) dialog: (pause) You asked me where I got that date with the dumper -- Frank sent me on it.
61) 9) dialog: He never told me.
62) 0) text: A shot catching the edge of CENTRAL PARK itself -- our first small view of greenery -- to the tall, be limousined APARTMENT BUILDINGS OF C.P.W. The FIGURES OF KLUTE, BREE walking upstreet, turning under one of the canopies -- (Klute carries a zipper book-case).
64) 1) dialog: What did you expect? Frankie still has a good string, three girls. Figure three hundred a week from each.
65) 0) text: The BUZZER sounding, FRANK LIGOURIN crossing to open the door for BREE, KLUTE. Cheerful, hospitable, nice, unpretentious.
65) 3) dialog: Frank -- Klute.
65) 5) dialog: Frank, he knows you're a pimp. He knows you were my pimp. Short silence. Then with the tact of a gentleman dealing with rude, difficult woman --
66) 3) dialog: Yeah Frank, I know that. She yanks at the elevator doors. But the elevator's not here yet. She turns away sharply into the door marked "Stairway". He turns back to his apartment.
68) 0) text: BREE sits, looks with curiosity at housewives her age -- bringing their children in from the park, as if trying to imagine what their lives could be like. KLUTE emerges from elevator.
69) 1) dialog: Did you like my friend Frankie?
69) 3) dialog: Didn't he tell you what you wanted?
69) 5) dialog: About the dumper, didn't he tell you that?
69) 7) dialog: (coldly) Well -- she's dead. At the corner he slows, starts unzipping his bookcase as if indicating a change of route.
69) 8) dialog: I thought you were going back to the apartment.
69) 10) dialog: Oh golly, oh just what I've always dreamed of, dirty phone calls. (then) How come?
69) 12) dialog: (grudgingly) Is there anything more I could --
69) 14) dialog: What're you gonna do next?
69) 16) dialog: What do I do meanwhile? -- wait for that clown to fall through the skylight on me?
69) 18) dialog: You said it was!
69) 20) dialog: Oh -- wait -- oh I get it. You said that just to keep me scared. So I'd tell you everything I -- oh clever; oh you smart, tricky hick.
69) 22) dialog: (harshly) Hey, but did we get to you, Klute? A little?
69) 24) dialog: -- Us city folks? The sin, the glitter, the wickedness?
69) 26) dialog: Goodbye. She turns smartly away, deposits the tapes in passing in a litter box, departs. Klute looks after her for a moment, then turns on his way. Then --
70) 0) text: Klute, in pajama bottoms, lies in bed. A miserably hot humid night. KNOCK at the door. He answers. BREE stands in the doorway in bare feet.
70) 1) dialog: What the hell do you mean, pathetic? She walks in past him, sits down on the edge of his bed.
70) 3) dialog: It got lonely upstairs. There's someone on the roof. He takes her seriously, starts to move.
70) 4) dialog: Oh, don't be a doo-doo.
70) 6) dialog: (placidly) Ezra, I'm lots better than you're used to. Tell me -- the other night, watching me with Mr. Faber -- wasn't your tongue a little bit hanging out?
70) 8) dialog: So you're not too different from him, or the chap on the roof, or Tommy-baby -- He starts for the bed, as if to lift her onto her feet. She takes off her robe and swings her legs up, and under the sheet.
70) 9) dialog: Look, if you don't use it somebody else just will. And you've done your whole bit with me, your entire duty, and so now this is my thing. So enjoy, Mr. Faber would say, enjoy. Under the sheet she unlooses her pajama bottoms, kicks them away, starts unbuttoning the shirt.
70) 11) dialog: Oh don't be all hypocrite. Or do you really like other kicks? Is it more just having power over someone? -- so you don't really need to -- He tries to rebutton the pajama shirt. She catches his hand, thrusts it underneath. In grief and anger
70) 13) dialog: Who the hell are you, buttoning me up?
70) 20) dialog: I knew it, I knew it, a killer.
70) 23) dialog: Oh lover -- oh you thrill me -- oh, it's beautiful -- oh yes, yes -- oh like that, like that, yes --
70) 27) dialog: What's the matter hon? You were great. Terrific. A tiger.
70) 29) dialog: Well what're you down about? You mean because you didn't get me there? (pause, comfortingly) You can't expect that. I mean Frank, yes, he'd get me there all the time -- but never with a John. She sits up, gropes her pajamas from the floor, puts them on. In the same fond tone --
70) 30) dialog: And I'm sorry I can't stay and learn your special little games. And I certainly don't want you to feel bad about this -- losing your virtue all of a sudden -- because I sort of knew you would. As I said, like everyone, right? She has the pajamas and robe on, pauses near the door --
70) 31) dialog: Besides - you can always tell yourself you made me come downstairs. Ta, luv.
71) 0) text: A WIDE SHOT. An open casting call in an Off Broadway Theatre. Darkness, except for the work light onstage. A small GROUP there -- onstage -- including the figure of BREE. Just offstage, the figures of DIRECTOR (JANG) and a PRODUCER. And the rest of the theatre, the audience section, dotted with the heads of ACTORS, ACTRESSES waiting for their turns. Bree's voice rings out across the gloom.
71) 1) dialog: -- Why?
71) 2) text: The others stand rigid as statues, facing dead front -- an experimental drama, clearly -- all holding scripts, as Bree hastens from one to another, fiercely, imploringly --
71) 3) dialog: Why -- please, why? -- Why lose, why look? Why hate and give and want and love? Why get, grieve, g --
71) 5) dialog: -- gug -- gug -- -- then toward Jang, a bit succinctly, indicating script --
71) 6) dialog: Why? -- I want to know what.
72) 0) text: Bree comes out, turns.
72) 2) dialog: When? Pause. Impasse.
72) 4) dialog: Arlyn Page.
72) 6) dialog: Frankie kept them in the same apartment: it cut his travel-time.
72) 8) dialog: Arlyn had a very big habit - heroin - she's the one who started Frank. She's strung out now; you won't find her.
72) 10) dialog: I can make that in a lunch break! (then) Look, Hiram, you're sure it isn't just me? -- you decided you liked it, after all, the other night; you'll hang around for seconds?
73) 0) text: In the small hours. The same place seen previously, the gathering place. KLUTE, BREE arriving and entering.
74) 0) text: Klute and Bree head toward the rear. Her arrival causes a little stir. She exchanges greetings with one or two, is watched by others.
74) 1) dialog: Joanie -- Mike, hi -- (to another, a Negro girl) Hi Pat.
74) 3) dialog: A new daddy. I'n he cute? Bree leads on to where --
74) 5) dialog: Trina this is Klute. I told you about him.
74) 7) dialog: Uh uh.
74) 9) dialog: (patiently) Trina honey, he just wants to find Arlyn Page. Trina undergoes a change of demeanor. Flatly --
74) 11) dialog: (prods gently) She was with you after she left Frank.
75) 0) text: We dolly with KLUTE &amp; BREE as they walk in front of a row of tables. This night spot is totally black except for a series of huge slide projections on the wall in back of the tables. The slides, which change every few seconds are elegant representations of the beautiful people living the good life as seen in such magazines as VOGUE, TOWN &amp; COUNTRY &amp; HARPERS BAZAAR. The customers sitting in the darkness below provide a direct contrast to the pictures in back. The silhouette figures of BREE &amp; KLUTE stop at a table seating three people, two call girls and a pimp. CAMERA moves in.
75) 3) dialog: Gil? The pimp looks distrustfully at Klute who reassures
76) 0) text: It is a very small penthouse. KLUTE &amp; BREE stand in the small living room waiting for JANIE DALE. There are two very casually dressed prostitutes sitting around the living room. One sits at an upright piano playing of all things STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT. Another one sits on a couch talking to a Wall Street Broker who is spending his lunch hour. KLUTE finds himself staring down into a pile of pornography magazines on the coffee table. BREE is amused at his discomfort. JANIE DALE, the madame, who has been on the phone in the back, puts the receiver down and crosses to the girl on the couch. JANIE looks and talks a bit like Lauren Bacall.
80) 5) text: We still HOLD WIDE to establish the scene. This is a genuine slum. We see Bree, Klute move along street. We see Bree drop back a little, Klute waiting for her to catch up.
81) 2) dialog: (glances about) What the hell do you think's the matter. (then suggests) I could wait for you someplace.
81) 4) dialog: (eagerly) -- Then you don't need me.
81) 6) dialog: You sure pull a lot of mileage out of a hundred dollars. -- and follows on. He checks numbers, then crosses street diagonally toward a half-framed house.
82) 0) text: A downshot from second floor level toward the entry way where KLUTE &amp; BREE appear. KLUTE strikes a match to inspect the names of tenants. He and Bree climb through stench and litter to the second floor -- a door. From somewhere near at hand come the sounds of someone RETCHING. A square of wood has been sawed out of the door itself, removing handle and lock -- light sifts through. Klute hesitates, decides against knocking, pushes in.
83) 2) dialog: Arlyn? Honey? (then) Look, it's all right. From the connecting room a MAN'S VOICE (Berger's) calling out hoarsely.
83) 4) dialog: Arlyn, it's all right. BERGER hastens, stumbles, into the doorframe carrying a CAR-RADIO with wires dangling, speaks before he sees them.
83) 8) dialog: Arlyn, he just wanted to ask some questions -- something you could help us about.
83) 11) dialog: Honey, a couple of years ago, with Jane and Frankie? -- Jane sent me a Dumper --
83) 13) dialog: Arlyn, just tell me, did Jane have a dumper, one of her regular Johns?
83) 15) dialog: Did he come around often? Klute hands Grunemann's picture to Bree: Bree shows it to Arlyn. Arlyn inspects it, then uncertainly, weakly --
86) 0) text: SUBWAY slows to a stop and a door opens. BREE sits with KLUTE staring at the open door and then without warning - gets up and runs off the train. The door closes, leaving KLUTE locked in the train.
87) 0) text: CAMERA pans from night view of New York City to KLUTE sitting on the rooftop alone as if trying to comprehend all he has seen, the mystery of TOM GRUNEMANN's disappearance in this world and the mysteries of the behavior of BREE.
88) 0) text: The pristine, antiseptic, elegance off CABLE'S office is in its own way as unreal and dehumanized as the sexual underworld KLUTE has been exploring with BREE, and KLUTE looks as out of place in the one as he does in the other. TRASK sits beside KLUTE facing CABLE who is impeccably dressed. He is the total image of the executive in control.
92) 0) text: It is late afternoon, but BREE is in her pajamas curled up in her bed. There are some magazines scattered around the bed and the television set is on an old movie. There are cracker crumbs in the bed and a cup of coffee and an open jar of peanut butter with the knife sticking out of the jar on the floor by the bed. It would seem that BREE has spent most of the day in bed. She looks like an unkempt child. The phone is ringing, but she does not answer it. The phone no sooner stops than the door bell rings. Reluctantly she gets out of bed and goes to the door. She looks through the spy hole and sees Klute's face. She undoes two locks and an obviously new chain and bolt and opens the door.
92) 1) dialog: Well hello -- come on in. He barely enters the room. His manner is cool and remote.
92) 3) dialog: How?
92) 5) dialog: (she betrays no reaction) Thanks for the jolly news. I thought maybe you'd left town by now. You kind of just disappeared. But you boys from Tuscarora have a habit of disappearing, don't you? Klute looks around the disorderly room. The plants in the windowsill have never been in worse shape. They look as if she deliberately let them die of thirst.
92) 7) dialog: (harshly) Why?
92) 9) dialog: What if i go out on tricks - you wanna come along? You could sit and read the National Geographic.
92) 11) dialog: (coolly) I don't get you.
92) 13) dialog: I told you before, you wouldn't understand.
92) 15) dialog: No.
92) 17) dialog: Arlyn was a junkie; I'm not on junk!
92) 19) dialog: (screams, incoherently) You get the Christ out! You dumb stupid bastard, you don't know anything, you square, you get out! I don't have to show you anything; you get out! Klute goes.
93) 0) text: The empty apartment. He enters, switches a light on (dusk), tosses aside jacket, bookcase, etc., then sits down on the edge of his bed, with one foot propped up on it. FOOTSTEPS and A RAP at the door. He looks up, but doesn't move, doesn't answer. BREE opens it, enters. There are tear-tracks down her face, but she's no longer crying. She tries to smile, tries to explain her wants. Then with the unhurried, graven composure of absolute desperation, she sits on the edge of the bed.
93) 1) dialog: If I asked you something, would you not laugh? -- asked you to look at something? She pushes up her sleeve, points at tiny spot on her arm - a freckle. He peers at it then at her puzzledly.
93) 2) dialog: (apologetic) I thought it was maybe changing shape or something. Klute looks at it again. Judiciously -- He shows her a spot or two on his own forearm. She compares, is reassured. Embarrassedly, she tries to smile. It is unsuccessful. She gets up and moves about. Her manner in general is totally unguarded, honest, undramatic, searching.
93) 3) dialog: Look -- I hate everybody; and I'm sorry for everybody; and I'm scared all the time. He only grunts. A sound like 'OK' or 'all right' -- an invitation to leave. But she won't be driven away. More urgently, helplessly:
93) 4) dialog: Look, I don't know either. It's like the only thing I know how to do -- I feel safe. She's left the door a little ajar. He widens it for her.
93) 6) dialog: Please.
93) 8) dialog: No. (then) Well all right. But you want to and I want you to and we both know it and all right.
93) 10) dialog: 
95) 0) text: Darkness now, or close to dark; the room heavily shadowed. Bree and Klute sit together on the bed. He still strokes her hair. He has pulled a blanket around her shoulders. The transaction is still not overtly sexual, but the tenderness is more overt. He rubs his cheek against her forehead. She herself is quieter, comforted. She begins to stir against him.
98) 0) text: Klute is alseep -- more or less -- on his stomach. Bree beside him lies awake. She trails her fingers about his back. A rather tentative, exploratory business. Her expression is more wondering than anything else -- what does she have here, and can she get used to it?
100) 0) text: Klute half sits up in bed. Bree is fast asleep with her head pillowed on his midsection. Some humor in this shot: he wants to move but doesn't want to wake her. At a point he risks it, reaches out for something beside the bed. Her eyes open immediately. He puts his hand on her face, trying gently to press her back.
100) 2) dialog: I'm still scared. (beat) I mean different but still. (frowns) Look, I made it very clear from the start, you're a yokel, you don't excite me, you don't even interest me, and so I only have one question which is what the hell are you doing in my bed?
100) 4) dialog: Oh! He looks at her with concern, but only caresses her. She manages to explain --
100) 5) dialog: I am scared. The things I do. The things I could do to you.
100) 7) dialog: No, not just 'mm'. You don't know what I -- He settles himself beside her, makes overtures. She responds, but:
100) 8) dialog: Oh boy, say, you think you're pretty good.
100) 10) dialog: Oh -- And we cut directly to:
101) 0) text: Bree standing, angry, antagonistic, demanding. In a way -- a Bree-like way -- she's seized psychiatry by the throat.
101) 1) dialog: The son of a bitch seduced me! She waits. Spangler says nothing.
101) 2) dialog: I know: it's ridiculous. But it's tearing me up and I don't know why. And look, all right, I came here didn't I? And if I have to, I'll keep coming here, the works, and talk about my mummy and my daddy and I'll even pay for it, but will you kindly for God's sakes say something?
101) 4) dialog: Guess!
101) 6) dialog: (primly, distintly) I do not love him.
104) 5) dialog: All right. Loneliness. (space) Well -- separated. From other people. Forgotten. (space) Well, as if I can be here, I can go through the motions, right? But the truth is, I don't belong.
104) 7) dialog: (snappishly) Do you always have to repeat?
104) 9) dialog: Well it's more than loneliness. Hate. People hating me -- and watching me and following and waiting to hurt me -- you know? I'm all screwed up.
104) 11) dialog: The truth is I hate them: they must hate me. All right, the money. (pause) All right, not the money. A kind of put-on. It gets things back together. (pause) Well let's say I'd go to one of these cattle-calls, a tryout. I mean before -- before I got this job -- and they'd always say thank you very much and i'd feel, you know, brought down. They didn't want me.
104) 13) dialog: (snaps) I said that. (resumes) Well, so you have a choice. You can either feel lonely -- you know, the hate -- or -- (then more rapidly, plunging) So you take a call and go to a hotel room and there's some John you've never seen before, but he wants you. He must, he's paying for it. (beat) And usually they're nervous and that's all right, too, because you're not; you know this thing. And then for a while, boy, they really pay attention, you're all there is. (beat) And it's not real and you don't have to even like them -- you can even hate them, it's all right, it safe -- you know?
107) 0) text: KLUTE &amp; BREE Bree examining and feeling fruit in some imitation of a very shrewd and experienced housewife shopper. She is obviously enjoying her sense of domesticity, and Klute is amused by her enjoyment.
107) 2) dialog: I saw Mr. Faber. (beat) You remember Mr. Faber, don't you?
107) 4) dialog: Is that all you have to say?
107) 6) dialog: Well, I told him I wouldn't - uh - go there any more. (pause) I know it's tough to understand, but it wasn't easy. You see, he was nice to me. I mean, it wasn't just him. I got something out of it too I guess. Anyway, I told him I wouldn't go there anymore. She is like a child awaiting praise from her teacher. Klute says nothing. They continue walking among the plants and he picks up a few that she had admired.
107) 8) dialog: Spangler says we have a relationship.
107) 10) dialog: You and I -- a relationship.
107) 12) dialog: (beat) Hell there's nothing so mysterious about the square life.
108) 0) text: Bree, Klute approach unhurriedly along the sidewalk. She is holding his arm, HUMS to herself, enjoys the evening.
110) 0) text: Klute jettisons the grocery bags, thrusts himself inside, looks quickly about, finds no one. Bree follows more slowly, whispering:
110) 1) dialog: Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus.
110) 3) dialog: You suppose he's a married fella?
110) 6) dialog: He got in my clothing! Then a moment later, she cries out again, more sharply:
110) 7) dialog: Oh. Oh. He turns quickly. She is holding out, at arms length, a pair of her underpants. With a disgust so extreme she can only laugh.
110) 8) dialog: Oh look what he did in them.
110) 12) dialog: (full out, vengefully) My God, I thought it was over. And here I am, daddy, right back at the start.
110) 14) dialog: Right back at the start, right?
110) 16) dialog: You said it was over, right? You said not to worry any more, all over, right? She's broken for the door; it's questionable that she's even heard him. He hasn't time to pursue -- shouts again --
112) 0) text: Bree coming up the stairs meets the Technicians coming down -- stands aside to let them pass -- starts up again and comes face to face with Klute. On her part we see a wish to be reconciled -- a shyness mixed with defiance -- but Klute's manner is arduous. She smiles nervously, asks --
112) 1) dialog: Ah, Schmendrick -- what's the scam?
112) 3) dialog: (mock delight) Oh zippidy-doo, they'll find my fingerprints. (then) Can I go in? I need some stuff. He nods; she starts by. Then --
112) 5) dialog: With Trina.
112) 7) dialog: Maybe I wasn't there when you called.
112) 9) dialog: (cuts in harshly) How do you know how bad it was?
112) 11) dialog: Because I didn't want to be touched! I didn't think you'd get that! Pause. Then, evenly --
112) 13) dialog: Hey -- look officer -- I can explain everything. It was just -- you know, everything all of a --
113) 2) dialog: (brightly) Oh well that shouldn't take you more than another, oh, two and a half or three years, should it?
113) 4) dialog: So do I.
113) 6) dialog: (manages) Arlyn and Jane commited suicide. He said they commited suicide.
113) 8) dialog: You said someone killed them, you said you know who, you said that.
113) 10) dialog: Why isn't he locked up?
113) 12) dialog: Is that why Klute didn't tell me?
113) 14) dialog: What was better? I made better bait?
113) 16) dialog: Is that what he set me up for? Everything he's told me from the beginning? -- don't worry, don't --
113) 18) dialog: I don't have to look at anything. I don't have --
113) 20) dialog: Oh no.
113) 22) dialog: Grunemann? I've looked at him a -- Trask has clamped his thumb over the torn image of Grunemann, indicates with the other hand --
113) 24) dialog: Oh! -- -- and WE CUT TO --
118) 0) text: Klute climbs the stairs to Bree's apartment -- knocks. He waits. No answer. He calls once --
119) 0) text: The room is still disordered. Bree and Frank Ligourin look at him, silently. Bree has been assembling armfuls of dresses to carry away with her. Frank sits nearby in a chair. Klute smiles a little -- almost apologetically.
119) 5) dialog: (tight, small) Trask said I should move. Let's not make a thing of it. He continues to look at her; she continues to gather possessions. Then trying to smile, to deal with it casually --
119) 6) dialog: Look, too much is going on here. I'm moving in with another girl, that's all. Just for a while.
120) 0) text: Frank clatters down a stairs as Klute arrives in the doorframe, and as Bree, behind Klute, screams --
120) 1) dialog: No! Klute is restrained -- restrains himself. Frank has faced around on the stairs, still bleeding extravagantly from his torn scalp. Earnestly --
121) 0) text: PAST KLUTE TO BREE. She is running away from him again, to a corner of the apartment, fumbling at a sewing basket. He starts in, after her.
123) 0) text: Bree is in the middle of dialing the phone. Her hands are shaking; she misdials -- holds down the receiver for a moment then starts again.
125) 0) text: Bree speaks to the phone, trying to make a simple point, trying to keep her voice even.
125) 1) dialog: -- until he gets back. (beat) Yes I heard you, I understand that. I said I'm going to come over, I'll wait until he gets back. She hangs up before the other party can object in detail -- takes up her purse and goes out, not even closing the door behind her.
127) 0) text: Bree comes out of door - goes down steps - hesitates in front of Klute's apartment struggling with the question of whether to knock. CAMERA pulls back to reveal we are watching her through the windshield of a car in the parking lot across the street. CAMERA pulls back further to reveal the back of Cable's head as he sits in the car watching her. Bree starts to knock on Klute's door but stops herself and walks down the street. Cable's head moves out of the shot. We hear the sound of the car door opening and closing. Through the windshield we see Cable cross in front of the car and start to follow Bree down the street.
129) 0) text: Bree is about a quarter block away from the Brownstone now, hurrying. She waves in the direction of a cab, misses it, continues on. We CUT
133) 0) text: Klute's manner, over the next few minutes, exhibits an absolute, untheatrical, care and competence. A man -- Cable -- may in fact be hiding here somewhere to kill him. He sets about checking the likely places -- first of all the lower hallway, then the stairwell itself, moving steadily unalarmedly up. At the top he notes -- but still without main concern that Bree's door is open. He calls ahead --
135) 0) text: Bree moves past CONSTRUCTION WORK, through one of those temporary pedestrian passageways. Behind her, nearer than before we see the FIGURE OF CABLE.
137) 0) text: Bree sits isolated on the waiting-room couch. She may have been here for fifteen minutes -- or an hour. She turns the pages of a magazine -- one handed, without even lifting it from the coffee table, with an absolute lack of interest, a mechanical gesture. We hear FOOTSTEPS approaching directly toward where we are watching Bree sit.
137) 2) text: Bree looks up in a kind of frozen terror, as the Secretary smiles nicely -- lovingly down at her.
137) 4) dialog: No.
137) 6) dialog: Look -- could I use your phone?
137) 8) dialog: Look. I almost killed my -- I almost killed someone.
137) 10) dialog: Is Mr. Faber there? (beat) Mr. Faber Senior.
139) 1) dialog: (haltingly) -- I'm -- I just have to talk to someone. I'm just a little way across town --
141) 0) text: Quitting time. As Bree enters from street level, employees are coming down the stairs, pushing past her. She continues up on until at one point -- one more officious or more communicative than the others informs her --
141) 2) dialog: What?
141) 4) dialog: (unsurely) I have an appointment with Mr. Faber.
142) 1) text: Bree arrives at the head of the stairs -- as still others press past her on their way down -- and comes more or less directly up against the thickset RECEPTIONIST. She is packing her purse, preparing to depart, looks somewhat challengingly at Bree -- who sees no way to avoid the issue.
142) 2) dialog: I have an appointment with Mr. Faber.
142) 8) dialog: I'm sorry -- Mr. Faber Senior.
142) 11) dialog: It wasn't important. But we hold on him for a moment as she continues out of scene -- until he turns away to other matters. Then --
142) 13) dialog: Did Mr. Faber leave a message for me or anything? Mr. Faber Senior? Bree Daniel.
142) 18) dialog: Bree Daniel. Has he called in yet? Well if he does, I'm at -- (reads phone) -- two seven eight, three one hundred, and I guess I can wait here five minutes; then I'll try from somewhere else. (impatiently) Just tell him Bree Daniel; he knows who. She hangs up, goes back to readdressing the envelope. FOOTSTEPS are approaching in her direction. She glances up apologetically.
142) 19) dialog: Mr. Faber, I just wanted to leave this for your father, and I wondered if you'd -- She pauses --
142) 20) text: Cable hastens toward her along a lane of garments. In this brief glimpse a ludicrous and terrifying figure -- a noise, a gesticulation (actually the gesture is arms out, palms downward, intended as a quieting gesture; and the hissing noise is intended as a shushing). Bree cries out, turns to run --
142) 21) dialog: Someone -- -- as we immediately, even as she's turning, CUT TO
144) 0) text: Cable and Bree. They are at some remove from the site of Cable's first appearance; there are other evidences of time-lapse. Cable's manner is that of slightly-strained patience -- a civility -- an attempt now and then to smile. Bree watches his every slight gesture, quivers to make a break for it, tries throughout to buy time.
144) 2) dialog: Yes -- all right --
144) 4) dialog: -- Yes.
144) 9) dialog: Yes -- Jane McKenna's book -- I could make a phone call.
144) 11) dialog: Yes.
146) 0) text: MLS, the two FIGURES: CABLE, BREE. They are somewhat separated -- Cable has gone to look down from one of the arched windows of the loft, while Bree remains in place. She is a prisoner, we can suppose -- when we cut closer we'll see her eyes continually shifting, her mind calculating her chances -- but he hasn't molested her. He bears her no animus at this point. His manner is rather quiet, undetermined. He feels some relief that the thing is, in effect, over -- and some puzzlement about what to do (with either her or himself) now. He returns toward her.
146) 4) dialog: Will you let me go then? He seems not to have heard the request. He sits for a moment. An intellectual interest, a curiosity. (Meanwhile, perhaps, we see her starting to slip her shoes off, in hopes of running.)
146) 6) dialog: (tries again, slowly) If you'll let me go I could tell them what --
146) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, I'm just frightened. Yes.
146) 10) dialog: I said yes, I see.
146) 12) dialog: Tell me. I'll listen. (pause) I just want you to tell me. He rises, approaches her -- apparently taken in, credulous, grateful, wondering --
149) 0) text: Klute goes downstairs to back entrance of Faber loft. He slips inside. He hears THE SOUNDS OF THE BEATING -- a stirring of feet and indistinct impact sounds, a murmur of voices (but all quite muted, undramatic). He maneuvers through lanes of garments, trying to gain a line of sight. He understands what's going on, strains to intervene, but can't disclose himself. At a point, he drops to hands and knees, slides underneath the garment racks, drawing closer to Cable, trying to gain position. We intersperse his progress with further Bree-Cable fragments, as for instance --
152) 0) text: Klute turns from looking down, moves to where Bree kneels on the floor. He hunkers down. In a gentle-enough VOICE, but matter-of-factly withal -- as if to a child --
153) 0) text: KLUTE is packing to leave. We follow him about as he carries clothing from closet and bureau, folds it into his suitcase on the table. We hear the familiar FOOTSTEPS on the stairs. Bree's KNOCK. He lets her in, keeps on about his business. His expression is sober; hers is quite tentative.
153) 1) dialog: Hi. He doesn't at least expel her. She ventures in, sits on the table, swings her heels, watches him pack. His arm impairs him. At length --
153) 3) dialog: Oh. (pause; then sharply --) Well it wasn't us city people that did it -- your fine rosy-cheeked country boy.
153) 5) dialog: You're going back?
153) 8) dialog: Well suppose I hadn't come downstairs. Would you just have folded up and sneaked away?
153) 10) dialog: You wanted to, or you are?
153) 12) dialog: You could at least look at me! He complies, stands and looks, folding a necktie. But now she finds she has to look away. Somewhat brokenly --
153) 13) dialog: Look -- yes. I mean thanks, but -- don't you think we better be realistic?
153) 15) dialog: Look at me. I'm pretty and sort of clever and very well intentioned, and dear God I'd tear your heart out!
153) 17) dialog: How can you not think so? You know the things I can do.
153) 19) dialog: What?
153) 21) dialog: Please, I'm a city person. I'm sure it's just as good as here but I'm a city person, that's all, I am! (pause) Hell I know what it's like. I was in Jersey once: the frogs go bra-a p all night! (pause) What'im I supposed to do? Mend your socks and sing in the church choir? (pause, choking) ) Do you not believe I love you? I'm honestly, honestly just -- He has almost finished packing -- returns toward the suitcase with the tin CLOCK and electric FAN, tries to fit them in as conversation continues.
153) 22) dialog: Look, why should it be yes or no? Can't we keep it going and see? I mean we can keep in touch and visit each other and see. People do that, that's realistic.
153) 25) dialog: (bitterly) You don't believe that either, do you? Why can't you see my side?
153) 27) dialog: Can I carry something for you, to the car? (he shakes his head) Will you kiss me?
153) 31) dialog: Hey. He turns around and stops. He walks slowly back to her.
153) 33) dialog: Oh heck -- (pause) Oh heck -- Then, as a man not to be dallied with, he picks up the suitcase again. She looks at him strickenly, but it doesn't precipitate her into speech. He puts it down again. And then -- then, after all, goddamit, he reaches out, grabs her wrist, and simply hauls her along, suitcase in one hand, Bree in the other. As she yanks, shouts, struggles --
153) 34) dialog: I haven't decided yet! (beat) I haven't decided yet! (beat) I haven't decided yet! --