65) 0) text: The BUZZER sounding, FRANK LIGOURIN crossing to open the door for BREE, KLUTE. Cheerful, hospitable, nice, unpretentious.
65) 1) dialog: Bree -- hi -- come in, come in. The point of this one brief shot -- Bree's face -- in the instant after Frank has spoken and before she enters, with Klute following. Her half-second of hesitation. This is someone who gets to her somehow -- probably always will.
65) 2) text: The apartment is as expected -- but not overdone; a certain small amount of someone-lives-here litter. A few, large but not very good, ABSTRACTIONS on the walls. There is a large TABLE covered over with photographs and mock-ups of magazine pages, a felt board or easel with lettering samples -- Frank's props really.
65) 4) dialog: (shakes hands) Hi. Come in. (leads them in, indicating table) I was just catching up some work -- mocking up the photographs. (to Klute) I used to be a photographer myself  - Bree tell you? -- Before I got in the publishing.
65) 6) dialog: Well Bree, maybe you'd rather -- He gestures gently to indicate outside. She nods once. He escorts her in that direction, OUT the door, closing it behind them.
66) 1) dialog: How's it been? She shrugs a shoulder at him, looks away. He goes on in the same quiet voice.
66) 2) dialog: With me Bree it's eternally the same. Toward you. I guess you know that.
67) 0) text: Frank reenters, with the calm smile of troop chaplain.
67) 1) dialog: I've always respected Bree. (then) I'd like to make something clear.
67) 3) dialog: I'd like to make something clear. I don't go after a girl; a girl comes to me. Her choice. Right? He gestures Klute to one chair, sits in another, waits calmly, attentively.
67) 5) dialog: Two years ago? Sorry.
67) 7) dialog: Look -- dad -- I may stand better with the cops than you. Klute waits.
67) 8) dialog: OK, a family matter. Between the girls. I had two other cows -- (corrects himself) -- two other girls besides Bree.
67) 10) dialog: OK and one of them  Jane McKenna -- she blows a little jealous of Bree  - you know? -- Bree comes first? And evidently she knew the freak --- that he was a dumper -- she conned me into passing him to Bree, you know, so Bree'd get hurt. I didn't know. Till afterwards.
67) 12) dialog: (a little shocked) You don't tell them. That one of their own in-laws laid a dumper on them? (shakes head) Peace in the family. (pause) Beyond that, I don't know. All she wrote.
67) 14) dialog: (smiles) Would I be telling you all this? She copped out long ago. She committed suicide Baxter.
77) 0) text: This is a hangout where black and white pimps wait to meet their whores after their night of street walking. This streetwalker world is far removed from the world of the call girl or the world of Janie Dale. CAMERA pans past a group of pimps at the bar taking bet on whose girls have made the most money that night. CAMERA then goes on to reveal KLUTE talking to another pimp (Azure). Azure represents a clear step down from Frank Ligourin.  We catch only part of their dialogue.
119) 0) text: The room is still disordered. Bree and Frank Ligourin look at him, silently. Bree has been assembling armfuls of dresses to carry away with her. Frank sits nearby in a chair. Klute smiles a little -- almost apologetically.
119) 7) dialog: (helpfully) That's right. This other girl's got a very big apartment, big, plenty of room. (then) Look, it's not necessarily how it looks, right? It's -- He thinks better of continuing. Klute looks from him back to Bree. He speaks gravely, spacing his words -- unable to speak any faster.
119) 9) dialog: Klute, let's handle it like grownups? I mean we're all grown up now, right? (ventures forward) -- we all respect each other, you know what I mean? -- I respect you, Bree respects you -- you could say, it just didn't work out between you and she. But you got to respect her too -- you know, her best interests, best for her -- Klute hits him, pursues, recovers, and starts to beat him. BLOOD thickly descends the side of Frank's face, as he struggles away. Bree is screaming. Bree grabs at him from behind. He thrusts her off. But it allows Frank to break away through the still-open door. Klute pursues.
120) 0) text: Frank clatters down a stairs as Klute arrives in the doorframe, and as Bree, behind Klute, screams --
120) 2) dialog: Hey, I'm gonna get you dropped. Klute start's out after him -- Frank vaults away down the stairs -- we hear him stumbling and running -- Klute faces sharply around into the apartment.