1) 0) text: The industrial frontier. SPECIAL AGENT ROSS steps into frame, glancing (perhaps idly, a little impatiently) in this direction at some loud industrial goings-on just beyond camera, then returns toward GROUP. The group includes CABLE and a YOUNGER FBI AGENT with clipboard, to whom KLUTE is supplying preliminary data. KLUTE's manner is somewhat rumpled, awkward.
4) 24) text: Verdant Pennsylvania farmland. Early morning. Near at hand an open field set about with bee hutches and patched with mist. A FIGURE, a shadow (Klute's actually) moves across frame from the left, blanking in. We reorient to -
35) 0) text: CAMERA STARTS on huge photo montage of the Family of Man and pans down to a group of beautiful girls sitting on a bench below. They are dwarfed by the enormous picture. Each one clutches an almost identical portfolio of pictures in her lap. Camera pans down row of portfolios until it stops at BREE  - impatiently waiting her turn. WE CONTINUE THE TELEPHONE VOICES OVER, WILD TRACK STYLE. The MAN'S VOICE is thick with drink, and emotion. First the click, then --
74) 2) dialog: (giggles) Hey Bree honey, who you got?
103) 0) text: The abrupt cut from the bright sunlight leaves us in almost total darkness as we follow KLUTE. We are in a huge storeroom. As we grow accustomed to the darkness we see bits and pieces of incongruous objects scattered along Klute's path - old pieces of furniture, lamps, piggy banks, etc. - the remnants of the lives of the plundered, the destroyed and the dispossessed. Some is stolen property, some evidence for homicide cases, and some the unclaimed possessions of the unclaimed dead. A CUSTODIAN -- an ancient retainer sort, a civil servant, leads KLUTE into an old elevator cage.
144) 0) text: Cable and Bree. They are at some remove from the site of Cable's first appearance; there are other evidences of time-lapse. Cable's manner is that of slightly-strained patience -- a civility -- an attempt now and then to smile. Bree watches his every slight gesture, quivers to make a break for it, tries throughout to buy time.
149) 10) text: We see the body tracing its quick path down the dark side of the building.