4) 0) text: CAMERA pulls back inside window to Klute staring outside, as if still pondering the fate of Tom Grunemann. The group in the office includes ROSS (holding a report), TRASK, a New York detective, Cable, and the plant director, STREIGER.
4) 10) dialog: (summarizes from notes) We first hold her under surveillance expectin your boy Grunemann to show up there. Didn't. Then we bagged -- we arrested her on a CP charge, convicted, two month's women's city prison, offer to reduce sentence, she cooperated. (counts) Four interrogations. She thought she remembered Grunemann -- from those letters from before, she made that connection -- but she hadn't seen him since and couldn't identify his photograph and she --
4) 12) dialog: Oh a good call girl, she'll turn six-seven hundred tricks a year. The faces get blurred. (resumes) And since then, recent months, she's reported several, you know, incidents: like breather calls, anonymous phone calls, also somebody maybe following her, watching her, things like that. So it's I guess you could say, conceivable Grunemann's still around there, just hangin around her, spooking her. But you know, that -- He shakes his head, gestures doubtingly. Ross caps it.
4) 21) dialog: (to Klute, leniently) Ever done any missing person's work?
30) 0) text: BREE comes out, pauses with notebook to cross out, the call completed, checks the list of those remaining, sets forth again. We hear TRASK'S VOICE OVER, very quick, very clipped.
30) 1) dialog: Man, just a poor pretty little hooker, like to be an actress --
31) 1) dialog: What you lookin' to get from her? You think she's got Grunemann hid somewhere, the attic, feedin him soup? Or maybe he's hidin in a dark alley and he'll jump on her and you jump on him. And third place, even if she does know somethin' she's right, she don't have to talk to you. You don't have police power, you can't make her. KLUTE closes the file.
31) 3) dialog: Unknown, unidentified and unwanted. And there's more every day man, there's more everyday. As KLUTE slowly walks away we bring in TELEPHONE RING and BREE VOICE, OVER answering.
88) 0) text: The pristine, antiseptic, elegance off CABLE'S office is in its own way as unreal and dehumanized as the sexual underworld KLUTE has been exploring with BREE, and KLUTE looks as out of place in the one as he does in the other. TRASK sits beside KLUTE facing CABLE who is impeccably dressed. He is the total image of the executive in control.
88) 3) dialog: He's right you know. Waiting for the pusher, she'd tell you anything.
90) 0) text: TRASK glances toward Klute as he arrives, but doesn't greet him. His attention, like the others, is directed downward and off-scene (to the surface of the water actually, just outboard of the tug). We see beside Trask TWO Uniformed Cops (SUGARMAN and SPENCE) and DECKHANDS. And we hear, along with the throbbing of the engines, a stirring about of the water and a peculiar third noise -- rather commingled with the engines -- which we can't at first identify. Klute joins the group, watches. SPENCE brings into view, and shakes out, a giant neoprene body bag. INSTRUCTIONS among the group AD
90) 2) dialog: (toward Klute) They were bringing a freighter down through Kill Van Kull; propellers washed it up on top. SUGARMAN brings into view a METAL BASKET attached with short ropes. He complains --
90) 10) dialog: It'll go to the Examiner. But I don't see nothin that means nothin. We MOVE WITH KLUTE as he turns and moves away a few feet along deck. Here he stands. Then SUGARMAN moves into view holding a clipboard. Routinely --
91) 0) text: Klute walks a longer distance this time, sits down on one of the pilings of the dock. Watching him we see what might be a profound awe and grief at all these things -- but is, in fact, a good deal more. EFFECTS, O.S. as Police Vehicles are loaded, driven away and as tug toots, runs up engines, puts out again. TRASK moves into scene, sits on another piling, looks at him speculatively. Silence. Then --
91) 1) dialog: That's how the other one died, you know. In the water.
91) 3) dialog: Well?
105) 0) text: On the left a portion of the original obscene letter. On the right a series of comparison documents -- beginning with a portion of a personal letter. We hear TRASK'S, KLUTE'S VOICES OVER, and occasionally cut to them as --
105) 5) dialog: Think this is our guy?
105) 7) dialog: Thought it might. It's off an arrest report you typed two years ago. Man you wanted samples of everybody. Then -- with subdued satisfaction, switching the projector again.
105) 8) dialog: Now the next cat. Mm?
105) 12) dialog: Unless he was involved with Grunemann's disappearance.
105) 14) dialog: What else do you know?
105) 16) dialog: We have some very tentative circumstantial evidence of freeky behavior, but there's no evidence of murder - there's not even a body.
106) 0) text: Klute and Trask are seen entering from the Projection Room. In the background we see an old black woman sitting in front of the picture file of unidentified dead, carefully studying each picture. In the foreground Klute sits down at a phone and dials.
111) 0) text: A DOWNSHOT TO UNDERPANTS (as if from Klute's POV, connecting directly to the previous shot) -- then a FLASHBULB goes off and a hand and pair of tongs enter frame and flip the garment into a collecting box and we widen to reveal that it's now daylight and the scene has been invaded by POLICE TECHNICIANS. One is a photographer; another, a fingerprint man, is spraying surfaces with a can of fixative. In the foreground Klute and Trask are talking with Ross, the FBI man. Ross is looking through a dossier on Cable that Klute has compiled. Over the following conversation we show CLOSEUPS of material in the dossier. It contains photographs of Cable and his life from childhood to the present - including pictures of him with his mother and father - she a very dominant looking lady and he a very passive looking man; also graduation pictures and pictures with his former wife taken when he was still a very young man. They are the personal images of a life time.
111) 4) dialog: Cable's letters, Cable's phone calls. Cable's everything else. He's been a Dumper a long time. He just passed off his own peculiar habits on the other man -- it kept things goin'.
111) 6) dialog: Can't. Yet. Oh we got everythin' else: first rate evidence Cable typed those dumper letters to Bree Daniel. And Jane McKenna: Klute found a couple in her personal remains. We got dates of Cable's trips here coincidin' with phone calls to Bree Daniel, also the dates of death of McKenna and Page. We got some hints of his personal history. His father, unsuccessful salesman, committed suicide when he was 13. His mother pinned all her hopes on her son. He won a national science youth award at the age of eight. They had no money, but she hired special tutors for him in the summer time. She saw a good thing. He graduated from high school at 14 -- college at 16 -- no friends -- The kids in his class thought of him as a freak. He got his Ph.D. at 18 -- married at age 21 to his then employer's daughter. The marriage lasted 4 weeks. Her father had it annulled. She says he was impotent. World War II he got in bad trouble about a German girl, no details. We think we know why he killed Grunemann -- he found out Cable was a dumper; Cable couldn't take that. We think we know why he killed McKenna -- she wanted to blackmail him for it. All fine. But we got no body, no direct witnesses, we can't go any-damn-where.
111) 8) dialog: Gov, want to leave me that one. How come he got to play with this one, anyway.
111) 10) dialog: It's damn lucky you didn't have the dossier on Cable here.
111) 12) dialog: If we get anything from the lab, we'll have it by noon. And just think -- all he really had to do was write us a letter.
111) 15) dialog: He sure chalks up a lot of flight time. Klute starts gathering his papers we CUT TO --
113) 0) text: Entering without greeting Trask (his manner is not uncivil but simply neutral, unreacting, Cop-like) she quickly gathers up a few properties, a change of shoes.
113) 1) dialog: Miss Daniel, be sensible, you find another place till we get things cleaned up.
113) 3) dialog: A few more days. We know who did this.
113) 5) dialog: No, not Grunemann. He's dead. The man that killed him -- also prob'ly Jane McKenna, also Arlyn Page. She spins around -- mute -- terrified.
113) 7) dialog: Now there's a picture I'd like you to --
113) 9) dialog: Well we're pretty --
113) 11) dialog: We don't want to just lock him up; we want a conviction, we wanted him to do something more.
113) 13) dialog: I guess he figured it was better.
113) 15) dialog: No, that's not --
113) 17) dialog: (coldly) From the beginning I don't know why the hell he's messin with you. If he was me he'd know better. If he was even a city boy he'd know better. You're a whore Miss Daniel, that's the truth of it, right? Now somethin I'd like you to look at.
113) 19) dialog: Here please. He coerces her to the table and unrolls the Company outing picture. (We see the rip extending up through the image of Tom Grunemann in the front row.)
113) 21) dialog: Like for you to look for the man.
113) 23) dialog: No. Not Grunemann. The Dumper. Just look around -- I said look for the Dumper. We see her comply -- her eyes moving over the rows of faces. Then we see her stiffen, hear her gasp --