8) 0) text: With the light fading from the sky... ...the sounds of a CELEBRATION... LAUGHTER, MUSIC... drif from the village... * A CROWD of VILLAGERS circle about... * В«+-SNORRI [60s] who lifts a blood-stained pine-branch fr the opened chest of a slaughtered ram lying on a rock. * Hrothgar [60s now] goes down on one knee before him. Thou greying, he wears his added years as well as any warrior- could. Snorri touches Hrothgar's forehead with the blood. *
8) 2) dialog: May all those who cross these steps find a happy heart! More CHEERS rise up from the villagers... Hrothgar draws his sword and smashes the jug, sealing the blessing... .В»..and as the villagers line up to be - in turn - "bloo by Snorri, Snorri bursting out in resonant SONG... * (CONTINUED)
10) 2) dialog: Where were you when all this --
10) 6) dialog: (through his teeth) What fucking thing would dare -- But his words end, and his steps slow. Hrothgar, stunned, crosses the floor past the dead fire-p to a slumped FIGURE on the throne at the far end of the r (CONTINUED)
23) 0) text: Hrothgar is creakily putting on his mailshirt. Though onl months have passed since the troll's first attack, these months weigh on Hrothgar like many years. Too much grief- driven drink, too many sleepless nights, have brought him dull and watery gaze of a lost man. Wealhtheow, his wife, enters and looks troubled by Hrothg action.
23) 1) dialog: Who ever heard of a kingdom laid to waste by a stinking troll! (off her look) I can't game more men against this thing. (CONTINUED)
23) 5) dialog: So then - I'm king - but only by day? sneers, spits on the floor.
23) 6) dialog: Fuck that. Wealhtheow, without missing a beat, snatches up a shirt a throws it to him. Hrothgar catches it, turns it in his ha She nods Hrothgar foot. Hrothgar comes to her with
23) 8) dialog: Maybe it needs the blood of a king. takes up a cup of beer, has a gulp, then Wealhtheow him and gently takes the cup away. He looks back at mixed emotions.
23) 10) dialog: You called it "he."
23) 12) dialog: Which I have to quell... or I'm already dead. (off her look) If Odin sent this thing to bring my end... so be it. If not, then he'll steer my sword. (beat) My dear, I miss the stars. (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: Hrothgar moves out from the torch-lit rock perimeter... a massive two-handed sword turning in his adrenalined grip. His eyes fight the darkness, and his fear.
24) 1) dialog: (shouts) Troll! I call you out! Nothing. Hrothgar takes several steps further.
24) 2) dialog: Troll! A sudden rise of WIND, and Hrothgar twists about - as tho Grendel had taken wind-form, but the gust passes... silen resuming. WITH: A GUARD on the boulders watching Hrothgar in the mi distance facing out into the darkness. WITH: Hrothgar staring out, catching Grendel's scent on t air. Hrothgar's intensity returns, eyes scanning the periphery.
24) 3) dialog: (shouting) Meet me in the light if you have the guts. Or fight me now! You hairy creep! The guard shakes his head at Hrothgar's pathetic state
25) 0) text: Wealhtheow urgently comes along the path... passing VILLA who are subdued, all looking toward... ..-Hrothgar who sits, hunched over, on a small rise, faci the wilds, the dead guard lying beside him. Wealhtheow hurries up to Hrothgar, looks him over with concern. (CONTINUED)
25) 4) dialog: The thing wouldn't fight. It spared me... to witness this. 29 A shudder rolls through him and he lets out a gasp, eyein the corpse. Another jerking shudder... Wealhtheow glances back, sees the villagers watching, and whispering.
25) 6) dialog: (caustic / dazed) Oh... you're wrong. For a king who's had his balls hauled up his guts... it's the ground. For all the broken-bone wretches I've flung to death --
25) 8) dialog: I don't know. Is that the look of a man going happily up to the feast... or down to the worms?
25) 10) dialog: No - just the Danish king of daylight!
25) 12) dialog: Is that your wish? (CONTINUED)
25) 15) dialog: (ironic) With your thanes in sight.
27) 0) text: A funeral pyre burns with the corpse of the guard. ON: Hrothgar sitting on a rock a short distance off, polishing his sword with a cloth...
27) 5) dialog: Celt. You're a ways away.
27) 7) dialog: I see a man, I see a staff... (xe the crucifix) I see a weapon for killing toads. (off Brendan's shrug) Christ, eh? I've heard of him. He ever have much luck with trolls?
27) 9) dialog: My gods don't ask me to bow.
27) 12) dialog: With your stick?
27) 16) dialog: If your heaven's on fire, y'better look to that. Brendan gets a furious look, and starts to pace before Hrothgar. Hrothgar, in spite of himself, is a bit impress by Brendan's intensity.
31) 3) dialog: By the gods! My little Beowulf! (derisive nod to his retinue) No one tells me anything. He comes up to Beowulf and gives him a great hug... then holds him at a short distance, looking him over, grinning
31) 4) dialog: I somehow think of you as smaller.
31) 8) dialog: You've grown! Smiles all around.
31) 10) dialog: Wake me?! I'm a grief-crippled king half-drunk in the middle of the afternoon! What's to wake? (beat / eyes welling) By the gods it's good to see you! (beat) Perhaps Odin too has woken from his slumber. WIDE ON: the group... Hrothgar's guards to one side... th impressive band of Geats opposite... all joining in SMILE As Hrothgar leads them into the hall, the Geats pass... ..-Brendan who stands to one side, beatific smile on his face, apple in hand. He locks gazes with Hondscioh as the pass, and blesses the group with the sign of the cross. Hondscioh forces an awkward smile, nods, continues past.
34) 0) text: The benches are full of warriors and earls, one side the troop, on the other the Danes... On the Danes' side, there are considerably more women tha men, the women talking between themselves, flirtatiously eyeing the revved-up Geats. ON: Breca scanning several women, his mouth falling open nerve-stunned lust. Hondscioh, beside him, reaches over a nudges his mouth closed. Between the two groups the fire-pits burn. LAUGHTER and talk compete with a MUSICIAN playing a HARP, SECOND with a bone FLUTE, a THIRD playing a BODHRAN. Hrothgar sits at one end of the room, Beowulf nearest him There's abundant food and jugs of beer being delivered to warriors by teenaged ATTENDANTS. Wealhtheow, passing behind Beowulf, leans in to him, indicates the numerous women.
34) 22) text: Hrothgar glances over, blinking up out of his fog.
34) 24) dialog: Unferth! Sit or see your guts ina * dish. Unferth looks suddenly puzzled, the beer fogging his head Finally he sits. Hrothgar eyes the Geats, struggling for focus.
34) 25) dialog: Forgive us forgetting the ways of kin. Beowulf, if you do as you vow, there's nothing you can wish for that won't be yours - if I have any weight in it. (beat) Now, before the dark must sharpen us again, songs and beer! As an attendant reaches to pour into Hrothgar's cup, he covers it with his hand, shakes his head. The musicians begin again, and the attendants bring more beer... conversations rising up all around.
36) 0) text: As the Geat warriors below and inside set up their equipm preparing for an attack - with a drunken Unferth watching them suspiciously... ..-Beowulf and Hrothgar stand on the open balcony, lookin out on the falling dark. Hrothgar's mood is grim... in sp of the RAUCOUS men below... but he's more clear-headed.
36) 1) dialog: Since it began we've had Saxons, Swedes... even Slavs... coming to see how weak we were. Beowulf studies Hrothgar a long beat.
36) 2) dialog: I know. I look like walrus shit. Comes of fighting things you can't. Hrothgar manages a weak smile. Beowulf clasps Hrothgar's shoulder.
36) 4) dialog: Herring and egg. As Beowulf turns toward the battlement... a desperate loo crosses Hrothgar's face, struggling with the things he ca say.
36) 9) dialog: I'll stay here amongst you. Beowulf shakes his head.
45) 0) text: ON: BLACKSMITHS turning glowing pokers against the staine wood of the great doors... burning off Grendel's urine. Beowulf, Hondscioh and Hrothgar, amongst others, watch fr one side. Hrothgar is puzzled but relieved.
45) 1) dialog: Worse things than a bloodless dawn.
45) 4) dialog: Since it began... Hrothgar shakes his head. The three men trade a look. Beowulf's drifting gaze finds .--.-Brendan, a short distance off, sitting on a rock - a indiscernible among the boulders surrounding him. He's chewing on an apple, studying the others. Beowulf strides down to him, Hondscioh and Hrothgar following.
45) 20) dialog: If I recall, he also had a thousand swords, neighbours gone soft on wine and pig, no ice on his rivers -
45) 22) dialog: And no trolls.
45) 28) dialog: But your men were armed. fixes on Unferth and his sword.
45) 34) dialog: There walks one of my toughest fighters. He still is with men... but the troll stole his spine. Beowulf broods a beat.
45) 36) dialog: We followed a blood-trail once, took us to the foot of cliffs...
50) 0) text: ON: GRIMUR, a misfit Dane, standing in the river down fro the waterfall, being baptized by Brendan HOWLING out * indecipherable Latin. * ON: Hrothgar sitting on a rock overlooking a waterfall, a facing down to the pool below the falls, his eyes watery, face wet. Some yards back of him stands his HORSE. * The Geat troop appear on the ridge, Beowulf at the head. Beowulf nears and... ..-Hrothgar - startled by the approach - wheels about, sw in hand. Orients himself. Wipes the mist/tears from his face. Forces an awkward smile...
50) 1) dialog: I was off in a dream.
50) 4) dialog: Were it less, it'd hang on my wall.
50) 6) dialog: Ten men waited one night. Ready. With nets, swords, spears. It went through them like salmon.
50) 10) dialog: (weary smile) Perhaps you smell off. Beowulf's gaze drifts to the water below the falls. ANGLE DOWN ON: curious VILLAGERS scattered along the riverbank, also watching... ...-Brendan, in his cloak, standing with Unferth now who naked to the waist, in the middle of the swirling stream. Brendan, SCREAMING his LATIN against the roar of the fall takes up a handful of water, and splashes Unferth in the of the cross. Hrothgar and Beowulf consider the ritual.
50) 11) dialog: Baptism they call it. Unferth feels he's fallen from the gaze of our gods.
50) 13) dialog: I know he does. My sons are dead.
50) 15) dialog: (shakes his head) One to fever, one to Wulfings, one to an iceberg turning. (beat) To sit in blood isn't every man's wish. If this Christ can stiffen Unferth's heart, what's the harm? As Unferth wades back toward the shore... ...Beowulf sees Hrothgar's despondency.
50) 19) dialog: Still... they swim. The two consider the dilemma.
53) 0) text: As the Geat warriors prepare their troll-watch in the hal below... ..-.-Beowulf approaches Hrothgar on the balcony.
53) 4) dialog: What - you're thinking he fights with a clean heart? (CONTINUED)
53) 8) dialog: (flaring) He kills the strongest first! He shows us he can kill the strongest! And who cares if he spares the children - they'll die anyhow without their fathers! A silence.
53) 10) dialog: (shrugs) Hate for the hall, I can only guess. The night we finished building it, the foul creep came. We hadn't seen a troll in fifteen... maybe twenty years.
53) 12) dialog: (faintly irked) Beowulf! It's a fucking troll! Maybe someone looked at it the wrong way!
53) 14) dialog: Who hands you this? Selma? (off Beowulf's look) She's been alone in the wilds too long. Her head's full of spiders, lap's full of moss.
53) 18) dialog: The crazy do. (beat) Listen, I never begged anyone to come here and take on our fight. I don't hold you here --
53) 20) dialog: Then I beg you, don't saddle my heart with talk of why a troll does what it does. Hrothgar eyes the dimming horizon. Turns, squeezes Beowul shoulder, and starts down the steps back into the hall. Beowulf scans the ground, the darkness creeping from the rocks, but his heart remains unsettled.
60) 0) text: ON: Hrothgar slumped on his throne, staring grimly into t otherwise empty space of the hall. WITH: Beowulf edging through the door, seeing Hrothgar. Beowulf crosses the hall toward him... ..+-Hrothgar breaking from his stupor.
60) 1) dialog: I built this hall to be my home. Not the stinking grave of my people. Maybe it should just burn down. A silence. Beowulf considers the handsome hall.
60) 3) dialog: Beowulf! What steers the mind of a Slav? What steers the mind of a Wulfing? They want what's yours so you have to cut their heads in half or else they take it! We're not talking great thinkers here. (CONTINUED)
60) 10) dialog: Something has you turning.
60) 12) dialog: Same thought gnaws on me.
71) 3) dialog: (tremulous whisper) Fuck me... He takes up the bucket, starts out of the room, when... ...Wealhtheow comes in with a pitcher and cups. She immediately sees his state. She looks to the bucket, but pushes past her. Panic rises in her.
71) 5) dialog: It's age. Nothing more.
71) 8) dialog: Happy. (forced laugh) Well, then... I'm not going anywhere today. (beat) Who says this? Selma. (off Wealhtheow's silence) Odin wishes me no peace. (long beat) She said I die happy. Wealhtheow nods. Hrothgar shakes his head, trying to fath the thought. 80 Beowulf & Grendel - 10th dr. - Berzins - July 12/04 - 75.
72) 1) dialog: So long as the king wins the day. The Geats turn to see Hrothgar shuffle up, with an amiabl grin.
72) 3) dialog: So... another bloodless night. (off Beowulf's nod) Well, for you... at any rate. Beowulf ponders the cryptic comment. Hrothgar makes sure none of the others are close enough to hear.
72) 4) dialog: I'm pissing it.
72) 6) dialog: (nods/shrugs ) It's come and gone over the months. (forced grin) I'm turning to a woman. Or a dying man. Beowulf gathers his words.
72) 11) dialog: (stunned) You talked?
72) 14) dialog: He blames me! Of all the shit! (fierce mutter) What the fuck they think -- Hrothgar stops himself. A silence.
72) 15) dialog: There are coves north of here no Dane even dares to go! How much land does one mouth need? What's he think - he's a fucking troll Caesar - with rights to everything he looks upon?! (indicating the mountains) We roamed the seas, I will say that. But up there, that rock and ice, we never found the need to go. I didn't go knocking down his door! The two men brood on this a beat. Hrothgar sighs to calmness.
72) 16) dialog: Word on the waves is I die happy. (off Beowulf's look) No gods I know have offered me that. No. Mine just offer beer, a fish here and there... and friends to burn. (beat /overwhelmed) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
72) 19) dialog: It's hard to hold you talked with that fucker.
73) 0) text: ON: Hrothgar, solemn, to his waist in the river... WIDE/REVEAL: Brendan raising a handful of water and touch Hrothgar's in the sign of the cross... MUTTERING LATIN as does... As Brendan turns back to the shore... ..-Hrothgar remains, and turns to the deeper water.
73) 1) dialog: (a mutter) Bless me... or be done... and drown me in blood. WIDE ON: many DANES on the shore watching the ritual. CLOSE ON: Beowulf and Hondscioh, watching with clearly mi emotions.
99) 0) text: As a couple of warriors carry Hondscioh's body out... * ...Beowulf, surrounded by Breca and several other Geats, watch from their horses. Hrothgar approaches, eyes Hondscioh's corpse. *
99) 1) dialog: Now you truly know our loss. Beowulf edges out of hearing of the others.
99) 3) dialog: The other half would dull your sword. Beowulf dismounts, eyes Hrothgar evenly. *
99) 5) dialog: Were it so easy... I'd have been * the one. * (off Beowulf's look) * I killed his father. * (beat) * (MORE) (CONTINUED)
99) 8) dialog: And even that might have been an end... had it just been the father there...
100) 0) text: [The same cliffs from the opening sequence. ] Hrothgar raises up his battle-mask, holds up his torch, p down into the rocks... and sees... CLOSE ON: the face of the tiny troll-child - Grendel - shuddering with fear, staring up. Hrothgar's breath catches in his throat. He stares a mome more... ...then he heaves his torch off the cliff, as far out in sea as he can...
101) 0) text: Hrothgar's expression echoes that of the memory: one of puzzlement... but now deepened with guilt and regret.
101) 1) dialog: None of the others saw the child. (beat / shrugs) I could've quelled it there and then... but weakness stopped my spear.
101) 3) dialog: Then it's the hardest kindness I know. Hrothgar reaches under his shirt and brings out a Christi erucifix and his Thor-hammer pendant - each on its own si chain. Considers them both.
101) 4) dialog: And now all gods run from me as though I were the death itself. Hrothgar turns and walks toward the mead hall entrance, Beowulf following. (CONTINUED)
102) 0) text: ON: Hrothgar and his weary mind.
102) 1) dialog: He crossed our path. The pathetic pettiness of Hrothgar's answer sweeps over h before he speaks it:
102) 2) dialog: He took a fish. Hrothgar looks to Beowulf, then gazes up to the central rafter... .--.onto which several Danes are mounting Grendel's arm: roping it up then driving spikes through it to hold it to beam.
105) 11) dialog: These gifts won't bring you back your friend, but they might show his family our endless thanks.
105) 16) dialog: Most women would've let me sink.
105) 21) dialog: Go easy, he's harmless. Hrothgar grabs a jug and fills up both their cups.
105) 22) dialog: To the end of gloom! Beowulf forces a smile, joins Hrothgar in a gulp. WITH: Breca and Thorfinn staring up at the arm. (CONTINUED)
105) 30) dialog: I don't think I'm the worst king...
105) 32) dialog: -.-when I think of the others. Martin Longsword the Saxon has a long sword but no brain. Half his kin ran to Angle-land. Six-tooth Peter of the Slavs can't keep his warriors from fighting each other. (beat / smiles) Then... yeah... then there's Sig!
105) 34) dialog: Sig Skullsplitter of the Hathobards. You don't know Sig? You haven't heard of Sig?!
105) 36) dialog: Good God, man! Sheep are just the tip of it. They say he tried a dead walrus once... he's tried horses... he's tried goats. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
105) 39) dialog: (edging hysterical) They say he tried it once with a rabbit... and got stuck --
105) 41) dialog: Yeah! So when he comes to fight, it's on six legs... and you want to see fast?! Hrothgar roars with LAUGHTER, Beowulf laughing as well. Tears start streaming from Hrothgar's eyes.
105) 42) dialog: (between laughs) I tell you... I tell you... if he ever comes here again, I'll send out a batch of squirrels! That'll slow him...! More hysterical laughter and tears... and gradually the m of humour falls... and Hrothgar is reduced to tearful gasps... the fear climbing back into his eyes. Beowulf pats his shoulder.
117) 0) text: A wild-eyed Hrothgar, barefoot, in his nightclothes, is moving through the mess of furniture and bodies. (CONTINUED)
117) 3) dialog: Aeschere! Aeschere! Hrothgar's roaming gaze fixes on... -.-an arm protruding from a shadowed corner, the hand clenched to a splendid sword. Hrothgar recognizes it immediately. He bends, reaches for the arm... ---and that is entirely what he gets: Aeschere's arm torn from its socket... and no body in sight. Hrothgar gasps horror, drops the arm, and staggers back, eyes glazing in shock.
127) 0) text: Everyone is assembled for the pyre-burning of Aeschere. * Surrounding the body are weapons, armour, and other gifts Hrothgar comes up beside Beowulf.
127) 1) dialog: Valkyries will have their hands * full with that old goat. * Beowulf smiles, nods.
127) 2) dialog: I'm sorry to have brought you to all this.
127) 4) dialog: At least now it's over. Beowulf doesn't contradict him.
127) 5) dialog: That Celtic priest said I'd be forgiven. I just need to hook the right god. (wry look / beat) You ever worry on that? Heaven. (CONTINUED)