61) 0) text: The chef, a German named DAGMAR, is laying out lovely nicoise salads. Tony awaits Dagmar's pleasure.
61) 1) dialog: Have you put out the sunflowers, yet?
61) 3) dialog: Good! Go. Tony picks up the salads and exits.
66) 0) text: It's a really beautiful sunny day.  Tony is at the wheel, the sails are full and, sitting in two chairs hard by the stern are Joe and Patricia.  They both are holding deep sea fishing rods; they're trolling. MUSIC. "The Girl From Ipanema," the famous recording by Getz and Gilberto, is playing now. Patricia reels in her line.  A beautiful fish is flapping on the end of it.  Joe reels in his line.  Nothing.  He watches as Patricia unhooks her catch and tosses it in a hamper.  Dagmar appears, looks in the hamper, and nods approvingly.  Then she looks at Joe.  Where's Joe's fish? Then he walks away again.  Joe casts again, while Patricia rebates her hook.  Then Patricia casts again. Mike arrives with a beer for Patricia, who accepts it. Mike leaves.  Patricia gets another strike, asks Joe to hold her beer, which he does.  She reels in another beautiful fish.  She unhooks it and throws it in the hamper.  Dagmar appears, looks in the hamper, nods approvingly, and then looks at Joe.  Where's Joe's fish? Joe looks at Dagmar, and then ignores her. Dagmar departs.  Joe goes back to fishing.  Now Joe gets a strike.  It's a big one!  The line goes burning out his reel.  Patricia notices.  She offers to help him.  He waves her off.  Dagmar appears.  She offers some advice. But Joe's completely focused on his rod.  The rod, which is substantial, starts to bend.  Mike comes back to watch.  The rod is almost bent double.  Then it goes madly to the left.  Offers of help are made, but Joe shouts them back.  Then the rod goes madly to the right. Dagmar runs OUT OF VIEW, and reappears with an enormous gaff, which she brandishes excitedly.  A sudden powerful tug almost pulls Joe off the back of the boat, but Mike grabs him just in time.  Joe is a man possessed.  He reels and pulls with superhuman determination.  Without warning, a huge head, the head of a hammerhead shark, appears at the stern.  Its eyes turn inboard and look at Joe.  Everybody drops everything and runs away. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 4/14/89
72) 2) dialog: There's a typhoon warning. Good morning, Mister Banks.
72) 4) dialog: Looks like we're in for a blow. Joe exits. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 8/21/89
76) 0) text: In the storm.  Patricia is trying to send a distress signal on the radio.  Joe watches.  Dagmar is absent.
77) 0) text: In the storm.  Dagmar has just finished lifting the floorboards and she's checking the gauges on the engine with a flashlight.  Joe approaches.
77) 2) dialog: Looks good, but I'm going to stay with it.
82) 0) text: In the storm.  A little steady stream of water is splashing on Dagmar, which she ignores.  She's adjusting the timing of the engine with a fat screwdriver.
125) 0) text: Picking up Joe and Patricia.  Patricia's crew is on board, that is Dagmar and the boat boys.
125) 2) dialog: We were saved.
125) 4) dialog: We were very lucky. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 4/14/89