16) 0) text: The DOORBELL starts to RING AGAIN as Joe opens the door. In the hallway is a powerful, glittering-eyed old man of seventy, MR. GRAYNAMORE.  He's wearing a long, black cashmere overcoat, a dramatic but not silly black fedora, and cowboy boots.  He carries a vacuum-sealed can of Planter's Peanuts in his pocket.  He's got a cane with a duck's head.
16) 1) dialog: Joe Banks?  Mr. Joe Banks?
16) 3) dialog: Have I come at a bad time?
16) 5) dialog: Can I come in? Can we talk? Joe throwing the door open.  He's in his bathrobe.
16) 6) dialog: You're not dressed?
16) 8) dialog: Doesn't bother me if it doesn't bother you. Graynamore strides past Joe into Joe's living room.  Joe looks after, in a bit of a daze.  Then he follows.
17) 0) text: It's modest, to say the least.  It's messy and cheaply furnished.  An enormous crack runs up the wall and across the ceiling.  Graynamore takes the room in.
17) 1) dialog: Not a nice place you have here, Joe.  Mind if I call you Joe?
17) 4) dialog: Dingy, shabby, dinky, not much. He rips off his coat with gusto and tosses it away.  He sings a little of "Someone's in the Kitchen With Dinah."
17) 7) dialog: I see it as a sign of tremendous sophistication that you haven't demanded my name or asked me what I'm doing here.  My name is Samuel Harvey Graynamore. They shake hands.
17) 9) dialog: I know. (stares into Joe's face)
17) 12) dialog: You dragged two kids down a six-story burning staircase. That was brave.  But then you went back up for the third. That was heroic.  Com'on, you're a hero.
17) 14) dialog: Yes, it was. Graynamore opens the nuts and dumps them on the table.
17) 16) dialog: I know all about you.  As much as I could learn in twenty- four hours, anyway.  Peanuts?
17) 20) dialog: Quit your job, huh?
17) 22) dialog: Well, sounded like a dumb job. No family?
17) 26) dialog: Good for you.  Families are a pain in the neck. What do you know about superconductors ?
17) 28) dialog: Me neither.  But I own a huge company that dominates the world market for superconductors.
17) 30) dialog: Yes.  Sit down. Graynamore sits down, suddenly grounded and serious.
17) 31) dialog: I got a call from Dr. Ellison. You were at his office yesterday? Joe nods.
17) 32) dialog: He told me your news.  I hope you won't be angry with him. He thought you and I might be able to help each other.  Got any whiskey? Joe shakes his head.  Graynamore produces a pipe.
17) 33) dialog: I want to hire you, Joe Banks. I want you... Graynamore strikes an enormous match and lights up.
17) 34) dialog: to jump into a volcano. Joe jumps up.
17) 38) dialog: There's an island in the South Pacific called Waponi Woo. The name means 'The Little Island With the Big Volcano.' The Waponis are a cheerful people who live a simple existence fishing in the lagoon and picking fruit.  They have one fear.  That's a big volcano, they call it The Big Woo. They believe an angry fire god in the volcano will sink the island unless, once every hundred years, he is appeased. It's been ninety-nine years, eleven months, and eleven days since the fire god got his propers and the Waponis are scared.
17) 40) dialog: Of his own free will, a man's got to jump into the volcano. Now as you might imagine, none of the Waponis are anxious to volunteer for the honor of jumping into the Big Woo.  And the problem is that whoever does it gotta do it of his own free will so what do you do?
17) 42) dialog: You do some tradin'.  There's a mineral on that island, Mr. Banks. It's called bubureau. I don't know anywhere else on the planet where you can find more than a gram of this stuff, and believe me I've looked.  Because without bubureau I can't make my superconductors.  I've tried to get the mineral rights from the Waponis, but I don't seem to have anything they want. But they do want a hero, Mr. Banks.  And they'll give me the mineral rights if I find them one.
17) 46) dialog: From your exploits in the Fire Department, I think you've got the courage.
17) 48) dialog: Does it take more guts to twice traverse a staircase in flames, or to make a onetime leap into the mouth of a smoking volcano? Damned if I know, kimosabe.  All I know is when you're making those kind of calls, you're up in the high country. From your doctor, you know you're on your way out anyway.  You haven't got any money.  I checked. (grabs Joe by the shoulders)
17) 49) text: Do you want to wait it out here, in this apartment?  That sounds kind a grim to me. It's not how I'd wanna go, I'll tell you that. Graynamore lets go of his shoulders.  He takes out his wallet and lays out four credit cards on the stereo console:  Diner's Club, Gold Visa, Gold Master, and Gold American Express.  The cards have Joseph Banks printed on them.  Joe looks at the cards.  We hear Graynamore's voice as we look at the cards.
17) 50) dialog: These are yours if you take the job.  It'd be twenty days from today before you'd have to actually jump in the Big Woo.  You could shop today, get yourself some clothes, you know, for an adventure.  Then tomorrow a plane to L.A. first class, naturally. You'll be met.  Stay in the best hotel. Then the next day, you board a yacht.  My competitors sometimes watch the airports. The yacht's a real beauty. (produces wallet photo of the yacht)
17) 54) dialog: You sail to the South Pacific. Then, fifteen days. The Waponis come out to meet you, a total red carpet situation, you're a national hero. You're Charles Lindbergh. It's wine, women and song in the sweetest little paradise you ever saw. Then you jump in the volcano. Live like a king, die like a man, that's what I say. What do you say? (picks up the credit cards and looks ###ks at Graynamore.
17) 56) dialog: Here's my card and your plane ticket. American, noon out of Kennedy tomorrow. (picks up his coat and hat and heads for door)
17) 58) dialog: Yes?
17) 60) dialog: Why then I'd kill you in a very slow and painful way.  But you'll jump. (laughs in a warm and wonderful way, goes to door, opens it, and leaves.) Joe stands there, ###er him for a moment, and then pulls out the ###s.  He flips through, finds what he wants, and ### number.
126) 0) text: Graynamore is watching the island sink through a telescope.  Meanwhile, two boat boys wrap Patricia and Joe in blankets.  Graynamore, oddly calm and detached, given the circumstances, looks away from the eyepiece of the telescope.  He says to no one in particular.
126) 1) dialog: There goes my dream of beating the shit out of the competition.
126) 3) dialog: You kept your bargain, Mr. Banks. To the letter.  The miracle of course is that you kept the bargain and you're alive.
126) 5) dialog: Yes. He's a trifle uneasy.
126) 7) dialog: I thought you were dead, young lady.  I thought you drowned. Both of you for that matter. I just got here to see what kind of alternate deal I could cut with the Chief.  But the Chief, I'm afraid, is history.
126) 9) dialog: Oh, I'm glad.  I'm just disappointed about losing these mineral rights.  It meant a lot to me.  It was a real opportunity.
126) 13) dialog: This is a small boat, Mr. Banks. Too small to keep a big secret all the way back to L.A.  Come out, Kenneth! Kenneth emerges from the shadows where he's been skulking.  It's Dr. Ellison; the doctor who told Joe he was going to die.  He's got a drink and he looks nervous.
126) 16) dialog: His name is Kenneth Hindmick. Business Affairs.  He works for me.
126) 24) dialog: And he made believe he was a Dr. Ellison. (MORE)
126) 27) dialog: And he told Joe here that he had something called a brain cloud, and that he was going to die. So that Joe here would agree to jump in the volcano.
126) 33) dialog: So we'll just take turns watching him till we get back to L.A. Nobody'll believe his story anyway.
126) 35) dialog: Now, Patricia, when we get back, I'm going to give this boat to you, and you can sail off into the distance with it and be done with us all.
126) 39) dialog: (talking to Kenneth)
126) 45) dialog: Oh, I have?  Nothing comes readily to mind. Joe is still facing Kenneth.
126) 52) dialog: If I'd had the gun, you'd be dead now.
126) 58) dialog: I have no idea
127) 0) text: As Graynamore and company are just finished getting into a dinghy.  Joe and Patricia stand on the deck, Joe still pointing the gun.  Patricia's crew stands by.
127) 3) dialog: You'll pay for this.  I'll see to that!
127) 7) dialog: What?
129) 0) text: Graynamore is thoughtful.  He starts to smile.
129) 1) dialog: I like that boy!  Good for her!
129) 3) dialog: I like a tight spot.  Maybe I have gotten a little greedy. (produces a paddle and hands it to Kenneth)
129) 9) dialog: (lights a pipe)