0) 5) text: Joe is shuffling down the main walk in the building.  On his left are doors leading to offices.  On his right is the factory, which has the feel of an airplane hangar. The factory is separated from the walk on which Joe progresses by a heavy wire fence twelve feet high.  Joe passes by a sign on this fence that says "Shipping." This area is filled with thousands of brown cardboard boxes; a shipping clerk among these boxes pulls a lever on a device; the device spews out several feet of wet brown tape.  Joe continues on.  He passes a sign on the fence that says "Canteen."  This area contains a row of vending machines and two long tables; a guy who looks like he's going to die is sitting at one of the tables eating pink Hostess snowballs; he eats them in a slow, dismal way, as if they were giant sleeping pills.  Joe continues on.  He passes a sign on the fence that says "Quality Control." This is the biggest area; it's filled with workers in shower caps and worn white jackets; they work a distance apart from each other, at long tables; they are inspecting terrifying medical instruments.  One of these workers, a middle-aged woman named Sally, attaches a catheter to an air pump.  The catheter inflates and finally explodes.  Sally seems satisfied.  Joe continues on, his shoe distantly SQUISHING.  He stops at one of the office doors on his left. The lettering on the door reads:
2) 0) text: The same fluorescent lighting.  There's a small wooden desk which has on it an old electric typewriter and an out-of-place lamp; it's a lamp Joe brought from home. The rest of the office is almost entirely taken up with grey industrial shelving.  On these shelves are brochures depicting various medical instruments.  Samples of each brochure are taped to the appropriate shelf.  Behind Joe's desk is a pipe that runs floor-to-ceiling and is painted fire-engine red.
2) 4) dialog: Good morning, Dede.
2) 6) dialog: I'm losing my sole.
2) 8) dialog: I'm a little tired.
2) 11) dialog: Can't do it.
2) 13) dialog: I only got twelve catalogs left altogether.
2) 16) dialog: Well, I'm not feeling very good, Mr. Waturi.
2) 22) dialog: Yeah. Well. That's the problem. Anyway, I got the doctor's appointment today.
2) 27) dialog: Yeah.
2) 29) dialog: I've only got twelve.
2) 31) dialog: I told you.
2) 33) dialog: Three weeks ago.  Then two weeks ago.
2) 35) dialog: No.
2) 37) dialog: I don't know.  I thought you knew.
2) 39) dialog: You mean, this room.
2) 44) dialog: You put the orders into the printer, Mr. Waturi, not me. That's how you wanted it.
2) 46) dialog: I thought you were going to explain it to me.
2) 48) dialog: I don't feel inflexible.
2) 50) dialog: I don't feel good.
2) 52) dialog: What do you want from me, Mr. Waturi?
2) 54) dialog: These fluorescent lights affect me.  They make me feel blotchy, puffy.  I thought this light would...
2) 59) dialog: Then please order them.
2) 62) dialog: I will.
2) 65) dialog: Advertising library.  Fifty? I'm sorry, we don't have that many in stock.  I don't know why.  The catalog is a thing... I don't know.  It's here and it's gone.  I can't explain.  It's a mystery. He hangs up the phone.  Dede has quietly come in.  She's looking at Joe.  She speaks to him in a low voice.
2) 67) dialog: Like what?
2) 72) dialog: I don't... feel very good. She looks at him.  She's frustrated with this guy.  This is somebody who she could go for, but he's just lying there like a dog waiting to be kicked.  He looks at her. If he had the strength, if he were feeling a little better, he'd make a play for this woman.  But he's helpless.  He just doesn't feel very good.  Absently, he feels the glands in his throat.
2) 74) dialog: I don't know. She stares at him.  She's angry, frustrated.  She turns and walks out. Joe's eyes are shining with tears that will not fall.  He is powerless to help himself.  He mutters to himself, fierce and impotent.
2) 75) dialog: I don't know. He presses the heels of his hands into his eyes.
3) 0) text: We discover Joe with the heels of his hands pressed into his eyes.  This room is fluorescently lit, too, and perhaps at first we don't realize we have gone somewhere else.  A nurse's voice is heard.
3) 2) dialog: Yeah?
4) 2) dialog: Pretty much the same.  I feel puffy, blotchy.  I never seem to have very much energy.  I get these little sore throats. I just don't feel good.
4) 4) dialog: Well.  Pretty much since I left the Fire Department.  On and off. But since then. 'Bout eight years.
4) 6) dialog: Well, ah, you know, I put out fires.
4) 8) dialog: Yeah.  Ahm, pretty rough stuff. But I came out of it okay.  The hard part was not feeling good all the time.  I started not feeling good all the time.  So I hadda quit. Ellison nods.
4) 12) dialog: I've got cancer.
4) 14) dialog: This new venereal...
4) 16) dialog: Is there something wrong with my blood or urine or...?
4) 18) dialog: Tell me.
4) 20) dialog: A brain cloud.
4) 22) dialog: And it's incurable.
4) 24) dialog: How long?
4) 28) dialog: But what are you talking about, Doctor?  I don't feel good right now.
4) 31) dialog: I'm not sick?  Except for this terminal disease?
4) 33) dialog: What am I going to do?
4) 35) dialog: I don't have any savings.  A few hundred bucks.  I've spent everything on doctors.
4) 37) dialog: A brain cloud.  I knew it. Well, I didn't know it, but I knew it.
4) 41) dialog: What am I going to do?
4) 43) dialog: I've got to go.  I'm on my lunch hour which is over. Joe gets up and Ellison follows suit, putting out his hand.
4) 45) dialog: Yeah . Joe leaves. Ellison starts to sit down. Joe comes back in.
4) 46) dialog: I'm sorry I didn't shake your hand. Joe takes the doctor's hand and shakes it.  Then he drops it and exits abruptly.  Ellison sits there a moment, not moving.  Then he opens a drawer in his desk and takes out a flask.  He pours himself a drink and begins to drink it.
5) 0) text: This is the building Ellison's office is in.  Joe's car is parked out front.  Joe comes slowly out.  It's still overcast, but lighter and dryer than it was earlier. As Joe walks down the steps, an elderly woman approaches with her dog, Molly, a mutt.  Joe sees the dog and stops, fixed on it.  He pats the dog on the head.  The elderly woman thinks this is nice. Then Joe embraces the dog, and kneeling down, hugs it intensely.  The elderly woman is alarmed and pulls the dog away.  Joe looks after them.
5) 3) text: Joe drives INTO FRAME.  He gets out and we FOLLOW him as he approaches the GUARD at the gate.  The Guard nods him in.  He starts to walk past.  Then he goes back to the Guard.
5) 4) dialog: What's your name?
5) 6) dialog: Fred. He thinks that over and then goes on his way.
5) 7) text: Joe standing outside the door marked Advertising Dept. He is thoughtful.  He goes in.
6) 0) text: Joe comes in.  Dede is typing away.  Mr. Waturi is on the phone.  Joe hangs up his coat.  He misses with the hat again because of Dede's typing.  He leans over and switches the typewriter off.  Then he picks up his hat, dusts it off and throws it in the garbage can.
6) 2) text: No.  No.  You were wrong.  He was wrong.  Who said that?  I didn't say that.  If I had said that, I would've been wrong.  I would've been wrong, Harry, isn't that right? Mr. Waturi's attention is split between his call and Joe, who is walking around the office like a tourist.
6) 7) dialog: Yeah?
6) 9) dialog: About that. Joe wanders away, into his office.  Waturi looks after.
7) 0) text: Joe is staring at the big wheel valve sporting the sign that says Main Drain.  Mr. Waturi comes in as Joe moves forward and, with great effort, rotates the wheel to its opposite extreme.  This scares Waturi.
7) 2) dialog: I'm opening, or closing, the main drain. Nothing happens.
7) 4) dialog: Nothing happened.  Do you know how long I've been wondering what would happen if I did that?
7) 6) dialog: Brain cloud.
7) 8) dialog: Never mind.  Listen, Mr. Waturi. Frank.  I quit.
7) 12) dialog: That's right.
7) 14) dialog: Okay, I won't.
7) 16) dialog: I've been here for four and a half years.  The work I did I probably could've done in five, six months. That leaves four years leftover. He's been filling up a shopping bag with stuff from his desk:  three books (Romeo and Juliet, Robinson Crusoe and The Odyssey), an old ukulele and his lamp.  Now he's finished.  He walks out of the room without even looking at Waturi.  Waturi goes after him as he exits.
8) 0) text: Joe is walking towards the front door.  Waturi follows him in.  Joe stops at Dede's desk. She's typing.  He looks at her.  She stops typing.
8) 1) dialog: Four years.  If I had them now. Like gold in my hand. Here.  This is for you. (gives Dede the lamp)
8) 8) dialog: I should say something.
8) 10) dialog: This life.  Life?  What a joke. This situation   This room.
8) 12) dialog: You look terrible, Mr. Waturi. You look like a bag of shit stuffed inna cheap suit.  Not that anyone would look good under these zombie lights.  I can feel them sucking the juice outta my eyeballs. Three hundred bucks a week, that's the news.  For three hundred bucks a week I've lived in this sink. This used rubber.
8) 14) dialog: Don't you think I know that, Frank? Don't you think I'm aware there's a woman here?  I can taste her on my tongue.  I can smell her.  When I'm twenty feet away, I can hear the fabric of her dress when she moves in her chair.  Not that I've done anything about it.  I've gone all day, every day, not doing, not saying, not taking the chance for three hundred bucks a week, and Frank the coffee stinks it's like arsenic, the lights give me a headache if the lights don't give you a headache you must be dead, let's arrange the funeral.
8) 18) dialog: You're telling me nothing.
8) 20) dialog: And why, I ask myself, why have I put up with you?  I can't imagine but I know. Fear.  Yellow freakin' fear. I've been too chicken shit afraid to live my life so I sold it to you for three hundred freakin' dollars a week! You're lucky I don't kill you! You're lucky I don't rip your freakin' throat out! But I'm not going to and maybe you're not so lucky at that. 'Cause I'm gonna leave you here, Mister Wa-a-Waturi, and what could be worse than that? Joe opens the door and leaves.  Mr. Waturi and Dede are frozen.  The door reopens and Joe comes halfway back in.
8) 21) dialog: Dede?
8) 23) dialog: How 'bout dinner tonight?
9) 0) text: Joe and Dede are sitting at a table, steaming plates of food before them.
9) 3) dialog: I mean, who am I?  That's the real question, isn't it?  Who am I? Who are you?  What other questions are there?  What other questions are there, really?  If you want to understand the universe, embrace the universe, the door to the universe is you!
9) 5) dialog: You.  Me.
9) 7) dialog: Am I?  I guess I am.  I was.
9) 9) dialog: I mean, a long time ago.  In the beginning.  I was full of piss and vinegar.  Nothing got me down.  I wanted to know!
9) 11) dialog: Everything!  But then, I had some experiences... I was talking to this guy today, he says I got scared.
9) 13) dialog: Have you ever been scared?
9) 18) dialog: What scared you?
9) 20) dialog: Me?
9) 22) dialog: Why would I scare you?
9) 24) dialog: I feel great.
9) 26) dialog: No, I never do. He laughs.
9) 28) dialog: I do feel great.  And that is very funny!
9) 30) dialog: I'm right here.
9) 34) dialog: (nodding)
9) 36) dialog: Wait a minute.
9) 40) dialog: I bribed them to sing a song that would drive us insane and make our hearts swell and burst. Whereupon the three guys with guitars arrive at the table and launch into an extremely passionate Castilian love song.  The song makes conversation impossible.  Joe pours Dede some more red wine.  They toast, looking into each other's eyes.  The scene ends, but the SONG CONTINUES through the following.
10) 0) text: Against a slightly tilting lamp post leans a sailor in uniform.  Joe and Dede emerge from the restaurant and get in his beat-up car.  The car pulls away.  The SONG CONTINUES through the following.
11) 0) text: The ferry pulls away from the shore.  Joe and Dede go to the railing and look back at Manhattan, all lit up, receding.  They kiss and look again.  The song continues through next.
12) 0) text: Joe's car pulls to a stop in front of it, and he and Dede get out.  There are some steps.  He kisses her and carries her up the steps.  Then he puts her down to open the door.  The SONG ENDS.
13) 0) text: Joe throws open the door with one hand.  He's got Dede on his arm.  They kiss passionately.  Joe reluctantly ends the kiss.
13) 1) dialog: Listen.
13) 5) dialog: Huh?
13) 7) dialog: The doctor told me I've got this thing wrong with my brain.  It's not catching. But I've just got five or six months to live.
13) 9) dialog: I'm gonna die.  And it's made me. very appreciative of my life. Dede shrinks from him, clutching her coat, suddenly cold.
13) 11) dialog: Please don't. He reaches for her.  She steps back.
13) 13) dialog: Dede, I really want you to stay.
13) 15) dialog: Yeah, but so what?  Stay! Just tonight.  Tomorrow'll take care of itself. She hesitates on the brink of staying, lifts her hands to say yes, but her courage fails her.
14) 0) text: Joe is making some real coffee.  He's changed into bathrobe.  He's got a little lamp on, not the overhead light.  He opens the refrigerator and takes out a loaf of white bread.  He puts a couple of slices in the toaster. Then he looks at his little tin dining table and at window.  The window is so dirty it's opaque.  You'd like to open it to see out.  He pulls the table over to window.  Then he pulls a chair over to face the window. The window looks out on a long little street.  At the end of the street is a brightness, where the sun will be.  He brings his coffee to the table, and a napkin, and a a spoon. He hears the TOAST POP.  He gets it, puts it on a plate, butters it, and brings it to the table.  He sits down. He takes a sip of coffee and a bite of toast.  He 1ooks out the window.  The sun is just starting to come up. He looks at the coffee, at the little whiff of steam rising from the cracked cup.  The crack's in the shape of ACHI logo.  He looks at the toast with one bite missing and the butter melting into the golden bread.  He 1ooks at the sun's splendid red rim.  These things are so beautiful.  His eyes well up.  He takes another bite of the toast and another sip of the coffee and looks at the rising sun.  It's so great that he's here to experience these things, and so sad that he's leaving.  He goes back to the refrigerator and takes out the loaf of bread. He puts a couple of more slices in the toaster and the almost full loaf of bread next to the almost full pot of coffee.
15) 0) text: The loaf of bread is almost gone and the pot of coffee is empty.  Now we PULL BACK and see Joe sitting by the window with his feet up, some crusts of toast lying on the plate next to him.  The sun has risen a goodly bit, and can no longer be seen by us.  But Joe is dappled with sunlight.  He is no longer in the thrall of a big emotion, but he is extremely deep in the thought.  The DOORBELL RINGS.  Joe doesn't move.  It RINGS AGAIN.  Did he hear the doorbell?  It RINGS AGAIN.  He is now satisfied the doorbell is ringing.  He gets up and out into the foyer. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 5/16/89
16) 0) text: The DOORBELL starts to RING AGAIN as Joe opens the door. In the hallway is a powerful, glittering-eyed old man of seventy, MR. GRAYNAMORE.  He's wearing a long, black cashmere overcoat, a dramatic but not silly black fedora, and cowboy boots.  He carries a vacuum-sealed can of Planter's Peanuts in his pocket.  He's got a cane with a duck's head.
16) 2) dialog: Yeah?
16) 4) dialog: Yeah.  No.  I don't know how to answer that question.
16) 7) dialog: No.
17) 2) dialog: No. Graynamore smacks a hole in the wall with his cane.
17) 8) dialog: Joe Banks.
17) 11) dialog: What do you mean?
17) 13) dialog: That was a long time ago.
17) 15) dialog: How do you know my name?
17) 17) dialog: No.
17) 21) dialog: Yeah.
17) 23) dialog: No.
17) 27) dialog: Nothing.
17) 29) dialog: Really.
17) 35) dialog: I do have some whiskey. Joe pulls a bottle of cheap scotch out of a cabinet, along with two glasses.  He pours them both a drink and sits down.  Graynamore downs his whiskey which makes his eyes glitter all the more.  He leans forward and speaks with great intensity.
17) 39) dialog: How's the god appeased?
17) 41) dialog: What do you do? Graynamore gets up and starts to move around the room.
17) 43) dialog: Why would I jump into a volcano?
17) 47) dialog: You do?
17) 49) text: Do you want to wait it out here, in this apartment?  That sounds kind a grim to me. It's not how I'd wanna go, I'll tell you that. Graynamore lets go of his shoulders.  He takes out his wallet and lays out four credit cards on the stereo console:  Diner's Club, Gold Visa, Gold Master, and Gold American Express.  The cards have Joseph Banks printed on them.  Joe looks at the cards.  We hear Graynamore's voice as we look at the cards.
17) 55) dialog: Alright. I'll do it.
17) 57) dialog: Mr. Graynamore?
17) 59) dialog: What if I use the cards and take the plane and go on the yacht and party on the island and then I change  my mind and I don't jump in the volcano?
17) 61) dialog: Hi, I'd like to rent a limousine JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 5/16/89
17) 63) dialog: Thank you?  Yes, I do. American Express.  The Gold Card.  Can I have a white limousine? Joe smiles, looking at the card in his hand.
19) 0) text: Joe is sitting in the back, idly plucking his ukulele, looking out the windows, stretching his legs. Driver is a middle-aged black man; his name is MARSHALL.  He's wearing a jacket and tie and sunglasses. He seems reserved and efficient
19) 4) dialog: Excuse me?
19) 9) dialog: I thought I might like to do some shopping.
19) 11) dialog: I don't know. Marshall is disgruntled, but hides it behind his reserve.
19) 13) dialog: Where would you go shopping?
19) 15) dialog: Clothes.
19) 17) dialog: I don't exactly know. Marshall pulls the car over and stops.
19) 18) dialog: Why'd you stop?
19) 20) dialog: I didn't ask you to tell me who I am.
19) 24) dialog: Banks.
19) 26) dialog: Joe.
19) 30) dialog: I'm going away on a long trip.
19) 32) dialog: I've got the opportunity to buy some clothes today.
19) 36) dialog: Money's no object.
19) 38) dialog: Well.  I'm going out tonight in the city.
19) 40) dialog: I hope so.  Then tomorrow I'm flying to L.A.
19) 42) dialog: Yeah.
19) 44) dialog: Then I'm getting on a yacht and sailing to the South Pacific. MARSHALL Hawaii?
19) 45) dialog: No.  A really unknown little island.
19) 47) dialog: I don't think so.
19) 49) dialog: Then I'll be on the island for a couple of weeks, then that's it.
19) 53) dialog: Well, I've got the kind of clothes I'm wearin'.
21) 0) text: Joe's getting ready to get out.
21) 1) dialog: So just socks and underwear?
21) 3) dialog: Alright. Joe gets out of the car and goes in.
22) 0) text: A conservative UNDERGARMENT SALESMAN is helping Joe.
22) 4) dialog: How many does a man need? The Salesman pauses, thinks and replies.
23) 5) dialog: They've got a changing room. I'm wearing the underwear.
24) 2) dialog: Ah, well, some kind of overcoat. I don't know, maybe like a English trench coat.
24) 6) dialog: What would you get?
24) 8) dialog: Yeah?
24) 10) dialog: What's wrong with my hair?
25) 0) text: The white limo pulls up. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 5/16/89
26) 1) dialog: So what do I ask for?
27) 0) text: Joe and Marshall get out and go in.
28) 0) text: Joe is standing on a fitting stool in a beautiful suit. He's being ministered to by an ITALIAN TAILOR, as Marshall supervises.  Marshall murmurs to the Tailor.
28) 3) text: You can take it off now, sir. Points the way to Joe and walks off.
28) 5) dialog: What for?
28) 7) dialog: I'll get one if you get one.
28) 9) dialog: You're getting paid to drive the car.  Nobody's paying you to give me all this advice. Let me buy you the tux and we'll call it even.
30) 0) text: emerge.  Marshall opens the door to the limo for Joe and urges him to speed it up.
32) 0) text: Joe is trying on a safari jacket.  Two salesmen stand by. Joe nods.  Now one of the salesmen puts a particularly dashing safari hat on Joe.  He looks in a mirror.  He really, really likes it.
33) 3) dialog: How you making me look?
33) 5) dialog: In one of those subway barber shops.
33) 30) dialog: I look good.
34) 0) text: The limo pulls up.  Joe goes in. Marshall stays in the car.
35) 0) text: ANGLE ON the indoor golfing practice green.  Joe putts a golf ball into the hole.
35) 1) dialog: I'll take it.
35) 3) dialog: I'll take this, too.
35) 8) dialog: You mean you can walk on water?
35) 10) dialog: I'll take a pair.
35) 14) dialog: Thank YOU.
36) 0) text: Two uniformed attendants from Armani are handing the last of the boxes to Joe, who's now sitting in front with Marshall.
36) 3) dialog: Thanks! Marshall pulls away from the curb.
36) 5) dialog: What else could I need?
36) 7) dialog: I didn't think of that.
37) 0) text: It's as quiet as a church.  A few pieces of extremely high quality leather luggage are on display.  The SALESMAN, a small neat man in a quiet suit, is the store's representative.  He's talking with Joe.  He's a very serious, understated man.
37) 2) dialog: No, I never really have.
37) 4) dialog: I guess that's true.
37) 6) dialog: Heavy.
37) 10) dialog: Flying.  And by ship.
37) 12) dialog: Yes.
37) 14) dialog: And then I'll be staying on this island, I don't even really know if I'll be living in a hut or what.
37) 16) dialog: Yeah.
37) 18) dialog: Wow. The Luggage Salesman opens it. It has hangers, drawers, a mirror, the works.
37) 22) dialog: I'll take four of them. This is the classiest thing the Luggage Salesman's ever heard.
38) 0) text: Marshall and Joe have just finished securing the four trunks to the top of the white limo.  They get in the car.
39) 1) dialog: I'm through shopping.
39) 3) dialog: Yeah, I guess so.  No.  A really good hotel.  The Plaza?
39) 5) dialog: Where would you go?
40) 0) text: Seven bellboys and girls are unloading the white limo and carrying its contents into the hotel.  They wear classic bellboy uniforms and caps.  Marshall and Joe are watching.
40) 3) dialog: Marshall?
40) 5) dialog: I wonder if you'd want to have dinner with me tonight?
40) 7) dialog: Yeah. The HEAD BELLMAN informs Joe.
40) 10) dialog: No.  But there are certain times in your life when I guess you're not supposed to have anybody, you know?  There are certain doors you have to go through alone.
41) 0) text: Joe has one of his trunks open.  He's hanging his tuxedo up in it.  He's been taking stuff out of boxes and packing it into the trunks.  He opens another box and takes out his new suit.  The MUSIC CONTINUES through the next. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 6/2/89
42) 0) text: This is an incredibly beautiful, quiet restaurant.  Joe's discovered, sitting alone at a table. The Pierre waiter is just walking away.  Joe's sipping a glass of wine, his entree before him.  The MUSIC CONTINUES through next.
43) 0) text: Walking along.  As he approaches The Plaza, two cabs pull up and eight theatregoers from out of town disembark. They are all middle-aged, wearing their best clothes, having a good time.  They cross in front of Joe on their way into the hotel.  He watches them go by and disappear. It makes him smile and it makes him feel alone.  He goes on.  The MUSIC CONTINUES through next.
44) 0) text: Joe walks by and stops, struck by the contents of the win dow.  It's a female dummy, dressed as Patricia will be on the yacht.  Behind the dummy is a photo mural of the yacht.
45) 0) text: We've arrived at the place where the music is coming from.  Joe sits at a little table listening to a good jazz quartet.  They are a pasty-faced English quartet. Everyone in the club is black except Joe, the bartender and the band, which is playing "Do You Know The Way to San Jose."  Everyone is drinking martinis.  They form a straight line down the bar each with a giant green olive in it.  Joe finishes a martini and waves for the check. The MUSIC CONTINUES through the next.
46) 0) text: Joe, weaving ever so slightly, walks up the street and approaches the hotel.  The MUSIC CONCLUDES.
47) 0) text: The lights are out.  Joe's in bed, staring at the ceiling.  We look DOWN on him.  It's very, very silent. Finally, he closes his eyes and turns his head.
48) 0) text: JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 5/16/89
49) 0) text: In the flight to L.A.  Joe is sitting on the aisle.  Next to him is a grey-haired, wholesome priest named FATHER CONROY.  The clergyman is most way through a drink, wrapped up in his own thoughts.  Joe is deeply aware that he's sitting next to a priest; he's uneasy, shifting in his chair.  The STEWARDESS notices Joe and approaches.
49) 4) dialog: No, thank you.  No, I changed my mind.  Some club soda, please.
49) 8) dialog: Have you ever been to California before?
49) 10) dialog: I've never been anywhere.
49) 12) dialog: I don't believe in God
49) 14) dialog: I did when I was a kid, but I lost my faith in high school.
49) 16) dialog: And then, when I was in danger - I was a fireman - in the middle of the fire, I never like turned around and fell to my knees and started praying.
49) 21) dialog: No.  There are atheists in foxholes.
49) 23) dialog: But I've come to a place in my life where I've come face to face with the facts of life and death. I mean, it's a chance happening I'm alive, it's a miracle, I'm so lucky! And it's not going to last. It's like a shooting star. So beautiful, so fleeting, make a wish before it's gone, you know? I'm so moved.  But cut off.  If there is a God, if there is some kind of music going through everything, I can't hear it.  I'm alone.  I really feel I'm alone. I'm walking down this little path by myself.
49) 25) dialog: Can you help me? The Stewardess has returned with their drinks.
49) 27) dialog: Oh, yeah.  Thank you. She serves the priest a little bottle of bourbon and a glass of ice.  He gives her his old glass.
49) 29) dialog: Can you help me?
49) 33) dialog: I don't need an analyst. That's not the kind of problem I have. Inspirational light shines through the cabin window.
51) 0) text: Joe and his fellow travellers are just entering the terminal proper.  A commercial airplane presses its nose inquisitively against a visible window.  It is surrounded by orange trees.  Joe is surrounded by blond California guys as he gets off the plane.  We see a homemade banner "Welcome to L.A. St. Dymphna's Girls Academy."  Of the six people waiting, five of them look like Brezhnev.  The sixth is ANGELICA, she is holding aloft a sign which reads "JOSEPH BANKS."  She looks like Dede.  Joe does a take, he goes to her.  Several Catholic school girls run by.
51) 1) dialog: Hi.
51) 3) dialog: Yeah.  Who are you?
51) 7) dialog: Nice to meet you.  Again.
51) 10) dialog: I've got some luggage.
52) 0) text: The taxi is going along a highway.  We LEAVE the taxi and MOVE FORWARD TO a red convertible.  In the red convertible are Angelica at the wheel, and Joe beside her.  They are driving alongside the blue ocean.  Green palm trees wave overhead.  All is beautiful and fresh.
52) 1) dialog: I've never been to L.A. before.
52) 3) dialog: It looks fake.  I like it.
54) 0) text: Fancy "fun" restaurant.  A big platter of Dungeness crabs being carried through the restaurant.  It's placed on a table where Joe and Angelica are sitting.  There are already two other platters of exotic food on the table. Now we see the waiter and waitress, a slick blond named RALPH and a redheaded waitress named RITA.
54) 4) dialog: Nothing.
54) 10) dialog: I was an advertising librarian for a medical supply company.
54) 12) dialog: What do you do?
54) 14) dialog: Uh, I don't know. Angelica produces and takes two pills.  Suddenly, she gets very defensive.
54) 16) dialog: Really?
54) 18) dialog: No.
54) 20) dialog: I didn't know that.
54) 22) dialog: Why?
54) 26) dialog: No.
54) 28) dialog: And a poet.  Sure.
54) 36) dialog: It's terrific.  Where you get your ideas?
55) 1) dialog: Nice view.  It's like looking down at the stars. Angelica takes two more pills.
55) 3) dialog: Sure.
55) 6) dialog: Okay.
55) 9) dialog: What's the matter?
55) 11) dialog: What?  Why would you do that?
55) 13) dialog: Some things take care of themselves.  They're not your job. Maybe they're not even your business.  I like your poem.
55) 15) dialog: Why are you telling me?
55) 19) dialog: Listen to me.  If you have a choice between killing yourself and doing something you're scared of doing, why not take the leap and do the thing you're scared of doing?
55) 21) dialog: You see?  You know what you're afraid of doing.  Why don't you do it?  See what happens?
55) 26) dialog: I don't mind talking. Suddenly, she's very angry.
55) 28) dialog: Look.  I don't know you.  I don't think I know anybody. You're angry.  I can see that. (he quietly gets upset)
55) 31) dialog: You seem far away.
55) 33) dialog: Maybe you better take me back to the hotel. His eyes are shining.  She looks at him.  She puts the car in gear and pulls out. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 5/16/89
56) 0) text: The red convertible pulls up.  Joe gets out.
56) 2) dialog: No.
56) 4) dialog: Okay.
56) 6) dialog: Joe making his way through some greenery.  He parts some tall grass, and we see what he sees -- JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 6/2/89
58) 0) text: The sun turns into an orange-yellow yolk of a sunnyside- up egg.  The CAMERA PULLS BACK.  Joe and Angelica are eating breakfast.  Joe is dressed like Jungle Jim.
58) 2) dialog: You were fine.
58) 4) dialog: It's real complicated.
58) 8) dialog: Who's Patricia?
58) 10) dialog: She is?
58) 12) dialog: No.
58) 14) dialog: What?
58) 16) dialog: You think this is inappropriate? For the boat?
59) 4) dialog: Is that it?
59) 6) dialog: It's big. They approach the yacht, which is called The Tweedle Dee. It has on its hull a single arrogant eye that looks haughtily at Joe.  On the dock by the yacht are the four steamer trunks.  Sitting on a piling, staring balefully at the trunks is a magnificent, athletic, truly feminine, blonde, blue-eyed woman in her late twenties.  This is PATRICIA.  On The Tweedle Dee two boat boys, MIKE and TONY, ready the yacht for departure; they are young and shining and strong.  Joe and Angelica arrive at the slip. Patricia looks just like Dede and Angelica.  Joe does a take.
59) 7) dialog: (to Angelica)
59) 11) dialog: They're my... My name's not Felix, it's Joe.
59) 16) dialog: Why are you calling me Felix? My name's Joe.
59) 22) text: Do you know where Daddy is? PATRICIA (to Joe)
59) 30) dialog: My name is Joseph or Joe. Patricia deflates a bit.
59) 34) dialog: 'Bye.
59) 36) dialog: Listen.  Don't take drugs.
59) 38) dialog: Wish me luck.
59) 41) dialog: Am I?  A little. (looks at the land in the distance behind her)
59) 42) text: Yeah. He runs up the gangway.  Patricia has already boarded the boat.  The boat boys are casting off.  Patricia takes the wheel.  But we are still WITH Angelica on the dock.  She stands there.  Slowly, as the yacht pulls away, she waves. Joe stands at the railing, the sails still furled behind him.  He waves back. Now we are WITH Joe on the yacht, at the railing.  He waves a little, and then his eyes rove the shore.
59) 46) dialog: Staring, moved, determined.  His clothes are a bit much, but he almost fills them in this moment.  A wind comes up and sweeps his safari hat off his head, into the ocean. He flinches slightly at the loss.
59) 48) dialog: And after a glance, he gives up the hat without regret. He continues to look after the receding land.  Without the hat he looks great.  His hair blows in the wind and he stares and stares.
62) 0) text: Which is shaded by a canopy.  At the table sit Joe and Patricia.  On the table are place settings, white wine, and glasses.  Tony serves their plates and goes.
62) 1) dialog: Looks delicious.
62) 5) dialog: The Tweedle Dee?
62) 7) dialog: Oh.
62) 11) dialog: I guess so.
62) 13) dialog: You don't know?
62) 15) dialog: Have you ever been there?
62) 17) dialog: They like orange soda.
62) 22) dialog: Why'd you talk to me so snotty back on the dock?
62) 24) dialog: Why you angry with him?
62) 28) dialog: If you're angry with him, and he's never around, why are you working for him?
62) 30) dialog: You do favors for people you're mad at?
62) 32) dialog: Alright.
62) 36) dialog: Wow.
65) 0) text: Patricia is showing Joe his berth.  The whole interior of the boat is made of beautiful wood.
65) 2) dialog: Sure.
65) 4) dialog: Great.
65) 8) dialog: That's okay. She finished, but again she lingers, awkward.  Finally, she blurts out.
65) 10) dialog: No.
65) 12) dialog: No, I didn't.
65) 15) dialog: Sure.
65) 18) dialog: Yeah.
65) 20) dialog: Okay.
65) 25) dialog: I'm glad you believe me.
65) 27) dialog: No.
65) 31) dialog: Good night. She departs through the entrance way.  The light goes out, and it's dark and quiet.
66) 0) text: It's a really beautiful sunny day.  Tony is at the wheel, the sails are full and, sitting in two chairs hard by the stern are Joe and Patricia.  They both are holding deep sea fishing rods; they're trolling. MUSIC. "The Girl From Ipanema," the famous recording by Getz and Gilberto, is playing now. Patricia reels in her line.  A beautiful fish is flapping on the end of it.  Joe reels in his line.  Nothing.  He watches as Patricia unhooks her catch and tosses it in a hamper.  Dagmar appears, looks in the hamper, and nods approvingly.  Then she looks at Joe.  Where's Joe's fish? Then he walks away again.  Joe casts again, while Patricia rebates her hook.  Then Patricia casts again. Mike arrives with a beer for Patricia, who accepts it. Mike leaves.  Patricia gets another strike, asks Joe to hold her beer, which he does.  She reels in another beautiful fish.  She unhooks it and throws it in the hamper.  Dagmar appears, looks in the hamper, nods approvingly, and then looks at Joe.  Where's Joe's fish? Joe looks at Dagmar, and then ignores her. Dagmar departs.  Joe goes back to fishing.  Now Joe gets a strike.  It's a big one!  The line goes burning out his reel.  Patricia notices.  She offers to help him.  He waves her off.  Dagmar appears.  She offers some advice. But Joe's completely focused on his rod.  The rod, which is substantial, starts to bend.  Mike comes back to watch.  The rod is almost bent double.  Then it goes madly to the left.  Offers of help are made, but Joe shouts them back.  Then the rod goes madly to the right. Dagmar runs OUT OF VIEW, and reappears with an enormous gaff, which she brandishes excitedly.  A sudden powerful tug almost pulls Joe off the back of the boat, but Mike grabs him just in time.  Joe is a man possessed.  He reels and pulls with superhuman determination.  Without warning, a huge head, the head of a hammerhead shark, appears at the stern.  Its eyes turn inboard and look at Joe.  Everybody drops everything and runs away. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 4/14/89
67) 0) text: The sun has just sunk beneath the horizon's rim so there's still all that sun setting light in the sky.  The first evening star has appeared.  Joe and Patricia are the last left at the dinner's end.  The bones of the fish Patricia caught earlier are on a platter at the table's center. Mike appears and removes the platter and a couple of stray plates, and disappears into the galley.  There are balloon glasses by Joe and Patricia's places and, by Patricia, a bottle of cognac.
67) 2) dialog: Cognac?
67) 4) dialog: I guess so.
67) 10) dialog: To the tongue. They drink a little.
67) 11) dialog: It's good.  Don't the Italians have big noses, too?
69) 0) text: Joe and Patricia have been talking and sipping cognac for an hour and a half.  Patricia is quite mellow, as is Joe.
69) 2) dialog: That's right.
69) 5) dialog: For the rest of my life.
69) 10) dialog: Yeah.
69) 12) dialog: I couldn't have imagined any of this. He looks at the stars.
69) 13) dialog: Are you used to this?
69) 15) dialog: The ocean, the stars.
69) 17) dialog: Where would you go
69) 19) dialog: Do you believe in God?
69) 21) dialog: What's that mean?
69) 23) dialog: I've done a lot of soul searching lately.  I've been asking myself some tough questions.  You know what I've found out?
69) 28) dialog: I have no interest in myself. I think about myself, I get bored out of my mind.
69) 30) dialog: I don't know.  Courage. Courage interests me.
69) 32) dialog: Well, up till now I've lived on a tiny island called Staten Island, and I've commuted to a job in a shut up room with pumped in air, no sunshine, despicable people, and now that I've got some distance from that situation, that seems pretty unbelievable. Your life seems unbelievable to me.  All this like life, seems unbelievable to me. Somewhat.  At this moment.
69) 34) dialog: I have less than six months to live.  The Waponis believe they need a human sacrifice or their island's going to sink into the ocean.  They have a mineral your father wants. He's hired me to jump in their volcano.
69) 38) dialog: You're not going to make me say that again, are you?
69) 40) dialog: Aren't you going to say anything?
69) 42) dialog: I can understand that
69) 44) dialog: No. She gets up.  As she leaves she says:
70) 0) text: Joe enters, undresses to his new underwear, and climbs into the berth.  Then he remembers the light, gets up, turns it off, and climbs back into his berth.  It's dark. We see his face.  He thinks for a moment, and then goes to sleep.  And he has a dream.
70) 2) dialog: So I fell asleep and I had this dream.  I dreamed I was a cowboy in the wilderness.  I dreamed I was a cowboy and I saved this girl...
71) 0) text: It's the morning, though you can't see that in here. The boat is rocking Joe around in his berth.  He looks around, bewildered.  He realizes he was dreaming.  Then he realizes the boat is rocking a lot.  He starts to get up.
72) 0) text: Patricia is trying to get the weather on the RADIO, but there's nothing but STATIC.  She puts on a set of headphones and adjusts the dial again; the radio is silent now, only she can hear it.  Joe comes into the galley, his hair still rumpled from sleeping on it
72) 1) dialog: Little weird today, huh? Patricia waves for him to be quiet.  She listens at the phones another moment, adjusting the dial.  She hears something.  She's glad.  She listens.  Her face darkens. She tears off the phones angrily. Dagmar appears in the hatchway.  She greets Joe.
72) 3) dialog: Good morning.
73) 0) text: The ocean which until now has been blue, turns green. Mike is tying up the sails, which have all been taken in. Patricia comes up and starts to assist him.  A wind comes up.  Patricia looks in the direction of the wind.  Joe appears on the forward deck, near Patricia.
73) 1) dialog: Can I help?
73) 3) dialog: Yes.  It does.
73) 7) dialog: There isn't any wind.
73) 9) dialog: Are you worried? Patricia looks in the direction the wind is coming from.
73) 15) dialog: What exactly is a typhoon?
76) 0) text: In the storm.  Patricia is trying to send a distress signal on the radio.  Joe watches.  Dagmar is absent.
76) 2) dialog: What should I do?
77) 0) text: In the storm.  Dagmar has just finished lifting the floorboards and she's checking the gauges on the engine with a flashlight.  Joe approaches.
77) 1) dialog: Everything okay?
77) 3) dialog: Okay. Joe departs.  A little water drips down on Dagmar.  She looks up.
79) 0) text: In the storm.  Patricia is still trying to get through on the radio. Joe looks out the cabin window and sees a fish swimming. He is uneasy, but says nothing.
79) 3) dialog: She's fine.
79) 10) dialog: What are you doing?
80) 0) text: In severe distress in the storm.  Patricia and Joe crawl along the deck, battered by the raging typhoon. Patricia looks up.
83) 0) text: In the storm.  With Joe's help, she starts to secure the boom, but a sudden roll of the boat throws them back, pinning them against a cabin wall.
83) 1) text: Joe and Patricia pinned against the wall.  The rain pouring over their faces.  They are close, looking at each other, panting, illuminated by lightning.  They lunge toward each other, careless of danger, and passionately kiss.  The kiss ends.  They look at each other.  The boat rolls the other way, breaking the spell. They are thrown toward the boom again.
83) 5) dialog: in the raging sea looking for Patricia in the storm.  He dives under the water once, twice, but he doesn't find her.  He looks around desperate.  He sees something.
83) 7) dialog: Swims and dives.  He pulls her up, so her head's above the surface of the water.  She's unconscious and battered.  A flash of lightning catches Joe's attention. He looks.
84) 1) dialog: Joe's stunned face illuminated by the great flash.  He is holding the unconscious Patricia.
84) 3) dialog: getting tired, holds Patricia's head above water.  He accidentally swallows a gulletful of seawater, chokes, splutters, and recovers himself.  But he's panting.  How long can he hold on?  But then he sees something! JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 3/23/89
84) 5) dialog: towing Patricia, starts swimming for the trunk.
84) 6) text: Joe reaches the trunk.  He grabs on to it gratefully, recovers his breath, and then hoists Patricia as high up on it as he can.  He takes the nylon rope and lashes her to the trunk.  Then he gets a good grip on the trunk himself, and braces against the storm.
84) 8) dialog: Patricia?  Patricia? But she's out cold.  He looks around.  He sees something.
84) 10) dialog: lights up upon seeing his trunks.  He tentatively moves a little away from Patricia on her trunk and, satisfied that she's not going to go under, he swims off.
84) 11) text: Joe arriving at one of the other trunks, grabs it by the handle and starts towing it back towards Patricia's trunk.
84) 12) text: Joe arriving at Patricia's trunk with the second.  He lets it go and swims back for another. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 4/14/89
84) 13) text: Joe towing the fourth trunk into proximity with the others.  He takes out his Swiss Army knife and cuts some rope from Patricia's truss.  He uses it to tie two of the trunks together.
85) 0) text: Under the stars, Joe and Patricia, he asleep and she unconscious, lie unknowing under an enormous canopy of stars.  The universe is great and they are small.
86) 0) text: The little raft in bright, fresh sunlight.  Joe stirs and wakes.  He tries to wake Patricia, but to no avail.  He looks in all directions.  Nothing but blue horizon. After a moment's thought, he opens one of the trunks. But it's the wrong one.  He secures it and opens another. He takes out a violin case and opens it; it's a bar masquerading as a violin case, the one he bought at Hammacher Schlemmer.  It contains two bottles of Moet champagne, two champagne glasses and two bottles of Pellegrino water.  Joe takes out one of the bottles of water and closes the case.  Then he gets his little world-band radio out of the trunk and sets it down.  He opens the Pellegrino water and starts to drink.  But then he thinks.  He looks at Patricia.  Her lips are a little parched.  He looks up at the sun.
86) 2) dialog: looks again at the bottle of water.  He decides not to drink any.  He pours a little into the bottle cap, and presses the cap to Patricia's lips.  He repeats the process and then, satisfied, screws the cap on the bottle again and puts it away in the case.  Then he puts the case back in the trunk and fastens the lid.  He turns ON the RADIO.  STATIC.  Turns the dial.  The VOICE of a GERMAN ANNOUNCER speaks confidentially.  Joe turns the dial.  A JAPANESE ANNOUNCER's VOICE solemnly intones a short statement in Japanese ending with "Elton John." Joe immediately switches the station.  The song "Goodbye Cruel World" begins to play.  Joe sits listening for what seems a long time.
87) 0) text: Joe is discovered with his ukulele, looking at the sky. He is staring at the millions of stars overhead.  He is full of wonder.  He is singing.  He is singing "The Cowboy Song."
87) 1) dialog: Ee he o he-o cowboy Ee he o he-o oooo Ee he o he-o cowboy, cowboy, cowboy Under the moon I was riding my horse By the Rio Grand-ee And all the coyotes singin' In a prairie symphony I was ridin' my horse Down by the Rio Grand-ee When I seen me a cowboy, cowboy, cowboy Ridin' towards me Ee he o he-o cowboy Ee he o he-o oooo Ee he o he-o cowboy, cowboy, cowboy Under the moon He was twirling his guns And he had a guitar And we sang us up a sweet old song about love Under the stars (MORE)
87) 4) dialog: Ee he o he-o cowboy Ee he o he-o oooo Ee he o he-o cowboy, cowboy, cowboy Under the moon Giddyup
88) 0) text: Joe is chipping golf balls on his Hammacher Schlemmer practice green.  Occasionally making a shot, occasionally hitting one into the water.  One of the golf balls gets tossed back onto the raft.  Joe looks.  There is a mischievous DOLPHIN who LAUGHS and then submerges.
88) 1) dialog: Thank you.
89) 0) text: Radio is off.  Joe is trying out his aquatic shoes.  Just trying his first tentative steps, he accidentally punctures one of his shoes so it deflates.  He topples over to one side.  He swims back to the raft, abandoning his shoes.  He turns the RADIO ON, but it's only giving out a little STATIC now.  He checks on Patricia, but gets no response.  He tries to get something on the radio, but the batteries are too weak now.  He turns it OFF.  He notices he's sweating.  He shifts, knocking the radio in the ocean.  Irritated, he looks up.
89) 3) dialog: looks at the sun with concern.  He gets out the violin case.  He gets the water out and fills the cap and ministers to Patricia.  His lips are parched, but he takes none for himself.  He takes off his now well- seasoned safari jacket and puts it over Patricia, to protect her from the sun.  We hear a sound, like the HISS of something being SEARED in a SKILLET.
90) 0) text: Again, the sky is ablaze with stars.  They're even brighter than previously.  Joe is looking at them.  He's shaking.  He's got a fever.  He closes his eyes and then opens them again.  He looks at the stars again.  And shakes his head in disbelief.
90) 2) dialog: shakes his head, bewildered and amazed.  He blinks and looks again.
90) 4) dialog: looks and looks.  But no, they are gone.  It's just a starry night.  He relaxes, closes his eyes, and quakes with fever.
91) 0) text: Joe, very ill with fever, checks the water supply. There's a little less than half a bottle of water left. His lips are deeply cracked.  But still he takes no water for himself.  He looks up at the sun.  The sound of SIZZLING. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 4/14/89
91) 2) dialog: pours a capful of water and gives it to Patricia.  She is still unconscious, but she looks pretty good.  It's Joe that's really going down the tubes.
92) 0) text: We come in on Joe's face.  Joe quakes with fever.  Then he sees something.  Joe is entranced by what he sees.
92) 3) dialog: stares.  He's half mad with fever.  What is he seeing?
92) 6) dialog: is frightened, moved.  His eyes fill with tears.
92) 11) dialog: wonders if he really saw the astrological signs.
93) 0) text: Another scorching day under the sun.  Joe looks very bad. He's got a fever.  He's slowly dying of thirst.  He gets out the bottle, gives a capful to the still unconscious Patricia, and then looks at the water level.  There's a quarter of a bottle left.  He puts the bottle away.  He crawls to the raft's edge and plunges his head in the sea.  A dolphin sticks his head out of the water and looks at Joe.  Joe lifts his head out of the water and finds himself looking at a dolphin who is looking at him. Man and fish are just a few feet apart.  They regard each other.
93) 1) dialog: Hello.  My name is Joe. The DOLPHIN makes SOUNDS.  It could be talking.
93) 2) dialog: I'm dying.  Ahead of schedule. The Dolphin disappears back beneath the water.  Joe lowers his head and lies still.
94) 0) text: Again, it is a great starry night.  Joe, weak and sick and bleary-eyed, looks up at the stars.  He closes his eyes.  He opens them again.  Again, he is astonished.
94) 2) dialog: rouses himself, crawling to his knees to look.  He stares in utter wonder. The signs begin to rotate again. MUSIC. Earlier, in L.A. Joe stared at the horizon, just before dawn, and big, magical music began to play.  But then it stopped prematurely.  That MUSIC begins to play now, but this time it does not stop.  It's the big, dramatic pas de deux music from "The Nutcracker."
94) 10) dialog: Dear God, whose name I do not know, thank you for my life. I forgot how big... Thank you for my life Joe slowly crumbles, physically crumbles from thirst and fever and exhaustion.  His eyes dim. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 3/23/89
94) 15) dialog: That's for you.
94) 17) dialog: I don't know.  Days.  You woke up.
94) 19) dialog: Good. She gives some more water over his weak resistance.  The bottle has one more sip in it.
94) 21) dialog: No.  You need it.
94) 23) dialog: It's good to hear you talking.
94) 27) dialog: I'll never make it.
95) 4) dialog: Struck by lightning.
95) 6) dialog: Everything went under.
95) 8) dialog: Except my trunks. He takes a look at the island.
95) 9) dialog: So that's Waponi Woo.
96) 0) text: Joe and Patricia hear the cries and look at each other.
96) 1) dialog: What's that?
97) 0) text: Outrigger canoes lay along the shore.  The EXCITED CRIES of running NATIVES are heard approaching.  And now we see them.  It's the Waponis!  They are a motley lot, used to the good life.  They sport big orange dots on their fore heads.  They carry fruit, garlands of flowers, and cans of Jump.  They leap into their canoes and head out toward the raft.  Their eyes are enhanced with liner. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 3/23/89
98) 0) text: as the canoes reach it.  The leader of the welcoming group, BAW, calls out to Joe in a formal way.
98) 4) dialog: Yeah.
98) 8) dialog: Yeah.
98) 10) text: Pelica beeble bum bum! The welcoming group goes crazy, showering the little raft with a thousand flowers.  Joe and Patricia exchange a look through the shower of flowers.
99) 0) text: as the canoes arrive.  Upon reaching the shore, Joe and Patricia are hoisted onto the shoulders of the natives and carried inland.  Then we see other natives hoisting the trunks onto their shoulders and following. Everybody's singing.
100) 0) text: Two guys hoisting an enormous spool of homemade red carpet on a wooden yoke lead the way into the jungle providing the "Red Carpet Treatment." JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 4/14/89
101) 0) text: The red carpet unrollers run through a stretch of Jungle. Through a thin veil of greenery we see unrollers pass by us on a jungle path.  After a second they are followed by Joe and Patricia and the full happy entourage.
102) 0) text: Exhausted, our carpet men, their spindle all but spent, stumble into the village's center.  Their carpet reaches its tail.  They drop to the ground, gasping and proud. The welcoming group arrives with Patricia and Joe and the whole village turns out and goes nuts.  Some of them carry ducks.
102) 3) dialog: What is that?  A teddy bear?
102) 5) dialog: I hope you don't lose it.
102) 7) dialog: This is Patricia Graynamore. I'm Joe Banks.  You speak English.
102) 10) dialog: looks away from the volcano.  He looks into the eyes of the chief.
102) 11) dialog: Yes.
102) 13) dialog: Well.  I'm here now.
102) 21) dialog: Okay.
102) 25) dialog: Patricia!  Is she gonna be Alright? The Chief nods wearily.
102) 27) text: Oliva!  Oliva! The native men leap up with a shout, seize Joe, and carry him off.  Other native men follow, carrying the trunks. The Chief, weary, heads back inside his hut.
103) 0) text: which has been set up to clean Joe.  What can only be described as a giant bassinet made out of beautiful, soft greenery has been set up in the clearing, along with many coconut bowls.  Into this a violently protesting Joe, stark naked, is being pressed by the laughing native men. They dump many bowls of water over him while he desperately tries to hide his genitals, first with his hands, and then by turning face down in the bassinet. Then the men take mounds of fresh fruit that has been cut up and rub it into Joe's flesh.  Then six of the native men produce big shining fish.
104) 0) text: One of the natives holds forward a tray covered with a thin blue material.  Joe looks at it with interest.  The native gently, physically closes Joe's eyes, then blows the contents of the tray, a thin, bright blue powder directly into Joe's face.  Joe opens his eyes, a wiser man.  They lick the powder off his face.
105) 0) text: They are dousing Joe with water again, only he's sitting up now, eating a piece of fruit.  Emo, the lookout, offers him a Jump, but Joe shakes his head.  Emo looks amazed and comments to the others in a low voice, in another language.  Their reply to Emo's comment is a low Whoa!; they are incredulous.  Then they go back to dousing Joe.  He likes this treatment by now.  Then a look of concern passes over his face and he looks down.
105) 3) dialog: Hey, stop that! The two natives look at him blankly, and go back to what they're doing.  Joe accepts it.  Another native is massaging his scalp, adding a little oil to Joe's hair. The native combs the hair with his fingers.  Joe's starting to look like his old self.  Something on the edge of the clearing catches his eye.
105) 5) dialog: looking at the trunks, gets an idea.
106) 0) text: Patricia is near the end of a make-over by the native women.  They are adorning her freshly-washed hair with beautiful flowers, and wrapping her sparkling body in a pretty sarong. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 8/25/89
111) 0) text: Two natives swing on grass ropes, from the TOP of the FRAME.  They pass each other on their way to the gongs which hang at either end of the frame.  They slam into the gongs and then fall into two little broken piles. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev . 8/25/89
115) 4) dialog: No. I made a deal and I'll stick by it. The Chief nods sadly.  Joe sits down in the third chair.
115) 5) dialog: How do you like my tux?
115) 9) dialog: I thought I might as well go out in style.
115) 11) dialog: Yeah. Joe and Patricia have been talking across the Chief,  who sits between them.  Now a groaning native, holding his jaw, comes forward and, after prostrating himself, speaks excitedly to the Chief, addressing him as Tobi, and continuing in another language.  The Chief listens and then waves him away.  The groaning native departs.
115) 14) dialog: What did he want you to do about it?
115) 22) dialog: I have no people of my own, Chief. I'm my only hope for a hero. The BIG WOO THUNDERS AGAIN -  they all look. The feast grows quiet and somber.
115) 30) dialog: Take me to the volcano. Natives cheer.  They form an aisle again, leading off in the direction of the Big Woo.  Flaming torches dot the aisle.  The natives start the same call and response they had going when Joe's raft was first sighted.  Emo calls and the natives respond.  This call and response continues through all the following.  Joe walks off, down the aisle.  The Chief follows him.  Before Patricia can follow the Chief, the crowd closes in, following Joe up the mountain.  Patricia tries to reach Joe.
117) 0) text: A head torch man leads the way up the mountain path.  He carries a heavy, lit torch that he swings from side to side with a ritual motion.  With each swing he lights another permanent tiki sconce along the path's upward progress.  He is followed by Joe, dapper and alone.  Joe in turn is followed by the Chief, who walks with a ritual movement, not unlike the bent-kneed gait of a Sumo wrestler, leaning first on one leg then on the other.  He is assisted in this gyration by two lackeys, one to his left, one to his right, who catch him as he leans to his most extreme angle and gently shoves him back the other way.  Behind the Chief, comes the general native population all of whom carry torches.
119) 0) text: Patricia struggles.  She's slowly struggling up the length of the column. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 6/2/89
120) 1) dialog: Is there any ceremony or anything?
120) 4) dialog: You love me?
120) 6) dialog: I've got to do it.
120) 10) dialog: 'Cause I've wasted my whole life.  And now I'm going to die.  I've got a chance to die like a man and I'm going to take it!  I've got to take it!
120) 12) dialog: I love you, too.  I've never loved anybody, either.  It's great. I'm glad.  But the timing stinks. Joe kisses her, waves to the Chief, and starts to walk up the little path.  The natives are silent, staring.  The Chief is sad.  Patricia is rooted, staring after him, stricken.  When Joe has just about reached the summit, Patricia wakes from her trance, and bolts up the little path after him.
121) 0) text: Throughout the following, occasionally we CUT TO a carved wooden figure of an alarmed but committed little man, who is under the platform holding it up.  Of course, he's actually an inanimate strut, but as his little knees quake ever more violently under the platform's oppressive weight, we fear for the moment when he and therefore the platform on which Joe and Patricia stand will give way and fall into the volcano.
121) 3) dialog: Get out of here!  Go back down!
121) 5) dialog: Please let me do what I've got to do!
121) 9) dialog: What!
121) 12) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
121) 17) dialog: I'm jumping into a volcano!
121) 22) dialog: I don't want to get married!
121) 24) dialog: (to the Chief)
121) 27) dialog: You're welcome!
121) 29) dialog: Yes!
121) 38) dialog: I want you to listen Patricia, because these are my last words.  I gotta be brave. I gotta jump in. He braces to jump.  She lifts her hands.  She hesitates. Courage floods her soul.  She completes the gesture for the first time.
121) 40) dialog: Oh no you're not'
121) 42) dialog: I'll knock you out!  I'll throw you down!
121) 44) dialog: Why do you love me?
121) 46) dialog: Did I ever tell you that the first time I saw you, I felt like I'd seen you before?
121) 49) dialog: Whoa!  Whoa!
121) 50) dialog: This is it! They look at each other.  They jump in. A SLOW-MO stylized leap.  Right after they jump in, the platform slides into the volcano.
121) 56) text: For me, this is the end. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 5/16/89
121) 58) dialog: What happened?
121) 60) dialog: Well, I did it.  I did it.  I did my job.  I jumped into the volcano.  We jumped into the volcano.
123) 0) text: The island is sinking.  The Waponis are fleeing. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 4/14/89
123) 2) dialog: So the Waponis were right.
123) 6) dialog: They said if there wasn't a sacrifice, their island would sink.  And it did. Joe and Patricia exchange looks.  Then Patricia looks past Joe, seeing something.
124) 2) dialog: A boat!
124) 4) text: Ahoy!  Ahoy! (to Joe)
124) 5) text: Come on! They start to swim. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 5/16/89
125) 0) text: Picking up Joe and Patricia.  Patricia's crew is on board, that is Dagmar and the boat boys.
126) 0) text: Graynamore is watching the island sink through a telescope.  Meanwhile, two boat boys wrap Patricia and Joe in blankets.  Graynamore, oddly calm and detached, given the circumstances, looks away from the eyepiece of the telescope.  He says to no one in particular.
126) 4) dialog: So what?  My number's about up one way or the other.
126) 14) dialog: Dr. Ellison.
126) 18) dialog: Kenneth Hindmick.
126) 20) dialog: Not Dr. Ellison.
126) 23) dialog: His name is Kenneth Hindmick.
126) 29) dialog: I don't have a brain cloud?
126) 31) dialog: You know, I'm gonna beat you up!
126) 44) dialog: You've forgotten one thing.
126) 46) dialog: I've looked into the volcano, Mr. Graynamore.  You know what I mean?  After that, the hole in the front of a gun doesn't scare me at all.
126) 48) dialog: I'm gonna take the gun away from you, Kenneth.
126) 50) dialog: I don't know.  That's your part.  I can't make you shoot me and I can't stop you.  I can only do my part.  I'm going to take the gun away from you. Joe, after slowly approaching, swiftly takes the gun away from Kenneth.
126) 53) dialog: We'll never know.  Patricia, tell Dad the happy news.
126) 57) dialog: And I was wondering where you thought we should go on, you know, a honeymoon?
126) 61) dialog: I thought we might like to go on a sailing trip.  How's that sound? Graynamore doesn't answer.
126) 63) dialog: Does this thing have like a rubber raft or something?
126) 65) dialog: Let's break it out.  I think your father's tired of this ostentatious life style.
127) 0) text: As Graynamore and company are just finished getting into a dinghy.  Joe and Patricia stand on the deck, Joe still pointing the gun.  Patricia's crew stands by.
127) 2) dialog: Then you'll drown.
127) 4) dialog: You know what I think, Mr. Graynamore?
127) 8) dialog: I think that you don't scare me at all.  Maybe you can do some stuff to me - if you make it back home. If I come back. And maybe you can't.  It remains to be seen.  But what I think, and I say this to you from the bottom of my heart, sir.  I don't fear you at all. I don't fear any man.  Because every day is a gift, and I'm just glad as hell it looks like I may have a few. And beyond that, to be scared or glad of anything beyond that, why a man's just got to be a fool! Joe laughs a laugh, wild and free, a laugh unweighted by fear, a laugh of pure joy.  Patricia goes below.  Only here does the island finally go under completely.
128) 0) text: starts up.  And pulls away from the dinghy.  Joe is still laughing and waving, one hand on the wheel. Patricia comes up from below.  He puts his arm around her.
130) 2) dialog: Yeah, and the Chief.
130) 4) dialog: Away from the things of man! I gotta get away from the things of man for a while.
130) 8) dialog: I'll tell you one thing. Wherever we're goin'.  We're taking this luggage.  Help me fish it out.
130) 10) dialog: Chief!
130) 12) text: Look!  Look, Joe Banks, I still have my soul!
130) 13) dialog: Me, too.  Me, too. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 5/16/89
131) 0) text: The moon hangs in the sky off to the right of the boat. We see, FROM a distance, Joe and Patricia just getting the last trunk on deck. Then Patricia goes below. The ENGINE STARTS up. The boat turns and heads straight for the moon. MUSIC. DUSTY SPRINGFIELD, singing "You Don't Have To Say You Love Me" begins to play. We watch them grow fainter and fainter, a smaller and smaller speck in the eye of the Man in the Moon.  UP CLOSE to us, the DOLPHIN sticks his head out of the water again, makes his NOISE once more, and disappears forever beneath the gentle waves.  One of the craters on the craterous moon shakes and erupts, puffing out a bunch of white smoke which forms the words: "The End."