59) 13) text: Mike!  Tony!  Find a place for these boxes. Mike and Tony jump off the yacht and proceed to load the trunks.
59) 28) dialog: All set. Patricia hops off the piling.
66) 0) text: It's a really beautiful sunny day.  Tony is at the wheel, the sails are full and, sitting in two chairs hard by the stern are Joe and Patricia.  They both are holding deep sea fishing rods; they're trolling. MUSIC. "The Girl From Ipanema," the famous recording by Getz and Gilberto, is playing now. Patricia reels in her line.  A beautiful fish is flapping on the end of it.  Joe reels in his line.  Nothing.  He watches as Patricia unhooks her catch and tosses it in a hamper.  Dagmar appears, looks in the hamper, and nods approvingly.  Then she looks at Joe.  Where's Joe's fish? Then he walks away again.  Joe casts again, while Patricia rebates her hook.  Then Patricia casts again. Mike arrives with a beer for Patricia, who accepts it. Mike leaves.  Patricia gets another strike, asks Joe to hold her beer, which he does.  She reels in another beautiful fish.  She unhooks it and throws it in the hamper.  Dagmar appears, looks in the hamper, nods approvingly, and then looks at Joe.  Where's Joe's fish? Joe looks at Dagmar, and then ignores her. Dagmar departs.  Joe goes back to fishing.  Now Joe gets a strike.  It's a big one!  The line goes burning out his reel.  Patricia notices.  She offers to help him.  He waves her off.  Dagmar appears.  She offers some advice. But Joe's completely focused on his rod.  The rod, which is substantial, starts to bend.  Mike comes back to watch.  The rod is almost bent double.  Then it goes madly to the left.  Offers of help are made, but Joe shouts them back.  Then the rod goes madly to the right. Dagmar runs OUT OF VIEW, and reappears with an enormous gaff, which she brandishes excitedly.  A sudden powerful tug almost pulls Joe off the back of the boat, but Mike grabs him just in time.  Joe is a man possessed.  He reels and pulls with superhuman determination.  Without warning, a huge head, the head of a hammerhead shark, appears at the stern.  Its eyes turn inboard and look at Joe.  Everybody drops everything and runs away. JOE VERSUS THE VOLCANO - Rev. 4/14/89
67) 0) text: The sun has just sunk beneath the horizon's rim so there's still all that sun setting light in the sky.  The first evening star has appeared.  Joe and Patricia are the last left at the dinner's end.  The bones of the fish Patricia caught earlier are on a platter at the table's center. Mike appears and removes the platter and a couple of stray plates, and disappears into the galley.  There are balloon glasses by Joe and Patricia's places and, by Patricia, a bottle of cognac.
73) 0) text: The ocean which until now has been blue, turns green. Mike is tying up the sails, which have all been taken in. Patricia comes up and starts to assist him.  A wind comes up.  Patricia looks in the direction of the wind.  Joe appears on the forward deck, near Patricia.
73) 5) text: Mike, get below!  Start the engine.  Tell Tony to head us into the wind and keep us into the wind!
73) 6) dialog: Okay. Mike runs off to do her bidding.
75) 0) text: In the storm.  Mike and Tony wrestle with the wheel to keep the bow into the wind.  They are pummeled by the rain and wind.
78) 0) text: In the storm.  A huge wave engulfs Mike and Tony.  They disappear within the wall of the water, and then re appear, still hanging onto the wheel.  This happens a second time.  They withstand the onslaught.  Then Mike sees something forward and points it out to Tony.  He leaves Tony at the wheel and starts to crawl forward. Lightning flashes nearby.
79) 7) dialog: The main boom doesn't look secure!
79) 9) dialog: I think it's gonna bust loose. Without another word, Mike goes back out the hatch again. Joe shuts it behind him.  Patricia rips open a cabinet, and pulls out a coil of nylon rope.
81) 0) text: In the storm.  Mike and Tony wrestling with the wheel and being inundated with water.