31) 0) text: Getty, Little Paul, and Big Paul all sit at the breakfast table, attended by BULLIMORE, a butler in a morning coat. Getty eats a half grapefruit. Big Paul seems hung over. Little Paul eats Cheerios as he reads Getty's mail to him
44) 19) dialog: I'm afraid Mr. Getty is traveling at the moment and is unavailable. Gail eyes the dark-suited security guard in the corridor.
44) 21) dialog: Yes ma'am, I do.
44) 23) dialog: I would never turn you away from my home, ma'am. Or little Paul. But... this is not my home. An offscreen bell CHIMES. Bullimore excuses himself and lets aman in. It's Fletcher Chace. Bullimore takes his coat and umbrella and shows him to an adjacent waiting ar Chace leafs through a magazine. From his vantage, we can just spy a pair of STOCKING-CLAD LEGS around the corner. Chace rises, drifts into the front parlor, and pretends t examine a Vermeer still-life.
44) 31) dialog: Mr. Chace. If you'll come with me.
45) 14) dialog: Of course, Ma'am. This way. Bullimore leads Gail around the corner of the entry hall. He shows her to a RED PUBLIC TELEPHONE BOOTH of the kind found on the streets of London.
45) 15) dialog: Mr. Getty had it installed specially for his guests' convenience, in case they wanted to make telephone calls. 33.
45) 17) dialog: I am able to provide change. Bullimore produces a small change dispenser. Gail stares him. She reaches into her purse and gives him a ten-pound note. Bullimore parses out the coins.
45) 18) dialog: I'll leave you in private.
45) 54) dialog: I'm afraid Mr. Getty has already departed the estate. Gail turns. Through the window, we see Getty's limousine driving through the front gates, and away.
45) 55) dialog: He is traveling on business, and it is uncertain when he will return. Gail stares out the window, her back to us, visibly tremb Bullimore brings Chace's coat and hat.
45) 57) dialog: I'll dial a taxicab straight away. Gail is silent. Finally she turns. Her voice is icy:
133) 0) text: In his sun-streamed living room, J Paul Getty watches television as Bullimore hovers nearby.