39) 2) dialog: Signora. We have your son.
39) 4) dialog: Signora, we are kidnappers and have him captive. A long silence.
39) 5) dialog: Are you still there?
39) 7) dialog: No.
39) 9) dialog: No mistake. He is not harmed. We will send proof in the coming days.
39) 11) dialog: I am Cinquanta. Paul is safe, but it will require $17 million to release him. Go to the police if you like, it makes no difference.
39) 13) dialog: Get it from your father-in-law. He has all the money in the world. DIAL TONE. In the distance, we hear a SIREN approaching.
45) 61) dialog: Uno, due -- 37. They reach in and hoist us out of frame.
46) 0) text: The two men carry Paul's body across the sun-bleached, ro landscape out of a Sergio Leone movie. Paul's arms and le have been tied off; his head is inside a burlap sack. They set the boy down beneath a wizened tree. Cinquanta pulls down his ski mask, then removes the burlap sack fro Paul's head. The boy, fearful, avoids looking at them. A severely bow-legged man emerges from the house. This is PICCOLINO, and he is their leader. Piccolino bends down, examines the boy as you would a goat, then smiles. The men embrace in celebration. Laughing, back-slapping. pretty young woman comes out with a tin plate of beans an pasta. Cinquanta orders her to give it to Paul.
46) 1) dialog: This is for you.
46) 3) dialog: A few days. That's all. Your family will give us our money, and you'll go home. Some days, no school, it's fun. A holiday. The boy eats. The food tastes terrible.
46) 6) dialog: Leave him alone. He eats only in the best places, right?
46) 8) dialog: You'll tell us. I want to know all the things the rich eat. I am Cinquanta, this is Piccolino, and this is Tamia, the Chipmunk. Not our real names, eh? 38.
46) 10) dialog: We'll make friends. I'1l tell you things about me, and you tell me things about you.
46) 12) dialog: Smart boy. We talk about you then.
46) 14) dialog: Tell me about your grandfather. Tell me about your mother. Tell me about the money.
54) 0) text: We DESCEND into a cave deep in the Calabrian mountains. A army cot has been set up in here, with wooden boxes for t and chairs. Years of crude graffiti on the walls. Deep inside the cave Cinquanta finds an unlit oil lamp. H takes out a match and lights it -- -- REVEALING a bunk bed set up in here, and Paul is chain to it. Cinquanta reaches into his bag. He brings out a ca of beans and a composition notebook.
54) 1) dialog: Write another letter to your mother. Tell her if she doesn't pay, we'll mail her your finger. Cinquanta sets down a BALLPOINT PEN. The boy takes it. Cinquanta eyes him suspiciously.
54) 2) dialog: Why doesn't your family love you?
54) 4) dialog: What's wrong with you? Are you a bad boy?
54) 6) dialog: Don't lie. What did you do?
54) 8) dialog: Boys play with fire. I did. If my son was kidnapped, bad, good, I would pay any money to get him back.
54) 10) dialog: I would get the money. I would borrow it. Steal. OK, I steal anyway, but I would steal more.
54) 12) dialog: Once. For a few weeks, that's all. My wife put him to sleep in the crib. In the morning the baby was cold. No life. The doctor gave no reason. No answer. Nothing. Cinquanta suddenly seems angry.
54) 13) dialog: Americans! I don't understand you. For us, family is everything. We are obbligo. I was born into my family, and that decides my whole life. My whole life.
54) 15) dialog: When we get the money, we'll run away from them. To America, eh? Cinquanta gazes out of the cave at a patch of blue sky.
54) 16) dialog: A Corvette. That's a nice car. Just drive away. He snaps out of it. He hits the boy on the back of the he
54) 17) dialog: Cazzo! What are you doing? Write. Convince her to pay us our money or Mother of God I'll kill you myself. Cinquanta takes the notebook and exits, leaving the pen a matches. Paul slips them into the sleeve of his shirt.
63) 0) text: Paul is tethered to a rock by a rope around his neck as g graze around him. He watches the little house: inside, Piccolo, Cinquanta and Chipmunk are arguing. Paul leans over and pulls at the tether. Desperate, he be to chew on it. The men's voices grow ever louder. 59. Then they fall silent. The front door of the house opens and three men walk out -- Cinquanta and Chipmunk in the l with the bow-legged Piccolino falling behind.
72) 0) text: The cargo door rolls open, revealing pallets of counterfe goods. Paul Getty is in back, guarded by two of Mammoliti men. Cinquanta is here as well.
72) 6) dialog: It was part of our deal. I help with the kid. I look after him.
72) 8) dialog: The mother and I. Gail Getty. We have a dialogue. I can help you get the money.
72) 12) dialog: Always. He's a good boy.
72) 14) dialog: Yes. I understand your meaning.
77) 1) dialog: Signora.
77) 3) dialog: He is still in good health. I am with him, don't worry. In the BG, Chace turns the reel-to-reel tape recorder on. 70.
78) 1) dialog: I'm afraid this I cannot do. I am not in charge anymore.
79) 2) dialog: The boy is worth much more. They're not stupid.
79) 6) dialog: You arrogant bastard.
80) 1) dialog: Seven million dollars. DIAL TONE. Gail is left holding the receiver. The numbers have just moved.
87) 0) text: A BUTCHER cuts flesh from a lamb's flank with a cleaver, wraps it in wax paper, and hands it to Sgro and Cinquanta
89) 1) dialog: I brought you something to warm you, Paolo. Something special for being a good boy. He sets down the plate. Two steaks, running with blood.
89) 3) dialog: What do you want that for? I brought you this good tagliata. Come on, we eat it together. Paul takes a bite. It's hard to swallow.
89) 5) dialog: Look at me, Paul. You must eat it all, no matter how long it takes. Make sure you keep it down.
89) 7) dialog: Do as he says. The Doctor examines Paul's ears. He shaves the hair aroun the ear with a straight razor, then swabs it with alcohol
89) 8) dialog: Eat now. Keep eating. Ask me no questions, Paolo. You have to trust me. It's important. He offers a bite to the boy, as you would to a child.
89) 10) dialog: If I could, I'd take your place. Cinquanta turns and walks outside, leaving Paul alone. Pa spits out the morsel. He takes out the Bic pen and the bo of matches hidden inside the waistband of his pants. QUICK CUTS: Paul uses the steak knife to scrape the phosphorous off the match heads. He removes the ink tube from the pen and packs it with the phosphorous. He goes to work on the shackle that chains him to the bar floor, attacking the floorboards with the knife. He hears the VOICES of the men. He looks through a crack the wall. They're drinking and singing outside the farmho He pulls on the chain again, leaning into it. Finally it gives. He falls, the chain CLATTERING across the floor. THROUGH THE CRACK IN THE WALL: the men fall silent, then resume their carousing. Paul picks up the pen tube and ra it to his lips like a peashooter. He lights a match -- -- and the phosphorous packed inside CATCHES FIRE. It spa brilliantly, like a Roman candle. He aims it through the crack in the wall, then BLOWS --
100) 0) text: The fire in the fields has burned itself out; ASHES dance the air like snowflakes. Paul rides in the backseat with Mammoliti. Cinquanta rides up front with Sgro.
100) 2) dialog: Don't blame the kid. You'd have done the same if you could have thought of it. Mammoliti gazes out the rear window.
109) 0) text: A WOODEN STUMP is placed before us. It is dark with dried blood. The doctor's instruments are laid out upon it. Through the barn door we see Cinquanta pleading with Mamm through the Mercedes' rear window. The Mercedes drives aw Cinquanta enters. He offers Paul a bottle of cheap brandy
109) 1) dialog: Drink. Fast as you can swallow.
109) 4) dialog: That's right. You'll be home soon.
109) 6) dialog: Look into my eyes, Paolo, always. No matter what happens. Don't look at anything else but me.
109) 8) dialog: (to the Doctor) Un taglio, rapidamente. (MORE )
109) 10) dialog: (to Paul) Soon it's over.
109) 13) dialog: At me! Look at me, Paul! My eyes! Paul's eyes are locked with Cinquanta's: they implore and accuse him. There is no blood; the ear is like rubber.
109) 14) dialog: Maria santissima! The doctor struggles with the knife. Then, all at once, t blood comes, spilling down the boy's face.
109) 15) dialog: Paul -- ! Finally the ear comes free. They release Paul and he collapses, his blood spilling out across the floor, and w BLACK OUT.
118) 1) dialog: Paul is dying. He's lost so much blood.
119) 1) dialog: They wanted to take the foot and I convinced them to take the ear. But the foot is coming next. I hear them talking. I beg you, get the money.
119) 3) dialog: (laughs) The police?
119) 5) dialog: You don't understand. I can never talk to the police. It's onore. It's forbidden. Even if this was my own child.
119) 7) dialog: What about you, Signora? I've risked my throat for your son. What have you given for him? Don't tell me you don't have the money. What have you done?
120) 0) text: Cinquanta holds the dead receiver. As he searches the coi slot for change, he sees a man in the square watching him He hangs up, walks out of the phone booth, and steals awa
128) 12) dialog: Meno male. It's almost over.
128) 14) dialog: He's not so good, but we can keep him alive a few days, long enough to make the exchange.
128) 16) dialog: All of what?
129) 1) dialog: The number is four.
129) 3) dialog: One is one quarter of the ransom. For this they'll send one-quarter of your son. Tell me, which quarter do you want? Cinquanta pounds on the phone with his fist in frustratio
129) 4) dialog: You greedy animali. You're the worst criminals of all.
129) 6) dialog: I did, yes. (a beat) Listen to me. I'm out now. I don't have any money to make from this anymore. But I don't want Paul to die. You have to go back and get Getty to pay --
129) 8) dialog: I'm begging you, Signora.
129) 10) dialog: I don't want it to end like this. They expect the money in 48 hours. They won't believe you when you say you don't have it. If they don't get every lira they'll kill him.
129) 12) dialog: You think you're the only one. Cinquanta hangs up the phone and vanishes into the dark. 101.
140) 1) dialog: The money must be in used lira notes, small denomination only, no marking. A PHOTOCOPIER flashes as each note is photographed. The money is a 201-pound mountain. It is packed into three hu canvas MAIL BAGS and loaded onto a rolling pallet.
141) 1) dialog: Because of the fuel crisis rationing measures, no cars will be allowed on the roads on Sunday. Chace fills up a 10-liter can of gasoline at a gas statio He counts out a stack of lira notes for the owner.
141) 2) dialog: This way the autostrada will be empty. They will know if Gail is followed. 108.
142) 1) dialog: Signora Getty only.
143) 2) dialog: That's your problem.
144) 1) dialog: Driving a Fiat 123 with two suitcases tied to the roof, exit the autostrada toll gate at 9AM and drive south at exactly 80 kilometers an hour. Their car slowly makes its way on the vast, empty autostr
144) 2) dialog: Don't stop for food, gas, toilet, nothing. Remember they are watching. 109. As they drive they glimpse isolated FIGURES standing at t edge of the highway: SENTRIES posted by the N'dragheta.
144) 3) dialog: A handful of gravel will strike your windshield. This will be their sign. They enter the mountains; a FOG shrouds everything.
144) 4) dialog: Obey these rules or they will take his other ear, his eyes, a hand. A FISTFUL OF GRAVEL peppers their windshield. Chace crane his neck to see who threw it and glimpses a figure by the roadside darting back into the trees. Gail pulls over. The highway is empty. It's unclear what they should do next. Then Gail sees him:
147) 0) text: Paul Getty rides in back, along with Cinquanta and Sgro. is dressed in brand-new clothes. Cinquanta brushes him of
147) 1) dialog: That's better. You can't go home to your mother looking like a sciattone.
148) 0) text: The truck's rear doors open next to a concrete drain pipe As Cinquanta helps Paul out of the truck he whispers:
148) 1) dialog: Bona fortuna, Paolo.
149) 1) dialog: Three kilometers down the autostrada is a drain pipe. Paul waits there for you. Get him out of Italy as fast as you can, I beg you.
151) 0) text: The money is stacked, bundled, zipped into the mailbags, loaded onto a truck. Saverio Mammoliti hands out envelope of cash to each of his employees, including Cinquanta.
151) 1) dialog: Grazie, Signore. In the distance, we hear DOGS BARKING. Mammoliti stops:
155) 17) dialog: What are you looking at? Go. Chace drops his stone, turns, and sees Gail in the alley: she's witnessed everything. She grabs Paul by the arm and hurries him to their car. Chace starts the Fiat -- -- and they drive away, out of the village. Already, the Carabineri are apprehending the N'dragheta. A Carabineri sees Chace's car coming and calls out: