44) 0) text: -- and onto the arm of a SHEIKH. The sheikh wears a Patek Phillipe and sunglasses, as do the others lounging on pil One man stands out from the rest: an American in a wrinkl khaki suit. God knows how he got here, but FLETCHER CHACE grins like a man who holds all the cards or is bluffing f all he's worth.
47) 0) text: Fletcher Chace sits in an aisle seat, studying his files Gail and Little Paul. The STEWARDESS cracks open a tiny airplane bottle of Campari for him and pours it into a gl
56) 22) text: Fletcher Chace walks with a newspaper folded beneath his arm. He passes a streetlight with an "X" marked in chalk. 50. Parked twenty paces from the streetlight is a white plumb van. Chace knocks on the rear door twice, and waits.
76) 0) text: The boarding gate door opens and Fletcher Chace emerges wearing a suit, sunglasses and a repentant look. Then he sees something that stops him cold:
111) 0) text: Fletcher Chace is in Gail's kitchen, foraging through her refrigerator for sandwich fixings as her kids look on.
125) 0) text: Gail walks down a corridor, flanked by Fletcher Chace and Giovanni Iacovoni, her attorney. We round a corner and en
134) 0) text: Traffic. Fletcher Chace swelters in his rented car. He checks the gas gauge -- the needle's bobbing on "E". There's a gas station up ahead. The cars are lined up sev deep at the pump. Chace pulls into the gas line and waits A GAS-STATION ATTENDANT walks outside with a placard. Dri climb out of their cars and start JEERING at the attendan Curious, Chace climbs out and watches as the attendant pl the sign on the pump: NO GAS. Chace smiles ruefully.
155) 11) dialog: walks on the opposite side of the square from Gail, casti quick glances down hushed, narrow alleyways. He makes eye contact with one of the N'Dragheta. A look passes between them. Chace hurries on. He dares not call out Paul's name. He pats himself down, searching for a gun that isn't there. kicks a loose cobblestone and picks it up.
165) 0) text: The iron gates open before us, and a CROWD enters the gro They wear sneakers, jeans, t-shirts. 118. They snap pictures with Instamatic cameras and carry cans soda. Fletcher Chace is among them, his suit freshly pressed.