70) 7) dialog: walks through a factory where women sew counterfeit Fendi handbags. Mammoliti examines the workmanship on one of th handbags, comparing it against the genuine article.
70) 8) dialog: This lining. It needs to be double- stiched to look like the real Fendi My buyer can tell the difference. Mammoliti is forty years old, blankly handsome, and dress in a tailored suit: he could easily be seen in the busine class lounge of any international airport in the world.
70) 9) dialog: Do it again. Mammoliti hands the bag back to the woman. She nods, care not to make eye contact: she is frightened of him.
71) 0) text: Saverio Mammoliti sits in the backseat, his briefcase ope beside him, perusing a balance sheet. His bald-shaven driver/bodyguard, SGRO, pulls over behind a tractor-trail
72) 0) text: The cargo door rolls open, revealing pallets of counterfe goods. Paul Getty is in back, guarded by two of Mammoliti men. Cinquanta is here as well.
72) 1) dialog: (re: Cinquanta) What's this?
72) 3) dialog: Get him out of here. I don't want him around. Cinquanta
72) 7) dialog: Your services are no longer required.
72) 9) dialog: We know how to get the money. It's not that hard if you have the stomach for it.
72) 11) dialog: Does he do what you say?
72) 13) dialog: He's not eating. Look at him. We need him to eat meat, lots of meat. Build up his blood. Do you understand my meaning?
72) 15) dialog: Va bene. You work for us now.
98) 0) text: We TILT UP from the phone cradle along the length of the man's arm -- -- REVEALING that it is Saverio Mammoliti himself that ha hung up the phone. He reaches out to the boy.
98) 1) dialog: Give it here. Paul hands the receiver to Mammoliti, who hangs up. We PAN across the faces in the room: Mammoliti's men, alo with the Constable, his wife, and, to one side, Cinquanta Mammoliti offers his hand to Paul.
98) 2) dialog: Come now, Paul. There will be no more foolishness. The boy places a hand over the ear that's been shorn and cleaned, as if trying to protect it.
98) 3) dialog: Come. Paul takes Mammoliti's hand. They walk out of the station hand-in-hand, into the street, where Mammoliti's car awai The rear door opens, they climb inside, and the Mercedes vanishes into the darkness.
100) 0) text: The fire in the fields has burned itself out; ASHES dance the air like snowflakes. Paul rides in the backseat with Mammoliti. Cinquanta rides up front with Sgro.
100) 3) dialog: A big fire like this? It draws attention. Inspectors. Bribes to be paid. We budget for contingencies, but nothing like this. The farmhouse comes into view. The wooden shed is scorche but still standing. We pull up in front of it.
100) 4) dialog: There are carrying costs. It's discipline, fiscal discipline. Either the family pays, or we must cut our losses.
146) 0) text: The mail bags are unzipped. The bricks of lira are broken down and counted by hand, all under Saverio Mammoliti's e 110. We recognize the woman from Mammoliti's factory among the
151) 0) text: The money is stacked, bundled, zipped into the mailbags, loaded onto a truck. Saverio Mammoliti hands out envelope of cash to each of his employees, including Cinquanta.
151) 2) dialog: Cane. Molti. Polizia. Tradimento. Mammoliti climbs into his waiting Mercedes. To his men:
151) 3) dialog: Tornare indietro e prendere il ragazzo. (subtitled) Go back and get the boy.