1) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, Mr Getty. I should have knocked but -- it's -- J. PAUL GETTY turns and cocks an eyebrow. His gaze is qui and focused; he has the impatience of a man whose mind is always sixty seconds ahead of whomever he's listening to.
1) 3) dialog: They've -- He's been kidnapped! Paul, Little Paul, your grandson, in Rome my God he's just a child -- The ticker-tape in Getty's hands stops moving.
1) 4) dialog: They need to speak with you, it's very urgent. The Italian police, the boy's mother, they're on the phone right now. A tremor of emotion in Getty's eyes. Then it's gone.
1) 6) dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Getty?
35) 9) dialog: Ms Getty, they're ready for you now. 21.
40) 1) dialog: They're here, Mr Getty.
41) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, Ms. Getty. Mr. Getty is unavailable at the moment.
42) 3) dialog: Ms. Getty? Are you still there?
42) 5) dialog: Would you like me to give Mr. Getty a message?
43) 0) text: Getty returns to his office, followed by his secretary. S gives him Gail's message on a slip of paper; he folds it once, then throws it away. Getty stands there for a moment, pensive. The ticker-tape coils up snakelike on the floor at his feet, ignored. What will you do to save your grandson's life? Getty turns: his secretary is still standing there, gazin at him with those tremulous, pleading eyes. Then:
76) 5) dialog: The New York open, Mr. Getty.
114) 0) text: We ride with the package atop a MAIL CART as it travels through the bustling newsroom. It lands on a desk outside corner office with a placard that reads UFFICIO EDITORE. The Editor's SECRETARY slices open the package. She remov its plastic-wrapped contents. What is this? She looks inside the package again. No letter, no note. She shakes the yellow envelope and something falls out -- 90. A POLAROID PHOTO. She examines the Polaroid in one hand, then looks at the plastic-wrapped object in the other... ...and SCREAMS.
116) 0) text: We FOLLOW Gail and Chace through the newsroom, where the secretary's desk has been taped off by the Squadra Mobile
117) 0) text: Gail sits down on the sofa. Chace hangs back in the doorw The Secretary places a cup of coffee and cake before her.
117) 7) dialog: It's true.
137) 5) dialog: West Texas Intermediate, sir. Getty glances at the ticker tape.
163) 1) dialog: Ma'am? They'll see you now.