30) 18) dialog: Yeah, I knew Lotso. He was a good toy. A friend. Me and him, we had the same kid -- Daisy... INT. DAISY’S LIVING ROOM - DAY - FLASHBACK A freckle-faced five-year-old, DAISY, unwraps a gift unde a Christmas tree and finds a fresh, smiling Lotso inside.
30) 19) dialog: I was there when Lotso got unwrapped. She hugs him -- love at first sight.
30) 20) dialog: Daisy loved us all, but Lotso... Lotso was special. INT. DAISY’S HOUSE - DAY - FLASHBACKS QUICK CUTS: Daisy takes Lotso everywhere -- jumping throu a lawn sprinkler; pushed on a swing; in bed while she rea to him, etc. He gazes lovingly at her.
30) 21) dialog: They did everything together. You never seen a kid and a toy more in love.
31) 0) text: Daisy sits in the back of a station wagon, Lotso in her lap. Big Baby and Chuckles are buckled in beside them.
31) 1) dialog: One day, we took a drive... 73
32) 0) text: At a rest stop, Daisy’s Family has lunch in the grass whi Daisy plays happily with Lotso, Chuckles, and Big Baby.
32) 1) dialog: Hit a rest stop, had a little play time. Daisy’s Mom waves a sandwich. Daisy puts down the Toys an runs to join her family.
32) 3) dialog: After lunch, Daisy fell asleep. A seat belt is clicked around the sleeping Daisy. The car drives off. Daisy’s Toys sit up, their worst fears come true.
32) 5) dialog: She never came back. CLOSE -- A heart-shaped pendant reads, “My heart belongs to...” A child's writing shows Daisy’s name and address. Lotso reads the pendant, hung around Big Baby’s neck. He sets off across the fields. Chuckles and Big Baby follow.
32) 6) dialog: Lotso wouldn't give up. It took forever, but we finally made it back to Daisy’s. EXT. DAISY’S HOUSE - DUSK Lotso, Chuckles and Big Baby stand in the bushes outside Daisy’s window -- muddy, worn. Big Baby boosts Lotso and Chuckles to the window sill. They peer in. Through the window, Daisy lies in her bed, reading a picture book.
32) 7) dialog: But by then, it was too late. FAST ZOOM -- Tucked beside her is a brand-new Lotso Bear. 74 TRACK IN ON -- Lotso. His Universe is shattered. Lotso drops from the window. Rain begins to fall.
32) 8) dialog: Something changed that day inside Lotso. Something snapped... Lotso’s face hardens. Big Baby stares -- uncomprehending.
32) 10) dialog: No, she only replaced yo--! Lotso turns on Chuckles.
33) 0) text: Lotso, Chuckles, and Big Baby hunch in the red, tail-lit glow of the bumper of a delivery truck as it drives throu swirling rain. Their eyes are dead, hopeless.
33) 1) dialog: We were lost. Cast off. Unloved. Unwanted... The truck hits a pothole, knocking them off the bumper. They hit the pavement, tumble into a puddle in front of..
34) 0) text: It’s dark. Rain pours. Lotso, Chuckles, and the Baby lift their faces from the puddle. A FLASH of lightning reveals the Sunnyside Day Care Cente 75
34) 1) dialog: Then we found Sunnyside. But Lotso wasn’t my friend anymore... Lotso stands, eyes narrowed. He limps towards the Day Care. Chuckles and Big Baby watch from the puddle. Lightning FLASHES.
35) 0) text: Chuckles, remembering. Woody listens, rapt.
35) 1) dialog: ...-He wasn’t anyone’s friend. He took over Sunnyside, rigged the whole system. He reaches in his pocket, pulls out Big Baby’s pendant.
35) 3) dialog: I got broke. Bonnie found me, took me home. Other Toys, they weren’t so lucky. (voice quavers) It ain’t right, what Lotso done! New toys -- they don’t stand a chance! Woody looks up.