1) 3) text: A young BOY looking one part scared, one part sad, and one part lost stares back at her, his hand held by a large, amiable black woman with tears rolling down her round cheeks.
1) 8) text: ... for boarding school. The dust the Boy has been watching reverses itself. An unseen vehicle comes up the road.
2) 0) text: A fire burns bright in the black African night. The Boy sits holding the chicken, close by the fire, while Inkosi Inkosikazi shuffles around him, drawing a circle in the dust with a stick.
3) 0) text: The fire has gone out. The Boy is still sitting in the circle, the chicken still in his lap. His eyes snap open. The first thing he sees is Inkosi Inkosikazi sitting across from him with a big smile.
4) 0) text: Inkosi Inkosikazi enters the Buick. The Boy and his smiling nanny watch. They Boy still holds the chicken.
4) 2) text: And he let me keep the chicken. The Boy and his nanny watch the car go off in a cloud of dust.
5) 0) text: The Boy sits on a train looking out the window at the veldt and the wildlife moving across in the distance. A sack on his lap moves. The chicken's head pops out. The Boy gives him some kernels of corn and scratches behind his scraggly comb.
7) 0) text: The six-year-old walks timorously through the halls, filled with bigger boys -- brash, noisy, hostile. They only speak the "Taal" -- Afrikaans. Over and over they jostle or verbally deride the six-year-old, knocking his books down so that when he bends to pick them up he is kicked in the butt. Or pulling his shirt out from under his jacket and making it hard to move.
9) 0) text: The Boy builds a small shelter for the CHICKEN, who CLUCKS and forages contentedly.
11) 0) text: Boys and faculty running through the halls excitedly, showing newspapers with pictures of Hitler and Chamberlain on the front. Posters and slogans with swastikas are slapped up on walls. Some boys mimic "heiling" to each other.
13) 0) text: The Boy is dumped on the floor, the blanket removed. His eyes open in horror. The room is lit by torches. Shadows dance fearfully off two dozen boys with swastika armbands and leather pistol rigs without pistols strapped to their sides. In front of him on a platform Jaapie Botha stands, his shirtsleeves rolled to the shoulder,
13) 2) text: God has sent Hitler to deliver us from the English bastards who stole our country and killed our people. Heil Hitler! The other boys chorus in.
13) 6) text: With your blood. Jaapie slaps the Boy across the mouth three times. Blood flows from his mouth and nose. Jaapie dips his finger in the blood and smears it across his new tattoo. He holds up his bloodied fingers. JAAPIE
13) 16) dialog: No! But before he gets two steps towards the chicken he is gang-tackled and held. Jaapie picks up a sling and a rock.
13) 20) dialog: No! Jaapie releases the stone. It flies true, catching the SQUAWKING, struggling CHICKEN flush in the chest. The flapping stops as blood soaks through feathers.
13) 27) text: You will pay for the deaths of our grandfathers and grandmothers, our aunts and uncles. All Rooineks will pay and you will be first. Pull! The boys who tied the rope now yank it over the rafter. The six-year-old is hoisted up until he is eye-level with the chicken. JAAPIE
14) 9) text: (facetious) Very apt, Mr. Levy. We look forward to the experience. (pause) All right. The boys bolt for the door.
15) 0) text: Morrie waits in the now nearly-empty hall, taking some money from another boy and making notations in a black book. PK comes up to him.
16) 14) text: And in this corner, representing the Prince of Wales School, the current Johannesburg Public School welterweight champion, also with a record of 13-0 on the year, also 140 pounds, Kid P.K. Now the English schoolboys cheer for their man, but PK does not respond. He barely moves. He raises an arm in bare acknowledgment. His attention stays focused across the ring on his shadowboxing opponent. PK watches Jannie dance closely when a low CHANTING begins from outside the stadium -- African, tribal, mystical harmonies of black voices building until the white voices inside the stadium are stunned to silence. The song carries beautifully in the night. For the first time PK's focus is broken, but not like the others in the audience, who haven't a clue as to what's happening. He has heard this before. This is familiar.
22) 19) text: Hard for an Afrikaaner boy. Impossible for an English one. PK
38) 8) text: What?    You boys lost? PK
38) 20) text: Six months? I don't know your boy'll last six minutes. PK
38) 27) text: Why's he want to do this, a nice- looking schoolboy? MORRIE
45) 18) text: Of course. Geel Piet looks hesitantly from the man to the boy and then begins. GEEL PIET
52) 0) text: Geel Piet is instructing a nine-year-old PK in the Geel Piet eight. Both boy and man are enjoying what they do -- and each other.
70) 5) text: You are listening to me please. When I am shouting break, you must break at once. When a knockdown is coming, it is for an eight count. No heads, no elbows. You fight clean or by golly I am giving you penalty points. Good luck, boys. PK and Mandoma touch gloves and go to their respective corners. PK
74) 11) text: roadwork. Busted, the boys squirm uncomfortably.
85) 9) text: A technicality. Another BOY comes over. BOY
85) 14) dialog: He said to come as you are. Immediately. The Boy runs off, leaving PK and Morrie wondering.
102) 6) dialog: There a Mr. P.K. here?
102) 8) dialog: Sign here.   Odd name -- P.K.
102) 10) dialog: Waldo.
110) 5) text: A repeat performance of history, my boy. Solly Goldman's being deported. Of course last time I didn't have the luxury of being able to pack. PK
110) 9) text: No, boychick. This is because of them. They are the problem, not you. Don't ever think different. You look tired. Want a glass tea? PK
122) 9) text: Not in your favor, my boy.
134) 2) text: Well, look at ya now, boyo. Up and at 'em in no time. And rich as a fuckin' lord. He tosses a fat wad of cash on PK's bed. PK