24) 1) dialog: Ja. Perfect.    You will excuse me, please. DOC, speaking in German-accented English, moves off from the sun's glare down to PK's level. On his back is a knapsack with a cactus sticking out of it.
24) 2) dialog: This I do not normally without permission do, ja? But to catch the expression. After all, it is the expression that is important. Ja? Without the expression the human being is just a lump of meat. You have some problems, I think. I am Professor Karl von Vollensteen. Doc clicks his heels together and bows his head slightly.
24) 4) dialog: Such a young person with such an
24) 7) text: So began my education. Doc and PK walk the veldt across craggy mountain trails, down dry river beds, through the jungle, always collectin cacti and aloe samples, Doc always talking, always explaining.
24) 9) dialog: The brain, P.K., has two functions. It is the best reference library ever, which is a good thing to have. Ja? But also from it comes original thought. In school you will get all filled up with the facts. Here your brain will learn where to look, how to look, how to think. And then you will have for yourself all the brains that have ever been. Doc and PK sit high up. PK watches the endless animal migration below while Doc points things out across the landscape.
25) 0) text: PK and Doc walk up a steep road toward Doc's house which sits on top of the hill, both carrying cacti-filled
26) 0) text: Behind Doc's simple, whitewashed cottage is a magnif- icent cactus and aloe garden filled with the samples Doc has collected for years. PK and Doc plant another specimen. Doc photographs it. PK records its genus in a notebook.
26) 4) dialog: If God would choose a plant to represent Him, I think He would choose of all plants the cactus. This one plant has all the blessings He tried but failed to give man. It is true. Look. The cactus is humble but not submissive. It grows where no other plant will grow. The sun bakes its back, the wind rips it from cliffs, or drowns it in the dry desert sand. Not a complaint. In good times or bad it will still flower. It protects itself from danger. Doc touches a cactus needle.
26) 5) dialog: But it harms no other plant.   It
27) 0) text: Shabbily-genteel, Doc sits in his Sunday best, a cup of tea on his lips, talking in earnest to PK's pipe- puffing, also shabbily-genteel grandfather as PK looks on
28) 0) text: Doc and PK practice on a beautiful Steinway, so grandly out of place in Doc's simple abode.
29) 0) text: Doc and PK wander through the jungle looking for flora.
29) 1) dialog: Everything fits, P.K. Nothing is unexplained. Nature is one big chain reaction. Everything depends on everything else. From the smallest to the biggest. Always in life an idea starts small like a tree. Doc shows PK a small tree with an even smaller vine attached to it.
29) 2) dialog: This tree can grow so high it can touch the face of the sky. But this little vine can choke it and keep it small. Most people are like these vines. Afraid of new ideas. Afraid to let things grow. Doc rips the vine away from the tree.
29) 3) dialog: Always listen to yourself. Follow your own idea. If you are wrong, so what? You learn something. And with learning you grow stronger. And if you are right at the beginning? An even bigger bonus.
30) 0) text: Doc and PK move alongside the great herds.
33) 0) text: Doc and PK walk toward the cottage.   Doc reads PK's report card.
33) 1) dialog: Grammar: satisfactory. Science: satisfactory. Mathetmatics: satisfactory. He looks down at PK.
33) 2) dialog: P.K., if there is one thing I know you to be that is a lot more than just satisfactory. Ja?
33) 4) dialog: Why not?
33) 6) dialog: My boy, to be smart is not a sin. But to be smart and not use it, that is sin number one. And as for getting beat up on, use your brain to figure out how not to be. He hands PK the report card, his displeasure obvious. As they crest the hill the cottage comes INTO VIEW along with a parked Army car and two armed soldiers leaning against it. Seeing Doc and PK, the soldiers smarten up, raising their rifles and advancing. Doc's face grows pale, his lips tight.   PK pulls close t him for support.
33) 7) dialog: Again it begins. The stupidity. Do not be frightened. Doc puts na arm around PK's shoulder, drawing him close, comforting him. One of the soldiers pulls a pair of handcuffs out of his pocket as he advances.
34) 0) text: A car pulls up. Doc, in shackles, is escorted from the car. PK exits after him. Two guards lead Doc toward the doorway to the prison, a square in the looming gates. Doc walks, his head held high. PK walks alongside holding his hand.
45) 8) text: Try and hit me. Doc chuckles.
45) 12) text: And I'm going to learn the Geel Piet eight. DOC
45) 14) text: Parchypodium Namquanium. DOC
45) 17) text: (furtive) Excuse me, big baas. But can I talk to the small baas? DOC
45) 21) text: What happens to the leaf after? DOC
45) 30) text: I don't understand. DOC
45) 32) text: What's wrong with tobacco? Why wouldn't they want them to have it? DOC
45) 34) text: What should I do? DOC
45) 38) text: I don't fuckin' believe you. He glares at Doc and PK. BORMANN
45) 41) dialog: Schweinhund.
45) 45) dialog: PK, to me you are the champion of the world already. Come. Let us go box now with Mr. Beethoven. PK and Doc exit.
54) 5) dialog: The Allied armies have crossed the Rhine into Germany. It is almost over.
54) 9) dialog: You are a good    faker, Geel Piet. but you don't    think it's great at all. It means     you lose your star letter writer    and tobacco importer.
54) 13) dialog: Geel Piet, when a painter finishes a work of art he doesn't lose it. He sends it out in the world so everyone can see the genius of his creation. This is what you are going to do. And to celebrate the launch of such a work of art as you have made our boxer here, I have composed an entire concerto -- 'The Concerto for the Southland' -- which it is my intention to play in concert for the prisoners before I leave.
54) 15) dialog: He'll think it's a concert for him and the brass. But we'll know, ay? And the people will know.
54) 17) dialog: If the black is part of the
54) 19) text: But the people have no instruments in this place, big baas. DOC
54) 21) text: Except the tribes don't trust each other. They don't even talk to each other. DOC
54) 23) text: They will do it for you, kleine baas. You are Onoshobishobi Ingelosi. You bring the tobacco. You write the letters. You put clothes on their children's bodies and food in their bellies. All you do is ask and they all sing for you. DOC
54) 25) text: A kaffir smarter than all of us? You are a strange German, Professor. DOC
54) 29) dialog: No, Sergeant.    God willing. BORMANN
54) 35) text: You see, Professor, they are not like us. A white man would scream bloody murder. Doc and PK glare at Bormann.    He smirks and walks away. PK (V.O.)
58) 3) dialog: Have you seen my page turner?
58) 9) text: I don't know, Kommandant. DOC
58) 33) text: Instinctively the first four prisoners in each group, the leaders, stand and turn to face their people. They take up the lead. PK, distracted by his inner vision, runs off stage. Doc looks after him, worried, but keeps playing.
78) 0) text: On an escarpment high above the dense green rainforest cover, PK and Doc move along the sheer cliff face with photographic equipment and rucksacks. PK notices Doc's labored breathing and slow movements. They reach some small cacti growing out of the side of
78) 3) text: You ever hear of glycerine, Doc? DOC
78) 5) text: Why you don't use it. It's only a little pill under the tongue. DOC
78) 7) text: Well, until you become something else, the little pills would make this easier on your heart. A CLAP of THUNDER cuts into their conversation.   Thick roiling rain clouds appear suddenly. DOC
78) 8) text: Little pills or no little pills -- we don't find cover, we both turn into something else. Lightning splits the sky.   Rain begins to fall, pelting the escarpment. DOC
78) 9) text: Look for a cave. Always in this kind of rock there is caves. Quick! Quick! PK starts to move horizontally across the cliff face like a spider on a wall. Doc follows. The rain becomes torrential. PK turns to look back at Doc. DOC
79) 0) text: PK stoops in the small cave, dripping wet. A moment later Doc's foot appears at the entrance. PK helps him in. Doc slumps down, exhausted.
79) 3) dialog: Exploring.
79) 5) dialog: Plenty time for resting when I am something else. Look. He strikes a match.    A wind from inside the cave blows it side to side.
79) 6) dialog: When does a cave have wind?    This
79) 8) dialog: Here.   See?   There is a passage. Before PK can say anything else, Doc has wriggled through the small opening. PK, a bit peeved, takes his own flashlight and follows.
80) 0) text: PK crawls after Doc, making his way through the small tunnel on his stomach.
80) 1) dialog: You know the pyramids are nothing more than man's attempt to recreate the first safe home our species had -- the cave. It is the ultimate safe resting place. The first place man could lay down and have a good night's sleep without worrying about waking up as something's supper. Doc stops crawling.   So does PK.   A DRIPPING can be heard.
80) 2) dialog: You hear that? There is something waiting for us. Doc starts moving quicker.
80) 4) dialog: Better, ja?
80) 11) dialog: Who can think about rain when you are on the edge of the great unknown cave.
80) 13) dialog: The bats didn't come from a shoebox, Mr. Know-It-All. Doc heads off.
80) 14) dialog: Sometimes I think maybe sending you off to that fancy-shmancy school was not such a good idea.
80) 16) dialog: Ja. But who knew they do such a good job of boxing up part of
80) 19) dialog: The one where is all the questions. The curiosity center. Look. Ahead in the tunnel is a luminous glow, filling an entrance.
80) 20) dialog: Did I tell you? Doc and PK hurry on.
80) 22) dialog: Wunderbar. The whole chamber    glistens with an eerie phosphorescen Toward one end of    the crystallized room eight stalagmi grown up from the    floor cement to form a huge crystal slab some ten feet    off the floor. A buttress of stalg- mites drip off it    forming a natural, if uneven, stairw
80) 24) dialog: How many hundreds of thousands of years to make this masterpiece? Everything outside can change, P.K. This remains the same. We are in the heart of Africa, P.K. The heart of Africa. Doc, in his own world of wonderment, wanders down into the cave among the stalactites. PK follows, soon losing sight of Doc behind the large crystal columns.
80) 25) dialog: You know, if a person stayed here for 100,000 years what would be
80) 28) text: Incredible. Doc's preoccupation with death irks him.   He studies a piece of crystal.
80) 32) dialog: lying on the crystal slab, eyes closed, hands folded on his chest.
80) 34) dialog: This is incredible! The crystal. You can feel the life go right through you. Here. Doc rises.
80) 35) dialog: Come try it.
80) 40) dialog: We have only just gotten here. What's the matter, P.K.?
80) 42) dialog: I'm 87 next month.   It's natural.
80) 44) dialog: You are right. I am sorry. Sixteen-year-old ears should only hear life. Doc starts to whistle "The Marriage of    Figaro" by Moza The RESONANCE of the WHISTLING off the    crystal sounds beautiful, exotic. Doc beckons PK to     join in with him PK does so, hesitantly. Then pleased     with the sound a the feeling, more fully. Doc and PK exit through the stalactites, whistling.
81) 0) text: PK and a very exhausted Doc enter. Doc sits down heavily on the bed while PK, shrugging off his rucksack, heads right for the small kitchen area.
81) 6) dialog: 
81) 11) dialog: Promise.
81) 13) text: Ja.  Good. I rest a little. (beat) The heart of Africa, P.K. Doc lays down.
81) 14) dialog: The heart.
106) 0) text: PK stands at the bottom of the crystal slab almost dreading what he will find. He resolutely climbs the stalagmites to reach the top. PK's eye level shifts from below the slab to even with it, then to above it. As his sight rises Doc's corpse comes INTO VIEW --
106) 2) text: a small metal box by Doc's feet.
106) 4) dialog: So Mr. Schmartypants. It did not take you so long to figure out what happened. I hope you forgive me for not saying goodbye, but I did not think it would be necessary between us. What could I say you don't already know.
106) 6) dialog: That I love you with all my heart? That you have given me more in our ten years of friendship than three lifetimes could fill? That the last thoughts I have before becoming something else will be of music, cactus, and you? You know all this. PK turns the sheet to page two which is a whole side of music.
106) 7) dialog: Last night this music came into my head. It is my music for Africa. My music for you. So go. Be welterweight champion of the world. Be a writer. A great writer. Remember -- the only thing between a dream and a reality is you. Until we meet again, your friend, Doc. PK looks down at Doc as a PIANO CONCERTO, beautiful, haunting, BEGINS TO PLAY.
107) 0) text: PK plays the music Doc wrote with only the moonlight illuminating the page. The music is soul-stirring, rich, evocative. Tears run down PK's cheeks. PAN FROM PK THROUGH the CACTUS GARDEN to the FULL MOON illuminating the African veldt as the MUSIC dominates and then FADES into the night.
112) 11) text: He takes a small handbag, throws a few books into it and Doc's picture. He picks up his notebook and packs that too. He goes to exit.