1) 0) text: A white car sits in the yard of the farmhouse. On the door, a decal: "CAPETOWN SANITORIUM." Two men dressed in the white uniforms of the sanitorium exit the farm- house; one gently guiding a rather frail, troubled woman toward the car; the other totes her suitcase. The V.O. of a young man narrates:
1) 1) dialog: There comes a time in everyone's life when they discover that the only person you can truly depend on is yourself. That the only real power anyone has to get anything done is the power of one. With any luck you can make it through a lot of years before you ever have to face the reality of that fact. (beat)
1) 4) dialog: I was all of six.
1) 7) dialog: My father died before I was born, and even though I was raised by my Zulu nanny, with my mother, depending on her health, in nominal attendance, it was decided, with her departure, that I, too, would depart... (beat)
1) 9) dialog: But before I could be sent out into the world one very serious matter had to be dealt with. (beat)
2) 2) dialog: Legend had it that Inkosi Inkosikazi was the last son of the great Zulu king, Dingaan, who fought both the Boers and the British to a standstill nearly 100 years before, and the night Inkosi Inkosikazi was conceived stars fell from the sky until the sun rose. The circle    complete, the old man sits down opposite th Boy. From     a leather pouch he produces several bones. throws the    bones on the ground and studies them for a moment. He     begins to wave the fly switch back and for in front of    the Boy's eyes, chanting low, softly. The Boy's eyes    grow heavy; his lids droop.
2) 4) dialog: The medicine man instructed me to jump off the falls and climb along the ten stepping stones, counting as I went until I reached dry land. The Boy jumps, cascading down the   falls and into the po below.  He clambers up the first   rock. It is slippery. He falls off and climbs back on,   buffeted by the sprayi water.  He makes his way stone by   stone toward the othe side.
2) 5) dialog: Even though it was only a dream, I felt as if my struggle to reach dry land was terrifyingly real. The water was like ice, bone- chilling, cold, and as I made my way from one stone to the next I could feel my strength desert me. The progress from one step to the next gets progressively harder as the Boy keeps slipping into the swirling water, coughing and sputtering.
2) 6) dialog: I was three rocks in when I ran out of gas. I couldn't pull myself any further. No matter how hard I
4) 1) dialog: Inkosi Inkosikazi said the spirit of the great Zulu warriors lived in me. He told me that whenever trouble arose I should return to the waterfall and keep stepping across the rocks until the trouble passed. He said three rocks were enough to conquer my problem with the night water; that I was very brave. He said I was a man for all Africa, bound to her by my spirit, bound by my dreams. (beat)
5) 1) dialog: Although I was bound by spirit
6) 1) dialog: The school I   was sent to was attended and   staffed entirely by Afrikaaners,   the oldest of the two white tribes   of Africa.
7) 1) dialog: I spoke only English. The hated tongue. The language of the enemy who had usurped power and stolen the country through political chicanery and military brutality. A mob of boys, led by a big bully, JAAPIE BOTHA, runs the six-year-old through the bathroom and into the showers, fully clothed. He tries to run out. Jaapie Botha grabs him and throws him back in, holding him with one ham-fisted hand under the shower head and turning the shower on with the other. The six-year-old stands miserable as the stinging water pelts him.
7) 2) dialog: During the Boer War of 1896, 26,000 Boer women and children were herded into detainment camps by the British, where they died like flies from dysentery,
7) 4) dialog: And no one made this more evident to me than Jaapie Botha, a wheat farmer's son from the Transvaal.
8) 1) dialog: The only time I was at peace was when I slept. Inkosi Inkosikazi's chicken proved to be, like his previous owner, a salvation.
9) 1) dialog: During the day he would live outside the dorm, happily scarfing down bugs and grubs, secure in a little house I built for him.
10) 1) dialog: And at night he would hop through the window and, perching over my bed, squawking if any intruders came near.
10) 3) dialog: He was my best and only friend.
11) 1) dialog: I'm sure in time a status quo would have been achieved between me and my schoolmates were it not for the cataclysmic events occurring in that faraway place none of us had ever seen. (beat)