14) 0) text: Prince of Wales School, 1950. PK, 17     going on 18, wel built, intense, clear-eyed, handsome,    stands in front a seminar and continues reading to 10    students, honor students, Headmaster St. John's chosen    few. St. John, with the demeanor of an Oxford don and    a mane of snowy white hair that reaches his shoulders,    sits off to the side, listening.
14) 3) text: And so the first recorded South African casualty of Hitler's insanity was not a Boer, nor a Rooinek, but a tatter-feathered, half-bald kaffir chicken. PK finishes. The end of class BELL RINGS. Offstage, other classrooms are exiting into the common hall, but no one in St. John's study moves. St. John takes his
15) 0) text: Morrie waits in the now nearly-empty hall, taking some money from another boy and making notations in a black book. PK comes up to him.
15) 3) text: You win and your dream comes true. You lose, we're back to bread and butter sandwiches till term's end. What'd he want? PK
15) 7) text: Come on, you'll read one of your pieces, they'll be begging you to attend. PK
15) 9) text: Well let's bloody hope so. It'll be a lonely time without you there. PK
16) 13) text: And now for the final bout to determine which school will win the Johannesburg 1950 public school boxing team championship. In this corner, weighing 140 pounds, standing 5'8", from the Helpmakeer School with a record of 13-0 on the year, Jannie Geildenhaus. A huge cheer goes up for JANNIE, muscular, bare-chested, as he dances and shadowboxes for the crowd. PK enters the ring. He stands, robe on, eyes intent on Jannie. When the noise subsides the Announcer continues. ANNOUNCER
16) 14) text: And in this corner, representing the Prince of Wales School, the current Johannesburg Public School welterweight champion, also with a record of 13-0 on the year, also 140 pounds, Kid P.K. Now the English schoolboys cheer for their man, but PK does not respond. He barely moves. He raises an arm in bare acknowledgment. His attention stays focused across the ring on his shadowboxing opponent. PK watches Jannie dance closely when a low CHANTING begins from outside the stadium -- African, tribal, mystical harmonies of black voices building until the white voices inside the stadium are stunned to silence. The song carries beautifully in the night. For the first time PK's focus is broken, but not like the others in the audience, who haven't a clue as to what's happening. He has heard this before. This is familiar.
17) 0) text: The boxing team and a number of their supporters are in raucous celebration. Morrie comes bouncing through the crowd, until he enters the empty dressing room in the rear, where PK is getting dressed. Morrie takes a wad of money out of his pocket.
17) 8) text: So? He's the Nationalist Party's resident intellectual. The man is one of the architects of this damned system of -- what are they calling it? -- apartheid? He has about as much use for a Rooinek Englishman rutting after his daughter as the Queen does for balls, pardon my French. PK
17) 10) text: Maria Elizabete Marais, Seniors Cottage, Room 22, Devilliers School. They don't call it 'Fortress Virgin' for nothing. You'll never get in. PK slips his school blazer on. PK
18) 0) text: Indeed, "Fortress Virgin." Surrounded by a high stone wall, the school's gothic towers loom medieval in the African moonlight. A security guard mans the front gate. PK takes a route through shadows and shrubs, searching for a way in. He finds one in a tree whose massive limbs reach over the wall. In a flash PK is up the tree and over the wall.
19) 0) text: PK makes his way through the darkened campus. A few stu- dents and some staff are about. PK hugs the shadows as best he can. PK passes a statue dominating the quad -- a Boer family from the last century; the man looking for- ward, his gun braced for action; the women and children at his shoulder, brave, resolute.
20) 0) text: PK comes up to the cottage where a few girls can be seen through the windows studying at lamplit desks or readying for bed. Other rooms are already dark. PK slips inside the building.
21) 0) text: PK moves along the hall looking for room 22. He is about to turn a corner when TWO GIRLS chattering in Afrikaans come down a staircase. PK backs into a
22) 0) text: Maria Marais sits at her      desk in a nightgown,  worki a paper, when there is a      KNOCK on the door.   With h mind still on her work,      she opens the door.   Her ey wide with shock when she      sees PK. He puts a   cautio finger to his lips.
22) 9) text: We went on a dare. Please. PK ignores her anxiety. PK
22) 13) text: (surprised) You speak the Taal. PK
22) 17) text: I need my father's permission. PK
22) 19) text: Hard for an Afrikaaner boy. Impossible for an English one. PK
22) 20) text: How about your permission?    Do I have that? Maria blushes. All of a sudden there is a KNOCK on the door. Maria starts. PK moves quickly behind the door as it opens to TWO GIRLS.
22) 27) text: There are plenty of English girls. What makes me so important? PK
22) 34) text: (in English) Good night, PK.
22) 38) text: And I don't remember telling you mine. PK smiles back at her. He drops to the ground. Maria closes the window and watches him scoot across the campus until he is swallowed by the night.
23) 0) text: An ample house. PAN ACROSS a gallery of oil paintings depicting great moments in Boer history -- the Great Trek an endless progression of oxcarts heading north, the Battle of Blood River against the Zulu armies, the hang- ing of Boer farmers by British regulars. Women and children herded into a detention camp as their farms burn in the background. Boer kommandos sniping at a British column on the veldt. PAN FROM the pictures TO photographs, sepia-toned, his- torical, and DR. DANIEL MARAIS and PK, strolling past the pictures. Marais points to a photo of a young Boer, turn of the century, posed stiffly with a rifle in the slouche hat of a Boer kommando.
23) 18) text: (pleasant) The library, mein leib. Maria smiles at PK and exits.   He leads PK towards the library. MARAIS
23) 19) text: I can't figure out if you're brave or foolish. PK
23) 21) text: You come here to ask for permission to see my daughter. Correct? PK
23) 23) text: And knowing  who I am, what I stand for, do you  think this sort of discussion  is going to put that request in  a favorable light? PK
24) 0) text: A brilliant African sun beats down on the veldt below. On the rock, a seven-year-old PK sits looking somewhat sadly over the landscape. A long shadow covers him. The CLICK of a CAMERA is heard. PK turns, shielding his eyes with his hand against the glare of the sun to a tall, white-haired figure, shirtless, in hiking boots and kneesocks, holding a box camera.
24) 7) text: So began my education. Doc and PK walk the veldt across craggy mountain trails, down dry river beds, through the jungle, always collectin cacti and aloe samples, Doc always talking, always explaining.
25) 0) text: PK and Doc walk up a steep road toward Doc's house which sits on top of the hill, both carrying cacti-filled
26) 0) text: Behind Doc's simple, whitewashed cottage is a magnif- icent cactus and aloe garden filled with the samples Doc has collected for years. PK and Doc plant another specimen. Doc photographs it. PK records its genus in a notebook.
27) 0) text: Shabbily-genteel, Doc sits in his Sunday best, a cup of tea on his lips, talking in earnest to PK's pipe- puffing, also shabbily-genteel grandfather as PK looks on
28) 0) text: Doc and PK practice on a beautiful Steinway, so grandly out of place in Doc's simple abode.
29) 0) text: Doc and PK wander through the jungle looking for flora.
30) 0) text: Doc and PK move alongside the great herds.
32) 0) text: PK plays "God Save the King" on the stage. The town's population stands -- the men, stoic; the women, dewey- eyed, at patriotic attention. Some people file out -- the men in officers' uniforms of the South African penal system and their wives -- Boers. They exit to the dagger stares and some undertoned hissing and booing from Her Majesty's loyal subjects.
33) 0) text: Doc and PK walk toward the cottage.   Doc reads PK's report card.
34) 0) text: A car pulls up. Doc, in shackles, is escorted from the car. PK exits after him. Two guards lead Doc toward the doorway to the prison, a square in the looming gates. Doc walks, his head held high. PK walks alongside holding his hand.
35) 0) text: Morrie lies in bed, asleep.   PK sits up at his desk, writing.
36) 0) text: The seedy side of town. PK carrying a gym bag and Morrie looking a bit out of place in their school blazers come striding up the alley.
37) 0) text: Morrie and PK rush up the stairs, stop at the landing, and collect themselves before opening the door to the gym. They take a breath and enter.
38) 2) text: How do they get away with this? But PK has his mind on other things. His eyes fix on an OLD MAN across the room standing by ringside.
38) 4) text: Christ, he's old. PK
38) 5) text: And he's the best.    C'mon. PK leads Morrie across the gym. PK passes an African fighter. He stops training when he sees PK. He turns to another African fighter, glancing at PK. One by one the blacks in the gym stop training to look at PK. PK and Morrie approach the rheumy Old Man yelling at the two fighters in the ring above him in a thick Polish- Jewish accent. SOLLY (OLD MAN)
38) 8) text: What?    You boys lost? PK
38) 15) text: Oy gevalt. (beat) You know you train here it's not like those nice school fights you're used to. Three knockdowns you win. Just then, as if to underscore his point, one of the fighters in the ring gets caught witha solid shot to the jaw. He hits the canvas inches from where they are standing. Solly, PK and Morrie all look at him, and then at each other. MORRIE
38) 20) text: Six months? I don't know your boy'll last six minutes. PK
38) 21) text: I'll last. Solly notices that every black fighter in the gym has stopped working and is staring at PK. SOLLY
38) 25) text: Go change in the back. We'll see if you couldn't find a better use for all that money. PK
38) 26) text: Thank you, sir. PK heads towards the rear.      Solly turns to Morrie. SOLLY
39) 0) text: PK is in the ring getting ready to spar with a well-built opponent. Morrie stands at ringside with Solly.
40) 0) text: Seven-year-old PK stands at the gate holding a bucket, waiting to be let in.
41) 0) text: PK sits on a bench in the hall. Black prisoners are marched by, guarded closely. At PK's feet is the metal bucket.  The door to Kommandant Von Zyl's office opens. A guard summons PK. PK rises, takes his bucket and enters the office.
43) 0) text: PK and Von Zyl walk together.
43) 29) text: No, no. Don't never call me sir. 'Specially in front of the guards. PK
44) 13) text: My father would take    me   to the top of the highest hill    and   we'd play this game, 'What Do    You   See' until we ran out of things    to   see. Do you ever play that? PK
44) 15) text: Want to try? PK
44) 17) text: I see a forest. It goes      on forever. There are giant      trees which keep getting bigger     and bigger over thousands of     years. Now you. The wheel begins to move a little higher and then stops. PK
44) 19) text: I see the big trees getting bigger, their leaves and branches making one great green umbrella over all of Africa. The wheel stops again at its highest point. PK
45) 0) text: Geel Piet is punching at PK, slowly, with a large pair of gloves. The seven-year-old bobs and weaves quite expertly. Geel Piet stops, winded.
45) 7) text: How is the next Joe Louis this morning? PK
45) 11) text: You are amazing. PK
45) 13) text: Yes, yes, yes. But right now you have to come learn the Beethoven Fifth for one hour so we can get to the cactus before it's too hot to plant. Did you bring her? PK points to a nearby bucket. PK
45) 19) text: Every day I see you bring the bucket and in the bottom is some tobacco leaf. PK
45) 22) text: A little I use in some water to make a bug spray for the plants. PK
45) 24) text: If you leave the pail when you go plant is a problem, small baas? PK
45) 26) text: Is like this. You see how hard the life is for the people here in prison. Only little pleasure they take from this hard life maybe sometimes when no one watching late at night -- a little smoke. Now with the big war in Europe tobacco is plenty hard to get outside. Inside it is gone. We are the forgotten in here. PK
45) 29) text: No, no.   Mustn't do that, little baas. PK
45) 31) text: What Geel Piet means is it can be dangerous. Something the guards might not want the people to have. PK
45) 33) text: What's wrong is people whose job it is to punish. After a little while it is all they know how to do. PK
45) 38) text: I don't fuckin' believe you. He glares at Doc and PK. BORMANN
46) 0) text: PK in the ring is about to start sparring.    Solly gives him instruction as Morrie stands by.
46) 2) text: One-two-three... the Solly Goldman thirteen. Okay? PK nods. Solly hits the BELL.   The sparring begins. works his way in.
47) 0) text: PK pounds the heavy bag as Morrie stands by.
48) 0) text: Solly faces the door as it opens.    PK and Morrie enter.
48) 11) text: The man who promotes all the fights in Sofiatown -- Elias Nguni. PK
48) 14) text: You're both out of your minds. PK
48) 16) text: I told you what he told me. PK
48) 21) text: That's a good career move. Risk everything to gain nothing. Very sound business sense. PK
48) 22) text: Tell Mr. Nguni I'll think about it. PK exits with Morrie steaming behind. They head for the locker room, PK clearly perturbed.
48) 26) text: Well why don't you tell me what you do know. PK
48) 29) text: I haven't heard it in years. PK begins to disrobe. MORRIE
48) 30) text: And how did this honor fall on your broad back? PK
48) 34) text: And after that? PK
48) 42) text: He's dead. PK steps into the shower pulling the curtain closed.
49) 0) text: PK and Morrie exit the locker room.
49) 35) text: What's this here? Maria is gripped by fear.     Morrie is cautious, unmovin PK
49) 38) text: Where you coming from? PK
49) 44) text: (subservient) Yes, baas. Going right now. Nguni moves off, no semblance of the proud man in his gait. PK
50) 0) text: PK and Maria stand by the tree set to climb over the wall.
51) 0) text: The Oxford Board of EXAMINERS, eminent academics all, sit four across at a lecture table, looking absolutely musty with learning. Across from them PK sits, a folder in his lap. One man, PROFESSOR LEWIS, peruses the file in front of him.
51) 6) text: I do not recall Lord Byron actually engaging in matches for money. PK
51) 11) text: Well, then, let us hope we'll be treated to the stirrings of another Byron. His sarcasm is not lost on PK.   PK ignores it, opens his folder, and begins to read. PK
52) 0) text: Geel Piet is instructing a nine-year-old PK in the Geel Piet eight. Both boy and man are enjoying what they do -- and each other.
53) 0) text: PK sits opposite a black prisoner who talks to him. PK, thirteen years old now, writes what the man says on a piece of paper. When he is finished, he folds it, puts it into an envelope, and hand it to the man. The man smiles, shakes PK's hand profusely, and exits. PK turns to Geel Piet who is on his hands and knees polishing the floor, seemingly part of the surroundings. Geel Piet and PK share a smile.
54) 0) text: Quite advanced after five years of planting. PK and Geel Piet are bent over a cactus, transplanting it. A group of prisoners on the way to a hard-labor work task march by. They chant a verse to Onoshobishobi Ingelosi. PK is a little embarrassed by it.
54) 20) text: They have their voices. Each tribe a different voice, a different language -- all singing together. It is brilliant, no? PK
54) 35) text: You see, Professor, they are not like us. A white man would scream bloody murder. Doc and PK glare at Bormann.    He smirks and walks away. PK (V.O.)
54) 36) text: As the weeks went by and the date for the concert grew closer, my life was a whirlwind. PK and Geel Piet appear before various tribal leaders, talking, agreeing, shaking hands. PK (V.O.)
56) 0) text: Geel Piet instructs PK.
56) 1) dialog: My boxing instruction accelerated as well. It was as if Geel Piet was trying to give me every bit of boxing knowledge he had before we parted. And always from the corners and shadows Bormann watched and waited. Bormann watches PK and Geel Piet from the door of his room, his truncheon beating idly against his leg.
58) 11) text: I want to address these filthy kaffirs but I don't have a translator. PK
58) 13) text: You can speak Zulu, PK? PK
58) 16) text: Tell them this concert is the gift to them from the professor who, even though he is in prison, is not a dirty criminal like them but a man of culture and learning. PK
58) 24) text: He says tonight let us be one people under the African sky. The prisoners break into spontaneous applause.   Von Zyl looks at PK, unsuspecting, pleased.
58) 33) text: Instinctively the first four prisoners in each group, the leaders, stand and turn to face their people. They take up the lead. PK, distracted by his inner vision, runs off stage. Doc looks after him, worried, but keeps playing.
59) 0) text: PK runs through the empty cell blocks looking for some- one. PK runs through the corridors. He runs through the kitchens, the empty dining area, the SOUND of the concert chasing after him. He runs through the recreation area and past the boxing room when he hears a THUD, and another.
61) 0) text: The four examiners all sit enthralled by the story. When PK looks up, a tear runs down his cheek. Lewis, who is visibly moved, clears his throat. Another man blows his nose with a handkerchief, covering his emotions.
61) 9) text: of the rectum. PK turns and exits.
63) 0) text: Solly starts the engine as PK and Morrie hop in.
64) 0) text: Maria is sleeping when a hand goes over her mouth.     Sh awakes, startled, to PK, finger to lips.
67) 0) text: The car bounces along the rutted darkened streets of the township. The glow of smoldering cooking fires through open doorways offers minimal illumination to the squalid lives within. Maria peers out at a world she has never seen. As the car drives, women and children gather along the road peering in. Mothers point to PK, instructing their children.
68) 0) text: Nguni leads everyone down the hallway. PK is dressed to fight, hands taped, robe thrown over his shoulders.
70) 0) text: The doors open to an entire soccer field jammed with humanity. A boxing ring is raised in the center. The only lights in the area directly over it. With the twelve witnesses in the lead, the party makes its way through a path in the crowd. An OLD WOMAN with a fly switch, not unlike Inkosikazi's, speaks from the ring. As PK passes the whispers start.
70) 3) text: Onoshobishopi Ingelosi. Shobi shobi Ingelosi. PK looks back at Maria who is a bit unnerved, as are Morrie and Solly. He looks across at Mandoma whose face is a mask looking straight ahead, betraying nothing. The two men climb into the ring and stand in their corners. The Old Woman shuffles over and peers into PK's face. She mutters something inaudible, then turns to the crowd. OLD WOMAN
70) 4) text: Onoshobishobi Ingelosi. The crowd picks up the chant. She waves and the crowd goes silent. Somewhere in the darkness a single voice begins to sing "Nkosi Sikelel I Afrika" -- the African national anthem. The crowd picks it up. PK looks down to the front row where Nguni sits courteously attending to Maria in a seat of honor among the twelve men in suits. The African national anthem finishes. The BELL RINGS three times. The Old Woman is led from the ring. An Indian Referee in all white enters the ring and waves the two fighters forward. REFEREE
70) 5) text: You are listening to me please. When I am shouting break, you must break at once. When a knockdown is coming, it is for an eight count. No heads, no elbows. You fight clean or by golly I am giving you penalty points. Good luck, boys. PK and Mandoma touch gloves and go to their respective corners. PK
70) 9) text: Watch the left hook. Mandoma comes charging across the ring and begins to fire everything in his arsenal at PK, overwhelming him. PK cannot get away from him and takes a series of devastat- ing combinations which end in a left hook to PK's jaw. PK drops like lead. The Referee starts counting. PK shakes his head clear and rises at eight. The Referee checks his gloves. There is a cut under his right eye. REFEREE
70) 10) text: Continue. Again, Mandoma comes charging hard. PK defends himself as best he can, trying to counter. But Mandoma's offense won't allow it. He beats on PK until the round ends. PK sits down in his corner. Morrie works on his eye. PK
70) 12) text: He's going for the quick knockout. He can't keep it up. Soon the truck runs out of gas. PK
70) 13) text: If he catches me again like that I'll run out of gas -- permanently. The BELL SOUNDS. PK is hardly off his stool when Mandoma is on him, pummeling him. PK backpedals, bobs and weaves. Mandoma's punches come fast and furious, each one looking to end the fight. Mandoma gets PK against the ropes and bangs away. PK covers up. Mandoma punishes his arms and kidneys. PK swings back and es- capes. Mandoma pursues him. He catches PK with a body chop and then a chopping left. PK goes down again. The Referee starts to count. The crowd is completely silent. The BELL RINGS. PK returns to his corner, shaking his head, trying to clear it. He flops onto his stool. SOLLY
70) 14) text: He's had it. He's got no strength in his punch. PK
70) 16) text: I'm telling you. PK
70) 23) text: He pokes PK's belly.
70) 25) text: The BELL RINGS. Mandoma comes charging out. PK goes on defense. He hits Mandoma hard to the head. Mandoma whips around and hits him hard. PK spins and hits the canvas. His vision blurs, doubles. The SOUND of a WATERFALL fills his head.
70) 37) text: PK rises.    The crowd goes wild.      The Referee holds fingers.
70) 43) text: Mandoma rushes in for the kill. PK feints and comes up under one of Mandoma's punches, burying a body shot into his gut. Mandoma grunts and backs up. PK pursues him. Mandoma tries to recover. He throws another big punch. PK ducks under it and puts two more hooks into Mandoma's stomach. Mandoma starts to back up for the first time in the fight. PK boxes, jabbing, feinting, pushing Man- doma around the ring, taking control. Mandoma, heading for exhaustion, throws another big punch in desperation. PK hits him with three punches in return. Mandoma swings again with a last desperate effort, and PK buries the Solly Goldman thirteen into every part of his body. PK steps back and with his last punch, puts Mandoma down. The crowd goes silent. The Referee counts Mandoma out. He raises PK's hand. Still, the crowd is silent.
70) 45) text: He and Solly look around at       the somber black faces ering in the shadows of the       ring light. PK looks  d Mandoma in silence. Mandoma        rises unsteadily. He in front of PK, staring into       his eyes, and then he PK's arm above his head.
70) 47) text: The crowd goes wild, chanting, singing over and over as PK and Mandoma stand in center ring, arms raised.
71) 0) text: PK stands with Maria by the tree they use to climb over the wall. In the b.g. Solly and Morrie wait in the car.
73) 0) text: Morrie is sleeping in the back seat.         Solly and PK sitting in the front.
74) 0) text: As PK and Morrie jog toward their dorm a VOICE stops them from behind.
75) 0) text: PK and Morrie open the door and stop cold. Gideon Mandoma sits in a chair facing the door. He rises.
75) 3) text: You speak English? PK is surprised.   Mandoma nods. PK
75) 5) text: Second greatest in this room. PK
75) 7) text: When you say to me, Onoshobishobi Ingelosi means nothing, you are right. And you are wrong. The legend gives the people hope for a good tomorrow. But hope alone will not make a good tomorrow for the people. You cannot write our letters, get us clothes, food, work. These things we must do ourselves, so we can be part of this country's good tomorrow. If we are not, the hope will disappear. The people will grow tired. The tired will grow angry and there will be no good tomorrow for anybody -- black or white. PK
76) 0) text: PK stands in front of a pondering St. John.
76) 8) text: ... sir. St. John regards PK.
77) 0) text: Maria and PK are about to race.    Maria is given a head start of ten yards.
77) 7) text: Get your formal yet? PK grows uncomfortable.
77) 9) text: The dance is only a week away. PK
77) 11) text: (shocked) Why not? PK
77) 13) text: Can't you change it? PK
77) 17) text: Then what could be so important that it takes all your Saturday nights? PK
78) 0) text: On an escarpment high above the dense green rainforest cover, PK and Doc move along the sheer cliff face with photographic equipment and rucksacks. PK notices Doc's labored breathing and slow movements. They reach some small cacti growing out of the side of
78) 2) text: Ach.   You see how beautiful? PK
78) 4) text: Mr. Going-To-Oxford-Smarty-Pants. Of course I know about glycerine. Triglycerine. Biglycerine. Monoglycerine. What do you want to know? PK
78) 6) text: Tongues were not made to put little pills under. When I have to start with that, I become something else. PK
78) 9) text: Look for a cave. Always in this kind of rock there is caves. Quick! Quick! PK starts to move horizontally across the cliff face like a spider on a wall. Doc follows. The rain becomes torrential. PK turns to look back at Doc. DOC
79) 0) text: PK stoops in the small cave, dripping wet. A moment later Doc's foot appears at the entrance. PK helps him in. Doc slumps down, exhausted.
80) 0) text: PK crawls after Doc, making his way through the small tunnel on his stomach.
81) 0) text: PK and a very exhausted Doc enter. Doc sits down heavily on the bed while PK, shrugging off his rucksack, heads right for the small kitchen area.
81) 9) text: The crystal cave will be our secret, ja? PK
82) 0) text: PK and Morrie stick close in the shadows. PK looks at his watch and then twenty feet away to the locked gate.
83) 0) text: The Africans are seated around desks, waiting for Morrie and PK to tell them what to do.
83) 13) text: We're doing alphabet, from the letter 'A.' PK takes up his position with Morrie, ready to check the chalkboards. Maria takes the front of the class.
84) 0) text: The Africans are exiting. Maria, Morrie and PK stand, receiving their heartfelt thanks one by one. Mandoma is the last to leave.
85) 2) text: We made it!   We made it! He thrusts one of the letters at PK. MORRIE
85) 3) text: Sorry. I couldn't bear the suspense after I read mine.   I had to open it. PK looks at his letter. MORRIE
85) 4) text: Three months and we're out of here. PK
85) 6) text: What the hell are you talking about? He snatches PK's letter. MORRIE
85) 7) text: (reading) 'Dear sir. It is our pleasure to inform you that you have been accepted to matriculate at Trinity College, Oxford,' etc., etc., etc. PK
85) 11) text: Good news travels fast. PK
86) 0) text: PK and Morrie enter to a somber St. John.
86) 15) text: Thank you, meneer headmaster. Your cooperation in this matter is very appreciated. Good day. Bretyn goes to exit. PK
86) 21) text: For the moment I'm afraid it is. PK
86) 24) text: History disputes you. PK
86) 26) text: Yes it does. But it is never kind to those who try to hurry it. PK
86) 32) text: Thank you, sir. St. John looks at PK who remains silent. ST. JOHN
86) 33) text: To both of you. PK
86) 35) text: We'll talk before you go. PK
87) 0) text: PK walks down the hall, anger building in his face. exits the hall.
88) 0) text: PK comes up to the main gate.     A GUARD stops him.
89) 0) text: Morrie is asleep.   PK wakes him.
90) 0) text: The campus is swaddled in early morning fog. PK and Morrie stand on the side of the school chapel while a black groundsman opens the door to the basement.
91) 0) text: PK switches on a light switch to a cavernous space cluttered with old desks, blackboards and church pews.
92) 0) text: Mandoma and PK, both with protective equipment on, square off.
92) 7) text: PK throws a combination.
92) 10) text: Mandoma and PK start boxing in earnest, both smiling.
93) 0) text: A watchman makes his rounds. He passes by     Maria's window. When he is gone, PK appears from     behind a tre He taps on the window. Maria comes to the     window and sees him. Her face lights up. She opens      the window.
94) 0) text: Maria points to the door. She puts a record on her phonograph. She turns to PK and embraces him fiercely, holding on tight.
94) 6) text: I want to make love to you, P.K. PK's eyes fill with her words.     She releases him.    T look at each other.
95) 0) text: Maria sleeps peacefully in PK's arms on her small bed. PK lies awake, staring at the ceiling. He rises quietly so as not to wake her. He pulls on his clothes, gently brushes a wisp of hair away from her eyes, kisses her forehead, and exits through the window into the breaking dawn.
96) 0) text: PK and Morrie    stand by a side gate near the athletic field looking    alertly about. The gate  opens. The Africans led    by Mandoma come through.  PK and Morrie greet them.     When they are all through Morrie closes the gate and    runs after them.
101) 0) text: Marais glares at PK, tears of rage in his eyes. PK stands his ground. Marais turns away, back to his daughter's grave. PK stands, tears streaming down his cheeks, as the SINGING ENGULFS the SCENE.
102) 0) text: PK sits at his desk filling out application forms. Morrie enters.   He picks one up off the desk and looks at it.
104) 0) text: PK hikes along, watching the trail. His eyes spot something. He kneels over the remains of a small campsite. PK touches the ashes. His eyes rise to the escarpment soaring above the jungle floor.
105) 0) text: PK climbs along the cliff face.   He drops down into the entrance to the crystal cave.
106) 0) text: PK stands at the bottom of the crystal slab almost dreading what he will find. He resolutely climbs the stalagmites to reach the top. PK's eye level shifts from below the slab to even with it, then to above it. As his sight rises Doc's corpse comes INTO VIEW --
107) 0) text: PK plays the music Doc wrote with only the moonlight illuminating the page. The music is soul-stirring, rich, evocative. Tears run down PK's cheeks. PAN FROM PK THROUGH the CACTUS GARDEN to the FULL MOON illuminating the African veldt as the MUSIC dominates and then FADES into the night.
108) 0) text: The overnight train pulls in.         PK disembarks.
109) 0) text: PK comes down the street. A police car sits in front of the gym. The two cops inside eye PK. He eyes them back and enters the building.
110) 0) text: The gym is empty. PK enters and is stopped by the uncustomary silence.
110) 5) text: A repeat performance of history, my boy. Solly Goldman's being deported. Of course last time I didn't have the luxury of being able to pack. PK
110) 7) text: Their reason is that I'm here illegal. I didn't enter the country with a passport. Like the Czar was issuing passports to Russian Jews in 1910. PK
110) 9) text: No, boychick. This is because of them. They are the problem, not you. Don't ever think different. You look tired. Want a glass tea? PK
110) 10) text: No, no.   I have to get back to school. Solly opens his arms.   PK hugs him. SOLLY
110) 11) text: You got your head screwed on right. Don't let these meshuganahs screw it on wrong. Now go on. You want to find me, look at Benny Rosen's gym in East End, London. PK
110) 13) text: We're not finished yet. PK smiles and exits. Solly waits for a moment, then goes back to packing.
111) 0) text: PK comes up to the school gates. He notices two plain- clothes police cars just across the road. PK enters with a growing sense of uneasiness.
112) 0) text: PK hurries down the hall to his room. He opens the door to Daniel Marais, sitting at his desk, reading from his fiction-filled notebook.
112) 14) text: PK exits the room. Morrie chases after him.
112) 16) text: He grabs PK, stopping him.
112) 18) text: Morrie's grip releases. PK walks out.
113) 0) text: Hundreds upon hundreds of black laborers and white mine workers descend into the mines. A milling mass of disenfranchised humanity come to work the underground hell of the copper mines. PK exits the management shack and walks through the crowd.
115) 0) text: A crude place where the bar runs the back length of the room and the bare concrete surroundings offer nothing in the way of diversion from the main purpose of being there -- to drink hard and long. THOMAS, a harsh, ruddy-faced Welshman, the School of Mines instructor, downs a drink, pours another and looks up at PK.
115) 11) text: One double brandy. One... (derisive) lemon soda. He puts the lemon soda in front of PK.
115) 13) text: On being the best damned blaster ever taught by Ian Thomas. Cheers. Thomas and PK clink glasses.     Thomas knocks his shot b
115) 15) text: Sure you don't want one? PK
116) 0) text: Pk is watching a rugby match being played at twilight. The players are a rough, brutal bunch and play their
118) 0) text: A TCHAIKOVSKY SYMPHONY plays on a rickety   OLD RECORD PLAYER. PK works out on a speed bag and    a heavy bag he has hung in the room while Rasputin, the   giant Russian, sits next to the record player, finishes   drinking a bottle of brandy, tears running down his   face as he fol lows the symphony. When he finishes the    bottle he take another one out of a case sitting by his   side and begin to drink anew.
119) 0) text: PK inspects his nightly quota of gelignite charges and fuses. Five Africans, all serious faces, keep their eyes firmly on PK.
121) 0) text: PK and his crew make their way through a narrow tunnel and come to the grizzly. It is dark. The only light comes from the lamps attached to their helmets. Boulders litter the bars. PK and Elijah are onto the bars first.   Their light beams move along across the boulders.
121) 14) text: and in the moment before you are turned into something else by fifty tons of rock you understand why it is called grizzly. PK finishes setting the charge. He scales down the wall. A large rock is expelled from the hangup and comes bouncing down the sides to the funnel, just missing PK, crashing through the bars below. PK freezes. Elijah holds his breath.   The crew in the safty tunnel quakes. Nothing happens. PK comes down the rest of the way. He takes the cordtex rope dangling from the bomb and inserts a fuse. He nods to Elijah. Elijah lights a cheesa stick. He hands the glowing stick to PK. PK waves towards the tunnel. One of the Africans sounds the WARNING WHISTLE. Two blasts followed by two blasts. PK nods for Elijah to be off. Elijah stands his ground.
122) 0) text: PK and Rasputin play a game of chess as TCHAIKOVSKY plays in the background. There is a KNOCK on the DOOR.
122) 16) text: The shorter your time, the higher they go. With you probably ten, twelve, thirteen to one when you're short a month. PK
122) 18) text: I did not come here to solicit your bet. PK
122) 22) text: You should let him win once in a while. PK
122) 23) text: When he wins it won't be because I let him. Rasputin says something in Russian as he moves a piece, excited to have taken one of PK's pieces. PK turns and checkmates him.
123) 0) text: The elevator descends into the shaft. PK and his crew exit. There is a low sound of a blast, muffled, that stops them all.
124) 0) text: PK steps out onto the bars with Elijah and examines the debris.
124) 2) text: Baas. There is a tremor of fear in his voice.   PK follows Elijah's face upwards to a hangup.
124) 21) text: She's playing with us tonight. Fuse set? Elijah nods. PK holds his hand out for the cheesa stick. Elijah lights the flare. He goes to hand it to PK. PK notices Elijah's hands shaking. He sees the fear in Elijah's eyes. PK
124) 23) text: I stay with you, baas. PK
124) 24) text: That's an order. Elijah, released from his responsibility, retreats quickly. PK stands holding the flare, a little distracted by Elijah's fear, wondering. Elijah sounds the BLAST WHISTLE. PK
124) 25) text: One... two... three. A MUFFLED BLAST comes from the other side of the hangup deep in the stope. PK freezes, confused, and then a SECOND BLAST goes off. The hangups starts to give. And ANOTHER BLAST. PK lights his own fuse and runs like hell over the bars toward the tunnel. The hangup, loosened by the explosions inside, gives before PK's bomb ignites. The rock is crashing down. PK races the rock. The tunnel is within sight. The men yell for him to jump. PK is about to leap when a rock hits the bar, bounces up, and catches him in the stomach. He  loses his balance and goes over the side as the hangup comes crashing down. PK hits the wall of the lower funnel -- once, twice -- and then lands in the soft stuff -- the shale flake, cushioning the steel doors below.
124) 27) text: against the wall of rock. A rock ledge carelessly left when the funnel was originally built. PK rolls under it. A moment later fifty tons of ore in large chunks and small chunks and dust comes crashing down, burying PK. He lays there, semiconscious, buried but alive.
134) 2) text: Well, look at ya now, boyo. Up and at 'em in no time. And rich as a fuckin' lord. He tosses a fat wad of cash on PK's bed. PK
134) 4) text: Your ticket to ride. Two hundred quid at fourteen to one. PK
134) 6) text: Not according to managment. They cashed you out at twelve months for eleven worked. Last thirty days was bonus. And until someone shows me a calendar reads different, twelve months and a year are one and the same kind of thing. And the bet was for a year. So get yourself mended and get your ass out of here. PK
134) 8) text: What do you want to go pressin' it for? You're rich, lad. You're whole. Why do you want to go pressin' it? PK
135) 0) text: PK walks to the seamy metal gate dressed, healed. Rasputin, his hands still bandaged, walks alongside of him. Rasputin is concerned.
136) 0) text: PK walks through the huts of the drillers, massive to a man. Most of them are coming off shift. Some of them rub their temples, trying to soothe the pain of the powder. PK comes to one hut.     He knocks.   No answer.   He kno again. A DRILLER comes by.
138) 0) text: In the murky light one hulking figure sits at the bar, drinking shot after shot of whiskey. PK enters and walks across the room to the massive man.
138) 13) text: You ruined the country, all you rooineks. You come and ruin the country. He rushes PK again.     Again PK sidesteps. PK
138) 19) text: PK's eyes going blank.
140) 0) text: The crowd goes silent as PK emerges. The crowd parts. PK, looking neither right nor left, begins to walk away.