16) 17) dialog: You both know the rules.     No butts, no elbows, no low    blows. First man to score three    knock downs wins. Let's have     a good clean fight. Good luck     to you. The fighters slap leather. PK turns back to his corner when his focus is broken dramatically by a face in the crowd.
16) 31) dialog: Okay.   Fight. Jannie comes rushing in, banging PK with a series of hard rights, but dropping his left each time he throws one. PK absorbs the punishment as best he can, backing up, dancing away. Jannie is all over him just as the BELL RINGS. Jannie goes back to his corner, triumphant. PK goes back to his and sits down with a blank ex- pression. Morrie goes to work on a small cut over his eye.
70) 4) text: Onoshobishobi Ingelosi. The crowd picks up the chant. She waves and the crowd goes silent. Somewhere in the darkness a single voice begins to sing "Nkosi Sikelel I Afrika" -- the African national anthem. The crowd picks it up. PK looks down to the front row where Nguni sits courteously attending to Maria in a seat of honor among the twelve men in suits. The African national anthem finishes. The BELL RINGS three times. The Old Woman is led from the ring. An Indian Referee in all white enters the ring and waves the two fighters forward. REFEREE
70) 9) text: Watch the left hook. Mandoma comes charging across the ring and begins to fire everything in his arsenal at PK, overwhelming him. PK cannot get away from him and takes a series of devastat- ing combinations which end in a left hook to PK's jaw. PK drops like lead. The Referee starts counting. PK shakes his head clear and rises at eight. The Referee checks his gloves. There is a cut under his right eye. REFEREE
70) 13) text: If he catches me again like that I'll run out of gas -- permanently. The BELL SOUNDS. PK is hardly off his stool when Mandoma is on him, pummeling him. PK backpedals, bobs and weaves. Mandoma's punches come fast and furious, each one looking to end the fight. Mandoma gets PK against the ropes and bangs away. PK covers up. Mandoma punishes his arms and kidneys. PK swings back and es- capes. Mandoma pursues him. He catches PK with a body chop and then a chopping left. PK goes down again. The Referee starts to count. The crowd is completely silent. The BELL RINGS. PK returns to his corner, shaking his head, trying to clear it. He flops onto his stool. SOLLY
70) 29) dialog: 
70) 30) dialog: Three... four... five...
70) 35) dialog: 
70) 36) dialog: ... seven... eight... nine...
70) 37) text: PK rises.    The crowd goes wild.      The Referee holds fingers.
70) 38) dialog: How many fingers?
70) 40) dialog: Where are you?
70) 42) dialog: Okay.   Continue.
70) 43) text: Mandoma rushes in for the kill. PK feints and comes up under one of Mandoma's punches, burying a body shot into his gut. Mandoma grunts and backs up. PK pursues him. Mandoma tries to recover. He throws another big punch. PK ducks under it and puts two more hooks into Mandoma's stomach. Mandoma starts to back up for the first time in the fight. PK boxes, jabbing, feinting, pushing Man- doma around the ring, taking control. Mandoma, heading for exhaustion, throws another big punch in desperation. PK hits him with three punches in return. Mandoma swings again with a last desperate effort, and PK buries the Solly Goldman thirteen into every part of his body. PK steps back and with his last punch, puts Mandoma down. The crowd goes silent. The Referee counts Mandoma out. He raises PK's hand. Still, the crowd is silent.