34) 0) text: The STAR MAN, still in his life-support suit, looks surre in the twilight world under the canopy of firs. The morni rain has gone. A hum of traffic pulls him across the hill a stand of alders that border the forest. Through the lea he can see a highway entering the sprawl of Eau Claire,  Wisconsin. The cars and trucks zipping along the asphalt of particular interest to him. When he has absorbed them he walks through the trees to g a better look at the town. On the wind he can hear shouts from students boarding a line of yellow buses in front of grade school off to his right. Suburban houses have begun snuggle up to the base of the hill he is on. Keeping to the tree line well above them he continues his search for an avenue of escape. His head swivels to watch Volvo station wagon come down the street. It swings into driveway of the house directly below him and stops next t Mustang Hatchback. The back door opens and JENNY HAYDN, a pretty girl in her mid-twenties, gets out carrying a crud lettered be-ribboned sign 'Welcome Back, Mrs. Haydn.' Fem voices drift up to the STAR MAN from inside the car.
35) 1) dialog: I hope so... We'll see... See you  tomorrow... Bye. Bye.
35) 3) text: Jenny laughs and waves. With the Volvo moving away up the street Jenny picks her newspaper off her walk and goes in the house.
37) 0) text: The sun is setting over suburban Eau Claire. The colors a reflected in the STAR MAN's faceplate as he watches Jenny push a hand mower over her back yard. He takes a dusty gray marble out of a leg pocket and whil Jenny finishes the lawn he rolls it between his gloves. I turns a glowing gold as it grows in size. When it reaches the dimensions of a baseball, he brings it close to his  faceplate and speaks into it.
37) 2) text: He opens his hands and the ball rises quickly into the sk Jenny is dumping the grass clippings into a garbage can a the side of the house when the sudden motion of the messa ball catches her eye and she watches it quizzically until disappears.
40) 0) text: We are looking through the living room window at Jenny  watching television while she irons the clothes she plans wear to work tomorrow. The STAR MAN stands just outside t light-fall in the back yard watching her. A commercial interrupts the old movie with a jolly fat MA in a jumpsuit touting his used cars. The two words 'We  have...' are repeated constantly during the pitch. 'We ha automatics... We have sticks... We have colors... We have financing...' ... We move in close on the STAR MAN'S faceplate.
40) 2) text: Jenny finishes the skirt, unplugs the iron, picks up the  clothes, shuts off the television, the light and heads  upstairs. Half way up she stops.
40) 3) dialog: (faint through the  glass) Damn!
40) 4) text: She turns around and looks down indecisively, then hurrie upstairs. A light goes on in the bedroom. The STAR MAN ba away to look up at it. He can't see anything. He is on hi way to try and get in the side door when Jenny comes clum down the stairs in an old sweatshirt and pulling on a pai of jeans. She disappears into the kitchen. Without warnin the door ahead of him is swung open and Jenny rushes out. The STAR MAN barely has time to step into the shadows. Je grabs the handle of one of the garbage cans lined against the house and drags it down to the street. When she comes back for the second one we see that the STAR MAN is no lo in the shadows.
41) 0) text: Jenny comes in and locks the door. She passes through the kitchen and is on her way to the stairs when the STAR MAN steps out of the darkness in the living room. A scream ca in Jenny's throat.
41) 2) text: Jenny bolts for the front door. At the end of the hallway her foot catches in a phone cord pulling the phone off an end table. The receiver is jarred out of its cradle. Jenn regains her balance and gets to the door ahead of the STA MAN. She jerks it open, but the guard chain stops it thre inches from the jamb. Frantically, she tries again but th chain holds. The STAR MAN slams the door shut and reaches out to grab  her. She flails back at him. One of her hands strikes the panel on his chest and the identification light comes on  inside his helmet. At the sight of the STAR MAN, Jenny be to scream. He presses her back against the wall and puts mittened hand over her mouth.
41) 4) text: Jenny ceases her struggle and begins to cry. The STAR MAN takes his hand away from her mouth.
41) 5) dialog: Please don't hurt me... please...  please.
41) 6) text: Holding her with his eyes he grasps one of Jenny's hands lifts it up to look at it. He raises a piece of skin off her wrist, rolls it between his thumb and forefinger. Jenny lets out a blood-curdling scream and strikes out at him. Flashes of light erupt off his exposed chest where s hits. The ferocity of her attack knocks him aside and she sprints up the stairs. The STAR MAN recovers and starts after her.
42) 0) text: Jenny gets there two steps ahead of the STAR MAN. She sla the door in his face and locks it. With him POUNDING ON T OUTSIDE, Jenny throws open the closet and begins rummagin madly through the side pockets of her jackets and coats. The POUNDING STOPS. It takes her a moment to hear the sil When she does, she whirls toward the door expecting the w but it remains closed. She waits. All she can hear is the sound of the rain. She intensifies her search.
42) 1) dialog: (hysteria creeping  into her voice) It's got to be here... it's got to  be here...
42) 2) text: She finds it in the pocket of a down jacket. The Army iss .45 looks big in her hand. She releases the safety and, w a wary eye on the door, reaches for the phone on the nigh table next to the bed. Long before the receiver gets to her ear, she can hear th "BLEET" caused by the PHONE BEING OFF THE HOOK for so lon in the living room. She hangs up and walks around the bed sit on the corner facing the door. In the distance, we ca HEAR the THUMP OF AN APPROACHING HELICOPTER. After a mome indecision, Jenny gets up and releases the lock. Again sh waits. Nothing happens. With the gun ready, she turns the knob a opens the door a crack. The hallway is empty. She kicks o her shoes and lets herself out of the bedroom.
43) 0) text: Jenny creeps toward the stairs in her stockinged feet. Sh looks in the bathroom. The STAR MAN isn't there. She deci to go downstairs.
44) 0) text: The STAR MAN isn't in the living room. Jenny sidles along the wall for the front door. At the archway to the den a  hissing sound stops her. She peers around the molding. Th spill from the stairwell light provides the only illumina The STAR MAN is sitting on the edge of a chair with his b to her. He is naked. A dot of light is HISSING around his head. The shadows in the room make it difficult for Jenny tell exactly what is going on. Pointing the .45 at the STAR MAN, she steps into the room for a better look. The floor creaks and the STAR MAN turn to her. Jenny shudders at what she sees. The STAR MAN is  holding an 8x10 color photograph of Jenny and a man in hi mid-twenties standing on a beach in their bathing suits. The dot of light is copying the man's features onto the S MAN'S translucent head. The top two-thirds of the face is already done. Everything is perfect, even the eyes. Jenny begins to tremble and lowers the gun.
44) 1) dialog: (in a small voice) No... please don't...
48) 0) text: Jenny, sitting on the floor with her arms wrapped around knees, is reflected in a mirror fastened to the back of t closet door. The STAR MAN edges around the door to look a himself in the glass. In baggy tan cords, a windbreaker a a plaid shirt, buttoned all the way to the neck and a but in the wrong hole halfway down the front, he looks like a innocent abroad. He notices the shirt is askew across his chest and, with his new hands, awkwardly resets the butto He looks himself over. His movements resemble a human's b are noticeably more precise. The clothes seem right so he leans into the mirror to ins his face. He squeezes the skin on his cheeks, examines hi eyes, turns his head as far as he can to inspect the side of his face, folds his ears forward to check the skin beh them and he even gives a good two-fisted tug to his hair see if it is on securely. He turns from the mirror and goes over to where the .45 a a leg pouch from his life-support suit are lying on the b next to a snapshot of the man whose identity he has taken In the picture the man is dressed exactly as the STAR MAN now. The STAR MAN picks up the gun and the pouch and, spe to Jenny in his own language, steps to the door and motio for her to follow. Jenny consciously ignores him. The STA MAN comes over, reaches down and grabs her arm to pull he to her feet. Jenny squirms back, but he holds her tight. looks at the hand, almost touches it, then up at the fami yet disturbingly unfamiliar face above her.
48) 2) dialog: Don't... don't do this... please...
48) 3) text: The STAR MAN gets her to her feet and hustles her out of room. On the dresser is Jenny's wedding picture. The man STAR MAN has become is her husband.
49) 0) text: The STAR MAN pulls Jenny down the stairs.
49) 1) dialog: (struggles to free  herself) You're hurting me. Stop.
49) 2) text: The STAR MAN guides her into the entryway and reaches for the front door. Realizing his intentions, Jenny increases her struggle and manages to pull away.
49) 3) dialog: Oh, God, no! I'm not leaving this  house with you. You're going to hurt  me, I know...
49) 4) text: The STAR MAN looks intently at her, then opens the front  door. He taps his chest, points to Jenny and motions to t dawn outside.
49) 5) dialog: (through tears) I can't. I'd like to help. You look  like Scott, but I know you're not. I  don't know what you are. You gotta  understand, I'm afraid of you...
49) 6) text: As Jenny backs into the living room, the STAR MAN closes door. He raises the gun, examines it quickly, then with h finger around the trigger, points it at Jenny.
49) 8) dialog: Why are you doing this to me? I'll  give you whatever...
49) 9) text: The STAR MAN swings the muzzle sights across Jenny's body and FIRES. A FLOOR VASE EXPLODES. Jenny turns to look at remains, then back to the STAR MAN.
50) 0) text: The Mustang is backing out of the driveway with Jenny beh the wheel and the STAR MAN perched nervously on the passe seat.
51) 0) text: Wary of what will happen next, the STAR MAN watches Jenny move the gear selector to the drive position. The car jerks forward and he grabs the dashboard to keep  from toppling back in the seat. During the ride up the block, his head swivels from side side trying to take in as much of the darkened urban land as he can. When the car stops at a 'stop' sign, he looks Jenny questioningly.
51) 2) dialog: Which way do you want to go?
51) 3) text: She motions ahead and he turns to look at an inter-sectio with streets running in three directions off of it. His e question Jenny again.
51) 4) dialog: You can go that way... (points left) That way... (straight ahead) That way...
51) 5) text: She points right. After another look at Jenny, the STAR M presses the palms of his hands together, concentrates bri then slowly draws them apart. The force field appears bet them. On it the solarized view of the United States rotat until the red destination dot is on his right. He drops h hands and points to the right.
51) 8) dialog: (staring incredulously  at the compass) God, what are you?
51) 9) text: She starts her right turn without looking left and fails see a little MG approaching from that direction. The WAIL THE AIR HORN startles Jenny and reflexively she slams on brakes. The Mustang stalls and the MG squeals around them. Jenny  checks the STAR MAN. He has pressed himself against the  passenger door. The gun lies on the seat next to him. The both look at it. The STAR MAN recovers and picks it up.
51) 10) dialog: (starting the engine) I'm sorry...
51) 11) text: This time when Jenny puts the car into drive, the STAR MA is ready for the acceleration. The car completes the turn and the compass rotates to its new heading. Looking at it from this angle, Jenny suddenly recognizes it for what it is: an aerial view of the United States.
51) 12) dialog: That green dot, that's us, isn't  it... and the red's where you want  to go?... You don't understand me,  do you?
51) 14) dialog: (to herself) I gotta get out of here.
53) 0) text: The STAR MAN is watching Jenny drive. A set of headlights rushes TOWARD US in the other lane. Jenny twists around t follow the car as it goes by and we SEE the desperation o her face. When she returns her attention to the road, she sneaks a  glance at the STAR MAN to see if her action has given awa her state of mind. His expression hasn't changed. Jenny t a deep breath and lets it out slowly. Uttering a phrase i his own language, the STAR MAN touches the steering wheel
53) 1) dialog: (startled) What?
53) 4) dialog: (realizing her mistake) Ah... no...
53) 6) text: He points to the dashboard. Jenny senses there is going t be a great deal of misunderstanding if she uses more word She shakes her head 'no' and touches the steering wheel.
53) 7) dialog: (enunciates) Steering wheel...
53) 9) text: Jenny shakes her head 'no.'
53) 10) dialog: Steering wheel.
53) 12) dialog: (points to the gear  shift) Gear shift.
53) 14) dialog: (slaps the dashboard) Dashboard.
53) 16) text: Jenny sees a police car creeping across the intersection  ahead of her and interrupts the lesson to stare at it. Th STAR MAN looks to where she is looking.
53) 18) dialog: Eh... police.
53) 20) text: He raises the gun off his lap. Jenny tries to distract hi
53) 21) dialog: (raps on the steering  wheel) What?...
53) 23) dialog: Steering wheel... (she points to the  gear shift) What?
53) 24) text: The STAR MAN is intent on the police car. Jenny gives up  trying to distract him. The patrol car passes out of thei view. The STAR MAN lowers the gun and looks at Jenny.
53) 26) dialog: (this frightens Jenny  even more) Good.
54) 1) dialog: Which way?
55) 0) text: While the STAR MAN picks through the contents of the glov compartment, Jenny looks for a way to escape. An all-nigh laundromat is a possibility, but it's deserted. The STAR finds the switch on a flash-light and flicks it on and of
55) 2) dialog: (distant) Flashlight.
55) 5) dialog: Coupons.
55) 6) text: Jenny sees a set of headlights turn into the oncoming lan She slides her eyes toward the STAR MAN. He is busy looki through the Coupons. Jenny measures the distance between Mustang and the oncoming lights. The STAR MAN holds up on of the Coupons and points to a picture of the product.
55) 8) dialog: (curt) Pancakes.
55) 12) text: Jenny doesn't answer. The distance between the two vehicl is narrowing rapidly.
55) 14) text: Jenny sets her jaw and wrenches the steering wheel violen to the left.
57) 0) text: The STAR MAN sucks himself back in terror as the van desc on him. It swings past his window and clips the rear fend of the Mustang. Both vehicles shudder to a stop. Jenny cl at her door. It swings open. She is halfway out before th STAR MAN manages to grab the tail of her sweatshirt. Jenn begins to scream at the top of her lungs and keeps it up  while he tries to wrestle her down on the seat.
58) 3) dialog: (screaming) Help me!!
58) 5) dialog: (battling to maintain  her grip on the door  frame) He's kidnapping me!!!
58) 8) dialog: Call the police!!
58) 10) text: The STAR MAN increases his efforts and Jenny loses her gr on one of the door frames.
58) 11) dialog: Help me!!!
58) 13) text: The STAR MAN frees his right hand and blindly searches th floor for the gun. He comes up with it and, shoving the b in the Man's face, barks a harsh command in his language. The Man freezes and Jenny stops struggling. It's suddenly very quiet on the street.
58) 15) dialog: He doesn't understand... just walk  away...
58) 18) text: He keeps his eyes on the STAR MAN until he reaches the ba of the Mustang, steals a quick look at the license plate, then blots for his van. The STAR MAN takes his hand off  Jenny's mouth and slams her back into her seat. Uttering expletive in his language he points the gun in her face a keeping it there indicates the red dot on the satel compa floating undisturbed above the dashboard.
60) 1) dialog: Could you put the gun down?
60) 3) dialog: Gun... Down... Down.
60) 5) dialog: Thank you.
64) 5) text: Throughout the above, Shermin has noticed a WOMAN in the  house next door peeping through her blinds at the activit around Jenny's. She closes the drapes suddenly when she  realizes Shermin has spotted her.
66) 0) text: Jenny's Mustang is sailing through the beautiful Wisconsi farmland.
67) 6) text: He looks to Jenny for confirmation. She nods absently. He returns to the alphabet.
67) 8) text: He forms both the upper and lower case 'X-x' and shows th to Jenny.
67) 10) dialog: (knows what's coming) X...
67) 12) dialog: What's so funny about X?
67) 13) text: The STAR MAN laughs harder. Jenny watches him warily. He  starts to hiccup. He is unable to control it through the  laughter.
69) 0) text: Jenny's Mustang moves along through the traffic.
70) 2) text: We pull back as he holds the ten up to Jenny.
70) 3) dialog: Money.
70) 6) dialog: Money.
70) 7) text: Confused, the STAR MAN puts the money back into Jenny's w and reads the first card through its plastic window.
70) 9) dialog: (shaking her head  'no,' exhausted) We're going to have to stop for gas  soon.
70) 10) text: Under the license is a picture of Jenny smiling broadly. STAR MAN looks at Jenny, back at the picture, then imitat the smile for Jenny.
70) 12) dialog: Smile.
70) 14) dialog: Yes.
70) 17) dialog: Minneapolis.
70) 19) dialog: What are you doing?
70) 21) dialog: ...What's that?
70) 24) dialog: You're full of tricks, aren't you?
70) 26) dialog: (taps the fuel gauge) We need gas.
70) 27) text: The STAR MAN looks at the gauge. Jenny scrunches against door to avoid contact with him.
70) 28) dialog: No gas.
70) 30) dialog: This car runs on gas.
70) 32) dialog: Gas...
70) 34) dialog: No gas.
71) 1) dialog: 
71) 4) dialog: 
71) 7) dialog: 
71) 10) dialog: 
72) 1) dialog: No gas... car dead. (her head lolls forward  on her chest) We need gas. I don't want to get  shot for running out of gas.
72) 3) dialog: Yes. Very good.
73) 0) text: We are LOOKING DOWN Jenny's arm AT a gas station just off Interstate 169 in the Minneapolis suburbs.
73) 1) dialog: Gas...
73) 2) text: The STAR MAN contemplates the station as they pass it, th turns to Jenny, puzzled:
73) 4) dialog: It's closed... closed. We need one  that's open.
73) 6) dialog: You'll see.
73) 7) text: There are no more gas stations in sight. The STAR MAN bec bored with the silence. He picks up Jenny's wallet. The  driver's license is familiar so he flips to the next wind In it is a picture of an older man and woman standing in  front of a church.
73) 9) dialog: (snaps) Not what. Who. What is for things. (touching the steering  wheel, dashboard,  seat, gear shift) What? What? What? What? For people  you use who. Who is he? (points to the man in  the picture) Who is she? (points to the woman) Who are you? (points to the STAR 
73) 13) dialog: I am Jenny Haydn.
73) 15) text: Jenny nods.
73) 16) dialog: Who are you?
73) 19) dialog: That's a big help. Where are you  from?
73) 21) dialog: (leans forward and  points through the  windshield at the  sky) Are you from up there? Space?
73) 23) dialog: Up there... I... eh... can't  explain... (leans back) But that's the only place you could  be from.
73) 26) dialog: (shakes her head 'no') Closed.
73) 29) dialog: I know.
73) 32) dialog: My... husband.
73) 34) dialog: No. I don't know what you are, but  you're not Scott.
73) 35) text: Silence. The STAR MAN catches her mood. A tear rolls down Jenny's cheek.
73) 36) dialog: (brushes it away  angrily) Shit.
73) 38) dialog: No, no... don't say that. Bad word.
73) 40) dialog: (screams) Stop!! Enough!! Jesus! You're worse  than a parrot!!
73) 42) dialog: Mouth closed... closed.
73) 43) text: The STAR MAN does as he is told. He doesn't like it, but does it. With his lips puckered, he looks straight down t road. The car rises out of a gulley. Topping a knoll stra ahead is a gas station with an enormous Exxon sign revolv above it. With his lips firmly pressed together, he tugs  Jenny's sleeve and points.
73) 44) dialog: I see it.
75) 2) dialog: Attendant. He'll give us gas. Put  the gun down. Under the seat. Under  the seat...
75) 4) dialog: Oh God! You're going to get us both  killed. Okay... in your pocket...
75) 6) dialog: In your pocket... pocket...
75) 7) text: Jenny eases in next to the pumps and stops. The Attendant already coming around the front of the car.
75) 8) dialog: In your pocket, please...
75) 10) dialog: Okay.
75) 13) text: The STAR MAN looks at Jenny for help. She sweeps her fing across her mouth to indicate her lips are sealed. The STA MAN peeks around her at the Attendant.
75) 16) text: He leaves the window. The STAR MAN watches him until the  nozzle is in the Mustang, then pleased with himself, turn to Jenny and lifts his face into a 'smile.'
75) 17) dialog: I'm going to the ladies' room. You  stay here.
76) 0) text: Jenny gets out of the car. When she straightens up, she f the STAR MAN staring at her over the roof. She slams the  door and strides rapidly in the direction of the ladies'  room. Stuffing the green pouch in his pocket, the STAR MA trots after her.
76) 1) dialog: (wheels on him as he  catches up) Go back to the car.
76) 2) text: The STAR MAN looks at her but doesn't move. Jenny snarls frustration, then with the STAR MAN on her heels, stalks the ladies' room and throws open the door.
77) 0) text: The STAR MAN follows Jenny inside.
77) 1) dialog: See. It's a bathroom. I'm not trying  to escape. I just have to go to the  bathroom.
77) 3) dialog: Satisfied? Now get out. Out.
77) 5) text: Furious, Jenny steps around him and opens the door. She p to the sign on it.
77) 6) dialog: Women... me.
78) 0) text: Jenny points to the sign on the next door.
78) 1) dialog: Men. You go in here.
78) 3) dialog: Come on.
78) 4) text: He takes the door from her and pushes it open for a look  inside. Jenny ducks into the ladies' room. He is confused for a moment then takes a long look at the men's room. It means nothing to him. He backs out and tries the ladies'  room. It is locked. Not knowing what to do, the STAR MAN  stands uncomfortably in front of the door, then like a ch waiting for his mother, he sits on the curb. He watches t Attendant lift the Mustang's hood and reach in for the  dipstick. The numbers on the pumps turn over, adding up t gallons and the cost of the gas. Everything is peaceful and quiet within the circle of lig cast by the gas station. The STAR MAN pulls the camera di out of his pocket and points it at the pumps. The cone of light flashes out and pulls back its three-dimensional im The Attendant turns around and waves genially at the STAR MAN, who waves back a perfect imitation of the gesture. The SHARP RUMBLE of a SOUPED-UP HONDA MOTORCYCLE coming u the off-ramp shatters the mood and the STAR MAN gets to h feet. He is startled by the image of the RIDER. In a one piece  driving skin and helmet he looks amazingly like a space  traveller. The STAR MAN steps cautiously forward for a be look and mutters something to himself in his language. Th rider stops his bike at the second row of pumps and swing himself stiffly out of the seat.
79) 0) text: Jenny is bent over the sink dabbing nail polish around th corners of a paper towel. Her head snaps around to look a the doorknob. It holds.
79) 1) dialog: Just a minute.
80) 4) text: The rider enters the men's room. As the door closes behin him, the STAR MAN's face falls and he knocks frantically the ladies' room door. Jenny opens it under his knuckles. blocks the doorway and she backs up as he steps inside.
81) 0) text: The STAR MAN looks around. Jenny's eyes widen at what is  happening behind him. The pneumatic arm above the door is pulling it shut to reveal her paper towel pasted to the b The message on it, written in red lipstick, reads: KIDNAP GOING W ON 169 JADE MUS. LIC#PXV237.
81) 1) dialog: (stepping around him) It's still a toilet. Hasn't become a  ballroom.
81) 4) text: Jenny realizes he doesn't know what it means.
81) 5) dialog: (on her way out) That's very good.
82) 0) text: A CAN of Coke CLATTERS DOWN the chute of a drink dispense Jenny picks it up and, with the STAR MAN hovering at her  shoulder, moves on to the candy machine. He watches a qua disappear into the slot and when Jenny picks another one of her purse, he points to it.
82) 2) dialog: Yes.
82) 5) dialog: Candy.
82) 9) dialog: Here.
82) 14) text: Jenny pops the top on the Coke can and on the way to the takes a sip.
82) 16) dialog: A drink.
82) 18) dialog: You want to try it?
82) 20) dialog: This stuff could kill... (changes her mind and  smiles) Be my guest.
82) 23) text: He hands the can back to Jenny. She looks at it and knows there are alien bacteria there her body would not like to meet.
82) 24) dialog: Eh... you keep it. I've had enough.
82) 25) text: The STAR MAN takes another drink. He stops dead when he l the can. Jenny continues for a few steps before she reali he isn't with her. She looks back over her shoulder. Her  eyes go immediately to where he is looking. The license p PXV 237 hangs like an accusation on the front bumper of t Mustang. Jenny decides to brazen it out.
82) 26) dialog: What's the matter?
83) 0) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN ride along in tight-lipped silence
83) 2) text: Jenny ignores him.
83) 6) text: Jenny can't take it anymore and screams back at him throu tears.
83) 7) dialog: Kidnapped is what you're doing to me  now!!! Kidnapped is pointing a gun  at me and taking me from my house!  Kidnapped is changing yourself into  my husband. I don't know what you  are and I don't care. I just want to  get away from you!
83) 8) text: Jenny's outburst rocks the STAR MAN back into silence. He waits for her to calm down, then slowly takes the gun out his pocket.
84) 0) text: Jenny speeds up to pass a truckload of horses.
84) 3) dialog: (finally) Horses.
84) 5) text: Jenny TURNS ON the RADIO and finds a COUNTRY AND WESTERN  STATION.
84) 7) dialog: Music.
84) 9) dialog: (alarmed) What are you doing?!
84) 12) text: The STAR MAN opens his hands and, to Jenny's astonishment the ball rises quickly and seeps through her roof without leaving a trace.
87) 0) text: The flow of traffic on the Interstate below is being fed  into the six television screens from infrared cameras on belly of the craft. The image on the screen under the mas begins to move and ends in a close-up of a green Mustang. It's not Jenny's. With a buzz the red dot appears and Fox face interrupts the view of the Mustang.
88) 0) text: Jenny's Mustang is barreling along well over the speed li As it PASSES US, we PAN WITH it TO a sign: SLOW FOR  INTERSECTION.
90) 0) text: The STAR MAN is driving. It is obvious that he doesn't se the red light facing him. But Jenny does. And she also se the trucks closing in from either side.
90) 1) dialog: (loud) Red light!
90) 3) dialog: (screams) Stop!!!
91) 0) text: It is as if all three vehicles have heard Jenny. They sla on their brakes at the same time and begin to skid toward each other. It's going to be close.
92) 0) text: The prows of the trucks loom over Jenny and the STAR MAN  and, for a fleeting instant, it looks like they will join the bugs imbedded in the radiators.
94) 1) dialog: That was a red light!! I told you  you have to stop at a red light!!
94) 3) dialog: You didn't even see it.
94) 6) dialog: You better.
96) 0) text: Jenny watches the STAR MAN calmly turn on the wipers and washer and clean the windshield. The light above the  intersection ahead turns red and, even though he is still fiddling with the wipers, the STAR MAN manages a smooth s back of the crosswalk.
96) 1) dialog: (indicating the red  dot on the satel  compass) Why are you going here? What is here?
96) 4) dialog: (at the red dot again) When do you have to be here?
96) 6) dialog: (rubs her temples and  laments to herself) How will I do this one?...
96) 8) dialog: (pointing to the sun) Sun...
96) 10) dialog: Sun... day. No sun... night. You  understand?
96) 12) dialog: How many days and nights do you have  to go... (prods the red dot) ...here?
96) 14) dialog: That's not much time. I'll just slow  you down. I have to sleep. I'm very  tired. And I have to wash and eat.  You don't...
96) 16) dialog: I won't tell anybody if that's what  you're worried about. I promise.  You'll keep...
96) 18) dialog: You'll keep the car. I'll take a  bus... (an awful possibility  occurs to her) Am I going up there with you... in  your ship... up there?
96) 20) dialog: Then let me go. You don't need me.
96) 22) dialog: I feel like I'm going crazy here.  You're Scott. But he's dead. I don't  know what's real anymore. I can't be  here with you.
96) 24) dialog: Do you understand what I'm saying to  you? You can keep the car. (she hands him some  money) That should be enough for gas from  here to there. Please let me go.
96) 26) text: Jenny slams herself angrily back in the seat.
96) 27) dialog: You bastard.
96) 28) text: Her upper lip trembles and, in spite of herself, she migh cry. The STAR MAN sees the center lane is open. He checks his side mirror and drifts over, only to be caught by a l The car is still rolling when Jenny makes her move. She t open the door and, by the time the STAR MAN turns around, she is out and running.
97) 0) text: Over her shoulder, Jenny can see the Mustang coming. She  dodges up a brick walkway toward a J.C. Penney shopping m The Mustang skids to a stop at the curb. The STAR MAN jum out in time to see Jenny push her way past a stream of  pedestrian traffic and enter the mall. He leaves the car zigzags through the people in that direction.
98) 2) text: In a panic to find Jenny, he continues jostling past peop to look in the shops that border the atrium.
98) 25) text: One of the T-shirts throws him back and Burt begins to pu him. We MOVE IN UNTIL we are CLOSE ON Jenny's face.
98) 27) dialog: Stop it!!! Stop it!!!
98) 29) dialog: Get away from him!! Leave him alone!!  You stupid jerks!! He's retarded!!  Can't you see that?!! Get away from  him!!
98) 30) text: The men do. Jenny pushes the sleeve of the torn wind-brea back up on the STAR MAN's shoulder.
98) 32) dialog: You're wrong!! He would never do  anything like that!! (takes STAR MAN's  hand) Let's go...
98) 34) dialog: He's retarded! I shouldn't have left  him alone!
98) 36) dialog: (hisses) Get out of my way.
99) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
99) 2) text: Still shaken, the STAR MAN nods. Jenny realizes that it i comforting to him to have his hand in hers and she leads like a child down the sidewalk to the Mustang.
100) 0) text: At the counter Jenny puts her Visa card back into her wal while the CLERK staples the pages of a ticket into a trav folder.
100) 2) dialog: Thank you.
100) 4) text: We FOLLOW Jenny THROUGH the people milling around the ben in the waiting area TO the STAR MAN seated in an open-fac coffee shop. He is watching a MOTHER feed her baby in the booth across from him. A map of the United States is spre out on the formica. Jenny plunks herself down catty-corne from him. The tear in his sleeve has been closed with saf pins.
100) 5) dialog: The closest I was able to get you  was Lathrop Wells...
100) 7) dialog: Yes.
100) 9) dialog: Eh... yes...
100) 11) dialog: No... The closest...
100) 13) dialog: I'd love to have a baby. But I  can't...
100) 15) dialog: I can't... Forget the baby. Okay?  The closest I was able to get you  was Lathrop Wells. You'll have to  hitchhike the rest of the way.
100) 18) dialog: I know that. But the buses don't go  there.
100) 20) dialog: That's easy. I'll explain that in a  minute. This is your ticket. When  you get on the bus here, the driver  will take this part. You will ride  to Omaha. When you get to Omaha, ask  the driver. 'Salt Lake City, please.  I do not speak English.'
100) 22) dialog: Say it.
100) 24) dialog: The driver will...
100) 26) dialog: Will you please do it my way? You'll  get into trouble if you don't. If  anybody talks to you, tell them... I  do not speak English.
100) 28) dialog: Right. In Omaha the driver will put  you on the bus for Salt Lake City  and the new driver will take... (bends back second  portion of ticket) ...this part. When you get to Salt  Lake City, ask the driver, 'Las Vegas,  please'...
100) 30) dialog: You want this ticket?
100) 32) dialog: Then don't be smart.
100) 34) dialog: That's your bus. (picks up the map and  folds it) When you get to Las Vegas, ask the  driver. 'Lathrop Wells, please. I do  not speak English.'
100) 36) dialog: (hands him the map) You keep this. Now this is hitch- hike... (stops in the middle  of the waiting area  to illustrate) You stand on the side of the road,  the highway... you understand? And  you face the cars going in the  direction you want to go. When you  see a car or a truck coming, you  stick out your thumb like this...
100) 37) text: Jenny takes a few sweeps at an imaginary highway with her thumb. The stares this pantomime draws make the STAR MAN  more nervous about the bus trip than he already is.
100) 38) dialog: Your thumb tells the driver that you  want a ride.
100) 40) dialog: (continuing toward  the loading platform) Not every car, but... a car will  stop... Maybe not the first car...  maybe number eight, number fifteen...
100) 43) dialog: Tomorrow morning. Start hitch-hiking  right away and...
100) 44) text: Jenny pushes open a glass door to:
101) 1) dialog: ...you'll have plenty of time to get  to where you want to go.
101) 3) dialog: Don't worry. They're not going to  hurt you. Come on. (gives him ticket) Only show this to the driver. Nobody  else. And don't lose it.
101) 5) dialog: No.
101) 7) dialog: You might need this.
101) 9) dialog: Don't be afraid. Do what I told you  and you'll be okay.
101) 12) dialog: Well... I'm going to go now.
101) 14) dialog: Yes. I have a long ride ahead of  me... (takes his hand) Goodbye.
101) 18) dialog: Yes?
101) 20) text: Jenny comes back and takes his hand.
101) 21) dialog: I'll stay till you get on the bus.
101) 22) text: A family of four climbs aboard and the line moves up. The STAR MAN is alert to everything happening on the platform Jenny sneaks him an affectionate look. No one in front of him has baggage to check and they move quickly past the D until the STAR MAN is next in line.
101) 25) dialog: See? You're going to be okay.
101) 27) dialog: Goodbye.
101) 29) dialog: It's a kiss... (she motions for him  to get on the bus) Goodbye...
101) 31) text: The STAR MAN climbs the steps just ahead of him. The door closes. Its ENGINE REVVING, the bus backs out of its stal Jenny catches a glimpse of the STAR MAN bent over in the  aisle looking out at her. She waves until the bus rounds building.
102) 0) text: Jenny's green Mustang loops around the end of a row of ca and heads for the street.
103) 0) text: LOOKING OVER Jenny's SHOULDER, we SEE the Star Man waitin for her at the curb.
103) 1) dialog: (softly) Oh no...
103) 3) dialog: What happened?
103) 5) text: Jenny moans and lays her head on the vinyl of the window  sill. When she raises up, he smiles at her.
103) 6) dialog: Okay, you win. Get in.
105) 2) text: He hangs up and heads for the rear door. Jenny Haydn's cu Visa statement occupies the upper left screen. The last t items are circled: The charge for the Greyhound ticket an the credit for the return of that ticket.
107) 1) dialog: Why did your ship land on this  planet... on Earth?
108) 1) dialog: You thought we were a different  planet?!
108) 3) dialog: Stars... When a sun is far away, we  call it a 'star.'
108) 5) dialog: You did? That's funny. So did we.
108) 7) dialog: Yes.
108) 9) dialog: The captain...
108) 11) dialog: Oh, that's terrible. I'm sorry. Was  he a good friend?
108) 13) dialog: A friend is a person that is good to  you... someone you like to be with...  someone you like to laugh with...
108) 15) dialog: The police shouldn't have started  shooting. But you can hardly blame  them. You surprised them. They didn't  know you were up there. When they  saw you, they thought you were here  to hurt us.
108) 17) dialog: Sounds like your captain's going to  get hell when he gets back home.
108) 19) dialog: It's bad.
108) 21) text: Pause. Jenny feels the STAR MAN staring at her. She turns look at him. His gaze doesn't waver. She looks back at th road, then back at the STAR MAN.
108) 22) dialog: What are you doing?
108) 24) dialog: Yes.
109) 0) text: Jenny's Mustang is whipping west out of Lincoln, Nebraska We HEAR A JUMBLE OF RADIO STATIONS as the SELECTOR is RUN THROUGH THE FREQUENCIES.
110) 0) text: Jenny is driving. The STAR MAN finds a RELIGIOUS STATION the RADIO.
110) 3) text: Jenny is tired. She doesn't want to get into that.
110) 4) dialog: Nobody knows.
110) 6) dialog: I don't know.
110) 9) dialog: I've noticed... Do you understand  what they're saying?
110) 11) text: Jenny smiles at him, then:
110) 12) dialog: Do you have music up there?
110) 14) dialog: I'd like to hear it. Can you sing  something?
110) 16) dialog: Don't be afraid... I'd really like  to hear it.
110) 18) dialog: Please.
110) 21) dialog: That was beautiful.
110) 23) dialog: Yes. Sing some more.
112) 0) text: The STAR MAN stops the Mustang in front of the office. He and Jenny get out and go inside. As the door closes on th three Nebraska Highway Patrol cars speed up the off-ramp. The lead car turns right on a surface street and enters t motel parking lot at the far end. The middle car goes straight across the intersection and  positions itself at the curb next to the driveway, giving access to a frontage road which leads to an on-ramp. The  last car also turns right on the surface street, but park in a restaurant parking lot directly across from the offi
113) 0) text: In answer to Jenny's bell, the night CLERK comes out of t living quarters in the back, finger combing his sleep-rum hair.
113) 2) dialog: How much are your rooms?
113) 5) dialog: You have one with two beds?
113) 7) dialog: I'll take that.
113) 9) dialog: Credit card.
113) 11) dialog: (digging through her  purse) We're only going to be here a few  hours...
113) 14) text: From behind the STAR MAN, we WATCH Jenny react to the ope Playgirl centerfold that he is holding up.
113) 15) dialog: Put that back.
113) 18) dialog: Put it back.
113) 19) text: The STAR MAN swivels the picture around so that he can se it. Jenny hands the smirking Clerk her credit card. He st to the side and inserts it into the imprinter. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees a dot of light leave the STAR  MAN's forehead to drop behind the magazine and into his  trousers. The Clerk glances over at Jenny to see if she hears the  HISSING that is going on behind the STAR MAN's fly. She d and she hopes it'll stop soon. His eyes on the STAR MAN, Clerk fumbles the key to 117 off the rack.
115) 2) text: In the office, he can see Jenny and the STAR MAN leave th counter and head for the door. He raises a pair of binocu to his eyes for a good head-on look at them.
116) 0) text: THROUGH the WINDSHIELD, we can SEE Jenny and the STAR MAN approaching the Mustang.
117) 2) text: At the passenger door, Jenny sets her purse on the car ro to take out her wallet.
117) 3) dialog: (handing it to him) You shouldn't drink so much of that  stuff. It's bad for you.
117) 5) dialog: Hurry up.
118) 0) text: Jenny's behind hasn't even hit the seat before she sees t patrol car parked on the frontage road off to her left. S looks at the STAR MAN. He's busy pounding on the drink  machine. She turns around to check the lot behind her and spots the patrol car there.
118) 2) dialog: No. Get in.
118) 4) dialog: (as he gets in) I'm not sleepy anymore. Let's drive  for a little while longer.
118) 7) dialog: No. I'm just not tired. Let's go.
121) 0) text: All three patrol cars jam on their rack lights and, with  their SIRENS HOWLING, peel out after Jenny and the STAR M
122) 1) dialog: No.
125) 0) text: The lead patrol car feints forward on the STAR MAN's side The STAR MAN sways over to cut it off and the middle patr car slips in next to Jenny. The STAR MAN grabs the gun fr under the seat.
125) 1) dialog: No!!! No!!!
127) 0) text: Jenny screams. A shotgun blast from the middle patrol car rips through t door and into Jenny. Part of the FRONT WINDOW is BLOWN OU Bleeding badly, she slumps against the STAR MAN.
133) 0) text: Jenny moans as the car jostles over the rough ground. The STAR MAN puts out a hand to cushion her ride. His headlig pick up a gravel road splitting the field and he turns on it. In a quick look back, he sees the patrol car shooting across the highway after him.
135) 0) text: The Mustang barrels around a curve and slides to a surpri stop before a gate in a barbed wire fence that ends the r With the .45 in his hand, the STAR MAN jumps out of the c and tries the gate. It is locked. When he turns back to the car, he sees something that  frightens him more than the approaching patrol cars. A  helicopter has joined the chase. He looks for a place to  hide. A stand of cottonwood and elm fifty yards on the ot side of the gate offers the only protection. The STAR MAN opens the passenger door. Jenny is soaked in her own blood. He hooks the strap of her purse over his  shoulder, lifts her tenderly and, cradling her in his arm wiggles between a fence post and the gate and jogs into t trees.
137) 0) text: Jenny's limp weight is beginning to slow the STAR MAN. He hears the bullhorn but doesn't stop.
139) 0) text: A deep shadow on the other side of an elm offers a likely hiding place. He moves through the underbrush toward it.  Without warning, his feet begin to slip out from under hi He struggles to regain his balance. When he does he looks down to find himself staring at a R RIVER 150 feet below. The bank on the other side is just few feet above the water and in the moonlight he can see flat plain cut by a highway that stretches into the dista Slowly, he backs away from the edge of the cliff. From under the elm he watches the helicopter sweep out ov the ravine. Its searchlight darts toward him bleaching th treeline. The overhanging branches cloak him and Jenny an the light passes without picking them up. The STAR MAN ad his grip on Jenny and starts off in the opposite directio from the helicopter to look for a way down the cliff.
140) 0) text: Shermin, his people and the patrolmen are combing the woo with flashlights in a picketline search. The Third Driver stops at the mouth of a clearing that runs between the  cottonwood and elm to the cliff. He takes a bite off a bl of chewing tobacco. As he replaces it in his pocket, he sees a shadow flit ac the far end of the clearing. He swings his flashlight in  that direction. The beam catches a piece of Jenny and the STAR MAN.
141) 0) text: Standing on the rim of the gorge, the STAR MAN sees the r of his pursuers' flashlights choking off any possible esc He eases Jenny to the ground behind a boulder. She whimpe with the pain.
146) 0) text: In the middle of the empty bedroom, the STAR MAN tries to cushion Jenny against the sudden JOLTS made by the semi a it lumbers out of the parking lot.
148) 0) text: The STAR MAN moves Jenny into a rectangle of moonlight sh on the floor by a high, wide window and strips off her bl The cold light marbles Jenny's skin and makes the blood f her wounds appear black. With her blouse, the STAR MAN wi away the blood on the right side of her head and neck. He finds a deep glass cut on her cheek and two entry points her neck. He concentrates on her cheek and we can SEE the glow of his brain through his human skin. A bit of the white light comes out of his forehead. It tu across to Jenny's cheek and settles into the wound. The S MAN watches intently as one end of the wound flares brigh for an instant, then dies. The flesh left behind has been closed without a scar. A larger piece of light drops out of his forehead into wh left of the gash. With that area suffused in a healing gl he shifts his focus to the pellet holes on her neck. He s two pieces of light plunging into the wounds. Immediately they spread into halos which we can SEE radiating from un the skin. Out of the night comes a LONG BLAST ON the AIR HORN and t STAR MAN has to steady Jenny as the truck swerves around  something in the highway. When it settles back into its ride, the STAR MAN wipes th blood off Jenny's shoulder. The beams of the passing cars through the plastic catch the fatigue on the STAR MAN's f as he works over Jenny.
150) 0) text: It's still dark in here. With a chunk of light in his lef hand, the STAR MAN dabs at the last of Jenny's wounds, le behind a phosphorescent bandage. More of these patches gl up and down her right side. He checks her over to see if  he's missed a wound. He hasn't. He covers her with his windbreaker and, exhausted by his  efforts, sits back against the wall. He waits to see that Jenny is sleeping comfortably, then presses the palms of hands together. The satel compass appears between them. T green dot tells him he is still on course.
155) 0) text: Jenny stirs awake under the windbreaker in the bedroom as sloppy DOWNSHIFT JOLTS the house. Her eyes flutter open a she looks around the room trying to figure out where she The truck leans into the turn. Jenny braces herself on on arm and sits up. Catching the windbreaker as it slips off her front, she  remembers that she was shot and examines her right side. runs her fingers over her cheek and neck, across her shou and down her side, feeling for traces of the wounds she k she sustained. She has been completely healed and there a no scars. She leans forward and looks down the hallway.
155) 1) dialog: Hello... hello.
155) 2) text: The WIND snapping the polyethylene is the only answer she gets. She picks her blouse off the floor next to her purs but throws it aside and shrugs into the windbreaker when sees the blood and bullet holes. Her sudden rise to a standing position makes her light-he and she has to lean against the doorway until the spinnin stops. With her hands outstretched, as guards against the sway of the truck, Jenny shuffles down the hallway.
155) 3) dialog: Hello. Where are you?
155) 4) text: There is no one in the kitchen and she continues into the living room. It is empty. Jenny opens the door to an encl back porch. It is also empty. The STAR MAN is gone. She  returns to the living room and stands there not really kn what to do next. The countryside rushes by outside a floo to-ceiling picture window. A WAIL FROM the semi's AIR HORN jars Jenny out of her rev and she goes to press her cheek against the window. She i looking past her left hand at the road when she notices a wide green ring on her finger above her wedding band. She steps back from the window to examine it, then with some  trepidation, twists it off. As it clears the end of her  finger, the STAR MAN's VOICE SPEAKS OUT OF IT.
155) 6) text: Jenny drops the ring as if she'd been stung. The STAR MAN voice stops as soon as she does and the ring bounces acro the floor until it hits the baseboard. It looks innocent  enough lying there, but Jenny has a great deal of trouble making herself approach it. When she finally picks it up, it does nothing. She turns in her hand and when the side of the ring hole that was f her when she took the ring off faces her again, the STAR  MAN's VOICE CONTINUES.
159) 0) text: Jenny, her purse over her shoulder, is running toward the cab as the Driver steps out with a wrench in his hand.
159) 1) dialog: Where did you stop last?
159) 3) dialog: Where did you stop last?
159) 5) dialog: What was your last stop?
159) 7) dialog: Where's that?
159) 9) text: Jenny's thumb is already out for a ride as she sprints ac the highway.
163) 1) dialog: I'm looking for a guy about this  tall, with brown hair and really  gray eyes...
163) 2) text: We FIND Jenny at the set of fuel pumps nearest the highwa dogging an ATTENDANT while he services an 18-wheeler
163) 3) dialog: He had on tan cords, a plaid shirt  and a baseball cap... probably  hitchhiking.
163) 5) dialog: (taking out her wallet) In the last hour or so...
163) 7) text: Jenny folds back the plastic windows to the picture of he husband.
163) 8) dialog: This is him.
163) 10) text: We FOLLOW Jenny as she wends her way through the trucks  questioning other attendants. The RUMBLE OF TRAFFIC DROWN OUT their CONVERSATION, but the answer is always the same Finally, we FOLLOW the picture as Jenny hands it up to an ATTENDANT cleaning the windshield on a Peterbilt cab.
163) 12) text: He hands the snapshot back to Jenny. She nods a 'thank yo and looks wistfully around the yard. There is nothing she can do. Fitting the picture back into her wallet, she wal away. After a few steps she turns back.
163) 13) dialog: You know if anybody here's going to  Wisconsin?
164) 0) text: It's bustling, loud and smoky. Jenny is standing just ins the entrance. She licks her lips and tries to clear the f out of her throat.
164) 1) dialog: (small voice) Anybody going to...
164) 3) dialog: Anybody going to Wisconsin?
164) 4) text: The activity in the diner comes to a screeching halt and the silence Jenny adds in a normal voice:
164) 5) dialog: I need a ride.
164) 9) dialog: I can wait.
164) 10) text: Smiling self-consciously, she takes a seat at the end of counter and orders coffee from the waitress. While she is waiting for it to come, she happens to glance outside and sees a Colorado Highway patrol car stopped in the yard. The officer on the passenger side is talking to one of th attendants. Jenny turns away from the window and finds th she is able to watch the conversation in a strip of mirro that runs around the top of the pie case. The squad car l and her coffee arrives.
164) 11) dialog: (to the waitress) Where's the phone?
165) 0) text: Jenny drops a dime in the slot and dials 'O.'
165) 2) dialog: Could you give me the highway patrol,  please?
165) 5) dialog: My name's Jenny Haydn. I think you're  looking for me. I was kidnapped in  Eau Claire, Wisconsin a couple of  days ago. But I'm free now.
165) 7) dialog: Jenny Haydn. I'm on my way home and  I don't want anybody I'm with shot  at when you...
168) 1) dialog: I don't know. Someplace called Elmo's.  Look, I just wanted to tell you that  I'm all right and I'm on my way home.
168) 3) dialog: No. You'll want to ask a lot of  questions I don't want to answer  right now. I already have a ride.
169) 1) dialog: I only called to tell you I was free  and not to shoot anybody I was with  if you see me.
169) 4) dialog: I told you. He let me go. I'm on my  way home.
171) 0) text: A sharp rap on the glass startles Jenny and she turns aro to see her ride.
171) 2) text: Jenny holds up a finger that asks for a moment longer on phone.
171) 3) dialog: (into phone) Mr... I'm sorry, what was your name  again?
171) 5) dialog: Mr. Shermin, I'm hanging up now. If  you want to ask me any questions,  call me at home in a couple of days.  I'm in the book.
171) 9) dialog: He doesn't want to hurt anybody.  Please leave him alone.
171) 11) text: This hits Jenny like a kick in the stomach. She leans her head back against the wall. Her ride is pacing outside th booth.
171) 13) text: Jenny smashes the receiver back in its cradle and throws  open the door.
171) 14) dialog: (on her way past the  weathered driver) I changed my mind. Thanks.
171) 16) dialog: (at the top of her  lungs) It's me again...
171) 18) dialog: I need a fast ride west.
172) 0) text: The speedometer reads 90. The driver, a bespectacled, pim faced SIXTEEN YEAR OLD, shifts into fifth gear. Jenny is  harnessed in the passenger seat. Chatter from a CB under dash COMPETES WITH ROCK N' ROLL ON THE TAPE DECK.
172) 1) dialog: You sure this is your car?
172) 3) dialog: (as they come up on a  station wagon) Slow down, slow down.
172) 6) dialog: (peering at its  occupants) I told you I'm looking for someone.
172) 8) dialog: I don't know where he is.
172) 10) text: Howling at full throttle, three highway patrol cars rush  past them in the opposite direction. Jenny swivels around follow their progress until they are out of sight.
172) 12) dialog: What? No, of course not.
172) 14) text: Jenny takes a second look at this guy. He flashes her a g toothed grin.
174) 0) text: Jenny TURNS DOWN the ROCK 'N ROLL to listen to the CB.
174) 3) text: Jenny doesn't answer immediately. She takes her time chec out the people in a VW they are passing.
174) 4) dialog: (to the road ahead) We better find him before that.
175) 0) text: In the style prescribed by Jenny, the STAR MAN raises his thumb to a dilapidated Vega shimmying down the on-ramp. T two blue-haired ladies inside are afraid to look at him a they go by. He has the same luck with an attractive blond secretary that passes on the highway.
180) 0) text: The CB CONTINUES TO CRACKLE with news of the roadblock.  Jenny's eyes restlessly search the overpass under the whi yellow chicken for any sign of the STAR MAN. She sees the dun-colored Roadrunner waiting at the foot of the on-ramp for a break in the traffic, but she is too far away to se who's inside. As the Porsche gets closer, it overtakes an wheeler and Jenny's view of the Roadrunner is cut off  entirely. She passes without seeing the STAR MAN.
181) 0) text: The Porsche weaves through the traffic giving Jenny a cha to look into the cars and trucks it shoots by.
182) 0) text: Jenny is turned around looking back at a camper.
182) 2) dialog: If he didn't want to go through the  roadblock, is there any other way to  get to Vegas?
182) 4) text: Jenny gives him a withering look.
182) 6) dialog: Pull over. I've got to get back there.
182) 8) dialog: It's easier not to tell if you don't  know.
183) 2) dialog: Sure.
183) 5) dialog: Don't worry. I'll be all right.
183) 6) text: She closes the door. The Teenager takes a last look at he before pulling back on the highway. Jenny waits for a car the slow lane to go by, then runs across to the line and  waits for cars in the fast lane to go by.
184) 0) text: The STAR MAN spots Jenny standing on the line peering int the on-coming cars for signs of him. He becomes agitated his mouth begins to move soundlessly. There is a break in the traffic and Jenny dashes to the center divider. The S MAN leans across his driver and yells as the Roadrunner  plunges by her.
185) 0) text: Jenny spins around to see the Roadrunner skid to a stop o the shoulder and the STAR MAN get out. A motorcycle bombs by. He starts across the lanes of traffic toward Jenny. A truck blasts past him in the slow lane. He is buffeted in the fast lane. Jenny runs down the center divider to meet him. A VW honks, its tires squeal on the pavement as it  swerves around him. He reaches the safety of the center  divider. Jenny throws her arms around him and lays her he against his chest. He stands there uncomfortably not know how to respond to this human emotion.
185) 2) dialog: The police are waiting for you up  ahead. There's a roadblock. You have  to go back.
185) 4) dialog: The police know about Lathrop Wells.  We have to go another way. Come on.
185) 7) dialog: Please understand. If you go this  way, you'll never get to your ship.  The police know about Lathrop Wells.  We have to go another way. I'll get  you to your ship. I promise.
185) 9) dialog: You shit! I'll decide if I go or  not. Not you. I don't know what you  do on your planet, but I didn't think  that was very nice walking out on me  like you did.
185) 11) dialog: Come on.
185) 12) text: Holding the STAR MAN's hand, Jenny pulls him toward the r
185) 13) dialog: I didn't ask to come along on this  trip, but I sure as hell am going to  be the one to say when I get off.
191) 0) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN are sitting against the cab, a hor blanket drawn up around their shoulders. They can see the flashing lights coming from way down the road and watch  helplessly as the patrol cars eat up the distance between them.
193) 0) text: For a moment, Jenny and the STAR MAN think they're safe.  That hope turns to despair when the two patrol cars loop  after them. They keep getting closer. The STAR MAN inches the blanket up over his nose. Unexpectedly, the patrol ca are thrown into a skid. When they stop, they are facing e other ready to inspect the traffic coming off 70. They lo the blanket from their faces. Jenny lays her head back ag the cab, exhausted.
194) 0) text: A RUMBLE OF DISTANT THUNDER follows the lightning that fl from the dark clouds hanging on the horizon. Looking  incomplete without its trailer, the tractor/cab of a Mack truck makes a turn on a farm road, revealing Jenny and th STAR MAN standing on the gravel. The STAR MAN looks back where they came from. There is nothing coming so he sets in the other direction.
194) 1) dialog: Where are you going?
194) 3) dialog: Why can't we wait here for a ride?
194) 5) dialog: We're hundreds of miles from where  you have to be.
194) 7) dialog: (shouts at him) Even if we walk five miles, it's not  going to make any difference.
194) 8) text: Jenny turns toward an oncoming car and sticks out her thu The STAR MAN falls into the same pose just back of her. T car honks at them as it breezes by.
194) 10) dialog: (shocked) Where did you learn that?
195) 0) text: A torrential rainstorm lashes the countryside. The STAR M and Jenny splash along the edge of the asphalt. Their hea are lowered against the weather. They are both drenched t the skin.
195) 1) dialog: (after a few steps) We're not going to get a ride tonight.
195) 3) dialog: No one's traveling in this weather.
195) 5) dialog: (shouts after him) I will. I will. We still have another  day.
195) 7) dialog: What do you want from me? There are  no cars on this road. I didn't ask  for this stupid storm.
195) 9) dialog: What are you saying?
195) 11) dialog: We're too far away to walk. Don't  you understand?
195) 12) text: The STAR MAN looks at her. With the rain streaming off hi face, he looks at her. For the first time, the reality of the situation hits him. He turns and, swearing in his own language, flails at the rain. A distance from Jenny, he s and cries out in English.
195) 14) text: Jenny can see him standing with his head bowed. She walks over to him.
195) 15) dialog: (trying to ease his  pain) Why don't you send one of your radio  balloons and tell your captain that  you might be late?
195) 17) dialog: Let's find a place out of the rain.  I'm sure we'll get a ride in the  morning.
195) 19) dialog: We'll get a ride in the morning.
196) 0) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN are following the tracks to an  abandoned boxcar.
197) 0) text: The STAR MAN climbs in and pulls Jenny after him. Jenny i shivering badly.
197) 1) dialog: Can you close the door?
197) 2) text: The STAR MAN scrapes it forward. He activates the satel  compass which lights the interior of the boxcar. While he doing this Jenny turns her back to him and takes off her  jacket. Her teeth chattering, she tries to wring the wate out of it.
197) 4) dialog: You're damn right I am.
197) 6) text: Clutching the windbreaker to her breasts, Jenny looks at STAR MAN over her shoulder. It doesn't take her long to m up her mind.
197) 7) dialog: (crossing to him) Open your shirt.
197) 9) dialog: (savoring it) Oh, you're warm... put your arms  around me.
197) 10) text: The STAR MAN does and Jenny jumps as the wet sleeves touc her back.
197) 11) dialog: Take your shirt off.
197) 12) text: It is difficult with Jenny around his waist, but he manag He drapes his arms over her. She snuggles into him. The R POUNDS ON THE ROOF. Gradually, Jenny responds to the STAR MAN's warmth and relaxes. She lifts her head off his ches and looks at him.
197) 14) dialog: Nothing.
197) 15) text: She brushes her lips against his. The STAR MAN's not sure what's happening. But he's not offended. Her next kiss is full and long. He accepts it with his eyes open and when eases back he leans in for more. Jenny responds. As if on command, the satel compass comes from around behind the S MAN to hover in back of Jenny. He takes it between his pa and extinguishes it.
198) 0) text: Jenny awakens and looks around. The STAR MAN is not with  her. As she stands up she hears his VOICE OUTSIDE. He is  speaking to something in his language. She goes to the door to find out what and sees him standi beside a fenced-in pasture talking to the horses inside.
199) 0) text: Jenny joins the STAR MAN at the fence.
199) 1) dialog: Good morning.
199) 3) dialog: You don't forget anything, do you?
199) 5) text: Jenny pets one of the horses on the nose.
199) 6) dialog: (to the horse) Hello... hello. How are you this  morning?
199) 8) dialog: (laughs) No, they don't talk... We talk to  them.
199) 11) dialog: Oh, you're pretty...
199) 13) text: Shocked, Jenny looks at him from around the appaloosa's n The STAR MAN is combing a horse's mane with his fingers a he doesn't see her expression.
199) 15) dialog: Yes, they are.
199) 17) dialog: (shakes her head 'no') But...
199) 19) dialog: I told you it's impossible for me to  have a baby.
199) 21) text: Jenny comes over and puts her arms around the STAR MAN.
199) 22) dialog: I want it.
202) 0) text: A fire-engine-red Pontiac convertible with two COWBOYS (l fifties) in the front and Jenny and the STAR MAN in the b moves with the traffic along the main drag in the downtow area. The STAR MAN's head swivels from side to side tryin to take in the neon that juts up around him. The converti stops at a light. The cowboy on the passenger side opens door and tips his hat to Jenny as she and the Star Man ge out of the back seat.
203) 0) text: The STAR MAN is afraid of the crush of people and wants t stay close to Jenny, but is fascinated by the whir and cl and jingle of the one-armed bandits that seem to be  everywhere.
203) 2) text: Jenny nods. A LADY in curlers and pedal pushers hits a tw dollar jackpot. Hanging onto Jenny's hand the STAR MAN tu around and walks sideways to watch the quarters tumble ou into the lady's shopping bag.
203) 4) dialog: You don't make money gambling. You  lose it.
204) 0) text: The STAR MAN hangs back to examine a one-armed bandit ins the front door while Jenny goes to the counter. An almost imperceptible blue haze seems to seep from under the STAR MAN's palms as he runs his hands up and down the sides of the machine.
204) 1) dialog: (to the clerk) Do you have a good map of Death  Valley?
204) 3) text: While the clerk searches for the map the STAR MAN comes u to Jenny.
204) 5) dialog: What for?
204) 7) text: Jenny sighs and rolls her eyes and fishes two quarters ou of her purse and hands them to him.
204) 8) dialog: Here are two quarters. When you lose  these, you're not going to get  anymore.
204) 10) text: He drops a quarter into the slot and pulls the handle. Wh the pictures of fruit spin behind the view window, his ha stroke the sides of the machine. An orange, a pear and a  cherry stop in the view window. At the counter Jenny expl to the clerk that she is hitchhiking and wants the busies route into Death Valley without going through Lathrop Wel The STAR MAN looks long and hard at the machine before pu in his last quarter. He pulls the handle. The blue haze f from his palms, three cherries lock into a line and the o armed bandit begins to spit quarters.
205) 0) text: Jenny is nervous about being here. She feels every face t looks at them could be a cop. The STAR MAN is pulling her through a Maginot Line of slot machines toward a 'Super  Jackpot' machine that advertises a $275,000 payoff.
205) 1) dialog: This is crazy. We don't have time  for this.
205) 3) dialog: You won ten dollars. Big deal. If we  don't get a good ride before dark we  could miss your ship.
205) 5) dialog: I don't need any money for the baby.  I'll be fine.
205) 7) dialog: The cook again?
205) 9) dialog: If I ever run into that guy, I'm  going to kick his ass.
205) 10) text: The STAR MAN pops a gleaming silver dollar into the machi pulls the handle and places his hands against the metal.  Jenny, knowing it can't work, but hoping that it will, st back and gnaws on her thumb. Then she sees the blue haze  vibrating out of the STAR MAN's palms. Jenny stifles a sc She looks around to see if anybody else has noticed. They haven't. The STAR MAN smiles at her. The force field does it's work. A picket line of 7's fills the view window. Am the jangle of bells and flashing lights that accompany a  winner Jenny doesn't know whether she should jump for joy hide her face.
207) 1) dialog: It'll tell you pretty much everything  about us...
207) 3) dialog: Any words you don't know you can  find in the dictionary.
207) 5) dialog: It'll give you the different  countries, how they came to be, what  they are now, how America came to  be, the governments, the languages...  everything.
207) 7) dialog: What will you say about us?
207) 9) dialog: We can.
207) 11) dialog: This is yours...
207) 13) dialog: I'd like to...
207) 15) dialog: (takes the ring off  again) Would you put some of your singing  in this for the baby?
207) 17) dialog: Yes.
210) 1) dialog: How long will it take you to get  home?
210) 4) dialog: Would you like to listen to some  music?
210) 6) dialog: I'm sure we could find a country and  western station.
210) 8) text: Jenny takes his hand in hers.
210) 9) dialog: Don't worry. Everything's going to  be fine.
210) 11) dialog: (leans forward to  look up at night sky) Which star is yours?
210) 14) dialog: Where?
210) 15) text: He directs Jenny's attention to the constellation Auriga.
210) 17) dialog: Oh, wow... I'll tell you what. When  the baby is born, we'll go out in my  back yard and wave to you.
210) 21) text: Jenny slams on the brakes. One of the Cobra helicopters, from the inside, is parked next to a line of flares acros the road ahead.
210) 22) text: The STAR MAN is looking through a window at the repair ba lit by a work light. Jenny is standing in a phone shell o the front of the garage, the receiver to her ear. The STAR MAN moves to the office door. He tries the knob. is locked.
210) 23) dialog: (to the STAR MAN) They're trying to get him.
210) 25) dialog: What are you doing?!!
211) 2) dialog: I want to speak to Marc Shermin.
211) 5) dialog: If I don't speak to Mr. Shermin, I'm  hanging up.
211) 7) text: Tethered by the phone cord, Jenny tries to see what the S MAN is doing inside the repair bay.
212) 0) text: Using an air filter top as a basket, the STAR MAN scaveng from the work bench and the car up on the lift, fuses, le of wire, circuit boards from a radio, tubing, metal pipe a Black and Decker drill. While he is doing this we get  glimpses of Jenny pleading his case on the phone. Finally leaving the receiver dangling at the end of its cord, she comes around to stand in the doorway.
212) 1) dialog: Mr. Shermin wants to speak to you.
213) 1) dialog: Here he is.
215) 0) text: The STAR MAN shaves the rubber off the electrical lines  leading into the fuse box and clips two wires of his own  onto the exposed copper. With Jenny watching we have a mo of the STAR MAN working through the night: modifying the  insides of the Black and Decker drill, cutting out the mi section above the trigger, fitting electrical components  into that area, screwing a pipe into the bit-clamp, weldi it together with the spark that arcs between the electric wires.
216) 0) text: Jenny folds a sheaf of money into a sheet of yellow paper and props it on the cash register. 'For Damages. Thank Yo is scribbled on the front. She runs out to catch the STAR MAN who is on his way to the Camaro.
217) 1) dialog: Where do you think you're going?
217) 3) dialog: I said I would get you to your ship  and that's where we're going to say  goodbye.
218) 0) text: Both hands on the wheel, Jenny is burning down the center line. The STAR MAN bends two thin wires trailing out from the grip of the drill. Jenny winces as he buries them int the flesh on either side of his left wrist. The car skate around the corner of a low hill. They can see that the Co is still sitting next to the road.
218) 1) dialog: (glancing at the  modified drill) I hope that works.
218) 2) text: The STAR MAN is lost in concentration. Jenny kills her lights and glues the accelerator to the f Three MEN scramble from the helicopter with M16s. A BURST SLUGS RIPS THROUGH the Camaro's WINDSHIELD. The STAR MAN  leans out the passenger window and with an other-worldly  scream, fires. The helicopter is BLOWN TO SMITHEREENS. Th concussion throws the men to the ground.
220) 1) dialog: It works.
223) 0) text: The STAR MAN draws the satel compass out between his palm The green dot now covers the right half of the red dot. H presses his palms together and looks past Jenny at the ru foothills. The first light of day is starting to color the sky behin them. Jenny and the STAR MAN are startled by the DRUMMING WHOMP OF A HELICOPTER. The STAR MAN looks out the window its source. He can't see anything. The SOUND FADES. In a  moment, it is REPEATED ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CAR and A IT FADES.
223) 2) text: This is a truism that Jenny doesn't want to hear and she  flexes her fingers on the wheel.
223) 4) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN steady themselves for the last leg their journey. Suddenly, their silence is exploded by a C dropping out of the sky in front of them. Its searchlight bangs into their faces and, with its thirty-calibre MACHI GUNS BLAZING, it comes straight at them. Jenny yanks the Camaro onto the shoulder. The SLUGS CHEW the asphalt beside it. She fishtails back onto the road. SECOND COBRA surprises them from the STAR MAN's side. Its MACHINE GUN KNOCKS OUT the BACK WINDOW before he can FIRE The STAR MAN crawls over his seat and arranges himself in the hole that was the back window to meet the Cobras' nex FIRING RUN. It doesn't take them long. The first two have been joined by a THIRD. They swoop down on the Camaro.
225) 1) dialog: In front!!! In front!!!
225) 2) text: The STAR MAN has to hang on as Jenny dodges the car out o the path of a Cobra skimming over the highway toward them As it goes over, he is able to get off a SHOT directly IN its UNDERBELLY. The BALL OF FLAME almost engulfs the Cama
226) 0) text: The STAR MAN slumps down into the back seat breathing har Jenny looks over her shoulder at him and is shocked at th strain that shows on his face.
226) 1) dialog: Hang on.
227) 0) text: At the base of a sandstone cliff, the Camaro slides to a  stop. Jenny helps the STAR MAN out. She supports him as t struggle toward the protection of the boulders. Fox's Cob roars over the hill.
229) 0) text: The STAR MAN turns toward the Cobra. Weakly, he raises hi weapon and pulls the trigger. Nothing happens. The search from the Cobra finds them. Its machine guns begin to rais puffs of gravel around them. Jenny grabs the STAR MAN's a and pulls him into the relative safety of the rocks. The  STAR MAN collapses against the cool stone.
229) 2) text: Jenny looks out between the crags. Shermin's helicopter  arrives to join the Cobra. With their searchlights flicki over the sagebrush, they move cautiously toward the cliff Jenny turns back to the STAR MAN. He is too weak to run  anymore.
229) 3) dialog: (touches his shoulder  lightly) I won't let anyone hurt you.
231) 0) text: Six images (close-up to full shot) of Jenny and the STAR stepping out of their hiding place fill the television sc in front of Shermin.
231) 2) text: Lyman taps his keyboard. The screens all change to a long shot of Jenny and the STAR MAN with cross-hairs superimpo on them.
232) 0) text: Shermin's helicopter moves toward Jenny and the STAR MAN  standing helpless in the circle thrown by the searchlight
233) 0) text: The cross-hairs have locked on Jenny and the STAR MAN. Sh knows he can't do it. He picks up a headset.
234) 0) text: Shermin's helicopter passes over the heads of Jenny and t STAR MAN and rises into the dawn sky.
235) 4) text: The gunsights lock in on Jenny and the STAR MAN. Fox's gr tightens on the trigger. Suddenly the helicopter begins t vibrate and drift off its target. Fox looks toward the so coming from his right and his eyes widen in fear as he se the STAR MAN's ship looming over him.
236) 0) text: The spacecraft passes over the top of the helicopter. The whirling downdraft emanating from the spaceship's underbe yanks the Cobra away from Jenny and the STAR MAN and whip it into a spin which gets faster and faster until it  disintegrates and falls to the desert floor.
237) 0) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN shield their faces against the DUS STORM that billows under the WHINING DESCENT of the  spacecraft. It settles into a landing across the dirt roa resting on its three pods. With a crack, a cone of bright white light blasts from the underside.
237) 1) dialog: Well...
237) 3) text: Jenny nods.
237) 5) dialog: You say you love me and kiss me  'goodbye.'
237) 8) dialog: (her head on his  shoulder) I'm never going to see you again, am  I?
237) 11) dialog: I love you.
237) 12) text: The STAR MAN steps back and places a hand on Jenny's stom
237) 14) dialog: I will.
237) 16) text: He turns from her and walks to his ship. Jenny watches hi go, then remembers something.
237) 17) dialog: Wait!!
237) 20) text: Jenny backs away as the STAR MAN walks under the ship int the white light. He waves one last time to Jenny and is  swallowed into the ship by the light.
238) 0) text: Jenny turns away from the stinging sand as the space-craf lifts off. When she looks again, it is high and moving ov the foothills. A banking turn brings it back. The ship di low over her, rocks itself in a gesture of farewell, then shoots off into the stars. When she can no longer see it, Jenny drops her wave with a sigh and starts back toward t Camaro. Over her walk, we SUPER: