25) 4) text: Behind the faceplate a piece of white light breaks off fr the shining mass in the STAR MAN'S head and moves down hi neck. Through the hole in the suit we see it arrive at th top of his single lung. The white light spreads throughou the organ like a phosphorescent tide. The STAR MAN lapses into unconsciousness as we hear the truck pull away.
29) 0) text: It is still raining. The STAR MAN stirs and awakens with a start. He parts the tear in his suit and looks at his lung through his transl body. It has changed in color from brown to a rich yellow ocher. He takes several deep breaths of our atmosphere an his lung expands and contracts easily. He conducts a quic inventory of his damaged spacesuit, then struggles to his knees and stands up.
30) 5) text: The other men approach the body but before they can bend it a burst of percussive language, followed by a low buzz comes from inside the extraterrestrial's helmet. The men  freeze. There is another burst of percussive language and projection beam shoots out of the helmet throwing the ima of the escaped STAR MAN onto one of the scientists. He ju aside and the beam falls out of focus and indistinct on t tent wall behind him.
31) 0) text: The STAR MAN is standing. We hear the sounds of his percu language coming from behind his mirrored faceplate.
31) 1) dialog: (subtitle) Mapmaker Wind. Do you hear me?
31) 3) dialog: Mapmaker Wind. Do you hear me?
31) 5) dialog: Mapmaker Wind. Do you hear me?
34) 0) text: The STAR MAN, still in his life-support suit, looks surre in the twilight world under the canopy of firs. The morni rain has gone. A hum of traffic pulls him across the hill a stand of alders that border the forest. Through the lea he can see a highway entering the sprawl of Eau Claire,  Wisconsin. The cars and trucks zipping along the asphalt of particular interest to him. When he has absorbed them he walks through the trees to g a better look at the town. On the wind he can hear shouts from students boarding a line of yellow buses in front of grade school off to his right. Suburban houses have begun snuggle up to the base of the hill he is on. Keeping to the tree line well above them he continues his search for an avenue of escape. His head swivels to watch Volvo station wagon come down the street. It swings into driveway of the house directly below him and stops next t Mustang Hatchback. The back door opens and JENNY HAYDN, a pretty girl in her mid-twenties, gets out carrying a crud lettered be-ribboned sign 'Welcome Back, Mrs. Haydn.' Fem voices drift up to the STAR MAN from inside the car.
36) 0) text: The STAR MAN presses on through the trees. He hears a lig plane overhead. He stops and watches until the branches c off his view. A path between two logs leads him to the ti of a promontory. From behind the cedars growing there, he sits and looks down on the center of Eau Claire. Arm in arm, a YOUNG COUPLE meander through the trees. The boy has a blanket over his shoulder and the girl's hair i disheveled. Without seeing him, they walk past the STAR M crouched in a thicket of small pines. After they've gone he straightens up and watches them walk down toward the  highway.
37) 0) text: The sun is setting over suburban Eau Claire. The colors a reflected in the STAR MAN's faceplate as he watches Jenny push a hand mower over her back yard. He takes a dusty gray marble out of a leg pocket and whil Jenny finishes the lawn he rolls it between his gloves. I turns a glowing gold as it grows in size. When it reaches the dimensions of a baseball, he brings it close to his  faceplate and speaks into it.
37) 1) dialog: (subtitles) Iron channel message. Suit and rockets  destroyed. Radical mixture of this  atmosphere and ours in helmet allowed  chemo-ion response time to adapt my  body to this air. Am going to attempt  extreme transformation in order to  cross land mass to site of our  practice landings. If transformation  is not fatal, second message ball by  next darkness.
40) 0) text: We are looking through the living room window at Jenny  watching television while she irons the clothes she plans wear to work tomorrow. The STAR MAN stands just outside t light-fall in the back yard watching her. A commercial interrupts the old movie with a jolly fat MA in a jumpsuit touting his used cars. The two words 'We  have...' are repeated constantly during the pitch. 'We ha automatics... We have sticks... We have colors... We have financing...' ... We move in close on the STAR MAN'S faceplate.
40) 1) dialog: (practicing the human  sound) Wehave... (more precise) Wehave... (well-formed) Wehave...
40) 4) text: She turns around and looks down indecisively, then hurrie upstairs. A light goes on in the bedroom. The STAR MAN ba away to look up at it. He can't see anything. He is on hi way to try and get in the side door when Jenny comes clum down the stairs in an old sweatshirt and pulling on a pai of jeans. She disappears into the kitchen. Without warnin the door ahead of him is swung open and Jenny rushes out. The STAR MAN barely has time to step into the shadows. Je grabs the handle of one of the garbage cans lined against the house and drags it down to the street. When she comes back for the second one we see that the STAR MAN is no lo in the shadows.
41) 0) text: Jenny comes in and locks the door. She passes through the kitchen and is on her way to the stairs when the STAR MAN steps out of the darkness in the living room. A scream ca in Jenny's throat.
41) 1) dialog: (precise) Wehave...
41) 2) text: Jenny bolts for the front door. At the end of the hallway her foot catches in a phone cord pulling the phone off an end table. The receiver is jarred out of its cradle. Jenn regains her balance and gets to the door ahead of the STA MAN. She jerks it open, but the guard chain stops it thre inches from the jamb. Frantically, she tries again but th chain holds. The STAR MAN slams the door shut and reaches out to grab  her. She flails back at him. One of her hands strikes the panel on his chest and the identification light comes on  inside his helmet. At the sight of the STAR MAN, Jenny be to scream. He presses her back against the wall and puts mittened hand over her mouth.
41) 3) dialog: Wehave...
41) 4) text: Jenny ceases her struggle and begins to cry. The STAR MAN takes his hand away from her mouth.
41) 6) text: Holding her with his eyes he grasps one of Jenny's hands lifts it up to look at it. He raises a piece of skin off her wrist, rolls it between his thumb and forefinger. Jenny lets out a blood-curdling scream and strikes out at him. Flashes of light erupt off his exposed chest where s hits. The ferocity of her attack knocks him aside and she sprints up the stairs. The STAR MAN recovers and starts after her.
42) 0) text: Jenny gets there two steps ahead of the STAR MAN. She sla the door in his face and locks it. With him POUNDING ON T OUTSIDE, Jenny throws open the closet and begins rummagin madly through the side pockets of her jackets and coats. The POUNDING STOPS. It takes her a moment to hear the sil When she does, she whirls toward the door expecting the w but it remains closed. She waits. All she can hear is the sound of the rain. She intensifies her search.
43) 0) text: Jenny creeps toward the stairs in her stockinged feet. Sh looks in the bathroom. The STAR MAN isn't there. She deci to go downstairs.
44) 0) text: The STAR MAN isn't in the living room. Jenny sidles along the wall for the front door. At the archway to the den a  hissing sound stops her. She peers around the molding. Th spill from the stairwell light provides the only illumina The STAR MAN is sitting on the edge of a chair with his b to her. He is naked. A dot of light is HISSING around his head. The shadows in the room make it difficult for Jenny tell exactly what is going on. Pointing the .45 at the STAR MAN, she steps into the room for a better look. The floor creaks and the STAR MAN turn to her. Jenny shudders at what she sees. The STAR MAN is  holding an 8x10 color photograph of Jenny and a man in hi mid-twenties standing on a beach in their bathing suits. The dot of light is copying the man's features onto the S MAN'S translucent head. The top two-thirds of the face is already done. Everything is perfect, even the eyes. Jenny begins to tremble and lowers the gun.
44) 2) text: She sags against the armchair, racked by sobs that are dr out by the FLAP OF THE APPROACHING HELICOPTER. The STAR M with the dot of light stopped on his left cheek, gets up takes the gun from her. He drops it on the couch and raises his eyes to the sound the helicopter NOW DIRECTLY OVER THE HOUSE. THROUGH THE  WINDOWS, we can SEE the searchlight scouring the hillside next to the back yard. The STAR MAN returns to the picture and resumes his  transformation. He completes the chin, then continues dow weaving skin and filling in the human characteristics ove the entire body.
48) 0) text: Jenny, sitting on the floor with her arms wrapped around knees, is reflected in a mirror fastened to the back of t closet door. The STAR MAN edges around the door to look a himself in the glass. In baggy tan cords, a windbreaker a a plaid shirt, buttoned all the way to the neck and a but in the wrong hole halfway down the front, he looks like a innocent abroad. He notices the shirt is askew across his chest and, with his new hands, awkwardly resets the butto He looks himself over. His movements resemble a human's b are noticeably more precise. The clothes seem right so he leans into the mirror to ins his face. He squeezes the skin on his cheeks, examines hi eyes, turns his head as far as he can to inspect the side of his face, folds his ears forward to check the skin beh them and he even gives a good two-fisted tug to his hair see if it is on securely. He turns from the mirror and goes over to where the .45 a a leg pouch from his life-support suit are lying on the b next to a snapshot of the man whose identity he has taken In the picture the man is dressed exactly as the STAR MAN now. The STAR MAN picks up the gun and the pouch and, spe to Jenny in his own language, steps to the door and motio for her to follow. Jenny consciously ignores him. The STA MAN comes over, reaches down and grabs her arm to pull he to her feet. Jenny squirms back, but he holds her tight. looks at the hand, almost touches it, then up at the fami yet disturbingly unfamiliar face above her.
48) 1) dialog: Please...
48) 3) text: The STAR MAN gets her to her feet and hustles her out of room. On the dresser is Jenny's wedding picture. The man STAR MAN has become is her husband.
49) 0) text: The STAR MAN pulls Jenny down the stairs.
49) 2) text: The STAR MAN guides her into the entryway and reaches for the front door. Realizing his intentions, Jenny increases her struggle and manages to pull away.
49) 4) text: The STAR MAN looks intently at her, then opens the front  door. He taps his chest, points to Jenny and motions to t dawn outside.
49) 6) text: As Jenny backs into the living room, the STAR MAN closes door. He raises the gun, examines it quickly, then with h finger around the trigger, points it at Jenny.
49) 7) dialog: Please.
49) 9) text: The STAR MAN swings the muzzle sights across Jenny's body and FIRES. A FLOOR VASE EXPLODES. Jenny turns to look at remains, then back to the STAR MAN.
50) 0) text: The Mustang is backing out of the driveway with Jenny beh the wheel and the STAR MAN perched nervously on the passe seat.
51) 0) text: Wary of what will happen next, the STAR MAN watches Jenny move the gear selector to the drive position. The car jerks forward and he grabs the dashboard to keep  from toppling back in the seat. During the ride up the block, his head swivels from side side trying to take in as much of the darkened urban land as he can. When the car stops at a 'stop' sign, he looks Jenny questioningly.
51) 1) dialog: Please...
51) 6) dialog: (measured) That way.
51) 9) text: She starts her right turn without looking left and fails see a little MG approaching from that direction. The WAIL THE AIR HORN startles Jenny and reflexively she slams on brakes. The Mustang stalls and the MG squeals around them. Jenny  checks the STAR MAN. He has pressed himself against the  passenger door. The gun lies on the seat next to him. The both look at it. The STAR MAN recovers and picks it up.
51) 13) text: The STAR MAN looks at her uncomprehendingly.
53) 0) text: The STAR MAN is watching Jenny drive. A set of headlights rushes TOWARD US in the other lane. Jenny twists around t follow the car as it goes by and we SEE the desperation o her face. When she returns her attention to the road, she sneaks a  glance at the STAR MAN to see if her action has given awa her state of mind. His expression hasn't changed. Jenny t a deep breath and lets it out slowly. Uttering a phrase i his own language, the STAR MAN touches the steering wheel
53) 2) dialog: (thinking the steering  wheel is called  'what," he repeats) What.
53) 5) dialog: (repeats) Ah no.
53) 8) dialog: (correcting her) What.
53) 11) dialog: (repeats) Steering wheel.
53) 13) dialog: Gear shift.
53) 15) dialog: Dashboard.
53) 16) text: Jenny sees a police car creeping across the intersection  ahead of her and interrupts the lesson to stare at it. Th STAR MAN looks to where she is looking.
53) 17) dialog: (alarmed) What?!
53) 19) dialog: (remembering) Police...
53) 22) text: With his eyes on the police car the STAR MAN ignores her.
53) 24) text: The STAR MAN is intent on the police car. Jenny gives up  trying to distract him. The patrol car passes out of thei view. The STAR MAN lowers the gun and looks at Jenny.
53) 25) dialog: (unprompted, points  correctly at each  item) Steering wheel... gear shift...  dashboard...
53) 27) dialog: Good.
54) 2) dialog: That way.
54) 4) dialog: Good.
55) 0) text: While the STAR MAN picks through the contents of the glov compartment, Jenny looks for a way to escape. An all-nigh laundromat is a possibility, but it's deserted. The STAR finds the switch on a flash-light and flicks it on and of
55) 1) dialog: What?
55) 4) dialog: What?
55) 6) text: Jenny sees a set of headlights turn into the oncoming lan She slides her eyes toward the STAR MAN. He is busy looki through the Coupons. Jenny measures the distance between Mustang and the oncoming lights. The STAR MAN holds up on of the Coupons and points to a picture of the product.
55) 7) dialog: What?
55) 9) dialog: Pancakes.
55) 11) dialog: What?
55) 13) dialog: What?
57) 0) text: The STAR MAN sucks himself back in terror as the van desc on him. It swings past his window and clips the rear fend of the Mustang. Both vehicles shudder to a stop. Jenny cl at her door. It swings open. She is halfway out before th STAR MAN manages to grab the tail of her sweatshirt. Jenn begins to scream at the top of her lungs and keeps it up  while he tries to wrestle her down on the seat.
58) 10) text: The STAR MAN increases his efforts and Jenny loses her gr on one of the door frames.
58) 13) text: The STAR MAN frees his right hand and blindly searches th floor for the gun. He comes up with it and, shoving the b in the Man's face, barks a harsh command in his language. The Man freezes and Jenny stops struggling. It's suddenly very quiet on the street.
58) 16) text: The STAR MAN claps a hand over her mouth.
58) 18) text: He keeps his eyes on the STAR MAN until he reaches the ba of the Mustang, steals a quick look at the license plate, then blots for his van. The STAR MAN takes his hand off  Jenny's mouth and slams her back into her seat. Uttering expletive in his language he points the gun in her face a keeping it there indicates the red dot on the satel compa floating undisturbed above the dashboard.
58) 19) dialog: Go.
60) 2) text: The STAR MAN just stares at her. She points to the gun.
66) 1) dialog: R-r-S-s...
67) 0) text: The STAR MAN is copying the letters, upper and lower case from the Owner's Manual he found in the glove compartment onto the back of an envelope.
67) 1) dialog: T-t-U...
67) 3) dialog: u-V-v...
67) 4) text: The STAR MAN looks up as they go by a farm.
67) 5) dialog: (pointing correctly  to the various animals) Cow... Dog... Pig...
67) 7) dialog: W-w...
67) 9) dialog: What?
67) 11) text: Without smiling the STAR MAN opens his mouth and emits a  short chirping laugh.
67) 13) text: The STAR MAN laughs harder. Jenny watches him warily. He  starts to hiccup. He is unable to control it through the  laughter.
68) 6) dialog: (to the room) This one has a weapon.
70) 1) dialog: (reading slowly) The United States of America. In God  We Trust. Ten dollars.
70) 4) dialog: Money.
70) 7) text: Confused, the STAR MAN puts the money back into Jenny's w and reads the first card through its plastic window.
70) 8) dialog: Mi-chi-gan driver li-see-ens...  Jennyhaydn... Money?
70) 10) text: Under the license is a picture of Jenny smiling broadly. STAR MAN looks at Jenny, back at the picture, then imitat the smile for Jenny.
70) 11) dialog: What?
70) 13) dialog: Smile... good?
70) 16) dialog: (impressed) What?!
70) 18) dialog: (reaching into the  leg pouch he took  from his life-support  suit) Minneapolis... Minneapolis...
70) 23) dialog: Minneapolis... good.
70) 27) text: The STAR MAN looks at the gauge. Jenny scrunches against door to avoid contact with him.
70) 29) dialog: No gas.
72) 2) dialog: Gas good?
73) 2) text: The STAR MAN contemplates the station as they pass it, th turns to Jenny, puzzled:
73) 3) dialog: Go.
73) 5) dialog: Closed?
73) 7) text: There are no more gas stations in sight. The STAR MAN bec bored with the silence. He picks up Jenny's wallet. The  driver's license is familiar so he flips to the next wind In it is a picture of an older man and woman standing in  front of a church.
73) 8) dialog: What?
73) 10) dialog: Who am I?
73) 12) dialog: (mirrors her gestures) Who is he? Who is she? Who are you?  Who am I? (pause; it clicks for  him and he points at  Jenny) Who are you?
73) 14) dialog: (flips back to her  license and reads) Jennyhaydn.
73) 17) dialog: I am...
73) 20) dialog: From?
73) 22) dialog: (leans forward to  look with her) Space?
73) 24) text: The STAR MAN spots a station on the other side of the  Interstate.
73) 25) dialog: Gas.
73) 28) dialog: No gas.
73) 30) text: They both scan the horizon for a gas station. When one do come up immediately, the STAR MAN flips to the next pictu in the wallet. It is of the man he has become. He is lean against a fire truck, in uniform.
73) 31) dialog: Who?
73) 33) dialog: I am husband?
73) 35) text: Silence. The STAR MAN catches her mood. A tear rolls down Jenny's cheek.
73) 37) dialog: Shit?
73) 39) dialog: (likes the sound of  it) Shit... shit... what shit?
73) 43) text: The STAR MAN does as he is told. He doesn't like it, but does it. With his lips puckered, he looks straight down t road. The car rises out of a gulley. Topping a knoll stra ahead is a gas station with an enormous Exxon sign revolv above it. With his lips firmly pressed together, he tugs  Jenny's sleeve and points.
73) 45) text: The STAR MAN reaches forward and squeezes the satel compa back into his palms.
75) 0) text: The STAR MAN'S hand closes around the butt of the .45 whe he sees the ATTENDANT step out of the office.
75) 1) dialog: Who?
75) 3) dialog: No.
75) 9) dialog: (draws his fingers  over his lips) You. Mouth closed.
75) 11) text: The STAR MAN stuffs the gun into the left pocket of his b cords just as the Attendant arrives at the driver's door.
75) 13) text: The STAR MAN looks at Jenny for help. She sweeps her fing across her mouth to indicate her lips are sealed. The STA MAN peeks around her at the Attendant.
75) 14) dialog: (overly loud) ...Gas...
75) 16) text: He leaves the window. The STAR MAN watches him until the  nozzle is in the Mustang, then pleased with himself, turn to Jenny and lifts his face into a 'smile.'
76) 0) text: Jenny gets out of the car. When she straightens up, she f the STAR MAN staring at her over the roof. She slams the  door and strides rapidly in the direction of the ladies'  room. Stuffing the green pouch in his pocket, the STAR MA trots after her.
76) 2) text: The STAR MAN looks at her but doesn't move. Jenny snarls frustration, then with the STAR MAN on her heels, stalks the ladies' room and throws open the door.
77) 0) text: The STAR MAN follows Jenny inside.
77) 4) dialog: No.
77) 7) text: She continues out. The STAR MAN goes after her.
78) 4) text: He takes the door from her and pushes it open for a look  inside. Jenny ducks into the ladies' room. He is confused for a moment then takes a long look at the men's room. It means nothing to him. He backs out and tries the ladies'  room. It is locked. Not knowing what to do, the STAR MAN  stands uncomfortably in front of the door, then like a ch waiting for his mother, he sits on the curb. He watches t Attendant lift the Mustang's hood and reach in for the  dipstick. The numbers on the pumps turn over, adding up t gallons and the cost of the gas. Everything is peaceful and quiet within the circle of lig cast by the gas station. The STAR MAN pulls the camera di out of his pocket and points it at the pumps. The cone of light flashes out and pulls back its three-dimensional im The Attendant turns around and waves genially at the STAR MAN, who waves back a perfect imitation of the gesture. The SHARP RUMBLE of a SOUPED-UP HONDA MOTORCYCLE coming u the off-ramp shatters the mood and the STAR MAN gets to h feet. He is startled by the image of the RIDER. In a one piece  driving skin and helmet he looks amazingly like a space  traveller. The STAR MAN steps cautiously forward for a be look and mutters something to himself in his language. Th rider stops his bike at the second row of pumps and swing himself stiffly out of the seat.
78) 10) text: The rider's approach frightens the STAR MAN. He backs up the ladies' room door and knocks. There is no answer. He  tries the knob. With the other hand he inches the gun sli out of his pocket.
80) 0) text: The STAR MAN tenses and forces a smile as the Rider passe in front of him. A VOICE comes from behind the faceplate.
80) 2) dialog: (thru the smile) Gas.
80) 4) text: The rider enters the men's room. As the door closes behin him, the STAR MAN's face falls and he knocks frantically the ladies' room door. Jenny opens it under his knuckles. blocks the doorway and she backs up as he steps inside.
81) 0) text: The STAR MAN looks around. Jenny's eyes widen at what is  happening behind him. The pneumatic arm above the door is pulling it shut to reveal her paper towel pasted to the b The message on it, written in red lipstick, reads: KIDNAP GOING W ON 169 JADE MUS. LIC#PXV237.
81) 2) text: She tries to swing the door open and hide her message aga the wall, but she is too slow. The STAR MAN sees it and s forward to read.
81) 3) dialog: Kid-nap-ped... go-ing W o-n...
81) 6) text: Other graffiti on the door helps convince the STAR MAN Je message has nothing to do with him and after a last look it, he follows her.
82) 0) text: A CAN of Coke CLATTERS DOWN the chute of a drink dispense Jenny picks it up and, with the STAR MAN hovering at her  shoulder, moves on to the candy machine. He watches a qua disappear into the slot and when Jenny picks another one of her purse, he points to it.
82) 1) dialog: Money.
82) 4) dialog: What?
82) 7) dialog: (as it tumbles into  the bin) Money... candy.
82) 13) dialog: (to himself) Thank you.
82) 15) dialog: What is... (reads off the can) ...Coke?
82) 17) dialog: (holds his hand out  for it) I...
82) 19) dialog: I want to try it.
82) 21) text: The STAR MAN fills his mouth, swirls it around and swallo
82) 22) dialog: (after a loud burp) Good.
82) 25) text: The STAR MAN takes another drink. He stops dead when he l the can. Jenny continues for a few steps before she reali he isn't with her. She looks back over her shoulder. Her  eyes go immediately to where he is looking. The license p PXV 237 hangs like an accusation on the front bumper of t Mustang. Jenny decides to brazen it out.
82) 27) dialog: (throws the can to  the ground) Shit!
83) 0) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN ride along in tight-lipped silence
83) 1) dialog: What is kidnapped?
83) 3) dialog: (yells) Kidnapped!!!
83) 4) text: She flinches but remains silent. The STAR MAN snatches th paper towel off his lap and flaps it in her face, jabbing the word violently with a forefinger.
83) 5) dialog: Kidnapped!!! What is kidnapped?!!
83) 8) text: Jenny's outburst rocks the STAR MAN back into silence. He waits for her to calm down, then slowly takes the gun out his pocket.
83) 9) dialog: Jennyhaydn.
83) 11) dialog: I am good. (and he slides the  .45 under his seat)
84) 1) dialog: What is that?
84) 4) dialog: (without looking at  her) Horses.
84) 6) dialog: What?
84) 10) text: The STAR MAN brings the globe close to his mouth and spea into it.
84) 11) dialog: (subtitles) Iron channel message. Transmute was  successful. Have captured one of  them. It is taking me to the pick-up  point in a land vehicle. (eyeing Jenny) I think I can control it by mastering  its language, which is primitive and  easy to learn. Will arrive on time.  Wait for me.
84) 12) text: The STAR MAN opens his hands and, to Jenny's astonishment the ball rises quickly and seeps through her roof without leaving a trace.
90) 0) text: The STAR MAN is driving. It is obvious that he doesn't se the red light facing him. But Jenny does. And she also se the trucks closing in from either side.
90) 2) text: The STAR MAN doesn't see it, doesn't believe her, doesn't slow down.
92) 0) text: The prows of the trucks loom over Jenny and the STAR MAN  and, for a fleeting instant, it looks like they will join the bugs imbedded in the radiators.
94) 2) dialog: (sheepish) It was yellow.
94) 4) text: The STAR MAN looks back for the traffic light. It is hang from a pole in the middle of the road. Under it the truck DRIVERS are climbing out of the cabs.
94) 5) dialog: I will see it next time.
94) 7) text: The STAR MAN angles back into his lane and begins to pick speed.
95) 0) text: Deftly, the STAR MAN moves in and out of the afternoon  traffic. A bus coming in the other direction hits a potho filled with water and the SPLASH covers the Mustang.
96) 0) text: Jenny watches the STAR MAN calmly turn on the wipers and washer and clean the windshield. The light above the  intersection ahead turns red and, even though he is still fiddling with the wipers, the STAR MAN manages a smooth s back of the crosswalk.
96) 2) dialog: My... (searches for word) ...car will take me... (pokes finger toward  sky) ...up there... home.
96) 3) text: The light changes and the STAR MAN continues down the str
96) 5) dialog: I do not understand.
96) 9) dialog: Yes.
96) 11) dialog: Yes. Day... night.
96) 13) dialog: Three nights... two days.
96) 15) dialog: I need you.
96) 17) dialog: No.
96) 19) dialog: No.
96) 21) dialog: No.
96) 23) text: The STAR MAN is unyielding.
96) 25) dialog: (taps the red dot on  the satel compass) When we get here.
96) 28) text: Her upper lip trembles and, in spite of herself, she migh cry. The STAR MAN sees the center lane is open. He checks his side mirror and drifts over, only to be caught by a l The car is still rolling when Jenny makes her move. She t open the door and, by the time the STAR MAN turns around, she is out and running.
96) 29) dialog: Jennyhaydn!
97) 0) text: Over her shoulder, Jenny can see the Mustang coming. She  dodges up a brick walkway toward a J.C. Penney shopping m The Mustang skids to a stop at the curb. The STAR MAN jum out in time to see Jenny push her way past a stream of  pedestrian traffic and enter the mall. He leaves the car zigzags through the people in that direction.
98) 0) text: As he barges in, the STAR MAN accidentally knocks a cup o Coke out of a YOUNG MAN's hand.
98) 1) dialog: Hey!!
98) 6) text: The STAR MAN holds the baby out to her. She grabs it out of his hands and he turns to leave.
98) 10) text: Not understanding, the STAR MAN tries to get by them. The push him back.
98) 11) dialog: Please.
98) 14) text: Two steps and Burt is on the STAR MAN. He spins him aroun
98) 17) dialog: (stutters) Please.
98) 18) text: Burt pulls the STAR MAN up by his shirt front and shakes  him.
98) 20) text: Fear erases the STAR MAN's tenuous grasp of English and h begins to jabber in his own language. This makes Burt eve madder.
98) 22) dialog: Jennyhaydn!
98) 24) dialog: Jennyhaydn!
98) 28) text: She barges into the fray and starts peeling the men away  from the STAR MAN.
98) 30) text: The men do. Jenny pushes the sleeve of the torn wind-brea back up on the STAR MAN's shoulder.
98) 37) text: She stares at him until he does, then leads the STAR MAN  down the path that opens for them in the crowd. They pass MALL GUARD who has just arrived.
99) 2) text: Still shaken, the STAR MAN nods. Jenny realizes that it i comforting to him to have his hand in hers and she leads like a child down the sidewalk to the Mustang.
99) 3) dialog: (as Jenny puts him in  the passenger seat) Thank you.
100) 4) text: We FOLLOW Jenny THROUGH the people milling around the ben in the waiting area TO the STAR MAN seated in an open-fac coffee shop. He is watching a MOTHER feed her baby in the booth across from him. A map of the United States is spre out on the formica. Jenny plunks herself down catty-corne from him. The tear in his sleeve has been closed with saf pins.
100) 6) dialog: (pointing to baby) Is that a baby?
100) 8) dialog: A baby is a new person?
100) 10) dialog: Do you have a baby?
100) 12) dialog: Why?
100) 14) dialog: Why?
100) 16) text: The STAR MAN looks at the map. Lathrop Wells is a small t north of Las Vegas on Highway 95. From there he runs his  finger to a spot in the Funeral Range of Death Valley.
100) 17) dialog: But I must go here.
100) 19) dialog: (suspicious) What is hitchhike?
100) 21) text: The STAR MAN nods that he understands.
100) 23) dialog: 'Salt Lake City, please. I do not  speak English.'
100) 25) dialog: But I speak English.
100) 27) dialog: (indignant) I do not speak English.
100) 29) dialog: (impatient) 'Las Vegas, please. I do not speak  English.' What is hitchhike?
100) 31) dialog: Yes.
100) 35) dialog: (falling into step  next to her) 'Lathrop Wells, please. I do not  speak English.'
100) 37) text: Jenny takes a few sweeps at an imaginary highway with her thumb. The stares this pantomime draws make the STAR MAN  more nervous about the bus trip than he already is.
100) 39) dialog: The car will stop?
100) 41) text: The STAR MAN stops.
100) 42) dialog: When do I get to Lathrop Wells?
101) 2) text: The STAR MAN hangs back when he sees the security guards.
101) 4) dialog: Can I have the gun?
101) 10) dialog: (nervous) Yes.
101) 13) dialog: Go?
101) 15) dialog: Goodbye.
101) 17) dialog: Jennyhaydn.
101) 19) dialog: Please stay.
101) 22) text: A family of four climbs aboard and the line moves up. The STAR MAN is alert to everything happening on the platform Jenny sneaks him an affectionate look. No one in front of him has baggage to check and they move quickly past the D until the STAR MAN is next in line.
101) 24) text: The STAR MAN hands the Driver his ticket. The Driver rips out the first coupon and hands it back.
101) 28) dialog: (touches his cheek) What?
101) 31) text: The STAR MAN climbs the steps just ahead of him. The door closes. Its ENGINE REVVING, the bus backs out of its stal Jenny catches a glimpse of the STAR MAN bent over in the  aisle looking out at her. She waves until the bus rounds building.
103) 0) text: LOOKING OVER Jenny's SHOULDER, we SEE the Star Man waitin for her at the curb.
103) 4) dialog: I was afraid.
107) 2) dialog: It was a mistake.
108) 2) dialog: No. My ship was doing a map of all  the suns and...
108) 4) dialog: We were doing a map of the stars and  all the other things up there when  we saw a small ship. My... eh... we  kidnapped it. On it there was a map  that said how to come to Earth. This  was very important. Before then, we  thought we were the only people in  all the stars.
108) 6) dialog: Yes?
108) 8) dialog: We told our home, and the people who  tell us what to do on my planet said  to come and look but not to talk,  not to land, not to shoot. Just to  look from up there. We came and...  the driver of my ship...
108) 10) dialog: The captain wanted to land to see  close and to get some things from  Earth to take home. The police came  and shot at us. One of the people  from my ship was killed.
108) 12) dialog: I don't understand 'friend.'
108) 14) dialog: He was a good friend... The captain  took the ship away fast and I was  not in the ship.
108) 16) dialog: I understand.
108) 18) dialog: What is hell?
108) 20) dialog: He will.
108) 21) text: Pause. Jenny feels the STAR MAN staring at her. She turns look at him. His gaze doesn't waver. She looks back at th road, then back at the STAR MAN.
108) 23) dialog: Are you my friend?
108) 25) dialog: (smiles) I am your friend.
110) 0) text: Jenny is driving. The STAR MAN finds a RELIGIOUS STATION the RADIO.
110) 2) dialog: (during the above) Who is God?
110) 5) dialog: Why?
110) 7) text: The STAR MAN lets it drop and finds a COUNTRY AND WESTERN STATION.
110) 8) dialog: I like this music.
110) 10) dialog: Not all... but it feels like a kiss.
110) 13) dialog: Yes.
110) 15) dialog: I do not want to.
110) 19) text: He turns away from her, clears his throat and begins. His singing is like nothing we have ever heard. Vibrations of tones and glottal stops blend into a haunting, seductive  fugue. The STAR MAN stops.
110) 20) dialog: I am not a good singer.
110) 22) dialog: (incredulous) You liked my singing?
111) 0) text: With the STAR MAN's SERENADE WAFTING over the Nebraska pl we FALL BACK TO FIND a Highway Patrol car tagging along a safe distance behind the Mustang.
112) 0) text: The STAR MAN stops the Mustang in front of the office. He and Jenny get out and go inside. As the door closes on th three Nebraska Highway Patrol cars speed up the off-ramp. The lead car turns right on a surface street and enters t motel parking lot at the far end. The middle car goes straight across the intersection and  positions itself at the curb next to the driveway, giving access to a frontage road which leads to an on-ramp. The  last car also turns right on the surface street, but park in a restaurant parking lot directly across from the offi
113) 4) text: Drawn by the bright colors on their covers, the STAR MAN  wanders over to the magazine rack. By chance, he selects copy of 'Playgirl' and begins to look through it.
113) 13) dialog: Jenny, look...
113) 14) text: From behind the STAR MAN, we WATCH Jenny react to the ope Playgirl centerfold that he is holding up.
113) 16) dialog: But I have never seen this before. I  am not complete.
113) 19) text: The STAR MAN swivels the picture around so that he can se it. Jenny hands the smirking Clerk her credit card. He st to the side and inserts it into the imprinter. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees a dot of light leave the STAR  MAN's forehead to drop behind the magazine and into his  trousers. The Clerk glances over at Jenny to see if she hears the  HISSING that is going on behind the STAR MAN's fly. She d and she hopes it'll stop soon. His eyes on the STAR MAN, Clerk fumbles the key to 117 off the rack.
115) 2) text: In the office, he can see Jenny and the STAR MAN leave th counter and head for the door. He raises a pair of binocu to his eyes for a good head-on look at them.
116) 0) text: THROUGH the WINDSHIELD, we can SEE Jenny and the STAR MAN approaching the Mustang.
117) 1) dialog: I want a drink. May I have two  quarters?
117) 4) dialog: On the radio they say it's good.
118) 0) text: Jenny's behind hasn't even hit the seat before she sees t patrol car parked on the frontage road off to her left. S looks at the STAR MAN. He's busy pounding on the drink  machine. She turns around to check the lot behind her and spots the patrol car there.
118) 1) dialog: (coming to the car  with a drink can in  each hand) The machine gave me two. Should I  put one back?
118) 3) dialog: (rounding the hood) You can have one.
118) 5) text: The STAR MAN stiffens when he sees the patrol car on the  frontage road.
118) 6) dialog: Are you angry at me?
122) 0) text: At the SOUND, the STAR MAN snaps his attention to the rea view mirror. It's ablaze with police lights. He tromps on the gas.
124) 0) text: The Mustang careens down the on-ramp and squeezes into th traffic a hair's breath ahead of an 18-wheeler. This cuts off the patrol cars momentarily, but the Mustang doesn't  have the speed to stay ahead of them. Using the other car on the road as shields, the STAR MAN dodges from lane to  lane trying to keep the police from coming alongside.
125) 0) text: The lead patrol car feints forward on the STAR MAN's side The STAR MAN sways over to cut it off and the middle patr car slips in next to Jenny. The STAR MAN grabs the gun fr under the seat.
127) 0) text: Jenny screams. A shotgun blast from the middle patrol car rips through t door and into Jenny. Part of the FRONT WINDOW is BLOWN OU Bleeding badly, she slumps against the STAR MAN.
127) 1) dialog: Jennyhaydn! Jennyhaydn!!
127) 2) text: Her eyelids flutter open and she tries to speak, but can' The middle patrol car is lining up for another shot. The  STAR MAN slams the Mustang into it, sending it spinning o the shoulder and into a ditch. The last patrol car speeds up to replace it. The lead pat car slips in next to the STAR MAN. They've got him in a  sandwich. The STAR MAN stands on his brakes.
129) 0) text: The STAR MAN squints against the headlights of the on-com traffic as he calmly wedges his way straight through it.
130) 0) text: The lead patrol car tries to follow him but is clipped by Cadillac swerving to avoid the STAR MAN and bounced back  into the center divider. The last patrol car parallels th Mustang in the westbound lanes.
131) 0) text: The STAR MAN realizes he's still boxed in. A car carrier  swerves by on his left. The lane behind is open. The STAR MAN takes advantage of the opportunity.
133) 0) text: Jenny moans as the car jostles over the rough ground. The STAR MAN puts out a hand to cushion her ride. His headlig pick up a gravel road splitting the field and he turns on it. In a quick look back, he sees the patrol car shooting across the highway after him.
135) 0) text: The Mustang barrels around a curve and slides to a surpri stop before a gate in a barbed wire fence that ends the r With the .45 in his hand, the STAR MAN jumps out of the c and tries the gate. It is locked. When he turns back to the car, he sees something that  frightens him more than the approaching patrol cars. A  helicopter has joined the chase. He looks for a place to  hide. A stand of cottonwood and elm fifty yards on the ot side of the gate offers the only protection. The STAR MAN opens the passenger door. Jenny is soaked in her own blood. He hooks the strap of her purse over his  shoulder, lifts her tenderly and, cradling her in his arm wiggles between a fence post and the gate and jogs into t trees.
136) 2) text: Shermin pushes the seat forward. The STAR MAN's life-supp suit is stuffed in the space behind it. The patrol cars s around the curve.
137) 0) text: Jenny's limp weight is beginning to slow the STAR MAN. He hears the bullhorn but doesn't stop.
139) 0) text: A deep shadow on the other side of an elm offers a likely hiding place. He moves through the underbrush toward it.  Without warning, his feet begin to slip out from under hi He struggles to regain his balance. When he does he looks down to find himself staring at a R RIVER 150 feet below. The bank on the other side is just few feet above the water and in the moonlight he can see flat plain cut by a highway that stretches into the dista Slowly, he backs away from the edge of the cliff. From under the elm he watches the helicopter sweep out ov the ravine. Its searchlight darts toward him bleaching th treeline. The overhanging branches cloak him and Jenny an the light passes without picking them up. The STAR MAN ad his grip on Jenny and starts off in the opposite directio from the helicopter to look for a way down the cliff.
140) 0) text: Shermin, his people and the patrolmen are combing the woo with flashlights in a picketline search. The Third Driver stops at the mouth of a clearing that runs between the  cottonwood and elm to the cliff. He takes a bite off a bl of chewing tobacco. As he replaces it in his pocket, he sees a shadow flit ac the far end of the clearing. He swings his flashlight in  that direction. The beam catches a piece of Jenny and the STAR MAN.
141) 0) text: Standing on the rim of the gorge, the STAR MAN sees the r of his pursuers' flashlights choking off any possible esc He eases Jenny to the ground behind a boulder. She whimpe with the pain.
141) 1) dialog: (strokes her cheek) You will be all right.
144) 0) text: The STAR MAN sets down with the smoothness of a man stepp off an escalator. He looks over his shoulder. The helicop is still concentrating its spotlight on the ridge. He spe to the ball in his language.
144) 1) dialog: (subtitles) Iron channel message. Almost caught  by pursuers. This may hinder escape.  Wait for me.
146) 0) text: In the middle of the empty bedroom, the STAR MAN tries to cushion Jenny against the sudden JOLTS made by the semi a it lumbers out of the parking lot.
148) 0) text: The STAR MAN moves Jenny into a rectangle of moonlight sh on the floor by a high, wide window and strips off her bl The cold light marbles Jenny's skin and makes the blood f her wounds appear black. With her blouse, the STAR MAN wi away the blood on the right side of her head and neck. He finds a deep glass cut on her cheek and two entry points her neck. He concentrates on her cheek and we can SEE the glow of his brain through his human skin. A bit of the white light comes out of his forehead. It tu across to Jenny's cheek and settles into the wound. The S MAN watches intently as one end of the wound flares brigh for an instant, then dies. The flesh left behind has been closed without a scar. A larger piece of light drops out of his forehead into wh left of the gash. With that area suffused in a healing gl he shifts his focus to the pellet holes on her neck. He s two pieces of light plunging into the wounds. Immediately they spread into halos which we can SEE radiating from un the skin. Out of the night comes a LONG BLAST ON the AIR HORN and t STAR MAN has to steady Jenny as the truck swerves around  something in the highway. When it settles back into its ride, the STAR MAN wipes th blood off Jenny's shoulder. The beams of the passing cars through the plastic catch the fatigue on the STAR MAN's f as he works over Jenny.
150) 0) text: It's still dark in here. With a chunk of light in his lef hand, the STAR MAN dabs at the last of Jenny's wounds, le behind a phosphorescent bandage. More of these patches gl up and down her right side. He checks her over to see if  he's missed a wound. He hasn't. He covers her with his windbreaker and, exhausted by his  efforts, sits back against the wall. He waits to see that Jenny is sleeping comfortably, then presses the palms of hands together. The satel compass appears between them. T green dot tells him he is still on course.
155) 4) text: There is no one in the kitchen and she continues into the living room. It is empty. Jenny opens the door to an encl back porch. It is also empty. The STAR MAN is gone. She  returns to the living room and stands there not really kn what to do next. The countryside rushes by outside a floo to-ceiling picture window. A WAIL FROM the semi's AIR HORN jars Jenny out of her rev and she goes to press her cheek against the window. She i looking past her left hand at the road when she notices a wide green ring on her finger above her wedding band. She steps back from the window to examine it, then with some  trepidation, twists it off. As it clears the end of her  finger, the STAR MAN's VOICE SPEAKS OUT OF IT.
155) 5) dialog: Jennyhay...
155) 6) text: Jenny drops the ring as if she'd been stung. The STAR MAN voice stops as soon as she does and the ring bounces acro the floor until it hits the baseboard. It looks innocent  enough lying there, but Jenny has a great deal of trouble making herself approach it. When she finally picks it up, it does nothing. She turns in her hand and when the side of the ring hole that was f her when she took the ring off faces her again, the STAR  MAN's VOICE CONTINUES.
155) 7) dialog: ...nd. You are all fixed. I'm sorry  you were shot. I was a big problem  for you. Thank you for your help. I  can go to my ship alone now.
160) 0) text: A passing car TAKES US TO the STAR MAN as he runs along t shoulder to a maroon and white '57 Chevy that has pulled to pick him up.
161) 2) dialog: Las Vegas, please. I do not speak  English.
162) 2) text: The STAR MAN smiles.
162) 4) text: The STAR MAN starts to point to the sky, then catches him
162) 5) dialog: I don't understand.
162) 7) text: These are foreign words to the STAR MAN and he pastes on smile.
162) 9) dialog: (pretending) I don't understand.
162) 11) dialog: No.
162) 13) dialog: I understand.
162) 15) dialog: (searches for an  answer, then) I make maps.
162) 17) dialog: Eh... yes.
162) 19) dialog: No.
162) 21) text: He sticks a cigarette in his mouth and flips one up for t STAR MAN.
162) 23) text: The STAR MAN takes it, quickly examines it, then position it in his mouth at the exact angle the Cook did. His eyeb raise when the Cook flicks his Bic and puffs an ash on th end of his cigarette. The butane flame is swung in his direction and he flinche back before allowing the Cook to singe his Camel. He copi the Cook's puffing and the end of his cigarette begins to glow.
162) 25) text: The Cook inhales deeply from his cigarette and blows smok at the windshield. The STAR MAN mimics the inhalation, th chokes. His eyes bulge and his cheeks puff out as he trie to be cool and not cough. The Cook takes no notice of his struggles.
162) 27) text: Smoke starts to dribble out of the Star Man's nose and mo Puzzled, he re-examines his cigarette.
162) 29) text: The Cook takes another drag. As if etiquette required it, the STAR MAN hurries to copy him. This time there are no effects.
162) 31) dialog: No.
162) 33) text: The Cook flicks his ash out of the window. A moment later the STAR MAN mirrors his action.
162) 35) dialog: It is beautiful.
164) 6) text: An OLDER MAN, with a face seamed by cigarettes and weathe waves at her from the counter.
164) 7) dialog: I'm going to Des Moines. If you can  wait till I finish here, you're  welcome to ride along.
171) 1) dialog: Ready?
173) 2) dialog: (getting out) Thank you.
173) 4) text: As an afterthought, the STAR MAN duplicates the Cook's wa then heads down the ramp. As he clears the frame, our VIE ZOOMS AND ZOOMS AND ZOOMS UNTIL we can SEE a piece of the roadblock in the valley below him. During the MOVE-IN, we BEGIN TO PICK UP CB CHATTER.
175) 0) text: In the style prescribed by Jenny, the STAR MAN raises his thumb to a dilapidated Vega shimmying down the on-ramp. T two blue-haired ladies inside are afraid to look at him a they go by. He has the same luck with an attractive blond secretary that passes on the highway.
179) 0) text: A dun-colored Roadrunner gurgles down the ramp and stops front of the STAR MAN. Two grubby LONG HAIRS in worn west clothes are inside with boxes of house-hold utensils and  duffle bags.
179) 2) dialog: Las Vegas, please.
179) 6) text: The STAR MAN opens the door and gets in.
180) 0) text: The CB CONTINUES TO CRACKLE with news of the roadblock.  Jenny's eyes restlessly search the overpass under the whi yellow chicken for any sign of the STAR MAN. She sees the dun-colored Roadrunner waiting at the foot of the on-ramp for a break in the traffic, but she is too far away to se who's inside. As the Porsche gets closer, it overtakes an wheeler and Jenny's view of the Roadrunner is cut off  entirely. She passes without seeing the STAR MAN.
184) 0) text: The STAR MAN spots Jenny standing on the line peering int the on-coming cars for signs of him. He becomes agitated his mouth begins to move soundlessly. There is a break in the traffic and Jenny dashes to the center divider. The S MAN leans across his driver and yells as the Roadrunner  plunges by her.
184) 1) dialog: JENNYHAYDN!!!
185) 0) text: Jenny spins around to see the Roadrunner skid to a stop o the shoulder and the STAR MAN get out. A motorcycle bombs by. He starts across the lanes of traffic toward Jenny. A truck blasts past him in the slow lane. He is buffeted in the fast lane. Jenny runs down the center divider to meet him. A VW honks, its tires squeal on the pavement as it  swerves around him. He reaches the safety of the center  divider. Jenny throws her arms around him and lays her he against his chest. He stands there uncomfortably not know how to respond to this human emotion.
185) 1) dialog: I told you goodbye. Why are you here?
185) 3) dialog: This car will take me to Las Vegas.  I cannot go back.
185) 6) dialog: If I don't meet the ship, my people  will go home without me.
185) 8) dialog: I will go. But not you.
185) 10) dialog: I don't want you to be hurt.
185) 12) text: Holding the STAR MAN's hand, Jenny pulls him toward the r
185) 14) text: They bolt across the lanes of traffic to the other side o the road where she flags down an old black pickup truck. says something to the driver and she and the STAR MAN cli into the back. As the truck returns to the highway, the C OF AN APPROACHING HELICOPTER OVERPOWERS the TRAFFIC SOUND
191) 0) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN are sitting against the cab, a hor blanket drawn up around their shoulders. They can see the flashing lights coming from way down the road and watch  helplessly as the patrol cars eat up the distance between them.
193) 0) text: For a moment, Jenny and the STAR MAN think they're safe.  That hope turns to despair when the two patrol cars loop  after them. They keep getting closer. The STAR MAN inches the blanket up over his nose. Unexpectedly, the patrol ca are thrown into a skid. When they stop, they are facing e other ready to inspect the traffic coming off 70. They lo the blanket from their faces. Jenny lays her head back ag the cab, exhausted.
193) 1) dialog: The Cook said I speak good English.
194) 0) text: A RUMBLE OF DISTANT THUNDER follows the lightning that fl from the dark clouds hanging on the horizon. Looking  incomplete without its trailer, the tractor/cab of a Mack truck makes a turn on a farm road, revealing Jenny and th STAR MAN standing on the gravel. The STAR MAN looks back where they came from. There is nothing coming so he sets in the other direction.
194) 2) dialog: I must meet my ship.
194) 4) dialog: I feel better if I move.
194) 6) text: The STAR MAN ignores her and continues to walk.
194) 8) text: Jenny turns toward an oncoming car and sticks out her thu The STAR MAN falls into the same pose just back of her. T car honks at them as it breezes by.
194) 9) dialog: (screams after it) Asshole!!
194) 11) dialog: The cook.
195) 2) dialog: I can't stay on this planet.
195) 4) dialog: You promised you would get me to my  ship.
195) 6) dialog: You promised.
195) 8) text: The STAR MAN mutters in his language.
195) 10) dialog: You can stop. I will go on alone.
195) 12) text: The STAR MAN looks at her. With the rain streaming off hi face, he looks at her. For the first time, the reality of the situation hits him. He turns and, swearing in his own language, flails at the rain. A distance from Jenny, he s and cries out in English.
195) 13) dialog: I can't stay here. I want to go home.  I don't want this skin. I don't want  to look like this.
195) 16) dialog: I used the last one to jump off the  cliff...
195) 18) dialog: I can't be late. I don't know if the  radio balloons work above your planet.  I don't know if my words went to the  ship. If I'm not there, the captain  will think I'm dead and go.
196) 0) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN are following the tracks to an  abandoned boxcar.
197) 0) text: The STAR MAN climbs in and pulls Jenny after him. Jenny i shivering badly.
197) 2) text: The STAR MAN scrapes it forward. He activates the satel  compass which lights the interior of the boxcar. While he doing this Jenny turns her back to him and takes off her  jacket. Her teeth chattering, she tries to wring the wate out of it.
197) 3) dialog: You are cold.
197) 5) dialog: I do not get cold.
197) 6) text: Clutching the windbreaker to her breasts, Jenny looks at STAR MAN over her shoulder. It doesn't take her long to m up her mind.
197) 10) text: The STAR MAN does and Jenny jumps as the wet sleeves touc her back.
197) 12) text: It is difficult with Jenny around his waist, but he manag He drapes his arms over her. She snuggles into him. The R POUNDS ON THE ROOF. Gradually, Jenny responds to the STAR MAN's warmth and relaxes. She lifts her head off his ches and looks at him.
197) 13) dialog: What?
197) 15) text: She brushes her lips against his. The STAR MAN's not sure what's happening. But he's not offended. Her next kiss is full and long. He accepts it with his eyes open and when eases back he leans in for more. Jenny responds. As if on command, the satel compass comes from around behind the S MAN to hover in back of Jenny. He takes it between his pa and extinguishes it.
198) 0) text: Jenny awakens and looks around. The STAR MAN is not with  her. As she stands up she hears his VOICE OUTSIDE. He is  speaking to something in his language. She goes to the door to find out what and sees him standi beside a fenced-in pasture talking to the horses inside.
199) 0) text: Jenny joins the STAR MAN at the fence.
199) 2) dialog: Horses.
199) 4) dialog: No.
199) 7) dialog: Do they talk?!
199) 9) dialog: I understand.
199) 12) dialog: I gave you a baby last night.
199) 13) text: Shocked, Jenny looks at him from around the appaloosa's n The STAR MAN is combing a horse's mane with his fingers a he doesn't see her expression.
199) 14) dialog: (meaning the horses) They are beautiful.
199) 16) dialog: You have been very good to me,  Jennyhaydn. (turns to face her) You said you wanted a baby, so I  gave you one.
199) 18) dialog: It will be human and it will look  like this. (touches his face) But when it comes it will know  everything I know and everything you  know. That is something from my planet  that I want your baby to have.
199) 20) dialog: You will have this baby. If you want  it. If you don't, I can stop it now.
199) 21) text: Jenny comes over and puts her arms around the STAR MAN.
202) 0) text: A fire-engine-red Pontiac convertible with two COWBOYS (l fifties) in the front and Jenny and the STAR MAN in the b moves with the traffic along the main drag in the downtow area. The STAR MAN's head swivels from side to side tryin to take in the neon that juts up around him. The converti stops at a light. The cowboy on the passenger side opens door and tips his hat to Jenny as she and the Star Man ge out of the back seat.
203) 0) text: The STAR MAN is afraid of the crush of people and wants t stay close to Jenny, but is fascinated by the whir and cl and jingle of the one-armed bandits that seem to be  everywhere.
203) 1) dialog: Is this gambling?
203) 2) text: Jenny nods. A LADY in curlers and pedal pushers hits a tw dollar jackpot. Hanging onto Jenny's hand the STAR MAN tu around and walks sideways to watch the quarters tumble ou into the lady's shopping bag.
203) 3) dialog: The cowboys were right. You can make  money fast gambling.
204) 0) text: The STAR MAN hangs back to examine a one-armed bandit ins the front door while Jenny goes to the counter. An almost imperceptible blue haze seems to seep from under the STAR MAN's palms as he runs his hands up and down the sides of the machine.
204) 3) text: While the clerk searches for the map the STAR MAN comes u to Jenny.
204) 4) dialog: May I have twenty-five cents, please?
204) 6) dialog: I want to gamble.
204) 9) dialog: I understand. (heading back to the  machine) Thank you.
204) 10) text: He drops a quarter into the slot and pulls the handle. Wh the pictures of fruit spin behind the view window, his ha stroke the sides of the machine. An orange, a pear and a  cherry stop in the view window. At the counter Jenny expl to the clerk that she is hitchhiking and wants the busies route into Death Valley without going through Lathrop Wel The STAR MAN looks long and hard at the machine before pu in his last quarter. He pulls the handle. The blue haze f from his palms, three cherries lock into a line and the o armed bandit begins to spit quarters.
205) 0) text: Jenny is nervous about being here. She feels every face t looks at them could be a cop. The STAR MAN is pulling her through a Maginot Line of slot machines toward a 'Super  Jackpot' machine that advertises a $275,000 payoff.
205) 2) dialog: I know how to gamble now.
205) 4) dialog: I want to get money for you and the  baby.
205) 6) dialog: Inflation, tuition, college. Children  are damned expensive. I know.
205) 8) dialog: (stepping up to the  'Super Jackpot') Yes.
205) 10) text: The STAR MAN pops a gleaming silver dollar into the machi pulls the handle and places his hands against the metal.  Jenny, knowing it can't work, but hoping that it will, st back and gnaws on her thumb. Then she sees the blue haze  vibrating out of the STAR MAN's palms. Jenny stifles a sc She looks around to see if anybody else has noticed. They haven't. The STAR MAN smiles at her. The force field does it's work. A picket line of 7's fills the view window. Am the jangle of bells and flashing lights that accompany a  winner Jenny doesn't know whether she should jump for joy hide her face.
207) 0) text: In the passenger seat the STAR MAN is riffling through a  Columbia "History of the World." A Webster's Dictionary i on the dash in front of him. Wedged between his legs and transmission well is a shopping bag full of money.
207) 2) dialog: This is very interesting. We are  born knowing our history. We have  other books. But not a book like  this.
207) 4) dialog: I understand.
207) 6) dialog: (chuckles) Many of my people will not believe  those things are possible. On my  planet there is only one government,  one people, one language. I will be  asked a lot of questions.
207) 8) dialog: I will say that we can be friends.
207) 12) dialog: If you want to keep it, you can.
207) 14) text: She slips it back on her finger above her wedding band. T drive in silence. The STAR MAN sets the history book on t dash.
207) 16) dialog: You want the baby to laugh at me.
208) 0) text: With the STAR MAN SINGING IN HIS LANGUAGE, the Camaro mov further into Death Valley. The SONG FADES and we:
210) 0) text: The STAR MAN shifts restlessly in his seat as he searches the ghostly landscape for something familiar. He activate the satel compass. The red and green dots are touching.
210) 2) dialog: (absently) Many, many days and nights...
210) 5) text: The STAR MAN shakes his head "no."
210) 7) dialog: No, thank you.
210) 10) text: The STAR MAN smiles wanly at her.
210) 12) text: It only takes the STAR MAN an instant to find his home.
210) 13) dialog: There.
210) 16) dialog: (meaning the star  Capella) The yellow one.
210) 18) dialog: (smiles) I will wave to you.
210) 20) dialog: Oh, shit!
210) 22) text: The STAR MAN is looking through a window at the repair ba lit by a work light. Jenny is standing in a phone shell o the front of the garage, the receiver to her ear. The STAR MAN moves to the office door. He tries the knob. is locked.
210) 24) text: Suddenly the STAR MAN slams his shoulder against the door It swings open.
212) 0) text: Using an air filter top as a basket, the STAR MAN scaveng from the work bench and the car up on the lift, fuses, le of wire, circuit boards from a radio, tubing, metal pipe a Black and Decker drill. While he is doing this we get  glimpses of Jenny pleading his case on the phone. Finally leaving the receiver dangling at the end of its cord, she comes around to stand in the doorway.
213) 2) text: Shermin looks warily at the headset. When the STAR MAN do speak immediately, he takes the initiative.
213) 4) dialog: I must get to my ship, Mr. Shermin.
213) 6) dialog: I don't want to hurt anybody. I just  want to go home.
214) 2) dialog: If I talk to you, I will miss my  ship.
214) 7) dialog: I understand.
215) 0) text: The STAR MAN shaves the rubber off the electrical lines  leading into the fuse box and clips two wires of his own  onto the exposed copper. With Jenny watching we have a mo of the STAR MAN working through the night: modifying the  insides of the Black and Decker drill, cutting out the mi section above the trigger, fitting electrical components  into that area, screwing a pipe into the bit-clamp, weldi it together with the spark that arcs between the electric wires.
216) 0) text: Jenny folds a sheaf of money into a sheet of yellow paper and props it on the cash register. 'For Damages. Thank Yo is scribbled on the front. She runs out to catch the STAR MAN who is on his way to the Camaro.
217) 0) text: Carrying the modified Black and Decker drill the STAR MAN opens the driver's door.
217) 2) dialog: Thank you, Jennyhaydn. You are good.  I must go alone now.
218) 0) text: Both hands on the wheel, Jenny is burning down the center line. The STAR MAN bends two thin wires trailing out from the grip of the drill. Jenny winces as he buries them int the flesh on either side of his left wrist. The car skate around the corner of a low hill. They can see that the Co is still sitting next to the road.
218) 2) text: The STAR MAN is lost in concentration. Jenny kills her lights and glues the accelerator to the f Three MEN scramble from the helicopter with M16s. A BURST SLUGS RIPS THROUGH the Camaro's WINDSHIELD. The STAR MAN  leans out the passenger window and with an other-worldly  scream, fires. The helicopter is BLOWN TO SMITHEREENS. Th concussion throws the men to the ground.
220) 2) text: The STAR MAN slumps in exhaustion and pain.
220) 3) dialog: I do not know how many times I can  do this.
223) 0) text: The STAR MAN draws the satel compass out between his palm The green dot now covers the right half of the red dot. H presses his palms together and looks past Jenny at the ru foothills. The first light of day is starting to color the sky behin them. Jenny and the STAR MAN are startled by the DRUMMING WHOMP OF A HELICOPTER. The STAR MAN looks out the window its source. He can't see anything. The SOUND FADES. In a  moment, it is REPEATED ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CAR and A IT FADES.
223) 1) dialog: If my ship is not here, we are in  trouble.
223) 3) dialog: (points at a  distinctive cone  peak) That's where we landed last time.  Right under that mountain.
223) 4) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN steady themselves for the last leg their journey. Suddenly, their silence is exploded by a C dropping out of the sky in front of them. Its searchlight bangs into their faces and, with its thirty-calibre MACHI GUNS BLAZING, it comes straight at them. Jenny yanks the Camaro onto the shoulder. The SLUGS CHEW the asphalt beside it. She fishtails back onto the road. SECOND COBRA surprises them from the STAR MAN's side. Its MACHINE GUN KNOCKS OUT the BACK WINDOW before he can FIRE The STAR MAN crawls over his seat and arranges himself in the hole that was the back window to meet the Cobras' nex FIRING RUN. It doesn't take them long. The first two have been joined by a THIRD. They swoop down on the Camaro.
225) 0) text: SHOTS THUMP INTO the trunk in front of the STAR MAN and h FIRES. The lead HELICOPTER ERUPTS, raining pieces of hot  metal over the desert floor. The other helicopters are ja out of their run and their BULLETS harmlessly KICK UP SAN on the shoulder. Before they can regroup, the STAR MAN BL THEM OUT OF THE SKY.
225) 2) text: The STAR MAN has to hang on as Jenny dodges the car out o the path of a Cobra skimming over the highway toward them As it goes over, he is able to get off a SHOT directly IN its UNDERBELLY. The BALL OF FLAME almost engulfs the Cama
226) 0) text: The STAR MAN slumps down into the back seat breathing har Jenny looks over her shoulder at him and is shocked at th strain that shows on his face.
227) 0) text: At the base of a sandstone cliff, the Camaro slides to a  stop. Jenny helps the STAR MAN out. She supports him as t struggle toward the protection of the boulders. Fox's Cob roars over the hill.
229) 0) text: The STAR MAN turns toward the Cobra. Weakly, he raises hi weapon and pulls the trigger. Nothing happens. The search from the Cobra finds them. Its machine guns begin to rais puffs of gravel around them. Jenny grabs the STAR MAN's a and pulls him into the relative safety of the rocks. The  STAR MAN collapses against the cool stone.
229) 1) dialog: (gasps) I can't shoot anymore.
229) 2) text: Jenny looks out between the crags. Shermin's helicopter  arrives to join the Cobra. With their searchlights flicki over the sagebrush, they move cautiously toward the cliff Jenny turns back to the STAR MAN. He is too weak to run  anymore.
231) 2) text: Lyman taps his keyboard. The screens all change to a long shot of Jenny and the STAR MAN with cross-hairs superimpo on them.
232) 0) text: Shermin's helicopter moves toward Jenny and the STAR MAN  standing helpless in the circle thrown by the searchlight
233) 0) text: The cross-hairs have locked on Jenny and the STAR MAN. Sh knows he can't do it. He picks up a headset.
234) 0) text: Shermin's helicopter passes over the heads of Jenny and t STAR MAN and rises into the dawn sky.
235) 4) text: The gunsights lock in on Jenny and the STAR MAN. Fox's gr tightens on the trigger. Suddenly the helicopter begins t vibrate and drift off its target. Fox looks toward the so coming from his right and his eyes widen in fear as he se the STAR MAN's ship looming over him.
236) 0) text: The spacecraft passes over the top of the helicopter. The whirling downdraft emanating from the spaceship's underbe yanks the Cobra away from Jenny and the STAR MAN and whip it into a spin which gets faster and faster until it  disintegrates and falls to the desert floor.
237) 0) text: Jenny and the STAR MAN shield their faces against the DUS STORM that billows under the WHINING DESCENT of the  spacecraft. It settles into a landing across the dirt roa resting on its three pods. With a crack, a cone of bright white light blasts from the underside.
237) 2) dialog: I must go.
237) 4) dialog: What do I do now?
237) 6) text: The STAR MAN puts his arms around her and holds her tight
237) 7) dialog: I love you.
237) 9) dialog: No.
237) 12) text: The STAR MAN steps back and places a hand on Jenny's stom
237) 13) dialog: Tell the baby about me.
237) 15) dialog: Goodbye.
237) 18) text: She gets the Webster's Dictionary and the Columbia Histor of the World from the Camaro and runs to the STAR MAN. He takes them and kisses her again.
237) 19) dialog: Thank you, Jennyhaydn.
237) 20) text: Jenny backs away as the STAR MAN walks under the ship int the white light. He waves one last time to Jenny and is  swallowed into the ship by the light.