18) 3) dialog: Mister Shepherd? Sal nods to Doc, who stands dumbly, his eyes on the flag- covered box that contains his son. The Colonel extends hi hand. Doc shakes it. COLONEL (CONT’D) Mr. Shepherd, I'm Colonel Willits. The President of the United States has asked me to express his deep regret that your son was killed in action. (CONTINUED)
18) 6) dialog: He died a hero in the service of his country. He was an inspiration to his fellow Marines. 31. WASHINGTON, the escort, stands at stony attention. He is young black man, also a lance corporal. Something is wron with his ear lobe. It is covered with tiny bumps and look like it is rotting away. He is 20 and though taught to ki he gives off a sense of basic goodness.
18) 8) dialog: Sir, that would be ill-advised. Trust me on this. You do not want to see him like that.
18) 10) dialog: Sir, Lance Corporal Shepherd was hit in the back of head. I can assure you he felt no pain... but the exit wound in such a case is devastating... to the face.
18) 16) dialog: What you see you will not be able to un-see.
18) 18) dialog: As you wish. Lance Corporal Washington, escort these two gentlemen to the coffee mess. Washington leads them away. At the table, they turn and w Doc. Washington holds his attention stance.
18) 69) dialog: I'm sorry sir, but there is always a sound reason for my recommendations. Doc is trembling, unable to speak. Sal puts a hand on his shoulder. Doc goes into his arms. Sal holds him awkwardly These men are not used to hugs. He pats his back.
18) 75) dialog: I beg your pardon?
18) 77) dialog: The Lance Corporal acquitted himself with dignity and honor, and he died a hero.
18) 79) dialog: That they are, sir.
18) 81) dialog: He was a brave Marine, a credit to the corps, and he served his country well.
18) 88) dialog: No, I wasn't.
18) 90) dialog: With all due respect, that's none of your business.
18) 93) dialog: Very well. Lance Corporal Washington, tell him what happened. Washington takes a deep breath. LATER - Sal is at the coffee table. Mueller approaches fr the hangar door. Doc is leaning back against the coffin, considering what to do. The Colonel and Washington stand either side of him.
18) 104) dialog: He qualifies and he deserves that honor. Doc digs out his wallet, rifles through it, and produces photo of his son. He holds it out, in front of the Colone face.
18) 106) dialog: I assure you that is a bad decision and you will come to regret it. Doc tries to push the cart. Sal hands his cup to Mueller joins him. They push together.
18) 107) dialog: Hold on. The Marines will transport the body, at no cost to you, anywhere you choose. They keep on pushing. (CONTINUED)
18) 109) dialog: Gentlemen. I cannot release the Lance Corporal's body, except to a licensed mortician... Mueller steps up.
18) 111) dialog: Correct.
28) 1) dialog: Good morning, gentlemen.
28) 3) dialog: Willits. Colonel Willits. I've been briefed on last night's snafu. Totally ridiculous, the rental agent apparently went off the deep end, but there it is and what's done is done. He addresses Doc.
28) 4) dialog: I hope, given further time for reflection, that you can see that Arlington is a resting place that should not be refused in anger. There lie heroes. The details of the Lance Corporal's death are what they are, but make no mistake: his death was heroic. He was in a foreign and hostile land doing the decent thing. He deserves to lie beneath the sacred soil of Arlington. He would want that. I urge you to choose that for him.
28) 6) dialog: As you wish. Your government will fly the coffin, at no expense to you, to Portsmouth and a funeral director of your choice.
28) 9) dialog: With all due respect, you're cutting off your nose to spite your face.
28) 12) dialog: Okay, I'll make the arrangements. (punches out a number on his cell phone) Lance Corporal Washington here will be going with you. (in phone) Colonel Willits here. You are going to make a few things happen, ASAP.
28) 14) dialog: (in phone) Stand by. (to Sal) I wasn't implying you did. Washington's on TDY, escort duty. You don't want him, he goes right back to Baghdad.
28) 18) dialog: Of course. Sal grins at Washington. (CONTINUED)
28) 21) dialog: He takes his orders from ME. But, he will accommodate you in any reasonable way you ask, because I just ordered him to. Is that clear?
28) 23) dialog: You think so?
29) 0) text: Everybody is back at the hangar where the casket has been taken. They see six more flag-draped coffins being wheele into the hangar. Their casket is loaded onto one carryall while the civilians pull away in another. Sal turns back see Washington, in the distance, standing at attention wi the Colonel in his face.
29) 1) dialog: I don't give a fuck what they say. The Lance Corporal is ours. He's a Marine until he goes into the ground, and he remains a Marine for the period he is under the ground, plus one hundred years. I will not have three over-the-hill veterans pissing on my corps. Is that understood?
29) 3) dialog: You're a Marine, and your mission is to see your brother home. You're in charge, and when IN charge, TAKE charge. Understood? (CONTINUED)
29) 6) dialog: There's going to be a mortuary affairs detail at every step of the trip. You will protect the dignity of that dead Marine, and see that he is buried with honors. In his uniform. Not in some pussy civilian graduation suit! Understood?
29) 8) dialog: And don't let that Sal asshole outflank you. He's old but he's dangerous. Don't let that happen - kill him first.
29) 10) dialog: That is not an order.
29) 12) dialog: And just because that crippled preacher reminds you of your father, don't trust him.
29) 14) dialog: Lance Corporal, do you have a personal problem?
29) 16) dialog: Then get on it.