0) 0) text: A seedy neighborhood. LARRY "DOC" SHEPHERD, wearing a hea windbreaker, stands idly on the street. An AWOL bag is on sidewalk at his feet. A garment bag is slung over his shoulder. He studies the little working-man's bar across street as the title "DECEMBER 13, 2003" comes up.
1) 51) text: Shepherd. Larry Shepherd.
60) 0) text: Mueller lies awake. He can't help but notice the pictures Doc and his wife, Larry Jr, etc. Actually, it feels like Mary still lives there. It seems Doc's barely touched anything since last January.
61) 0) text: Sal is laying on a trundle bed, pulled out from under Lar bed, where Doc rests. The room is lit by moonlight. Now a as-he-left-it shrine to Larry, they're surrounded by the various photos of family and friends, sports mementoes, m posters, etc.
65) 0) text: Mueller's cane leans against an empty folding chair. Doc at the next chair. Friends and classmates of Larry have gathered behind him. Next to the graveside is the headsto of Doc's wife. Mueller stands at the head of the grave. S at the foot, in their dress uniforms. On the other side, Washington stands at attention as the minister backs away They salute. Ceremonially, Sal and Mueller fold the flag twelve tight triangular folds. Mueller takes Washington's and Sal carries the flag over to Doc. Sal then holds out flag to Doc, whose eyes are red, his lower lip is quiveri
70) 3) dialog: Dear Dad. If you are reading this, then you've been notified. I was always prepared to sacrifice my life for my country. You have to be ready to die defending what you love. I need you to understand that I am honored to die in this way. Don't feel bad that my life was so short. It was a good life. I know you never wanted me to join the Marines, but you supported me even so. I had the greatest father and I love you. Now I am with mom. We will both watch over you. Dad, I want you to bury me in my uniform, next to Mom. Your loving son, Larry. Sal is now sitting next to Mueller. Doc looks up at them, saying nothing. FADE OUT.