0) 5) dialog: (with an English accent) Fuckin’ hell... He sits up, then stands, in one continuous, weary motion. makes his way across the room, following a narrow path through the instruments and equipment. Pulling a curtain back slightly, ADAM looks out his window. Below ADAM sees a young man [IAN] step back from the fron door and look up at the window. The young man, dressed imitatively of ADAM, carries a guitar case in one hand an waves up at ADAM with the other. 3. ADAM closes the curtain and moves away from the window.
1) 0) text: ADAM is reascending the stairs after letting IAN in, who follows behind him. ADAM now carries the worn guitar case
1) 2) dialog: I wouldn’t bother.
1) 4) dialog: (quietly) Very nice, Ian. Cheers.
1) 6) dialog: (still examining the guitar) Just what the doctor ordered, as they say. There is a morose tone detectable in ADAM’s voice and movements, as he places the guitar upright on the sofa. ADAM (cont'd) I shall call him William Lawes.
1) 8) dialog: This one is, yeah.
1) 10) dialog: (distracted) Oh, uh, just some old English guy. Wrote some great funeral music. (then even more distant) Then, during the English Civil War, he was casually shot by a Parliamentarian...
1) 12) dialog: Let’s not talk about money, shall we. Don’t I pay you enough?
1) 14) dialog: Good. Listen Ian, I don’t give a shit about money. You know that. (pause) I’m like Gomez Adams. Independently wealthy... IAN glances at the shabby walls and clutter of dusty equipment surrounding them.
1) 16) dialog: (after a pause) Yeah. What a drag. Then I’1l just have to...disappear...again...
1) 18) dialog: (only partially returning to the present) Listen, Ian, there is something you can do for me.
1) 20) dialog: (looking off) I need a bullet. A very special bullet.
1) 22) dialog: A .32 caliber bullet, but made of wood.
1) 24) dialog: Yes, and made from the hardest and most dense wood possible. I would suggest ironwood, Lignum Vitae, or possibly snakewood, Piratineia Guianensis. Maybe African blackwood, Dalbergia Melanoxylon. Here. I’ve written them down. Think you can find someone who can make it for me? He hands IAN a small scrap of paper. IAN looks at it.
1) 25) text: Well, uh. Yeah, I think I know someone who could, uh... (then looking up at ADAM) What the hell for, though?
1) 26) dialog: (looking over at him) It’s for a rather secret project. An “art” project. ADAM lazily pulls a stack of folded bills from somewhere hands them to IAN.
1) 28) dialog: Yeah, they do. The shell casing should be brass, but the bullet has to be pure wood. The heaviest, most dense wood.
1) 30) dialog: Just the one, yeah.
1) 32) dialog: Can you jump start my car for me? ADAM stands up.
1) 34) dialog: (distantly) Just for a drive. ADAM moves toward the door, putting on a leather jacket i the process and picking up a worn leather doctor’s bag.
1) 36) dialog: (going out the door) Let’s not, shall we?
1) 39) dialog: Cheers Ian! Let me know about that bullet, yeah? Just between us.
3) 0) text: ADAM’s face is concealed by a white surgical mask, his ha pulled up under a pale blue surgeon’s cap. Only his inten eyes are recognizable. He walks deliberately through the dingy florescence of a hospital corridor. Dressed in a white lab coat over pale green scrubs, ADAM carries the outdated leather doctor’s bag in one hand, a stethoscope hanging around his neck. His eyes unobtrusively survey the details around him: Two oblivious male nurses talk in Spanish adjacent to a v elderly man on a gurney who is coughing violently. Two more gurneys pass silently, their occupants completel covered by sheets, including their heads. An older, hagga female nurse pushes the second of these. Her tired eyes, though seeking sympathy, glance at ADAM as he passes. He pauses in front of an open door to a small room. Insid nurse applies pressure to a wad of white gauze covering a wound on the leg of a reclining female patient. Blood is soaking into the gauze. ADAM’s eyes fix on the seeping blood, following several drops that fall onto the floor. eyes have widened, triggered by a primal urge that he visibly, though subtly, fights to suppress. Noticing him nurse, then patient, both look over in his direction. ADA collects himself and continues moving down the corridor. Outside another doorway, he passes a male patient in hosp gown sitting catatonically in a wheelchair, an unlit cigarette in his half-open mouth. A tube runs from his ar to an I.V. on a stand attached to the wheelchair. The I.V 9. bag appears to contain blood. Again ADAM’s eyes flash, bu he keeps walking. At the end of this corridor ADAM passes through two unmar white swinging doors. Inside this area only a few doctors are visible, drinking coffee and talking somberly. ADAM passes through another set of unmarked swinging door Here, surrounded by several electronic machines, two male doctors talk with an attractive female in a white lab coa One nods to ADAM as he passes. ADAM nods back, passing another man in white lab coat, asleep in a nearby chair. At the end of a short white hallway ADAM pauses, briefly looking back, before opening a single white door, this on marked: RESTRICTED.
4) 0) text: ADAM, almost silently, enters a room lined with glass-cov shelves, the shelves lined with medications and restricte supplies. A single technician, a PHARMACIST, in white lab coat, sit a metal table, his back turned to ADAM. On the table’s surface, his white gloved hands utilize a flat knife-like instrument, as he deftly separates a large pile of loose capsules by color. Just beyond this table, behind more glass shelves is anot smaller room. On its glass door a sign reads: ATTENTION TEMPERATURE CONTROL. Suspended bags of plasma and blood a visible inside. Adam silently steps closer watching over the man’s should The PHARMACIST pauses for a moment, shifting to write a number on a clipboard. Then, detecting ADAM’s presence, h suddenly turns toward him.
4) 2) dialog: That would require pre-arrangement.
4) 4) dialog: I like to come to the source. Also the mutual jeopardy makes me feel safer. Excuse me, but I don’t have any spare time. ADAM deliberately places his doctor’s bag on the metal ta his own white-gloved hands holding it open. Nervously the PHARMACIST stands up.
4) 6) dialog: (cautiously watching the PHARMACIST’s back as he opens the door to the inner room) Is it? (pause) Well, still serves its purpose.
5) 19) dialog: (to himself) Ahh, finally. Time to get straight. He steps away, removing his jacket. As he leaves the room he is heard mumbling to himself. ADAM (cont'd) Doctor fucking Who...
5) 26) dialog: To you, Eve. I love you more than...all the tea in China. He raises the test tube to his lips and drinks.
5) 31) text: These two images, spinning ADAM and spinning EVE, are intercut (or possibly interdissolved) with the spinning turntable. As these images continue to spin they graduall become closer and closer until the faces of ADAM and EVE the screen, their eyes slowly closing in trance-like blis FADE TO BLACK.
6) 0) text: The curtains over ADAM’s window are tightly drawn and unmoving. Still wearing his dark, brocade robe, he arrive at the window and gently pulls on one of the gold antique cords that fasten the curtains. Accidentally, the curtain briefly separate. For a fraction of a second a slit of pa light leaks through, a streak of it crossing the back of ADAM’s hand.
6) 1) dialog: (out loud) Oww! Shit! He re-ties the cord, and examines his hand. A thin, red b is visible. 17. ADAM pulls a black handkerchief from a nearby lamp and quickly wraps it around his wound. ADAM (cont'd) (to himself) Bloody fuckin’ hell. You’d think that after a few hundred years...
7) 0) text: Among ADAM’s menagerie of equipment, a phone rings. ADAM crosses the room and locates a cordless handset on a larg table piled with more equipment -- including an old CRT T screen with a camera of some kind attached on top. ADAM sinks back into his sofa as he answers.
7) 1) dialog: Yeah?
7) 3) dialog: (softly into phone) Eve...
8) 0) text: ADAM is seen pushing a switch on a box hand-wired into another box which is wired into the TV set. 18. The TV’s screen gradually illuminates, along with a small LED light above the camera lens on top of the TV. ADAM then falls back onto the sofa, phone to his ear, eye the TV screen. EVE’s face is now visible on the screen, a she apparently holds her phone device out in front of her
8) 1) dialog: Ah, there you are, my love.
8) 3) dialog: Hello, gorgeous.
8) 6) dialog: (on EVE’s screen) Yeah.
8) 8) dialog: (on EVE’s screen, after a sullen pause) Maybe...Yeah.
8) 10) dialog: (on EVE’s screen) I’m fine.
8) 12) dialog: Vot I vont is to bite your neck! EVE, on ADAM’s screen, laughs, her laughter gently shakin the image on the screen. She then randomly twirls her cam around for a moment, images of her apartment flying past, before it returns to frame her face.
8) 14) dialog: (still on EVE’s screen) I don’t know. He looks back toward the camera. Off-screen EVE can be he sighing.
8) 16) dialog: (on EVE’s screen) No. There is a long pause before EVE speaks again.
8) 18) dialog: (on EVE’s screen, looking away ) Oh, I’d just be an albatross around your irresistible neck.
8) 20) dialog: (off-screen) Should I send pearls? Black pearls?
8) 24) dialog: What do you want me to say?
8) 26) dialog: Yeah, definitely all deeply depressing times.
8) 28) dialog: (flatly) Sounds exciting.
8) 30) dialog: I seem to be writing a lot of funeral music.
8) 32) dialog: (quietly) I wouldn’t make it there, Eve.
8) 34) dialog: Suits my mood. I guess. (pause) I‘1l tell you one thing I love about Detroit -- you can be whatever you want here.
8) 36) dialog: Other than that, I guess it’s an end of the world kind of thing...
8) 38) dialog: Listen, Eve. I don’t think you should come. Listen to me. Don’t come. It’s gotten way too weird out there.
8) 40) dialog: Don’t come, Eve. Really. (pause) I love you more than...all the tea in China. EVE laughs and switches off her phone. From his velvet couch, ADAM watches the screen of his antiquated TV. It darkens, gradually fading to a white do at its center, the dot then eventually blinking off.
10) 15) dialog: (to himself) Fuckin’ hell... The “fans” squeeze back into their small car, slamming cl its doors. The car can be heard pulling away as ADAM cros back to the sofa and sits down. His brooding eyes fix on the tape machine, watching the l of the tape slip from the empty reel and thread it’s fina path through the tape-heads.
11) 7) dialog: (to himself) Shit... 28. It rings again, and ADAM stands and crosses to the window Below, ADAM sees IAN stepping back from the door and look up toward him. ADAM closes the curtain, and moves away fr the window.
11) 10) dialog: (examining the bullet) Yeah, Dalbergia Retusa.
11) 12) dialog: That’s true. ADAM closes his fist around the wooden bullet, and looks at IAN. ADAM (cont'd) Perfect. Thank you, Ian.
11) 14) dialog: Listen, there were some, like, rock'n'roll kids ringing my doorbell last night.
11) 16) dialog: (cutting him off) I don’t know, but it’s not cool.
11) 18) dialog: Yeah, well, whatever. Listen, I need to... 30.
11) 20) dialog: (cutting him off) Please, Ian. Now you’re really starting to freak me out. Let’s calm down. (pause) I’11l see you later. I have something to attend to.
12) 0) text: ADAM sits on his heavy, carved, antique bed in the bedroo his house. Much like his livingroom, this room is also cluttered, heavily curtained, its decor mixing several centuries. Its dark walls are lined with framed reproductions of portraits of artists, musicians, writers scientists. ADAM looks down at his hand, which holds a silver plated, caliber revolver with pearl handles. He uncurls his other fist, revealing the wooden bullet, cased in brass. Flipping over the pistol’s revolving magazine, ADAM slide the wooden bullet into one of the six empty chambers. Wit another flip of his wrist, the magazine clicks back into place. 31. ADAM takes a deep breath, then spins the revolving magazi When it stops spinning he turns the gun, placing the end its barrel on his chest, aimed directly into his heart. ADAM closes his eyes and gently pulls the trigger. The hammer clicks loudly against an empty chamber. After a moment ADAM opens his eyes, slowly lowering the gun from chest. CUT TO BLACK.
12) 7) dialog: Oh, sorry. (he gestures) Won’t you please come in? EVE smiles and, removing her hat, steps past him. ADAM follows, closing the door behind them.
12) 10) dialog: (as though intoxicated) Yeah... They remain silent, content, enfolded, the music a lyrica fog around them.
12) 12) dialog: Thanks. It’s called ‘I Drank Your Mother’s Blood, and She Tasted Like a Whore’. EVE laughs, pulling away a little, and playfully punching ADAM in the chest.
12) 14) dialog: (completing the joke) Know it! I fuckin’ wrote it! EVE laughs again, and ADAM too, a little.
12) 16) dialog: Yeah. But that was the only way I could hear it performed. To just give it away...
12) 18) dialog: (distantly) I don’t know. (MORE )
12) 19) text: ADAM (cont'd) A failed experiment, probably. I guess I just wanted something out there before I...
12) 21) dialog: I don’t have heroes.
12) 23) dialog: Yeah, look what they’ve done to them. Look at Pythagoras. They slaughtered him and his commune. Galileo -- imprisoned. Capernicus - - ridiculed. Newton -- pushed into secrecy and alchemy. Tesla -- destroyed, and his beautiful possibilities ignored. And they’re still bitching about Darwin! Yeah, so much for the scientists.
12) 25) dialog: (distant again) Well, now they’ve even succeeded in contaminating their own fuckin’ blood, let alone their water. (pause) I just feel so...fragile.
12) 27) dialog: Easy for you. You have three thousand years of experience. 35.
12) 29) dialog: (after a pause) Eve, are you at all familiar with what Einstein termed “spooky action at a distance”?
12) 31) dialog: Yeah. After a pause, his free arm stretches back and pulls up a antique acoustic guitar from somewhere behind the sofa. ADAM (cont'd) Eve?
12) 33) dialog: Can you tell me how old this one is? I think it’s an L2, but I haven’t been able to date it exactly. Can you just... EVE half opens her eyes and squints at the guitar.
12) 35) dialog: Really? (pause) 1905...She is old.
12) 37) dialog: Oh at least. She nuzzles deeper into ADAM’s shoulder. He strums a sing sad chord on the antique guitar, letting it ring and fade away.
13) 0) text: ADAM and EVE are in bed together side by side, naked, asl Gradually EVE wakes, squinting as though through a hangov She sleepily surveys her surroundings before her thin arm reaches an antique lamp on the bed-stand and switches it ADAM stirs and wakes. Seeing EVE, he kisses her, and snak an arm around her. They gaze happily into each other’s ey
13) 2) dialog: Yeah. Type O Negative. Nice and pure. Uncut. He rolls off her, now lying at her side, both gazing at t ceiling. 37.
13) 4) dialog: And only female wasps and bees can sting, my love.
13) 6) dialog: Can I ask you something unrelated? (pause) When they built Stonehenge, it was your people, right? Your Druids?
13) 8) dialog: Yeah, I know, Bructeri. In any case, I was wondering how in the hell they moved those giant stones. Because I read recently somewhere that the stones weren’t from the surrounding area.
13) 10) dialog: (fascinated) I suspected as much. (pause) Did they use a similar system when the Egyptians built the pyramids?
13) 12) dialog: I’ve always had a thing for older women. 38.
13) 14) dialog: What?
13) 16) dialog: (playing) Did we?
13) 18) dialog: Yeah. I think we better make sure. But first could you switch that lamp off? It’s burning my bloody eyes. EVE lithely reaches over and switches it off. Darkness.
13) 20) dialog: About what?
13) 22) dialog: Huh. Yeah, I thought so.
14) 0) text: ADAM and EVE sit across from each other, carefully studyi chessboard between them on the kitchen table. Both again wear their dark bathrobes, EVE with her Stetson hat pushe back on her head. In the kitchen around them, no trace of human food is visible. Cupboards, shelves, and counters instead hold stacks of books, vinyl records, and dismantled electronic EVE smiles as she makes a move on the chess board, taking ADAM’s queen with her bishop.
14) 2) dialog: (fixed on the game) I don’t have heroes. And please don’t talk so much. You’re just trying to distract me. (pause) How is he?
14) 4) dialog: (eyes still on the game) That’s good. lLet’s not talk now.
14) 6) dialog: Eve, please. ADAM’s hand briefly hovers over a chess piece, but withdr before touching it. 40.
14) 8) dialog: What? Uh, I was in his presence only for a few days. 1815 maybe, something like that. In a villa on Lake Geneva. With the others.
14) 10) dialog: (eyes again fixed on the game ) Yeah...
14) 12) dialog: (after a pause, still not looking up) He was a pompous asshole. EVE laughs.
14) 14) dialog: (eyes on the game) What? Keats, Keats I never got to meet. But you know all this, Eve. I know what you’re doing.
14) 16) dialog: (distracted) Uh, I met Byron and Mary Shelly. I met Wordsworth once, briefly, by an English lake. (pause) Never met Keats though. (pause, studying the board) Great poet, Keats...
14) 18) dialog: She was...delicious.
14) 20) dialog: That doesn’t work.
14) 22) dialog: (watching her closely) It’s my own system. EVE sits back down, holding two homemade popsicles, froze onto sticks, blood red. She extends one to ADAM. ADAM (cont'd) What’s that?
14) 24) dialog: That’s disgusting.
14) 26) dialog: Weird. Never tried it frozen before. Now beginning to enjoy his frozen treat, ADAM’s attention returns to the chess game. EVE watches closely as ADAM carefully moves his remaining castle, then looks up triumphantly. EVE, delighted, eyes locked on the board, immediately tak ADAM’s castle with her queen.
14) 28) dialog: Damn you, Eve! You’re ruthless.
14) 30) dialog: (calling after her) It was all the bloody talking! (then, more to himself) I can’t...concentrate. (then to himself, sucking on his popsicle) Mmm. Not bad...
14) 32) dialog: (lowering the tonearm onto the spinning disc) You gotta hear this one. It’s Charlie Feathers. Do you know it? EVE shakes her head, listening.
14) 34) dialog: Yeah. Just then, the lights flicker then go out with an audible fizz, the turntable slowing to a stop. Darkness. ADAM (cont'd) shit. He fumbles around for a moment, then lights a candle near coffee table. ADAM (cont'd) I can fix it. ADAM now stands near the door, pulling on some Wellington boots and heavy rubber gloves. EVE approaches and he hand her a flashlight
14) 37) dialog: (shining his light on the mass of wires) Look at this shit! Idiots. What fucking century is this...I mean, Tesla had lightbulbs you didn’t even have to plug-in -- in fuckin’
14) 40) text: ADAM has opened a metal door on the transformer, and flip the switches of several circuit-breakers. Lights come bac on inside the house. He closes the metal box then moves toward EVE.
14) 41) dialog: What?
14) 43) dialog: (bending down next to her) Yeah. Fly Agaric. They’re behaving rather strangely. They appear, disappear, then reappear -- those caps. I guess they’re receiving information from the atmosphere. EVE looks at him curiously.
14) 45) dialog: I know. It’s strange. (pause) We really don’t know shit about fungi, do we? Even though life on this planet wouldn’t exist without them. ADAM gets up and moves back toward the house, while EVE lingers for a moment, shining her light on the bright red mushrooms.
15) 0) text: EVE is alone in ADAM’s bed, asleep, radiant under the dim light from a nearby table lamp. After some moments, ADAM enters. He is in his doctor drag white lab coat over green scrubs, stethoscope around his neck, doctor’s bag in hand. EVE shifts and stretches. Her eyes squint sleepily. Then, seeing ADAM, she laughs lightly, gently rubbing her eyes.
15) 2) dialog: (pulling the mask below his face) Iam. (pause) I’11 be back in an hour or two.
15) 4) dialog: No. He kneels next to the bed and, taking her head in his han kisses her. He then pulls back and looks into her eyes, EVE’s fingers now touch the stethoscope around his neck.
15) 6) dialog: I had a dream about...about your sister. EVE sits up halfway.
15) 8) dialog: Could have been worse, I guess. (then, drifting off a little) Well, maybe not by much... ADAM bends and kisses the top her head, then straightens. ADAM (cont'd) Back in a flash.
15) 12) dialog: I don’t see any ‘others’. Ever.
15) 14) dialog: Fuckin’ hell, Eve. Don’t ever fuck around like that. 48. He removes the wooden bullet from the gun, as EVE sits do next to him.
15) 16) dialog: (upset) Yeah? What is your point?
15) 18) dialog: (sullenly) That bullet’s just for...reassurance. He quietly sets the gun on the table next to the doctors
15) 20) dialog: Yeah, well it’s humans I’m sick of. And their fucking fear of their own imaginations.
15) 22) dialog: Great. That’1ll be even worse.
15) 25) dialog: What?
15) 27) dialog: (now less morose) Really? (pause) Rat-people?
15) 29) dialog: I thought you’d only mastered the past. Now you can predict the future?
15) 31) dialog: Yeah, what was it again?
15) 33) dialog: Ok. They spin slowly around the room, entwined, the record spinning on the turntable.
15) 36) dialog: (sullenly) There’s nothing here.
15) 38) dialog: Bloody hell...
15) 40) dialog: I dunno. Factory where they used to build auto parts. Engine blocks. Or manifolds.
15) 42) dialog: What?
15) 44) dialog: Are you joking?
15) 46) dialog: (disturbed) Oh fuck, Eve. Not again.
15) 48) dialog: No, it hasn’t. It’s been less than 80 years, if I remember correctly.
15) 50) dialog: Yeah, and Paris has never been the same. (pause, then more to himself) 84 years. Seems like fuckin’ yesterday.
15) 52) dialog: Shouldn't she be sleeping in a fucking coffin somewhere? Preferably with a wooden stake shoved in.
15) 54) dialog: Is she?
15) 58) dialog: Yeah, I'd agree. But I’d add the Marvelettes. They continue on in silence for a while.
15) 60) dialog: I have antique instruments.
15) 62) dialog: What, you don’t find Detroit magical? 53. EVE’s eyes, bright and alert, take in more images of Detr as they continue to spin past the car’s windows.
16) 0) text: ADAM and EVE, returning from their drive, enter through the front door. They pause abruptly. TO BLACK.
16) 3) dialog: (quietly) Was this light on? He quickly signals to EVE to remain still. Music, ADAM’s music, drifts down from upstairs. They exchange cautious looks, then quietly ascend the staircase, ADAM first.
16) 5) dialog: (angrily) What the fuck are you doing here? AVA stands up, excited to see them.
16) 10) dialog: (scowling) Yes and no.
16) 16) dialog: It’s also bad luck to listen to someone's private music without invitation.
16) 18) dialog: No! 56. AVA pouts, as Adam and Eve remove their coats.
16) 21) dialog: L.A.. Figures. Are you alone?
16) 23) dialog: Oh, fuck. Well, you can’t stay here.
16) 25) dialog: Not after last time. No fuckin’ way.
16) 27) dialog: (fussing with some recording equipment) Not long enough...
16) 31) dialog: Could you smell it all the way from
16) 35) dialog: (O.S.: already out of the room) No! AVA's head turns, but she remains still for a moment. The as if drawn by an invisible string, she moves back toward and sits down next to her. They look at one another. EVE smiles and, encouraged, AVA throws her arms around her “sister”, childishly burying h head in EVE’s shoulder.
16) 38) dialog: She drank up a hell of a lot of our Type O Negative. Fuck!
16) 40) dialog: She’s bad news, Eve. (pause) She isn’t sleeping in my fuckin’ studio, is she?!
16) 42) dialog: What other bedroom?
16) 44) dialog: Oh. Right. (pause) Shit. I’11 have to put my fuckin’ tapes in a bloody safe.
17) 5) dialog: No. AVA opens the door and enters, wearing only a shirt that was wearing earlier, before her arrival. EVE props herself up as AVA sits on the edge of the bed o ADAM’s side. He covers his head with a pillow.
17) 8) dialog: (muffled from under the pillow) Go away. We’re still sleeping.
17) 16) dialog: (referring to the TV images) What the hell is this? EVE and AVA’s eyes are locked on the screen as ADAM moves toward it and abruptly switches it off. ADAM (cont'd) What the fuck?
17) 18) dialog: Figures... 61. EVE moves AVA’s hand, placing her own on AVA’s forehead.
17) 22) dialog: (pouring blood into wine glasses) Probably blood poisoning... Seeing the red blood AVA pulls herself halfway up.
17) 24) dialog: I’m not.
17) 27) dialog: Take it easy. Shit.
17) 29) dialog: You’re gonna get sick. And you’re gonna suck down our whole fuckin’ supply, so take it easy. AVA stands and swirls around the room, unsteady, laughing 62.
17) 31) dialog: (sternly) No. I told you it’s private.
17) 33) dialog: Where did you hear it?
17) 35) dialog: I don’t believe you.
17) 37) dialog: How did you know it was mine, then?
17) 39) dialog: Good idea. Go ahead.
17) 41) dialog: No. 63.
17) 47) dialog: No! You’ve had more than enough. And no fuckin’ way are we going out. AVA returns to EVE’s side, again embracing her. ADAM look over at the two sisters, their faces wearing similarly pleading, manipulative expressions. ADAM (cont'd) No. That’s absolutely final. He turns away, taking another sip from his glass.
18) 0) text: A band is playing messy, very loud, damaged-sounding rock’n’roll on the small stage of a rundown club. Directl opposite the stage is a bar, with racks of bottles behind partially obscuring a long mirror. Between the stage and bar are some tables, and around them people watching the play the last song of its set. Seated around one table, off to the side, are EVE, ADAM, and ADAM’s young “manager”, IAN. EVE wears her white Stet hat while ADAM hides behind dark wraparound sunglasses. A bounces energetically to the discordant music. ADAM leans in toward EVE. 64.
18) 1) dialog: (into her ear) We shouldn’t be in here. (pause) You saw the mirror, right?
18) 6) dialog: (adamantly) No. (pause) Please.
18) 12) dialog: (sternly to AVA) Where did you get that?
18) 14) dialog: At home? You mean at my house.
18) 16) dialog: No!
18) 27) dialog: We gotta get outta here. 67.
18) 29) dialog: (all patience gone) That’s it. We’re leaving right now. ADAM gets up, quickly followed by EVE. As ADAM moves towa the door, EVE deftly reaches out and takes AVA by the han pulling her.
18) 38) text: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT EVE, ADAM, AVA and IAN are in ADAM’s livingroom/studio. E sits on one end of the couch, while at the other end AVA nestled very close to IAN, her hand lightly moving undern the sleeve of his shirt. ADAM, standing, is collecting re and boxes of his tapes. Music plays, but not ADAM’s music
18) 40) dialog: (facing away from them) Now’s not a good time.
18) 45) dialog: No, Ava. I think you’ve had enough. 69.
18) 48) dialog: Ian, I think it’s time for you to go. AVA wraps her arms around him possessively.
19) 0) text: EVE turns a lamp on. She is sitting on ADAM’s side of the bed pulling on her dark red bathrobe, the silver flask in hand. ADAM is still asleep, again with a pillow over his head. 70. EVE pulls up a corner of the pillow and, smiling, peeks a ADAM. He opens one eye.
19) 1) dialog: (groggy) Don’t you dare say it. EVE laughs. ADAM takes the pillow from his head and looks around. ADAM (cont'd) Is it dark out already?
19) 3) dialog: What are ya doin’ with that flask?
19) 5) dialog: Oh, fuck... She touches his head affectionately.
19) 7) dialog: Excellent idea, before it’s too late. (pause) I’m getting up, then. EVE kisses him. Before standing, she pauses, looking over their wedding photo which she has moved to the nightstand
19) 18) dialog: (looking closely at IAN, semi-hysterical) I don’t believe this! You fuckin’ drank Ian! You’ve completely drained him! He’s dead! ADAM glares down at AVA. Crawling backwards, she moves a feet away from him. ADAM (cont'd) You slurp down almost all of our O Negative, then you fuckin’ suck Ian dry. Why didn’t you just turn him, at least?
19) 21) dialog: (seething) I should kill her. AVA makes retching noises.
19) 23) dialog: Where’s the gun then? EVE rises and goes to ADAM, pulling him close. She looks his eyes.
19) 25) dialog: (yelling) Get her outta here then! I don’t even want to look at her. EVE goes to AVA and pulls her to her feet, half-dragging across the room to the door. AVA continues whimpering. AD looks down at IAN. ADAM (cont'd) (furious, to AVA without looking at her) You stupid little bitch! He was my fragile link to the outside! He was my fucking manager! EVE and the whimpering AVA can be heard noisily descendin the staircase just outside the door, while ADAM stands motionless, still looking down at IAN’s corpse on the cou
19) 28) dialog: Go back and rot in fuckin’ L.A., where you belong. 74. ADAM disappears inside, leaving EVE at the door.
19) 33) dialog: (smouldering) Uncivilized bitch. What does she think this is, the fucking fifteenth century?
19) 35) dialog: Now just my Achilles heel.
19) 37) dialog: Are you kidding? We were out with him last fuckin’ night! Soon they’1l certainly be bloody lookin’ for him.
19) 39) dialog: (despondent) Even my fucking 1905 Gibson L2. Destroyed. EVE bends over the broken guitar, delicately examining it interior construction.
19) 41) dialog: (stopping and turning to EVE, accusingly) Why did you invite that little bitch here, anyway?
19) 43) dialog: Fuck. He paces some more, then leaves the room. EVE sits down o the edge of the couch next to IAN, forlorn. ADAM returns with a brown tarp and some rope. He is weari heavy, rubber, work gloves, and tosses another pair at EV
19) 45) dialog: (unfurling the tarp) The plan? I don’t have a fuckin’ plan. I don’t really plan for this kind of shit! All I know is we better get rid of him fast. The two roll IAN off the couch and onto the tarp, pulling around him. ADAM loops the rope around the tarp and begin tying it.
19) 47) text: INT. ADAM’S CAR - NIGHT ADAM angrily, recklessly, drives his Jag through the Detr night, EVE solemn in the passenger seat.
19) 49) dialog: (exploding) Stay calm?!
19) 51) dialog: Any other ideas?
19) 53) dialog: I have no idea what you’re talking about.
19) 55) dialog: (tersely) I don’t know who that is. 77.
19) 57) dialog: Am I? EVE looks forward, smiling, her eyes again bright and irrepressible.
20) 0) text: Together ADAM and EVE drag the tarped body from the car toward the large chemical tank.
20) 2) dialog: Yeah, sort of, only he was still alive. Suddenly an eerie sound causes them to freeze. Not far of group of coyote howl and yip uncannily. 78.
20) 4) dialog: Yeah. Coyote.
20) 6) dialog: You'd be surprised. The sounds subside, the coyote moving off. ADAM and EVE resume, dragging the corpse to the staircase at the base the tank. They carry it up the staircase, seemingly witho difficulty, indicating prior experience in the physics of moving corpses. Reaching the platform at the top, they pause and peer int the tank, reactively covering their mouths and noses. Thr or four meters below them is a surface of thick, oily, li emitting a visible vapor. EVE glances at ADAM. ADAM (cont'd) Don’t even ask. (pause) You ready? They hoist the wrapped corpse to rim of the tank, then ro it over the side. Immediately they both take cover, crouching behind the tank’s exterior wall. The corpse lands with a dull splash, as though the sound slowed down. After a pause, still covering their faces, A and EVE cautiously peer into the tank. The wrapped corpse is visibly disintegrating as it slips the thick fluid. The top corner of the tarp, however, has come unfurled, revealing IAN’s grimacing, blue face. Riveted, ADAM and EVE watch as the face disintegrates, sk melting from bone, the skull and teeth then ghoulishly sinking below the surface. A moment later no visible trac of IAN is left. ADAM and EVE look at each other.
21) 0) text: ADAM is manically pacing in the small room, his fingers twisting his hair. EVE sits calmly on the bed, watching h Clothes and objects are strewn everywhere, and drawers fl open. Piles of money in various denominations, as well as passports, jewelry, and credit cards are scattered across surface of the bed surrounding EVE. Still pacing and losing control, ADAM reaches into an ope drawer and flings a handful of U.S. bills into the air.
21) 1) dialog: (money fluttering down around him) Need anything? We’re having a liquidation sale. Everything must go! He tosses a stack of loose euros toward EVE. They float d around her like falling leaves. ADAM (cont'd) (ranting) Have some more of mankind’s most useless and tragic invention! He whirls around holding a box containing reels of record audio tapes; master tapes of his music. ADAM (cont'd) (wildly) How about some cult music? Mind bending guitar drone. Recorded in secret by a real fucking vampire! He tosses the box, his arm then sweeping a stack of antiq leather-bound books to the floor. He whirls back toward E ADAM (cont'd) What!? Did you say...blood? Ah, I see. Not money, not art, but it’s blood you want! (he turns away, eyes wild) That’s right! What’s more precious than human blood? He turns to EVE, holding up the small silver flask, his e now fluttering in his head. He takes a step toward her, almost menacingly. ADAM (cont'd) Type O! The original blood of Adam and Eve? That’s what we need, but...not much of that left, is there? In fact, almost none! (MORE )
21) 2) text: ADAM (cont'd) (pause, then in an unusual voice) Sorry, but me wife’s sis’ turned up and she sucked it all down! (then, moving even closer) Then she sucked up my business partner. Just like that!
21) 4) dialog: Am I?
21) 6) dialog: Some fucking rock’n’roll kids. (then closing the curtain) They’re onto me. We’re fucked. The bell rings again.
21) 8) dialog: (again peering through a thin opening in the curtain.) Yeah, well, they’1ll be next.
21) 10) dialog: What about my equipment and all my fucking instruments!?
21) 12) dialog: (spinning around) I can’t do this! I won’t survive the bloody trip.
21) 14) dialog: Yes. Oh, for tonight! First class, please, for two. EVE’s fingers pluck a credit card from the pile in front her. She raises it to her eye level, then looks up at ADA He begins to spin slowly, disturbingly, in front of her, his hands now tangled in his hair.
22) 0) text: ADAM and EVE are seated in first class on an airplane. Th interior is darkened, all other visible passengers asleep ADAM also appears to be asleep, slouched in the window se his gaunt face mostly covered by hair and dark glasses. E in the aisle seat next to him, also wears dark glasses. Though noticeably more fragile than before, she sits upri alert and wide awake, as her thin hands caress their wedd photo cradled in her lap. FADE TO BLACK.
23) 0) text: EVE struggles to help ADAM out of a taxi in the somewhat down quarter of Tangier near EVE’s apartment. The Morocca driver lifts their suitcases from the car’s open trunk. EVE pays him and he thanks her politely. They pick up the luggage as the car pulls away. ADAM now quite frail, is having trouble walking. He stops propping himself against a wall. Two shadowed figures pass them, one pausing in front of t briefly to offer “something really special”, first in Fre then English. EVE shakes her head definitively and the figure moves away.
23) 2) dialog: (weakly) It’ll be dawn soon.
23) 4) dialog: But did you reach Marlowe? 83.
23) 6) dialog: (leaning on her) What?
23) 8) dialog: (exhausted) Oh, great. What next? EVE still holds his arm as they make it across the street enter her building.
23) 13) dialog: (shifting and looking groggily at the young girl) Oh, sorry. With remarkable speed, the family finishes packing. As th MAN talks to EVE, the rest move in a group toward the doo the boys with the duffels, the woman and girl wrapping sh around their heads and faces.
23) 20) dialog: (in a delayed reaction) Oww. (pause, eyes opening half way) What was that for? EVE smiles wanly, then leans in and kisses him on the che she had struck. ADAM (cont'd) (rising to his elbows with difficulty) Where are we? He rubs his bleary eyes, looking around him. ADAM (cont'd) (weakly) Did you find Marlowe?
23) 22) dialog: (pulling himself up a fraction higher) If I can even fuckin’ walk... EVE helps hoist him into a sitting position.
24) 0) text: ADAM and EVE walk shakily through the shadowed corridors the Medina, ADAM partially supporting himself on EVE’s shoulder. She is also weak, but determined. They move past several men outside a dim cafe. One approaches them, speaking in English.
24) 2) dialog: (faintly) Not what I need, I’m sure.
24) 5) dialog: What?
24) 7) dialog: (slouching) Shit, baby. We’re not gonna make it. EVE knocks again, much louder this time. She turns and lo around them, propping ADAM up against her. Just then, there is the sound of someone approaching the from inside. A lock turns and the door opens a crack. Par of a man’s face is visible. The door then opens wider. It is the Moroccan BARMAN who was there before. 88. His eyes are wide, worried. He quickly ushers EVE and ADA through the door and into the darkened cafe.
27) 0) text: Just behind EVE, ADAM and the BARMAN, the door mechanical closes. The room is medium-sized, windowless, and lit by lamps and candles. It’s walls are dark, it’s furnishings mixture of antique European and Moroccan. A small desk si in a corner, its surface a mess of handwritten manuscript Central to the room however is an antique daybed with a reclining figure under a dark red, velvet cover. 89. It’s Marlowe, pale, weak and thin. His eyes slowly open a light up faintly as they locate his visitors. With effort he lifts one hand, palm down, toward EVE.
27) 4) dialog: (to MARLOWE) [He responds with a quote from Hamlet - TBD] This elicits a weak smile from MARLOWE.
27) 7) dialog: Still been scribbling a bit, then, Kit? The others look over, MARLOWE’s eyes slowly following.
27) 11) dialog: Yeah. But they pulled it off, didn’t they, Kit? And you played along.
27) 13) dialog: (reverently) Great fucking poet.
28) 0) text: ADAM and EVE hover somberly in a narrow alley behind some buildings not far from the cafe. Silently they lean against a wall, shoulder to shoulder. EVE, face still streaked from her tears, carefully takes the flask and takes a small sip. She hands it to ADAM who sips, then tilts the flask approximating it’s meager contents. He then hands it back to EVE. ADAM’s head rolls back against the wall. He studies a tangled mass of electrical wires just above him, hanging the buildings.
28) 1) dialog: Look at that shit. EVE’s head tilts back. ADAM (cont'd) How fuckin’ ridiculous. 92.
28) 3) dialog: What are we gonna do? There is a pause before EVE laughs. ADAM attempts to scow
28) 5) dialog: What?
28) 7) dialog: What? Ok.
28) 9) dialog: Uhh, yeah. A lot.
29) 0) text: ADAM leans against a wall in the shadows. He is on a narr street just off the Petit Socco, peering into the open, f windows of a bar or small club. From inside, hallucinator music mixes traditional Middle Eastern and North African forms with something more modern and equally entrancing. 93. Most remarkable, though, is how the music slowly swirls around a single female voice, half whispering the vocals Arabic ADAM becomes mesmerized. Several shadowy figures pass him one pausing.
29) 2) dialog: Shit, man, you startled me.
29) 4) dialog: (enthusiasm somehow leaking through his depleted state) Eve, check this out. This chick is fantastic. EVE peers through the window. The singer slowly spins as sings.
29) 6) dialog: You know her?
29) 8) dialog: (still absorbed) God, I hope not. (pause) She’s way too good for that.
29) 10) dialog: (propped against the wall) No. I couldn’t handle it, I don’t think. He turns to EVE and notices by the way she’s standing tha she’s concealing something behind her. ADAM (cont'd) What’s all this, then?
30) 0) text: EVE, smiling, backs away from him and into a small market stall. Adam follows, and EVE presents him with a beautifu antique, inlaid lute. ADAM’s sunken eyes lock on the instrument as she gently delivers it into his hands.
30) 2) dialog: It’s exquisite. Thank you. (pause) Though a rather odd time to be giving me a present.
30) 4) dialog: Let’s get out of here. (pause) Can we go down by the water? I need to see some water. EVE nods and takes his hand, pulling him back into the di narrow street.
31) 0) text: Each with one arm around the other, and ADAM clutching th lute to his chest, the two move precariously around a cor then recede unsteadily across the small, dirty square.
32) 0) text: On a small, deserted public terrace in the Ville Nouvelle ADAM and EVE sit looking out onto a sweeping view of the port. Its water is black and glittering. In the light their skin is luminously white, their featur frail and sunken. ADAM holds the lute across his lap. Aft a silence, EVE carefully opens MARLOWE’s flask and takes sip. She then passes it to ADAM. As he drinks, the angle the flask makes it clear that very little of the fluid is left inside. ADAM hands it back to her, both again gazing out at the water.
32) 1) dialog: (distantly) 82% of human blood is water. (pause, he turns to her) Have the water wars started yet? Or is it still about the oil?
32) 3) dialog: (eyes returning to the dancing water) They only figure it out when it’s too late, don’t they?
32) 5) dialog: About 55 to 60%.
32) 7) dialog: Uh, well, 70% is covered in ocean (pause) then there are lakes, rivers... ADAM begins to gently pluck the strings of the lute, soon finding a haunting, minimal pattern of notes. EVE listens calmly as the tones from the antique wood resonate, delicately mixing with the sparse sounds of the sleeping and city around them. ADAM’s music now begins to falter. His hands and fingers beginning to tremble. He stops playing. ADAM (cont'd) Fuck. (pause) I’m barely still here. EVE opens the flask and holds it up to his lips, only a f drops entering them. She then lets another drop fall on h own tongue. ADAM (cont'd) That’s the last of it, isn’t it? (pause, his head now back looking at the black sky). Oh, Eve. Someone call an angel down. It’s gettin’ too dark here on the ground.
32) 9) dialog: And Kit said to avoid the hospital, yeah?
32) 11) dialog: (still slowly plucking the lute) Yeah. No. I mean, it’s nota theory, it’s been proved.
32) 13) dialog: (speaking slowly, weakly) Well, when you separate an entwined particle and move the two parts far away from each other, even at opposite ends of the universe, then if you alter or affect one, the other will, spookily, be identically altered or affected. EVE again observes the young Moroccan couple, still enfol in their endless kiss.
32) 15) dialog: Uh, yeah. EVE turns to ADAM, leaning in and engaging him in a long kiss. She then pulls back a little, and they gaze into ea others eyes.
32) 17) dialog: Well...I guess then...uh...hmm... 98. EVE smiles and rests her head on his shoulder. Her attent drifts back to the young lovers nearby, as does ADAM’s. T young Moroccan’s lithe bodies remain pressed against one another, lips locked, hands caressing each other, the dar water glittering just behind them. There is a period of silence, ADAM and EVE continuing to observe them. EVE eventually glances at ADAM.
32) 19) dialog: (half delirious) What choice do we have, really?
32) 21) dialog: How romantic of you. (then after another pause, eyes on the couple) Ok. I get the girl, though. EVE gently slaps him. She then braces herself and stands. She takes a deep breath. ADAM carefully puts down the lut next to him, then using the back of the bench for support shakily pulls himself into a standing position. He turns EVE and she looks deeply into his eyes. EVE then turns and descends toward the young embracing couple. ADAM, one arm still holding the bench for balance pauses, watching her intently. Confidently, EVE walks up to the young lovers.