0) 2) dialog: (with an English accent) Oh, shit. She gracefully springs to her feet and moves toward the d Effortlessly, she sweeps a black and white head-scarf, an white western style Stetson hat, and a vintage shoulder-b from the surface of an elaborately inlaid table on her wa out the door.
1) 15) text: (sincerely) Well, maybe being so reclusive is only going to make everybody more interested in your music.
2) 0) text: Her head and face now covered by Stetson hat and Arab sca EVE’s luminous blue eyes lead her through the narrow corridors of the Medina. Though approaching 5am, the passageways still show shadowy signs of nefarious activit Several times, men emerge from darkened doorways and appr EVE as she passes. They speak in Arabic, or French, or English, all offering her “something very special”. EVE, however, is unfazed, moving cautiously, but somehow flowi past them like water. She crosses the square of the Grand Socco, where men gath near several small cafes and bars. 8. Some chatter to her as she moves past and enters another Narrow passage across the square. Again descending, several women, covered with brightly colored Riffian shawls, observe her curiously from the shadows as she approaches the end of the passageway. It empties onto another, smaller, square: the Petit Socco EVE pauses, eyes scanning the only open cafe on the squar Its lit sign reads: ONE THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS. EVE heads across the square toward the cafe’s illuminatio her face still covered.
3) 0) text: ADAM’s face is concealed by a white surgical mask, his ha pulled up under a pale blue surgeon’s cap. Only his inten eyes are recognizable. He walks deliberately through the dingy florescence of a hospital corridor. Dressed in a white lab coat over pale green scrubs, ADAM carries the outdated leather doctor’s bag in one hand, a stethoscope hanging around his neck. His eyes unobtrusively survey the details around him: Two oblivious male nurses talk in Spanish adjacent to a v elderly man on a gurney who is coughing violently. Two more gurneys pass silently, their occupants completel covered by sheets, including their heads. An older, hagga female nurse pushes the second of these. Her tired eyes, though seeking sympathy, glance at ADAM as he passes. He pauses in front of an open door to a small room. Insid nurse applies pressure to a wad of white gauze covering a wound on the leg of a reclining female patient. Blood is soaking into the gauze. ADAM’s eyes fix on the seeping blood, following several drops that fall onto the floor. eyes have widened, triggered by a primal urge that he visibly, though subtly, fights to suppress. Noticing him nurse, then patient, both look over in his direction. ADA collects himself and continues moving down the corridor. Outside another doorway, he passes a male patient in hosp gown sitting catatonically in a wheelchair, an unlit cigarette in his half-open mouth. A tube runs from his ar to an I.V. on a stand attached to the wheelchair. The I.V 9. bag appears to contain blood. Again ADAM’s eyes flash, bu he keeps walking. At the end of this corridor ADAM passes through two unmar white swinging doors. Inside this area only a few doctors are visible, drinking coffee and talking somberly. ADAM passes through another set of unmarked swinging door Here, surrounded by several electronic machines, two male doctors talk with an attractive female in a white lab coa One nods to ADAM as he passes. ADAM nods back, passing another man in white lab coat, asleep in a nearby chair. At the end of a short white hallway ADAM pauses, briefly looking back, before opening a single white door, this on marked: RESTRICTED.
5) 0) text: EVE is seated at a small table near the cafe’s front wind her scarf now lowered around her neck. EVE glances at her watch, then out the window. An untouched glass of mint te sits on the table in front of her. ll. Beyond her is a small bar area where several men with tir eyes converse laconically in Arabic. Rai music floats fro a small radio on a shelf behind them. EVE’s alert eyes move again from the window to her watch, then over to the men at the bar. One of them with large, sympathetic, sleepy eyes: the BARMAN, looks over at her.
5) 1) dialog: (in Arabic to the BARMAN) You sure he wasn’t here earlier? The BARMAN shakes his head, then gestures with both hands indicating that he has no answer. Just then, all heads tu to the door. Moments later a man enters [MARLOWE]. He is an older man, but striking; his eyes assured, but cautious. He is thin and wears a trimmed beard and an odd mixture of clothing representing both the late Sixteenth late Twentieth centuries. Dangling from one pale hand are two white, unmarked plastic bags, like those from a pharm MARLOWE nods to the men at the bar, who respectfully retu the gesture as though greeting the owner or boss. MARLOWE approaches EVE, who smiles. She rises from the small tabl EVE (cont'd) Hello, darling. Embracing him, she kisses his cheek, then both sit down. EVE (cont'd) There’s only an hour ‘til sunrise.
5) 3) dialog: (again smiling) Is it the really good stuff?
5) 5) dialog: (whispering) From the French doctor?
5) 7) dialog: (now louder) I’m so happy to see you Christopher Marlowe! One of the men at the bar briefly glances over at them.
5) 9) dialog: (playfully drawn to his crankiness) Yes, I know, darling. But it’s so difficult to continue hiding such a delicious secret.
5) 11) dialog: (again whispering, eyes twinkling) The most outrageous scandal in literary history!
5) 13) dialog: Kit, have you really been wearing this frock since 1590? He looks away, a twinge of guilt briefly crossing his fac EVE stands to leave, leaning in to give MARLOWE a kiss on cheek. EVE (cont'd) (quietly) I do wish we could let the world know one day. It would cause such thrilling chaos. 13.
5) 15) dialog: Perhaps you’re right, Doctor Faustus. She laughs as MARLOWE briefly glares at her. EVE then goe out the door, MARLOWE watching through the window as she pulls her scarf over her face and crosses the Petit Socco MARLOWE, clasping his own white plastic bag, then also ri to leave.
5) 21) dialog: Ooh, the really good stuff! She steps away from the small table.
5) 24) dialog: Here’s to you, Adam, my love. 15. She brings the glass to her deep red lips and drinks.
5) 31) text: These two images, spinning ADAM and spinning EVE, are intercut (or possibly interdissolved) with the spinning turntable. As these images continue to spin they graduall become closer and closer until the faces of ADAM and EVE the screen, their eyes slowly closing in trance-like blis FADE TO BLACK.
7) 2) dialog: (voice on phone) Hey, handsome. (pause) It’s me.
7) 5) dialog: (reclining on her bed, phone to her ear) Turn on your contraption so I can see you.
8) 0) text: ADAM is seen pushing a switch on a box hand-wired into another box which is wired into the TV set. 18. The TV’s screen gradually illuminates, along with a small LED light above the camera lens on top of the TV. ADAM then falls back onto the sofa, phone to his ear, eye the TV screen. EVE’s face is now visible on the screen, a she apparently holds her phone device out in front of her
8) 2) dialog: (on screen) Hello, darling.
8) 5) dialog: (speaking off-screen) You look tired
8) 7) dialog: (tenderly, on ADAM’s screen, her handheld camera moving closer on her face) Oh, what’s the matter, baby? (then smiling a little) Miss me too much?
8) 9) dialog: (on ADAM’s screen, a little less close to her camera) Ooh. But it was your idea, Adam, your “I vont to be alone” routine. (her hand now on her forehead ala Gretta Garbo) And it hasn’t even been a year yet. 19.
8) 11) dialog: (voice off-screen) You're the worst actor I’ve ever seen. You know that? On EVE’s screen ADAM is seen getting up from the sofa and “dramatically” approaching his camera.
8) 13) dialog: (still on ADAM’s screen) Oh, Adam. You know you're impossible. Tell your affection starved wife what your bloody problem is, will you please? ADAM, on EVE'S screen, sits quietly for a moment looking from the camera.
8) 15) dialog: (voice off-screen) Another bad depression? There is no response from ADAM. EVE (cont'd) (voice again off-screen) Any supply problems?
8) 17) dialog: (voice off-screen, concerned) Are you just being dramatic? 20. ADAM, on EVE’s screen, shakes his head, then lowers it, o hand entangling itself in his long messy hair. EVE, now on ADAM’s screen, looks directly into the lens o her device. Her eyes now show a combination of sadness, compassion, and concern. EVE (cont'd) (on ADAM'’s screen) Do you...do you want to come here? And be with me? (pause) Please?
8) 19) dialog: (now on ADAM’s screen) I have a really strong neck. And it needs some kind of jewelry.
8) 21) dialog: (on ADAM'’s screen) I still have the beautiful strand you gave me two hundred years ago. Anyway, right now I’d prefer a nice scruffy albatross. There is another pause, neither speaking for several mome
8) 25) dialog: Oh, Adam. You've been deeply depressed before. Remember the 1820s? And your reaction to the first World War, that did scare the shit out of me, to say nothing of the Spanish Civil War. Then the 1950s...the ‘70s... 21.
8) 27) dialog: Yeah, well you should have lived through the fucking Vandals. Or the Tartars. The floods, the plagues. Fuckin’ hell...
8) 29) dialog: (after a pause) What about your music? On EVE’s screen, ADAM sullenly surveys his instruments an equipment surrounding him.
8) 31) dialog: Oh, Adam...Why don’t you just fucking come here and kiss me? In the past you so loved Tangier. (pause) You loved the music. And those times when your friends all lived here -- Burroughs and Brion Gysin. Paul Bowles, Brian Jones...
8) 33) dialog: Seriously? There is a long pause. EVE (cont'd) Oh, fuck. (pause) Alright. I‘1l come. On EVE’s screen ADAM’s averted eyes return to the camera. EVE (cont'd) But I can’t believe you’re doing this to me again. And tell me why again you’re in, of all places on this planet, fucking Detroit? On EVE’s screen ADAM can be seen shrugging and looking aw 22.
8) 35) dialog: Well, that’s always a plus.
8) 37) dialog: You really are too much, Adam. You know I still largely blame Keats and Shelley for your hopelessly romantic affliction. And a few of those French assholes too.
8) 39) dialog: Yeah, well, in three thousand years momma’s seen weirder times than these. (then, half to herself) Although, not by much, I must say...It’s just the traveling that’s such a drag. (pause) Don’t worry baby. I’11 just pack the bags, ‘cause we’re going on a guilt trip. Seen on ADAM’s screen, EVE smiles and sends him a kiss.
9) 0) text: EVE and MARLOWE walk arm in arm, along the Place de Franc the Ville Nouvelle section, the architecture around them still faintly echoing a decayed form of 1930s glamour.
9) 1) dialog: You sure you'll be ok? I can’t stand the thought of my not being an absolute necessity. I wish you could go with me, and help me drag Adam back over here.
10) 2) dialog: You had a dream about Ava?
10) 4) dialog: (looking off) No. I have no idea. (pause) What happened in the dream, Kit? Marlowe stares out at the water, not answering. 24. EVE (cont'd) Kit? Did you hear me? (pause) Hey, Christopher!
10) 6) dialog: Was he painfully good looking? He turns back to her.
10) 8) dialog: You don’t need to worry about me, darling.
10) 10) dialog: I will.
10) 13) dialog: (into phone) Yes, but is there a night flight from Tangier to Paris? (pause) Yes. That’s great. And is there any possibility of flying at night from Paris to Detroit? (pause) Yeah, Detroit...(pause) Brilliant. And what time does it arrive in Detroit? Her fingers select a gold credit card. EVE (cont'd) (into phone) Midnight Detroit time? Oh, that sounds lovely. (she laughs) Yeah. Alright then, I want to book those two flights, please, for one person. She raises the card in front of her. EVE (cont'd) (into phone) Oh, uh... She glances at her watch. EVE (cont'd) For tonight.
11) 0) text: EVE sits in a first class seat near the window, an empty next to her. As usual, her appearance is striking and she stands out dramatically from the other passengers. She we dark glasses, white denim jacket and white jeans, with he large black and white Arab scarf draped around her neck. Her vintage shoulder bag is cradled in her lap, on top of her hands cradling a small antique book, opened. It is a book of Shakespeare’s sonnets. EVE briefly reads several lines, silently, which are hear her voice over.
11) 1) dialog: (V.0.)
11) 2) text: Mark how with my neglect I do dispense: You are so strongly in my purpose bred That all the world besides, me thinks, are dead. EVE (cont'd) (out loud, but softly) Marlowe... 27. Gently closing the book, EVE looks at the window, its vie onto nothing but blackness. Hearing a muffled grunt from across the aisle, EVE turns time to notice that a male passenger in business clothes just cut his finger on the pull-tab of a beer can. She lowers her dark glasses and watches intently as a small amount of blood drips from the tiny wound onto the man’s table. Fixed on the blood, her eyes flare briefly as she watches the passenger wrap his finger in a white paper napkin, a bit more blood soaking into it. After a moment, she reluctantly turns her head away and repositions her d glasses. Just then, an announcement in French is heard over the plane’s speakers.
11) 5) dialog: Is it? Oh. Thank you. The FLIGHT ATTENDANT smiles, nodding, and moves off down aisle. When she is out of sight, EVE briefly glances in h direction, then quickly unwinds her scarf from her neck a contrarily stuffs it into the bag on her lap.
12) 0) text: ADAM sits on his heavy, carved, antique bed in the bedroo his house. Much like his livingroom, this room is also cluttered, heavily curtained, its decor mixing several centuries. Its dark walls are lined with framed reproductions of portraits of artists, musicians, writers scientists. ADAM looks down at his hand, which holds a silver plated, caliber revolver with pearl handles. He uncurls his other fist, revealing the wooden bullet, cased in brass. Flipping over the pistol’s revolving magazine, ADAM slide the wooden bullet into one of the six empty chambers. Wit another flip of his wrist, the magazine clicks back into place. 31. ADAM takes a deep breath, then spins the revolving magazi When it stops spinning he turns the gun, placing the end its barrel on his chest, aimed directly into his heart. ADAM closes his eyes and gently pulls the trigger. The hammer clicks loudly against an empty chamber. After a moment ADAM opens his eyes, slowly lowering the gun from chest. CUT TO BLACK.
12) 4) dialog: (in Arabic, handing him money ) Thank you.
12) 6) dialog: (in English) May the great mystery bless us all. As the taxi pulls away down the frozen street, EVE pauses look up at ADAM’s house. Soft lights barely leak through drawn curtains covering the upstairs windows. EVE’s hand affectionately grazes ADAM’s Jag as she passes EVE (cont'd) (smiling to herself) Ah yes, 1989. 32. She opens the gate and, entering the yard, stops suddenly freezing in place. A large raccoon looks up at her throug masked eyes as it crosses the walkway leading to ADAM’s d EVE (cont'd) (identifying the animal by its Latin name) Oh. Procyon Lotor. The raccoon lumbers off, disappearing into the shadows. EVE arrives at the door and presses the doorbell. It ring inside, as EVE sets down her suitcase. Behind the door sh hears footsteps rapidly descending the staircase, and a moment later the door swings open. ADAM, fully dressed, sees her and momentarily freezes in doorway. ADAM and EVE gaze into each other’s radiant eyes ADAM steps out and embraces her. They pull back slightly, again gazing at one another. Their lips meet in a long ki of reunited lovers. ADAM steps back, his hands still on EVE’s waist, both now perceptibly dizzy. EVE (cont'd) (softly) Hello. After a pause, ADAM picks up her suitcase, then steps asi to let her enter. She hesitates.
12) 9) dialog: (leaning back into ADAM’s arms ) I think maybe we’ve overdone it.
12) 11) dialog: I love your newest music.
12) 13) dialog: (settling back into ADAM’s arms ) Yeah, right. Hey, Mr. Guitar man. Do you know: ‘I Drank Your Mother's Blood, and She Tasted Like a Whore’?
12) 15) dialog: You know, it does concern me that you’ve finally let your music go out into the world. You’ve always been so careful about it, only sending it anonymously to other composers.
12) 17) dialog: So why did you release this recent stuff?
12) 20) dialog: Before what? (pause) You know, you always conveniently have the mortals to blame when you sink into depression, but then, what you really care about is all their most beautiful accomplishments. What about all your artist heroes?
12) 22) dialog: Oh no? What about your beloved scientists?
12) 24) dialog: Come on Adam, if we’re going to start cataloguing the atrocities of human history, those are probably very minor examples.
12) 26) dialog: We are fragile. Everything is. But how amazing it is to observe all the details of history flowing by!
12) 28) dialog: Yeah, well our time will end, too. But first I intend, if possible, to watch it all just get washed away...like the momentary waves in the ocean, the stars fading from the black sky... Her words trail off. She turns her head a little, gently kissing ADAM’s neck. ADAM, looking off, caresses her hair with one hand. The music on the tape machine has ended. EVE (cont'd) I don’t want you to leave me, Adam. At least we have each other.
12) 30) dialog: (quietly) No. Sounds intriguing. (pause, her eyes closing) But maybe you better tell me about it later, ‘cause it’s gonna get light out. We better go to bed, baby.
12) 32) dialog: (eyes closed) Mmmm?
12) 34) dialog: (sleepily) She’s a pretty one. Her thin white hand reaches over and briefly caresses the wooden instrument. 36. EVE (cont'd) (her hand retracting) 1905...
12) 36) dialog: (eyes again closing, her hand on his sleeve) Umm hmm...and did you realize your bathrobe is over a hundred and fifty years old?
13) 0) text: ADAM and EVE are in bed together side by side, naked, asl Gradually EVE wakes, squinting as though through a hangov She sleepily surveys her surroundings before her thin arm reaches an antique lamp on the bed-stand and switches it ADAM stirs and wakes. Seeing EVE, he kisses her, and snak an arm around her. They gaze happily into each other’s ey
13) 1) dialog: Glad to see me? ADAM kisses her again, rolling over on top of her. Again they look into each others eyes, EVE smiling happily. EVE (cont'd) Oh, I think I’m a bit hungover, my love. (pause) Your supply is an excellent vintage, I must say. Quite delicious.
13) 3) dialog: (lazily) Did you know only female mosquitoes suck blood? (pause) Oh, but of course you did.
13) 5) dialog: Of course.
13) 7) dialog: I’m a Bructeri Druid, but close enough.
13) 9) dialog: Well, first of all, we didn’t construct Stonehenge. A culture previous to us did. But we learned that they dragged those stones across land on, like, sort of giant sleds that rolled over a moveable system of strong wooden rails lined with spherical stone bearings.
13) 11) dialog: (laughing) How fuckin’ old do you think I am? ADAM laughs a little as EVE now rolls on top of him.
13) 13) dialog: (smiling) And I love being a cradle-robber. She caresses his face. EVE (cont'd) I‘’1l tell you one thing, though.
13) 15) dialog: It’s a good thing we both got turned before we were too old to fuck.
13) 17) dialog: Yes. Allow me to demonstrate.
13) 19) dialog: (softly) You know, I should correct myself.
13) 21) dialog: The Egyptians. In true fact they built their pyramids at least a thousand years later than Stonehenge.
13) 23) dialog: Oh, did you? They roll over, entwined, ADAM now on top.
14) 0) text: ADAM and EVE sit across from each other, carefully studyi chessboard between them on the kitchen table. Both again wear their dark bathrobes, EVE with her Stetson hat pushe back on her head. In the kitchen around them, no trace of human food is visible. Cupboards, shelves, and counters instead hold stacks of books, vinyl records, and dismantled electronic EVE smiles as she makes a move on the chess board, taking ADAM’s queen with her bishop.
14) 1) dialog: There goes your queen, playboy. Check. Brow furrowed, ADAM studies the board. EVE (cont'd) By the way, your hero Christopher Marlowe sends his regards.
14) 3) dialog: Oh, eccentric and secretive as always. I must say he does seem to enjoy being the king of the Tangier underground.
14) 5) dialog: Adam? He doesn’t respond. EVE (cont'd) Since we were talking about great English poets, will you tell me again about when you hung out with Lord Byron?
14) 7) dialog: Oh, tell me again. Please? ADAM sighs and briefly looks up at her.
14) 9) dialog: On your way to Italy, right?
14) 11) dialog: And what was he like?
14) 13) dialog: And what about the great John Keats?
14) 15) dialog: Oh, but it amuses me so. Please tell me more.
14) 17) dialog: “,..That thou wouldst wish thine own heart dry of blood So in my veins red life might stream again...” ADAM looks up at her. Her eyes sparkle with mischief. 4l. EVE (cont'd) So what was Mary like, then? Mary Wollstonecraft. ADAM looks back at the game, trying to ignore her. EVE (cont'd) Come on then, what was she like?
14) 19) dialog: Mmm. I’11 bet she was. They gaze at each other across the table, EVE’s eyes then suddenly lighting up. EVE (cont'd) Oh! That reminds me. I have a surprise! An experiment. She gets up and goes to the refrigerator just behind her. ADAM watches curiously as she opens the freezer.
14) 21) dialog: (taking something out) Yes it does. I plugged it in. But I must say, you’ve wired this place in a most peculiar way.
14) 23) dialog: (licking her popsicle) O Negative! Frozen on a stick! Mmm, refreshing. ADAM takes the other from her, examining it carefully, holding the stick hesitantly between two fingers. His ton then barely grazes it.
14) 25) dialog: Mmm. Mine’s delicious. 42. ADAM licks his again, a little less tentatively.
14) 27) dialog: Checkmate, darling.
14) 29) dialog: (rising from the table, smiling) I’m a survivor, baby. As she floats out of the room, her sparkling eyes glance over her shoulder.
14) 33) dialog: (a moment later) 1956. 43.
14) 35) dialog: Weren’t things much more interesting before electrical power? Really, people had more interesting ideas.
14) 39) dialog: (to herself) Amanita Muscaria. How odd. (then, louder) Adam?
14) 40) text: ADAM has opened a metal door on the transformer, and flip the switches of several circuit-breakers. Lights come bac on inside the house. He closes the metal box then moves toward EVE.
14) 42) dialog: Hey, did you see these before?
14) 44) dialog: But it’s winter.
14) 46) dialog: (softly to the mushrooms) You guys shouldn’t be here.
15) 0) text: EVE is alone in ADAM’s bed, asleep, radiant under the dim light from a nearby table lamp. After some moments, ADAM enters. He is in his doctor drag white lab coat over green scrubs, stethoscope around his neck, doctor’s bag in hand. EVE shifts and stretches. Her eyes squint sleepily. Then, seeing ADAM, she laughs lightly, gently rubbing her eyes.
15) 1) dialog: What on earth are you doing, my love? (pause) Are we playing ‘doctor’? 45.
15) 3) dialog: (pouting) Oh...am I not included? ADAM approaches her.
15) 5) dialog: 1968...Maybe you need a newer one. ADAM stands and looks down at her. EVE (cont'd) (looking up, sensing a change in ADAM) What is it, darling?
15) 7) dialog: You did? (pause) And I don’t suppose it was a good one...
15) 9) dialog: Hope so. Good luck with the surgery, doctor. He closes the door behind him. EVE sinks back in bed, arm behind her head. Her alert eyes shift from the ceiling to the dimly lit framed portraits lining the walls around he 46. She scans the faces: Baudiliere, Tesla, Mark Twain, Sir Isaach Newton, Edgar Allen Poe, Charlie Patton, Henry Purcell, Emily Dickenson, Luis Bunuel, Iggy Pop, Black El William Blake, William Burroughs, Samuel Beckett, John Coltrane, etc. [all TBD] Her bright eyes then stop, settling on a reproduction of portrait of Christopher Marlowe: it shows a striking youn man, 21 years old, self assured, a bit flashy, arms folde right over left. EVE (cont'd) (softly) Marlowe... She sighs. After a moment her eyes drift back to the ceiling, now as though fixed on something in the far, far distance.
15) 11) dialog: (softly to herself) June 23rd, 1868...Our third wedding... She kisses the photo, then holds it to her chest. As she moves toward the sofa something glints at her from a partially opened drawer. Her thin hand reaches inside and retrieves ADAM’s silver-plated, pearl-handled revolver. EVE sinks into the sofa, antique photo in one hand, gun i the other. She places the photo on the coffee table, then flips the gun’s magazine open. Her fingers extract a sing bullet from its chamber. She looks at it in the palm of h hand, its tip made of dark, heavy, polished wood. The mus ends. 47. EVE (cont'd) (to herself, studying the wooden bullet) Dalbergia retusa... EVE sighs deeply, her fist closing around the wooden bull her eyes drifting away. A moment later a car is audible, ADAM’s car, stopping outside. Its engine shuts off and a door opens and closes EVE straightens, waiting for him, gun in one hand, bullet enclosed in the other. ADAM’s footsteps are heard on the stairs just before he enters the living room, still parti dressed as a doctor. Confidently, he crosses toward EVE, leather bag in hand. pauses, though, seeing her expression, then the revolver her hand. As their eyes meet, EVE’s fist opens revealing the wooden bullet. EVE (cont'd) So, what’s all this, then? ADAM sets the doctor’s bag on the coffee table and straightens. EVE (cont'd) Tell me you’re having trouble with one of the others. Please tell me that. ADAM shrugs.
15) 13) dialog: Oh. Ok. She deftly flips the revolving magazine open, slides the bullet in the chamber, flips it closed, and spins it. She stands, eyes fixed on ADAM, and quickly presses the gun’s barrel into her chest pointing directly into her heart. S pulls back the hammer. CLICK. ADAM leaps forward in a single motion and snatches the gu from her hand. There is a tense moment, each looking into the other’s smouldering eyes. ADAM exhales, then sits down on the sofa.
15) 15) dialog: I was just trying to make a point.
15) 17) dialog: The point is, what the fuck is your problem, Adam? You complain incessantly about mortals not appreciating their exquisite gift of consciousness, and then you, who’s exquisite and beautiful and special, you wanna pump a wooden bullet into yourself? There is a heavy pause, ADAM then pocketing the bullet.
15) 19) dialog: To reassure you of what? Your own mortality? Your fragility? What, Adam? (Then, shaking her head in dismay) You know, in nature, survival is always more difficult for the predator than its prey. Fewer wolves than deer. Fewer hawks than rabbit. Fewer bats than insects.
15) 21) dialog: Yeah, humans... EVE gently touches his face. EVE (cont'd) Soon, though, they’1ll genetically modify themselves. (pause) These are the last of the “organic” ones.
15) 24) dialog: Oh, it’s already too late I’m afraid, for the original ones. Their extinction has already started: the water wars, new diseases, devastated planet... (pause) And then you know what will happen?
15) 26) dialog: Rodents will evolve as the predominant mammals. The controlling intelligence on the planet.
15) 28) dialog: Yep.
15) 30) dialog: I’ve seen a lot go past me. (pause) Which just brings be back to my point.
15) 32) dialog: (caressing his long hair) That you’re such a wanker, Adam. You’re as ridiculously romantic as all your dead poet and astronomer friends put together. She gets up and moves to the stack of records she sifted through earlier. EVE (cont'd) (glancing mischievously over her shoulder) You’ve been quite lucky in love, though, if I may say so. ADAM opens the leather bag, lifting out one of the stainl steel canisters. As he sets it on the table EVE passes, a vinyl record in her hand. 50. EVE (cont'd) Is it the delicious 0 Neg again? ADAM nods. EVE (cont'd) Mmm. She places the 33rpm record on a turntable. It begins to spin. EVE (cont'd) (placing the tonearm on the record) But first, I’m gonna dance. The music begins. It’s a vintage soul song ["Trapped by a Thing Called Love” by Denise LaSalle, TBD]. EVE begins to dance in a style perfectly aligned with the period of the music. ADAM watches her. After a minute or so EVE pulls ADAM up from the sofa, embracing him, and drawing him into a slow dance. EVE (cont'd) (while dancing with ADAM) Let’s get straight and then go for a drive. I haven’t been out of your hovel since I arrived.
15) 35) dialog: Oh, I’m just so happy to be out in the world. This is like watching a movie! No response from ADAM. EVE (cont'd) So show me things. Give me a tour! 51.
15) 37) dialog: Oh, come on! I wanna see the ruins. (pause) Show me where all the cool young vampires hang out.
15) 39) dialog: (pointing to an abandoned factory) What was that?
15) 41) dialog: (eyes lit up) How exciting! The ghostly white Jaguar continues down a long, murky str A Detroit police cruiser passes them going in the opposit direction. EVE (cont'd) (quietly) There’s something I should tell you.
15) 43) dialog: Well, I also had a...a dream about my sister.
15) 45) dialog: And so did Marlowe, before I left Tangier. She’s looking for us. I’m sure of it.
15) 47) dialog: Well, it has been a long time, Adam. 52.
15) 49) dialog: It was 84 years ago. In Paris.
15) 51) dialog: (distracted) Yeah. Time flies.
15) 53) dialog: Come on, Adam. She is my sister. ADAM looks over at her suspiciously.
15) 55) dialog: We’re...related by blood. He stares at her a moment longer before his eyes return t the road. The Jag makes another turn then rolls to a stop at a red light. ADAM and EVE watch as two men in dirty, thermal coveralls, cautiously carrying a large rectangular mirror cross directly in front of them. For a moment as they pas the Jag’s windshield is perfectly framed in the large mir In it’s reflection ADAM and EVE are NOT VISIBLE, their ca appearing to be unoccupied. As the men obliviously leave their view, ADAM and EVE gla at each other, EVE then laughing as the light changes and Jag continues. EVE (cont'd) (happily) Ah, I never get tired of the old mirror gag. ADAM smiles. Moments later he points to a building on the right.
15) 57) dialog: Oh, fantastic! (then, as it recedes) But, to be honest, except for Smokey and Marvin, and of course the Temps, I was never really a huge Motown fan. Always been more of a Stax girl, ya know?
15) 59) dialog: Adam, I want to take you back to Tangier with me. You loved it there once. (pause) If you do, I’1l get you a beautiful antique stringed instrument, with exotic woods, and pearl inlays.
15) 61) dialog: But I mean a magical one!
16) 0) text: ADAM and EVE, returning from their drive, enter through the front door. They pause abruptly. TO BLACK.
16) 7) dialog: I think I did. I had a dream... 55.
16) 9) dialog: (to ADAM) Is that what you were talking about earlier? Spooky action at a distance?
16) 12) dialog: Listen, Ava, how did you get in here without...without being invited to cross the threshold?
16) 14) dialog: No. Not garlic. But, my little fool, it’s still quite bad luck to cross the threshold...
16) 19) dialog: (tossing her coat over an amplifier) So, just passing through Detroit?
16) 24) dialog: Adam...
16) 26) dialog: Adam, that was 84 years ago.
16) 29) dialog: Are you alone? 57.
16) 33) dialog: Ava! AVA whirls back around.
16) 39) dialog: I know. (pause) But, she’s been traveling, and that fucks you up, ya know? Plus avoiding the bloody daylight exposure... She reaches out gently touching ADAM’s back. EVE (cont'd) It’ll be ok. It’s always weird with...relatives. ADAM turns toward her.
16) 41) dialog: No. I put her to bed in that other bedroom.
16) 43) dialog: The small one, downstairs. ADAM looks at her blankly. EVE (cont'd) Just down from the kitchen?
16) 45) dialog: (teasing him) Must you curse so much? ADAM reacts by staring at the floor. EVE (cont'd) Come to bed, baby. She’s out cold, and it’s getting light out. You can do that when we get up tonight. ADAM remains motionless, upright, while EVE reaches over turns off the lamp. 59. CUT TO BLACK.
17) 2) dialog: (sleepily) What is it Ava?
17) 6) dialog: What is it Ava?
17) 9) dialog: Why don’t you go get dressed, and then we'll get up and we can all have breakfast together.
17) 11) dialog: Yeah. 60.
17) 13) dialog: You just get dressed and we'll bring you some, ok?
17) 20) dialog: What is it, baby? You think it was the traveling?
17) 23) dialog: Don’t joke, Adam.
17) 25) dialog: (to AVA) Have you been especially careful about your food these days, what with all the contamination?
17) 43) dialog: Not true. We went out for a drive just the other night.
17) 45) dialog: I wouldn’t mind. Adam? ADAM glares at her. AVA springs up from the couch.
18) 0) text: A band is playing messy, very loud, damaged-sounding rock’n’roll on the small stage of a rundown club. Directl opposite the stage is a bar, with racks of bottles behind partially obscuring a long mirror. Between the stage and bar are some tables, and around them people watching the play the last song of its set. Seated around one table, off to the side, are EVE, ADAM, and ADAM’s young “manager”, IAN. EVE wears her white Stet hat while ADAM hides behind dark wraparound sunglasses. A bounces energetically to the discordant music. ADAM leans in toward EVE. 64.
18) 2) dialog: (enjoying herself) Don’t worry. Nobody ever notices that. Just relax ok? Enjoy the music. The band finishes, growling guitar feedback mixing with applause from the small crowd. As the musicians step off stage, people begin talking and milling around. Recorded music starts from the jukebox. Several musician types briefly stop by the table to reverently congratulate IAN on the underground success of anonymous record. As they drift away, IAN leans in, smili
18) 10) dialog: (politely) Nothing, thanks. IAN then watches as AVA pulls out a silver flask. She unscrews the top and takes a swig.
18) 17) dialog: (gently) I‘ll take some. ADAM scowls as EVE drinks from the flask. She smiles at h then offers him the flask. Reluctantly, ADAM takes a drin AVA, smiling, snatches the flask from him and takes anoth big swig.
18) 28) dialog: Ok, darling. But let’s not panic, or make anything obvious, huh? She smiles at him. They turn to see AVA, now dancing suggestively to ADAM’s slow, unusual music. She locks her eyes on ADAM as she turns and, looking over her shoulder, briefly pulls her short dress halfway over her ass. She laughs.
18) 30) dialog: (to AVA) We're leaving now. As they follow in ADAM’s direction, AVA in turn reaches b to grab the hand of IAN, pulling him along as well. ADAM exits as the other three, hands linked, move past th bar and toward the door. Standing at the bar, facing the mirror are the BASS PLAYER and DRUMMER seen earlier on st While the BASS PLAYER looks down at his beer, the DRUMMER gazes absently into the mirror.
18) 38) text: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT EVE, ADAM, AVA and IAN are in ADAM’s livingroom/studio. E sits on one end of the couch, while at the other end AVA nestled very close to IAN, her hand lightly moving undern the sleeve of his shirt. ADAM, standing, is collecting re and boxes of his tapes. Music plays, but not ADAM’s music
18) 43) dialog: It’s getting really late. We all should retire before it starts getting light out. IAN leans forward on the couch, but AVA immediately pulls back toward her.
18) 52) dialog: Goodnight, baby. (then extending her hand to IAN) Nice to meet you, Ian. See you again soon, I hope.
19) 0) text: EVE turns a lamp on. She is sitting on ADAM’s side of the bed pulling on her dark red bathrobe, the silver flask in hand. ADAM is still asleep, again with a pillow over his head. 70. EVE pulls up a corner of the pillow and, smiling, peeks a ADAM. He opens one eye.
19) 2) dialog: Yeah.
19) 4) dialog: I put a little in for AVA.
19) 6) dialog: I’m gonna go check on her. But, you're right, she’s gotta leave. I need to have you all to myself.
19) 8) dialog: (standing) We look so young, don’t we? ADAM looks over at the photograph, as EVE leaves the room their faces in it appearing identical to the present.
19) 10) dialog: (looking directly into AVA's half-opened eyes) Ava, what did you do?!
19) 12) dialog: Why did you do that to Ian? AVA looks over at the dead, blue IAN, his corpse complete drained of blood.
19) 14) dialog: (furious) Explain, Ava!
19) 16) dialog: No wonder, you idiot. He was in the fucking music business! For fuck’s sake, Ava. This is the twenty-first bloody century! That’s like having unprotected sex! You stupid twat. Now you’ve endangered all of us.
19) 20) dialog: No, Adam! ADAM freezes, his leg held back threateningly. AVA sobs. ADAM turns to EVE. 73.
19) 22) dialog: Well, kicking her head in would hardly accomplish that.
19) 24) dialog: Listen. Ava’s gotta get out of here, and we have to deal with this.
19) 30) dialog: You have to go. AVA backs away from the house, sobbing. EVE closes the do from inside. AVA wipes at her running mascara, then looks at the house.
19) 34) dialog: I’m so sorry. He seemed like a lovely fellow.
19) 36) dialog: No one can connect you with him, can they?
19) 38) dialog: Yeah. So much for that confidentiality agreement. 75. ADAM stops pacing and glares at her, then looks down at h broken antique guitar.
19) 40) dialog: (softly, sincerely) Look how beautifully it was made inside. ADAM whirls and kicks the guitar, breaking it further and scattering its pieces. Shielding herself, EVE quickly ris watching ADAM with concern as he continues pacing frantically.
19) 42) dialog: (flaring up) I didn’t fucking invite her! Don’t blame me for this.
19) 44) dialog: (standing up, putting on the gloves) What’s the plan, then?
19) 47) text: INT. ADAM’S CAR - NIGHT ADAM angrily, recklessly, drives his Jag through the Detr night, EVE solemn in the passenger seat.
19) 48) dialog: Take it easy. Let’s just stay calm.
19) 50) dialog: (softly) Please, Adam. She reaches over and touches his shoulder, but he shrugs away and she withdraws her arm. A police car passes them, traveling in the opposite direction. EVE (cont'd) What are we gonna do with him? ADAM doesn’t respond. EVE (cont'd) In the old days we could just chuck ‘em in the Thames...alongside all the other tubercular floaters.
19) 52) dialog: (after a pause, trying to lighten the mood) We could put him through a wood- chipper. Like in the movie FARGO. ADAM glances over, questioningly. EVE (cont'd) You didn’t see FARGO?
19) 54) dialog: A movie. It’s got Steve Buscemi in it. I love him.
19) 56) dialog: Darling, you’re so...unhip. ADAM glances at her, a hint of insecurity flashing across brooding eyes.
19) 59) dialog: (surveying the landscape through the windshield) Delightful. ADAM turns and checks behind him, then switches off the headlights, leaving the engine running.
20) 0) text: Together ADAM and EVE drag the tarped body from the car toward the large chemical tank.
20) 1) dialog: Is this like in BATMAN, when they throw the Joker into the acid?
20) 3) dialog: Tell me I’m crazy, but those are most definitely Canis Latrans.
20) 5) dialog: Interesting. In the heart of Detroit?
20) 7) dialog: My, that was certainly...visual. ADAM turns and descends the rusty metal stairs, EVE then following.
21) 0) text: ADAM is manically pacing in the small room, his fingers twisting his hair. EVE sits calmly on the bed, watching h Clothes and objects are strewn everywhere, and drawers fl open. Piles of money in various denominations, as well as passports, jewelry, and credit cards are scattered across surface of the bed surrounding EVE. Still pacing and losing control, ADAM reaches into an ope drawer and flings a handful of U.S. bills into the air.
21) 2) text: ADAM (cont'd) (pause, then in an unusual voice) Sorry, but me wife’s sis’ turned up and she sucked it all down! (then, moving even closer) Then she sucked up my business partner. Just like that!
21) 3) dialog: (quietly) Adam, you're upsetting me.
21) 5) dialog: Yeah. Let’s just calm down. (pause) What we’re going to do is calmly get the hell out of here. Suddenly the doorbell rings. Both freeze momentarily, the ADAM rushes to the window. Pulling the curtain back very slightly, he peeks out. The bell rings again. Outside he sees the same group of young hipsters who rang bell earlier. Several are on his porch, and several more a car parked in the street. EVE (cont'd) Who is it?
21) 7) dialog: (calmly) Don’t be ridiculous. They’1ll go away. Good job it isn’t the authorities.
21) 9) dialog: (turning on her white mobile) We'll be long gone, baby. She scrolls then dials a number on the phone, then waits. 81. EVE (cont'd) (calmly into phone) Yes, I’d like to make some reservations. (pause) Thank you. The sound of a car pulling away is heard. ADAM closes the curtain and turns to EVE, a wild look in his eyes. EVE (cont'd) (into phone) Yes, I want to book flights for two to Tangier. (pause) Yes, from Detroit, flying at night please. (pause) Thank you.
21) 11) dialog: (to ADAM, hand over the phone) Oh fuck your bloody instruments. There are millions of beautiful instruments in the world. Calm down. (then, back into phone). Excuse me? (pause) Oh, connecting through London? Her eyes are on ADAM, who spins away from her, fingers ag entangled in his hair. EVE (cont'd) (calmly into phone) London’s not good. How about... (pause) Oh, yes, Madrid is good. And that flight is also at night?
21) 13) dialog: (into phone but glaring at
22) 0) text: ADAM and EVE are seated in first class on an airplane. Th interior is darkened, all other visible passengers asleep ADAM also appears to be asleep, slouched in the window se his gaunt face mostly covered by hair and dark glasses. E in the aisle seat next to him, also wears dark glasses. Though noticeably more fragile than before, she sits upri alert and wide awake, as her thin hands caress their wedd photo cradled in her lap. FADE TO BLACK.
23) 0) text: EVE struggles to help ADAM out of a taxi in the somewhat down quarter of Tangier near EVE’s apartment. The Morocca driver lifts their suitcases from the car’s open trunk. EVE pays him and he thanks her politely. They pick up the luggage as the car pulls away. ADAM now quite frail, is having trouble walking. He stops propping himself against a wall. Two shadowed figures pass them, one pausing in front of t briefly to offer “something really special”, first in Fre then English. EVE shakes her head definitively and the figure moves away.
23) 1) dialog: (now taking ADAM’s arm) Come on baby, we’re almost there.
23) 3) dialog: (she glances at the sky) It'll be fine, we’ve got time.
23) 5) dialog: No, which concerns me a little. (pause) But we’ll find him, I’m sure. Come on. They make it to the next corner, EVE pausing to look up a the building where she lives. EVE (cont'd) (visibly surprised) That’s odd.
23) 7) dialog: My lights are on.
23) 11) dialog: (in Arabic, wide-eyed but calm) What’s going on here? This is my apartment. The woman glances at the man, then stands up and immediat begins to gather their belongings, the girl instinctively springing up to help her. The man nods toward the two boy then stands.
23) 15) dialog: (in Arabic) Wait. The MAN turns and EVE hands him some folded bills. He sha his head, unable to accept. EVE (cont'd) (in Arabic, putting the money in his hand) I insist. Find another place. The man backs out the door, half bowing.
23) 17) dialog: Nevermind, but I still live here. She closes the door and leans against it, arms folding ac her chest. She surveys the disheveled state of her apartment. Furniture rearranged, ADAM unconscious on the bed. She crosses the room, making sure the curtains are tightl closed. CUT TO BLACK.
23) 19) dialog: (quietly to herself) Damnit, Marlowe, where are you? 86. She stares off into space for a moment, then turns toward ADAM. Looking down at him, she lovingly caresses his hair then runs the back of her hand across his sunken cheek. Then, raising his hand in hers, she kisses his wedding ri then replaces his arm. EVE gently rocks ADAM’s shoulders, now attempting to wake him. He remains unconscious, silent and unmoving. She roc him again, harder. Still no results. EVE (cont'd) Damnit, Adam! She pulls his hair away from one side of his face, then s him sharply across the cheek. A moment later ADAM stirs and grunts, then groggily raise one hand to his cheek.
23) 21) dialog: No, not yet. But you gotta get up. We’re gonna go find him.
23) 23) dialog: (gently) It'll be alright, baby. She strokes his hair.
24) 0) text: ADAM and EVE walk shakily through the shadowed corridors the Medina, ADAM partially supporting himself on EVE’s shoulder. She is also weak, but determined. They move past several men outside a dim cafe. One approaches them, speaking in English.
24) 4) dialog: Fuck.
24) 6) dialog: Come on. They stumble across the square, arriving at the locked do of the cafe. EVE knocks on the door. No response.
25) 0) text: The Moroccan BARMAN cautiously locks the door behind them then turns to face EVE, his sympathetic eyes on the verge tears.
26) 0) text: The BARMAN closes the door and turns to face them. The ro is a relatively small office; a library lined with bookshelves, there is a desk, several chairs, and a tea- table. Books are stacked everywhere.
27) 0) text: Just behind EVE, ADAM and the BARMAN, the door mechanical closes. The room is medium-sized, windowless, and lit by lamps and candles. It’s walls are dark, it’s furnishings mixture of antique European and Moroccan. A small desk si in a corner, its surface a mess of handwritten manuscript Central to the room however is an antique daybed with a reclining figure under a dark red, velvet cover. 89. It’s Marlowe, pale, weak and thin. His eyes slowly open a light up faintly as they locate his visitors. With effort he lifts one hand, palm down, toward EVE.
27) 2) dialog: My dear Christopher Marlowe.
27) 5) dialog: What happened, Kit? Feebly his hand feels for something next to him, under th velvet bed-cover. He lifts a tarnished, inlaid flask and attempts to hand it to EVE. She takes it from him.
27) 9) dialog: Well, there he is.
27) 14) dialog: (crying softly) If the world could only know... ADAM lifts MARLOWE’s hand to his lips and kisses it, then gently replacing the dead man’s arm. FADE TO BLACK.
28) 0) text: ADAM and EVE hover somberly in a narrow alley behind some buildings not far from the cafe. Silently they lean against a wall, shoulder to shoulder. EVE, face still streaked from her tears, carefully takes the flask and takes a small sip. She hands it to ADAM who sips, then tilts the flask approximating it’s meager contents. He then hands it back to EVE. ADAM’s head rolls back against the wall. He studies a tangled mass of electrical wires just above him, hanging the buildings.
28) 2) dialog: (teasing, imitating him) Yeah, stupid bloody humans. After a brief reaction from ADAM, there is a moment of silence. Then suddenly they speak in unison.
28) 3) dialog: What are we gonna do? There is a pause before EVE laughs. ADAM attempts to scow
28) 4) dialog: Hey, I know what I’m gonna do.
28) 6) dialog: I’m gonna give you a present. She holds onto him tightly. EVE (cont'd) We're gonna go a few blocks away, and you're gonna wait for me there. Ok?
28) 8) dialog: Do you have any money on you? She kisses his cheek.
28) 10) dialog: (bright eyed) Good. Give me all your money, baby. Her arms still around him, his hand fumbles to locate his outer coat pocket.
29) 0) text: ADAM leans against a wall in the shadows. He is on a narr street just off the Petit Socco, peering into the open, f windows of a bar or small club. From inside, hallucinator music mixes traditional Middle Eastern and North African forms with something more modern and equally entrancing. 93. Most remarkable, though, is how the music slowly swirls around a single female voice, half whispering the vocals Arabic ADAM becomes mesmerized. Several shadowy figures pass him one pausing.
29) 3) dialog: Sorry, darling. She kisses him on the cheek. His eyes are drawn back to t musicians.
29) 5) dialog: Oh, yeah. She’s called Yaz. She's Lebanese.
29) 7) dialog: Just her music. (pause) They say she’s gonna be a big star, though. 94.
29) 9) dialog: (observing him) You wanna go in?
29) 11) dialog: Your present.
30) 0) text: EVE, smiling, backs away from him and into a small market stall. Adam follows, and EVE presents him with a beautifu antique, inlaid lute. ADAM’s sunken eyes lock on the instrument as she gently delivers it into his hands.
30) 1) dialog: (proudly) 1605. ADAM plucks several strings and holds the body of the lut his ear. EVE (cont'd) Been eyeing it for you for years. You never know, maybe it was John Dowland’s. ADAM half-stumbles toward her, holding the lute with one and embracing her with the other.
30) 3) dialog: (brightly) But I told you I would. 95. A shadowed figure passes by the stall, pausing to briefly peer in at them. It then moves away.
32) 0) text: On a small, deserted public terrace in the Ville Nouvelle ADAM and EVE sit looking out onto a sweeping view of the port. Its water is black and glittering. In the light their skin is luminously white, their featur frail and sunken. ADAM holds the lute across his lap. Aft a silence, EVE carefully opens MARLOWE’s flask and takes sip. She then passes it to ADAM. As he drinks, the angle the flask makes it clear that very little of the fluid is left inside. ADAM hands it back to her, both again gazing out at the water.
32) 2) dialog: (looking off) Yeah, they’re already starting.
32) 4) dialog: (after a pause) How much of a human’s body is water? 96.
32) 6) dialog: And how much of the earth’s surface?
32) 8) dialog: Yeah. Feebly, she tosses the empty flask out toward the black water. A moment later a small “splash” is audible. EVE th places a hand on ADAM’s trembling fingers.
32) 10) dialog: Yeah. Again they stare listlessly off into the water. ADAM’s fingers again begin to pluck the lute strings, though eve more slowly this time. As EVE looks into the water, ADAM half-notices a young Moroccan couple approaching. 97. They laugh, then stop near a railing some distance away oblivious to ADAM and EVE’s presence. The young couple begins a long, passionate kiss, their arms fully encircli each other. EVE now notices them too, watching approvingly for a mome before her eyes return to the water. EVE (cont'd) (softly) Tell me now about Einstein’s theory that you mentioned, Spooky Action at a Distance. (pause, then looking over at him) Does it have something to do with quantum theory?
32) 12) dialog: Yeah? So, what is it? He stops playing.
32) 14) dialog: Even at opposite ends of the universe?
32) 16) dialog: And what if these particles...are in alternate universes?
32) 18) dialog: Is that what we’re thinking? ADAM doesn’t respond, his eyes now ghoulishly locked on t embracing couple. EVE (cont'd) Adam, really. That’s so fuckin’ fifteenth century. ADAM looks over at her, then both again drift back to the lovers entwined, entranced, completely oblivious to the w around them. EVE (cont'd) They are deliciously beautiful aren’t they?
32) 20) dialog: (after a pause) I guess for once you’re right. (pause) But we’re only gonna turn them. Ok?
32) 22) dialog: Excuse me. 99. The couple's dazed heads slowly separate, their bleary ey attempting to focus on the source of this interruption. CUT TO BLACK.