1) 0) text: ADAM is reascending the stairs after letting IAN in, who follows behind him. ADAM now carries the worn guitar case
1) 1) dialog: (with American accent) Yeah, man, I finally found it for you. Hey, should I take my boots off? They’re all wet.
1) 5) dialog: (proudly) Yeah, and all the electronics and everything are original, of course. I made sure they all work.
1) 7) dialog: It’s male? The two stand, looking down at the guitar.
1) 9) dialog: And who’s William Lawes?
1) 11) dialog: Oh. (then after a longer pause) Adam, are you, uh, you ok? ADAM, miles away, sinks into the sofa while IAN moves equipment off a nearby brocade-covered chair. IAN (cont'd) (excitedly) You know, your new stuff is really echoing through the underground. It’s all over the place! (then sitting down) I mean, I know you never want to do anything live, I understand, but man I’m gettin’ more and more calls with offers all the time! One label offered a really huge advance. And I got several calls about scoring films, also offering a lot of money, man.
1) 13) dialog: No, yeah! You pay me really well! You bought my car, and everything.
1) 17) dialog: (curiously) Again? But again ADAM has drifted off, his brooding eyes fixed o something a thousand miles away. IAN (cont'd) Uh, what were you saying?
1) 19) dialog: Sure. Anything. What is it?
1) 21) dialog: Seriously?
1) 23) dialog: A wooden bullet? Really?
1) 27) dialog: Oh! Well, let me think. And, uh, does the shell casing have to be made of wood too? I mean, don’t they have to be made of brass or something?
1) 29) dialog: Ok. A wooden bullet. (then, putting the cash in his coat pocket) Just one?
1) 31) dialog: Ok, I’ll get right on it. (pause) Anything else weird that you need?
1) 33) dialog: Really? Uh, sure. (then, also standing up) You going somewhere?
1) 37) dialog: (following him out) Well, do you want some company?
1) 40) dialog: (disconnecting cables) Of course. As always. IAN watches the ghostly white Jag pull away, a hint of fo rising off the surrounding slush and snow. The car disappears into a background of abandoned industrial buildings.
2) 0) text: Her head and face now covered by Stetson hat and Arab sca EVE’s luminous blue eyes lead her through the narrow corridors of the Medina. Though approaching 5am, the passageways still show shadowy signs of nefarious activit Several times, men emerge from darkened doorways and appr EVE as she passes. They speak in Arabic, or French, or English, all offering her “something very special”. EVE, however, is unfazed, moving cautiously, but somehow flowi past them like water. She crosses the square of the Grand Socco, where men gath near several small cafes and bars. 8. Some chatter to her as she moves past and enters another Narrow passage across the square. Again descending, several women, covered with brightly colored Riffian shawls, observe her curiously from the shadows as she approaches the end of the passageway. It empties onto another, smaller, square: the Petit Socco EVE pauses, eyes scanning the only open cafe on the squar Its lit sign reads: ONE THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS. EVE heads across the square toward the cafe’s illuminatio her face still covered.
4) 0) text: ADAM, almost silently, enters a room lined with glass-cov shelves, the shelves lined with medications and restricte supplies. A single technician, a PHARMACIST, in white lab coat, sit a metal table, his back turned to ADAM. On the table’s surface, his white gloved hands utilize a flat knife-like instrument, as he deftly separates a large pile of loose capsules by color. Just beyond this table, behind more glass shelves is anot smaller room. On its glass door a sign reads: ATTENTION TEMPERATURE CONTROL. Suspended bags of plasma and blood a visible inside. Adam silently steps closer watching over the man’s should The PHARMACIST pauses for a moment, shifting to write a number on a clipboard. Then, detecting ADAM’s presence, h suddenly turns toward him.
11) 9) dialog: I didn’t wake you, did I? ADAM shakes his head as the two cross the room, ADAM sink into the sofa, IAN sitting on the edge of a cluttered cha IAN (cont'd) Yeah. No. I mean, I know to only come by at night. ADAM looks at him, vaguely irritated. IAN (cont'd) (quickly reaching into his pocket) Oh! I got it for you! IAN retrieves a small velvet bag, like those from a jewel He quickly stands, handing it over to ADAM. IAN (cont'd) (as ADAM opens the small bag and empties its contents into his hand) A wooden bullet, .32 caliber. ADAM gently rolls the bullet in his palm -- a dark, polis wooden bullet in a brass jacket. IAN (cont'd) It’s Cocobolo.
11) 11) dialog: (proudly) For your art project! (pause) The guy made it for me, no questions asked. He said the wood is so dense it sinks in water. I think they use it on guitars sometimes. 29.
11) 13) dialog: No problem, man. ADAM pulls a wad of bills from the pocket of his robe and hands it to IAN. IAN (cont'd) (taking the cash) Oh, no, man. You already paid me for... ADAM gestures, and IAN is quiet. IAN quickly pockets the money. IAN (cont'd) Thanks. (pause) Everything else ok?
11) 15) dialog: Really? But how could they possibly know where...
11) 17) dialog: Of course not! It’s fucked up. (pause) But don’t worry. I’m gonna...I’m gonna spread some rumors. You know, very cautiously, about where you might live. You know, throw them way off the track. ADAM stands up.
11) 19) dialog: (springing up excitedly) But, man, it’s like there’s a new scene about to happen in Detroit! I can feel it, man. ADAM moves toward the door, IAN following, still talking excitedly. IAN (cont'd) It’s gonna happen again! I mean, back in the old days we had The White Stripes, The Dirtbombs, Detroit Cobras, The Von Bondies, Brendan Benson...
11) 21) dialog: (winding down) Oh. Oh, yeah, sure. ADAM ushers him out the door. IAN (V.0.) (cont'd) (descending the stairs) See you soon, then. ADAM waits, until the heavy door can be heard closing beh IAN downstairs.
12) 0) text: ADAM sits on his heavy, carved, antique bed in the bedroo his house. Much like his livingroom, this room is also cluttered, heavily curtained, its decor mixing several centuries. Its dark walls are lined with framed reproductions of portraits of artists, musicians, writers scientists. ADAM looks down at his hand, which holds a silver plated, caliber revolver with pearl handles. He uncurls his other fist, revealing the wooden bullet, cased in brass. Flipping over the pistol’s revolving magazine, ADAM slide the wooden bullet into one of the six empty chambers. Wit another flip of his wrist, the magazine clicks back into place. 31. ADAM takes a deep breath, then spins the revolving magazi When it stops spinning he turns the gun, placing the end its barrel on his chest, aimed directly into his heart. ADAM closes his eyes and gently pulls the trigger. The hammer clicks loudly against an empty chamber. After a moment ADAM opens his eyes, slowly lowering the gun from chest. CUT TO BLACK.
15) 0) text: EVE is alone in ADAM’s bed, asleep, radiant under the dim light from a nearby table lamp. After some moments, ADAM enters. He is in his doctor drag white lab coat over green scrubs, stethoscope around his neck, doctor’s bag in hand. EVE shifts and stretches. Her eyes squint sleepily. Then, seeing ADAM, she laughs lightly, gently rubbing her eyes.
18) 0) text: A band is playing messy, very loud, damaged-sounding rock’n’roll on the small stage of a rundown club. Directl opposite the stage is a bar, with racks of bottles behind partially obscuring a long mirror. Between the stage and bar are some tables, and around them people watching the play the last song of its set. Seated around one table, off to the side, are EVE, ADAM, and ADAM’s young “manager”, IAN. EVE wears her white Stet hat while ADAM hides behind dark wraparound sunglasses. A bounces energetically to the discordant music. ADAM leans in toward EVE. 64.
18) 3) dialog: Hey man, this is great! (then to AVA and EVE) I could never get him to go out, hear some live music.
18) 5) dialog: (to ADAM) Hey Adam! You wanna meet them? They’re friends of mine.
18) 7) dialog: That’s cool. I read you. He takes a drink from a bottle of beer. IAN (cont'd) (embarrassed) Oh man, I’m sorry. Can I get you guys something? (he turns to AVA) Eve?
18) 9) dialog: Oh, right. I’m sorry. What can I get you guys? 65.
18) 11) dialog: Oh, brought your own, huh? That’s cool. What is it, Jagermeister?
18) 19) dialog: (lightheartedly) Hey, could I maybe get in on that? Mischievously, AVA looks at ADAM as she hands the flask t IAN.
18) 21) dialog: (amazed by the speed) Whoa! That was like some martial arts type shit! (then to AVA) This guy is amazing, man!
18) 23) dialog: He is brilliant. I wish he would take credit for it all. While looking at ADAM, AVA strokes IAN’s arm flirtatiousl IAN (cont'd) (leaning in, half whispering) I can’t even tell anyone who he is! How weird is that! I had to sign a confidentiality agreement and everything, man. IAN feels ADAM’s stern glare, even from behind the dark glasses.
18) 25) dialog: You gonna dance with me, rockstar?
18) 26) dialog: What, here? No one else in the club is dancing, but AVA gets up pulli IAN with her. She begins dancing next to their table, briefly drawing some attention from those nearby. IAN at first stands selfconsciously, but after some coaxing from he gradually begins to move a little, trying unsuccessful to appear nonchalant. AVA begins to dance more wildly, her eyes mostly fixed on ADAM. IAN briefly notices this, but just laughs. EVE also notices, an unreadable half-smile on her lips. The music selection changes, and ADAM’s RECORD comes on. stiffens with discernible dread and turns to EVE.
18) 38) text: INT. ADAM’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT EVE, ADAM, AVA and IAN are in ADAM’s livingroom/studio. E sits on one end of the couch, while at the other end AVA nestled very close to IAN, her hand lightly moving undern the sleeve of his shirt. ADAM, standing, is collecting re and boxes of his tapes. Music plays, but not ADAM’s music
18) 39) dialog: Couldn’t we just hear a taste of your new stuff, Adam?
18) 41) dialog: (disappointed) Oh, man...Last time I saw you, you said that if I came by... ADAM turns and gives him a stern, definitive look. IAN (cont'd) Ok, not now. That’s cool. I’m just, you know, excited. AVA's hand moves to IAN’s leg.
18) 47) dialog: (offering his beer bottle to AVA) Wanna share this? AVA petulantly pushes the bottle away.
18) 50) dialog: Yeah. I should get goin’.
18) 53) dialog: Yeah. Hope so. EVE moves to the door, looking back briefly at AVA and IA the couch before closing the door behind her. FADE TO BLACK.