5) 9) dialog: I feel like he's not plugged into my needs, and I'm not getting enough positive feedback... Harry shakes his head, shifting about uncomfortably.
5) 10) dialog: See, look at him shaking his head.
5) 13) dialog: Oh that's a lie.
5) 15) dialog: No, you know what this whole thing hinges from? He came to rent a building from me which is now his place of business...
5) 21) dialog: Alright, there. Right now. That's another thing I want to interject...
5) 25) dialog: Okay, this syndrome where I've asked him to address me by my given name and he just goes on ignoring my wishes.
5) 27) dialog: I don't want you to ever call me Iwo Jima again!
5) 29) dialog: If you can't call me Adele, don't call me anything at all.
9) 0) text: Harry and Adele moving toward the parking structure:
9) 1) dialog: Next time I want to bring out some of our sexual hot spots.
9) 3) dialog: The hell I'm not.
10) 0) text: As Harry and Adele approach the passenger door of the van:
10) 3) dialog: Daddy, do you want this marriage to work or not.
79) 0) text: Adele stands playing a garden hose over the lawn. Two pop-eyed little DOGS YAP and mill about her legs. In the b.g., Harry's van can be seen in the driveway, and presently he appears from the side of the house, carrying a suitcase and a few items of clothes. As he moves to the van and opens the door, her attention is drawn to him:
79) 1) dialog: Harry! What the hell do you think you're doing?
79) 6) dialog: Who is it, Paul Anka?
79) 8) dialog: You know, it's T-minus zero and counting, Harry, on this whole shitty deal.
79) 10) dialog: If you leave, I'm getting Top Lock to come over and change the front and back doors!
79) 12) dialog: I mean it! You get in that van, and I'm taking my building back and putting in a Fingernail Salon!
138) 0) text: MUSIC OVER: Adele in her shorts and halter top, attends the barbecue, a spatula in her hand. As though someone had just addressed her by her rightful name, she suddenly turns to look IN the CAMERA, and happy to be noticed, she lays the spatula down and begins to do a hula dance.