4) 8) dialog: Sssh, come on now.
16) 0) text: A detective (MELVENOS) moves about, glancing at the devastation. Joan, seated on a couch, addresses him: (In the b.g., Helen Dextra stands on her crutches near th piano, and beyond her a FINGERPRINTER dusts for prints around the frame of the broken window.)
16) 14) text: Helen hobbles INTO VIEW, seating herself in a nearby chair.
16) 23) dialog: She's in the process of a divorce.
16) 25) dialog: What about him? He's our conductor, he's an artist and not someone who'd ever...
18) 0) text: Helen, now captive to Andy's epic, is seated next to her on the couch, attempting to listen politely to a tale without an end:
18) 9) dialog: Speaking of lawyers... (tapping on her cast)                                         * One fell on me while I was                            * sunbathing.                                           *
41) 0) text: Joan and Helen, seated at a table near the concessionary building. The latter sits, tense and disturbed, an uneaten sandwich in front of her, as Helen reads from a list of suspects. (Lewie can be seen at another table, seated across from a bearded man. The other members of the Chorale, including the male soloists, are variously seated, moving about, or lounging on the campus lawn, having their lunch.)
41) 1) dialog: 'Lewie.   Mad at me.' The CAMERA PERUSES Lewie.
41) 2) dialog: Doesn't want a divorce. Maybe he's trying to scare me, or punish me. Helen leans her head in close to Joan's:
41) 3) dialog: It's definitely not Lewie.
41) 5) dialog: Number one, I've known the man for fifteen years, number two, he... loves you. She glances at Eddy, then consults the list:
41) 7) dialog: 'Eddy Revere, a little moody, but a good friend and very reliable.
41) 9) dialog: An opinion I don't share, but... What do you think about Vincent?                        *
41) 13) dialog: He has a terrible temper. We know that.
41) 15) dialog: 'Vincent Gallardo.  Doubtful. We've never had an unpleasant word.' Aren't you  lucky. 'Kenneth Dowler...'                                    *
41) 17) dialog: 'Always trying to connect with me, proposing private rehearsals at his apartment.' You know what he asked me yesterday?
41) 19) dialog: What my cup size was.                                  * (back to the list) Steve Jewel! Who's Steve Jewel?
41) 21) dialog: Is he weird or something?
41) 26) dialog: I think it's him, the tree surgeon. He sounds very suspicious...
41) 28) dialog: I already did.
42) 0) text: Joan and Lewie stand in the doorway of the      rehearsal room. (A portion of the Chorus Membership       are seate chairs, and some, including Eddy Revere and      Helen, s occasional interest in the intense exchange      taking p at the door:)
66) 5) text: Duke returns to the kitchen and Joan moves into an enter- tainment alcove off the living room. Helen is seated on a couch, eating a slice of pizza from a delivery box on the coffee table, her attention on the TV, where a talk show is in progress:
67) 5) text: Joan hands Helen one of the glasses, then sits down beside her. Under the following, she picks up a pen and leans over the police document now resting on the coffee table.
69) 0) text: Joan and Helen enter the garage. Joan gets into the driver's seat and closes the door, while Helen maneuvers on her crutches around to the passenger side.
69) 5) text: Helen leans down and looks in at her:
69) 6) dialog: What?
69) 7) text: Looking in the   direction   of Joan's gaze she sees the figure of a man   wearing a   hood over his head, steppin out from behind   the sheet   of plywood, holding the ax his hand and as   he moves   toward the front of the car, screams. He lifts the ax over his head and swings it down vio- lently, cleaving the blade into the hood of the Mercedes. (From inside the house, DUKE can be heard BARKING furiously.) Joan leaps from the car and in stark terror, runs out of the garage toward the house. Stopped by the sounds of HELEN'S HYSTERIA, she turns around to see her, hampered by her crutches and unable to move. ON the hooded man's eyes, shifting their homicidal intent from Helen to Joan. Joan runs back into the garage and frantically tries to pull Helen away from her death grip on the door handle. The man begins stalking around the front of the car toward her. She grabs one of Helen's crutches and raises it up as if to hit him. As he steps back to the ax and tries to extract it from the hood, she suddenly rushes at him and begins belaboring him with the crutch. He lifts an arm to fend off the blows while his other hand con- tinues to tug at the ax handle.
69) 9) dialog: I can't!   I can't move!!
72) 0) text: (Helen SCREAMING OVER:) The hooded man has Joan up against the garage wall. One of his hands is on her throat and the other is held over her mouth. In the struggle, she manages to sink her teeth into his hand. He pulls it free and hits her across the face. She reaches to a flower pot on a potting shelf and pole-axes him on the top of the head. It staggers him briefly and enables her to move out of his grasp. She immediately grabs an iron rake from the garden rack and turns fiercely toward him. Now standing, vanquished, breathing hard, and apparently having had enough, he begins to back away from her. When he reaches a safe distance, he turns and moves quickly off, disappearing into the dark.
73) 12) text: Helen, now with a drink in her hand, steps INTO VIEW behind Harry:
73) 13) dialog: He was about your height.
73) 15) dialog: Well let's not quibble, for god sakes. The  man is a complete maniac... (to Harry) And excuse me for saying, but this isn't a job for an amateur...
73) 20) dialog: Joan, if you don't call the                            * police, I'm not staying here.                          *
73) 21) text: She takes the drink out of Helen's hand and drains it while Harry continues:
73) 24) dialog: Alright... I'm calling a cab.
73) 25) text: ON Helen, as she clumps away in the direction of the guest bedroom:
114) 3) dialog: A few of us are going to grab a bite. You want to join us?
114) 5) dialog: Well, who's going to drive you home?
114) 9) dialog: Good, because I don't want you to be alone. Alright? (blows her a kiss) See you tomorrow.