11) 0) text: A bus stop poster advertising a current knife-kill movie entitled Blood and Kisses. A woman in jeopardy, with the obligatory expression of helpless terror on her face, flees from a menacing male figure wielding a bloodied knife.
19) 37) text: Across the street, a van not unlike Harry's can be seen. On the sidewalk beyond it, a man (LEE) stands putting coins in a parking meter.
22) 0) text: TRAILER MUSIC. Joan is asleep on the bed. Lying beside her is a fireplace poker and a mallet meat tenderizer. Across the dark room, a trailer of Blood and Kisses plays on the TV screen. The scantily-clad woman previously seen on the bus stop poster backs away from a steadily- stalking camera. Her eyes widen in the familiar expression of helpless terror and as she opens her mouth to scream: Joan flinches and sits up. She turns the TV OFF, which descends into a wooden console. At that moment, there is a VOICE from outside the bedroom window: BUTCH                                    *
22) 5) text: She's out of town, and there happens to be several other people in here trying to sleep, so... BUTCH
112) 1) dialog: Harry, I want my dog.
112) 2) text: He turns around to see his ex-partner, Lee MacGreevy standing on the pathway.
112) 6) dialog: Don't embarrass us both, man. Just give me the dog back, and let's preserve the friendship.
112) 9) dialog: Come on, I know these dodges backwards and forwards. I need the dog. He's up for a TV series.
112) 10) text: They stop beside the van. Harry glances at the printing on the side panel: Lee MacGreevy - Trainer of "Duke," - The World's Smartest Dog.
112) 11) dialog: (over the above) I don't even want the ten thousand now, compared to what he might appreciate to.
112) 16) dialog: Don't make me have to get legal with you, Harry. You sold me the animal, then as a personal favor, I let you borrow him, to demo to some V.I.P.. that probably don't even exist. You haven't been straight with me, man. (hands him the leash) Just go get the dog.
112) 18) dialog: Get in.
112) 21) text: Duke jumps into the back of the van. Inside is a large wire travel kennel with another German shepherd inside. Lee removes the leash from Duke and gestures at the other dog:
112) 22) dialog: Why don't you take this dog, Harry. He's green, but maybe you could do something with him.
112) 26) dialog: (giving him the leash) Go ahead, man. Take him. If you don't want him, pick up some change. (closing the van) Sell him for a pet.
112) 27) text: As Lee starts to walk past him, Harry detains him, indi- cating the words on the side panel of the van:
112) 31) dialog: (claps him on the shoulder) Let me think about that, okay?
112) 32) text: He moves past him and OUT OF FRAME. Harry, watching Lee's van pull away. In the rear window Duke's face can be seen, looking back at him.
128) 6) text: He grabs Eddy's arm and in hauling him out of the car, rips loose the sleeve of Eddy's shirt.
132) 0) text: MUSIC OVER: Lee MacGreevy opens the enclosure, puts Duke inside and MOVES OUT OF FRAME. Duke paces unhappily back and forth.