20) 0) text: Joan is seated at the piano, playing Ravel's "Reverie." She breaks off as she sees a dark young man (BALTO) move past the living room window. She resumes playing until her attention is once again drawn to the window, where a middle-aged Hispanic woman SOCORRO moves past in the opposite direction with a young man, who now carries a suitcase. She rises and crosses to the windows to see them get into a gaudy low-rider and begin backing down th driveway.
21) 2) text: The Low-Rider comes to a stop. Joan approaches the pas- senger window and leans down to Socorro:
21) 4) dialog: No se, lo siento.
21) 6) dialog: (indicating Balto) Esto me yerno, Balthazar. You speak please Balto para mi.
43) 0) text: Outside Joan and Harry dine. The patio is lit only by candles on the table. Socorro enters the living room with a tray holding a coffee urn and cup and closely tailed by Duke. She moves toward the patio.
44) 0) text: Socorro sets the tray down and departs for the kitchen with Duke again falling in behind her. Joan begins to pour their coffee, glancing inside the house to see... Socorro turning lights out while the indefatigable Duke tries to mount her. Uttering some impatient complaint, she swipes at him with a napkin and the two move OUT OF VIEW THROUGH the kitchen door.
62) 5) text: As Socorro comes to the landing, Joan indicates one of the open desk drawers:
62) 7) text: Socorro steps closer and glancing into the the now disorderly contents of the drawer, shakes her head defensively:
62) 8) dialog: No.   No es mi.
62) 12) text: Socorro smiles apologetically:
62) 13) dialog: No se, no entiendo... (backing away) Lo siento...
66) 0) text: Joan, carrying two glasses of beer, crosses to exit the kitchen, the ubiquitous Duke trailing after her. She pauses to address Socorro, at the service island, vigorously hacking at the pink cadaver of chicken and tossing the dismembered pieces into a stewing pot:
66) 4) dialog: Ah, si.   Duke, venga aqui.
71) 0) text: Socorro steps into the room. The door automatically closes behind her. Duke, in a frenzy, leaps at her, then runs toward the glass doors. He hurls himself at the glass, then returns to Socorro. Thinking he's gone rabid, she screams and tries to hide behind one of the weight racks. The above course of procedure continues, with Duke trying desperately to indicate his intentions, chasing Socorro around and over the press benches and exercise paraphernalia.
76) 0) text: Moving around to    the side of the house, he unbuckles h wrist watch and    puts it in his pants pocket. Then he steps up to the    service porch door, sees Socorro insid putting clothes    into a washer and raps on the glass panel. She smiles in recognition and opens the door for him:
76) 2) dialog: Ella no esta aqui.
76) 4) dialog: Ah si, es okay. She steps out of the way to let him in.
80) 30) text: Socorro steps INTO VIEW, addressing Joan with great excitement:
81) 0) text: Joan and Harry, looking toward the television set. Socorro stands next to the screen, pointing at herself, a small figure near the front door of Andy's house. In the f.g. a television REPORTER addresses the camera:
81) 1) dialog: Mira, alli estoy.
81) 26) text: This is not the way you want to go about this, honey. As she moves OUT OF VIEW into the living room, he turns to Socorro: