3) 0) text: The contrast between the cabin's rustic aesthetic and the aggressively high-tech equipment contained therein isn't jarring as you might imagine. Kelvin is seated in front of a desk, scrolling through a readout on a flat, transparent holographic screen.  Behin him is the Well-Dressed Bureaucrat from the car, and two others: A WOMAN in her 50s and a MAN in his 30s.  They ar also well-groomed.  Each of their suits are embroidered w a small but distinctive LOGO of some sort that composes t acronym DBA. Kelvin scrolls through several menus, hits a few keys, an digitized VIDEO IMAGE appears on his screen: A MAN, unsha looking into the camera. The man, GIBARIAN, looks very tired and somewhat apologet The lower part of the screen has a time of day and date display that reads: 0221 HRS 11/14/31.
3) 1) dialog: We take off into the cosmos, ready for anything: solitude, hardship, exhaustion, death.  We're proud of ourselves, in a way.  But our enthusiasm is a sham.  We don't want to conquer the cosmos -- we want to extend the boundaries of Earth to the cosmos.  We are only seeking Man.  We don't want Other Worlds.  We want mirrors. (beat) Maybe we don't need to know what it is, or why.  Maybe just knowing that it is should be enough. Gibarian stares at the camera for a long moment before switching it off and ending the transmission. Kelvin sits back. The visitors exchange glances.
8) 0) text: Ransacked. Kelvin registers it, then moves to the corner of the room where the computer terminal rests.  Within moments he has discovered Gibarian has recorded a video message for him replay.
8) 2) dialog: Hi, Chris. (a light smile) I'm so glad you came. (beat, the smile fades) I still have a little time, and I want to tell you something.  To warn you.  By now you know about me, or if you don't, get Snow or Sartorius to tell you; it doesn't matter. (beat) I didn't lose my mind.  You should be able to tell from this video.  I'm not mad. (beat) If it happens to you, remember that it isn't madness. (beat) You should know, I'm in favor of destroying Solaris.  I know that's... illegal.  And unethical.  And irresponsible.  But it's the only way to make it stop. A long moment of silence is broken by a noise on the vide which draws Gibarian's attention offscreen.
8) 3) dialog: (addressing whoever made the noise) Cut that out.  Do you hear me? Gibarian switches off the video. The computer screen freezes the last recorded frame and overlays a readout indicating the file has ended.
21) 0) text: Before Kelvin's arrival. Gibarian is talking to Snow and Sartorius.
21) 1) dialog: A pre-biological colloidal envelope, possibly exceeding terrestrial structures in complexity; a plasmic mechanism.  Probably without life as we conceive it, but capable of performing functional activities on an astronomic scale.  My view is that Solaris has reached, in a single bound, the "homeostatic ocean" stage without passing through stages of terrestrial evolution.  I think it bypassed cellular development altogether.  It hasn't taken endless eons to adapt itself to its environment, but in fact dominated its environment immediately.  From the moment it existed, it was the most superior element in the Universe. And now it passes the time doing extravagant theoretical thinking about the Universe, with us as the cast. We now show this scene being played out on a video monito watched by Kelvin.
21) 2) dialog: It's engaged in a never-ending process of transformation; an ontological autometamorphosis, begging the question: Can thought exist separately from consciousness?
21) 5) dialog: Nelson, we have the opportunity --
21) 10) dialog: Maybe it's stuck.  Maybe its power isn't that God-like.  I mean, we have God-like power relative to an insect, but that doesn't mean we can move the Earth around at will. Maybe it's like a spider web, waiting for something to show up. (beat) We intercepted some brief fragments of what must be an everlasting monologue with itself.  Of course it was beyond our understanding. (beat) I've come to hate it here.  There's only one way out of its reach, for us.  Humans.
22) 0) text: Kelvin stares at Gibarian's body, which is lying under a sheet in the ship's operating room.  Also under the sheet next to Gibarian: The Young Girl.
22) 1) dialog: (from a video) I thought I'd been behaving normally, rationally.  But a sign of insanity is the inability to think about more than one thing.  So if I am consumed by the idea that I am insane and can't think of anything else, then I am insane. (beat, smiles) You ask questions at the end of your life, the sort of questions people who are content don't ask. (beat) Maybe life just can't be solved.
61) 2) dialog: Leave the light off. A beat.  Kelvin tries to get his bearings.
61) 3) dialog: I wish you'd come a little sooner.  I might not have had to kill myself. He smiles, looking at Kelvin.
61) 4) dialog: You think you're dreaming me, like you dream her.  Understand something: I am the real Gibarian.  Just a new incarnation.
61) 6) dialog: You're being tricked.  Sartorius picked a fight with you to avoid telling you about his idea for getting rid of the visitors.  He's figured out they're made of subatomic particles called neutrinos, and he's going to create a negative neutrino field.  Twenty four hours a day, until they're back on Earth.
61) 8) dialog: It can.  Ordinary matter, like ours?  Not affected.  Everything else, disintegrates. Kelvin registers this.
61) 9) dialog: What I'm saying is: Don't trust anyone.  Find yourself a weapon of some sort.
61) 11) dialog: You'll end up like me.
61) 13) dialog: No?  Who am I, then?
61) 15) dialog: And you're not?  Maybe you're my puppet.  But like all puppets, you think you're actually human.  It's The Puppet's Dream.  Wondering if they're human! Gibarian smiles.
62) 0) text: Rheya lingers behind Kelvin, who is looking at Gibarian's body. It is there, alone on its slab; even the Young Girl is no with him.  
76) 2) dialog: As we saw him before, sitting in the chair.  But we didn' hear him say this before:
76) 3) dialog: If they succeed, you'll never see her again.
85) 3) dialog: On his suicide tape:
85) 4) dialog: If Solaris is inside our brain, and it knows everything, and we're only consciously aware of what 2% of our brain is up to at any given moment, it knows us better than we know ourselves.  It's not even close.
98) 0) text: Kelvin sits in his chair, as he did at the beginning, wit the three officials from DBA behind him. Only now the three officials are Snow, Sartorius, and Gibarian.