3) 4) dialog: Okay, Willard, sit down. Willard sits in a chair that is set in a center of a bare concrete floor. Across from him, around steel desks and tables sit several men. The nearest one, a COLONEL puts his cigar out on the bottom of his shoe -- behind him sits a MAJOR and a seedy-looking CIVILIAN.
3) 5) dialog: Have you ever seen this officer before, Captain Willard ? He points to the Major.
3) 7) dialog: This gentleman or myself ?
3) 9) dialog: I believe on your last job you executed a tax collector in Kontum, is that right ?
3) 12) dialog: You know much about about Special Forces; Green Berets, Captain ?
3) 14) dialog: Then you can appreciate Command's concern over their -- shall we say 'erratic' methods of operation. (pause)
3) 19) dialog: We have Special Forces A detachments all along the Cambodian border. Two here and another one here -- twelve or fourteen Americans -- pretty much on their own; they train and motivate Montagnard natives; pick their own operations. If they need something, they call  for it, and get it within reason. What we're concerned with is here.
3) 21) dialog: The A detachment at Nu Mung Ba. It was originally a larger base, built up along the river in an old Cambodian fortress.
3) 24) dialog: ... Captain, we know something's going on up there -- Major -- The Major looks at some papers in front of him.
3) 26) dialog: About the same time -- large numbers of Montagnards of the M'Nong descent began leaving the area -- this in itself is not unusual since these people have fought with the Rhade Tribe that lived in the area for centuries. But what is unusual is that we began to find Rhade refugees too -- in the same sampans as the M'Nongs. These people aren't afraid of V.C. They've put up with war for twenty years -- but something is driving them out.
3) 33) dialog: He's commanding the detachment at Nu Mung Ba. The Colonel gets up and walks over to a tape recorder, flicks it on. The recording is first STATIC -- the AIR CONTROLLER then asks for more information on target coordinates -- it all sounds very routine, military. Then a frantic VOICE comes on, talking slurred, like someone dumb, except very fast.
3) 43) dialog: What was your impression of him ? Willard shrugs.
3) 48) dialog: A lame ?
3) 50) dialog: About what ?
3) 52) dialog: But why ?
3) 54) dialog: Well, he's killing now.
3) 58) dialog: It's got to be Kurtz.
5) 21) text: Yeah -- Na Trang told me to expect you -- we'll see what we can do. Just stay out of my way till this is done, Captain. He cracks the plastic wrapping sharply -- takes out the deck of new cards and fans them. The Colonel strides right past Willard with no further acknowledgement. The others follow,
5) 24) text: Six a spades -- eight a hearts -- Isn't one worth a Jack in this whole place. The Colonel goes on about this business.
5) 45) text: We SEE the Colonel and the others walk off -- the dead Viet Cong and card are in the immediate f.g. The card has the shield of the CAV printed bautifully, and above it the motto: DEATH FROM ABOVE.
18) 32) text: I'm gonna cover for 'em -- that's all. He cocks thye weapon. Lance looks around uneasily. The Colonel walks over.