2) 0) text: Not much in this place -- a bar, linoleum flooring, a few tables and chairs, and a juke box. The lounge is fairly crowded. Willard takes off his cap and walks quietly past the soldiers at the bar. Some of them, catching sight of his ribbons, stop talking as he moves by. An INFANTRY CAPTAIN enters the bar, buys a couple of drinks and approaches Willard's table.
4) 2) text: The VIEW OF THE COASTLINE leading up along the long load- ing docks at Hau Fat, an advance staging area for opera- tions "Brute Force" and "Mailed Fist." Everywhere are tents -- oil drums -- sandbagged bunkers - helicopters -- tanks -- guns -- men. Nobody builds advanced staging areas like the Americans. As the P.B.R. approaches the docking area, Lance notices something.
11) 1) text: looking down through the helicopters as they approach the village.
24) 55) dialog: Yeah, man.
24) 58) text: Bust him. Roach gets up somewhat annoyed but very cool. He saunters up the machine gun dragging his M-79 which has paisley designs all over it.
24) 60) dialog: Sure , yeah.
24) 62) dialog: No, itВґs cool. He opens the breech of his shotgun-like weapon and plunks the big slug into it. He snaps it closed then rests it across his forearm over the trench -- he listens to the SCREAM, calculating.
24) 63) dialog: (continuing)
24) 65) dialog: (continuing)
41) 61) text: As they proceed closer to the fortress-temple, men appear where a moment before there was only jungle. They are mostly Montagnards, but far more savage looking than any we've seen before. They wear only loinclothes and bandoliers of ammunition. their bodies are painted in strange patterns. They carry Army M-16's, Russian AK-47's and a wide variety of knives and clubs. Women emerge from the brush as well. they are armed and equally primitive looking. Interspersed among them are a few taller men with paler skins, with the remnants of Army insignia on them. The paint on their bodies is, if anything more bizarre. We CONTINUE TO MOVE ACROSS the entire group up to the stone gates of the fort, where thirty or so more are seen silhouetted against the sky. Willard and his men look up at people more primitive and more savage than any since the time of Captain Cook. They encounter, in the center of the group, what once appears to have been an American. he is tall, gaunt, wears a flak jacket, but is otherwise naked, save a loincloth. His face is darkened from dirt, battle smoke, strange camouflage patterns. His hair and beard are long, matted with mud and grease. He carries an AK-47 decorated with scalps and human ears. Willard approaches this beast, who seems shy and retiring.
43) 0) text: VIEW FROM INSIDE -- Willard approaches the stakes with the shrunken heads. Chef and Lance with him. Willard steps in -- Lance and the Chef crouch outside, waiting.