42) 0) text: Cassie holds up the five iron, ready to strike as she slo shuffles down the hallway. CASSIE’S P.O.V. She watches each door carefully as she makes her way clos to the gun. She comes into view of the staircase. She looks down the steps and spots the scary man, a.k.a. ALEX ROOKER standin near the top. Now branding a steak knife from the kitchen
47) 0) text: Archie’s dead body on the carpet. Alex places the gun in pants and begins out, simply leaving Archie on the floor. INT. WOODS —- NEAR THE PARK —- NIGHT Detective Reinhardt and Grimes are now branding flashligh still searching the woods. Detective Reinhardt thinks he spots something in the distance. A green tent. A campsite.
48) 0) text: Cassie carefully opens the bathroom door and steps out. S looks in both directions. She heads toward the staircase and begins down, quietly. As she reaches the halfway mark, she notices that Alex ha barricaded the bottom of the steps with large furniture. front door two. He’s trapped them in. (CONTINUED )
49) 0) text: Alex frantically searches the pantry for canned goods. Anything for the road. There are kitchen drawers spilled out onto the ground. Various household needs all over the kitchen floor. He quickly fills large garbage bags full of food, can openers, flashlights, batteries. Anything he can find in house.
51) 0) text: Cassie and Jake slowly begin back down the steps. Cassie peeks over the railing, checking for Alex. CASSIE’S P.O.V. She spots him eating something in the kitchen, with his b turned to her. (CONTINUED )
53) 0) text: Alex and Jake continue back into the living room. The tip the sharp knife at Jake’s jugular.
54) 0) text: Cassie spots Alex and Jake walking across the living room lays low. She waits until they pass by, out of view of th stairway. Cassie then quietly crawls over the railing. She drops to the floor and crawls across it like a soldier in combat, holding the golf club in her arms like a rifle. Cassie peeks around a corner wall, searching for Alex and Jake. She looks into the living room and kitchen. They are nowh to be found. She slowly stands up, keeping her back firmly on the wall takes another look. Still nothing. In the open background, we wait for Alex to pop up behind her. We keep waiting, but he never shows. Cassie moves back toward the staircase, being very slow a very quiet. She walks around the bottom of the steps and back toward kitchen, golf club in hand, ready to take a huge swing. I is strangely quiet, no sign of Jake or Alex. Hiding behind a nearby wall, waiting, is Alex and Jake. T problem is, we don’t know where this wall is. Jake’s mout has been duct taped shut. He can’t make a sound. The knif still to his throat. (CONTINUED )
55) 0) text: The dirty garage is cluttered with tools and other house goods. Laying in the middle of the oily floor, with her mouth du taped and her arms tied behind her back is Cassie. Alex hovers over her, finishes tying up her feet with som rope he found in the debris. Cassie wiggles on the ground like a worm and grunts out l as Alex slides the blade across her bare arm. Alex leaves her, headed out of the garage and upstairs. H shuts the door behind him. Cassie grunts even louder, knowing that Jake is done for.
56) 0) text: Alex passes through the living room on his way to the staircase. He approaches the bottom of the steps and angrily pushes furniture out of his way. He begins up.
57) 0) text: Jake is hiding behind a wall. He hears the tapping of the knife on the railing. We notice an out of focus Alex comi up the steps in the background. He almost reaches the top when... Jake turns the corner, gripping an iron. Not a golf club, but an actual iron for ironing clothes. He smashes the smooth, flat metal surface into Alex’s face. Alex stumbles down the steps, all the way to the bottom. is disoriented, but not unconscious. He grabs his face in pain as he struggles to stand. Jake hurries down the steps toward him, still holding the iron. He attempts to hit him again, but... Alex starts coming around. He holds his knife out ina threatening pose, ready to defend himself. Jake drops the iron and makes a run for it. Alex once again drops the knife on the stairs and grabs h face in excruciating pain.
60) 0) text: Alex stands hovered over the other side of the bed, knife hand, waiting for Jake to make a run for it.
62) 0) text: Alex still hovered over the bed, standing as still as can
65) 0) text: Alex sets down his knife on the counter and begins rummag through the appliances. -- under the sink. -- opening the kitchen drawers. He finds a battery operated turkey slicer in one of the drawers. He cranks it up.
67) 0) text: Alex hurries in, staring over at the stereo in the corner He rushes over, mashing buttons, trying to turn it off.
69) 0) text: Alex finally finds the POWER BUTTON on the stereo and shu it off. He hears the faint sound of the garage door openi 80.
70) 1) dialog: Standing in the open doorway. They make a run for it, out of the garage. EXT. GARAGE — OUTSIDE DRIVEWAY Jake and Cassie take off running. Jake is much quicker, darting off in the direction of the neighbors house. Cassie trips and falls, face first onto the concrete driveway. She struggles to stand.
72) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt’s car pulls up to the front of the ho The 1967 Mustang car still parked out front. In the driveway, we notice that Alex is nowhere in sight. Out of the car steps Reinhardt and Grimes.
79) 10) dialog: Is waiting. He drives a knife into Grimes stomach. BLOOD literally gushes from his stomach and onto the pavement. Alex tosses the bleeding cop into the deep end of the poo
80) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt discovers Alex’s message on the bathr mirror.
82) 0) text: Cassie begins down the street, slowly and cautiously. CASSIE’S P.O.V. Cassie looks to her left, then right. Paranoid that Alex will pop out at any second. She spots her father’s car in the near distance.
83) 0) text: Cassie approaches her house. Her father’s car parked out front. A look of pure relief on her face. She moves close to the house and into the driveway. She is completely shocked to see that ALEX is now gone.
84) 18) dialog: Detective Reinhardt stares down at the young boy in compl shock. His jaw completely dropped to the ground. He is absolutely sickened by what he’s done. Janis continues screaming out uncontrollably.