9) 1) text: Detective Reinhardt notices an unsavory looking fellow wi white hair sitting on the table top of a picnic bench in near distance. ARCHIE is old, fat and greasy. His white hair is spiked u desperate to appear hip and youthful. His silk shirt, designer slacks and fancy shoes suggest money, but are a too flashy for the time and place. He is busy pounding aw at a hot dog with all the works. Detective Reinhardt begins toward him.
9) 2) dialog: You're late, cop. Thought maybe you were having second thoughts about that money.
9) 4) dialog: Trouble, eh? Archie laughs.
9) 5) dialog: I bet. Girl like that. Good healthy tatas. Nice culito. All those hard dicks beatin’ down your front door. I know. I had a daughter myself. Never had to worry like you, though. She had the face of a chongo’s culo. She was always home. Archie laughs again.
9) 7) dialog: You waiting on a rainy day? Let's see it. Detective Reinhardt pulls a thick envelope from his coat hands it to Archie, who quickly fans through it, counting Detective Reinhardt looks in both directions, making sure isn't being watched. Archie finishes counting the money. (CONTINUED )
9) 9) dialog: Pretty expensive habit you got there, cop. You’re starting to make me feel guilty. You should start picking your teams a little more carefully. Either that or start thinkin’ about a career change. Detective Reinhardt looks as if Archie’s touched a nerve. His mouth quivering just a bit.
9) 10) dialog: (a growing smile) Wait a minute. Could this be payoff money? Archie slides the envelope under his nose, sniffing it.
9) 11) dialog: Hmm. Dinero sucio. Shame, shame. Archie laughs out loud. Detective Reinhardt turns to leave.
9) 12) dialog: See you next week, cop. The detective stops, quickly comes back and gets in the m face.
9) 14) dialog: Hey, Dave! Tell the wife I said hil (CONTINUED )
9) 15) text: Detective Reinhardt turns and stares at Archie, giving hi look of pure hate. He is so upset, Archie’s rendered him speechless. He simply walks off. Archie laughs.
42) 6) dialog: The slovenly loan shark from the park. He is branding a small caliber weapon in his belt. He quietly begins towar the Reinhardt house, suspiciously watching his surroundin Checking for witnesses and such. Archie begins around the house, to the back yard.
43) 0) text: Archie approaches the back door, staring inside. He quiet opens the door and enters. He pulls the weapon from his b and slowly moves through the house, searching for any sig of life. He spots Dave’s office in the corner and begins toward it 60. INT. DAVE’S OFFICE Archie enters. He begins toward Dave’s desk, searching al the drawers. One of the drawers is locked. He uses a knif to jimmy the drawer open. Inside is a small, manila envel filled with loose bills. He gives the cash another good sniff.
43) 1) dialog: Mmmm. Second best smell in the world. Archie looks up, notices the shadow of a man walking past office. He drops the envelope and points his gun in the direction of the doorway. He slowly begins out of the office.
44) 0) text: Archie walks out. He turns to the right and begins toward corner bedroom. The door is wide open.
45) 2) dialog: Nap time’s over, David. He pulls the sheet back. It’s a bunch of pillows. ALEX appears behind Archie. His face curtailed by his lon hair. Archie senses someone behind him and spins around, pointi his gun at Alex.
45) 3) dialog: Who the hell are you? Alex simply stands...silent.
45) 4) dialog: Okay. You don’t wanna talk to me? (CONTINUED )
45) 7) dialog: Talk to this. In a blink of an eye, Alex TWISTS ARCHIE’S WRIST AROUND s that the gun is pointed at Archie. Before the gun goes off...
47) 0) text: Archie’s dead body on the carpet. Alex places the gun in pants and begins out, simply leaving Archie on the floor. INT. WOODS —- NEAR THE PARK —- NIGHT Detective Reinhardt and Grimes are now branding flashligh still searching the woods. Detective Reinhardt thinks he spots something in the distance. A green tent. A campsite.