19) 0) text: SCARY MAN‘S P.O.V. The unseen driver stares down the street at Detective Reinhardt and Jake walking towards the home. They continu into the house. The car speeds off down the street. INT. REINHARDT HOME - CASSIE’S BEDROOM CASSIE REINHARDT (18) short red hair, a sexy gothic punk type, lays on her bed, listening to loud, obnoxious music her IPOD. She angrily takes a pair of scissors to a picture of her her ex-boyfriend MATT WINCOTT, Jake’s older brother. She completely surrounded by other torn photos of her and Mat laying on the bed. 16.
20) 5) dialog: What?! cCan’t you see I’m busy?!
20) 7) dialog: What now?! Detective Reinhardt shuts the door behind him. Cassie tos her IPOD aside and angrily crawls out of bed.
21) 0) text: Cassie fumbles her way downstairs as Detective Reinhardt awaits her at the foot of the steps. (CONTINUED )
21) 3) dialog: What? I did all my chores.
21) 5) dialog: You gotta be kidding me?
21) 8) dialog: Who is this kid and why am I watching him?
21) 10) dialog: Our guy? As in the guy the cops been after for the last five months?
21) 15) dialog: What’re you doing? Detective Reinhardt looks up at her, waiting.
21) 16) dialog: Why don’t you just take him down to the station?
21) 18) dialog: But it’s their case now, Daddy. You're not a cop anymore, remember? You have to tell them about this. Detective Reinhardt has a seat and begins dialing.
21) 19) dialog: You don’t want anyone to know about Jake, do you? That's why you’re keeping him here. You still wanna catch this guy. Detective Reinhardt awaits an answer from the other line he does his best to ignore Cassie.
21) 20) dialog: Isn’t it bad enough they took your badge? You want them to take your PI license too? (CONTINUED )
21) 24) dialog: When you say the proper channels, you mean Detective Grimes?
21) 26) dialog: Right. And it’s gonna be you and Joe, together again. Back on the streets. Until they take his badge too for involving you in an illegal investigation. Detective Reinhardt puts his finger to his mouth, signali Cassie to be quiet.
22) 0) text: Cassie stands hovered over Jake, arms crossed, watching h closely. He is still chomping away at the jar of peanuts. (CONTINUED )
22) 4) dialog: I know you, don’t I? Jake looks a bit scared.
22) 7) dialog: If we go out, I’1ll need my car keys. Holding out her hand, waiting.
22) 9) dialog: It’s been three days.
22) 14) dialog: You tell me where I know you from and I'll think about ordering pizza. a bit unsure.
22) 16) dialog: And you'll be hungry. Do you want some pizza or not? 21. Jake tries to stand his ground, but quickly crumbles. Cassie’s eyes widen as she slowly figures it out.
22) 18) dialog: Your Matt’s little brother, Jake!
22) 20) dialog: You little shit! What did you tell my father?! Did Matt put you up to this?! I know him and his little butt buddies at school are planning something! You better tell me!
22) 22) dialog: He knows my Dad’s been after this nutcase for months! Now, all the sudden, some naked guy’s chasing you through the woods with a knife!
22) 26) dialog: Yeah, right! I’m calling your brother right now! Cassie begins for the kitchen to grab the phone.
22) 27) dialog: And he better come pick your ass up or I'm gonna walk you back home myself and me and your parents are gonna have a little chat! Cassie grabs the phone from the kitchen counter and dials
22) 29) dialog: What?!
22) 31) dialog: Let me get something straight, little man. Your brother’s a no good, cheating little bitch. If anyone's calling anyone back, begging to get back together, it’s him.
22) 33) dialog: Do tell. (CONTINUED )
22) 37) dialog: Oh really?
22) 39) dialog: Well your brother’s full of crap and so are you!
22) 43) dialog: Let me know if I can get anything else for you. Cassie struts off, headed up the stairs and out of sight. Jake tries to shake the dark soda out of his hair.
22) 44) text: INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Cassie enters and slams the door behind her. She grabs he IPOD and ear phones. Listens to some music as she angrily paces back and forth. She looks down at one of several torn pictures of her and Matt, still on the bed. She picks it up and places the two halves together. She walks over to a corner desk and tears off a piece of scot tape. She desperately tapes the two halves back together.
24) 6) dialog: What're you doing with those?
24) 8) dialog: Are you done?!
24) 10) dialog: What’re you gonna do? Tell my Dad on me? Well guess what? (MORE) (CONTINUED )
24) 14) dialog: First off, you called me immature. Second, you’re digging through my laundry like a little pervert! You need another reason?!
24) 16) dialog: And what else does he say?
24) 18) dialog: Oh, yeah? Well if your mother picks up and leaves without so much as a note and sticks you with an alcoholic father, let's see what it does to your attitude. Cassie storms off into the kitchen.
24) 20) dialog: How were you supposed to know? It’s none of your business.
24) 22) text: Jake slowl. Cassie gral open, take Cassie tak 27. (2)
24) 23) dialog: Why do you wanna know? You gonna have some smart comment for that too?
24) 25) dialog: Long story short. My dad‘s a no good, degenerate gambler who's blown my entire college tuition on football. Around the tenth time he couldn't pay his debt, they gave up on threatening his life, so they called the house and threatened me and my mother instead.
24) 27) dialog: So after a couple years of non stop begging and pleading with my father, my mother finally freaks out and splits. She said she‘ll be back when my father straightens his life out. But she never did come back. That was a little over a year ago. What can I say? Things have been just dandy since then. es another huge swig of her beer.
24) 29) dialog: How did you know?
24) 33) dialog: My mother was a lawyer. One of the best defense lawyers in town actually. I guess that’s where I get my big mouth from, huh? Cassie smiles. Nice memories of her mother are coming bac Jack returns her smile.
24) 34) dialog: Anyways. She won this pretty big case a few years back. Some malfeasance case for this major corporation. There was a lot of Money involved. When they won, she walked away with a big chunk of it. To pay her back, they made her partner at her firm and helped her buy this place. Of course, my Dad used the rest of the money to bet on football and pay off his other debts. Cassie slams her beer down and continues digging through fridge.
24) 36) dialog: Yeah, right.
24) 38) dialog: You know, there’s nothing to eat in this damn house!
24) 40) dialog: What do you want on it? (CONTINUED )
26) 0) text: Cassie finishes tying her shoe laces, grabs a twenty doll bill from her dresser and shoves it down her pocket. She leaves.
27) 0) text: Jake walks out of a nearby bathroom, the toilet still flushing. He runs into Cassie.
27) 1) dialog: I don’t even wanna know what you were doing in there.
27) 3) dialog: Yeah, I bet. As soon as my back is turned. God. You little whackers are like machines.
27) 7) dialog: Sorry we can’t be more accommodating. Cassie grabs Jake and walks him toward the door.
27) 8) dialog: Let's go.
27) 10) dialog: Because we‘re gonna use the change to rent some movies, dumb bell. Cassie and Jake walk out the front door, going to get the pizza.
28) 0) text: From the stop sign at the end of the street, we watch CAS AND JAKE walk out the front door and begin down the stree Only this time, the scary man is nowhere to be seen. We DOLLY RIGHT, moving further down the connecting street We keep dollying right until Cassie and Jake are no longe sight. We move slowly along the curb until we reach the 1967 Mustang, parked out of sight. The windows are dark, tinte We cannot see inside.
29) 0) text: SCARY MAN‘S P.O.V. He watches as Cassie and Jake reach the stop sign at the corner and begin down the opposite end of the street. He starts the engine and begins down the street toward th The two are oblivious, ignoring the oncoming car. (CONTINUED )
31) 29) dialog: Because scary movies are stupid and senseless.
31) 31) dialog: I knew it. You just wanna see a bunch of naked girls.
31) 33) dialog: You have a lot of your brother in you. You know that?
31) 35) dialog: Oh, yeah? (CONTINUED )
31) 39) dialog: You are Matt’s brother, aren‘t you? Jake looks up and spots the 1967 Mustang sitting at a cur He stops in his tracks. Jake doesn’t flinch. He simply stands in shock, staring a the pink car. Cassie stops, stares back at him, waiting.
31) 40) dialog: What?
31) 42) dialog: What’s your problem?
31) 45) dialog: You mean that car on the curb?
31) 47) dialog: Hottie? How tough can this guy be? (CONTINUED )
31) 52) dialog: Wait a minute. That’s Linda Morehouses‘s car.
31) 54) dialog: Linda Morehouse. She's head cheerleader. Her plate says “hottie” just like that one.
31) 56) dialog: No. She lives across town. (squints, confused) Nowhere near here, actually.
31) 58) dialog: Yeah.
31) 60) dialog: No. Actually, I heard she missed the pep rally today. Cassie stares up at the Mustang, now a bit scared.
31) 61) dialog: Let's just keep walking. But stay behind me, out of sight. Okay? (CONTINUED )
31) 64) dialog: Shit! Walk faster! Cassie and Jake are now hurrying, almost trotting up the sidewalk. The car pulls away from the curb, inching along the side the street, keeping a steady pace with Cassie and Jake.
31) 66) dialog: I said stay out of sight. Cassie spots the stop sign ahead. Their street.
31) 67) dialog: We‘re almost there. When we get to the stop sign, I want you to run like hell to the house. You got it?
31) 69) dialog: 
31) 71) dialog: Get on the sidewalk! Cassie and Jake run onto the sidewalk, off the street and of harm’s way. (CONTINUED )
32) 0) text: Cassie and Jake are out of breath, hiding behind the door They peek out the window and spot the pink car sitting outside with the lights on and the engine running.
32) 1) dialog: Come with me! Cassie grabs Jake by the arm as they run into the kitchen phone charger sits empty.
32) 2) dialog: The phone’s gone! Where the hell is it? Cassie and Jake both notice that the back door is wide op Someone has broken in. They look at each other.
32) 4) dialog: Shit! My Dad took it! Along with my keys! (beat) My Dad! Cassie grabs Jake by the arm and pulls him towards the stairs.
32) 5) dialog: Come on! They hurry up the steps.
33) 0) text: Cassie and Jake run into a nearby bedroom. Her fathers. She immediately goes to a corner closet and reaches up as as she can, grabbing a small, leather zipper bag from the shelf. (CONTINUED )
33) 4) dialog: No. I’m gonna scare him. Come on. Cassie grabs Jake and pulls him with her.
34) 0) text: Cassie and Jake hurry down the steps and approach the fro window. Cassie stares outside at the pink car, lights sti on.
34) 2) dialog: I don’t know! Shut up and let me think! Cassie and Jake stand in silence, neither of them coming with any ideas.
34) 3) dialog: Okay. I know what to do. Just stay here by the door. Be ready to open it. Okay? Jake nods.
34) 4) dialog: Okay. Here I go. Cassie steps out the front door.
35) 0) text: Cassie slowly and clumsily begins toward the parked car b the curb, pointing her gun towards it, looking very nervo and unsure of herself.
35) 1) dialog: Alright! The cops are on their way! So you better leave! (CONTINUED )
35) 4) dialog: Right now! (beat) If you don’t...I’m gonna shoot! The car simply sits with the engine running. Not moving.
35) 5) dialog: I mean it! I’m gonna count to three! If you're still here...I'm gonna start shooting! Do you hear me?!l... The car still sitting by the curb.
35) 6) dialog: One!...Two!...Three!... The car doesn’t budge.
35) 7) dialog: Alright! That’s it! I’m coming over there! If you’re still here by the time I get over there...1I‘1l blow your head off! Cassie slowly stumbles over to the parked car, her arms f extended, gun pointed at the windshield.
35) 8) dialog: Here I come! (to herself) Oh God, please don’t let me die. Cassie moves closer and closer, walking around the car to driver’s side. She stares into the open window and sees LINDA MOREHOUSE sitting behind the wheel, dead, deep thumb bruises on her neck. Choked to death. Cassie backs up a bit, in shock. An ARM reaches from under the car and grabs her ankle. Cassie trips and falls to the ground, dropping the gun. T gun is tossed a good two feet onto the pavement. The long knife-like fingers of the killer tear at her leg slicing them up. (CONTINUED )
36) 0) text: Cassie and Jake by the door.
36) 1) dialog: He’s got the gun! Get upstairs! Now! Jake runs up the steps, out of sight. Cassie begins for t garage. She opens a door and runs inside.
37) 0) text: Cassie pulls out a large five iron from an old golf bag sitting in a dark corner. She runs back inside.
38) 0) text: Cassie heads for the back door to lock it. As she passes through, she looks out the kitchen window and spots THE S MAN passing by. She runs for the back door, trying to beat the killer to She’s too late. THE SCARY MAN enters, holding the .38 snub nose in his ha He slowly begins toward her. He holds out the gun, ready fire. All the color drops from Cassie’s face. She’s a sitting duck. The scary man twirls the gun around on his finger, with t handle now pointing up and out. Pointed at Cassie. Cassie is completely confused by this. She simply stands with the golf club in hand, ready to swing. (CONTINUED )
39) 0) text: Cassie runs down the hall, searching for a place to hide.
39) 1) dialog: 
39) 3) dialog: Where are you??? Jake opens a door at the end of the hall.
40) 0) text: The scary man struts up the steps, taking his time. He steps off and continues down the hall, checking each o the doors. They are all unlocked. In the other hand he is carrying the .38 revolver. He continues checking the doors until he’s reached the en the hall. He grabs the knob and tries to open. It’s locke 48. INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Cassie and Jake huddle together on the floor, holding eac other tight as they watch the door knob move back and for
40) 1) dialog: (whispers) When he comes in, you hide under the bed.
40) 3) dialog: Shhh! The door knob shaking continues a few seconds. Then...sto altogether.
40) 11) dialog: What is that? EXT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM The bullets bounce off the door and hit the carpet below.
40) 15) dialog: I don’t know. EXT. WOODS — NEAR THE PARK Detective Reinhardt and Detective Grimes rustle their way through the dirty wooded area, back at the scene of the crime. They come across the blanket spread out on the ground.
40) 26) dialog: Maybe. Probably. I haven't heard anything. Jake slowly stares up at Cassie, watching her closely.
40) 28) dialog: Yeah. What is it? (CONTINUED )
40) 29) text: Cassie doe 51.
40) 31) dialog: What?
40) 33) dialog: Is that so?
40) 35) dialog: (sarcastic) Oh. Okay. I feel a lot better knowing that now, Jake. Thanks.
40) 40) dialog: I see. Let me see if I can get this straight. So instead of simply breaking up with me...or being honest and telling me he wanted to see other people...he decided to kick my heart in and embarrass me in front of my friends. All because he wanted to...spare my feelings? Is that what you’re telling me? Jake stares at the wall, pondering it all.
40) 42) dialog: Not much. No.
40) 48) dialog: Are you?
40) 50) dialog: Oh yeah? Or maybe your brother's just a creep.
40) 52) dialog: What about me?
40) 54) dialog: I miss my mother. Sometimes it’s hard not having a woman around to talk to. It’s because of my Dad that I...well...I haven’t been too good with relationships. You know? Boys? It’s like I have this unconscious hatred for men. It’s like deep down I know they’re all gonna grow up to be irresponsible ass holes like my Dad that drink and gamble and screw around on their wives.
40) 58) dialog: My Dad? You don’t know the half of it.
40) 60) dialog: Oh, yeah? Why not?
40) 62) dialog: I wasn’t completely honest with you about my mother.
40) 64) dialog: I mean she’s dead. Jake is shocked by Cassie’s secret. He simply stares at t floor. Cassie huf
40) 65) dialog: About four months after she split, she was diagnosed with leukemia. A little under a year later, she died. It’s like she just couldn't take it anymore and her body just gave out. fs in pure disgust.
40) 66) dialog: Can you believe that? My own mother was dying and I couldn’t even be there for her. (CONTINUED )
40) 69) dialog: She was always healthy as a horse. Worked out, ran three miles a day. She’d never even been to the doctor. Not once. They told me cancer killed my mother, but I know better. That bastard made her sick. All she did was worry about me. She worried so much, it killed her.
40) 71) dialog: When that gun was pointed at me. I thought that was it. That I was never gonna see my Dad again. I remembered what it was like to lose my mother. I got so scared. I guess I have been too hard on him lately.
40) 73) dialog: Yeah. You‘re right. Maybe you and your Dad should talk too.
40) 75) dialog: I promise. Jake turns his attention to the door. He watches it carefully.
40) 79) dialog: How am I supposed to know?
40) 81) dialog: It is. I just checked a minute ago. We would have heard it.
40) 83) dialog: Oh my God.
40) 87) dialog: I’m gonna check it out.
40) 89) dialog: Just stay back. Jake hands her the golf club. Cassie slowly opens the door and stares down the hall. CASSIE’S P.O.V. She spots the .38 snub nose laying on the floor in front the bathroom. The gun is all the way at the end of the ha (CONTINUED )
41) 0) text: Cassie quickly bends down and begins picking up the shell one by one. She stuffs them in her pocket and shuts the door. INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM
41) 1) dialog: Stay here. Whatever happens, stay put and keep the door locked.
41) 3) dialog: To check something.
41) 5) dialog: No you're not.
41) 7) dialog: Look. My Dad gave me real simple instructions. And that’s to keep an eye on you until he gets back. If you get killed, I'm never gonna see my cell phone or my car keys again. We don’t have a car...a phone...or a weapon. I think our situation is bad enough without you complicating it. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
41) 11) dialog: Good. Now lock the door behind me. Cassie leaves. Jake quickly locks the door behind her.
42) 0) text: Cassie holds up the five iron, ready to strike as she slo shuffles down the hallway. CASSIE’S P.O.V. She watches each door carefully as she makes her way clos to the gun. She comes into view of the staircase. She looks down the steps and spots the scary man, a.k.a. ALEX ROOKER standin near the top. Now branding a steak knife from the kitchen
46) 0) text: Cassie is visibly startled by the gunshot.
46) 1) dialog: (to herself) Daddy?
48) 0) text: Cassie carefully opens the bathroom door and steps out. S looks in both directions. She heads toward the staircase and begins down, quietly. As she reaches the halfway mark, she notices that Alex ha barricaded the bottom of the steps with large furniture. front door two. He’s trapped them in. (CONTINUED )
48) 3) dialog: (whispers) shit! Cassie walks down a few more steps and tries to get a bet look into the living room. She hears someone rummaging around in the kitchen. CASSIE’S P.O.V. She spots the shadow of someone walking around in the kitchen. The LIGHT is on.
50) 0) text: Cassie quietly hurries back up the steps. INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Jake is curled up in the corner, still scared to death. Cassie knocks on the door.
50) 1) dialog: Jake? It’s me. Jake runs over and opens.
50) 3) dialog: He’s in the kitchen. (CONTINUED )
50) 7) dialog: We can’t. He’s got the staircase blocked. The front door too. Even if we make it off the stairs, we still have to get past the door.
50) 9) dialog: If he wanted to kill us, he would've done it by now.
50) 11) dialog: Dad.
50) 13) dialog: Of course. It’s my Dad he wants. Not us.
50) 15) dialog: My Dad was investigating this murder just before he was kicked off the force. A high school girl. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
50) 18) dialog: There was this kid who the police department liked for it. An ex boyfriend of the victim. A rich kid named Danny Myers. The media hated this kid. He was really arrogant and cocky. He even bragged about how he wished he was the one who killed her. The TV and newspapers made him out to be the killer before all the evidence was in.
50) 20) dialog: They were putting a lot of pressure on my Dad to put him away. When he couldn’t get any evidence against Myers to stick, they did an investigation. They found out he took money from this kid’s parents. Twenty thousand dollars.
50) 22) dialog: My Dad had all these outstanding football debts. He bet a lot back then. Until these men came to the house one night and told him if he didn’t come up with twenty grand by the end of the week, my mother and I would disappear. So he told the Myers, for the right price, he’d bury any evidence connecting their son to the murder. He was desperate. He didn’t have a choice. (CONTINUED )
50) 26) dialog: My Dad never liked Myers for the killer. He always thought the real guy was more of a loner. Not popular like this other kid. Someone who wasn’t good with girls. Someone who had either killed before or was gonna kill again. Myers had a clean record. He didn’t fit the profile.
50) 28) dialog: To Myers? Nothing. This same killer murdered five other girls since my Dad was thrown off the force. Danny Myers had a solid alibi for all of them. It couldn’t have been him.
50) 30) dialog: He must‘ve seen you with my Dad and decided to follow you home.
50) 32) dialog: I don't know. Maybe we’re like his hostages or something. Maybe he’s planning on using us as bait for my father. One thing’s for sure. We just can’t sit here and wait for him to kill us.
50) 34) dialog: If I can make it to the computer, I can myspace some people for help. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
50) 37) text: CASSIE (cont'd) They can call the police. It’s our best option.
50) 39) dialog: It's in my dad's office, near the steps.
50) 41) dialog: I know. I’11 have to crawl over and hope he doesn’t hear me.
50) 44) dialog: You think you can make it?
50) 46) dialog: Okay. Here’‘s the plan. You email for help. I don’t care if it’s everyone you know. Just get someone to call the cops. You’re gonna be quiet, sit and wait. And you’re not gonna make a sound. Make sure as soon as you get there to lock the door.
50) 48) dialog: Then we wait to see if the cops show.
50) 52) dialog: I’m gonna distract him.
50) 54) dialog: I’m gonna go for the garage. He’ll hear the door opening and come after me. That’s when you make a run for the back door. You keep running to the neighbors and you call for help.
50) 56) dialog: I can probably make it.
50) 58) dialog: I can’t think about that now. (beat) Okay. So is this the plan? Jake stares at the floor, a bit unsure. He takes a huge breath, nervously exhales.
50) 60) dialog: Okay. Real quiet. Let’s go. Cassie and Jake quietly begin out the door.
51) 0) text: Cassie and Jake slowly begin back down the steps. Cassie peeks over the railing, checking for Alex. CASSIE’S P.O.V. She spots him eating something in the kitchen, with his b turned to her. (CONTINUED )
51) 4) dialog: Okay. He’s not looking. You're gonna have to go now.
51) 6) dialog: I know, but you have to go now. It‘ll be okay, just be quiet. Jake begins crawling over the side of the railing. He kno over a potted plant, sitting on a small end table. It erashes to the floor.
51) 8) dialog: 
51) 10) dialog: 
53) 2) dialog: 
54) 0) text: Cassie spots Alex and Jake walking across the living room lays low. She waits until they pass by, out of view of th stairway. Cassie then quietly crawls over the railing. She drops to the floor and crawls across it like a soldier in combat, holding the golf club in her arms like a rifle. Cassie peeks around a corner wall, searching for Alex and Jake. She looks into the living room and kitchen. They are nowh to be found. She slowly stands up, keeping her back firmly on the wall takes another look. Still nothing. In the open background, we wait for Alex to pop up behind her. We keep waiting, but he never shows. Cassie moves back toward the staircase, being very slow a very quiet. She walks around the bottom of the steps and back toward kitchen, golf club in hand, ready to take a huge swing. I is strangely quiet, no sign of Jake or Alex. Hiding behind a nearby wall, waiting, is Alex and Jake. T problem is, we don’t know where this wall is. Jake’s mout has been duct taped shut. He can’t make a sound. The knif still to his throat. (CONTINUED )
54) 3) dialog: Jake? Alex hovers behind her, knife in hand. Jake looks past Cassie, over her shoulder, giving her the signal. Cassie turns around and spots Alex hovered over her. Alex grabs her by the shirt, pulling her from the floor. holds the knife to her throat for a few seconds, fueling Cassie’s fear even more. Cassie is trembling all over, her mouth quivering. Alex grabs her by the hair and forces her into the living room. He pushes her toward the couch, bending her over th side. Cassie SCREAMS out in a panic as Alex uses a steak knife rip her shirt up the back. He rubs the tip of the blade u her skin as she SCREAMS out even harder. Jake watches in horror from the kitchen. He looks to his left and spots the set of steak knives on the counter top minus one knife. He runs over and grabs one of them. He then hurries over Alex and forcefully drives the blade into his back. Alex drops his knife and stumbles away from Cassie. He lo down at Jake and strikes him across the face. Jake falls to the floor, grabbing his face in pain. (CONTINUED )
54) 6) dialog: Hey, ass hole! Alex turns around, facing Cassie. Cassie lights the small flame and sprays the toxic liquid onto it, creating a kind of home made blow torch. The large flame strikes Alex in the face. He grabs his fa and turns away, disoriented. Cassie spots the steak knife on the ground and bends over grab it. Alex is too fast for her. He grabs her by the hair and forces her into the living room. Alex violently tosses her to the floor, grabbing her arm pulling it behind her back. He forces her onto her knees Cassie SCREAMS out.
54) 7) dialog: 
54) 9) dialog: 
55) 0) text: The dirty garage is cluttered with tools and other house goods. Laying in the middle of the oily floor, with her mouth du taped and her arms tied behind her back is Cassie. Alex hovers over her, finishes tying up her feet with som rope he found in the debris. Cassie wiggles on the ground like a worm and grunts out l as Alex slides the blade across her bare arm. Alex leaves her, headed out of the garage and upstairs. H shuts the door behind him. Cassie grunts even louder, knowing that Jake is done for.
58) 0) text: Jake runs from room to room, closet to closet, opening do and searching for Cassie.
58) 2) dialog: Then, a guest bedroom.
61) 0) text: Cassie is now crying. Tears running down her face. She wiggles on the ground even stronger, trying to break free her ties. She desperately stares up at the garage opener the wall.
64) 0) text: Jake instantly notices Cassie tied up on the floor. She stares up at him. Crying out. Jake runs over and rips the tape from her mouth.
64) 1) dialog: (whispers) Open the garage and run! Get outta here! Get help! Jake tries to untie the rope, but can’t. It’s too tight. (CONTINUED )
64) 5) dialog: Just get out of here! Go! Jake cracks open the door, peeks inside the house. JAKE'S P.O.V. He spots Alex walking toward the kitchen, staring in a completely different direction.
66) 0) text: Jake walks in. Cassie is still crying. Her eyes completel welled up with tears. Jake runs over and presses the button on the wall, opens garage door. He quickly begins cutting the rope from Cassie’s feet and hands.
66) 1) dialog: Hurry.
68) 0) text: Jake still cutting the rope from Cassie’s hands. The rope tears off. Now, he begins cutting the rope from her feet.
68) 1) dialog: Come on! The garage door is almost completely open.
70) 0) text: Jake finally cuts off the rope as he helps Cassie back on feet. They turn and notice...
70) 2) dialog: 
71) 0) text: Cassie and Jake walk up to the front door of a nearby neighbor. They ring the doorbell. A few moments pass befo the door opens. TOM DOYLE (50s) answers. He’s sporting a silk robe, a hai chest and a three day beard. His hair pointing in every direction. A bit drunk.
71) 6) dialog: We really hate to disturb you, Mister Doyle... Doyle squints in confusion, staring the two kids up and d A “who are these people” look on his face.
71) 7) dialog: It's me...? Remember? Cassie Reinhardt from down the street...?
71) 11) dialog: I know it’s late, sir, but we really need to use your phone? It’s an emergency.
71) 14) dialog: He means it’s a life or death situation and we need to use the phone right away. Doyle gives the two kids an unsure look.
74) 0) text: Cassie calls her father from the neighbors phone. She let it ring, over and over.
74) 1) dialog: Come on, Dad.
75) 0) text: We slowly move over from The Reinhardt home to the Detective’s car. We hear a CELL PHONE RINGING. We slowly move in through the driver’s side window. INT. REINHARDT’S CAR Detective Reinhardt’s cell phone sits rested on his dashboard. It LIGHTS UP as Cassie’s call goes through, unanswered.
76) 4) dialog: He moves further into the living room.
78) 0) text: Cassie listens on the other line.
78) 1) dialog: Daddy?! No answer.
78) 2) dialog: It’s Cassie. Are you there?
79) 0) text: Cassie on the other line. Her father’s phone hangs up.
79) 1) dialog: Daddy? Hello? Cassie quickly re-dials.
79) 2) dialog: (whispers) Shit. EXT. REINHARDT HOME —- BACKYARD Detective Grimes passes by the backyard swimming pool, searching all around him. He notices the back door is open. His CELL PHONE RINGS. T caller ID says DAVE REINHARDT
81) 1) dialog: who is desperately still trying to reach her father. She hangs up and quickly dials 911.
81) 3) dialog: I need you to send someone to 1014 Perkins Drive. A man’s broken into our house. Lucy slowly turns around on the couch, staring over at Ca and looking very concerned.
81) 7) dialog: No. He’s in the driveway. We stabbed him. I'm pretty sure he’s dead. Doyle turns around, facing Cassie.
81) 11) dialog: Do me a favor and stay here for a minute. I wanna check something.
81) 13) dialog: I’m not going far. Just stay here, okay? Promise me you won’t move. Cassie continues out. Jake is visibly scared for her.
82) 0) text: Cassie begins down the street, slowly and cautiously. CASSIE’S P.O.V. Cassie looks to her left, then right. Paranoid that Alex will pop out at any second. She spots her father’s car in the near distance.
83) 0) text: Cassie approaches her house. Her father’s car parked out front. A look of pure relief on her face. She moves close to the house and into the driveway. She is completely shocked to see that ALEX is now gone.
83) 1) dialog: Daddy! Cassie runs over to her father’s car and reaches inside. begins HONKING THE HORN.
83) 2) dialog: 
84) 0) text: Cassie notices her father standing at her window.
84) 1) dialog: Down here, Daddy! INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Detective Reinhardt smiles, knowing she’s safe. In the background, a bit out of focus, is Alex. He stands waiting for the cop to turn around. Detective Reinhardt opens up Cassie’s window and yells ou
84) 3) dialog: Get outta there! He’s in the house! INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Alex still stands, waiting.
85) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt builds him, Cassie and Jake a boloney sandwich. He finishes spreading a bit of mayo on his brea and licks his finger. Cassie walks in, looking a bit refreshed from the night before. (CONTINUED )
85) 4) dialog: Where is he?
85) 6) dialog: He must‘ve found a magazine he liked.
85) 8) dialog: Nothing. Never mind. Reinhardt hands Cassie her plate. A boloney sandwich and some potato salad on the side. She takes a bite. Detective sandwich.
85) 9) dialog: So. Why don’t you let me drive him home?
85) 11) dialog: Yeah, but. The kid’s still grounded. I figured his parents are gonna be pissed he left the house. I thought after what we've been through last night, he could use the break. I thought maybe we could go hang out somewhere. Reinhardt smiles. Takes a chomp out of his (CONTINUED )
85) 15) dialog: So? I just wanna know if I still have a chance. That’s all.
85) 17) dialog: He didn’t cheat on me, Dad. He just told me he did so I‘d break up with him.
85) 19) dialog: I don’t know. Maybe. I think it might be worth another shot. Detective Reinhardt shakes his head, gives up and takes another bite of his boloney.
85) 21) dialog: I‘ll try not to.
85) 29) dialog: Now why would I do that?
85) 31) dialog: I bet you think you're pretty smart, don’t you?
85) 33) dialog: So how about you? You think I deserve a second chance?
85) 35) text: CASSIE (CONT’D) Okay, smart guy. Get in. Jake continues around the car.
85) 37) dialog: What?
85) 40) dialog: Yeah. Me either. Cassie gets in the driver’s side. They pull away from the house and down the street. We watch as the car slowly disappears around the corner stop sign.