9) 1) text: Detective Reinhardt notices an unsavory looking fellow wi white hair sitting on the table top of a picnic bench in near distance. ARCHIE is old, fat and greasy. His white hair is spiked u desperate to appear hip and youthful. His silk shirt, designer slacks and fancy shoes suggest money, but are a too flashy for the time and place. He is busy pounding aw at a hot dog with all the works. Detective Reinhardt begins toward him.
9) 3) dialog: I had some trouble going on at home with my daughter.
9) 6) dialog: I got the twelve hundred?
9) 13) dialog: Listen to me. I want you to stop calling the house. I don’t wanna hear from you. I don’t wanna know you exist. And the next time you make threats over the phone at my daughter...I‘1ll kill you. There's plenty of woods around these parts. Archie loses his cocky grin, looking very intimidated. Detective Reinhardt walks off.
9) 15) text: Detective Reinhardt turns and stares at Archie, giving hi look of pure hate. He is so upset, Archie’s rendered him speechless. He simply walks off. Archie laughs.
11) 6) dialog: I‘1l call you back. He hangs up the phone and begins walking towards Jake. Jake runs as fast as he can toward the detective. He approaches him, almost completely out of breath.
11) 8) dialog: He was attacking her?
13) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt and Jake.
13) 3) dialog: Stay here.
14) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt ventures into the woods, searching fo any signs of foul play. He comes across the scene of the erime and stops in his tracks. There is a large blanket rolled out on the ground. A pair old sweat pants and a T-shirt lay on the blanket. Detective Reinhardt smiles as he slowly figures it out.
14) 1) dialog: The little brat scared them off. Detective Reinhardt begins back towards the park, but sto when he notices what appears to be a pair of rubber glove tossed into the mud. He kneels down to get a closer look. A serious look in hi eyes. He cautiously stares all around him, scared.
15) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt and Jake stand on a sidewalk in front Reinhardt’s car.
15) 1) dialog: Alright. What's your name and where do you live? (CONTINUED )
15) 5) dialog: Jake what?
15) 7) dialog: Wincott? (squints a bit) You Dale Wincott’s boy?
15) 9) dialog: Well I’m taking you home. I wanna talk to your parents.
15) 11) dialog: What?
15) 13) dialog: Fine. Where’s your brother?
15) 15) dialog: Do you have a number where I can reach your parents? (CONTINUED )
16) 1) dialog: Alright. I don’t want you running around the street like this. You’re coming home with me for now. We'll give your parents a call and let them decide what to do with you.
16) 3) dialog: How old are you? About fourteen?
16) 5) dialog: Thirteen? That’s old enough to start making your own bad decisions. Now get in the car. gets in. Jake sighs as he halfheartedly gets in the side. They pull away and begin out of the lot. to the detective, studying his eyes. The appears a bit on edge.
16) 7) dialog: What makes you say that?
16) 11) dialog: It might be something, it might be nothing. I don’t know.
16) 13) dialog: Yeah. Something like that.
16) 15) dialog: Not really.
16) 17) dialog: I was a cop.
16) 19) dialog: Hence the emphasis on the word “was”.
16) 21) dialog: I guess you could say that. Jake looks confused, but lays off the detective. He simpl stares out the window. EXT. HIGHWAY — CONTINUOUS Detective Reinhardt's car pulls out of the lot and back o a two lane highway. On the way, they pass by a 1967 Mustang, sitting idle on soft shoulder near the woods. Jake sticks his head out the window, looking back at the Mustang as they speed off down the road. The Mustang starts its engine and follows shortly behind. 15.
18) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt's squad car makes a right turn onto a residential street, slowly approaching a large, three sto home. Reinhardt’s house. The car parks against a curb outside of the home. Out ste Detective Reinhardt and Jake. The Mustang slowly approaches the stop sign at the end of street and pulls a U-turn, parking against the curb.
19) 0) text: SCARY MAN‘S P.O.V. The unseen driver stares down the street at Detective Reinhardt and Jake walking towards the home. They continu into the house. The car speeds off down the street. INT. REINHARDT HOME - CASSIE’S BEDROOM CASSIE REINHARDT (18) short red hair, a sexy gothic punk type, lays on her bed, listening to loud, obnoxious music her IPOD. She angrily takes a pair of scissors to a picture of her her ex-boyfriend MATT WINCOTT, Jake’s older brother. She completely surrounded by other torn photos of her and Mat laying on the bed. 16.
20) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt and Jake wander into the living room, near the staircase.
20) 1) dialog: Wait here a second. Jake plops himself down on the living room couch, instant turning on the television. Detective Reinhardt begins toward the stairs. Stops.
20) 2) dialog: Hey, uh...do you need me to go get your schoolbooks or anything?
20) 4) dialog: Hey! Cassie stares over at him, takes out her ear phones.
20) 6) dialog: Come downstairs!
21) 0) text: Cassie fumbles her way downstairs as Detective Reinhardt awaits her at the foot of the steps. (CONTINUED )
21) 4) dialog: I need you to watch somebody for a couple hours. Detective Reinhardt motions toward the living room. Cassi turns and looks at Jake sitting on the couch, watching television and eating peanuts.
21) 6) dialog: No I’m not. He gives Cassie a crumpled up twenty dollar bill.
21) 7) dialog: You and the kid can order a pizza. Maybe walk down to the corner and rent some movies or something. You go anywhere, you take Jake with you.
21) 9) dialog: He was a witness to an attempted rape today. That’s who. This guy chased him with a knife, naked as a jaybird. Scared the shit out of him. This might sound crazy, but I think he might have seen our guy today.
21) 11) dialog: I think so. His parents are out of town until tomorrow night. His brother’s God knows where. I wanna keep him here and safe until they get back. Cassie squints, a bit confused and unsure. (CONTINUED )
21) 14) dialog: I gotta call this kid’s parents. Detective Reinhardt begins toward a corner office. Cassie follows behind, looking a bit angry. INT. REINHARDT‘’S OFFICE Detective Reinhardt walks around a desk and opens a drawe pulling out a .45 AUTOMATIC. He checks the magazine for bullets, then slides the clip back in. He sets the gun do on the desk and picks up the phone. Cassie interrupts him
21) 17) dialog: You know I can’t go down there. If I step one foot in the door, they’11 have me thrown out.
21) 23) dialog: Look. I go down there with Jake to give a statement, you think they’re gonna take either of us seriously? A twelve year old skipping through the woods and the ex lead investigator, thrown off the case? They'll bury it as soon as we're out the door. I just wanna make sure this goes through the proper channels.
21) 25) dialog: That's right.
21) 27) dialog: (into the phone) Hello, this is David Reinhardt calling back. Cassie loses her patience and storms out of the room.
21) 28) dialog: (into the phone) Again, it’s very urgent you return my call as soon as possible. You can reach me at 626-410-9020. Detective Reinhardt hangs up. Sighs in frustration. He stares in the direction of the doorway, as if Cassie was still there.
22) 6) dialog: Alright. I’m leaving. I’1l be back in an hour or two.
22) 8) dialog: Nice try. Cassie sighs in disappointment.
22) 10) dialog: You'll get your keys when you go back to school on Monday. And no friends over either. I mean it. I’1l be back as soon as possible. You get him whatever he needs. (to Jake) You keep an eye on her.
24) 44) dialog: No clothes.
24) 46) dialog: Who was he? Detective Grimes stands and grabs Reinhardt’s arm. He pul him away from the scene as the two men take a short strol the sidewalk. (CONTINUED )
24) 50) dialog: So what about the Mustang..?
24) 52) dialog: Any luck?
24) 54) dialog: Missing persons?
24) 56) dialog: A mid sixties Mustang?
24) 58) dialog: So where are you at on this thing?
24) 63) dialog: So if he’s not interested in sex, why is he leaving them nude?
24) 65) dialog: And what do you think?
24) 67) dialog: Like...?
24) 70) dialog: Only you don’t touch her cos you’re better than she is. And you want her to know it.
24) 72) dialog: And what better place than the woods? She could scream her lungs out for hours and nobody would hear.
24) 74) dialog: When that becomes boring to him...
31) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt and Grimes have a seat at the dinner table as Janis brings them coffee.
31) 17) dialog: How long has he been gone?
31) 19) dialog: Camp gear?
31) 25) dialog: Son of a bitch. Detective Grimes stares up at his ex partner, confused.
31) 27) dialog: (to Janis) This tent. What color was it? EXT. RESIDENTIAL SIDEWALK -— DUSK Cassie and Jake strut up the sidewalk, headed back to the house, carrying a large pizza and a bag of some rented DV movies.
40) 16) dialog: Here’s where the kid found them. Detective Reinhardt looks all around him, staring into th trees.
40) 18) dialog: It’s gotta be around here somewhere.
40) 22) dialog: He had to have been camped here for the night. It’s the woods. He’s out of sight. It only makes sense.
40) 24) dialog: Exactly. Between me and the kid, I think we scared him off. I don’t think he had time to come back and collect his things. Just keep looking. The two men venture deeper into the woods. Detective Reinhardt hurries faster and faster through the trees. Detective Grimes trying to keep up. EXT. REINHARDT HOME — NIGHT The 1967 Mustang is still parked out front. INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Cassie and Jake are still holding each other tight. They' barely budged in hours. Day has now fell to night and the are still waiting in terror.
47) 0) text: Archie’s dead body on the carpet. Alex places the gun in pants and begins out, simply leaving Archie on the floor. INT. WOODS —- NEAR THE PARK —- NIGHT Detective Reinhardt and Grimes are now branding flashligh still searching the woods. Detective Reinhardt thinks he spots something in the distance. A green tent. A campsite.
47) 4) dialog: This is it. Detective Reinhardt inspects the surroundings. -- A small radio. -- An oil lamp. -- A bunch of empty food cans. Soup, beans and weiners, t fish, beef stew. Anything he could've easily stolen from local store. He steps into the tent and spots a stack of recent SCHOOL YEARBOOKS. He flips through one of them, checking a few of the schoo photos. Some of the girls have a red circle around their pictures All beautiful, popular. Some of them with a strike throug the center. He sets the book down and picks up another. The same thin Photos of beautiful young girls with red strikes through their pictures.
47) 5) dialog: Take a look at these. Detective Reinhardt hands Grimes a couple of the yearbook
47) 7) dialog: Public records, maybe. Local library. He was camped here for at least a couple nights. He probably relocated for each of the girls.
47) 9) dialog: Did you check the boyfriend? (CONTINUED )
47) 13) dialog: He could've followed her here. Set up camp for a couple nights. Enough time to get what he wants from her.
47) 15) dialog: We've got all his next victims right here. We just gotta figure out who’s next. Detective Reinhardt opens up a Glendale High School yearb and spots a photo of his daughter, circled with a red mar
47) 16) dialog: I gotta get home, right now.
72) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt’s car pulls up to the front of the ho The 1967 Mustang car still parked out front. In the driveway, we notice that Alex is nowhere in sight. Out of the car steps Reinhardt and Grimes.
72) 1) dialog: He’s here. Detective Reinhardt pulls his gun. Detective Grimes also pulls his weapon. He walks over to 1967 Mustang two door and looks inside. Spots LINDA MOREHOUSE behind the wheel, dead.
72) 3) dialog: Check the back. I/’11 take the inside. Detective Grimes begins toward the back yard, looking ver cautious. Detective Reinhardt begins into the house. 83.
75) 0) text: We slowly move over from The Reinhardt home to the Detective’s car. We hear a CELL PHONE RINGING. We slowly move in through the driver’s side window. INT. REINHARDT’S CAR Detective Reinhardt’s cell phone sits rested on his dashboard. It LIGHTS UP as Cassie’s call goes through, unanswered.
76) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt discovers all of the furniture blocki the staircase and the front door. A look of pure fear on face. (CONTINUED )
76) 3) dialog: 
77) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt quickly does a sweep of the first flo going room to room. He then moves back toward the stairca
80) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt discovers Alex’s message on the bathr mirror.
80) 2) dialog: Cassie, honey! It’s your father! INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Detective Reinhardt spots the yellow notebook paper on th ground. He picks it up. It reads...
83) 6) dialog: Cassie.
84) 2) dialog: Up here, baby! EXT. REINHARDT‘’S CAR Cassie stares up at her father.
84) 4) dialog: Take Jake and the truck and get outta here! Get as far away from here as possible! Alex slowly begins toward him. He holds back his knife ha ready to drive it into Reinhardt.
85) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt builds him, Cassie and Jake a boloney sandwich. He finishes spreading a bit of mayo on his brea and licks his finger. Cassie walks in, looking a bit refreshed from the night before. (CONTINUED )
85) 3) dialog: I made some lunch for you and the squirt.
85) 5) dialog: He’‘s been in the bathroom for damn near twenty minutes. Cassie stares over at the bathroom door across the room, closed. She smiles. Laughs a bit. Detective
85) 7) dialog: What?
85) 10) dialog: I should probably talk to his parents, face to face. Don’t you think they're gonna have some questions?
85) 14) dialog: Yeah, I bet. You wanna talk to him about Matt.
85) 16) dialog: And this is the same Matt who ran around on you with some other girl from school? You know how I feel about this kid.
85) 18) dialog: You sure you two should even be together?
85) 20) dialog: Don’t make it too easy for him.
85) 22) dialog: What the hell. I guess you could use some time out of the house. Cassie smiles. A toilet flushes in the background. Out steps Jake. Detective Reinhardt and Cassie both turn, staring at him. Jake stops in his tracks.
85) 26) dialog: Did you wash your hands? Detective Reinhardt winks at Cassie. Cassie bursts out laughing.