24) 43) dialog: When I heard about your naked perp runnin’ through the woods, I thought you’d wanna take a look at this. Detective Grimes pulls back the sheet, exposing the deceased's bare chest. He is nude.
24) 45) dialog: Looks like he busted his nose open first with some sort of blunt object. Notice the deep thumb bruises on the neck? He literally squeezed the life out of this guy. And he did it quickly. He was in and out of here in a matter of seconds.
24) 49) dialog: Our witness in the sandwich shop across the street says he was one of the local homeless. His name was Lucas. John Lucas. This very same witness spotted a grey mid sixties Mustang pull to the curb around the same time Lucas was killed.
24) 51) dialog: I checked DMV to see if any of our ladies drove an old Mustang...
24) 53) dialog: No dice.
24) 55) dialog: I checked recent case files. It just so happens that a Gretchen Morehouse reported her eighteen year old daughter Linda missing some thirty four hours ago. Any guess on the car she was driving?
24) 57) dialog: Bingo. I checked a photo of this Morehouse girl. She's definitely our guy’s type. Blonde, beautiful, popular. The Prom Queen killer strikes again. Only this time, Dave, it was right in your own back yard.
24) 59) dialog: Well. Our guy's killed one victim every month. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
24) 62) text: DETECTIVE GRIMES (cont'd) Each one going missing, then turning up dead one to two weeks later. All of them found nude and face down in the trunk of their own cars. Literally hours after their death. All asphyxiated. None of the bodies sustaining any kind of visible, physical damage. That means he’s holding them for long periods of time without actually touching them. When he DOES finally finish the job, he keeps it clean. Painless. He also makes sure we find them fast by parking their cars in public places and leaving the trunks open.
24) 64) dialog: We have a couple theories. One is he can’t get it up. And maybe he gets himself off by watching. The other is he gets off by humiliating the victim. That he’s undressing them post-mortem.
24) 66) dialog: I think our guy’s trying to tell us something.
24) 68) dialog: Like how strong he is. That these prom queen types aren’t worth his time. Think about it. You‘re this lonely kid. You can’t get laid. You've been turned down by every chick in school. So you go pick out the hottest girl in class, stick a knife to her throat and drag her out into the woods for some alone time. Then you make her take her clothes off. (CONTINUED )
24) 71) dialog: Exactly. You just watch her beg. You wanna embarrass her and humiliate her, just like she did to you. But he doesn’t do it quickly. He prolongs it. It’s like the longer he goes without touching these girls, the stronger he gets.
24) 73) dialog: And he can’t let her go after what he’s done. So he finds the most humane way of completing the act. He holds them down until they simply run out of air.
24) 75) dialog: +.+eHe’ll start hurting them for real. I figure it’s only a matter of time before this kid gets knife happy. A woman in her forties cautiously approaches the men. shut in, quiet house mother type. Her clothes are old and worn. They almost look to have been sewn together with he own hands. This is JANIS ROOKER. Her face is old, tired before her time.
24) 80) dialog: Yes, mam. What can I do for you?
24) 83) dialog: Yes, mam. I’m very sorry.
24) 85) dialog: Mam, is there something you wanna tell us?
31) 2) dialog: Courtney Harris?
31) 6) dialog: Besides removing their clothes, they were never sexually assaulted. Just asphyxiated. Janis fades off into a deep trance, thinking it all over. Detective Grimes takes notice of her strange behavior. Janis breaks her silence.
31) 9) dialog: What happened to the girl?
31) 15) dialog: Did you believe him?
31) 26) dialog: What is it?
40) 17) dialog: What're we doing here again?
40) 19) dialog: What has to be around here? (CONTINUED )
40) 23) dialog: Don't you think he would've picked up his stuff and covered his tracks by now? The kid saw him. He's a witness.
47) 1) dialog: Will you wait up? I can’t even see where I‘m going. (CONTINUED )
47) 6) dialog: They're from different high schools. All over LA. Where the hell did he get these?
47) 8) dialog: But the Morehouse girl doesn’t live anywhere near here.
47) 12) dialog: Yeah. I think her mother said he stayed out this direction. The last she heard, Linda was on her way to her boyfriends the night she disappeared.
47) 14) dialog: Where is this kid?
47) 17) dialog: What is it? Detective Reinhardt passes him the yearbook as he darts o back into the woods.
47) 18) dialog: I gotta call this in! Detective Grimes takes a look in the yearbook. Spots Cassie’s photo. He hurries after his ex partner.
72) 2) dialog: It’s Morehouse. She’s dead.
79) 3) dialog: Hey, partner. How you doin’ in there? No answer.
79) 4) dialog: Hey, You there? Alex hangs up. Detective Grimes calls back. He hears the sound of Reinhardt’s CELL PHONE RINGING behind him. He immediately turns.
79) 5) dialog: Hey, man, I found... He stops mid sentence when he notices his ex partner is nowhere to be found. GRIMES P.O.V. He looks down and spots Detective Reinhardt’s cell phone laying on the cement, near the deep end of the pool. It’s still ringing.
79) 9) dialog: What the hell?... He turns back around and...