4) 0) text: Jake walks in, shuts the door and drops his heavy books o the floor, immediately running to one of the bedrooms.
4) 1) dialog: Matt! Jake opens Matt’s bedroom door.
4) 2) dialog: Matt! You here? Jake walks in Matt’s bedroom, kneels down and opens a dra to pull a magazine that reads “Sexy Bikini girls” (CONTINUED )
4) 4) dialog: (SMILES)
4) 5) text: Bingo! Jake runs back into to the kitchen to get a drink.
5) 0) text: Jake hurries over to the fridge and opens, grabbing a lar clear jug of cherry Kool Aid. He shuts the door and instantly notices a white, hand wri letter hanging by a magnet. He rests the jug on a counter and reads. INSERT — LETTER Jake I won't be home until late. Dad says to do your homework and stay out of trouble. DON’T GO
5) 9) dialog: What're you doing?
5) 11) dialog: I said we were meeting at Chrissy’s. Why would I come to your place if her house is closer? JAKE’S FRIEND (0.S.) Yeah, but what if I get there before you? Just come over and get me and we’ll go together.
5) 12) dialog: Alright. But I gotta get back before dark. JAKE’S FRIEND (0O.S.) You will. Just take the short cut like I showed you. (CONTINUED )
5) 14) dialog: Alright. JAKE’S FRIEND (0.S.) And you better not wimp out this time. Remember what I said. If you don’t ask her to the dance, I will.
5) 15) dialog: Alright, alright! I’11 ask her! Just get off my back! Jake hangs up and chugs the rest of his Kool Aid.
6) 0) text: Jake, now dressed to impress, hurries up a residential sidewalk and approaches a large, wooded area. He runs dow small, grassy slope and ventures deeper into the woods.
7) 0) text: Jake scurries through the small forest, maneuvering aroun tree trunks and logs, pushing his way through the sharp branches and wet leaves, snapping and crunching twigs wit his feet and tramping through the filthy mud.
10) 0) text: Jake hurries through the forest a bit faster and more confident, now finding his way easier. He stops when he looks up and notices a young BLONDE WOMA hands tied to a tree and gagged at the mouth. She stares up at Jake as she cries out in despair. The back of her shirt has been torn all the way up with a knife. Her bare skin exposed and her bra strap showing. Jake almost doesn’t notice the NAKED MAN standing some distance behind her. He is somewhat hidden from view by t thick shrubbery, but is visibly nude. He is a young, thin man in his twenties, long, curly blac hair. So long, it curtails his face from view. He is wearing rubber gloves and holding a long blade in his han We‘ll call him THE SCARY MAN. The scary man uses the knife to rip off the girl’s bra. S SCREAMS out in a panic. Jake slowly backs up, distancing himself from the scene before he’s noticed. He trips over a thick log and falls into the mud.
10) 4) dialog: 
11) 0) text: Jake trips and falls down a short hill, onto the soft gra
11) 1) dialog: 
11) 3) dialog: 
11) 5) dialog: HELP!!! HE’S GONNA KILL ME!!!
11) 7) dialog: There's a man!...A man in the woods!...He’s naked and he’s with this girl! He’s...he’s attacking her! Quick! Call the police! Detective Reinhardt stares in the direction of the woods.
12) 0) text: SCARY MAN’S P.O.V. He watches Reinhardt and Jake from a distance. 11.
13) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt and Jake.
13) 1) dialog: Look! It’s not what you think! He had a knife! She was tied toa tree! You gotta do something! He’s gonna kill her! Detective Reinhardt loses his slick grin and stares off i the woods.
13) 2) dialog: What’re you waiting on, man! Call the cops!
15) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt and Jake stand on a sidewalk in front Reinhardt’s car.
15) 4) dialog: Jake.
15) 6) dialog: Wincott. I live on Weatherby. A couple blocks away.
15) 8) dialog: No. He’s my uncle. He’s a cop. You a cop? Detective Reinhardt stalls, dodges the question.
15) 10) dialog: My parents are in Phoenix until tomorrow. Detective Reinhardt squints a bit, thrown off guard.
15) 12) dialog: They're out of town. At some funeral. It’s just me and my brother until Friday.
15) 14) dialog: I don't know. He’s not coming home until late. Detective Reinhardt sighs, frustrated, shakes his head.
15) 16) text: Jake nods. Reinhardt passenger
16) 0) text: Jake turns detective Detective stares at 13. (2)
16) 2) dialog: My parents said never to go with strangers.
16) 4) dialog: Thirteen.
16) 6) dialog: You saw something out there, didn’t you?
16) 8) dialog: You wouldn't be driving me home if you didn’t see something? So what was it? Reinhardt stays suspiciously quiet. He simply the precocious teen. (CONTINUED )
16) 12) dialog: Oh, I get it. That’s on a need to know basis and I don’t need to know, right?
16) 14) dialog: So you are a cop?
16) 16) dialog: You either are or you aren’t.
16) 18) dialog: But not anymore?
16) 20) dialog: You retired?
18) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt's squad car makes a right turn onto a residential street, slowly approaching a large, three sto home. Reinhardt’s house. The car parks against a curb outside of the home. Out ste Detective Reinhardt and Jake. The Mustang slowly approaches the stop sign at the end of street and pulls a U-turn, parking against the curb.
19) 0) text: SCARY MAN‘S P.O.V. The unseen driver stares down the street at Detective Reinhardt and Jake walking towards the home. They continu into the house. The car speeds off down the street. INT. REINHARDT HOME - CASSIE’S BEDROOM CASSIE REINHARDT (18) short red hair, a sexy gothic punk type, lays on her bed, listening to loud, obnoxious music her IPOD. She angrily takes a pair of scissors to a picture of her her ex-boyfriend MATT WINCOTT, Jake’s older brother. She completely surrounded by other torn photos of her and Mat laying on the bed. 16.
20) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt and Jake wander into the living room, near the staircase.
20) 3) dialog: Nah. I did my homework already. Jake grabs a jar of peanuts sitting on the table before h and pours himself a handful. INT. CASSIE’'S BEDROOM Detective Reinhardt walks in. Cassie pays him no mind.
22) 0) text: Cassie stands hovered over Jake, arms crossed, watching h closely. He is still chomping away at the jar of peanuts. (CONTINUED )
22) 3) dialog: What?
22) 5) dialog: Maybe. Detective Reinhardt walks in, car keys in hand.
22) 11) dialog: I’1l see to it she stays out of trouble, Dave. Cassie gives Jake a dirty look. Detective Reinhardt continues out. (CONTINUED )
22) 12) text: Jake looks (2)
22) 13) dialog: So what was this I heard about pizza?
22) 15) dialog: But you’ll be mad.
22) 17) dialog: You came over to the house for dinner once. About a month ago.
22) 19) dialog: I told you you'd be mad.
22) 21) dialog: What do you mean?
22) 23) dialog: I’m not lying! I told your dad the truth! I swear! (CONTINUED )
22) 28) dialog: Don't you think calling my brother’s gonna make you look just a little desperate?
22) 30) dialog: Here you are suspended from school. Your dad took your car keys. Most of the school thinks you’re a bitch for lying about my brother. Now you’re gonna ask him to come over? If you ask me, it seems like a desperate attempt to get him back in your life. Cassie hangs up and hurries back into the living room, getting in Jake’s face.
22) 32) dialog: You ever wonder why my brother stepped out on you in the first place?
22) 36) dialog: It's your immaturity. You always picked fights when he called you on your bullshit.
22) 38) dialog: That way it was always his fault and you were always the victim. My brother says that’s what spoiled brats do. They whine and pout until they get their own way.
22) 40) dialog: You're right. Telling the entire school their boyfriend caught the crabs from the girl's soccer coach isn’t immature at all. I stand corrected. You handled yourself like a true adult. Cassie looks as if she’s ready to slug the precocious tee
22) 41) dialog: You think I could get a soda? I’m getting kind of thirsty. Cassie storms back into the kitchen and grabs a twelve ou soda from the fridge, shakes it up, struts back to Jake o the couch and opens it in his face.
24) 5) dialog: (whispers) Whoa! Cassie walks in, catching the little pervert.
24) 7) dialog: Now I know what my brother saw in you. Cassie hurries over and snatches the panties from his han
24) 9) dialog: I‘m getting hungry. You’re supposed to take me to get pizza.
24) 13) dialog: Why’re you so mean? Cassie stops and begins back to Jake, getting in his face
24) 15) dialog: No, I mean why are you so angry all the time? My brother says that’s why you don’t have friends.
24) 17) dialog: He says when people try to be nice to you, you push them away.
24) 19) dialog: I didn’t know. Cassie opens the fridge and rummages through the leftover desperately searching for something to eat.
24) 21) dialog: What happened? Cassie angrily slams some boloney and a loaf of bread ont the counter behind her. (CONTINUED )
24) 22) text: Jake slowl. Cassie gral open, take Cassie tak 27. (2)
24) 24) dialog: No. I’m just asking. y shuffles toward the kitchen, closer to Cassie. ibs a can of beer from the fridge and cracks it s a long, rebellious swig.
24) 26) dialog: No kidding? You must’ve been real scared.
24) 28) dialog: Your dad lost his job, didn’t he?
24) 30) dialog: My uncle Dale told me. He said something about him taking some money once. He said that’s the only way he could ever afford this nice big house. (CONTINUED )
24) 35) dialog: I’m sorry about your mom.
24) 37) dialog: No really. I mean it. And I’m sorry if I upset you. Cassie slams the refrigerator door shut.
24) 39) dialog: We could get pizza? Cassie turns and gives Jake the evil eye. She slowly crac a smile, chuckles a bit.
27) 0) text: Jake walks out of a nearby bathroom, the toilet still flushing. He runs into Cassie.
27) 2) dialog: Using the toilet.
27) 4) dialog: You're disgusting. Besides. You don't keep any good magazines under the sink. (CONTINUED )
27) 9) dialog: Hey. How come we‘re not doing delivery?
27) 11) dialog: Can we rent a porno?
28) 0) text: From the stop sign at the end of the street, we watch CAS AND JAKE walk out the front door and begin down the stree Only this time, the scary man is nowhere to be seen. We DOLLY RIGHT, moving further down the connecting street We keep dollying right until Cassie and Jake are no longe sight. We move slowly along the curb until we reach the 1967 Mustang, parked out of sight. The windows are dark, tinte We cannot see inside.
29) 0) text: SCARY MAN‘S P.O.V. He watches as Cassie and Jake reach the stop sign at the corner and begin down the opposite end of the street. He starts the engine and begins down the street toward th The two are oblivious, ignoring the oncoming car. (CONTINUED )
31) 28) dialog: Why couldn’t we get any scary movies?
31) 30) dialog: What're you talking about? Horror movies have it all. You got your humor, romance, suspense, tits and ass.
31) 32) dialog: You say that like it’s a bad thing.
31) 34) dialog: I think every movie should have naked girls.
31) 38) dialog: That way it wouldn’t be so hard to pick out a movie at the video store. You just walk in and grab one. That way if you get stuck watching a chick flick, at least there’s naked babes. Cassie laughs.
31) 41) dialog: (whispers) Come here.
31) 43) dialog: That’s the car I saw. At the park. Cassie turns and stares down the street.
31) 44) dialog: Don’t look!
31) 46) dialog: That’s him. It’s the man from the woods. I know it is. Cassie stares down at the license tag. The word “HOTTIE” the front. She laughs a bit.
31) 50) dialog: It was near the woods. Close to where your Dad picked me up. Cassie turns and looks at the car again.
31) 51) dialog: I said don’t look! Cassie recognizes the license tag on the front of the car
31) 53) dialog: Who?
31) 55) dialog: She live around here?
31) 57) dialog: Does she have short blonde hair? Kind of curly?
31) 59) dialog: You seen her at school lately? Cassie stops. Ponders a bit.
31) 65) dialog: He’s following us.
31) 68) dialog: I got it. Cassie and Jake are almost to the stop sign as the pink c slows to a halt, waiting for them. They finally reach the corner.
32) 0) text: Cassie and Jake are out of breath, hiding behind the door They peek out the window and spot the pink car sitting outside with the lights on and the engine running.
32) 3) dialog: What about your cell?
33) 0) text: Cassie and Jake run into a nearby bedroom. Her fathers. She immediately goes to a corner closet and reaches up as as she can, grabbing a small, leather zipper bag from the shelf. (CONTINUED )
33) 3) dialog: Are you gonna shoot him?
34) 0) text: Cassie and Jake hurry down the steps and approach the fro window. Cassie stares outside at the pink car, lights sti on.
34) 1) dialog: So what’s the plan?
36) 0) text: Cassie and Jake by the door.
39) 2) dialog: Cassie opens one of the side doors, checking inside the r
39) 4) dialog: Cassie! Over here! Cassie peeks her head around the door frame, noticing Jak the end of the hall. She runs toward him. She runs inside and shuts the door.
40) 0) text: The scary man struts up the steps, taking his time. He steps off and continues down the hall, checking each o the doors. They are all unlocked. In the other hand he is carrying the .38 revolver. He continues checking the doors until he’s reached the en the hall. He grabs the knob and tries to open. It’s locke 48. INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Cassie and Jake huddle together on the floor, holding eac other tight as they watch the door knob move back and for
40) 2) dialog: What're you gonna do?
40) 4) dialog: What’s he doing? EXT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM The scary man steps away from the door and opens the cham on the revolver. INSERT — GUN There are six shots left. He empties the bullets into his palm. All six shots.
40) 14) dialog: What’s he waiting on?
40) 25) dialog: I think he might be gone.
40) 27) dialog: Cassie?
40) 30) dialog: There's something I should probably tell you.
40) 32) dialog: My brother never cheated on you. He just told you that so you'd break up with him. sn‘t quite care at this point. She is scared stiff. Almost frozen with fear. She simply rolls her eyes at the young boy.
40) 34) dialog: He wanted to start seeing this other girl, but wasn’t real sure how to break things off. He figured if he told you he cheated, you'd never wanna talk to him again. I just thought you should know.
40) 36) dialog: I know it sounds crazy. But my brother didn’t wanna hurt you. He just didn’t want you to think it was you. It was him. He just wants to see other girls. That’s all. Cassie grows angrier with every word from Jake’s mouth.
40) 37) dialog: He doesn’t even believe in cheating. My Dad cheated once. Almost broke up our family. I guess in a way...he lied for you. To spare you. Cassie squints in confusion. (CONTINUED )
40) 41) dialog: Doesn't make much sense, does it?
40) 43) dialog: Well. I just thought you should know. Jake stares over at Cassie to see if she’s paying attenti He wants to tell her something. It’s on the tip of his tongue, but can’t seem to spit it out. Something personal
40) 44) dialog: Sometimes I miss my Dad. He's always working. I’m usually in bed by the time he gets home. Cassie isn’t paying much attention. She simply stares at floor, exhausted. When we do talk, all he ever does is yell at me. I get in trouble a lot at school. This catches Cassie’s attention. She can relate.
40) 45) dialog: My guidance counselor thinks it’s because of my father. He says I get myself in trouble for attention. He says I like it when my Dad has to leave work to come talk with the principal. Like I’m getting back at him for not paying enough attention to me. (CONTINUED )
40) 49) dialog: I don’t know. I guess in away. I guess I’ve got a lot of anger issues. Kind of like you. Maybe that’s why you said what you did about my brother and Mrs. Clark. Because you want attention. You want people to feel sorry for you.
40) 51) dialog: So what about you?
40) 53) dialog: Studies have proven that when people go through near death experiences together, they form an unlikely bond. They share their inner most secrets with one another. I told you about my brother and my Dad. So what about you? You have anything to tell me? Cassie looks away from Jake, a bit embarrassed. She slowl comes around.
40) 55) dialog: He can’t be that bad. (CONTINUED )
40) 59) dialog: You shouldn’t be so hard on him.
40) 61) dialog: It's gotta be hard enough on your Dad, being that your Mom’s gone. I think you two should make the best of things and try to get along. Sure would make things a lot nicer around the house. Instead of biting each other’s heads off. But what do I know? I’m just a kid. Cassie turns to Jake, smiles. He’s made a great point and seems to have touched a nerve with Cassie.
40) 63) dialog: What do you mean?
40) 70) dialog: My grandmother had cancer. She died. Her and my grandfather were married forty five years. They loved each other. Whatever you think your Dad did to your Mom, you shouldn't think that. I’m sure he misses her as much as you.
40) 72) dialog: You guys should have a talk.
40) 74) dialog: Only if you do. Cassie smiles.
40) 76) dialog: Why do you think he didn’t kill us? (CONTINUED )
40) 80) dialog: We should check to see if his car is still here.
40) 82) dialog: Maybe he ran away. All of the sudden there is the sound of FOOTSTEPS coming the hall. The floor creaks a bit.
40) 84) dialog: He‘s coming.
40) 88) dialog: Are you crazy? Don’t open the door.
41) 2) dialog: Where are you going?
41) 4) dialog: Forget that. You’re not leaving me here. I’m going with you.
41) 6) dialog: Yes I am! I’m not staying in here! Cassie is red with anger. She quickly kneels in front of Jake, grabbing him by both arms and jerking him toward he Her eyes wide and focused.
41) 10) dialog: I got it.
45) 10) dialog: Cassie?
50) 0) text: Cassie quietly hurries back up the steps. INT. CASSIE’S BEDROOM Jake is curled up in the corner, still scared to death. Cassie knocks on the door.
50) 2) dialog: Where were you?
50) 6) dialog: Then let’s make a run for it. We can go out the front and run to the neighbors or something.
50) 8) dialog: What're we supposed to do? We can’t just sit here and wait for him to kill us.
50) 10) dialog: So what does he want? What is he doing? Cassie’s eyes frantically wander around the room, going o ideas in her head. She stops when she spots a photo of he and her father hanging on the wall.
50) 12) dialog: What?
50) 14) dialog: I don't get it. I’m the one who saw him. Why would he want your Dad? Cassie grabs Jake by the hand and walks him over to her b They have a seat on the edge.
50) 19) dialog: I remember. It was all over TV. Your dad was the head detective back then, wasn’t he? Cassie nods.
50) 21) dialog: They paid your Dad off?
50) 25) dialog: But what about Myers? Did he do it?
50) 27) dialog: So what happened to him?
50) 29) dialog: So the guy I saw in the woods today was the real killer?
50) 31) dialog: But why doesn’t he just kill us and get it over with?
50) 33) dialog: So what are we gonna do?
50) 38) dialog: Where’s the computer?
50) 40) dialog: But you said...
50) 42) dialog: But you're too big. Cassie gives him a dirty stare.
50) 43) dialog: I mean...I‘m smaller. I won’t make as much noise.
50) 45) dialog: I can make it. A lot easier than you.
50) 47) dialog: Then what?
50) 49) dialog: And if they don’t? (CONTINUED )
50) 53) dialog: Whatta you mean?
50) 55) dialog: What about you?
50) 57) dialog: And if you don’t?
50) 59) dialog: Alright. Let’s do it. I’m ready.
51) 0) text: Cassie and Jake slowly begin back down the steps. Cassie peeks over the railing, checking for Alex. CASSIE’S P.O.V. She spots him eating something in the kitchen, with his b turned to her. (CONTINUED )
51) 5) dialog: I’m scared.
52) 0) text: Jake locks the door and runs over to the computer at the desk, has a seat. A bright screen saver glows on the monitor, the system already booted up. Jake grabs the mouse and stares down at the desk. Notices message written on yellow note pad. It says...
53) 0) text: Alex and Jake continue back into the living room. The tip the sharp knife at Jake’s jugular.
53) 1) dialog: 
54) 0) text: Cassie spots Alex and Jake walking across the living room lays low. She waits until they pass by, out of view of th stairway. Cassie then quietly crawls over the railing. She drops to the floor and crawls across it like a soldier in combat, holding the golf club in her arms like a rifle. Cassie peeks around a corner wall, searching for Alex and Jake. She looks into the living room and kitchen. They are nowh to be found. She slowly stands up, keeping her back firmly on the wall takes another look. Still nothing. In the open background, we wait for Alex to pop up behind her. We keep waiting, but he never shows. Cassie moves back toward the staircase, being very slow a very quiet. She walks around the bottom of the steps and back toward kitchen, golf club in hand, ready to take a huge swing. I is strangely quiet, no sign of Jake or Alex. Hiding behind a nearby wall, waiting, is Alex and Jake. T problem is, we don’t know where this wall is. Jake’s mout has been duct taped shut. He can’t make a sound. The knif still to his throat. (CONTINUED )
54) 8) dialog: Jake stares at the back door, contemplates making a run f it, but doesn’t want to leave Cassie.
54) 11) dialog: Hey! Alex! Come on! It’s me you want! Remember! I saw what you did! come on! Come and get me! Alex stops with Cassie and stares over at Jake.
54) 12) dialog: That's right! Come on! Come get me! Jake crawls over the railing and heads back upstairs, run as fast as he can. (CONTINUED )
55) 0) text: The dirty garage is cluttered with tools and other house goods. Laying in the middle of the oily floor, with her mouth du taped and her arms tied behind her back is Cassie. Alex hovers over her, finishes tying up her feet with som rope he found in the debris. Cassie wiggles on the ground like a worm and grunts out l as Alex slides the blade across her bare arm. Alex leaves her, headed out of the garage and upstairs. H shuts the door behind him. Cassie grunts even louder, knowing that Jake is done for.
57) 0) text: Jake is hiding behind a wall. He hears the tapping of the knife on the railing. We notice an out of focus Alex comi up the steps in the background. He almost reaches the top when... Jake turns the corner, gripping an iron. Not a golf club, but an actual iron for ironing clothes. He smashes the smooth, flat metal surface into Alex’s face. Alex stumbles down the steps, all the way to the bottom. is disoriented, but not unconscious. He grabs his face in pain as he struggles to stand. Jake hurries down the steps toward him, still holding the iron. He attempts to hit him again, but... Alex starts coming around. He holds his knife out ina threatening pose, ready to defend himself. Jake drops the iron and makes a run for it. Alex once again drops the knife on the stairs and grabs h face in excruciating pain.
58) 0) text: Jake runs from room to room, closet to closet, opening do and searching for Cassie.
58) 1) dialog: 
59) 0) text: Jake runs inside. A spare bed is made up. The room is immaculately clean.
59) 1) dialog: (whispers) Cassie? You in here? Jake checks under the bed to see if she’s hiding. In the background, we see ALEX walking across the floor by the staircase. (CONTINUED )
60) 0) text: Alex stands hovered over the other side of the bed, knife hand, waiting for Jake to make a run for it.
63) 0) text: Jake darts down the hall, makes a run for the garage. He opens the door and steps inside, shutting the door behind him.
64) 0) text: Jake instantly notices Cassie tied up on the floor. She stares up at him. Crying out. Jake runs over and rips the tape from her mouth.
64) 4) dialog: I‘m gonna have to cut it off.
66) 0) text: Jake walks in. Cassie is still crying. Her eyes completel welled up with tears. Jake runs over and presses the button on the wall, opens garage door. He quickly begins cutting the rope from Cassie’s feet and hands.
68) 0) text: Jake still cutting the rope from Cassie’s hands. The rope tears off. Now, he begins cutting the rope from her feet.
70) 0) text: Jake finally cuts off the rope as he helps Cassie back on feet. They turn and notice...
70) 3) dialog: Alex begins after her. He turns her over, back on the ground. He rubs the tip of the turkey slicer across her chest and listens to hear SCREAM out in a panic. He holds the blade back, as if he's going to stab her, bu stops himself. He sets the blade down and begins chocking her with his bare hands. Jake stops in his tracks and looks back, watches on as Al chokes the life out of Cassie. He runs back toward them. Alex sticks his thumbs into Cassie’s neck, harder and har Her face turns red. Jake walks up behind Alex and drives his steak knife into back of his neck area. Alex spits up blood onto Cassie’s face and falls over, on the driveway, dead. Cassie tries to catch her breath. Jake stares down at Alex, taking in what he’s done. He dr the knife on the ground and helps Cassie up. (CONTINUED )
71) 0) text: Cassie and Jake walk up to the front door of a nearby neighbor. They ring the doorbell. A few moments pass befo the door opens. TOM DOYLE (50s) answers. He’s sporting a silk robe, a hai chest and a three day beard. His hair pointing in every direction. A bit drunk.
71) 2) dialog: It’s 12:45. Doyle gives Jake the evil eye.
71) 5) dialog: Oh.
71) 13) dialog: We killed someone. Cassie quickly grabs Jake and covers up his mouth with he hand.
73) 0) text: Jake stands near the living room with his hands in his pockets, looking completely exhausted. Doyle and his girlfriend LUCY (20s) a dark vixen dressed short black skirt, black fishnets, a revealing top and bl leather boots, stare at the television in a stuper. Doyle’s feet are kicked up on a coffee table. Lucy’s legs are sprawled out over Doyle’s lap. Doyle pays her no mind. Lucy keeps herself busy by rubbing her hands through Doyl chest hair. She glances over at Jake, giving him a seduct wink. Jake sports a fake smile for the accommodating neighbors. looks away in embarrassment.
81) 0) text: Jake sits on the couch watching television with Doyle and Lucy. He stares into the kitchen at
81) 12) dialog: You're not going back out there!
85) 0) text: Detective Reinhardt builds him, Cassie and Jake a boloney sandwich. He finishes spreading a bit of mayo on his brea and licks his finger. Cassie walks in, looking a bit refreshed from the night before. (CONTINUED )
85) 23) dialog: What? (CONTINUED )
85) 27) dialog: Why is everyone laughing at me? EXT. REINHARDT HOME —- DRIVEWAY - DAY Cassie and Jake walk out of the garage and over to Cassie car, sitting in the driveway.
85) 28) dialog: So since you're driving me home, you thinking about going to see my brother?
85) 30) dialog: Because after last night, you've learned life is too short and too precious to hold stupid grudges against people. And sometimes it’s just easier to admit when you're wrong. Cassie smiles.
85) 32) dialog: No. This is just common sense stuff.
85) 34) dialog: Not really. But you’re hot. Hot goes a long way. Cassie smiles, runs her hands through his hair and smacks on the butt. (CONTINUED )
85) 35) text: CASSIE (CONT’D) Okay, smart guy. Get in. Jake continues around the car.
85) 36) dialog: You know what, Cassie?
85) 38) dialog: 