12) 8) dialog: Charlie, put on Charlie Pride, would  ya? Oh, I love Charlie Pride. (begins singing; in  thick Scottish accent) HEY, DID YOU HAPPEN TO SEE THE MOST  BEAUTIFUL GIRL IN THE WORLD...
12) 10) text: STUART MACKENZIE is in his late fifties, a butcher, with  Coke bottle glasses and thick head of black hair. His red haired wife, MAY, is in her fifties, attractive with a so but tough appearance. Little WILLIAM, has a very large he and a skinny neck. Like Charlie, he was born in America. Charlie gives his Mom a hug, his father a kiss.
12) 18) dialog: Stuart, you're going to give the boy  a complex.
12) 21) dialog: Is that enough potatoes, Charlie?
12) 25) dialog: (taking it) I'll put it in the frig.
12) 39) dialog: Would anyone like a juice? Charlie,  did I tell you, we bought a Juice  Tiger?
12) 41) dialog: Aye, it's a juicer. It's part of my  National Enquirer, Garth Brooks diet.  Would you like potato juice?
12) 43) dialog: Sherri's late.
12) 45) dialog: Oh, you didn't. Sherri was the  daughter your father was never able  to give me.
12) 48) dialog: Maybe it's just as well not to get  married, look at the news. Where did  I put it?
12) 53) dialog: Oh, here it is. Mrs. X. The Honeymoon  Murderer. She marries men under fake  identities, and then murders them.  She killed some German martial arts  expert, and some plumber named Ralph  Elliot. Her whereabouts are unknown.
12) 61) dialog: Ah, you're steaming.
12) 64) dialog: Oh, you've turned into a sexy Italian  bastard.
34) 2) text: May comes up, wearing a fancy country and western outfit.
34) 3) dialog: Ah, Charlie is this the wee Harriet.  Ah, she's beautiful.
34) 5) dialog: She's so sweet. I hope you keep her. (calling) Stuart, come out here. You tube.
34) 8) dialog: Stuart, put your pants on.
34) 22) dialog: Oh, ignore him. Come have a look at  some photos of Charlie when he was a  wee'n.
34) 24) dialog: Ah, Charlie, lighten up. You've got  a pickle up your ass.
34) 30) dialog: Make sure you leave the seat down.
34) 33) dialog: (to Harriet) He always leaves the seat up. He's  gotta learn.
36) 0) text: May excitedly shows Harriet family photo albums.
36) 1) dialog: This is Charlie with his Uncle Ecky.  He's a policeman in Canada. And our  cousins Ruth and Jack. He's just got  a restraining order from his wife.  She's a lovely girl. This is Billy.  He's a member of parliament. He  drinks.
58) 0) text: May and Stuart's 45 year anniversary party. UNCLE ANGUS i at the piano playing "Happy Anniversary" as Charlie's par all their friends and Harriet all sit around the piano 
58) 3) text: The song ends. May and Stuart blow out the candles.
58) 4) dialog: Okay, everyone come and get a piece  of cake and some milk.
58) 8) text: They kiss and everyone APPLAUDS. Uncle Angus breaks into, "Stand By Your Man." May and Stuart start to dance. Charl looks at another young couple who are touched by this sin display of love. He looks over at Harriet. Stuart and May feed each other cake. Charlie approaches Harriet.
58) 29) dialog: (from across room) Harriet, come here a minute. I want  you and Uncle Angus to play a song  together.
63) 0) text: Charlie and Harriet are being married. Harriet is in a  beautiful wedding gown. Charlie is wearing a kilt. Tony i the best man. He also wears a kilt. Stuart, also kilted,  May, the whole family along with a hundred well-wishers a in attendance. The SCOTTISH MINISTER presides. Rose is in kilt.
64) 2) text: The others agree heartily. May and Tony are dancing. May is dancing uncomfortably cl She keeps sliding her hand down to his ass, which he then has to move back to his shoulder. Then we come to William, who's reluctantly at the childre table. All his little cousins are queuing up for a chance feel his head. We find Charlie in a corner. One of the hooting Scottish  aunties is trying to get him to have another Scotch.