2) 24) text: Ray and Abby are asleep. On a nightstand next to the bed, the telephone is ringing. Ray stirs, reaches for the phone.
2) 32) text: Ray listens to another silence. It ends with a disconnect Abby is stirring as Ray gets out of bed.
2) 33) dialog: ...Ray?
2) 35) dialog: What was that?
2) 157) text: Hanging on the wall are a couple of framed photographs of Marty and Abby, taken a long time ago.
2) 162) text: A picture of Abby and Marty standing together on a Gulf b Marty is wearing a long velour beach robe, Abby is in a  swimming suit. Ray's hand enters frame. He traces a finge down her leg.
2) 164) text: Of Marty's face. He is staring into the camera, at whoeve took the picture. His head is thrown back slightly; he is laughing. From offscreen in the quiet room we hear a static hum and then Abby's voice over an intercom.
2) 173) dialog: You kidding? I don't wanna leave all  this, I just wanna leave Marty...
2) 175) dialog: ...Drive me to a motel?
2) 177) dialog: Where... where you going?
2) 179) dialog: (nervously) Don't go to the bar, Ray. I know  him, that ain't a good idea.
4) 2) text: Abby's hand enters frame, hesitates, then after another r picks up.
4) 3) dialog: Hello?
4) 7) dialog: ...Marty?
4) 8) text: The phone goes dead just as we hear the front door openin Abby looks up as she cradles the phone. Ray is standing in the doorway.
4) 10) dialog: What?
4) 12) dialog: I don't know, he didn't say anything.
4) 14) dialog: (smiling) You got a girl--am I screwing  something up by being here?
4) 17) text: Abby looks at him, puzzled. After an uncomfortable pause:
4) 18) dialog: ...I can find a place tomorrow, then  I'll be outta your hair.
4) 20) text: Abby shifts uneasily, looking at Ray.
4) 21) dialog: Well... the couch would be all  right...
4) 23) dialog: Well... I'm not gonna put you out of  your bed...
4) 25) dialog: ...Well, I'd be okay in here--
4) 29) text: Turning slowly. We tilt down from the fan to frame Abby,  lying under a sheet on Ray's couch, staring up at the fan the darkened living room. The room is still. We hear only the whir of the fan and the distant sound of crickets. Ab turns her head, looking offscreen.
4) 33) text: Abby sits up. She stands and walks across the moonlit roo toward the hallway. We pull her back down the hall toward the bedroom. She pauses in the bedroom doorway and looks  down toward the bed.
4) 39) text: Through the window the slow dissolve gradually defines th front lawn and the street beyond in the flat pre-dawn lig Abby rises into frame and quietly gets out of bed. The ca tracks behind her as she walks up the hallway into the li room. We follow her across the living room and move into a clos shot on her hand as she reaches into her purse and withdr a small plastic compact.
4) 43) dialog: Opal--
4) 44) text: In the mirror something moves just behind her. Abby start to turn. Marty's hand clamps over her mouth from behind. His other hand circles her waist. Abby struggles.
4) 48) text: Still holding her from behind, Marty forces her down on h knees. Abby's cries are muffled by the hand clamped over mouth. Marty shoots a glance down the dark hallway. There no movement. Abby's hand is groping forward out of frame.
5) 0) text: The neighborhood is deserted and still. The streetlamps a still on. Marty and Abby stumble down the front stoop ont the lawn. His hand is still clamped over her mouth. She reaches up, grabs a finger, and bends it back. We hear the bone snap. Marty screams. His hand drops. His other hand cuffs her o the side of the head, spinning her around. Marty is now clutching his broken finger with his good ha Abby kicks him in the groin. He sinks to his knees, drops forward on one hand, and vom
5) 3) dialog: She has backed away from Marty and now stands on the lawn breathing heavily. She looks from Ray to Marty.
5) 6) dialog: Still panting. Up the street we can hear Marty's car  alternately racing and stopping, shifting in and out of g His engine rumble starts to grow louder again.
6) 49) text: A crack of light shoots across the floor as we hear the  apartment door open behind us. A figure enters frame. As crosses into the shaft of light we see that it is Abby. S moves across the dark apartment, in silhouette against th window.
6) 51) text: An overhead light is switched on and the room is bathed i light. Several feet from Abby, an old man in a dirty  undershirt is asleep on a cot. Abby starts. The old man grumbles, slowly sits up, squints. With the light, the window behind Abby has become a mirro of the entire room, in which we now see the matronly Land standing by the wall switch. The Landlady roars at the old man in Spanish. The man glo at her. The Landlady looks back at Abby.
6) 53) text: We follow Abby as she accompanies the landlady back into short hallway-entrance foyer. Abby glances back at the ol man.
6) 54) dialog: Are you sure this is... Are you sure  this apartment is vacant?... Mrs.  Esteves?
6) 69) text: The old man is now sitting on the edge of the bed, smokin cigarette, looking for a place to put the ash. The Landla snaps at him again in Spanish, and is again cheerful as s turns back to address Abby.
6) 75) text: Staring vacantly at Abby. He blows a stream of smoke acro the room. The ash falls off his cigarette.
6) 80) dialog: Looks like the state legislature is  out of session.
6) 83) text: All of the heads at the bar start to swivel, including  Meurice's. A couple of patrons hurriedly snatch their dri off the bar. In the extreme foreground a stripper dances on the top of the bar into frame. We crop her just above her white high heeled cowboy boots and her bare calves. The conversation continues with Abby looking at Meurice, Meurice and everyone else at the bar looking up at a poin somewhere above the stripper's calves.
6) 84) dialog: Listen Meurice, you're gonna help me  with a problem.
6) 87) dialog: You're gonna keep an eye on Marty  and Ray, make sure nothing happens.
6) 94) dialog: Thanks, Meurice.
6) 100) dialog: He's in the house.
6) 103) text: Abby twists around to look down at him.
6) 104) dialog: I could've sworn I heard something.
6) 106) text: He pulls her down out of frame and we hold on the window the empty lamplit street. Then Abby rises back into frame in silhouette against the window, looking down at Ray.
6) 107) dialog: I knew it. 'Cause we wouldn't have  heard anything if it was him. He's  real careful. Fact is, he's anal.
6) 109) dialog: Yeah, he told me once himself. He  said to me...
6) 111) dialog: ..."In here, Abby. In here... I'm  anal."
6) 112) text: Looking up at Abby.
6) 114) dialog: I couldn't believe it either...
6) 116) dialog: ...Me on the other hand, I got lots  of personality...
6) 118) dialog: Marty always said I had too much.  'Course he was never big on  personality...
6) 120) dialog: ...He sent me to a psychiatrist to  see if he could calm me down some.
6) 122) dialog: Psychiatrist said I was the healthiest  person he'd ever met, so Marty fired  him.
6) 124) dialog: Well, I didn't see him anymore, I'll  tell you that much.
6) 127) dialog: I said, Marty, how come you're anal  and I gotta go to the psychiatrist?
6) 130) dialog: Nothing. He's like you, he doesn't  say much.
6) 132) dialog: Except when he doesn't say things  they're usually nasty.
6) 134) dialog: When you don't they're usually nice.
6) 136) dialog: Huh? Oh, yeah, I guess. Mm-hmm.
6) 137) text: Ray's hand rises into frame and coaxes Abby back down ont the bed, revealing, through the window, a green Volkswago now parked at curbside on the lamplit street. We hear the rustle of sheets. As we hold on the window, we begin to hear the faint, dis sound of metal scraping against metal.
7) 0) text: We track behind him as he rounds the corner of the house approaches the open window to Ray's bedroom. He slows, mo more cautiously, then sinks to his knees under the window As he reaches into his breast pocket the camera continues tracking up to and over him, finally framing his POV thro the window. On the bed inside we can dimly see Abby and Ray, asleep. We have been hearing a faint rumble, becoming louder and  louder as if approaching from a distance. Just as the rum becomes deafening a sudden bright flash of light illumina the room, seeming to polarize the image of Abby and Ray i bed, and we:
7) 50) text: Marty is hunched over the open safe, still holding the  envelope. Blocking Visser's view of the safe with his bod he slides the picture of Abby's and Ray's corpses from un the envelope into the safe, then withdraws two packets of money.
7) 77) text: As Visser places it deliberately on the floor near the de It is Abby's pearl-handled revolver.
12) 2) dialog: (through phone;  sleepily) Hello?
12) 4) dialog: Ray?... What time is it?
12) 7) dialog: ...You all right?
12) 10) dialog: Okay, see ya... Thanks, Ray.
13) 1) text: Her sleeping head on a pillow. Offscreen we hear a door o and shut. A moment later Ray's dirt-caked hand comes into frame and gently brushes a wisp of hair back for Abby's f We hear Ray walk across the apartment and a moment later sound of water running. Abby stirs. She looks offscreen.
13) 3) dialog: (sleepily) ...Ray?
13) 5) text: Still half asleep, Abby smiles.
13) 6) dialog: ...What?
13) 9) dialog: (smiling) ...You're bad too.
13) 10) text: Ray swings a chair out and sits down behind a table at th far end of the room. He leans back and props his legs up the table. He is staring across the room at Abby.
13) 17) dialog: Emerging from the bathroom. Her voice has a flat echo in bare apartment.
13) 18) dialog: Why didn't you get into bed?
13) 20) dialog: Yeah...
13) 22) dialog: ...You called me this morning.
13) 24) text: Abby looks at him, expecting more. Finally:
13) 26) dialog: ...What do you mean?
13) 29) text: Abby is looking at him in alarm.
13) 30) dialog: What happened?--Was Meurice there?
13) 36) text: Abby is looking at him nervously.
13) 37) dialog: Well... what happened?
13) 43) dialog: Ray--
13) 49) dialog: What the hell happened, Ray?
13) 54) dialog: I don't know what you're talking  about.
13) 56) dialog: I... I mean what're you talking about,  Ray? I haven't done anything funny.
13) 58) text: Abby, startled, can't contain her agitation anymore.
13) 59) dialog: (rapidly) Ray, I mean you ain't even acting  like yourself. First you call me at  five in the A.M. saying all kinds of  nice things over the telephone and  then you come charging in here scaring  me half to death without even telling  me what it is I'm supposed to be  scared of. I gotta tell you it's  extremely rattling.
13) 63) dialog: How can I be lying if I don't even  know--
13) 65) dialog: ...I mean if you and him had a fight  or something, I don't care, as long  as you...
13) 66) text: Her voice trails off. The telephone won't stop ringing. Abby and Ray are starin at each other, seemingly oblivious to it. Finally:
13) 68) text: Still ringing. Abby's hand enters frame and picks it up.
13) 69) dialog: What.
13) 70) text: Through the phone we hear only the rhythmic whir of a cei fan. Abby shifts the phone to her other ear, listening ha It is the same sound we heard earlier when she picked up phone at Ray's house. As before, the line clicks dead.
13) 71) dialog: (looking at Ray) ...Welp, that was him.
13) 74) dialog: Marty.
13) 77) dialog: ...What's going on with you two?
13) 83) text: He pauses at the foyer and pulls Abby's gun out of his po He sets it on a shelf by the door.
13) 84) dialog: Watching. We hear the door open.
13) 87) text: We hear the rhythmic whir of the fan. We tilt down from t ceiling to reveal that we are in the living room of Ray's bungalow. In the foreground Visser sits in a chair with the cradled telephone in his lap, facing the front door, which stands open in the background. The contents of Abby's tote bag l strewn on the bureau next to Visser. Her purse is not the After a moment Visser rouses himself and starts to sweep articles back into the tote bag.
16) 0) text: Abby switches on the lights, looks around, goes to the ba office door. Locked. As she fits her key into the lock:
16) 1) dialog: (quietly) Marty?
16) 11) text: On the standing safe behind the desk lies a white towel.  Abby's hand enters frame ans picks up the towel. In slow motion a hammer that's been wrapped inside slips of the towel, falls end-over-end, hits the floor with a d thud.
16) 14) dialog: Staring down at the floor. She rises and looks at the des As she rises we hear glass under her feet.
16) 26) dialog: Ray...?
16) 27) text: There is no answer. After a moment we hear bedsprings cre in the next room. Abby opens the bathroom door and walks  out.
16) 30) text: Abby looks nervously at Marty. Droplets of water are stil running down her face. She brushes one from her eye.
16) 34) text: Abby takes a step back.
16) 35) dialog: I... I love you too.
16) 45) dialog: Bolts upright in bead with a muffled groan. Sweat pours d her face. She brushes a drop of sweat from her eye and lo around.
16) 52) text: After a moment Abby enters frame. She picks her coat off chair and puts it on. We hear a car door slam.
17) 0) text: Abby has just gotten out of her car in the foreground and crossing the lawn to the house. Down the road the street  lights are still on. One light burns in the house, in the window of Ray's bedroom. Abby approaches it.
17) 2) dialog: Ray.
18) 1) text: Abby is coming through the screen door. The room is strik bare of everything except furniture. All personal effects have been removed. Abby looks around, bewildered, as Ray enters from the hal
18) 2) dialog: ...Where is everything?
18) 4) text: Abby, still standing in front of the door, looks at him  uncomprehendingly. Ray walks over to a couple of cardboar boxes stacked in the corner.
18) 7) dialog: ...You leaving?
18) 12) dialog: ...But first I gotta know what  happened.
18) 14) dialog: You broke into the bar. You wanted  to get your money. You and Marty had  a fight. Something happened...
18) 15) text: Ray shakes his head, smiling. Abby squints at him, lookin for help.
18) 16) dialog: ...I don't know, wasn't it you? Maybe  a burglar broke in, and you found--
18) 20) text: Ray faces Abby in front of the door.
18) 24) text: Abby stares. An object materializes in the sky beyond them. It is flip end-over-end in slow motion, moving toward Abby and Ray a the screen door. Abby and Ray, each staring at the other, fail to notice until-- THWACK--it bounces off the screen. Abby starts; Ray doesn't. The spell is broken, Abby pushes hesitantly at the screen door. Ray's hand slides off the cross-slat; he makes no m to stop her.
18) 25) text: As Abby steps over the rolled-up newspaper that hit the s door.
18) 31) dialog: I... I'm sorry, Meurice. I gotta  talk to you... Can I come in?
19) 0) text: As Abby enters.
19) 2) text: Meurice switches on a table lamp; the curtains are drawn  against the sun. Abby follows Meurice over to the bar.
19) 4) dialog: No, I--
19) 8) dialog: Something happened with Marty and  Ray--
19) 16) dialog: No Meurice, it's worse than that.  Something really happened, I think  Marty's dead--
19) 18) dialog: Sort of...
19) 23) dialog: Meurice--
19) 26) dialog: Meurice, you gotta help me...
19) 31) text: Her head on the cushion. We hear engine rumble. Abby twis her head back, following Meurice. As we hear the table la being switched off we:
19) 54) text: The door swings open.  Meurice throws the switch near the door and the room is bathed in light. We are once again i the bedroom where we earlier saw Abby looking through her purses. We start to hear the faint buzzing of a fly. Meurice glances around, throws off the light, and shuts t door. Black.
19) 59) text: As he flips through the photographs. The first four are R and Abby in the motel room bed. The last is a mounted 8 x 10: Abby and Marty on a Gulf beach.
19) 63) text: His and Abby's corpses.
22) 0) text: Abby approaches her door in the foreground and lets herse in.
23) 0) text: Looking toward the window. The room is dark. Through the  window we see the facade of the building across the stree Abby enters frame in the foreground, in silhouette agains the window, and throws an overhead light switch. The brig light reveals Ray standing by the window, looking out.
23) 2) text: Abby jumps, startled.
23) 3) dialog: Ray...
24) 0) text: From the roof of the building across the street we are lo down on the facade of Abby's building. Most of its window are dark, but in a brightly lit fourth-floor window we ca clearly see Abby and Ray. A man is on the roof in the foreground, hitching a rifle his shoulder.
27) 2) text: Abby is clearly apprehensive--about Ray, not about anythi outside.
27) 3) dialog: ...So?
27) 5) text: Abby doesn't understand, and has had enough. As she throw the light back on:
27) 6) dialog: So what'll they see?
28) 0) text: Ray and Abby are once again clearly visible. Ray is start across the room.
29) 0) text: Abby takes a fearful step back as Ray strides toward the  light switch, next to her.
29) 1) dialog: (abruptly) --If you do anything the neighbors'll  hear.
29) 2) text: This brings Ray up short. He stares at Abby. It registers that it is him she's afraid of.
29) 6) text: Abby takes another step back. Her voice comes out, after pause, half-strangled:
29) 7) dialog: ...I love you too.
30) 0) text: We are looking through the telescopic sight of a high-pow rifle. The rifle sweeps up from Ray's body across the bri lit room, and centers Abby, still staring at the window, the cross hairs.
31) 0) text: We are looking past Abby toward the shattered window at t far end of the room. A brass lamp stands in the foregroun between Abby and the camera. Abby still stands paralyzed. Glass has stopped chinking from the window to the floor;  there is a painful silence. Suddenly Abby dives to the floor just as CRASH the rest o the window falls away and PING the brass lamp somersaults toward us from the impact of the bullet. The window is now completely gone--just a black hole in t brightly lit wall.
31) 1) dialog: Scrambles into a corner at the window end of the room. Th only sound is her heavy breathing. She looks over at Ray, then up at the bulb on the ceiling.
31) 6) text: Its front door in background. Abby rises into frame and b toward the doorway, staring down at the floor. One of her hands is covered with blood.
31) 7) dialog: Ray--
31) 11) dialog: (groping for the words,  in Spanish) No no--you don't understand--
31) 13) text: Abby heads for the stairway at the far end of the hall. T heel of her shod foot is throwing her weight onto her bad foot; she kicks off the shoe.
31) 14) text: As she reaches the top of the stairs. She takes one step  down, then brings herself up short. She looks over the ra down the stairwell. It is quiet. An innocent-sounding cou echoes somewhere in the building. We hear the sound of footsteps from somewhere below. Abby turns and hobbles back to her apartment. The barenes of the hallway sets off her abandoned shoe.
31) 16) text: Ray is lying still in the darkness. We can hear footsteps approaching up the hallway. Abby enters frame and kneels down next to Ray. She fumble around him briefly in the darkness. The doorknob rattles. Abby freezes, listening, trying to  control her breath. After a moment we hear a scraping at lock. Abby moves to the bathroom adjoining the main room and sh the door behind her.
31) 18) text: Her ear pressed to the door. From the next room we hear t sound of footsteps crunching across broken glass. Abby backs away from the door, stares at it, then turns a moves to the bathroom window. She looks out.
31) 19) text: A sheer drop to the narrow backyard of the building four  stories below. Next to Abby's window is another window,  separated from hers only by the breadth of the wall, that separates the two apartments.
33) 1) text: Abby (out of frame) has grabbed it and now THUMP she slam the window down on his wrist, catching it between the win sash and sill. Her other hand flashes across frame to THUNK pin Visser's hand to the sill with Ray's knife.
33) 24) text: The window of the apartment, its glass now completely gon lets in streetlight. Ray's corpse is a dark form in the m of the floor. A bright shaft of light slices across the r from offscreen. It glints on the shards of glass that lit the floor, just as in Abby's dream.
33) 40) dialog: ...I ain't afraid of you, Marty.