2) 24) text: Ray and Abby are asleep. On a nightstand next to the bed, the telephone is ringing. Ray stirs, reaches for the phone.
2) 25) dialog: ...Hello.
2) 27) dialog: ...What? Who is this?
2) 31) dialog: Yeah, I'm still here.
2) 32) text: Ray listens to another silence. It ends with a disconnect Abby is stirring as Ray gets out of bed.
2) 34) dialog: Yeah.
2) 36) dialog: Your husband.
2) 162) text: A picture of Abby and Marty standing together on a Gulf b Marty is wearing a long velour beach robe, Abby is in a  swimming suit. Ray's hand enters frame. He traces a finge down her leg.
2) 167) dialog: Yeah...
2) 169) dialog: ...You get what you wanted?
2) 172) dialog: Why d'you wanna leave all this?
2) 176) dialog: You can stay at my place, I'll drop  you there.
2) 178) dialog: See a guy.
2) 180) dialog: I just gotta see a guy.
2) 183) dialog: Meurice. Sorry I didn't show last  night.
2) 185) text: He pours Debra another drink and starts to set one up for Ray.
2) 187) text: Ray nods at Debra.
2) 188) dialog: Is Marty here?
2) 190) dialog: (leaving) Thanks Meurice.
3) 3) dialog: Marty?
3) 4) text: Marty looks over his shoulder, then back toward the furna Ray descends the stoop and stands in front of him.
3) 5) dialog: ...Well...? What?
3) 6) text: Marty stares past Ray across the parking lot.
3) 8) dialog: Am I fired? You wanna hit me? What?
3) 10) dialog: Well... if you're not gonna fire me  I might as well quit.
3) 12) text: Ray tenses. There is a pause.
3) 13) dialog: ...I don't like this kind of talk.
3) 16) dialog: (no more conciliation) You owe me for two weeks.
3) 19) text: He finally looks up at Ray.
3) 21) dialog: I want that money. If you wanna tell  me something, fine--
3) 23) text: Ray breaks into a strained half-smile. Marty grins humorlessly back, mimicking Ray's smile.
3) 25) text: He grabs a knee in each hand and leans forward, still loo at Ray. He is becoming only slightly more animated.
3) 29) text: Ray moves forward and Marty's eyes follow him as he  approaches. Marty's smile abruptly turns to a look of  apprehension. Ray enters frame and brushes past Marty as walks up the stoop, and crosses the back office toward th bar. Marty relaxes, and his gaze returns to the furnace.
3) 31) text: Ray opens the door to the bar and shuts it softly behind  him.
4) 0) text: In the foreground Ray sits behind the wheel of his parked car, slumped back against the seat. He is staring at his story bungalow, in which a couple of lights are burning.  Inside we can faintly hear his telephone ringing. It rings for a long time.
4) 8) text: The phone goes dead just as we hear the front door openin Abby looks up as she cradles the phone. Ray is standing in the doorway.
4) 9) dialog: Who was it?
4) 11) dialog: On the phone. Was it for you?
4) 13) dialog: Uh-huh. So how do you know it was a  he?
4) 15) text: Ray leans against the door and folds his arms, watching A
4) 16) dialog: No, am I?
4) 19) dialog: If that's what you want to do, then  you oughta do it. You, uh... you  want the bed or the couch?
4) 20) text: Abby shifts uneasily, looking at Ray.
4) 22) dialog: You can sleep on the bed if you want.
4) 24) dialog: You wouldn't be putting me out.
4) 26) text: Ray walks toward the bedroom.
4) 27) dialog: Okay.
4) 29) text: Turning slowly. We tilt down from the fan to frame Abby,  lying under a sheet on Ray's couch, staring up at the fan the darkened living room. The room is still. We hear only the whir of the fan and the distant sound of crickets. Ab turns her head, looking offscreen.
4) 30) text: A ray of light slants up the hallway from the direction o the bedroom. The light is snapped off, leaving the hallwa in darkness. We hear a faint cough and the creaking of  bedsprings.
4) 34) text: Ray in bed, his eyes closed.
4) 36) text: Close shot, Ray asleep.
5) 5) dialog: Watching the car. He looks at Abby.
5) 7) dialog: Like to have seen his face when he  found the dead end.
6) 101) text: Offscreen we hear Ray stirring in bed.
6) 102) dialog: What's the matter?
6) 105) dialog: Door's locked. Nothing there.
6) 106) text: He pulls her down out of frame and we hold on the window the empty lamplit street. Then Abby rises back into frame in silhouette against the window, looking down at Ray.
6) 108) dialog: ...Huh?
6) 113) dialog: (yawning) ...Well I'll be damned.
6) 115) text: Framed against the window, looking down at Ray.
6) 121) dialog: Yeah? What happened?
6) 123) dialog: (sleepily) ...I don't know if you can fire a  psychiatrist, exactly.
6) 126) dialog: Uh-huh.
6) 128) dialog: What'd he say?
6) 131) dialog: (murmuring) Thanks.
6) 133) dialog: ...Mm-hmm.
6) 135) dialog: ...You ever get tired?
6) 137) text: Ray's hand rises into frame and coaxes Abby back down ont the bed, revealing, through the window, a green Volkswago now parked at curbside on the lamplit street. We hear the rustle of sheets. As we hold on the window, we begin to hear the faint, dis sound of metal scraping against metal.
7) 0) text: We track behind him as he rounds the corner of the house approaches the open window to Ray's bedroom. He slows, mo more cautiously, then sinks to his knees under the window As he reaches into his breast pocket the camera continues tracking up to and over him, finally framing his POV thro the window. On the bed inside we can dimly see Abby and Ray, asleep. We have been hearing a faint rumble, becoming louder and  louder as if approaching from a distance. Just as the rum becomes deafening a sudden bright flash of light illumina the room, seeming to polarize the image of Abby and Ray i bed, and we:
7) 50) text: Marty is hunched over the open safe, still holding the  envelope. Blocking Visser's view of the safe with his bod he slides the picture of Abby's and Ray's corpses from un the envelope into the safe, then withdraws two packets of money.
7) 86) dialog: (muttering) Damn...
7) 90) dialog: Marty...
7) 92) dialog: Marty...
7) 93) text: The door is locked. We hear the muffled whir of the ceili fan inside. A pause. Ray withdraws a ring of keys from his pocket and uses one on the door. The door swings open. Over his shoulder we see Marty, still at his desk, his ba to us. On foot is still propped on the desk.
7) 94) dialog: What's the matter, you deaf?
7) 95) text: No answer. Ray stumbles toward Marty. He stumbles slightly and we hear the sharp blast of a gun and the sound of something metallic skating across the fl Ray, startled, steadies himself against the desk, then st Marty.
7) 100) text: There is a glinting silver circle in the darkness under t safe. It is the business end of the revolver that Ray hal stumbled over, half-kicked.
7) 104) text: The desk, Marty behind it, Ray straightening behind him. looks from the gun to Marty, slowly sets the gun down on desk. A pause. He begins to hoist Marty from the chair. There is noise from the bar, as of someone entering. Ray reacts.
7) 111) text: There is a rap at the door; Ray stands frozen. The doorkn rattles. Ray reaches out compulsively to grab it, but sto himself before actually touching it. Now Meurice's footsteps can be heard going casually back  into the bar. We hold on Ray's rigidly set face.
7) 117) text: We hear a record drop on the jukebox and a Motown song bl Ray crosses to Marty's chair and takes off his nylon  windbreaker. He stoops down and tries to mop up the pool blood with his windbreaker. This isn't going to work. He rises and walks over to the bathroom, the windbreaker  dripping blood.
7) 119) text: The song continues faintly in the background. The faucet turned on and Ray's hand enters frame, holding a dirty wh towel under the stream of water.
7) 121) text: He still has not moved. Ray rises into frame and takes hi under the armpits. He notices something on the desk in fr of him.
7) 122) text: Ray's hand enters frame and picks it up.
7) 123) text: Ray's hand enters frame and slips the gun into Marty's po Marty is hoisted up.
8) 0) text: Ray appears in the doorway. The music from the bar, thoug fainter, can still be heard. There are three or four wooden steps going down from the  back door to the small gravel parking lot in back. Ray ba down the stairs; Marty's feet THUMP-THUMP-THUMP down the  stairs after him. The rear door of Ray's car is open. Ray heaves in Marty's torso. Marty's legs rest on the ground outside the car. R takes an ankle in each hand and pushes.
8) 3) text: We are looking down on Ray's car as the camera tracks beh it towards the incinerator. At the cut the roar of the  incinerator is suddenly louder. It grows louder still as approach it. Ray's car draws even with the incinerator without slowing stopping. The wadded-up towel is chucked out of his windo into the fire. We hold on the fire as Ray's car rolls on of frame.
9) 0) text: As he drives down a deserted country highway. We hear the rhythmic sound of the wheels clomping over asphalt. The r is broadcasting a fundamentalist's sermon, periodically  interrupted by static. Ray is sweating.
9) 2) text: Ray twists around and looks in the back seat.
9) 7) text: Ray switches off the radio. We hear the sound of faint, labored breathing.
10) 1) text: As Ray's door flies open. He is bolting from the car. The camera, at waist level, tracks toward him as he races out into the field that abuts the highway. Fifty yards in he finally stops, panting, framed from a l angle. His breath vaporizes in the crisp night air. We he only his breath and the chirring of crickets. He is looki back toward the road.
10) 8) text: Marty is crawling up the road on his hands and knees, lea a trail of blood. The headlights of Ray's car give a  fantastically long shadow.
10) 12) text: From in front. The headlights glare behind him. His breat vaporizes. In the background Ray is walking toward him,  dragging the shovel, which scrapes along the asphalt. As moves into the foreground and turns to face Marty only hi lower legs and the shovel are in frame. The shovel rises out of frame.
10) 14) text: Inches away from Marty. Marty's hand slides forward and w around one of Ray's ankles.
10) 20) text: As Ray grabs him under the armpits and starts dragging hi back to the car. Just before Ray heaves him into the back seat, Marty coughs weakly. A fine spray of blood comes ou with the cough. The engine rumble is quite loud now.
11) 1) text: Sudden quiet at the cut. We are looking at Ray's car in  profile, parked in the middle of a deserted field. From  offscreen we hear the sound of a shovel biting into earth We track laterally down the car, along the beam of its  headlights, to finally frame Ray as he climbs out of the  shallow grave he has just finished digging. He plants the shovel and walks back to the car.
11) 2) text: The grave in the middle background; the car's headlights  beyond it. Ray is dragging Marty toward the grave. He dumps him in.
11) 5) text: Ray, in the foreground, pitches the first shovelful of ea onto Marty. Marty moves slightly.
11) 7) text: As Ray shovels, Marty is moving under the loose dirt. A f inarticulate noise comes from the grave. Almost imperceptibly, Marty's right arm starts to rise.
11) 14) text: Of Marty's gun hand as Ray slowly sinks down on the lip o the grave, bracing himself with the shovel. His hand reac for Marty's. Marty squeezes off two more empty chambers.  Ray's hand slowly closes over the barrel of the gun. As he pulls, the gun slides from Marty's fingers.
11) 21) text: It is filled. Ray is packing down the earth, slamming the shovel furiously against the bare patch of earth.
11) 26) text: House, car and grave. Ray throws the shovel into the car, gets in, and turns the ignition. The engine coughs weakly and dies. He tries again. Same result. One more time. The engine coughs, sputters, and fires to  life. The car runs over the grave and rattles on across t rutted field towards the highway in the distance.
11) 33) text: His headlights are on. Ray's hand enters frame and pushes the knob.
11) 34) text: Watching the approaching station wagon. As it passes we c a glimpse of its occupant. He grins and cocks a you-got-i finger at Ray before roaring out of frame.
12) 1) text: The station hasn't opened yet. Ray's car, empty, stands a in the lot. Flat prairie stretches to the horizon. No mov in the frame. At the cut we hear the faint sound of a phone ringing thr a receiver. After four or five rings the phone is picked and we begin a slow crane down.
12) 3) dialog: (present; very hoarsely) Abby... you all right?
12) 5) dialog: I don't know. It's early... I love  you.
12) 8) dialog: I don't know. I better get off now.
12) 9) text: The continuing crane down reveals Ray in a phone booth in the foreground.
12) 11) dialog: Abby--
13) 1) text: Her sleeping head on a pillow. Offscreen we hear a door o and shut. A moment later Ray's dirt-caked hand comes into frame and gently brushes a wisp of hair back for Abby's f We hear Ray walk across the apartment and a moment later sound of water running. Abby stirs. She looks offscreen.
13) 4) dialog: You're bad.
13) 7) dialog: I said you're bad.
13) 10) text: Ray swings a chair out and sits down behind a table at th far end of the room. He leans back and props his legs up the table. He is staring across the room at Abby.
13) 11) dialog: We're both bad.
13) 19) dialog: (groggy) I didn't think I could sleep. I'm  surprised you could. Are you all  right?
13) 23) dialog: Yeah.
13) 25) dialog: ...I just wanted to let you know  that everything was all right. I  took care of everything. Now all we  have to do is keep our heads.
13) 27) text: Ray finally looks directly at her.
13) 28) dialog: I know about it, Abby. I went to the  bar last night.
13) 31) dialog: Yeah.
13) 33) dialog: ...He didn't see me, though. Nobody  saw me.
13) 35) dialog: ...Is it cold in here?
13) 38) dialog: I cleaned it all up, but that ain't  important...
13) 40) dialog: ...What's important is what we do  now; I mean we can't go around half- cocked. What we need is some time to  think about this, figure it out...
13) 42) dialog: ...Anyway, we got some time now. But  we gotta be smart.
13) 44) dialog: Abby, never point a gun at anyone  unless you're gonna shoot him. And  when you shoot him you better make  sure he's dead...
13) 45) text: Ray's pacing is more agitated as he looks distractedly ar the apartment.
13) 46) dialog: ...because if he's not dead he's  gonna get up and try and kill you.
13) 48) dialog: ...That's the only thing they told  us in the service that was worth a  goddamn--Where the hell's my  windbreaker?
13) 50) text: Ray is walking to the window. Sunlight streams in around  him.
13) 51) dialog: That ain't important. What's important  is that we did it. That's the only  thing that matters. We both did it  for each other...
13) 53) dialog: ...That's what's important.
13) 55) text: Ray's head snaps around. Staring at her he slowly rises t his feet and then remains still.
13) 57) dialog: ...What was that?
13) 60) dialog: We track toward him, isolating him against the window. He perfectly still. For a long time he can't speak.
13) 61) dialog: (quietly) ...Don't lie to me, Abby--
13) 66) text: Her voice trails off. The telephone won't stop ringing. Abby and Ray are starin at each other, seemingly oblivious to it. Finally:
13) 67) dialog: ...Pick it up.
13) 70) text: Through the phone we hear only the rhythmic whir of a cei fan. Abby shifts the phone to her other ear, listening ha It is the same sound we heard earlier when she picked up phone at Ray's house. As before, the line clicks dead.
13) 72) text: There is a long moment of silence. Then Ray's voice comes from across the room:
13) 73) dialog: ...Who?
13) 76) text: Ray shifts in front of the window. He laughs humorlessly. The laugh stops abruptly.
13) 78) dialog: (quietly) All right...
13) 80) dialog: ...You can call him back, whoever it  was...
13) 82) dialog: ...I'll get out of your way.
13) 85) dialog: You left your weapon behind.
13) 87) text: We hear the rhythmic whir of the fan. We tilt down from t ceiling to reveal that we are in the living room of Ray's bungalow. In the foreground Visser sits in a chair with the cradled telephone in his lap, facing the front door, which stands open in the background. The contents of Abby's tote bag l strewn on the bureau next to Visser. Her purse is not the After a moment Visser rouses himself and starts to sweep articles back into the tote bag.
14) 0) text: As he comes through the screen door. It bangs shut behind him. As he crosses the living room we see, and he hears,  Meurice's Trans Am pulling up and stopping at the foot of the lawn. Ray turns and looks out the window.
14) 1) text: Ray throws it open and hurriedly pulls out the first thin at hand--a sheet. We hear the door of the Trans Am open a slam shut.
15) 5) dialog: (his back to Meurice;  arranging the sheet) Got a problem, Meurice?
15) 7) text: Ray is still hunched in the open doorway. He freezes  momentarily in arranging the sheet.
15) 8) dialog: ...Why?
15) 10) text: Ray doesn't reply or turn around. Meurice is getting more strident.
15) 12) text: Ray backs out of the car and turns around.
15) 14) text: Ray looks evenly at Meurice. Behind him the sheet has bee arranged over the seat. He puts an unlit cigarette in his mouth.
15) 16) dialog: (tonelessly) What's that?
15) 17) text: Meurice reaches out and swipes the unlit cigarette out of Ray's mouth.
15) 21) text: Mow that his temper is gone, he realizes he has nothing m to say. He shakes his head and turns back down the drive, muttering as he lights himself Ray's cigarette.
15) 25) text: We hear his car door slam. After a moment Ray exits frame heading for the house. The camera tracks slowly in to the back window of the car. Traces of blood are starting to seep up from the upholste into the sheet.
15) 27) text: We are looking across the tiled floor toward the front  doorway. The room has the dim gray cast of daytime inside shuttered house. We hold on the empty foyer as we hear an intermittent high whining sound. We hear the padding of f on carpet, and then the clatter of nails on tile as Opal, Marty's German shepherd, trots into frame and circles the foyer, still whining. She jumps up and scratches desperat at the front door. A slow, rhythmic pounding is very faint on the track.
16) 50) text: It is still not quite light. The few lights that shined i the windows of the opposite building before are now off; facade of the building is a flat, undetailed gray.
17) 0) text: Abby has just gotten out of her car in the foreground and crossing the lawn to the house. Down the road the street  lights are still on. One light burns in the house, in the window of Ray's bedroom. Abby approaches it.
17) 3) text: Ray starts and looks toward the window, squinting.
18) 1) text: Abby is coming through the screen door. The room is strik bare of everything except furniture. All personal effects have been removed. Abby looks around, bewildered, as Ray enters from the hal
18) 3) dialog: In the trunk.
18) 4) text: Abby, still standing in front of the door, looks at him  uncomprehendingly. Ray walks over to a couple of cardboar boxes stacked in the corner.
18) 5) dialog: ...In the car.
18) 8) dialog: Isn't that what you want?
18) 10) dialog: Wanna come with me?
18) 13) dialog: What do you want to know?
18) 15) text: Ray shakes his head, smiling. Abby squints at him, lookin for help.
18) 17) dialog: With your gun?...
18) 19) dialog: ...Nobody broke in, Abby. I'll tell  you the truth...
18) 20) text: Ray faces Abby in front of the door.
18) 21) dialog: ...Truth is, I've felt sick the last  couple of days. Can't eat... Can't  sleep... When I try to I... Abby...
18) 22) text: It's difficult to bring out. Ray's hand gropes for the cr slat on the screen door. Finally:
18) 23) dialog: ...The truth is... he was alive when  I buried him.
18) 24) text: Abby stares. An object materializes in the sky beyond them. It is flip end-over-end in slow motion, moving toward Abby and Ray a the screen door. Abby and Ray, each staring at the other, fail to notice until-- THWACK--it bounces off the screen. Abby starts; Ray doesn't. The spell is broken, Abby pushes hesitantly at the screen door. Ray's hand slides off the cross-slat; he makes no m to stop her.
19) 35) text: Driving. He is gently lit by the light from the dashboard He reaches forward to turn off the radio. The only sound is the hum of the engine and the rhythmic clomping of tir on pavement. The look and sound of the scene are close to those of the first scene of the movie. Ray takes a cigarette out of his pocket and puts it in hi mouth, but leaves it unlit.
19) 49) text: The other car remains still for a moment. White fog float up beyond the red fog created by Ray's brake lights. Finally the car pulls out slowly to the left to pass.
19) 51) text: As the car pulls out into the light from the intersection and Ray's headlights, we see that it is a battered green  Volkswagon. First the car itself, and then its red tail  lights, disappear into the fog.
19) 57) text: Ray glances around at the broken glass lying on the floor His gaze shifts to the safe and the hammer in front of it He walks over to the safe and stoops down.
23) 0) text: Looking toward the window. The room is dark. Through the  window we see the facade of the building across the stree Abby enters frame in the foreground, in silhouette agains the window, and throws an overhead light switch. The brig light reveals Ray standing by the window, looking out.
23) 1) dialog: (abruptly) Turn it off.
24) 0) text: From the roof of the building across the street we are lo down on the facade of Abby's building. Most of its window are dark, but in a brightly lit fourth-floor window we ca clearly see Abby and Ray. A man is on the roof in the foreground, hitching a rifle his shoulder.
25) 0) text: Ray turns from the window which, with the switching on of the overhead light, has become a mirror of the interior o the apartment.
25) 1) dialog: Just turn it off.
27) 0) text: Dark now. Ray still stands by the window, looking out. Ab still stands by the light switch.
27) 1) dialog: (answering a question) No curtains on the windows.
27) 2) text: Abby is clearly apprehensive--about Ray, not about anythi outside.
27) 4) dialog: I think someone's watching.
27) 7) text: Ray turns angrily from the window.
27) 8) dialog: Just leave it off. He can see in.
28) 0) text: Ray and Abby are once again clearly visible. Ray is start across the room.
29) 0) text: Abby takes a fearful step back as Ray strides toward the  light switch, next to her.
29) 2) text: This brings Ray up short. He stares at Abby. It registers that it is him she's afraid of.
29) 3) dialog: You think...
29) 5) dialog: ...Abby. I meant it... when I  called...
29) 8) text: Ray winces. He slowly shakes his head with a pained half- smile.
29) 9) dialog: Because you're scared.
29) 10) text: We hear the dull report of a rifle and the deafening soun of shattering glass. The gun shot hits Ray in the back,  knocking him to the floor. He lies still.
29) 11) text: She stares dumbly down at Ray. She looks slowly up to the window.
30) 0) text: We are looking through the telescopic sight of a high-pow rifle. The rifle sweeps up from Ray's body across the bri lit room, and centers Abby, still staring at the window, the cross hairs.
31) 4) text: Ray is sprawled on the floor in a pool of blood and broke glass.
31) 16) text: Ray is lying still in the darkness. We can hear footsteps approaching up the hallway. Abby enters frame and kneels down next to Ray. She fumble around him briefly in the darkness. The doorknob rattles. Abby freezes, listening, trying to  control her breath. After a moment we hear a scraping at lock. Abby moves to the bathroom adjoining the main room and sh the door behind her.
31) 22) text: He hunkers down closer to Ray.
31) 24) text: He is rummaging through Ray's pockets but comes up empty- handed.
31) 26) text: Visser looks down at Ray, glances around the room, looks  back down at Ray.
33) 1) text: Abby (out of frame) has grabbed it and now THUMP she slam the window down on his wrist, catching it between the win sash and sill. Her other hand flashes across frame to THUNK pin Visser's hand to the sill with Ray's knife.
33) 19) text: Her pearl-handled revolver sits on the shelf just inside door, where Ray left it. It catches the light from the ha
33) 24) text: The window of the apartment, its glass now completely gon lets in streetlight. Ray's corpse is a dark form in the m of the floor. A bright shaft of light slices across the r from offscreen. It glints on the shards of glass that lit the floor, just as in Abby's dream.
33) 49) text: "...In an early draft of the script, Ray, the befuddled  bartender who for want of a more compelling character ser as our story's hero, fled the scene of the tale's protrac central murder and checked into a motel outside of San  Antonio:"
33) 52) dialog: I need a room.
33) 56) dialog: How much extra?
33) 61) dialog: Just a room then.
33) 64) dialog: (after shooting Kyle  an irritated glance) Does he work here?
33) 69) dialog: (gamely) Okay, I'll take the TV option.
33) 71) text: "Looking at this scene now, years later, it strikes us th revising it out of existence, as we did, constituted too  much rewriting. Indeed, the more prosaic scene we replace it with, involving Ray stopped at a traffic light, can be found in the finished script but not in the finished movi It was shot but then deleted in order to more quickly get the carnage, which was the picture's raison d'^etre..." JOEL &amp; ETHAN COEN