73) 3) dialog: You're hoping to get a look at what?
73) 5) dialog: It's up in Central Park, taking a leak. If you hurry, you'll make the supper show. Now get lost. But as she turns, Cass winks, dimpling the corners of her mouth, signaling Joe to follow her.
74) 0) text: Cass holds the DOOR OPEN button till Joe enters the eleva then the doors close with a soft expensive little kllooos and Cass turns with the smile of a very tiny girl...
74) 1) dialog: Hi. ... her lips closing on Joe's as the poodle yaps shrilly their feet. Superimposed, almost subliminally, a golden dollar sign appears, halating like a star, and the bell o pinball machine rings O.S.
75) 0) text: A princess telephone is ringing on a gold and white desk. Cass runs to grab it...
75) 1) dialog: Hello? ... as Joe steps from the elevator, which opens directly Cass's penthouse. Cass beckons him toward her, hooks a fi into his neckerchief and pulls his mouth toward hers whil she talks on the phone.
75) 2) dialog: Morey? Hi-ee, honey... Cass gurgles happily as her free hand unbuckles Joe's garrison belt.
75) 3) dialog: I'm just out of breath, honey, running to catch the phone. As her fingers reach for Joe's zipper, cut to... ... Joe's hand unzipping her dress.
75) 4) dialog: I was walking Baby. Him got to do him goody-goods, right? The poodle tugs at Joe's slacks until they fall. Cass ste her ear to Joe's mouth, shuddering deliciously.
75) 5) dialog: Oh God, oh stop. I can't stand that. I just die... (quickly into phone)
75) 6) text: It's Baby, Morey. Him trying to say hello. Say hello to Morey, Baby. Cass holds the phone toward the yapping poodle, twisting herself against Joe as she wriggles out of her dress, pas the phone from one hand to the other.
75) 7) dialog: Okay, old goosie? Now lookie, when do you want me to meet you? Whatever you say. I'll take a nap, watch TV, you know, kill time. Okay, but just one, a big wet one. Cass hangs up. The poodle yaps hysterically, disentanglin himself from her tumbling dress -- hops onto the couch  glances off and flees again as an overturned lamp crashes O.S.
76) 0) text: The poodle bounces onto the bed -- remaining long enough establish a TV REMOTE CONTROL TUNER lying on the satin coverlet -- then leaps down in panic as he hears Joe and explode into the bedroom, laughing lustily... ... the remote control tuner buried suddenly under the fu flesh of Cass's hip, activating... ... a twenty-five-inch television screen, blasting at ful volume... ... Cass's eyes widening, profoundly impressed...
76) 1) dialog: Ye gods... ... the images and sound of the television set flicking joyfully from channel to channel... ... Joe laughing, engulfed by Cass's abundance... ... Cass wild-eyed, overflowing the frame... ... a gleaming slot machine -- three Sahara cowgirls clic into line for jackpot -- silver dollars overflowing the frame...
78) 0) text: Joe turns away from a small terrace, buckling his belt, glancing off toward the sound of Cass in the shower. He flicks the TV remote control, enjoying his power, ignorin the silent images on the screen -- battle casualties, a pretty girl recommending aspirin, a man's stomach flashin animated pain, starving war refugees, a dog eating pzazz flicking it off to concentrate on the costume jewelry and perfume bottles on Cass's dressing table.
78) 5) dialog: Zip this thing, will you, Tex? Joe zips her dress, follows her to the dressing table, wh she sprays her hair with lacquer.
78) 7) dialog: Oh, poor you. Morey's got terrible ulcers. Cass stretches her upper lip across her teeth and she sme it with, orange lipstick.
78) 9) dialog: (lips stretched)
78) 12) dialog: Said, a person's gotta make a living.
78) 14) dialog: Scuse me, hon, fraid I'm only half here. Maybe you oughta run on along. But why don't you take this phone number? Joe grins, relieved as she takes out a gold lame purse an opens it. He frowns as she folds; it upside down, empty.
78) 15) dialog: Darn! I didn't get to the bank -- Tex -- could you let me have a little coin for the taxi-waxi? Joe stands mute as she cups his chin in her hand, seductively.
78) 16) dialog: You're such a doll. I hate money, don't you? God, it's been fun.
78) 18) dialog: You bastard! You son of a bitch! You think you're dealing with some old slut? Look at me! You think just cause you're a longhorn bull you can get away with this crap? Well, you're out of your mind. I am a gorgeous chick, thirty-one, that's right, you said it! Sobbing suddenly, she throws herself on the bed. Joe stan bewildered by the vastness of her grief.