5) 11) dialog: Y'all,line up and take your turn...
7) 0) text: Joe sings as he soaps himself, "Whoopee ti yi yo, git alo little dogies, for you know New York will be your new hom Sound and image freeze on Joe's open mouth.
8) 0) text: Joe's song continues over a sweating WAITRESS, glancing u
9) 0) text: Wrapped in a towel, singing in front of his dresser mirro Joe sprays himself with deodorant, aiming a last playful blast at the unseen crotch -- freezing song and image as CREDITS continue over... ... a calendar girl on the wall blushing orange, mouth fr in a tiny O, staring wide-eyed. Joe's song continues as.. ... Joe rips the wrapping from a new Stetson and sets it his head, freezing song and image as CREDITS continue.
11) 0) text: Singing as he buttons his new cowboy shirt, Joe interrupt himself to answer Ralph...
11) 1) dialog: Yeah, where's that Joe Buck? ... continuing his song as he pulls up and zips his tight thighed black slacks, freezing song and image for CREDITS
13) 0) text: Joe sings as he pulls on his new cowboy boots, arranging cuffs to show off the yellow sunburst at the ankle, freez song and image for CREDITS.
15) 0) text: Joe hums as he piles a complete wardrobe of cowboy clothe still in their wrappers, into a shiny new suitcase of bla and white horsehide.
15) 1) dialog: Yeah, where's that Joe Buck?
17) 0) text: Joe laughs as he locks his suitcase.
17) 1) dialog: Know what you can do with those dishes? And if you ain't man enough to do it yourself, I'd be happy to oblige... Joe picks up his suitcase, a portable transistor radio, w away from the mirror, then pauses to run a comb through h hair, hook a cigarette at the corner of his mouth and str a match on his thumbnail before he turns back for one admiring glance at himself in the mirror -- proud, exulta ready -- freezing the image as CREDITS END.
18) 0) text: Joe leaves the hotel, carrying his suitcase.
19) 2) dialog: Say, look, uh, I gotta have a word with you, if you got a second.
19) 5) dialog: Don't guess. Just come for my day's pay owing and to tell you I'm heading East. Joe tilts his Stetson as the Waitress appears at the door
19) 8) dialog: Lotta rich women back there...
19) 10) dialog: Men, they mostly faggots.
19) 12) dialog: Well, ain't no use hanging around here.
19) 14) dialog: I got me two hundred twenty-four bucks of flat folding money...  (slaps hip)
20) 0) text: The door marked EMPLOYEES ONLY swings open and Joe appear measuring his effect on the customers and his fellow employees as he crosses the sterile white dining room, observing the drab details of the life he has left behind garbage on greasy dishes, limp food in steam table trays, coffee-soaked cigarette butts, caked mustard and ketchup formica table tops -- two pimply high school girls slurpi suggestive noises after Joe through the straws of empty c glasses. O.S. a Tiomkin-tradition chorus sings, "From thi valley they say you are going -- we will miss your bright eyes and sweet smile for they say you are taking the sunshine..."
21) 0) text: The song ends as Joe comes from the cafeteria "... that brightened our pathway a while."
21) 1) dialog: Tough tiddy, ladies, you had your chance. From a high angle -- Joe starts his long walk toward the depot along the street of a small Western town struggling urbanize itself. The click-clack-click of his boots is lo but somehow lonely The radio at his ear drones grain pric on the Commodity change. Joe's pace slows as he passes...
22) 0) text: ... a gilt-lettered sign in the window, glittering in the sun, momentarily hiding the fact that the shop is deserte Joe grins as he hears remembered sounds and voices incomp flashes, more significant in tone than content a girl giggling sexily -- "Keep your meat hooks off my beauty operators, sugar" -- tinkling noises of a busy beauty par - Sally Buck singing "Hush, little baby, don't say a word Grammaw gonna buy you a mockingbird..." ... a shift of light revealing a row of tarnished driers, broken mirror, a FOR RENT sign in the window. Joe turns toward the bus depot, radio pressed to his ear.
22) 2) dialog: Care to get out your yardstick, gentlemen? At the same moment, a recognizable variant of the "Big Country" theme blares loud.
25) 0) text: Joe sits at the front, opposite the driver, cracking his as he watches the huge billboards streaking by, promising power, happiness and beautiful women if he chooses the ri breakfast food, hair oil or automobile. Joe listens to th humming tires, the roar of the engine, shaking his head.
25) 1) dialog: This is a powerful mothah, ain't it? Ignored by the driver, Joe rises and walks back to his em double seat, glancing around to see what impression he's on his immediate fellow travelers -- an OLD LADY in front him -- a hostile young sailor with acne behind him -- two teeny-boppers flirting with Joe hysterically -- a PALE BL directly across the aisle, smiling at Joe weakly.
25) 4) dialog: Plenty more where that came from.
25) 6) dialog: I only get carsick on boats.  (waits, then)
25) 7) text: But seems to me that's more the fish smell than the bouncing... Joe realizes that her eyes are closed. Mildly depressed, stretches himself across both seats and turns on his radi finds only static and snaps it off. Further depressed, he examines his reflection in the bus window, squeezes a bla head and runs the comb through his hair, picks a piece of tobacco off his tooth and lights a cigarette, watching th flame die in reflection, forgetting to discard the burnt- match as he stares out at a vast lonely prairie, a solita cowboy in the distance, a row of sharecropper shacks apparently deserted, a barefoot little girl motionless at roadside, watching the bus pass. Through this, leading in the next scene, Sally Buck sings softly "... if that mock bird don't sing, Grammaw gonna buy you a golden ring..."
26) 0) text: Sally Buck, relaxing in the middle of a busy day, eyes cl wearily, while little Joe massages her neck. Her song continues over the noises of the busy beauty parlor "... that golden ring turns brass, Grammaw gonna buy you a loo glass..."
27) 0) text: A seedy TRAVELING SALESMAN with badly-fitted dentures and frayed collar has taken the aisle seat next to Joe. As he lectures Joe on salesmanship, he figures his expenses in worn leatherette notebook, nervous fingers and eyes unconsciously revealing the extent of his failure.
27) 2) dialog: Yeah, hell, yeah.
28) 0) text: A gawky, adolescent Joe sits sprawled on the couch, leafi through a magazine while Sally Buck bleaches the roots of young woman's hair.
30) 0) text: Joe is alone again. The Salesman has disappeared. The bus dark, most-passengers trying to sleep. Only one reading l still burns, over the head of the old-Lady in the seat ah of Joe. Joe squirms, restless, trying to lull himself to sleep with the music of a revivalist gospel group on the radio.
30) 4) dialog: Light? The Old Cowhand's "thanks" is lost in a fit of coughing a inhales his first drag. He settles back, wiping his water eyes on a faded bandana.
30) 6) dialog: You throw in Sister Rosella and you got a deal, right, old timer? Joe glances across the aisle. The Old Cowhand manages a faint, humorless smile.
30) 7) dialog: Going far?
30) 9) dialog: I'm bound for New York City. The Old Cowhand reappraises Joe's wardrobe even more curiously.
30) 10) dialog: Ever happen to come across a cowman name of Woodsy Niles? Friend of my grammaw Sally Buck... The Old Cowhand considers, shakes his head. Joe leans bac laughing to himself.
31) 0) text: Little Joe's head is lost in a beat-up cowboy hat, simila the one worn by the old Cowhand. Sally Buck smiles on WOO NILES -- a long-legged cowboy with a shock of black hair who stands at her dressing table, admiring himself in a n Stetson.
32) 0) text: Joe shakes his head, grinning, offering the old Cowhand a cigarette.
32) 1) dialog: Smoke? The old Cowhand shakes his head, showing the rolled cigar Joe lit for him. Joe nods, still bemused.
33) 0) text: Little Joe is cuddled in Sally Buck's arms, under the cov watching Woodsy, sitting cross-legged on the bed, naked except for his Stetson and guitar, singing drunkenly.
35) 0) text: Joe awakens, stiff-necked, momentarily confused. He straightens in his seat as he sees the old Cowhand liftin sweat-stained saddle down from the overhead rack, startin toward the front of the bus. Joe calls after him.
35) 1) dialog: Nice talking to you, old timer. Joe stuffs a stick of gum in his mouth, turns to wave at Old Cowhand through the window as the bus pulls away.
36) 0) text: Woodsy, in his new Stetson, watches Little Joe in his bea cowboy hat, trying to balance on one foot, one leg lifted front of the trough. Woodsy roars with laughter.
37) 0) text: Joe laughs, flushes, checks his hair in the mirror.
39) 0) text: Joe is now sitting in the wide rear seat, between two you MARINES and a group of VETERANS wearing campaign caps and convention buttons, passing a bottle, singing "From the B of Montezuma to the Shores of Tripoli..." Joe follows the conversation between a VETERAN and a MARINE, participatin only because he's sitting beside them, adopting a remembe military stance.
39) 7) dialog: Jesus goddam Christ, I ain't laughed so hard since I was out at Fort Benning, Georgia.
39) 9) dialog: What? Oh, hell no. Motor pool mostly... (shakes his head)
41) 0) text: Joe laughs as he passes the bottle, trying to sing along without knowing the words as the Veterans segue into "Ove hill, over dale, we will hit the dusty trail, as the cais go rolling along..."
42) 0) text: Sally Buck fondly wipes lipstick from Joe's lips.
43) 0) text: Joe slaps one of the Veterans on the back, trying to foll the song into "Off we go, into the wild blue yonder..."
44) 0) text: ANASTASIA clutches a younger Joe, eyes wild, gasping.
45) 0) text: Joe is leaning across the two Marines, staring out of the window as the Veterans switch to "Anchors aweigh, my boys anchors aweigh..."
46) 0) text: A stunning view through the bus window past Joe's reflect
49) 0) text: Joe crowded as the veterans prepare to leave the bus, lif down banners and flags.
54) 0) text: The sign flashes WINS "... ten-ten on your dial!" A torch woman's voice sings from a lonely echo chamber -- introdu a love theme which will haunt Joe throughout the film.
55) 0) text: Joe sets his radio on the dresser, his suitcase on the be then turns to examine his new home -- as anonymous as his Texas hotel room -- but boasting a coin-operated televisi set. Fascinated, Joe inserts a quarter. ... the love song continues over a television talk Show featuring a POODLE WIGMAKER defending his profession agai a Joe Pyne-type PANEL HOST, "...well, I perform a real service, there's a need, so many people, you know, really live in their pets, I mean, lonely, I grant you, but thei feeling is real. They want to lavish as much love, give t as much, yes, pamper them like they were really human children or whatever..."
56) 0) text: Little Joe stares sullenly at an antique TV box while Sal Buck puts her hat on at the fireplace mirror. There is a framed picture of Woodsy Niles on the mantle.
57) 0) text: Joe watches the Panel Host, "... you're a nut case, fella real nut case..."
58) 0) text: Little Joe massaging Sally Buck's neck -- continuing the earlier scene.
59) 0) text: Joe sits on the edge of the bed, watching the poodles pri
60) 0) text: Little Joe stares unblinking at the TV screen as Sally Bu kisses him on the forehead, dressed for the street.
61) 0) text: As a fairy godmother's magic wand removes sticky hair spr from a pretty model's head, Joe's quarter runs out and th screen goes blank. At the same moment, the love song is c off by a singing station break "W-I-N-S NEW YORK" Joe ris flipping the dial of the radio to a cultured woman's voic reading "...the Dow Jones averages, brought you by Morgan Vandercook. Up your income with sound investment counseling..."
61) 1) dialog: Up yours, lady. ... but Joe leaves the lady on, savoring the expensive so of her voice reading the stock quotations. Joe seats hims at the desk, pleased to find a postcard photograph of the hotel. He picks up a ballpoint pen, counts ten floors up the street and marks a huge X -- THIS IS ME, then turns t card over, pen poised over the address blank.
63) 0) text: Joe's pen wavers, starts to write and stops.
64) 0) text: As we saw it last, deserted, a FOR RENT sign in the windo Joe's reflection appears, staring at himself, dressed in dishwasher's clothes.
65) 0) text: Joe stares at the postcard, bemused,
65) 2) dialog: Goddam if I came to this town to write postcards.
67) 0) text: From a low angle -- identical with the postcard photograp an unseen hand scrawls a huge X--- THIS IS ME. Camera zoo up to a close-up of Joe at the window.
68) 0) text: From on high -- as though Joe were watching himself -- th Stetson moves through a crowd of Fifth Avenue shoppers...
71) 0) text: ... passing a window which features a single gem -- pausi as horns blast O.S. and a mod blonde in a stalled sports motions to Joe -- she needs a push. Joe grins, glances at himself in the window, runs a comb through his hair, then turns back to see a cop helping the mod blonde. 
72) 0) text: Joe's heels drag as he walks a deserted block of luxury apartment houses. O.S. The torchy woman's voice sings Joe love theme in counterpoint to the blasting horns, a siren fire bell, a screech of brakes. Joe's spirits rise as he hears the tic-tac-tic of high heels overtaking the heavy click-clack-click of his boots. He adjusts his pace to ar at the corner at the same time as a smart and -- in Joe's eyes -- very RICH LADY. Joe grins boyishly, holding his Stetson over his heart.
72) 1) dialog: Beg pardon, ma'am, I'm new here in town, just in from Houston, Texas, and looking for the Statue of Liberty. The delicate profile gives no signs of hearing. Joe follo her to the parkway in the middle of the avenue. There she stops and turns, neither friendly nor hostile. 
72) 3) dialog: Joking? No, ma'am. Oh no! I mean business!
72) 5) dialog: You sure are a pretty lady. The Rich Lady tries to frown, taken aback, blushing.
72) 7) dialog: No, ma'am, I'm not.
73) 0) text: ... a pair of high-heeled pink slippers, walking a miniat poodle -- slowing slightly, reacting to Joe's cowboy boot they pass, pause and turn back.
73) 2) dialog: Beg pardon, ma'am. I'm brand spanking new to this town, come  from Houston, Texas, and hoping to get a look at the Statue of Liberty...
73) 4) dialog: The Statue of Liberty.
74) 0) text: Cass holds the DOOR OPEN button till Joe enters the eleva then the doors close with a soft expensive little kllooos and Cass turns with the smile of a very tiny girl...
75) 6) text: It's Baby, Morey. Him trying to say hello. Say hello to Morey, Baby. Cass holds the phone toward the yapping poodle, twisting herself against Joe as she wriggles out of her dress, pas the phone from one hand to the other.
76) 0) text: The poodle bounces onto the bed -- remaining long enough establish a TV REMOTE CONTROL TUNER lying on the satin coverlet -- then leaps down in panic as he hears Joe and explode into the bedroom, laughing lustily... ... the remote control tuner buried suddenly under the fu flesh of Cass's hip, activating... ... a twenty-five-inch television screen, blasting at ful volume... ... Cass's eyes widening, profoundly impressed...
78) 0) text: Joe turns away from a small terrace, buckling his belt, glancing off toward the sound of Cass in the shower. He flicks the TV remote control, enjoying his power, ignorin the silent images on the screen -- battle casualties, a pretty girl recommending aspirin, a man's stomach flashin animated pain, starving war refugees, a dog eating pzazz flicking it off to concentrate on the costume jewelry and perfume bottles on Cass's dressing table.
78) 2) dialog: Say, Cass, I, uh, sure have enjoyed being here. Believe it's as fine a time as I've had in my life!
78) 4) dialog: That's good, it is, cause, well I guess I didn't tell you why I came to New York, did I? A tower of black bugle beads emerges from the closet door
78) 8) dialog: Don't know what line Morey's in, but myself now, fact is -- I'm a hustler.
78) 11) dialog: Beg pardon, ma'am?
78) 13) dialog: You sure you heard what I said?
78) 17) dialog: Funny thing, you mentioning money. I was just about to ask your for some... Joe tries to laugh but it sticks in his throat as Cass sp -- an impassioned whisper -- still holding Joe's chin.
78) 19) dialog: Hey. Hey, Cass. Did you think I meant that? Christ, would I be asking you for money with a wad like that riding on my hip? Joe waves his wallet at her, but she only cries louder. H hands her a kleenex. She clutches it to her face, wailing Joe leans over the bed, whispering in her ear:
78) 20) dialog: Hey. You are a gorgeous-looking piece, Cass. Guy gets horny, just looking at you. It's a fact. How much you need for that taxi? Ten? Twenty? There you go. Joe tucks a twenty-dollar bill into her bosom, tilts his Stetson and starts out. Cass blows her nose, looking afte him. O.S. chorus sings, "From this valley they say you ar going -- we will miss your bright eyes and sweet smile...
79) 0) text: From a high angle, Joe walks away from the apartment hous chorus continuing O.S. "... they say you are taking the sunshine that brightened our pathway a while."
80) 0) text: Joe sits at the bar, staring morosely at his image in the mirror, already quite drunk, oblivious to the assorted ty hiding from daylight in the barn-like saloon, waiting for night to fall.
80) 3) dialog: Oh, it ain't cheap. I mean, yeah, I'd say this was an all right shirt. Don't like to, uh, you know, have a lot of cheap stuff on my back. Ratso spits as JACKIE leans on the bar next to Joe -- a feminine young person, heavily made-up, hair teased, wear earrings and a lace-trimmed blouse over shocking pink  le
80) 6) text: More goddam faggots in this town. Reaching for a cigarette, Joe glances at Jackie, startled Jackie twitches his pink levis angrily and turns away.
80) 7) dialog: Shee-it... (shakes his head)
80) 8) text: Kee-rist, you really know the ropes. Wish to hell I bumped into you before. I'm Joe Buck from Texas and I'm gonna buy you a drink, what do you say to that?
80) 10) dialog: (slaps bar)
80) 13) dialog: ... you see what I'm getting at here? She got a penthouse up there with color TV and more goddam diamonds than an archbishop and she busts out bawling when I ask for money!
80) 15) dialog: For money.
80) 17) dialog: I'm a hustler, hell, didn't you know that?
80) 20) dialog: I think you just put your finger on it, I do.
80) 26) dialog: (suddenly)
81) 0) text: Joe has difficulty keening up with Ratso, who swings hims along with surprising agility, his half skipping little g favoring one game leg.
82) 0) text: At,the corner of Central Park South, Ratso points toward young man with diamond cuff-links, sitting with a blue-ha matron who puffs on a small cigar. Ratso waves jauntily a the young man, raising his thumb and forefinger in a circ leaving the young man baffled as Ratso hurries Joe on.
83) 1) dialog: Hey, listen, how about you take me to mee this Mister O'Diddle bird right now?
83) 4) dialog: Hold it, just hold it. You think I'm that kinda sombitch? Just name your cut, whatever you want, you got it right now. Five? Ten, how's that? Joe peels a ten from his wallet and offers it to Ratso.
83) 6) text: ... but when I hand you over to Mr. O'Daniel, I'll have to have another ten, Joe; just to like cover expenses...
84) 0) text: Ratso is on the phone. Joe holds the door open, listening
86) 0) text: As ancient open cage lift rises at the same pace as camer preceding shot. Joe grins excitedly at Ratso, who nods bu glances significantly at the elevator operator. Ratso fol Joe to door as the operator grinds to a stop.  
87) 0) text: Ratso steps out with Joe, gesturing to the corridor...
87) 4) dialog: (digs in wallet)
87) 7) dialog: Now take it. Go on.  (gives it to him)
87) 10) dialog: I mean, dammit, where you live? Ratso leans on the DOWN as the cage grinds slowly down in view and stops. 
89) 0) text: Joe finds 901 at a dark end of the corridor, knocks confidently, hearing a few bars of his love theme as he stuffs a fresh stick of gum in his mouth. Then the door i thrown open by O'DANIEL -- for an instant appearing to we diamond-studded skull-cap, the naked overhead light bulb bright after the dark corridor, halating in Joe's eyes li the earlier dollar sign. 
89) 3) dialog: No sir, I'm no cowboy really, but I'm a first class stud.
89) 6) dialog: You bet I do, sir.
89) 8) dialog: Well, not too, I mean, a little. O'Daniel rises suddenly in a fury of self-righteousness, pacing, his voice simpering, whining sarcastically.
89) 10) dialog: Yessir, I can see that.
89) 12) dialog: Well, uh, I'm raring to go.
89) 14) dialog: Uh, yessir.
89) 16) dialog: Ready for anything.
89) 18) dialog: Gonna be like money from home.
89) 21) dialog: Get down -- where?
90) 0) text: Sally Buck sings with the congregation while a rawboned preacher stands in the river, preparing to immerse little Joe.
91) 0) text: O'Daniel tries to pull Joe down beside him.
92) 0) text: Camera becomes little Joe, glimpsing the fevered faces of Sally Buck and the congregation singing on the riverbank, just before being plunged under the river. O'Daniel's voi reechoes, filtered through water.
93) 0) text: Joe runs in aimless panic, pushing through the crowd, pur by O'Daniel's voice and the singing congregation.
94) 0) text: Joe searches the faces of the crowd, running forward sudd as he sees Jackie and the farmboy picked up by two men in large convertible. Joe chases the car to Eighth Avenue bu stops, frightened as he sees himself in multiple image on front of every newspaper displayed on a newsstand.
95) 0) text: The saloon is almost empty during the after dinner lull. BARTENDER doesn't look up from his newspaper as Joe approaches.
95) 1) dialog: Say, you know that runty little bastard I was with?
96) 0) text: Reflected in the mirror, we see little Joe wildly smashin bottles and glass display cabinets -- the voices of women screaming O.S. -- little Joe hurling a perfume bottle whi shatters the mirror and his own image.
97) 0) text: The empty beer bottle stands where it was. Joe has disappeared. On the TV screen over the bar, sound drowned by the jukebox, we see a blowup of the tabloid photograph revealing a young man very similar to, but clearly not Jo
99) 0) text: The radio at Joe's ear is drowned out by a kid in cowboy shooting alone in the gallery. Two policemen idly slap their thighs with night sticks. J moves on, unconsciously checking the coin return box of a phone.
100) 0) text: Joe's radio is at his ear "... never too late to look gre Ben's Bargain Basement's open 'till five a.m., miles and miles of Western styles, worth more at any store, money t and nobody walks." For the first time, Joe is aware of th other midnight cowboys lurking in doorways, the cruising queens, the middle-age men in sport shirts. Joe moves on consciously as he sees a scar-faced policeman, unconsciou massaging his night stick. Camera holds on a window displ of gag buttons, featuring NEW YORK WILL BREAK YOUR HEART, BABY.
101) 0) text: Joe's radio promises job opportunities for young men eigh to twenty-five in the U.S. Air Force. He stands with a cr staring up at a girl go-go dancing in the window of SERGE PEPPER'S LONELY HEART CLUB.
102) 0) text: By work-light, the tarrier in metal helmet leans on a jac hammer, beyond the sign DIG WE MUST, drowning out Joe's radio.
102) 2) text: Joe's radio continues the super-break commercial while a cook flips flapjacks in the window. But Joe's eyes are on a sign DISHWASHER WANTED. Joe looks and his eyes meet those of the young man scraping garbage behind the counter. It's Joe.
102) 3) dialog: Shee-it.
103) 0) text: Joe watches a young man hold a taxi door for an older lad at the same corner where Ratso waved to another young man The woman's predatory eyes linger momentarily on Joe befo she leads the young man into the Cafe. The two-way radio continues over, "... that's what I do about insomnia."
103) 1) dialog: Well, now, ma'am, next time you got that feeling coming on, you dial Joe Buck. I'll show you what to do...
104) 0) text: Joe's image frozen -- as if another still photograph - standing at the desk, waiting for his key.
104) 3) dialog: Uh, what about my things'n all?
104) 5) text: Room 1014 warm and inviting, Joe's suitcase on the bed.
104) 6) dialog: Listen, tell you what, you can keep all the rest of the goddam junk if you let me have just the suitcase. That suitcase means a lot to me.
105) 0) text: Joe stands outside the hotel, stunned, seeing the bright colored lights turn suddenly grey. The film continues in black and white as Joe walks into the crowd.
107) 0) text: Joe nurses a short beer, like the regulars. He looks up a crippled panhandler approaches, vaguely reminiscent of Ra
107) 1) dialog: Screw off.
109) 0) text: Joe is stretched on a bench, his Stetson over his eyes. A loud speaker announces a bus "departing for Texas" but Jo does not move. A policeman taps Joe's boots with his nigh stick. Joe rises and starts away with mixed anger and apprehension.
110) 0) text: Two matching Ivy Leaguers exchange a glance as they see J washing his feet in the basin. Joe stares back with a belligerent grin.
110) 1) dialog: Any objection, gentlemen?
111) 0) text: Joe balances a cup of coffee, walking past the other soli night people, avoiding each other's eyes. Joe spots what looking for and seats himself next to a gaunt woman and h ten year old son, both freaked out, erratically touching things, themselves, each other in a futile effort to make contact with reality. But Joe is only concerned with the plastic-wrapped crackers left by their empty soup bowls.
111) 2) dialog: Shee-it. ... glancing around with an embarrassed laugh, but the on one looking is a cop, scratching his calf with a night st Joe keeps his back to the customers as he moves to the wa dispenser, wets a paper napkin and tries to wipe away the stain. But the water has only spread the stain across his pants and down his leg. He blushes as a blonde young streetwalker giggles.
112) 0) text: Joe tries to hide the stain with his jacket as he checks coin boxes of vending machines, wary as he passes a burly policeman, abstractedly snapping his handcuffs in front o bakery window display of bride-and-groom wedding cakes. J barely glances at a confused MIDDLE-AGE LADY.
112) 2) dialog: Shuttle. Follow the green light. Automatically,checking the trough of a gum vending machin Joe unexpectedly faces himself in the mirror, the eyes staring at him tired and hopeless. His hand reaches unconsciously for a cigarette, The package is empty. He crumples it in his fist but holds it.
112) 3) dialog: Alright, cowboy. Enough of this shee-it. You know what you got to do?  (nods) Then go do it.
113) 0) text: Joe hurls the crumpled package into a DON'T BE A LITTERBU basket as he emerges from the subway, his radio at his ea The torchy voice belts his love song, merging with street noises crying danger -- an ambulance, a burglar alarm, a policeman's whistle -- the lights flashing lurid color fo the first time since Joe was locked out, no longer promis but threatening, clashing, warning as... ... from a high angle, across the street, Joe joins the o midnight cowboys, offering himself to all comers. His fig is momentarily obliterated by traffic then... ... zooming in, we see Joe self-consciously trying to hid the stain on his pants, embarrassed as a large sedan slow then moves on to stop in front of a motorcycle freak. Joe briefly obliterated again by a passing police car... ... the receding flash of its turret light revealing Joe close conversation with a frightened young FAT BOY, whose eyes plead for reassurance as Joe scowls.
114) 0) text: Joe's black and white suitcase gleams on the bed.
116) 0) text: ... repeating the remembered image of Anastasia and a you Joe, behind the movie screen...
118) 0) text: Joe watches the Fat Boy doubled over, retching.
118) 1) dialog: I'm awful damn sorry you're sick, kid, but you gonna have to gimme that money like you said.
118) 3) dialog: (controls fury) What you got in your pockets? Eagerly, the boy produces a family photograph, a subway token, a dirty handkerchief. Joe grabs his wrist, reveali watch.
118) 4) dialog: How much's that worth?
119) 0) text: Joe sprawls, trying to sleep, his feet on the balcony rai the radio at his ear. On screen, once again, the Martian maiden moves through the spaceman, crying, but we hear th voice of a desperate woman on two-way radio. As she speak policeman moves along the aisle, slapping his palm with h night stick.
120) 0) text: From a high angle, only Joe's Stetson and radio can be se above a passing bus, its side panel advertising BILL BONN STRAIGHT LINE, A STRAIGHT TALK SHOW.
122) 0) text: Joe's fist slams a fender violently, using Ratso's fake injury trick to stop traffic, running across the street toward...
123) 0) text: ... Ratso staring out at Joe, paralyzed in the act of lighting a cigarette -- intercut in flashing close-ups -- outside the window, Ratso inside -- reflecting their conflicting emotions -- Joe's murderous rage -- Ratso's p -- one almost subliminal flash of each revealing somethin like pleasure at finding a long-lost friend...
124) 2) dialog: Oh, I ain't gonna hit you, I'm gonna strangle you to death... The cigarette in Ratso's mouth burns into his lip. He jer spasmodically, choking on smoke as he rips skin away with butt and drops it in his coffee cup.
124) 3) dialog: ... only first I'm gonna turn you upside down and shake you out right here and now. Coughing, eyes tearing, Ratso empties his pockets on the counter, finally producing: sixty-four cents, a few stick gum, an almost empty cigarette package, a book of matches two pawn tickets. He raises his eyes, somehow ashamed. Jo kicks the toe of Ratso's loafer.
124) 4) dialog: What's in your socks?
124) 7) dialog: It's sticky. What you do, slobber on 'em? I wouldn't touch 'em. Joe should leave -- Ratso obviously has nothing tangible offer -- but Joe hesitates, lighting a cigarette as Ratso pulls on his loafers.
124) 9) dialog: You want some free medical advice, shut your goddam mouth about that night.
126) 0) text: Joe turns abruptly and walks away.
126) 1) dialog: Shee-it. I got better things to do than talk to you.
127) 0) text: Joe strides north, pretending he doesn't hear...
127) 2) dialog: Listen, keep away from me, hear? You come near me again, I snatch you bald-headed!
127) 4) dialog: You inviting shee-it.
128) 0) text: A contractor's sign announces LUXURY APARTMENTS AVAILABLE high-rise co-op, under construction beyond a raw of tenem with X's taped on the windows. Ratso's voice continues ov the click-clack-click of Joe's boots and the flip-flap-sq of Ratso's loafers as camera moves toward a condemned building.
130) 0) text: Light from the X window shines on a Florida tourist poste Ratso leads Joe into an abandoned tub-in-kitchen flat, ba furnished with a table and chair, a rumple of blankets on burnt-out mattress.
130) 2) dialog: Comfortable, kee-rist, I slept on subways softer than this. Joe stretches himself, yawning, his eyelids drooping heav The sounds of the city recede. Joe's love theme plays sof on a distant radio. Joe's eyes close momentarily in spite him elf.
133) 0) text: Ratso's face seems to radiate evil as he lights a Sterno Joe forces his eyes half-open.
133) 1) dialog: Smart thing for me to do is haul ass outta here.
133) 3) dialog: You don't seem like no fag...
133) 5) dialog: Want me to stay here, y'after something. What y'after?
134) 0) text: Joe's thumbnail flares a match, exposing Anastasia on the seat with Joe, both nearly naked. Anastasia butterfly-kis Joe's chest as he lights a cigarette.
134) 2) dialog: Okay. I love you. Anastasia purrs as her lips find Joe's breast, trying to nurse. A flashlight flares suddenly through the car windo
135) 0) text: Joe awakens in a cold sweat, fighting the blankets, wild- as he sees Ratso at the table, examining Joe's radio by candle-light. Joe lunges across the room to snatch the ra from Ratso's hands.
135) 2) dialog: Where's my boots -- ?
136) 0) text: Joe facing the crowd, naked except for his boots.
137) 3) dialog: What for?
137) 6) dialog: Well now, Ratso, I'm gonna tell you something for your own good, only first gimme a cigarette. Ratso offers a cigarette from his crushed package, Joe strikes a match on his thumbnail and lights up, staring a Ratso.
137) 7) dialog: You want me to stay here tonight, is that the idea?
137) 9) dialog: Oh. Guess I got the wrong impression. Joe makes a slow move to pull on one boot.
137) 11) dialog: Well, I hope you know what you're in for. I'm a very dangerous person. Someone does me bad like you. If I caught up with you that night, there'd be one dead Ratso long about now. Hear?
137) 13) dialog: So if you want me to hang around for a few days, I thought you should know. Joe yawns, picks up a few blankets and spreads them on th cot. He puzzles out the faded printing on one blanket.
137) 14) dialog: Property of the YMCA. You make me wanna puke sometimes, Ratso. Ratso blows out the candle and wraps himself in blankets.
137) 16) dialog: Shee-it, man, I can't say all that.
137) 18) dialog: Rico! Rico! Rico! Is that enough? (then) And keep your meat hooks off my radio.
138) 2) dialog: Hey, looka here, that ain't nice, picking on a cripple... Joe intervenes just long enough for Ratso to escape, then ambles on, leaving the Greengrocer in frustrated fury. Ca holds on a tray of coconuts.
139) 0) text: Joe lies on his cot, watching Ratso struggle to penetrate fibrous husk of a coconut, experimenting with a variety o rusty tools in an old cigar box.
139) 2) dialog: This is an okay setup you got here, but I'd say you ain't just exactly, uh, flush, is that right or not?
139) 5) dialog: I think finding you's the smartest thing I ever did, for both of us. You just the crooked kinda sneaky little sidewinder I need to get me hustling in this town. Hey! Joe jerks his hand away just in time to avoid the ice-pic The coconut bounces on the floor. Ratso picks it up, hold it, while Joe tries to crack it, swinging his boot like a hammer.
139) 7) dialog: What's all this sweet talk about Florida? Your friend O'Daniel got a stable down there now? Joe swings violently. Ratso yelps, hopping on his one goo leg, sucking his thumb.
139) 10) dialog: Well, I am dumb, that's for sure. I don't talk right. I can't think too good. Just only one thing I ever been good for's loving. Women go crazy for me. Fact. Crazy Annie. Had to send her away. So I don't cash in on that, what am I? I'm shee-it. May's well flush me down that hole with the dishwater. Joe sets the coconut on the floor, holding it with both h while he tries to smash it with the heel of his boot.
139) 11) dialog: That's why you gonna stop crapping about Florida and get your skinny butt moving to earn twenty bucks worth of management you owe me...
140) 0) text: The suitcase lies open, displaying Joe's wardrobe.
141) 0) text: Joe slams his heel down. The coconut shoots out from unde him and he lands on his ass.
141) 2) dialog: You talk like a man with a tin twat. Ratso sets the coconut on the window sill, balancing it a raises the X window.
141) 4) dialog: Well, uh, my manager's gonna manage all that crap, or else he gonna get a coconut up his flue. Joe slams, the window down. The coconut flies down to cra O.S. on the sidewalk below.
143) 0) text: Joe stands naked in the middle of traffic. A siren shrill Anastasia, catatonic in a hospital smock, moves toward Jo like a sleepwalker, passing through him.
144) 0) text: Wearing only his boots, Joe sits like an Indian chief, wrapped in a blanket -- angle widening to show Ratso, spotting Joe's jacket, slacks and shirt with cleaning flu his eyes on a very pregnant Italian lady. As she starts t load a coin cleaning machine, Ratso intervenes solicitous speaking in Italian...
145) 0) text: Joe and Ratso stand waiting at the counter.
146) 0) text: The rhythmic duet of boots and loafers follows Joe and Ra - checking coin boxes and telephone booths -- till they r a shoeshine stand, locked for the night. They loiter till young couple has disappeared, then Joe kicks loose 'the padlock on the equipment drawer, mounts one of the chairs Ratso goes to work on his boots with furious expertise, flourishing double brushes, snapping the rag like a jazz drummer.
146) 1) dialog: Hey, you're good! I bet you could pick up a living at this if you tried.
147) 0) text: Joe is seated in a straight-back chair near the X window, towel tucked around his neck as Ratso trims his hair, alm as expert a barber as shoeshine boy.
147) 2) dialog: Kee-rist, you pretty damn clever for a skimpy little gimp.
147) 4) dialog: Don't rush me. How I do it, see, I get myself primed, like I was turning on the charm for some pretty little blonde lady, then kinda mosey away slow and easy and  - swing around! -- and there you are, you handsome devil. Joe performs his ritual as he speaks, but more relaxed, faintly laughing at himself with Ratso. The wall mirror h been added since we last saw the flat, along with a legle overstuffed chair with burnt-out cushions, a tasselled ta cover, pinups, calendar girls and several new Florida tou posters, Ratso moves to Joe's side, arranging the neckerchief, nodding.
147) 6) dialog: What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna make a cowboy outta you, kid. How about that? Build you up a little, teach you couple little tricks'n turn y'out to stud, Rat-stuff. Joe slaps his hat on Ratso's head, tilts it, hooks Ratso' thumbs in his jeans and shoves a cigarette into the corne Ratso's mouth. Ratso laughs till he chokes -- for one instant, self-consciously, mimicking Joe -- then removes hat and reaches for his threadbare black raincoat.
147) 7) dialog: Okay, you got yourself one handsome, sweet-smelling cowboy, strut your stuff...
148) 0) text: Joe and Ratso peer down through a basement bay window, in the office of THE PERFECT GENTLEMAN ESCORT SERVICE -- endorsed by leading travel agencies and credit clubs offe discreet companionship and personal guided tours in any language. A large-busted matron, on a French phone, fills a memo and hands it to an immaculate young ESCORT, who sl the memo into his topcoat pocket as he comes from the off and hails a cab. Ratso darts forward, limping exaggerated holding the door, lifting the memo as he brushes off the Escort's topcoat. The young man waves him away with out a tip. Ratso slams the door and bites his thumb after the c unfolding the memo as he joins Joe on the sidewalk.
152) 0) text: Joe starts up the stairs, two at a time. A BELLHOP grabs
153) 0) text: Ratso warms his hands at a chestnut vendor's cart, seeing ... zoom close-up, a lady in a window grabbing Joe.
154) 0) text: Joe picks up a house phone, watched by the Bellhop.
155) 0) text: Ratso sees Joe zip from room to room in wild animation.
156) 0) text: The lobby watches Joe blow a gum bubble at the elevator.
158) 0) text: ... Ratso, like a model in a travel poster, in gaudy spor shirt, talking on the phone against a background of hotel ... Ratso like James Bond, surrounded by bikinis, dictati while girls serve coconut milk and massage his game leg.. ... Ratso like George Raft, in evening clothes, running a posh casino, flicking a coin... ... Ratso simply himself, dressed as he is, sitting on th beach, at peace in the sun... ... the same identical picture with Joe sitting beside Ra
159) 0) text: Joe faces MISS BEECHAM, a reserved and rather plain young lady in evening dress, She tries to speak softly.
161) 0) text: Miss Beecham is flushed with humiliation, the entire lobb watching Joe in the hands of two bellboys.
161) 1) dialog: I want my money, goddamit, you owe me my money whether you get laid or not, lady, shee-it!
163) 0) text: A police prowl car slows in front of the hotel. Ratso swi across the street with incredible speed to meet Joe as he tossed onto the sidewalk. Ratso picks up the Stetson and brushes it off, then helps Joe to his feet.
165) 0) text: ... Joe and Ratso frozen -- rain on the X windowpane free into sheet ice. O.S. a radio commercial plays warm, sentimental music while a voice explains how easy it is to heat with Humble oil.
166) 0) text: Joe and Ratso frozen in a narrow shaft of sunlight, watch the huge metal ball demolish the building next door. O.S. radio announcer sells FROZEN SUNSHINE ORANGE JUICE.
167) 0) text: Joe and Ratso frozen, staring significantly at Joe's radi O.S. a singing commercial, "Don't wheeze and sneeze the winter away! Drink Frozen sunshine every day!" 
168) 0) text: Through the window -- Joe and Ratso watch the pawnbroker examine Joe's radio, "Be healthier, wealthier, life can b fine, when you drink Frozen" -- Sunshine is clicked off b the pawnbroker.
169) 0) text: Joe and Ratso frozen, wrapped in blankets as... ... the canned heat dies with a faint puff... ... water dripping in the tub-sink freezes into an icicle ... the candle burns down and out, leaving the screen dar
170) 0) text: Joe and Ratso warm themselves on the smoke and steam risi from a subway grating -- watching two officials in fur collared coats inspect the front of their X flat building Reading their doom, Joe and Ratso, continue on, disappear into the subway.
171) 0) text: Joe stands alone, watching the midnight cowboys ply their trade. Camera pulls back as Joe turns away and enters a s front blood bank, offering ten dollars to blood donors.
171) 1) text: A huge hypodermic fills the frame, sucking Joe's blood. O Ratso coughs uncontrollably.
172) 0) text: Ratso leans over the tub-sink, dry-heaving while he cough wearing a sheepskin coat much too large for him. He contr the cough with effort -- hearing the door open and close -- wipes his mouth and turns to grin at... ... Joe, trying to light the empty Sterno can, deliberate ignoring Ratso. Ratso shrugs, washes his mouth at the fau finds a cigarette butt and lights it, careful to avoid inhaling the first puff.
172) 1) dialog: Shee-it. Cough yourself inside out, then light a fag, a goddam fag. You make me puke. Where'd you steal it? In the movies?
172) 3) dialog: Who'd you ever do a favor for? You just let some poor bastard freeze to death, wouldn't you? Joe slams ten dollars on the table. Ratso glances at Joe curious concern.
172) 5) dialog: Forty-second Street. Where'n hell you think it come from?
172) 7) dialog: Wear it yourself. I wouldn't put it on my back. Joe throws it back at Ratso.
172) 9) dialog: Go get your medicine. Before you die on my goddam, hands...
173) 0) text: High angle -- Joe and Ratso cross an foot, chilled by win neither wearing the sheepskin coat. The Queens riverfront factories appear cold and bleak, deserted on Sunday.
175) 0) text: Ratso leads Joe past a Negro family at a grave -- glances around -- snatches an elaborate floral piece from a heads and hides it under his black raincoat as he darts toward low dividing wail and swings himself over into...
176) 0) text: ... an endless section of plain stone markers. Joe touche his hat to two nuns, guiltily hurrying to overtake Ratso ibis father's grave, indistinguishable from the other gra except for the name on the headstone. Ratso places the fl piece on the grave with almost absurd solemnity. Joe laug
176) 1) dialog: Kee-rist, you sure are one twisty little bastard, Ratso.
176) 3) dialog: Respect shee-it! You even steal flowers for his grave.
176) 5) dialog: Well, uh, he dam well know he ain't 'be-loved Aunt Winifred'.
176) 7) dialog: My Grammaw Sally Buck, she died without letting me know.
178) 0) text: Joe frowns, puzzled, as Ratso pulls out a black skullcap, leading Joe toward a group of professional mourners, whispering:
179) 0) text: A weary Santa Claus, in a rented beard and over-large costume, warms his hands over the steam of his coffee cup Joe and Ratso are arguing farther down the counter.
179) 1) dialog: Just ain't right, cheating someone dead and can't cheat back. In the background, as Ratso speaks, HANSEL and GRETEL MACALBERTSON enter the lunch counter, inspecting the customers one by one. Both wear black turtlenecks and jea dressed as twins, both blond and pretty.
179) 4) dialog: You wanna read something, read this. I been invited somewhere. Shocking pink letters on the black card read YOU ARE INVI
179) 7) dialog: They picked me. The only one in the whole goddam place. You see how they looked me over, up and down before they give me that?
179) 9) dialog: Well, this thought just struck me. It wasn't too long ago I was washing dishes way the hell somewhere in Texas.
179) 11) dialog: Now I'm here. I'm in New York City. Getting picked for things. Don't you see what I'm driving at?
179) 13) dialog: Did I say that? Did I?  (studies card) It don't say nothing about you...
179) 15) dialog: But they picked me, right? So what I'll do, I'll just say, now look, you want me? Well, I don't go nowhere without my buddy here.
180) 0) text: Snow swirls in the aureole of a street light as Joe and R run, heads lowered, turning into...
181) 0) text: ... a drab entrance hall, dimly lit -- signs identifying various commercial tenants -- a pink-on-black placard rea MACALBERTSON, TWO FLIGHTS UP. Joe has started up before h notices Ratso, leaning on the bannister at the foot of th stairs, struggling to catch his breath. His face and hair wet with perspiration, his lips lavender-blue. In swift flashes -- intercut -- Joe reads the panic in Ratso's eyes, so intense that Joe shares it, unable to sp or offer reassurance.
181) 1) dialog: Better dry your hair some. You sweating all over the goddam place. Joe pulls out his shirttail, grabs Ratso by the neck and his head dry.
181) 2) dialog: You got a comb?
181) 4) dialog: Few dozen cooties won't kill me, don't guess. Joe hands Ratso his own comb. Ratso swipes at his tangled hair angrily until two teeth break in the comb. He hands comb back, tugs at his hair with his fingers, pats it in place, then looks back into Joe's eyes.
182) 0) text: A bank of lights blinds Joe and Ratso as they enter -- electronic rock blasts their ears -- a bearded cameraman step-ladder photographs them as they stand confused -- fa a monstrous collage of tabloid photos blown up, showing t murder of a hippie known as Groovy -- in-huge black lette LOVE WAS GROOVY -- GROOVY IS DEAD. Joe shouts over the amplified music.
182) 1) dialog: Better get a hold of someone and tell them I'm here. Ratso points to his ear -- he can't hear -- following Joe across the room. The huge loft is crowded with a random selection, gathered to serve as dress extras in an underground film. The party is the scene. The MacAlbertso merely supply the ingredients and allow it to happen, wit cameras strategically placed to record the happening... ... Hansel with tape recorder, Gretel with hand-held came drifting through the crowd -- catching words and images i detached, whimsical fashion. Gretel turns her camera on J and Ratso as they approach.
182) 2) dialog: Well, I made it. This here is Ratso Rizzo and I...
182) 6) dialog: Shee-it, this is one helluva party! ... glancing around at the others, imitating their techni -- the quick inhaler, who follows with sharp gulps of air the deep inhalers who draw air as they inhale -- the styl who lets the smoke drift out and inhales through the nost -- Joe puffing himself slightly dizzy, starting to laugh the silent flick effect of the strobe light -- the action around him slowing almost imperceptibly, overcranked -- a veil of smoke hanging over the fat woman's face, transfor her into a laughing witch -- a similar veil around Joe's head, relaxing the self-conscious tension of his face, spontaneously curious about the play of light on his hand grinning at... ... a serious young technician handling the light show, scattering psychedelic stars across a sky of magenta fles ... Joe reaching for the stars as he rises and wanders ba to the crowded loft, fascinated to see... ... a crew with cameras and lights, on the balcony at one of the loft, photographing the scene below... ... a dark-haired lady by the name of SHIRLEY -- chic in style of a gangster's moll -- drinking beer from the bott predatory eyes searching the crowd... ... Ratso surreptitiously stuffing his pockets from the buffet table, glancing nervously over his shoulder, unawa of Gretel and her hand-held camera, photographing Ratso a steals, turning away casually, disinterested... ... Joe laughing as he dances for a moment with a tall bl girl -- the lights swinging around them -- faces swimming ... Shirley in fleeting close-up, gone in an instant, reappearing...
183) 0) text: ... her face in the mirror smiling in a dark, provocative -- Joe standing at the bathroom door, forgetting to be embarrassed as Shirley turns away from the mirror, unhurriedly, running her fingers through her hair, boldly meeting Joe's eyes.
183) 2) dialog: Yeah, oh yeah.
184) 0) text: Joe realizes he is back at the party, Ratso whispering hoarsely.
184) 7) dialog: Well, I ain't a f'real cowboy, but I'm one hell of a stud! Shirley glances at Ratso, who nods, whispering in her ear
185) 2) dialog: Tell her, Ratso.
186) 0) text: At the foot of the stairs, Shirley kisses Joe violently.
186) 4) dialog: Well, if you're awright, why you hanging on the bannister. Can you walk or not?
186) 7) dialog: Sure you're all right?
187) 0) text: Joe and Shirley are kissing. Shirley rolls away, flushed, fanning herself. Joe rolls down the window.
188) 0) text: Joe leans out of the taxi window, waving his Stetson, bellowing at the snow.
188) 1) dialog: Whoopee ti yi yo...!
190) 0) text: Joe lies on his back, staring fixedly at a fragile mobile hanging from the ceiling, stirring listlessly.
190) 2) dialog: Well, that's something never happened to me before, you can bet your bottom dollar. Uh, where's the matches, ma'am?
190) 4) dialog: First goddam, time it ever quit on me. Fact. The repressed laugh finally breaks through. Shirley stifl it quickly as Joe sits up, looking at her.
190) 5) dialog: You think I'm lying!
190) 9) dialog: I ain't sleepy.
190) 11) dialog: Shee-it... ... camera pulling back to show Joe concentrating on a ga spread out on the sheet, consisting of nine dice lettered all sides, the object being to build as many words as possible, Scrabble fashion, while a sand timer counts the seconds. Shirley watches Joe's efforts to think with sympathetic amusement. The only word Joe has composed so is MAN.
190) 13) dialog: What? It's a perfectly good word, ain't it. How much time I got? (glances up) Goddam sand thing drive you crazy. Kee-rist. Spelling never was a very strong point with me. Even in school.
190) 15) dialog: Talking helps. Don't talk, you get muddled in your head. Hey! Now you just look at this here! Joe spells out MONY, down from the M in MAN.
190) 17) dialog: M-O-N-Y -- I'm right! That's just exactly how they spell it up there on that big building, bet you could see it from here. M-O-N-Y.
190) 19) dialog: Y -- what in hell starts with Y? Shirley slyly trails the tips of her fingernails across J chest as she leans over to study the game, breathing soft into his ear as she speaks.
190) 21) dialog: Cut it out. That's cheating, teasing me so I can't think. Just one bitsy Y word and I gonna beat you!
190) 23) dialog: Beat your butt, you don't lemme think!
190) 25) dialog: I show you what problem -- But the end of his sentence is swallowed by Shirley, taki his kiss in her open mouth, crushed by its impact, an ani noise snarling deep in her throat -- the agonized alley c wail of pleasure -- Joe's problem is solved. Joe's love t swells triumphant. At the same time, Shirley half-rises, trying to force Joe's head down, her own on top. The issu joined. Shirley has named the game. Her objective is to f Joe onto his back. Joe's objective is to retain his initiative. Camera ignores the classic action on the cent front, concentrating exclusively on peripheral tactical maneuvers... ... Joe's elbows pinning her shoulders... ... her eyes bright, accepting the challenge... ... his tight smile revealing clenched teeth... ... her fingers searching out then tickling his underarm. ... Joe laughing as he falls lopsidedly... ... Shirley laughing triumphantly... ... his hand closing on her wrist... ... her talon-nails clawing the air... ... her toes walking up his calf... ... her legs suddenly locking around his knees... ... her free hand grabbing his hair... ... her shoulder rising as she forces his head back... ... her lips pressing down on his... ... his hand swatting an unidentified mass of flesh... ... her eyes popping, teeth clamping his ear lobe... ... his hand catching her ankle... ... her teeth losing the ear lobe as she screams... ... her foot appearing upside down beside her face... ... her talon-nails furrowing flesh, drawing blood... ... his head rearing back, roaring... ... both rolling to the floor, out of view... ... her feet suddenly flying up into view... ... her hand tugging rhythmically at the blanket... ... her other hand wildly exploring Joe's back... ... her ankles locking spasmodically... ... her eyes and mouth wide, gaping... ... the blanket suddenly ripping free, flying into the ai her arm flings itself around Joe... ... the bedclothes spilling down around them, muffling he ascending shrieks.
191) 0) text: Shirley has difficulty reverting to her nine-to-five role a Madison Avenue career girl. Half-dressed for work, she talking on the telephone, her eyes on the open door to th bathroom, through which Joe's voice continues singing.
192) 0) text: Thoroughly shaved, bathed and groomed, Joe is sprinkling expensive cologne into his boots. He yells back enthusiastically.
192) 1) dialog: Well, lemme think now, Thursday, eight-thirty, yeah, I guess I could be available. Hell, yeah.
193) 0) text: Shirley turns back to the phone. Joe appears, grinning.
194) 0) text: ... Joe slaps a bill on the counter, admiring a fine new cowboy shirt in the mirror, wriggling new white socks int his boots. Suddenly remembering, he goes to the sock rack buys two pairs, one large and one small. Gradually dominating, Joe's love theme recurs, continuing over...
195) 0) text: ... Joe slaps down money to pay for an assortment of medicine.
196) 0) text: Joe takes the stairs two at a time to burst in on...
197) 0) text: ... Ratso huddled in the overstuffed chair -- wearing the stolen sheepskin coat -- wrapped in blankets, his teeth chattering, in spite of the sweat on his forehead. Joe st abruptly, his mood shattered by Ratso's alarming conditio They simply stare at each other for a moment, then Joe tu away to see soup heating on the Sterno stove. Joe tosses of his paper bags onto Ratso's lap...
197) 1) dialog: See what you think of that crap. I'll pour your soup. Got some of that junk you like to swill, too. Mentholatum. Aspirin. All that shee it... Ratso opens the paper bag, trying to control his shiverin pulling out the socks and a suit of long underwear. He se Joe watching him for a reaction. The best Ratso can do is slight shake of his head.
197) 2) dialog: They wrong?
197) 4) dialog: You couldn't lift fly specks from a sugar bowl. Can you hold this? Joe hands Ratso the soup. Ratso seems steadied by the war in his hands. He nods, sipping the soup.
197) 6) dialog: Yeah.
197) 8) dialog: And what?
197) 10) dialog: What of?
197) 12) dialog: Who?
197) 14) dialog: Okay. Here it is. You gonna go see the doctor. I got nine bucks and twenty more Thursday and I gonna be riding high before you know it. So you gonna get you the best goddam doctor in this town and get yourself straightened out, that's what.
197) 16) dialog: Well, just exactly what the hell you think you're gonna do? Die on me?
197) 18) dialog: You know what's wrong with you? You got fevers. You kinky as a bedbug. How you gonna get to Florida?
197) 20) dialog: Just when everything's going my way, you gotta pull a stunt like this.
197) 22) dialog: When I put you on that bus down to Florida tonight, that'll be the happiest day of my life!
198) 0) text: Joe strikes a match with his thumbnail and watches it cur away while he waits, hearing a phone ring. Then the phone answered by a woman's voice.
198) 1) dialog: Hey, Shirley... Miss who? Oh, yeah, well, when will Missus Gardner be home? ... I'm a friend of hers, a goddam good friend... Shee-it, I can't wait till then... Joe hangs up while the answering service's voice is still talking. The match has burned out. Joe flips it away.
199) 0) text: Joe loiters outside a gag headline print shop, his eyes following a man in homburg and chesterfield.
200) 0) text: Joe lingers momentarily, identifying with the violence in jazz drummer, his eyes searching for a pickup.
201) 0) text: Joe tests his skills in a shoot-down with a large metal cowboy and kills him, a recorded voice sneaks, "Got me!" the cowboy slumps. Joe glances off as he hears polite applause...
202) 0) text: Towny's face appears huge at Joe's shoulder.
203) 0) text: Joe hardly notices O'Daniel on a far cornet, his whining scarcely audible. "Ye are the salt of the earth, Jesus said, but if the sal hath lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted?"
206) 0) text: The room has little to recommend it except its size and l French window, through which -- ignored by Joe -- the Mut tower flashes MONY. Towny waves Joe toward the couch, qui slipping several physical culture magazines from the coff table onto a shelf beneath.
206) 2) dialog: Gin's okay.
207) 0) text: Joe carries Ratso down the stairs, wrapped in a blanket.
208) 0) text: The coffee table is littered with empty cartons of Chines food, soaked through with brown sauce. Joe finds the last roll and eats it as Towny's voice drones on.
208) 2) dialog: What? Towny's dialogue moves out of sync. Towny's eyes seem to into camera -- from Joe's viewpoint -- but slightly past The quality of the scene grows increasingly disjointed as glances around the room, looking for something to steal, losing personal contact with Towny, viewing him as an obj to be used for a specific purpose.
209) 0) text: Ratso sits an a stoop while Joe hails a cab.
210) 0) text: Towny's voice is only a shrill monotone from here, Joe searches with increasing desperation for something of val An old electric razor is too bulky for Joe's pocket, prob worthless anyhow. Towny's array of medicines merely recal Joe's purpose.
211) 0) text: Joe lifts Ratso from the taxi and carries him inside.
212) 0) text: Joe is rehearsing the speech in the bathroom mirror.
212) 1) dialog: Well, he is, he's sicker'n shee-it. And I've gotta get him South quick as I can...
213) 0) text: Joe stands in a long line, glancing impatiently at the cl while Ratso waits on a bench, wrapped in his blanket.
214) 2) dialog: What d'you want?
214) 4) dialog: What you got me up here for?
214) 6) dialog: You want me to leave?
214) 8) dialog: I'm going to Florida.
215) 0) text: Joe's face is expectant, next in line at the ticket windo He nods reassuringly toward Ratso.
216) 0) text: Joe's face is puzzled then angry as Towny takes a Saint Christopher medal from his sack and hands it to Joe. His are looking past Joe, his speech out of sync.
217) 0) text: It's Joe's turn. The clerk looks at him expectantly.
218) 0) text: Joe's voice is angry.
218) 1) dialog: Listen, I gotta have money.
218) 4) dialog: (takes the bill) I gotta have more'n ten. I gotta have fifty-seven dollars.
218) 6) dialog: Get outta my way.
218) 8) dialog: Let go. Let go of the table. Joe slaps him, but Towny clings more fiercely to the tabl Joe tries to jerk it free. Joe strikes him with his fist.
218) 11) dialog: You wanna gimme fifty-seven dollars or you wanna busted skull? Towny simply stares at the lamp.
218) 12) dialog: Please let go of that table. Joe threatens, swings the lamp down, but stops short of hitting Towny. Towny shrieks -- eyes rolling back as he f limp -- loosing his grip on the table, leaning on the bed laughing and crying hysterically. Joe has to step over hi reach the wallet in the drawer. He takes all the money -- probably twice what he needs -- desperate to get out of t room.
219) 0) text: Joe carries Ratso up the steps onto the bus.
222) 0) text: ... Joe is about to hang the dead receiver on its hook wh on sudden impulse -- he shoves the small end of the recei into the toothless mouth of the man on the floor.
224) 0) text: Joe and Ratso sit near the rear of the bus. Ratso's teeth chatter, wrapped in the blanket.
224) 3) dialog: These guys're good drivers.
224) 5) dialog: Yeah.
226) 0) text: Joe and Ratso have reversed places, putting Ratso by the window. Joe watches a middle-aged couple try on their new straw hats, unaware that Joe is watching them.
226) 2) dialog: How'n hell a dumb Bronx kid like you know that?
226) 4) dialog: Shee-it. You believe all you read?
228) 0) text: Two aging young ladies in brand-new resort wear are casua examining Joe, along with the other men on the bus, but J is frowning at Ratso, who shivers despite the bright sun.
228) 1) dialog: If you have to shiver, why don't you pull the blanket up more?
228) 3) dialog: Keep the goddam blanket on.
228) 5) dialog: Sounds like they knew you.
230) 0) text: Joe frowns in his sleep, awakens, lifts his Stetson to se Ratso wide awake, in misery, wiping tears from his eyes.
230) 1) dialog: Hey -- whatsa matter?
230) 3) dialog: You're what?
230) 5) dialog: Hell, don't cry about it!
230) 8) dialog: (nods, laughing) You just -- just -- what happened, you just had a little rest stop wasn't on the schedule. Ratso begins to laugh with Joe as if it were the funniest thing they'd ever heard. Then Ratso's face pales as he st to choke and cough. Joe pats him on the back.
230) 9) dialog: Hey, what size pants you wear?
231) 0) text: The bus is parked in the distance. Joe comes from a cloth store, bare-headed, wearing plain slacks and sport-shirt. carries the boots, Stetson and cowboy suit in one hand, a bundle under his arm. He dumps his cowboy regalia in the trash bin of a sandwich stand and calls to the WAITRESS.
231) 1) dialog: Couple crullers'n coffee to go. The Waitress draws coffee, wraps crullers.
231) 3) dialog: New York. Joe pays. She smiles, gives him change. Joe smiles, start toward the bus, hardly aware that he has accomplished something rare and remarkable for Joe -- a simple human contact without fear or threat, a pleasant everyday happening.
232) 0) text: Joe and Ratso have moved to the seat farthest back, wider than the others. Joe blocks the view of the other passeng as he helps Ratso into a new pair of corduroy pants and a Florida shirt. In the middle of the operation, Ratso doze off. Joe shakes his head, scowling, annoyed, but continue lifting Ratso enough to slide the pants around his waist. Ratso awakens as Joe zips the fly.
232) 2) dialog: I'm zipping your fly, what the hell you think I'm doing? They both smile. It isn't funny enough to laugh at. Joe arranges the blanket, takes out a package of cigarettes, glances at Ratso and puts it away.
233) 0) text: Ratso's eyes squint in a dazed half-sleep. Joe leans acro to pull down the shade. He hesitates a moment, watching.. ... past his reflection, a group of young men on their wa work, carrying lunch pails, dressed exactly as Joe is now dressed... ... then Joe lowers the blind and seats himself. Ratso no slightly, his voice practically inaudible.
233) 2) dialog: Shee-it, you know, I got this thing all figured out, Ratso. I mean Rico. When we get to Miami, what I'll do, I'll go to work. I gotta do that, 'cause see, I ain't no kind of a hustler. I ain't even any goddam good as a bum. I'm a nothing, that's what I am. So reckon I'd better go to work and get me a goddam job. Okay? Joe glances at Ratso, but there is no response. Surreptitiously, Joe takes out a cigarette, turns his fac away from Ratso and lights it, hiding it cupped in his ha as he smokes.
233) 3) dialog: Yeah, guess that's what I'm gonna do. They ride for a moment in semi-darkness, Joe smoking, loo at the other people on the bus, brighter without the shad down. Joe turns, checking the blanket around Ratso, notic that Ratso is sitting in a peculiarly stiff, awkward position. Joe leans over to straighten Ratso's head, bloc our view for a moment. Then Joe leans back, frowning, thoughtful. We still do not see Ratso's face. Joe rises slowly, starting forward in the bus... ... passing an older couple, a schoolgirl, two ladies wit straw hats, a young man trying to read, pausing when he reaches... ... the DRIVER, staring out at the Sunshine Parkway with Driver, leaning over so he won't have to speak too loudly
233) 5) dialog: My friend's dead in the back seat.
233) 7) dialog: Dead. Dead as a doornail.
233) 12) dialog: Close them?
233) 15) dialog: No, sir. Not till Miami. I'll see to burying then. The Driver moves to the front and turns to the passengers
234) 0) text: Joe sits stiffly, very frightened, as the bus starts on. he glances at Ratso, frowning, reaches out an arm and put around Ratso, settling back, staring straight ahead.