80) 2) dialog: That is one hell of a shirt. I bet you paid a pretty price for it, am I right?
80) 5) dialog: (a stage whisper)
80) 9) dialog: Enrico Rizzo from the Bronx. Don't mind if I do.
80) 14) dialog: For what?
80) 16) dialog: For money for what?
80) 18) dialog: How would I know? You gotta tell a person these things  (shakes his head)
80) 21) dialog: My friend O'Daniel. That's who you need. Operates the biggest stable in town. In the whole goddam metropolitan area. A stud like you  - paying! -- not that I blame you -- a dame starts crying, I cut my heart for her...
80) 24) dialog: The name is Rizzo.
80) 29) dialog: That's okay, Joe. I'm used to these types that like to pick on cripples. Sewers're full of 'em.
81) 0) text: Joe has difficulty keening up with Ratso, who swings hims along with surprising agility, his half skipping little g favoring one game leg.
81) 1) dialog: Look, with these chicks that want to buy it, most of 'em are older, dignified, right? Social register types. They can't be trotting down to Times Square to pick out the merchandise. They need a middleman, right? That's O'Daniel. Joe hesitates as Ratso darts into traffic against a red light, yelling unheard obscenities at a cab driver who bl his horn. Joe runs recklessly forward as Ratso slams the fender with his fist, pretending to be hit, falling into Joe's arms. The taxi stops, halting traffic. Ratso, recov strolls casually in front of the cab, biting his thumb at driver.
81) 2) dialog: It is a crime, a stud like you passing out double sawbucks to a chick like that. With proper management you should be taking home fifty, a hundred bucks a day. More if you wanta moonlight...
82) 0) text: At,the corner of Central Park South, Ratso points toward young man with diamond cuff-links, sitting with a blue-ha matron who puffs on a small cigar. Ratso waves jauntily a the young man, raising his thumb and forefinger in a circ leaving the young man baffled as Ratso hurries Joe on.
82) 1) dialog: Him I placed with O'Daniel just two weeks ago. And look. Not much of a stud either, what I hear...
83) 0) text: Ratso automatically checks the coin return boxes of the p booths they pass. Walking the park side of the street, looking across at the limousines and taxis waiting outsid luxury hotels and apartment buildings.
83) 2) dialog: Well, Joe, you're a nice guy, and I'd be doing you both a favor, but why? What'm I dragging my bum leg all over town for? It's no picnic and what for, for me myself, what? Ratso stops opposite the Plaza hotel, pointing across at aristocratic blonde stepping out of a Rolls Royce.
83) 3) dialog: Tomorrow when some piece like that's scratching your back in a Fifth Avenue townhouse, where'll your pal Rizzo be? Nedicks.
83) 5) dialog: Joe, please. You know what I'd ask anyone else? Oh hell, tell you what I'll do, I'll take the ten... (he does)
84) 0) text: Ratso is on the phone. Joe holds the door open, listening
84) 1) dialog: This boy is just your meat, Mr. O'Daniel, believe it, I'm telling you -- what? -- Enrico Rizzo from the Bronx. The point is he needs you. Right now. Tonight... (aside to Joe)
86) 0) text: As ancient open cage lift rises at the same pace as camer preceding shot. Joe grins excitedly at Ratso, who nods bu glances significantly at the elevator operator. Ratso fol Joe to door as the operator grinds to a stop.  
87) 0) text: Ratso steps out with Joe, gesturing to the corridor...
87) 1) dialog: Hold it a second... ... but the operator slams the door and starts on up. Rat leans heavily on the down button, glancing at Joe.
87) 2) dialog: Nine-oh-one, got it? Ratso glances up the elevator shaft nervously, rings agai and turns back to Joe. 
87) 3) dialog: Let's see how you look. Fine. You look fine. Now I'm gonna have to have that other ten...
87) 6) dialog: Oh hell, forget it. 
87) 9) dialog: Forget it.
87) 11) dialog: Sherry-Netherlands Hotel. Now get your ass in there. He's waiting! Ratso steps into the elevator as the door opens then clos leaving Joe alone, repeating "Cherry Neverlin" as he star along the corridor looking for 901. 
88) 0) text: Ratso bursts from the hotel, almost running as he disappe
103) 0) text: Joe watches a young man hold a taxi door for an older lad at the same corner where Ratso waved to another young man The woman's predatory eyes linger momentarily on Joe befo she leads the young man into the Cafe. The two-way radio continues over, "... that's what I do about insomnia."
122) 0) text: Joe's fist slams a fender violently, using Ratso's fake injury trick to stop traffic, running across the street toward...
123) 0) text: ... Ratso staring out at Joe, paralyzed in the act of lighting a cigarette -- intercut in flashing close-ups -- outside the window, Ratso inside -- reflecting their conflicting emotions -- Joe's murderous rage -- Ratso's p -- one almost subliminal flash of each revealing somethin like pleasure at finding a long-lost friend...
124) 0) text: ... Ratso staring up into camera, holding his breath.
124) 1) dialog: Don't hit me, I'm a cripple. Joe's hand falls on Ratso's shoulder.
124) 5) dialog: Not a cent, I swear to God, I swear on my mother's eyes. Ratso removes his loafers and shakes them, glancing at th counter man. His socks don't even conceal his toes. Disgusted, Joe shoves Ratso's small pile back at him.
124) 6) dialog: You keep the sixty-four cents. I want you to have it.
124) 8) dialog: How do you like that O'Daniel, flipping out like that? I wanted to get in touch with you when I heard, but I been laid up with this cold... Ratso touches his chest, forcing a cough which continues itself beyond his intention.
124) 10) dialog: Okay, right, right, okay. Another subject. Where you living? Still at the hotel?
127) 3) dialog: I'm inviting you. I mean if you're not located, I got a place. I'm inviting you, goddamit.
128) 0) text: A contractor's sign announces LUXURY APARTMENTS AVAILABLE high-rise co-op, under construction beyond a raw of tenem with X's taped on the windows. Ratso's voice continues ov the click-clack-click of Joe's boots and the flip-flap-sq of Ratso's loafers as camera moves toward a condemned building.
130) 0) text: Light from the X window shines on a Florida tourist poste Ratso leads Joe into an abandoned tub-in-kitchen flat, ba furnished with a table and chair, a rumple of blankets on burnt-out mattress.
130) 1) dialog: I got no heat, but by that time, you know, cold weather, hey, I'll be in Florida. Stretch out. Make yourself comfortable. You hungry? I'll put up some water for coffee. Ratso fills a saucepan from the tub-sink, sets it on a St stove. Joe sits himself on the mattress-bed, pretending t test it, weeks of exhaustion and tension overwhelming him suddenly, his only immediate problem being the effort to restrain a large, comfortable yawn.
133) 0) text: Ratso's face seems to radiate evil as he lights a Sterno Joe forces his eyes half-open.
133) 2) dialog: Whatsa matter now? Joe shivers, pulls a blanket around him, resisting sleep, the noises of demolition fade, the love theme lures Joe b
133) 4) dialog: What's that supposed to mean? Joe's eyes close, his voice continuing out of half-sleep.
135) 0) text: Joe awakens in a cold sweat, fighting the blankets, wild- as he sees Ratso at the table, examining Joe's radio by candle-light. Joe lunges across the room to snatch the ra from Ratso's hands.
135) 1) dialog: For crissake! Still wild-eyed, Joe suddenly points at his stocking feet
137) 0) text: Ratso points to the boots on the floor by the mattress.
137) 2) dialog: I took 'em off.
137) 4) dialog: So you could sleep! I mean Christ! Joe inspects the boots, seats himself on a battered Army - which has been added while he slept -- swinging a boot its strap, considering whether to stay or go.
137) 5) dialog: I drug in a cot, if you want to stay.
137) 8) dialog: I ain't forcing you, like, I mean, who's forcing you?
137) 10) dialog: I want you to stay, okay? I goddam invited you, didn't I?
137) 12) dialog: I'm impressed. You're a killer.
137) 15) dialog: Joe -- do me one favor -- this is my place, am I wrong? You know, in my own place my name ain't Ratso. I mean it so happens my name is Enrico Salvatore Rizzo.
137) 17) dialog: Rico then, at least call me Rico in my own goddam place.
138) 0) text: Ratso wears a threadbare raincoat of faded black, several sizes too large, as he shops with housewives at a sidewal vegetable stand -- elbowing his way through the ladies, testing fruit, picking up vegetables and putting them bac till the GREENGROCER spots him.
139) 0) text: Joe lies on his cot, watching Ratso struggle to penetrate fibrous husk of a coconut, experimenting with a variety o rusty tools in an old cigar box.
139) 1) dialog: The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk. That's a known fact. If I can find the goddam hole the milk squirts out.
139) 3) dialog: I been sick. Hold this, will ya? Joe takes his time rising to hold the coconut while Ratso tries to poke a hole with a bent ice-pick.
139) 4) dialog: In Florida, they come smooth, ready to eat. Down there, your only problem is, diet-wise, you gotta lift an arm to wipe warm milk off your chin. Tough, hey?
139) 6) dialog: Miami Beach is the only place for a real hustler. Florida has more rich chicks per square yard than any resort spot in the world. They lie out in their pagodas and pergolas waiting to grab the first jockstrap that passes.
139) 8) dialog: Cowboy killers! Break my finger, Christ! I got news for you, baby, no chick with any class buys that big dumb cowboy crap... Ratso holds his thumb under the tub-sink faucet.
139) 9) dialog: ... the cowboy bit's out, except among fags of a certain type, which take a certain, type hustler to exploit. Like I could handle it -- being a stealing operation basically -- but take your average fag, very few of them want a cripple. Joe holds the coconut like Yorick's skull, thinking hard.
141) 1) dialog: Look at yourself, Joe, no offense, but frankly, you're beginning to smell. For a stud in this town that's a handicap.
141) 3) dialog: You ain't got a chance in hell. You need threads and glitter, baby. A front, hey?
144) 0) text: Wearing only his boots, Joe sits like an Indian chief, wrapped in a blanket -- angle widening to show Ratso, spotting Joe's jacket, slacks and shirt with cleaning flu his eyes on a very pregnant Italian lady. As she starts t load a coin cleaning machine, Ratso intervenes solicitous speaking in Italian...
144) 1) dialog: A woman in your condition shouldn't do that. Let me help... ... adroitly slipping Joe's cleaning in with her load as turns to seat herself beside Joe.
145) 0) text: Joe and Ratso stand waiting at the counter.
145) 1) dialog: What did it cost her? The laundromat syndicate lost a couple coins. I'm crying. The owner brings Joe's clean and blocked Stetson from the rear of the shop. Joe sets it on his head and examines himself in a mirror as the owner hands Ratso, the bill.
145) 2) dialog: Where's mine? The black homburg? I brought it in the same time. The owner glances at the slip, puzzled, returns to the re of the shop to search for the nonexistent homburg. Ratso quickly drags Joe away from the mirror and out of the sho
146) 0) text: The rhythmic duet of boots and loafers follows Joe and Ra - checking coin boxes and telephone booths -- till they r a shoeshine stand, locked for the night. They loiter till young couple has disappeared, then Joe kicks loose 'the padlock on the equipment drawer, mounts one of the chairs Ratso goes to work on his boots with furious expertise, flourishing double brushes, snapping the rag like a jazz drummer.
146) 2) dialog: And end up a hunchback like my old man? You think I'm crippled? You shoulda caught him the end of a day. Ratso demonstrates a chimpanzee walk. Joe laughs. Ratso t back in panic as another man takes a chair next to Joe. R is about to retuse when a cop takes the third chair, swin his handcuffs around to the front, tapping his shoe with night stick. Ratso quickly drops a rag over the broken padlock, cursing under his breath as he starts working on three customers at the same time.
147) 0) text: Joe is seated in a straight-back chair near the X window, towel tucked around his neck as Ratso trims his hair, alm as expert a barber as shoeshine boy.
147) 1) dialog: Stupid bastard coughed his lungs out breathing that resin all day. They buried him with gloves on. Even the fag undertaker couldn't get his nails clean. As if by conditioned reflex, Ratso chokes on the cigarett his mouth, coughing painfully. He crushes it out, opens t window to spit, shivering, then slam it and turns back to remove the towel from Joe's neck.
147) 3) dialog: You like it? Take a look.
147) 5) dialog: Not bad -- for a cowboy -- you're okay, you're okay.
148) 0) text: Joe and Ratso peer down through a basement bay window, in the office of THE PERFECT GENTLEMAN ESCORT SERVICE -- endorsed by leading travel agencies and credit clubs offe discreet companionship and personal guided tours in any language. A large-busted matron, on a French phone, fills a memo and hands it to an immaculate young ESCORT, who sl the memo into his topcoat pocket as he comes from the off and hails a cab. Ratso darts forward, limping exaggerated holding the door, lifting the memo as he brushes off the Escort's topcoat. The young man waves him away with out a tip. Ratso slams the door and bites his thumb after the c unfolding the memo as he joins Joe on the sidewalk.
148) 1) dialog: How do you like that? Cheap bastard... (reads, then) I think we struck gold. This is one high-class chick. The Barbizon for Women!
150) 0) text: Ratso consults the memo as he speaks into the phone.
150) 1) dialog: Mr. McNeill, I'm calling for Miss Beecham at the Barbizon Hotel for Women. She won't need you tonight...
151) 2) dialog: Score once in that setup, the way chicks talk, Christ... Joe cracks his gum, tilts his hat, starts across the stre
151) 3) dialog: Get the money! Remember Cass Trehune? Cash! These rich bitches write a check at night, call the bank and stop payment in the morning. Get the cash! In Ratso's eyes -- as Joe enters the hotel -- its facade suddenly wipes away to reveal rich ladies in negligee wai in every room.
153) 0) text: Ratso warms his hands at a chestnut vendor's cart, seeing ... zoom close-up, a lady in a window grabbing Joe.
155) 0) text: Ratso sees Joe zip from room to room in wild animation.
157) 0) text: Staring at a window display of Florida sportswear, Ratso' imagination soars, seeing...
158) 0) text: ... Ratso, like a model in a travel poster, in gaudy spor shirt, talking on the phone against a background of hotel ... Ratso like James Bond, surrounded by bikinis, dictati while girls serve coconut milk and massage his game leg.. ... Ratso like George Raft, in evening clothes, running a posh casino, flicking a coin... ... Ratso simply himself, dressed as he is, sitting on th beach, at peace in the sun... ... the same identical picture with Joe sitting beside Ra
160) 0) text: Ratso leans against the window, flipping a coin.
162) 0) text: The lights in the window suddenly switch off, blacking ou Florida. Ratso glances toward the growl of a siren O.S.
163) 0) text: A police prowl car slows in front of the hotel. Ratso swi across the street with incredible speed to meet Joe as he tossed onto the sidewalk. Ratso picks up the Stetson and brushes it off, then helps Joe to his feet.
165) 0) text: ... Joe and Ratso frozen -- rain on the X windowpane free into sheet ice. O.S. a radio commercial plays warm, sentimental music while a voice explains how easy it is to heat with Humble oil.
166) 0) text: Joe and Ratso frozen in a narrow shaft of sunlight, watch the huge metal ball demolish the building next door. O.S. radio announcer sells FROZEN SUNSHINE ORANGE JUICE.
167) 0) text: Joe and Ratso frozen, staring significantly at Joe's radi O.S. a singing commercial, "Don't wheeze and sneeze the winter away! Drink Frozen sunshine every day!" 
168) 0) text: Through the window -- Joe and Ratso watch the pawnbroker examine Joe's radio, "Be healthier, wealthier, life can b fine, when you drink Frozen" -- Sunshine is clicked off b the pawnbroker.
169) 0) text: Joe and Ratso frozen, wrapped in blankets as... ... the canned heat dies with a faint puff... ... water dripping in the tub-sink freezes into an icicle ... the candle burns down and out, leaving the screen dar
170) 0) text: Joe and Ratso warm themselves on the smoke and steam risi from a subway grating -- watching two officials in fur collared coats inspect the front of their X flat building Reading their doom, Joe and Ratso, continue on, disappear into the subway.
171) 1) text: A huge hypodermic fills the frame, sucking Joe's blood. O Ratso coughs uncontrollably.
172) 0) text: Ratso leans over the tub-sink, dry-heaving while he cough wearing a sheepskin coat much too large for him. He contr the cough with effort -- hearing the door open and close -- wipes his mouth and turns to grin at... ... Joe, trying to light the empty Sterno can, deliberate ignoring Ratso. Ratso shrugs, washes his mouth at the fau finds a cigarette butt and lights it, careful to avoid inhaling the first puff.
172) 2) dialog: The coat? A guy I did a favor once gave it to me. Christ.
172) 4) dialog: Where'd that come from?
172) 6) dialog: You wanna know the truth? You dumb bastard, I got it for you. Look at it. Goddam thing's ten sizes too big for me. Ratso pulls off the coat and throws it at Joe.
172) 8) dialog: Goddamned if I'll wear it! Ratso hurls it in a corner. Joe shoves the ten at Ratso.
173) 0) text: High angle -- Joe and Ratso cross an foot, chilled by win neither wearing the sheepskin coat. The Queens riverfront factories appear cold and bleak, deserted on Sunday.
175) 0) text: Ratso leads Joe past a Negro family at a grave -- glances around -- snatches an elaborate floral piece from a heads and hides it under his black raincoat as he darts toward low dividing wail and swings himself over into...
176) 0) text: ... an endless section of plain stone markers. Joe touche his hat to two nuns, guiltily hurrying to overtake Ratso ibis father's grave, indistinguishable from the other gra except for the name on the headstone. Ratso places the fl piece on the grave with almost absurd solemnity. Joe laug
176) 2) dialog: The name's Rico, at my own father's grave, a man deserves some respect.
176) 4) dialog: Can he smell the difference, eh? Joe reads from the ribbon on the floral display.
176) 6) dialog: He can't read. Even dumber than you. Couldn't write his own name. X -- that's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone. One big lousy X like our flat. Condemned. By order of City Hall. Joe is frowning, standing at the,headstone, momentarily depressed with an undefined sorrow.
178) 0) text: Joe frowns, puzzled, as Ratso pulls out a black skullcap, leading Joe toward a group of professional mourners, whispering:
178) 1) dialog: Just keep your hat on and cry a little. They tip you when it's over. Joe and Ratso join the mourners as the funeral moves to t grave, Ratso mouthing an authentic double-talk... ... Joe standing self-consciously, aware of the covert glances of the other mourners, automatically reaching up remove his hat, remembering when Ratso elbows him in the ribs... ... Joe scowling, tight-lipped, embarrassed by the tip th is thrust in his hand.
179) 0) text: A weary Santa Claus, in a rented beard and over-large costume, warms his hands over the steam of his coffee cup Joe and Ratso are arguing farther down the counter.
179) 2) dialog: You and my old man. Same kinda mind. Putting me down till the day he died... (mimics) ... why can't you be like your brothers? Sons a father could be proud of. Yeah, sure. My brothers. Too goddam busy making something of themselves to show up when the old man's dying! Conditioned reflex, Ratso starts to cough. Joe sees the MacAlbertsons in the mirror, standing behind him, studyin him. Gretel nods, Hansel hands Joe a large black card, smiling vaguely, then moves on.
179) 3) dialog: What was that all about? Joe studies the black card, frowning at first, suddenly smiling, turning as if to call after the MacAlbertsons, b they are disappearing around the corner. Joe hands the ca to Ratso.
179) 8) dialog: So? Joe sees a young man washing cups behind the counter. Joe shakes his head, wonderingly, turning to study himself in mirror.
179) 10) dialog: Yeah, well, so?
179) 12) dialog: What you're driving at, you want me to get lost so you can go to your fancy-ass party.
179) 14) dialog: Don't say nothing about you either.
179) 16) dialog: (shrugs) Well, what the hell, I got nothing better to do.
181) 0) text: ... a drab entrance hall, dimly lit -- signs identifying various commercial tenants -- a pink-on-black placard rea MACALBERTSON, TWO FLIGHTS UP. Joe has started up before h notices Ratso, leaning on the bannister at the foot of th stairs, struggling to catch his breath. His face and hair wet with perspiration, his lips lavender-blue. In swift flashes -- intercut -- Joe reads the panic in Ratso's eyes, so intense that Joe shares it, unable to sp or offer reassurance.
181) 3) dialog: Don't need a comb.
181) 5) dialog: Okay? I look okay? In a moment of silence, distant sounds can be heard -- a siren, the grinding teeth of a garbage truck, the twang o electric guitar upstairs at the party -- then Ratso makes quick gesture of impatience and starts up the stairs, pul himself on the bannister.
182) 0) text: A bank of lights blinds Joe and Ratso as they enter -- electronic rock blasts their ears -- a bearded cameraman step-ladder photographs them as they stand confused -- fa a monstrous collage of tabloid photos blown up, showing t murder of a hippie known as Groovy -- in-huge black lette LOVE WAS GROOVY -- GROOVY IS DEAD. Joe shouts over the amplified music.
182) 3) dialog: Rico. Rico Rizzo. Gretel smiles without recognition. Hansel gestures vaguel
182) 5) dialog: If you want the word on that brother and sister act, I'll give you the word. That Hansel's a fag and Gretel's got the hots for herself. So who cares, right? Load up on the salami... Ratso heads for the refreshment table. Joe starts after h but pauses, intrigued by an alcove under the balcony wher light show is in progress -- surreal images of naked bodi projected against abstract currents of color and strobe light... ... a bored fat lady in a muu-muu, squatted like a Buddha a low table, rolling joints for the guests. She lights a joint and offers it to Joe as he wanders in watch the show. Joe laughs delightedly when he realizes w it is...
184) 0) text: Joe realizes he is back at the party, Ratso whispering hoarsely.
184) 1) dialog: ... I'd say she was good for ten bucks, but I'll ask for twenty... But Joe is watching with terrible fascination as Hansel a Gretel lift the flower girl from her sarcophagus.
184) 3) dialog: You really want to do business?
184) 8) dialog: A very expensive stud. And I happen to be his manager. The scene -- from Joe's viewpoint -- becomes increasingly confusing and fragmented, dialogue and image moving in an out of focus, cameras and lights surrounding him, keeping center of attention in his own blown mind... ... Shirley's eyes unnaturally bright, inspecting his bod lingering on his thighs, moistening her lips...
185) 3) dialog: Twenty bucks...
185) 5) dialog: ... and taxi fare for me.
185) 7) dialog: I agree. And for that service I charge one dollar taxi fare. She takes a dollar from her purse and hands it to Ratso, takes Joe's arm and starts down the stairs. Ratso lingers starting quickly through the coats, frisking them for loo change.
186) 3) dialog: (rises, mimics) Is he all right!
186) 5) dialog: Walk? Naturally I can walk.
186) 8) dialog: (shouts) I said yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
189) 0) text: Ratso makes his way slowly from the building to the curb, whistling between his teeth sharply, hailing a cab. The c slows to a stop. Then the driver sees Ratso, shifts into and drives on. Ratso bites his thumb after the cab, rests a moment on the lamp post, then starts painfully inching way along the deserted street.
197) 0) text: ... Ratso huddled in the overstuffed chair -- wearing the stolen sheepskin coat -- wrapped in blankets, his teeth chattering, in spite of the sweat on his forehead. Joe st abruptly, his mood shattered by Ratso's alarming conditio They simply stare at each other for a moment, then Joe tu away to see soup heating on the Sterno stove. Joe tosses of his paper bags onto Ratso's lap...
197) 3) dialog: No. But while you was buying the underwear, I could have lifted the socks.
197) 5) dialog: But thanks. (hesitates, then) Hey, Joe, don't get sore about this or anything. You promise?
197) 7) dialog: Well, I don't think I can walk. (embarrassed) I mean, I been falling down a lot and, uh...
197) 9) dialog: I'm scared.
197) 11) dialog: What'll happen. I mean what they do to, you know, do with you -- if you can't -- ah, Christ!
197) 13) dialog: I don't know. Cops. Or the -- how should I know? Ratso is trembling so violently that the sou, starts to s over. Joe takes it and sets it on the table.
197) 15) dialog: No doctors. No, sir. Not me. Doctors are like goddam auto mechanics. Fix one-thing, unplug another. Operate for piles and while they're there, they unscrew your liver. My old man, for God's sake, wasn't any sicker'n I am when he went to the doctor.
197) 17) dialog: I'm going to Florida, that's my only chance.
197) 19) dialog: I'll find the money. If you just get me on the bus, that's all I ask.
197) 21) dialog: I don't even want you to go. Whaddya think of that? I got other plans for my life than dragging around some dumb cowboy that thinks he's God's gift to women. One twenty-buck trick and he's already the biggest stud in New York City. It's laughable. Joe sets his Stetson on his head.
207) 0) text: Joe carries Ratso down the stairs, wrapped in a blanket.
209) 0) text: Ratso sits an a stoop while Joe hails a cab.
211) 0) text: Joe lifts Ratso from the taxi and carries him inside.
213) 0) text: Joe stands in a long line, glancing impatiently at the cl while Ratso waits on a bench, wrapped in his blanket.
215) 0) text: Joe's face is expectant, next in line at the ticket windo He nods reassuringly toward Ratso.
219) 0) text: Joe carries Ratso up the steps onto the bus.
224) 0) text: Joe and Ratso sit near the rear of the bus. Ratso's teeth chatter, wrapped in the blanket.
224) 1) dialog: Thirty-one hours. They ride a few moments in silence.
224) 2) dialog: The trip is. Nine-thirty in the morning we get there. Not this morning but the next one at nine thirty. Both nod for a moment in silence.
224) 4) dialog: They gotta be.
226) 0) text: Joe and Ratso have reversed places, putting Ratso by the window. Joe watches a middle-aged couple try on their new straw hats, unaware that Joe is watching them.
226) 1) dialog: You get your first palm tree in South Carolina.
226) 3) dialog: I read it.
228) 0) text: Two aging young ladies in brand-new resort wear are casua examining Joe, along with the other men on the bus, but J is frowning at Ratso, who shivers despite the bright sun.
228) 2) dialog: I been thinking. I hope we're not gonna have a lotta trouble about my name down there. Because like what's the whole point of this trip anyway?
228) 4) dialog: I mean New York's one thing, but can you see this guy, imagine it, running around the goddam beach all suntan and he's going in swimming, like, and then somebody yells 'Hey, Ratso' -- how does that sound to you?
228) 6) dialog: Sounds like crap, admit it. And I'm not gonna have it. I'm Rico all the time, okay, do you blame me? That's agreed, okay? We're gonna tell all these new people my name's Rico? Joe nods. Ratso closes his eyes, momentarily at peace.
230) 0) text: Joe frowns in his sleep, awakens, lifts his Stetson to se Ratso wide awake, in misery, wiping tears from his eyes.
230) 2) dialog: (barely audible) I'm wet.
230) 4) dialog: I wet my pants! My seat's all wet.
230) 6) dialog: Here I am going to Florida and my leg hurts, my butt hurts, my chest hurts, my face hurts, and like that ain't enough, I gotta pee all over myself. Joe laughs suddenly, uncontrollably.
230) 7) dialog: I'm falling apart, that's funny?
232) 0) text: Joe and Ratso have moved to the seat farthest back, wider than the others. Joe blocks the view of the other passeng as he helps Ratso into a new pair of corduroy pants and a Florida shirt. In the middle of the operation, Ratso doze off. Joe shakes his head, scowling, annoyed, but continue lifting Ratso enough to slide the pants around his waist. Ratso awakens as Joe zips the fly.
232) 1) dialog: Hey, what the hell you doing?
233) 0) text: Ratso's eyes squint in a dazed half-sleep. Joe leans acro to pull down the shade. He hesitates a moment, watching.. ... past his reflection, a group of young men on their wa work, carrying lunch pails, dressed exactly as Joe is now dressed... ... then Joe lowers the blind and seats himself. Ratso no slightly, his voice practically inaudible.
233) 1) dialog: Thanks, Joe.
234) 0) text: Joe sits stiffly, very frightened, as the bus starts on. he glances at Ratso, frowning, reaches out an arm and put around Ratso, settling back, staring straight ahead.