12) 0) text: SALLY BUCK, a pretty middle-aged blonde, smiles down at camera,
12) 1) dialog: You look real nice, Joe baby...
22) 0) text: ... a gilt-lettered sign in the window, glittering in the sun, momentarily hiding the fact that the shop is deserte Joe grins as he hears remembered sounds and voices incomp flashes, more significant in tone than content a girl giggling sexily -- "Keep your meat hooks off my beauty operators, sugar" -- tinkling noises of a busy beauty par - Sally Buck singing "Hush, little baby, don't say a word Grammaw gonna buy you a mockingbird..." ... a shift of light revealing a row of tarnished driers, broken mirror, a FOR RENT sign in the window. Joe turns toward the bus depot, radio pressed to his ear.
25) 7) text: But seems to me that's more the fish smell than the bouncing... Joe realizes that her eyes are closed. Mildly depressed, stretches himself across both seats and turns on his radi finds only static and snaps it off. Further depressed, he examines his reflection in the bus window, squeezes a bla head and runs the comb through his hair, picks a piece of tobacco off his tooth and lights a cigarette, watching th flame die in reflection, forgetting to discard the burnt- match as he stares out at a vast lonely prairie, a solita cowboy in the distance, a row of sharecropper shacks apparently deserted, a barefoot little girl motionless at roadside, watching the bus pass. Through this, leading in the next scene, Sally Buck sings softly "... if that mock bird don't sing, Grammaw gonna buy you a golden ring..."
26) 0) text: Sally Buck, relaxing in the middle of a busy day, eyes cl wearily, while little Joe massages her neck. Her song continues over the noises of the busy beauty parlor "... that golden ring turns brass, Grammaw gonna buy you a loo glass..."
26) 1) dialog: No, a little lower, sugar, yeah, yeah, that's good. Grammaw's beat.
28) 0) text: A gawky, adolescent Joe sits sprawled on the couch, leafi through a magazine while Sally Buck bleaches the roots of young woman's hair.
28) 1) dialog: You get him to the church, honey. He ain't gonna find out you ain't a real blonde till after you're married, then's too late. Sally Buck turns, pretending to be stern as Toe laughs.
28) 2) dialog: You getting too big for your britches, sugar.
30) 1) dialog: Don't forget to say your prayers, honey... Joe leans forward to help the old Lady, irritably struggl with the release button on her seat. She scowls as Joe le over to release her seat, then pulls her blanket around h and turns away from him. Joe switches off her reading lig
31) 0) text: Little Joe's head is lost in a beat-up cowboy hat, simila the one worn by the old Cowhand. Sally Buck smiles on WOO NILES -- a long-legged cowboy with a shock of black hair who stands at her dressing table, admiring himself in a n Stetson.
31) 1) dialog: Like it, honey? Does it fit?
31) 3) dialog: Woodsy Niles! The boy!
33) 0) text: Little Joe is cuddled in Sally Buck's arms, under the cov watching Woodsy, sitting cross-legged on the bed, naked except for his Stetson and guitar, singing drunkenly.
42) 0) text: Sally Buck fondly wipes lipstick from Joe's lips.
42) 1) dialog: Keep your meat hooks off my operators, sugar, hear?
55) 1) dialog: There's a TV dinner in the fridge, lover boy...
56) 1) dialog: You be okay, won't you? Maybe I bring you a treat if you're a good boy...
58) 0) text: Little Joe massaging Sally Buck's neck -- continuing the earlier scene.
58) 1) dialog: I'm so beat, no point you waiting round, toots, think I'll stop in for a beer or two...
60) 1) dialog: Expect me when you see me. Looks like I got me a new beau, lover boy, how's that for an old grammaw? I'll leave you movie money... Sally Buck tucks a dollar bill under a framed picture of Jesus, who has replaced Woodsy Niles on the mantle.
90) 0) text: Sally Buck sings with the congregation while a rawboned preacher stands in the river, preparing to immerse little Joe.
92) 0) text: Camera becomes little Joe, glimpsing the fevered faces of Sally Buck and the congregation singing on the riverbank, just before being plunged under the river. O'Daniel's voi reechoes, filtered through water.
111) 3) dialog: Wet your britches, lover boy?