201) 2) dialog: How are you? (more quietly) Townsend P. Locke, from Chicago. Call me Towny. I'm here to attend a paper manufacturers' convention and, frankly, to have a little fun, dammit... Towny grips Joe's elbow, almost forcibly leading him away
202) 0) text: Towny's face appears huge at Joe's shoulder.
202) 1) dialog: This is my first night in town and I'll consider it a ghastly omen clouding my entire ten days, if you don't consent to have dinner with me. Anywhere you like... Towny's mouth continues speaking at an incredible rate, b his words are drowned out momentarily by the grinder of a sanitation truck, chewing up a discarded Christmas tree w tinsel clinging to it. Towny is still talking when they'v passed the truck.
202) 2) dialog: ... never mind how you're dressed. They know me. I'll say you're with the rodeo. There's always a rodeo in New York, dammit. Besides, you look very elegant...
203) 1) dialog: But, dammit all, I just remembered, we'll have to eat in my room because I have this phone call coming at nine-thirty...
204) 1) dialog: What I like about you, you're such a wonderful conversationalist. So won't that be nice to have dinner sent up?
205) 1) dialog: Fifty years ago this was the only hotel in Manhattan. My mother always calls me at her bedtime, so I've got to be there.
206) 0) text: The room has little to recommend it except its size and l French window, through which -- ignored by Joe -- the Mut tower flashes MONY. Towny waves Joe toward the couch, qui slipping several physical culture magazines from the coff table onto a shelf beneath.
206) 1) dialog: A drink? I've got some nice gin. If you'd prefer something else, they'll send it up...
206) 3) dialog: It's so exciting. New York. The mad forward thrust of everything. My sense of time here is completely altered.
208) 0) text: The coffee table is littered with empty cartons of Chines food, soaked through with brown sauce. Joe finds the last roll and eats it as Towny's voice drones on.
208) 1) dialog: Sometimes it seems to me time stopped twenty years ago. There was this war, there was this handsome young man with quite black hair and he was supposed to die. But he didn't. Isn't that amusing?
208) 3) dialog: Enough about me. I'm through talking for the evening. Now I want to hear about conditions in the West. The romance of the West holds a tremendous power over me. Mother was actually a pioneer woman, can you believe it? When she calls, I'll introduce you and she'll be so thrilled.
210) 0) text: Towny's voice is only a shrill monotone from here, Joe searches with increasing desperation for something of val An old electric razor is too bulky for Joe's pocket, prob worthless anyhow. Towny's array of medicines merely recal Joe's purpose.
214) 0) text: Towny is stretched out on the couch, staring morosely.
214) 1) dialog: I was so childish with her. Joe moves into frame past camera, standing in front of hi so that we can see the scene from behind Joe's waist.
214) 3) dialog: What?
214) 5) dialog: Oh, difficult, it's so difficult. You're a nice person, Joe -- I should never have asked you up -- a lovely person. Oh, how I loathe life. I loathe it. Please go. Please.
214) 7) dialog: No, yes. No, I mean yes please go. Help me to be good. Come back tomorrow. Promise.
214) 9) dialog: This is terrible. I meet someone who -- then -- wait, I want to give you a present. For your trip. You'll let me please...
216) 0) text: Joe's face is puzzled then angry as Towny takes a Saint Christopher medal from his sack and hands it to Joe. His are looking past Joe, his speech out of sync.
216) 1) dialog: Please take it. You don't have to be Catholic. Saint Christopher is the patron saint of all travelers. I want you to have it. For helping me be good.
218) 2) dialog: Oh. Yes. Of course. I should have thought. You shouldn't have to ask. That was thoughtless of me. Yes. Wait here... Towny hurries across the room to the bedside table. Besid the telephone is a picture of a prosperous pioneer woman wearing a hearing-aid. Towny tries to conceal his movements as he takes a wallet from the drawer, lifts out a bill and tucks the wallet ba and turns -- terrified to see Joe close behind him -- alm knocking the lamp off the table in his fright. Pressed against the table, protecting but calling attention to hi wallet, Towny holds out the bill.
218) 3) dialog: Here. Don't even thank me.
218) 5) dialog: I simply don't have it, Joe.
218) 7) dialog: You're wasting your time. There's nothing in there. Towny clutches the table, staring at Joe, shaking his hea like a bad little boy. Joe backhands him angrily. Trying duck the blow, Towny stumbles and slips to the floor, but grabs the table in his arms, watching Joe out of the corn of his eyes, whimpering. Joe grabs his hair, turning his up.
218) 9) dialog: I deserved that, I know I did. But he clutches the table wildly. His mother's picture fa unnoticed. Joe stands in panic, sickened, unable to fulfi the role Towny has assigned him.
218) 10) dialog: I brought this on myself. I'm bleeding, my nose is bleeding, isn't it? Towny's eyes shine, teeth clenched in a crazy smile, bloo trickling from his nose. Suddenly Joe jerks the lamp free its socket.
220) 0) text: Towny's shrill little whisper says...
220) 1) dialog: Thank you, Joe. ... provoking Joe to glance back. Towny is reaching for t telephone, his eyes on Joe with wild brightness, holding hand on the receiver. Joe knocks the phone from his hand, hits Towny in the mouth, jerks the cord from the wall as Towny falls -- gagging -- finally dislodging his dentures the carpet. Joe stands sick and confused, holding the use phone in two hands...