1) 0) text: Max's legs protrude from a hand-dug opening in a large sn embankment - a remnant of the morning’s snowplows. He crawls out and stands over it, surveying his creation. proud and crooked grin spreads across his face. He runs off toward his house, wanting badly to tell someo about it. INT./EXT. MAX’S HOME - DAY Max runs up to the window and taps on the glass. Inside i his sister Claire, 14, talking on the phone with great intensity. We see only Max’s eyes peering over the window sill.
1) 2) dialog: Who else was there? (CONTINUED)
1) 8) dialog: And?
1) 10) dialog: (responding to the intrusion) Yeah, my brother. No, I can’t. We’re supposed to go to my dad’s that weekend.
1) 12) dialog: Max, go play with your friends! Max is crushed. He walks off, dejected.
2) 4) text: 10 WIWTA Revised November 21, 2008 (Buff) pg. 3 Max gets an idea. He jumps into his igloo and scoops up a of his snowballs. He can’t carry them all so he hurriedly rolls them out the entrance. He runs across the street to his house, closer to his pre carefully balancing his ammunition on his coat, kangaroo style. He hides behind the neighbor’s low fence. He waits, excitedly, organizing his arsenal while stealth peering over the fence. He watches the teens while they’r inside his house. Meanwhile, he makes more snowballs. The teenagers come outside with Claire. Max holds a snowb giddy with anticipation. He waits until they’re close eno and then jumps up and unleashes his projectiles. His aim isn’t so good, but he has the element of surprise on his side. A few snowballs hit the teenagers, and when they se that it’s him, they laugh and start throwing snowballs ba The fight is on. As Max is reloading, a large mound of snow is dumped on h back. The boys are close now, on the other side of the fe It’s time to retreat. Max bolts. He runs across the stree giddy -- the thrill of battle. He gets to his fort just in time and dives inside. He sli into his little cave - nervous and happy. He’s safe. But the boys are upon him. Through the fort’s entrance, h sees them approach. An arm comes through the side, searching for Max. Max squ out of the way, his eyes wide with alarm. Then there’s a sickening crunch from above. Another crunc They’re on the roof. Max looks up. The ceiling caves in. Max is trapped in a world of cold white. He claws his way out of the top, and we see his face, red wet with snow and tears. He’s cold and humiliated. The two boys see how upset Max is. They pull back, feelin awful. They walk back across the street. A horn honks - everyone is waiting. The boys run back to car. Max, hurt and shamed, looks for Claire among the teenager He finds her. Max and Claire lock eyes. Claire looks worr and feels bad for Max. Max hopes that Claire will come ov to help and comfort him - even to stick up for him. (CONTINUED)