3) 0) text: Max lays in bed, silent, worried. On the dresser next to bed is a globe, an antique, lit from within. Max reads th inscription on a small brass panel on the globe: TO MAX, OWNER OF THIS WORLD. Love, Dad He hears high heels clicking in the kitchen below. Max lo forlorn, wishing he hadn’t done what he’s done. His mom’s footsteps echo through the house, getting closer to the stairs.
3) 1) dialog: (calling out) Hey! I’m home! We hear her walking upstairs. She enters the room and see Max under his covers. She sits down on his bed and kisses head. She’s wearing her work clothes - a wool skirt and w cotton blouse.
3) 2) dialog: Hey. Max doesn’t answer.
3) 3) dialog: What’s wrong? Max looks up. (CONTINUED)
3) 11) dialog: Oh. *
3) 14) dialog: Max, what have you done? * She leaves the room and comes back with a stack of towels They both drop to their knees to soak up the mess. *
3) 15) dialog: (under her breath) * 16 Oh my god. 16* 17 INT. MOM’S OFFICE AREA — NIGHT (LATER) 17* Max’s mom works at home at night in a room at the rear of house. Overlooking the backyard, it’s a room used for man purposes. Outside, the snow has turned to rain and it’s coming down, silver streaks outside the window. Mom is typing on her computer, an older model, while talk on the phone to a co-worker. Max enters the room tentativ Feeling a bit guilty about earlier, Max wants to make up his mom. He fiddles with a few things in the room, circli his mom without overtly asking for attention. * Mom, still not paying any mind to Max, looks anxious - bu more than that, simply tired and worn out. As she continu her phone conversation, we catch only glimpses of her fro Max's point of view. * (CONTINUED)
3) 18) dialog: (hiding her exhaustion with warmth) No, I don’t want to bother you, just... just quickly can you tell me exactly what Mr. Lasseter didn’t like about the report? ...Well what am I suppose to do? No, I’m just tired and there’s been some stuff here at home.... So what can I do to fix this? Max, trying to make her smile, adopts the posture of a ro She looks over to him. He continues walking robot-style a turns his head to smile at her, not noticing he’s about t walk into the wall. He falls down, to comic effect. His m buries a laugh and puts her finger to her lips, telling M to shush. Max grins. Success.
3) 19) dialog: (into the phone) I know, I know. I, uh... but I better get started if I’m gonna turn it in in the morning. He plops himself on the floor under her desk and looks at mom’s feet. She’s taken off her shoes, but is still weari her tights; Max tugs gently on the tights over her right
3) 20) dialog: (now a bit more upbeat) No, I hear you, I hear you. This will be the last time I promise, okay? Thanks. She hangs up and smiles down at Max.
3) 21) dialog: (softly) Hey.
3) 23) dialog: I could use a story.
4) 8) dialog: Max, I’m busy. *
5) 0) text: Max walks through the foyer, arms crossed before his ches Peeking around a corner, he sees his Mom and the boyfrien exchange a kiss on the couch. MOM (CONT’D) BOYFRIEND You're really....nice -..Cute They share a flirtatious laugh. Max is mortified. Mom and boyfriend toast. Max watches in disgust. Mom picks up a dirty plate and hurries back toward the kitchen. Passing Max, she growls playfully at him.
5) 1) dialog: (to Max) Hi, sweetie. (loudly into the next room) Claire, it’s almost dinner! Get your stuff off the table, please. Max follows her into the kitchen.
6) 0) text: His mom is cooking. Max enters the kitchen and drags a ch over to the counter lazily. It scrapes loudly on the floo
6) 1) dialog: Shhh! Max starts sniffing around. He looks down his nose at all food, examining it. Mom is too frazzled to pay attention. gets up on the chair and assesses the work his mom is doi At the moment, she’s boiling water in a pot. (CONTINUED)
6) 11) dialog: Hey, shhh.
6) 13) dialog: It's paté. pg. 10 Max rolls his eyes and moves on, dissatisfied, imperious. fiddles with things on the counter. He picks up a bag of frozen corn.
6) 15) dialog: (firmly, trying not to lose her patience) Frozen corn is real. And get off the chair please. And go tell your sister to clear her stuff off the table.
6) 19) dialog: (urgently, under her breath) Max, don’t pull that now. Instead of retreating, Max leaps to stand on the counter. stands there, hovering over her, in his animal costume. They stare at each other.
6) 20) dialog: (whispering/pleading) Max, get off the counter, please, get off. I have a friend here... you're embarrassing me. Max crosses his arms and stares at her. (CONTINUED)
6) 24) dialog: (exasperated) Max, get off. Get off the counter! * Max just stares at her, defiant. *
6) 25) dialog: (furious whisper) Get off the damn counter MAX! Now. Now!
6) 27) dialog: Get down! He growls loudly at her.
6) 30) text: Mom can’t take it anymore. She lunges for him, and he jum off the counter, fleeing, still growling. *
6) 31) dialog: Stop! Get over here! 34 He tears through the living room, and, somewhat to his surprise, she chases him. When they pass in front of the boyfriend, the boyfriend takes notice of the escalating * volume and urgency. * 35 In the front hall, she catches him, grabs him and hold roughly. *
6) 32) dialog: Max! What’s wrong with you? * Max thrashes around in his mom’s grip. He kicks and squir and, losing all control, he suddenly bites his mother’s a She shrieks. She drops him on the floor. He falls down in lump. She steps back, holding her arm in pain. *
6) 33) dialog: (completely enraged) * OW! Max, you bit me! That hurt! * Max is shocked by what he’s done, instantly realizing tha he’s gone too far. * (CONTINUED)
6) 37) dialog: Max, what is wrong with you? Why * are you doing these things? *
6) 39) dialog: You're out of control! Max looks at everyone. His mom, the boyfriend... *
7) 1) dialog: Max! Max! - Max tears down the street. *
7) 2) dialog: Max! - 37 She follows him for a block, but quickly loses ground. Max cuts across yards and down an embankment. Now he’s fr He runs toward the forest in the distance, where the road ends and the trees begin. *
50) 0) text: A random dog runs up next to him and Max barks at it wild gleeful as they run side by side. The dog, after running to him for a moment, splits off. All of the houses are da except for Max’s own, in the distance, where some of the lights are still on. He runs toward it until he gets a fe houses away, when he slows down to a jog, then a walk. * His last few steps are slow and tentative. He moves to th front door, and we see a close-up of the doorknob turning
51) 0) text: Max tiptoes through the house, nervous of the repercussio His mom sees him, runs to him, grabs him and holds him. T look at each other. Max is overwhelmed with emotion, feel both sorry, relieved and grateful that she’s taken him ba She looks at him sweetly, removes his wolf hood, and hold him tighter. *
52) 0) text: Max is eating his soup. His mom is sitting at the table, head resting in her hand, utterly exhausted. She looks - affectionately at Max. Max starts to eat his cake, and lo up at his mom. She has fallen asleep. Max tilts his head, studying her, appreciating her, marveling at her. *