0) 0) text: DIANA perched on Revised 12/31/75 131
0) 2) dialog: (on phone) Barbara? Diana --
0) 4) dialog: (on phone) Listen, I had another howling session with Howard Beale today, and he's impenetrable. We better start shoring up the dykes--
0) 6) dialog: (stares at set, mutters) Jesus Christ --
0) 9) text: Revised 12/31/75 132 DIANA clicks the remote control thing, and the TV set goes black.
0) 10) dialog: (on phone) Let's start looking around for possible replacements. I hear ABC's grooming a mad prophet of their own in Chicago as our com- petition for next season. See if you can get a tape on him. Maybe we can steal him. And let's start building up the other segments on the show. Sybil the Soothsayer, Jim Webbing. The Vox Populi’ seg- ment is catching on; let's make that a daily feature -- INT. THE LIVING kOOM 159. MAX sprawled on the soft chair. We notice that, in the back of the living room, a bridge table has been set up as a makeshift desk. It has a typewriter on it and a welter of papers and books and filing folders. DIANA appears in the bedroom doorway, regards MAX coldly --
0) 11) dialog: You know, you could help me out with Howard if you wanted to. He listens to you. You're his best friend --
0) 13) dialog: (erupting herself) Every ‘time you see somebody in your family, you-come back in one of these morbid middle-aged moods! Revised 12/31/75 133
0) 15) dialog: Terrific, Max, terrific. Maybe you can start a whole new career as an actor. For a moment, it looks as if MAX is going to slug her. Then he deflates --
0) 19) dialog: . Well, what exactly is it you want me to do?
0) 21) dialog: (small voice) I don't know how to do that. Then, shatteringly, the PHONE o.s. in the bedroom RINGS; and DIANA promptly turns to answer it -- 160.
0) 24) dialog: (matter-of -factly as she exits into the bedroom) I'll be with you in a minute, Max -- He sighs, the inchoate moment of love evanesced --
0) 31) dialog: (hanging up and yelling back) We're trying to find a replacement for him! I'm going down to look at audition tapes right now! She is already out of her office -- INT: NINTH FLOOR - A SCREENING ROOM 161. Cc.U. of an imposing MOSAIC FIGURE, fully bearded and wearing ankle-length black robes and thonged sandals, standing on a lonely mountain spur inveighing against the idolatries of the world. PULL BACK to show the screening room half-filled with network and programming executives, spotted around the room. DIANA is there and her top assistants. -- BARBARA SCHLESINGER and TOMY PELLEGRINO. FRANK HACKETT is there; NELSON CHANEY, HERB THACKERAY (Stations Relations); and JOE DONNELLY and HARRY HUNTER. In b.g., the ranting MOSAIC FIGURE on the wall console roars out his inveighing until otherwise indicated --
0) 32) dialog: (suddenly standing into the shaft of light coming from the projector) No, damn it! If we wanted helli- fire, we'd get Billy Graham! We don't want faith-healers, tentshow evangelists or Oberammargau passion- players! Whatabout that terrific new messiah ABC was supposed to have signed up as our competition?
0) 34) dialog: That's him?
0) 36) dialog: Jesus, .turn him off. The MONITOR SCREEN goes blank.
0) 46) dialog: I think the time has come, Max, to re-evaluate our relationship.
0) 48) dialog: I don't like the way this script of ours is turning out. This whole thing started out as a comedy, remember? Now, it's turning into a seedy little drama. Middle-aged man leaves wife and family for young heartless woman, goes to pot. The Blue Angel with Marlene Dietrich and Emil Jannings. I don't like it.
0) 51) dialog: Right.
0) 53) dialog: The simple fact is you're a family man, Max. You like a home and kids, and that's beautiful. But I'm incapable of any such commitment. All you'll get from me is another couple of months of intermittent sex and recriminate and ugly little scenes like the one we had last night. I'm sorry for all those vicious things I said to you last night. You're not the worst fuck I've ever had. . Believe me, I've had worse. And you don't puff and snorkle and make death-like rattles. As a matter of fact, you're rather serene in the sack. MAX, who had gone into the bathroom for his toilet articles, comes out with them, stands, regards DIANA.
0) 55) dialog: I'm sorry I impugned your cocks- manship.
0) 57) dialog: You're being docile as hell about this.
0) 64) dialog: Will you go back to your wife?
0) 66) dialog: (stands) . Stop selling, Max. I don't need you. She exits out into -- INT: THE LIVING ROOM 166. -- and across that to the -- INT: THE KITCHEN 167. ~- where a kettle is steaming. She fetches a cup and saucer from the cupboard and would make some instant coffee but she is overtaken by a curious little spasm. Her hand holding the cup and saucer is shaking so much she has to put them down. With visible effort, she pulls herself together. She moves out of the kitchen to the -- INT: THE LIVING ROOM 168. -- where she stands in the middle of the room and shouts at MAX through the opened bedroom doorway.
0) 67) dialog: (cries out) I don't want your pain! I don't want your menopausal decay and death! I don't need you, Max.
0) 71) dialog: Then don't leave me}
0) 74) text: 141 MAX (Contd) Heartless young woman left alone in her arctic desolation. Music up with a swell. Final commercial. And here are a few scenes from next week's show. He disappears down the foyer. We can hear the CLICK of the front door being opened and the CLACK of the door closing. DIANA sits in her chair, pulling the shower robe around her, alone in her arctic desolation. INT: 20TH FLOOR - UBS BUILDING - LOBBY, 169. LOUNGE, CORRIDOR - 10:15 P.M. A solemn FRANK HACKETT in blue suit walks down the long, empty, hushed corridor to the large double doors of his office (which had originally been EDWARD RUDDY's office). At the doors, NELSON CHANEY is waiting for him.
0) 77) text: 142 HACKETT (Contd) week. Mr. Jensen said he did not like volatile industries and suggested with a certain sinister silkiness that volatility in business usually reflected bad management. He didn't really care if Howard Beale was the number one show in television or the fiftieth. He didn't really care if the Beale Show lost money. The network should be stabilized so that it can carry a losing show and still maintain an overall profit. Mr. Jensen has an important message he wants conveyed to the American people, and Howard Beale is conveying it. He wants Howard Beale on the air, and he wants him kept on. I would describe his position on this as inflexible. Where does that put us, Diana?
0) 78) dialog: (taking papers out of her attache case) That puts us in the shithouse, that's where that puts us. (holds up her sheaf of papers) . Do you want me to go through this?
0) 80) dialog: I have an advance TVQ report here. The Beale show Q score, which was forty-seven in the May book, is down to thirty-three and falling. Most of this loss occurred in the child and teen and eighteen-thirty-four categories, which were our core markets. NBC Nightly News, by contrast, has gone up to a twenty- nine Q, and, at this rate, will pass us by the end of July. Every- body here knows the Neilsen and share-trend scores. Let me just capsulate our own AR demographic reports which have been extensive. It is the AR department's carefully considered judgment -- and mine -- that if we get rid of Beale, we (MORE)
0) 85) text: 143 DIANA (Contd) should be able to maintain a very respectable share in the high twenties, possibly thirty, with a comparable Q level. The other segments on the Beale show -~- Sybil the Soothsayer, Jim Webbing, the Vox Populi -- have all developed their own audiences. Our AR reports show without exception that it is Howard Beale that's the destructive force here. Minimally, we are talking about a ten point differential in shares. I think Joe ought to spell it out for us. Joe?
0) 96) text: 144 Another long contemplative silence. HACKETT (Contd) I don't suppose you have any ideas on that, Diana.
0) 97) dialog: Well, what would you fellows say to an assassination? -- INT: THE LOBBY - UBS BUILDING - A FEW DAYS 172.
0) 106) dialog: Syndication profits are minimal.
0) 120) dialog: I don't see we have any option, Frank, Let's kill the son of a bitch. INT: THE BEALE STUDIO 18i. The APPLAUSE for HOWARD BEALE has died. HUSH -- suddenly, the HUSH is shattered by a HORRENDOUS ENFILADE of GUNFIRE. An embroidery of red bullet holes perforate HOWARD's shirt and jacket, and we might even see the impact of a head wound as he pitches backwards dead. . A BANK OF FOUR COLOR TELEVISION MONITORS 182. It is 7:14 P.M., WEDNESDAY, July 9, 1975, and we are watching the network news programs on CBS, NBC, ABC and UBS-TV. The AUDIO is ON: headshots of