0) 12) dialog: (exploding off the chair I'm tired of this hysteria about Howard Beale!
0) 14) dialog: (raging around the room) And I'm tired of finding you on the goddamned phone every time I turn around! I'm tired of being an accessory in your life! He finds himself by the upstage typewriter, which he sweeps crashing off the bridge table, sending the welter of papers there flying off in a storm -- MAX (cont 'd) -- and I'm tired of pretending to write this dumb book about my maverick days in those great early years of television! Every execu- tive fired from a network in the last twenty years has written this dumb book about the great early days of television! Nobody wants another dumb book about the great | goddamned early days of television!
0) 16) dialog: It's the truth. After six months of living with you, I'm turning into one of your scripts. But this isn't a script, Diana. There's some real actual life going on here. I went to visit my wife today because she's in a state of depression, so . depressed my daughter flew in from Seattle to be with her. And I feel lousy about that. I feel lousy (MORE )
0) 20) dialog: I just want you to love me, Diana. I just want you to love me, primal doubts and all. You understand that, don't you? For one brief moment, you could almost believe she does understand. She stares, eyes-locked with MAX, her eyes threatening to well with tears. There are certainly tears in 's eyes.
0) 47) dialog: So I see.
0) 50) dialog: So you've decided to cancel the show.
0) 52) dialog: Listen, I'll do that. He moves to the bed to take over the packing. She sits in one of the bedroom chairs.
0) 54) dialog: Why do women always think the most savage thing they can say to a man is to impugn his cocks- manship?
0) 56) dialog: I stopped comparing genitals back in the schoolyard.
0) 58) dialog: Hell, Diana, I knew it was over between us weeks ago.
0) 65) dialog: I'll try, but I don't think she'll jump at it. But don't worry about me. I'll manage. I always have, always will. I'm more concerned about you. Once I go, you'll be back in the eye of your own desolate terrors. Fifty dollar studs and the nightly sleepless contemplation of suicide. You're not the boozer type, so I figure a year, maybe two before you crack up or jump out your fourteenth floor office window.
0) 68) dialog: You need me badly! I'm your last contact with human reality! (MORE)
0) 70) text: You need me badly. I'm Ment Jast MAX (Contd) I love you, and that painful, decaying menopausal love is the only thing between you and the shrieking nothingness you live the rest of the day! Contact with human cee it. 140 2 -_— He slams the valise shut. and every thing
0) 72) dialog: It's too late, Diana! There's nothing left in you that I can live with! You're one of Howard's humanoids, and, if I stay with you, I'll be destroyed. Like Howard Beale was destroyed! Like Laureen Hobbs was destroyed! Like everything you and the qa institution of television touch is qm destroyed! You are tele- vision incarnate, Diana, indifferent to suffering, insensitive to joy. All of life is reduced to the common rubble of banality. War, murder, death are all the same to you as bottles of beer. The daily business of life is a corrupt comedy. You even shatter the sensations of time and space into split- seconds and instant replays. You are madness, Diana, virulent madness, ~~ aintieee you touch dies with you. Well, not me! Not while I can still feel pleasure and pain and love! ‘ie S nie emeiy winked, He turns back to his valise and buckles it. DIANA finds a chair, sits in it. A moment later, MAX comes ~ out of the bedroom, lugging a raincoat as well as the valise. He lugs his way across the living room, then pauses for a moment, reflects -~ MAX (Contd) It's a happy ending, Diana. Wayward husband comes to his senses, returns to his wife with whom he has built a long and sustaining love. (MORE)
0) 74) text: 141 MAX (Contd) Heartless young woman left alone in her arctic desolation. Music up with a swell. Final commercial. And here are a few scenes from next week's show. He disappears down the foyer. We can hear the CLICK of the front door being opened and the CLACK of the door closing. DIANA sits in her chair, pulling the shower robe around her, alone in her arctic desolation. INT: 20TH FLOOR - UBS BUILDING - LOBBY, 169. LOUNGE, CORRIDOR - 10:15 P.M. A solemn FRANK HACKETT in blue suit walks down the long, empty, hushed corridor to the large double doors of his office (which had originally been EDWARD RUDDY's office). At the doors, NELSON CHANEY is waiting for him.