7) 0) text: At the other end of the mall is a neon-lit Carl's Jr. Hamburger Restaurant. If Swenson's was the warm up, this is the main attraction of the Ridgemont Mall. INT. CARL'S JR. Back-to-school banners hang from the walls. Many kids are lined up at the counters. In the middle of the kitchen, directing all the orders, is a seventeen year old named Brad. He moves confidently, observing the fryer, checking cup supply, and giving an affectionate squeeze to a pretty cashier named Lisa. She lets him kiss her, but only once. A teenage Customer shouts to Brad from the front counter.
7) 2) dialog: We need fifteen Superstars, David!
7) 4) dialog: I'll take care of the fry orders! Just get me the Superstars!
7) 6) dialog: Hey you guys! You had shirts on when you came in here.
7) 9) dialog: Come on, Spicoli. Why don't you just put your shirts back on? See the sign?
7) 12) dialog: No, just a couple of surfers with no shirts on. I took care of it, Dennis.
7) 15) dialog: They were left over from the last shift.
7) 17) dialog: But they weren't mine. Brad laughs, goes back to work.
10) 0) text: Brad pulls into the Ridgemont High parking lot. He drives a beat-up, four-door model LTD sedan. Three friends wait for him near his parking space. They are dressed in the same golf caps with brand logos on the front like CAT, NATIONAL and CHAINSAW.
10) 3) dialog: Six more payments, gentlemen. Brad joins his friends, and they walk towards the gymnasium.
14) 0) text: Standing by the A-B-C-D-E registration counter in the gymnasium, Brad waits to pick up his red ad card. He stands surrounded by his buddies. They nod vigorously at everything Brad says. As he talks, fellow students all say hello or pat him as they pass. One troubled-looking boy, Arnold, walks up to Brad.
14) 2) dialog: Arnold. What's happening? Arnold speaks confidentially to Brad.
14) 4) dialog: You want to work at Carl's?
14) 6) dialog: I can probably get you in there. Just let me talk to Dennis Taylor.
14) 9) dialog: Sis.
14) 12) dialog: Everyone wants to know where Lisa is. How should I know where Lisa is? (to buddies) What am I gonna do? Now my little sister goes to the same high school. The party's over. (to Stacy) So who do you have first period?
14) 14) dialog: Hey-yo.
14) 17) dialog: Nothing... if you like 'Hawaii Five O.' You better get in class, Stacy. That's not the one to be late to. Stacy hurries off.
14) 19) dialog: You should see her in the morning.
16) 0) text: It's packed. The school's outdoor dining area is actually just a small courtyard lined with fast food machines and dominated by a large oak tree in the center. Standing at the center of lunch court, under the large oak tree, is Brad Hamilton and his golf-cap Buddies.
16) 1) dialog: You hear about the surfer in Mr. Hand's class? His Buddies shake their heads.
16) 2) dialog: Told Hand to fuck off.
16) 4) dialog: Thompson! Brad waits for him to pass.
16) 5) dialog: I hear Thompson got canned at Bob's this summer.
16) 7) dialog: Where is he now?
16) 9) dialog: Man. (pause) They make you wear a fuckin' candy stripe suit over there.
16) 11) dialog: Poor guy.
27) 0) text: Stacy arrives home. The Hamilton home has that anonymous prepackaged tract look, like many others in this lower-middle class neighborhood. Brad washes his car in the driveway and listens to the car radio.
27) 1) dialog: Mom says to clean up the pool.
27) 3) dialog: Your friends use the pool. Your friends messed it up.
27) 5) dialog: I take out the garbage.
28) 0) text: The furniture in the Hamilton living room looks like it was gleaned for a sale at Pic 'N Save. Through the living room, one can see a very small, kidney-shaped pool. Stacy checks an erasable telephone message sheet near the refrigerator. There are two names on it: BRAD/STACY. Brad's side is filled with messages. Stacy's is empty. She notices a summer bouquet floral arrangement. Stacy reads the attached note. It reads: "Memories of You, Ron Johnson." She quickly gathers it up and carries it back outside. She fans the door several times to dispel the odor.
29) 2) dialog: They're not home yet.
29) 4) dialog: I'd say... who the hell is Ron Johnson?
31) 0) text: We see Brad operating at full throttle in the kitchen, and taking a moment to sneak a kiss with his girlfriend Lisa as she goes to the front counter to open up a cash register. She allows him only one kiss.
31) 2) dialog: Of course.
31) 4) dialog: Don't worry about it. She gives him a kiss... on the cheek.
31) 5) dialog: Let's go to the Point tonight. She pulls away.
31) 7) dialog: What's there to do at the Point? God, Lisa, we've been going together almost two years, and...
31) 9) dialog: Tool? Tool for what? We've been going together almost two years!
32) 0) text: We see the Hamilton's cul-de-sac home. All the lights are off in the house at this hour. Except for Brad's room.
33) 0) text: Brad is alone in his room. He's prone on his neatly made bed, reading a paperback book entitled Power With Class. On the wall of Brad's room is a large framed photo of a Carl's Jr. hamburger. Brad hears a muffled knock at his door.
33) 1) dialog: Come on in. Stacy walks into Brad's room.
33) 3) dialog: Don't worry about it. Who sent the flowers?
33) 5) dialog: I don't care it you tell me or not. I got problems of my own. He begins pacing.
33) 7) dialog: Are you kidding? Work is great. I kill at work. I don't even mind Mom and Dad making me pay rent.
33) 9) dialog: I've been doing some thinking. It's my last school year. I'm a single, successful guy. I think I want my freedom.
33) 11) dialog: Where did you hear that?
33) 13) dialog: Well... it's true.
33) 15) dialog: Everybody loves Lisa. Everybody loves Lisa. But everybody doesn't have to be her boyfriend. Suddenly, Stacy pops the question.
33) 17) dialog: Why?
33) 19) dialog: Maybe yes. Maybe no.
33) 21) dialog: I didn't say that.
33) 23) dialog: Are you still a virgin?
33) 25) dialog: Don't give me that shit! I know you're still a virgin! Stacy smiles and stands up. She playfully slaps her brother on the arm and walks down the hallway to her room. We can see there is less frill and lace in Stacy's room. The junior high paperbacks are gone. There are no dolls in sight. 
42) 0) text: Inside the bathroom, Brad Hamilton applies the Carl's scrub brush to a felt tip graffiti message near the mirror: I EAT BIG HAIRY PUSSY. He pauses and catches himself in the mirror. He adjusts his hair.
42) 1) dialog: (talking to mirror)  Lisa? I have something to tell you. Look, I'm a senior now. I'm a single, successful guy and I've got to be fair to myself. Lisa... I think I need my freedom. Brad pauses, looks at the mirror soulfully.
42) 2) dialog: Aw, don't do that... don't take it personally, okay? Please? I knew you'd understand, because... The bathroom door opens -- it's Arnold, the boy who Brad got a job.
43) 0) text: Brad stands at the register. We see a prominent display over Brad's head: TRY OUR 100% GUARANTEED BREAKFAST. The last of many harried businessmen customers gets his breakfast order and takes his seat. Brad is joined by Dennis Taylor, the Assistant Manager.
43) 2) dialog: Okay, Dennis. Brad begins polishing the counter and Dennis Taylor returns to his office at the back of the kitchen. Brad watches him disappear behind the door that says: ASSISTANT MANAGER. As soon as Dennis disappears behind the door, the one Businessman in the place rises and returns to the counter.
43) 3) dialog: (nervously) May I help you? The Businessman has short, curly brown hair. He speaks in a whine.
43) 6) dialog: Well, I believe you have to fill out a form. There's a pad right around here.
43) 8) dialog: Well, that's not the way it works, really. And you ate most of your food already, too...
43) 10) dialog: I can't do that. But if you wait a minute...
43) 12) dialog: I'm sorry, sir. Just let me find the forms here.
43) 14) dialog: Mister, if you don't shut up, I'm gonna kick 100% of your ass.
43) 20) dialog: He insulted me first. He called me a moron.
43) 22) dialog: Yes, sir.
43) 26) dialog: I hope you had a hell of a piss, Arnold.
48) 0) text: Spicoli wanders into the assembly, takes a seat on a corner bleacher. He sits just below Brad Hamilton and Lisa. On podium in front of assembly, Cindy Carr and another cheerleader, Dina Phillips, are making a presentation before the school.
48) 7) dialog: Man, I don't even want to see those guys from Carl's again.
48) 9) dialog: Apologize to that wimp? No way. Fuck Dennis Taylor.  They sit in silence for a moment.
48) 10) dialog: I'm just glad we're still together, Lisa, because I need you this year.
71) 3) dialog: All right.
71) 5) dialog: Fish and chips place.
71) 7) dialog: Just a fish and chips place. Brad says nothing more. The students look at each other.
71) 9) dialog: (sullen) Later.
76) 2) dialog: Does Mom know you have company?
76) 4) dialog: Hi, Linda.
76) 6) dialog: Well, you guys, keep it down. I've got some work to do upstairs. Brad turns and heads back inside. He is just out of earshot when they begin talking about him.
77) 0) dialog: who is watching Linda from the window in his room. We see him from behind, peeking out the curtains.
79) 0) text: We see Brad's room. The Carl's burger picture on the wall is conspicuously missing. There is music playing from his stereo -- Pink Floyd's "You and Me". We see Brad. He is kneeling on the bathroom floor, his back to us. His green T-shirt is on, his underwear in a pile on the floor behind him. His arm is pumping slowly. Brad is jacking off.
81) 1) dialog: trying to cover himself and act nonchalant and keep his back turned at the same time. The words barely escape his mouth.
81) 2) dialog: Wait just a... minute.
81) 4) dialog: still kneeling. It had all happened so quickly, so fast
81) 5) dialog: Doesn't anybody fuckin' knock anymore? He slams the toilet seat down and we...
83) 0) text: Brad Hamilton, looks terribly uncomfortable in his Ponce de Leon hat and buccaneer uniform. He rings up an order for an older Customer.
83) 2) dialog: I go to school in the mornings. I have a work study program for the afternoon. He bags one final coffee and punches up the amount.
83) 3) dialog: $8.46, please.
83) 5) dialog: Thank you, and thanks for coming to Captain Kidd. Brad loosens his buccaneer scarf, and starts back towards the kitchen. He is stopped by the sudden appearance of Captain Kidd Assistant Manager, Harold.
83) 7) dialog: Just write me out a bill. While Harold leans down to tally up the fish order, Brad goes to a nearby employee's closet. He has completely perfected the art of changing back into his street clothes, and it takes less than a minute. He is just about to finish buttoning his street shirt when Harold sees him.
83) 9) dialog: This is how I dress all the time.
83) 11) dialog: I thought I'd take it off for the drive over to IBM. It's kind of uncomfortable. Harold can barely fathom the idea.
83) 13) dialog: You really want me to put all this stuff back on?
83) 15) dialog: as he stands there, stoic looking.
83) 16) dialog: I don't believe you're asking me to do this, but okay. He begins taking off his street shirt. He looks at Harold, looks at the boxes, and returns to the closet.
84) 0) text: Brad is driving down the freeway, listening to the music of Bruce Springsteen's "Out in the Streets." He pries open one of the fourteen Catch-of-the-Day boxes on the seat next to him and pulls out a small piece of fried fish. Brad takes a bite. The look on his face says it is the worst piece of shit he has ever tasted. He throws the piece out the window, and drives on. Brad turns to see a girl smiling at him from another car. It makes his afternoon. He returns the smile with gusto.
84) 2) dialog: looking perplexed. Then he realizes that he hasn't taken his Ponce de Leon hat off. Brad drives on.
84) 3) text: as we see the Cruising Vessel move down the highway. We see the Captain Kidd hat go flying out the window. Then the plastic sword, and the scarf. Then a couple boxes of Captain Kidd fish. Then the rest of them. We see Brad rip past the IBM Building.
92) 0) text: Seated at the desk is Mrs. O'Rourke. There is a knock at the door. The door swings open. Brad Hamilton holds out his yellow slip.
92) 2) dialog: Well, to tell you the truth Mrs. O'Rourke, I've kind of been putting it off. I'm not sure what I want to do yet.
92) 4) dialog: I don't know... Burt Reynolds. There is no humor on Mrs. O'Rourke's face.
92) 6) dialog: You know what, Mrs. O'Rourke? I broke up with my girlfriend this year. I lost my job at Carl's, and two other places. I wake up at 5:30 to work at 7-11, then I go to school, then I go back to 7-11. I have to pay rent, you know. My grades haven't been that bad, and now you're telling me that the fun is over. Well, I'm still waiting for the fun to start.
104) 0) text: Stacy is on the phone, calling Damone. We see the phone messages sheet that lists two calls for Stacy, and none for Brad. The line rings four times, then it's answered.
105) 0) text: Brad and Stacy pull up next to the flea market.
105) 2) dialog: See you later.
106) 0) text: Stacy Hamilton watches her brother drive away. Then she looks to both sides, and walks on. She passes the entrance to the Flea Market. She walks around the corner to another building marked BIRTH CONTROL - FREE CLINIC. Brad follows her in the rearview mirror.
110) 3) dialog: Since when do you shop at the Flea Market anyway?
110) 5) dialog: Who did it? Stacy stares out the window. Tears well in her eyes.
110) 6) dialog: You're not going to tell me, are you?
110) 8) dialog: All right, then. It's your secret. Stacy smiles at Brad. Brad smiles back. The car drives on.
118) 0) text: Brad Hamilton stands behind the counter in a red and white striped shirt and cap, making fresh coffee. Jeff Spicoli trudges up to the counter. He looks at Brad. Brad looks at Spicoli. There is an unspoken edge between them.
118) 3) dialog: Go ahead. Just make it quick.
118) 5) dialog: It's the first door on your left. Spicoli disappears into the back room. Brad sighs, looks at the clock. It reads: 11:15. Then he hears Spicoli from the back room.
118) 7) dialog: It's the first door on your left!
118) 9) dialog: First door on your left!
119) 0) text: A moment later, the yellow Firebird pulls into the 7-11 parking lot. A man in a windbreaker comes hurtling out of the car, into the store. He spray paints the scanning camera above the door. He hustles up to the counter, produces a .45 Magnum and points it chest high at Brad. There is a glazed and nervous speedy edge to his voice.
119) 2) dialog: They empty and close the big safe here at midnight.
119) 5) dialog: I'm instructed to tell you that we are on a video alarm system and there are other hidden cameras in the store ...
119) 7) dialog: Okay. (legs are shaking) I just started here, and they just taught me the procedure. I'll give you the money, just let me figure this out.
119) 10) dialog: You motherfucker. Get off my fuckin' case. The Robber is about to react when the bathroom door opens and Jeff Spicoli starts out, wiping his hands on his pants.
119) 13) dialog: There goes your ride home. Brad pulls the under-counter alarm with newfound confidence. Jeff Spicoli stands there, mesmerized at the entire event.
126) 6) dialog: Since when do you guys want to work at 7-11?
126) 8) dialog: Well, 7-11 is a tremendous operation. It's really changed, man. They've got great food, great magazines, videogames... it's class. Total class.
126) 11) dialog: Hey, Thompson! Wendell! Get a job! They laugh, flip him off. Brad is back in his element at last. He moves into the main dancing area, works his way across the room, past the bleachers, when he hears a voice.
126) 15) dialog: Later.