7) 0) text: At the other end of the mall is a neon-lit Carl's Jr. Hamburger Restaurant. If Swenson's was the warm up, this is the main attraction of the Ridgemont Mall. INT. CARL'S JR. Back-to-school banners hang from the walls. Many kids are lined up at the counters. In the middle of the kitchen, directing all the orders, is a seventeen year old named Brad. He moves confidently, observing the fryer, checking cup supply, and giving an affectionate squeeze to a pretty cashier named Lisa. She lets him kiss her, but only once. A teenage Customer shouts to Brad from the front counter.
31) 0) text: We see Brad operating at full throttle in the kitchen, and taking a moment to sneak a kiss with his girlfriend Lisa as she goes to the front counter to open up a cash register. She allows him only one kiss.
31) 1) dialog: Were those flowers really for me, Brad?
31) 3) dialog: How much did they cost?
31) 6) dialog: What's there to do at the Point? Brad shifts his weight, tries to find the right words.
31) 8) dialog: Brad. I don't want to have to use sex as a tool.
31) 10) dialog: I don't want to talk about it here, Brad. Brad prepares to respond. He squints his eyes, prepares for a truly sizzling comeback, when Dennis Taylor, short and prematurely balding assistant manager of Carl's Jr., comes bustling out of his back office. He quickly surveys the situation in the kitchen.
48) 0) text: Spicoli wanders into the assembly, takes a seat on a corner bleacher. He sits just below Brad Hamilton and Lisa. On podium in front of assembly, Cindy Carr and another cheerleader, Dina Phillips, are making a presentation before the school.
48) 8) dialog: If you'd apologize I think Dennis would take you back.
48) 11) dialog: (sighs) Look, Brad, I've been trying to think of a way to tell you this. We're almost out of high school, this is our last year. I think we owe it to ourselves to be free, and meet some new people. Then, if we get back together, we'll know it's the right thing.
48) 13) dialog: But I still want to be friends.
126) 1) dialog: I saw your picture in the paper. You had the greatest look on your face!
126) 3) dialog: Will you sign my annual, Brad? Brad smiles, nods. He signs, and gives her his. We then see Brad's three Buddies from Carl's Jr. come up, pat him on the back and grab his shoulder. Brad studies them warily.