15) 0) text: Stacy barely slips in the door before the final attendance bell sounds. She finds a seat just as the teacher's cubicle door opens at the back of the classroom. A tall figure comes barreling down the aisle. He is Mr. Hand. The man makes a double-speed step to the door at the front of the class, kicks the door shut and locks it. The windows rattle in their frames. Stacy watches, wide-eyed, at her first high school class.
15) 1) dialog: Aloha. My name is Mr. Hand. Mr. Hand writes his name on the green chalkboard before his class. Every letter is a small explosion of chalk.
15) 2) dialog: (almost sweetly) I have but one question for you on our first morning 'together.'  (pause) Can you attend my class? Pakalo?... Understand?... History has proven us one basic fact. Man does not do anything that is not for his own good. It is for your own good that you attend my class. And if you can't make it... I can make you. An impatient knock begins at the front door of the classroom.
15) 3) dialog: We have a twenty-question quiz every Friday. It will cover all the material we've dealt with during the week. There will be no make-up exams. It's important that you all have your Land of Truth and Liberty textbooks by Wednesday. At the latest. The knock continues.
15) 4) dialog: Your grade is the average of all your quizzes, plus the midterm and final, which counts for one-third. Got it? The mystery knocker tries a lazy calypso beat on the front door. No one in Mr. Hand's U.S. History class dares mention it, much less answer it. Stacy grips her desk with the tension of her first day.
15) 5) dialog: Also. There will be no eating in this class. You get used to doing your own business on your own time. That's one demand I make. I don't like staying after class with you on detention. That's my time. I don't like wasting it. Just like you wouldn't want me to come to your house some evening and discuss U.S. History on your time. Pakalo? Hand finally turns, as if he has just noticed the sound at the door and opens the door an inch. Jeffrey Spicoli stands in the doorway, red eyes glistening. His long, blond hair is still wet and streaming down the back of his white peasant shirt. He grins, oblivious to such trivial matters as attendance bells. A Student sitting near Stacy turns to his friends.
15) 7) dialog: Yes?
15) 9) dialog: What class?
15) 11) dialog: (appears enthralled) Really? Spicoli holds his red ad card up to the crack in the door.
15) 13) dialog: (swinging door open) Oh, please. I get so lonely when that third attendance bell rings and I don't see all my kids here. Spicoli laughs. He is the only one.
15) 15) dialog: Mr. Spicoli?
15) 18) dialog: Yes.
15) 20) dialog: No problem at all. I think you know where the front office is. It takes a moment for the words to work their way out of Jeff Spicoli's mouth.
15) 22) dialog: I've taken the time to print up a complete schedule of class quizzes, and the chapters they cover. Please pass them back to the desks behind you... Hand begins passing out stacks of purple mimeographed sheets.
35) 0) text: We are now several weeks into the school year. Mr. Hand is dropping test papers on desks like they are pieces of manure.
35) 1) dialog: C... D... F... F... F... three weeks we've been talking about the Platt Amendment. What are you people? On dope? A piece of legislation was introduced into Congress by Senator John Platt. It was passed in 1906. This amendment to our Constitution has a profound impact upon all of our daily liv.... Mr. Hand stops on a dime. He is like a champion hunting dog that has just picked up the scent. He scans the room.
35) 2) dialog: Where is Jeff Spicoli? There is silence in the U.S. history classroom.
35) 3) dialog: I saw him earlier today near the 200 Building bathrooms. Is he still on campus? Silence.
35) 4) dialog: Anyone? One student sitting next to Stacy raises his hand.
35) 5) dialog: Yes, Desmond?
35) 7) dialog: How long ago?
35) 9) dialog: Okay. Bring him in. Desmond hustles out the door.
35) 10) dialog: What is this fascination with truancy? What is it that gets inside your heads? Mr. Hand begins to pace the aisles as he speaks. Occasionally, for emphasis, he bends down to lecture directly into the students' faces.
35) 11) dialog: There are other teachers in this school who look the other way at truants.  (points to attendance clip on the doorway) It's a little game that you both play. They pretend they don't see you, you pretend you don't ditch. Who pays the price later? You. Desmond returns to the room with a red-eyed Jeff Spicoli.
35) 13) dialog: Thank you, Desmond. (to Spicoli) What's the reason for your truancy?
35) 15) dialog: (in top form) You mean, you couldn't? Or you wouldn't?
35) 17) dialog: Food will be eaten on your time! (pause) Why are you continuously late for this class, Mr. Spicoli? Why do you shamelessly waste my time like this?
35) 19) dialog: I like that. He stands back and admires it. He turns randomly to Stacy.
35) 20) dialog: Don't you like that, Miss Hamilton?
35) 22) dialog: I really like that too. 'I don't know'... that's nice. 'Mr. Hand, will I pass this class?' 'Gee, Mr. Spicoli, I don't know'. I like that. I think I'm going to leave your words on this board for all my classes to enjoy. Giving you full credit, of course, Mr. Spicoli. We hear the blare of the dismissal bell. Stacy and the other students get up to leave. Spicoli stays in place. He has just figured out a truly bitchin' comeback... and his mouth is forming the first word, when Mr. Hand cuts him off.
35) 23) dialog: You can go now. Hand turns back to his desk. The rest of the students have already left. Spicoli's audience is gone. He shrugs and lopes out the door.
82) 0) text: The third attendance bell rings, and Mr. Hand strides to the front of the class. He locks the door. Then he takes the front of the class and notices something very different.
82) 2) dialog: Now in 1898, Spain owned Cuba. Outright. Think about it. Cuba, owned by a disorganized parliament 4,000 miles away. Cubans were in a constant state of revolt. Mr. Hand begins pacing the aisles as he talks.
82) 3) dialog: In 1904, the United States decided to throw a little weight around, and... There is a brief, sharp knock at the door. Mr. Hand whips his head around, like McGarrett. He approaches the door like a cat.
82) 4) dialog: (sweet voice) Who is it?
82) 6) dialog: Again?
82) 11) dialog: Am I hallucinating here? Just what in the hell do you think you're doing?
82) 13) dialog: Mr. Spicoli, you're on dangerous ground here. You're causing a major disturbance in my class and on my time.
82) 19) dialog: And you, my friend. I'll see you for a two-hour detention every afternoon this week. Spicoli eases back in his chair, shrugs. It was a good idea at the time.
123) 7) dialog: That's right, Jeff. Mind if I come in? Spicoli can only nod.
123) 8) dialog: (calling downstairs) Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Spicoli. Hand walks into Spicoli's room, takes off his suit jacket and lays it on the chair back. He stops a moment and catches the stare of Miss January Penthouse on the wall, then turns to Spicoli.
123) 9) dialog: Were you going somewhere tonight, Jeff?
123) 11) dialog: I'm afraid we've got some things to discuss here, Jeff.
123) 13) dialog: Do you want to sit there, Jeff?
123) 15) dialog: Fine. You sit right here on your bed. I'll use the chair here.  (pause) As I explained to your parents just a moment ago, and to you many times since the very beginning of the school year -- I don't like to spend my time waiting for late students, or detention cases. I'd rather be preparing the lesson. Mr. Hand takes a sheet from his briefcase and looks at it. 
123) 16) dialog: According to my calculations, Mr. Spicoli, you wasted a total of eight hours of my time this year. And rest assured that is a kind estimate. He returns the sheet to his case and looks into Spicoli's weed-ravaged eyes.
123) 17) dialog: Now, Mr. Spicoli, comes a rare moment for me. Now I have the unique pleasure of squaring our account. Tonight, you and I are going to talk in great detail about the Davis Agreement, all the associated treaties, and the American Revolution in particular. Now if you can just turn to Chapter 47 of Lord of Truth And Liberty.
123) 19) dialog: Well, then, I'm glad I remembered to bring an extra copy just for you. Hand reaches in his case and produces the book. He hands it to Spicoli.
124) 2) dialog: who nods his head.
124) 3) dialog: Very close, Jeff. Hand reaches over and gets his case.
124) 4) dialog: I think I've made my point with you tonight.
124) 6) dialog: What's that?
124) 8) dialog: Well, you'll find out next year.
124) 10) dialog: If you graduate.
124) 12) dialog: Don't worry, Spicoli. You'll probably squeak by.
124) 15) dialog: Aloha, Spicoli. Mr. Hand exits the room, and descends the staircase of the Spicoli household. Spicoli kicks the door shut, grins, and continues struggling with his tie.
125) 0) text: Tight angle on the emotion-filled face of the lead singer in a cheesy high school band called the T Birds. He is bathed in a blue light, singing the last verse of The Eagles' 'Take It To The Limit'. We pull back to reveal a large, clumsy banner reading: LAST DANCE. Students are pouring into the gym for this event. Many have brought their annual yearbooks. On stage, the lead singer snaps his fingers and the band goes into Nick Lowe's 'Heart of the City'. Some students start to dance. Every one of our characters is either here, or about to arrive. From Charles Jefferson to Spicoli to Mr. Hand. For once, all classes are partying together. But, just as in the beginning of the year on lunch court, the kids are still cordoned off into their distinctive cliques.