19) 10) dialog: Good day, everyone! I just switched to Sanka. I'm running a little slow today, so have a heart.
94) 0) text: The bus pulls up to the front entrance of University Hospital. The students file out and collect next to the front door. Mr. Vargas gleefully addresses the class. This is his favorite field trip.
94) 1) dialog: Today we're going to explore how this hospital works to preserve human life. We'll be visiting every floor, every level where these fine doctors and nurses take care of us, in life... and in death.
95) 1) dialog: Over thirty children are delivered here each day... The class moves on.
96) 1) dialog: This is part of your third quarter exam, and I'd advise you to take careful notes on what we're about to see.
96) 3) dialog: May I just ask you one last time to conduct yourselves with the utmost maturity... The kids are beginning to get very nervous now as they are led down the hall to the "Cold Room." The door to the "Cold Room" has only one sign on it. It reads: CADAVERS -- MEDICAL EXAMINATION ONLY. Mr. Vargas opens the door, and the class seems to gasp.
97) 0) text: There are six examination tables in the "Cold Room". Each of them contains a cadaver covered by a white sheet. Mr. Vargas has gathered the class around one table in particular. He fingers the edge of the white sheet as he talks.
97) 1) dialog: As you know, all the bodies in this room are recently deceased human bio-structures. A student raises his hand.
97) 2) dialog: Yes, Randy?
97) 4) dialog: Most of them were derelicts, Randy. They sold the right for medical examination of their bodies for money. Something like thirty dollars, I believe. Isn't that right, Doctor Miller?
97) 8) dialog: Now this gentleman here is named Arthur. Arthur died from heart failure last week and we are fortunate enough to view his body in its pristine state. Mr. Vargas suddenly pulls the white sheet aside and we see the body of Arthur. The students' eyes widen. Some gasp. Others cover their mouths. Others begin furious notes. Nobody speaks. The body of Arthur is smallish and withered. It is orange, flaky, and not quite real looking. A deep cut has been made in Arthur's chest. Mr. Vargas bends Arthur upright for a better student view. He gestures to the deep cut made in Arthur's chest. The tension mounts.
97) 9) dialog: This incision allows us to pull aside the skin covering of the chest cavity and really observe the human organs as they exist in their natural state.
97) 11) dialog: I want all of you to take a look at the chest cavity for just a moment. Mr. Vargas grabs the two sides of Arthur's chest cavity covering, and rips it open.
97) 12) dialog: Here we have the human lungs and heart, which you can see is actually located in the center of your chest. With a squish, Mr. Vargas reaches inside Arthur and pulls out the human heart for display. The class stands in silent shock. Only one comment escapes from any of them.