3) 0) text: The teenage waitresses in their peppermint pattie uniforms are rushing around, trying to keep up with their orders. A good-looking man in his mid-twenties enters and sits. He wears a plastic name tag that says: "Pacific Stereo Audio Consultant, RON JOHNSON." Two Swenson's Waitresses pass by with supreme indifference, and take their orders into the back kitchen.
5) 0) text: Stacy goes to Ron's table.
5) 1) dialog: So you working hard or hardly working? Stacy thinks it over, decides it's a joke and laughs (a little too late). Ron looks at her soulfully.
5) 5) dialog: How about your phone number? Stacy smiles nervously.
6) 0) text: A teenage boy stands in front of an in-mall theatre across from Swenson's. He wears a stiff over-sized tuxedo suit. He is Mark "The Rat" Ratner, a ticket taker on the job. Mike Damone, a transplanted Easterner, bops over from the record store, eyeing every girl he passes. He stops at the movie theatre.
7) 0) text: At the other end of the mall is a neon-lit Carl's Jr. Hamburger Restaurant. If Swenson's was the warm up, this is the main attraction of the Ridgemont Mall. INT. CARL'S JR. Back-to-school banners hang from the walls. Many kids are lined up at the counters. In the middle of the kitchen, directing all the orders, is a seventeen year old named Brad. He moves confidently, observing the fryer, checking cup supply, and giving an affectionate squeeze to a pretty cashier named Lisa. She lets him kiss her, but only once. A teenage Customer shouts to Brad from the front counter.
9) 0) text: We see all the elements of the first day of school. The students carry new books, explore new lockers, begin to stake out their ground. Someone has taken the steel letters from the green vanguard out front. It reads: "IDG MON SENOR HI
10) 0) text: Brad pulls into the Ridgemont High parking lot. He drives a beat-up, four-door model LTD sedan. Three friends wait for him near his parking space. They are dressed in the same golf caps with brand logos on the front like CAT, NATIONAL and CHAINSAW.
15) 0) text: Stacy barely slips in the door before the final attendance bell sounds. She finds a seat just as the teacher's cubicle door opens at the back of the classroom. A tall figure comes barreling down the aisle. He is Mr. Hand. The man makes a double-speed step to the door at the front of the class, kicks the door shut and locks it. The windows rattle in their frames. Stacy watches, wide-eyed, at her first high school class.
19) 0) text: The class is situated so that all students sit at Bunson burner tables lining the room. Pat is seated at one of the tables and Stacy takes a seat nearby; she looks at the ledge in front of her. It contains a pig embryo. She listens to the conversation next to her.
23) 0) text: Ron sits behind the wheel, humming casually along to the music on his car stereo. Ron has on a light-brown leather jacket. He looks like a contestant for "The Dating Game."
23) 9) dialog: (looks at her knowingly) All right, the point it is. We see Stacy's anxious face, as the car speeds up Ridgemont Drive, with music.
24) 0) text: Stacy and Ron sit in the car, listening to music. The "point" is a natural lookout spot that lovers can "discover." It is behind the baseball field and dugout of Ridgemont High School. Stacy and Ron get out of the car and walk to the baseball dugout.
28) 0) text: The furniture in the Hamilton living room looks like it was gleaned for a sale at Pic 'N Save. Through the living room, one can see a very small, kidney-shaped pool. Stacy checks an erasable telephone message sheet near the refrigerator. There are two names on it: BRAD/STACY. Brad's side is filled with messages. Stacy's is empty. She notices a summer bouquet floral arrangement. Stacy reads the attached note. It reads: "Memories of You, Ron Johnson." She quickly gathers it up and carries it back outside. She fans the door several times to dispel the odor.
31) 0) text: We see Brad operating at full throttle in the kitchen, and taking a moment to sneak a kiss with his girlfriend Lisa as she goes to the front counter to open up a cash register. She allows him only one kiss.
33) 0) text: Brad is alone in his room. He's prone on his neatly made bed, reading a paperback book entitled Power With Class. On the wall of Brad's room is a large framed photo of a Carl's Jr. hamburger. Brad hears a muffled knock at his door.
48) 0) text: Spicoli wanders into the assembly, takes a seat on a corner bleacher. He sits just below Brad Hamilton and Lisa. On podium in front of assembly, Cindy Carr and another cheerleader, Dina Phillips, are making a presentation before the school.
51) 0) text: The film returns to another serene street scene as seen through another front windshield.
64) 0) text: They walk in the front door. The Rat stands uncomfortably in the doorway to the living room.
71) 0) text: The Ridgemont football bleachers are full of cheering students. We see the same basic groups from lunch court, and many more. The cheerleaders are on the field -- Cindy Carr, Dina Phillips and company -- and their cheerleader "husbands" sit directly in front of them in the stands. Linda and Stacy sit in the bleachers with some of the Swenson's girls. The Rat and Damone sit several rows above them, watching. The teachers sit together in another section.
82) 0) text: The third attendance bell rings, and Mr. Hand strides to the front of the class. He locks the door. Then he takes the front of the class and notices something very different.
86) 0) text: They have arrived at Stacy's house. There are no cars parked out front. No one is home.
94) 0) text: The bus pulls up to the front entrance of University Hospital. The students file out and collect next to the front door. Mr. Vargas gleefully addresses the class. This is his favorite field trip.
103) 0) text: Here, at the same corner where she once waited for Ron Johnson, Stacy waits for Damone. Cars pass, no Damone.
112) 0) text: The front door to the Damone house opens, and out walks Mike Damone carrying some books. He looks troubled, burdened, and stares down at the walkway as he moves towards his car. He walks around, starts to pen the car door, then he sees it. There, in white spray paint across the driver's door, is the message: PRICK.