9) 0) text: We see all the elements of the first day of school. The students carry new books, explore new lockers, begin to stake out their ground. Someone has taken the steel letters from the green vanguard out front. It reads: "IDG MON SENOR HI
11) 0) text: We see a shiny, new, blue Mustang whip into the parking lot. Students scatter from the parking space. Behind the wheel is football star Charles Jefferson. A huge, black kid. The halls at Ridgemont part for Charles Jefferson. Rat and Damone are in the parking lot. Damone surrounded by underclassmen (customers) selling tickets.
14) 0) text: Standing by the A-B-C-D-E registration counter in the gymnasium, Brad waits to pick up his red ad card. He stands surrounded by his buddies. They nod vigorously at everything Brad says. As he talks, fellow students all say hello or pat him as they pass. One troubled-looking boy, Arnold, walks up to Brad.
15) 6) dialog: That guy has been stoned since the third grade.
19) 0) text: The class is situated so that all students sit at Bunson burner tables lining the room. Pat is seated at one of the tables and Stacy takes a seat nearby; she looks at the ledge in front of her. It contains a pig embryo. She listens to the conversation next to her.
19) 1) dialog: I'll tell you right now. I'm not going. I'll get sick or something. I'm not going into a room with a bunch of dead guys.
19) 3) dialog: (a Pat Benatar) Have you heard what they do? I'm serious. Have you heard?
19) 4) dialog: What?
19) 6) dialog: You mean he reaches in and pulls this stuff out?
19) 7) dialog: Yes.
19) 8) dialog: Like a heart?
19) 9) dialog: Hearts, lungs, guts... Stacy strains to hear more, just as Mr. Vargas -- a diminutive man holding a coffee mug -- enters the class.
71) 0) text: The Ridgemont football bleachers are full of cheering students. We see the same basic groups from lunch court, and many more. The cheerleaders are on the field -- Cindy Carr, Dina Phillips and company -- and their cheerleader "husbands" sit directly in front of them in the stands. Linda and Stacy sit in the bleachers with some of the Swenson's girls. The Rat and Damone sit several rows above them, watching. The teachers sit together in another section.
91) 0) text: We see Stacy sitting at her usual seat, and she's wearing a bright spring dress with a slight amount of makeup. She looks at Damone's seat with anticipation, but it remains empty as other students file in. Finally, she turns to The Rat.
94) 0) text: The bus pulls up to the front entrance of University Hospital. The students file out and collect next to the front door. Mr. Vargas gleefully addresses the class. This is his favorite field trip.
99) 0) text: The students file out of the hospital, looking like they've just been through a war.
125) 0) text: Tight angle on the emotion-filled face of the lead singer in a cheesy high school band called the T Birds. He is bathed in a blue light, singing the last verse of The Eagles' 'Take It To The Limit'. We pull back to reveal a large, clumsy banner reading: LAST DANCE. Students are pouring into the gym for this event. Many have brought their annual yearbooks. On stage, the lead singer snaps his fingers and the band goes into Nick Lowe's 'Heart of the City'. Some students start to dance. Every one of our characters is either here, or about to arrive. From Charles Jefferson to Spicoli to Mr. Hand. For once, all classes are partying together. But, just as in the beginning of the year on lunch court, the kids are still cordoned off into their distinctive cliques.
126) 2) dialog: Front of the Metro Section. I'm telling my parents, 'I know this guy, I know this guy.' Lisa's boyfriend pulls his arm tighter around her.