21) 0) text: THE BATH HOUSE IS ROCKED, and half the floorboards drop d making a ramp. Gibbs, Marty, Cotton, Pintel and Ragetti r in, firing pistols, join the fighting -- As MERCER strides in with a phalanx of SOLDIERS. Lian att him with a sword; he fires at her, killing her point blan Park pulls a steel chopstick out of her hair, sets out fo vengeance. Pirates flee and scatter -- 533 534 535 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 13.
26) 2) dialog: Our new friend in Singapore was very specific, sir: nine pieces of eight.
26) 4) dialog: Does it matter? There's nothing can hold against the armada, (taps fingers on chest) not with the Flying Dutchman at the lead.
26) 6) dialog: He was mum on that, sir.
30) 10) dialog: Saw her myself, in Singapore. That's news to Jones; he snaps an angry look at Beckett. Beckett waves him off.
30) 17) dialog: He's a sly one, that Jones. Who's going to kill him, if they become him? Beckett considers that; not good.
30) 19) dialog: And the governor? Beckett considers; he is genuinely regretful.
58) 0) text: Sao Feng's men guard Barbossa, Will, Elizabeth and the re of Barbossa's crew. They all wear shackles. Mercer and a crew of sailors fan out on the ship. The sai begin preparations to sail. One tries to take the wheel f Huang. Sao Feng and Will intercept Mercer
58) 2) dialog: Company ship, company crew.
58) 6) dialog: And so it was. (smiles) Lord Beckett wouldn't give up the one ship as might prove a match for the Dutchman, would he? Sao Feng looks around. The sailors outnumber his men, and all are armed, watching for trouble. Sao Feng nods sharpl to his man at the wheel -- he steps aside for the sailor Mercer gives Sao Feng a half-salute and ambles away. Barb sidles up next to Sao Feng.
75) 0) text: Pirates crowd in and before them is a tableau: The chest open. Murtogg and Mullroy, trembling, and several other SOLDIERS have their rifles pointed directly at the heart. And behind them stands -- Mercer. Next to him is a small cannon. The Pirates pull up short. They part as Davy Jone enters. Jones is scared.
75) 2) dialog: Nothing has changed. Jones watches as Mercer puts the chain around his neck.
95) 0) text: On the upper deck, Mercer screams out:
95) 1) dialog: To arms! We will give no quarter! The crew answers, HUZZAH! Davy Jones turns away, as the W RISES, he looks up into the sky ... his hand moves toward his chest
99) 0) text: Mercer spins the wheel of the Dutchman, trying to evade t swirling maelstrom.
99) 1) dialog: Veer off!
99) 3) dialog: Are you mad?
107) 1) dialog: (an order to the crew) Main battery at ready! Davy Jones points his claw --
109) 0) text: Mercer is flanked by two GUARDS, Jones at his side.
109) 1) dialog: Rake 'em! Keep up the barrage! Prepare to board! A CANNONBALL whistles toward them --