3) 0) text: The East India Company Agents keep a look out. DROP DOWN the water below -- IN THE WATER, a dozen or so COCONUTS float lazily with th current. And then one rises up -- the TOP of PINTEL's hea Others rise out of the water -- coconut shells worn like helmets by GIBBS, RAGETTI, COTTON and MARTY. They carry oilskin bundles, take out large rasps, wait, p to file through the bars of a metal grate -- ON THE AGENTS: as they hear wheels SQUEAKING, turn to see TIA DALMA, pushing a cart carrying bird cages with twitte canaries; potions, bottles and bags of flour. Cotton's PA perches atop; JACK THE MONKEY turns the crank of an ORGAN BENEATH THE DOCK -- Gibbs and his crew begin filing throu grate, the noise covered by the music --
5) 0) text: Pintel and Ragetti keep filing -- until suddenly the musi STOPS. Ragetti files one stroke too many, oops -- ON THE DOCKS, one of the Agents regards the Monkey, holdi with the tip of his sword. The other pokes at the cart.
8) 0) text: Two short ATTENDANTS work the boiler and bellow system th feeds steam to the bathhouse above. Gibbs crawls out of a tunnel, followed by Pintel, Ragetti, Cotton ... and then Marty, who did not have to crawl. They see the attendants smile at each other -- no problem -- A HUGE ATTENDANT comes into view. Problem. Ragetti moves crawl back into the tunnel. Gibbs grabs his collar --
10) 0) text: Marty sits atop the huge Attendant, tightening a knot. Co puzzles out the boiler mechanism. Gibbs, Pintel and Raget move out of the room, further under the bathhouse --
14) 0) text: Pintel shoves Ragetti aside, peers through the knothole -
16) 0) text: Pintel flinches at the sight, gives Ragetti a dismayed lo what are you smoking, dude?
20) 0) text: Pintel and Ragetti light a fuse, to a grenade attached to one of the joists -- EXPLOSION --
21) 0) text: THE BATH HOUSE IS ROCKED, and half the floorboards drop d making a ramp. Gibbs, Marty, Cotton, Pintel and Ragetti r in, firing pistols, join the fighting -- As MERCER strides in with a phalanx of SOLDIERS. Lian att him with a sword; he fires at her, killing her point blan Park pulls a steel chopstick out of her hair, sets out fo vengeance. Pirates flee and scatter -- 533 534 535 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 13.
22) 0) text: Our heroes flee down ramps, up ladders, swing on ropes. E India Trading Company AGENTS fire pistols, engage with sw Amid the fighting, a stack of crates is knocked over. Pin pushes Steng out of the way, saving him. Steng grins his thanks -- then suddenly slashes at Pintel who jumps back.
22) 1) dialog: Hey! You're a pirate! Steng slashes, Pintel falls backwards over a rail -- Elizabeth and Barbossa, Cotton and Marty take on an array East India Trading Company AGENTS -- Agents crouch behind the push-cart of Tia Dalma. The cana away from it, through open doors of their cages. The Agen something is wrong, and run -- Just as the cart EXPLODES -- ON A PLATFORM, a wall collapses and Mercer is knocked bac the shadows. He pulls a steel chopstick out of one should then the other. Looks up and sees -- Will comes around a bamboo scrim -- where Sao Feng grabs him. He puts a knife to Will's throat. Fighting, gunfire explosions can be seen past them, through the scrim.
33) 0) text: The monkey, shivering. Ragetti, shivering. Pintel, shiver Tia Dalma stands nearby, not shivering.
33) 1) dialog: No one said anything about cold.
33) 3) dialog: Why didn't the obeah woman just bring back Jack the way she brought back Barbossa? 549 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 22.
33) 12) dialog: -- it signals when a soul comes back to this world from the dead! (Gibbs glares at him) Sorry. 550 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 23. Pintel slinks away, joins Ragetti.
33) 14) dialog: Riddles are not fun! The way it always goes is some poor bloke ends up dead, but just beforehand he realizes no, I wasn't supposed to listen to the sirens, I wasn't supposed to take the pot ‘gold, but by then it's too late and he dies in a horrible and ofttimes ironical manner, and in this case, you and I be the poor bloke! By the time Pintel is done with his rant, all on deck are staring at him. Barbossa grins.
39) 0) text: The Hai Peng crew stumble out of the surf, bedraggled and exhausted. Pintel and Ragetti still carry the ship plank they clinged to for safety.
39) 2) dialog: Really? So, no more waxing all poetic * "bout how you runned away to sea and how you's only truly happiest at sea --
41) 8) dialog: Stow it, the both of you, and that's an order! Understand? Jack and Barbossa stare at Pintel, too incredulous to res Pintel puts his hands up and backs away --
41) 9) dialog: Sorry! Just, with the Captain issue in doubt and all, thought I'd throw my name in for consideration -- sorry.
45) 0) text: Gibbs exits, followed by Jack and Barbossa. Each of them split to opposite stairs, Jack to port, Barbossa starboar They come together at the wheel, with a nervous Cotton in between. Jack adjusts the wheel. Barbossa adjusts it back ON THE STERN DECK, Ragetti surreptitiously readies a fish pole. Moves to the railing, looks down. Drops the line -- IN THE WATER, a pale BODY hurries past, face up, eyes clo hands crossed over its chest. Ragetti lets out a cry, jum back. He edges back to the rail -- A STREAM of BODIES flows past underwater. Old, young, men and women, at different depths and moving at different sp Pintel has joined Ragetti, watching over the side.
45) 1) dialog: Eerie. Downright macabre. 568 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 36.
45) 3) dialog: Be disrespectful, it would.
48) 0) text: No wind. No movement. The crew lays about the deck -- par with thirst, no energy. Pintel tilts a water barrel over head, cracked lips waiting, waiting -- nothing.
48) 1) dialog: No water. Why is all but the rum gone? Gibbs lets a final drop fall from a bottle to his lips --
48) 39) dialog: He's rocking the ship.
50) 0) text: Cotton spins the wheel -- FROM ABOVE, the ship turns sideways to the swell. The shi tilts over. Pintel suddenly figure it out --
50) 1) dialog: He's rocking the ship! Ragetti already has a rope ready.
51) 2) dialog: This was your idea, and the fact that I went along does not make you any less stupid.
51) 4) dialog: Yes it does, my lack of instigating stupid ideas makes me smarter by omission. Next to Pintel's head, Cotton's parrot shakes off water a ruffles its feathers. Elizabeth gazes at the horizon.
51) 6) dialog: Get untied, we need our pistols! Hurry!
51) 19) dialog: Wait. We can still use 'em as clubs! He demonstrates, using the pistol to hammer the air. Rage does the same -- but actually hits Pintel.
53) 0) text: Pintel and Ragetti crawl out of the surf as the other boa land. Jack and Barbossa step onto the sand, spot somethin The rest of the pirates see it, too.
53) 1) dialog: Criminey! Jack and Barbossa walk toward it. Pintel and Ragetti hust past them toward -- The KRAKEN. It lies dead on the shore. Pintel finds a driftwood stick, pokes it.
53) 3) dialog: Ahh, not so tough now, are you? Stupid fish! Serves you right! Jack approaches the Kraken almost reverently.
53) 5) dialog: Kraken slayers! We could carve mini'ture Krakens out of coconut and sell those, too! We could give 'ema slice as a souvenir.
53) 7) dialog: I wonder which of the parts is edible? Jack stares into the huge eye of the beast, his image reflected back. Barbossa appears behind him. 581 582 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 48.
54) 2) dialog: Hey, I know him! There's a SHOUT from outside --
76) 10) dialog: Right this way, Missus Fish. 608 ON THE AFT DECK, the exchange has not escaped Jack. 6
79) 0) text: FROM ABOVE, Shipwreck Island is hollow, with a round wate cove. In the center is Shipwreck City, constructed of bro derelict ships. Moored around the city -- PIRATE SHIPS, of all types, fro all over the world. PULL BACK to find Pintel, Ragetti and Jack as they stare out.
79) 1) dialog: Look at them all!
82) 2) dialog: Those aren't pieces of eight. Those are just pieces of junk. WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 81.
82) 4) dialog: So change the name.
84) 25) dialog: (with awe, to Ragetti) The Code!
84) 27) dialog: That can't be the same pooch, can it?
92) 3) dialog: Is that it?
92) 6) dialog: Is that it?
92) 17) dialog: Why, she's no help at all! (to Barbossa) What now? The WIND PICKS UP AGAIN, causing the sails to shudder --
92) 30) dialog: Hoist the colours It's picked up by the crew, a murmur as they move with pu to their stations, past and around Barbossa. One begins t sing softly "Yo ho, all hands, hoist the colours high ...
105) 0) text: Prepping the cannons. Pintel and Ragetti aim. Beyond them the Flying Dutchman comes into view -- Gibbs comes down the gangway --
121) 0) text: On Pintel and Ragetti, smirking, standing on either side a cannon ... they're up to something. REVEAL Jack-the-Mon crouched inside the barrel. Pintel lights the fuse -- -- KABOOM! -- the Monkey SHRIEKS in GLEE --
125) 0) text: Pintel, Ragetti and Gibbs arrive on deck -- -- as Barbossa fights with the wheel, straining to keep t two ships apart. He yells down --
125) 3) dialog: We've got balls! Elizabeth rushes past --
130) 0) text: Barbossa, Pintel and Ragetti watch in horror as the Dutch is pulled down, spinning, into the depths. Gibbs helps pull Elizabeth over the rail, and then Jack.
136) 1) dialog: Sir, some of the men don't feel entirely settled about leaving Captain Jack behind --
136) 3) dialog: Again.
136) 5) dialog: So we were hoping, it would make us feel a whole lot better regardin' our fortunes, if we could see that item you told us about.
136) 7) dialog: With our own eyes.