3) 0) text: The East India Company Agents keep a look out. DROP DOWN the water below -- IN THE WATER, a dozen or so COCONUTS float lazily with th current. And then one rises up -- the TOP of PINTEL's hea Others rise out of the water -- coconut shells worn like helmets by GIBBS, RAGETTI, COTTON and MARTY. They carry oilskin bundles, take out large rasps, wait, p to file through the bars of a metal grate -- ON THE AGENTS: as they hear wheels SQUEAKING, turn to see TIA DALMA, pushing a cart carrying bird cages with twitte canaries; potions, bottles and bags of flour. Cotton's PA perches atop; JACK THE MONKEY turns the crank of an ORGAN BENEATH THE DOCK -- Gibbs and his crew begin filing throu grate, the noise covered by the music --
5) 0) text: Pintel and Ragetti keep filing -- until suddenly the musi STOPS. Ragetti files one stroke too many, oops -- ON THE DOCKS, one of the Agents regards the Monkey, holdi with the tip of his sword. The other pokes at the cart.
8) 0) text: Two short ATTENDANTS work the boiler and bellow system th feeds steam to the bathhouse above. Gibbs crawls out of a tunnel, followed by Pintel, Ragetti, Cotton ... and then Marty, who did not have to crawl. They see the attendants smile at each other -- no problem -- A HUGE ATTENDANT comes into view. Problem. Ragetti moves crawl back into the tunnel. Gibbs grabs his collar --
12) 0) text: Oilskin bundles are unrolled: swords, pistols and grenade The pirates place the grenades in the floor joists. Ragetti's attention is drawn to a knothole. He peeks thro Gets a better angle with his wooden eye. It catches Pinte attention. Ragetti point up, mouths "Elizabeth!"
14) 0) text: Pintel shoves Ragetti aside, peers through the knothole -
16) 0) text: Pintel flinches at the sight, gives Ragetti a dismayed lo what are you smoking, dude?
20) 0) text: Pintel and Ragetti light a fuse, to a grenade attached to one of the joists -- EXPLOSION --
21) 0) text: THE BATH HOUSE IS ROCKED, and half the floorboards drop d making a ramp. Gibbs, Marty, Cotton, Pintel and Ragetti r in, firing pistols, join the fighting -- As MERCER strides in with a phalanx of SOLDIERS. Lian att him with a sword; he fires at her, killing her point blan Park pulls a steel chopstick out of her hair, sets out fo vengeance. Pirates flee and scatter -- 533 534 535 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 13.
33) 0) text: The monkey, shivering. Ragetti, shivering. Pintel, shiver Tia Dalma stands nearby, not shivering.
33) 2) dialog: I'm sure there's good reason for us suffering.
33) 6) dialog: I knew there was a good reason. CLOSE ON: THE MAP, as Will moves the circles within circl the chart. In the center, a drawing of a ship rotates.
33) 13) dialog: Don't they get it? It's a riddle. Riddles are fun. "Over the edge, back, over again --"
39) 0) text: The Hai Peng crew stumble out of the surf, bedraggled and exhausted. Pintel and Ragetti still carry the ship plank they clinged to for safety.
39) 1) dialog: I hate boats. *
39) 3) dialog: I still love the sea, it's boats * that can't be trusted. Gibbs takes in the utter desolation. *
41) 10) dialog: I would vote for you. Jack steps up to the rail, and ceremoniously pulls out a telescope, the way a Captain would do it. Barbossa steps up beside him. Smirks ... pulls out a MUCH LONGER telescope. Jack stares at it, deflated. Will steps past them, searching the deck for Elizabeth -- 563 564 565 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 34.
45) 0) text: Gibbs exits, followed by Jack and Barbossa. Each of them split to opposite stairs, Jack to port, Barbossa starboar They come together at the wheel, with a nervous Cotton in between. Jack adjusts the wheel. Barbossa adjusts it back ON THE STERN DECK, Ragetti surreptitiously readies a fish pole. Moves to the railing, looks down. Drops the line -- IN THE WATER, a pale BODY hurries past, face up, eyes clo hands crossed over its chest. Ragetti lets out a cry, jum back. He edges back to the rail -- A STREAM of BODIES flows past underwater. Old, young, men and women, at different depths and moving at different sp Pintel has joined Ragetti, watching over the side.
45) 2) dialog: (musing) I wonder what would happen if you dropped a cannonball on one of ‘em. They look at each other -- let's find out! Pintel picks up a cannonball, turns -- Tia Dalma is there fixes them both with stern look. Frightened, Pintel drops the cannon ball.
45) 5) dialog: He wasn't always all tentacle-y?
45) 7) dialog: Now it's boats coming.
50) 2) dialog: We tie each other to the mast, upside down, so we'll be right side up when the boat flips! Pintel thinks about it. Thinks about it. Thinks about it Will gets to the rail as the ship tilts near horizontal, looks out. The sun SINKS into the sea, a small orange fla left -- the Black Pearl tilts the other way --
51) 3) dialog: Well it don't make you no more smart, neither.
51) 7) dialog: Who would we point at?
51) 20) dialog: Sorry. (regards pistol-club) Effective, though.
53) 0) text: Pintel and Ragetti crawl out of the surf as the other boa land. Jack and Barbossa step onto the sand, spot somethin The rest of the pirates see it, too.
53) 2) dialog: Careful!
53) 4) dialog: Hello! I bet folk would pay a shilling to see this! And a second shilling for a sketch of 'em sitting atop!
53) 6) dialog: Or fried! For lunch.
55) 0) text: They rush outside. Ragetti yells something, but words are lost. He points -- 583 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 49. OUT PAST THE REEF floats the Black Pearl -- and next to i a Chinese fighting ship, the EMPRESS. Jack and Barbossa stare. There is a loud CLICK! Their eye go sideways to find -- Tai Huang holds a pistol on them, backed by his men.
79) 0) text: FROM ABOVE, Shipwreck Island is hollow, with a round wate cove. In the center is Shipwreck City, constructed of bro derelict ships. Moored around the city -- PIRATE SHIPS, of all types, fro all over the world. PULL BACK to find Pintel, Ragetti and Jack as they stare out.
82) 7) dialog: I kept it safe, like you said when you gave it to me.
84) 26) dialog: (with awe, to Pintel) As set forth by Morgan and Bartholomew! Teague whistles -- and the PRISON DOG runs into the room, key ring in his mouth. Pintel and Ragetti recognize him -
92) 0) text: Ragetti presents the bowl with the pieces of eight to Barbossa, who puts in the Captain's Knot. SUDDENLY THE WIND DIES. They look up. All the sails are f All the ships are stopped.
92) 7) dialog: You didn't say it right! Everyone stares at Ragetti. Even Ragetti would stare at Ragetti if he could; he's surprised he spoke up.
92) 8) dialog: (defensive) You have to say it right. Ragetti steps up to Tia Dalma. Says softly and with genui love of the sea -- WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 102.
92) 9) dialog: Calypso, I release you from your human bonds. The punk in the bowl bursts into FLAME, the flame licking upward in a twisting column -- and then its gone. The pie of eight decay, their age overtaking them -- Tia Dalma GASPS. She sags. The manacles on her hand becom pitted with corrosion, fragile with rust. She shudders, a they break, fall to the deck. Will struggles forward --
105) 0) text: Prepping the cannons. Pintel and Ragetti aim. Beyond them the Flying Dutchman comes into view -- Gibbs comes down the gangway --
121) 0) text: On Pintel and Ragetti, smirking, standing on either side a cannon ... they're up to something. REVEAL Jack-the-Mon crouched inside the barrel. Pintel lights the fuse -- -- KABOOM! -- the Monkey SHRIEKS in GLEE --
125) 0) text: Pintel, Ragetti and Gibbs arrive on deck -- -- as Barbossa fights with the wheel, straining to keep t two ships apart. He yells down --
130) 0) text: Barbossa, Pintel and Ragetti watch in horror as the Dutch is pulled down, spinning, into the depths. Gibbs helps pull Elizabeth over the rail, and then Jack.
136) 0) text: Barbossa enjoys the sun on his face. Opens his eyes -- Pi Ragetti, Cotton, Marty and others are gathered before him 699 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 129. Murtogg and Mullroy attempt to look inconspicuous.
136) 2) dialog: Again.
136) 8) dialog: To help put an ease to our burden of guilt, so to speak.