3) 0) text: The East India Company Agents keep a look out. DROP DOWN the water below -- IN THE WATER, a dozen or so COCONUTS float lazily with th current. And then one rises up -- the TOP of PINTEL's hea Others rise out of the water -- coconut shells worn like helmets by GIBBS, RAGETTI, COTTON and MARTY. They carry oilskin bundles, take out large rasps, wait, p to file through the bars of a metal grate -- ON THE AGENTS: as they hear wheels SQUEAKING, turn to see TIA DALMA, pushing a cart carrying bird cages with twitte canaries; potions, bottles and bags of flour. Cotton's PA perches atop; JACK THE MONKEY turns the crank of an ORGAN BENEATH THE DOCK -- Gibbs and his crew begin filing throu grate, the noise covered by the music --
5) 2) dialog: Your mother always knew it be you who threw the linens down the well. But she forgave you for it.
5) 4) dialog: The canaries. She grins a black-teeth smile. The Agents jump back. Jack the Monkey goes back to grinding, the music picks up -- BELOW, Pintel and Ragetti return to sawing -- 516
23) 4) dialog: I cannot say. There be something on the seas that even the most staunch and bloodthirsty pirates have come to fear --
33) 0) text: The monkey, shivering. Ragetti, shivering. Pintel, shiver Tia Dalma stands nearby, not shivering.
33) 4) dialog: Because Barbossa was only dead. He didn't know she was standing there.
33) 5) dialog: Jack Sparrow be taken body and soul, to a place not of death, but punishment. The worst fate a person can conjure for himself, stretching on forever ... That's what awaits in Davy Jones' Locker. She moves away.
35) 0) text: Tia Dalma appears on deck. Unlike those around her, she i calm and serene. She tosses her crab claws down onto a ba head. Leans over them, murmurs an INCANTATION. 553 554 555 556 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 25.
35) 1) dialog: Malfaiteur en Tombeau, Crochir 1'Esplanade, Dans 1'Fond d'1' eau! She repeats the phrase, faster and then slower. Moves the claws around in an intricate, repeating pattern -- The ROAR is now DEAFENING. Will wrestles the wheel. Eliza whirls to Barbossa as he pulls himself to his feet.
39) 9) dialog: Witty Jack be closer than you think. All eyes turn to Tia Dalma. A DOZEN CRABS appear, moving over the sand, scuttling sideways up onto her. 560 561
40) 30) dialog: The song has been sung. The Brethren Court is called.
40) 36) dialog: Oh, don't tell me you didn't enjoy it at the time.
45) 4) dialog: (looks out to sea) They should be in the care of Davy Jones. That was the duty he was charged with by the goddess Calypso: to ferry those who died at sea to the other side. And every ten years, he could come ashore, to be with she who loved him truly. But he has become a monster.
45) 6) dialog: No, he was a man, once. Poor unfortunate souls ... now they must find their own way. Ragetti nods, spots something ahead: a small boat, coming toward them, lit by a lantern's glow.
46) 0) text: Will and Elizabeth join Tia Dalma at the rail. Far away other boats can be seen, their own lanterns lit. Gibbs arrives at the rail, loading a rifle, lifts it to a Will stops him.
46) 2) dialog: We are but ghosts to them. They heed us not. WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 37.
46) 14) dialog: A touch of destiny ... Due to the action of the two vessels passing, the rope be to slip toward the edge of the boat.
46) 21) dialog: She must not leave the ship! Elizabeth climbs the rail. Will get there slightly ahead Jack to haul her back.
46) 24) dialog: (shakes her head 'no') He is at peace.
48) 3) dialog: If we can not escape these doldrums before night, I fear we will sail on trackless seas, under starless skies, doomed to roam the reach between worlds ... forever.
76) 4) dialog: Barbossa, why you not giving the order to man the guns? All the Brethren be gathered in this place. You can force them do as you want!
76) 6) dialog: If you no longer want my favor, Barbossa, then perhaps I should be calling a different captain to my cause. Witty Jack would not turn down the promise to survive the coming storm, I think.
76) 8) dialog: Caution, Barbossa. Do not forget it was by my power you be returned from the dead ... or what it means if you fail me. She moves away, but he catches her arm and pulls her clos
83) 0) text: ON TIA DALMA'S LOCKET, open, playing its tune. She shuts . but the TUNE continues. She looks to the shadows beyond the bars ... JONES emerges, his own locket in his hand, open.
83) 1) dialog: My sweet captain ... you've come for me at last.
83) 3) dialog: Long ago. It has been torture, trapped in but this single form, condemned to exist on land, cut off from the sea, from all that I love ... from you. WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 86.
83) 5) dialog: It is my nature. I may have been there the next time. Would you love me if I was anything but what I am?
83) 7) dialog: Many things you were, Davy Jones ... but never cruel. You have corrupted your purpose, and so yourself She reaches a hand out through the bars, toward his chest
83) 8) dialog: ... and you hid away what should always have been mine. She touches his chest, where his heart should be -- and h is REVEALED now, the MAN he once was. He reaches back through the bars, to caress her face ...
83) 10) dialog: I will be free. And when I am, I would give you my heart ... and we would be together, always . He traces his hand down the contours of her face ...
83) 11) dialog: . if only you had a heart to give. She removes his hand from her chest; and now the hand tha was at her throat is his CLAW.
83) 12) dialog: Why did you come? Jones removes his claw from her neck, pulls it back -- it "tings" against the bars of the cell, trapped inside. 6160 WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 87. Jones concentrates, shudders -- and pushes himself THROUG THE BARS, into the cell with Tia Dalma
83) 14) dialog: The Brethren Court, all of them, the last thing they will learn in this life ... is how cruel I can be. Jones nods. He steps away from her, toward the shadows.
83) 15) dialog: And what of your fate, Davy Jones? He pauses. Turns his head toward her without turning from the shadows:
92) 11) dialog: Name him.