61) 1) dialog: You lookin’ for love? From out of the shadows steps CAROL BLUE, 19, black, wear school girl skirt and has her hair in a modern coiled fla Carol exudes a natural charisma, outgoing and brash.
61) 2) dialog: That's what some of us are calling the Lawson workshop, the love school. Is that what you’re lookin’ for?
61) 4) dialog: Me too! (Holds out her hand) I’m Carol Blue.
61) 6) dialog: Well come on then, Mr. Gains, Mr. Lawson is awaitin’ us! She drags him toward a small red brick chapel on the corn
61) 7) dialog: Damn, boy, I’m amazed I saw you, you the darkest nigger I eve’ seen. Louis blushes, he’s in love.
63) 0) text: Louis and Carol walk down the street with three students. men in suits, women in blouses, all nervous, but determin Carol grabs Louis’ hand as they walk hand in hand toward WOOLWORTHS DEPARTMENT STORE.
67) 0) text: Having sat for hours, the students still sit at the count reading books as many white ONLOOKERS stare from a distan Concern fills Carol as she points toward the escalator - A group of angry white TEENAGERS are walking toward them.
69) 0) text: A White Student DUMPS ketchup on Carol’s head. Others lau as they squirt mustard on them. The black students stare forward in zen calm as Louis looks at the counter Manager
71) 0) text: An aggressive student with a CREW CUT punches Louis in th face. Louis FLIES off his stool onto the ground. Carol jumps on Louis followed by the black students to fo coordinated protective ball. The Crew Cut student pulls L out and punches him. Louis looks him in the eye as he hea JAMES LAWSON V.O. You must love your attacker. He punches Louis again. JAMES LAWSON V.O. (CONT’D) Love him with all your heart. As Louis looks up, a massive GLOW OF LIGHT shines behind attacker, a light that is pure and bright and beautiful. JAMES LAWSON V.O. (CONT’D) For it is only when they learn to love you back that we will truly become a Beloved Community. Louis's eyes light up into a trance-like state, he’s havi mystical experience. A smile forms on his bloodied face because Louis now loves this man. Five POLICE OFFICERS hurry into the lounch counter area a immediately handcuff Louis and the other black students.
74) 0) text: Eighty-two proud students, mostly black but a couple whit are seated in a packed courtroom. Louis and Carol sit nex each other, smiling, proud. Then - Louis’s smile drops. He sees Cecil standing in the back of the courtroom, his father looks horrified. Louis walks over to him.
76) 3) dialog: We feel if we pay these fines we would be supporting the injustice and immoral practice that have been performed in our arrest and conviction.
85) 0) text: The master bedroom is being set up with a new blue draped four poster bed, Cecil gracefully helps guide it into pla JACK V.O. And will to the best of my ability. INT. WHITE HOUSE - JOHN JOHN’S NURSERY - DAY Cecil opens a box filled with stuffed animals and meticulously places them in the play pen for a baby boy. JACK V.O. Preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. INT. WHITE HOUSE - CAROLINE’S ROOM - DAY Cecil delicately sets down a rocking horse next to a cano bed as a maid places pink rosebuds out for a young girl. JACK V.O. So help me God.
96) 0) text: Louis and Carol are in the tiny headquarters of the ‘Cong of Racial Equality’. It has a pre-hippy, new age vibe. Th sit with JAMES FARMER, 41, black, theatrical voice.
96) 6) dialog: No, we're just friends. Louis looks disappointed, but he mutters.
100) 0) text: A dozen Freedom Riders are on the bus with a few JOURNALI white. Every black Freedom Rider sits next to a white one The mood is fairly relaxed. Louis sits toward the back, speaking to a JOURNALIST. Carol is asleep a few seats ove
117) 0) text: Carol is in a hotel room for ‘blacks only’ with five brui Freedom Riders watching the speech.
139) 0) text: Louis and Carol lay naked under bed covers in a dank mote room. Louis looks quietly content, but Carol is all busin
139) 1) dialog: We're losing the press. Louis doesn’t say anything.
139) 2) dialog: We're losing the momentum. King is in prison and no one cares, something’s got to happen, we got to make something happen. He turns to her:
139) 5) dialog: I've hated myself since before I was born. How am I supposed to know how to love you? Louis stares at her for a beat. Then - 77.
139) 7) dialog: There’s no press here, we’re losing this thing. We are losin’! She turns to him, an anger building deep in her soul.
139) 8) dialog: You understand me, you stupid nigger, we're gonna lose Selma! SHERIFF JIM CLARK, fat, jabs his nightstick into Louis ri
140) 0) text: In a packed black church, a PASTOR holds up a copy of the Times with a photo of Carol getting beat on the front pag 78.
147) 0) text: Louis, Carol and Martin Luther King are crammed in a room full of beaten up Selma protestors. Everyone is bandaged bruised as they watch the speech.
149) 0) text: The protestors cheer in celebration, Louis and Carol hug joy. The only person not cheering is Martin Luther King because his face is covered in tears.
157) 0) text: A man smashes windows with a baseball bat as fires rage around him. It is violent and aggressive as other LOOTERS back away from him. He turns around as we see it’s - Louis. There is a dark anger in his eyes, transformed by rage. Carol hurries over to him, puts her arms around him
166) 0) text: Gloria is in the kitchen, rolling dough for dinner. She l unhappy, perhaps something is missing from her life. Just then, there is a knock at the door. She opens it to see - 89. Louis and Carol. They both have afros and wear black pant and black leather jackets, a militant ‘black power’ look.
167) 0) text: The entire family is having dinner along with several neighbors, including Gina and Elroy, who is dressed in a uniform. An impromptu welcome home party. There is a tension in the air as no one knows what to mak Louis and Carol’s ‘black power’ look. Cecil is particular put off. Louis glances at Elroy, hates his Navy uniform.
167) 5) dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Gains, but I don’t cook. 90.
167) 13) dialog: We provide free breakfast for children, free medical clinics, and free self defense classes.
169) 12) text: Louis speaks to Carol in the hall outside the room.
169) 14) dialog: What?
169) 16) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
169) 19) dialog: Louis wants to leave. Eldridge Huggins stares at him.
169) 23) dialog: No, soul brother, I’m with you. She walks over to Huggins and puts her arm around him.
169) 24) dialog: I’m not getting beat no mo’, Louis.
173) 0) text: The police car slowly drives down the block looking for a address, inching closer toward its assassins. The Panthers give each other slight nods. Carol nods back but she’s starting to sweat, doesn’t want to do this now. Right when the car gets in their cross hairs, the Panther start BLASTING away. BANG! BANG! BANG! Carol watches for a second, then starts BLASTING as she screams in rage. 96. Louis appears at the head of the block and sees the firin squad. Police sirens can be heard off in the distance as Panthers immediately take off running. Carol sees Louis at the head of the block. They stare at other, Carol with shame in her eyes. Then she runs off. Louis watches her go as the sirens get louder and louder. Finally, he runs away. EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY Cecil drives down the street that still has many burnt do buildings from the ‘68 riot. A few new storefronts have opened that sell incense, candles and African clothes. Men and woman have AFROS and wear colorful DASHIKIS. A se of AFRICAN PRIDE has been infused into the neighborhood. Cecil eyes it all, just doesn’t know what to make of it.
191) 0) text: Carol is in a prison uniform in a federal penitentiary. H arms are covered in prison tatoos, she’s been here for ye
191) 1) dialog: I love you, Louis. I’m sorry I never could say that before, but I really do love you.
191) 2) dialog: 
191) 4) dialog: Don’t ever forget that, okay, baby, please don’t ever forget it. She hangs up. Louis slowly hangs up the phone, then looks over at his w He smiles at his beautiful Sarah...happy with his life. EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - WASHINGTON DC - DAY Driving to work, Cecil sees several boarded up buildings ‘FOR RENT’ and ‘FORECLOSED’ signs. All of the African-Pri stores have shut down and no new businesses are moving in CECIL V.O. Every where I looked, it seemed like another black man was losin’ somethin’ new.