40) 10) dialog: Ten to one those kids never see the inside of that classroo--. They immediately clam up as they see Cecil. Eyeing the ne guy. Cecil holds out his hand.
40) 12) dialog: Carter Wilson, head butler and this is Booker Parker, second butler.
40) 14) dialog: Why don’t you shake the man’s hand first? Booker holds out his hand.
40) 17) dialog: Don’t mind Booker, he’s just angry his name is Booker.
40) 21) dialog: You don’t have to answer, Cecil, no one else does. Cecil turns to Booker, smiles with warmth.
40) 23) dialog: Amen to that! Carter high fives Cecil. Fast friends. Booker smiles.
40) 25) dialog: Welcome to the House. 22.
50) 0) text: Cecil, Booker and Carter watch the announcement with the dishwashers in the kitchen. Everyone has a look of pride.
60) 0) text: Cecil, Booker and Carter help the pastry chef, LUKE JA’DE 50's, passionate, make an elaborate french dessert. CECIL V.O. .--but I loved every minute of it. The Vice-President, RICHARD NIXON, 47, walks in. He feels like the kid in school that desperately wanted to be like
60) 16) dialog: His son just went off to college. 34.
64) 0) text: Twenty butlers and housemen are setting up for a State Dinner. Cecil sets down a plate followed by Carter with t gold flatware, followed by Booker with the wine glasses. RD Warner stands under the painting of Abraham Lincoln as black staff scrambles to set up the ornate room.
82) 0) text: Cecil and Carter quickly wrap Ike’s trophies in newspaper CECIL V.O. ...to move the old President out...
87) 0) text: All of the staff is lined up in the Entrance Hall everyon stands at attention, tense. RD Warner wipes his sweaty br as Cecil whispers to Carter.
87) 2) dialog: I voted for Nixon.
88) 0) text: The Kennedy’s tour the house, looking at all the art work with RD Warner, Cecil and Carter in tow. As Jackie looks around, she seems unhappy. She speaks in a light whisper: 46.
98) 4) dialog: What did he say to you? Cecil looks at him for a beat. Then -
110) 0) text: Booker reads a copy of the Washington Post with the headl ‘REDS AGREE TO SCRAP BASES IN CUBA’. Carter has a huge sm
110) 1) dialog: That was without a doubt the worst two weeks of my entire life. Booker nods, but Cecil still looks scared.
110) 2) dialog: What’s wrong, Cecil? We made it. Cecil tries to smile.
121) 0) text: Cecil and Carter help out the dishwashers wash the china. Everyone is energized except for Cecil who looks distract CECIL V.O. I worried all the time that someone was gonna get killed. Every day I expected the call and I couldn’t think about nuthin’ else. 63. A Polk plate slips through Cecil’s fingers and SHATTERS o the floor. Cecil stares at the destroyed plate in mild sh
121) 3) dialog: It ain’t nuthin’. But Cecil looks really upset at himself. Then Booker walk into the room, his face is ashen.
121) 4) dialog: What’s the matter with you? It’s just a plate. Booker can’t speak, clearly shaken about something else.
125) 5) dialog: The white man prevented you from hitting your shot!
125) 10) dialog: I’ll go. I want to go.
128) 0) text: Cecil and Booker are playing cards, both drinking coffee. Carter reads a newspaper, looks at his watch, it’s 3am.
128) 1) dialog: Does the man ever sleep? In walks LBJ’s wife, LADY BIRD, sweet and private, she sp in an elegant Texan accent. They both immediately stand u
145) 0) text: Cecil, Booker and Carter watch the speech in the kitchen.
178) 0) text: The staff hurries through the Central Hall, bringing in t Carter’s new furniture that has a distinct country flair. The new Chief Usher, SCOTT REXFORD, mid-40’s, clean cut, oversees the melee, he is much warmer than RD Warner.
179) 0) text: The new President, JIMMY CARTER, 52, cherub-like, exudes warmth and charm. He feels like a sweet uncle. He wears a apron as he pours green water from a pot into a bowl. 100.
182) 0) text: Jimmy Carter stands at a podium in front of the press cor
187) 0) text: Jimmy Carter sits across from the Black Congressional Cau They are stern with him, all look frustrated. Their leade REP. JOHN CONYERS, 49, tough, no nonsense. Cecil refills everyone's glasses with waters. He seems focused on the water, but it’s clear he’s listening.
193) 0) text: Cecil walks up the stair landing with a small look of pri on his face, he sees Jimmy Carter sitting on the floor of Treaty Room tieing a fly fishing fly. Cecil stares at the President, he looks beaten up by the depressed. Jimmy sees Cecil through the doorway.
219) 0) text: Hundreds of protestors are outside the South African Emba with signs ‘Freedom in South Africa’ and ‘End Apartheid’. Louis is at the front of the crowd standing next to Amy Carter, who is now 18. Louis talks to a REPORTER.
226) 0) text: The living room is packed with people - Cecil, Louis, Sar Booker, Carter, Howard, Gina and her new husband. Lots of kids and grandchildren. All eyes are glued on the TV: 127.