0) 0) text: Home video footage of an African-American HAND holding up TUXEDO. We hear the elderly voice of its owner: CECIL V.O. This was the tux I wore on my first day workin’ at the White House on September 8, 1957. The video camera pans over to CECIL GAINS, 90, African- American. He is a kind, gentle soul wearing comfy sweatpa and a sweatshirt. We hear the male voice of the CAMERA MA
0) 2) dialog: I liked them all very much.
0) 4) dialog: I especially liked Mr. Nixon, and Mrs. Nixon was just lovely.
0) 6) dialog: Well, he was...different, that’s fo’ sure, but a very special man.
0) 8) dialog: If the Devil wore a green bow in his hair, the good Lord woulda’ named him Annabeth Lewis.
0) 10) text: ANNABETH LEWIS, 45, white, plump, wears a lacy dress and green bow in her hair. She screams at a young Cecil, 8.
0) 13) dialog: My ma just passed and my pa been gone a long tim--
0) 15) dialog: Cuz...cuz...I think yo’ green bow is awful nice, Mrs. Lewis. Her face turns bright red in anger.
1) 0) text: Annabeth is in the kitchen arranging chicken with lemon slices on an ornate gold tray. Cecil pays close attention
1) 2) text: Cecil stands behind Annabeth holding a bowl of potatoes t she scoops on to her HUSBAND and three pre-teen SON’S pla Cecil holds his breathe, struggling to not make a peep. Annabeth serves with a distinct elegance, very delicate. Cecil closely eyes her every move as he quickly sips a ti breathe, then looks around to see if anyone noticed.
2) 0) text: Little Cecil lies awake in a tin shack filled with five o sleeping African-Americans of all ages. Everyone is cramm on the dirty floor, barely able to stretch their legs out Lying on his back, Cecil mimes pouring water. Practicing.
3) 0) text: Cecil pours iced tea for Annabeth who reads Marie Curie’s autobiography. He puts in two spoon fulls of sugar and st
3) 5) dialog: I brought it plain along with some options, Mrs. Lewis. He gestures in Annabeth’s stylish manner toward the tray where there is a filled sugar bowl, a tiny jar of honey, lemon and lime slices, marble tea cakes and oatmeal cooki Annabeth forces herself not to smile as she gives Cecil a slight head bow. He is stunned at the first positive gest
3) 7) dialog: No, Mrs. Lewis. She goes back to her book, flicks her hand at him to leav
4) 0) text: Cecil walks into the family library filled with leather b books. He opens a book and stares at the maze of words. W hear 90 year old Cecil in V.O.: CECIL V.O. I'd never seen anything so confusing in all my life.
5) 0) text: Cecil sits in the corner as everyone sleeps. Using a cand he places his finger under each word, silently mouthing i CECIL V.O. But after awhile I started to get it.
6) 0) text: Cecil is now 15 years old. He sits on the back porch eati grungy meat and potatoes next to the family dog, reading copy of ‘Huckleberry Finn’. He looks up from the book, sa CECIL V.O. Those books ended up being the worst thing to ever happen to me.
6) 1) text: Cecil walks around the cotton field, he looks deeply unha CECIL V.O. Until I started readin’, I always thought the world ended at the edge of the cotton farm.
7) 0) text: Annabeth and Cecil serve the family. Annabeth sets fish o plate and Cecil debones it like a pro. A well oiled duo. CECIL V.O. I decided I wasn’t gone read no mo’ books. Annabeth has a huge fake smile, a servant in her own fami
7) 1) dialog: But it was too late...
8) 0) text: Seated at her chair, Annabeth stares up at Cecil, can’t believe what she’s just heard. She looks almost sad.
8) 2) dialog: I wanna see some of the things I been readin’ about. I been savin’ up for almost three year now. Her face becomes very stoic. She goes back to her book.
8) 4) text: Cecil rides the rails in a freight train car with a knaps He stares at the barren landscape that flies by, enthrall Seated across from him are two grimy HOBOES, white. Excit by the ride, Cecil smiles at them...they don’t smile back
9) 0) text: Sunlight beams in on a sleeping Cecil, blood CAKES his he He struggles to wake up as he feels the pain. He darts aw as he looks around - everything he has is gone.
10) 0) text: Walking down a dirt road with a blood soaked rag to his h he passes a charred abandoned factory with broken windows CECIL V.O. I started to understand why they were callin’ it a Depression. A PRISON TRUCK drives by full of BLACK PRISONERS, all cha together. Cecil stares at the truck, scared this will be
11) 0) text: A line of ragged looking white men, women and kids, are l up in a grimy bread line. They SCREAM and hiss at Cecil.
11) 2) text: Cecil stumbles in to a country town through pouring rain. peers in a window of a closed country store, sees groceri CECIL V.O. .+-and serving chicken au poivre from a silver tray. Transformed into a depraved soul, he finds a large rock, picks it up to throw it through the window... .--but he suddenly STOPS as he sees a glow in the distanc He slowly walks through the rain toward the glowing light The closer he gets, the more his eyes fill with fascinati He walks right up to an ornate glass window at a beautifu Southern HOTEL. Through the window he sees... Three BLACK MEN in elegant black tuxedos. They are placin gold forks next to china dishes in an opulent dining room
12) 2) dialog: I have found that it is better to serve, than be served. The Head Butler tries not to smile.
13) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil is seated on a chair, still being filme
13) 2) dialog: Ah, come on now. I got to start gettin’ ready for tonight.
13) 4) dialog: I got to Washington DC about ten years later. I went there to enlist so I could fight in the war...
14) 0) text: A WEALTHY COUPLE walks in to the grand lobby of the Hotel Waiting for them with scotch on a silver tray is Cecil, n 25. He wears a black vest and tie, exudes class and grace CECIL V.O. ...but the army wasn’t so interested in takin’ negroes.
15) 0) text: Cecil delicately pours red wine into a glass decanter, a candle under it to see the sediments more clearly. CECIL V.O. And the negroes they did take, they only used for cleanin’ and servin’.
16) 0) text: Cecil shakes a martini shaker with grace and style. He tw off the top and effortlessly pours the martini into a gla CECIL V.O. But I wouldn’t have minded.
17) 0) text: Cecil hangs a guest’s suit and shirt into the closet, the checks the buttons on the shirt, one at a time. CECIL V.O. I would've been happy servin’ a Colonel escargot in France... Discovering one of the buttons is loose, he pulls out a needle and thread from his pocket and begins to re-sew it
17) 1) dialog: ...or pouring a General jasmine tea in Tokyo. Then, he hears CRYING in the next room. He peaks in and the shy maid, GLORIA, 22, black, crying on the floor.
17) 2) dialog: What’s the matter, Gloria? She holds up a white dress shirt covered in a red wine st
18) 0) text: Cecil holds the shirt under the sink as he vigorously rub bar of soap over the stain. She watches him, impressed.
18) 1) dialog: There's magic in a simple bar of soap, but it only works if the water is real hot. He holds it up, the stain is coming out. She smiles.
18) 3) dialog: Ah, it ain’t nothin’. But she keeps smiling at him...
19) 2) dialog: I do.
20) 0) text: A wedding reception is being held in the basement. A jazz band plays as dozens of people dance, drink and celebrate 10. CECIL V.O. I didn’t have no kin folk there, but Gloria sho’ made up for it. Cecil walks around serving cocktails. Gloria hurries over takes the tray. He shrugs, embarrassed, just can’t help i She escorts him to the dance floor as the band plays a sl tune. They slow dance, foreheads touching, madly in love.
20) 1) dialog: Should I bring out hors devours? She shakes her head, no. Kisses him on the mouth.
21) 0) text: Cecil carries Gloria into their honeymoon suite, a dank r with dirty carpets. They look like they are in Heaven.
22) 0) text: They lie in bed next to each other, cuddling. Gloria look blissful, but Cecil seems pensive.
22) 2) dialog: I was just thinkin’ about Annabeth Lewis.
22) 4) dialog: I feel so sad for her. (Turns to Gloria) She neve’ had no one love her the way I’m gonna love you. Gloria starts to beam.
22) 5) dialog: I’m gonna give you a house and a family and I’m gonna take care of us for the rest of our lives. Nothin’ ever gonna tear my family apart. You hear me, honey bear?
23) 0) text: Cecil changes his clothes in the run down locker room. Th HOTEL MANAGER, 50’s, white, walks in. He looks concerned.
23) 2) dialog: What is it?
24) 0) text: Cecil stands outside the hotel trying to hail a taxi, but none will stop. Panicked, he sees the Wealthy Couple gett into a Bentley. An awkward look as they know he needs a r
25) 0) text: Cecil runs down a street waving at cabs that won’t stop. sprints past a store with a ‘WHITES ONLY’ sign on it.
26) 0) text: Cecil runs past the US Capitol Building.
28) 2) dialog: Please, I need to see her--
29) 0) text: Lying on a hospital bed in a room with four other PATIENT Gloria, she looks terrible, exhausted. Cecil hurries to h
29) 1) dialog: You okay, honey bear?
29) 3) dialog: It’s a boy? She nods.
30) 0) text: Cecil is in the hospital nursery holding his newborn baby who cries with all the other newborns. Cecil is in love.
30) 1) dialog: I promise I’1l never leave you, Louis. His son continues to cry.
30) 2) dialog: Nothin’ ever gonna tear us apart.
31) 0) text: The Gains house is packed with many NEIGHBORS, all Africa American, as Cecil walks around serving all of his friend fried chicken, biscuits and corn on the cob on a silver t CECIL V.O. Everything was real nice for a long time. Seated by himself in the corner is LOUIS, now 12 years ol little chubby, he reads a comic book.
31) 1) dialog: You wanna join the group, Louis? 13. Cecil nods to the BOYS seated in the living room. Louis shrugs, ‘not really’. Cecil gives him an understanding wi A fun neighbor, HOWARD, 40’s, charismatic, grills the boy
32) 0) text: Holding a tray of martinis, Cecil approaches a table of WEALTHY MEN. A man with CREW CUT, 40’s, stern, searches h pocket for matches as he listens to a LOUD PATRON.
32) 2) dialog: (Refined voice) To be honest, Mr. Jenkins, I tend not to be too concerned with American or European politics. The Crew Cut Man smiles, liked the answer.
32) 4) dialog: I think Judge Warren is going to find that quite a challenge.
32) 6) dialog: More spirits, gentleman? Puffing out smoke, the Crew Cut Man grins at Cecil. CECIL V.O. I didn’t know it then...
33) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil stares forward, lost in thought.
33) 1) dialog: ..-but things were about to change.
34) 7) dialog: That magazine neve’ shoulda published that picture. They should be ashamed of themselves. Louis looks at his father.
34) 9) dialog: Who?
34) 11) dialog: The law is different fo’ colored folk than it is fo’ white folk. (MORE )
34) 13) dialog: There's certain things that colored folk can’t do or say. (Then) Never get in trouble with the law, Louis, and you’ll be just fine. Louis stares at him, uneasy with what his dad just told h
35) 0) text: Cecil is changing into his street clothes when the Hotel Manager sticks his head into the room, he looks concerned
35) 2) dialog: No, sir.
36) 0) text: Cecil walks up to the Blair House, a federal-style townho that faces the WHITE HOUSE. He glances at the White House takes a breath, then walks into the Blair House. INT. FREDDIE FALLOW’S OFFICE - BLAIR HOUSE - DAY Cecil sits in a small office, finely furnished with turn the century antiques. He sits across from FREDDIE FALLOWS black, mid-50’s, has the formality of English royalty.
36) 2) dialog: No, sir.
36) 4) dialog: Forgive me for asking, but how did you find me?
36) 6) dialog: A few years ago?
36) 8) dialog: I see. It was quite a surprise getting the call.
36) 10) dialog: Forgive me for saying this, Mr. Fallows, but I certainly wouldn't want to be hired under circumstances that would make you uncomfortable.
36) 12) dialog: Absolutely not. Your job must be immensely challenging, serving the President of the United States. You need butlers that you’ve hand picked, men to your liking that will fulfill your vision of a proper White House staff. Cecil glances at a collection of crystal doves on his des 18.
36) 13) dialog: Are these baccarat? Freddie looks surprised.
36) 15) dialog: Waterford is pleasant, and the Irish certainly make a great whiskey, but I think the French have a distinct advantage when it comes to crystal. Freddie stares at Cecil for a beat. Then:
37) 1) dialog: Y'all ready? They all shout ‘yes’ in unison. Cecil slowly walks down t stairs. They first see his shiny shoes, then his sleek pa and finally the full view - a perfectly tailored tuxedo. The entire room applauds as Gloria tears up, so proud.
38) 0) text: Cecil is in his car in the employees parking lot that overlooks the South Lawn, directly behind the White House gets out and looks around, eyes peeled open in awe.
39) 0) text: Cecil walks down a treeline pathway toward the side entra where flags stick out of lamp posts. He stops at the Secu Gate, a shed with a glass window. 19.
39) 1) dialog: My name is Cecil Gains. I’m the new butler.
40) 0) text: Cecil and Freddie walk through the elegant first floor of entrance hall. Marble walls with red carpet and pink tile floors, a French palace and a museum rolled into one. Four HOUSEMEN, all black, late 20's, are setting up ropes barriers and tables for the White House tour.
40) 2) dialog: Six men just to move the tables? Freddie gives him a ‘you have no idea’ look.
40) 6) dialog: That’s his only job?
40) 8) dialog: Mr. Warner, I just want to thank you for this opportuni-- But RD Warner keeps walking, doesn’t even acknowledge him Cecil is surprised by the snub. Freddie whispers in his e
40) 11) dialog: I’m Cecil Gains, the new butler. Carter shakes his hand first.
40) 19) dialog: I thought we weren’t supposed to discuss politics.
40) 22) dialog: I don’t think those negroes down South want any more trouble than they've already got.
41) 0) text: Cecil and Fallows stand in the State Dining Room, an eleg room with ornate gold curtains, gold chandelier and a mas portrait of Abraham Lincoln over the marble fire place. They hover over a dinning table covered in the finest chi crystal and flatware. Freddie points to the crystal glass
41) 4) dialog: --emptier when I’m in it. Freddie nods.
41) 8) dialog: A true honor, Mrs. Eisenhower.
42) 0) text: Cecil is in the small kitchen with steel appliances and cabinets. He places a teapot on a silver tray as the STAF black, shoot him glances, they know it’s his first servin As he lifts the tray, a photographer takes a picture of h to record the moment. He looks fantastic in his fitted tu holding a beautiful tea set. Freddie whispers in his ear: 24.
43) 0) text: Cecil walks down the hall to the corridor entrance of the Oval Office. A tiny bead of sweat forms on his forehead.
44) 1) dialog: Tea for the president.
45) 0) text: Cecil walks in to the Oval Office and sees DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER standing upright at attention by his desk. His presence is enormous, but he exudes a grandfatherly warmt Cecil tries not to stare at him, but it’s hard not to. He sets the tray down and begins to pour a cup of tea. Two other men are seated on the sofas - the Chief of Staf SHERMAN ADAMS, 56, tough and harsh, is in an argument wit Attorney General, HERBERT BROWNELL, 51, calm and low keye
46) 0) text: Walking out of the Oval Office, sweat freely pours down Cecil’s face. He dabbles a handkerchief on his forehead. CECIL V.O. I was so scared I didn’t hear one word those men said. 26.
47) 0) text: Cecil serves Gloria, Louis and Elroy dinner as everyone listens with rapture.
47) 1) dialog: Then my hands started shakin’.
47) 3) dialog: A little, but I cleaned it before anyone saw.
47) 5) dialog: You know I can’t tell anyone that. Gloria nods, a little disappointed, but understands.
47) 7) dialog: They know everything, but they tell nothing. That’s the butler’s code. Elroy grins, very exciting. Louis clears his throat, loud
47) 8) dialog: You got a bone in your throat or you got something to say? Louis takes out a flyer and hands it to his dad, it reads ‘MAMIE TILL, MOTHER OF EMMET TILL, SPEAKS OUT!’
47) 10) dialog: Absolutely not. No way.
47) 12) dialog: Nuthin’ good can come goin’ to this sort of thing. Nuthin’. I’m sorry, Louis, the answer is no. Gloria glances at Louis who can’t hide his disappointment 27.
48) 6) dialog: I didn’t go to school, Mr. President, I grew up on a cotton farm. Ike stares at him for a beat, then nods. As Cecil turns t leave, he sees a furious Sherman Adams in the doorway.
50) 0) text: Cecil, Booker and Carter watch the announcement with the dishwashers in the kitchen. Everyone has a look of pride.
53) 0) text: Cecil and Louis drag a trunk full of clothes to the cargo load of a Greyhound bus as Gloria waits by the door.
53) 1) dialog: You sure you wanna go all the way down to Tennessee?
53) 3) dialog: I know, I know, it’s just so far away. That’s all. Louis looks right at his dad.
53) 6) dialog: You're the first person in this family to ever go to college.
53) 8) dialog: You make me proud, Louis, you make the whole neighborhood proud. I love you so much.
54) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil stares forward with the same look from bus station, sadness. The Camera Man changes the subject.
54) 2) dialog: What? 31.
54) 4) dialog: There was no typical day.
55) 0) text: CLOSE UP - an escargot dish filled with delicious snails. Cecil sets the tray down in front of the President of Fra CECIL V.O. One day I'd be servin’ escargot to President Charles De Gaulle...
56) 0) text: Cecil hands Ike a putter on the South Lawn putting hole. CECIL V.O. ...the next day I’d be a caddy. Ike misses the shot, slams the putter on the grass.
57) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil smiles into the camera with pride.
57) 1) dialog: I never did make it to Japan...
58) 0) text: Cecil pours tea for Japanese EMPEROR HIROHITO. CECIL V.O. .--but I did get to pour tea for Emperor Hirohito.
59) 0) text: A weary Cecil and Booker place the Truman China back into boxes. The room is filled with all of the White House Chi CECIL V.O. We always worked long hours... 32.
60) 0) text: Cecil, Booker and Carter help the pastry chef, LUKE JA’DE 50's, passionate, make an elaborate french dessert. CECIL V.O. .--but I loved every minute of it. The Vice-President, RICHARD NIXON, 47, walks in. He feels like the kid in school that desperately wanted to be like
60) 2) dialog: We’re all cheering for you, Mr. Vice-President. Carter nods but Booker smiles a little too wide.
60) 12) dialog: Oh, no, sir, that’s none of my business. I just want my boy to have a good education.
60) 18) dialog: Fisk University. Richard Nixon’s face drops. All of his ‘campaign’ enthusi vanishes as the shrewd Tricky Dick pops out.
64) 0) text: Twenty butlers and housemen are setting up for a State Dinner. Cecil sets down a plate followed by Carter with t gold flatware, followed by Booker with the wine glasses. RD Warner stands under the painting of Abraham Lincoln as black staff scrambles to set up the ornate room.
68) 0) text: All of the guests are seated at their tables as Cecil and butlers stand at attention. Freddie nods at the butlers w start serving filet of sole. Cecil elegantly sets one dow
70) 0) text: Cecil sets down the next course of French lamb chops with minted pears in front of a FEMALE GUEST who is so delight she kisses her HUSBAND on the cheek. 38.
74) 0) text: Eighty-two proud students, mostly black but a couple whit are seated in a packed courtroom. Louis and Carol sit nex each other, smiling, proud. Then - Louis’s smile drops. He sees Cecil standing in the back of the courtroom, his father looks horrified. Louis walks over to him.
75) 0) text: A furious Cecil scolds Louis in a corner of the hall.
75) 1) dialog: I worked every day of my life, every single day, to give you the opportunities I never had. And this is what you do with it?!
75) 3) dialog: Ain’t nuthin’ special about a nigger in jail!
75) 5) dialog: You're what?! 40.
75) 7) dialog: All ya’ doing is breakin’ the law! And it’s gonna get you and a lot of other folks killed. I didn’t send my boy off to college to go to his funeral!
75) 9) dialog: Nuthin’ good can come of this. All you’re gonna do is make white folks angrier and get a lot of negroes hurt. That’s what always happens.
75) 11) dialog: You don’t understand, Louis, the law doesn’t work for us, it’s always against us. Always.
79) 3) dialog: We've spent every day with them for the past eight years, and in less than an hour, they gonna be gone. 43.
80) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil shines a pair of black dress shoes, he looks up into the video camera.
80) 1) dialog: Transition is hard.
81) 0) text: Every member of the White House staff carry moving boxes haul furniture down the Center Hall. CECIL V.O. The rule is that the President lives at the White House until the moment the next one is sworn in. The Chief Usher, RD Warner, keeps glancing at his watch a the staff carries out the Eisenhower’s personal belonging INT. WHITE HOUSE - IKE’S BEDROOM - DAY Maids quickly place Mamie’s dresses and clothes into boxe CECIL V.O. So we have exactly two hours during the inauguration ceremony...
82) 0) text: Cecil and Carter quickly wrap Ike’s trophies in newspaper CECIL V.O. ...to move the old President out...
83) 0) text: A 1950's moving van is parked underneath the North Portic The Housemen place the boxes and furniture into the van. CECIL V.O. ...and move the new President in. The moving pulls away as an identical MOVING VAN pulls up its spot. We hear the distinct Bostonian accent of - JACK V.O. I, John Fitzgerald Kennedy, do solemnly swear.
85) 0) text: The master bedroom is being set up with a new blue draped four poster bed, Cecil gracefully helps guide it into pla JACK V.O. And will to the best of my ability. INT. WHITE HOUSE - JOHN JOHN’S NURSERY - DAY Cecil opens a box filled with stuffed animals and meticulously places them in the play pen for a baby boy. JACK V.O. Preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. INT. WHITE HOUSE - CAROLINE’S ROOM - DAY Cecil delicately sets down a rocking horse next to a cano bed as a maid places pink rosebuds out for a young girl. JACK V.O. So help me God.
86) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil looks nervous at the memory.
86) 1) dialog: It’s always scary meetin’ the new President cuz you never know what kinda man he’s gonna be until he moves into that house. (Then) I don’t think he knows either. 45.
87) 0) text: All of the staff is lined up in the Entrance Hall everyon stands at attention, tense. RD Warner wipes his sweaty br as Cecil whispers to Carter.
87) 1) dialog: You nervous? Carter nods, then whispers back.
87) 3) dialog: Me too. Booker leans in and whispers:
88) 0) text: The Kennedy’s tour the house, looking at all the art work with RD Warner, Cecil and Carter in tow. As Jackie looks around, she seems unhappy. She speaks in a light whisper: 46.
91) 0) text: Jackie walks with an exhausted RD Warner and Cecil in tow down the Center Hall pointing at the empty walls.
92) 0) text: Cecil walks in and sees Gloria repainting the living room Her hair looks like Jackie’s and she wears an A-line dres 47.
92) 1) dialog: What in the Lords name are you doing? Gloria waves her hand with a refined touch.
93) 0) text: Cecil is in bed reading a book on Addison's disease. Glor reads a Life article about Jackie. She turns to Cecil:
93) 2) dialog: My goodness, what?
93) 4) dialog: You are without a doubt the most perfect woman I know. Gloria turns away, looks slightly unhappy.
93) 6) dialog: What’s wrong, honey bear?
93) 8) dialog: Cuz he’s in jail? She stares at him for a beat, then changes the subject, pointing at his book.
93) 10) dialog: It’s a condition that causes fatigue and dizziness. Someone new at the House has it. 48.
93) 12) dialog: No, it’s not Jackie.
93) 14) dialog: I don’t know nuthing about that. She curls into his chest, talks in sweet-talky voice.
93) 16) dialog: Yeah?
93) 18) dialog: You know I can’t talk about that stuff.
93) 20) dialog: I’m sorry, honey bear...I just can’t talk about it. She rolls over, shuts off the light. Night. He feels guilty, goes back to his
94) 0) text: Cecil walks into shot into Jack’s
95) 0) text: Cecil walks into the Oval Office with a tea set and water Jack is lying on the floor on a heating pad, still in pai Cecil brings him cortisone pills and another glass of wat Jack is mid-conversation with his brother, BOBBY KENNEDY, tough and mean. He sits with his aide, JOHN SEIGENTHALER, slim, idealistic. Seigenthaler holds up a pen.
98) 0) text: The great musician, PABLO CASALS, 85, wise, finishes a gl of water, whispers to Cecil in his Spanish accent.
98) 2) dialog: What, Sr. Caslas?
98) 5) dialog: Nuthin’. 53.
101) 0) text: The concert over, Caslas shakes hands with the President. Cecil hurries over with cocktails, Caslas whispers to Jac
102) 0) text: Cecil is in the upstairs kitchen taking notes. He writes ‘20 guests, 10 servers, Truman service.’ Then, he hears: BANGING at the end of the hall. He sticks his head out to Bobby Kennedy pounding on Jack’s bedroom door, he’s furio
102) 8) dialog: Of course, Miss Caroline. She walks him to a table in the kitchen. Caroline sits on lap and opens ‘Madeline’s Rescue’. There’s a picture of a spooky looking mansion that looks like the White House.
102) 9) dialog: ‘In an old house in Paris that was covered in vines, lived 12 little girls in two straight lines.’
102) 11) dialog: Exactly. (Back to the book) “The smallest one was Madeline. She was not afraid of mice.” Caroline beams as Cecil tries to not cry, so scared for h son. He puts his arm around Caroline as he continues...
102) 12) dialog: ‘She loved winter, snow and ice.’ 56.
103) 0) text: Cecil and Gloria are on the couch watching Jackie’s White House tour on the TV. They’re tense, nervous.
103) 2) dialog: Hello? His entire body slumps in relief as hears: LOUIS V.O. I'm in Mississippi. Gloria starts to tear up, knowing her son is alive.
103) 3) dialog: I thought you were in Alabama? LOUIS V.O. We spent two weeks in jail there, now we’re in Mississippi.
103) 4) dialog: Please come home. Please. Just for a little while. A few days. Please. LOUIS V.O. That's going to be difficult under the present circumstances.
104) 2) dialog: 
104) 3) dialog: For how long? 57.
104) 5) dialog: Why, Louis?
104) 7) dialog: They're going to kill you. At some point you gonna get killed.
104) 9) dialog: All we do is worry about you. Come home, son, please, just for a little while. We miss you so much.
104) 11) dialog: Why not?
105) 0) text: Cecil lies awake in bed, starring up at the ceiling. CECIL V.O. I was scared all the time... Gloria lies awake on her side, she’s not sleeping either. 58.
105) 1) dialog: .--but it was a scary time.
107) 0) text: Several staff walk through the security gate, all are ten CECIL V.O. ..-but everyday we still came to work.
108) 0) text: Cecil is preparing a sandwich. CECIL V.O. If the President was gonna prevent our nuclear destruction, some one was gonna have to feed him.
109) 0) text: Cecil passes the Red Room and sees one of the maids cryin He immediately gives her a warm hug.
109) 1) dialog: Everything is gonna be fine, Tanya, no one’s gonna get hurt. She nods as she continues to cry, so scared. CECIL V.O. I wasn’t sure we’d make it, but those Kennedy boys were real smart. 59.
111) 0) text: Cecil lies awake in bed again, Gloria awake on her side. CECIL V.O. But for us, the fear was never gonna go away.
112) 0) text: Jack, Bobby and Jackie watch the news footage, they look horrified. Cecil and Booker stand against the back wall, struggling to not appear upset. Jack looks deeply trouble
113) 0) text: Cecil stares at the TV screen, barely able to hide his fe He sees Jack staring at him, he quickly looks forward.
114) 0) text: Cecil is in the Lincoln Bedroom dusting off the dark wood desk. He is about to walk out when something catches his He walks back to Lincoln’s desk and cleans off a small sp
114) 2) dialog: No, Mr. President, I’ve never seen Lincoln’s ghost.
114) 4) dialog: I’ve heard that as well, but I don’t know anyone who’s seen him. Jack Kennedy takes a step forward, lowers his voice.
114) 7) dialog: Is he okay?
114) 11) dialog: Thank you, Mr. President, I don’t want to lose my job...but I just don’t know what to do.
120) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil still looks upset.
120) 1) dialog: I knew this would embolden those kids. Their rebellion was workin’ and there was no way they were gonna stop now.
121) 0) text: Cecil and Carter help out the dishwashers wash the china. Everyone is energized except for Cecil who looks distract CECIL V.O. I worried all the time that someone was gonna get killed. Every day I expected the call and I couldn’t think about nuthin’ else. 63. A Polk plate slips through Cecil’s fingers and SHATTERS o the floor. Cecil stares at the destroyed plate in mild sh
121) 1) dialog: It...it just slipped.
121) 5) dialog: What’s wrong, Booker? Booker looks at the room.
122) 0) text: The flag outside of the White House is lowered to half ma CECIL V.O. We laid him in state in the exact same manner as Abraham Lincoln.
123) 0) text: Cecil and Booker place black webbing over the windows, th room has been completely transformed into a mausoleum. MILITARY GUARDS bring in the flag draped coffin and place on the alter covered in black. Jackie and Bobby follow, s still wears her pink skirt covered in Jack's blood.
124) 0) text: Still in her bloodied skirt, Jackie wanders the hall look at the paintings as she clutches one of her husband's tie Cecil gingerly walks over to her as she mutters:
124) 2) dialog: Is there anything I can do for you, Mrs. Kennedy? Please tell me how can I help you. She smiles at Cecil, holds out the tie for him.
124) 4) dialog: Mrs. Kennedy, I can’t take that.
124) 6) dialog: I will always treasure it. She touches his face, then continues strolling down the h looks almost like a ghost. Cecil walks the other directio As he passes the Lincoln Bedroom he hears Bobby sobbing:
125) 0) text: Cecil lies in bed in his tux, the tie still in his hand. Gloria is clutched in his arms, face red from crying. The lie there in silence. Then Cecil slowly starts to tell he
125) 1) dialog: She's very witty. Most people don’t know that, but she’s very witty and sometimes she can be silly. She’s very relaxed and playful around the house, but when she’s in public she transforms into a different person.
125) 3) dialog: That’s when she becomes more aloof, and mysterious, but always elegant. She’s very complex...and beautiful...and wonderful. (Turns to her) What else do you want to know about Jackie? I'll tell you anything you want to know. FADE TO BLACK.
125) 12) dialog: Not for me.
126) 0) text: LYNDON JOHNSON, 55, gray haired with glasses, fiery, mani sits on the toilet with his pants at his ankles surrounde four queasy staff members. Cecil is jammed in the corner.
127) 0) text: LBJ screams at Cecil in the Queens Room:
127) 2) dialog: No, sir. Cecil flicks off the light switch. LBJ instantly flips to gregarious, jovial southerner as he slaps Cecil on the ba
128) 0) text: Cecil and Booker are playing cards, both drinking coffee. Carter reads a newspaper, looks at his watch, it’s 3am.
128) 2) dialog: What can we do for you, Mrs. Johnson?
128) 6) dialog: I can’t tell you how much we appreciate the gesture, Mrs. Johnson, but no President will ever serve himself as long as we are the White House butlers.
128) 8) dialog: We serve the President, so that the President can serve the country.
129) 0) text: Cecil walks into the Treaty Room carrying a tray with a silver lid. LBJ is seated at the desk on the phone.
130) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil is hand washing his socks in the sink.
130) 1) dialog: Sometimes people grow up one way, but then they can become someone else, I guess.
131) 5) dialog: A pleasure to meet you, Dr. King. King grins at their tuxedos.
133) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil is wringing his socks out.
133) 1) dialog: Oh, sure, I’d hear things from time to time, but I would never listen.
133) 3) dialog: A negro was tellin’ the President of the United States that a five course meal ain’t good enough, he wants all eight courses. I never heard nuthin’ like it in my life.
135) 0) text: A lively party is going down in the basement of the Gains House. Cecil serves all his friends martinis and appetize 73.
135) 6) dialog: President Johnson just passed the greatest piece of civil rights legislation since Lincoln freed the slaves, it’s going to be very difficult to pass another bill anytime soon. Most of the room nods in agreement, when Cecil speaks the listen. He holds up a tray of cocktails to lighten the mo
135) 7) dialog: Now how about some more spirits while we wait? They all smile as they grab another drink. Gloria stares Cecil, it’s clear she disagrees with him. 74. INT. BROWN’S CHAPEL - SELMA, ALABAMA — NIGHT Louis and Carol are with a huge crowd in the pews. They listen to a 39 year old black speaker in a black suit, sk tie and browline glasses. His name is MALCOLM xX.
136) 0) text: Cecil stands in front of the family in his White House Tu for the first time. 14 year old Louis looks at him, uneas INT. BROWN’S CHAPEL - SELMA, ALABAMA - NIGHT
138) 0) text: Gloria walks down the stairs and finds Cecil standing in living room, he holds up a personal check.
138) 1) dialog: What is this? Gloria cringes, knows that she’s been caught.
138) 3) dialog: Have you been sending Louis money? 76.
138) 5) dialog: We’re not gonna pay for him to kill himself. Cecil rips the check up.
138) 6) dialog: If he wants to get thrown in jail then he can pay his own way! Cecil storms up the stairs. Gloria watches him go, upset.
141) 0) text: LBJ watches the newscast on three separate televisions at same time. Lady Bird watches with him, horrified. Cecil stands behind him, trying to find his son on TV. 79.
143) 0) text: Cecil looks terrified, but LBJ is stoic as the news foota reflects off his glasses, it effects him on a deep level.
145) 0) text: Cecil, Booker and Carter watch the speech in the kitchen.
150) 0) text: Cecil watches LBJ on the TV, taken by what he’s saying.
150) 2) text: It’s those kids in Selma, they did this. They made this happen. A tiny smile forms on Cecil’s face.
151) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil is in awe at the memory.
151) 1) dialog: The greatest politician of our time said he could never pass that bill, and then because of my son and his friends, the Voting Rights Act of 1964 was passed. (Then ) Ain't that somethin’. INT. WHITE HOUSE - RD WARNER’S OFFICE - DAY Cecil sits across from the Chief Usher, RD Warner. Cecil nervous, gripping his sweaty palms.
151) 2) dialog: Since the black staff does just as much work as the white staff, I believe our salaries should reflect our service.
151) 4) dialog: I also feel that we should have opportunities at advancement. Black houseman are never promoted to the engineer's office. RD Warner stares at Cecil for a long beat. Then -— 82.
153) 0) text: Louis walks out of the Lorraine Motel, he is deep in thou effected by what MLK said about his father. Then - The sounds of GUNSHOTS explode in the air. Louis drops to knees for cover. He looks up and sees King’s aides standi over a man lying on the balcony. They point to roof tops across the way. EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT Thousands of people are in the streets in Cecil’s neighborhood. People are crying, screaming in anger. A furious black man picks up a trash can and throws it in store window, glass shatters everywhere.
155) 0) text: Still in his Tuxedo, Cecil drives his car down a dark str it’s dark and quiet, almost eerie. On the radio - 84.
156) 0) text: Cecil squirms out of the passenger side window of his car bleeding at his temples. He starts walking down the stree A MOB of hundreds of black men are coming toward him. Gun shots are fired into the air as the mob breaks windows. Police sirens whirl as a RIOT SQUAD pulls up at the end o the block. The RIOTERS march toward the riot police with Cecil directly in between. He doesn’t know which way to g Tear gas is volleyed through the air and lands in the mid of the rioters. Cecil starts coughing from the tear gas.
157) 3) dialog: I'm okay, honey bear, I’m alright. Elroy stares at the fires with anger and frustration.
157) 5) dialog: They’re angry, Elroy.
157) 7) dialog: America is burning for Martin Luther King.
158) 0) text: Cecil drives his tattered car through the war torn street Burnt buildings, rubble everywhere, military police in ta There is a sadness in him at the ruins of his neighborhoo CECIL V.O. Three months later, Bobby Kennedy was assassinated.
159) 0) text: Cecil gets out of his car and walks toward the White Hous CECIL V.O. Seemed like riots were breaking out everyday. They even had one in Chicago during the Democratic Convention.
160) 0) text: Hundreds of protestors stand outside the back gate of the White House entrance. They are mostly white students and HIPPIES dressed in colorful tie-dye clothes and beads. 86. CECIL V.O. And now the white kids were just as angry as the black kids. Holding up Anti-Vietnam War signs, they scream at Cecil a pushes his way through the crowd.
162) 3) text: LBJ looks like a worn out old man, tired, drained, but mo defeated. Cecil stands behind him, sets down a can of Fre
162) 4) dialog: I brought you a Fresca, Mr. President. LBJ looks back at him, smiles through his sadness.
162) 7) dialog: I don’t know, Mr. President. Sometimes I feel like we’re living in two different worlds. All I want is for him to be safe, but no matter what I say, he always gets so angry at me. The Protestors get even louder:
162) 11) dialog: He keeps telling me that I don’t understand him...and maybe he’s right. Maybe I just don’t understand him anymore. LBJ looks at Cecil with a deep pain. He feels the same wa about the country.
163) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil is ironing a pair of black pants.
163) 2) dialog: How much more time do we have? I don’t want to be late.
163) 4) dialog: I’m always sad when the First Family leaves. Always.
164) 0) text: The moving van is parked as Housemen carry LBJ'’s boxes t Right after a Houseman shuts the van door, it takes off. CECIL V.O. But I was also secretly excited that an old friend was comin’ back. An identical moving van immediately pulls up in its place hear the voice of the new President: RICHARD V.O. I, Richard Milhous Nixon, do solemnly swear...
165) 0) text: Richard Nixon and his wife, PAT NIXON, 56, walk down the Center Hall flanked by staff and RD Warner. She is poised lean with a perfect blond coif. Pat is quiet, but not col They are taking a tour of their new living quarters led b Warner. He is flanked by a few aides and the Nixon daught TRICIA, 22, petite blond and JULIE, 20, brunette. Nixon smiles as he gives Cecil his signature Victory salu Cecil gives it back to him.
167) 0) text: The entire family is having dinner along with several neighbors, including Gina and Elroy, who is dressed in a uniform. An impromptu welcome home party. There is a tension in the air as no one knows what to mak Louis and Carol’s ‘black power’ look. Cecil is particular put off. Louis glances at Elroy, hates his Navy uniform.
167) 11) dialog: What kind of name is that?
167) 14) dialog: Self defense classes?
167) 18) dialog: Why not?
167) 20) dialog: But his movies have him fighting for equal rights.
167) 22) dialog: He won the Academy Award...he’s broken barriers for our people.
167) 24) dialog: 
167) 27) dialog: 
167) 32) dialog: 
167) 39) dialog: Get out.
167) 41) dialog: Just get out. Louis and Carol turn around and walk out of the devastate room. Cecil stares at them, fuming in anger.
168) 0) text: Cecil walks down a hall with a tray of tea, the anger and bitterness still plastered across his face. Right when he turns into the room, his face instantly fli to his pleasant smile.
169) 0) text: Cecil brings in a tea for Nixon who is deep in conversati with his two closest advisors - BOB HALDEMAN, 44, crew cu intense, and JOHN EHRLICHMAN, 45, balding, boy scout face
173) 0) text: The police car slowly drives down the block looking for a address, inching closer toward its assassins. The Panthers give each other slight nods. Carol nods back but she’s starting to sweat, doesn’t want to do this now. Right when the car gets in their cross hairs, the Panther start BLASTING away. BANG! BANG! BANG! Carol watches for a second, then starts BLASTING as she screams in rage. 96. Louis appears at the head of the block and sees the firin squad. Police sirens can be heard off in the distance as Panthers immediately take off running. Carol sees Louis at the head of the block. They stare at other, Carol with shame in her eyes. Then she runs off. Louis watches her go as the sirens get louder and louder. Finally, he runs away. EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY Cecil drives down the street that still has many burnt do buildings from the ‘68 riot. A few new storefronts have opened that sell incense, candles and African clothes. Men and woman have AFROS and wear colorful DASHIKIS. A se of AFRICAN PRIDE has been infused into the neighborhood. Cecil eyes it all, just doesn’t know what to make of it.
174) 0) text: Cecil walks into the house and sees Gloria on the couch watching news coverage of Watergate. NEWSCAST V.O. “The White House continues to deny any involvement in the break in at the Watergate hotel.”
174) 1) dialog: Can you please turn that off? I have to deal with Watergate everyday at work, I don’t want to deal with it at home.
174) 3) dialog: A gang of what?
174) 5) dialog: The what? 97.
174) 7) dialog: What do you want me to do about it? Quit?
174) 9) dialog: Cuz if the staff quit every time a President did something we didn’t like, there’d be no staff! Gloria feels bad, kisses him on the mouth.
174) 11) dialog: And when did you start getting so worked up about politics?
174) 13) dialog: Oh my god. Cecil and Gloria hurry out of the house, they look terrif Many neighbors are coming out of their homes as the Offic and Priest knock on a front door. The door opens revealing Gina, she stares at them in mort fear. Before they can speak she screams:
175) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil ties a black tie around his shirt colla CECIL V.O. Everything was changin’ around me so fast. Vietnam took our Elroy and Gloria was startin’ to drift away. (Then) Everywhere I turned, someone new was leavin’ me behind...
180) 0) text: ‘On the Road Again’ continues as Jimmy’s daughter, AMY, 9 round nerdy glasses, roller skates through the Cross Hall Cecil jumps out of the way holding a tray.
187) 0) text: Jimmy Carter sits across from the Black Congressional Cau They are stern with him, all look frustrated. Their leade REP. JOHN CONYERS, 49, tough, no nonsense. Cecil refills everyone's glasses with waters. He seems focused on the water, but it’s clear he’s listening.
189) 0) text: Cecil is on the phone as Gloria anxiously waits for news. Cecil’s eyes drop, so do Gloria’s.
189) 1) dialog: Thank you, I appreciate it. He hangs up, turns to his wife. Then sadly shakes his hea
189) 2) dialog: He lost 51 to 49%. Gloria cringes at how close it was.
189) 4) dialog: It’s been so long. Do you think he wants to hear from us tonight? Gloria shrugs, isn’t sure.
192) 0) text: Cecil eyes the headline on Booker’s newspaper: ‘SUPREME C RULES FOR BAKKE, ENDS RACIAL QUOTAS.” CECIL V.O. And for the first time, I was startin’ to get mad. INT. WHITE HOUSE - CHIEF USHER’S OFFICE - DAY Cecil sits across from the Chief Usher, Scott Rexford.
192) 1) dialog: I’ve been here for twenty years now, and for all that time, the black help has been getting a smaller salary than the white help. I just don’t think it’s right. Scott Rexford is much warmer than the previous Chief Ushe
192) 3) dialog: And there are black housemen who should be engineers by now, they should've been promoted years ago. 108.
192) 5) dialog: I know that we’re in a recession, but I can’t wait out these excuses anymore. I have to be paid the same as the white help or I’1l have to move on. Silence. Scott Rexford is impressed at his forcefulness.
192) 7) dialog: It’s important that it’s not just me, all of the black help needs to get equal pay to the white staff. Scott Rexford smiles.
193) 0) text: Cecil walks up the stair landing with a small look of pri on his face, he sees Jimmy Carter sitting on the floor of Treaty Room tieing a fly fishing fly. Cecil stares at the President, he looks beaten up by the depressed. Jimmy sees Cecil through the doorway.
193) 2) dialog: No, sir.
193) 7) dialog: I never knew him.
193) 9) dialog: I sometimes wonder what he looked like.
193) 11) dialog: I bet your father would be very proud of you, Mr. President. Slight beat.
193) 13) dialog: I don’t think so, Mr. President. His son made it to the White House.
193) 15) dialog: Yes we did, Mr. President. Slight beat, Jimmy’s face falls knowing his doomed fate.
196) 0) text: Ronnie sits with PAT BUCHANAN, 47, jowly, the Communicati Director. They are across from three Republican Senators, RICHARD LUGAR, 53, BOB DOLE, 62 and NANCY KASSEBAUM, 53. Cecil pours tea for Senator Dole who smiles at him.
197) 0) text: Cecil pours out the left over tea from his teapot. He loo disturbed on a deep level.
198) 0) text: Ronnie sits alone behind his desk, he is writing a check for $2000. Cecil walks in. 113.
198) 1) dialog: Yes, Mr. President.
198) 3) dialog: Yes, sir.
198) 5) dialog: Absolutely, Mr. President. Ronnie looks up at him, something on his mind.
198) 7) dialog: No, sir, I was too old for that sort of thing.
199) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil stares into the video camera, still ama 114.
199) 1) dialog: Never in my life had a President of the United States asked me what I thought about anything.
199) 3) dialog: I told him the truth.
200) 0) text: Cecil smiles at the President with understanding.
200) 1) dialog: I sometimes think the same thing about myself, Mr. President. Ronnie nods. Then points at the envelope with the check -
200) 3) dialog: I won’t, Mr. President.
201) 0) text: As Cecil walks into the hallway he hears from behind him.
201) 2) dialog: Yes, Mrs. Reagan?
201) 4) dialog: I’m not a rebel, Mrs. Reagan, it just seemed like it was time. She smiles at him, clearly likes Cecil.
201) 6) dialog: But I’m going to be there, Mrs. Reagan.
201) 8) dialog: But...the President prefers for me to serve him personally.
201) 10) dialog: (Stunned) Yes, Ma’m.
202) 0) text: Wearing a three piece tux, Cecil walks out of his house w Gloria who is in a ball gown. They are greeted with a wil round of applause from the neighbors who are all outside.
203) 0) text: Gloria is being escorted by a Military aide toward the Ea Room. She looks around in total amazement, Cinderella at ball. Cecil wanders behind her like all the other male da
203) 2) dialog: Oh, come on now! Booker starts to laugh. Then from behind them they hear:
204) 0) text: They are seated at separate tables as all of the butlers smile at Cecil, very proud. A BUTLER serves him tomato so
204) 2) dialog: Oh, come on now! Cecil glances over at Gloria who is seated near Nancy, sh beams at the First Lady who is controlling the table. Cecil looks around at all of the butlers serving the room carefully setting down dishes, refilling water and wine glasses. They are an impressive, well oiled machine. But Cecil’s smile slowly starts to drop. He doesn’t know but he doesn’t like what he sees.
205) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil looks confused at the memory.
205) 1) dialog: It was real different sittin’ at the table instead of servin’ it. Real different. 117.
206) 0) text: Cecil walks into the kitchen where Chef Luke is preparing glorious chocolate mouse. All of the staff looks confused
206) 2) dialog: I wanted to see if you needed any help.
206) 4) dialog: Alright, alright.
207) 0) text: All the guests are having after dinner drinks. Cecil look even more unhappy, but Gloria is shinning, outgoing. Book walks over, whispers to Cecil.
207) 2) dialog: Real nice. (Then) Be even nicer if I was here for real instead of for show. Booker smiles at Cecil with empathy, he finally gets it.
208) 0) text: They walk into the house, Gloria is on cloud nine, still high from the night. Cecil looks conflicted, almost confu
209) 0) text: Gloria is asleep, but Cecil lies wide awake. 118. CECIL V.O. I couldn't understand why such a lovely night would cause me so much trouble. He looks over at Gloria who is sound asleep with a big sm
209) 1) dialog: It had a whole different effect on Gloria.
211) 0) text: Cecil passes out cookies to people in the White House tou he looks unhappy. CECIL V.O. For the first time in 34 years I started to feel restless at work.
212) 0) text: Cecil is washing dishes, looks almost angry. CECIL V.O. I felt like I didn’t know who I was anymore. 119.
213) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil is wearing a tie and pants, he cleans o his suit jacket with a lint brush.
213) 1) dialog: Then I remembered that the last time I felt this way was after I read those books when I was a kid.
214) 0) text: Cecil is in a library looking at the stacks of books. CECIL V.O. So I figured they might explain to me why I was upset again all these years later. He pulls a copy of ‘EYES ON THE PRIZE’ off the shelf.
215) 0) text: He sits at a table reading the book. There is a picture f 1960 of the black students at the sit-ins being taunted. CECIL V.O. I remembered when this happened, but I didn’t know how bad it got.
216) 0) text: Cecil reads ‘RACE, REFORM AND REBELLION’ about the Freedo Riders, there is a picture of the burning bus. CECIL V.O. Readin’ about these kids made me embarrassed about how wrong I had been about them at first. They were never criminals...
217) 0) text: Cecil sits on the couch reading ‘PILLAR OF FIRE’, there a pictures of the various student protestors. CECIL V.O. ...they were heroes. All of them. (MORE )
217) 2) dialog: James Bevel, John Lewis, Ella Baker, Stokey Carmichael, Bernard Lafayette, Carol Nash. He turns the page and there is a full page picture of Lou holding a sign that says ‘I AM A MAN.’ Cecil is stunned.
217) 3) dialog: And then there he was, my boy...
218) 0) text: Cecil smiles into the camera.
218) 1) dialog: ...right along the rest of them. For the first time we see the CAMERA MAN - It’s Louis, now 66, he’s bald with grey temples. Tears ro down his cheek as he listens to his father. Cecil smiles his son, so proud.
218) 2) dialog: We had barely spoken for almost ten years, and when I saw your picture I realized that it had been the worst ten years of my life. I never knew I could miss someone as much I missed you.
218) 4) dialog: When you were born I promised you that nuthin’ was gonna ever tear us apart... EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - WASHINGTON DC - DAY Cecil walks down the street, there is still rubble from t ‘68 riots, most of the buildings are run down and boarded a DRUG DEALER on the corner, a PROSTITUTE on another. CECIL V.O. ..-and now it was time to keep my promise. 121.
219) 7) dialog: Hi, Louis.
219) 9) dialog: I came here to protest with you. 122.
219) 11) dialog: I resigned today. Louis is shocked, can’t believe it.
219) 13) dialog: I want to join the Beloved Community. Louis beams as he wraps his arms around his dad in a huge hug. This time, he’s the one that doesn’t want to let go.
220) 0) text: Cecil and Louis sit side by side in a holding cell cramme with 20 other protestors. Cecil looks nervous.
220) 2) dialog: How many times have you been arrested?
220) 4) dialog: ‘We shall overcome. We shall overcome. Louis joins in with him -
220) 5) dialog: ‘We shall overcome someday.’ They continue singing into the next scene... 123.
221) 0) text: Cecil and Gloria are twenty years older with full heads o grey hair. Cecil helps Gloria gingerly walk down their bl ‘BARACK OBAMA FOR PRESIDENT’ signs are on every lawn. CECIL AND LOUIS V.O. ‘We are not afraid. We are not afraid... EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY They continue their walk through the neighborhood, it has been revitalized, lots of new buildings and stores, no mo rubble. ‘BARACK OBAMA FOR PRESIDENT’ signs in every windo CECIL AND LOUIS V.O. ‘,..we are not afraid someday.’
222) 3) dialog: Ain’t it something, honey bear.
223) 0) text: Cecil helps Gloria gingerly sit down on to their bed. 124.
223) 2) dialog: He’d have me send checks to people that sent him letters about how poor they were.
223) 7) dialog: I did too.
223) 9) dialog: He never knew it was from me. They both start to laugh as Cecil walks into the bathroom
223) 10) dialog: I stopped after the fight, but I didn’t want to. How much would you send him? She doesn’t respond.
223) 11) dialog: How much did you send him? He walks back into the bedroom.
223) 12) dialog: Honey bea--? 125. He stops as he sees that Gloria is passed out in an unusu position. Cecil immediately knows that something is wrong
224) 0) text: Cecil is at a podium in front of a packed church next to casket. The audience is filled with a huge crowd, watchin Cecil eulogizes with a joy at his Gloria’s beautiful life
224) 1) dialog: As a poor negro girl growing up in the deep south, never in her wildest dreams did my beautiful wife think she would lead marches and rallies in front of hundreds of black women. The audience applauds.
224) 2) dialog: As a poor negro girl in the deep south, never in her wildest dreams did my beautiful wife dream that she would she see her son become a United States Congressman. Louis smiles as the audience applauds the Congressman.
224) 3) dialog: And as a poor negro girl in the South, never in her wildest dreams would my beautiful wife think she’d see her husband arrested for protesting the Iraq War. Both of them! Wild applause.
224) 4) dialog: The story of my Gloria, is the story of this country. She lived most of her life quiet in the shadows, afraid to lift her head. But when the truth became clear, she found the courage to speak her mind. Not just as a black woman, but as a proud American. She lived a wonderful life, and I am so proud to know her. My family’s only regret... 126.
225) 0) text: Louis is in the basement of his father’s house. He looks all pictures on the walls of Cecil with all of the presidents, but instead of the actors that played the Presidents, it’s Cecil with the actual Presidents. CECIL V.O. ..-is that she never got to vote for a black man, an African- American, for President of the United States. Louis looks at a black and white photo of Cecil with Ike. picture of Cecil serving LBJ. A bronze bust of Robert Ken sits next to JFK’s tie that Jackie gave him.
225) 1) dialog: But in my heart I’1l know that she will see his victory... A picture of Cecil, Booker and Carter smiling with Nixon next to a picture of Cecil and Nancy Reagan.
225) 2) dialog: .-.-she’ll be up in Heaven smiling down with all of our ancestors... He looks at the book case that is filled with dozens of b on African-American history. He pulls a book off the shel and starts to thumb through the pictures.
225) 3) dialog: .+.-So proud of how far America has come. He stops at - a picture of the smiling Emmet Till. All th years later, the image is still very painful for him.
225) 4) dialog: Louis! Get up here! Louis hurries up the steps.
226) 0) text: The living room is packed with people - Cecil, Louis, Sar Booker, Carter, Howard, Gina and her new husband. Lots of kids and grandchildren. All eyes are glued on the TV: 127.
227) 0) text: Everyone in the Gains house watches the TV in awe as President Barack Obama and his family wave to the crowd. There are no tears, no cheers, no noise, just silence, stunned silence as they stare at the new First Family. Lo and Cecil both turn to each other, they can’t believe it.
228) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil wears the suit that he has been prepari the whole film as he ties a tie on Louis.
228) 1) dialog: So let me ask you a question, Congressman.
228) 3) dialog: Why did you have to make your dad worry about you so much all those years? Louis thinks about it, then:
229) 0) text: Cecil and Louis sit in the Entrance Hall of the White Hou Cecil looks around - the paintings, the sculptures, the clocks - it truly is American splendor. Through a door, he sees the HEAD BUTLER, black, teaching new young butler. All of the china, flatware and stem war are lined up exactly how they were when Freddie taught Ce Cecil can’t help but notice that both butlers are black. maid walks by, she is Mexican. Two housemen carry an anti wooden bench down the hall. They are both black. Cecil’s eyes drop ever so slightly. Then, the new Chief Usher, ADMIRAL STEPHEN ROCHON, black, walks up to them.
229) 2) dialog: It’s nice to meet you, Admiral. Did you sign on with President Obama?
229) 4) dialog: (Smiles) Well that’s just fine.