36) 0) text: Cecil walks up to the Blair House, a federal-style townho that faces the WHITE HOUSE. He glances at the White House takes a breath, then walks into the Blair House. INT. FREDDIE FALLOW’S OFFICE - BLAIR HOUSE - DAY Cecil sits in a small office, finely furnished with turn the century antiques. He sits across from FREDDIE FALLOWS black, mid-50’s, has the formality of English royalty.
36) 1) dialog: Are you political, Mr. Gains?
36) 3) dialog: Good, we have no tolerance for politics at the White House. Slight beat. 17.
36) 5) dialog: (Icy) I didn’t. You served RD Warner at the Excelsior Hotel a few years ago. He is the Chief Usher here which means he oversees operations for the entire House. Needless to say, you made quite an impression.
36) 7) dialog: Mr. Warner and myself make note of potential staff around town, but butler positions rarely open as most stay on for 30 years or more.
36) 9) dialog: It was a surprise for me as well. As the White House Maitre D’, I normally hire the butlers. Cecil immediately knows that Freddie doesn’t want him.
36) 11) dialog: You wouldn’t?
36) 14) dialog: Indeed.
36) 16) dialog: Would you care for a demitasse?
40) 0) text: Cecil and Freddie walk through the elegant first floor of entrance hall. Marble walls with red carpet and pink tile floors, a French palace and a museum rolled into one. Four HOUSEMEN, all black, late 20's, are setting up ropes barriers and tables for the White House tour.
40) 1) dialog: We have six houseman who are primarily responsible for furniture and chair arrangements.
40) 3) dialog: There are over 70 full time employees at the House. They walk the Cross Hall passing the Presidential portrai
40) 4) dialog: 16 maids, 6 butlers, 4 carpenters, 2 painters, 7 electricians, 9 engineers, 2 plumbers, 2 grounds keepers, 3 florists, 2 pantry men, 3 dishwashers, 3 doorman, 4 florists, a full kitchen staff including pastry chef and 3 full time calligraphers. Freddie nods at a small MAN who sets a clock in the hall.
40) 5) dialog: And Joe sets all the clocks.
40) 7) dialog: Every hour of every day, he makes sure that every clock is set to the exact time. 20. The Crew Cut Man from the hotel, RD WARNER, walks by. Cec eyes light up, he steps forward.
40) 9) dialog: The Chief Usher is not overly friendly with the colored help. Cecil nods, he gets it. INT. WHITE HOUSE - BUTLER’S LOCKER ROOM - MORNING Cecil enters the plain locker room with chipped benches. butlers are changing into tuxes, BOOKER PARKER, 32, short fiery, and CARTER WILSON, 40, stocky with a solemn demean
41) 0) text: Cecil and Fallows stand in the State Dining Room, an eleg room with ornate gold curtains, gold chandelier and a mas portrait of Abraham Lincoln over the marble fire place. They hover over a dinning table covered in the finest chi crystal and flatware. Freddie points to the crystal glass
41) 1) dialog: The glasses are always placed in the following order: Water, white, red and flute. Always serve from the left and when lifting a plate-- He leans in from the left and effortlessly lifts the plat
41) 2) dialog: --you must never scrape the bottom. The tinkle of silverware will get an immediate report to me which I report to the Chief Usher. Cecil nods, but it’s clear that this is serious business.
41) 3) dialog: You must never listen or react to a conversation. The room should feel--
41) 5) dialog: And never ever rush service, because Mrs. Eisenhower is watching you like a hawk. As if on cue, the door opens and in walks MAMIE EISENHOWE 59, with her SOCIAL SECRETARY. In a sundress, Mamie dress youthful with curly bangs, but she acts like a general.
41) 7) dialog: Very good, Mrs. Eisenhower. Allow me to introduce our new butler, Cecil Gains. 23. Cecil gives a slight head bow.
41) 10) dialog: It is unacceptable, Mrs. Eisenhower and I assure you that his presence will no longer be required. Cecil looks surprised, it’s cutthroat here. Mamie feels b
41) 12) dialog: I prefer not, Mrs. Eisenhower, he has tried both our patience.
41) 15) dialog: Let's begin, shall we.
42) 0) text: Cecil is in the small kitchen with steel appliances and cabinets. He places a teapot on a silver tray as the STAF black, shoot him glances, they know it’s his first servin As he lifts the tray, a photographer takes a picture of h to record the moment. He looks fantastic in his fitted tu holding a beautiful tea set. Freddie whispers in his ear: 24.
42) 1) dialog: You hear nothing, you see nothing, you only serve.
68) 0) text: All of the guests are seated at their tables as Cecil and butlers stand at attention. Freddie nods at the butlers w start serving filet of sole. Cecil elegantly sets one dow
72) 1) dialog: To serving our country. Cecil beams, proud of his work as he clinks his glass. 39.
125) 8) dialog: ‘Black’ folk? 66.
125) 14) dialog: I will be in the Bahamas, celebrating my retirement. (Then) Congratulations, Carter, you are going to be the new Maitre d. The Butlers are stunned, Cecil beams at Carter.
125) 15) dialog: It’s time for me to move on, gentleman, I’m getting old.
229) 0) text: Cecil and Louis sit in the Entrance Hall of the White Hou Cecil looks around - the paintings, the sculptures, the clocks - it truly is American splendor. Through a door, he sees the HEAD BUTLER, black, teaching new young butler. All of the china, flatware and stem war are lined up exactly how they were when Freddie taught Ce Cecil can’t help but notice that both butlers are black. maid walks by, she is Mexican. Two housemen carry an anti wooden bench down the hall. They are both black. Cecil’s eyes drop ever so slightly. Then, the new Chief Usher, ADMIRAL STEPHEN ROCHON, black, walks up to them.