31) 0) text: The Gains house is packed with many NEIGHBORS, all Africa American, as Cecil walks around serving all of his friend fried chicken, biscuits and corn on the cob on a silver t CECIL V.O. Everything was real nice for a long time. Seated by himself in the corner is LOUIS, now 12 years ol little chubby, he reads a comic book.
31) 6) dialog: I...I don’t know. There is a moment of silence, Cecil looks almost embarras
34) 0) text: Seated by himself reading a comic book, Louis notices a g of kids huddled around something. He walks over to them. 15.
34) 1) dialog: What are ya all lookin’ at? A TEEN holds up a copy of Jet Magazine opened to a grueso picture of a black teen boy’s CORPSE with a mutilated fac
34) 2) dialog: Who’s that?
34) 4) dialog: How old was he?
34) 6) dialog: I’m sorry I got so upset at school.
34) 8) dialog: Why did they kill him?
34) 10) dialog: Emmet Till. He didn’t do nuthin’. Cecil doesn’t answer at first. Then -
37) 0) text: Gloria, Louis, Gina and Elroy and several neighbors are a in the living room, waiting. Elroy is very excited, but L looks indifferent, reading a book. From upstairs they hea
47) 0) text: Cecil serves Gloria, Louis and Elroy dinner as everyone listens with rapture.
47) 9) dialog: I really want to go to this.
47) 11) dialog: How come?
48) 0) text: Gloria and Louis are in a packed African-American church.
51) 0) text: Louis and Elroy walk to school as we hear Ike finish up: IKE V.O. “,..indivisible with liberty and justice for all.”
51) 2) dialog: Probably not right away, but I bet by the time I graduate high school, every school will be integrated.
53) 0) text: Cecil and Louis drag a trunk full of clothes to the cargo load of a Greyhound bus as Gloria waits by the door.
53) 2) dialog: Fisk is a really good school, dad. Cecil tries to smile through the pain of losing his son. 30.
53) 4) dialog: That’s the point. He walks back to his mom. Cecil is taken aback, confused. Gloria awaits by the bus door in tears, she hugs Louis.
53) 7) dialog: I know, Dad.
53) 9) dialog: I love you too, Dad. Cecil finally lets go. Louis takes a deep breathe, then g on the bus. The white BUS DRIVER nods to him to go to the back, Louis nods back, no problem, sits at the back. As the bus pulls away from the station, Louis waves to hi parents who wave back. They hold each other as they watch their son go off to college, a sadness filling their soul
61) 0) text: Louis is in a rundown area, wooden shacks with dirt lawns holds a flyer with a picture of a Hindu Goddess on it, written across the top is ‘FELLOWSHIP OF RECONCILIATION’.
61) 3) dialog: Yeah, that’s why I came to Fisk.
61) 5) dialog: Louis Gains. 35. They shake hands, but she doesn’t let go.
63) 0) text: Louis and Carol walk down the street with three students. men in suits, women in blouses, all nervous, but determin Carol grabs Louis’ hand as they walk hand in hand toward WOOLWORTHS DEPARTMENT STORE.
69) 0) text: A White Student DUMPS ketchup on Carol’s head. Others lau as they squirt mustard on them. The black students stare forward in zen calm as Louis looks at the counter Manager
69) 1) dialog: We would like to be served, please.
71) 0) text: An aggressive student with a CREW CUT punches Louis in th face. Louis FLIES off his stool onto the ground. Carol jumps on Louis followed by the black students to fo coordinated protective ball. The Crew Cut student pulls L out and punches him. Louis looks him in the eye as he hea JAMES LAWSON V.O. You must love your attacker. He punches Louis again. JAMES LAWSON V.O. (CONT’D) Love him with all your heart. As Louis looks up, a massive GLOW OF LIGHT shines behind attacker, a light that is pure and bright and beautiful. JAMES LAWSON V.O. (CONT’D) For it is only when they learn to love you back that we will truly become a Beloved Community. Louis's eyes light up into a trance-like state, he’s havi mystical experience. A smile forms on his bloodied face because Louis now loves this man. Five POLICE OFFICERS hurry into the lounch counter area a immediately handcuff Louis and the other black students.
74) 0) text: Eighty-two proud students, mostly black but a couple whit are seated in a packed courtroom. Louis and Carol sit nex each other, smiling, proud. Then - Louis’s smile drops. He sees Cecil standing in the back of the courtroom, his father looks horrified. Louis walks over to him.
74) 1) dialog: Hi, Dad.
75) 0) text: A furious Cecil scolds Louis in a corner of the hall.
75) 2) dialog: You don’t understand. Something is happening here, something special.
75) 4) dialog: We're standing up for our rights. We’re going to change the nation’s consciousness toward the American negro.
75) 6) dialog: We're changing the national consci--
75) 8) dialog: If I can’t sit at any lunch counter I want, then I’m not really alive.
75) 10) dialog: That's what we’re going to change. Cecil stares at him, angry and scared.
96) 0) text: Louis and Carol are in the tiny headquarters of the ‘Cong of Racial Equality’. It has a pre-hippy, new age vibe. Th sit with JAMES FARMER, 41, black, theatrical voice.
96) 2) dialog: So you're going to ride busses into the deep south to confront the law?
96) 4) dialog: We want to be a part of it. James Farmer smiles at his fellow warriors.
96) 7) dialog: Yeah, we're just friends. James Farmer knows that Louis was hoping otherwise.
100) 0) text: A dozen Freedom Riders are on the bus with a few JOURNALI white. Every black Freedom Rider sits next to a white one The mood is fairly relaxed. Louis sits toward the back, speaking to a JOURNALIST. Carol is asleep a few seats ove
100) 2) dialog: No, sir. We do not seek equality with the white man. We want us both to be raised up. The bus slows down, pulling into a bus station. Everyone up alert as they see the bus station is completely EMPTY.
100) 3) dialog: Why isn’t anybody here? A MOB of white people with chains and bats STORM out from behind the bus station. Louis screams at the driver -
100) 4) dialog: 
104) 0) text: Bandages and bruised, Louis is in a blue prison uniform calling from the pay phone. The prison looks like hell.
104) 1) dialog: I've been detained by the local authorities.
104) 2) dialog: 
104) 4) dialog: Three months. When I get out, I’m going to take another Freedom Ride.
104) 6) dialog: Because it is my right to ride that bus. That is my legal right and I will exercise my rights as an American citizen!
104) 8) dialog: They're gonna have to kill me, Dad, because I’‘ll never stop. Cecil’s eyes fill with tears, so scared for Louis.
104) 10) dialog: I’m sorry, Dad, but I can’t.
104) 12) dialog: I’m a Freedom Rider. He hangs up the phone on his father.
116) 0) text: Louis is in a prison cell reading the speech in a newspap A small look of pride, his work is starting to pay off. JACK V.O. Next week I shall ask the Congress to enact legislation giving all Americans the right to be served in facilities open to the public. 62.
136) 0) text: Cecil stands in front of the family in his White House Tu for the first time. 14 year old Louis looks at him, uneas INT. BROWN’S CHAPEL - SELMA, ALABAMA - NIGHT
137) 0) text: The Freedom Bus burns as Louis gets clubbed in the head. INT. BROWN’S CHAPEL - SELMA, ALABAMA - NIGHT
139) 0) text: Louis and Carol lay naked under bed covers in a dank mote room. Louis looks quietly content, but Carol is all busin
139) 3) dialog: Marry me. Silence. She doesn’t respond.
139) 4) dialog: Every time I’m rottin’ in jail, all I think about is you. You keep me sane in this insane world. I want you to be my wife.
139) 6) dialog: If I can wait out Jim Crow, I can wait out you. She tries not to smile, but she clearly liked the answer. EXT. DALLAS COURTHOUSE - SELMA, ALABAMA —- DAY Hundreds of black protestors are marching through downtow Selma toward the courthouse. As always, crowds of whites lined up on the sidewalks screaming and booing at them. Police in riot gear stand between the whites and blacks. Louis and Carol march with the crowd. Carol looks worried she whispers to Louis in hushed fury.
142) 0) text: Louis is on the ground coughing from tear gas as riot pol and horses trample everywhere around him. A bandaged Caro lies on top of a young teenage girl, protecting her.
147) 0) text: Louis, Carol and Martin Luther King are crammed in a room full of beaten up Selma protestors. Everyone is bandaged bruised as they watch the speech.
149) 0) text: The protestors cheer in celebration, Louis and Carol hug joy. The only person not cheering is Martin Luther King because his face is covered in tears.
152) 0) text: Martin Luther King is in his hotel room seated across fro his various associates and aides. Louis sits across from They are watching footage of the Vietnam War on televisio
152) 3) dialog: We haven't spoken about it specifically, I just know they do.
152) 5) dialog: He’s a butler. 83.
152) 7) dialog: They do?
153) 0) text: Louis walks out of the Lorraine Motel, he is deep in thou effected by what MLK said about his father. Then - The sounds of GUNSHOTS explode in the air. Louis drops to knees for cover. He looks up and sees King’s aides standi over a man lying on the balcony. They point to roof tops across the way. EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT Thousands of people are in the streets in Cecil’s neighborhood. People are crying, screaming in anger. A furious black man picks up a trash can and throws it in store window, glass shatters everywhere.
157) 0) text: A man smashes windows with a baseball bat as fires rage around him. It is violent and aggressive as other LOOTERS back away from him. He turns around as we see it’s - Louis. There is a dark anger in his eyes, transformed by rage. Carol hurries over to him, puts her arms around him
157) 1) dialog: I’m not taking it no mo’, baby...I’m not taking it.
166) 0) text: Gloria is in the kitchen, rolling dough for dinner. She l unhappy, perhaps something is missing from her life. Just then, there is a knock at the door. She opens it to see - 89. Louis and Carol. They both have afros and wear black pant and black leather jackets, a militant ‘black power’ look.
166) 1) dialog: Hi, Ma. Gloria tears up at the site of her son, so excited to see him. She flings open the door and gives him a huge hug.
166) 2) dialog: Ma, I want you to meet my fiance, Carol Blue. Gloria's eyes light up. She screams:
167) 0) text: The entire family is having dinner along with several neighbors, including Gina and Elroy, who is dressed in a uniform. An impromptu welcome home party. There is a tension in the air as no one knows what to mak Louis and Carol’s ‘black power’ look. Cecil is particular put off. Louis glances at Elroy, hates his Navy uniform.
167) 1) dialog: You goin’ to Vietnam?
167) 7) dialog: The sisters in our political organization refuse to partake in traditional gender roles. This makes Gloria feel a little self conscious.
167) 10) dialog: The Black Panther Party. Silence.
167) 12) dialog: We promote Black Power through pride in our African heritage as expressed in the teachings and self discipline of Brothers Huey Newton and Bobby Seale.
167) 15) dialog: We ain’t gonna get beat no mo’. This lands like a hammer. The room looks uncomfortable.
167) 17) dialog: I won’t see anything with Sidney Poitier. gl.
167) 19) dialog: Sidney Poitier is the white man’s fantasy of what he wants the black to be. Well behaved with no sense of his manhood as a sexual being.
167) 21) dialog: Only in a way that is acceptable to the white status quo. He earns the white man’s respect with false dignity instead of fighting against the immorality of his degradation. (Then) And the brother can’t act. Carol and him laugh. Cecil looks upset.
167) 23) dialog: By being white, by acting white. Sidney Poitier is nothing but a rich Uncle Tom. Cecil jumps to his feet and screams:
167) 31) dialog: HE’S AN UNCLE TOM! Cecil SMASHES a plate.
167) 35) dialog: I’M SORRY, BUTLER! I DIDN’T MEAN TO
167) 38) dialog: Shit, alright. I’m gone. You negroes be good, while me and my girl get y'all some mo’ rights.
167) 40) dialog: So long, pops.
169) 11) dialog: I got to talk to you.
169) 12) text: Louis speaks to Carol in the hall outside the room.
169) 13) dialog: We should get out of here.
169) 15) dialog: This is a mistake. We should go.
169) 17) dialog: I was always proud to be in jail...but I don’t think I’d be proud to be there for what we're about to do. Carol looks stunned. Eldridge Huggins sticks his head out
169) 21) dialog: Yeah, I’m scared, and I’m not your brother.
170) 0) text: Louis walks down a quiet Oakland street, deeply disturbed POLICE CAR slowly drives by him, then continues on its wa Louis watches the car for a moment, then runs after it.
172) 0) text: Louis runs toward the police car that’s half a mile down street. He waves his arms at the police car.
173) 0) text: The police car slowly drives down the block looking for a address, inching closer toward its assassins. The Panthers give each other slight nods. Carol nods back but she’s starting to sweat, doesn’t want to do this now. Right when the car gets in their cross hairs, the Panther start BLASTING away. BANG! BANG! BANG! Carol watches for a second, then starts BLASTING as she screams in rage. 96. Louis appears at the head of the block and sees the firin squad. Police sirens can be heard off in the distance as Panthers immediately take off running. Carol sees Louis at the head of the block. They stare at other, Carol with shame in her eyes. Then she runs off. Louis watches her go as the sirens get louder and louder. Finally, he runs away. EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY Cecil drives down the street that still has many burnt do buildings from the ‘68 riot. A few new storefronts have opened that sell incense, candles and African clothes. Men and woman have AFROS and wear colorful DASHIKIS. A se of AFRICAN PRIDE has been infused into the neighborhood. Cecil eyes it all, just doesn’t know what to make of it.
186) 0) text: Dressed in a suit and tie, Louis stands at a podium in fr of a medium sized audience of about 100 people. A banner above him announces ‘STATE ASSEMBLY DEBATE’. The room is sparsely decorated, a low budget operation, b Louis passionately addresses the modest crowd. In his mid 30's now, he’s lost a little hair and gained a few pounds
186) 1) dialog: With the economy spiraling out of control, there is no greater time for Affirmative Action than now. I know these measures are not popular with white voters, as they seem to feel that racism is a thing of the past, but the truth is that black America is still significantly disadvantaged due to past and present discrimination. The MODERATOR turns to Louis main competitor, KEITH ALANS black conservative in a bow tie, he speaks from a podium.
186) 5) dialog: You can’t kick a man in the dirt for 400 years and then accuse him of being dirty.
186) 7) dialog: To my great disappointment, President Carter is not a liberal.
188) 0) text: The small campaign headquarters is covered in deflated balloons that matches everyone’s deflated spirit. The onl person not upset is Louis who tries to cheer everyone up.
188) 1) dialog: I know everyone is disappointed, and no one more so than me. But we have to remember that even though we lost tonight, we need to celebrate that another brother has won an election. Now I know he may not be our kind of brother... Everyone laughs.
188) 2) dialog: ..-but a black man is going to the state assembly and for that we should all be thrilled. Polite applause.
188) 3) dialog: Ten years ago we couldn’t even vote in the South and now we’ve got brothers and sisters in Congress and state offices. (MORE )
188) 5) dialog: Maynard Jackson is the mayor of Atlanta, Tom Bradley in Los Angeles, Carl Stokes, Shirley Chisolm, Barbara Jordan and the list goes on and on! We are doing it! We are starting to live the American dream! Everyone is applauding like crazy now. Even though Louis lost, he looks like a leader.
188) 6) dialog: I’ve been through so many dark times, but in all those years gettin’ beat and thrown in prison, I never thought I’d see the day that I would have to give a concession speech. The room gives a warm and joyous applause to this.
188) 7) dialog: I want to thank you all for your hard work, and I want to thank my beautiful wife, Sarah, for all those long hours on the trail. Everyone applauds Louis’ gorgeous wife, SARAH, 30, black. smiles at the crowd.
188) 8) dialog: This isn’t the end tonight, it’s only the beginning.
190) 0) text: The room has emptied out a bit. Louis lounges on a couch, arms clutched around Sarah.
190) 1) dialog: I still can’t believe I lost to that honky nigger. She busts up laughing.
190) 2) dialog: Everyone knows the fool only got into Harvard because of Affirmative Action! What’s the matter with these people?! An AIDE yells from the other end of the room.
190) 4) dialog: Where are you?
191) 2) dialog: 
191) 3) dialog: What happened? Where did you go? 107.
218) 3) dialog: I missed you too, Dad, I missed you so much.
219) 0) text: Hundreds of protestors are outside the South African Emba with signs ‘Freedom in South Africa’ and ‘End Apartheid’. Louis is at the front of the crowd standing next to Amy Carter, who is now 18. Louis talks to a REPORTER.
219) 1) dialog: Twenty-five years ago we marched in this country for our rights, today we march to free the people of South Africa! The crowd cheers around him.
219) 3) dialog: Ronald Reagan has attacked or dismantled every civil rights program that has ever been put in to place. Aiding the oppression of black South Africans is consistent with his policies on race issu--. Louis stops talking as he sees Cecil watching him from ac the street. Louis is stunned.
219) 4) dialog: Please excuse me for a minute. The Reporter moves on to Amy Carter.
219) 6) dialog: Hi, Dad.
219) 8) dialog: What are you doing here?
219) 10) dialog: But we’re gonna get arrested, you'll lose your job.
219) 12) dialog: Why? Cecil smiles.
220) 0) text: Cecil and Louis sit side by side in a holding cell cramme with 20 other protestors. Cecil looks nervous.
220) 1) dialog: Don’t worry, Dad, we’ll be out ina few hours.
220) 3) dialog: Sixty-three. Cecil is stunned, had no idea. They sit for a moment. The Cecil starts to sing:
220) 5) dialog: ‘We shall overcome someday.’ They continue singing into the next scene... 123.
221) 0) text: Cecil and Gloria are twenty years older with full heads o grey hair. Cecil helps Gloria gingerly walk down their bl ‘BARACK OBAMA FOR PRESIDENT’ signs are on every lawn. CECIL AND LOUIS V.O. ‘We are not afraid. We are not afraid... EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY They continue their walk through the neighborhood, it has been revitalized, lots of new buildings and stores, no mo rubble. ‘BARACK OBAMA FOR PRESIDENT’ signs in every windo CECIL AND LOUIS V.O. ‘,..we are not afraid someday.’
223) 5) dialog: For how long?
225) 0) text: Louis is in the basement of his father’s house. He looks all pictures on the walls of Cecil with all of the presidents, but instead of the actors that played the Presidents, it’s Cecil with the actual Presidents. CECIL V.O. ..-is that she never got to vote for a black man, an African- American, for President of the United States. Louis looks at a black and white photo of Cecil with Ike. picture of Cecil serving LBJ. A bronze bust of Robert Ken sits next to JFK’s tie that Jackie gave him.
226) 0) text: The living room is packed with people - Cecil, Louis, Sar Booker, Carter, Howard, Gina and her new husband. Lots of kids and grandchildren. All eyes are glued on the TV: 127.
228) 0) text: 90 year old Cecil wears the suit that he has been prepari the whole film as he ties a tie on Louis.
228) 2) dialog: Yes, sir? 128.
228) 4) dialog: So one day he could meet the man we're about to meet.
229) 0) text: Cecil and Louis sit in the Entrance Hall of the White Hou Cecil looks around - the paintings, the sculptures, the clocks - it truly is American splendor. Through a door, he sees the HEAD BUTLER, black, teaching new young butler. All of the china, flatware and stem war are lined up exactly how they were when Freddie taught Ce Cecil can’t help but notice that both butlers are black. maid walks by, she is Mexican. Two housemen carry an anti wooden bench down the hall. They are both black. Cecil’s eyes drop ever so slightly. Then, the new Chief Usher, ADMIRAL STEPHEN ROCHON, black, walks up to them.
229) 6) dialog: The honor is ours, Admiral. 129. Admiral Rochon gestures toward the State Dining Room.