131) 2) dialog: I’m so sorry to disturb you, gentleman, but I wanted to meet you all. I’m Martin. He steps forward and holds out his hand to Booker.
131) 4) dialog: The honor is all mine. He shakes hands with Carter who is also beaming. Cecil sh his hand last, he is formal, a touch cool.
131) 6) dialog: My, oh, my, y'all look just superb. Cecil can’t help it as a tiny smile creeps out.
132) 1) dialog: Your success with the Civil Rights Bill is greatly appreciated within the negro community, Mr. President. A tiny drop of water FALLS from the magnolia tree and lan on the back of Cecil’s neck. It sends shivers down his sp but he stands perfectly still, doesn’t move. MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D) No President has done more for the negro since Abraham Lincoln freed us from chains. LBJ is beaming, feels great about what he accomplished. MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D) But it’s not enough. 71. LBJ’s smile drops. Cecil glances over in surprise. CECIL V.O. That was the first time I ever started really listenin’.
134) 0) text: Martin Luther King lights into LBJ:
134) 1) dialog: Only 5% of the negroes in Mississippi are registered to vote, 11% in Alabama. We desperately need a Voting Rights Bill if we’re going to insure we are no longer blocked from Southern voting booths. Cecil stares forward in stunned amazement.
134) 3) dialog: On the bridges and the balls. 72.
134) 5) dialog: I should warn you, Mr. President, that I’ve got people in the streets down South right now trying to register the negro vote. Cecil’s eyes flicker in concern. MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D) My guess is that it’s going to go from cool to hot very fast.
134) 7) dialog: Selma. The drop falls... INT. REGISTRAR’S OFFICE - NIGHT A black male APPLICANT, 50’s, is in a REGISTRAR OFFICE, b escorted by Louis. The REGISTRAR, snide, reads a question
147) 0) text: Louis, Carol and Martin Luther King are crammed in a room full of beaten up Selma protestors. Everyone is bandaged bruised as they watch the speech.
149) 0) text: The protestors cheer in celebration, Louis and Carol hug joy. The only person not cheering is Martin Luther King because his face is covered in tears.
152) 0) text: Martin Luther King is in his hotel room seated across fro his various associates and aides. Louis sits across from They are watching footage of the Vietnam War on televisio
152) 2) dialog: President Johnson may have a big heart, but he is making a tragic error in Vietnam. Everyone nods their heads in agreement. MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D) How many of your parents support the war? Almost all of them raise their hands. MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D) That’s why we’ve got to keep speaking out against it. (To Louis) Why do your parents support it?
152) 4) dialog: What does your dad do? Louis looks embarrassed to say.
152) 6) dialog: Ah, yes. The black domestic. They serve a great role in our history.
152) 8) dialog: The black domestic defies racial stereotypes by being hardworking and trustworthy. He slowly breaks down racial hatreds by the example of his strong work ethic and dignified character. (Then) So even though we perceive the butler as being subservient, they are in many ways subversive without even knowing it. Louis stares at him, never thought about his dad in this