0) 1) text: A low, long noise of a_hea industrial fan, before stoppi with reverberation. Saul is hosing the ground mechanically, slowly, directing hose here and there, his face focused. In the BACKGROUND, human FIGURES come and go rapidly. Som draw nearer Saul, and start pulling backward, and then OF SCREEN, heavy loads. TWO MEN around Saul seem to struggle with something below Saul turns off the hose and leans toward the ground. He h the men. The men carry away their load. The figures around Saul move increasingly fast, quietly, if commanded by invisible fear and discipline. A low whimper can be heard from underneath. Saul tries to look for the source of the whimper. He freezes. A light-haired man comes near him. He is 30 but looks 50, name is HIRSCH. He wears the same clothes as Saul. His de set eyes look down with worry at the source of the whimpe Hirsch waves at someone OFF SCREEN. Another prisoner, who seems to have more authority, draws closer. He is a short but strong young man in his late twenties, and a foreman in the Kommando. He is called FEIGENBAUM. He looks towards the source of the whimper an hurries away.
0) 2) text: Saul watches as Hirsch lifts up the bruised corpse of an ADOLESCENT BOY with dark-brown hair. Hirsch carries it to corner of the tunnel and puts it onto a bench that anothe MAN has grabbed from the undressing room. Saul follows Hirsch with his eyes. Behind the scene, dozens of PRISONERS rapidly carry out t routine, regardless of the agonising boy. Some are pourin water. Some others take heavy loads to a freight-elevator WELL DRESSED MAN walks around, stops now and then, writin down information, assisted by a prisoner. A few SS GUARDS dressed in green and gray, armed, watch over the scene. Behind them, Feigenbaum comes back with a short man in a white gown, a Jewish doctor called MIKLOS. From closer, h gown looks less maculate: it is full of stains and dirt._ Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
0) 9) text: (in German) I only saw this once before, that girl some time ago. He looks at Feigenbaum. Feigenbaum stays quiet, waiting f orders. Behind, Saul is already very close.
0) 12) dialog: (in Yiddish) What’s it to you? Saul doesn’t answer and goes into the corridor with the b in his arms.
3) 0) text: Saul comes back to the tunnel. The members of the Sonderkommando are still busy, under t supervision of Feigenbaum. Two GUARDS are standing on the side, talking. Feigenbaum looks up at Saul.
3) 2) dialog: in Yiddish) + What? +
3) 4) dialog: in Yiddish) + Back to work! + Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 10. Saul _ goes toward the doorway leading to the gas chamber Inside, Hirsch and another PRISONER of the Sonderkommando
3) 16) text: Feigenbaum turns away. Abraham comes to Saul and kneels down. He scrubs and look
6) 7) text: Biederman looks at Abraham and leaves. + Feigenbaum appears behind them, wiping the sweat off his face.
6) 8) dialog: (in Yiddish) Got me some paper?
6) 10) dialog: (in Yiddish, slightly disappointed) Come on then. Biederman nods. Saul and Abraham follow Feigenbaum.
15) 2) dialog: (in Yiddish) What are you carrying? Saul does not answer. Feigenbaum lifts the cloth covering body. Saul pushes him away.
15) 3) dialog: (in Yiddish, nervously) Bring it back! You can’t do that! Saul readjusts his load on his shoulder.
15) 4) dialog: (in Yiddish) You play with our lives.
15) 9) text: your writings KZ. Feigenbaum stays still. Saul goes behind the curtain. IN SAUL’S CORNER + Saul enters new sections until he reaches a corner with a camp and pieces of cloth. Saul lays the body of the boy on a bed-camp. Some light c in from the common area through the canvas and low-toned conversations can be heard. Saul sits down on the ground. Suddenly, Abraham appears behind the curtain.
21) 36) dialog: (in Yiddish) Don’t dig here! Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 40 67.
21) 38) dialog: (in Yiddish) What did you say? Braun stops and looks at Feigenbaum. Feigenbaum tries to speak to him in Yiddish. + Feigenbaum loses his patience.
21) 39) dialog: (in Yiddish, to Saul) This is my spot! + An alarm goes off somewhere near the Krematorium. The men are seemingly confused. Prisoners run out of the building, ordered by guards to + gather in the courtyard. . + A Kapo comes toward Saul and Braun.
25) 0) text: Saul, carrying the wrapped corpse, stops by the river, wh he finds Braun. He softly puts the corpse down to the ground. Dog barking be heard. Behind him eight fugitives of the Sonderkommando run out the woods, with Feigenbaum and Frankel leading them. Some them carry a revolver or a stick. Feigenbaum is wounded. The fugitives look briefly at the two men. Feigenbaum does not stop.
25) 1) dialog: (in Yiddish, to his companions) Don’t waste your time. Come on! He goes to the water and starts swimming. The men all follow Feigenbaum into the river. Braun goes into the water. Saul tries to grab Braun.
25) 5) dialog: (in Yiddish) Five minutes, we have to go on. Frankel looks at Saul, who stands still, silent. Two men are in a heated discussion about their plans to r the Partisans. The entrance door is suddenly opened. The men are stirred up, most of them jump up. A YOUNG BOY dressed in peasant clothes slowly enters the room. He must be 12 at most, but already robust. His hair fair, and he contemplates these ragged men with uttermost interest. The men look at him, amazed. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 77. The boy takes a few steps in the room, as if he were a general in a review of his troops. He curses in Polish, a imitating his father. He smiles. He examines all the men, some from a close distance. He arrives near Saul and looks at him. Saul looks up at the boy. The boy is now suddenly serious Scared, the boy runs out of the hut.