0) 1) text: A low, long noise of a_hea industrial fan, before stoppi with reverberation. Saul is hosing the ground mechanically, slowly, directing hose here and there, his face focused. In the BACKGROUND, human FIGURES come and go rapidly. Som draw nearer Saul, and start pulling backward, and then OF SCREEN, heavy loads. TWO MEN around Saul seem to struggle with something below Saul turns off the hose and leans toward the ground. He h the men. The men carry away their load. The figures around Saul move increasingly fast, quietly, if commanded by invisible fear and discipline. A low whimper can be heard from underneath. Saul tries to look for the source of the whimper. He freezes. A light-haired man comes near him. He is 30 but looks 50, name is HIRSCH. He wears the same clothes as Saul. His de set eyes look down with worry at the source of the whimpe Hirsch waves at someone OFF SCREEN. Another prisoner, who seems to have more authority, draws closer. He is a short but strong young man in his late twenties, and a foreman in the Kommando. He is called FEIGENBAUM. He looks towards the source of the whimper an hurries away.
0) 2) text: Saul watches as Hirsch lifts up the bruised corpse of an ADOLESCENT BOY with dark-brown hair. Hirsch carries it to corner of the tunnel and puts it onto a bench that anothe MAN has grabbed from the undressing room. Saul follows Hirsch with his eyes. Behind the scene, dozens of PRISONERS rapidly carry out t routine, regardless of the agonising boy. Some are pourin water. Some others take heavy loads to a freight-elevator WELL DRESSED MAN walks around, stops now and then, writin down information, assisted by a prisoner. A few SS GUARDS dressed in green and gray, armed, watch over the scene. Behind them, Feigenbaum comes back with a short man in a white gown, a Jewish doctor called MIKLOS. From closer, h gown looks less maculate: it is full of stains and dirt._ Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
3) 9) dialog: in Yiddish) Who?
3) 12) dialog: in Yiddish) No. Maybe. The prisoner next to them intervenes.
7) 19) dialog: (in Yiddish, low, with + gestures) + I know him. He has two scars on each side of the face. +
7) 23) dialog: in Yiddish) Marked by God.
12) 17) text: blessings, rabbi! + Frankel removes the arm of Yankl with a strong movement f his back. + Saul looks back at the bread, takes a piece but throws it the table. + Behind, Hirsch is taking something from two of the men sitting against the wall. He comes next to Saul.
12) 18) dialog: (in Yiddish, to Saul) You, give me your shiny. Saul does not react. Hirsch hits Saul on the shoulder.
12) 20) dialog: (in Yiddish) You must have something. In your mattress. Or in your socks... Saul remains silent. Hirsch waves at someone OFF SCREEN. Abraham comes to them. He looks at Saul and realizes something is wrong. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 40.
12) 29) text: These enough for the guards? + Hirsch nods._Biederman remains silent, worried again. He out. + The prisoners around slowly cease their conversations and many go to sleep. + Saul looks up. His suddenly illuminated gaze follows the who just entered the room. Miklos, the Jewish doctor, gla around with weary eyes.
15) 23) dialog: (in Yiddish, in awe) + Not just her body. The way she looked at me. +
15) 24) dialog: (in Yiddish) ... I had to talk to her. She was breathtaking.
17) 20) text: The guard takes Hirsch and Saul _to the side entrance. A female kapo named MANDEL steps out of the building. She t to the guard and lets Saul in. +
21) 48) dialog: (in Yiddish) Krema II won't move a finger... Saul keeps on moving forward. The men all turn silent as the noise of trucks and shoute orders can be heard outside.
21) 56) dialog: (in Yiddish) We'll die because of you two.
22) 3) dialog: (in Yiddish) They burnt them! Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 44 45 72. The prisoners refuse to obey. Guards start hitting some of the prisoners. Abraham kneels down next to a pile and uncovers Biederman tin box. He lifts it up for all to see.