7) 89) text: Saul can see as the members of the Sonderkommando are gathered near the smoking grounds. Saul looks at Biederman, standing next to the SS officer_ dirty clothes. Biederman glances at him, tense. A sudden roar of engines. Two trucks enter the scene, followed by a whole new kommando of prisoners. The Oberkapo Mietek starts assembling his men.
7) 90) dialog: (in German, shouts) Assembly! Saul_leaves Katz behind and goes to Mietek’s group. He joins the recently gathered group of men. Some prisone wear striped clothes, others regular shirts, others jacke marked with a large red X on the back. Saul discreetly looks at the men’s faces around him. He t to a_dark-faced MAN beside him.
8) 7) dialog: (in German, yells) + You're going to lick it! He Mietek lifts up his wooden stick_and starts hitting th prisoner. + The prisoner swiftly digs in the ground, mixing ashes and earth, and throwing it away into the river.
8) 31) dialog: (in German) Who the fuck are you, scum? Saul does not answer, disoriented. + Mietek grabs Saul’s arm and pushes him toward the officer
8) 33) dialog: (in German) Where are you from?
8) 35) dialog: (in German, smiling) I’1l come and visit.
8) 36) text: Mietek takes Saul back to the other prisoners, cursing_in blithe. + In the background prisoners are sweeping the banks. +
8) 43) text: Mietek starts arguing with the group’s KAPO, a BALD MAN wearing glasses. Saul looks at these weak, thin men. They look at the Sonderkommando with envy. The kapos and the guards frantically start shouting.
8) 44) dialog: (in German) Separate the Sonderkommando!! The barrier lifts. The Mercedes passes them by. The ordinary prisoners are pushed against Saul. One of th searches in his pocket and finds a_piece of apple. He tak bite right away. Saul stands still.
19) 18) dialog: (in German) You are from a Kommando, you vermin!
19) 20) dialog: (in German) This time you’d better have two bracelets. Saul looks inside the shoes lying on the ground. Mietek furiously hits him with his stick.
19) 21) dialog: (in German) Hurry! A voice shouts Mietek’s name. Mietek freezes and runs off Saul grabs a pair of trousers on the ground. He quickly dresses up, and runs out, looking for the man he saved. He finds him on the side. Then, he takes him when no guar watching to a few meters into the woods. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 61.