0) 1) text: A low, long noise of a_hea industrial fan, before stoppi with reverberation. Saul is hosing the ground mechanically, slowly, directing hose here and there, his face focused. In the BACKGROUND, human FIGURES come and go rapidly. Som draw nearer Saul, and start pulling backward, and then OF SCREEN, heavy loads. TWO MEN around Saul seem to struggle with something below Saul turns off the hose and leans toward the ground. He h the men. The men carry away their load. The figures around Saul move increasingly fast, quietly, if commanded by invisible fear and discipline. A low whimper can be heard from underneath. Saul tries to look for the source of the whimper. He freezes. A light-haired man comes near him. He is 30 but looks 50, name is HIRSCH. He wears the same clothes as Saul. His de set eyes look down with worry at the source of the whimpe Hirsch waves at someone OFF SCREEN. Another prisoner, who seems to have more authority, draws closer. He is a short but strong young man in his late twenties, and a foreman in the Kommando. He is called FEIGENBAUM. He looks towards the source of the whimper an hurries away.
0) 2) text: Saul watches as Hirsch lifts up the bruised corpse of an ADOLESCENT BOY with dark-brown hair. Hirsch carries it to corner of the tunnel and puts it onto a bench that anothe MAN has grabbed from the undressing room. Saul follows Hirsch with his eyes. Behind the scene, dozens of PRISONERS rapidly carry out t routine, regardless of the agonising boy. Some are pourin water. Some others take heavy loads to a freight-elevator WELL DRESSED MAN walks around, stops now and then, writin down information, assisted by a prisoner. A few SS GUARDS dressed in green and gray, armed, watch over the scene. Behind them, Feigenbaum comes back with a short man in a white gown, a Jewish doctor called MIKLOS. From closer, h gown looks less maculate: it is full of stains and dirt._ Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
0) 3) text: He walks towards the bench, Saul walks closer to them. O bench lays a boy, around twelve years old. Miklés looks a the boy with weary eyes.
0) 8) text: goes away. + Saul looks back at the scene, and draws towards the bench His eyes are focused on the body. + Miklos steps back. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
0) 9) text: (in German) I only saw this once before, that girl some time ago. He looks at Feigenbaum. Feigenbaum stays quiet, waiting f orders. Behind, Saul is already very close.
0) 11) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) I‘l1l do it. Saul turns his back on Feigenbaum and seizes the body. Feigenbaum stands before him - he looks at Saul.
2) 0) text: Saul enters the autopsy room of the Krematorium carrying lifeless body and stops. The autopsy room is a room with a tiny window on the side a door half open on another room, where FIGURES seem to b moving at times. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 In the middle of the room stands Miklos, the Jewish doct On a stained stone operating table, he examines the insid of a corpse laid out. An ASSISTANT, prisoner of the Sonderkommando stands next to him, taking notes and assis him. Barely glancing up at Saul, Miklos signals to Saul a benc the side of the room. Beside the bench, all sorts of medi instruments can be seen. Saul seems to stiffen upon seeing these instruments.
2) 3) dialog: (in Hungarian, hesitating) Doctor... if you will... Miklos looks at Saul.
2) 5) text: brings the body to a bench. Saul follows the body to the bench.
2) 6) text: The assistant keeps looking at Saul, then returns to the table.
2) 8) dialog: (in Hungarian) From Ungvar. A beat. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 SAUL (CONT’D) (in Hungarian, low) Doctor, please don’t cut this boy.
2) 11) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) Keep it as it is, at least for a few hours. Miklos looks at him suspiciously. And at the boy. He come next to the bench.
2) 16) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) But you people do.
2) 19) text: (in Hungarian, low) I'll give you five minutes alone at dinner time. But in the end, it will burn with the rest. Saul nods again, but does_not move_away from the bench. H examines the boy’s face. Miklos_throws a sheet onto the body. Saul covers the body with it.
2) 21) dialog: Auslander. A beat.
2) 22) dialog: Saul. The doctor barely pays attention to him. Saul finally lea the room.
3) 0) text: Saul comes back to the tunnel. The members of the Sonderkommando are still busy, under t supervision of Feigenbaum. Two GUARDS are standing on the side, talking. Feigenbaum looks up at Saul.
3) 1) dialog: in broken Yiddish) + Where... from? +
3) 3) dialog: in broken Yiddish) + Last... transport? Hungary? +
3) 6) text: cleaning the floor. Saul kneels down and scrubs the floor.
3) 8) dialog: in broken Yiddish) Hungarians?
3) 10) dialog: in broken Yiddish) This transport?
3) 15) text: Saul looks up and sees a serious face with commanding eye This is ABRAHAM WARSZAWSKI.
3) 16) text: Feigenbaum turns away. Abraham comes to Saul and kneels down. He scrubs and look
3) 17) text: Saul.
4) 0) text: Saul and Abraham stand in front of the lift as it comes d empty. They start piling bodies in it. They glance at each other In the background men of the Sonderkommando close the doo the tunnel that leads to the undressing romm and the gas chamber.
4) 3) text: A tall and robust man, around 30 years old, the Jewish Oberkapo named ELIEZER BIEDERMAN comes down from the stai next to the lift to inspect the ongoing operations. He ke on tapping a decorated tin box with a rolled cigarette. H wears an armband adorned with a blue star of David, on wh the letters of the word OBERKAPO have been sewn in black. He nods at Abraham,_and goes toward the closed door where other Sonderkommando PRISONERS are waiting. Abraham follo Biederman. Saul follows him._Abraham looks at Saul, surprised.
4) 4) dialog: (in Hungarian, whispers) I’1l help you. Abraham reaches Biederman before the door. They start whispering. On the other side of the door, hundreds of footsteps can be heard. All the men wait at the door, sta down. A_guard opens the door. Abraham goes to the doorway. Saul follows suit.
5) 3) text: He kneels down. On the floor, papers, pictures and identi papers are gathered. Pretending to sort those out, Saul l through the pictures. In the background a MAN of the Sonderkommando gets hit on head. Saul quickly thumbs through all kinds of portraits, famil pictures. YANKL, a 19-year-old prisoner, dressed in a dark overcoat stops by him. Yankl takes the pile away from Saul_and_goes out of the r through the door ajar, to the exit area where a stove sta Saul gazes at Yankl, approaching a dark silhouette lit by fire of a stove. This is FRANKEL, throwing the papers int the fire.
5) 6) text: Saul stares at Frankel, motionless.
5) 7) text: A KAPO, with a black armband with the word KAPO sewn in w letters, comes to_Saul. Saul takes a new pile of documents, stands up, and leaves undressing room_to the exit area.
5) 17) text: the flames. He murmurs something continuously. Yankl follows Saul.
5) 19) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) Rabbi. Someone. I want... bury. Frankel stops, looks at him_intensely.
5) 21) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, whispering) I have the body. Help me. Abraham arrives in the exit area, discreetly looking into bundles in the heap of clothes piling up next to the exit
5) 28) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, angry) It’s not enough. The Polish kapo spots Abraham.
5) 30) dialog: (in German) A work... SS GUARD II. (in German) A work? Don’t you speak German, swine? He looks at Saul, menacing. A beat. Saul glances at Frankel. Biederman comes to them.
6) 4) dialog: (in Hungarian, to Abraham) I have nothing.
7) 0) text: Saul is at the door of the gas chamber. He’s waiting amon other prisoners. Muted cries of agony can still be heard. The members of t Sonderkommando_look exhausted and they sweat. A man is bu cleaning his hands of dirt and oil, but to no avail. One man is talking to himself in a very low voice, as if praying. + After a while, Saul draws closer to Abraham.
7) 1) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) I need your help. Abraham does not answer. The cries and shouts behind the door decrease. Saul stops lowers his head. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 17. SAUL (CONT’D) (in Hungarian, low) I_need another rabbi. Abraham looks at him in a strange way.
7) 12) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) In which kommando?
7) 14) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) Mietek?
7) 17) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) What does the Greek look like? +
7) 20) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) He has a scar on both cheeks?
7) 22) dialog: “Apikoyres"? Abraham spots Biederman _on their way back to the gas cha
7) 25) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) I have talk to him.
7) 41) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, low) I'll do it.
7) 45) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) What he wants.
7) 47) dialog: in Hungarian on a low voice to Abraham Tell him. Abraham hesitates.
7) 49) dialog: in Hungarian, low) I_have to get outside.
7) 53) dialog: (in Hungarian, low) Tell him I was a watchmaker. I can be a locksmith. Abraham translates reluctantly.
7) 57) text: 10 11 12 22. Saul ignores Abraham and follows Biederman into the swarm tunnel.
7) 66) text: They enter the door. They are in a dark narrow corridor. Saul looks out through the doorway to the grove near the field in front of them. A heavy, white-gray smoke rises in the air from the groun the field. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
7) 71) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) Mietek kommando?
7) 75) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, to Katz) Who is it?
7) 80) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, whispers) You... finished? No answer. Saul looks back at the field. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 25. Further away, the kapo Mietek stands still. He talks with German officer. On the other side of the field, an SS guard walks into th smoke. + Inside, Katz orients the camera toward the field. He wait for the smoke to clear. + Saul looks back at the field. Biederman has disappeared. Only smoke can be seen. Silence. All the voices have died out. + He rushes inside the house. He snatches the camera from Katz’s hands, who looks at hi stunned.
7) 82) dialog: (in Yiddish, whispers) You... come out. Saul hides the camera in the gutter of the building.
7) 83) text: Katz comes out, he grabs Saul’s shirt. + Saul pushes away Katz from him. + Smoke engulfs Saul. A voice behind him.
7) 86) dialog: (in German) Locksmith. Locksmith. The smoke around starts dissipating. Voices can be heard from inside. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 26. Saul is searched by the SS officer, who also inspects his work on the door. Saul is pushed onto the ground. He falls and does not mov Katz is brought out and his case reversed, all the tools falling onto the ground. The first officer talks to Katz threateningly. Katz does answer, shakes his head. He glances at Saul. Saul is told to get up. The SS officer comes to him. He pushes Katz against the d
7) 89) text: Saul can see as the members of the Sonderkommando are gathered near the smoking grounds. Saul looks at Biederman, standing next to the SS officer_ dirty clothes. Biederman glances at him, tense. A sudden roar of engines. Two trucks enter the scene, followed by a whole new kommando of prisoners. The Oberkapo Mietek starts assembling his men.
7) 91) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) Greek rabbi? Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
7) 92) text: 13 14 27. The dark-faced man doesn’t seem to understand Saul. Watched by an SS GUARD, the men climb onto the back of an open truck. A heavy canvas covers the load of the truck, the men have to stand on the edge of the platform. Saul mechanically turns a bit his head upon hearing the n of a violin in the distance. Other men do the same. The music ceases as the engine of the truck is started.
8) 0) text: The field is left behind as the truck enters a quiet wood the soft autumn light, under clear skies. The men are standing together, against each other. Saul closes his eyes for a brief moment. An SS GUARD pushes his stick against Saul’s ribs. Saul lo back at the guard. A blue-eyed young man looks back at Sa with an innocent gaze.
8) 1) text: Saul looks at the truck moving behind them, full of prisoners. In the crowd stands a man, reddish scars below ears. It’s the RENEGADE.
8) 4) text: His feet in the water, Saul manages to swap his position another prisoner so he can be next to the Renegade, who k a low profile. With a harsh gaze and tight lips, the Rene throws the ashes into the river. Saul also keeps working_with his feet in the water. He ga at the Renegade. +
8) 6) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, in a low and excited voice) You... “apikoyres"”? The other goes on, as if he had not heard. He doubles his effort. SAUL (CONT’D) (in broken Yiddish, low) I need you... for a dead. He looks for a reaction. SAUL (CONT’D) (in broken Yiddish, low) You understand? + The last words have been covered by the sudden outburst o shouting by an SS GUARD. Saul discreetly looks back. Armed SS guards watch over the operations, while on the s a few SS officers are gathered in a group. Mietek and a KAPO supervise the work. Behind, a PRISONER of the kommando has spilled some ash o the ground.
8) 8) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, low) Dead child. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 29. The renegade shakes his head in a constrained gesture. He goes on working. Saul looks at the Renegade, who continues his work + mechanically, comes and goes in the shallow water of the river. Saul suddenly takes the shovel away from the man’s hands.
8) 9) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) You are a rabbi. The Renegade turns pale._He looks at Saul for the first t SAUL (CONT’D) (in broken Yiddish) Mietek knows you’re a rabbi?
8) 11) dialog: In broken Yiddish) + Baruch ata... + Saul throws the shovel in the water. The Renegade, with blank face, advances in the water that quickly reaches his shoulders. Saul, at first shocked, finally lets his own shovel fall the ground, and enters the water. He swims towards the drowning man. Behind, the SS guards start shouting. They shoot at the t men in the river. One prisoner runs to them to help. He is shot and falls_t the water. + Saul reaches the renegade, his arm keeping the man’s head above the water. But the renegade tries to free himself, if to drown. + The two heads disappear below the surface for a few secon Saul’s head emerges again, as he carries the barely consc renegade back to the bank. A tall SS officer appears _on the bank, his name is BUSCH
8) 14) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) Forgive me. + The renegade closes his eyes. + On the bank, two kapos already wait for Saul and the renegade. Saul is almost out of strength. The two men barely have the time to rise to their knees, are lifted and taken by the SS guards to the officers. BU looks at the two dripping men with curiosity.
8) 19) dialog: (in German) Hungarian... I speak... Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 31.
8) 24) dialog: (in Hungarian) The shovel fell to the water, he tried to get it back. Busch has Saul’s cap taken out of the water and puts it, dripping, on Saul’s head. +
8) 26) dialog: (in German) Yes, Herr Untersharfiihrer!
8) 32) dialog: (in German) In my shoe... Mietek brings Saul _ behind the truck. Saul quickly kneel and takes out the golden bracelet from his shoe. Mietek takes the bracelet.
8) 34) dialog: (in German) Biederman’s kommando.
8) 36) text: Mietek takes Saul back to the other prisoners, cursing_in blithe. + In the background prisoners are sweeping the banks. +
8) 40) text: Saul’s group stops in front of the checkpoint.
8) 43) text: Mietek starts arguing with the group’s KAPO, a BALD MAN wearing glasses. Saul looks at these weak, thin men. They look at the Sonderkommando with envy. The kapos and the guards frantically start shouting.
9) 2) text: Biederman is standing in front of the krematorium gates. spots Saul.
9) 4) text: Biederman leaves Saul as he approaches the members of his Sonderkommando gathering in the courtyard.
10) 2) text: Phe—men—p eed furthe +he—¢: aft . In the doorway leading to the entrance of the ovens, Saul suddenly turns back.
10) 4) dialog: (in Hungarian) Something to do.
10) 6) dialog: in Hungarian) No need. I'll be right back. The prisoners of the Sonderkommando advance between the t men. Abraham gazes at Saul , but quickly disappears in th doorway.
10) 7) text: Saul hurries to the autopsy room. He keeps a low profile while he passes the night shift kommando, relentlessly working.
11) 6) text: The room has another door. Saul opens it.Saul enters the autopsy room.
11) 7) text: He looks through the benches on the side and the operatin table, all empty. Saul’s face becomes extremely tense. German voices can he heard, filtered by the main door. The lights are turned on from outside. When the door is suddenly opened, Saul is petrified, in t middle of the room. The CHIEF DOCTOR rushes in. His eyes cold_and wears an immaculate white gown. He is accompanie several other DOCTORS, including the SS doctor and severa OFFICERS. A few battered-faced Jewish doctors can be seen the background. Among them, Miklos.
11) 8) text: Saul seems incapable of moving, and the chief SS doctor n faces him. Saul looks down. He takes off his hat.
11) 10) dialog: (in German) Sweep. The chief doctor raises his eyebrows. The SS officers bur out laughing. One of them, an AIDE-DE-CAMP, starts imitat Saul. He seems drunk.
12) 3) dialog: (in broken German) + The pieces. Autopsy room. Where? +
12) 5) dialog: (in Hungarian) The doctor promised me...
12) 12) text: large flames can be seen._Bodies are burning. + The prisoners are carrying corpses from the platform to t ovens. + Saul exits the platform, he passes by the ovens. + Saul stops. He stares, as if hypnotized, at something OFF SCREEN. He is watching the bodies OFF SCREEN vanishing in fire. +
12) 17) text: blessings, rabbi! + Frankel removes the arm of Yankl with a strong movement f his back. + Saul looks back at the bread, takes a piece but throws it the table. + Behind, Hirsch is taking something from two of the men sitting against the wall. He comes next to Saul.
12) 19) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, subdued) Nothing. +
12) 29) text: These enough for the guards? + Hirsch nods._Biederman remains silent, worried again. He out. + The prisoners around slowly cease their conversations and many go to sleep. + Saul looks up. His suddenly illuminated gaze follows the who just entered the room. Miklos, the Jewish doctor, gla around with weary eyes.
12) 31) dialog: (in Hungarian) Where’s the boy?
12) 35) dialog: (in Hungarian) Can’t you exchange him for someone else? Miklos stiffens. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
13) 6) dialog: Auslander. Saul.
14) 0) text: Saul silently enters the autopsy room. He moves to the side, where on the bench he finds the cor of the boy. He unwraps the sheet. He sits down next to the boy and looks at the boy’s face, lost in his thoughts for long seconds. He moves his hand across the hair of the boy, leaves his on it. They are alone in the room. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
14) 2) text: Saul wraps the sheet around the body.
14) 3) text: He takes his jacket off, lifts up the body, takes it onto shoulders and covers it with his jacket. Saul leaves the room.
15) 0) text: SAUL’S CORNER - NIGHT Carrying the wrapped corpse, Saul comes across the night shift workers busy around the ovens. He walks up the stairs into the attic.
15) 5) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, excited) (MORE )
15) 8) dialog: 
15) 9) text: your writings KZ. Feigenbaum stays still. Saul goes behind the curtain. IN SAUL’S CORNER + Saul enters new sections until he reaches a corner with a camp and pieces of cloth. Saul lays the body of the boy on a bed-camp. Some light c in from the common area through the canvas and low-toned conversations can be heard. Saul sits down on the ground. Suddenly, Abraham appears behind the curtain.
15) 13) dialog: (in Hungarian) The morning? Abraham looks at him.
15) 15) dialog: (in Hungarian) I have to find a rabbi. Abraham stops. +
15) 19) dialog: (in Hungarian) You didn’t even care much before.
15) 21) dialog: (in Hungarian) Have to eat. Saul goes toward the common table.
15) 26) dialog: (in Hungarian) I wish I understood nothing.
15) 28) dialog: (in Hungarian) I don’t remember. Abraham looks up, and sees Biederman coming in, tapping a cigarette on his tin box. He is followed by a tall and strongly built man with a harsh look. He is a Russian prisoner in his forties, his name is VASSILI. They talk t Katz. The three men stop in front of Saul. Biederman gives the cigarette to Vassili, who lights it as he studies Saul.
16) 0) text: Saul enters the area behind the ovens where a dozen priso are continuously feeding a metal opening with coal. The flames are intense. Many prisoners are painted black by t soot and they all sweat. Saul sees a man organizing and supervising the work. He i his late thirties. His face is drawn, reddened by alcohol is a kapo: SCHLOJME. Saul goes to him.
16) 1) dialog: (in Yiddish) Herr Oberscharfiihrer... calls you. Schlojme shakes his head and leaves. A red-haired FOREMAN comes in the room. As Saul is trying get out, the kapo grabs him. He tosses him to the ground throws him a shovel. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 31 51.
17) 8) dialog: (in Yiddish) I don’t know her. Abraham becomes angry.
17) 10) dialog: (in Hungarian, to Abraham) I’m not going.
17) 20) text: The guard takes Hirsch and Saul _to the side entrance. A female kapo named MANDEL steps out of the building. She t to the guard and lets Saul in. +
17) 23) dialog: Ella, Fried. Mandel goes toward the shelves. In the background, an old SS GUARD puts a cylinder onto a portable cylinder player. Music fills the warehouse - a female voice can be heard singing a romantic tune. Mandel comes back to Saul. She is followed by a young wom with a beautiful face and brown hair. It is ELLA. The two women stop in front of Saul. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 55.
17) 26) text: From outside, barking and voices can be heard. Saul leaves Ella and goes outside. At the door, the SS guard looks at him, slightly surprise
18) 0) text: The prisoners push the empty carts_on the road. Saul is + shadowed by Landesman.
18) 2) dialog: (in Hungarian, irritated) Yes. + Closer to the gates of the Krematorium courtyard, they cr path with a LARGE GROUP OF CIVILIANS led by Shlojme’s kommando heading for the forest. SAUL (CONT’D) (in Hungarian) Where are they going?
19) 0) text: Saul marches on a road in the dark within the group of civilians. The MAN walking next to him keeps looking at S Landesman tries to hold him back, but Saul advances and disappears in the crowd. +
19) 2) text: A few SS soldiers with hand torches accompany them. They go deeper into the woods. Some projectors cast a har light on the path bordered by woods. Some prisoners of several Sonderkommandos circulate along the path. SS guards with dogs stand around, carefully watching. Saul walks beside civilians next a frail PRISONER WITH GLASSES.
19) 3) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) You can?... See? A rabbi here? The man_with glasses looks at him, but does not answer. + Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 57. Saul stops and lets his comrades go past him and disappea behind the crowd. New civilians keep coming. Other prison from the Sonderkommando circle them. Men, women, children start undressing. A low rumble of terrorized voice fills the air. A YOUNG WOMAN, who has been standing close to Saul, tries talk to him. She looks at Saul, waiting for some kind of answer. She tries to catch his arm. Saul pushes her back, and she stumbles. A FOREMAN pulls h up brutally. Saul sees the young woman as she pulls up her dress, glan around in a shy way. In the background a KAPO organizes his men.
19) 4) text: He looks away and sees a middle-aged man with a big beard RABBI, in the crowd. He is taking off his white shirt. Saul touches his arm. The rabbi and the few WOMEN around look at Saul in a strange way. SAUL (CONT’D) (in a mixture of Hungarian and Yiddish, whispers) You a rabbi? Come. The rabbi does not seem to understand. A middle-aged woma comes closer to Saul, shows the rabbi. RABBI’S WIFE Rebbe, rebbe. Behind Saul, another man with a slight beard, has stopped undressing and watches the scene. It is BRAUN, a tall man his forties. Saul turns his back on him. The strident sound of whistles can be heard, not far from them. Some orders are shouted. Braun catches Saul’s sleeve and tries to tell him somethi But Saul escapes from him and goes to two members of the Sonderkommando who are busy collecting personal belonging the ground. Saul picks up a jacket. All at once, the men of the Sonderkommando start pushing crowd further into the woods. The civilians depart reluctantly, and Saul follows suit, trying to get closer to the rabbi, who is bare-chested. Landesman appears for an instant somewhere in the crowd. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 58. Saul now walks next to the rabbi, and touches his shoulde He shows him the jacket he holds. He gives it to him. A KAPO appears and goes to Saul.
19) 7) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) Strong man for Sonderkommando. Schlojme shrugs his shoulders.
19) 12) dialog: (in broken Yiddish, to Schlojme) Tell. Strong man, for + Sonderkommando... +
19) 15) text: to explain something. Busch shots Landesman, he falls to ground. + Saul slowly tries to get up, but hears something from beh
19) 17) dialog: (in German) Sonderkommando. Sonderkommando! The guard does not even listen. Saul looks around, helpless, as people disappear in front him into the trench. At the end of the line an SS OFFICER with a revolver is standing next to Mietek, who’s acting hectically. Saul looks around at the faces of people waiting for thei death. When it is his turn, the SS OFFICER raises his weapon. Saul looks at Mietek, who looks at him, disgusted.
19) 19) dialog: (in German) B-7005, Sonderkommando! Mietek takes Saul out of the line.
19) 22) dialog: (in Hungarian, breathless) You will help me bury my son. Saul wraps Braun’s bearded face in a strip of clothe. He wraps Braun’s arm as well, as if burned. +
20) 0) text: Prisoners of the Sonderkommando stand in front of the gat watched by a GUARD. Braun stands next to Saul, quietly shivering. Braun looks back at the woods behind. + Schlojme, the intoxicated kapo, counts the men.
20) 5) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) He’s from Krema II. Biederman expects him.
21) 0) text: PRISONERS’ HALL UNDER THE ROOF - SAUL’S CORNER - NIGHT The group of exhausted prisoners, among them Saul and Bra walk behind the silent ovens. They climb up the stairs. Frankel reaches Saul at the top of the stairs. Yankl foll them as they go further in the attic.
21) 2) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) Rabbi. Frankel looks startled. They reach Saul’s corner. Braun enters and lies down on the camp bed. Saul turns to Frankel, who is still behind. SAUL (CONT’D) (in broken Yiddish) For the dead.
21) 5) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) I did.
21) 8) dialog: (in Yiddish) That’s the boy._I hid him. Braun doesn’t wake up. SAUL (CONT’D) (in Hungarian) You'll tell me what to do. Saul goes to the body, kneels down, touches the sheet. When he turns back, Braun has fallen asleep. Saul gets up, pours some water from a tank in a dish and it next to the boy. He is about to uncover the body when hears murmurs from outside. Saul hurries back to the bed. Then, he goes back to the body and uncovers it. He looks it for some time. With delicate gestures, he pours some water on the frail chest, and cleans the skin. He clears the face as well. A smile on his face. A strange light illuminates his eyes.
21) 13) dialog: (in Hungarian) I was taken to the pits.
21) 16) dialog: (in Hungarian) Fallen... Abraham looks at him, terrified.
21) 18) dialog: (in Hungarian) He’1ll help us tomorrow! Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 65.
21) 25) dialog: (in Hungarian) My son.
21) 27) dialog: (in Hungarian) I do. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
21) 28) text: 39 66. Abraham looks at Saul. SAUL (CONT’D) (in Hungarian) I_have to bury my son.
21) 30) dialog: (in Hungarian, pointing at Braun) At least he will do what’s right. Abraham goes toward the curtain._He keeps an eye on Braun
21) 37) dialog: (in Hungarian) I don’t understand. He resumes his digging.
21) 54) dialog: (in Hungarian) You leave him.
21) 57) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) We're already dead. Saul takes Braun’s arm, lifts him up, and they go toward 69. Abraham._Yankl_ and Hirsch disappear. Braun is afraid, ca look into Abraham's eyes. Saul, weary, looks at Abraham. SAUL (CONT’D) (in Hungarian) I_have to take care of my son. Abraham's gaze is cold, with no empathy.
21) 59) dialog: (in Hungarian) He’s not from my wife. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014
21) 64) text: Saul looks at Abraham, who does not pay attention to him. Abraham's first reaction is to consult with Vassili. +
23) 2) text: Vassili brings Saul to Abraham, who is pouring some fuel the walls and the floor with two OTHER MEN. Mattresses ar burning. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 46 73. Abraham comes down to meet them.
23) 4) dialog: (in Hungarian) Let me go. Abraham looks at Saul, his eyes filled with pity and ange He turns his back on Saul. Saul rushes out.
23) 7) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) Follow. They start running amidst the bullets toward the opening. They leave the courtyard, running in the smoke and chaos.
24) 0) text: The two men run in the woods with the corpse still wrappe a sheet. In the distance, sporadic shots can be heard. They are both exhausted. Saul does not let his companion stop, even for a second. Then, after taking a path that goes down a little slope hidden by the trees, Saul suddenly stops. Saul starts digging with his hand by the roots of a large tree. Braun looks at him, clueless. He tries to pull Saul up as footsteps can be heard drawing nearer. Braun looks at Saul, who relentlessly resumes digging the earth with his hands.
24) 1) dialog: (in broken Yiddish) Kaddish. Kaddish. Please. Say it.
24) 4) dialog: (in Yiddish) You! Saul gets up, takes the corpse and follows him, also runn
25) 0) text: Saul, carrying the wrapped corpse, stops by the river, wh he finds Braun. He softly puts the corpse down to the ground. Dog barking be heard. Behind him eight fugitives of the Sonderkommando run out the woods, with Feigenbaum and Frankel leading them. Some them carry a revolver or a stick. Feigenbaum is wounded. The fugitives look briefly at the two men. Feigenbaum does not stop.
25) 2) dialog: (in Hungarian) Help me. Braun stops, and looks at Saul, before swimming away. Saul _goes back to the boy, uncovers the young face and l at it. He takes up the body and enters the water. He tries to maintain the body above the water, while swim toward the other side. Reaching the middle of the river, he looks around. He is alone. Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 49 76. The stream is too powerful. Saul, with no forces left, almost drowning, lets the body of his control. He watches helplessly as the wrapped body is taken by the waters and slowly disappears. Saul starts drowning. Frankel reaches Saul and helps him to the other side. Saul does not resist, but his face is now transformed, engulfed by helplessness.