7) 5) text: some kind of sympathy. Abraham is already looking at _an SS OFFICER who walks ou the penumbra, all the way to the glass on the heavy door looks through it for long seconds.
7) 6) dialog: in German Business is finished. Abraham grabs Saul’s hand and pulls him up. In the background the guards are opening the door. Around them, members of the kommando are gathering, encouraged b the kapos. Some men in gas masks pull out the first bodies and drag into the corridor.
7) 84) dialog: (in German) Don’t move. The man behind him puts a revolver to his neck. Two German_SS GUARDS rush inside +he—buitding. +
7) 87) dialog: (in German) You finish that! Saul moves to the reversed case, gathers the tools. Katz, frightened, starts working on the lock.
7) 88) dialog: in German Come her! The SS Guards and officers go to him.
7) 89) text: Saul can see as the members of the Sonderkommando are gathered near the smoking grounds. Saul looks at Biederman, standing next to the SS officer_ dirty clothes. Biederman glances at him, tense. A sudden roar of engines. Two trucks enter the scene, followed by a whole new kommando of prisoners. The Oberkapo Mietek starts assembling his men.
11) 13) dialog: (in German) A real shtetl dance, like in the good old days! + Saul starts imitating the SS, to whom the Jewish dance se more familiar than to Saul. The audience is well entertained. The officers and the SS doctors laugh. The Jewish doctors look away. The Chief doctor, less amused, snaps his fingers.
15) 37) dialog: (in German, shouts) Kapos! All Kapos! Saul moves away from the window and goes back toward his corner when Biederman grabs him by his arm.
20) 3) dialog: (in German) 67? What’s going on, you filthy + scum? The kapos talk to him, but their conversation cannot be heard. Saul and Braun look at the scene. Braun seems terrorized. Schlojme, weary, comes toward them. He looks at the man, then at Saul.
20) 7) dialog: (in German) Kapo, what's going on with the numbers?? Schlojme does not move for seconds. And then...
20) 9) dialog: (in German, indifferent) We'll see at roll call. The officer moves away. The gates open. They enter the krematorium.