5) 3) text: He kneels down. On the floor, papers, pictures and identi papers are gathered. Pretending to sort those out, Saul l through the pictures. In the background a MAN of the Sonderkommando gets hit on head. Saul quickly thumbs through all kinds of portraits, famil pictures. YANKL, a 19-year-old prisoner, dressed in a dark overcoat stops by him. Yankl takes the pile away from Saul_and_goes out of the r through the door ajar, to the exit area where a stove sta Saul gazes at Yankl, approaching a dark silhouette lit by fire of a stove. This is FRANKEL, throwing the papers int the fire.
5) 9) dialog: (in Hungarian) Give me this. Yankl takes the pile from Saul. Saul does not stop, and continues his way toward Frankel. Yankl follows him.
5) 11) dialog: (in Hungarian) See my pants? Under his coat, a red pair of WWI cavalry trousers can be seen.
5) 12) dialog: (in Hungarian) They’re older than me! ooting Draft April 25, 2014 tee tt 13. He laughs, showing Saul his pants.
5) 13) dialog: (in Hungarian) Four months I’ve been here, you listen to me! Saul doesn’t answer.
5) 14) dialog: (in Yiddish) Forever here, you and I, as if family. (changes tone) Go clean yourself, you stink. Saul goes to Frankel near the stove.
5) 17) text: the flames. He murmurs something continuously. Yankl follows Saul.
12) 16) dialog: (in Yiddish, into Frankel’s ear) The angel of death hears your
12) 17) text: blessings, rabbi! + Frankel removes the arm of Yankl with a strong movement f his back. + Saul looks back at the bread, takes a piece but throws it the table. + Behind, Hirsch is taking something from two of the men sitting against the wall. He comes next to Saul.
15) 25) dialog: (in Yiddish, cynical) So she saw it coming!_Tell me!! + Hirsch sits down. + Saul rubs his temple. He stops eating. + Shooting Draft April 25, 2014 46.
21) 0) text: PRISONERS’ HALL UNDER THE ROOF - SAUL’S CORNER - NIGHT The group of exhausted prisoners, among them Saul and Bra walk behind the silent ovens. They climb up the stairs. Frankel reaches Saul at the top of the stairs. Yankl foll them as they go further in the attic.
21) 7) dialog: (in Yiddish) This is a bandit who snores. Saul enters his corner. Frankel and Yankl leave. Braun is asleep. Saul points to a sheet below a little curtain in the hidd corner of the room.
21) 51) text: (in Yiddish) And this man now. Behind, Yankl and a POLISH PRISONER stand next to Braun, harassing him.
21) 52) dialog: (in Yiddish) Well, rabbi? It’s sabbath.
21) 55) dialog: (in Hungarian, ironic) He should do the service.