19) 9) dialog: Come on, honey -- Mercer blocks his path.
19) 10) dialog: You do not have the right -- at a time like this -- I need to see her -- you do not have the right to prevent me --
19) 12) dialog: She's my daughter.
56) 0) text: Mercer enters, turns on the light. A lonely figure among the empty desks. An old tape machine there. He presses the button. We hear a woman's voice -- the voice of Murrow's dead wife. (CONTINUED)
110) 0) text: Murrow, walking towards the doorman, holding his stepdaughter's hand. She is dressed in a smart school uniform.
124) 0) text: Erica is sitting inside the glass and steel dome of the ground floor of a parking lot, which looks out on the river. Next to her is a copy of the New York Post, in the box a picture of Murrow, the stepfather, and his daughter. She hits a button on her mobile and listens to the RINGING TONE. 86.
128) 0) text: Murrow stares at the elevator dial, which makes the same PINGING sound as it hits every floor. He glances briefly at Erica. Then his CELL PHONE RINGS.
128) 1) dialog: Yeah -- how late? Look, you told me it would be there, so it better be there. He closes his cell phone. Erica glances down at his feet. HIS SHOES -- immaculately polished, hand tailored. The elevator doors open, at the top floor.
129) 0) text: The rusting bridge, gleaming over the water, old factories across the way. A few cars still parked on the open rooftop. Murrow walks out of the elevator. After a beat, Erica follows. As Murrow reaches his car door, she speaks, from behind him.
129) 2) dialog: What? He turns.
129) 5) dialog: (irritated) Do I know you?
129) 10) dialog: Excuse me?
129) 12) dialog: You one of those press, paparazzo freaks? She has her hand beneath her jacket, about to take out her gun. He takes a crowbar from the car and suddenly turns on her.
129) 13) dialog: You got a camera there, huh? Yeah, well I have something for you. He lunges at her with the crowbar. Erica brings her hand up to protect her face. The crowbar slices through her jacket, opening her skin. She staggers backwards.
129) 14) dialog: Take my fucking picture? Come to my place, take my picture? He brings the crowbar down towards her again. She twists her body, to avoid it and finds herself face-to-face with him. She suddenly slams her forehead into the bridge of his nose. He staggers back, dropping the crowbar, his nose exploding with blood.
129) 15) dialog: What the fuck -- are you a cop? Erica bends down to pick up the crowbar.
130) 2) text: The body of Murrow, fallen from the car park above. His body is wrecked, a bloody crowbar part of the wreckage.