23) 0) text: VIEWS ON Carol and Walter. They play a standoffish game, noticing the other, but pretending not to. We HEAR and SEE bits of conversations:
25) 0) text: CAMERA PANS the gym and FINDS: Carol dancing with WALTER GETZ, slim, handsome, with a bi toothy grin. Carol's old high school boyfriend, he's now dentist and a fabulous dancer. They make a great team. Couples dancing around them react appreciatively.
25) 2) dialog: (with a quick tap step)
25) 3) text: Just call me Walter the dancing dentist. Taps and caps. My specialty.
27) 0) text: Dolores interviewing Walter and Carol.
27) 3) dialog: (cracking up)
29) 0) text: The BAND is PLAYING and SINGING the SONG "GOOD OLD ROCK A ROLL." Peggy and Sharon walk through the gym looking at t photo blowups on the wall. Peggy is stopped and hugged by several people. Maddy and Arthur are dancing. Despite the frantic beat, they are slow dancing. Seth is hanging arou the stage, bringing a drink to the guitar player. Walter dancing with Rosalie in her wheelchair.
30) 0) text: Dolores has left. Walter lays out lines of cocaine on the back of the clipboard, as Carol watches.
30) 1) dialog: The best thing about being a dentist. Pure pharmaceutical grade. A couple of lines of this, I can drill my own teeth... (looks at her for a
32) 6) text: Whatever Walter wants...
32) 8) text: Walter Getz.
33) 31) dialog: (kidding)
50) 0) text: They are surrounded by friends as they head into school. the door Walter and Leon are having a contest, hoisting themselves onto the sign pole, trying to get their bodies parallel to the ground. A crowd urges them on. We SEE tap the bottom of Walter's shoes.
55) 10) dialog: Why does your father take inventory on Sunday night? That's poker night. You always got out of it before.
55) 14) dialog: Strange rumors are sweeping the school about you.
55) 17) dialog: Prom what I hear, you really gave it to old Smellgrove.
55) 25) dialog: That's enough out of you, little lady.
55) 31) dialog: She's not wasting any time. Peggy Sue and Mr. Square Root?
55) 33) dialog: Oh, a book... Excuse me for a second. (fakes gagging)
73) 0) text: Thirty kids are dancing, talking, snacking. One couple ma out. Walter, Leon, Terry and Doug Snell are crowded aroun TV, watching an old western with Eugene Pallette or Edgar Buchanan. The boys laugh as Pallette or Buchanan growls a western cliche.
75) 3) dialog: Oh, it's you is it.
76) 0) text: Maddy, Arthur, Walter, Carol, Charlie and Peggy sit on a couch. Maddy and Carol sit in their boyfriends' laps. Peg sits distractedly on the couch arm. They cross talk В— bo boys В— girls to girls.
76) 2) dialog: The Yanks got the hitting but the Sox got the defense.
76) 10) dialog: (to Carol)
77) 17) text: I don't know what you said to her, but I wish I'd said it. Charlie and Walter walk over and accept "BRAVOS" from the girls. Walter does his James Dean imitation.
77) 24) dialog: Put on some makeВ—out music, and kill the lights. We HEAR a RECORD SCRATCH. A slow song begins. The lights dimmed. Coupler begin to slow dance. Charlie holds Peggy close, barely moving. Peggy is mistyВ—eyed, moved by bein Charlie's arms again.
78) 0) text: MUSIC FADES INTO the song "PARTY DOLL" by Buddy Knox. Peggy is doing the Twist, showing Charlie and several oth Walter gets the hang of it, twisting on one leg.  Carol t to keep up.  Maddy and Arthur are always a beat behind.
121) 12) text: Walter walks up to Charlie.
121) 13) dialog: Hey Charlie, what do you think of this? Walter does a totally demented dance step, finishing by strumming his leg like a guitar. He stands there grinning