7) 1) dialog: You get my cigarettes? Precious freezes. Her HEART BEATS loudly.
7) 4) dialog: DRESS sits on the couch with her back turned to Precious. This woman looks as if she is one with the furniture.
10) 1) dialog: (at the top of her lungs)
11) 0) text: Eyes closed with ashes and tears on her face, Precious la still on the floor. Her hands are still wet from the dish GOOOSH! 2 gallons of water splash down on her. Her eyes spring open. Mary stands over Precious with a large dripping pot in he hands. She drops it on the floor and returns to the couch watch another program.
11) 1) dialog: ...I ain' gon' say it again.
12) 0) text: Pots and pans sizzle on the stove. Precious, now wearing a dry T-shirt, tends to dinner meticulously until ... ANNNNT! The sharp sound of a BUZZER rings. Mary and Precious turn to the door in unison.
12) 1) dialog: Tell them assholes to stop ringing my bell. Here is our first good look at Mary. She wares way too mu make up. Precious wipes her hands and heads for the door though Ma sits much closer to it.
12) 15) dialog: Press LISTEN stupid.
12) 18) text: Precious' face goes blank. Mary looks alarmed and mutes t television.
12) 19) dialog: Who that Precious?
14) 0) text: Precious and Mary still try to sort this out.
14) 1) dialog: What she want?
14) 3) dialog: Ask her stupid. Precious presses TALK.
14) 6) dialog: Eighty-six that bitch. Precious looks unsure.
16) 5) text: Claireece, are you listening? Precious looks at her mother. Mary clearly finds this all bizarre.
18) 2) text: There is silent movement behind Precious. Mary approaches quietly wielding a skillet. Mary swings for a head shot but Precious easily sidesteps blow. The refrigerator takes the hit and a new dent. Precious stares calmly at her mother. Mary almost looks ashamed. Still aglow, Precious grins absently at her mother and th leaves the kitchen.
18) 7) dialog: School can't help none. Go down welfare. Who she think she is?
21) 1) dialog: Where you going? DUNK, CLINK, CLONK, CLANK -Precious opens 4 locks with sw precision.
21) 2) dialog: You hear me talking to you?! Precious leaves slamming the door behind her.
37) 4) dialog: What?!
37) 6) dialog: For what?
37) 12) dialog: (beat) How much you need?
37) 14) dialog: (beat) Come and git it then.
38) 0) text: Large panties fall to the floor from beneath the sheets. Mary's knees widen beneath the covers.
39) 1) dialog: Where you going?!
54) 0) text: Precious enters the apartment. Mary sits on the couch watching "THE COSBYS."
54) 1) dialog: Bring your fat ass in here! Precious suddenly looks exhausted.
54) 2) dialog: Where you sneak your ass off to this morning? Precious doesn't respond.
54) 3) dialog: You hear me talking to you! Where you sneak your ass off to this morning?!
54) 5) dialog: You lying whore!
54) 7) dialog: You is! The welfare done called here, saying they is removing you from my budget 'cause you not in regular attendance in school.
54) 13) dialog: You didn't say nothin' `bout no damn school today.
54) 15) text: At a loss but still angered, Mary turns back to the television slowly. Precious starts for her room until...
54) 16) dialog: I ain' had no breakfast.
54) 17) text: Precious stops, sighs, heads to the sink and starts washi her hands. Mary talks to Precious while watching television.
54) 18) dialog: ...Need to forget school. Need to git your ass on down to welfare.
54) 21) dialog: Fool fuck a stipend. What's that? I said take your ass down to welfare.
54) 24) dialog: No stupid. Got to be there at 7 in the A.M. if you gonna talk to anybody...
54) 26) dialog: -Oh you too good for that? Is that what you is now, too good for welfare? (beat)
54) 31) dialog: Now hurry yo ass up. I'm gon die of starvation over here. Then where you be at then?
55) 2) dialog: What you gon' have?
55) 4) dialog: Yes you is.
55) 6) dialog: Sit your ass down. Precious sighs and joins Mary on the couch. Mary hands Precious the plate and silverware.
55) 7) dialog: Jus make mine after you done. This gon' get cold if it sit.
55) 13) dialog: Do what I say don't say what I say. Now eat bitch!
55) 14) text: Precious starts eating slowly. Mary lights her cigarette.
55) 15) dialog: ...Best feed like a pig and not a cow so's you can git yo ass back to the stove. If I croak off starvation, where in the world you be at then?
56) 0) text: Pots and pans sit drying on the counter. Precious wipes her hands on a dishcloth. The room is quiet and empty now. Precious stares blankly out of the window. ...She goes to the television, presses the remote and sit down. "THE COSBYS" is still on. Tired and full, she turns TV off. She watches Mary's face snoring rhythmically but extremely unpleasant noises. Finally, she backs away and to her bedroom.
79) 0) text: We drift towards Mary, at one with the couch, watching television. One hand holds a cigarette while the other mi an enormous bag of potato chips elbow-deep. Her greasy mouth remains occupied with either a cigarette potato chip or both at all times.
86) 1) dialog: Bitch!!! CRASH!!! A flying vase barely misses Precious and Abdul a then shatters against the wall. Abdul WAILS.
86) 6) dialog: 
86) 15) dialog: 
86) 23) dialog: 
86) 32) dialog: 
87) 1) dialog: 
91) 0) text: Mary barrels into Precious' bedroom yelling and screaming she turns the place upside down. She rips down Precious' handprints along with her Cyndi Lauper poster. She then picks up a brush and hurls it int Precious' mirror, shattering it to pieces.
122) 0) text: Precious descends a staircase to a long corridor clearly in thought every step of the way. She stops momentarily to straighten her clothes. When she finally reaches a day room at the other end of t hall, she looks through its window for a moment. Mary sits inside crushing and dwarfing the couch upon whi she waits. She looks frail. Her wig is half combed. She's nervous. Her sweaty hands crumple her cigarette package. Precious covers her nose a moment, lowers her hand, readi herself and then steps into the room.
123) 0) text: Once inside the room, and for the first time, Precious' s face looks like stone. Mary looks up with a brief but quickly fading smile that pathetic, apologetic and grim. Precious waits. The air is thick without a single word between them. Finally, Mary looks down.
123) 1) dialog: Your daddy dead.
123) 2) text: Precious looks surprised for a moment but still composed. Mary waits for a response.
123) 8) dialog: No. (beat) Carl ...Carl had that AIDS virus.
123) 13) dialog: Got what?
123) 15) dialog: No.
123) 17) dialog: We never did, you know...
123) 19) dialog: We never did what you got to do to get it.
123) 21) dialog: Yeah...but not like faggots, in the ass and all, so I know.
123) 28) dialog: You welcome back home.
123) 30) text: I better go see 'bout Abdul and do homework. Mary doesn't move as Precious leaves. Mary sits staring at the floor at the far side of the roo
124) 0) text: Precious enters, takes Abdul from his crib, holds him clo and sits on her bed. Moments later, a TAPPING on the window draws her attentio Precious rises to find Tom Cruise hurling pebbles up at h window in a leather jacket. A MOTORCYCLE sits a few feet away from him. He beckons her. She stares down at him with solemn eyes. Tom finally mounts his bike and vanishes into thin air wh revving its engine. Mary then crosses the frame where he was. Precious turns to Abdul and kisses him on the head.
142) 0) text: Mary looks worse than ever. Her hair and clothing are disastrous. She rocks somewhat anxiously on the edge of h seat like a desperate salesman looking to close a deal.
142) 1) dialog: 'Buse?
142) 3) dialog: There was no drugs in ma house! No drugs! 'Cause Precious know damn well I whoop her ass bright blue if she bring some drugs in ma...
142) 5) dialog: Why'nt you say dat? Dat?! Okay. When it first start?
142) 12) dialog: ...Well, I, Precious b'long at home cause I'm a good mother. She had everything. I done tole her that. Pink 'n white baby carriage, little pink bootie socks, dresses; everything I put on her pink. Precious, she so smiling and healthy. A day don't go by I don't throw her wheeling in the air. I take her up and down 125th Street. Me 'n Carl loved Precious. I dreamed of the day we was gonna you know, git married, git house wif grass, color TV's in all the rooms. Precious, She born about the same time as Miz West son that got kilt. You remember him don't you Precious?
142) 14) dialog: He born summertime 'bout same time as you.
142) 16) dialog: Yeah yeah thas right. My little Scorpio chile! Scorpio's crafty. I ain' sayin' they lie, jus' you cain't always trust 'em.
142) 23) dialog: When? I don't know when it start. When I remember it? She still little. Yeah, around three maybe. I give her a bottle. I still got milk in my bresses but not from her but from Carl sucking. I give him tittie, Precious bottle. Hygiene, you know?
142) 26) dialog: Huh?
142) 28) dialog: I bottle her, tittie him. Bottle more better for kidz. Sanitary. But I never git dried up 'cause Carl always on me. It's like that you know. Chile, man -a woman got bofe. What you gonna do? So we in bed. I put her one side of me on pillow, Carl on other side of me. Ms. Weiss looks as if she's stopped breathing. I think thas the day IT start. So he on me. Then he reach over to Precious! I say Carl what you doing! He say shut your big ass up! This good for her. I say stop Carl stop! I want him on me! I never wanted him to hurt her. I didn't want him doing anything to her. I wanted my man for myself -to sex me up, not my chile. Me God damn it! So you cain't blame all that shit happen to Precious on me. I love Carl, I loved him. He her daddy but he was my man! Mary can't help but to shoot a look of anger at Precious while Ms. Weiss pauses to regain her composure...
143) 1) dialog: Lady from Each One Preach One say she got poems too. In fact...
143) 4) text: I forgive you too. Mary smiles warmly and nods confidently to Ms. Weiss.
143) 7) text: Stay down Mama. Mary sits obediently. Precious turns to Ms. Weiss.
143) 16) text: Precious stands abruptly, startling both women. She takes step towards her mother. Mary winces. Ms. Weiss looks concerned.
143) 18) text: Precious leans and kisses Mary tenderly on the cheek, tur and gently touches Ms. Weiss' shoulder. Precious takes a good look at them both, smiles and leave the room.