0) 7) text: What's your name girl? Precious blushes.
0) 10) dialog: My name is Precious Jones. I wanna take tap dance lessons. Mama said we can't afford it. A SCHOOL BELL RINGS.
1) 1) dialog: Plus she say who wanna see me dancing anyway. I goes to I.S. 111. In Harlem. New York. Today I was almost late. That'd a been a problem. Precious scurries behind them donning the red scarf and lugging her book bag.
2) 0) text: Precious sits in the last row behind 26 children half her size, 3 years younger and mostly African American. Noise projectiles fill the air. MR. WICHER -A FRAIL MAN IN A BOW TIE AND TWEED COAT, stan at the head of the class trying to establish order.
2) 2) dialog: I like maff but I don't say nuffin' -don't open my book even. Just sit there. The giggling boys continue their shenanigans.
2) 5) dialog: Everyday I tell myself something gonna happen, like I'm gonna break through or somebody gonna break through to me -I'm gonna learn, catch up, be normal, sit in the front ...someday. The giggling flares up again. Precious sneers at the boys
2) 12) dialog: I like Mr. Wicher. I pretend he my husband and we live in Weschesser, whereever that is. I can see by his eyes Mr. Wicher like me too. I wish I could tell him all the pages in my book look the same to me, but I can't..
2) 18) dialog: I feels sorry for Mr. Wicher. He do his best but he ain't got no voice. He scared too. I feels sorry for him. The boys break out in RIOTOUS LAUGHTER until ...
2) 23) dialog: Shut up motherfuckers, I'm trying to learn something! Hard enuff wiffout you stupid clowns carryin' on!
2) 25) text: ...sorry Precious.
2) 27) text: We cool. Precious shoves them down in their seats and huffs.
2) 28) dialog: Stupid asses... Go on 'bout cha lesson Mr. Wicher. They ain' gonna give you no more trouble today. Precious turns her desk upright and sits back down. Mr. Wicher looks grateful.
2) 29) dialog: I'm like the polices for Mr. Wicher. Tha's why I can't be late to maff. KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. Someone is outside the classroom. Mr. Wicher waves her inside.
2) 31) dialog: Now dis ... Mrs. Lichenstein sends Precious an oversized grin and bec to her.
2) 37) dialog: What this bitch want? Claireece ... Only motherfuckers I hate call me Claireece. Precious gathers her belongings. The other children watch every move in silence. When she reaches the front of the class ...
2) 38) dialog: You gonna be okay Mr. Wicher?
2) 40) text: Of course Precious. Thank you. An unconvinced Precious grins sadly as Mrs. Lichenstein motions for Precious to step out ahead of her. Mr. Wicher looks abandoned. The door closing behind Preci might as well be to a prison cell block. Noise inside the classroom returns immediately.
3) 0) text: Precious heads off down the wide hallway in silence.
4) 0) text: Precious waits among plants, plaques, pictures and file cabinets while Mrs. Lichenstein sits across from her read from a file. Mrs. Lichenstein closes the file and sets it on the desk between them.
4) 8) text: Precious doesn't respond.
4) 10) text: Precious doesn't respond.
4) 12) dialog: Am I in trouble?
4) 14) dialog: Am I in trouble?
4) 16) dialog: (beat) Then I don't want to miss no more of maff class.
4) 17) text: Precious starts to rise.
4) 19) text: Precious sits and sighs.
4) 21) dialog: My muver is busy.
4) 27) dialog: My muver wouldn't like that.
4) 29) dialog: For what?
4) 31) dialog: That ain't fair. I ain' done nuffin! I doose my work. I ain' in no trouble. My grades is good...
4) 36) dialog: No kids on her pictures. Maybe she jealous. I still don't say nuffin.
4) 44) dialog: Thas when I knew I'd never get back to maff class ...Lawd I hate this hoe. Precious lunges from her chair and reaches over the desk. Mrs. Lichenstein vaults backwards in terror and tumbles t the floor.
5) 0) text: Precious bursts out of Mrs. Lichenstein's office and walk the exit. Mrs. Lichenstein's distant voice still cries fo security.
6) 0) text: Precious heads down the hall without looking back. Mrs. Lichenstein's CRIES are still audible.
7) 0) text: A faucet runs. Precious stands over the sink washing dishes. A moment la a WOMAN'S VOICE speaks over the sound of a TELEVISION.
7) 2) dialog: (delicately)
8) 2) dialog: (softly)
8) 3) text: Daddy? An enormous hand muzzles her. Precious lays there impassively as her vacant eyes fixate a long crack in the ceiling. As we drift towards the crack it seems to widen -to open another world where...
9) 0) text: Blinding flashbulbs pop everywhere. Precious walks the red carpet with Tom Cruise. They head toward the entrance of the theatre stopping occasionally sign autographs. Both sport matching sunglasses. The paparazzi is going wild. THUNDER RUMBLES. Precious removes her sunglasses and sear the sky. A LIGHTENING CRACK ROARS. Rain starts to fall as ...
11) 0) text: Eyes closed with ashes and tears on her face, Precious la still on the floor. Her hands are still wet from the dish GOOOSH! 2 gallons of water splash down on her. Her eyes spring open. Mary stands over Precious with a large dripping pot in he hands. She drops it on the floor and returns to the couch watch another program.
12) 0) text: Pots and pans sizzle on the stove. Precious, now wearing a dry T-shirt, tends to dinner meticulously until ... ANNNNT! The sharp sound of a BUZZER rings. Mary and Precious turn to the door in unison.
12) 6) dialog: No one ever ring the bell but crack addicts. I hates crack addicts. Give the ghetto a bad name.
12) 7) text: Precious presses TALK on the intercom.
12) 8) dialog: Stop ringing the goddam buzzer motherfucker!
12) 9) text: Precious heads back to the dishes until ... ANNNT! The buzzer again. Precious returns to the intercom.
12) 10) dialog: Stop ringing the goddam buzzer.
12) 12) dialog: Stop it!
12) 14) dialog: Stop it!
12) 16) text: Precious sighs and presses LISTEN.
12) 18) text: Precious' face goes blank. Mary looks alarmed and mutes t television.
12) 20) dialog: White bitch from school.
13) 5) dialog: Lord, where is crack addicts when you need 'em...
14) 0) text: Precious and Mary still try to sort this out.
14) 2) dialog: I don't know.
14) 4) dialog: What you want? Precious presses LISTEN.
15) 1) dialog: This bitch crazy. 'Sides, my muver don't want to get cut off welfare and that's what Mrs. Lichenstein comin' to visit result in. It's hard to believe a hoe dis retarded sposed to educate somebody.
16) 0) text: Precious presses TALK.
16) 1) dialog: Git outa here Mrs. Lichenstein 'fore I kick your ass.
16) 5) text: Claireece, are you listening? Precious looks at her mother. Mary clearly finds this all bizarre.
16) 7) dialog: Yeah. Precious presses LISTEN.
16) 9) dialog: I know where that is. Precious releases the button.
16) 14) dialog: Bitch.
16) 15) text: Precious presses LISTEN.
16) 17) dialog: I heard you the first time.
17) 1) dialog: I don't know what an alternative school is but I feel I want to know...
18) 0) text: Precious leans against the refrigerator glowing.
18) 1) dialog: My heart is all warm...Mr. Wicher say I'm a good student.
18) 2) text: There is silent movement behind Precious. Mary approaches quietly wielding a skillet. Mary swings for a head shot but Precious easily sidesteps blow. The refrigerator takes the hit and a new dent. Precious stares calmly at her mother. Mary almost looks ashamed. Still aglow, Precious grins absently at her mother and th leaves the kitchen.
19) 0) text: Precious, now dressed for bed and still beaming, pulls th covers to her chest.
21) 0) text: Precious heads for the front door.
22) 0) text: We track with Precious as she exits her building. RUBY, A
22) 3) dialog: (without turning around)
22) 6) dialog: See, thas jus exackly why we ain' gon' be playin'. I never said nuffin like it.
22) 8) dialog: Cause you a mess. Look at ya' -no style, no friends, no mama, no daddy.
22) 10) dialog: What you say?!
22) 12) dialog: Thas what I thought. Precious heads away into the distance.
22) 14) dialog: You do that.
23) 0) text: Precious walks gazing upward. Street lamps pass beneath the sky as autumn leaves fall f nowhere.
23) 1) dialog: I'm lookin' up. Lookin' out for a piano to fall, a desk, couch, TV, Mama maybe? Always somethin' in the way. Alternative. I'm gon' see all about it.
23) 3) dialog: Then my mind come back down to Earf.
23) 5) dialog: Boyz always been little things that laff and grab they selves -cept for when I's real big and pregnant wif my first baby. Then boyz don't say nuffin. They stand out the way real quiet like I'm Queen of England... Pointing at her leggings, the boys erupt some more.
23) 6) dialog: Still, I wonder...what could I wear that boyz don't laff? Precious crashes to the ground. The boys look surprised a moment and then howl harder than ever.
23) 7) dialog: I always be fallin like that when my mind be wanderin. Mama say I gonna fall to my death one day. Wonder what that be like?
24) 0) text: Precious in Black leotards, fishnet stockings and patent leather shoes tap dancing away. She finishes her number a Tom Cruise walks into frame clapping. Tom gives her a hug a friendly lick on the ear.
25) 0) text: Precious continues to stare into space as a dog licks on ear.
26) 0) text: Precious walks amongst a crowd of people and stops to sta at the Hotel Theresa, a beautiful pre-war building.
27) 0) text: Precious enters the lobby. An older black man in a blue uniform sits in a chair reading the Daily News through th glasses. He doesn't move, react, speak to or look at Precious as s passes him. Precious glances back at him as she reaches the elevators presses the button and waits. The elevator doors open. Precious steps inside and turns around. Her eyes widen and time slows down. The sound of rises. Moments later, Precious snaps out of her daze and hastily pushes button 19. The doors close.
28) 0) text: Precious rises....5....8....14....15....and.... DING! 19. The elevator doors fly open.
29) 0) text: Precious steps out to find an AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMAN IN H EARLY 30'S WEARING HER HAIR IN "CORNROWS". She sits behind a desk while speaking on the phone.
29) 2) dialog: This the alternative?
29) 5) dialog: This the alternative?
29) 7) dialog: (pointing)
29) 10) dialog: I'm looking for alternative school.
29) 12) dialog: What alternative is?
29) 18) dialog: Alternative. The lady from my other school tell me to come here to Hotel Theresa, nineteenth floor, it's "alternative" school.
29) 20) dialog: Oh.
29) 22) dialog: I got kicked out 'cause I was pregnant.
29) 24) dialog: Mrs. Lichenstein ain' say all that.
29) 26) dialog: What she say?
29) 28) dialog: Thas me.
29) 34) dialog: What stuff?
29) 37) dialog: I thought this was new start. File and tesses chase me to the grave.
29) 39) dialog: Huh?
29) 41) dialog: Can I start today?
29) 43) dialog: No...My muver get AFDC for me and my daughter.
29) 45) dialog: Huh?
29) 51) dialog: Not this baby! I got another one 'sides this coming.
29) 54) dialog: I got to go get all that now?
29) 56) dialog: What's the difference?
29) 58) dialog: I was in ninfe grade at I.S. Ill.
29) 60) text: Then you should have no problem. Precious doesn't look as convinced.
32) 0) text: A YOUNGER PRECIOUS with uncombed hair sits with her back us in a bright pink dress. She is at the very back of the classroom.
33) 0) text: Precious' pencil point has broken but she still holds the pencil as if about to write.
33) 8) dialog: There has always been something wrong wif the tesses ...
34) 0) text: Precious walks with her hands in her pockets watching the pavement pass beneath her.
34) 1) dialog: ...The tesses paint a picture of me wif no brain. The tesses paint a picture of me 'an my muver -my whole family as less than dumb just ugly black grease to be wiped away, punished, caged up, kilt, changed, finded a job for. Precious leaves us behind.
34) 2) dialog: Sometimes I wish I was not alive. I be O.K. I guess.
36) 0) text: ...A hairbrush lands on a dresser. ...Thick hands remove a red scarf from a drawer. ...The clock on the night stand reads 8:29. Precious sits on the side of her bed fully dressed with r leggings and her red scarf staring at the clock with a notebook in her hands.
36) 1) dialog: Today is first day. I been tessed. I been incomed eligible. I got my medicaid card, proof of address, self, pencil, notebook -alla dat shit.
37) 0) text: ...Precious stares into the refrigerator. ...Precious stares into the freezer. Finally, she closes the door.
37) 1) dialog: MA! !!
37) 3) dialog: MA! !!
37) 5) dialog: I need some money.
37) 11) dialog: Sumthin' to eat. My head hurt.
37) 13) dialog: Five dollars.
39) 0) text: A frozen Precious stares across the apartment for a brief eternity. Finally, she dashes for the front door, throws open the l and bolts out of the apartment slamming the door behind h
40) 0) text: Precious walks briskly.
40) 1) dialog: The other day I cried, felt stupid. Guess what...Fuck that other day. Thas why God or whoever make new days. Still hungry tho.
40) 2) text: Precious stops and looks up at something. Before her stands a fast food restaurant with a giant sig atop it that says KICKIN FRIED CHICKEN. Precious looks around, takes a deep breath and steps insi
41) 0) text: Precious approaches the counter with a strained "nonchalance". A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN IN A HAIR-NET waits behind the regist Precious sets her notebook and pencil down on the nearest table.
41) 2) dialog: Give me a basket please.
41) 4) dialog: Ain't sure. still thinkin'. Watchin' the weight you know. The woman chuckles and then leaves for the chicken. The digital clock on the wall reads 8:53. Precious whirls around to see A YOUNG MAN CIGARETTE IN HI MOUTH spraying the door with glass cleaner and then wipin from the bottom up. Precious turns back around to find her server selecting pieces of chicken from a huge tray with large silver tong The clock on the wall reads 8:54. Precious turns to the door again to find the young man st cleaning it. Precious turns back around to see her server returning wi basket of chicken.
41) 5) dialog: Potato salad! Thas it. The woman nods, sets the chicken on the counter and heads back towards the refrigerator in one fluid motion.
42) 0) text: Precious bursts out of the restaurant with the bucket und one arm and sprints off down the block. A SCREAM from inside follows.
43) 0) text: Precious finishes off the chicken at the exact moment she reaches the Hotel, stuffs the bones and basket into a tra bin and dashes into the building.
44) 0) text: Precious looks at her watch and then freezes as if someth terrible has just dawned on her.
45) 0) text: Precious' notebook and pencil sit on the table where she them.
46) 0) text: Precious looks crestfallen. A glance at her watch makes i worse.
47) 0) text: The elevator doors open. Cornrows speaks on the phone whi picking her nails. Several lines are ringing. She waves f behind her desk as Precious walks by.
48) 0) text: Precious, nauseous, makes her way down the hallway.
49) 0) text: Precious lunges for a trash bin into which she promptly vomits. She quickly catches her breath. Wipes her mouth and looks feet away at a brightness coming from an open doorway. He HEART BEATS loudly. Precious stands up. She seems to be there for a considera spell. A blur of a young girl darts into the room from the other of the hall without looking at her.
49) 8) dialog: Yes.
50) 0) text: Ms. Rain's desk sits before six smaller ones situated in semi-circle. Four of them are occupied by girls roughly Precious' age:
50) 4) dialog: First thing I wonder is where is everybody -the boyz, the noises ...this feel like a Sunday school or crazy house...or something like bof' but different. Smell different too. Precious' eyes land on the lone desk in the rear of the r
50) 19) dialog: It's mine!
50) 25) dialog: I leff it! I did! I leff it at the Kickin Fried Chicken on Lenox tween one-two-seven and one-two-six this morning.
50) 31) text: When you due? Precious looks down and shrugs her shoulders.
50) 44) dialog: Off da bat sumthin' different wif dis lady. She like to sing. I wish I could sing. Go to church. Sing on a choir. Mama say ain't no God. Dis lady remind me Mr. Wicher but more a man and like Miss Lichenstein 'cept not a cuckoo. Dress like she ride in out the village too.
50) 86) dialog: (softly)
50) 89) text: Certainly. Jo Ann? Precious exhales looking astoundingly grateful and then t to Jo Ann.
50) 95) dialog: I could...Could I...go? Surprised, Ms. Rain and the class turn to Precious. She i visibly uncomfortable and seems as if trying to hide in p sight.
50) 101) dialog: Everybody looking at me now. Everybody see me. I wish for back of class again... The distant desk vanishes over Precious' shoulder.
50) 102) dialog: ...then I think, never that again. Precious exhales.
50) 103) dialog: My name Claireece Precious Jones. I go by Precious. I was born in Harlem. I like yellow 'n I had a problem at my old school so I come here.
50) 105) text: Something you do well? Precious thinks for a moment and then shrugs.
50) 106) dialog: ...Nuffin.
50) 108) text: Everybody is good at something. Precious shakes her head.
50) 110) dialog: (looking down)
50) 113) dialog: I never... The room continues to wait.
50) 118) dialog: Well ...I never talked in class before. I guess now I could do that too.
50) 120) text: How does it make you feel? Precious looks around but seems to be searching inside mo than anywhere else. After a moment...
50) 121) dialog: ...Here. It make me feel ...here. The class is quietly taken aback. Precious smiles as if having just made it ashore from a s lost at sea.
51) 0) text: Precious walks off alone still beaming from the new world has discovered.      P
51) 7) text: Ms. Rain vanishes and Precious shakes her head.
51) 8) dialog: ...Whatever the fuck that spozed to mean. This school different, okay. But this not Star Trek neitha'.
51) 9) text: Precious continues into the distance.
51) 10) dialog: Complicated, complicated -Chinese journeys, 2 books, write 'n you don't know how? Dawg ...
52) 3) text: Rita picks up the largest shard of chalk from the floor a writes E on the board. She hands the chalk to Precious an Precious writes F. The entire class sits simultaneously and then giggles at their synchronicity.
53) 0) text: Precious and Ms. Rain sit close together over a small tab looking down at a large colorful children's book.
53) 2) dialog: Sure lady, right after I get voted president.
53) 4) dialog: I can't do that Miz Rain.
53) 9) dialog: 
53) 16) dialog: The pages ... Ms. Rain looks down perplexed.
53) 17) dialog: (defeated)
53) 21) dialog: The words. Ms. Rain sighs. She sits back for a moment and looks as i she's processing more than just the tragedy of this particular situation but what is that of countless others In a decisive, almost militaristic movement, Ms. Rain sit again.
53) 24) dialog: Peoples at the beach?
53) 31) dialog: Yes. A. Ms. Rain points to the next word.
53) 33) dialog: No. I don't.
53) 35) dialog: 
53) 40) dialog: Ate.
53) 42) dialog: The! Ms. Rain points to the next word.
53) 43) dialog: ...Beach?
53) 49) dialog: A-Day-at-the-Shore. Amazed the words that escaped were from her very own mout Precious' jaw drops. She whirls to Ms. Rain. Ms. Rain smiles. We ease away from the office as the two of them continue working down the page.
54) 0) text: Precious enters the apartment. Mary sits on the couch watching "THE COSBYS."
54) 4) dialog: School! I was at school!
54) 6) dialog: Am not!
54) 8) dialog: Mama, I tole you I got kicked out. I been home mostly every day for two weeks.
54) 14) dialog: Mama, I tole you dis morning I was goin'to school.
54) 15) text: At a loss but still angered, Mary turns back to the television slowly. Precious starts for her room until...
54) 17) text: Precious stops, sighs, heads to the sink and starts washi her hands. Mary talks to Precious while watching television.
54) 19) text: Precious dries her hands and reaches for a pan.
54) 20) dialog: I'm gonna get stipend for school and then...
54) 22) text: Precious stops everything with the pan in her hand.
54) 23) dialog: Now?
54) 25) text: Precious shakes her head, huffs and turns on the stove. M then presses the mute button on the remote and whirls aro with a cold cigarette between her fingers.
55) 0) text: A picturesque plate of pork chops and mashed potatoes. Precious delivers it to the couch with a fork and knife.
55) 3) dialog: I ain' hungry. I ...
55) 5) dialog: But Mama I ...
55) 12) dialog: But I thought you said you was hongry?
55) 14) text: Precious starts eating slowly. Mary lights her cigarette.
55) 16) text: Precious eats reluctantly.
56) 0) text: Pots and pans sit drying on the counter. Precious wipes her hands on a dishcloth. The room is quiet and empty now. Precious stares blankly out of the window. ...She goes to the television, presses the remote and sit down. "THE COSBYS" is still on. Tired and full, she turns TV off. She watches Mary's face snoring rhythmically but extremely unpleasant noises. Finally, she backs away and to her bedroom.
57) 0) text: Precious falls back across her bed with her arms spread. She stares up at the crack in her ceiling... A hand darts into frame, touches Precious' side and then quickly withdraws. Precious ignores it. The hand returns another jab. Precious restrains a grin. Finally the hand tickles her fiercely.
58) 0) text: Precious sits on a small couch in a modest office contain 2 bookshelves, several plaques and 2 file cabinets. MS. WEISS -40's, CAUCASIAN, CONSERVATIVELY DRESSED sits across from Precious with a clipboard on her lap and glas low on her nose. A strap hangs down from the glasses and snakes around the back of her neck.
58) 1) dialog: What do you want me to say?
58) 3) dialog: Seem like inquiring white bitches always want to know.
58) 4) dialog: I wish I had a TV in my room.
58) 7) dialog: No... My muver is a like a whale person for the couch. She says I eat alla time, but then she always makin' me eat... and then call me a fat mess.... She says apartment is little because of me.
58) 13) dialog: I don't know much more than you do Miz White...
58) 15) dialog: He say he the original man like Farrakhan be saying but little do he know about it. He give me this baby comin and my other one before. Thas all I know. Don't see him. Don't need to I guess.
58) 17) dialog: (catching herself) ...Nuffin.
58) 19) dialog: No I didn't neitha. If you heard that, then you heard sumthin' else cause I ain' said nuffin like it!
58) 21) dialog: Now whas next?
59) 3) dialog: Mongo?
59) 5) dialog: Mongo? Thas short for Mongoloid. She got Down Sinder.
59) 7) dialog: Alla dat. The child seems only mildly aware of what is going on. The DOORBELL rings again. Precious opens the door. A HISP WOMAN IN HER THIRTIES with an attache case enters. As the woman steps inside, we see that Mary has finished tidying herself. Mary and the woman exchange small talk while Precious listens. Mary has never seemed so congenial.
59) 8) dialog: My grandmuver Toosie, brangs Little Mongo over on days social worker come so it look like Mongo live wif us. Then my mama get the check 'n food stamps for me 'n Little Mongo. But it's my baby. Little Mongo is money for me, not her!
60) 0) text: Precious continues speaking to Ms. Weiss from the couch.
60) 1) dialog: ...Sometimes I see vampires too. They come for me sometimes and they say that I am one of them. They say, "Precious, you belong wif us."
60) 3) dialog: I say, "Check wif my muver." After that, they just look at me and go down through the floor. The family downstairs is vampires so that's where they should go. Ms. Weiss looks up from her clipboard and over her glasse Precious reflects a moment and then looks up.
60) 4) dialog: I'm going to the doctor now too. It's nice. Miz Rain, she fall out when she finded out that I ain' been to no doctor. Whole class scream 'preenatal' at me. They don't know I had my first baby on the kitchen floor wif my muver kicking me upside my head. I mean, who would believe? Precious snickers reminiscently a moment and then turns t Ms. Weiss.
60) 5) dialog: Them the kind of thangs you mean when you say talk about whatever come into my mind? Ms. Weiss looks up and nods through a perplexed daze.
61) 0) text: Precious rides lost in thought.
61) 1) dialog: I still don't know why I said all them thangs. I know I wasn't s'posed to. Just tired.
62) 1) dialog: Miz Rain brang us out to see some real old stuff. Thangs and stuff before TV's was made, before Mr. Abraham Lincoln, before Miz Harriet Tubman -maybe some stuff before Miz Weiss even.
62) 2) text: Precious and Rita fearfully enter the Tomb of Perneb. 2 s in, Rita grabs Precious hand tightly.
62) 3) dialog: Before we turn tha corner in a mummy tomb, Rita grab hold of my hand. No one in my life ever do that. Ever. (beat) How Rita do it wiffout a thought?
62) 5) dialog: Guide lady smart. Say dis the first civilization of the Earf. Black folks, first!
63) 0) text: Ms. Rain writes briskly across the blackboard. As she makes her way across the frame, a barrage of lette and numbers peel off the board, fly across the room, conv and enter Precious' forehead.
64) 0) text: Precious rides on one of the side seats towards the back while wearing her red scarf. The New Yorkers surrounding her are all men of various backgrounds. All wear the exact same suits and raincoats. Precious looks up to find two of the businessmen staring at her. We pan from them and around the bus to find all of the ot passengers studying Precious in silence as well.
64) 1) dialog: I liked'd that museum so much I went back by myself... Peoples ...They only look when my belly big. They minds all made. But do they know? No. They do not know that I am a girl for flowers and thin straw legs?
64) 2) dialog: If other peoples could see that the way I do, they would see that I am a real person inside. Our long circular pan finally lands on Precious' seat but sitting there now is the pretty blond white girl from Precious' bedroom mirror wearing Precious' clothes. The bus grinds to a stop. A man smiles at Precious and steps off the bus. The original Precious takes the abandoned newspaper from empty seat and tries to read it.
64) 7) dialog: Miz Rain say the longest journey begin wif a single step. I wonder what step they journeys begin on. Mama always talk about how there be all different types of welfare. I want filfy rich white folks welfare. Mama crazy but Mama not stupid. Precious continues observing pensively as the ladies pass bearded and bedraggled elderly white man laying on the st in tattered clothes. As Precious studies him, her expression changes ever so slightly. Enormous handwritten letters forming "NOT STUPID" overtak her face as we DISSOLVE TO the PAGE upon which she wrote
65) 0) text: Precious writes in her notebook. All of the other girls d the same.
65) 1) dialog: I am happy to be writing. I am happy to be in school. I am happy to know my baby coming soon. Don't see the sense in pretending I am not pregnant anymore. I am also thinking about lil Mongo a lot. Miz Rain say we gonna write everyday, that mean home too.
65) 2) dialog: And she gonna write back everyday. Thas great. Precious looks up to find Jo Ann tapping her pencil, look around annoyed and literally at a loss for words.
65) 3) dialog: Mama say this new school ain' shit tho. Say you can't learn nuffin' writing in no book. Gotta git on that computer you want to make some money. But Mama wrong about that.
65) 8) text: We close in on Precious writing as we hear her whisper th following.
65) 9) dialog: Listen Baby, Muver love you. Muver not dumb. Listen:
65) 11) text: Precious looks up from her page gazing in an otherworldly One by one, the other girls stop what they're doing and s at Precious curiously. Their eyes turn downward in unison. CLOSE ON Precious' legs. A gush of water pours down between them as if it were a t wave.
66) 1) text: ...The wheels of a speeding gurney waggle to remain strai ...Fluorescent lights stream by overhead. ...Name tags dangle from the chests of attendants pushing gurney. One we see belongs to a handsome African American Male nu JOHN MCFADDEN. He is constantly looking down with a reassuring smile. ...Covered in sweat, Precious screams without our hearing sound.
68) 1) dialog: His name Abdul Jamal Louis Jones. He healthy. His muver love him. John, the nurse who helped gurney Precious in, again star down warmly at her. This time with Abdul in her arms.
69) 0) text: Precious sleeps peacefully. It is still raining outside. Rain crochets in the corner.
70) 0) text: We are close on Precious. Her eyes focus intently and occasionally dart up and down. Nurse John is doing the same thing. His hands lay on top of Precious' with their palms touchi We glimpse both of their searching eyes again. Suddenly, Precious whips her hands over and SLAPS the bac John's before he can pull them away.
70) 1) dialog: I win.
70) 3) dialog: Get to X-Ray.
70) 6) dialog: You gon have to if you don't practice.
70) 12) dialog: Dear Miz Rain, All the years I sit in class I never learn, but now I got baby again by my fahver. Behind the girls, Precious sits up in bed writing in her journal.
70) 13) dialog: I wish I had a boyfriend like other girls and then I'd feel right that I have to quit school. I love my baby but want school too. Precious closes her book. Jo Ann backs away from the othe takes the notebook and then leaves. Rhonda returns Abdul to Precious. The remaining girls emb Precious one at a time and then file out of the room.
73) 0) text: Precious reads from her journal.
73) 6) text: Precious immediately writes back.
73) 7) dialog: Dear Miz Rain...
74) 0) text: Ms. Rain sits on the corner of bed reading Precious' jour
74) 1) dialog: Social worker ask me if I want to give Little Mongo and Abdul up for adoption. I could kill her. She never help before. Now she want to take my kids away? If she take Abdul, I won't have nothing nomore.
75) 0) text: Jo Ann bounds into the room with the journal in her hand, swipes an apple from Precious' tray and takes a bite. Precious snatches the journal and opens it quickly.
75) 3) dialog: Dear Miz Rain, Grandmuver come visit and say only a dog will drop a baby and walk off. Say later not even a dog.
75) 4) text: Precious' grandmother continues her sermon. Precious sigh
76) 1) dialog: Dear Miz Rain, Lot of questions you ask. No muver, no grandmuver and father rape me years. Little Mongo wif my grandmuver. Best for me to stop breaving sometimes I think. I want to be a good mother too tho.
77) 0) text: Precious writes while breast-feeding Abdul.
77) 1) dialog: Dear Miz Rain, I is best able to meet my child's need.
79) 1) dialog: The welfare help Mama, it help me.
80) 0) text: Nurse John and Precious sit quietly. Nurse John hands her envelope. Precious opens the envelope to find a beautiful card. It reads, "God Bless you." There is a $20 bill insi She looks up at him, teary eyed and grateful.
81) 0) text: Precious, now wearing her jacket, packs up her things, ta Abdul and heads out of a spotless room with her child in hand and two bags in the other.
82) 0) text: Precious rides holding Abdul.
83) 0) text: Precious heads into the main entrance holding Abdul and h bags as snowflakes start to fall.
84) 0) text: Ruby plays alone with her broken Barbie doll. Precious pa her without a word. Ruby springs to her feet to trail her
84) 6) text: Ruby can only watch as Precious disappears into the stairwell.
85) 0) text: Precious climbs the stairs growing short of breath holdin Abdul, her bags and her coat folded over one arm. Once on the landing, she searches for her keys while tryi to balance Abdul and everything else. After turning several locks, she pushes into the apartmen
86) 2) dialog: 
86) 4) dialog: 
86) 13) dialog: 
86) 19) dialog: 
86) 28) dialog: 
86) 34) dialog: 
87) 0) text: Precious dashes out of the apartment with tears in her ey dirt on her clothes, no coat and Abdul SCREAMING IN HER A A little OLD WOMAN stands in the hallway shaking her head disgust.
88) 0) text: Precious bursts out of the stairwell with blood streaming down her nose and Abdul in her arms. Ruby dashes to inter them.
89) 0) text: Abdul still in her arms, Precious heads away from the building under dressed. The falling snow has thickened considerably. As she makes her way into the distance, Precious walks in the snowstorm carrying Abdul.
90) 0) text: She hears the sound of a choir. She approaches the Church Basement where the voices are coming from. Precious stares through the window where Choir members ar praising The Lord.
91) 0) text: Mary barrels into Precious' bedroom yelling and screaming she turns the place upside down. She rips down Precious' handprints along with her Cyndi Lauper poster. She then picks up a brush and hurls it int Precious' mirror, shattering it to pieces.
92) 0) text: Precious, with Abdul in her arms, is singing along with t Choir, happier than ever. Tom Cruise joins in clapping, t stray dog that licked Precious in the beginning at his si
93) 0) text: Precious sits on the steps of a hospital. Snow still fall She looks confused.
94) 0) text: Precious steps out of an elevator wet from the snow and s splattered with dirt. She approaches a desk with urgency.
94) 1) dialog: I need to see Nurse John. Where Nurse John at?
94) 11) dialog: You don't know me bitch. Get lost 'fore I kick your ass. The nurse finally starts away.
94) 12) dialog: Bitch? The nurse turns around.
94) 13) dialog: I ain't make no mistake unless it was being born. DING! The elevator doors open. John steps off between Precious and the nurse. Precious starts to rise and John motions for her to stay seated. He sits beside her.
94) 15) dialog: My Mama kick my ass again. I ain' giving Abdul away. And I ain' gonna stop school ...I just...ain't. John looks concerned. Precious speaks with great resolve as if forcing herself believe her words.
94) 20) dialog: I'm gonna get Little Mongo back too. (sighs)
95) 0) text: Precious   is dressed in a hospital gown and draped in a blanket.   It is still snowing. John holds an umbrella ov Precious   and a bag in one hand as he escorts her out on driveway   and into a large gray van. John places the bag in the van, hugs Precious, closes the door and then waves as the van pulls away. Precious turns to watch him recede into the snow through back window.
95) 1) dialog: Nurse John say lots of people get out of hospital wif no place to go. His eyes look worried tho ...Wonder what next? Scared now.
96) 0) text: Precious rides in darkness cradling Abdul. She looks up frightened, taking in the others sitting around her. Shes hold Abdul closer. The dark swallows her whole.
97) 0) text: Bare light bulbs hang from the ceiling. Precious lays on a bed breast feeding Abdul and staring u the ceiling while covered in a blanket. We sail away to find they are surrounded by scores of rudimentary beds, many of which are filled with other wom of varying ages.
97) 6) text: ...Put your bags in bed with you. Put your bags in the bed with you. Put 'em in. Tuck 'em in bed with you... The skinny woman on the other side sits up and grabs hers feverishly as if there were bugs allover her. AN ENORMOUS AND FEROCIOUS-LOOKING WOMAN IN HER FORTIES st up, snatches the blanket off of Precious and Abdul and wa off.
97) 9) dialog: (humming)
97) 12) text: Now   I know my ABC's, tell me what you   think of me. Precious kisses Abdul on the head.
97) 13) dialog: Miz Rain say I was moving through the vowel 'n consonant sounds faster than even Rhonda Johnson was. Maybe could've even catched up to Jermaine. Maybe ...
98) 0) text: Precious sleeps soundly. Something nudges her slightly. When she finally opens her eyes ... Abdul is gone! So is her bag. Precious springs up in a panic turning in every direction
98) 1) dialog: Where my baby?! Where my baby at?! The Bug Lady casually points to the exit. The large ferocious woman heads for the exit with Abdul i one arm and Precious' bag in the other. She looks down at Abdul making "baby" faces and sounds. Precious dashes after her but winces in pain grabbing her pelvic area along the way. The Bug Lady follows Precious as a speed walker might. Precious snatches Abdul and promptly knees the ferocious woman hard in the gut. The ferocious woman MOANS as she falls to the ground. Precious continues kicking and stomping her without aband The bug girl observes stoically. Abdul WAILS. As she trounces the woman, Precious' eyes fill with a rag haven't yet seen. Finally, two other women pull Precious away while she sti kicks at the woman. The ferocious woman, now bloodied, falls over on her back with her eyes closed and her mouth hanging open.
102) 0) text: Ms. Rain steps into her classroom carrying two bags. She removes her sunglasses. The sight before her stops her in her tracks. She drops h bags immediately. It is Precious, sleeping on the floor with Abdul in her a Her hand is cut and bleeding pretty bad. Ms. Rain looks incensed.
103) 0) text: Precious sits rocking Abdul with a bandaged hand. Ms. Rain, still fuming, sits on the other side of the off dialing a phone number from a list on the wall.
103) 1) dialog: I can tell by Miz Rain's face that I ain' gonna be homeless no more. Only I ain' so sure where I'm gon end up tho.
103) 5) dialog: Thas the one time I heard Miz Rain curse.
103) 11) dialog: I feels really sorry for her. She just a ABC teacher, not no social worker. But she all I could think of.
106) 7) text: How Precious?
107) 1) dialog: They have ...something. It's an immediate opening and it's in Queens. Precious looks concerned.
107) 2) dialog: Queens?
107) 4) dialog: (beat)
108) 0) text: Precious exits the girls bathroom carrying Abdul. She spo a new sweat suit. She pauses before entering Each One Teach One Reception A and observes Ms. Rain speaking on the phone for a moment. Suzanne, the school's administrator stands by.
108) 4) dialog: Hi Miss Lisa.
108) 7) dialog: Good. How you been?
108) 9) dialog: Thanks. Ms. Rain still on the phone.
108) 16) text: Precious and Ms. Rain walk back to her classroom.
109) 0) text: Ms. Rain and Precious enter the classroom as the girls wr studiously. Rhonda supervises in a staid manner. Clearly is enjoying her new appointment.
110) 2) text: Ms. Rain hangs up the phone, turns to Precious and exhale
110) 4) text: Precious looks relieved.
110) 6) text: Precious smiles.
111) 0) text: Precious sits at a small kitchen table in a modest but co and craftily-decorated apartment. Fresh flowers adorne he table. She breast feeds Abdul and drinks from a tall glass of gr juice. Ms. Rain clears the table of plates and take-out containers.
111) 4) text: You must be Precious. Hi. Katherine bends down to admire Abdul.
111) 6) dialog: Huh?
111) 8) dialog: ...Oh...
111) 14) dialog: This Abdul.
111) 16) dialog: Thanks. (beat) Y'all really married?
111) 18) text: Precious still looks confused.
112) 0) text: The ladies lounge around the living room. Ms. Rain and Katherine hold glasses of wine. Precious still looks as i she's trying to keep up.
112) 6) dialog: I don't know. Stuff in my life. Abdul.
112) 14) dialog: Mama say homos is bad peoples ...
112) 16) dialog: ...But homos not who rape me, homos not who let me sit up in school 16 years and learn nuffin and homos not sell crack to peoples in Harlem. I wonder what Oprah have to say about that?
112) 17) text: Ms. Rain looks over to Precious.
112) 19) text: Precious nods.
112) 20) dialog: Y' all watch Oprah?
112) 26) dialog: Miz Rain the one who put the chalk in my hand, make me queen of ABC's.
113) 0) text: Ms. Rain and Katherine continue dancing in the window as Precious observes. The evening cityscape sparkles around them.
115) 0) text: Streamers hang from the walls. Various handwritten versio of "Congratulations Precious", obviously written by the girls, stretch across the blackboard in uneven-sized lett Precious stands beside Ms. Rain holding a small trophy an check. The other girls flank them standing very straight. wear big grins.
115) 2) dialog: After I settle in halfway house, I work my hardest to memorize letter sounds, write in journal and read smaller and fatter books. Then I find out Mayor's office give me Literacy Award and check for progress. Everybody at the party, Nurse John, Cornrows and the staff stop in too, but they need to get back to they desks before too long. Whole operation can't stop just cause Miss Precious get a trophy. Even Ms. Katherine shows. John discreetly beckons Precious over to the side as she blows into a noisemaker. Both she and John dance in high spirits.
115) 11) dialog: Thanks Nurse John. They exchange a familiar, moderately complicated handshak
115) 13) dialog: I owe the chicken place for a bucket that I swiped last year. Thas first. After that, get some thangs for Abdul.
115) 15) dialog: Miz Rain?
115) 17) dialog: Like dis.
115) 19) dialog: ...No.
115) 21) dialog: The good word...wif Ms. Rain?
115) 23) dialog: You ain't her type. John looks confused.
116) 0) text: Precious leads John down the hall by the hand. She stops in front of Cornrows' desk as Cornrows converse the phone while picking her nails. The previously illegible sign on her desk now reads "EACH TEACH ONE".
116) 2) text: Hold on girl. Cornrows lowers the phone and waits for Precious to speak
116) 3) dialog: Miss Lisa this Nurse John. Nurse John this Miss Lisa. Cornrows looks up at John. Precious heads back to the party. Nurse John and Cornrows watch her curiously.
116) 4) dialog: Y'all work it out. Nurse John and Cornrows turn to each other.
117) 0) text: The room is empty except for Ms. Rain standing on a chair taking streamers down. Precious appears in the doorway and studies Ms. Rain a mo as if seeing her for the first time. Ms. Rain steps down from her chair looking tired. Precious enters the room.
117) 5) dialog: Miz Rain?
117) 7) dialog: Not yet. I forgot to say thank you for my party.
117) 9) text: Precious just watches her.
117) 11) dialog: I ...No...
117) 13) dialog: Well, I was thinking...
117) 15) dialog: You talk to us girls in the class when we be working out problems and thangs and stuff, right?
117) 16) text: Ms. Rain speaks to Precious while picking up around the r
117) 18) dialog: Well, who do you talk to?
117) 19) text: Caught off guard, Ms. Rain looks at Precious curiously.
117) 20) dialog: (quickly) Or you probably don't have no problems so...
117) 26) dialog: Ms. Rain, some folks just got it made in the shade.
117) 28) dialog: Oh, okay...I didn't have nobody to really speak wif for a long time. I know how that be sometimes so thas why I asked cause almost evrybody need a little help once in a ... Ms. Rain abruptly stops what she's doing. Precious looks alarmed.
117) 30) dialog: (confused)
117) 33) dialog: (scared)
117) 36) dialog: (terrified)
117) 39) dialog: (trembling)
117) 46) dialog: (sitting) Me? I never...
117) 47) text: Precious stops as Ms. Rain looks away as if gathering her thoughts. Finally...
117) 49) dialog: Nuffin?
117) 51) dialog: ...For real?
117) 53) dialog: I jus help you finish up first. I got some time.
117) 59) text: Suit yourself. Ms. Rain motions to the other end of a long folding table Precious takes hold of it and they carry it across the ro together. As we watch from a distance...
117) 60) dialog: Some folks got a light around them that shine for other peoples. I think maybe some of them was in a long tunnel before. And in that tunnel, maybe the only light they had was one that was inside of them and then -even long after they escaped that tunnel, they still be shining for everybody else. Thas Miz Rain to me.
118) 0) text: Precious' trophy sits on the windowsill beneath a thin a layer of dust. A stack of books sit on her bureau. Colorful letters and numbers hang on the wall. Beneath th hang postcards featuring Zora Neal Hurston, Alice Walker, Maya Angelou and Oprah Winfrey. Abdul sleeps in his crib. Precious makes her bed.
118) 1) dialog: In a book I read, a lady escaped to a 1/2 way house. And the lady, she asked the people there just what a 1/2 way house was. They tole her, you is 1/2 way between the life you had and the life you want to have ...Thas nice. That also mean I can't stay here forever and that there is still a ways to go. It be something to get apartment of my own.
119) 0) text: A larger Abdul steps towards us with Precious behind him wearing a cotton dress that looks vaguely like one Ms. Ra might wear.
119) 1) dialog: Abdul nine months old and walking! Smart too. I been reading to him since the day he was born almost. Barely talkin' and he countin' .
120) 0) text: Precious plays with Abdul in the shallow end of the commu swimming pool.
120) 1) dialog: Mama, Daddy, I.S. III and 444 Lenox Avenue already seem like a past life or some old bad dream. I wish I could have started out from here but still wif Abdul and poor Mongo.
121) 0) text: Precious looks out of her open window with a glass of wat in her hand. KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.
121) 1) dialog: Come in... Precious closes her window. The door to her room opens. CHELSEA, A 30-S0METHING SOCIA WORKER steps in looking slightly uncomfortable.
121) 3) dialog: Thas Rhonda. She always early. Precious rises.
121) 8) dialog: I should've said 4 'cause then that way...
121) 10) text: Precious stops.
122) 0) text: Precious descends a staircase to a long corridor clearly in thought every step of the way. She stops momentarily to straighten her clothes. When she finally reaches a day room at the other end of t hall, she looks through its window for a moment. Mary sits inside crushing and dwarfing the couch upon whi she waits. She looks frail. Her wig is half combed. She's nervous. Her sweaty hands crumple her cigarette package. Precious covers her nose a moment, lowers her hand, readi herself and then steps into the room.
123) 0) text: Once inside the room, and for the first time, Precious' s face looks like stone. Mary looks up with a brief but quickly fading smile that pathetic, apologetic and grim. Precious waits. The air is thick without a single word between them. Finally, Mary looks down.
123) 2) text: Precious looks surprised for a moment but still composed. Mary waits for a response.
123) 3) dialog: ...Is that all?
123) 9) text: A previously unseen woman sitting across the room looks u from behind a newspaper. Precious stays stone-faced until she finally GASPS as the aftershock of the revelation hits her squarely. The man across the room collects his hat and coat and lea
123) 12) dialog: ... You got it?
123) 14) dialog: The AIDS virus.
123) 16) dialog: How you know?
123) 18) dialog: No, I don't know Mama.
123) 20) dialog: He never been wif you?
123) 22) text: Precious is speechless. It looks as if some of her anger suddenly been displaced with pity.
123) 27) dialog: You better go to the doctor Ma. Mary looks up delicately.
123) 29) dialog: I'm home here. (beat)
123) 30) text: I better go see 'bout Abdul and do homework. Mary doesn't move as Precious leaves. Mary sits staring at the floor at the far side of the roo
124) 0) text: Precious enters, takes Abdul from his crib, holds him clo and sits on her bed. Moments later, a TAPPING on the window draws her attentio Precious rises to find Tom Cruise hurling pebbles up at h window in a leather jacket. A MOTORCYCLE sits a few feet away from him. He beckons her. She stares down at him with solemn eyes. Tom finally mounts his bike and vanishes into thin air wh revving its engine. Mary then crosses the frame where he was. Precious turns to Abdul and kisses him on the head.
125) 0) text: Precious walks over the crest of a hill deep in thought w her hands in her pockets. The constant HUM of the city se lower than usual as Precious' FOOTSTEPS make the most prominent sound.
127) 0) text: Precious waits in a small gray office. A FEMALE COUNSELOR WITH SYMPATHETIC EYES carrying a file across from her. Her eyes say everything. The counselor places a hand on top of Precious'.
128) 0) text: All the girls write in their journals except for Precious who again looks preoccupied. Ms. Rain watches her.
128) 7) text: The entire class looks up at Precious. Ms. Rain waits for a response.
128) 9) text: Precious waits a moment and then shakes her head without looking up. Ms. Rain goes to her desk and picks up the journal withou resistance. The words "Why me?" sit alone on the page with lines cros through them. Ms. Rain returns the journal to Precious' d still opened to the same page.
128) 11) text: Precious doesn't respond. The class still watches curiously. Ms. Rain, steps back, sits on the edge of her desk and fo her arms.
128) 13) dialog: Nurse say I am H.I.V. positive.
128) 14) text: The air changes sharply. Everything stops. Precious exhales.
128) 15) dialog: I don't have nuffin to write today and I don't hate no one. Not even my muhver. My head is all dark inside so I don't have nuffin to write today...Maybe nuffin never.
128) 16) text: Rita rises, walks to Precious and embraces her. Tears wel Precious' eyes.
128) 22) dialog: Yeah. He good...Won't bress feed him no more to be safe.
128) 25) text: write. Precious' eyes well up some more. She wipes her face again.
128) 26) dialog: What for? How?! I feel like I am drowning inside a giant river Miz Rain. Thas what... Precious stops herself abruptly as if being overwhelmed b sense of futility.
128) 28) dialog: 
128) 40) dialog: (exasperated)
128) 43) dialog: Nobody love me. Thas a lie.
128) 45) dialog: Please don't lie Miz Rain! Love?! Me?! Love rape me, beat me, call me animal, get me sick and make me feel wurfless. I had enough love.
128) 48) dialog: (reluctantly)
128) 57) text: It's up to you. Precious thinks a long moment, wipes her face and exhales She doesn't move for what seems like ages. The whole class watches her until Ms. Rain motions for th to continue working. Finally, Precious takes hold of her opens her journal, sighs deeply and starts to write again
129) 0) text: Our young ladies and Ms. Rain are seated around a picnic table eating, laughing, talking and writing in their jour all at the same time. Precious has found friends. As we watch Rhonda ...
129) 1) dialog: Some things is hard to say and maybe not your business no way but Rhonda's brother rape her for years and when her muhver fine out, she throw Rhonda out her house. As we watch Rita smiling...
129) 6) dialog: Rita's daddy kill her muhver in front of her eyes and Rita been out on the street selling herself since she 12.
129) 8) dialog: Jermaine say mens beat her and then rape her for what she is. Muhver throw her out the house when she fine out that she different from other girls.
129) 10) dialog: Miz Rain still a sort of mystery, but a nice one like the sun.
129) 12) dialog: Miz Rain right too. These girls is my family now. They visit me at hospital when I had Abdul and even take up a collection when Mama kick me out. They got love in they eyes and in they hearts for me, same as I got for them.
130) 0) text: Ms. Weiss speaks from behind her desk as Precious sits on couch beside her backpack looking bored.
130) 2) dialog: I do.
130) 4) text: Precious nods mechanically.
130) 9) dialog: Tired of this lady asking me questions. Miz Rain say talk anyway but Miz Weiss just a spy for the State who write reports on me undercover. Reports go in file. File say what I could get, where I could go and if I could get cut off and kicked out of Advancement House.
130) 11) dialog: Nothing.
130) 13) dialog: I don't know. It's sort of hot in here I guess.
130) 15) dialog: A soda sounds nice ...please.
130) 17) dialog: I don't care.
130) 19) dialog: Orange.
130) 21) text: Ms. Weiss collects some change, grins at Precious and the steps out of the room leaving her purse open on the desk.
131) 4) dialog: Thank you.
131) 6) dialog: Really?
131) 12) dialog: I don't know. I never really thought about it before.
131) 14) text: Ms. Weiss smiles at Precious. Precious smiles back.
132) 0) text: Jermaine rocks Abdul's crib with one hand while looking a the file with Precious as both girls sit cross-legged on Precious' bed. Precious reads carefully.
132) 1) dialog: 'I have just finished a session with Claireece Precious Jones, an eighteen-year-old African American female. According to her teachers at Each One Teach One where she attends school she is a pen-, phen-
132) 3) dialog: ...success. Having made strides so tre-men-tremendous in the past year, she was given the mayor's award for outstanding achievement. She seems actively en...engaged in all aspects of the learning process. However, her TABE test scores are disappointingly low... ' Not to Miz Rain! Not to Miz Rain! (continuing) 'She scored 2.8 On her last test.' So what! Miz Rain-
132) 9) text: Precious continues.
132) 10) dialog: 'She will need at least an 8.0 Before she can enter G.E.D. Class and begin work toward her high school e-q...equivalency.'
132) 13) dialog: Thanks. (beat) 'Abdul is the client's second-born child. He's from all outwhere...
132) 15) dialog: 'Appearances, a healthy and welladjusted toddler. Precious attends to his needs a-s-s-i-d-u-o-s-l-y...
132) 16) text: Precious and Jermaine look at each other. Both are at a loss... PRECIOUS &amp; JERMAINE Whatever.
132) 17) dialog: ... 'and with great affection and ee... '
132) 19) dialog: ... 'seeks any and all information on child rearing. The time and resources it would require for this young woman to get a G.E.D. or into college would be considerable'...
132) 20) text: Precious stops reading abruptly and hands the file to Jermaine. Jermaine looks at Precious oddly.
132) 25) dialog: Finish reading this ...I know what's coming. Jermaine pauses and then continues reading the file as Precious rises and paces the room.
132) 27) dialog: I don't want to be no motherfucking home attendant! I wanna be...
132) 29) dialog: She say she not put that in my file! Bitch!
132) 31) text: 'The client seems to view the social services, AFDC, as taking care of her forever.' Jermaine sets the file down and looks up at Precious.
132) 32) dialog: (beat)
132) 38) dialog: I'm getting my G.E.D., a job, and a place for me and Abdul, then I go to college. I don't want to 'home attend' nobody!
133) 0) text: Precious hurries into a room carrying Abdul. The sign on door says "DAYCARE". Precious dashes out of the room alone.
133) 3) dialog: Miz Weiss just part of the gang but definitely not cool. And social worker look at me like I am ugly freak who did something to make my own life like it is. I guess I am trying to figure out just what has happened to me while Miz Weiss just hell bent on making me go wipe old people's asses. Precious crosses the street.
133) 4) dialog: Got to sort dis out quick tho 'fore Abdul's next birthday -coming up fast.
134) 6) text: The only hand up belongs to Precious'.
134) 8) dialog: I don't really want to read all I wrote, I jus' wanna kinda say what it is I'm writing about and how it came about.
134) 10) dialog: Well, to make a long story short, the counselor at Advancement House quizzing me about Mama and Daddy etc., etc. But it's really about workfare. She want to send me out as home attendant.
134) 12) dialog: Cause I stole my file from Advancement House and read it.
134) 15) dialog: All this 'What you wanna be?' And 'You can talk to me.' They ain' no motherfucking therapists on our side, they just flunkies for the 'fare. I wanna work, but not for no motherfucking welfare check in Central Park -displacing brothers and sisters who really got jobs cleaning up 'cause I'm there working for free.
134) 24) dialog: Miz Rain, If I didn't steal that file I wouldn't know what I was facing!
134) 26) dialog: Yeah...basically.
134) 29) dialog: The people had her there all day and night - 'on call' they call it. But you only get pay for 8 hours so that's 8 X $6.37 (referring to her notebook)
134) 37) dialog: Home attendants usually work six days a week. I would only see Abdul on Sundays? When would I go to school? (beat)
134) 40) dialog: (beat)
134) 43) dialog: That's what I mean.
134) 45) dialog: What's the big deal?
134) 52) dialog: No. I never really had nothing tested...nothing like that. Glasses is what I really want so my eyes don't hurt when I be reading at night. The sound of a RUMBLING BUS ENGINE accelerating leads us to...
135) 0) text: Rita looks out the window of a moving 102 bus and then st across the aisle and sits beside Precious who stares out window pensively.
135) 1) dialog: Rita and me on our way. I look at subway map sometimes and wonder where I be if I go to the end of the line. Jermaine say there be a white boy wif a baseball bat when you get off. Rita say it's not true, or if it be true, it's only part true. The bus comes to a stop and the girls dash out the back d
136) 0) text: Precious and Rita climb up out of the subway.
137) 0) text: Precious and Rita walk with Precious looking around as Ri hums quietly.
138) 7) text: Precious looks utterly amazed. Her jaw drops. From here, women's voices are so faint that they are barely audible we hear Precious' thoughts.
138) 11) dialog: I was raped by my father and beat by my mother ever since I could remember anything at all. Raped and beat by both.
138) 16) text: Never said alla that before... Precious looks around the room to find herself surrounded understanding eyes.
138) 17) dialog: Anyway, thas all I'd like to say for today. Thank y'all for letting me share... Irene nods and Precious sits. Rita squeezes her hand. Ano woman stands up to recount her story. Precious looks aglo
138) 18) dialog: Everything is floating around me now. Like geeses from the lake. I see flying. Feel flying. Am flying. Far up...Thank you Rita for getting me here on time.
139) 0) text: The group slowly emerges. A table with a nice arrangement cookies stands next to a coffee maker and soda machine. Irene chats with Candace over a cup of coffee. Precious a Rita talk with TWO OTHER YOUNG WOMEN, MIRIAM, BLACK 20's PRETTY DREADLOCKS and LISA, WHITE 20's.
139) 1) dialog: ...How you get your hair like that?
139) 3) dialog: Thank you Miriam.
139) 9) text: Precious smiles and shakes her head no. Rita gets up. Precious watches her go as Miriam and Lisa chat.
139) 10) dialog: Rita ask me do I want another hot chocolate. I do but I don't want to be greedy, even if her boyfriend do give her money.
139) 11) text: Precious looks around at all of the other girls.
139) 12) dialog: I'm alive inside. A bird is my heart. Mama and Daddy didn't win. I'm winning. I'm drinking hot chocolate on the Upper West Side with girls - all kind who love me. How does a stranger meet me and love me?
139) 13) text: Rita returns with two cups of hot chocolate.       She gi to Precious. Precious thanks Rita with her eyes.
140) 0) text: Precious, wearing her new scarf and glasses, sits in the waiting room holding a book in her hands. Abdul plays amo the little children in the kids area behind her. Crumpled wrapping paper lays beside her. The book's first page rea CONGRATULATIONS PRECIOUS! I'M SO PROUD OF YOU YET AGAIN.
140) 11) text: Sheila heads up the stairs toward the offices. Precious closes her book. Its cover reads: Chrystal Stair: Selecte Works by Langston Hughes.
140) 14) text: Precious stands up and looks down at Ruby, sulking in her chair. She leans down, gives her a big hug and tenderly fixes Ruby's hair. Precious walks off toward the stairs, but stops when she passes a mirror hanging on the wall. Within the reflectio she sees her true self for the first time.
140) 20) dialog: One day Miz Rain ask us to write about our ideal self...I wrote that I would be light skinned and small wif wavy swing-job hair. She heads up the stairs toward the offices.
140) 21) dialog: (beat)
142) 11) text: Precious waits nervously.
142) 13) text: Precious looks at a loss.
142) 15) dialog: I was born in November...far as I know.
142) 17) text: Precious looks embarrassed beyond embarrassment.
143) 0) text: Precious nods reluctantly.
143) 2) dialog: That's enough Mama. That's ... enough. (beat)
143) 5) dialog: ...but I'll never see you again. Not even if you dead. Mary's expression drops. Precious turns to Ms. Weiss as M starts to spring up from her seat.
143) 6) dialog: (without looking at her)
143) 7) text: Stay down Mama. Mary sits obediently. Precious turns to Ms. Weiss.
143) 8) dialog: I forgive you too. I can tell right now that you ain't qualified for dis kind of mess. Precious thinks a moment and grins a grin that seems much older.
143) 10) dialog: I took the TABE test again. This time it's 7.8. Last time it was 2.8.
143) 16) text: Precious stands abruptly, startling both women. She takes step towards her mother. Mary winces. Ms. Weiss looks concerned.
143) 18) text: Precious leans and kisses Mary tenderly on the cheek, tur and gently touches Ms. Weiss' shoulder. Precious takes a good look at them both, smiles and leave the room.
144) 0) text: Ms. Weiss calls after her. Precious keeps walking.
144) 2) text: Precious doesn't stop.
145) 0) text: The women run to the window. They see Precious burst out onto the street.
146) 0) text: Precious walks down the crowded street carrying Mongo and Andre. She is happy and filled with hope. Tom Cruise is t chatting up another young girl... she pays him no mind.