9) 6) dialog: Where's at baby? Where's he at? From behind, Glen gives her an energetic THWOK on the ass
9) 8) dialog: Cut it out, Glen! He reels under the blow.
9) 10) text: He's asleep right now. Dot shrieks again, but this time muffles it with her own  hand. She tiptoes into the trailer, hand to her mouth. Glen, rubbing his cheek, seems angry at himself.
9) 12) dialog: Can I just sneak a peek-a-loo? Glen at the top of the stoop, turns out to the yard.
9) 17) dialog: What's his name?
9) 19) dialog: Whyncha call him Jason? I love  Biblical names. If I had another  little boy I'd name him Jason or  Caleb or- Oh! She puts her hand to her forehead, reacting to the baby a if she is about to faint.
9) 20) dialog: ...He's an angel! She hides her face in her hands and looks away as if blin then sneaks a look around her hands.
9) 21) dialog: ...He's an angel straight from heaven!  Now honey I had all my kids the hard  way so you gotta tell me where you  got this angel. Did he fly straight  down from heaven?
9) 23) dialog: You gonna send him to Arizona State?
9) 52) text: Yeah, it's a good one... Course I  don't really need another kid, but  Dottie says these-here are gettin'  too big to cuddle. Say, that reminds  me! The sound of shattering glass. Glen looks around.
10) 0) text: Dot faces Hi and Ed across a picnic table covered with gr hamburgers, rolls, green jello mold, cooler, etc. One of the younger children sits in the middle of the tab occasionally taking a fistful of jello and flinging it at Hi. The two women don't seem to notice.
10) 1) dialog: ...and then there's diphtheria- tetanus, what they call dip-tet. You  gotta get him dip-tet boosters yearly  or else he'll get lockjaw and night  vision. Then there's the smallpox  vaccine, chicken pox and measles,  and if your kid's like ours you gotta  take all those shots first to get  him to take 'em. Who's your  pediatrician, anyway?
10) 4) dialog: Well you just gotta have one! You  just gotta have one this instant!
10) 6) dialog: Hi, even if he don't get sick he's  gotta have his dip-tet!
10) 9) dialog: You started his bank accounts?
10) 11) dialog: That-there's for his orthodonture  and his college. You soak his thumb  in iodine you might get by without  the orthodonture, but it won't knock  any off the college. Hi sits stoically. Dot is looking offscreen:
10) 12) dialog: ...Reilly, take that diaper off your  head and put it back on your  sister!... Anyway, you probably got  the life insurance all squared away.
10) 14) dialog: You gotta do that, Hi! Ed here's got  her hands full with that little angel!
10) 17) dialog: What would Ed and the angel do if a  truck came along and splattered your  brains all over the interstate? Where  would you be then?
10) 19) dialog: Or you got carried off by a twister?