0) 5) dialog: Turn to the right! Hi obliges but shoots sympathetic glances at Ed who is  obviously upset, wiping away tears and snuffling behind t camera.
0) 7) dialog: My fai-ants left me.
0) 14) dialog: Looking up through her tears as Hi is led away.
0) 18) text: As Hi is once again escorted toward his cell. The Mopping Con is now in the middle-background, having w his way about halfway up the corridor since last time we him.
0) 28) text: Looking down from the ceiling. In the foreground, lying o the top bunk, hands clasped behind his head as he stares into space is MOSES. Moses is a gnarled, elderly black co with wire-rimmed spectacles. On the lower bunk, also with hands clasped behind his head and staring off at the same spot in space, is Hi.
0) 44) text: Of a 7-Eleven parking lot, at night, deserted except for  Hi's car which sits untended, its engine rumbling.
0) 50) dialog: Turn to the right!
0) 55) dialog: No, Hi, I sure don't. Hi slips a ring off his own finger and slides it onto Ed'
0) 57) text: The surly Mopping Con has now worked his way up to the  foreground. Hi is being escorted past him to his cell.
0) 67) text: The underside of the top bunk. A sudden flash whitens and fades to leave the image of Ed smiling behind her camera, softly supered on the undersid of the bunk.
0) 82) text: Over Hi's shoulder as he strides toward a door marked  "Processing" and flings it open. It is the familiar booking room. Ed looks up from her cam having just snapped a picture of another suspect against hatched wall.
0) 89) dialog: I do.
1) 0) text: Hi is working the drill press, wearing goggles and sweat- stained overalls.
2) 0) text: Hi sits in a lawn chair in front of the trailer. Ed sits his lap, his arms around her. Both are wearing sunglasses looking at the setting sun. The scene is suffused with a  warm yellow light.
2) 5) dialog: That was beautiful.
4) 0) text: Ed sits in a lawn chair knitting a booty. Hi stands in Be shorts and an unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt, hosing down the  minuscule patch of front lawn.
5) 0) text: On Ed as she stares vacantly out the passenger window.
5) 24) text: So come on down to Unpainted Arizona  for the finest selection in fixtures  and appointments for your bathroom,  bedroom, beaudoir!
6) 0) text: We are floating in toward Ed who is seated, waiting, in t driver's seat of Hi's Chevy. Hi enters frame and cinches  down a ladder that is tied to the roof of the car. Pieces red flag flutter at either end of the ladder where it sti out beyond the car.
6) 6) text: Eight hundred leaf tables and no  chairs?! You can't sell leaf tables  and no chairs! Chairs, you got a  dinette set! No chairs, you got dick!  I ask my wife she got more sense!...
6) 20) text: The hindquarters of a diapered baby are just disappearing around the corner of the nursery door into the hallway.
6) 29) text: All of the babies have been replaced in the crib but not  lying down: They are seated in a row, staring back at her lined up against the far crib railing, like a small but  distinguished panel on "Meet the Press."
6) 31) dialog: Barely able to fight down her anger. Hissing:
6) 32) dialog: What's the matter?! Hi appears at her - the driver's-window.
6) 34) dialog: What d'you mean it didn't work out?!
6) 37) dialog: Course they cried! Babies cry!
6) 39) dialog: You go right back up there and get  me a toddler! I need a baby, Hi;  they got more'n they can handle! Muffled, through the closed window, and very forlorn:
6) 41) dialog: Don't you come back here without a  baby!
6) 57) dialog: Which one ya get? As he gets into the driver's seat:
6) 59) dialog: Gimme here. He hands her the infant, then hands her the copy of Dr.Sp Baby and Child Care.
6) 61) dialog: Oh, he's beautiful! Hi nods as he pulls away from the curb.
6) 63) dialog: I bet they were all beautiful. All  babies are beautiful!
6) 65) dialog: Don't you cuss around him.
6) 67) dialog: We are doin' the right thing, aren't  we Hi? - I mean, they had more'n  they could handle.
6) 69) dialog: But you don't think his momma'll be  upset? I mean overly?
6) 71) dialog: I love him so much!
6) 73) dialog: (still sobbing)
6) 79) dialog: Don't be so loud around him, Hi.
6) 82) dialog: And don't you cuss around him.
6) 84) dialog: Well see that he don't.
6) 89) dialog: He's tired, Hi.
6) 94) dialog: He's a good boy.
6) 96) dialog: Don't you think we should put him to  bed?
6) 99) dialog: Just one, okay?... She sits down on the couch with Nathan Jr. as Hi starts  screwing the camera into a tripod.
6) 100) dialog: ...I gotta tell ya, I'm a little  scared. Absently, as he sets up the camera:
6) 102) dialog: Well we got a baby, Hi. It's an awful  big responsibility. As he peers through the lens:
6) 104) dialog: I mean we never done this before and  I'm kinda nervous.
6) 106) dialog: I love you, Hi.
6) 108) dialog: You're gonna help, aren't ya? Through his teeth as he continues to grin at the offscree camera:
6) 110) dialog: Give Nathan Jr. a normal family  background, just quiet evenings at  home together... We begin to hear distant thunder.
6) 112) dialog: ...Everything decent'n normal from  here on out.
7) 0) text: At the cut the ear-splitting thunder drops out to quiet. hear only the muffled patter of rain and the hum of a bar fluorescent. The two bedraggled escaped cons are standing side by side combing their hair in the mirror. The men seem absorbed i their task, using hair jelly from a jar that sits on the  shelf between them to restore their duck's-ass haircuts. Evelle cracks the bathroom door and looks out into the ra
8) 7) dialog: Hi! What's goin' on?
8) 10) dialog: They ain't gonna take Nathan?!
8) 20) dialog: Kind of late for visitors, isn't it  Hi?
8) 24) dialog: It's a little boy.
8) 27) dialog: We call him Junior.
8) 31) dialog: Phoenix.
8) 33) dialog: They're separated.
8) 35) dialog: No, I'm afraid not.
8) 38) text: Well we thought Junior should see  their final resting place - Whyn't  you boys have a seat? As the two men move toward the couch Ed hesitantly pipes
8) 39) dialog: Hi, it's two in the morning... She wrinkles her nose.
8) 40) dialog: ...What's that smell? Apologetically:
8) 42) dialog: You mean you busted out of jail!!
8) 48) dialog: Now listen, you folks can't stay  here! Gale, Evelle, and Hi look up at Ed, dumbstruck. After a b
8) 50) dialog: You just can't stay! I appreciate  your bein' friends of Hi and all,  but this is a decent family now... She looks at Hi.
8) 51) dialog: ...I mean we got a toddler here! Gale leans in close to Hi, a look of sincere concern on h face, and says under his breath:
8) 55) dialog: Don't you honey me. Now you boys can  set a while and catch up, and then  you'll be on your way. There is an awkward silence as she leaves and slams the  bedroom door. Gale is carefully studying his thumbnail; Evelle stares  fixedly at the ceiling. Still looking at his thumb:
8) 58) dialog: They still here? Hi is momentarily startled, then goes on playing with the baby.
8) 60) dialog: They're fugitives, Hi... Hi turns to face her.
8) 61) dialog: ...How're we gonna start a new life  with them around?
8) 63) dialog: Promise just a day or two.
8) 65) text: Looking straight down at Hi, asleep in bed. It is later:  filtering softly in from the other room is the end of the "Star Spangled Banner" on TV. We are craning down.
8) 102) dialog: He's all right. He was just havin' a  nightmare. Hi is getting out of bed.
8) 127) text: We just need to distinguish your  prints from the perpetrators', if  they left any. Giving his hand back:
8) 174) text: Ed is sitting in the living room, bottle-feeding Nathan J She is surrounded by the rumpled sheets and blankets used the house guests. She does not respond to the ice-breaker Gale puts his spoon down and picks up a cigarette which h been smoking in the ashtray next to him. There is a bead milk dribbling down his chin. He takes a contemplative puff, studying Ed.
8) 176) dialog: Mind your own bidnis. Through a mouthful of cornflakes:
8) 181) dialog: ...Hi. Hi holds the cornflakes box arrested in mid-air. He looks Ed, who is motioning to gale and Evelle with her eyes.
8) 183) dialog: We're havin' some decent friends  over. Gale and Evelle are looking dumbly from Ed to Hi.
8) 190) dialog: Looking pleadingly at Hi.
8) 195) text: It is the bathroom where we earlier saw Gale and Evelle  combing their hair, now empty. We are looking toward the door. The bathroom is quiet exc for the dripping sink, and the faint rumble of an approac motorcycle. It grows louder, then begins to recede as the bike shoots by the station. Suddenly we hear the screech of the bike's brakes.
9) 9) dialog: (quietly)
9) 18) dialog: Uh... Hi Jr. Till we think of a better  one.
9) 22) dialog: Well-
9) 52) text: Yeah, it's a good one... Course I  don't really need another kid, but  Dottie says these-here are gettin'  too big to cuddle. Say, that reminds  me! The sound of shattering glass. Glen looks around.
10) 0) text: Dot faces Hi and Ed across a picnic table covered with gr hamburgers, rolls, green jello mold, cooler, etc. One of the younger children sits in the middle of the tab occasionally taking a fistful of jello and flinging it at Hi. The two women don't seem to notice.
10) 2) dialog: We ain't exactly fixed on one yet.  Have we Hi? Hi sits stock-still with a stony face.
10) 3) dialog: ...No, I guess we don't have one  yet. Dot shrieks.
10) 5) dialog: Yeah, what if the baby gets sick,  honey?
10) 7) dialog: He's gotta have his dip-tet, honey. Hi shrugs, then flinches as a piece of jello hits his  shoulder.
10) 10) dialog: Have we done that honey? We gotta do  that honey. What's that for, Dot?
10) 13) dialog: You done that yet honey?
10) 18) dialog: Yeah honey, what if you get run over?
10) 59) dialog: We finally go out with some decent  people and you break his nose. That  ain't too funny, Hi.
10) 61) text: His kids seemed to think it was funny.
10) 62) dialog: Well they're just kids, you're a  grown man with responsibilities.  Whatever possessed you?
10) 64) dialog: How'd he do that?
10) 66) dialog: But Hi, he's your foreman, he's just  gonna fire you now.
10) 68) dialog: And where does that leave me and  Nathan Jr.?
10) 70) dialog: That ain't no answer.
11) 2) text: A pimply-faced lad with a paper 7-Eleven cap on his head. is looking up from a dirty magazine, reacting in horror t something approaching.
11) 3) text: Hi is approaching the check-out island with a gun in one  hand, the carton of Huggies tucked under the other. The L stocking is pulled over his head to distort his features.
12) 0) text: Ed is reading to Nathan Jr. from a large picture book.
12) 1) dialog: "Not by the hair of my chinny-chin- chin." Then I'll huff and I'll  puff...' She pauses for a moment, listening. We can barely hear a  distant siren. She resumes absently, but her voice trails off.
12) 2) dialog: "...and I'll blow your house in..." We can definitely hear the WHOO-WHOO of the siren now, an it is definitely approaching. Ed hooks an arm around the  seat and looks behind the car, then looks forward.
12) 5) dialog: That son-of-a-bitch. She unstraps herself and gets out of the car.
13) 0) text: Two-shot of Hi and the CASHIER, who is stuffing bills int grocery bag. Beyond them we can see Ed, outside, circling the front of the car. Her shout is muffled through the glass:
13) 1) dialog: You son-of-a-bitch! With this Hi notices her. He turns to the Cashier.
13) 4) dialog: That son-of-a-bitch. Hang on, pumpkin. The car squeals out of the lot.
13) 8) text: Through the glass we see the pimply young Cashier with th paper 7-Eleven cap pop up from behind the counter to sigh down his huge .44 Magnum for another shot. The gun is so he uses both hands to heft it. SMACK-CRACK - the bullet kisses another hole in the glass Hi is off and running. The squad car is screeching into the lot. An officer tumb out of the passenger side before the car is fully stopped He rolls on the pavement, then hurriedly rights himself a takes up a half-kneeling shooting stance. At the same time the little Cashier is emerging from the Eleven with his gun. The two bang away at Hi's retreating figure - the Policem revolver popping, the Cashier's Magnum booming. We hear the Policeman who is still in the car drawling ov its loudspeaker:
13) 12) dialog: That son of a bitch... Hold on,  Nathan. We're gonna go pick up Daddy. She hangs a vicious U-turn.
13) 16) text: The dog's racing POV as it bounds toward the paralyzed Hi The dog leaps - camera flying up toward Hi's face - and:
13) 17) text: The dog's slavering muzzle flies into frame and - stops,  bare inches from Hi's nose, and the dog falls back, havin reached the end of his chain. Hi resumes running.
13) 19) text: Down along the chain toward the spike mooring it to the  ground. As the dog strains, the spike starts to stir in t ground. Other dogs can be heard barking now, the Doberman having  started a sympathetic wave.
13) 21) dialog: That son of a bitch... The police car approaches and roars by, the Passenger Cop still hanging out his window.
13) 22) dialog: ...Lookie Nathan, a police car... She is looking in her rearview mirror.
13) 23) dialog: ...Say, that looks like Bill Steensma.
14) 5) text: Ed's car is braking and spinning into a U-turn.
14) 8) text: The pimply-faced Cashier from the 7-Eleven is standing in the middle of the road ahead, sighting down his .44 Magnu for another shot. We are rushing in.
14) 13) dialog: Hold on Nathan, we'll take a shortcut. She gives the wheel a hard right turn. But there is no cross street. The car hops the curb and r up someone's nicely tended front yard, heading for the ga between this house and the one next door.
14) 20) text: Stepped on hard. The brakes scream.
15) 0) text: As the car squeals to a halt Hi is catapulted through whe the windshield used to be, tumbling over the hood onto th front lawn. He rolls to his feet and, as he runs up the lawn, calls b over his shoulder:
16) 0) text: As Hi bursts in. Tracking on him as he runs down the broa front aisle, head whipping as he runs, looking up each  perpendicular lane, searching for something. He turns up one of the last lanes, races along it and gra a carton of Huggies, still on the flat run. He emerges into the broad back aisle and runs along it, b at the first perpendicular lane he hits, we see Officer  Steensma, gun leveled, at the other end. He fires. Hi keeps running. The Policeman is running along the front aisle, keeping p with Hi running along the back aisle. He squeezes off sho at Hi as each lane gives him the opportunity. Hi abruptly stops between lanes and doubles back, losing Policeman. He runs down the second lane he comes to towar the front of the store. The pack of dogs appears at the end of the lane and thund up toward Hi, braying at the top of their doggy lungs. Th lead Doberman holds in his teeth a paper 7-Eleven cap. Hi reverses again, and emerges into the back aisle. BANG! A pyramid of cranberry juice explodes at his should The Policeman has been waiting at the end of the back ais he aims once again. Hi plunges down the next lane but is brought up short as BOOM! five jars of applesauce explode in front of him. Hi looks. Standing in the raised platform-cubicle at the front of t store is the Store Manager, a fat man in a white short-sl shirt with a lit cigarette dangling from his mouth. The Manager cracks open his shotgun and inserts two more  cartridges - THOONK THOONK - in the smoking chamber. Hi doubles back once again toward the back aisle. He is still several paces from the end of the lane when t Policeman appears there, squaring to face him. The Policeman is in front of him. The MANAGER is blowing groceries on the shelves behind him.
17) 0) text: As Hi emerges through the back door. Ed is just skidding  around the corner. Hi scrambles in the passenger side.
18) 2) dialog: You son-of-a-bitch! You're actin'  like a mad dog! Rubbing his jaw:
18) 4) dialog: What if me'n the baby'd been picked  up? Nathan Jr. would a been accessory  to armed robbery!
18) 6) dialog: What kind of home life is this for a  toddler?! You're supposed to be an  example!
18) 8) dialog: We got a child now, everything's  changed!
18) 10) dialog: I know, but honey -
18) 12) dialog: I'm not gonna live this way, Hi. It  just ain't family life! Hi's attention is still on the road. He is opening his do even though the car is still racing along. He absently  concedes:
18) 14) text: In the extreme foreground sits the first carton of Huggie that Hi dropped in the middle of the road. The car is  approaching. As the car passes the carton, Hi's hand reaches from the  passenger door and snags it.
18) 17) dialog: You two are leaving.
18) 19) dialog: Tomorrow morning. Now I got nothing  against you personally... Gale and Evelle look appealingly toward Hi, who shifts  uncomfortably behind Ed.
18) 20) dialog: ...but you're wanted by the  authorities and you're a bad influence  in this household, in my opinion.
18) 23) dialog: I'm goin' in to town tomorrow to see  about some shots for the baby. When  I come back you better be gone or  I'll kick you out myself. She storms into the bedroom and slams the door. There is an awkward silence as Gale studies his thumb and Evelle stares at the ceiling. Finally Evelle turns to Hi.
19) 0) text: Creeping in. Late at night. We are tracking in toward the one window that is illuminated, with a feeble yellow ligh In voice-over, Hi is composing a letter.
20) 0) text: Creeping in on Hi 's hunched back, as he sits over the ki table writing the letter. The yellow lamp sitting on the  table is the only light on in the trailer.
21) 0) text: Creeping in on the pimply-faced Cashier, sitting asleep b the counter, a dirty magazine lying face-down, open on hi chest.
21) 19) text: It reads: "Come On In! To Unpainted Arizona." The smoking butt of a cheroot is dropped onto the mat. A  jackbooted foot grinds it out.
21) 20) text: Leading into the showroom. The Biker's mail-and-chained f pushes the door open.
21) 21) text: Behind the jackboots as they stroll through a showroom of unpainted furniture and bathroom fixtures.
21) 32) text: The Biker sits with his back to us, jackboots propped laz on the desk. His head bobs and ducks, as if he is following some movem in the air in front of him.
21) 36) text: Arcing around to reveal the Biker's face. He still does n react to Nathan, not even bothering to give him a glance. His eyes continue to follow some phantom movement. When the Biker speaks it is still without looking at Nath and with a surprisingly soft voice and mild, unhurried ma
21) 51) text: His index finger and thumb are pinched together-holding t leg of a struggling fly that he has just plucked from the air.
22) 0) text: It is Glen. He backs nervously down to the foot of the st as Hi stands in the half open doorway. Glen comes to rest few feet away from the stoop. He is wearing a neckbrace. The bridge of his eyeglasses i taped together. Cotton wadding is stuffed up his nose, wh is darkly discolored. He holds a rolled up newspaper. His station wagon is parked behind him, idling.
23) 0) text: Evelle is already emerging from the bedroom with the baby his arms. Hi moves toward Evelle. His teeth are set; he means busin
23) 11) text: Moving down the road toward an oncoming car. As the oncom car gets closer we can see Gale and Evelle in its front s As the car passes we pan with it, to reveal that we have  been shooting from the inside of another car, and we hold the profile of its driver: Ed. She has just watched the o car shoot past.
23) 12) dialog: ...Good.
24) 0) text: As Ed sits heavily into frame, apparently in shock, her f profile to the camera as she stares straight ahead into s Her foreground hand absently holds a length of cord. Beyond her in the middle background Hi is rummaging in th debris. He stands up, cropped from the chest down and sta loading bullets into the chamber of Ed's .38 police speci
24) 2) text: I know you're worried honey but  believe me, there ain't a thing to  worry about. We're gonna get him  back, there just ain't no question  about that... He snaps the chamber shut and leaves frame, still talking
25) 0) text: CLICK. The front door handle clicks open and Smalls stand in the doorway. The abandoned trailer is perfectly quiet. The room is a complete shambles from the fight. Sunlight  filters in between the slats of the venetian blinds. Smok from Lenny Smalls' cheroot ripples up through the light. After only a momentary pause at the door to take in the s Smalls goes directly to a specific spot in the debris and nudges some of it aside with his toe, exposing a piece of paper. He bends down to pick it up but suddenly freezes, with a  soft grunt of surprise.
26) 2) text: Evelle and the Cashier, a late-middle-aged man (perhaps t proprietor of this small mom-and-pop store) face each oth across the check-out counter. Evelle has various baby  purchases - the diapers, baby food, etc. - piled on the  counter. The Cashier is ringing them up. Through the open door beyond them we can see a strip of t parking lot.
27) 0) text: As Evelle hurriedly emerges with the two bags. Faintly we can hear the Cashier bellowing: "One one thousand, two on thousand..."
27) 20) text: Evelle is screaming at the top of his lungs as the car ro to a stop. He peers through the windshield, still screami but nothing has shot off the roof of the car. He cranes his neck to look up the slant of the windshield toward the roof. This of course gives him no view; still  screaming, he thrusts his body out his open window to loo up at the roof. His scream is muted as his head disappear from view, then comes back full force as he ducks back in frantically shaking his head. With this Gale's last hope disappears and he starts bello also.
28) 0) text: As it hangs a squealing U-turn and races off at top speed
29) 9) dialog: I don't wanna feel better.
29) 11) dialog: I don't care about myself anymore. I  don't care about us anymore. I just  want Nathan Junior back safe.
29) 13) dialog: If we don't get him back safe, I  don't wanna go on livin'. And even  if we do, I don't wanna go on livin'  with you. This shuts Hi up. After a moment:
29) 14) dialog: ...I guess I still love you Hi; I  know I do. I ain't even blaming you.  The whole thing was crazy and the  whole thing was my idea. Hi clears his throat.
29) 16) dialog: Lemme finish. Since those jailbirds  took little Nathan I been doin' some  thinking, and I ain't too proud of  myself. Even if Mrs. Arizona had  more'n she could handle, I was a  police officer sworn to uphold the  Constitution of the United States -
29) 18) dialog: That ain't the point, Hi. We don't  deserve Nathan Jr. Any more'n those  jailbirds do. And if I'm as selfish  and irresponsible as you-
29) 20) dialog: If I'm as bad as you, what good're  we to each other. You'n me's just a  fool's paradise.
31) 0) text: The camera is locked down on the roof of the rocketing sq car, looking past its flashing gumballs. The car is approaching the townlet, its siren wailing.
32) 0) text: Siren jumps in loud at the cut. It is the same locked-dow shot over the gumballs.
34) 4) text: As the blue paint is smeared away we see Hi and Ed's car  parked broadside in the middle of the road. Hi and Ed are front of it, Hi aiming his scatter gun, Ed a revolver. The guns spit orange flame.
34) 7) dialog: Where's the baby? Evelle points this way and that, in a state of confusion.
34) 16) dialog: What is he?
35) 0) text: As the two front doors fly open and Hi and Ed spill out - from the driver's side, heading for the far side of the r and Ed from the passenger side.
35) 10) dialog: I want that baby!
35) 13) dialog: Gimme that baby, you warthog from  hell! Lenny's arms rise into frame. With a roll of his wrists t knives appear in his hands.
35) 15) text: Ed stepping into his line of fire, blocking Lenny.
35) 16) text: Raising an arm to stab. Ed stoops to scoop the baby from the car seat, revealing: Hi, behind her. He fires.
36) 0) text: As Ed bursts in. The floor is littered with obedient hays From where he lies prone:
37) 4) text: Closing on Ed as she reaches the mouth of the alley. A pl swings into frame, straight at the camera.
37) 46) text: Waitaminute... Hi and Ed Stop.
37) 59) dialog: We don't want no reward. Hi does a small take, surprised at this much integrity.
37) 60) dialog: ...We didn't bring him back for money.
37) 62) dialog: Could I just look at him a little  bit more? She stands looking into the crib. Hi steps up next to her and puts an arm around her shoulder.
37) 66) dialog: (still crying)
37) 67) text: We both did it. We didn't wanna hurt  him any; I just wanted to be a mama.
37) 71) dialog: Thank you sir.
37) 73) dialog: We can't have our own. Nathan looks at her. Finally he nods and sighs.
37) 81) text: Looking straight down at Hi, asleep in the trailer bedroo We start to crane down.
37) 83) text: A beautiful dusk landscape. We are floating in over the f abutting the prison, that Gale and Evelle popped out of. In the middle background of the extreme long shot two men are walking across the field.