0) 26) dialog: Work is what's kept us happy.
7) 0) text: At the cut the ear-splitting thunder drops out to quiet. hear only the muffled patter of rain and the hum of a bar fluorescent. The two bedraggled escaped cons are standing side by side combing their hair in the mirror. The men seem absorbed i their task, using hair jelly from a jar that sits on the  shelf between them to restore their duck's-ass haircuts. Evelle cracks the bathroom door and looks out into the ra
7) 1) dialog: ...Okay.
7) 3) dialog: Mercury. Looks nice.
8) 0) text: The two men are trotting out to a Mercury that sits unten at a gas island, a gas hose on automatic stuck in its tan As Gale starts up the car Evelle yanks the hose out and d it to the ground. Gale is already starting to peel out as Evelle gets in.
8) 19) dialog: Miz McDunnough. Ed smiles politely, then squints at Hi.
8) 23) dialog: That a him or a her?
8) 28) dialog: Say, thairs good - JR., just like on  the Teevee. Gale is staring at the streamers and decorations. Reading aloud:
8) 44) dialog: We released ourselves on our own  recognizance.
8) 47) dialog: He's a little outlaw, you can see  that.
8) 49) dialog: ...Ma'am?
8) 173) dialog: ...Awful good cereal flakes, Miz  McDunnough.
8) 177) dialog: Ya don't breast feed him, he'll hate  you for it later. That's why we wound  up in prison. Gale blows out smoke and picks up his spoon to start back on his cornflakes.
8) 180) dialog: Morni', H.I. Sharply, as Hi sits and starts to pour cornflakes into a  bowl:
8) 186) dialog: Anything you say. More relaxed now, to Ed:
8) 189) dialog: We'd love to have ya.
8) 195) text: It is the bathroom where we earlier saw Gale and Evelle  combing their hair, now empty. We are looking toward the door. The bathroom is quiet exc for the dripping sink, and the faint rumble of an approac motorcycle. It grows louder, then begins to recede as the bike shoots by the station. Suddenly we hear the screech of the bike's brakes.
18) 22) dialog: And if we did, we apologize. Ed is unmoved.
18) 24) dialog: ...What's he need, his dip-tet?
18) 28) dialog: Yeah, I guess the Missus wants us to  clear out.
18) 34) dialog: Come on Hi. you're young, you got  your health - what do you want with  a job?
18) 36) dialog: A bank, Hi. Hi is shaking his head.
18) 39) dialog: It's like Doc Schwartz says: You  gotta have a little ambition. Why we  just heard on the news how somebody  snatched off one of the Arizona  babies. Now there's someone thinkin'  big.
18) 43) dialog: Picture of El Dorado, Hi.
18) 45) dialog: And guess what day it is tomorrow?
18) 47) dialog: A-One information.
18) 49) dialog: He's in for solicitin' sex from a  state trooper.
18) 55) dialog: Either way we're fixed for life. Hi is still shaking his head.
21) 62) dialog: ...and already you're fuckin' it up. Hi looks up. Gale and Evelle are smiling down at him.
21) 63) dialog: Come on, the missus'll be back from  town soon. Hi takes the envelope that he was slumped over, to Ed wri on its face. As he sticks it to the refrigerator door wit broccoli magnet:
21) 65) dialog: Bedroom, in his crib.
23) 0) text: Evelle is already emerging from the bedroom with the baby his arms. Hi moves toward Evelle. His teeth are set; he means busin
23) 11) text: Moving down the road toward an oncoming car. As the oncom car gets closer we can see Gale and Evelle in its front s As the car passes we pan with it, to reveal that we have  been shooting from the inside of another car, and we hold the profile of its driver: Ed. She has just watched the o car shoot past.
24) 12) dialog: You said somethin' there, partner.
24) 14) dialog: Uh, Gale... Junior had a, uh,  accident.
24) 16) dialog: He had a little accident. Gale looks over.
24) 18) dialog: No, ya see... Movin' though we are,  he just had hisself a rest stop.
24) 20) dialog: (very excited)
24) 23) dialog: ...He smiled at me!
26) 1) dialog: Know how you put these thangs on?
26) 2) text: Evelle and the Cashier, a late-middle-aged man (perhaps t proprietor of this small mom-and-pop store) face each oth across the check-out counter. Evelle has various baby  purchases - the diapers, baby food, etc. - piled on the  counter. The Cashier is ringing them up. Through the open door beyond them we can see a strip of t parking lot.
26) 4) dialog: I know where they go, old timer. I  mean do I need pins or fasteners? We see Gale trotting past through the visible part of the parking lot, cooing "Weeeeee!" as he holds Nathan Jr. Up  over his head.
26) 6) dialog: Uh-huh... He takes a plastic-covered squirt gun off a display rack drops it on the counter. He is looking around at the othe impulse purchases displayed by the register; he unhooks a bag of balloons.
26) 7) dialog: ...These blow up into funny shapes  at all? Gale is trotting by in the opposite direction: "Weeeeee!"
26) 9) dialog: All right, I'll take these too. Now  you lie down back there-
26) 11) dialog: And don't you move till you've counted  up to eight hundred and twenty-five  and then backwards down to zero.  I'll be back to check - see y'ain't  cheatin'. The Cashier is already down on the floor, out of frame.
26) 13) dialog: Looks like I'm one of 'em.
27) 0) text: As Evelle hurriedly emerges with the two bags. Faintly we can hear the Cashier bellowing: "One one thousand, two on thousand..."
27) 1) dialog: Get the door, will ya? Gale is slipping the baby back into his car seat, which s on the roof of the car. He starts doing up the straps.
27) 3) dialog: Hurry up Gale... Gale has the door open. Evelle starts throwing in the  groceries.
27) 4) dialog: I don't know how high this one can  count.
27) 6) dialog: I got him some baby grub... baby  wipes... diapers, disposable... packet  of balloons-
27) 8) dialog: No, just- Gale is looking around, puzzled.
27) 10) dialog: Wuddya mean, didn't you put him in?!
27) 16) dialog: Screaming as he watches the foot:
27) 17) dialog: 
27) 20) text: Evelle is screaming at the top of his lungs as the car ro to a stop. He peers through the windshield, still screami but nothing has shot off the roof of the car. He cranes his neck to look up the slant of the windshield toward the roof. This of course gives him no view; still  screaming, he thrusts his body out his open window to loo up at the roof. His scream is muted as his head disappear from view, then comes back full force as he ducks back in frantically shaking his head. With this Gale's last hope disappears and he starts bello also.
29) 3) text: With Nathan Jr. in the foreground. Gale and Evelle's car  comes to a rocking halt behind - and inches shy of - the  baby. Evelle's door is already open. He bolts from it and runs  over to the baby, blubbering. He picks up the car seat an Nathan Jr. Gale is also getting out of the car.
29) 4) dialog: Promise we ain't never gonna give  him up, Gale! We ain't never gonna  let him go! Gale, choked up, speaks in a low unsteady voice:
29) 23) dialog: There she is.
29) 26) dialog: Waitaminute. What do we do with Gale  Jr.?
29) 28) dialog: Are you crazy?!  He can't wait here  by hisself. Supposin' we get killed  in there - it could be hours before  he's discovered.
30) 0) text: As Gale and Evelle bang in through the door. Evelle holds shotgun; Gale holds a shotgun in one hand and Nathan Jr. his car seat in the other.
30) 7) dialog: Y'all can just forget that part about  freezin'.
30) 9) dialog: Y'all hear that? There is a murmur of acknowledgment from all the people o the ground. Gale is tossing Evelle a sack.
30) 13) dialog: They're down on the ground like you  commanded, Gale.
30) 15) dialog: Not even yer code name? Gale registers understanding.
30) 17) dialog: Y'all hear that? There is a murmur of acknowledgment from all the people o the ground.
31) 2) dialog: All right now everyone, you know how  this works: Y'all stay flattened for  ten full minutes... He is grabbing the two sacks and tosses one to Gale, who  also picks up the baby. As the two are backing toward the door:
31) 3) dialog: ...We might come back in five to  check. That's for us to know and y'a  to find out.
34) 0) text: Gale is driving; Evelle starts pawing through one of the  sacks.
34) 2) dialog: We done okay. Yessir. This ought to  split nicely three ways. A thought registers with Gale and Evelle at the same mome They look at each other. They both twist frantically to l in the back seat. Bellowing:
34) 5) text: Down the barrel of his shotgun. The car with the blue int is swerving crazily at us, one front tire blown out. Hi lets go with the other barrel. The shot chews up the front grill, shatters one headlight and blows out the other front tire. The hood of the car f open. The car is squealing to a halt and Gale and Evelle pile o still bellowing.
34) 8) dialog: I think we left him on the roof of  the... he must be back at the... Hi and Ed are climbing into their car.
37) 83) text: A beautiful dusk landscape. We are floating in over the f abutting the prison, that Gale and Evelle popped out of. In the middle background of the extreme long shot two men are walking across the field.