0) 25) dialog: But sometimes your career gotta come  before family.
7) 2) dialog: What is it?
8) 0) text: The two men are trotting out to a Mercury that sits unten at a gas island, a gas hose on automatic stuck in its tan As Gale starts up the car Evelle yanks the hose out and d it to the ground. Gale is already starting to peel out as Evelle gets in.
8) 18) dialog: Ma'am.
8) 22) dialog: Well now H.I., looks like you been  up to the devil's bidnis!
8) 25) dialog: Got a name, does he? Hi and Ed look at each other uncomfortably. Hi clears his throat.
8) 29) dialog: "Welcome... Home... Son." Where's he  been? Hi and Ed respond simultaneously:
8) 34) dialog: Was that yer folks ma'am?
8) 36) dialog: I thought yer folks was dead, H.I.?
8) 41) dialog: We don't always smell like this, Miz  McDunnough. I was just explainin' to  yer better half here that when we  were tunneln' out we hit the main  sewer - dumb luck, that - and just  followed that to -
8) 43) dialog: Waaaal...
8) 45) dialog: What Evelle means to say is, we felt  the institution no longer had anything  to offer us. He is looking at the baby.
8) 46) dialog: ...My Lord he's cute.
8) 52) dialog: Say, who wears the pants round here 
8) 56) dialog: Gotcha on a awful short leash, don't  she H.I.?
8) 174) text: Ed is sitting in the living room, bottle-feeding Nathan J She is surrounded by the rumpled sheets and blankets used the house guests. She does not respond to the ice-breaker Gale puts his spoon down and picks up a cigarette which h been smoking in the ashtray next to him. There is a bead milk dribbling down his chin. He takes a contemplative puff, studying Ed.
8) 175) dialog: ...Whyncha breast feed him? You 'pear  to be capable.
8) 178) dialog: Anyway, that's what Doc Schwartz  tells us. Hi is walking in, yawning.
8) 185) dialog: Sure H.I.
8) 188) dialog: Sure H.I.
8) 193) dialog: (bitterly)
8) 195) text: It is the bathroom where we earlier saw Gale and Evelle  combing their hair, now empty. We are looking toward the door. The bathroom is quiet exc for the dripping sink, and the faint rumble of an approac motorcycle. It grows louder, then begins to recede as the bike shoots by the station. Suddenly we hear the screech of the bike's brakes.
18) 21) dialog: Well ma'am... we sure didn't mean to  influence anyone.
18) 26) dialog: Well there ain't a thing to apologize  for, H.I... He looks at Evelle.
18) 27) dialog: ...It seems pretty clear what the  situation is here.
18) 29) dialog: Now H.I., you'll pardon me for sayin'  so, but I get the feelin' that this- here... His gesture seems to take in the trailer and the entire  domestic situation.
18) 30) dialog: ...ain't exactly workin' out.
18) 32) dialog: And as per usual, I wouldn't be  surprised if the source of the marital  friction was financial.
18) 35) dialog: But look, I'd rather light a candle  than curse your darkness. As you  know, Evelle'n I never go anywhere  without a reason... and here we are  in your little domicile. We come to  invite you in on a score.
18) 38) dialog: I know you're partial to convenience  stores but, H.I., the sun don't rise  and set on the corner grocery.
18) 40) dialog: And here you are sittin' around on  your butt playin' house with a -  don't get me wrong, H.I., with a  fine woman - but a woman who needs  the button-down type.
18) 42) dialog: Just lookahere... He is handing Hi a folded-up picture.
18) 44) dialog: Though the locals call it the Farmers  and Mechanics Bank of LaGrange. Looks  like a hayseed bank and, tell you  the truth, it is a hayseed bank.  Except the last Friday of every  financial quarter there's more cash  in that bank than flies at a barbecue.
18) 46) dialog: Ya see, H.I., it's when the hayseeds  come in to cash their farm subsidy  checks.
18) 48) dialog: Got it in the joint from a guy named  Lawrence Spivey, one of Dick Nixon's  undersecretaries of agriculture.
18) 50) dialog: Ordinarily we don't associate with  that class of person, but... Gale chuckles.
18) 51) dialog: ...he was tryin' to make brownie  points with some of the boys.
18) 54) dialog: Y'understand, H.I., if this works  out it's just the beginning of a  spree across the entire Southwest  proper. We keep goin' 'till we can  retire - or we get caught.
18) 57) dialog: Would it?  Think about it, H.I. Seems  to me, stayin' here, y'ain't doin'  her any good. And y'ain't bein' true  to your own nature. The camera has floated in to a close shot of Hi, staring  glumly at GALE.
21) 61) dialog: Up and attem, H.I. Today is the first  day of the rest of your life...
21) 66) dialog: He's sawin' toothpicks, he'll be  fine. There is a harsh knock at the door. All three tense.
21) 67) dialog: ...You expectin' anybody? Hi is staring. The knock comes again.
23) 2) dialog: You know what's goin' on, H.I. It's  just business. Now this can go either  hard or easy- Hi gives Gale a hard push to get past him. Gale staggers  back but recovers and grabs Hi in a bear hug. Hi flips Gale. Gale lands on a coffee table which flips u and crashes back down. Evelle is dancing back out of Hi's reach. As Hi lunges fo him the prostrate Gale grabs his legs. Hi goes down hard. Gale leaps to his feet and - CRASH - bangs his head up ag an overhanging lamp. Both of his hands fly up to massage top of his head. THOOMP - Hi's fist flies into frame to connect with Gale' unguarded stomach. Gale doubles over, clutching at his gu Hi interlaces his fingers to make a club of his two hands With Gale's bowed head a target in front of him, Hi swing his hands up over his head. Hi's knuckles scrape painfully against the plaster of the too - low ceiling. Skin is flayed, plaster crumbles. Hi grabs at his knuckles in pain. Gale lunges with a mid- body tackle that sends Hi crashing into the wall. Gale, still on top of him, reaches back to throw a punch. The reach-back sends his elbow crashing through a window doesn't stop the punch. It connects with Hi's jaw. Gale throws another quick punch, all his weight behind it Hi's head bobs sideways just in time and Gale's fist goes through the wall. It is momentarily stuck there. Hi uses the opportunity to grab Gale's one free arm with  both of his. He is twisting it to make Gale, roaring with pain, twist around and present his back to him. Hi climbs aboard, grabbing Gale's face. Gale, still roaring, is pulling his fist out of the hole. grabs a lath exposed by the hole and pulls; it tears out the wall and snaps free, giving him a length of about two feet. Gale is rampaging around like a grizzly bear hemmed in a small space. Hi is hanging on for dear life, his own feet flailing this way and that, knocking over lamps and wall  fixtures as Gale bends and twirls about, trying to shake loose. Gale crashes and bounces off the walls, roaring in pain and fury. Close shots of Gale's face show his features impossibly a grotesquely contorted by Hi's hand, squeezing, gripping a clutching at it. Evelle is dancing around with the baby, dodging crashing  furniture and flailing body parts.
23) 3) text: At the cut Gale's roaring drops out. We hear the chirping birds and the laughter of children playing in the  neighborhood. It is a sunny day.
23) 7) text: At carpet level. Gale's shoes enter his field of vision.  They stride over to a mess of debris in the corner of the living room.
23) 8) text: As Gale paws through the wreckage to expose the copy of D Spock's Baby and Child Care. He grabs the book.
23) 11) text: Moving down the road toward an oncoming car. As the oncom car gets closer we can see Gale and Evelle in its front s As the car passes we pan with it, to reveal that we have  been shooting from the inside of another car, and we hold the profile of its driver: Ed. She has just watched the o car shoot past.
24) 11) dialog: I luuuuv to drive.
24) 13) dialog: ...Yessir, I figure with the ransom  and this bank, you'n I'll be sittin'  in the fabled catbird seat. Evelle is looking down at the baby, shifting him in his l
24) 15) dialog: What's that, pardner?
24) 17) dialog: Wuddya mean, he looks okay.
24) 19) dialog: Well it's perfectly natural.
24) 21) text: Hey Gale!
24) 22) dialog: What now? Evelle, beaming, looks up from the baby to Gale.
27) 2) dialog: He's a real cheerful little critter  once he warms up to ya. Hands free now, Gale reaches for the back door.
27) 7) dialog: They blow up into funny shapes at  all?
27) 9) dialog: Say, where's Junior?
27) 11) dialog: No, I thought- The two men look at each other.
27) 14) dialog: Where'd we leave him?! The two men's eyes widen as they remember at the same tim both look up at the roof of the car.
27) 20) text: Evelle is screaming at the top of his lungs as the car ro to a stop. He peers through the windshield, still screami but nothing has shot off the roof of the car. He cranes his neck to look up the slant of the windshield toward the roof. This of course gives him no view; still  screaming, he thrusts his body out his open window to loo up at the roof. His scream is muted as his head disappear from view, then comes back full force as he ducks back in frantically shaking his head. With this Gale's last hope disappears and he starts bello also.
29) 3) text: With Nathan Jr. in the foreground. Gale and Evelle's car  comes to a rocking halt behind - and inches shy of - the  baby. Evelle's door is already open. He bolts from it and runs  over to the baby, blubbering. He picks up the car seat an Nathan Jr. Gale is also getting out of the car.
29) 5) dialog: We'll never give him up, Evelle.  He's our little Gale Jr. now.
29) 24) dialog: Yep. Welp... They look at each other. Gale reaches for his door.
29) 25) dialog: ...Let's do her.
29) 27) dialog: Wuddya mean, he waits here.
30) 0) text: As Gale and Evelle bang in through the door. Evelle holds shotgun; Gale holds a shotgun in one hand and Nathan Jr. his car seat in the other.
30) 1) dialog: All right you hayseeds, it's a stick- up! Everbody freeze! Everbody down  on the ground! Everyone freezes, staring at Gale and Evelle. An Old Hays with his hands in the air speaks up:
30) 3) dialog: 
30) 6) dialog: Everone down on the ground!
30) 8) dialog: That is until they get down there.
30) 10) dialog: Wanna fill that sack, pardner? We  got - shit! He is looking in shock at the tellers' counter.
30) 11) dialog: ...Where'd all the tellers go? There is no one behind the counter. A muffled voice from offscreen:
30) 14) dialog: I told you not to use m'damn name!  Can't you even try to keep from  forget'n that?! Evelle is momentarily abashed, but then brightens:
30) 16) dialog: Oh yeah... m'code name.
30) 18) dialog: All right now everone, we're just  about ready to begin the robbery  proper...
31) 4) dialog: Anyone found bipedal in five wears  his ass for a hat. They bolt out the door.
34) 0) text: Gale is driving; Evelle starts pawing through one of the  sacks.
34) 1) dialog: That old timer threw off my  concentration. Otherwise it would a  gone smoother.
34) 3) dialog: Goddamnit! Ya never leave a man  behind! KA-POP! With a loud flat crack something detonates in the front seat and the interior of the car is spattered with  bright blue paint. Gale and Evelle, both covered in blue, are screaming in r fear and incomprehension. Blue dollar bills snap and flut around the inside of the car. The car is swerving wildly as Gale drives blind, the insi of the windshield covered with blue paint. He reaches for to wipe clear a patch of windshield.
34) 5) text: Down the barrel of his shotgun. The car with the blue int is swerving crazily at us, one front tire blown out. Hi lets go with the other barrel. The shot chews up the front grill, shatters one headlight and blows out the other front tire. The hood of the car f open. The car is squealing to a halt and Gale and Evelle pile o still bellowing.
34) 6) dialog: Goddamnit H.I., ain't we got enough  to contend with? Ed is running over to Gale and Evelle's car, throwing ope the back door to look for the baby but coming out only wi Dr. Spock's Baby and Child Care. Evelle is staggering around in shock, looking in disbelie at his own blue body.
34) 9) dialog: Let us come with you! Hi and Ed are already peeling out.
34) 10) dialog: ...He's our baby too! CLOSE ON NATHAN JR. Sitting placidly in his car seat that sits in the middle the road in front of the bank. We can hear the wail of the police siren still approachin As we hold on Nathan Jr. we hear the distant booming of a shotgun. As we boom up to show the empty street beyond the baby, w hear the crack of return fire and furiously squealing bra The screech culminates in a loud explosion that snaps off the siren wail. The police car is apparently history. From beyond the crest of the road ahead a ball of flame h leapt up with the explosion. As the explosion echoes and  fades we hear the deep rumble of an approaching engine. Lenny Smalls' motorcycle appears over the rise. Framed ag fire and smoke, he is coming directly toward us, and the  baby.
37) 83) text: A beautiful dusk landscape. We are floating in over the f abutting the prison, that Gale and Evelle popped out of. In the middle background of the extreme long shot two men are walking across the field.