8) 116) text: Now don't print that, son. If his  mama reads that she's just gonna  lose all hope. A POLICEMAN from inside the house is taking Nathan by the elbow.
8) 117) dialog: We really have to ask you some more  questions, sir... As Nathan allows himself to be led back into the house he calls back over his shoulder:
8) 120) dialog: Mr. Byrum here can take your exemplars  while you talk. MR. BYRUM has taken Nathan's right hand and is rolling it fingers onto the inkpad.
8) 123) dialog: Sir, these men are from the FBI-
13) 8) text: Through the glass we see the pimply young Cashier with th paper 7-Eleven cap pop up from behind the counter to sigh down his huge .44 Magnum for another shot. The gun is so he uses both hands to heft it. SMACK-CRACK - the bullet kisses another hole in the glass Hi is off and running. The squad car is screeching into the lot. An officer tumb out of the passenger side before the car is fully stopped He rolls on the pavement, then hurriedly rights himself a takes up a half-kneeling shooting stance. At the same time the little Cashier is emerging from the Eleven with his gun. The two bang away at Hi's retreating figure - the Policem revolver popping, the Cashier's Magnum booming. We hear the Policeman who is still in the car drawling ov its loudspeaker:
16) 0) text: As Hi bursts in. Tracking on him as he runs down the broa front aisle, head whipping as he runs, looking up each  perpendicular lane, searching for something. He turns up one of the last lanes, races along it and gra a carton of Huggies, still on the flat run. He emerges into the broad back aisle and runs along it, b at the first perpendicular lane he hits, we see Officer  Steensma, gun leveled, at the other end. He fires. Hi keeps running. The Policeman is running along the front aisle, keeping p with Hi running along the back aisle. He squeezes off sho at Hi as each lane gives him the opportunity. Hi abruptly stops between lanes and doubles back, losing Policeman. He runs down the second lane he comes to towar the front of the store. The pack of dogs appears at the end of the lane and thund up toward Hi, braying at the top of their doggy lungs. Th lead Doberman holds in his teeth a paper 7-Eleven cap. Hi reverses again, and emerges into the back aisle. BANG! A pyramid of cranberry juice explodes at his should The Policeman has been waiting at the end of the back ais he aims once again. Hi plunges down the next lane but is brought up short as BOOM! five jars of applesauce explode in front of him. Hi looks. Standing in the raised platform-cubicle at the front of t store is the Store Manager, a fat man in a white short-sl shirt with a lit cigarette dangling from his mouth. The Manager cracks open his shotgun and inserts two more  cartridges - THOONK THOONK - in the smoking chamber. Hi doubles back once again toward the back aisle. He is still several paces from the end of the lane when t Policeman appears there, squaring to face him. The Policeman is in front of him. The MANAGER is blowing groceries on the shelves behind him.
16) 1) dialog: As he coolly levels his police special and takes aim at H