0) 16) text: Duke takes the clothes from Hoffy and starts stuffing the into a small barrack bag.
0) 35) dialog: Stop it, Joey -- go to sleep!
1) 0) text: Stosh is peering after them, his head hanging down throug the trap from above. Beyond him in the barrack, Hoffy, Pr and Duke bend over Stosh, waiting for developments.
6) 9) dialog: Now what kind of a crack is that?
6) 16) dialog: Wait a minute, Hoffy -- I want to  back those kids. I'll cover ten of  that.
6) 21) dialog: (throwing two packs  on the table) I'll call the whole pot.
6) 37) dialog: What slipped up, Hoffy?
6) 39) dialog: (To Price) Okay, Security -- what happened?
6) 46) dialog: Hold it, Sefton. So we heard some  shots -- so who says they didn't get  away?
7) 8) text: Duke, Triz and Blondie start climbing out, yawning and  scratching themselves.
7) 11) dialog: You killed them, huh? Both of them?
7) 13) dialog: Don't wear it out!
8) 4) text: The HUB-BUB dies down. The guards march down the front line of their barrack gro counting the lines of five in German. As Schulz passes him, Blondie spots something in the midd of the compound. He nudges Duke. Duke nudges Price, Price Harry, Harry Stosh, Stosh Cookie. Cookie nudges Sefton wh is putting on his wool gloves. The glove drops. They all  look off in the same direction. In the center of the compound, right smack in the mud, li the corpses of Johnson and Manfredi, covered with a blank You know it's them because Johnson's foot is sticking out with the barrack bag still tied to it. A stir goes through the men of Barrack 4. They are hit ha All but Sefton. He looks at the corpses for a moment, the bends down, picks up the glove and starts putting it on. In front of the Administration Building a German Lieutena has been supervising a couple of guards as they lay narro planks over the mud in a line leading to the middle of th compound. He turns now to the P.O.W.s.
8) 37) text: But his triumph is short-lived, for almost instantly Harr steps forward alongside Stosh. Then Duke and Blondie and  Cookie. Spontaneously, men from all the other barracks fo until all the P.O.W.s have moved forward one step.
9) 0) text: Packed with men from Barrack 4, about two dozen of them.  Others waiting outside for their turn. At the trough wash Hoffy, Price, Duke, Stosh, Harry, Cookie and Sefton. No s A couple of worn-out towels. Except for Sefton: He's got  soap, towel and tooth brush.
9) 8) dialog: How come the Krauts knew about that  stove, Security? And the tunnel? How  come you can't lay down a belch around  here without them knowing it?
9) 11) dialog: I just want to know what makes those  Krauts so smart.
9) 14) dialog: Or maybe it's not that they're so  smart. Maybe it's that we're so  stupid. Maybe there's somebody in  our barracks that's tipping 'em off!  One of us!
9) 16) dialog: You betcha. I said one of us is a  stoolie. A dirty, stinkin' stoolie!
9) 20) text: Stosh lets go with a SCREAM. He takes off like shot from cannon, Harry after him. Instantly the wash latrine is em of the men, wet as they are. Nobody is left but Price, Ho Duke, Sefton and Cookie.
11) 7) dialog: (next in line) Drink. (tastes the stuff) Shave.
11) 36) text: Cookie, at Sefton's bunk, has taken from one of the  footlockers three cans, a china cup with a broken handle, fork, a spoon, and a salt-and-pepper shaker. He slams the locker shut with his foot and sets everything up on the o footlocker. Hoffy, Duke and Price, seated at the table ea chow, eye him with disgust. From the stove comes Sefton carrying the skillet and the of boiling water. The other P.O.W.s, including Harry and  Stosh, follow him, hypnotized by the egg. Sefton walks to his bunk, sits down on a little stool, puts salt and pepp on the egg. Cookie meanwhile has opened the cans. From on of them he measures out a spoonful of instant coffee into the cup and pours the boiling water over it. Sefton takes two lumps of sugar out of the other can and some Zwieback from the third can. The guys around him sniff the royal  breakfast. The situation is tense.
11) 40) dialog: Come on, Trader Horn! Let's hear it:  what'd you give the Krauts for that  egg?
11) 44) dialog: Nice guy! The Krauts shoot Manfredi  and Johnson last night and today  he's out trading with them.
11) 49) dialog: A lot sharper, Sefton! I'd like to  have some of that loot you got in  those footlockers!
11) 51) dialog: You stink, Sefton!
11) 54) text: A couple of P.O.W.s hold Duke back.
11) 64) text: He strikes a match on the sleeve of Duke's leather jacket and lights himself a cigar.
11) 65) dialog: Why you crud! This war's going to be  over some day -- then what do you  think we'll do to Kraut-kissers like  you?
11) 89) dialog: Just a little sickness. Somebody  around here's got the German measles.
15) 5) dialog: Static is right! The radio's static,  Patton's static, we're static!
18) 19) dialog: Cut out the guff, Schulz. We're on  to you. You know everything that's  happening in this barrack. Who's  tipping you off?
18) 23) dialog: Come on, Schulz! Spill it! How did  you get the information? About  Manfredi and Johnson? About the stove  and the tunnel? Who's giving it to  you? Which one of us is it?
18) 27) dialog: That's the general idea. (looking at Sefton) Only it's not so general as far as  I'm concerned.
23) 5) text: Hoffy, Price and Duke come in from the compound. Hoffy ca the situation and pulls Sefton to the side.
23) 13) dialog: I suppose they also know about your  distillery and the horseraces?
23) 15) dialog: Just what makes you and them Krauts  so buddy-buddy?
23) 20) dialog: And maybe a little something else?
23) 22) text: He strikes a match on Duke's dogtag and lights his cigar.
23) 23) dialog: (lunging at him) Maybe a little information!
23) 24) text: Hoffy and Price hold back Duke.
23) 26) dialog: How much more do we have to take  from him?
23) 30) text: Everybody in the barrack is dashing toward the window giv out on the Russian Compound. Hoffy, Price, Duke, and Seft follow after. The window is packed by G.I.s staring out. More crowding
29) 7) text: He tosses the book into the air. Duke catches it.
29) 8) dialog: That's the wrong direction.
29) 17) text: Cookie comes up for his letter. So do Duke and Blondie. ( names are Musgrove and Peterson.)
29) 49) text: Blondie is reading his letter, several G.I.s around him,  among them Duke.
29) 51) dialog: Anything about us grouse hunting in  the Vienna woods?
29) 53) dialog: Heart-rendering, ain't it? Why don't  we send them some food parcels?
31) 54) dialog: Especially in this barrack.
31) 74) text: Hoffy nods to Duke. Duke leaves the barrack, after Sefton
32) 0) text: On the muddy compound there is a tag football game going with some forty G.I.s watching. Sefton is walking along. Behind him, Duke has come out of the barrack and is following him. Sefton becomes aware of it. Nonchalantly, he walks into a wash latrine.
34) 0) text: Duke stands some distance away, watching the only pair of legs visible under the raised partition. The legs move no down the length of the latrine and out the other end. The colored P.O.W. emerges and walks off with his back toward Duke. Duke follows him.
36) 0) text: Duke is still following the wrong guy. Now the P.O.W. sto to talk to a pal. Duke realizes his mistake. He dashes ba into the wash latrine and comes out again. He stands ther frustrated. With the football players rushing about, pass being thrown and G.I.s milling around, he has lost Sefton
41) 30) text: They turn. In the door stands Duke, breathless. He had ju come in from the Compound.
41) 31) dialog: Go on, ask me! Because I got the  goods on Mister Sefton. Because this  time he didn't shake me.
41) 33) dialog: Take a look for yourself. It'll curdle  your guts.
41) 37) dialog: Try the end barrack. Where the goodies  are.
41) 42) dialog: Easy! Walked right through the gate,  past the guard. Like he was some  Kraut Field Marshal.
42) 7) dialog: (to Hoffy and Price) So I'm a vigilante, huh? So what are  the Barrack Officers going to do  now?
42) 9) dialog: You better handle it fast. Before a  few more of us get knocked off.
44) 0) text: The electric lights are burning. Sefton enters, whistling Duke slips behind him, slams the door shut, and stands th blocking the exit. Sefton stops whistling. He surveys the situation. About t five P.O.W.s stand around silently, looking at him. Hoffy Price, Harry and Stosh in the foreground.
44) 20) dialog: (moving in on Sefton) Yeah, what about it? (to Hoffy and Price) Cut the horsing around. We know he's  the stoolie and we know what the pay- off is. Let's get on with it.
44) 22) dialog: You make my mouth water.
46) 32) text: He crawls into his bunk. He lies there, his eyes wide ope The air is charged. After a long moment, the men move in on him, led by Duke Stosh. Sefton sits up to meet them. A couple of guys grab him from behind, hold him down.
48) 32) text: There is a SOUND of P.O.W.s entering. Schulz looks off. The P.O.W.s are coming back from the compound with the  Christmas presents. Hoffy, Price, Duke, Harry and Stosh s in the door, looking at Sefton and Schulz. Schulz quickly drops the cartons on Sefton's bunk. Stands embarrassed for a moment, then retrieves his poise.
48) 38) dialog: Didn't you get enough last night?  You itching for more?
48) 46) text: Duke grabs the ice-bag from him.
48) 47) dialog: Beat it, stooge! (to Hoffy and Price) Go on -- tell the crumb where he  stands.
50) 2) text: He goes on with the knitting. Through the door come Duke and Price, followed by two P.O from another barrack. One P.O.W. is carrying an old-fashi phonograph, the other some records.
50) 3) dialog: (indicating center  table) Put it down, boys.
50) 9) dialog: Over here.
50) 11) dialog: (to Cookie) Let's have that distillery. Come on.
50) 13) dialog: What are you looking at him for? (to Sefton) Any objections, Sefton?
50) 16) dialog: (to Sefton) Next we're going to auction off your  department store -- and your stable.
50) 34) dialog: Say, that's a dandy!
51) 0) text: The lights are on. In the foreground, our bulb, with a lo in the cord again. A Christmas party is in progress. On t center table, the pitiful little tree is lit. All the P.O in the barrack are huddled around the table, most of them sitting on the bunks. They are singing Adeste Fideles. It bitter cold. Outside the wind is howling. They are wrappe in blankets and most of them wear gloves. As for Sefton, he is lying in his bunk, a pariah. Duke co over from the group, pulls Sefton's foot-locker out and s taking out the bottles of Rhine wine.
51) 1) dialog: Where's the corkscrew?
51) 4) dialog: Thanks.
51) 5) text: He takes a cigar, puts it in his mouth and goes off with wine. As Sefton looks after him, his eyes are caught by t light cord and the noose in it. He stares at it. The P.O.W.s around the tree are SINGING, Price prominentl in the foreground. Duke has come with the wine and starts opening it. Stosh nudges Joey who sits next to him and po to a lone little package under the tree.
52) 60) dialog: Only he ain't quite finished yet.  Blondie -- get that smudge pot. Tie  it to Steve's leg.
52) 78) dialog: You ain't going to squeal this one,  brother.
53) 0) text: Several hundred P.O.W.s are casually strolling about the  compound. The CAMERA MOVES TOWARDS the Administration Bui PAST an S.S. car parked on the roadway, with the motor  running. An S.S. driver stands at the car door. Harry and Stosh stand by the car, inspecting it. CAMERA MOVES ON PA the flagpole, against which leans Duke, and ON TO the por of the Administration Building: there stands Hoffy, readi the bulletin board. Only he isn't reading it. From one co of his eye he is peeking through the window into the  Kommandant's office. Suddenly he reacts to a movement ins Without turning, he gives the signal: he throws one end o his muffler around his neck. Duke, at the flagpole, gets it and throws his muffler aro his neck, thusly relaying the signal. At the car, Harry follows suit. Marko, leaning against the north latrine, catches the sig and, still facing the compound, RAPS with his knuckles on the wooden boards.
55) 0) text: The Crutch is slowly hobbling toward the car, a thin wisp smoke curling up from his pants' leg. Out of the Administration Building emerge two S.S. Men,  leading Dunbar between them. Hoffy, standing at the bulle board, WHISTLES a few bars of the Air Force song. Dunbar  turns, sees Hoffy whistling. Hoffy doesn't look at him, b Dunbar senses that something is in the wind. He walks on  between the S.S. Men. As he is being led toward the car,  still some thirty feet away, P.O.W.s crowd in to watch hi The Crutch, hobbling on from the direction of the latrine is some twenty feet from the car. Duke straightens up from the flagpole casually, and start sauntering toward the car. The latrine. Blondie and Bagradian have moved out of the  latrine and stand there with Marko, watching the car. Harry and Stosh at the car. Stosh tightening the belt of coat, Harry pulling the barracks cap tight on his head. The driver of the car opens the door. The S.S. Men and Du are some eight feet away now. The Crutch, hobbling past the car, releases a string and smudge pot drops as he moves on. He barely makes it. Almo instantly, there is a belch of fire and smoke starts pour out of the smoke bomb. The wind billows the smoke across the car, rapidly envelo the S.S. Men and Dunbar. There are German SHOUTS from wit the smoke cloud. Duke, Harry, Stosh, Blondie, Bagradian, Marko and Hoffy m into the smoke from all sides. All now is lost in smoke.  Just silhouettes of men rushing about. SHOUTS, German  commands, SOUNDS of scuffling. From OFF a siren starts to sound. German guards come running from all corners of the compound into the cloud. In the goon towers, the guards wheel around their machine guns, but don't dare to shoot into the smoke. From the Administration Building storms von Scherbach,  followed by the two Lieutenants, Schulz and other guards. They dash into the smoke cloud, which starts lifting.
56) 2) text: Pirelli, Blondie, Hoffy and Duke file by. The next in lin is Price, followed by Sefton. As Price is being checked, eyes meet Schulz's. Schulz looks at him inquisitively. Th only answer on Price's face for a split second is: "I don know". But he's got to watch himself as he is followed by Sefton. A barracks: Guards with dogs are searching under it. Another barracks: German guards throw tear gas bombs into and close the doors. The compound. All the P.O.W.s are now lined up in long li facing the Administration Building. Von Scherbach, standi on the porch flanked by the S.S. Men, his Lieutenants and Schulz, lets go with a tirade. THE CAMERA SWOOPS BACK fro his face over the lined-up P.O.W.s all the way to the sou latrine and UP AND OVER the water tank. As it now PANS IN the water tank, we see Dunbar. He is hiding in the water  tank, up to his knees in icy water. He is weak and drawn he has to hold on not to collapse.
59) 4) dialog: Everybody but Joey, and you know  who.
59) 24) dialog: How about me latching on, Price?
59) 41) dialog: We warned you, Sefton!
59) 45) dialog: We're looking at it.
59) 78) text: Price dives for the open trap door. He is caught by Duke. breaks away and flings himself at the window, tearing dow the blanket.
61) 2) text: Two P.O.W.s move in and take over. Duke moves up to Sefton.
61) 3) dialog: Brother, were we all wet about you!
61) 5) text: He strikes a match on Duke's stubbled cheek and lights th cigar. It doesn't hurt Duke a bit. He just stands there w a broad grin.
61) 19) dialog: What's the matter, Price? You said  you were going to save Dunbar, didn't  you? So now, you're getting your  chance.
66) 5) text: Stosh and Duke pull Price up off the bunk and move him to the door. He struggles and squirms.
66) 7) dialog: (to Price) Funny, ain't it? In your own Vaterland --  by your own Soldaten! (to Stosh) The kid's got no sense of humor.
67) 0) text: The bar across the door swivels up. The door is flung ope from inside. Duke and Stosh hold Price. Hoffy tears the g off his mouth.
67) 2) text: Duke and Stosh have lifted Price with all their might, an give him a terrific heave. As Price comes flying out into the compound, the tin cans clattering, the door is slamme shut. A light from a goon tower swings sharply to Price and hol him in its beam. A burst of machine gun fire splatters ar him. He scrambles to his feet, screaming.
71) 3) dialog: (puffing Sefton's  cigar) What do you know? The crud did it.
72) 0) text: Sefton and Dunbar climb swiftly up a hill through the tre Dunbar's arm is over Sefton's shoulder as they march. OVE THIS, Cookie's whistling of Johnny Comes Marching Home -- gradually augmented by drums and then an orchestra. Sefto and Dunbar march on, in time to the music. SUPERIMPOSED BEYOND THEM appear the other P.O.W.s from St 17, their spirits marching with them through the forest. in front, Stosh in his underwear, waving a makeshift flag Then comes Harry. Then Cookie. Then Triz and Blondie. The Joey, playing his ocarina in tune with the march, a smile his face. And Marko and The Crutch. Then Hoffy and Duke, all the others we have grown to know. All waving their  pathetic flags: towels, blankets and torn shirts. All mar to freedom and home, marching with Sefton and Dunbar. As MUSIC SWELLS to a crescendo --