11) 68) text: MARKO, the Inter-barrack Communications officer, has ente from the compound, followed by a one-legged P.O.W., THE  CRUTCH. Marko gets up on a stool a piece of paper in his  hand.
11) 69) dialog: (yelling) AT EASE!
11) 72) dialog: Today's Camp News! (reading) Father Murray announces that due to  local regulations the Christmas  midnight Mass will be held at seven  in the morning!
11) 74) dialog: At ease! He also says, quote: All  you sack rats better show up for the  services and no bull from anybody.  Unquote. At ease! Monday afternoon a  sailboat race will be held at the  cesspool. See Oscar Rudolph of Barrack  7 if you want to enter a yacht. Next:  Jack Cushingham and Larry Blake will  play Frank deNotta and Mike Cohen  for the pinochle championship of the  camp.
11) 76) dialog: At ease! Tuesday afternoon at two  o'clock all men from Texas will meet  behind the north latrine.
11) 78) dialog: At ease! Next: A warning from  Kommandant von Scherbach. Anybody  found throwing rocks at low-flying  German aircraft will be thrown in  the boob. At ease! At ease! (then in a lower voice) Are the doors covered?
11) 80) dialog: (to The Crutch) Okay, Steve. Give 'em the radio.
11) 82) dialog: (to Hoffy) You can keep it for two days.
11) 84) dialog: You're lucky to get it at all. The  boys are afraid the Jerries'll find  it here. This barrack is jinxed.
11) 88) dialog: What about those guys last night?  What gives in this barrack anyway?
11) 91) dialog: What's the gag?
11) 93) text: Marko shrugs and turns to Hoffy.
11) 94) dialog: Be sure to put down the news. Looks  like the Germans have started a  counter-offensive and the other  barracks want to know.
11) 95) text: Marko and The Crutch go off.
12) 0) text: The men are setting up the chicken wire, attaching one en to the barrack, and the other to a tall post: it becomes volley ball net, and in turn, an antenna. Stosh is slippi a wire through the window into the barrack. They divide i two teams, Stosh and Harry on opposite sides, and start  playing volley ball. In the background, Marko and The Cru are seen walking away.
29) 3) text: Marko, carrying a handful of letters and a book, has ente followed by The Crutch.
29) 4) dialog: Mail call!
29) 5) text: The whole barrack springs to life, everyone moving toward Marko with whistles, screams and hoorays. Joey, who keeps staring at the chess board. Sefton and Cookie go on with shave.
29) 6) dialog: At ease! At ease! First, the  Kommandant is sending every barrack  a little Christmas present. A copy  of Mein Kampf. In the words of Oberst  von Scherbach: 'Now that a German  victory is in sight, all American  prisoners are to be indoctrinated  with the teachings of der Fuehrer.  Unquote. In my own words: (he lets go with a  belch) Unquote.
29) 12) dialog: At ease! At ease!
29) 13) text: As Marko calls out the names he hands out the letters. So of the men open them immediately. Others go to their bunk to read.
29) 14) dialog: Martin. Shapiro. Price. Trzcinski.  McKay. Shapiro. Shapiro. Manfredi.
29) 15) text: There is an awkward pause, then Marko puts Manfredi's let in his pocket.
29) 16) dialog: Shapiro. Musgrove. McKay. Peterson.  Cook.
29) 18) dialog: Pirelli. Coleman. Agnew. Shapiro.
29) 20) dialog: Shapiro. Shapiro.
29) 23) dialog: McKay, Agnew. Here, Stosh.
29) 26) dialog: Give this to Joey, will you?
29) 28) text: Marko has now distributed all the letters.
29) 29) dialog: At ease! At ease! Here's a little  something from Father Murray. One to  each barrack.
29) 31) dialog: And he says he wants you cruds to  cut out all swearing during Yuletide.
29) 33) dialog: I don't know. Prayed, I guess. They  grew out of his mattress.
29) 34) text: Marko sticks the tree into one of the margarine cans.
29) 36) dialog: For that you got to pray yourself.
52) 56) text: Stosh stares at him. The truth dawns on him. He starts ba like a child. Hoffy hurries in from the compound. He is followed by Duk Marko and The Crutch.
52) 64) dialog: I'll get the men from the other  barracks.
52) 67) dialog: Easy, boys, easy. Disperse out there  nicely and always remember just  because the Krauts are dumb that  doesn't make them stupid.
53) 0) text: Several hundred P.O.W.s are casually strolling about the  compound. The CAMERA MOVES TOWARDS the Administration Bui PAST an S.S. car parked on the roadway, with the motor  running. An S.S. driver stands at the car door. Harry and Stosh stand by the car, inspecting it. CAMERA MOVES ON PA the flagpole, against which leans Duke, and ON TO the por of the Administration Building: there stands Hoffy, readi the bulletin board. Only he isn't reading it. From one co of his eye he is peeking through the window into the  Kommandant's office. Suddenly he reacts to a movement ins Without turning, he gives the signal: he throws one end o his muffler around his neck. Duke, at the flagpole, gets it and throws his muffler aro his neck, thusly relaying the signal. At the car, Harry follows suit. Marko, leaning against the north latrine, catches the sig and, still facing the compound, RAPS with his knuckles on the wooden boards.
55) 0) text: The Crutch is slowly hobbling toward the car, a thin wisp smoke curling up from his pants' leg. Out of the Administration Building emerge two S.S. Men,  leading Dunbar between them. Hoffy, standing at the bulle board, WHISTLES a few bars of the Air Force song. Dunbar  turns, sees Hoffy whistling. Hoffy doesn't look at him, b Dunbar senses that something is in the wind. He walks on  between the S.S. Men. As he is being led toward the car,  still some thirty feet away, P.O.W.s crowd in to watch hi The Crutch, hobbling on from the direction of the latrine is some twenty feet from the car. Duke straightens up from the flagpole casually, and start sauntering toward the car. The latrine. Blondie and Bagradian have moved out of the  latrine and stand there with Marko, watching the car. Harry and Stosh at the car. Stosh tightening the belt of coat, Harry pulling the barracks cap tight on his head. The driver of the car opens the door. The S.S. Men and Du are some eight feet away now. The Crutch, hobbling past the car, releases a string and smudge pot drops as he moves on. He barely makes it. Almo instantly, there is a belch of fire and smoke starts pour out of the smoke bomb. The wind billows the smoke across the car, rapidly envelo the S.S. Men and Dunbar. There are German SHOUTS from wit the smoke cloud. Duke, Harry, Stosh, Blondie, Bagradian, Marko and Hoffy m into the smoke from all sides. All now is lost in smoke.  Just silhouettes of men rushing about. SHOUTS, German  commands, SOUNDS of scuffling. From OFF a siren starts to sound. German guards come running from all corners of the compound into the cloud. In the goon towers, the guards wheel around their machine guns, but don't dare to shoot into the smoke. From the Administration Building storms von Scherbach,  followed by the two Lieutenants, Schulz and other guards. They dash into the smoke cloud, which starts lifting.
72) 0) text: Sefton and Dunbar climb swiftly up a hill through the tre Dunbar's arm is over Sefton's shoulder as they march. OVE THIS, Cookie's whistling of Johnny Comes Marching Home -- gradually augmented by drums and then an orchestra. Sefto and Dunbar march on, in time to the music. SUPERIMPOSED BEYOND THEM appear the other P.O.W.s from St 17, their spirits marching with them through the forest. in front, Stosh in his underwear, waving a makeshift flag Then comes Harry. Then Cookie. Then Triz and Blondie. The Joey, playing his ocarina in tune with the march, a smile his face. And Marko and The Crutch. Then Hoffy and Duke, all the others we have grown to know. All waving their  pathetic flags: towels, blankets and torn shirts. All mar to freedom and home, marching with Sefton and Dunbar. As MUSIC SWELLS to a crescendo --