0) 13) text: Stosh gives him a dirty look. Gets out of the bunk. He an Harry move to the little iron stove. Triz is already  dismantling the pipe above the stove. Harry and Stosh lif the stove and start inching it to one side. Hoffy moving to a large bucket of water. It is a trick jo a bucket within a bucket. He lifts out the shallow inner  part with the water. Hidden underneath are some civilian  clothes. He takes them out, crosses to Manfredi and Johns (All the dialogue in this scene in whispers, of course.)
6) 5) dialog: I bet you they make it to  Friedrichshafen all right.
6) 18) dialog: I'll take five.
7) 8) text: Duke, Triz and Blondie start climbing out, yawning and  scratching themselves.
9) 6) text: Triz reaches for Sefton's soap, but gets a sharp rap on t knuckles.
11) 9) dialog: Anyone else want potato soup?
11) 12) text: He dashes to his bunk, gets his chow can and is about to it into the tub, when he sees what Triz is doing.
11) 14) text: Triz takes the socks out. Stosh dips in his chow can.
13) 0) text: Triz has connected the antenna wire to the radio on the t able. Blondie is sitting there with the earphones on, wor the dials, Price sitting next to him with pencil and pape The others stand around waiting.
15) 7) text: Triz, who has been standing watch at the door, now sees:
17) 0) text: Triz reaches up and snaps a string. All the wash in the  barrack jumps up and down. That's the signal. Immediately the boys jump into action. Triz and Blondie  disconnect the wires. Hoffy takes the radio off the table and they all start dispersing.
29) 0) text: About twenty P.O.W.s lazing about. The sack rats in their bunks. Triz and Price playing chess, Joey looking on blan Sefton, a towel around his neck, is sitting in a chair be shaved by Cookie. Stosh, in his bunk, is carving a new oc for Joey out of wood. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY to: The electric light bulb, hanging straight and innocent on its wire.
29) 45) text: There is a fleeting smile on Joey's face. Triz, in his bunk, a crumpled letter in his hand, is mumb to himself.
29) 46) dialog: I believe it! I believe it!
29) 48) dialog: My wife. (Reading) 'Darling, you won't believe it, but  I found the most adorable baby on  our doorstep and I have decided to  keep it for our own. Now, you won't  believe it, but it's got exactly my  eyes and nose...' Why does she always  say I won't believe it? I believe  it!
42) 4) dialog: Would I like to lay my hands on him!
50) 0) text: START ON black queen now with the other chess pieces on t table. PAN UP to disclose the barrack and the electric li its cord now looped. Sefton is lying in his bunk, dressed. Cookie above him in his bunk. At the center table, Harry, Stosh, Blondie and  Bagradian are decorating the Christmas tree with their do and hand-made candles. Joey sits there watching them. Blo takes off Joey's dogtags and puts them on the tree. One o the P.O.W.s is WHISTLING Silent Night. Sitting on a stool is Triz. He is knitting a little baby' garment. He pauses as a thought disturbs him, then:
50) 1) dialog: I believe it. I believe it.
51) 23) dialog: (getting up) I'm not really built for war.
52) 0) text: The phonograph, on the center table, is playing: I Love Y About a dozen P.O.W.s are dancing with each other, among  them, Triz, leading Harry, Blondie, leading a bearded P.O The whole thing is very elegant, with new guys cutting in politely. One of the P.O.W.s sings into a mike, consistin of a stick stuck into a knothole in the table with a tin on top.
52) 2) text: Sefton, propped up in his bunk, is watching the proceedin In back of him, against the window, sits Cookie. Sefton's eyes never leave -- Price, who is near the phonograph with Pirelli and anothe P.O.W. They are supplying a makeshift jazz accompaniment, playing on a washboard, drumming on the table and strummi a bass fiddle string attached to a bucket. Sefton. There is a look of cynical amusement on his face he takes this in. A P.O.W. tags Triz to cut in. Harry holds out his arms. H is ready. But the P.O.W. dances off with Triz, leaving Ha flat. Harry looks over to Stosh. Stosh lies in his bunk, drinking what's left of the booze swiped from the distillery. He is staring at the pin-ups Grable pasted on the ceiling of his bunk.
59) 22) dialog: He can have it.
61) 0) text: Everybody is petrified. The barking dies down. Blondie an Triz hang the blanket again.
72) 0) text: Sefton and Dunbar climb swiftly up a hill through the tre Dunbar's arm is over Sefton's shoulder as they march. OVE THIS, Cookie's whistling of Johnny Comes Marching Home -- gradually augmented by drums and then an orchestra. Sefto and Dunbar march on, in time to the music. SUPERIMPOSED BEYOND THEM appear the other P.O.W.s from St 17, their spirits marching with them through the forest. in front, Stosh in his underwear, waving a makeshift flag Then comes Harry. Then Cookie. Then Triz and Blondie. The Joey, playing his ocarina in tune with the march, a smile his face. And Marko and The Crutch. Then Hoffy and Duke, all the others we have grown to know. All waving their  pathetic flags: towels, blankets and torn shirts. All mar to freedom and home, marching with Sefton and Dunbar. As MUSIC SWELLS to a crescendo --