3) 0) text: MRS. HATCHER (50's, a hand-dyed-linen-pantsuit kind of ga stands before the CHALLENGERS (mostly ethnic kids, with o notable exception, CLARKE, who sits not at a desk, but at table apart, chewing his nails) 6.
3) 1) dialog: Okay. Today we are going to start a project that will hopefully teach us that parenthood is no joke, right Sabrina? SABRINA, a very pregnant teen, shakes her head, “no”.
3) 2) dialog: Okay, everybody partner up with someone of the opposite sex. Clarke watches as the other students partner up. His face bruised from the morning beating. His lip is cut.
3) 3) dialog: Who doesn't have a partner? THREE STUDENTS, Clarke included, raise their hands.
3) 4) dialog: Okay, Benita, why don’t you move over next to Juan. And Clarke... Clarke seems resigned to the humiiiation of people not knowing what to do with him.
3) 5) dialog: »-we‘ll think of something. Clarke puts a set of headphones on his head, presses play a walkman. Melissa Manchester's ‘You Should Hear How They Talk About You’ is faintly heard. The classroom door swings open, Danielle enters, hands a slip to Mrs. Hatcher. ,
3) 6) dialog: Class, this is Danielle Edmonston, she’s joining us today, say hello... The class is completely uninterested.
3) 10) dialog: For the next six weeks you are married to your partner, and these precious sacks of flour are your bundles of joy. You will have to name your baby, change your baby, and most importantly, make sure no harm comes to him-slash-her. You will make daily entry journals of your experiences. Mrs. Hatcher sets a sack of flour between Clarke and Danielle. Danielle looks from the dumpy sack of white flo to Clarke.
6) 12) dialog: Very good guys. Clarke, Danielle, you're up. The class turns to look at Clarke and Danielle sitting at their table in the back with theix untouched sack of flou
7) 0) text: Clarke and Danielle stand before Mrs. Hatcher's desk. 18.
7) 1) dialog: Frankly, you both seem like smart kids, you shouldn’t even be in this class, but as long as you don‘t do the work, this is where you're gonna stay.
39) 2) dialog: Very nice, Danielle.
39) 4) dialog: okay.