2) 0) text: Danielle sits across from PRINCIPAL MULRAY (late 40‘s, balding).
2) 1) dialog: You must like the time we spend together.
2) 3) dialog: Your classmates. are impressionable, Miss Edmonston. Your ears might be used to that kind of talk, but most of these kids come from good families. Danielle, ignoring Principal Mulray, adjusts her bra, checking to make sure “the girls” look good. PRINCIPAL MULRAY (CONT’D) Do you have any positive males in your life? Danielle, pulis out her compact, fixes her lipstick.
2) 5) dialog: I mean...
2) 7) dialog: You are an exasperating girl, Ms, Edmonston. According to Mr. Potter, you spoke quite explicitly about male projectile.
2) 9) dialog: (correcting) Lifestyle choices.
2) 11) dialog: I’m putting you in challengers. With this news Danielle stops fidgeting.
2) 14) dialog: (correcting) Challengers. It’s either that or expulsion. Mrs. Pierce will give you your schedule.
2) 16) dialog: You're a smart girl, you just make poor choices. If you do your homework and stop being a distraction to others, you’li be back with the normal kids in no time. Danielle starts to leave. PRINCIPAL MULRAY (CONT’D) Danielle, nobody likes a dirty girl.
2) 18) dialog: (into speaker phone) Mrs. Plerce, hold my calls. Principal Mulray closes his mini blinds, sits across from Danielle’s empty chair, stares at it intently. We hear hi unzip his fly.
39) 6) dialog: You’ve come a long way Danielle. What happened to that girl who would act out at the drop of the hat? Danielle shrugs.
39) 7) dialog: Mrs. Hatcher says you're doing great, that you're more involved, says you even signed up for the talent show.
39) 11) dialog: I might be taking a risk here, but if you promise that I can trust you, I’1l put you back with the normal kids. Can I trust you?
40) 1) dialog: Let’s hear it for the Mid-City Gangsters. The Audience claps, as the boys do a choreographed bow ou a “wave”.
40) 2) dialog: And now the musical stylings of Miss Danielle Edmonston. There is mild-to-no applause. The curtain opens, revealing Danielle in spotlight behind microphone.