4) 14) dialog: Like a floatation tank.
7) 0) text: CORAZON enters the observation room. It is extremely bright. She winces, shielding her eyes.
7) 1) dialog: Icarus, dial it down a little, will you?
7) 3) dialog: +++ Captain? ASHER blinks, and rubs at his eyes.
7) 4) dialog: I’m guessing you've been talking to Searle. ASHER looks towards CORAZON, and seems to take a few mome to actually see her. ASHER . Did you send a package back?
7) 5) dialog: I did. To my husband. You?
7) 7) dialog: I didn't realise I was saying goodbye. ASHER smiles perfunctorily.
7) 9) dialog: Fine. Very high productivity. In-. fact, their productivity is going up- It will tail off dramatically when we get nearer. But in truth, we already have the reserves to make it there, and quarter-way back. (beat) : You’re thinking about Icarus One. ASHER says nothing.
7) 10) dialog: Whatever it was that tripped them up, I can tell you it wasn’t lack of oxygen. Not on the outward journey, at any rate.
12) 17) dialog: But we know that they could be- 21. All eyes on CORAZON.
12) 18) dialog: Their oxygen is self-replenishing. Water is recycled. They have all the solar power they need.
12) 31) dialog: We'll be. able to see them.
12) 55) text: It is. It’s a risk assessment. The question is, does the risk of the detour outweigh the benefits of an extra payload. MACE glances around the table. 25. CASSIE eyes are shining with tears for the crew of ICARUS ONE. HARVEY, TREY and CORAZON are with MACE. ASHER is unreadable. SEARLE is behind shades. . io CAPA is undecided. ,
14) 0) text: The atmosphere in the MESS is very subdued, and not all c are there. 28. MACE, TREY are SEARLE are absent. CASSIE is standing by the food dispenser, filling her tra CORAZON and HARVEY sit together, and, separated by the fo empty places, are ASHER and CAPA. CAPA watches CASSIE get her food. When she turns, she sees his gaze, and gives him a smile. It’s bright and friendly, but has a subtle blankness that not missed by CAPA. The moment is not resolved, because suddenly, abruptly, a ALARM is sounding. ICcARUS All flight crew report immediately to flight deck. A frozen beat - then suddenly everyone is jumping to thei feet and running for the door.
15) 30) text: MACE sits in the pilot’s seat. CORAZON stands behind the CASSIE’S copilot seat. .
23) 0) text: CASSIE sits in the pilot’s seat. CAPA is in the copilot’s seat. CORAZON watches behind. Pause. A beat. Silence. 46.
23) 7) dialog: What‘’s the atmosphere?
25) 0) text: ++. a flashlight-cam, which are watched by CAPA, CASSIE a CORAZON on the flight deck monitor.
29) 2) dialog: God damn.
35) 0) text: CASSIE and CORAZON are watching this, horrified, from HARVEY’S helmet cam. And worse, we can now hear what we couldn’t hear before. HARVEY'S desperate screaming over the radio link. CASSIE can't bear it. She lunges - switching the image of cutting out the screaming. . 59.
37) 0) text: CAPA, MACE, CASSIE and CORAZON sit in the briefing room. The empty seats say everything they need to. A long beat. Then:
37) 1) dialog: If Trey dies, we'll have the oxygen to make it to the delivery point.
44) 10) dialog: Don’t fucking look at me. CAPA keeps looking at her.
44) 11) dialog: Don’t look at me! I didn’t doa vs thing! ° But... (snaps )} --. but I fucking should have done! It’s better that he’s dead! So TI don’t care if he cut his wrists or one of us did it for him! Now we can complete what we came here for! The mission! -She looks around at the others.
44) 12) dialog: Right? No response.
44) 13) dialog: Right?
47) 23) text: : Owing to oxygen shortage, remaining crew will not survive beyond five days. CAPA ° Five days? (a moment) .-- But Corazon was certain. There are current oxygen reserves to keep four crew alive.
51) 0) text: “Outside ICARUS II, CAPA makes his way over the mirrored of the space ship. Past him, past ICARUS II, we see where the sun shines, cl and massive, dominating the view of space. Int XYGEN. EN CORAZON stands in her destroyed oxygen garden, amongst th ashes and stumps of the tree ferns. Her expression is as desolated as her garden. Above her, we see a little figure crawling across the geodesic dome. CAPA.
52) 0) text: CAPA lies on the geodesic dome, shouting, waving his arms Pointless, obviously. But for some reason, perhaps intuition, CORAZON does look
53) 0) text: CORAZON looks up at CAPA on the other side of the geodesi dome, puzzled. 76.
53) 1) dialog: Icarus - what exactly is Capa doing on the outside of the spaceship?
53) 3) dialog: «s+ Right. A beat.
53) 4) dialog: Radio link to Mace. A moment - then:
53) 6) dialog: Mace - you need to go and override the airlock door.
53) 8) dialog: You aren’t going to believe this.. but Capa appears to have locked himself out. EXT. ICAR' Lt ODESIC DOME CAPA looks down at CORAZON... ++. who gives him the thumbs up. INT. INSIDE CAPA’S HELMET Relief on CAPA’S face. Then... something else.
54) 0) text: Looking down at CORAZON, we see what CAPA sees. PINBACKER is in the oxygen garden with CORAZON. > He’s twenty or so metres away, walking towards her with t metal bar in his hands. CAPA begins to gesticulate wildly. And CORAZON doesn’t understand.
55) 0) text: CORAZON looks up at CAPA, shaking her head slightly.
55) 1) dialog: (to herself) That’s it. It’s official. He has totally lost the plot. And behind her, PINBACKER is getting nearer. Walking steadily, relaxed, no apparent need for stealth.. +++ because he is treading only on ashes, and making no sound. CAPA is gesticulating like crazy. CORAZON lifts her hand and gives CAPA a cheery wave.
55) 2) dialog: a (exaggerated mouthing of the words to allow Capa to lip-read) Yes - everything’s okay now. You can go back to the airlock... (between tight lips) +--+ you total nut case. And PINBACKER is almost on her... .+- and CORAZON hesitates in her wave. Frowns. She hasn‘t heard something. 78. She has smelled something. She turns - sees PINBACKER - and screams.
57) 2) text: ++. and see CORAZON. She has been beaten to death. A beat. A beat.
60) 18) text: And I’11 kill you too! I’m past taking fucking chances! One of you murdered Trey and Corazon! Another shot.