3) 0) text: Another two crew are asleep in their bunks, visible only silhouettes behind their frosted-glass privacy partitions We can‘t see them, but the names on their bunks read: HARVEY and TREY.
4) 21) dialog: For the moment, we can still send : package messages back. High frequency bursts will rise above — the interference, and the moon stations will pick them up okay... (beat) But it's possible that within forty eight hours we won't be able to communicate at all.
4) 23) dialog: Probable. CASSIE gives a little shiver.
5) 0) text: CAPA sits in a small cubicle, facing a screen, which show his own face looking back at him. The image on the screen is frozen, and of low resolution. The door to the cubicle is clear glass, and behind it we see the COMMUNICATION CENTER. In the Comms Center are MAC TREY and HARVEY. They are talking, but the glass door is fully soundproofed and we can’t hear what they’re saying. CAPA hits a button on the console in front of.him, and th image on the screen begins to play.
8) 0) text: CLOSE UP on: ‘> The faces of CAPA and MACE. They are right next to each other, temples crushed togeth Both men are straining, teeth gritted, eyes blazing. It takes a moment to realise they are FIGHTING in the COMMUNICATION CENTER. MACE - much bigger and stronger than CAPA - has CAPA in a headlock. | MACE suddenly swings CAPA around in a judo throw and slam him hard onto the floor. Then he’s on CAPA, swinging his fist, punching CAPA in th face... Then he’s being hauled off by HARVEY and TREY.
8) 3) dialog: Mace! Cut it out!
9) 7) dialog: Icarus Two to Moon Stations. This package timed at fifteen thirty two, day four hundred and eight four, comms delay at five minutes and seventeen seconds. Total radio silence now for four hours and eleven minutes. Please respond. Long beat. -
9) 8) dialog: Icarus Two to Moon Stations. This package timed at fifteen thirty three, day four eight four, comms delay at five minutes and seventeen seconds. Total radio silence now for four hours and... HARVEY breaks off.
9) 9) dialog: Twelve minutes. Long beat.
9) 10) dialog: Please respond.
9) 14) dialog: (quiet) Okay. {beat} . Moon stations. This is Icarus Two. Signing out. HARVEY hits a button and the sound of the static cuts dea Now we can only hear the SOLAR WIND. The noise is strange, abstract but almost melodic. HARVEY remains sitting in his chair, listening. Ex®. ICARUS IT Hearing the SOLAR WIND, seeing the NORTHERN LIGHTS effect -.- Leoking down through the Geodesic dome, where CORAZON kneels by her plants... Then looks straight up at us... cut TO:
12) 0) text: HARVEY sits in his chair, dozing with his chin on his che We notice HARVEY has a few days stubble showing. Over the speakers is the sound of the SOLAR WINDS. Then, through the noise we hear: Faintly, a steady series of regularly spaced tenes. On, o on, off. CLOSE UP on HARVEY‘’S face. Hearing the noise through his sleep... +.. waking.
12) 5) dialog: Twenty three hours ago, while making a routine check of the comms systems... MACE laughs dryly.
12) 7) dialog: ++. While scanning the frequencies, I heard a transmission. All react - including Mace. 20.
12) 8) dialog: It was hard to filter through the high background interference, but after a little time and effort, I Managed to clean it up. (beat) - Icarus. Please play the audio ts file.
12) 10) dialog: End file. The AUDIO FILE stops.
12) 12) dialog: It’s the Icarus One. And that sound is their distress beacon. Stunned silence in the Briefing room. Then:
12) 50) dialog: You’re assuming we'd be able to pilot Icarns One.
12) 55) text: It is. It’s a risk assessment. The question is, does the risk of the detour outweigh the benefits of an extra payload. MACE glances around the table. 25. CASSIE eyes are shining with tears for the crew of ICARUS ONE. HARVEY, TREY and CORAZON are with MACE. ASHER is unreadable. SEARLE is behind shades. . io CAPA is undecided. ,
14) 0) text: The atmosphere in the MESS is very subdued, and not all c are there. 28. MACE, TREY are SEARLE are absent. CASSIE is standing by the food dispenser, filling her tra CORAZON and HARVEY sit together, and, separated by the fo empty places, are ASHER and CAPA. CAPA watches CASSIE get her food. When she turns, she sees his gaze, and gives him a smile. It’s bright and friendly, but has a subtle blankness that not missed by CAPA. The moment is not resolved, because suddenly, abruptly, a ALARM is sounding. ICcARUS All flight crew report immediately to flight deck. A frozen beat - then suddenly everyone is jumping to thei feet and running for the door.
15) 9) dialog: You didn’t reset the shields to the new angle. A beat.
15) 10) dialog: Jesus Christ, Trey. How could you have failed to do that? All eyes on TREY.
15) 20) dialog: It’s a two man job.
16) 0) text: ASHER and CAPA are alone in the airlock, fully suited. HARVEY and CASSIE watch from the outside, as... 33.
16) 21) dialog: Good work, guys.
19) 1) dialog: The breakdown is as follows. As second in command, I am now the captain of Icarus Two. (beat) . Trey is sedated in the med-center. Dr Searle has diagnosed him as a suicide risk. And having seen him, . I don’t think any of us would question that diagnosis. (beat) (MORE)
19) 2) text: HARVEY (cont’d) Thanks to both Asher and Capa, our shields are intact. As is the payload. We don’t have a problem there. HARVEY lets that sink in a moment before the bombshell,
19) 3) dialog: But the fern garden is totally destroyed. In addition, a large amount of oxygen was burned in the fire. As it stands now, we have do not have enough oxygen reserves to get us to our payload delivery point, let alone to survive the return journey. HARVEY pauses.
22) 0) text: Arriving half-way inte a stand-up row between HARVEY and in the AIRLOCK.
22) 3) dialog: If there is anyone left alive on - Icarus One, they may need the attentions of a doctor.
22) 5) dialog: Mace - I’m going in there. And : he’s going in there. And so are you.
22) 7) dialog: With him. And here‘s why. : Because I’m the captain of this ship, and I’m commander of this mission, and I’m giving you a direct order. A moment.
23) 12) dialog: {over radio link) We got it. 47.
26) 1) dialog: sae The air tastes... fine.
26) 7) dialog: I’m not sure that’s a good idea.
26) 10) dialog: Okay, okay. Mace, head for the flight deck. See if she can fly. Searle, check the crew's quarters and the med center. I’11 check the oxygen garden. z US 0) MACE moves down a dark corridor with his flashlight. He stops. He’s seen something. Kneels down. A pair of broken sunglasses.
27) 2) dialog: {over radio link) I think I just found the crew.
28) 0) text: HARVEY stands in the ICARUS I oxygen garden. The plants have covered the entire area, right up to the geodesic dome, seven years of unchecked growth. From the dome and the top canopy, moisture drops like a l rain. Where HARVEY stands are several graves, each marked by an upright post which bears their name-tags.
28) 2) dialog: I count five. Leaves three.
32) 0) text: Outside the airlock chamber, CAPA presses his face to the glass. He can see that the airlock door is open to outer space. And he can see the airlock door of ICARUS I, which is als open, and the reason for the sound of tearing metal we he Around the door of ICARUS I the skin of the ship has been ripped open, revealing the hull structure beneath. Tf. ICARI I/OUTSIDE AIRLOCK MACE is arriving at the airlock. SEARLE and HARVEY have already made it there.
33) 4) dialog: We're fucked.
34) 0) text: HARVEY and MACE are both suited, except for the helmets. SEARLE has HARVEY'S ready. HARVEY can hardly meet SEARLE’S gaze.
34) 1) dialog: Searle - I...
34) 4) dialog: (over radio link) I’m ready. HARVEY opens the door to the airlock. Immediately, both men are sucked out, into the airlock... +.. then ejected through the broken outer door of the airlock, and into outer space.
35) 0) text: CASSIE and CORAZON are watching this, horrified, from HARVEY’S helmet cam. And worse, we can now hear what we couldn’t hear before. HARVEY'S desperate screaming over the radio link. CASSIE can't bear it. She lunges - switching the image of cutting out the screaming. . 59.
36) 0) text: Back to silence again... --- as HARVEY slips past ICARUS II, into the sunlight, an burns up in an instant.