2) 0) text: +++ a SPACESHIP is heading towards the sun. The ship is curved and organic in its design, with bulky flanks that look as if they can detach from the rest of t vessel. Most striking of all, the ship is covered in mirrored pan similar to fish scales. The mirrored panels cover the entire surface of the ship, except for the window portals, and a geodesic dome situat towards the back. These portals and the dome are construc with a thick half-mirrored glass. The distances involved are so huge between the ship and t sun that it hardly seems to be moving. But as we get closer, and we see space dust and particle flash past or colliding with the huli, detonating and bur under the impact and friction, we realise that in fact th ship is travelling at an extraordinarily fast speed. On the SPACESHIP’S side is its name: ICARUS II. Ir REAT I! ROOM In the RECREATION ROOM of the ICARUS II, two men sit eith side of a small table, arms folded, their faces a picture deep thought. The first, and older, of these two men is CAPTAIN ASHER. ICARUS II is under his command. He’s a career astronaut. Implacable, calm, experienced. The younger of the two men is CAPA. CAPA is a career physicist. In contrast to ASHER, CAPA is thin, young, ner and looks unkempt. He has a couple of weeks beard-growth, and his hair is a bedraggled. Between them is a CHESS BOARD - sparse pieces, scattered. The end game. Silence. No movement from either of them. The moment is held. And held. Finally, CAPA puffs out his cheeks and expelsa loud sigh. He reaches for his KING, and tips it over. He has RESIGNED. ASHER nods.
4) 0) text: The Observation room is three walls and a huge window. Th room is at the most forward position of the ICARUS II, therefore this window faces the sun. But the window is darkened greatly. The sun is only visible as a dull orange orb surrounded b blackness. The room itself is only lit by the dull orange... «++ but in the gloom, sitting on the observation couch, facing the window, we can see a man. SEARLE - the doctor and psychiatrist of ICARUS II.
4) 2) dialog: Yes, Doctor Searle.
4) 7) dialog: At this distance of thirty six million miles, you are observing the sun at two percent of full brightness. —
6) 0) text: ICARUS iI flies through space. With an effect similar to Northern Lights, the glow of th SOLAR WIND kicks up and flickers around the hull.
7) 2) dialog: Yes, Corazon. The light fades to a lower level, revealing something tha was too bright to see previously... sitting on the observation couch is CAPTAIN ASHER. li. His eyes are wide, a little glazed. He looks almost in a trance.
11) 0) text: Stunning views of the sun-blasted planet... «+. in space... +-» illuminated by the sun... +++ then MERCURY and ICARUS II and the SUN behind.
12) 9) dialog: Yes, Harvey. Over the speaker system, the AUDIO FILE begins to play. As before, we hear the regularly spaced tones come throug the static and SOLAR WIND.
12) 55) text: It is. It’s a risk assessment. The question is, does the risk of the detour outweigh the benefits of an extra payload. MACE glances around the table. 25. CASSIE eyes are shining with tears for the crew of ICARUS ONE. HARVEY, TREY and CORAZON are with MACE. ASHER is unreadable. SEARLE is behind shades. . io CAPA is undecided. ,
15) 0) text: All except SEARLE arrive at the flight deck, to find MACE TREY checking a HOLOGRAM SCHEMATIC of the ICARUS II.
15) 31) text: : Okay, Icarus. I’m going to be taking manual control here for a while.
15) 32) dialog: Yes, Mace.
15) 35) dialog: Yes, Mace. Behind MACE, TREY sits by the navigation table. CLOSE UP on Trey’s face as MACE says:
16) 3) dialog: On the dark, shaded side of ICARUS II, ASHER and CAPA eme All conversation is heard over radio links.
16) 9) dialog: ASHER and CAPA move down ICARUS II, away from the airlock Revealing...
16) 24) dialog: Resuming computer control of Icarus Two. 36. MACE and CASSIE exchange a glance.
16) 26) dialog: Negative, Mace. Computer control. Returning vessel to original > rotation.
16) 29) dialog: Negative.
16) 31) dialog: Mission in jeopardy. Override command statement one-oh-oh-one-ch- one. Manual flight controls removed.
16) 33) dialog: Fire in oxygen garden.
16) 34) dialog: CAPA moves away as the last half-upright scale is release and moves to the fully upright position. He looks around and watches as ICARUS II slowly rotates.. And sees... 37. .+. as the ship is rotating, the area taking the full imp of the sun and solar-winds is moving around to their position.
21) 0) text: ICARUS I floats in space. A similar design to ICARUS II, but older, rougher. It seems derelict, lifeless. But as we move around the ship, we see the geodesic dome, inside it, thick greenery. And between the greenery, what looks like an internal lig Then, continuing around the ship, revealing... ICARUS II, sun-lit, closing in on ICARUS I at approach sp
23) 2) dialog: Contact failed. Computer system of ~ Icarus I has been disabled. °
23) 4) dialog: Reasons unknown. Impossible to establish the cause remotely.
23) 6) dialog: There is power on Icarus I. Solar harvest at full capacity, without detectable malfunction.
23) 8) dialog: Oxygen rich. Fully breathable and life-supporting.
23) 10) dialog: Unknown. Impossible to establish xemotely.
24) 0) text: Inside the AZRLOCK of ICARUS I. The design of the interior of ICARUS I is similar to ICAR Iz, but feels slightly more dated, clearly an earlier mod The airlock is dark, half-lit... +++ until the airlock opens, revealing the bright interio the ICARUS II airlock, and the three men about to board. Each carry flashlights, which also hold...
28) 0) text: HARVEY stands in the ICARUS I oxygen garden. The plants have covered the entire area, right up to the geodesic dome, seven years of unchecked growth. From the dome and the top canopy, moisture drops like a l rain. Where HARVEY stands are several graves, each marked by an upright post which bears their name-tags.
29) 0) text: MACE is looking at the pilot’s seat of the ICARUS I fligh deck, : In the pilot’s seat is a desiccated corpse. ~ Without insects and maggots to strip the flesh, the dry s is stretched tight over the skull, as if mummified.
30) 0) text: fhe door to the ICARUS I comms room opens, revealing MACE MACE goes straight over to the COMMS CUBICLE and opens th partition.
31) 11) dialog: Affirmative, Cassie.
32) 0) text: Outside the airlock chamber, CAPA presses his face to the glass. He can see that the airlock door is open to outer space. And he can see the airlock door of ICARUS I, which is als open, and the reason for the sound of tearing metal we he Around the door of ICARUS I the skin of the ship has been ripped open, revealing the hull structure beneath. Tf. ICARI I/OUTSIDE AIRLOCK MACE is arriving at the airlock. SEARLE and HARVEY have already made it there.
36) 0) text: Back to silence again... --- as HARVEY slips past ICARUS II, into the sunlight, an burns up in an instant.
43) 0) text: SEARLE looks at a frozen distortion of CAPA’S face. The only sound is static and solar wind. Phen the image goes completely. SEARLE is utterly alone. He looks at his digital watch. Int. I DI SEARLE sits at the flight deck. - He hits a button. A string of numbers flash up on the HUD: 57600.00 SEARLE hits another button. The string of numbers starts counting down. SEARLE sets his digital watch to match the countdown. NT. I zr ss SEARLE sits in the Mess. We see at once he has a few days beard growth. 63. He has a plate of yellow food paste and a glass of water. He eats his meal quietly, unhurried. iT. ICARUS I/OXYGEN GARDEN SEARLE’S beard now shows a fortnight of growth. a He is trimming back dead fern fronds. The garden looks well tended and under control. NT. ICARI I/PA’ SA SEARLE, with several weeks. of beard growth, opens the do of a huge hanger. We haven’t been here before, on: either ICARUS I or II. . It is the payload bay. And in the middle of the bay is the STELLAR FISSION BOMB. The BOMB is a CUBE, Smooth, featureless, . flawless. Each of its sides are MIRRORED. +--+ and each of its sides are the length of a football p SEARLE stands before it, completely dwarfed by the size. SEARLE checks his watch. The number is 00006.12 SEARLE walks up to the FISSION BOMB and presses it. He has triggered a hidden door on the smooth surface, whi opens. Inside there is only darkness. SEARLE steps inside, and the door closes behind him, returning to the featureless mirror it was before.
44) 1) dialog: ICARUS II flies through dark space. Seconds later, behind ICARUS II, there is the biggest explosion in Science Fiction history. For a moment, it as if a new sun has been born. Then, almost as fast as it came into being, the fabric of small star begins to split and pull itself apart, and dissipate... 65. +e. until it is gone.
46) 2) dialog: Yes, Capa. The lights comes down to a dull glow. CAPA steps inside.
47) 3) dialog: Yes, Capa.
47) 5) dialog: Please rephrase the question. How long to go until what?
47) 7) dialog: The payload delivery point will be reached in seven days.
47) 9) dialog: Glad of what, Capa?
47) 12) dialog: That is true, Capa. It will bea ene way trip.
47) 14) dialog: Negative.
47) 16) dialog: Negative. I will not be able to make the return journey and deliver your corpses. I will be piloting the stellar fission bomb into the sun.
47) 18) dialog: I will be piloting the stellar...
47) 20) dialog: Directive one: deliver the payload. Directive two: ensure crew's survival on outward journey in order to safeguard against computer malfunction and system error and unforeseen circumstances. Directive three: if the crew do not survive the outward journey, Icarus II will deliver the payload itself.
47) 27) dialog: Negative.
47) 29) dialog: Five crew members. CAPA'’S face. Sudden cold realisation. Dawning.
47) 32) dialog: Unknown. . A long beat.
47) 34) dialog: In the observation room. Pull back to reveal, BEHIND CAPA, a dark figure. In the gloom we can’t see him clearly, but we know who it We've seen the silhouette before. .
50) 3) dialog: Access denied. Interior pressure door is manually locked from the other side. A moment, as PINBACKER and CAPA face each other through t glass... : --- and we see the PINBACKER’S face clearly for the first time since we saw him on the broadcast. In comparison with before, PINBACKER’S skin is so sun-dam and eaten with melanomas we can hardly recognise him. The moment is held. Then: PINBACKER lifts his hand and presses the panel on his sid the door. Then: PINBACKER turns, and leaves. A beat. oo CAPA Yeah! That’s it! Can’t get me, you psycho! Silence. CAPA peers through the glass. PINBACKER definitely seems to have gone. Cautiously, CAPA presses the panel on his side of the doo And nothing happens.
50) 7) dialog: Access denied. Interior pressure door in manually locked from the other side. PINBACKER has locked CAPA in.
50) 10) dialog: Radio comms to airlock has been Manually closed down. CAPA slams his fist against the glass.
51) 0) text: “Outside ICARUS II, CAPA makes his way over the mirrored of the space ship. Past him, past ICARUS II, we see where the sun shines, cl and massive, dominating the view of space. Int XYGEN. EN CORAZON stands in her destroyed oxygen garden, amongst th ashes and stumps of the tree ferns. Her expression is as desolated as her garden. Above her, we see a little figure crawling across the geodesic dome. CAPA.
53) 2) dialog: Capa was unable to open the airlock door. The door is manually sealed. I have no directive to break the manual seal of the airlock unless commanded by ship’s superior officer, in order to allow airlock to function as brig in emergencies.
57) 4) dialog: Last confirmed location of Cassie in the payload bay. Current location uncertain. ” CAPA Where is Pinbacker?
57) 5) dialog: Last confirmed location on the flight deck. Current location uncertain. My monitoring systems are being shut down.
57) 7) dialog: Radio link functions have been shut down.
60) 0) text: Similar to the PAYLOAD BAY of ICARUS I. Cavernous, and in the middle is the vast mirrored cube of STELLAR FISSION BOMB. CAPA stands motionless. Standing further into the PAYLOAD BAY is MACE.
63) 0) text: MACE is bandaged. CAPA is beside him. Both are looking in at the compartment which holds ICARUS memory banks. They are destroyed, in the same manner as the destruction the computer on ICARUS I. 89.
64) 5) dialog: The bodies tumble out into space, and burn into nothingne almost at once. We see that the ICARUS II has virtually reached the sun.