30) 4) dialog: I’m not calling for help. Even if the message reached Earth through the solar winds, I know help wouldn't come. I’m only making this recording because... I don’t know. I suppose I’m thinking that one day, maybe in ten years, maybe in ten million, someone might find it. And right now, that seems like @ good enough reason to me. INT. iS _I GEN N HARVEY listens over the radio link.
30) 5) dialog: (over radio link) The mission of my ship, the Icarus, was to deliver a payload into the heart of the sun. (MORE)
30) 6) text: PINBACKER (cont’d) A vast stellar fission bomb, to kick-start the chain reactions that have been gradually losing their power. To stop the development of the red dwarf. To keep the sun shining.
31) 1) dialog: (over radio link) We have failed in that mission. I think there will be time and materials for Earth to construct and send a second fission bomb, but I suspect that mission will fail too. It will fail for the same reason as ours. I think it is inevitable. INT. ICARUS T/C iS_ROO! CLOSE UP on the cubicle screen, and PINBACKER.
31) 2) dialog: In fact, ultimately, I know it is inevitable. PINBACKER pauses.
31) 3) dialog: This is the truth you realise. The. truth you must realise. The truth you can only realise... PINBACKER moves slightly, away from the camera. 53. And where he was previously back-lit, now light falls on and reveals... --. that his face is like a much advanced version of SEARLE'S. The skin is ravaged, cracked, split. Spread across the surface are constellations of blisters melanomas, some burned to blackness, some bright red, ope and raw. 54. only his eyes, and the skin around his eyes, white from t protection of sunglasses, are undamaged.
31) 4) dialog: +». when you look into.the face of God.
47) 35) dialog: And as CAPA whirls around, rising off the sofa, PINBACKER swiping something through the air. A length of something. A metal bar. It hits CAPA around the side of the head, and CAPA is sen crashing to the floor. Dazed, he scrambles backwards. He looks up. PINBACKER is there, about to bring the bar down in a kill blow. CAPA raises his hands just in time, and the bar connects sickeningly on CAPA'S arm. CAPA screams in pain. PINBACKER raises the bar again.
49) 0) text: CAPA runs. He looks behind him - and sees PINBACKER’S black, smoking figure running after him. CAPA ducks through a door.
50) 0) text: CAPA has run into the AIRLOCK. A total dead end. Panic on CAPA’S face. CAPA turns and sees PINBACKER entering the airlock.
54) 0) text: Looking down at CORAZON, we see what CAPA sees. PINBACKER is in the oxygen garden with CORAZON. > He’s twenty or so metres away, walking towards her with t metal bar in his hands. CAPA begins to gesticulate wildly. And CORAZON doesn’t understand.
62) 0) text: CAPA reaches the top of the ladder, and swings around to stand on the narrow walkway. Where he sees... ++. a strange sight. PINBACKER stands on the walkway, with his hand outstretch Holding’on to his hand, leaning back at ‘an angle, is CAS It is only PINBACKER’S grip that is preventing CASSIE fro falling backwards. For a moment, the two stand on the edge of the walkway -— CASSIE held from falling by PINBACKER’S grip. Their gazes are locked. Then CASSIE makes a slight movement backwards - a slight slip. And she sees: something weird and initially inexplicable band of bright redness around PINBACKER’S upper arm. Expanding...
62) 9) dialog: You mean to... PINBACKER breaks off. Perhaps halted by the pain of speaking. . Then he continues.
62) 10) dialog: You mean to ask, what is God? If you look at God, you see his face. : CAPA ; Okay. Yes. That is what I mean. What is God? PINBACKER ; God is what gave us life and God is what will take it away. God is the sun.
62) 13) dialog: Do you know the distance between here and the next nearest star?
62) 15) dialog: One point six light years. No matter what mankind does, no matter how far we develop or evolve, we will never reach that star. The distances are simply to great. PINBACKER smiles. 87.
62) 16) dialog: And even if we could overcome that impossibility, we would still only be delaying the inevitable. Because just as our sun died, so would the next, and the next. Until eventually, there would be no more suns to harvest, and we'd be . right back where we are now. Facing extinction. Confronting the only real truth. PINBACKER pauses. And we - and CAPA - see something that PINBACKER does not Standing behind him - battered, bleeding, clutching a han his -chest with one hand, but still alive - is MACE. And in MACE’S other hand, he’s holding CASSIE’S gun. MACE is trying to raise the gun. Weakly. Slowly. CAPA stalls for more time.
62) 18) dialog: That all this effort to survive is wasted. It’s not in our destiny to survive. It’s not even in our nature. As PINBACKER talks, the gun is being raised higher.
62) 19) dialog: None of us do it. Not our parents. — Not our children. Not the fishes, or the birds, or the trees. Not even God. And now, the gun is levelled at the back of PINBACKER’S h
62) 20) dialog: The only thing in our nature is to die.
62) 26) dialog: By all means. MACE fires. PINBACKER is shot in the face. The back of his head flies off, and he folds to the floor Dead. MACE slumps to his knees. The gun drops out of his hand.