4) 0) text: The Observation room is three walls and a huge window. Th room is at the most forward position of the ICARUS II, therefore this window faces the sun. But the window is darkened greatly. The sun is only visible as a dull orange orb surrounded b blackness. The room itself is only lit by the dull orange... «++ but in the gloom, sitting on the observation couch, facing the window, we can see a man. SEARLE - the doctor and psychiatrist of ICARUS II.
4) 1) dialog: Icarus. + The ELECTRONIC VOICE, the voice of ICARUS, replies
4) 3) dialog: Please re-filter the observation room portal.
4) 5) dialog: Up- «+. And the light levels dial up. The room brightens considerably. We can see SEARLE clearl now. He is the oldest crew-member - in his mid-forties. He gazes at the sun, fascinated. Though still distant, th star is much larger and closer than we have ever seen it Earth. SEARLE is as hypnotised by the sight as we were during th opening sequence.
4) 6) dialog: Icarus - how close is this to full brightness?
4) 8) dialog: (smiling) Two percent... Can you show me four percent?
4) 10) dialog: Icarus - please change filter to three point oné percent. An amazing blast of bleaching brightness fills the room. SEARLE sucks in a gasp, like a man diving into ice water. FADE TO WHITE. NT. In the MESS, the entire crew of ICARUS II are sitting dow eat. . SEARLE sits with CAPA and CORAZON.
4) 11) dialog: It's invigorating. It’s like taking a shower. In light.
4) 13) dialog: It is. You lose yourself a little.
4) 15) dialog: Actually, no. For psych-tests on deep space, I’ve run many sensory deprivation trials, testing total darkness in floatation tanks. The point about darkness is: you float in it. You and the darkness are distinct from each other because darkness is a vacuum, an absence of something, whereas we are something. SEARLE pauses.
4) 16) dialog: But total light - it envelopes you. It swallows you up. It becomes you. SEARLE laughs.
4) 17) dialog: Anyway. It’s very strange.. I recommend it. MACE is passing with his tray of food.
12) 26) dialog: Well done, Capa. That is the question.
12) 34) dialog: (quick) Yes?
12) 41) dialog: May I put a counter argument?
12) 43) dialog: Captain?
12) 45) dialog: It would, of course, be absurd to alter our course to assist the crew of the Icarus One. (MORE)
12) 47) text: Silence. 24. SEARLE (cont'd) Even if we knew that some or even all of the crew still alive, their lives are entirely expendable when seen in the context of our mission. As are our own lives.
12) 49) dialog: But. There is something on the Icarus One that may be worth the detour. As you pointed out, Mace, we have a payload to deliver. ‘A’ payload, singular. And everything about the delivery and effectiveness of that payload is entirely theoretical. Simply put, we don’t know if it’s going to work. But what we do know is this. {beat) If we had two payloads, we would have two chances.
12) 51) dialog: Yes.
12) 53) dialog: Yes.
12) 55) text: It is. It’s a risk assessment. The question is, does the risk of the detour outweigh the benefits of an extra payload. MACE glances around the table. 25. CASSIE eyes are shining with tears for the crew of ICARUS ONE. HARVEY, TREY and CORAZON are with MACE. ASHER is unreadable. SEARLE is behind shades. . io CAPA is undecided. ,
12) 57) dialog: No. We won’t. Because we aren't a democracy. We're a collection of astronauts and scientists. So we will make the most informed decision available to us.
14) 0) text: The atmosphere in the MESS is very subdued, and not all c are there. 28. MACE, TREY are SEARLE are absent. CASSIE is standing by the food dispenser, filling her tra CORAZON and HARVEY sit together, and, separated by the fo empty places, are ASHER and CAPA. CAPA watches CASSIE get her food. When she turns, she sees his gaze, and gives him a smile. It’s bright and friendly, but has a subtle blankness that not missed by CAPA. The moment is not resolved, because suddenly, abruptly, a ALARM is sounding. ICcARUS All flight crew report immediately to flight deck. A frozen beat - then suddenly everyone is jumping to thei feet and running for the door.
15) 0) text: All except SEARLE arrive at the flight deck, to find MACE TREY checking a HOLOGRAM SCHEMATIC of the ICARUS II.
17) 4) dialog: (intense) Can you see it? . INST HER’ ASHER’S face as he watches the sunlight get closer.
17) 5) dialog: (over radio link) Can you see it?
26) 2) dialog: Its tastes good. MACE has found a control panel, which he uses... and the lights in the airlock come on.
26) 4) dialog: (feeling around with his hands like a blind man) Do they? 48. A beat.
26) 5) dialog: (lowering his hands) C’mon guys. Just trying to lighten the mood. :
26) 9) dialog: Mace is right, captain. Icarus One is a big ship. If we're going to search it effectively...
27) 0) text: SEARLE enters the Mess. He uses the contxol panel beside the door, and lights com on, revealing... +++ that the dining room is showroom clean. 49. He walks over to the food dispenser. He presses the button for water - and a steady stream spi out from the tap. Then he presses one of the food dispenser buttons. Chicken. . A yellow paste oozes out of the nozzle, and coils where a plate should he. With his finger, SEARLE dips his finger into the paste an gives it a taste.
31) 0) text: SEARLE listens over the radio link.
32) 0) text: Outside the airlock chamber, CAPA presses his face to the glass. He can see that the airlock door is open to outer space. And he can see the airlock door of ICARUS I, which is als open, and the reason for the sound of tearing metal we he Around the door of ICARUS I the skin of the ship has been ripped open, revealing the hull structure beneath. Tf. ICARI I/OUTSIDE AIRLOCK MACE is arriving at the airlock. SEARLE and HARVEY have already made it there.
33) 7) dialog: It seems I’11 be staying behind then.
34) 0) text: HARVEY and MACE are both suited, except for the helmets. SEARLE has HARVEY'S ready. HARVEY can hardly meet SEARLE’S gaze.
34) 2) dialog: I know. The helmet comes down over HARVEY, and SEARLE locks it do Leaving MACE. 57. SEARLE takes the helmet over to MACE. MACE looks straight into SEARLE’S eyes, meeting the gaze evenly. Something between them. Something about the fact that the both know SEARLE is going to die. And something about the power that SEARLE has over MACE a that moment - if he refuses to lock the helmet. “But neither say a word. And the helmet goes down, and SEARLE locks it into place. Int. ICARUS I/OUTSIDE AIRLOCK SEARLE is gone. — MACE and HARVEY are alone.
42) 0) text: CAPA is in the COMMS CENTER. In the cubicle, he is talking to SEARLE. The image is poor. The sound is distorted, and through it can hear the solar wind.
42) 2) dialog: You aren’t going to have a return journey. CAPA ignores this.
42) 4) dialog: Capa - let me ask you something. Why do you think survival is so important? Why do we give it such a high premium? ° (beat) I’m no longer interested in — survival. I have other plans.
42) 6) dialog: To die in the epicentre of a stellar fission bomb explosion. The image is lost suddenly. Then returns a few moments later. 62-
42) 7) dialog: I’m giving you enough time to make sufficient distance from the detonation. I think a few million miles should do it. The image is going again. The sound distorting. Before it goes completely... SEARLE . It’s true, Capa. What Pinbacker said. It’s gone.
43) 0) text: SEARLE looks at a frozen distortion of CAPA’S face. The only sound is static and solar wind. Phen the image goes completely. SEARLE is utterly alone. He looks at his digital watch. Int. I DI SEARLE sits at the flight deck. - He hits a button. A string of numbers flash up on the HUD: 57600.00 SEARLE hits another button. The string of numbers starts counting down. SEARLE sets his digital watch to match the countdown. NT. I zr ss SEARLE sits in the Mess. We see at once he has a few days beard growth. 63. He has a plate of yellow food paste and a glass of water. He eats his meal quietly, unhurried. iT. ICARUS I/OXYGEN GARDEN SEARLE’S beard now shows a fortnight of growth. a He is trimming back dead fern fronds. The garden looks well tended and under control. NT. ICARI I/PA’ SA SEARLE, with several weeks. of beard growth, opens the do of a huge hanger. We haven’t been here before, on: either ICARUS I or II. . It is the payload bay. And in the middle of the bay is the STELLAR FISSION BOMB. The BOMB is a CUBE, Smooth, featureless, . flawless. Each of its sides are MIRRORED. +--+ and each of its sides are the length of a football p SEARLE stands before it, completely dwarfed by the size. SEARLE checks his watch. The number is 00006.12 SEARLE walks up to the FISSION BOMB and presses it. He has triggered a hidden door on the smooth surface, whi opens. Inside there is only darkness. SEARLE steps inside, and the door closes behind him, returning to the featureless mirror it was before.
44) 0) text: Darkness. 64. Then a light - from a glow-stick lamp in SEARLE'S hands. SEARLE is faintly illuminated, but still surrounded by to darkness. SEARLE walks. Then stops, and sits cross-legged on the floor. He checks his watch a last time. The countdown is at 00000.07 The last seven seconds pass. The timer runs out. --- And for a few moments, nothing happens. Then, in the middle of the chamber, directly above where SEARLE sits, a single SPARK appears in the air. It fizzes and pops, but remains in roughly the same locat moving like a firefly. Then, suddenly, the SPARK splité into TWO SPARKS. SEARLE‘S FACE - his expression is pure delight. The fizzing SPARKS double again to four... Then four to eight, then sixteen, then thirty two, sixty four... ++. and suddenly the SPARKS are multiplying with exponent speed. cur TO: