3) 0) text: Another two crew are asleep in their bunks, visible only silhouettes behind their frosted-glass privacy partitions We can‘t see them, but the names on their bunks read: HARVEY and TREY.
5) 0) text: CAPA sits in a small cubicle, facing a screen, which show his own face looking back at him. The image on the screen is frozen, and of low resolution. The door to the cubicle is clear glass, and behind it we see the COMMUNICATION CENTER. In the Comms Center are MAC TREY and HARVEY. They are talking, but the glass door is fully soundproofed and we can’t hear what they’re saying. CAPA hits a button on the console in front of.him, and th image on the screen begins to play.
8) 0) text: CLOSE UP on: ‘> The faces of CAPA and MACE. They are right next to each other, temples crushed togeth Both men are straining, teeth gritted, eyes blazing. It takes a moment to realise they are FIGHTING in the COMMUNICATION CENTER. MACE - much bigger and stronger than CAPA - has CAPA in a headlock. | MACE suddenly swings CAPA around in a judo throw and slam him hard onto the floor. Then he’s on CAPA, swinging his fist, punching CAPA in th face... Then he’s being hauled off by HARVEY and TREY.
8) 1) dialog: Mace ~ what the Hell are you doing?
10) 0) text: CASSIE sits in the pilot’s seat. Her dog-eared copy of LADY CHATTERLY’S LOVER is face down the console, folded open about two thirds through the tex She has a wide portal in front of her, similar to the por to the Observation Room, but this is cluttered with the symbols and readings of a HEADS UP DISPLAY. Behind her, TREY - the Navigation Officer - sits at a bac lit NAVIGATION DISPLAY. 17.
10) 3) dialog: (distracted) What?
10) 6) dialog: What am I supposed to be seeing? The radiation level? Hull temperature?
12) 14) dialog: It’s impossible. It’s seven years since... a HARVEY (cutting in) It’s clearly not impossible because you can hear the beacon with your own ears.
12) 33) dialog: But...
12) 35) dialog: Well - I’d need to look at all of this pretty carefully. Very carefully. But... if I had to make a guess right now... (takes a deep breath) I’d say we could adjust our trajectory. We could fly straight to them. All eyes
12) 39) dialog: He's right.
12) 52) dialog: Which is assuming that whatever stopped them completing the miséion wasn’t a fault or damage to the spaceship.
12) 55) text: It is. It’s a risk assessment. The question is, does the risk of the detour outweigh the benefits of an extra payload. MACE glances around the table. 25. CASSIE eyes are shining with tears for the crew of ICARUS ONE. HARVEY, TREY and CORAZON are with MACE. ASHER is unreadable. SEARLE is behind shades. . io CAPA is undecided. ,
14) 0) text: The atmosphere in the MESS is very subdued, and not all c are there. 28. MACE, TREY are SEARLE are absent. CASSIE is standing by the food dispenser, filling her tra CORAZON and HARVEY sit together, and, separated by the fo empty places, are ASHER and CAPA. CAPA watches CASSIE get her food. When she turns, she sees his gaze, and gives him a smile. It’s bright and friendly, but has a subtle blankness that not missed by CAPA. The moment is not resolved, because suddenly, abruptly, a ALARM is sounding. ICcARUS All flight crew report immediately to flight deck. A frozen beat - then suddenly everyone is jumping to thei feet and running for the door.
15) 0) text: All except SEARLE arrive at the flight deck, to find MACE TREY checking a HOLOGRAM SCHEMATIC of the ICARUS II.
15) 2) dialog: {ashen-faced) I fucked up.
15) 4) dialog: It's my responsibility.
15) 6) dialog: I double and triple-checked all considerations to the route change. (MORE )
15) 7) text: TREY (cont'd) It all worked out, so I set the new coordinates and... put us on our way.
15) 11) dialog: 
15) 13) dialog: ++. I forgot. silénce.
15) 14) dialog: (stammering) My... head was full of velocities and fuel calculations, and a million different... (snapping, freaking out) I forgot, ail right? It happens! People do shit! They get stressed and they fuck up! And I fucked up! ASHER steps in. 30.
19) 0) text: All crew except TREY are in the Briefing Room. Silence. “Then BARVEY speaks.
20) 0) text: CAPA is sat watching ‘TREY. TREY is in a glass cubicle, lying on ‘a bed, asleep. A hiss as the door to the Med-Centexr opens. CAPA locks round. It's CASSIE.
41) 0) text: CAPA stands leoking in to TREY’S glass cubicle. TREY is asleep, but clearly having a nightmare. CAPA sees something reflected in the glass. CAPA looks around - and startles. MACE is there, behind him, also looking in at TREY. CAPA composes himself.
60) 18) text: And I’11 kill you too! I’m past taking fucking chances! One of you murdered Trey and Corazon! Another shot.