17) 0) text: Fonny and the aforementioned DANIEL standing on the sidew A lot of laughing and high-fiving from the two but we don hear any of it, instead, Tish’s narration: “Time had not improved Daniel."
17) 2) dialog: Wow! What's happenin’?
17) 4) dialog: Because, like the man says about Mt. Everest: ‘You're there.’ Fonny laughing at that, we can quickly tell he loves this cat.
17) 6) dialog: Skinny little Tish?
18) 0) text: Tish looking on with surprise as Fonny and Daniel push in the apartment still laughing their asses off.
19) 0) text: Daniel and Fonny with fresh beers before them. A record player going, Les McCann’s "Compared To What” playing as two squat on the floor.
19) 1) dialog: (both wishful and mocking) So, you really going to get married?
19) 7) dialog: How you going to do that?
19) 9) dialog: (soberly) Maybe you could go first.
19) 11) dialog: Scared of what? A long, long beat. The cigarette and the record are finis There’s nothing to hide behind.
19) 13) dialog: Scared of what might happen to Tish?
19) 16) dialog: I don't know if you so weird. I know you lucky. I ain't got nothing like that. Can I have another beer, man?
19) 18) dialog: I just come out the slammer, baby. Two years. They said — they still say — I stole a car. Man, I can't even drive a car, and I tried to make my lawyer - but he was really their lawyer, dig - prove that. And, anyway, I wasn't in no car when they picked me up. But I had a little grass on me. I was on my stoop. And so they come and picked me up, you know, it was about midnight, and they locked me up and then the next morning they put me in the lineup and somebody said it was me stole the car, that car I ain't seen yet. And so, you know, since I had that weed on me, they had me anyhow and so they said if I would plead guilty they'd give me a lighter sentence. If I didn't plead guilty, they'd throw me the book. Well... (sips that beer) ...I was alone, baby, wasn't nobody, and so I entered the guilty plea. Two years! Daniel leans forward, gets closer to Fonny. 55.
19) 19) dialog: But, then, it sounded a whole lot better than the marijuana charge. He leans back and laughs and sips his beer, looks at Fonn
19) 20) dialog: Two God damn years!
19) 22) dialog: Yeah.
20) 0) text: Tish in the kitchenette there, preparing a meal as Fonny Daniel continue their talk in the main room.
20) 2) dialog: About three months. (and) Man, it was bad. Very bad. And it's bad now. Maybe I'd feel different if I had done something and got caught. But I didn't do nothing. They were just playing with me, man, because they could. And I'm lucky it was only two years, you dig? Because they can do with you whatever they want. Whatever they want. And they dogs, man. I really found out, in the slammer, what Malcolm and them cats was talking about. The white man's got to be the devil. He sure ain't a man. Some of the things I saw... I'll be dreaming about until the day I die. Fonny puts one hand on Daniel's neck. 56.
20) 4) dialog: Man, I know what you're saying. And I appreciate it. But you don't know, the worst thing, man, the worst thing, is that they can make you so fucking scared. Just... scared, man. Tish in that kitchen, clearly listening to the whole thin right in here with them.
21) 1) dialog: It's nice to see you, Tish. You sure ain't gained no weight, have you?
21) 3) dialog: Well, I sure don't know why you didn't pick yourself a rich husband. You ain't never going to gain no weight now.
21) 5) dialog: You sound like you got it figured. You learn all that from Fonny? (at Fonny) Maybe she can't gain no weight, but you sure will. You folks mind if I drop by more often?
21) 8) text: .--alternating, both of them looking directly at_us as Ti continues: “We are happy, even, that we have food enough for Daniel, eats peacefully, not knowing that we are laughing, but sensing that something wonderful has happened to us... wh means that wonderful things happen... and that maybe something wonderful will happen... to him.” CUT TO BLACK. And OVER BLACK, the sound of footsteps, hollow and reverberating, as though echoing down a long, slender hal As these footsteps continue to sound... ...a figure taking shape, like shoulders, the silhouette something. The entire image brightening now as, at the end of this hallway, a point of light emanating from the center. Those shoulders approaching the light, as they near it, another sound rising, most similar to a wail; a child's w 58. The shoulders moving with more purpose now, picking up sp furiously attempting to reach that light. A wall of noise, the clatter of feet in this hallway, the ever present wail and, that point of light, no matter how fast we move or how loud those footsteps, never growing closer, an infinite, futile scramble as...