6) 3) dialog: Where's Tish? Sharon and JOSEPH (a little older than Sharon, a large, y subtle presence) over near the kitchen, Joe nursing a bee looking in on his wife preparing supper. Both their faces opening at the sight of Ernestine.
6) 6) dialog: She all right? 10.
6) 8) dialog: How's he taking it?
6) 10) dialog: Lord, let me make myself a drink. You want me to cook?
6) 12) dialog: She see Hayward?
6) 14) dialog: You going with her?
6) 16) dialog: Yeah. I think so, too, I'll call him from work, before you all get there.
6) 18) dialog: Daddy, we paid him his retainer, that's why ain't none of us got no clothes. And I know we got to pay expenses, but he ain't supposed to get no more money until he brings Fonny to trial.
6) 23) dialog: Well. Anybody talk to the Hunts lately?
6) 25) dialog: Well. Let's not talk too much about it in front of Tish. We'll work it out somehow.
6) 28) dialog: Well hello there, baby sister. A kiss on the cheek and a hug between Tish and Ernestine: these too clearly love each other.
6) 34) dialog: (sotto) Sing to me Nina, sing. Sharon rising from the dining table as Ernestine approach gets to collecting dishes as Ernestine sits back to the table. Joe drifting into the kitchen as well, the music pacing everything. Sharon reaches up to an obscure cupboard, just above the stove, kind of cupboard that’s rarely opened. Fetches a dusty, ornate bottle from there.
6) 47) dialog: Yeah. That's what I figured.
6) 55) dialog: (raising her glass) Un-bow your head sister.
6) 59) dialog: (with attitude) I sure would like to be the one to tell them sisters.
6) 64) dialog: She ain't going to forget it. I’1ll whip her ass if she do.
6) 66) dialog: Shall we dress for Mrs. Hunt? Another laugh now, something in the room spreading.
6) 68) dialog: Oh we'll be nice; Lord knows we'll be nice, you raised us right. It’s just you didn’t never buy us no clothes. But Mrs. Hunt and them sisters, they got wardrobes! Ain't no sense in trying to compete with them.
6) 70) dialog: Well who’s fault is that? Ernestine rubbing her father’s head playfully as she move from the living room, Joe smiling at her touch. Head resting at Joe’s shoulder, eyes lingering across thi room, Tish appears to be somewhere else, lost in the drif “The very first time Fonny and I made love was strange.” EXT. TISH’S HOME - DAY - MONTAGE 2 Sharon at the top of the stairs at Tish’s stoop, Fonny at bottom of the steps, Tish between the two. “It was the day he gave Mama that sculpture.” 17.
9) 10) dialog: Mrs. Hunt, how do you do, only way to get to see you people is to call an emergency summit, now you know that ain’t right? A hollow kiss on the cheek from MRS. HUNT (50 but attempt to look younger... and it shows). As she passes, reveals young women, similar to Tish and Ernestine in age. The girls moving past Ernestine with a look, something mi school about it all. Coming up behind them is FRANK (50s, handsome but tired). He and Ernestine share a genuine hug move together into...
9) 22) dialog: Yeah Mrs. Hunt, I can make you an ice-cream soda. Come on Sheila, you want to help me? (grabbing Sheila) Sit down Mama, me and Sheila got it. 21. Sharon taking Sheila’s place now, Mrs. Hunt having sat be her daughters on the couch there:
11) 7) dialog: Happy landings. Everyone going quiet now. Everyone... waiting and, in the space of this waiting, everyone's eyes slowly, definitive drawing themselves to...
11) 30) dialog: Oh don’t give me that bullshit, you so shamed you got a Holy Roller for a mother, you don’t know what to do. You make me sick.
11) 36) dialog: Adrienne? Baby? May I tell you something, Sweetie-pie? 29. Ernestine puts one hand very lightly against Adrienne's cheek.
11) 37) dialog: Oh, sugar. From the very first day I laid eyes on your fine person, I got hung up on your Adam's apple. I been dreaming about it; it's delicious. I just can't tell, Sweetie, if I want to tear it out with my fingers... or my teeth. It is a thing of beauty. And if you touch my sister, I'm going to have to make up my mind pretty quick, SO... Ernestine moves away from Adrienne, gestures at Tish.
11) 38) dialog: ...touch her. Go on, please.
11) 40) dialog: My. I must have a dirty mind, Sheila. I didn’t know that you could even say that word.
11) 45) dialog: That’s because won’t nobody fuck ‘em.
14) 3) dialog: You're just in time for coffee.
14) 5) dialog: It might be easier to see him if you come inside out that hall.
14) 8) dialog: Then you better have some coffee, come on in here. Ernestine turning, leading the two of them into the apartment. From somewhere inside:
14) 20) dialog: That argument and a subway token will get you from here to the corner.
14) 22) dialog: Me? I’m delighted to be rid of the little brat. I never could see what all the rest of you saw in her, I swear. Take some sugar Fonny, you're going to need it if you intend to tie yourself up with my sweet little sister.
21) 20) dialog: (without looking up) Hey, Jezebel. Tish sticking her tongue out at her sister as she passes, comes up behind Sharon and gives her mother a hug. “Sis started calling me Jezebel after I got my job at the perfume counter. She said..." 60.
21) 22) dialog: (with a wicked smile) You smell like a Louisiana whore.
25) 0) text: Tish and Ernestine together in a corner of this dive, Tis still dressed from work. Kind of place where two women wanting to be left alone are afforded that wish.
25) 1) dialog: Well don’t you smell nice. Off Tish’s rolled eyes:
25) 2) dialog: You want the good news or the bad news first?
25) 4) dialog: See that’s how you know we family. (and) Bad news is, they found Mrs. Rogers, she’s in Santurce, Puerto Rico. Somebody’s gonna have to go there to talk to her. 62.
25) 7) dialog: That... they found her, I guess?
25) 11) dialog: Hayward's got to deal with Bell and the DA. Anyway, you can see that, for many, many reasons, Hayward can't go. He'd be accused of intimidating a witness.
25) 13) dialog: It would take us until your baby is voting age to prove that. Look, mama and Daddy don't know, I haven't talked to them yet, wanted to talk to you first. Tish nodding at that, taking it all in. She goes cold:
25) 15) dialog: Tish... I don't know what's going on in that ingrown mind of yours, but that question has no bearing on anything. As far as our situation is concerned baby, she was raped. That's it. Ernestine takes a sip of her drink.
25) 16) dialog: I think, in fact, that she was raped and that she has absolutely no idea who did it, would probably not even recognize him if he passed her on the street. I may sound crazy, but the mind works that way. She'd recognize him if he raped her again. But then it would no longer be rape, if you see what I mean?
25) 18) dialog: Because he was presented to her as the rapist and it was much easier to say yes than to try and relive the whole damn thing again. This way, it's over for her. Except for the trial. But then... it's really over, for her.
25) 20) dialog: No. Not even. It won't be over for us. 63. Tish taking a beat before this next part, fixes Ernestine her sights:
25) 22) dialog: That's one of the reasons I wanted to talk to you. Before we talk to Mama and Daddy. Look. You can't go, no way you can. For one thing, without you, Fonny will panic. I don't see how I can go, I've got to keep lighting firecrackers under Hayward's ass. Daddy can't go, and God knows Frank can't go. That leaves Mama.
25) 25) dialog: And she hates planes. But she wants your baby's father out of jail. She'll go.
25) 27) dialog: She can do something no special investigator can do: she may be able to break through to Mrs. Rogers. Maybe not, but if she can, we're ahead. And if not, well, we haven't lost anything, and at least we'll know we've tried.
25) 29) dialog: I told you. Hayward is seeing him tomorrow. He may have been able to see him today. Tish nodding it all in, confirming it all in her head.
25) 31) dialog: Yeah. But we in it now.
26) 0) text: Tish and Ernestine on the corner here, Ernestine throwing arm around Tish, the kid sister leaning into her. They begin down the sidewalk this way, supporting one another. As they reach the corner, the sisters turn but.. ...we continue across the intersection, moving along the crosswalk over lanes of traffic. Across this intersection, another pub there, as much a di as the one we’ve just left. As we near it, its open doors invite us into... 65. INT. 8TH AVE BERNIE’S - DAY - MOVING - CONTINUOUS Drifting through this place, lot of regulars at the bar nursing sad drinks. As we take it all in, a pair of familiar faces appearing there in the back: Joe and Frank, each nursing what appea be rocked up whiskey.
27) 1) text: “He had not expected this and at first it bewildered... t frightened and angered him." INT. TISH’S HOME - NIGHT - MONTAGE 3 The family engaged in what appears to be a spirited discussion, inaudible the whole of it, all Tish: 68. “It didn't help that I distrusted him, Ernestine harangue him, Mama was laconic and, for Joseph, he was just anothe white boy with a college degree."
29) 0) text: Ernestine sitting before a well appointed desk in the foy of the most monied domicile we’1ll see all film, a young, pretty white woman pacing before her. “Ernestine has taken a second job as part-time secretary rich and eccentric actress whose connections she intends intimidate and use."
53) 3) text: ..-Ernestine and her young actress there, the two of them close, the two of them more than close: the unmistakable of intimacy as they cradle one another on the corner.