9) 12) dialog: So you saw my big-headed boy today?
9) 14) dialog: They ain’t giving him too hard a time, is they? I ask you like that because, you know, he might say things to you he won’t say to me.
9) 18) dialog: What you know about it you-- You bring that six-pack man?
9) 31) dialog: (shrugs ) It’s a white boy who’s been to law school and he got them degrees. I ain’t got to tell you what that means: it don’t mean shit. 22.
9) 33) dialog: I'm hip, and it’s a mighty welcome change. (pause) Like I was saying, it don’t mean shit and I ain’t sure we’re going to stay with him. On the other hand, as white boys go, he’s not so bad: he’s young and hungry, so he’s not as full of shit now as he may be when he’s full.
9) 37) dialog: I don't know how God expects a man to act when his son is in a cage. Your God crucified His son and was probably glad to get rid of him, but I ain't like that. I ain't hardly going out in the street and kiss the first white cop I see. But I'll be a very loving motherfucker the day my son walks out of that hellhole, free. Oh, I'll be full of love, that day. Mrs. Hunt puts her head in her hands as Frank slowly cros the room again, sits near Joe at the dining table.
11) 11) dialog: (to Joe) You and me? We going to go out and get drunk. A huge laugh of joy from Frank, the clasping of hands bet these two.
11) 12) dialog: (at Tish) I’m glad. Don’t you worry, I’m mighty--
11) 15) dialog: You can bet that it won’t be the Holy damn Ghost. Mrs. Hunt shooting Frank a look of disgust, then rising, begins slowly crossing the room:
11) 19) dialog: I think you’ll find it’s still pumping. But I wouldn’t call it no heart. Frank does not look remorseful, more sad than anything, s over everything.
11) 20) dialog: Joe, let the women take care of her and come on with me. Joe hesitating, still shocked by the violence:
11) 21) dialog: Please man, come on.
12) 0) text: Fonny and Tish standing in this basement apartment. From their dress, a continuation of their dinner at the Spanis restaurant. “The realization that he has a body makes him a stranger. We take the place in as Tish does: a small, low room, but a fireplace. Just off the room is a tiny kitchenette and bathroom. There’s a wooden stool and a couple of hassocks a large wooden table and a smaller one. On the small table, a few empty beer cans and on the larg one, tools. The room smells of wood; there’s raw wood everywhere. In the far corner, a mattress on the floor covered with a Mexican shawl. Fonny's pencil sketches are pinned on the wall. The only other item: a photograph of Frank. 31. “We were to spend a lifetime in this room." Fonny standing across the room from Tish. She’s watching they both know she’s watching him. Fonny crossing to the palette there, takes up that Mexica shawl, walks over to Tish, drapes it over her head and shoulders. Grins and steps back:
26) 0) text: Tish and Ernestine on the corner here, Ernestine throwing arm around Tish, the kid sister leaning into her. They begin down the sidewalk this way, supporting one another. As they reach the corner, the sisters turn but.. ...we continue across the intersection, moving along the crosswalk over lanes of traffic. Across this intersection, another pub there, as much a di as the one we’ve just left. As we near it, its open doors invite us into... 65. INT. 8TH AVE BERNIE’S - DAY - MOVING - CONTINUOUS Drifting through this place, lot of regulars at the bar nursing sad drinks. As we take it all in, a pair of familiar faces appearing there in the back: Joe and Frank, each nursing what appea be rocked up whiskey.
26) 1) dialog: What we going to do?
26) 3) dialog: I hear that but man, what we going to do about the money?
26) 6) dialog: No.
26) 10) dialog: What you think is going to happen?
26) 12) dialog: That’s easy to say.
26) 14) dialog: I guess... I love Fonny more than I love anybody in this world. And it makes me ashamed, man, I swear, because he was a real manly little boy, wasn't scared of nothing, except maybe his Mama. He didn't understand his Mama. And I don't know what I should’ve done. I ain't a woman. And there's some things only a woman can do with a child. Frank sips his drink, tries to smile.
26) 15) dialog: I don't know if I was ever any kind of father to him — any kind of real father — and now he's in jail and it ain't his fault and I don't even know how I'm going to get him out. I'm sure one hell of a man.
30) 0) text: Frank and Joe standing at the rear doors of a van we've n seen before, the two of them in conversation with other m as they gesture into the bed of the van. “They don't tell me any of this, of course. But I know it I know it.” CUT TO BLACK. And OVER BLACK, a new SOUND rising, like the city through window, distant and present at once. “I remember the night the baby was conceived. It was the day we found our loft.”
44) 20) text: Frankly lady, it’s hard to believe you got a daughter. 85. That said as a come-on. To her shock, Sharon is empathizi with Victoria.