15) 0) text: Tish and Sharon sitting beside one another in a very typi very oak strewn law office. Across from them, a man who’s name we’ve heard but not me HAYWARD (late 30s, white), Fonny’s lawyer.
15) 1) dialog: Well, as you ladies know, this is a very difficult case.
15) 3) dialog: And you are beginning to feel now that her confidence was misplaced? Hayward smiling through that: he gets it. Lights a cigar.
15) 6) dialog: I can certainly understand that, and I'm doing all I can to get him back to you just as fast as I can. But, as you ladies know, the very greatest difficulty has been caused by the refusal of Mrs. Rogers to reconsider her testimony. And now she has disappeared.
15) 10) dialog: This is a very big city, a very big country, for that matter, a very big world. People disappear. I don't think that she has gone very far, they certainly do not have the means for a long journey. But her family may have returned her to Puerto Rico. In any case, in order to find her, I will need special investigators, and--
15) 12) dialog: Unfortunately....
15) 15) dialog: I’m trying to keep it as low as possible, but special investigators are... special, I'm afraid, and they know it.
15) 17) dialog: We don't know that she’s returned there, but it is a very vivid possibility. Anyway, she and her new man disappeared some days ago from the apartment on Orchard St.. 45.
15) 19) dialog: Yes. But she is a ‘distraught, ignorant, Puerto Rican woman, suffering from the aftereffects of rape. So her behavior is not incomprehensible.’ (beat) You see what I mean? Hayward watching Tish, makes sure she gets what he’s sayi
15) 20) dialog: And she is only one of the key witnesses in this case. You have forgotten the testimony of Officer Bell; his was the really authoritative identification of the rapist. It is Bell who swears that he saw Alonzo running away from the scene of the crime. And I have always been of the opinion — you will remember that we discussed this — that it is his testimony which Mrs. Rogers continually repeats-——
15) 23) dialog: Exactly.
15) 26) dialog: If I didn't believe in Alonzo's innocence, I would never have taken the case. Now, the two of you insist that you were together, in the room on Bank Street, along with an old friend, Daniel Carty. Your testimony, as you can imagine, counts for nothing, and Daniel Carty has just been arrested by the DA's office and is being held incommunicado. I have not been allowed to see him. Hayward rises and paces to the window.
15) 27) dialog: What they are doing is really against the law, but... Daniel has a record. They obviously intend to make him change his testimony. And, I do not know this, but I am willing to bet that that is how and why Mrs. Rogers has disappeared. So. You see. I will make it as easy as I can. But it will still be very hard.
15) 29) dialog: I’ve begun the operation already of tracing the lady. I’1l need the money aS soon as you can get it. I’ll also force the DA's office to allow me to see Daniel Carty, but they will throw every conceivable obstacle in my way--
27) 0) text: Hayward caressing a snifter of cognac surrounded by other lawyer types, a good old boy feel to it... with Hayward appearing out of place. “It became obvious at once, for example, that the degree his concern for his client placed him at odds with the keepers of the keys and seals."