9) 20) dialog: Mind? Frank does not care if we mind.
9) 24) dialog: Don't say a word. I have been running myself sick, all up and down the Bronx, trying to get the very best legal advice I can find. I just pray and pray and pray that the Lord will bring my boy to the light. That's all I pray for, every day and every night. A long pause from Mrs. Hunt here, moment of reflection:
9) 25) dialog: And then, sometimes I think that maybe this is the Lord's way of making my boy think on his sins and surrender his soul to Jesus.
9) 27) dialog: Oh yes. Now he may try you. But he ain’t never left none of His children alone.
9) 29) dialog: I haven't seen him yet. (defensive) I just have not had time to get downtown. But I know Frank saw him--
9) 32) dialog: You're talking to a woman.
9) 34) dialog: But I keep trying to tell you, that it's that negative attitude, you're so full of hate! If you give people hatred, they will give it back to you! Every time I hear you talk this way my heart breaks for my son, sitting in a dungeon which only the love of God can bring him out of.
9) 36) dialog: I trust in God, I know He cares for me.
11) 13) dialog: And who is going to be responsible for this baby?
11) 16) dialog: I guess you call your lustful action love. I don’t. I always knew you'd be the destruction of my son. The Bible says: “Put to death therefore what is earthly in you: sexual immorality, impurity, passion, evil desire and covetousness.” (and) That child is borne of sin, the Holy Ghost will cause it to shrivel in your womb. But my son will be forgiven. My prayers will--
11) 24) text: Mrs. Hunt getting to her feet slowly, free hand bracing herself as she lowers to the couch.
11) 43) dialog: I sure hope... (dramatic sigh) ...that you’re pleased with the way you raised your daughters. Sharon just staring at Mrs. Hunt here, says nothing, the whole thing a wonderful spectacle now:
11) 44) dialog: My girls won't be bringing me no bastards to feed, I can guarantee you that. 30.
11) 48) dialog: That child.... Looks from Sharon to Tish, starts for the door:
11) 49) dialog: (moving) That child.... Tish and family watching as the Hunts make their way out silently, everything different now. As we watch them go.. “It's astounding the first time you realize a stranger ha body."