10) 2) dialog: (mocking) “Servicio, servicio.” (and at Tish) Senorita, how may I help you, I’m sorry your company tonight is less than desirable but this can’t be helped.
10) 4) dialog: Oye, estas con una mujer, encantadora! Tish in heaven here, eyes fixed on Fonny, roving from him Predocito and back. 24. As the men continue their banter, jostling and joking lik old friends, their voices drift off the soundtrack: “I had never seen Fonny outside the world in which I move had seen him with his father and his mother, and I had se him with us."
10) 5) text: ...face spread wide in a smile, looking from Predocito to Tish and back, from Pedrocito to us — right at us — his e alight with some mixture of joy and pride. “I had certainly never seen him in the world in which he moved."
10) 8) dialog: (calling out) A very good night Sefiorita! You are always welcome here.
36) 0) text: Fonny and Tish escorted to their table in Pedrocito’s restaurant, holding hands as they follow him.
36) 2) dialog: In a couple of days, that is what they all say! And, furthermore, I suppose that you would like to eat sitting down!
36) 4) dialog: (over shoulder) And now, no doubt, you would like two margheritas?
52) 0) text: The only time we’ve been here not focused on that side ta so synonymous with Tish and Fonny. Instead, find Tish huddled to herself in a table near the back, away from anyone else. Tish staring at the plate before her, a simple paella. Fr the looks of it, she hasn’t touched it. As he passes, Pedrocito deftly takes the plate without stopping. 97. A beat with Tish, the simple loneliness on her face, then ..-Pedrocito returning, appearing from the direction he'd escaped to, has a fresh plate in hand. Sits it before her, the heat of it releasing waves of vap into the air.
52) 1) dialog: Sefiorita? Por favor. He and the muchacho need your strength. He will not forgive us if we let you starve. We are his friends. He trusts us. You must trust us, too. He takes a glass, pours her a little red wine.
52) 2) dialog: Wine is good. Just a little. Slowly. Tish nods, takes a sip of the wine.
52) 3) dialog: It will be a boy. Pedrocito grins; in some way a grin that recalls Fonny, t first night of Tish seeing the joy the men shared. Tish looking after him as he moves away, attends to the f customers here. A beat of her processing this moment, a suggestion of the warmth of the gesture coming over her, then...
53) 0) text: Tish in the backseat but, not a cab, up in the front: Pedrocito. He won’t let her walk, he’s driving her home.
53) 1) text: Tish startles in the back seat, Pedrocito’s eyes going to rearview:
53) 2) dialog: I told you, it’s a boy! Tish smiling as she re-settles herself: this man is famil A beat more of travel then... the car easing to a red lig nothing out of the ordinary, just a red light. 98. Tish lolling her head against the window, lets the light her face. Eyes wander away now, on the curb they’re idlin near. At a subdued, but distinct startle in her expressio