1) 20) text: (calling out) How you doin’ Little One? A moment later, SHARON (early 40s but could pass for youn enters, a shopping bag at her side. Just in the way she l at her, Tish’s mother.
1) 21) dialog: How is he?
1) 23) dialog: Good. You see the lawyer?
1) 25) dialog: He been to see Fonny?
1) 28) dialog: Yeah, Lil’ Bit? Tish not going further and Sharon not pressing. Sharon turning off the tap, turns and looks at her daught Watches her a long beat. A very slow realization. INT. TISH’S HOME, TISH’S BEDROOM - DAY A simple bed and bed-side table, dresser-drawer at the fo of the bed with an oversized mirror atop it. Heavy curtai in here. It’s day but cool and dark. Sharon puts a hand to Tish’s forehead, gentle. That same on Tish’s shoulder now:
1) 29) dialog: Tish, I don’t think you got nothing to cry about. (and now) You tell Fonny?
1) 31) dialog: You did right. And I bet he just grinned all over his face.
1) 33) dialog: You must be - let’s see - you about three months gone?
1) 35) dialog: What you cryin’ about? Sharon pulling Tish fully in, the curiosity over, all mothering now.
1) 36) dialog: Now listen, you got enough on your mind without worrying about being a bad girl and all that jive-ass shit. I sure hope I raised you better than that. If you was a bad girl you wouldn't be sitting on this bed, you’d long been turning tricks for the warden. Tish picking her head up, wiping more tears, getting hers back together:
1) 37) dialog: Now you and Fonny be together right now, married or not, wasn't for that damn white man. So, let me tell you what you got to do.
1) 40) dialog: Now, when your Daddy and Ernestine get home, we going to sit at the table together, and I'll make the family announcement. I think that might be easier, don't you?
1) 42) dialog: Take off them streets clothes and lie down for a minute. I'll come get you. Sharon opens the door.
1) 44) dialog: Yes, Tish?
1) 46) dialog: (laughing) I don’t know what you thanking me for. I’m your mama, ain’t I? Sharon closing the door behind her, leaves Tish in here alone. Tish taking off her coat and shoes, slowly, all th tiredness overtaking her again. As she gets her shoes to floor... ..+.the doorbell rings. From somewhere out there, we can Sharon yell, "Be right there!" Before she answers the front door, however, she’s at thi bedroom door again, a quick knock and she’s entering.
1) 47) dialog: Here. Drink this. Do you good. Sharon carrying a small saucer, has a small water glass a shot glass beside. Sharon taking the brown liquid of the glass, pours it into the water. And then she’s gone again, out that door, heels clicking along the hall that leads to the front door. From the sou of the banter, a man entering, in a good mood:
1) 49) dialog: She's taking a little nap inside.
1) 51) dialog: Yeah. She saw him. She saw the inside of the Tombs, too. That's why I made her lie down.
1) 53) dialog: She going to see him Monday. Sound of feet moving throughout the house now, of the fri door opening and closing. Tish downing her water and bran
1) 55) dialog: Joe, you know damn well ain't no point in asking me that question.
1) 57) dialog: Amen to that. Tish lying back on the bed, looking up and into those curtains. Somewhere out there, the sun setting. As she rubs her belly, let’s her thoughts wonder... CUT TO BLACK. “Fonny used to go to a vocational school where they teach kids to make all kinds of shitty things..."
6) 4) dialog: She's home. She's lying down. Ernestine setting her purse down, continuing over to...
6) 7) dialog: She's tired. She went to see Fonny.
6) 9) dialog: Taking it.
6) 11) dialog: No. I'll get into the pots ina minute.
6) 13) dialog: No. She's seeing him on Monday, after work.
6) 15) dialog: I think I better.
6) 19) dialog: He says it's a tough case.
6) 21) dialog: To make money.
6) 24) dialog: They don't want to know nothing about it, you know that. Mrs. Hunt and them two camellias is just in disgrace. And poor Frank ain't got no money.
6) 27) dialog: He is one of us. All heads turning here at a bit of light out in the livin room, the sound of footsteps approaching. A moment later Tish appears, hair mottled and cajoled, just woke up:
6) 29) dialog: You want a 1il’ snack, Tish?
6) 31) dialog: Well alright then, if y’all want to eat, better get your behinds out of my kitchen, this food ain’t gon’ fix itself. Come on now, take your business into the living room. 12. Tish and Ernestine shuffling away from here, leaving thei mother to her kitchen. Sharon looking to Joe there, the m shrugging a “what’d I do” face:
6) 32) dialog: Do I come down to your job and watch you work? Joe smiling as Sharon turns away from him, all sly eyes a persuasive hips as we CUT TO...
6) 36) dialog: What you think? Get the good glasses. Sharon moving back over to the dining table with Tish and Ernestine, sets that bottle of French Brandy to the table Ernestine’s eyes going from Sharon's to Tish. Ernestine’s eyes... smiling. Ernestine’s eyes never leaving Tish. 13.
6) 37) dialog: (at Joe) You the man of the house, start pouring.
6) 39) dialog: Just a lil’ bit for Tish, now.
6) 41) dialog: This... is a sacrament. And no, I ain’t gone crazy. We’re drinking to a new life. (beat) Tish is gonna have Fonny’s baby. The air heavy in here for a beat, no one moving. Sharon reaches a hand to Joe’s shoulder.
6) 42) dialog: (softly) Drink. Joe staring at Tish, frozen in the moment of that news. Tish staring back, holding his gaze, only openness. Joe puts his glass down. Then he picks it up again. He’s trying to speak but he can't. A moment more of this awkwardness, then... .+-a smile more sweet than bitter developing in Joe’s fac
6) 46) dialog: About three months.
6) 53) dialog: Your father know that. He's only worried about you.
6) 56) dialog: To the newborn.
6) 60) dialog: Joe, why don't you just call up and ask them all over here? Hell, it's Saturday night and it ain't late and we still got a lot of brandy in the bottle. And now that I think about it, it's really the best way to do it. Joe looking to his wife, had already started for his coat but... considering Sharon’s proposal:
6) 65) dialog: But she’s pregnant! A big, way deep down laugh from all of them at this, Ernestine and Sharon both throwing their heads back. As the laughter subsides...
9) 21) dialog: Mrs. Hunt, what can I get you, sugar? I can offer you some tea, or coffee; and we got ice cream, and Coca Cola.
9) 23) dialog: Lord, the time sure flies. We ain’t hardly seen each other since this trouble started.
9) 26) dialog: You might be right. The Lord sure works in mysterious ways.
9) 28) dialog: What you think of the lawyer Ernestine found, Mr. Hayward?
9) 30) dialog: What you think Frank?
9) 35) dialog: He's not talking hatred, Maybeline. He's just telling the truth.
11) 22) dialog: Go on with him, Joe. Go on. Ernestine moving past Sharon, has a bottle of rubbing alc and a hand full of cotton balls.
11) 23) dialog: Go on. We don’t need you here. Joe nodding at his wife in ascent, eyes on Mrs. Hunt as h rounds the living room, takes his coat from a chair-back, hand to Frank’s shoulder just ahead of him. The women all watching as the men exit, the door slowly closed behind them. Coming back to the living room, an undeniably potent imag these six women alone now in this house, having bared wit to the past moment’s events.
11) 28) dialog: She’s got a weak head, the Holy Ghost done softened y’all brain, child: did she forget it was Frank's grandchild she was cursing? I know some men would have cut that weak heart out of your body and gladly gone to hell to pay for it.
11) 33) dialog: Baby your mother a lot smarter than hers.
11) 41) dialog: Ernestine.
11) 46) dialog: Ernestine! Sharon cocking her head now, finally perplexed by all thi Stares at Mrs. Hunt a long moment:
11) 47) dialog: But the child that’s coming... is your grandchild. I don’t understand you, it’s your grandchild. What difference does it make how it gets here? The child ain’t got nothing to do with that; don’t none of us have nothing to do with that.
14) 9) dialog: Now where have you two been ‘till this hour of the morning?
14) 12) dialog: Don’t you know better than to be behaving like that? I declare, we was just about to call the police. Sharon looking across the kitchen at Ernestine, the two exchanging a look that makes this clear: they are not ups having a good time with this. That lost on Fonny though, he’s nervous as hell:
14) 15) dialog: Talking? ...Tish inching away from Fonny.
14) 19) dialog: Now see, that's why I can’t figure out why you callin’ me Mrs. Rivers all of a sudden. (and at Tish) I hope you realize, Miss, that you ain't but eighteen years old.
14) 21) dialog: (at Ernestine) What do you think about all this?
14) 23) dialog: (calling out) Joe! Come on out here, lightning’s done struck the poorhouse! Come on now, I mean it! Fonny taking Tish’s hand, as much to protect himself as t comfort her. Sound of Joe approaching, Tish and Fonny ope their stance to face him.
15) 0) text: Tish and Sharon sitting beside one another in a very typi very oak strewn law office. Across from them, a man who’s name we’ve heard but not me HAYWARD (late 30s, white), Fonny’s lawyer.
15) 5) dialog: We miss him, that’s all. This is... it’s getting to us.
15) 9) dialog: How can she just disappear?
15) 11) dialog: That means money.
15) 14) dialog: How much money?
15) 16) dialog: Puerto Rico.
15) 22) dialog: Tish. (and to Hayward) You mean — let me get you straight now — that it's that Officer Bell who tells her what to say?
15) 25) dialog: That there's no way of getting at the truth in this case? 46. Off both their nonplussed faces:
15) 28) dialog: How soon do you need the money?
15) 30) dialog: So we're trying... to buy time.
21) 10) dialog: ...standing above us, a wet towel in her hand, the look o her face one of concern. INT. TISH’S HOME, BEDROOM - NIGHT Tish’s eyes closed, heavily asleep. But her body clinched with tension, hand gripping at the sheet, feet kicking atop the covers. A guttural, muted sound rising from Tish’s chest as Sharo sits to the bed beside her, gently lays a hand to Tish’s brow, caresses her head. Slowly, Tish’s eyes opening, drifting into consciousness. Sharon dabs the wet towel at Tish’s temples, looks down a her lovingly:
21) 11) dialog: I know I can't help you very much right now - God knows what I wouldn't give if I could. But I know about suffering; if that helps. I know that it ends. I ain't going to tell you no lies, like it always ends for the better. Sometimes it ends for the worse. You can suffer so bad that you can be driven to a place where you can't ever suffer again: and that's worse. Sharon setting that towel down, taking Tish’s hands and enveloping them in her own.
21) 12) dialog: Try to remember that. And: the only way anything ever gets done is when you make up your mind to do it. I know a lot of our men have died in prison: but not all of them. You remember that. 59.
21) 13) dialog: And you ain't really alone in that bed. You got that child beneath your heart and we're all counting on you, Fonny's counting on you, to bring that child here safe and well. You the only one who can do it. But you're strong. Lean on your strength. (and) You understand?
21) 15) dialog: Are you all right now? Can you sleep?
21) 17) dialog: I don't want to sound foolish. But remember, love brought you here. If you trusted love this far, don't panic now, trust it all the way. Sharon leans down, kisses her daughter on the forehead. Another caress with that towel then she rises, heads for door. Turns off the light behind her as we...
39) 0) text: A majestic, period-appropriate Pan-Am jet freshly parked the runway, unloading directly to the tarmac. Dozens of travelers in some form of deplaning, descending down portable stairs. Just a beat of this to recognize Sharon de-boarding among the others.
40) 0) text: From the first frame: loud, a cacophony of voices pushing aggressive brand of Spanish in here. Families and their m possessions throughout this space, few people talking, everyone shouting. With her overly done-up clothes and hair, Sharon sticking out, the darkest, most American figure in view. We find h at the front of a line, engaged with an AIRPORT STAFFER.
40) 1) dialog: Do you speak English? A smile from the staffer, friendly, but no answer.
40) 2) dialog: I’m sorry but I don’t speak any Spanish and I’ve had to come here unexpectedly. And I don’t drive, you see? More silence from Victoria and, it must be noted: for a b woman raised in the Jim Crow South, this one of the few moments in Sharon’s life she can be said to emit privileg
40) 3) dialog: (desperate) You see?
41) 0) text: Sharon’s suitcase atop the bed, its contents spilled over Takes a moment to take it all in. Reaches down and grabs item: a stylish, Cotton Club-esque hat. Turns to the mirror behind her, sizes herself up, puts on hat. Indifferent. Sharon takes the hat off, comes back to reflection again. She’s thinking, considering. She puts the hat on again. Beat.
42) 0) text: Just a beat here with Sharon and the mirrored elevator do 82. She's staring into her own eyes. She is not wearing that INT. JAIME’S CAB - NIGHT - MOVING More sound, more jostling at these worn roads. Sharon looks... ridiculous, like the American tourist she is ina club dress and black shawl wrapped about her head. More eyes in that rearview, from Jaime that same curiosit When Sharon meets his gaze this time, neither looks away.
42) 1) dialog: Thank you for waiting.
43) 0) text: Sharon standing in the foyer of a San Juan Resort Hotel, lobby behind her, entrance of the subterranean nightclub before her. The entry to the club runs clear through to a dance-floor the lip of the dancefloor a raised band-stand.
44) 0) text: Sharon sitting alone in a nightclub booth, the music loud now, much more ridiculous, a Puerto Rican cover of someth wild and propulsive. Sharon taking in the scene. It’s early, not many people i this place, the other booths mostly empty. A man approach now, a clear cocktail held aloft.
44) 2) dialog: Thank you. And as the man turns to move away: 83.
44) 3) dialog: Excuse me.
44) 5) dialog: Well... I’m supposed to meet a friend here, but the flight I meant to take was overbooked, so I was forced to take an earlier one, I’m not sure he’s here yet.
44) 7) dialog: It’s actually more the nature of business. I’m waiting for Sefior Alvarez; Pietro Alvarez. I’m Mrs. Rivers. From New York. A reaction from the server. Clearly something Sharon said struck a chord.
44) 10) dialog: Pietro? Pietro Alvarez?
44) 12) dialog: I don’t especially want to see Mr. Alvarez. I want to see Victoria Rogers. I’m the mother-in-law of the man she’s accused of rape. Pietro shifting at that, Sharon the last person he assume would walk into his club tonight. He takes a seat.
44) 14) dialog: I also have one hell of a daughter, let me tell you that.
44) 16) dialog: A man is about to die for something he didn’t do, can we leave him alone.
44) 19) dialog: Do you believe I love my daughter?
44) 20) text: Frankly lady, it’s hard to believe you got a daughter. 85. That said as a come-on. To her shock, Sharon is empathizi with Victoria.
44) 21) dialog: Do you think I would marry my daughter to a rapist?
44) 23) dialog: Son, listen: I know that she was raped, and I know... I know what women know. But I also know that Alonzo did not rape her.
44) 25) dialog: No, please. Sharon grabbing a hold of Pietro’s hand. With her free hand, Sharon reaching into her clutch, digg frantically. Retrieves a photo from there, a photo of Fon and Tish, thrusts it toward Pietro.
44) 26) dialog: Look at them. (and) Look at them. The music louder, more propulsive now, those kids on the bandstand letting into that song.
44) 27) dialog: Take this photo home; take it to Victoria. Take it and you ask her, you show it to her and you ask her, ask her to study it. Hold her in your arms; do that. 86.
44) 28) dialog: I’m a woman, I know what women know, I know that she was raped. But I also know, I know that Alonzo did not rape her; I know it. Beat. Not a long beat though — a quick one — just enough for Pi to glance at that photo, then at Sharon’s desperate face. Closes his eyes, and... ...-releases his hand from Sharon’s, leaves that photo wi her as he disappears across the dance-floor. Off Sharon watching him go, defeated, broken and embarras all at once...
45) 0) text: Jaime waiting, pops to attention as... ..».-Sharon approaches, blows right past him, shocks him marches on. Jaime frozen to the spot, watches as Sharon reaches the gravel lot, plumes of light dust behind her, reaches the cab and lets herself into the back seat. Jaime watching his cab for a beat, unsure what to do. Slo tentatively, he begins towards the cab. Reaches the passengers side door and... stops. INT. JAIME’S CAB - NIGHT - SAME Sharon in the backseat here. Slouched down, cradled into herself, sobbing. Jaime outside the window, allowing her this moment.
46) 0) text: Bright, bright daylight, peaceful and quiet. Sharon gazin out of her hotel window at Puerto Rican sun. Below her, in the parking lot, that familiar cab and Jaim “When Mama wakes in the morning, Jaime is there waiting f her. She has become his responsibility because, as the ma said about Mt. Everest: ‘You're there.'" INT. JAIME’S CAB - DAY - MOVING The sound of rough gravel beneath tires, Sharon looking o the window of Jaime’s cab at the passing slum. 87. Desolate out there, the San Juan found between resort tow a cross between rural, hood and everything in between. A beat of travel, then:
47) 0) text: Sharon reaching the third level of this makeshift walk-up rounds a banister and finds herself in a dim corridor, apartment doors on either side running back toward the sunlight. She begins down the hall, the doors of all these places a to various degrees, Sharon peeking into each cautiously. At the end of the hall, Sharon easing toward a cracked do With care, she places her foot within the threshold, nudg the door wide as the space of her shoulders. SHARON'S VIEW: within the room, a thin, blonde-haired gir going about cleaning. Sharon is staring. The girl is pregnant. VICTORIA turns, feels Sharon watching. A brief beat of th facing one another, ten, twelve feet between them. From h indifferent look, Victoria has no idea who Sharon is.
47) 1) dialog: Mrs. Rogers? Victoria's eyes narrow.
47) 4) dialog: I have a photograph of you. Sharon takes out the photograph of Victoria and holds it Victoria walks toward the door. As she advances, Sharon m from the threshold, meets her in the room.
47) 6) dialog: I know you don't know me. Maybe you never even heard of me. Victoria shifting, something resigned in her stance. A de sigh, a dig into her pocket, reveals a pack of cigarettes
47) 8) dialog: I know you don't know me. But you must have heard of me. Victoria looks briefly at the photograph of herself in Sharon's hand; looks at Sharon.
47) 10) dialog: I'm here to try to get a man out of prison. That man is going to marry my daughter. And he did not rape you. Sharon takes out the photograph of Tish and Fonny.
47) 11) dialog: Look at this. Victoria turns away, sits on the unmade bed. Sharon approaches her.
47) 12) dialog: Look at it, please. This is my daughter. The man with her is Alonzo Hunt. Is this the man who raped you? Victoria will not look at the photograph, or at Sharon.
47) 13) dialog: Is this the man who raped you? Victoria looks down at the photograph, briefly, then up a Sharon.
47) 15) dialog: May I sit down? Victoria says nothing. Sharon sits beside her, on the bed After a beat:
47) 17) dialog: I'm not trying to do anything to you. I'm just trying to get a man out of jail. An innocent man. 90.
47) 19) dialog: (cautious) How long were you in New York?
47) 21) dialog: Did you leave your children there?
47) 23) dialog: Why did you come back here? Victoria rises and walks to the window. Sharon follows, t two of them staring out at the sea together. A prolonged silence, a fleeting truce inspired by this view.
47) 24) dialog: Daughter... in this world, terrible things happen to you, and we can all do some terrible things. Sharon is careful; she’s close, watching Victoria.
47) 25) dialog: I was a woman before you was a woman — remember that. And I know, I know, you pay for the lies you tell. She stares at Victoria. Victoria stares at her.
47) 26) dialog: You've put a man in jail, a man you've never seen. He's twenty-two years old, he wants to marry my daughter. She releases Victoria’s gaze, turns back to the window. gl.
47) 28) dialog: You saw him in the police lineup. That's the first time you saw him, the only time.
47) 30) dialog: Because I've known him all his life. Victoria looking back to Sharon, huffing with a scorn tha runs deep, runs certain and heavy.
47) 33) dialog: But are you... are you sure that you know him?
47) 35) dialog: But you were... it happened in the dark. You saw Alonzo in the lights.
47) 37) dialog: Daughter... in the name of God. 92. Victoria looks down at Sharon’s hand on the cross... and screams: a piercing, impossible sound. She breaks away fr Sharon, runs to the door (which has remained open all thi time).
54) 12) dialog: You look like you seen a ghost. Tish hanging up that phone finally, leans her weight on t table there. After she does, not a kick, but... something
54) 13) dialog: Tish, what's the matter with you?
54) 15) dialog: I don't know. But he ain't been by, no. Sharon setting her bag down, crosses the room and puts a to Tish’s brow:
54) 16) dialog: How you feeling?
54) 18) dialog: You want me to get you a little brandy?
54) 20) dialog: Your stomach upset?
54) 22) dialog: You see Fonny today?
54) 24) dialog: And how was he?
54) 26) dialog: I know baby, I know. Sharon returning with a damp towel, rubs at Tish’s temple
54) 27) dialog: I think Ernestine's got the rest of the money. From her actress. A flash across Tish’s face, mind alight. Doesn’t say anything, wasn’t about to say anything but... the doorbel rings, Sharon setting that towel down and moving over to it. Opens it and, her back to Tish, obscuring whoever’s t but... her voice, pure terror:
54) 28) dialog: What happen? Tish standing, looking on as Sharon turns back inside, reveals Joseph coming in behind her, a heavy look about h
54) 34) dialog: You can't get there till morning, daughter.
54) 36) dialog: Tish, you can’t--
54) 38) dialog: How you feeling? The sky opening... or something similar to it — to the so of it — rising from Tish’s chest, hand to her belly. Joseph jolted, a step toward Tish and then a step back as Sharon reaches a hand to stop him, all calm. Sharon putting a hand to Tish’s shoulder, eases her the couple steps back to her chair, gently sits her there.
54) 39) dialog: (without looking away) Call the ambulance, Joseph. And as her father moves to the phone, his presence long g from here, Tish looks to her mother, looks up to her, Sharon’s image as strong and loving and in spirit as ever
54) 40) dialog: Don’t panic, baby. Remember, love brought you here. Sharon smiles, and... CUT TO BLACK.