1) 0) text: The same young couple eyeing each other across glass, the young man on the one side in the jail smocks with tired e on the other, a thin pretty girl, a gentle wonder about h This is TISH (19, black, warm), the voice heard "before anything else” and Alonzo “FONNY” Hunt (22, also black, breakable).
1) 1) dialog: Alonzo... Fonny’s eyes starting at the sound of his proper name, something sharp, a warning in its use: she never calls hi Alonzo.
1) 2) dialog: Alonzo... we're going to have a baby. Fonny going blank, completely blank as that news washes o him, just across that glass and yet, instantly so far awa from here.
1) 7) dialog: No. I ain’t sure, I’m just trying to mess with your mind. Fonny smiling now, coming back to her:
1) 9) dialog: Well... we ain’t goin’ to drown it. So I guess we’ll have to raise it. Fonny throwing his head back, a big, shocking laughter, a in his face initially unfathomable:
1) 11) dialog: Not yet.
1) 13) dialog: Not yet. But don’t worry about them, I just wanted to tell you first.
1) 15) text: (and now) A baby. Something in this repetition carrying Fonny away from her away to that place beyond Tish. His eyes cast down:
1) 17) dialog: I’m going to do just like I been doing. I’1l work up to just about the last month. And then, Mama and Sis will take care for me, you ain't got to worry. And anyway, we have you out of here before then.
1) 19) dialog: Of course I’m sure. I’m always sure about that. A man coming up behind Fonny, doesn’t even bother to touc him, from his dress, clearly a guard. Fonny’s eyes going down at the man’s presence, looks thro that glass again at his lover. His eyes coming back, that overwhelming smile again. Tish matching it, the two of th standing in unison on either side of the glass. Fonny raises his fist to the glass. Tish does the same. Off Tish watching Fonny move away, disappear through a do on the other side... INT. TISH’S HOME - DAY A simple Harlem apartment, modest but expansive as far as these things go, a proper living room, kitchen big enough fit a small dining table. Along a hall running perpendicular to the living room, th bedrooms. Tish sitting before a steaming cup of tea, staring at the wispy steam rising off it. A beat, then... ...the sound of the front door opening, of footsteps on w flooring and...
1) 20) text: (calling out) How you doin’ Little One? A moment later, SHARON (early 40s but could pass for youn enters, a shopping bag at her side. Just in the way she l at her, Tish’s mother.
1) 22) dialog: He’s just the same. He’s fine. He sends his love.
1) 24) dialog: Not today. I have to go on Monday, after work.
1) 26) dialog: No. A sigh from Sharon as she tosses her hat to the couch, be toward the kitchen. Tish following, tracks over to where Sharon places the shopping bag, begins unloading its cont to the cupboard. The two working in silence a moment, Sharon humming as sh alternates the spray of water rinsing vegetables.
1) 27) dialog: Mama...?
1) 30) dialog: I just told him today. I figured I should tell him first.
1) 32) dialog: (laughing) Yes. (wipes a tear) He sure did.
1) 34) dialog: Almost.
1) 39) dialog: Yes, Mama.
1) 41) dialog: Yes. Sharon rises from the bed.
1) 43) dialog: Mama?
1) 45) dialog: Thank you.
6) 30) dialog: No thank you, I’m okay.
6) 49) dialog: Since March.
6) 52) dialog: Oh, yes, and Fonny wants it, too. It's our baby, don't you see? And it's not his fault that he’s in jail, it’s not like he ran away. (pleading) And we've always been best friends, ever since we were little, you know that. And we'd be married now, if-if--
6) 58) dialog: No daddy, I don’t mind.
7) 0) text: Tish and Fonny moving down the sidewalk, hand in hand. “I dumped water over Fonny's head and scrubbed Fonny's ba in the bathtub, in a time that seems so long ago."
7) 2) text: Those same DETAILS of her. “I don't remember that we ever had any curiosity concerni each other's bodies. Fonny loved me too much.” Fonny taking Tish’s hand in his. “And that meant that there had never been any occasion fo shame between us.”
8) 0) text: Just a beat this moment, this downtown train packed as th are bound to be. The couple standing, wedged into the corner of this train oblivious to everything around them, Tish fully leaned in Fonny’s embrace. Just the shimmy of the train, that rocking side to side. Tish’s eyes distinctly, noticeably staring at Fonny’s lip looking up into them. As he parts his lips to speak...
9) 0) text: The light falling, getting on to dusk. 18. Fonny and Tish moving, slowly tracing the paths of this p passing the wayfarers so integral to the charm of this pl Somehow, the two not touching here: Tish’s arms folded ab herself, Fonny’s hands clasped behind his back.
9) 2) dialog: Not right now, thank you. (and innocently) Why did you sleep in the park? Fonny taking a quick beat to get his cigarette lit:
9) 5) dialog: (after a nod) I'd like that. These two still walking, circling a path around the park. Fonny reaches an arm out, pulls her in close:
9) 7) dialog: Yeah.
9) 13) dialog: Yes. He’s fine. He sends his love. 20.
9) 16) dialog: Well. He hates it, you can see that. And he should. But he’s strong. He’ll be alright... but we've got to get him out of there.
9) 40) dialog: Why not? It's Saturday night. You can't tell what people won't do if they get bored enough. Maybe we just invited you over to liven things up?
10) 0) text: At a table more to the side than the back — none of that — find Fonny and Tish, a continuation of their date begun the previous “Montage 2.”
10) 5) text: ...face spread wide in a smile, looking from Predocito to Tish and back, from Pedrocito to us — right at us — his e alight with some mixture of joy and pride. “I had certainly never seen him in the world in which he moved."
10) 7) dialog: ...leaving the restaurant, the meal finished, Pedrocito a few other Spanish men gathered near the exit to see them As Tish looks on... “Perhaps it was only now I was able to see him with me, f he was turned away from me, laughing... but he was holdin hand." As Fonny leads Tish out onto the sidewalk...
11) 0) text: The holding of hands, a knowing smile playing about Fonny face as he watches Tish. Anticipation.
11) 2) dialog: Yes?
11) 4) dialog: But... it’s late. 25.
11) 6) dialog: Okay, Fonny. (and again) Okay. INT. TISH’S HOME, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - RESUMING Ernestine and Sheila returning from the kitchen carrying platters of drinks; the smile on Ernestine’s face is pure delight, the one on Sheila’s? Not so much. Ernestine setting down her tray, raising her glass:
11) 8) dialog: All eyes on Tish, for once alone in the room, neither her parents nor Ernestine beside her. Tish rises, nervous hand running down her waist to smooth dress. She takes a step, just a small one, symbolic, towa Frank:
11) 9) dialog: I called this meeting. I had Daddy ask you all to come over so I could tell you what I had to tell Fonny this afternoon. Mrs. Hunt setting down her ice-cream float. Sharon taking sip of her gin and tonic. Ernestine... smiling.
11) 10) dialog: (deep breath) What I had to tell Fonny this afternoon is... that Fonny’s going to be a father. (and) We're going to have a baby. All at once in this room, several things: Mrs. Hunt’s eye leaving Tish, lowering, eyes to the floor; 26. Frank and Joe turning to one another, holding each other' gaze in silence; Sheila and Adrienne rolling their eyes i contempt; Sharon and Ernestine making eye contact, a wink sip.
11) 14) dialog: The father and the mother. Mrs. Hunt staring, something smoldering in her.
11) 25) dialog: That was a terrible thing you said to me. It was the most terrible thing I’ve heard in all my life.
11) 32) dialog: My father doesn’t hit my mother.
11) 35) dialog: I am, you dried up yellow cunt, and you keep on talking, I’m going to take mighty good care of you. Adrienne putting her hands on her hips in response, in Ha an unmistakable challenge. Ernestine pounces:
12) 0) text: Fonny and Tish standing in this basement apartment. From their dress, a continuation of their dinner at the Spanis restaurant. “The realization that he has a body makes him a stranger. We take the place in as Tish does: a small, low room, but a fireplace. Just off the room is a tiny kitchenette and bathroom. There’s a wooden stool and a couple of hassocks a large wooden table and a smaller one. On the small table, a few empty beer cans and on the larg one, tools. The room smells of wood; there’s raw wood everywhere. In the far corner, a mattress on the floor covered with a Mexican shawl. Fonny's pencil sketches are pinned on the wall. The only other item: a photograph of Frank. 31. “We were to spend a lifetime in this room." Fonny standing across the room from Tish. She’s watching they both know she’s watching him. Fonny crossing to the palette there, takes up that Mexica shawl, walks over to Tish, drapes it over her head and shoulders. Grins and steps back:
12) 6) dialog: I never thought about it that way.
12) 8) dialog: I just.... Tish’s lips quivering now, whatever emotion this is it’s coming upon her fast and heavy, pushing and pulling:
12) 9) dialog: I just know that I love you. 32. She's crying now, Fonny closing the space between them, removing that shawl and pulling her into him.
12) 17) dialog: Yes. Of course it’s alright with me. I love you. Fonny not smiling, instead just watching her, the opennes their eyes here. He pulls her in close, kisses her, with feeling than before. Tish gives herself over to him. Fonny taking her hand, leading her away from the center o the room, over to that palette. Turns his back to it, sit the edge before pulling Tish down to him, a bit awkward a first but settling in, her body at his feet, head at his Fonny caresses her cheek, leans down over and kisses her, heat between them mounting. His hands finding their way, undoing Tish’s blouse, expos her, the shock of everything at first a start on Tish’s f then an agreement, a joining. Fonny pulling Tish onto the bed, undressing her, carefull gently, kissing her the whole way. She's naked. Fonny rising, scans the room and retrieves that shawl. Mo back to the bed, takes a warm look at Tish there, covers with the shawl. Disappears away from the room. 34. Beat; a beat here with Tish as she listens to Fonny in th bathroom , the sound of him pissing, the toilet flushing, quickly running water. A brief moment of quiet then... Fonny reappearing, fully naked, Tish watching him as he crosses the room, the full him as he moves through the space, approaches the one lam this room and...
13) 0) text: Breaths, all breaths and pants and sighs from somewhere d a thirst for air to keep from drowning in release. Fonny holding himself just above Tish, both shaking, both sweating, from the shape of Tish’s back, everything tense pushed to its limit. That shawl gone now, wadded in a ball in some impossible location away from them. Fonny looking down at the space between their naked bodies. He can be such a little boy, guilty smile: 35.
13) 2) dialog: (whispered) I think I made a mess too. Isn’t there supposed to be blood? (a flash of shyness) It was my first time. Did you know? From Fonny’s endearing look: of course he did.
13) 4) dialog: (whispered) I don’t mind. (and) Why are we whispering? That smile again:
13) 6) dialog: I like lying here like this.
13) 8) dialog: You just want to hear me say it.
13) 10) dialog: So what?
13) 12) dialog: Well... it was a little bit like being hit by a truck... (and) -..-but it was the most beautiful thing that ever happened to me. A long, silent beat, then...
14) 0) text: Despite the lack of a crowd, Fonny and Tish standing at t center of this car, wedged against one another, Fonny holding, protecting Tish. EXT. TISH’S HOME - DAY (DAWN) Fonny and Tish arriving on her stoop, hand in hand, the s rising over Harlem. We see these quick beats as Tish describes them: “TI thought Fonny would leave me there, but he took me by hand and said...." Fonny, directly at us, all mouth and lips:
14) 4) dialog: We was-— Good morning, Miss Rivers, I’m sorry we comin’ in so late. Can I speak to Mr. Rivers, please? It’s important. These two standing side by side, hand in hand, a unit. Th smile in Ernestine’s eyes again:
14) 6) dialog: Sis, we--
14) 43) dialog: Yes. (and) Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Joe looking from Fonny to Tish, the two of them joining hands, Tish to the side of but just behind Fonny, likely first time Joe has ever seen a man between him and his daughter. 42. A weighted, but lovely silence around the room. All of th slipping into the inevitability of this moment as we... CUT TO BLACK. And OVER BLACK, super-impose a period specific case-file, frame within the frame against BLACK: yellowed paper with brown horizontal lining, a hand written police report. We this text as Tish narrates: “Mrs. Victoria Rogers, née Victoria Maria San Felipe Sanc declares that on the evening of March 5, between the hour eleven and twelve, in the vestibule of her home, she was criminally assaulted by a man she now knows to have been Alonzo ‘Fonny' Hunt, and was used by the aforesaid Hunt i the most extreme and abominable sexual manner, and forced undergo the most unimaginable sexual perversions."
15) 0) text: Tish and Sharon sitting beside one another in a very typi very oak strewn law office. Across from them, a man who’s name we’ve heard but not me HAYWARD (late 30s, white), Fonny’s lawyer.
15) 2) dialog: That's why my sister hired you.
15) 4) dialog: No. I wouldn't say that.
15) 8) dialog: Disappeared? But...
15) 13) dialog: (sotto) That filthy bitch. (and again) That filthy bitch. Sharon reaching a hand to Tish’s back:
15) 18) dialog: But doesn't it make it look bad for her story, to just disappear like that? She's the key witness in this case.
15) 21) dialog: If he saw Fonny at the scene of the crime, then why did he have to wait and come and get him out of the house?
15) 24) dialog: You're saying--
16) 0) text: Fonny and Tish across that familiar divide.
16) 2) dialog: (calming) I don't know. But we'll find her.
16) 4) dialog: We're sending people to Puerto Rico. We think that's where she went.
16) 6) dialog: How's she going to get that far?
16) 8) dialog: Who?
16) 10) dialog: Fonny--
16) 12) dialog: I don't think they have.
16) 14) dialog: We're all working, all of us.
16) 16) dialog: Fonny, listen-- 48.
16) 19) dialog: I do. And I understand what you goin’ through, I’m with you baby. Fonny nodding that in, convincing himself. That smile aga
16) 21) dialog: It's growing. I'll start showing more next month. Eye each other across this glass, Fonny trying to hold it together, but...
16) 23) dialog: I promise, baby, I promise.
16) 25) dialog: (a tear forming) I know.
16) 29) dialog: Is that all right?
16) 31) dialog: Is this better?
16) 34) dialog: I'll always love you.
16) 36) dialog: I will. Hold on.
16) 38) dialog: I will Fonny, you know I will. 50. Fonny raising his fist to the glass, Tish meeting it. CUT TO BLACK. “Fonny had been walking down Seventh Avenue when he ran i Daniel. They had not seen each other since their days at vocational school.”
17) 0) text: Fonny and the aforementioned DANIEL standing on the sidew A lot of laughing and high-fiving from the two but we don hear any of it, instead, Tish’s narration: “Time had not improved Daniel."
18) 0) text: Tish looking on with surprise as Fonny and Daniel push in the apartment still laughing their asses off.
20) 0) text: Tish in the kitchenette there, preparing a meal as Fonny Daniel continue their talk in the main room.
20) 5) dialog: (calling out) You cats hungry?
21) 0) text: The three of them caught mid-laugh, gathered around the l wood table in this space. A few open bottles of beer abou And little Tish has made a feast: ribs and cornbread and rice, gravy and green peas.
21) 2) dialog: You hush. I'm skinny because I'm poor.
21) 4) dialog: Well, if you skinny, Daniel, you can move faster and when you in a tight place, you got a better chance of getting out of it. You see what I mean? 57.
21) 7) dialog: I'm happy to know I have some use. Tish curling her lips at Fonny across the table. He smile starts chewing on a rib. They all do, letting the talk subside for a beat as they enjoy this meal, then... .+.-Fonny and Tish locking eyes across the table, absent Daniel, away from Daniel and... “In complete silence, without moving a muscle, we are laughing with each other. We are together somewhere where one can reach us, joined."
21) 14) dialog: Yes, Mama.
21) 16) dialog: Yes.
22) 0) text: The first time we’ve seen Tish take the train by herself. Crowded as the car is, she’s incredibly alone. And visibl pregnant. “The store thought that it was very progressive to give t job to a colored girl."
23) 0) text: Entering hurriedly through the main show-floor with Tish, passing her coworkers — her white coworkers — as she hust to clock in...
24) 0) text: Tish a bit more “made-up,” standing behind the perfume counter. “I stand behind that counter all day long, smiling till m back teeth ache." As we draw closer to Tish, see the strain to keep that outward face... “And it isn't only old white ladies who come to that coun to smell the back of my hand.” QUICK VIGNETTE: Tish and an aforementioned Old White lady Tish’s smile false as the color of this women’s wig. “Very rarely does a black cat come anywhere near this counter, and if he does, his intentions are often more generous and always more precise." QUICK VIGNETTE: Tish at the counter, one of the aforementioned “Black Cats” approaching the perfume count but not stopping, moves past it with a cautionary look th Tish’s way. “Perhaps for a black cat, I look like a helpless baby sis And he doesn't want to see me turn into a whore." QUICK VIGNETTE: Tish behind the counter as a different “B Cat” approaches, comes right up to the counter. 61. “And yet some black cats come closer, just to look into m eyes, to check out what's happenin’. And they never smell back of my hand.” QUICK IMAGE SERIES: Just as Tish describes it... “A black cat puts out his hand, and you spray it, and he carries the back of his own hand to his own nostrils."
25) 0) text: Tish and Ernestine together in a corner of this dive, Tis still dressed from work. Kind of place where two women wanting to be left alone are afforded that wish.
25) 3) dialog: Bad news.
25) 5) dialog: Which we'll have to pay for. A nod yes from Ernestine.
25) 6) dialog: Okay, what’s the good news?
25) 8) dialog: How she get to Puerto Rico? Ernestine shrugging, a sip of her beer:
25) 9) dialog: I can’t go to Puerto Rico. Another look from Ernestine, more biting: obviously.
25) 10) dialog: So Hayward?
25) 12) dialog: But that's what they're doing--
25) 14) dialog: Do you think she really was raped?
25) 17) dialog: I see what you mean. But why Fonny?
25) 19) dialog: And for us, too?
25) 21) dialog: What about Puerto Rico?
25) 23) dialog: Mama? A nod from Ernestine: 64.
25) 24) dialog: She don't want to go to Puerto Rico.
25) 26) dialog: And what do you think she can do?
25) 28) dialog: And what about Daniel? Daniel can vouch for us, Daniel knows Fonny was with him.
25) 30) dialog: Some shit.
26) 0) text: Tish and Ernestine on the corner here, Ernestine throwing arm around Tish, the kid sister leaning into her. They begin down the sidewalk this way, supporting one another. As they reach the corner, the sisters turn but.. ...we continue across the intersection, moving along the crosswalk over lanes of traffic. Across this intersection, another pub there, as much a di as the one we’ve just left. As we near it, its open doors invite us into... 65. INT. 8TH AVE BERNIE’S - DAY - MOVING - CONTINUOUS Drifting through this place, lot of regulars at the bar nursing sad drinks. As we take it all in, a pair of familiar faces appearing there in the back: Joe and Frank, each nursing what appea be rocked up whiskey.
27) 1) text: “He had not expected this and at first it bewildered... t frightened and angered him." INT. TISH’S HOME - NIGHT - MONTAGE 3 The family engaged in what appears to be a spirited discussion, inaudible the whole of it, all Tish: 68. “It didn't help that I distrusted him, Ernestine harangue him, Mama was laconic and, for Joseph, he was just anothe white boy with a college degree."
28) 0) text: Tish looking substantially more pregnant than we’ve seen previously. “And so... mama begins letting out my clothes and I go to work wearing jackets and slacks."
31) 0) text: Fonny and Tish with a third man we’ve not seen before (LE tall, lanky, white). 69. “It was off Canal Street and it was big and in good condition.” QUICK IMAGE: Levy showing Tish and Fonny the loft. “There was a room for Fonny to work and, with all the win open, you wouldn't die of heat stroke in the summer." QUICK IMAGE: Tish and Fonny with Levy gazing out over the city from the industrial roof of the place. “Levy only wanted one month's rent for deposit. When he t us, I thought Fonny would have a heart attack.”
32) 0) text: The three of them spilling onto the sidewalk. Tish instinctively taking Fonny’s hand as Levy sizes them up.
33) 0) text: Walking with Tish and Fonny, this path from Soho to the Village. Twilight out, the sun falling, that energy in the street the day is ending; and peacefully. It would be a Friday, feel of the eminent weekend and all that it promises. A quiet, lazy pace these two, Tish leaned into Fonny as s wont to do. No place in particular to hurry to; what else could possibly matter? A beat of this walking then... Fonny stops; no reason, ju stops walking mid-stride. Looks to the ground, and then t the sky. Throws his head back and shouts, yells to the heavens. He’s still holding Tish’s hand. And from the smile on his face, this is a joyous shout. Tish looking into his face, the smile now spreading to he Not a word spoken between them. Without thinking, Tish th her head back as well, shouts the same as Fonny. Those smiles wider between them as they pick up their wal again, looking from one to the other. Tish catching Fonny eye. Throws her head back once more and, again, yells to the s Fonny stops, takes Tish by the hand, pulls her into him, hand to her chin, speaks softly: 71.
33) 2) dialog: Yes. (and) Ain’t nothin’ else in the world I'm more ready for. Fonny smiling, big, bright, a child’s face. He is as happ any man could be. They're walking again, approaching a corner up ahead, an intersection with a small grocer on the corner.
33) 3) dialog: I’m gonna grab some tomatoes for dinner. A delay from Fonny, just watching her. Leans over to kiss on the forehead:
34) 0) text: Tish standing near the entrance of this place, a selectio produce set just onto the sidewalk. She's at the tomato stand, rummaging through it when we h
34) 3) dialog: (to Bell, frantic) That man there attacked me. Right in this store. Right now. Every- body saw it. No one says a word. Bell looking at them all, still staring but nobody speaki Then he looks back at Tish. And Fonny. There is no pity i Bell’s face.
34) 6) dialog: He was around the corner, buying cigarettes. 73.
34) 8) dialog: (sharp) He's not a boy, Officer. Bell taking another look at Tish and Fonny as someone in crowd gets the Italian Punk to his feet.
35) 0) text: Tish and Fonny heading back the way they came. Fonny holds the bag of tomatoes in the crook of one arm; other arm he entwines through Tish’s. They walk slowly.
35) 2) dialog: Yes?
35) 4) dialog: But you were trying to protect me.
36) 0) text: Fonny and Tish escorted to their table in Pedrocito’s restaurant, holding hands as they follow him.
37) 0) text: Fonny and Tish on the palette, making love. No need for any details beyond this: making love, making all the way to and through the point of release, Tish hol on to Fonny, keeping him here, keeping him in. Both their breaths subsiding after the act, Fonny’s mouth close at Tish’s ear, all whispers and...
37) 3) dialog: Goddammit! (and sotto) Be patient. I'm doing the best I can. Please. Tish gripping that perfume counter again, a guttural grun “And then it hauls off again, like Muhammad Ali, and I'm the ropes." INT. TISH’S HOME - NIGHT Empty, at least visually so, just the furniture and a mut light from the kitchen hitting the floor. That hallway running towards the bedrooms directly before empty like the rest of this place. And yet, a sound echoi off the floors and walls here. Distinct: it’s the sound of vomiting. A beat more of this sound and then a toilet flushing, run water. A moment later... ...Tish appears, clutching her stomach and forehead at on approaching down that hall, holding onto the wall as she goes, moves past us and turns for the dining table. Sits and, within moments, Joseph appearing from just insi the kitchen, had no idea he was there, sets down a warm m of something, a wedge of lemon and bottle of honey beside He takes a seat opposite her, watches as she squeezes the lemon into the water, hangs her head over that cup a beat His eyes, all sympathy: he’d carry it himself if he could
38) 0) text: Fonny alone at the glass this time, phone at the ready, looking on as Tish waddles across the room.
38) 4) dialog: (at her belly) Your daddy figure hisself a comedian. Fonny calming, smiles at his love.
38) 6) dialog: Thank you, honey.
38) 8) dialog: Well as soon as that ain’t the truth somethin’ wrong, you tell me ‘cause I’m outta here then. Tish settles on her stool there, head lolling slightly to side. She’s relaxed now. And in that relaxed state, takes in, sees him better:
38) 9) dialog: How you doin’, husband?
38) 11) dialog: You know I love you. A nod from Fonny.
38) 12) dialog: No matter what happen with all of this sh-- Tish’s hand going to the glass, palm flat, the stool scoo back as she leans forward, all her weight going there. 79. Fonny shocked, his hand going to the glass as he shoots upright, helpless.
38) 13) dialog: I'm alright.
38) 15) dialog: I’m okay. She looks up, manages a smile, a smile streaked through w pain and clipped breaths. Fonny’s hand still on the glass, was aligned perfectly wi Tish’s. Hers removed now, always a lady: smoothing her ha looks to the guard who’s appeared over her left shoulder.
38) 16) dialog: (at guard) I’m okay. (and at Fonny) I’m fine. Fonny settling, something about this moment revelatory fo him, the physical evidence of things he’d only assumed before. If that.
38) 17) dialog: You alright?
50) 0) text: Tish at the glass, waiting as Fonny approaches from the o side. Seeing him in the light now, he looks different than we'v seen him previously, decidedly worse: gaunt, thinned. Fonny looks to Tish, looks into her as he takes up the ph
50) 2) dialog: Yes. I'm all right.
50) 4) dialog: Yes. The baby's fine. He grins. It is, somehow, a shock to Tish.
50) 5) dialog: We got to get some meat on your bones, Lord, have mercy.
50) 7) dialog: (hesitant) But listen... there’s something I gotta tell you. Fonny nodding, readying himself:
50) 8) dialog: Mama came back from Puerto Rico. She found Victoria, but... 94.
50) 9) dialog: the girl went crazy, they don’t know where she is now. Beat.
50) 10) dialog: So the trial might get postponed. Fonny holding Tish’s gaze here, knows she’s watching him, does everything in his power to keep it together, to not break, the strain on that receiver in his hand palpable.
50) 11) dialog: Fonny...
50) 13) dialog: Hayward’s not charging us no more, we almost got the money to bail you out. Takes a moment, just enough for the delay to read:
51) 0) text: A very pregnant Tish rising from the subway station, a pa sack clutched in her arms, gang of knickknacks spilling o the lip of it. She's a bit frantic, in a hurry as she hits the sidewalk looks up to double-check where she is, get her bearings. A half a block with her this way, this hurried gate, then .».-she hits the corner, red-light at the crosswalk. The streets full with the mid-afternoon rush. Tish taking all in, glad for a brief respite here at the corner when. ..-she looks left, sees a familiar face: Officer Bell. Approaching up the avenue, taking his time, not a hint of hurry to him, the spitting image of “whistling Dixie.” 96. Tish glancing to the light, sees it go yellow, but... rat than cross, she turns toward the avenue, turns to face Be meet him head on as he nears. That smile of his. That ridiculous fucking smile.
51) 2) dialog: No. (and) No thank you. Tish looks into his eyes. There is something passing betw them, deliberate and fierce. Bell watching and Tish not looking away, nor betraying herself: gives him no emotion, just the veil.
51) 5) dialog: I'm not afraid. Beat. An extended, unbearable beat.
51) 7) dialog: Good-night, Officer.
52) 0) text: The only time we’ve been here not focused on that side ta so synonymous with Tish and Fonny. Instead, find Tish huddled to herself in a table near the back, away from anyone else. Tish staring at the plate before her, a simple paella. Fr the looks of it, she hasn’t touched it. As he passes, Pedrocito deftly takes the plate without stopping. 97. A beat with Tish, the simple loneliness on her face, then ..-Pedrocito returning, appearing from the direction he'd escaped to, has a fresh plate in hand. Sits it before her, the heat of it releasing waves of vap into the air.
53) 0) text: Tish in the backseat but, not a cab, up in the front: Pedrocito. He won’t let her walk, he’s driving her home.
53) 1) text: Tish startles in the back seat, Pedrocito’s eyes going to rearview:
54) 0) text: Tish sitting in her chair, looking up out the small windo the sun faint, nearly night out. That bag she was carrying sitting on the table beside her She reaches for it and... lurches fully, doubles over lik something strong and full of purpose just socked her. The moment passing, Tish checking her watch and looking a the door again. A resigned sigh and she stands, looks dow into that bag and begins pulling things from it. A few small items at first and then, surprisingly, a bloc wood. Takes the wood, walks it over to Fonny’s work table goes to set the block there as... the phone rings. Tish’s hand at her belly as she moves to the phone. Gets hand on the receiver but takes a breath before picking it does so only after her breathing calms.
54) 2) dialog: How are you, Adrienne? 99.
54) 4) dialog: Why? I haven't seen him, I know he's seen Joseph, but I haven't-- The weeping through the phone startling Tish:
54) 5) dialog: Adrienne? Adrienne talk to me, what's the matter? Sound of Adrienne getting herself together on the other e stifling those sobs: Adrienne, don't--
54) 7) dialog: I swear to God, I Tish, I know you don't like me-—
54) 8) dialog: Adrienne, you and me, we had a little fight, but that don't mean I don't like you. You're Fonny's sister. And if I love him, I got to love you. And that don’t matter ‘cause I don’t wish for nothin’ bad on nobody.
54) 10) dialog: Yes, of course I will, Adrienne. Of course. Tish slowly removing the phone from her ear, shock runnin through her face when...
54) 14) dialog: (sitting) That was Adrienne. She's looking for Frank. She said he, he got fired and he was real upset. And Adrienne, that poor child sounds like she's gone to pieces. Mama, has Daddy seen him? Sharon's still; still standing, still watching. She’s listening, yes, but also studying, evaluating.
54) 17) dialog: Tired. Funny.
54) 19) dialog: Yes. Thank you, Mama. That might be a good idea. It might help to settle my stomach. Sharon heads into the kitchen, knows just where Tish keep the Brandy, rather than pour it brings the bottle and a s glass over, sits them beside Tish. Sharon nodding at questions in her own head, studying Tis 101.
54) 21) dialog: A little. It'll go away. Sharon watching as Tish opens the bottle, takes a small s from it, doesn’t bother with the glass. Sharon moving to kitchen.
54) 23) dialog: Yes.
54) 25) dialog: He's beautiful. They beat him up, but they didn't beat him, you know?
54) 29) dialog: What’s wrong?
54) 31) dialog: Does Fonny know? 102.
54) 33) dialog: I've got to tell him.
54) 35) dialog: I’ve got to tell him now--
54) 37) dialog: I've got to.... Tish trailing off there, like she’s been dazed, losing th train of thought as it’s formed. She stares at the entry there, still open, the cement wall rising up to the sidew