44) 20) text: Frankly lady, it’s hard to believe you got a daughter. 85. That said as a come-on. To her shock, Sharon is empathizi with Victoria.
47) 0) text: Sharon reaching the third level of this makeshift walk-up rounds a banister and finds herself in a dim corridor, apartment doors on either side running back toward the sunlight. She begins down the hall, the doors of all these places a to various degrees, Sharon peeking into each cautiously. At the end of the hall, Sharon easing toward a cracked do With care, she places her foot within the threshold, nudg the door wide as the space of her shoulders. SHARON'S VIEW: within the room, a thin, blonde-haired gir going about cleaning. Sharon is staring. The girl is pregnant. VICTORIA turns, feels Sharon watching. A brief beat of th facing one another, ten, twelve feet between them. From h indifferent look, Victoria has no idea who Sharon is.
47) 2) dialog: No, Sefiora. You are mistaken. I am Sanchez. 88. They watch each other. Sharon is still leaning in the ent Victoria makes a movement toward the door, as though to c it, but stops. She touches the crucifix at her throat.
47) 3) dialog: Excuse me, Senora, but I have work to do, if you please? I don't know any Mrs. Rogers. Maybe in one of the other places around here? She looks at Sharon with bitterness. Sharon straightens a for the first time, they are looking each other in the ey
47) 5) dialog: Sefiora, I have my work to do. What do you want with me? I do not know you.
47) 7) dialog: Do you smoke, Sefora? She extends the pack toward Sharon. There is a plea in Victoria's eyes and Sharon, with a sha hand, takes the cigarette and Victoria lights it for her. puts the pack back into the pocket of her housecoat.
47) 9) dialog: Look. I ain't got nothing against nobody. But I got to ask you to get out of here. 89.
47) 14) dialog: It looks like him. (and, coldly) But he wasn't laughing when he was raping me. That taking the air out of Sharon, her breath going shall at its utterance, can feel Victoria calcifying in the mom
47) 16) dialog: Look, lady, before you go any further, just let me tell you, you can't do nothing to me, I ain't alone here, I got people.
47) 18) dialog: Lady, I think you in the wrong place. Ain't no reason to talk to me. Ain't nothing I can do. Sharon looks away from her, out the window, the scramble her thoughts wrought clear on her face.
47) 20) dialog: Too long.
47) 22) dialog: Listen. Leave my children out of this. It’s hot, Sharon takes off her jacket.
47) 27) dialog: I did see him.
47) 29) dialog: What makes you so sure?
47) 31) dialog: One thing I can tell, lady: you ain't never been raped. That statement registering viscerally: Victoria has been raped. By someone.
47) 32) dialog: You might have known a nice little boy, and he might be a nice man — with you! But you don't know the man who did — who did — what he did to me.
47) 34) dialog: Yes, I'm sure! They took me down there and they asked me to pick him out and that’s what I did, I picked him out.
47) 36) dialog: There's lights in the hallway, I saw enough. Sharon grabs her again, and touches the crucifix.
47) 38) dialog: Get out of here! Get out! Victoria is screaming in Spanish. Doors open. People begi appear. Sharon hears the horn of Jaime’s taxi. One of the older women in the hall comes to the door, and takes Victoria in her arms. Victoria collapses, weeping, this woman's breasts; and the woman, without a look at Sharon, leads her away into the hall. Everyone else is staring at Sharon. An interminable silen Off the sound of Jaime's horn...