0) 0) text: The SPACESHIP is not large. It slightly resembles a refle tive, hot-air balloon, a Christmas tree ornament, inscrib with a delicate cothis des An oben hatch door stretches down to the grassy landing site. Soft pastel light spills from the interior of tne SHIP, and in this light, we make the movements of CREATURES.
0) 1) text: The CREATURES are short, stocky, numanoid, but our distan and the misty atmoschers prevant any close identification of feacures. The CREATURES are banded together, working with strange, antiquated tools, probing the Earth. Their jerky movements and their reaction to the slightest sound an owl hooting, a bird flying, the rustle of leaves - rav their hesitancy and fear.
5) 0) text: THE SOUNDS of the forest rise: birds, babbling brooks, the twitter of insects. THE CREATURE moves deeper inte the forest. AT HIS TEET: A TABLEAU ° . A perfect tableau -- wildflewers, ferns and moss. 10 1l 12 13 14 is 17 18 15 20 21 REVISED - 8/26/81 ae
5) 3) text: THE CREATURE stands, silhouetted on a ragged bluff. A sea of yellow house lights lies below him. Faint sounds o£ civilization intrude on the soft noises of the forest.
5) 13) text: The car door opens and a man steps out. Seen cnl the waist down are: dark pants, heavy boots and ring of KEYS hanging from his belt. a huge The KEYS make a tremendous racket, displacing all other sounds of the night.
8) 0) text: The hatch door lifts. The last image from the interior of the ship is the FELLOW CREATURE's RED LICHT, as the ship's petal-door spirals te a close and we HEAR a panicked group breath. 32 “~~ 33 34 35 mo. 36
10) 0) text: The ship hovers, then departs cuickly, spinning above the treetops and disappearing into the night sky.
12) 0) text: MARY is filling the dishwasher, singing along to her song The boys are eyeing her suspiciously. ELLIOTT (0.¢.) Help! Let me in! MARY unlocks the door.
14) 0) text: He notices the footprints. He follows them. The prints come to an abrupt end. ELLIOTT parts two tall stalks of corn and shines the flashlight between them. E.T.'s face comes bursting threugh the corn stalks. It is a terrible sight, like nothing we have ever seen before. E.T.'s wide head is tightened back in leathery creases and furrows. His thin lips are parted in a horrib grimace, His large round eyes are wide, the pupils dilated to an enormous size. Tiny, sharp teeth are barec as E.T. makes a terrifying sound--an imitative noise--the SOUND of KEYS. The flashlight hits the ground. ELLIOTT hits the ground. In the light we can see ELLIOTT's small fingers dig into the soil. E.T.'s ugly head screams again. ELLIOTT hugs “the ground. He makes a soft, scared sound. 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 ELLIOTT's POV = NIGHT 8? E.T.'s odd foot steps into the light, and we watch the SPACEMAN walk through the garden, up the stairs and out the gate.
16) 0) text: ELLIOTT is racing along the street on his bicycle.
18) 0) text: ELLIOTT walks his bicycle through the forest, his eyes searching for any sign of E.T. 64 65 66 is.
20) 0) text: ELLIOTT reaches into his pocket and pulls out a large bag of MaM's. He begins making a trail through the forest in the direction of his heme. gaee
21) 27) text: I set and cleared up.
23) 0) text: ELLIOTT is curled up, asieep on the ground. We begin to HEAR E.T.'s peculiar BREATH PATTERN, and we SEE Ris MIST moving slowly closer to ELLIOTT through the hedge of bushes besice the boy. It is a frightening moment, a sense of impending doom. CLOSE: ON ELLIOTT oe Sound asleep, his head resting on his arm. CLOSE: ON E.T. As he suddenly appears beside the hoy. E.T.'s face is soft now, his eyes wide and gentle, his mouth closed. He is shivering badly. £.7. stares at ELLIOTT. He searches the boy's face. WIDER: ELLIOTT & E.T. Slowly, ELLIOTT opens his eyes. He instinctively pulls away when he‘wakes to see £.T. standing next to hin. E.T, also instinctively pulls away. =.T. is shivering. (CONTINUED)
23) 5) text: Eating, watching ELLIOTT. E.T.'s eyes are beginning to droop.
23) 7) text: ELLIOTT walks over to his bunk bed and tosses whatever is on the bottom bunk onte the floor. ELLIOTT pats the bed and beckons E£.T. with sign language. Sut £.7. is already lying down on the floor. ELLIOTT throws a blanket over him and sits cown in a nearby overstuifeé chair. fLLIOTT pulis his feet up and hugs his legs to his body. &.T. pul the blanket around him and looks up to the boy. :
23) 8) text: ELLIOTT touches his eye. £.T. touches’ his eye. ELLIOTT - touches his mouth. E.T. touches his mouth. E.T.'s eyes close. His breathing becomes lighter, and he appears to be asleep. ELLIOTT steps down from the chair anc tiptoes closer to the creature. E.T., caught in the moonlight coming through the skylight dragon's fiery breath, makes a soft, scared sound with his breath.
25) 5) text: REAR a sharp inhalation as the decor opens. SEE MARY's looming shadow reach into the closet and grab quilt. The quilt is a fat bundle - it looks as if it Might contain £.T. ’ INT. ELLIOTT's ROOM - DAY 88 ELLIOTT's face expresses panic. MARY shakes out the quilt Relief--it is only a quilt. Boysoo062
26) 4) text: £.7. sits in the dark closet. HEAR the sounds of the fami leaving the house. Finally, the door opens, and ELLIOTT sticks his head in. E.T. gets to his feet.
26) 17) text: E.T. moves back to the desk and examines the debris on it a mountain of stuff which has been organized by MARY. E.T pulls on a handle and dumps the contents of the desk draw on the floor. He stoops to examine this wonderful stuff: rubber bands, pens, pencils, screw driver, string, nails. Under the desk is an umbrella. E.T. presses a button on t handle and the umbrella pops open, scaring the CREATURE half to death. . 96 37
26) 23) text: ELLIOTT stares at E.T., then whispers. ‘ELLIOTT . It's okay. It's oniy the phone. Relax. Yes. Stay. . E.T. sits, sandwich in hand. INT. MARY's ROOM - DAY a Lo 97 The phone is automatically answered on the third ring. We HEAR this recording:
27) 0) text: At the moment of £.T.'s fear of the umbrella, we cut to E standing at the refrigerator. ELLIOTT shrieks and dross.a bottle of grape juice, splattering glass and purple ligui across the kitchen flocr. INT. ELLIOTT's ROOM - DAY 95 BACK TO E.T. having some difficulty getting to his feet. door opens and ELLIOTT peeks in, two Gripping peanut butt and jelly sandwiches in his fists.
28) 0) text: E.T. and ELLIOTT stand side by side, facing the mirror, eating their sandwiches. ELLIOTT holds his hand up to the mirror, and E.T. holds his up >eside it. :
29) 6) text: Fantastical drawings of make-believe creatures. BACK TO: ELLIOTT & £.T. ELLIOTT looks from the book to £.T. E.T. looks from the book to ELLIOTT, with the same expression of confusion,
29) 7) text: ELLIOTT is redecorating this large closet, which separate his room from GERTIE's, while E.T. watches from the doorw Stuffed animals have taken position as the “front line," blocking view of the “living area," an empty cell Lined w storage boxes and unused recreational equipment. s cell is padded with a patchwork quilt and rounded with pillows. A dogbowl full of water sits next to a bag of Or
29) 8) text: He lifts a newspaper and mfolds it. The glare through the closet's window silhouettes ELLIOTT's face behind the colored funny pages. ELLIOTT lays the newspaper on the fl
29) 14) text: This segment features 2 spaceman standing beside his cras Spaceship on a cesolate planet. The lower corner reads, "To Be Continued.” : 106 BACK TO £.T.: 106 x.. PULL BACK as E.T. ponders the comic. io7 INT. KITCHEN - Day . 107 MICHAEL, wearing his football jersey and shoulder pads, unlocks the kitchen door and steps into the house, singin MICHAEL (singing) “Accidents will happen, but it's only hit ‘n run..." * 108 INT. ELLIOTT's ROOM = DAY 108 MICHAEL opens the door. ELLIOTT stands in the center of h debris strewn room. MICHAEL makes himself at home. ELLIOT remains stiff and motionless. (CONTINUED)
29) 40) text: MICHAEL and GERTIZ leap into the closet. The door closes, then opens a second later, and E.T. comes tumbling into t closet. The door closes with a bang. INT. ELLIOTT’s ROOM ~ DAY : : . ilo MARY steps in to ELLIOTT's room. ELLIOTT is draped over the stuffed chair. The room looks as if a cyclone hit it. MARY : oe Bi, honey...what happened in here! we : ELLIOTT gh? What do you mean? .) .
31) 26) text: Shock, horror and realization on their faces. WIDER: £.T. AND CHILDREN we . 121 E.T. points to the same small ball and back to himself.
31) 38) text: E.T. backs into the “living area" of the closet. ELLIOTT slips out of the closet. INT, ELLIOTT's HOUSE - NIGHT ELLIOTT quietly sneaks down the stairs and out the front
33) 3) text: His door opens, and MICHAEL, clad in Pajamas, comes in an Climbs up next to him. Together they stare in the directi ef the closet. The HERA HOVES across the filthy room and teward the closet. The door is open, and a dim light can be seen. . INT. THE CLOSET ~ NIGHT ‘ 30% 5909 128 The CAMERA moves into the closet, past the barricades of storage boxes and stuffed animals. E.T. sits in his livin area, locking through one of Gertie's ABC books. He turns the pages slowly, stopping at the letter 'B', for BOY. E.T. touches the drawing of the small boy. E.T. looks up, and his attention is drawn to the GERANIUM now placed under the closet window. £.7. stares at the fl
34) 0) text: ELLIOTT pedais his bike slowly down the sidewalk as MICHA walks beside him. They are dressed for school: Jeans, jackets, backpacks. They both look worried. (CONTINUED)
34) 10) text: He's a man from outer srace, Elliott! A real live extra terrestrial! We could ail wake up and find ourselves on Mars or something, surrounded by millions of these little, squashy guys.
35) 0) text: They have reached the corner bus stop. Children cf all ages are grouped together on four different corners. As ELLIOTT and MICHAEL reach the corner, TYLER yelis out.
37) 0) text: E.T. sticks his head qut sf Elliott's bedrocm door. The house is quiet. Only HARVEY is home and he rises from his post outside Elliott's door when he sees E.T.
38) 0) text: An empty kitchen. E.T.'s head peeks around she coor. Convinced he is-alcne, £.T. waiks into the kitchen. The refrigerator starts to hum suddenly. 2.1. stops in his tracks. He assumes his defensive, cpen-mouthed, hewli position. Nothing happens. £.T. opens the ice box door. He shivers in the blast of cold air, but recognizes objec of food and lingers long enough to get something co eat: handful of potato salad and a can of beer. £.T. sticks hi jong, skinny finger in the beer can's poo-top and pulls i free. He pours the beez down his throat. INT. SCIENCE LAB - DAY . got? 136 ELLIOTT is scribbling "E.T." over and over again on his Peechee as the SCIENCE TEACHER at the front of the room rambles on ahout frog dissection.
38) 3) text: He tries to climb the side of the glass jar, his webbed feet slipping on the smeoth surface. The frog croaks. 138 139 140 141 142 143
39) 0) text: E.T., carrying two cans of beer, wanders into the family playroom. Gertie's "SPEAK-AND-SPELL" is lying on the couch. E.T. po another beer top, pours the contents down the hatch and cautiously presses a button on the toy. The game speaks t "SPEAK & SPELL” VOICE Gc C. Can you spell cat? The T.V. remote control is lying beside the "Speak-&-Spel E.T. presses a button on that. The TV cemes on. E.T. turn to it, astonished. INSERT: . ‘139 An evangelist is healing blind people in a circus tent.
40) 0) text: HARVEY is at E.T.'s side. E.T. opens the refrigerator and pulls out another beer and something wrapped in tin foil. E.T. opens the tin foil and finds a piece. of meat. The m is unrecognizable to him, and he drops it on the flceor a he reaches for another handful of potato salad. BARVEY eagerly eats the meat as E.T. starts back toward the playroom. An open newspaper on the kitchen table stop him.
40) 6) text: o™ (to himself) Save him. The PRETTY GIRL next to ELLIOTT stares at him. ELLIOTT lo down at his frog, now breathing its last. In an instant, ELLIOTT pulls the top from the jar, reaches in and Lifts the frog. The children around ELLIOTT are shocked. ELLIOT goes to the next jar and frees that frog, then the next a the next. The classroom is in turmoil. Frogs are leaping freedom.
41) 0) text: E.%. looks again at the cartoon. Quickly, =E.T.'s head sp eon its neck as he spots household items: the zing Blende the knobs on the stove, a pincushion stuffed with pins, t kitchen radio cn the windew sill, the tinfoil on the fico now being licked by HARVEY, an empty coffee can.
42) 0) text: E.T. comes back into the playroom, still spotting things: pair of toy walkie-talxies, a wooden hanger, an electric pencil sharpener. E.T. goes to the couch and punches the remote control.
42) 2) text: E.T. lifts the "Speak & Spell", and his fingers play on the buttons, activating the digital read-out board and the toy's voice. E.T. looks up at the T.V. _ ; gee INSERT: |” gots?” 155 The hero grabs the heroine, pulls her head back and kisses her.
43) 0) text: ELLIOTT is being led by the scruff of the neck from the ¢lassroom. The PRETTY GIRL stands near the doorway, a happily croaking frog in her hands. She smiles at . ELLIOTT. ELLIOTT grabs the girl by the hair, bends her ever and kisses her on the lips. Children are tripping all over themselves trying to catch frogs. 158 1s9 160 161 162 163
44) 0) text: ELLIOTT walks cown the long school hallway followed by his TEACHER. . INT. PLAYROOM = DAY i59 E.T. is sitting in front of the couch, a blanket laid out picnic-style at his feat, ‘The blanket is covered with th household items spotted by E.T. in his last appearance. Some of them have already been dissected, wires and screw are separated into piles. BARVEY is still on the scene. Suddenly his ears perk up. We HEAR the front door open. £.T.'s attention is on his 5 pile of stuff. Qb& : go got?
49) 0) text: "Sesame Street" has come on the T.V. We HEAR BIG BIRD's voice: . *
49) 7) text: GERTIE watches T.V., and we HEAR BIG BIRD introduce the letter "B".
51) 0) text: E. T. looks at GERTIZ. HEAR the letter "B" (for many o™ things) being repeated on television. GERTIE x B. E.T. : x B. GERTIE . x You said B. Good! . E.T. . . B. Good. - x MARY (0.C.) , x Gertie. GERTIE climbs up on the back of the couch where she can see her mother in the kitchen.
54) 0) text: £.T., now wearing the cowgirl hat, belt and gun, stands a the foot of the stairs. The blanket which had held all th collected household items is now wrapped into 4 puiky pundie. £.7. stares at the bundle and concentrates. The bundle begins to bounce its way up the staircase. GERTIEC stands beside E.T. She laughs and claps out the stair-cou
59) 6) dialog: Elliott ELLIOTT smiles. GERTIZ moves to his side.
59) 8) text: E.T. Can you say that? I'm Elliott. You're E.T. E.T. E.T. - GERTIE . . “Be good." I taught him that. ELLICTT hands GERTIE her cowboy clothes and Pushes her ou the door. ELLIOTT. You should give him his dignity. LulOTT shuts the door on Gertie. He looks back at £.T. £E iifts the FLASH GORDON cartoon and shows it to ELLIOTT. ‘ ELLIOTT ‘ x Is this ... strategy? . =£.T. inhales and speaks. ander x E.T, ot go x Phone. R ELLIOTT x Phone? E.T. points to the cartoon and out the door. ELLIOTT does understand. £.T. carries the cartoon to the closet door l to ELLIOTT's room. ELLIOTT epens the door.
59) 19) text: 184 185 REVISED - 8/28 . 7 63. CONTINUED i83a: £.T. looks longingly out the window, E.T. come. OMIT 184 x
62) 7) text: E.T. is sitting in his nesting area. A man's old college jacket is draped over his shoulders. He is working on his COMMUNICATOR. A definize mechine has begun to take shape. The wooden hanger now has twenty six colored wires protruding from the dowel stick, and th wires are attached to the open "Speak & Spell." The Speakers from the "walkie-talkies" are taped to the front of the "Speak & Spell," and a heavy piece of coaxial cabl leads from these speakers to a coffee can., At this moment, E.T. is examining the workings of 2 child record player. He is also listening to MARY tell GERTIE her bedtime stor MARY (0.¢.) "What, Tink, you have drunk my medicine!" She flutters strangely around the room, answering him now ina very thin tinkle. "It was
63) 0) text: ELLIOTT is sound asleep in the top bunk. A copy of "How Things Work" lies on his chest. The closet door opens. =.7. steps into the room. =.T. goes to
64) 0) text: MARY is asleep in her bed. E.T. enters the room. He pause at the door and locks at Mary's dress hanging on the clos door, a leopard skin dress. + E.T. looks around MARY's room, a room filled with plants. E.T. moves closer to MARY. CLOSE: MARY. Boole 191 E.T.'’s head rises on its long neck to peer down at MARY' sleeping fisure. WIDER: - 192° MARY turns over, and E.T. can see her naked back. (CONTINUED)
66) 4) text: An auto accident. A WOUNDED MAN is being loaded onto a stretcher. A NEWSMAN sticks a microphone in his face. 197¢ BACK TO E.T. i97¢ A white light becomes visible under E.T.'s ghost sheet. E.T. raises his finger. It is glowing. E.T. strokes his finger through the air, not far from the television scree
66) 5) text: The MAN on the stretcher suddenly sits up. He feels his bones, nothing is broken. He shouts.
66) 7) text: E. T.'s legs buckle and he starts to collapse under the shock of the flash camera. MICHAEL and ELLIOTT grab his arms and pull him back to his feet. MARY has not seen thi slip, she is laying the camera on top of the television a pulling free the instant photo.
66) 8) text: The WOUNDED MAN. is on his feet, dancing, screaming, grab the microphone and yelling.
67) 0) text: MICHAEL has reached the drivewey. ELLIOTT runs to join hi and they lead E.T. slowly down the drive. HARVEY is with
68) 0) text: Establishing shot: The streets are filled with children, dressed as cats and clewns, princesses and pirates.
69) 0) text: ELLIOTT, E.T. and MICHAEL move among the throng of "Trick or Treaters". HARVEY is at their side.
70) 0) text: Through the ragged eye-holes of E.T.'s sheet, we see his view of this strange night -- his first view of earthly society. There are children of all sizes, dressed up in all types of outfits. Remaining with E.T.'s POV, we see.a small YODA approaching.
72) 0) text: ELLIOTT huffs and puffs his wey up the dirt road. £.T. sits in the basket. : EXT. FOREST ~— DUSK 2039 ELLIOTT pulls off the fire road and guides his bike dewn forest path. =. T. turns his head to find the source of every forest noise. . OMITTED . 210 x gor BACK TO ELLIOTT AND E.T. 43° 212 . Qo E.T. Elliott.
73) 0) text: ELLIOTT steers the bicycle awkwardly through the heavy fo E.T. is bouncing in his seat.’ His excitement is contagio
73) 2) text: E.T. is too excited to wait through all this talking. a focussed concentration, E.T. LIFTS THE BICYCLE INTO
74) 0) text: It is all ELLIOTT can do to grab the handlebars and take the ride. ‘The bicycle glides five feet over the tall gre and circles the landing site.
76) 0) text: The bicycle crashes on impact. ELLIOTT, still laughing, s up and pulis his cape off. 5.7. is on his feet. He helps ELLIOTT unload the COMMUNICATOR.
77) 0) text: ELLIOT? and E.T. place the COMMUNICATOR on the ground.
78) 0) text: £.T. descends the rocky incline and moves toward the forest, unwinding string as he goes. 2 EXT. THE EDGE OF THE FOREST - NIGET ann . 221 E.T, ties the string te a tree limb. The wind blows. The tree limp moves. The string pulls taut.
79) 0) text: an ELLIOTT stands beside the COMMUNICATOR. He watches it com to life. The string pulls the record player arm which pulls a spring which pulls a hook which rotates the sawbl surface, purposefully catching in the pattern of holes. The screen of the "Speak & Speil" lights up, but instead ‘letters, we see dots and dashes <-- odd, unearthly shape Through the "walkie-talkie" speakers, we hear unearthly s E.T. is now beside ELLIOTT. He reaches into the boy's "Trick or Treat" bag and pulls out spools of colored wire
80) 0) text: CLOSE: on E.T."s hands as they slide a wire into the vein of a leaf. E.T. digs a wire into the trunk of a massive redwood tree. He divides a wire between the thin branches ofa pine tree. £.T. taps the power of the forest.
83) 0) text: Elliott's door is closed. Suddenly, a light in his room ‘goes on. We HEAR loud CLICKING, and see an extension cord, plugged into an outlet cutside Elliott's room, 2 pull taut under the door. gr yo INT. ELLIOTT'S ROOM - NIGHT oa Qdv 223R X The SOUND of KEYS. The SOUND of a GEIGER COUNTER. The closet door is pushed open.
83) 1) text: : Elliott has a “bocby-trap" ‘set up just inside the clos door, a large bell. As the deor is pushed open, the bell falls, ringing gently. .
83) 3) text: Into the nesting area, E.T.’s home. The SOUND of the GEIGER COUNTER grows louder. EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT 223V xX MARY's car rounds a corner. VIEW OF THE STREET: The innocence of early evening has be replaced with the craziness of teenage Halloween. Boys an girls in bizarre "punk" outfits are reaming the streets. house is beeing t.p.'d. Firecrackers are going off and th street is filled with the rainbow effect of smoke bombs. is not a violent sight but one of wild abandon.
83) 8) text: REVISED 9/8/81 Tép. CONTINUED . 223V xX MICHAEL and GERTIE stand in a pool of light cast from a street lamp. The Dead BOYS stand nearsy, watching che fun MICHAEL turns and sees his Mother's car.
84) 0) text: MARY peers through the windshield. and sees MICHAEL and GERTIE. Just as she spots them, an egg hits her windshiel and obstructs her view. She brakes. EXT, NEIGHBORHOOD STREET ~ NIGET 223x (x)
87) 1) text: : : : . — 30 E.T. steps back. ‘The wind blows. If only we could see vibration lines, we would witness E.T.'s message beaming into space. . EXT.’ LANDING SITE - NIGHT : 227 E.T. sits next to his machine. He stares at the sky. ELLIOTT whispers:
87) 8) text: E.T. looks up at the sky. He refuses to budge. ELLIOTT sits down beside him. Together they stare at the sky.
89) 0) text: MICHAEL comes careening down the driveway on Elliott's bicycle. . EXT. STREET - DAY . a . - 253 | A car pulls out of a driveway and follows MICHAEL. We can see the forms of three men sitting in the car. MICHAEL turns and sees them.
91) 0) text: MICHAEL is fast-pedalling the bike, tearing down the alle The car backs up and turns down the alley. “EXT. BETWEEN TWO HOUSES - DAY MICHAEL guides his bike down the narrow passageway betwee two houses. The car pulls to a halt. There is no way 2 it can follow. 500 Qo
94) 0) text: MICHAEL looks down at the COMMUNICATOR. He lifts the whit sheet that once covered E.T.
96) 0) text: MICHAEL comes out of a heavily wooded area. He stops dead in his tracks. . , WHAT HE SEES: Lying in the creek, his head twisted at a grotesque angle, is E.T. .
97) 0) text: MICHAEL stands under tree coverage aS é helicopter flies over his head. : When the helicopter is gone, MICHAEL reaches into the tre and pulls out the bicycle. He hops on and rices Gown the E.7., wrapped from head to toe in the white ghost sheet, is in the basket.
98) 5) text: E.T. is back in-his resting area. He is wrapped in a quil His eyes wearily open and close as he watches a daddy lon elimb up the wall beside him. ELLIOTT ané MICHAEL sit on either side cf him. ELLIOTT holds E.T.'s hand.
100) 0) text: Elliott's house has been invaded by the "best and the bri scientists and doctors galore -- medical Goctors, psychia biologists, geolocists, raciclogists, cardiologists, even Psycholocist. All have come to Brebe the mystery that has within this home. and it élso appears, they have come to to save two lives - E.T.'s and ELLIOTT'S. MARY is sitting straight-backed chair. MICHAEL is across the room, sittin Piano stool and GERTIE, clutching the Indian doll, has th couch all to herself. HEAR and SEE bits and pieces of what is going on: ° MARY As KEYS moves through this rtom on his way to the PLAYROO Let me go to my son. . get A doctor takes a sample of MARY's blood. 490 poctor 9 Any. environmental. changes that have occurred since the, ah... "it" has been sequestered in the home? Temperature, humiégity, light intensity? A doctor takes MICHAEL's blood pressure. coOcTOR Did you notice any superficial changes in his skin color, or breathing? Any hair loss, any evidence of surface sweating?
103) 50) text: Elliott, your friend is a rare go ~ and valuable creature. We want to know him. If we get to know him, we can learn sco many things about the universe and about life. You understand that, don't you? ELLIOTT nods. He turns to face KEYS, KEYS fo And it's because of you that w might all get to finally know something about ourselves. Because you saved E.T. and protected him. and were good to him. Can you let us do our part now? Can you let us try to save him?
103) 59) dialog: _ E.T. rolls his head over and leoks at ELLIOTT. £.T.'s e mere slits now. His mouth is open, and his chest is heavi sporadically. E.T. Elliott. There is a gasp of amazement, laughs, sobs, then silence. ELLIOTT a You can stay with me. gr’ I'll be right here. : oe 4 ATTENDANT e° Blood pressure failing. fo,
104) 0) text: MICHAEL enters Elliott's room. Even this recom has been d A huge air tube has been shoved through the skyligni. The sheet is blowing in the stream of clean air coming in thr the hose. MICHAEL goes to the closet.
104) 1) text: E.T.'s closet. All of his things are there. There is stil where his body once sat. MICHAEL sits in that spct. He tr his best to retain control, but hot tears spill down his MICHAEL notices the GERANIUM.
106) 16) dialog: He is dead. EXT. HOUSE - DAY Te 295 LONG SHOT: There is a sudden flurry of activity around th Men in blue jumpsuits are breaking apart the air tubes an Gismantling the tall scaffolding.
107) 0) text: The D&D boys, TYLER, STEVE and GREG, are behind the sawho which cordon off the circular end of the street. There is guite a crowd of people behind them, neighbers, newsmen, The. boys are straddling bicycles.
108) 0) text: E.T. lies in state, packed in a zin-up bac, covered with ice. The ice is steaming, and the steam clouds the plasti walls of the "clean-room." go ob2
109) 0) text: A man carrying a lead box, a small coffin, walks past ELL A second man helps the first lift E.T. into the box. : INT PLAYROOM - DAY 30¢ KEYS steps behind ELLIOTT and puts his hand on the boy's KEYS |. Would you like to look at him, once? vee ELLICTT looks up at KEYS.
110) 12) dialog: g0 Come. Home. ELLIOTT takes off his flannel shirt. He is now stripped t his long-john underwear, REVERSE: KEYS and MARY 308 They watch ELLIOTT remove his shirt.
110) 24) dialog: Stay. i) : YS gn as
112) 0) text: MICHAEL is leaning against the refrigerator, sad and alon ELLIOTT goes to his brother and throws his arms around hi MICHAEL returns the embrace, and the two are lecked in wh looks like a private moment of griez. But we SEE that ELL is whispering in MICHAEL's ear. By his posture, the movement of his arms, the tightness o grasp, we can read from MICHAZL's bedy that he has just h that E.T. lives. The brothers' embrace turns from grieZ t MICHAEL whispers into ELLIOTT's ear. ELLIOTT nods. PULL BACK: “314 We can see the neglected GERANIUM sitting on a table clut with surgical tools, face masks, and microscopes. The GER straightens. Fresh green x aves shoot out of its dead ste Buds appear. It ccmes back to life.
113) 0) text: ELLIOTT stands at the entrance to the air tube leading fr house to the van. His hands are in his pockets. His head bowed. Two men pass him carrying the lead box containing They place the box on the floor and enter the air tube. ELLIOTT looks down the tube.
114) 4) text: soy 318 INT. LIVING “ROOM - DAY 317 ELLIOTT looks down at his feet again when the me MARY enters the Living room with KEYS. the top of the head. Mm reenter the house. She kisses ELLIOTT on
116) 0) text: The VAN pulls away from the front of the house. As it zig down the driveway, it rips the air tube away from the fro The pneumatic seal is broken. sefore our eyes the plastic draping the house, collapses. The VAN skids to the bottom the driveway, pulling twenty feet of air hose behind it l flailing tail of a dragon.
117) 0) text: MICHAEL leans cn the horn. Policemen scurry to move the sawhorses. The crowd parts to let the VAN through. The D& boys are still in the crowd. The VAN slows down long enou the barriers to be removed -- long enough for the D&D boy ‘look into the front seat. MICHAEL sees them. He pulls of face mask.
121) 0) text: As the VAN careens down the street, are men in the air tube. INT. AIR TUBE - DAY ° Two men are dragging themselves up the tubs as it bounces along the street, moving toward the VAN.
125) 0) text: GERTIE stands on the back seat and sticks her head betwee then. KEYS lcoks at MARY.
127) 0) text: ELLIOTT pries the last latch Open just as the men are abo to reach the VAN. The tube is free, It falls to the groun INT. TUBE = Day . 336 The two men grab the sides of the tube as it rolls to a s EXT. STREET - pay 337 The VAN rounds a corner. Dry ice spills from the beck of
129) 0) text: The VAN comes around a bend, headed for “the Lookout." 342 343 344. 345 346 REVISED - 8,/31/81 ios. EXT. ALLEY - DAY 341 x There are the D&D boys, standing in formation, straddling their bikes. MICHAEL's and ELLIOTT's bicycles are ready to be mounted. HARVEY stands in front of the boys, pantin The VAN screeches to a hait. MICHAEL jumps out and runs t the rear of the VAN. The DéD boys come to meet him. ELLIO and E.T. stand in the rear of the VAN. E.T.'s heart-light is really flashing now. The D&D boys freeze when they see who is standing next to ELLIOTT. ELLIOTT smiles at the boys.
132) 0) text: ‘MICHAEL, STEVE, TYLER and GREG are speeding along on the bicycles. They flank ELLIOT's bike. E.T. sits in the fron basket. This is bicycle riding that only fearless young b would attempt. They jump curbs, they lean into corners, they conquer every obstacle.
135) 0) text: The alley empties into a street. The boys spread out. The stand on their bikes, pedaling as if their lives depended Two marked cars pull out of nowhere and block their path. appears as if the boys will crash right into the cars. Bu don't. Instead, they rise above the cars. E.T. has regain his strength. The five bicycles, still in formation, lift the air. They fly over the cars, over the streets, over t houses. OxT. THES SKY - DUSK 35% Each boy has his own separate moment of magic. Only ELLIO is composed. He takes the lead, banks his bicycle to the and screams. ELLIOTT gor Head for the forest! aoe The boys follow him, like a flock of birds, ©
136) 0) text: The bicycles skim the treetops. - :
142) 0) text: E.T. steps into the beam of lavender light. He Looks up and whispers. E.T. Yes. Ready. got ELLIOTT rises and stands behind E.T. aoe ANGLE - THE SKY %° 358 The Spaceship appears.
145) 0) text: GERTIE has reached the top of the rocky incline. Behind h SEE MICHAEL ¢limbing up to the landing site. GERTIE falls she reaches the top and leave the GERANIUM on che greund. E.T. helps GERTIE get to her feet. GERTIE smiles at him.