8) 2) dialog: What's the matter? Ben's mouth opens a little bit and closes again.
8) 3) dialog: The guests are all downstairs, Ben.  They're all waiting to see you.
8) 5) dialog: These are all our good friends, Ben.  Most of them have known you since - well - practically since you were born. Ben has not moved.  Now the bed on which he is lying move as though someone has sat down upon it next to him.
8) 6) dialog: What is it, Ben? The CAMERA BEGINS TO PULL BACK SLOWLY.
8) 8) dialog: - worried?
8) 10) dialog: About what? Ben
8) 12) dialog: What about it?
8) 14) dialog: To be what?
8) 18) dialog: No!  No - we're just on our way downstairs! Mr. Braddock gets off the bed and goes to a chair and picks up Ben's jacket which is lying across it.
8) 20) dialog: (to Mrs. Braddock)
8) 22) text: Come on. Mr. Braddock puts the jacket on Ben.
8) 24) dialog: It's a wonderful thing to have so many devoted friends. They move out of the door, Mr. Braddock steering Ben.
9) 5) dialog: That's Ben's graduation present.
9) 25) dialog: Ben! Ben (to the ladies)
9) 27) text: Mr. McQuire
9) 28) dialog: (overwhelmed with pride)
10) 1) dialog: Ben - I just want to say one word to you - just one word -
10) 3) dialog: Are you listening?
10) 5) dialog: (gravely)
10) 8) dialog: There is a great future in plastics. Think about it.  Will you think about it?
10) 10) dialog: Okay.  Enough said.  That's a deal. Mr. McQuire turns and walks back into the house.  The people at the other end of the yard look toward Ben.
13) 0) text: SHOOTING THROUGH THE OPEN FRONT DOOR.  Mr. Braddock is talking to the Terhunes at the door.  Ben and Mrs. Robinson come down the hall.
20) 5) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen - your attention, please - for this after- noon's feature attraction.
21) 0) text: The sun shines brightly.  Standing and sitting around the pool are Mr. and Mrs. Braddock, their friends MR. and MRS. ARNOLD, and the Arnold children, PETER and LOUISE, who are eight or nine.  Watching from across the fence on one side of the house: the young girl from next door and her boy friend.  Across the fence on the other side of the house: a quartet of adults, formally dressed as though for a cocktail party, holding drinks and watch- ing.  One of them holds a baby.  The Braddocks, the Arnolds and their children are dressed in California Contemporary Sport Style: the adults in styles infinitely too young for them, the children in styles infinitely too old for them. Mr. Braddock stands alone at the end of the pool near the house.  The others are grouped, more or less, at the othe end.  Mr. Braddock is hamming it up.
21) 1) dialog: Hey, over there -- I mean you! Your attention please! Mr. Braddock has moved over by one of the windows of the house, the window into the kitchen.  He speaks quickly - in a fake sotto voce - towards the window.
21) 2) dialog: Are you ready in there, feature attraction?
21) 4) dialog: - what was I saying?
21) 6) dialog: Right.  Hey - I'm glad to see you're paying attention.  A feature attraction that will be one of the most astounding events ever to take place in this particular backyard. They all laugh and some applaud.
21) 7) dialog: Now I'm going to ask for a big round of applause to bring this boy out here - wait a minute - let me amend that - to bring this young man out here - because today he is twenty-one-years- old -
21) 8) dialog: (his hands like a megaphone)
21) 10) dialog: Just hang on a minute because I have a few words to say -
21) 11) dialog: You always do. They laugh; Mrs. Arnold makes a face at Mr. Arnold as he grinningly acknowledges the reponse to his snappy comeback.
21) 13) dialog: Twenty-one-years-old, ladies and gentlemen; four of those years spent accomplishing some rather extraordinary things at one of our nation's leading seats of learning -
21) 14) dialog: Bring him out!
21) 16) dialog: (to the window)
21) 19) dialog: (to his audience)
21) 20) text: This boy - I'm sorry - this young man - is soon to continue his education as a Frank Halping- ham Award Scholar - but before he does - Mr. Braddock darts back to the window.
21) 21) dialog: - before he does - (to the window)
21) 24) dialog: (meaning it)
21) 26) text: He is going to give us a practical demonstration of what I feel safe in saying is a pretty exciting birthday present - and it better work or I'm out over two hundred bucks - so let's hear it for - Mr. Braddock moves to the screen door and pushes it open. It slams against the wall inside.
21) 27) dialog: - Benjamin Braddock!
22) 3) dialog: Folks - this remarkable young man is going to perform for you some spectacular and amazing feats of daring in water that is over six feet deep - Ben's arms come into view and pull the mask down. We are now looking through the mask as we MOVE FORWARD down the hall.  Everything is slightly distorted through the glass.  Ben's hand comes up again with the breathing apparatus in it. SOUND: the rythmic PUMPING of air, obliterating the SOUND of the people around the pool who seem to be applauding and chattering noiselessly. We MOVE out of the door and toward the pool.  Mr. Braddoc is running back and forth, clapping his hands and delivering his now soundless pitch. We MOVE DOWN the steps and into the shallow end of the pool.  Mr. Braddock is moving along the side of the pool, motioning toward us to come down to the deep end.  He joins Mr. Arnold at the far end of the pool.  They both begin to motion us toward them. We get to the deep end of the pool.  Mr. Braddock signals us with his hand to go under.  He kneels down by the edge of the pool and reaches out with his hand and pushes us under.  He has a big smile. We SURFACE again and PAN AROUND for a last look.  The figures, through the slightly distorted glass of the mask of Mrs. Arnold and Mrs. Braddock, watching and smiling; the neighbors on each side of the house, looking over the fences and laughing and pointing; Mr. Arnold nodding encouragement and talking; Mr. Braddock on his knees, smiling and trying to reach out far enough to push us under.  We GO UNDER and SINK to the bottom of the pool.
37) 7) text: Mr. Braddock is passionately stoking a barbeque fire.  Mr Braddock is going toward him from the house, carrying som ominously large thing wrapped in tinfoil.
44) 1) dialog: Ben - what are you doing? Ben turns toward us and looks.
45) 6) dialog: Why?
45) 8) dialog: Have you thought about graduate school?
45) 10) dialog: Would you  mind telling me then - what were those four years of college for?  What was the point of all that hard work?
45) 12) dialog: (trying unsuccessfully to control himself)
45) 13) text: Now listen, Ben.  I think it's a very good thing that a young man - after he's done some very good work - should have a chance to relax and enjoy himself, and lie around, and drink beer and so on.  But after a few weeks I believe that person would want to take some stock in him- self and his situation and start to think about getting off his ass. Mrs. Braddock steps in beside Mr. Braddock.
48) 1) dialog: Elaine's back from school.  I think it might be a nice gesture if you asked her out. Benjamin looks at his father for a moment, then continues eating and reading.
50) 3) dialog: I guess she's not good enough for you, is that it?
50) 5) dialog: How do you know?  You haven't seen her since high school.  I guess your evenings, whatever you do with them, are just too valuable.
50) 7) dialog: I guess I'll just tell Mr. Robinson that you're just too busy every evening - doing God knows what -
74) 0) text: Ben dressed differently, stands by the window overlooking the backyard.  Over his shoulder, we can see Mr. Braddock down by the pool, dressed in a sweater, cleaning the pool with a long-handled scoop.  Mr. Braddock looks up at Ben' window.  Ben moves aside.
77) 0) text: It is early morning.  We see a swinging door pushed open to reveal:  Mr. Braddock, dressed in a bathrobe, standing at the kitchen counter by the window through which we can see an orange tree.  Mr. Braddock is pouring orange juice from a MINUTE MAID container.  Ben stands inside door.
77) 1) dialog: Say that again.
77) 3) dialog: Well - well - well - He almost giggles as he crosses to Ben and takes his hand to shake it.  Mrs. Braddock appears in the doorway.  Ben is shaking his father's hand.
77) 5) dialog: Ben says he and Elaine are getting married.
77) 7) dialog: That what he says.  Right?
77) 10) dialog: Come on, let's call the Robinsons. We've got something to celebrate.
77) 16) dialog: Wait a minute.  You talked to Elaine this morning?
77) 18) dialog: She doesn't know that you're coming up to Berkeley?
77) 22) dialog: Ben - this whole idea sounds pretty half-baked.