8) 16) text: Different. As Ben says this, the door to the bedroom opens and MRS. BRADDOCK looks in.
8) 17) dialog: Is anything wrong?
8) 19) dialog: The Carlsons' are here.
8) 23) dialog: They came all the way from Tarzana.
21) 0) text: The sun shines brightly.  Standing and sitting around the pool are Mr. and Mrs. Braddock, their friends MR. and MRS. ARNOLD, and the Arnold children, PETER and LOUISE, who are eight or nine.  Watching from across the fence on one side of the house: the young girl from next door and her boy friend.  Across the fence on the other side of the house: a quartet of adults, formally dressed as though for a cocktail party, holding drinks and watch- ing.  One of them holds a baby.  The Braddocks, the Arnolds and their children are dressed in California Contemporary Sport Style: the adults in styles infinitely too young for them, the children in styles infinitely too old for them. Mr. Braddock stands alone at the end of the pool near the house.  The others are grouped, more or less, at the othe end.  Mr. Braddock is hamming it up.
43) 0) text: We see Mrs. Braddock in the kitchen.  Ben comes through the back door, moves to the pool and dives in.  The raft floats in the center of the pool.
45) 13) text: Now listen, Ben.  I think it's a very good thing that a young man - after he's done some very good work - should have a chance to relax and enjoy himself, and lie around, and drink beer and so on.  But after a few weeks I believe that person would want to take some stock in him- self and his situation and start to think about getting off his ass. Mrs. Braddock steps in beside Mr. Braddock.
45) 14) dialog: The Robinson's are here. Mr. Robinson steps in beside the others.  They blot out the sun.
45) 20) dialog: Say hello to Mrs. Robinson, Benjamin.
46) 0) text: Ben, halfway dressed to go out, in slacks, shirt and tie, sits in a chair.  The door opens and Mrs. Braddock enters
46) 1) dialog: Can I talk to you a minute?
46) 3) dialog: Benjamin?  I'm going to ask you something but you don't have to tell me if you don't want.
46) 5) dialog: Well I'm going to ask you what you do when you go off at night.
46) 7) dialog: You don't have to tell me if you don't want.
46) 10) dialog: What else?
46) 12) dialog: Well you don't drive around from midnight until noon the next day, Benjamin.
46) 14) dialog: Then what do you do?  Do you meet someone?
46) 17) dialog: Well this is your business, Benjamin. (she starts toward the door)
46) 21) dialog: Benjamin, I'm not going to pry into your affairs, but I'd rather you didn't say anything at all than be dishonest. Goodnight, Benjamin.
46) 25) dialog: Because I know you don't drive around for twelve hours.
46) 27) dialog: Not if you don't want to.
46) 29) dialog: But I don't want you to make up something.
46) 31) dialog: Goodnight, Benjamin.
46) 33) dialog: No.
46) 36) dialog: 
46) 37) dialog: (she exits)
48) 0) text: Ben sits at the table, eating his breakfast and looking at the back of a cereal box.  Mr. and Mrs. Braddock are there.
49) 0) text: Ben is lying on his bed.  Mrs. Braddock stands in the doorway.
49) 1) dialog: Don't you think that she's a terribly attractive girl? Because I think she's one of the prettiest girls I've ever seen. Ben gives a small whimper.
50) 0) text: Ben is lying face down on his raft in the middle of the Braddock pool.  The sun shines down.  His diving mask is on over his eyes.  His face is in the water, looking down at the bottom of the pool.  Mr. and Mrs. Braddock, in their bathing suits, are in the pool, paddling around Ben.  During the entire conversation they continue to swim around and around the raft, trying to talk and keep their heads above the surface.
50) 1) dialog: It's pretty embarrassing.  I really don't know what to tell Mr. Robinson.  It's ackward and strained for me every time he suggests that you call up Elaine.
50) 8) dialog: Don't go on like this.  Now if Benjamin absolutely refuses to take her out -
50) 10) dialog: - then I'll simply invite all the Robinsons' over for dinner on Thursday.
77) 4) dialog: What's happening?
77) 6) dialog: I don't believe it.
77) 9) dialog: Oh, Ben - this is so - exciting -
77) 12) dialog: They don't know?
77) 14) dialog: Well - when did you decide all this?
77) 20) dialog: When did you two talk this over?
77) 24) dialog: But what makes you think she wants to marry you? Ben picks up his suitcase, walks to the door and turns.