1) 32) dialog: Absolutely. Lookin' forward to it.
1) 34) dialog: -- Jane, what are you wearing to                  the graduation?
1) 36) dialog: Fancy.    Okay. Jane smiles tightly, raises her eyebrows to Sally.
1) 41) dialog: We're at The Park Regent too.                      
1) 44) dialog: So, Ted, do you think you can help us get Pedro into El Montecito for kindergarten?
8) 0) text: Jane flies into the elevator, out of breath and a little nauseous. She taps on the Lobby button.   The elevator mo down. PING. The DOORS OPEN and Jane looks into an empty hallway, facing a SIGN that reads, Santa Barbara Fertilit Center. Helping Couples Become Parents. Jane hears someone is about to get on the elevator, steps back toward the corner. A messy looking 5 YEAR OLD BOY dashes in. Jane recognizes him. She looks up and Jake and his wife, Agness, in oversized dark shades and a long bla dress (very Angelina Jolie) get on the elevator, obviousl mid-argument.
8) 5) text: Hello. AGNESS
8) 8) text: Hold on Pedro, I'm talking to someone. Pedro sits on the floor, crashing into the back wall of t elevator. AGNESS
8) 13) text: Uh, no... changed. Jane looks at the fertility literature in Jake's hand jus Jake slips it behind his back. An awful two seconds of silence, then Jane notices a tattoo of a tiger on Agness' back. It creeps her out.
24) 15) text: Oh, God, but I am. I'm having an affair with Agness Adler's husband. The Women all SCREAM as Jane fans herself. TRISHA
27) 0) text: Water is running in the sink, even though no one's at the sink. Jake is in the shower stall, fully dressed, putting away his cell. He quietly pushes the shower door open and then carefully shuts it with a small snap. Jake fake coug and then turns off the sink water. He checks his watch wh he hears GLASS BREAKING in another room then hears Agness calling his name in anger. He leaps.
27) 8) text: (making sure Agness doesn't hear) What are you talking about? PEDRO
27) 10) text: What do you have, x-ray ears? Agness joins in briefs and a white tank, black bra peekin through. She holds a broom. AGNESS
27) 13) text: Pedro!    Darling...                                    AGNESS
27) 17) dialog: (to Pedro)
27) 19) text: Yo. Can you help? Agness EXITS back to the kitchen as Pedro stares at Jake.
33) 10) text: My marriage is... not turning out as I hoped. That's obvious.... Agness started out really looking up to me... We never used to fight but now... with the kid....lately we're all about where he's gonna go to school and now she says we need            a bigger house, more help. I was thinking of cutting back at work...           now that's never gonna happen. And            she wants another baby before Pedro gets too old which I get but since we're always fighting... oh, God, listen to me. JANE
44) 36) text: -- Say you're busy. Agness has a dinner thing tomorrow, I can come over. (Jane hesitates)
47) 3) dialog: (not looking at him)
47) 6) dialog: Carry him to his bed, will you? Jake carefully lifts Pedro off the bed.
47) 7) dialog: (while reading)
47) 10) dialog: Why do you think I cancelled my dinner? Agness pulls her t-shirt over her head... she is gorgeous
57) 17) text: Hey, there's your ex-husb-- Uh-Oh.                      He's headed right toward us. Not                        the time to be "feeling groovy"                         (dances again when he sees                          Jake in SLOW-MO getting                            closer and closer) Oooo. Why so intense, big fella? Adam slides a bit behind Jane as Jake arrives with Agness looks inappropriately youthful. JAKE
57) 20) text: Adam, this is Agness, Jake's wife... (suddenly realizing) Now that is an odd sentence for me to say since that was me for most of my life. Seriously. How weird is that? Both of us married to the same man! AGNESS
57) 23) text: Because there, is...fascinating. I mean, when you think about it, it sort of links us in some cosmic                         crazy way, doesn't it, Agness? Of                       all the men on the planet, we both said "I do" to this guy. AGNESS
59) 0) text: A small group is dancing to a hip hop song on the patio. Adam and Agness are dancing together. They're totally int it. Jane makes her way to the dance floor as the song end and The Beach Boys "Wouldn't It Be Nice" begins. Jake follows Jane dancing his way toward the crowd, spinning G on his way. Jake takes Jane's hand...dances with her. Harley arrives next to Lauren and Gabby who watch their parents.
59) 4) text: Sweetest divorced couple in the world..! Agness is surprised by how happy Jake looks with Jane.
59) 7) text: Jake, I'm gonna....                                       Jane and Adam cross toward one another. Jake dies a littl as Jane leaves him, her eyes on Adam. Jake doesn't notice Agness is watching him.. Jane, now dancing with Adam, loo from Adam to Jake then back to Adam and then doesn't look back at Jake again. Jake is still as he watches the woman he loves slip away. Agness has her eyes firmly on Jake, not missing any of it
72) 16) text: Okay. Let me explain. The reason I left Agness wasn't just because my marriage wasn't working. (The Kids wait...) I've also fallen in love...back in love... with your mother. Or maybe I never stopped loving her. GABBY                                       
76) 31) text: I told him it wasn't going to work between us but I guess he didn't believe me and unbeknownst to me, he showed up at my house yesterday. He left Agness and... ADAM