2) 6) dialog: Arise and shine, young Hood.
2) 8) dialog: (finishing a hit) The water, as you call it, is a special mixture of amaretto and Ben&amp;Ben blended for just the exact chemical interaction with the last of our precious Thai stick. Paul reluctantly walks over and takes a hit. He coughs, spewing uninhaled smoke.
2) 9) dialog: Waste not Master Hood -- that was $20 for the bag.
2) 11) dialog: Paul, cancel your mental appointments, baby. What are you, like still stoned from last night?
2) 37) dialog: See ya.
2) 39) dialog: Paul, let me enlighten you about something. You and I exist on two opposite sides of a great existential divide, that being your pathetic virginity on the one hand and my astonishing number of sexual conquests on the other. I'm off to get laid. See you.
2) 41) dialog: And remember, with your erogenous zones lubricated as such with the mighty herb, do not attempt terrestrial contact with members of the opposite sex -- because you drone on like a motherfucker when you're stoned. He waves his fingers toward Paul's eyes, in the classic "stoned" gesture, then wanders off. Paul looks on at the gathering. Marge waves to him from t dance floor.
4) 4) dialog: Do what?
4) 6) dialog: (beat) Um, Libbets Casey.
4) 8) dialog: Aha! I could sense the vibe.
4) 10) dialog: Am I right or am I right?
4) 12) dialog: My man, I speak to you solely as a comrade in arms offering unconditional aid. I've been giving this one a lot of thought, and I believe that the two of you together might just reach that higher ground that -- A knock at the door.
14) 42) dialog: (lifting the book up) You oughtta read this Hood, Nixon, our leader, all ye need know about the travails of life. Check out the Checkers speech stuff.
14) 44) dialog: All will be revealed, baby. The television is turned on to a weather report about the coming ice storm.
14) 45) dialog: Awesome sleet and rain.
14) 47) dialog: Howdy there. You, young knight. Can you check on the mead? Can you sally forth and secure us some more mead?
14) 49) dialog: (nasal voice, impersonating a TV character) Moisture! Moisture!
14) 55) dialog: Hell on the fillings. Paul opens the other two beers and hands one to Libbets. light up a joint.
14) 56) dialog: Everything's gonna freeze, the big freeze.
14) 92) dialog: Like into one of the other 20 or so bathrooms they've got in this place. Paul takes out the bottle and opens it.
14) 94) dialog: Pharmaceutical! You are a god.
14) 97) dialog: Groovy. (to Paul) Young master of the revels, a treat for our hostess?
14) 100) dialog: Come on Paulie, share the wealth. You copped 'em from her mom's stash anyway.
14) 116) dialog: The foot... the foot... toeclipper man... Paul is sitting on the couch, and Libbets comes back and at his feet, facing up to him.