4) 91) dialog: (not looking up, but alarmed) Who said so?
4) 93) dialog: I don't have a girlfriend. Mikey returns to his reading -- a copy of The Sensuous Wo obviously well pawed over. He absentmindedly picks his no As he flips the pages, a beautiful, almost electrical HUM SOUND begins to fill his ears. He frowns and pauses to li to it. Sandy, who has picked up a balsa wood miniature plane, obviously doesn't hear it. Mikey focuses on the plane as Sandy waves it through the Perhaps the hum is the sound of its engines as it soars through the sky...
4) 181) dialog: (as he returns to the group, ball in hand) Did anybody hear that? The other kids snicker. Wendy looks on, and catches Mikey eye for a fleeting moment.
4) 203) dialog: Want some gum?
4) 205) dialog: (opens his mouth, displaying the gum on his tongue) I'm chewing. She puts the Twinkies back, and pops the gum in her mouth They stand together chewing.
4) 207) dialog: Tell Sandy? What? Wendy doesn't say anything.
4) 208) dialog: You didn't tell him either, did you?
4) 260) dialog: Yeah?
4) 262) dialog: Sure, anything but this English. Sandy puts the open textbook in front of him.
4) 264) dialog: I'm not good at math. Just geometry. He looks at the book.
4) 265) dialog: (drawing out his examples on a piece of paper)  It's like, you know when they say "two squared"? And you think it means 2 times 2, equals 4? But really they really mean a square. A square with a side of two. And the area of the square is four. Like every time you use the word, like squared, or cubed, it's really space, it's not numbers, it's space. And it's perfect space, but only in your head, because you can't draw a perfect square, like in the material world, but in your mind, you can have perfect space. (pause) You know? As Mikey goes on, we see his geometric doodles, and hear faintly the HUMMING SOUND under his voice.
4) 268) dialog: (honestly confused) You were gone? Sandy looks at Mikey as if pondering a lost cause.
4) 270) dialog: Uh, I dunno. OK I guess.
4) 307) dialog: Because of molecules we are connected to the outside world from our bodies. Like when you smell things, because when you smell a smell it's not really a smell, it's a part of the object that has come off of it -- molecules. So when you smell something bad, it's like in a way you're eating it. This is why you should not really smell things, in the same way that you don't eat everything in the world around you  - because as a smell, it gets inside of you. So the next time you go into the bathroom after someone else has been there, remember what kinds of molecules you are in fact eating. An embarrassed silence.
6) 25) dialog: (honestly oblivious, as usual) I dunno. She pauses, then walks into the kitchen.
6) 30) dialog: (without looking up, in unison) Thanksgiving break. She walks out of the room again. Sandy comes in, whip in hand, looks over at Mikey and Wen then walks over to them, and, without a word, slumps down beside them and watches the TV.
6) 51) dialog: I don't ever want to see you.
6) 82) dialog: I dunno. I -- They're now in front of the Hood's house.
6) 86) dialog: (tripping off of his bike) Business? Uh, I dunno. Ben grimaces, fiddles for his car keys. As Mikey remounts and rides off, Wendy passes her father the driveway.
11) 0) text: He finishes putting his clothes back on. As he reaches fo the door, he hears voices and quickly steps back in again Teenage voices. Mikey and Wendy.
11) 1) dialog: See, no one's here. Maybe you want to go to the basement?
11) 3) dialog: There's a TV in the basement. Hood hears their steps down into the basement.
11) 5) dialog: Maybe we can mess around. You know, only if you want to...
11) 7) dialog: Why did you -- with Sandy?
11) 9) dialog: You like him? He worships you. But Wendy doesn't seem to hear -- she's drawn to an objec lying next to a bean bag chair off to one side.
11) 12) dialog: Wendy! She puts the mask on.
11) 14) dialog: (muttering) When worlds collide.
11) 16) dialog: 4:30 movie. When Worlds Collide. Ben arrives, folds his arms.
11) 20) dialog: Hey, hang on there, Mr. Hood --
14) 64) dialog: You're parents at that party?
14) 67) dialog: You get in trouble?
14) 69) dialog: I'm sorry if I got you into trouble. Maybe we don't have to, you know... unless you really want to.
14) 76) dialog: Out.
14) 78) dialog: (pausing) Yeah. When it freezes, I guess that means the molecules are not moving. So when you breathe, there's nothing in the air, you know, to breathe in to your body. The molecules have stopped. So it's clean. Sandy just looks at him. He walks out into the night.
15) 78) dialog: Oh shit. Glued by an electrical pulse to the rail, he shakes as th current flows through him. After a minute, his body slumps and slides down the road.