3) 0) text: Carol and Alice are at the stove in the good old orange and olive colored kitchen, circa 1973. They can see the backyard through the windows in the den. They can also hear the racket.
3) 2) text: ALICE a Re Doesn’t sound much like music to me, . Mrs. Brady.
16) 2) dialog: Hotcakes, everybody! Alice then steps to the entranceway to the kitchen, and awaits the thundering herd. Peter is first.
16) 3) dialog: (continuing) You/re always first, Peter.
16) 6) dialog: I’ve got hotcakes for everyone -- that is if Peter decides to leave you any.
16) 12) dialog: Jan, don’t you think you should have a figure before you start watching it?
16) 58) dialog: All right. All luncheaters line up. The kids get ina line, and Alice grabs a lunch at a time and like a pitching machine delivers it to the proper child. Bobby and Cindy are the only ones with lunch boxes
19) 0) text: Alice finishes clearing the table and goes into her room. Just as she exits, Rocky and Junior enter the kitchen. A near miss. They stop to munch on a few leftover hotcakes. They think they’re alone in the house now. Rocky looks around critically. i
19) 2) text: INT. SAM’S BUTCHER SHOP SAM, the butcher and Alice’s longtime boyfriend, is helpi a customer, MRS. STONE, in his small establishment.
19) 6) text: INT. ALICE’S BEDROOM
19) 10) dialog: I just called to remind you about tomorrow night.
19) 12) dialog: Sam, nobody bowls at the Hollywood Bowl. The kids are competing in the finals of the amateur contest.
19) 14) dialog: (sarcastically) Of course not, Sam.
19) 16) dialog: Fine, Sam. And you know what you can do with your bowling ball. She hangs up.
20) 9) dialog: Peter, you’re in trouble again. She puts the pieces back together and moves up the stairway, dusting the banister on her way up. INT. MIKE AND CAROL’S BEDROOM Rocky is opening all the drawers. He looks through a jewelry box, finds several gold chains. He hands them to Clarence, who bites on them, and shakes his head.
21) 0) text: They walk toward the girls’ bedroom. As soon as they pass the walk-in linen closet, Alice exits into the hallway wi an armload of towels and sheets. She doesn’t see then; nor they her. They enter the girls’ bedroom. Alice enters Mike and Carol’s bedroom. INT. MIKE AND CAROL’S BEDROOM Alice puts her load down on the bureau and looks at the mess that Rocky has made.
21) 1) dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Brady never left their room like this before. Maybe they really got into it. Maybe Mr. Brady tore off her clothes, and threw her on the floor and -- (reacts) Mr. and Mrs. Brady??? Nahhh!!... She shakes her head and goes to work straightening up. ees 27 INT. GIRLS’ BEDROOM | Alice freezes as she hears the toy from the other room.
21) 4) text: INT. BATHROOM oy Alice is terrified. She opens the umbrella.
21) 5) dialog: Yeah? Well, I’ve got an umbrella. With that, she realizes the folly|of her position and run out the door.
22) 0) text: Alice races for the stairway. Rocky, Junior and Clarence enter the hallway and follow her.
23) 0) text: _In a desperate effort to escape, Alice slides down the banister. As she does, the umbrella pops open. Junior and Clarence follow as each slides down the banister and cut her off as Rocky points his gun at her as he walks do the stairs.
23) 5) dialog: (nervously) You’re not going to do anything to me, are you? Rocky looks at her -- not exactly his type of woman.
23) 7) dialog: What do you want?
23) 10) dialog: I don’t know where it is. I’m only the housekeeper. Mr. and Mrs. Brady? I hardly know them. Heck, I can’t even keep the kids straight.;, Greg, Marcia, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Prancer, Donner, Blitzen?
23) 12) dialog: How should I know? Rocky makes a more threatening gesture with his gun. Alic gives in.
23) 13) dialog: (continuing) Right this way. Alice leads them back up the stairs and through the hallway. INT. MIKE AND CAROLS’ BEDROOM They enter. Alice crosses to the dresser. Over the dresser is a large portrait of the Bradys, the one along the stairs. Alice swings the portrait away from the wall to reveal a wall safe. Junior looks at Mike’s architectur degree on the wall.
23) 17) dialog: I don’t know. Rocky menaces her with the gun again.
23) 18) dialog: + (continuing) Honest, I don’t know. I’m just the housekeeper. Why else would I wear this dumb blue uniform? Think about it. Would you tell your housekeeper the combination to your safe? I could be a crook or something. (realizing) Not that I have anything against crooks. Junior indicates the framed degree.
23) 20) dialog: Too bad the safe won’t open. I guess you’ll be running along, huh?
23) 24) dialog: They’re not expected home for a long long time.
27) 0) text: Carol enters and puts down the packages. Still no sign of Alice. .
28) 0) text: With Mike’s belts, Alice is tied’'to one of the dining ro chairs which has been moved to the center of the room. She is gagged.
29) 0) text: Carol is puzzled that Alice hasn’t answered. She decides to see what the matter is and crosses to the...
30) 0) text: Carol enters and sees Alice on the chair.
30) 4) text: The crooks descend the staircase and approach Alice and Carol. Alice gets out of the rest of the belts.
30) 9) dialog: The worst part was not being able to talk. So I could tell ‘em what I think of them.
31) 2) dialog: Why don’t you just take the phone off the hook?
31) 5) dialog: (to Junior) And you’re wearing Greg’s.
31) 8) dialog: And you look real good in them.
33) 14) dialog: We are. We’re very nice people. of all the people we know, we’re the nicest.
40) 0) text: Clarence is holding a gan on Alice, Marcia, Peter, Jan, Bobby, and Cindy. Junior is in charge of this group.
42) 0) text: The Brady family members are all in their traditional Places in their seats. Two chairs are pulled up on either side of Carol for Rocky and Junior. Rocky has his gun on the table next to him. Junior sits next to Marcia. Jan is none-too-pleased. Clarence sits in another chair next to Cindy, who is close to screaming at all times. He is an eating machine, and pays no attention to anything goin on at the dinner table. Alice brings out a _Platter of fo and puts it down. Rocky immediately digs in, and has awfu eating habits. Everyone looks at hin.
43) 0) text: Alice is cooking dinner. Peter comes up to her.
43) 1) text: (whispering) Alice, do we still have those big cell batteries that. we took on the camping trip?
43) 2) dialog: They’re on the service porch. Why? Peter doesn’t answer. He disappears to the service porch. cuT To
50) 0) text: The lights are on, and all the furniture has been pushed to the sides. Nine sleeping bags are laid out on the floor. Each Brady is in pajamas, and standing next to his/her sleeping bag. Alice, in her classic sleepwear and pin curlers is next to her sleeping bag. Rocky, Junior and Clarence are on the first landing of the stairs, guns still in evidence.
50) 31) dialog: Talk about a tough audience.
55) 0) text: Rocky leaves Junior and Clarence in charge of the others, and enters the kitchen as Alice starts to prepare breakfast.
55) 1) dialog: What’s the matter? Afraid I’m going to slip something into your food? ROCKY ; No. I just like a good meal. At prison we were lucky if they slipped food into our food. THE FRONT DOOR BELL RINGS. Rocky immediately tenses up.
55) 5) dialog: T don’t know. Rocky goes through the archway into the sleeping bag lade living room.
57) 0) text: Sam enters and finds Alice.
57) 1) dialog: Sam! What a surprise. — SAM “ I‘ll bet it is. Especially since you told Mrs. Brady you didn’t want to see me.
57) 2) dialog: Sam, it’s not that. It’s just that this isn’t the right time. Sam puts the package down on the table in front of Alice.
57) 10) dialog: Sam, I can’t explain right now. Things are different. That’s all. You better leave.
65) 0) text: Carol, Alice, Marcia, Jan and Cindy wait uneasily as Rock and Greg approach Carol.
72) 2) text: Alice can be seen baking cookies through the screen.
79) 0) text: Carol, Cindy, and Alice are ushering the mothers and Sunflower Girls, who are leaving. Charlotte and Doris are leading their children. Olivia is munching on a cookie. Rocky crosses to Clarence, who is also eating a cookie.
79) 19) text: Carol, Alice, Greg, Marcia, Jan; ‘Cindy, Rocky, and Clarence. The moment is frozen in time. All Cindy has to do is pick up the gun.
85) 13) text: Mike, Alice, Rocky and Junior in the wings. Sam and Darry in the audience. The Emcee, etc. But:
88) 25) text: The Emcee assumes Alice is Mrs. Brady. He grabs them, and pulls them on stage.
88) 40) dialog: 
88) 42) dialog: Sorry, Sam. I understand how you feel, but what was important to you was your 123 average.
88) 47) text: Rocky and Junior hustle the Bradys and Alice towards The Bowl exit, leaving Sam and Darryl.
99) 0) text: Rocky, Junior, and Clarence are putting all the Bradys an Alice in the attic, a place filled with various articles from various "Brady" episodes.
102) 0) text: The oddest of sights. Down the straight wall of the house are the six Brady kids linked by arms to legs as they low toward the ground. Greg’s arms are inside the window, where Alice, Mike and Carol support most of the weight. Peter holds on to Greg’s legs, Marcia holds onto Peter’s legs, Jan holds onto Marcia’s legs, Bobby holds onto Jan’s legs, Cindy holds onto Bobby’s legs.
106) 6) dialog: What about Alice? How come nobody thinks about Alice?
106) 34) dialog: All weeping.
106) 37) dialog: It was me, folks, taking my first driving lesson.
108) 0) text: The family and Alice step out as Junior is taken into custody as well.