1) 7) dialog: (fluffing her curls) I’ve got hair on both sides. INT. KIDS’ BATHROOM
2) 19) dialog: What’s a prima dona?
14) 5) dialog: Cindy awakens, and sees Jan hovering "Norman Bates-like" over Marcia.
14) 6) dialog: (in a horrified whisper) Jan, what are you doing?
14) 9) dialog: You shouldn’t do that to Marcia. She’s so pretty.
14) 11) dialog: Stop it. Stop it right now.
14) 16) dialog: Jan, no! Jan, no! Cindy screams. This wakes up the shorn Marcia who feels her head and crosses to the mirror. She screams in anguish. Now Marcia and Cindy are both screaming and Jan is smiling. Finally...
14) 20) text: WE PULL BACK and discover it was.all a dream. Both Marcia and Cindy have all their hair. dan looks at both of them.
16) 16) dialog: Yeah. And if we win the big amateur night contest, we’ll be able to --
16) 32) dialog: My Sunflower Girl troop is meeting here.
16) 40) dialog: Thank goodness we’re very talented. GREG . We'll rehearse tonight, Dad. After dinner.
16) 52) dialog: Mom, tell Jan to stop.
18) 0) text: The Brady family crosses to the two cars. Mike takes Greg and Marcia. Carol takes Peter, Jan, Bobby and Cindy. They buckle their seat belts and drive out, and WE PAN to the edge of the garage where Rocky and Junior step out.
37) 20) dialog: 
37) 22) dialog: (looking at the gun) No, they‘re not. She screams again. t
37) 24) dialog: 
37) 26) dialog: (lisping away) We'll report you to the A.S.P.C.A. Junior exits into the kitchen for a moment as Rocky guard the Bradys.
37) 33) dialog: I can‘t help it. Getting shot scares me.
40) 0) text: Clarence is holding a gan on Alice, Marcia, Peter, Jan, Bobby, and Cindy. Junior is in charge of this group.
41) 0) text: The family is seated on the couches and chairs and Rocky -- like General Patton addressing the troops -- spells ou what the plan is. Jan has positioned herself next to Junior again. Cindy holds Kitty-Carry-All. ROCKY . *, Because the bank won’t open till Monday, Me and Junior and Clarence have decided to spend a fun-filled weekend with your family. . The others react to this news.
41) 8) dialog: And my Sunflower Girl meeting?
42) 0) text: The Brady family members are all in their traditional Places in their seats. Two chairs are pulled up on either side of Carol for Rocky and Junior. Rocky has his gun on the table next to him. Junior sits next to Marcia. Jan is none-too-pleased. Clarence sits in another chair next to Cindy, who is close to screaming at all times. He is an eating machine, and pays no attention to anything goin on at the dinner table. Alice brings out a _Platter of fo and puts it down. Rocky immediately digs in, and has awfu eating habits. Everyone looks at hin.
48) 8) dialog: She starts screaming. The SCREAMING CONTINUES AND BRIDGES THE... cuT TO
50) 14) dialog: I guess we rehearse right here. The kids start up the stairs. Clarence moves to block their path.
52) 32) dialog: They are witness to this whole thing, and Jan is jealous once more.
52) 34) dialog: Junior, INT. BOYS’ AND GIRLS’ BATHROOM Bobby is peeing. Clarence is nearby.
59) 6) dialog: Mommy’s the troop leader.
65) 0) text: Carol, Alice, Marcia, Jan and Cindy wait uneasily as Rock and Greg approach Carol.
67) 0) text: With Clarence observing the proceedings, the room is now filled with Sunflower Girls and Sunflower Girls’ Mothers. All are standing in a circle. All the little girls are in uniform -- including Cindy -- and are singing "The Sunflower Girl Song".
70) 12) dialog: (reluctantly) Please, Kareen. Clarence gives in to the pressure.
79) 0) text: Carol, Cindy, and Alice are ushering the mothers and Sunflower Girls, who are leaving. Charlotte and Doris are leading their children. Olivia is munching on a cookie. Rocky crosses to Clarence, who is also eating a cookie.
79) 19) text: Carol, Alice, Greg, Marcia, Jan; ‘Cindy, Rocky, and Clarence. The moment is frozen in time. All Cindy has to do is pick up the gun.
92) 10) dialog: They’‘ve got a bus. And all we have is , a car. iC This gives Greg an idea.
102) 0) text: The oddest of sights. Down the straight wall of the house are the six Brady kids linked by arms to legs as they low toward the ground. Greg’s arms are inside the window, where Alice, Mike and Carol support most of the weight. Peter holds on to Greg’s legs, Marcia holds onto Peter’s legs, Jan holds onto Marcia’s legs, Bobby holds onto Jan’s legs, Cindy holds onto Bobby’s legs.
106) 30) dialog: Sobbing from the tear gas.
106) 31) dialog: Bobby, I’11 stop running through the halls at school.