32) 0) text: With a poorly constructed volcano model, Peter sits next to EUGENE a nerdish student who has fashioned a perfect model of a volcano. Peter has a small battery attached to his. Eugene and Peter wait for the instructor, MR. PERKINS, to check out their projects. Mr. Perkins inspect Eugene’s first. .
32) 1) dialog: Very nice, Eugene.
32) 3) dialog: Let’s see it in action. Eugene puts two wires from a nine volt battery together and the volcano makes a sizeable eruption. Mr. Perkins marks a grade.
32) 4) dialog: Very good, Eugene. He crosses to Peter.
32) 5) dialog: Now let’s see yours, Peter.
32) 7) dialog: - Good. Let’s see the eruption. Peter connects wires from a little battery. “The volcano gives one small pitiful bloop, and one little dribble.
33) 1) dialog: Remember this, Peter. The dynamics of an explosion is directly proportional to the influx of the voltage.
33) 3) dialog: The bigger the battery, the bigger the boom. cuT TO AND CAROL’S BEDROOM Carol, Alice, Rocky, Junior and Clarence are all at the safe. Carol is trying to open it. Rocky has a gun on her.
62) 0) text: Indeed, it is a vast dirt area near a riverside. The foundation has already been dug and large construction tractors are standing by for the next phase. MR. PHILLIPS Mike’s boss, is there with TWO BUSINESSMEN. He is using a construction crew phone and is angry. .
62) 1) dialog: Carol, this is Harry Phillips.
62) 5) dialog: Where exactly is your husband? Carol is very nervous, but tries to remain calm.
62) 7) dialog: That‘s the problem. He’s supposed to be here.
62) 9) dialog: If that’s possible. Mike takes a breath and takes the phone. Rocky is nearby, gun poised.
62) 11) dialog: Brady, do you know what you’re doing at home? You are risking blowing this whole deal. This multimillion dollar eal.
62) 13) dialog: Get down here right away. Mike turns to Rocky, desperately upset.
62) 26) dialog: What?! Our whole company’s future rests on this project, and you say something suddenly came up?!
62) 32) dialog: Brady, I was thinking of making you a partner. Now, if I can do it legally, I‘1ll have your license revoked as an architect.
62) 40) dialog: Gentlemen, there’s been a slight delay.