47) 100) text: REVERSE ANGLE, as Lilly approaches her car. BOBO JUSTUS, a blunt hoodlum in a good suit and a civilized veneer, st leaning against the car, arms folded, squinting behind sunglasses.
47) 110) text: Bobo gets into the passenger seat, while Lilly nods convulsive agreement and hurries around to get behind the wheel. The car jolts forward, then smooths, and heads for gate.
48) 1) text: Driving along the highway. Lilly concentrates on traffic. Bobo heavily watches her profile, finally speaks.
48) 4) text: Lilly's eyes briefly close, her shoulders sag. Then she g back to the silent alert person she'd been. Bobo nods.
48) 13) text: Bobo taps a fingertip against the side of her head to shu her up. She shuts up.
48) 43) text: Bobo thinks this over.
50) 2) text: The door opens and Lilly enters, followed by Bobo. The th immediately rise and switch off the TV.
50) 5) text: The thugs leave the room as Lilly crosses to stand betwee and the view, followed by Bobo, neither looking out. Lill turns to Bobo, who abruptly punches her hard in the stoma She falls to the floor.
50) 6) text: ANOTHER ANGLE as Bobo steps across her and goes over to c the drapes over the view. Lilly sits up, watching him, waiting obediently. Bobo looks at her.
50) 9) text: She gets up, hurting, and hurries to the bathroom. Bobo s on the sofa, crosses his ankles on the coffee table next the supermarket bag. He takes out and lights a cigar. Lil comes back with a large white bath towel.
50) 23) dialog: And if you do it wrong?
50) 32) dialog: You'll never shit right again.
50) 36) text: Fumbling slightly, she folds the towel edges together to a bag, then stands, brings the towel to Bobo. He makes a production out of getting his grip on the edges just righ She stands as limp as she can, just wanting to get throug this. He looks at her without expression, rears back with towel, swings it forward, lets it drop open. Oranges roll the floor. Lilly stares, wide-eyed, recognizing reprieve. Bobo tosses the towel behind him onto the sofa, then gest contemptuously for her to pick up the oranges again.
50) 37) text: TWO SHOT, closer, as Lilly turns, bending toward the oran and Bobo picks up his cigar, then lifts a foot and kicks flatfooted, hard, in the back. She sprawls on the floor. follows and drops to his knees on her back.
50) 38) text: AN ANGLE close on Lilly on the floor, Bobo's knees grindi back and forth into her back.
50) 39) text: AN ANGLE on Bobo, grimacing as he bears down, pressing hi weight onto her back. He leans forward, left hand bracing himself on the floor beside her head as he reaches down w the cigar held in his right hand and presses the ember against the back of her splayed-out right hand.
50) 41) text: AN ANGLE on Bobo, catching a bad smell, looking back down behind himself at Lilly's body. This is the result he wan but it disgusts him. He straightens up, still kneeling on her, puts the cigar in his mouth, doesn't like its taste, removes it, braces his left hand against her back while h lifts off her, getting back up onto his feet.
50) 42) text: WIDE SHOT, Bobo stepping over her, expression repulsed.
50) 45) text: He puts the cigar back in the ashtray as she rises, cradl her burnt hand. Not looking toward Bobo, hobbling with kn together, she starts from the room.
51) 1) text: Bobo stands looking out at the ocean. He enjoys breathing sea air. He slowly peels the orange, dropping pieces of p over the side.
51) 2) text: Lilly appears in the doorway, wearing a too-large man's raincoat. Bobo doesn't seem to notice her at first, then to her.
51) 12) dialog: See your son, huh? Well, that's nice. A side of you I didn't know, Lilly.
51) 17) dialog: On the square, huh? And how are you making out these days? Stealing much?
51) 18) text: Bobo's being jolly now. Lilly's scared, but has to be jol too.
51) 21) text: Bobo's joshing now. He raises a humorous eyebrow.
51) 23) dialog: Not skimming a thing, Lilly?
51) 35) dialog: You know it, Lilly.
51) 43) dialog: Worries about his mother, eh? Give him a hug for me.
51) 46) text: Lilly leaves the balcony. Bobo eats more orange, looking at the ocean. His expression is stern but calm.
115) 1) text: Empty; as before. The door opens and the two thugs we saw earlier with Bobo enter, one putting a thick ring of keys away in his jacket pocket. They close the door, look arou the room. One goes to the closet, opens it, looks at the clothing inside, while the other goes into the bathroom. first crosses to the dresser, pulls open a drawer full of clothing. The second comes out of the bathroom. They look one another. The guy from the bathroom shakes his head. T other one points at the dangling phone, speaks.