14) 1) text: An expensive hotel room, with a sunstruck day beyond the windows. Myra, naked, a few years younger, sits cross-leg on the bed and laughs at COLE "FARMER" LANGLEY, 55, strin bodied, who stands naked, his back to us, hands on hips, presenting himself to Myra. She reaches forward, hand hid by his body as she lifts something that was hanging on something at the front of him. She brings back the bracel looks at it, is delighted, puts it on, and then leans for again toward the unmoving Cole, her head hidden by his bo
77) 1) text: Myra and Hebbing enter an office decorated with sleekly understated opulence; the view through large windows is o apparently-prosperous skyscrapers. Cole, a plausible rich businessman, happily greets Myra.
77) 3) dialog: Mary Beth! As beautiful as ever.
77) 6) dialog: (gentle disapproval) I see you brought a friend.
77) 10) text: The men shake hands, Hebbing open and pleased and dignifi Cole clearly holding something back.
77) 12) dialog: (to Myra; gentle warning)  Mary Beth, what we have here, uh...
77) 16) dialog: (alarmed) Mary Beth, I hope you aren't spreading this good news too widely.
77) 19) text: While Hebbing looks manly and flustered and pleased, Cole brings from under his desk a partially full gray canvas s marked Federal Reserve Bank.
77) 21) dialog: Well, I'll have to take your word for it, Mary Beth. Here's your money.
77) 24) text: Myra opens her attache case on the desk. Cole takes bande stacks of bills from the sack, packs them neatly in the c Hebbing tries not to look envious and impressed.
77) 31) text: Myra returns the stack to the case, talks to Cole.
77) 35) dialog: (shocked) Mary Beth! This has never been anything but --
77) 41) text: Cole broods, studying Hebbing, deciding at last to trust
77) 43) dialog: Well. If Mary Beth vouches for you, and if she told you the story already...
77) 47) dialog: (solemn) Mister Hebbing, we are talking about breaking the law here, I want to be sure you understand that. No one gets hurt, but the law does get broken.
77) 51) dialog: (still serious) And I don't just mean the SEC. We could have the FBI breathing down our necks.
77) 55) dialog: Loose talk is the one thing I worry about.
77) 58) text: Describing the scheme, Cole becomes increasingly enthusiastic.
77) 60) dialog: Okay, then. Sit down, sit down.
77) 61) text: Hebbing sits on the sofa, Myra beside him, holding his ar both of hers. Cole paces, describing.
77) 63) dialog: The Tokyo Exchange is nine hours ahead of us, New York one hour behind. There isn't one hour of the day when both are open. Information moves, but it has to wait. Now, we have a young fellow working here -- Do you know what a hacker is, Mister Hebbing?
77) 67) dialog: You're right! And this boy tapped into that main link between Tokyo and the New York Stock Exchange. He can give us, when it's really useful, a seven second delay in that movement of information. Do you know what that means?
77) 72) dialog: Every once in a while, a major change comes through. We have seven seconds to take advantage, put our buy order, our sell order, into the computer in New York before the Tokyo data comes in.
77) 76) dialog: We have to be ready. We have to have the money, and we have to know what the information means, and we have to move immediately.
77) 80) dialog: These machines -- They're in here.
77) 81) text: Cole crosses to an inner door, pushes it partway open, lo back grinning with his hand on the knob.
77) 83) dialog: Want a look?
78) 1) text: A bare dusty room. A ladder leans against a wall, a paint on the floor beside it. Only Cole is visible in the open doorway. He speaks back into the main office.
78) 3) dialog: Come take a look. An entire-suite of main-frame computer.
79) 1) text: Cole remains in the doorway, luring Hebbing with a smile.
79) 3) dialog: It's quite a sight. You sure?
79) 4) text: Cole's pushing this too far. Hebbing's thinking politenes requires him to look. Myra's nervous, her smile with an e to it.
80) 1) text: Cole smiles at the empty room again, looks back.
80) 3) dialog: Well, if you're sure.
84) 1) text: Myra and Hebbing enter, Cole meets them, all happy.
84) 3) dialog: Here you are! Two rich people!
84) 7) dialog: You brought a case? Good.
84) 8) text: Cole brings out the canvas sack from under the desk, reac in, brings out a stack of bills. The door opens and two m in suits and topcoats and hats enter, one of them flashin badge. (These are, altered, two of the clerks from before
84) 12) dialog: (cool outrage) What? This is a private office!
84) 15) text: Cole suddenly loses all control, becomes a gibbering wrec
84) 17) dialog: Oh, my God! No! The scandal!
84) 24) dialog: (screams at Myra) You! You and your goddamn big mouth!
84) 28) dialog: Who did you tell? Who?
84) 31) text: Cole pulls a pistol from his desk drawer.
84) 33) dialog: Don't move!
84) 36) text: Cole ignores him, staring in frantic hatred at Myra.
84) 38) dialog: You ruined me! You destroyed me!
84) 41) text: Cole shoots her, the SOUND very loud, the men flinching a Myra slaps her hand to her breast; blood spurts between h fingers. In terror, she turns toward Hebbing, who stares the blood seeping down her white blouse. She tries to spe can't. She reaches out, her bloody hand sliding down Hebbing's front without getting any purchase, leaving a s of blood diagonally across his jacket, shirt and tie. She topples forward. Hebbing tries to hold her, but she slips the floor.
84) 42) text: Cole runs around the desk toward the door, waving the gun
84) 44) dialog: Get back! Get back!
84) 47) dialog: I'll kill the first one that follows me!
84) 48) text: Cole runs from the room. The two men pull guns from hip holsters under their coat-tails. Hebbing, kneeling beside Myra, watches them approach the door, crouch, run through Hebbing rises, looks around, runs to the inner door, find locked. He crosses to the main door, looks out, cautiousl creeps from the room.
85) 1) text: Hebbing hurries through the empty secretary's office and the other door. The two men enter from a different door a cross to re-enter Cole's office.
86) 1) text: Cole stands behind a pillar, watching. Across the way, Hebbing comes out of the office, staring around, trying t wipe the blood from his clothes. In obvious panic, he run the elevator, presses the button.
86) 2) text: AN ANGLE through the glass wall into the elevator as it stops. The doors open, Hebbing hurries in, frantically ja the button. The elevator descends. CAMERA PANS to Cole co around the corridor, entering the office.
89) 1) text: Expensive room. Cole, naked, expression haunted and craze sits cross-legged on the bed. Myra enters, happy, carryin dress shop boxes. She stops, shocked, when she sees Cole.
89) 6) dialog: It's hollow. You'll fall through.
89) 11) dialog: (frightened but determined) Can't move.
89) 15) dialog: It's all hollow. Nothing behind it.
89) 21) dialog: Demon! Demon! That's why you can walk on it! Demon!