69) 1) text: A brightly lit Hopperish place. Lilly sits alone in a boo eating a bowl of chili and reading a newspaper folded bes the bowl. A DRUNK with a great deal of faith in his own c sits with a male FRIEND at the counter, drinking coffee. drunk keeps looking toward Lilly, grinning, COMMENTING playfully to his friend, who's bored by it all. Lilly doe seem to be aware of him.
69) 2) text: The drunk rises from his stool, turning toward Lilly, staggering slightly. His friend makes a small move to sto him, then shrugs and lets him go. The drunk makes his way Lilly's table, leans on it.
69) 4) dialog: Pretty woman like you shouldn't eat alone. Whadaya wanna eat alone for?
69) 14) dialog: We could have coffee together. My name's Kenny.
69) 15) text: Lilly looks over at the drunk's friend, who pointedly ign the situation.
69) 18) text: The drunk could turn mean; his gesture brushing away the of his friend is stronger than necessary.
69) 20) dialog: Let him find his own pretty woman.
69) 29) dialog: I'll sit here. Move over.
69) 30) text: The drunk wants to sit beside Lilly, who looks to the waitress to solve the problem, but the waitress stands th with the coffee pot, looking helpless. The drunk bends to slide onto the seat. Lilly, exasperated, rabbit punches h in the throat.
69) 31) text: The drunk, astounded and in pain (and not breathing), staggers back, flailing, hitting the waitress's arm so th she slops coffee on him as his feet tangle and he falls heavily onto the floor.
69) 35) text: She goes to one knee beside the drunk, who clutches his o throat with both hands, retching as he tries to inhale. L looks up at the astonished waitress.
69) 38) text: The drunk's friend arrives and helps Lilly get the drunk his feet. The drunk is breathing now, but shaken. He look Lilly with reproachful eyes. His friend transfers his annoyance at the drunk to Lilly.
69) 44) dialog: (mumbled) Outta here.
69) 45) text: The drunk and his friend head for the exit, as Lilly turn the waitress.
91) 1) text: A little drunk and happy, Roy and Myra come down the corr together, then make it obvious they're going into separat rooms, across the corridor from one another.