27) 2) text: A player jumps and spikes the ball. Chieko (16), tall, beautiful, with strands of hair painted purple, volleys t ball back up. It reaches one of her teammates who sets up another to spike it.
27) 3) text: Chieko's team wins the point. The referee, instead of whistling, lifts up a red flag.
27) 5) text: Chieko's team serves. Again, the game is heated. A rival player spikes the ball, and it is barely out of bounds. However, the referee, with his red flag, calls the point.
27) 6) text: Chieko is upset and goes to argue with him.
27) 8) dialog: (In sign language) The ball was out.
27) 11) text: Chieko gestures violently.   One of her teammates goes to calm her down.
27) 14) text: Chieko breaks loose and approaches the referee.
27) 16) dialog: That was out.
27) 22) dialog: You're not just deaf, you're blind.
27) 25) text: Chieko is furious.   She starts to make obscene gestures.
27) 27) dialog: You're an asshole.
27) 28) text: The coach walks onto the court. He holds her to calm her down and then takes her away. Despite Chieko's violent reaction, everything is still silent. From the bleachers, Yasujiro (47), Chieko's father, dressed in a nice suit wi the tie undone, with a sad pride about him, disapproves o his daughter's actions.
28) 1) text: Chieko sits on a bench in her underwear. She looks aggrav and absorbed in her own thoughts. Her other teammates get dressed. Two of them walk past wrapped in towels, freshly showered, and stand in front of her. They talk to each ot in sign language.
28) 5) dialog: It wasn't my fault, it was the ref.
28) 8) text: Chieko, angry, gets up and starts to rummage through her locker. Her teammate walks over and gets her attention.
28) 11) text: Chieko doesn't answer.    Teammate 2 approaches.
28) 14) text: She caps this with an obscene gesture that bothers Chieko
28) 16) dialog: I'm gonna fuck your dad to get rid of my mood.
28) 17) text: Teammate 1 laughs, amused. Teammate 2 gives Chieko a scor look. Chieko smiles sardonically.
29) 1) text: Yasujiro drives while Chieko looks at the swarming Tokyo streets. She is wearing a skirt revealing of her long volleyball legs.
29) 6) dialog: I said I'd meet my friends from the team at Eve's.
29) 10) dialog: Dad, I told you I was going to eat with them, but you never pay attention to me.
29) 13) dialog: My mother always paid attention to me.
29) 19) text: Chieko just looks at him.
30) 1) text: Yasujiro parks his car and Chieko gets out.
30) 4) text: Chieko looks annoyed, and blows her father a kiss goodbye As she is about to get out of the car, Yasujiro grabs her arm. She turns to look at him.
30) 12) text: Eve's is a restaurant full of t.v.'s, noise, video games. There is smoke, and people talking everywhere. Chieko mov through the crowd. A hostess intercepts her.
30) 15) text: Chieko doesn't manage to read her lips. The hostess, smil awaits an answer. Chieko waits, expectant, for the hostes to repeat herself.
30) 18) text: Chieko nods and points at her group of girlfriends, who a sitting on the barstools next to the bar.
30) 19) text: The hostess smiles another stupid smile and lets Chieko b Further off, her friends spot her and make silly faces.
30) 20) text: Chieko laughs, walks over to them. They are all dressed t same: short skirts, tight t-shirts. Some of them have piercings in their nose, lips and ears. They all exude hormones in their silence.
30) 21) text: Chieko goes to talk to them in sign language.
30) 23) dialog: Why all the way in the corner?
30) 27) text: Chieko turns around and stares at one of them wearing a M jersey. Their eyes meet. Chieko keeps her eyes on him, an the boy finally turns away.
30) 30) text: Chieko nods without taking her eyes off him.
30) 35) text: Chieko, Mitsu and another of their friends are playing a pinball game that makes noises whenever the ball hits a w The young man in the Milan jersey approaches Chieko.
30) 38) text: Neither Chieko, nor her friends answer. The guy turns to look at one of his friends, who signals for him to insist
30) 41) text: Chieko, obviously, cannot hear him. She keeps playing. Suddenly, Mitsu notices the young man's presence and taps Chieko on the shoulder. Chieko turns around and is surpri
30) 45) text: Chieko gets frustrated; she cannot read his lips. He stop looking at his friends and awaits an answer, but all he s is three silent girls staring at him stupefied.
30) 46) text: Chieko talks to Mitsu in sign language.
30) 48) dialog: Tell him I couldn't read his lips.
30) 52) text: Chieko leans on the sink while Mitsu pees in one of the stalls. Chieko is noticeably upset.
30) 53) text: Mitsu walks out of the stall, fixing her skirt.   She see Chieko is distressed.
30) 57) dialog: (In sign language) They look at us like we're monsters.
30) 62) text: Chieko is at a loss for words. Mitsu stares at her: it lo like another one of many tantrums.
30) 63) text: Chieko hikes up her skirt and starts to pull down her pan
30) 67) dialog: Now they're going to meet the real hairy monster.
30) 71) text: Chieko sits on one of the restaurant's benches. Before he is a new group of young men. Mitsu and Chieko exchange a look. Provocatively, Chieko crosses her legs slowly revea her pussy.
30) 72) text: One of the young men seems to notice, and is stunned. Chi smiles and does it again. He watches Chieko again and discretely turns to one of his friends to tell him.
30) 73) text: Chieko turns her back to him and faces the bar.    She lo over at Mitsu, who shakes her head, amused.
30) 74) text: A beeper rings on Chieko's skirt. She picks it up and rea "Don't forget your appointment with the dentist. Papa."
30) 77) dialog: I'll see you later at my place.
74) 1) text: Chieko is sitting in the reception area, waiting her turn There is a woman with a twelve year-old son listening to walkman and an old couple.
74) 7) text: The woman continues her banal chatter. Chieko observes he grotesque mouth. She then looks at the old man's bored fa the old woman's feigned interest, the mother's annoyed expression, and the boy, who rocks his head to the music.
74) 8) text: A man walks out and the receptionist gestures at Chieko a points toward the door.
75) 1) text: The dentist (47) - tall and, unlike the receptionist, wit impeccable skin covering his hardened, attractive face - examines Chieko's mouth. His face comes very close to her as he looks at her, making her nervous. The fat reception walks in without knocking.
75) 4) text: The dentist looks up at her. She leaves the drill bits on table and leaves. The dentist turns back to Chieko and sp face to face with her so she can read his lips.
75) 7) text: She smiles. The dentist moves closer to Chieko's mouth ag she cannot stop looking at him.
75) 8) text: Suddenly, Chieko licks his cheek. He is surprised, but continues his checkup. She licks him again, this time on lips. He pulls away, flustered.
75) 18) text: The dentist turns toward Chieko.
75) 24) text: He walks to the door and opens it. Just before she walks out, Chieko draws out a slight smile, which is almost a g
76) 1) text: Chieko walks down crowded Tokyo streets.   She walks with lost gaze, unsettled.
77) 1) text: Chieko arrives at an upper class apartment complex. The architecture is cutting edge, but impersonal and cold.
78) 1) text: Chieko enters the lobby. Beside the doorman are two men dressed in suits: Kenji (31) and Hamano (50). The janitor gestures at Chieko with his chin. The men walk over towar her and cut her off.
78) 4) text: Chieko doesn't manage to read his lips. She is silent. Th doorman notices the situation, walks out from behind his small desk and shouts at the men.
78) 19) text: She shrugs her shoulders. Kenji gives her his card. Upon receiving it, Chieko turns to look at him. Their eyes mee and she looks down. She then looks up again, blushing.
78) 24) text: Chieko can't stop staring at Kenji. The two cops leave. soon as they do, Chieko heads toward the elevator.
79) 1) text: Chieko walks into the apartment. It is a large apartment, elegantly furnished. Although decoration is scant, some hunting trophies stand out: a scimitar-horned Oryx, sheep and others. There are also photographs of Yasujiro huntin
79) 2) text: A wall is dedicated to family photos. Among them is a pic of Chieko as a little girl with her father and her mother
79) 3) text: Chieko sees a note on the table at the entrance. She puts the policeman's card down and picks up a note from her fa that says: "I waited until five and you didn't make it. I've got a meeting and I'll be back late. I left you some soup and some chicken for dinner. Kisses. Papa."
80) 1) text: Chieko sits in front of a mute T.V., channel surfing.   S stops at a fashion show, then some cartoons.
80) 2) text: Suddenly, on a news program, we see the photographs of Ah and Yussef. Chieko looks at them for a moment and then changes the channel. She is watching T.V. when a red bulb set between a yellow bulb and a blue one, starts to light insistently as the doorbell rings.
80) 3) text: Chieko notices and shuts off the T.V.
81) 1) text: Chieko opens the door and Mitsu walks in. They greet each other with a handshake where they end up touching their i fingers to each other's hearts.
81) 7) dialog: Yeah, I'm just going to get my bag.
81) 8) text: Chieko goes to get her bag. Mitsu sees the policeman's ca on the entrance table and looks at it. Chieko comes back and Mitsu asks her about it in sign language.
81) 12) dialog: Yeah. They hadn't come in nine months. But these were different cops.
81) 16) dialog: No, but they're probably going to ask my dad about the same things.
81) 19) text: Chieko shakes her head, remains pensive and then smiles.
81) 21) dialog: Believe it or not, I liked one of the cops.
81) 22) text: Chieko puts Kenji's card in her purse.
81) 25) text: Chieko smiles, lifts up her skirt and exposes her naked p Mitsu lifts hers up as well and is also without panties. They laugh and leave the apartment.
116) 1) text: Chieko walks down the street with Mitsu. They are good- looking and attract attention. They know this and look ba out of the corners of their eyes.
117) 3) text: Mitsu and Chieko greet them in sign language.    Chieko a the slightly chubby Kumiko who they are.
117) 6) text: Chieko turns to look at them, curious. Haruki, the guy wi tattoos, exchanges a look with her. Chieko suddenly feels intimidated and looks down.
117) 8) dialog: Is he deaf-mute like us?
117) 12) text: Haruki approaches Chieko and talks to her face to face so she can read his lips.
117) 17) text: Chieko and her friend smile.    Chieko takes out her note and pen and writes her name.    Haruki reads it out loud.
117) 20) text: Chieko nods.
117) 23) text: Chieko nods, trying to show she's understood. Haruki take out a flask and holds it out to her. Chieko opens it and smells it. Haruki stands in front of her.
117) 26) text: Chieko smiles and gives a long swig.       Mitsu asks for and also gives it a long drink.
117) 31) text: Haruki takes out some ecstasy and gives it to them. Mitsu and Chieko look at each other and down the pills with a g of whisky.
118) 1) text: Half-drunk and rushing from the pills, Chieko, her friend and Haruki and Takeshi, play on the swings and see-saw. They laugh at almost anything. Haruki and Chieko are on t see-saw and every time Chieko rises, Haruki looks at her bush. Chieko knows this sometimes opens her legs even mor so he can look to his heart's content. Hormones float in the air.
118) 3) text: Takeshi, who has started to make out with one of Chieko's friends, turns to the group and speaks slowly.
119) 1) text: Night begins to fall. Haruki sits between Mitsu and Chiek He strokes Chieko's knee with his hand; she seems turned
120) 1) text: The taxi parks outside the Montana. Chieko, Mitsu and Har get out of the car and meet with the others at the door.
121) 1) text: They enter. The music, the light, the crowd, it is almost hallucinatory. For Chieko, it is a silent concert of move and chaos.
121) 2) text: She and her friends push their way through the place. Har grabs Chieko by the hand, pulls her toward the floor and starts dancing. Chieko looks at the other dancers' rhythm and follows. She slowly manages to follow.
121) 4) text: For Chieko, the dance turns into something hypnotic. She dances with her eyes closed, concentrated on her own rhyt
121) 6) text: Chieko seems annoyed by this and goes to defend her terri She starts dancing next to Haruki, but she is constantly interrupted by the surrounding crowd.
121) 7) text: The struggle between Chieko and Mitsu is a little bit ridiculous. It is finally resolved when Mitsu takes Haruk by the face and starts to kiss him. Chieko doesn't know w to do. Mitsu and Haruki start to make out intensely.
121) 8) text: Suddenly Chieko is left standing in the middle of the clu motionless, while her friends dance awkwardly and Mitsu a Haruki are having the time of their lives. Chieko, defeat by her friend, decides to leave. Mitsu spots her out of t corner of her eye and waves goodbye. Chieko smiles back a walks away from her friends as they dance.
122) 1) text: Chieko enters her building and goes straight to the doorm
122) 4) text: Chieko takes out a piece of paper and a pen from her purs and writes a note. She gives it to the doorman together with Kenji's card. He reads it carefully, and when he's done he turns to her.
122) 12) text: There is a pause. The doorman gestures to Chieko that the lieutenant will answer in a moment.
122) 15) text: Chieko watches attentively.
153) 1) text: Chieko is in her room, sitting on her bed, staring into s The doorbell light goes on. She remains motionless for a few moments. The light goes on again. Chieko breathes in and goes to open the door.
154) 1) text: Chieko opens the door and runs into Kenji, who greets her if she were just anybody.
154) 7) text: Chieko, who has been unable to read his lips, asks him wi her hands that he speak slowly and face her. Kenji is embarrassed by his tactlessness and tries to be more considerate.
154) 10) text: Chieko nods and asks him in with her hand. Kenji takes of his shoes and leaves them at the door. Chieko leads him t the living room and with a gesture asks if he wants anyth to drink.
154) 13) text: Chieko nods and goes into the kitchen. Kenji glances over the apartment. Chieko comes back from the kitchen holding strange gadget which she puts on the living room table. A small bulb lights. Kenji just watches her.
154) 14) text: Chieko gestures for him to sit down.     Kenji and Chieko across from each other.
154) 17) text: Chieko takes out her notebook and pen, writes something d and hands it over to Kenji. Kenji reads, seems surprised and reads again slowly.
154) 20) text: Chieko is disconcerted at the question. She takes her notebook and starts writing. Kenji reads and turns to her
155) 1) text: She opens the door to the balcony and points at the void: it's over twelve floors. Kenji looks over; the distance i dizzying. Chieko writes in her notebook and shows him the piece of paper.
155) 10) text: Chieko remains motionless for a few seconds. She scrawls her notebook "Then why do you want to talk to my father?" Kenji reads and then turns to her.
155) 13) text: The red bulb on the gadget starts to blink. Chieko spots from the balcony and signals to Kenji that she has to go the kitchen. She runs off.
156) 4) text: Chieko comes back with a cup of steaming tea.
156) 10) text: The news weighs on Chieko; she looks away. The sounds of Tokyo come in through the living room: its car horns, its voices.
156) 11) text: Suddenly a rush of wind comes in. Chieko sees the balcony doors are open and goes to close them. She then comes bac to the living room and sits down, dejected.
156) 16) text: There is a long silence. Chieko seems immersed in a remot inaccessible world. Kenji turns his face to hers so that she can read his lips.
156) 19) text: Chieko grabs his arm and shakes her head, urging him to s They exchange a look for an instant and Kenji insists.
156) 22) text: He gets up to leave. Chieko signals for him to wait for a moment and goes to her room.
156) 29) text: She doesn't pay attention, breaks free and stands a few i away from him. She is almost panting. She holds out her hand and caresses Kenji's ear. He stands there, immobile, without taking his eyes off Chieko's.
156) 33) text: Kenji looks turned on and confused: Chieko is beautiful, he knows he cannot go on and takes his hand away.
156) 39) text: He grabs her by her arms and moves her away. She grabs th sleeve of his jacket and pulls him back. She hugs him and suddenly Chieko starts crying, disconsolate.
156) 40) text: Kenji, bewildered, first does nothing, but upon seeing Chieko's despair, holds her. She buries her face in his shoulder. Her nakedness becomes increasingly fragile.
187) 1) text: Chieko, naked, sits in an armchair, again submerged in th remote world of her silence. Before her, Kenji observes h nakedness, her sadness, her pained beauty.
187) 2) text: For a while they remain motionless. She seems to return from the long journey to herself and turns to look at him Their eyes meet. There are still tears in Chieko's eyes. They hold each other's gaze until Chieko gets up, gets he notebook, scribbles down some words and gives them to him
187) 6) text: She sits down beside him. They look at each other again f a few, long seconds. Chieko takes his hand, strokes it fo moment, kisses it, sucks one of his fingers and then puts back in its place.
187) 8) text: Chieko finishes writing, folds the note and hands it to K Kenji starts unfolding it, but Chieko stops him. She take it away from him, folds it again and puts it in his breas pocket. She signals for him to read it later.
187) 10) text: Kenji reaches the door. He opens it and turns to look at Chieko again, who has been left in the middle of the hall He bows his head again and leaves.
187) 11) text: Chieko watches him leave and closes her eyes painfully.
189) 20) text: Yasujiro looks at him attentively. Kenji, still moved by Chieko, looks distracted, confused.
191) 4) text: The T.V. has been turned on to a Japanese newscast. Kenji takes out Chieko's note, reads it and, as soon as he is d closes his eyes. He looks around. Everybody seems to be immersed in a world far from his own.
193) 1) text: From the balcony, naked, Chieko observes the city stretch before her.
193) 2) text: Yasujiro walks in and encounters his daughter completely naked. There are still traces of Chieko's tears in her ey
193) 3) text: Yasujiro is affected when he sees his daughter like this, but says nothing. He slowly walks toward her. Chieko look hurt, but whole.
193) 4) text: Yasujiro stands beside her. They look at each other. Chie holds out her hand and takes his. Chieko squeezes. She lo at the city and then looks at her father's eyes.