62) 1) text: An old woman (87), Anwar's grandmother, who has centuries desert in her expression, lets them in and points at a ru on the floor.
62) 21) text: Susan looks desperate. To set Richard somewhat at ease, Anwar points at his Grandmother.
62) 27) text: Anwar kneels down next to her, takes a cloth and improvis a tourniquet that he adjusts near her shoulder. He turns towards the grandmother.
62) 30) text: The grandmother nods. She sees the swarm of kids looking into the place and she shoos them away.
65) 1) text: Susan is lying on the floor, desolate. It seems as if the pain is diminishing. The grandmother leans over her and s caresses her with her dirty, wrinkled hands. This startle Susan.
65) 13) text: The grandmother bows her head as if to say "your welcome.
65) 16) text: The old woman just smiles. Susan makes a gesture of desperation. The grandmother leans over her, unfurls her index finger and points at her heart.
67) 1) text: Richard returns to the room. Susan, weak, lies with her eyes open. The grandmother is tending to the wound, which won't stop bleeding. She gets up and goes to Anwar.
69) 8) text: Just then Anwar enters. The grandmother takes the basin a sets it in a corner. She gets some pieces of cloth and st to soak them.
69) 25) text: The grandmother wrings out the rags and puts them on a ta She takes some herbs, a fistful of earth from the floor a she tosses them into the basin. She stirs it and pulls ou a clump of mud which she lays out on one of the pieces of cloth.
69) 26) text: Susan looks horrified at the dirt. The grandmother leans over her and tries to clean the wound with the other mois rags. Susan resists.
69) 31) text: The grandmother finishes cleaning her with the damp cloth and grabs the clump of mud. She tries to put it on the wo but Susan flinches.
74) 7) text: The woman continues her banal chatter. Chieko observes he grotesque mouth. She then looks at the old man's bored fa the old woman's feigned interest, the mother's annoyed expression, and the boy, who rocks his head to the music.
79) 2) text: A wall is dedicated to family photos. Among them is a pic of Chieko as a little girl with her father and her mother
91) 1) text: Ahmed and Yussef run home. Their mother and sisters are milking some goats into a tin bucket. When they fill, Abd empties the milk out into a barrel.
102) 1) text: As Amelia gets out, Patricia's mother appears, upset.
102) 5) dialog: Patricia's not feeling well.
104) 1) text: Patricia, in her bridal dress and clearly six months preg is sitting on her bed with her hands around her belly, wi her mother, father and entire family around her.
106) 2) text: The grandmother brings them a pot of tea with two cups an sets them on the floor beside them.
106) 5) text: The grandmother goes to sit in a chair. Mohammed walks in and whispers something to him. Anwar turns to Richard.
171) 35) text: The grandmother and Anwar exit.