26) 115) dialog: Which one of you is Brooks Davis? Brooks nervously holds up his hand.
26) 116) dialog: Funny. You don’t look like an asshole. Do I look like an asshole to you?
26) 118) dialog: One of us has to be the asshole in this transaction because otherwise I'd have my egg and you’d have your money. (MORE )
26) 120) dialog: But instead, we’ve wasted our night tracking you down. We find Marlon Freeman. He tells us some idiots in a minivan stole the egg. Now we've shot and kicked this perfectly innocent policeman, and now we’re gonna have to kill you.
26) 122) dialog: Okay.
26) 124) dialog: Deal. Makes perfect sense. Max moves to hand the list over but Brooks stops him.
26) 126) dialog: Nonsense. (then, dead serious) Give me the list. Max hesitates. The Bulgarian nods to his guys who aim the guns at Brooks and Max. In an instant, Brooks grabs the l from Max, shoves it in his mouth and swallows it.
26) 127) dialog: What the hell is wrong with you?! SFX: a distant SIREN WAILS as it comes closer
26) 129) dialog: Not much. We’re just gonna cut you open on the jet. (to Bodyguards) Take him. One Bodyguard grabs Brooks. The other points to the group
26) 131) dialog: Fuck ‘em. We’1ll be out of the country in an hour. They back up towards their car, one gun on Brooks, one gu the rest of them. Max watches helplessly.
26) 133) dialog: I’m not worried about that. He takes out a gun. Max flinches. The Bulgarian SHOOTS OU two tires on Kevin’s minivan. Max’s face hardens as he watches the car drive away.
28) 0) text: He joins the other Bodyguard who is zip-tying Brooks’ han to the arm of a seat. The Bulgarian looms over him.
28) 2) dialog: We’re not going to go digging around in your feces. We’re civilized men. He takes out a LARGE KNIFE from a drawer.
28) 3) dialog: Now hold still while I cut your stomach open.
28) 6) dialog: Is that...?
28) 8) dialog: Get us in the air! Now!
32) 0) text: The Bodyguards, the Bulgarian and Brooks are slammed agai the cabin walls. 104.
35) 1) dialog: We're sitting ducks here. Get out there, kill those fuckers and find me another plane!
35) 3) dialog: Oh, we’ll be fine. As the Bodyguard hurries out of the plane, the Bulgarian approaches Brooks.
35) 4) dialog: No more waiting. I’m getting my list. We hear a rattling from the ceiling of the plane. The Bulgarian steps aside just as Max falls through the emerg hatch, missing the Bulgarian and landing on the floor.
37) 0) text: Max and the Bulgarian continue to wrestle. They stumble i the cockpit landing between the unconscious pilots direct on top of the THRUST LEVER. The engine ROARS TO LIFE.
39) 0) text: The fight spills back into the cabin as the Bulgarian spo the gun Max dropped on the floor. He clambers toward it. Brooks sticks out his leg and TRIPS HIM AGAIN.
39) 1) dialog: Stop tripping me! Max notices a BUNGEE CORD dangling from an overhead compartment. He grabs it and wraps it around the Bulgaria neck. But the Bulgarian is determined. He continues to crawl to the weapon as the cord tightens around his throa Just as his hand grasps the gun, he collapses on the floo unconscious from lack of oxygen. Max quickly ties him up with the bungee cord so he can’t move. He cuts Brooks free with the Bulgarian’s knife. The two brothers stand there as they collect themselves.