4) 17) dialog: Laura Pickler.
4) 19) dialog: I see that. What did he do?
4) 21) dialog: Oh, boy, that’s too bad. Well if you want we can have this fixed for you right away. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 26) dialog: Gosh. Laura, you know, you look great. I mean, even better than you did in high school. Most women go the other way.
4) 28) dialog: Tiffany? Oh, well she’s fine I guess.
6) 0) text: The place is quiet. Laura’s Suburban pulls up. INT. BOLTON FORD — LATER We track through the dark and empty showroom. Past that, see a LIGHT on in a back office. And then we hear SEX MOANS. Instead of heading down the hall, we slowly focus in on a LIFESIZE CARDBOARD CUT-OUT of BOYD that reads “Bolton Ford: We’re all about the service.” The moans continue. INT. THE PICKLER FAMILY HOME — KAITLEN’S ROOM - LATER CLOSE ON KAITLEN’S face. He’s got major ‘0’ face. Brooke lifts her head up.
6) 10) dialog: Are you there, God? It’s me, Boyd Bolton. I just did a very bad thing. But I guess you already know that. It’s just that — I can’t help myself around her. She’s so beautiful and sophisticated and her hair smells like fancy shampoo and now I just really need your guidance because I don’t think I’1l be able to control myself next time either. Boyd makes the sign of the cross.
6) 11) dialog: Amen. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 77) dialog: On the evening of the 15“, Mr. Ethan Emmit approached me and knowing I have superior skills in the art of sculpting butter asked if I could help his daughter Destiny with her entry for the Johnson County Mastery in Butter contest. I said no at first but then he offered me five hundred dollars so I snuck in every night and carved her sculpture for her. It was only after I saw how distraught the innocent Laura Pickler was that I felt the need to come forward. I can no longer bear to live with this horrible blight on my conscience. Thank you. Boyd looks up to Laura, proud. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 87) dialog: Yes.
6) 89) dialog: Yes.
6) 91) dialog: Yes?
6) 108) dialog: Laura.
6) 110) dialog: She’s only 12!
6) 112) dialog: (whispering) And black! Laura looks at Boyd: you’re useless to me now.
6) 114) dialog: But- Laura walks away. BOYD (CONT’D) Wait? When can I see you again? Laura exits. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 117) text: 83 BOYD (CONT’D) Laura? Laura? I need to see you. Boyd’s got it bad. INT. VOLVO — NIGHT Jill drives, with Ethan in the passenger seat. Destiny is in the back.
6) 269) dialog: I will always love you, Laura Pickler. The créme brulee torch bobs along the nasty surface of th water. INT. PICKLER HOME — LATER Laura stares at herself in the mirror. She seems less severe, a bit more relaxed. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) Most people would have given up under those conditions. Laura smiles at herself in the mirror. EXT. HIGHWAY — LATER Laura drives her Suburban. She speaks to five KIDS with special needs.