0) 212) dialog: You’re the only man who cares about me.
0) 214) dialog: (obvious bullshit) My father raped me. Brooke rolls her eyes. It’s just too easy. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 217) text: 26 BROOKE (CONT’D) I just wish, I just wish I had someone to take care of me, to love me. I mean not just to pay my rent, which incidentally is 560 dollars a month plus utilities, but someone, you know, who truly understands me. Brooke writhes a bit more sexually. He doesn’t get this a home, that’s for sure.
0) 219) dialog: No. You're just a customer. You only want me for one thing.
0) 221) dialog: Brooke. My real name’s Brooke.
0) 224) dialog: (putting the money in her g-string) Oh, I could never take this.
0) 229) dialog: You’re such a good person. Brooke kisses Bob.
2) 18) dialog: Hey, boot
2) 20) dialog: I just need a little more money. She tries to kiss him but Bob pushes her away.
2) 22) dialog: But you said you loved me?
2) 24) dialog: But we did it. I never do it with guys from the club. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 38) dialog: (screaming) Nobody? I’m NOBODY?! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 46) dialog: (shouting) Screw you! You’re just like my father!
2) 48) dialog: Your wife? I can’t believe you’re gonna’ let your wife come between us. (disgusted) I thought you had morals.
2) 50) dialog: You tell your wife to watch her back. Brooke PEELS out. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 20) dialog: Hey.
3) 22) dialog: Yeah. I want to sign up. Brooke gives Laura the evil-eye.
3) 24) dialog: Fuck. Oh, man. Yeah. That. I want to sign up for that. She looks over to Laura and mouths the word ‘I’m gonna’ c you.’
3) 26) dialog: Oh, I’ve worked with it all. Nancy slides over the sign up clipboard to Brooke. Laura walks over.
3) 35) dialog: Your husband owes me another 600 bucks.
3) 37) dialog: You came in between me and my man.
3) 39) dialog: So? You want a cookie ‘cause you got pregnant? I get pregnant like once a month.
3) 43) text: 45 LAURA (CONT’D) You're just another in a long string of whores. Brooke is stunned. We can understand that maybe she’s actually developed feelings for Bob. And then Laura goes for the kill. LAURA (CONT’D) He’1l fuck you a couple more times and then he’1l get bored. And after that he’1l come right back where he belongs: in my house, on my sofa. Brooke sucks it up.
3) 44) dialog: Listen. Does me being here piss you off in any way whatsoever?
3) 46) dialog: Good. Brooke marches back over to the sign-up table and scribbl her name on the clipboard.
3) 47) dialog: It’s on, hussy. Brooke exits leaving a stunned room. INT. PICKLER FAMILY HOME — NIGHT Laura, Nancy (the sign-up lady) and Carol Ann Stevenson have tea in Laura’s living room.
3) 66) text: 48 INT. JOHNSON COUNTY MOOSE LODGE — SAME A room, about the size of a small high school gym. Four identical glass walled COOLERS have been placed in the room, each containing giant, identical HUNKS OF BUTTER. Taped to the glass of each cooler is a homemade sign: ‘Laura,’ ‘Carol Ann,’ ‘Destiny,’ and ‘Brooke.’ INSERT TITLE CARD — THREE DAYS UNTIL ‘TROWELS DOWN’ CAROL ANN — stares at the massive hunk of butter. She’s trying so har to be an artist but it’s just not coming. She makes a CUT pauses, then stops: this is hard! She sits down on the floor and eats a Twinkie. DESTINY — is carving away. She’s cut the top half of the hunk off a placed it on its side. We can barely make it out at this stage, but it looks like it’s going to be a TRAIN. BROOKE'S COOLER — is empty. She probably forgot. LAURA'S COOLER — Laura stares at the hunk of butter, determined. LATER — CAROL ANN — has made a few cuts. She seems proud and honestly, we hav no idea why since her hunk of butter now looks like a mangled hunk of butter. DESTINY — is trucking away. Her TRAIN is really starting to materialize now. It has three cars, and she’s even manage to capture the smoke from the engine’s smokestack. As she works on the second hunk of butter, she looks up — Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 89) text: Brooke exits passing Carol Ann.
3) 90) dialog: (smiling) Cute shoes. Carol Ann is flummoxed but smiles anyway. Brooke leaves, lighting up a cigarette. MAIN HALL — A crowd has formed around Nancy, who taps into a microphone. There is an excitement in the air.
3) 94) text: The crowd cheers. DESTINY — Still working, puts her tools down. CAROL ANN — is already sitting on the floor reading Cat Fancy. LAURA — steps out of her cooler. She’s a vision again, barely worked up a sweat. (We don’t see her completed piece yet. BROOKE — is long gone.
3) 99) text: The parking lot is packed. This is a BIG DEAL for Johnson County. INT. MOOSE LODGE — SAME A crowd mills about behind the now roped-off coolers. Eac contestant stands in front of their respective sculpture. Laura across from Destiny; Carol Ann across from Brooke. We can now see Laura’s sculpture: a happy family, seated a_dinner table, praying. And you know what, it’s also AMAZING. Way better than anyone else’s. Laura has got this locked up. Laura catches Destiny’s eye and smiles. Destiny ignores her. She’s all steel nerves. LATER — Nancy taps on a MICROPHONE and stands on a milk crate.
3) 108) dialog: Many of you know that I ama former stripper, many times even taking my job further and engaging in sexual acts for money.
3) 112) text: 55 BROOKE (CONT’D) I have lived a life of sin. But recently I realized that all the men, all the lap dances, all the money - it was merely a replacement for the love I never received from my abusive father. I went from man to man to man, always looking, always searching. And one day, after I was nearly beaten to death by a customer, who, incidentally, I have reason to believe was Muslim, I stumbled into another house, a big welcoming house, and met another man. (dramatic, leaning into microphone) And that man was Jesus Christ. The crowd nods, especially the judges. They’re touched. Brooke stares down Laura: I told you it was on, hussy.
3) 113) dialog: I think my work speaks for itself. Brooke moves aside, revealing her crappy sculpture. It pretty much looks like a stick-drawing drawn on a hunk of butter. There are two eyes and a mouth and a giant “A” drawn on the figure’s chest in red lipstick.
3) 114) dialog: I call it My Scarlet Letter and it’s inspired by a movie starring Demi Moore. Thank you and God bless you. (shouting) Butter saves! Cheers! The crowd is moved. Many people nod their heads. Brooke steps down. Laura cannot believe people are buying this shit. Brooke looks over to Bob and mouths the words: 600 dollar
3) 184) text: 63 Brooke walks up and snatches her ribbon from Nancy's hand No one really claps, but some people feel sorry for her. NANCY (CONT’D) We hope you continue on your path towards righteousness.
3) 185) dialog: Oh, I will. Brooke smiles to the crowd. On her way out, Brooke spots Destiny.
3) 186) dialog: (whispering, looking to Laura) I know you're only, like, 12 and shit but listen up: you beat that skangy ass cunt and you beat her hard. Destiny nods. Brooke You're a good girl. Brooke pats her on the shoulder and gets the hell out.
5) 12) dialog: Hey. Can I come up? Kaitlen nods.
5) 16) dialog: Right. You don’t know where your dad keeps his money, do you?
5) 19) dialog: He just owes me money, that’s all.
5) 21) dialog: Thank you. So, the cash would-
5) 27) dialog: -would be in one of his drawers or something, right?
6) 0) text: The place is quiet. Laura’s Suburban pulls up. INT. BOLTON FORD — LATER We track through the dark and empty showroom. Past that, see a LIGHT on in a back office. And then we hear SEX MOANS. Instead of heading down the hall, we slowly focus in on a LIFESIZE CARDBOARD CUT-OUT of BOYD that reads “Bolton Ford: We’re all about the service.” The moans continue. INT. THE PICKLER FAMILY HOME — KAITLEN’S ROOM - LATER CLOSE ON KAITLEN’S face. He’s got major ‘0’ face. Brooke lifts her head up.
6) 5) dialog: I’m sorry, I can’t do this. It’s just not me.
6) 7) dialog: It was actually 1200. Kaitlen moves in closer to kiss Brooke.
6) 154) dialog: So you got the 1200 dollars, right?
6) 156) dialog: You’re probably gonna’ be late for practice. Kaitlen leans back, blissful.
6) 159) dialog: The money?
6) 162) dialog: Hey girl. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 167) dialog: Hop in. I got something for you. Destiny smiles and hops in. INT. WILLIAMS-SONOMA KITCHEN STORE — LATER CLOSE-ON: a set of VERY EXPENSIVE CHEF’S KNIVES laid out black velvet. They SPARKLE under the store’s lights. We pull back to reveal a CLERK showing Brooke and Destiny the showroom quality knives in a Williams-Sonoma store (NOTE: yes, there is one in Iowa.)
6) 168) dialog: (to Clerk) Can you leave us alone for a second? The Clerk nods and walks away. Brooke bends down and look Destiny in the eye.
6) 169) dialog: You see that store over there? Destiny looks across the mall to VICTORIA'S SECRET. BROOKE (CONT’D) (intense) That's called Victoria’s Secret and with this 1200 dollars I could buy work-clothes like you’ve never seen.
6) 171) dialog: A bank. Brooke Picks up the LONGEST KNIFE and lays it in Destiny’ hands, like one Samurai to another. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 89 BROOKE (CONT’D) (intense) My point is that I am willing to sacrifice 1200 dollars worth of totally cute outfits so that you may enact God’s will here on Earth. And you do that by kicking the shit out of Laura Pickler’s pasty white ass so hard that she and her hapless husband will never be able to wreak havoc on the poor innocent citizens of Johnson County again. We cool?
6) 174) dialog: You're welcome. Brooke stands up, a new woman. LATER —
6) 175) text: Brooke’s bug leaves the mall parking lot, passing a YELLO MUSTANG. The Mustang parks outside Williams Sonoma. INT. VOLVO — THE NEXT DAY Ethan and Destiny drive home from school.
6) 210) text: 93 INT. MOOSE LODGE — SAME Two coolers face each other. Each with identical slabs of butter. They’re roped off which is a good thing because t room is filled with ONLOOKERS. Destiny, holding the KNIFE SET Brooke bestowed upon her, faces Laura. Laura tries to psych her out with one of her patented smiles, but Destiny is not having it: she’s soli Nancy stands on a crate between then and BLOWS A WHISTLE: It’s on. DESTINY'S COOLER — Destiny unfolds the velvet knife set on the floor. She looks up and spots Brooke, who smiles. Destiny pulls out the longest, shiniest knife and holds i in the light. LAURA’S COOLER — Laura flips through a yellow legal pad filled with detail notes. She seems confused, then she spots Destiny’s shiny knife: shit! CROWD — Even more onlookers file in. From this POV, we can see Destiny has already begun carving her piece. We can’t tel what it is yet. Laura is still frantically flipping through her papers. LATER — Even more people have come to check out the competition. DESTINY’S COOLER — Her piece is moving along. We can make out a figure.. tha about it. LAURA’S COOLER — Laura is moving along too. It kind of looks like a car. Maybe a convertible. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca