0) 40) dialog: You really think so?
0) 80) dialog: Oh, I come every year and that’s mainly because of Bob. Everyone knows he’s made butter what it is today. He’s hands-down the best. Not to mention the sexiest. (giggles) Oh my god, I did not just say that. (suddenly nervous) Wait, will Laura see this? Oh, you have to cut that part out. (BEAT) No, seriously. Carol Ann Stevenson stares at the camera, afraid for her life. - INSERT GRAINY VHS VIDEO — 1987- A YOUNGER BOB carves a butter sculpture of Ronald Reagan riding a horse. Bob put down his tools.
3) 5) text: 42 Laura turns to see Carol Ann Stevenson. The poor thing is wearing a Land 0’ Lakes t-shirt three sizes too small.
3) 6) dialog: 
3) 8) dialog: Oh my god! Are you entering too? Oh my God! We have to get coolers RIGHT. NEXT. TO. EACH. OTHER! It’ll be just like camp!
3) 10) dialog: I’m so nervous. I mean, what am I doing, right? But you know I just thought ‘Carol Ann, you have been on the sidelines too long. Now’s your time to run out onto the court and play ball!’
3) 12) dialog: I'm so glad you're here. We're gonna’ be just like sisters! Behind them, Destiny enters the hallway.
3) 13) dialog: (to Destiny) Oh, no offense.
3) 54) dialog: She is representing America’ favorite butter. Nancy stands up.
3) 66) text: 48 INT. JOHNSON COUNTY MOOSE LODGE — SAME A room, about the size of a small high school gym. Four identical glass walled COOLERS have been placed in the room, each containing giant, identical HUNKS OF BUTTER. Taped to the glass of each cooler is a homemade sign: ‘Laura,’ ‘Carol Ann,’ ‘Destiny,’ and ‘Brooke.’ INSERT TITLE CARD — THREE DAYS UNTIL ‘TROWELS DOWN’ CAROL ANN — stares at the massive hunk of butter. She’s trying so har to be an artist but it’s just not coming. She makes a CUT pauses, then stops: this is hard! She sits down on the floor and eats a Twinkie. DESTINY — is carving away. She’s cut the top half of the hunk off a placed it on its side. We can barely make it out at this stage, but it looks like it’s going to be a TRAIN. BROOKE'S COOLER — is empty. She probably forgot. LAURA'S COOLER — Laura stares at the hunk of butter, determined. LATER — CAROL ANN — has made a few cuts. She seems proud and honestly, we hav no idea why since her hunk of butter now looks like a mangled hunk of butter. DESTINY — is trucking away. Her TRAIN is really starting to materialize now. It has three cars, and she’s even manage to capture the smoke from the engine’s smokestack. As she works on the second hunk of butter, she looks up — Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 75) text: 50 CAROL ANN — exasperated, gets up, pops open a Diet Snapple, and walks over to LAURA’S COOLER — Laura’s moving along nicely. We can see she’s completed a few FIGURES, SEATED IN CHAIRS. As much as we hate to admi it. She’s doing a great job. Carol Ann raps on the glass. Laura opens the cooler door.
3) 77) dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. You must be hard at work in there creating your little masterpiece. Mine..2 I don’t know. I mean, I thought it would work out but — this is hard, Laura.
3) 79) dialog: Destiny.
3) 81) dialog: She’s actually really good. You should see it. Laura takes her best I can’t be bothered face and steps o of her cooler. OUTSIDE DESTINY’S COOLER — Laura sours. Destiny is finished and her sculpture is AMAZING. What’s worse for Laura, we see Destiny’s full vision now: THE UNDERGROUND RAILROAD. The train is the same, but now we s the figure she was carving is HARRIET TUBMAN. The wind fr Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 87) dialog: It's amazing, isn’t it? I mean, that’s almost as good as anything Bob’s ever done. Laura shoots Carol Ann a look and storms back to her cooler. LATER — A group of WEBELOS (young boy scouts) has come on an outi to check out the progress. Hayden (he kindly gave Destiny his pencil at school) is there, too. They’re taken in by Destiny's sculpture, until - A pair of CLEAR HIGH HEELS struts on the tiled floor. Brooke has entered the building. Carol Ann spots her. Brooke spots her back and FLICKS her tongue sexually. Carol Ann is mortified. LATER —
3) 89) text: Brooke exits passing Carol Ann.
3) 94) text: The crowd cheers. DESTINY — Still working, puts her tools down. CAROL ANN — is already sitting on the floor reading Cat Fancy. LAURA — steps out of her cooler. She’s a vision again, barely worked up a sweat. (We don’t see her completed piece yet. BROOKE — is long gone.
3) 99) text: The parking lot is packed. This is a BIG DEAL for Johnson County. INT. MOOSE LODGE — SAME A crowd mills about behind the now roped-off coolers. Eac contestant stands in front of their respective sculpture. Laura across from Destiny; Carol Ann across from Brooke. We can now see Laura’s sculpture: a happy family, seated a_dinner table, praying. And you know what, it’s also AMAZING. Way better than anyone else’s. Laura has got this locked up. Laura catches Destiny’s eye and smiles. Destiny ignores her. She’s all steel nerves. LATER — Nancy taps on a MICROPHONE and stands on a milk crate.
3) 105) dialog: Oh God, I don’t know what to say! There's so many people here! Whew! I just really love kittens? Especially when they get tangled in a blanket which I didn’t do because that would be so hard to carve so I put them in a basket instead. I hope that's okay? Thank you!
3) 106) text: Carol Ann steps down. No one really knows what to do so a few polite people clap.
3) 180) dialog: Oh my God! I won something! Carol Ann races up and takes her fourth place ribbon.
6) 147) dialog: I just wanted to apologize for supporting that horrible woman and I came to help out in anyway that I can. Destiny smiles.
6) 148) dialog: And I made my famous Peeps Lemon Meringue Piel! Carol Ann removes the lid of her Tupperware dish, reveali a pie, topped with melted, year-old Easter Peeps. The reaction is not good. LIVING ROOM — LATER On the couch: Jill, Hayden, Ethan and Carol Ann. They all shake their heads: NO! (we don’t even see Destiny this time.) LIVING ROOM — LATER Same folks on the couch but this time they nod.
6) 215) dialog: (shouting) I made you my famous ham, marshmallow Jell-o casserole! Destiny, ever polite, smiles. LAURA'S COOLER — Laura makes a wrong cut. A hunk of butter falls to the floor. She picks it up, livid. She then spots Bob outside the cooler and gives him the evil eye: this is all your fault. MAIN ROOM — We can now see that more people are crowded around Destiny’s cooler than Laura's. EXT. ICE CREAM PARLOR — SAME A group of KIDS sit on their bicycles and eat drippy ice cream cones. Hayden pulls up on his bike.