0) 54) dialog: I told her to go with green.
0) 55) text: Jill looks at Ethan. The whole thing is kind of awkward.
0) 59) dialog: Oh, you can’t watch that past 8? Did we say 8?
0) 63) dialog: What do you like to do for fun? Hobbies? We can buy you some stuff.
0) 69) dialog: Oh, don’t say that. Everybody’s good at something.
1) 24) dialog: You'll be fine. Destiny looks to him. She clutches her pink backpack.
1) 25) dialog: I’m in room 412. I’m always just a short walk away, okay? Destiny grabs her backpack and hops out. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
1) 44) dialog: Shoot.
1) 46) dialog: (As in thank God I have an ally now.) Jill. She means well. It used to be worse. She used to by this fake meat called seiten. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
1) 51) dialog: Exactly. Look. I’1l1 pick some up on the way home.
1) 53) dialog: Really.
2) 88) dialog: Here we are. Destiny suddenly looks nervous. She doesn’t want to go.
2) 89) dialog: Do you want me to go in with you? Ethan senses she’s having second thoughts.
2) 90) dialog: Don’t tell Jill because she always tells me to think positive but what I like to do is this: think of all the bad things that could possibly happen to you if you enter this contest. Like, you could die of a tragic butter overdose or maybe a rabid grizzly bear is hiding inside the moose lodge waiting to rip your face off. Think of all that and then ask yourself ‘what’s the worst that could happen?’
2) 95) dialog: Or a mass murder who only kills little girls.
2) 97) dialog: So, honestly, what’s the worst that could happen?
2) 99) dialog: And could you live with that? Destiny thinks for a second.
2) 101) dialog: Well good. Then that’s all you need to know. There’s a possibility you might suck and lose. That’s really not that big of a deal, is it? Destiny, still nervous but a bit assuaged, looks at him a nods.
2) 102) dialog: Now go make us proud. Destiny hops out of the car.
3) 72) dialog: Just be supportive. Jill looks to him: but it’s weird. DESTINY — Her train is fully complete now. It’s amazing. Three cars with life-life detail. She’s hard at work at the second part of her piece. It’s a human figure of some sort.. we can’t quite tell yet. CAROL ANN — We can MAYBE see what she’s going for now: THREE KITTENS a bucket or a maybe a Hickory Farms gift basket? Regardless, it looks like shit and Carol Ann knows it. It actually kind of heartbreaking. BROOKE'S COOLER — is still empty. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 0) text: Laura leaves, but instead of getting into her Suburban, chooses the Minivan. INT. THE EMMIT HOUSE — LATER A CAKE - It’s white with blue icing that reads ‘Congratulations Destiny!’ Two SPARKLERS are stuck in the icing and light up the dining room. Ethan pours everyone a glass of sparkling apple juice and toasts.
4) 1) dialog: To Destiny!
4) 7) text: 67 Jill looks to Ethan.
5) 0) text: Jill, with some turpentine and a scrub brush, tries to remove the spray paint from the garage door. Ethan approaches.
5) 1) dialog: I‘1l take over.
5) 4) dialog: I said I'll take over.
6) 14) text: 74 INT. EMMIT FAMILY HOME — SAME Ethan and Destiny are doing arts and crafts at the kitche table. Destiny holds up a collage, made from dried pasta, of Jill
6) 15) dialog: She's going to love that. Destiny doesn’t seem all that thrilled.
6) 16) dialog: Something bothering you?
6) 18) dialog: You sure?
6) 20) dialog: Okay. The phone RINGS.
6) 21) dialog: (on phone) Hello? Sure, I think we can do that. Ok. Thank you, Nancy. Ethan hangs up and looks at the phone oddly. INT. MOOSE LODGE — COMMUNITY ROOM B — NIGHT A nondescript conference room in the Moose Lodge. Nothing could be more depressing. Ethan and Jill enter, followed by Destiny. Already seated at the table, and staring at them like they’ve just drowned a puppy is Laura, Nancy, Orval, Bob, the three county judges and one BUSINESS MAN. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 26) dialog: What’s going on? The room is silent. Laura is beaming. Nancy motions toward the Business Man.
6) 29) dialog: (looking to Laura) Yeah. We saw it.
6) 31) dialog: Why?
6) 37) dialog: This is ridiculous.
6) 41) dialog: Let me. Ethan follows Destiny. Jill folds her arms: I hope you people are happy. HALLWAY — LATER
6) 42) text: Ethan and Destiny sit on plastic chairs. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77
6) 43) dialog: Adults can be - they can be unfair sometimes.
6) 46) dialog: Why? You’re amazing. It’s everyone else that should be scared. They’1l see this dumb thing for what it is and then you'll win this State thing. I mean, did you know how talented you are?
6) 48) dialog: What?
6) 51) dialog: No.
6) 53) dialog: Did you know that Jill can’t have babies.
6) 55) dialog: Well, that’s complicated.
6) 58) dialog: I guess you could say that. But the adoption people would ask as over and over ‘are you sure you don’t want a baby? We can get you a baby. You both have good jobs, you have a nice house, we can get you a baby. And we made up this whole thing in our heads that, like, we wanted an older child because they always get overlooked and we'd be doing so much to help the world and society and everything. but the truth is that we're scared to have a baby.
6) 61) dialog: I don’t know. Destiny pats him on the shoulder.
6) 82) dialog: I’ve never met this dude in my life.
6) 106) dialog: Destiny. You do not have to agree to this.
6) 117) text: 83 BOYD (CONT’D) Laura? Laura? I need to see you. Boyd’s got it bad. INT. VOLVO — NIGHT Jill drives, with Ethan in the passenger seat. Destiny is in the back.
6) 119) dialog: gill.
6) 123) dialog: Destiny, We still have time to go back there and tell them we don’t want to do this- Jill pulls into their driveway and abruptly stops the car She looks to Ethan.
6) 175) text: Brooke’s bug leaves the mall parking lot, passing a YELLO MUSTANG. The Mustang parks outside Williams Sonoma. INT. VOLVO — THE NEXT DAY Ethan and Destiny drive home from school.
6) 176) dialog: Tomorrow’s the big day. Destiny looks out the window.
6) 181) text: 90 INT. EMMIT HOME — KITCHEN — SAME Jill sits at the kitchen table with a WOMAN in a beige suit. She stands up when Ethan and Destiny enter. Jill seems distraught.
6) 185) dialog: She can stay. Destiny looks to Jill. Jill takes a deep breath and then nods.
6) 187) dialog: When? Where? How do we know she’s legit?
6) 191) dialog: What happened?
6) 193) dialog: She can handle it. What happened?
6) 231) text: 97 EXT. MOOSE LODGE — NIGHT The place is dead. A JANITOR exits and locks the door behind him. He drives away. INT MOOSE LODGE — NIGHT It’s dark, illuminated only by a few Exit signs. The FRONT DOOR jiggles a bit. Then a bit HARDER. Finally, it FLIES open. We see a FIGURE. Then FOOTSTEPS. Then the door to Destiny’s cooler CREAKS OPEN. And then, from outside the cooler, all we see is the HOT, BLUE FLAME from a créme brulee torch light up Destiny’s butter art. CLOSE ON the face of the child in Destiny’s sculpture as SLOWLY MELTS AWAY. The flame EXTINGUISHES. INT. MOOSE HALL — MAIN ROOM — THE NEXT DAY INSERT TITLE CARD - “FINAL JUDGING” Destiny enters the hall with Ethan and Jill, dressed in their Sunday best. Up ahead, they spot a crowd, including Hayden, gathered around her piece. Hayden looks to her, distraught. Destiny walks closer, and sees her sculpture in the full light of day: the Mother is in tact, but the baby’s face completely melted off. It’s ruined. Ethan races up to Nancy.
6) 232) dialog: What happened?
6) 236) dialog: Well, she can have time to fix it, right?
6) 238) dialog: c'mon, lady.
6) 240) dialog: (finally losing it) You people are ridiculous. You know what? It’s butter! You put it on toast. The government gives it away for free! And newsflash? It’s bad for you! Yeah, I said it. It clogs your arteries and makes you fat and you’re all going to die because of it!
6) 241) text: The crowd is so offended there are no words. Jill apologetically escorts Ethan out of the Main Hall. He nee a time out. WOMEN’S RESTROOM — Laura stares in the mirror, fixing her hair. If it weren’ Laura, we'd think maybe she was a bit nervous. And then, Destiny enters. Laura eyes her through the mirror.