0) 52) dialog: This will be your bedroom. Destiny enters the room slowly. She’s never seen anything this nice.
0) 55) text: Jill looks at Ethan. The whole thing is kind of awkward.
0) 57) dialog: This is your home now. You’re part of our family and we want you to be comfortable. Jill looks to Ethan: that was the right thing to say, right? Destiny sits down on the bed and looks around.
0) 61) dialog: 9. No TV past 9. (BEAT) Is there anything you need? You have sheets, towels are in the bath, anything? Destiny looks around.
0) 71) dialog: (heartbroken) Well you don’t have to worry about stuff like that anymore, okay?
2) 57) dialog: Can I come in? Destiny nods. Jill sits down on the bed.
2) 58) dialog: How was your first day?
2) 60) dialog: Mrs. Schram says you're quite the artist. Destiny looks down.
2) 62) dialog: Well I think that’s great. Destiny says nothing.
2) 63) dialog: Ethan said you were interested in doing that butter contest thing? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 68) dialog: Are you sure? It’s kind of rednecky.
2) 70) dialog: Come on. It’s late. Lights out. Before she leaves, Jill spots Destiny’s SUITCASE in the corner, still unpacked. EXT. JOHNSON COUNTY MOOSE LODGE — DAY INSERT TITLE CARD — ‘Sign-ups’ A cinderblock building painted blue. A sign reads “Loyal Order of the Moose.” There are a few small cars parked out front. Laura’s Suburban pulls up. INSIDE THE SUBURBAN — Laura listens to the book on tape of “The Secret.”
3) 71) dialog: (whispering) This is weird.
4) 7) text: 67 Jill looks to Ethan.
4) 14) dialog: (on video) Murderers! In the background, we see a Land O’ Lakes truck pull up. student races up to it, and SPLATTERS a bucket of fake blood right over the Land 0’ Lakes logo. BACK TO ROOM —
5) 0) text: Jill, with some turpentine and a scrub brush, tries to remove the spray paint from the garage door. Ethan approaches.
5) 2) dialog: It’s not coming off. Jill removes her rubber gloves and wipes her brow.
5) 3) dialog: I don’t know if I can do this, Ethan.
5) 5) dialog: That’s not what I mean. Ethan gets closer. He sees she’s upset.
5) 6) dialog: The cooking. The laundry. And I have to watch my mouth. And the butter thing? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
5) 10) dialog: c'mon, it’s weird. A grown woman vandalized our home. I mean, honestly. These people are nuts.(BEAT) I’m just not meant to be a mom. I can’t do it. She’s a sweet kid but, I don’t know. Jill walks away. But we pull back to reveal Destiny, looking on from the front porch. She heard the whole thin INT. PICKLER HOME — KAITLEN’S ROOM — SAME Kaitlen sits on her bed smoking a bowl. She coughs, and then blows the smoke into a blow tube (a toilet paper tub with dryer sheets stuffed in the end.) EXT. PICKLER FAMILY HOME — SIDE VIEW — LATER Brooke, dressed in head-to-toe black, picks up a rock and tosses at an illuminated upstairs window. INSIDE — The ROCK hits the window.
6) 14) text: 74 INT. EMMIT FAMILY HOME — SAME Ethan and Destiny are doing arts and crafts at the kitche table. Destiny holds up a collage, made from dried pasta, of Jill
6) 33) dialog: What? Are you kidding me? You're kidding me, right? That was 20 years ago. And it’s me, for crying out loud, Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 76
6) 34) dialog: not her. And it’s a protest. People have a right to protest.
6) 83) dialog: Seriously. This is a joke. We’re leaving. (looking to the crowd) I mean, c’mon. Some of them look away. They’re actually buying this crap
6) 84) dialog: You guys saw her carve it with your own eyes. I can’t believe I’m even arguing this.
6) 98) dialog: Absolutely not. Destiny won on her own, fair and square. What’s wrong with you people? I can’t believe you will let this two-bit trophy wife- This sets off a shouting match of accusations and anger amidst everyone except Destiny. As it escalates, Destiny quietly stands up.
6) 100) dialog: Destiny-
6) 117) text: 83 BOYD (CONT’D) Laura? Laura? I need to see you. Boyd’s got it bad. INT. VOLVO — NIGHT Jill drives, with Ethan in the passenger seat. Destiny is in the back.
6) 118) dialog: Can you believe that bitch?
6) 120) dialog: I'm sorry. (to Destiny) You know you can’t say ‘bitch,’ right? Destiny chuckles.
6) 122) dialog: Eh. Just her whole thing — the hair, the dress, that grin — I mean, give me a break.
6) 124) dialog: Are you kidding me? Destiny is going to tear that witch apart, aren’t you Destiny? Destiny smiles. Jill is officially on board. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 129) dialog: Good girl. (BEAT) Now let’s go. We have a lot of prep work to do. The ‘new family’ exits the Volvo and heads inside. INT. PICKLER FAMILY HOME — BASEMENT — NIGHT Laura stands before an un-carved massive block of butter their basement, in-home butter carving unit. Bob looks on
6) 149) dialog: That’s it! Everyone seems to be in agreement (we don’t see her mock- up-) EXT. TATE HIGH SCHOOL — TRACK FIELD — DAY A group of BAND GEEKS practice in the background. Brooke’ car is parked behind the bleachers. INT. BROOKE’S CAR — SAME KAITLEN is in the passenger seat. She’s in a state of pos coital bliss.
6) 181) text: 90 INT. EMMIT HOME — KITCHEN — SAME Jill sits at the kitchen table with a WOMAN in a beige suit. She stands up when Ethan and Destiny enter. Jill seems distraught.
6) 184) dialog: (uncharacteristically serious) Destiny, you should go to your room.
6) 190) text: Jill takes Destiny’s hand. Jill is holding back tears. Destiny is unmoved.
6) 195) dialog: Destiny. Your mother was a wonderful woman who fell on hard times. She was not capable of caring for you but she loved you very much nonetheless.
6) 231) text: 97 EXT. MOOSE LODGE — NIGHT The place is dead. A JANITOR exits and locks the door behind him. He drives away. INT MOOSE LODGE — NIGHT It’s dark, illuminated only by a few Exit signs. The FRONT DOOR jiggles a bit. Then a bit HARDER. Finally, it FLIES open. We see a FIGURE. Then FOOTSTEPS. Then the door to Destiny’s cooler CREAKS OPEN. And then, from outside the cooler, all we see is the HOT, BLUE FLAME from a créme brulee torch light up Destiny’s butter art. CLOSE ON the face of the child in Destiny’s sculpture as SLOWLY MELTS AWAY. The flame EXTINGUISHES. INT. MOOSE HALL — MAIN ROOM — THE NEXT DAY INSERT TITLE CARD - “FINAL JUDGING” Destiny enters the hall with Ethan and Jill, dressed in their Sunday best. Up ahead, they spot a crowd, including Hayden, gathered around her piece. Hayden looks to her, distraught. Destiny walks closer, and sees her sculpture in the full light of day: the Mother is in tact, but the baby’s face completely melted off. It’s ruined. Ethan races up to Nancy.
6) 241) text: The crowd is so offended there are no words. Jill apologetically escorts Ethan out of the Main Hall. He nee a time out. WOMEN’S RESTROOM — Laura stares in the mirror, fixing her hair. If it weren’ Laura, we'd think maybe she was a bit nervous. And then, Destiny enters. Laura eyes her through the mirror.
6) 277) dialog: Hayden, would you like to start us off with a Christmas carol?