0) 149) dialog: (deadpan) Or just go straight to Jesus? Laura looks to Kaitlen - and that’s all she needs to do t shut her up.
0) 161) dialog: Cover your balls, Dad.
2) 3) dialog: Oh, the horror.
2) 9) dialog: Have you ever made a butter sculpture before? You don’t even eat dairy. Oh, man you are going to suck so hard.
2) 11) dialog: I’m just saying.
2) 27) text: 35 Bob senses something behind him. It’s Kaitlen. Bob SLAMS the door.
2) 29) dialog: (intrigued) Dad. Who was that?
2) 33) dialog: Was she a hooker? I liked her boots.
2) 35) dialog: Wait. Is she your hooker? Because - (she looks upstairs) -we totally understand if she is.
3) 195) dialog: Mom! You can’t say that word.
3) 199) dialog: Mom. What’s your problem? It’s just some stupid contest.
3) 202) dialog: God. I can’t wait ‘til I’m 18 so I can get out of this stupid family. Laura drives faster.
3) 206) dialog: Maybe I'll be a stripper, like Dad’s friend. Laura is floored. Bob’s not too happy either. Kaitlen seems pleased: she knows to hit where it hurts. But then again, so does her mom.
3) 208) dialog: 
5) 11) dialog: Whoa. Another ROCK. Kaitlen gets up and looks out the window. She sees BROOKE —
5) 13) dialog: Meet me around back. KAITLEN’S ROOM — ON TV: a WOMAN sells the “Snuzzler” (a support for your newborn’s head) on the Home Shopping Network. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 71
5) 14) dialog: (stoned, to Brooke) Don’t you think its weird that babies can’t hold up their heads on their own? I mean think about how fucked up that is? Its like you shouldn't be allowed to exist or something if you cant hold up your own head by yourself. Whatever. I think everyone should be forced to have abortions anyways. I mean, think about it. Is a baby better off dead or in the suburbs? At least you feel no pain when you’re vacuumed out of some cooter but in the suburbs you’re forced to live with some stupid family, with stupid people that call you fat when you are not fat at all and then you have to deal with stupid boys like Rob Ackerman who don’t call you back even though you blow them in the backseat of their Kia’s. (BEAT) God, I hate people and I can’t wait ‘til everyone dies from Global Warming.
5) 15) text: Kaitlen takes another hit.
5) 18) dialog: Why? Does he owe you money? (intrigued) Like for sex. Kaitlen smiles at Brooke. Like, really smiles at Brooke.
5) 20) dialog: Your hair is so cool.
5) 28) dialog: I don’t know. Do you want to play Truth or Dare? The look on Brooke’s face says it all. STAIRWELL — Laura, fully dressed, TIPTOES down the stairs. She reache the front door, notices Bob asleep, and slowly cracks ope to door. OUTSIDE — Laura gets into her Suburban.
6) 0) text: The place is quiet. Laura’s Suburban pulls up. INT. BOLTON FORD — LATER We track through the dark and empty showroom. Past that, see a LIGHT on in a back office. And then we hear SEX MOANS. Instead of heading down the hall, we slowly focus in on a LIFESIZE CARDBOARD CUT-OUT of BOYD that reads “Bolton Ford: We’re all about the service.” The moans continue. INT. THE PICKLER FAMILY HOME — KAITLEN’S ROOM - LATER CLOSE ON KAITLEN’S face. He’s got major ‘0’ face. Brooke lifts her head up.
6) 1) dialog: Don’t stop. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 6) dialog: I can get you that 600 dollars. Brooke considers this.
6) 8) dialog: You’re so beautiful and different. Brooke is freaked, but tries to play along.
6) 9) dialog: You’re everything I’ve ever wanted to be and now you’re right here.. in my arms. Kaitlen is so sincere it’s painful. Brooke is dying but s has her priorities. She leans in and kisses Kaitlen. INT. BOLTON FORD — NIGHT Boyd sits inside the yellow Mustang that’s on display in the showroom. Tears are in his eyes. Through the window, we see Laura’s Suburban pull away.
6) 150) dialog: We should get an apartment together. We could move to Des Moines. Brooke rolls her eyes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 155) dialog: (blissful) Or maybe Chicago. I heard you can be who you really are in the big city. Brooke is dying a thousand deaths.
6) 157) dialog: Screw The Man. I could stay with you forever. Brooke reaches over and opens Kaitlen’s door. She motions for her to get out.
6) 158) dialog: Ok. Call me, okay.
6) 160) dialog: Oh. Kaitlen hands Brooke the wad of cash.
6) 161) dialog: Call me. We could maybe go furniture shopping later or something, okay? Brooke’s face says it all as she peels out. EXT. COUNTRY DAY SCHOOL — SAME Brooke pulls out front just as the kids are getting out f the day. She spots Destiny and honks her horn.
6) 265) dialog: (standing up, livid) Get away from her you fat misogynist pig! Brooke looks to Kaitlen: Get OUT of here! EXT. JOHNSON COUNTY WATER TREATMENT FACILITY — NIGHT Boyd Bolton holds the créme brulee torch in his hands. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) His friends abandoned him too. Boyd kisses the créme brulee torch and then THROWS it int the waste treatment pond. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca