0) 0) dialog: What’s our secret? We can only see her from behind, but the SAD SACKS that descend on the opposing escalator seem to be in AWE. She steps off, but we stay on the ESCALATOR - INT. LAND O’LAKES DAIRY FACILITY — DES MOINES, IOWA A CONVEYOR BELT in a high-tech dairy. An oblivious COW rolls by. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) Our secret is simple: We are the best. Bob carves butter better than anyone. Better than Ned Eaton, better than Carol Ann Stevenson, and certainly better than that girl. The conveyor belt STOPS. The cow looks at us, quizzically A machine WHIRLS up and milk begins to flow through clear tubes. LAURA (V.O, CONT’D) And it used to be that in this country the best always won. ASSEMBLY LINE — STICK after STICK of yellow BUTTER floats by on a conveyo belt. We move in on one sad, deformed stick of butter. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) Well, times have changed. Another WORKER grabs the deformed stick of butter and throws it in the TRASH. EXT. CORNFIELD — IOWA — DAY A YOUNG BLACK GIRL rides her bike down a long dirt drivew toward a yellow house. She has multi-colored barrettes in her hair and a white wicker basket attached to her bike. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 24) dialog: As you know, my husband Bob is a visionary in the field of butter artistry. Obviously I'm aware the idea of butter sculpting can cause people to sneer or snicker but did you know that more people visited the butter sculptures at the Iowa State Fair last year than saw Celine Dion’s farewell tour in Las Vegas or attended the World Series... combined? Of course you didn’t. How could you with the liberal media as biased as it is? A huge CROWD has formed around one sculpture in particula a life-sized replica of- LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) And yes, Bob took home the blue ribbon again like he had each year for the past 20 years. DA VINCI’S LAST SUPPER - From afar, the sculpture looks ridiculous. But as we get closer, we see the exquisite detail of the CHALICE, the ROBES that flow right before o eyes, the quiver of fear in Jesus and the slight cock of Judas’ eyebrow. It’s truly a masterpiece. LAURA (V.O. CONT’D) The Des Moines Register even called him ‘The King Of Butter.’ A FINGER presses the ‘play’ button on an old boom box. Th theme from “Rocky” blares. A fog machine ramps up. A man Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 27) text: runs out to greet his public: BOB PICKLER - rock star, natural, and a god among men. CHEERS! The crowd freaks out. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) Guess that kinda’ makes me the queen. AND THEN, as the fog parts, a woman emerges. This is LAUR PICKLER and her age is none of your business. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) We had it all. FLASH BULBS! NEWS CAMERAS! The crowd is mesmerized by a smiling Bob and a waving Laura. They are Brad and Angelin of butter. INT. CHILDREN’S TRANSITIONAL HOME — SAME Destiny is in the TV room. ON TV — a NEWSCAST from the Iowa State Fair. A REPORTER interviews Bob and Laura standing beside Bob’s Last Suppe sculpture.
0) 28) dialog: (to reporter) Of course the awards are wonderful, but what’s most satisfying to Bob and I is the attention we bring to our charity, Camp Butter, where we help children with special needs. CLOSE ON: Destiny as Laura mouths the words ‘special needs.’ She’s mesmerized as the happy couple laughs. Laur kisses Bob on the cheek. Bob kisses her back. They’re amazing. Destiny hops up. EXT. TRANSITIONAL CENTER — LATER Destiny unlocks her bike and takes off. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 35) dialog: Being the wife of a celebrity, I was used to the way other women could get around my Bob. Less secure women might get jealous, but I never really felt threatened. I mean, considering the competition I didn’t really think I had anything to worry about- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 38) text: A chunky woman wearing a homemade “I’m a Bob-Head” sweatshirt and nursing a Slurpee races up to Laura.
0) 39) dialog: Carol Ann Stevenson! Why you look just amazing. Laura leans down and hugs the poor, sad thing. CAROL ANN STEVENSON is star-struck in the presence of Laura.
0) 41) dialog: Oh, yes. I think it’s very brave of you to wear stirrup pants with your body type. Carol Ann looks down at her pants, insecure.
0) 42) dialog: Which brings me to Destiny— LATER — Another crowd has formed around Bob. The guy is a people magnet. Bob leans down to Destiny and pats her on the hea He studies her tiny butter sculpture of the Chalice.
0) 50) dialog: Destiny. I think her parents were a little presumptuous naming her that, don’t you? Say what you will, but at least those people are creative with their names. Laura leers at Destiny, arms folded.
0) 51) dialog: (forced) Still, I wish her the best. Bob leans down to hug Destiny. It’s one of those true, heartfelt, authentic hugs. And maybe, just for a second, catch of glimpse of Laura looking over in, dare it be sai awe. She hasn’t had a hug like that in years. EXT. EMMET FAMILY HOME — IOWA CITY - NIGHT A Volvo pulls into the driveway of a refurbished Victoria A BICYCLE (we remember it as Destiny’s bike with the basket) is attached to a bike rack in the back. INT. EMMET FAMILY HOME — BEDROOM - LATER An adorable girls’ bedroom. A woman, JILL EMMET, flips on the soft lights.
0) 86) dialog: Maybe more detail in the hands like we discussed? It has to be perfect. We're recording this for posterity. A YOUNGER LAURA, with bigger hair and shoulder pads spins the video recorder around (she’s holding it) and records herself. She seems more lighthearted and less intense.
0) 87) dialog: Hello posterity. How do you like my new dress? Younger Laura hands the camera to Bob and spins around, showing off her dress. She and Bob both laugh.
0) 89) dialog: I’m worth it. Laura smiles as Bob swoops into frame for a peck on the cheek. - Another man, NED EATON, speaks to the camera while carving a sculpture of his own.
0) 106) text: 15 - Laura speaks. She’s in her living room, fresh flowers behind her and the shot is filmed with a soft-focus Vaseline lens.
0) 107) dialog: People laugh when I say this, but I think Bob and I could really parlay this fame we have from butter into politics. I mean, don’t be shocked if you see us in the governor’s mansion one day. This is just the beginning. (BEAT) We help children with special needs, you know. - The Butter Fan speaks again.
0) 113) text: 16 No butter, just Soy Spread. INT. PIONEER HALL — LATER The party seems to be winding down but Laura, ever the trooper, is posing for photos with a few kids with Downs Syndrome.
0) 114) dialog: (shouting to the handicapped) I've always said your people are the small flashlight that helps a dark world find its lost car keys. With Laura distracted, Orval motions for Bob to come join him.
0) 130) dialog: Of course he would make an excellent mayor or even governor. If we can achieve excellence in one arena then we can certainly achieve it in another. That's just how life is. Successful people can be successful at anything. Her admirers nod in agreement.
0) 140) dialog: (screaming) Who the fuck do they think they are? INT. THE PICKLER FAMILY HOME — SAME Laura, still in her gown, is pacing around the living roo while Bob, with his head lowered, sits on the sofa.
0) 141) dialog: This is wrong. This is so wrong. They can’t do this. We have rights. Their daughter KAITLEN, 17, watches her ‘episode’ — she’s been through it all before.
0) 143) dialog: (more pacing) Clearly Orval wanted you out of the way. I’ve always known exactly what kind of person he is. Of course, I never thought he’d go this far but-
0) 148) dialog: Don’t be so naive. He’s had it out for us from day one. (BEAT) I’1l call the governor. That's what I’1ll do.
0) 150) dialog: My constitutional rights are being violated and I will call the governor. Get me the yellow pages. Bob looks up. He just has to say it.
0) 152) dialog: What did you say?
0) 154) dialog: (closing in) Whose side are you on, Bob? They’re destroying everything we’ve worked so hard on for the last 20 years and you’re just going to take it?
0) 156) dialog: How dare you bring Oprah into this? This is about me, you and butter. Bob peaks his head up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 159) dialog: (sweetly) Kaitlen. Could you leave us, please? Kaitlen gets up and runs the hell upstairs.
0) 162) dialog: I know why this happened. You didn’t stand up for yourself again. That’s what happened, isn’t it?
0) 164) dialog: I guess dad was right when he warned me against marrying someone whose biggest dream was to be a middle-school principal.
0) 166) dialog: It means I should’ve taken his advice and married Boyd Bolton. At least he inherited a successful Ford Dealership. Bob gets up and grabs his coat.
0) 169) dialog: I doubt Boyd would just give up Bolton Ford at the drop of a hat.
0) 174) dialog: What if Al Qaeda attacked Bolton Ford? Do you think Boyd would just throw in the towel? Just say ‘here terrorists, take the keys!? It’s all yours.’
0) 176) dialog: (shouting out the front door) No, Bob, he would’ve fought for it like a fucking man! Laura slams the door behind him. Bob peels out in his minivan. INT. EMMIT HOME — BATHROOM — NIGHT Destiny sits on the toilet. Just before she finishes peeing, she looks to the toilet paper holder: it’s empty. Destiny hobbles up and looks worried: she doesn’t know where these people keep their toilet paper. She opens a few cupboards: Nothing. Finally, she looks under the sink and spots a spare roll. Destiny puts the paper on the holder and finishes her business. EXT. ANOTHER SUBURBAN HOME — NIGHT A ranch style home with an RV in the driveway. Peaceful a sweet until a white Suburban pulls up out of nowhere and drives up onto the grass. INT. ORVAL ANDERSON’S HOME - SAME Orval and his wife HELEN sit in matching easy-loungers watching “Deal or No Deal.” Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 195) dialog: A-ha! Helen! Helen Anderson! I know you're in there. Where’s Orval? A beat, and then the front door slowly creaks open.
0) 198) dialog: Cut the shit, Helen. Where’s Orval? Helen cannot BELIEVE what is going on in her own home.
0) 200) dialog: I‘1l wait. Laura looks around: Hummel Figurines, a painting of a crying bald eagle hovering over the Twin Towers on 9/11, picture of a few of Orval and Helen’s fugly-ass children. We just know what Laura is thinking: these people are disgusting.
0) 206) dialog: Maybe you can go check on Orval. (shouting) Or-val! Helen looks toward the basement door. She doesn’t know wh to hate more at this moment; Laura or Orval. Until she hears SQUEALING TIRES from outside. Orval has taken off in his Explorer. Laura jumps up.
0) 207) dialog: That little- (BEAT) You tell Orval this isn’t over. Laura storms out. EXT. ROSIE'S II GENTLEMEN’S LOUNGE — NIGHT A Minivan is parked out front of a busted looking strip club. INT. ROSIE’S II GENTLEMAN’S LOUNGE — SAME A 19-year-old woman works the pole (NOTE: no nudity, please, it’s not that kind of movie) to Lulu’s “To Sir, With Love.” She has a black Betty Page hairdo and tons of tattoos. He dance moves are phoned-in. It’s clear she hates her job, puppies, rainbows, Jesus, you, me and pretty much everything else. This is Tokyo Rose (real name: BROOKE SOSNOWSKI). Brooke slides down the pole and crawls toward the lone ma in the place.. Bob Anderson. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 210) text: 25 MUSIC (Lulu) But how do you thank someone who’s taken you from crayons to perfume... Bob, nervous, smiles back. EXT. HIGHWAY 70 — NIGHT Laura careens her Suburban down the empty highway. She's wreck. The mascara is running and the hair is beat.
0) 211) dialog: (to herself, possessed) They're all against me. They’re trying to make me go crazy on purpose. They’re just jealous. They’re just jealous and they can’t handle it so they have to try and tear me down to make themselves feel better. They look at me and all they see is their own failures. They’re not pretty. They’re not thin. They don’t help the handicapped. So they attack me. Well, if they think that’l1l work against Laura Pickler they’ve got another think coming. Laura puts the pedal to the metal. We watch as the speedometer goes from 60 to 90. INT. ROSIE’S II GENTLEMEN’S LOUNGE - SAME Brooke is writhing on Bob’s lap, pretending to be sexual.
1) 0) text: The minivan’s windows are all steamed up and it rocks fro side to side. EXT. HIGHWAY 70 — NIGHT Laura flies along. She is not happy. Up ahead she spots Rosie’s II and the family minivan park under an ugly yellow sodium lamp. CLOSE ON: Laura’s face: I. Will. Cut. Off. His. Fucking. Balls. The Suburban, going about 90, SLAMS on its brakes in the middle of the highway LURCHES forward across the median, almost hits an oncomin car, and ZOOMS up on the grass to the
1) 2) dialog: Was I mad that Bob was sleeping with that thing? Don’t be ridiculous. Why would I be mad? Laura SLAMS the Suburban into the side of the minivan. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) I mean, to tell the truth, I was thrilled. Each time that slut put her devil-lips on Bob’s cock was one less time I had to. No, I was just upset that he would jeopardize all we had worked for. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
1) 5) text: 28 The minivan SLIDES a few feet, rocks a bit, and then come to a stop. INT. THE PICKLER FAMILY HOME — LATER Bob sits on the couch with his head down. He holds a BAG ICE on his crotch. Laura stands with her hands crossed.
1) 6) dialog: She had tattoos, Bob. You know what that means, right? It means she has
1) 9) dialog: How long has this been going on? Bob stands up.
1) 11) dialog: You’re sleeping on the couch tonight.
1) 13) dialog: (pulling it back together) If I were you I’d get a good night sleep. County is in a month so we have a lot of work to do.
1) 15) dialog: We have to get the butter, sharpen the trowels. We should check the cooling unit to make sure- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
1) 20) dialog: I know... I am. Bob falls back down on the couch.
1) 22) dialog: I’m competing. I’11 win county, and then take back what is rightfully ours. And you’re going to help me. Good night. Bob looks at her, dead-eyed.
1) 23) dialog: Oh, and I need my beauty rest tonight, so don’t be so goddamn loud when you jack-off. And with that, Laura heads upstairs. EXT. COUNTRY DAY SCHOOL — IOWA CITY — ONE MONTH LATER Ethan pulls up his Volvo into the turnaround of a private school. It’s nice. Not ritzy but definitely nice. We can tell some time has passed because the autumn leave have begun to fall.
2) 0) text: Dinnertime. The family is seated. Laura enters carrying a roast chicken on a tray.
2) 1) dialog: Well Kaitlen, your father and I have great news! Laura sits down and places her napkin on her lap. Kaitlen could give a shit.
2) 2) dialog: As you know, the Mastery in Butter Committee has turned on your father like Judas Iscariot himself, thus barring him from next years competition.
2) 4) dialog: (aside, to Kaitlen) Maybe one day, Kaitlen, you'll be good enough at something so that people will use nefarious means to get you out of the picture, but until that day, I think it’s best you keep your mouth shut. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 7) text: 33 LAURA (CONT’D) Now, our good news is that, instead of your father, I will be competing this year! LAURA expects something a little more than the stares she gets.
2) 12) dialog: (actually heartfelt) I have stood by your father for the last 20 years — watching, learning, absorbing — I was there for every success and every failure. I watched him turn 867 sticks of butter into First Lady Barbara Bush. I was there when, two days before State, the cooler broke and half of Baby Jesus’ face melted off. And I am here now in his darkest hour of need to lift him up and continue our legacy. The DOORBELL RINGS. Bob and Kaitlen kind of just sit ther for a second, freaked out.
2) 13) dialog: I expected outsiders to be skeptical, but my own family? (in tears) If you’ll excuse me. Laura composes herself and heads upstairs. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 55) dialog: You owe me. You owe me big. Never forget that. Her arms are crossed and she seems oddly thrilled. INT. EMMIT HOME — DESTINY'S ROOM — NIGHT Destiny sits at her desk working a piece of yellow play-d into a cow. It’s pretty good.
2) 72) dialog: I am a winner. I will win. I will win this competition. (BEAT) Oh, God what am I doing here? I can’t do this. I have no experience. I’m not an artist. (BEAT) Shut up, Laura. Now you just messed up “The Secret” by even thinking Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 76) dialog: that. Pull it together, you stupid slut. No! Don’t call yourself a slut. Oh, god. (BEAT) I will win. I will win. I will win. Laura centers herself and exits the Suburban. INT. JOHNSON COUNTY MOOSE LODGE — SAME Basically a hallway with a card table set up, but Laura enters like she’s at Buckingham Palace for her coronation A woman who clearly enjoys butter, NANCY FULKES, works th sign-up process.
2) 78) dialog: He is. I’m signing up for myself. Nancy seems shocked. She looks around for anyone, anyone all, to share her disbelief with but they’re alone.
2) 80) dialog: Well, don’t get me wrong, I’m not a feminist or anything like that, but I just worry about what would happen if the title, and all the power that comes with it, were in the hands of someone other than a Pickler. I mean, we all remember what happened with the Miss America Pageant and Vanessa Williams. Nancy seems to agree.
2) 84) text: 40 Laura glances back down at the sign up sheet.
2) 85) dialog: I see I’m the only name so far in Johnson County. What time do we wrap this up?
2) 87) dialog: I’1l wait. Nancy nods, uncomfortable: what’s that supposed to mean? EXT. MOOSE LODGE — PARKING LOT — SAME Ethan and Destiny pull up in the Volvo.
3) 0) text: The clock reads 11:45. Laura is pacing.
3) 1) dialog: Well, looks like it’s just me. I'll help you pack up.
3) 5) text: 42 Laura turns to see Carol Ann Stevenson. The poor thing is wearing a Land 0’ Lakes t-shirt three sizes too small.
3) 7) dialog: She runs up and hugs a disgusted Laura.
3) 9) dialog: How fun.
3) 11) dialog: Right.
3) 19) dialog: Well, that’s that. Three people. Should be a very tough competition but I think a good challenge is healthy for the soul. (BEAT) Is someone smoking? Laura turns to see — Brooke, dressed in her stripper outfit from the night before. She saunters up to the table and removes her sunglasses.
3) 27) dialog: I object. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 32) dialog: Look at what she’s wearing. Nancy furiously flips through the rule-book.
3) 36) dialog: Interesting. Did he buy 600 blow-jobs on credit? Brooke looks at her, impressed: I didn’t know you had it you.
3) 38) dialog: Shh. We’re in a moose lodge. (BEAT) Bob is my husband. He cares about me. We built a life together. I bore his children
3) 40) dialog: Do you honestly think you're anything more than a cheap lay to him? And do you think you were the first? (laughing) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 43) text: 45 LAURA (CONT’D) You're just another in a long string of whores. Brooke is stunned. We can understand that maybe she’s actually developed feelings for Bob. And then Laura goes for the kill. LAURA (CONT’D) He’1l fuck you a couple more times and then he’1l get bored. And after that he’1l come right back where he belongs: in my house, on my sofa. Brooke sucks it up.
3) 45) dialog: Absolutely.
3) 48) dialog: I want her out. Nancy is nervous. Carol Ann is in full support of Laura.
3) 53) dialog: This will go over very badly with the Land O’ Lakes people. Trust me. I’ve been around a long time and these corporate brass types do not stand for that kind of behavior. I mean, they could disqualify all of Johnson Country just on her outfit alone.
3) 57) dialog: (through gritted teeth) Get out. Carol Ann gets up and runs out. INT. HY-VEE GROCERY STORE — DAY Laura, in high heels, pushes a shopping cart filled entirely with BUTTER. She gets a few strange looks.
3) 58) dialog: It’s really sad that some people have nothing better to do with their time than to try and drag down others. Laura smiles to the CHECK-OUT GIRL. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 61) text: 47 INT. PICKLER FAMILY HOME — BASEMENT — LATER Laura, inside their in-home butter cooler, molds cold butter in her hands. She wears goggles and an apron.
3) 62) dialog: Especially people who are simply trying to work hard and spread a little light in this dark world. I mean, look at what they did to that Heather Mills. And to think, that poor thing only has one leg. Imagine what they’1l try to do to those of us who aren’t retarded. Laura studies a 70’s-looking book titled “You Too Can Be Artist!” She stares at her hunk of butter, focused. INT. CORAL RIDGE EPISCOPAL CHURCH — LATER Laura kneels during a church service, praying. She wears large straw hat. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) But as a Christian my heart goes out to those people. I just hope they realize that all the time they spent attacking others would have been better improving their overweight, amateurish, whoring lives. Laura makes the SIGN OF THE CROSS and sits back down in t pew. EXT. JOHNSON COUNTY MOOSE LODGE — DAY Nancy pulls up her Taurus to the front of the Moose Lodge Laura is already there, holding a box of SUPPLIES, pacing Nancy looks to her watch. Laura is WAY early.
3) 66) text: 48 INT. JOHNSON COUNTY MOOSE LODGE — SAME A room, about the size of a small high school gym. Four identical glass walled COOLERS have been placed in the room, each containing giant, identical HUNKS OF BUTTER. Taped to the glass of each cooler is a homemade sign: ‘Laura,’ ‘Carol Ann,’ ‘Destiny,’ and ‘Brooke.’ INSERT TITLE CARD — THREE DAYS UNTIL ‘TROWELS DOWN’ CAROL ANN — stares at the massive hunk of butter. She’s trying so har to be an artist but it’s just not coming. She makes a CUT pauses, then stops: this is hard! She sits down on the floor and eats a Twinkie. DESTINY — is carving away. She’s cut the top half of the hunk off a placed it on its side. We can barely make it out at this stage, but it looks like it’s going to be a TRAIN. BROOKE'S COOLER — is empty. She probably forgot. LAURA'S COOLER — Laura stares at the hunk of butter, determined. LATER — CAROL ANN — has made a few cuts. She seems proud and honestly, we hav no idea why since her hunk of butter now looks like a mangled hunk of butter. DESTINY — is trucking away. Her TRAIN is really starting to materialize now. It has three cars, and she’s even manage to capture the smoke from the engine’s smokestack. As she works on the second hunk of butter, she looks up — Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 70) dialog: arms folded, STARES at Destiny from outside. It’s chillin DESTINY — catches Laura staring at her and smiles. Laura looks at her, cold and unflinching, and then walks away. INSERT TITLE CARD — TWO DAYS UNTIL ‘TROWELS DOWN’ MAIN ROOM — Along with the four coolers, about 20 or so VISITORS have come to check out the progress. Ethan and Jill are there, and wave to Destiny.
3) 75) text: 50 CAROL ANN — exasperated, gets up, pops open a Diet Snapple, and walks over to LAURA’S COOLER — Laura’s moving along nicely. We can see she’s completed a few FIGURES, SEATED IN CHAIRS. As much as we hate to admi it. She’s doing a great job. Carol Ann raps on the glass. Laura opens the cooler door.
3) 76) dialog: Carol Ann.
3) 78) dialog: How’s the girl’s look? What’s her name? Tuniesha?
3) 80) dialog: Oh, that’s right. Pretty name. I mean, she’s only 12. I wish her luck.
3) 85) dialog: So she decided to play the race card? Figures. I suppose if you can’t compete on talent alone...
3) 86) dialog: (to Carol Ann) Well, good for her.
3) 94) text: The crowd cheers. DESTINY — Still working, puts her tools down. CAROL ANN — is already sitting on the floor reading Cat Fancy. LAURA — steps out of her cooler. She’s a vision again, barely worked up a sweat. (We don’t see her completed piece yet. BROOKE — is long gone.
3) 99) text: The parking lot is packed. This is a BIG DEAL for Johnson County. INT. MOOSE LODGE — SAME A crowd mills about behind the now roped-off coolers. Eac contestant stands in front of their respective sculpture. Laura across from Destiny; Carol Ann across from Brooke. We can now see Laura’s sculpture: a happy family, seated a_dinner table, praying. And you know what, it’s also AMAZING. Way better than anyone else’s. Laura has got this locked up. Laura catches Destiny’s eye and smiles. Destiny ignores her. She’s all steel nerves. LATER — Nancy taps on a MICROPHONE and stands on a milk crate.
3) 103) text: The crowd cheers. Laura looks at Helen and smiles sweetly I hate you.
3) 112) text: 55 BROOKE (CONT’D) I have lived a life of sin. But recently I realized that all the men, all the lap dances, all the money - it was merely a replacement for the love I never received from my abusive father. I went from man to man to man, always looking, always searching. And one day, after I was nearly beaten to death by a customer, who, incidentally, I have reason to believe was Muslim, I stumbled into another house, a big welcoming house, and met another man. (dramatic, leaning into microphone) And that man was Jesus Christ. The crowd nods, especially the judges. They’re touched. Brooke stares down Laura: I told you it was on, hussy.
3) 141) text: CLOSE ON LAURA — She’s toast and she knows it. Laura is shaken.
3) 143) dialog: (nervous and horrible) Family. When I think about butter I think of family. Why? Because like the thread of a grandmother’s quilt, butter is the centerpiece of the family dinner and family in turn, is the thread that holds our great country together. Without butter, there is no family, and without family, there is no United states of America. Thank you. A few polite claps. Laura, mortified, walks back to her spot.
3) 145) dialog: I was terrible. Laura is fuming. Nancy returns to the milk crate.
3) 151) dialog: (possessed) It’s never in someone else’s hands. And then —
3) 152) dialog: (loud) Excuse me — Laura stands up before the panel of judges. She knows thi is her last stand and Laura Pickler is not going down without a fight. She walks over to the milk crate.
3) 153) dialog: I'd like to say a few more words if I may? The judges look to each other then give her the go-ahead.
3) 154) dialog: you know, this really hard. And then she begins to cry. We don't quite know if its heartfelt cry or an ‘I’m going to lose’ cry- LAURA (CONT’D) Before you cast what may be the most important vote of your lifetime, I’d like to remind you what this contest is about. It is about ‘excellence in butter.’ And from what I’ve seen in recent days, my faith in this panel’s commitment to excellence has been challenged. Unless I’m mistaken some people seem to think this competition is about who is the most disadvantaged, who’s had the hardest life. Who’s had to overcome the most to get here. The judges and the crowd seem skeptical. LAURA (CONT’D)) You know, this is exactly why I stopped watching my American Idol. Every year the best singer gets up there and every year she gets knocked down by some ghetto queen with a baby and mug shot. Well I’m sorry that I was born white and tall and Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 158) dialog: pretty. I’m sorry I don’t sit in front of the TV all day inhaling pork rinds and soiling myself. Laura glances over to Carol Ann who chows down on a bag o Funyons. LAURA (CONT‘D) And I am sorry that I didn’t spend 15 years of my life sucking every cock that flew in front of my face, only to throw on a cheap church dress and claim to find God. Laura looks to Brooke. The crowd is stunned. LAURA (CONT’D) And I’m sorry my ancestors weren’t running around naked in a field of cotton singing Amazing Grace. Laura looks to Destiny.
3) 159) dialog: And I guess I’m most sorry I spent all my life working hard and doing the right thing. Because that’s what I thought this competition was about. And I just hope when you vote, you remember that. Laura steps down. And guess what? She’s got them back. A few people in the crowd are not having it, but for the most part, folks are nodding their heads, especially the judges. She looks to Brooke and Destiny: now who’s on top LATER — The crowd mills about, enjoying their donut holes and congratulating Laura on her impending win. Nancy enters and pulls Laura aside.
3) 161) dialog: Of course. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 162) text: 61 INT. WOMEN'S RESTROOM — SAME Nancy and Laura talk.
3) 164) dialog: - there are concerns?
3) 166) dialog: And you defended me, right?
3) 168) dialog: I assume they showed you proof? Where is it? I want to see it.
3) 170) dialog: It was that Miss Dairy heifer, wasn’t it? Or that Helen. You know she has a history of lying, don’t you?
3) 173) dialog: The work is mine. And unless they can prove otherwise, I suggest you march right back in there and tell them to vote for the best. You know Ned Eaton will be representing Winnebago County again, don’t you? Who do you think will be strongest up against him? The stripper or Little Miss ‘I don’t know nothin’’bout birthin’ no babies?’ Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 177) dialog: I’m the best and if I don’t win I will go to The Register and expose this panel like there’s no tomorrow. Do you think you can handle a media shit-storm, Nancy? Nancy holds her tongue.
3) 191) text: She looks to Bob, then Nancy, then Helen — all the people that have forsaken her as they rush to congratulate Desti - leaving Laura alone with just her pained, pained smile. INT. COUNTRY DAY SCHOOL — DAY Destiny walks down the hall, this time wearing a uniform just like everyone else. Everyone congratulates her as sh passes.
3) 194) dialog: Fuck that little nigger bitch!
3) 197) dialog: No. She’s right, I shouldn’t say that. (BEAT)
3) 201) dialog: You know, Nancy approached me during break and expressed a concern that perhaps Destiny did not carve that all on her own. And, of course, I defended her. I’m starting to regret my kindness.
3) 203) dialog: And where will you live? How will you pay your bills. It’s not like you’re getting into any college with your grades.
3) 207) dialog: With your body? Well, I wish you luck. Laura pulls into the driveway and stops the car. Kaitlen, mess of anger and tears, runs out.
3) 213) text: 66 INT. PICKLER HOME — MASTER BEDROOM — THE NEXT DAY Laura sits in front of the computer, wearing a saucy red dress.
3) 214) dialog: (intense) I am a winner. She stares at the screen then types something. INSERT — the YouTube homepage. Laura finds something (we don’t see it) and seems pleased
4) 0) text: Laura leaves, but instead of getting into her Suburban, chooses the Minivan. INT. THE EMMIT HOUSE — LATER A CAKE - It’s white with blue icing that reads ‘Congratulations Destiny!’ Two SPARKLERS are stuck in the icing and light up the dining room. Ethan pours everyone a glass of sparkling apple juice and toasts.
4) 16) dialog: Boyd! Boyd removes his cap. He’s thrilled to see his old flame.
4) 18) dialog: Bob wrecked our minivan.
4) 20) dialog: He slammed into something he shouldn’t have slammed into.
4) 25) dialog: That would be excellent.
4) 27) dialog: Oh, and how is your wife?
4) 29) dialog: How nice. Laura smiles. That’s all she needs.
6) 0) text: The place is quiet. Laura’s Suburban pulls up. INT. BOLTON FORD — LATER We track through the dark and empty showroom. Past that, see a LIGHT on in a back office. And then we hear SEX MOANS. Instead of heading down the hall, we slowly focus in on a LIFESIZE CARDBOARD CUT-OUT of BOYD that reads “Bolton Ford: We’re all about the service.” The moans continue. INT. THE PICKLER FAMILY HOME — KAITLEN’S ROOM - LATER CLOSE ON KAITLEN’S face. He’s got major ‘0’ face. Brooke lifts her head up.
6) 32) dialog: This could get out. The Register will have a field day.
6) 35) text: Laura smiles, calmly.
6) 36) dialog: Well, we just don’t know what kind of thoughts you might be putting into her head.
6) 38) dialog: I mean she could be using her win here at county to infiltrate state with some sort of anti-butter protest. (to Martin Caswell) And with the media there and everything, I’d say that’s a huge risk for the Land O’ Lakes brand. Martin nods. Bob lowers his head, he’s so embarrassed to a part of this. Ethan and Jill are livid.
6) 66) dialog: (to Destiny) Denounce means ‘reject.’
6) 75) dialog: Boyd? Can you come in here, please? Boyd Bolton enters and removes his hat. Everyone kind of looks around: what?
6) 76) dialog: Boyd. Tell everyone what you told me. Boyd looks around. He seems nervous.
6) 81) dialog: Well. I think that speaks for itself.
6) 95) text: 81 Laura stands up.
6) 96) dialog: May I make a suggestion? The judges give her the go ahead. Jill and Ethan are abou to rip her head off.
6) 97) dialog: As it’s clear that Destiny’s win is in question, I think the only fair solution would be to have a rematch. Me vs. Destiny. This Saturday. Right here at the Moose lodge. Jill stands up.
6) 109) dialog: Boyd.
6) 111) dialog: And?
6) 113) dialog: Thank you for your help, Boyd.
6) 117) text: 83 BOYD (CONT’D) Laura? Laura? I need to see you. Boyd’s got it bad. INT. VOLVO — NIGHT Jill drives, with Ethan in the passenger seat. Destiny is in the back.
6) 131) dialog: Then I‘11 do an understructure. I’m not afraid of hard work.
6) 133) dialog: An artist? Thomas Kinkaide is an artist. Celine Dion is an artist. You carve butter, Bob.
6) 135) dialog: That's why I have a back-up plan. Bob looks at her: what’s that’s supposed to mean? INT. THE EMMIT HOME — LIVING ROOM — SAME Destiny stands in front of the TV, as if she’s about to give a presentation. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 210) text: 93 INT. MOOSE LODGE — SAME Two coolers face each other. Each with identical slabs of butter. They’re roped off which is a good thing because t room is filled with ONLOOKERS. Destiny, holding the KNIFE SET Brooke bestowed upon her, faces Laura. Laura tries to psych her out with one of her patented smiles, but Destiny is not having it: she’s soli Nancy stands on a crate between then and BLOWS A WHISTLE: It’s on. DESTINY'S COOLER — Destiny unfolds the velvet knife set on the floor. She looks up and spots Brooke, who smiles. Destiny pulls out the longest, shiniest knife and holds i in the light. LAURA’S COOLER — Laura flips through a yellow legal pad filled with detail notes. She seems confused, then she spots Destiny’s shiny knife: shit! CROWD — Even more onlookers file in. From this POV, we can see Destiny has already begun carving her piece. We can’t tel what it is yet. Laura is still frantically flipping through her papers. LATER — Even more people have come to check out the competition. DESTINY’S COOLER — Her piece is moving along. We can make out a figure.. tha about it. LAURA’S COOLER — Laura is moving along too. It kind of looks like a car. Maybe a convertible. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 225) text: 96 The crowd cheers. Destiny, worked up into an artistic frenzy, drops her knife. She’s done. And she’s done it — it’s amazing. DESTINY’S FINAL SCULPTURE - Is simple but lovely. Like Davinci’s Madonna with Child painting, her piece is a_ new mother cradling her baby. Despite the simple image, the detail is intense. The robe the eyes, the child’s tiny fingers — it’s like nothing th crowd has ever seen. MAIN HALL — The crowd, almost simultaneously, whips their head over t LAURA’S FINAL SCULPTURE — Jackie 0. crawling to the back of the presidential limo, while her husband's head is partially blown off. (from th Zapruder Film) It’s well done, but completely tasteless.
6) 226) text: MAIN HALL — The crowd stares at her sculpture — speechless. Laura, wearing a knock-off pink Chanel suit and a pill-box hat, soon sours — it hits her: They hate it. ON NANCY — She taps into the microphone.
6) 241) text: The crowd is so offended there are no words. Jill apologetically escorts Ethan out of the Main Hall. He nee a time out. WOMEN’S RESTROOM — Laura stares in the mirror, fixing her hair. If it weren’ Laura, we'd think maybe she was a bit nervous. And then, Destiny enters. Laura eyes her through the mirror.
6) 246) text: 99 Destiny reaches out her hand. Laura rebuffs her handshake and continues fixing her hair.
6) 247) dialog: You know this is all I have. Destiny doesn’t know what to say.
6) 248) dialog: You're young. You have your whole life ahead of you. You can do anything. You won’t understand but this is it for me. This is all I have. Laura, realizes she’s let her guard down, immediately pul it back together and leaves.
6) 249) dialog: I hope you’re happy with yourself. Destiny seems shaken.
6) 256) text: 100 ORVAL (CONT’D) And the second time this morning. When I laid my eyes upon a work so tragic, so touching, that it became not just butter carving, but butter art. Laura BEAMS.
6) 260) dialog: Someone once told me a story about a man who, at the old age of 65, found Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 264) dialog: himself depressed and penniless. Destiny and Laura hug. Laura won’t let go. EXT. PICKLER HOME — DRIVEWAY A U-HAUL sits in the driveway. Bob hands a STACK OF PAPER to Laura. He won’t look her in the eye. Carol Ann Stevens waits in the passenger seat of the U-Haul, uncomfortable. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) But he was an excellent chef. He went from restaurant to restaurant pedaling his recipes, hoping to split the profits. He was rejected not once, not twice, but a thousand and eight times. Laura signs her name on the last paper and hands it to Bo INT. ROSIES II STRIP CLUB — SAME Kaitlen, with short, spiky hair, sits in the back of the club watching Brooke do her act. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) The old man’s family no longer supported him. A MAN puts a dollar in Brooke’s g-string.
6) 270) dialog: But not this man. This man finally sold his recipe to the one thousand and ninth restaurant he visited - his secret recipe. The Kids are hanging off every word of her story. INT. COMMUNITY POOL — DAY The five kids with special needs, wearing CAMP BUTTER SWIMMING CAPS, swim the backstroke. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) And we know that old man today... as Colonel Sanders of the world famous Kentucky Fried Chicken. So my point is, that I suppose it is okay to lose every once in a while. Laura cheers on the Camp Butter kids as they race against each other. INT. KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN — LATER Laura, dining with the kids from Camp Butter, eats a drumstick. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 274) dialog: And I have one person to thank for teaching me that - Laura wipes fried chicken from her mouth with a wet-nap. LAURA (V.O., CONT’D) - Destiny. Pleased, she rounds up the kids and exits, a new woman. EXT. IOWA CORN FIELD — DAY Destiny rides her bike past another vast cornfield.