0) 18) text: The ambulance pulls away leaving Destiny all alone in the middle of the night, at some weird house, in some weird town. OPENING TITLES — Butter: Pickler Vs. Destiny Over the credits: GIANT IMAGINARY BUTTER SCULPTURES rise out of the cornfields like the statues at Easter Island - Johnny Appleseed, Paul Bunyon, The Liberty Bell, Celine Dion, Nancy Reagan, etc. INT. IOWA STATE DEPT. OF HUMAN SERVICE — CHILDREN’S TRANSITIONARY HOME — NIGHT A cinderblock building. Destiny enters. In the background we see the same government car with the STATE SEAL pull away. A WOMAN works the reception desk. Without looking up, she hands Destiny a key.
2) 77) dialog: Laura? I thought Bob was judging State this year? Picking up a pencil.
2) 79) dialog: Are you sure? You have big shoes to fill, following your husband like that. CLOSE ON — Laura signs her name in perfect penmanship.
2) 81) dialog: Well, I guess I see your point. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 86) dialog: Official rules state I need to be here ‘til noon. Laura looks to the clock. 11:18.
3) 2) dialog: I really do need to wait until — Oh, look. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 15) dialog: Well isn’t that just precious. Destiny grabs the clipboard and signs her name. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 21) dialog: (mortified) Can I help you?
3) 23) dialog: For the Johnson County Mastery in Butter Sculpture Competition? Brooke laughs out loud.
3) 25) dialog: Have you worked with butter before?
3) 31) dialog: Well, I, um, she’s here on time and the rules say anyone can enter.
3) 33) dialog: (nervous ) I don’t see anything about that in here. Brooke takes Laura aside.
3) 49) dialog: Well, I- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 55) dialog: I’m sorry, but we can’t disqualify someone on the basis of — whatever that was. You’1ll just have to beat her fair and square. Carol Ann looks to Laura. Her teacup is shaking.
3) 56) dialog: I’ll see you ladies at orientation. Nancy exits. There’s a slight pause. Carol Ann doesn’t kn what to say or do.
3) 63) dialog: (to herself) Jesus, Laura. Nancy takes a deep breath. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 91) dialog: Contestants - Nancy looks at her STOPWATCH.
3) 92) dialog: Five. Four. Three. Two. One. TROWELS
3) 99) text: The parking lot is packed. This is a BIG DEAL for Johnson County. INT. MOOSE LODGE — SAME A crowd mills about behind the now roped-off coolers. Eac contestant stands in front of their respective sculpture. Laura across from Destiny; Carol Ann across from Brooke. We can now see Laura’s sculpture: a happy family, seated a_dinner table, praying. And you know what, it’s also AMAZING. Way better than anyone else’s. Laura has got this locked up. Laura catches Destiny’s eye and smiles. Destiny ignores her. She’s all steel nerves. LATER — Nancy taps on a MICROPHONE and stands on a milk crate.
3) 100) dialog: Ladies and Gentleman, welcome to the Johnson County Run-Off of the State Mastery in Butter Competition. The crowd CLAPS. Ethan and Jill, as well as some other students and faculty from Country Day are there to suppor Destiny.
3) 101) dialog: I'd like to introduce our esteemed panel of judges. From left to right, Betsy Lou Holt, our reigning Miss Dairy. More claps. BETSY LOU HOLT smiles. She's pretty and clear likes her dairy. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 54
3) 102) dialog: Next we have the Mayor of Iowa City, Bill Olberweis. And finally, wife of State Head Judge Orval Anderson, Mrs- Helen Anderson!
3) 104) dialog: Now, we’re going to let each contestant say a few words about their work before the judges begin deliberating. We’ll go in order, left to right. Carol Ann Stevenson? Claps. Carol Ann, a nervous wreck, steps up onto the milk crate.
3) 107) dialog: Thank you, Carol Ann. (BEAT, disdainful) Brooke? Brooke walks up to the microphone. Instead of being dress like her usual skank, she's all cleaned up, wearing a pretty, modest Laura Ashley dress, a nice shawl and dewy make-up. She looks right at Laura.
3) 115) dialog: Well thank you, Brooke. That was very inspirational. Destiny? Now Destiny takes the podium and pulls out a few rumpled note cards. She’s really shy and nervous, but the crowd sees that’s she’s only 12 and lets out a big adorable sig Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 142) dialog: And last, but certainly not least, Laura Pickler! Laura, come on up. Laura is caught off guard, but stumbles up to the milk crate. It does not look good for her now.
3) 146) dialog: Thank you, all four of you. We have coffee and donut holes in the back for everyone while the judges deliberate. Thank you.
3) 160) dialog: Can I speak with you privately?
3) 162) text: 61 INT. WOMEN'S RESTROOM — SAME Nancy and Laura talk.
3) 165) dialog: Yes. Some of the judges are of the opinion that perhaps your work is not entirely your own.
3) 167) dialog: Well, I — I’m impartial —
3) 169) dialog: Well, it was just a sense that some of them-
3) 171) dialog: No, I wasn’t aware of that. Laura moves closer to Nancy.
3) 176) text: 62 Nancy sighs.
3) 178) dialog: I’1l see what I can do. Nancy exits. Laura paces. INT. MOOSE LODGE — MAIN HALL — LATER The donut holes are all gone. Nancy approaches the microphone with the Judges behind he She seems unduly nervous for an event such as this.
3) 179) dialog: If I may have your attention. We have a decision. It’s almost like she’s reading a verdict. The crowd gathe ‘round. Laura puts on her best fake-smile. NANCY (CONT’D) (looking at a note card) In fourth place, we have Carol Ann Stevenson! Polite claps, but Carol Ann is over the moon!
3) 181) dialog: Congrats Carol Ann. (sour) And in third place, we have Brooke Sosnowski. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 184) text: 63 Brooke walks up and snatches her ribbon from Nancy's hand No one really claps, but some people feel sorry for her. NANCY (CONT’D) We hope you continue on your path towards righteousness.
3) 187) dialog: Now, if we could have Laura Pickler and Destiny come on up here. Both walk up. Nancy holds one blue and one red ribbon in her hand. NANCY (CONT’D) Representing Johnson County in the Iowa State Fair Mastery in Butter Competition this year will be — Laura STARES at Nancy.
3) 188) dialog: Destiny! The crowd cheers! SLOW MOTION; LAURA’S P.O.V.: Nancy pins the BLUE RIBBON o Destiny’s shirt. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 191) text: She looks to Bob, then Nancy, then Helen — all the people that have forsaken her as they rush to congratulate Desti - leaving Laura alone with just her pained, pained smile. INT. COUNTRY DAY SCHOOL — DAY Destiny walks down the hall, this time wearing a uniform just like everyone else. Everyone congratulates her as sh passes.
6) 25) dialog: Destiny. Come in. Have a seat. Destiny sits down.
6) 27) dialog: This is Martin Caswell- (then, nervous) -from Land O’ Lakes. Laura stands up. She slides over a LAPTOP COMPUTER and presses a button... INSERT: the PETA YouTube clip (the URL Laura ‘allegedly’ spray painted on their garage door.)
6) 30) dialog: Well, obviously this is an issue for Destiny. Ethan looks to Jill, incredulous.
6) 210) text: 93 INT. MOOSE LODGE — SAME Two coolers face each other. Each with identical slabs of butter. They’re roped off which is a good thing because t room is filled with ONLOOKERS. Destiny, holding the KNIFE SET Brooke bestowed upon her, faces Laura. Laura tries to psych her out with one of her patented smiles, but Destiny is not having it: she’s soli Nancy stands on a crate between then and BLOWS A WHISTLE: It’s on. DESTINY'S COOLER — Destiny unfolds the velvet knife set on the floor. She looks up and spots Brooke, who smiles. Destiny pulls out the longest, shiniest knife and holds i in the light. LAURA’S COOLER — Laura flips through a yellow legal pad filled with detail notes. She seems confused, then she spots Destiny’s shiny knife: shit! CROWD — Even more onlookers file in. From this POV, we can see Destiny has already begun carving her piece. We can’t tel what it is yet. Laura is still frantically flipping through her papers. LATER — Even more people have come to check out the competition. DESTINY’S COOLER — Her piece is moving along. We can make out a figure.. tha about it. LAURA’S COOLER — Laura is moving along too. It kind of looks like a car. Maybe a convertible. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 222) dialog: Three. Two. One. Trowels down! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 226) text: MAIN HALL — The crowd stares at her sculpture — speechless. Laura, wearing a knock-off pink Chanel suit and a pill-box hat, soon sours — it hits her: They hate it. ON NANCY — She taps into the microphone.
6) 227) dialog: Thank you for coming. Please come back tomorrow morning after church where the judges will be viewing these two - (looks to Laura’s) - interesting pieces for the first time and will announce the winner of the Johnson County Mastery in Butter competition! (BEAT) Again. As the crowd files out, we close in on Laura, standing there, next to her fucked-up sculpture in her stupid outfit, clutching her cheap purse - watching all her plan slip away.
6) 231) text: 97 EXT. MOOSE LODGE — NIGHT The place is dead. A JANITOR exits and locks the door behind him. He drives away. INT MOOSE LODGE — NIGHT It’s dark, illuminated only by a few Exit signs. The FRONT DOOR jiggles a bit. Then a bit HARDER. Finally, it FLIES open. We see a FIGURE. Then FOOTSTEPS. Then the door to Destiny’s cooler CREAKS OPEN. And then, from outside the cooler, all we see is the HOT, BLUE FLAME from a créme brulee torch light up Destiny’s butter art. CLOSE ON the face of the child in Destiny’s sculpture as SLOWLY MELTS AWAY. The flame EXTINGUISHES. INT. MOOSE HALL — MAIN ROOM — THE NEXT DAY INSERT TITLE CARD - “FINAL JUDGING” Destiny enters the hall with Ethan and Jill, dressed in their Sunday best. Up ahead, they spot a crowd, including Hayden, gathered around her piece. Hayden looks to her, distraught. Destiny walks closer, and sees her sculpture in the full light of day: the Mother is in tact, but the baby’s face completely melted off. It’s ruined. Ethan races up to Nancy.
6) 233) dialog: We don’t know. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 98
6) 237) dialog: The judges have already begin their deliberations. The rules indicate that no further adjustments can be made once deliberation commences. The judges mill about the coolers. No telling what they’r thinking.
6) 239) dialog: My name is Nancy and those are the rules.
6) 251) dialog: May I have your attention, please? The judges have reached a decision. And in the distance, we see Laura, holding Bob’s hand, ma her way up front. Her hair is perfection, her make-up is flawless and she is ready to accept her crown.
6) 252) dialog: Orval? Orval (the head judge) steps up onto the milk crate.