0) 73) dialog: -and so Helen handed me the casserole and I took one bite and said ‘honey, I’m sorry, but I can believe it’s not butter.’ The crowd goes wild.
0) 74) dialog: But enough about me. Bob? Bob Pickler...? Stand up for us. Bob, in jeans and a t-shirt, stands. And then there’s Laura: in a glamorous pink evening gown that would make Alexis Carrington jealous. She stands and waves, apropos of nothing. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 78) dialog: Bob, when the Governor called me and asked what we could add to the upcoming Bicentennial Time Capsule I knew exactly what to do. Lower the lights, please. The lights lower and a crappy, homemade iMovie swirls on- screen. INSERT MOVIE: a BUTTER FAN talks to the camera. He holds meat-on-a-stick in his hand.
0) 109) dialog: Bob Pickler, ladies and gentlemen. 20 great years! Bob and Laura stand. And as the cameras flash we see this is where Laura shine she’s poised, confident, and absolutely stunning. She is the Queen of Butter and cherishes all the respect and adulation it affords. INT. EMMIT FAMILY HOME — NIGHT It’s dark, but nightlights line the hall. Destiny, in her pajamas, walks to
0) 116) dialog: Listen. The panel’s been doing some talking and you've had a great run.
0) 118) dialog: Twenty years. You’re a legend. You've been in Parade Magazine. You’re the Oprah of butter. But we just sort of feel that maybe it’s time to give someone else a shot, you know.
0) 120) dialog: Look, we're prepared to offer you a spot on the panel. You’1l be a judge. Along with me and Mary Alice and Carl Hudgins.
0) 125) dialog: Great guy. You’ve had a good run, Bob, but now it’s time to start giving back. Like Oprah does.
0) 127) dialog: It’s time, Bob. out of the shock of the moment and comes around.
0) 129) dialog: Absolutely. But you know, I wanted to ask you a delicate question... Laura? GREAT HALL — Laura holds court with some female ADMIRERS.
0) 133) dialog: Will she...? 17
0) 138) dialog: Just ‘cause I know she’s very ‘involved’.
0) 183) dialog: Shit! Tell her I’m not here. MORE BANGING.
0) 185) dialog: It's Laura. Laura Pickler.
0) 187) dialog: Just tell her I’m fishing. LOUDER BANGING.
0) 189) dialog: Tell her I’m at church. No, she’ll hunt me down there.
6) 85) dialog: Mr. Bolton. You swear this is the truth? Boyd, unsure, looks to Laura. She nods for him to say
6) 88) dialog: You are responsible for Destiny’s work?
6) 90) dialog: This Destiny. Right here? Boyd looks to Destiny. It registers that he’s throwing a year old girl under the bus. He looks to Laura. Her look says it all.
6) 92) dialog: I don’t know. Seems fishy. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 253) dialog: In my years judging this competition, I have seen many things. But only twice have I seen true art. The first time was Bob Pickler’s truly brilliant Passion of The Christ with Garth Brooks as Jesus. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 256) text: 100 ORVAL (CONT’D) And the second time this morning. When I laid my eyes upon a work so tragic, so touching, that it became not just butter carving, but butter art. Laura BEAMS.
6) 257) dialog: And to be touched yourself, you merely need to look right here, to the sad, melted face of this unloved child. He points to Destiny’s piece.
6) 258) dialog: Our winner... (looking to Laura) «again, is Destiny Washington! The crowd FLIPS OUT! CHEERS! The crowd swarms our little Destiny, lifting her up in the air, but also.. FROM DESTINY'S P.O.V.: Laura is left all alone. Destiny motions for the crowd to let her down and walks over to Laura. The crowd silences. They’re watching this little girl get into the water with Jaws.