0) 2) dialog: It cost Commander Robert Peary twenty years or unremitting hard- ship and misery to reach the North Pole, finally, in 1909.
0) 5) dialog: It would have astounded Peary to learn that, by the late 1950's and early 60's, the vast, frozen top-of-the-world he pioneered had become a vital highway for world travel and commerce.  Not just in the skies...
0) 8) dialog: ...but also deep under the ice, in the frigid, five-million-square- mile depths of the Arctic Ocean.
0) 13) dialog: Here great passenger and cargo- carrying atomic submarines glided by the dozens, back and forth across the Pole, until a series of mysterious undersea disasters threatened to close the Arctic route forever.
0) 15) dialog: The decisive moment came May 3, at 1315 hours, when the undersea atomic liner, Sturgeon, largest of them all, reached 87 degrees, 10 minutes north latitude - only a few miles from the North Pole it- self!
0) 37) dialog: According to the official reports, the next phase of the life-and- death drama occurred May 10, in Washington --
0) 47) dialog: -- at a hush-hush, super-secret meeting in the Arctic theater war room.
1) 2) dialog: Admiral Terhune, in charge of the Arctic Theater for the Joint Chiefs, well knew the effect the 'leak' of any of the explosive information would have on the world civilian population.  So the Admiral was determined:  There would be no leaks!
11) 5) dialog: The Tiger Shark left her dock at Bremerton at 0335 hours, the morning of May 11, on what was to prove the strangest, most fearful voyage ever made by a submarine, atomic or otherwise.
12) 2) dialog: Simultaneously with the 'Shark's' departure, and with his crew still in the dark concerning their secret, fateful mission, Skipper Wendover made the first notation in the log...
12) 5) dialog: ...The men would remain un-briefed for two hours, until the Tiger Shark cleared Puget Sound and was headed for the open sea...
14) 2) dialog: Shortly before dawn, the Tiger Shark, running submerged at better than thirty knots, had left the Sound behind and was headed for the open sea.
17) 15) dialog: A week later, the Tiger Shark was still running due north at cruising speed.  So far the voyage was routine, uneventful.  But the nearer they came to the Arctic Circle...
17) 26) dialog: On the morning of May 20, the Tiger Shark crossed the Arctic Circle into the critical area...
22) 48) dialog: So - swiftly, implacably, the Tiger Shark moved across the Top of the World towards her rendezvous with...what?
29) 39) dialog: So, the Tiger Shark began relentlessly stalking her space-enemy.  Up to the Pole, back to the Arctic Circle... again, and again...a week... a fortnight, a month....
29) 46) dialog: Never a glimpse of their enemy, but there were reports...new disasters, new ships and lives lost.  Invariably, the Tiger Shark made for the scene, only to arrive after Cyclops had left. For all its desperatian, the pursuit seemed fruitless.
29) 48) dialog: Then, on July 3, Dr. Kent and Sir Ian held an urgent discussion with Reef and the Skipper...
30) 30) dialog: So - a chance of tactics.  Now the Tiger Shark cruised almost over the North Pole, waiting for the radio report that would put the plan into effect... On July 13, at 1600 hours, it came!
32) 18) dialog: Hour upon hour, the Tiger Shark lay in its deep-six ambush... The Arctic depths were as still and silent as an uninhabited world.  Then, at 0600 hours....
53) 18) dialog: Hours later, the two titantic craft were still locked to- gether in an apparent death grip...
53) 21) dialog: (continuing) ...on the bottom of the Arctic Ocean, nearly twelve hundred feet below the surface!
55) 1) dialog: Preparations consumed only an hour.  At 1100, everything was ready for this last, desperate attempt. Now the four men join Carl at the airlock.  Carl is tense, tight-lipped.  Reef frowns, concerned.
83) 3) dialog: Adapt a complicated guidance system to a huge ballistic rocket - convert it to a water-to-air intercept missile?  It was foolish, it was insane, it was fantastic - but it was their only hope - and the earth's only hope!