22) 0) text: .that same expression is plastered on Wesley's face as he pedals. He banks the bike up a curb and into a grocery store parking lot. Across the street, a man watches from behind the wheel of a 171 Chevy Chevelle. In fact, it's Cross, the man we last saw assassinating Mr. X on the rooftop. He watches Wesley park the bike and move into the store.
24) 0) text: ...and ends up going the wrong way down a narrow one-way street! He now has to weave in and out of cars headed right for them, as Cross stays tight on their ass. Horns are BLARING in his face, but Wesley somehow keeps the. Ferrari on all four tires as he bobs in'and out of the paths of oncoming cars. A 4 X 4 Chevy Pickup is headed like a missile right at them... Wesley's eyes go wide.
30) 0) text: The CAMERA moves across an expansive lawn...
37) 2) text: But recently, a fallen angel, one of our own, has challenged that power. The screens in the room come to life with the face of Cross.
58) 0) text: Sloan sits across from Wesley at a skinny table in an otherwise bare room.
59) 0) text: Wesley lies on Fox's couch, trying his damndest not to peek at her through her bedroom door. It's cracked just enough that he can see her draping a towel around her body as she heads to take a shower. Wesley site up and looks at the binder sitting on the table. Slowly he opens it and sees a picture of Cross staring back at him. The man who took Wesley's father from him. Wesley studies the face, wanting to know every detail.
73) 0) text: The Porsche once again tears across the asphalt, as Wesley drives.
75) 3) dialog: Wesley! This takes Wesley aback...
75) 4) dialog: Look into my eyes! Wesley's finger is starting to squeeze his trigger... as is Cross's.
75) 5) dialog: (growls, in pain) Look into my eyes, goddammit!
75) 11) dialog: (WHISPERS)
75) 12) text: Everything they told you was a lie, Wesley. With that... Cross falls down. His black jacket spills open to show a gun shot wound not just to his shoulder, but to hig n too. one of Wesley's bullets through the train must have found its mark. Cross is bleeding profusely. He gasps a couple of times... then, with his last bit of energy...
75) 13) dialog: Find the missing piece. And... don't... let them... dispose of the weapon... With that, the life goes out of Cross's eyes. Wesley stares at that face, trying to decipher some meaning there. But Cross just stares blankly back at him, just as Fox comes limping up.
76) 0) text: Wesley walks down the street. PEOPLE instinctively get out of his way as he cuts a path down the sidewalk. Then he pulls out what Cross slipped inside his pocket: a beaten-up copy of COUNT OF ONTE CRISTO. In fact, there's no mistake, it's the same copy he had as a kid. Wesley tries to make sense of this as he opens up the cover... printed on the inside in a steady hand are the words: "I left you something." Wesley lowers the book and sees a cheesy guy park a Harley at a curb. He bee-lines for the guy.
79) 0) text: He pulls the Harley over to a curb and then reaches into his jacket pocket and withdraws the note and the key. Across the street, the address matches: 1850 N. Highbury. The place looks like a concrete fortress... no windows, just a large-iron door in front. Wesley approaches, not sure what the address could mean. He gets to the door, looking for a key-hole, but he doesn't find one. He fidgets there awkwardly for a second, but then... .the door opens, revealing a woman, ANNA. She takes a look at Wesley and then puts a trembling hand over her lips.
80) 36) text: Wesley only has a millisecond to respond,-and he does by kicking over the table, which sends food and utensils flying, but also shields him from Fox's bullets. Just as quickly, Fox leaps up on top of one of the other tables, trying to keep her heels on the sides so that her feet don't touch the hot grill. If she's wounded, we wouldn't know it. Wesley does the same on a nearby table. They take shots at each other as they leap from table to table, avoiding the sizzling centers, but they're both so quick that no bullets find their mark. Then Fox takes a running leap at him, moving ferociously fast. She's like the animal she's named after, and she launches off one of the tables... .and catches Wesley flush, kno in him backwards, a form tackle on to a table... ..where he lands Quare on the oven top... PSSSSBHH... and his guns go flying across the room as... .the table to starts to burn through his clothes!
81) 0) text: Sloan, the Butcher and the Pharmacist walk across the parking lot toward the door of the smoking Bar-b-que joint.
87) 0) text: Anna leads Wesley down some wooden steps into Cross's basement. Sure enough, the entire floor of the basement has been made into a model map, similar to the one that the Fraternity used in the map room, but all the buildings are black, with an occasional red mark. The scale is larger, the model shows only one section of the city, and a BLUE LINE indicates a route through the streets. And on the wall are PICTURES and CLIPPINGS of Henry Helms. Wesley squats over it, trying to figure out what his father's plan was. He sees a missing place for a building and puts Andrew's toy back in place, then studies the map some more.
87) 9) text: This is a Fraternity hit. Cross... my fathar... set up Henry Helms as bait, knowing Sloan would use his best men for the job. He was going to take them all out. Wesley looks at it some more.
98) 24) text: The name is Cross. In the distance, the Helms limo moves on, safely.
99) 14) text: That's what I'd call a real ball ache. For a moment, Wesley stands there, sizing up the situation. His eyes swivel from the Gardener to the Chef to the Pharmacist. Just then, the buildings ound all of them go black., just like in cross's model! Wesley's eyes fall on the on the red corner of the nearest building, a cement block making up a decorative support column in front of it.
100) 0) text: We've seen this place before. It's the same roof where cross took out the second head of The door is kicked open and Wesley walks out, eyes blazing. Sloan is waiting for standing t feet away, holding his father's pearl-handled gun, trained right on Wesley's head.