3) 0) text: A sharply dressed man, MR. X, wearing a dark .Armani suit enters a skyscraper through the lobby. He's a shade taller than most of the office workers who are coming and going.
6) 0) text: .an office fit for a king. Or a queen. Because behind a glass desk sits a beautiful Indian woman dressed traditionally in a serape, with a red bindi on her forehead, the holy third eye. Her name is PUJA. Mr. X sits in the single chair opposite her. After a moment, Puja looks up.
6) 2) dialog: You're an important fence.
6) 12) dialog: We'll see to it that it never makes his mantle.
7) 0) text: Mr. X's momentum carries him from one building to the next, over an alleyway, the wet-concrete shining below. He lands on the...
7) 9) text: C'mon, c'mon, c'mon. He looks out at the stairwell door... and all is quiet. Maybe Mr. X didn't know he was there, maybe he left, maybe the last marksman can sneak away after all.
7) 11) text: Okay... okay... He finally decides... .and takes one step forward... THWAP1!1 A bullet disintegrates his knee. He falls, clutching the knee in agony, as Mr. X walks toward him slowly until he stands right over him like a hunter over his prey. Mr. X's shoe comes down on the final marksman's wrist, pinning it away from his dropped weapon.
7) 12) dialog: (GROWLS)
7) 20) text: We're... we're just the decoys, man. We were paid to get you out here... The marksman points at a small VIDEO CAMERA sitting on the roof, relaying their every move... Mr. X's face falls as.those words register, and just then... RA ROCKETS over thetreets of the city, block after block in the blink of any eye... .until it reaches a rooftop, over a mile away.
8) 0) text: .and two pairs of legs approach the dead body of Mr. X.
22) 0) text: .that same expression is plastered on Wesley's face as he pedals. He banks the bike up a curb and into a grocery store parking lot. Across the street, a man watches from behind the wheel of a 171 Chevy Chevelle. In fact, it's Cross, the man we last saw assassinating Mr. X on the rooftop. He watches Wesley park the bike and move into the store.
55) 0) text: Fox and Wesley step out on to the rooftop where Mr. X was gunned down.