8) 8) dialog: He wants out.
8) 11) dialog: There's one person who can.
27) 0) text: .t where Mr. Sloan stands next to a hucre man, THE BUTCHER, who is slicing beef off of hanging cow ca f es. There are flies buzzing around and blood draining into the center of the floor. If Wesley wasn't nervous before, he is now.
27) 5) dialog: Fox told you about your father? Wesley looks from Sloan to Fox to the Butcher and back to Sloan.
27) 13) dialog: When? They look at him, imploringly, waiting for an answer.
27) 15) dialog: Shoot the wings off the flies.
27) 17) dialog: (GROWLS)
27) 20) dialog: You have three seconds. Three... two... Before he can say one, Wesley reacts... blindly firing the pistol in his hand, indiscriminately, B,AM! BAM! BAM! BAM! CLICK...CLICK...CLICK... until his finger is just jamming on the trigger over and over. After a moment, he looks up, unsure why he isn't dead.
27) 29) dialog: And after we fine tune those skills... His eyes lock on to Wesley's, holding them in a vice-like grip...
27) 30) dialog: .you're going to hunt the man who killed Your father. Wesley is as stunned as we've ever seen him... he blinks a couple of times.
27) 31) dialog: Walk with me. He drapes his arm around Wesley and leads him out the door.
28) 0) text: Sloan and Wesley move down a busy commercial street.
28) 1) dialog: I know thin is hard for you to understand, Wesley, but I want you to concentrate on what I'm saying. Your father was a member of the Fraternity, a collection of the most powerful assassins the world has ever known. They weave against the flow of pedestrians out and about on the city streets. Instinctively, people step out of their way.
28) 8) dialog: We don't advertise Wesley. We blend into the environment like moths against a tree.
29) 1) dialog: We stay in the shadows. .. to the kitchen, where a massive man with a three- headed dog tattoo on his hand, flips burgers. THE CHEF.
30) 1) dialog: We disappear into our surroundings. .until it finds a man with a three-headed dog tattoo on his hand, trimming a hedge. THE GARDENER.
31) 1) dialog: Because the easiest place to hide is in plain sight... .until it finds a GUN SALESMAN holding out a weapon to an Italian customer. He also has the tattoo. He's THE GUNSMITH.
32) 0) text: Sloan is still walking with Wesley. Wesley watches every face that passes them by... any of them could be Fraternity members.
32) 6) dialog: ..until that time when we are called into action.
35) 6) dialog: And when the time comes that we are called, death is as certain as the sun.
36) 0) text: Sloan and Wesley enter a normal looking pharmacy. They pass through the small front room and head directly to the back.
36) 1) dialog: We have been active for centuries, Wesley... outlasting rulers, governments, nations, kings. We recognize no borders; the entire globe is our killing field. They are buzzed through by THE PHARMACIST, and enter...
37) 1) dialog: We are the baddest of the bad, the three- headed dog that guards the gates of hell. We show no mercy, we destroy the weak, we have absolute power. (BEAT)
37) 3) dialog: This man left the Fraternity and decided to strike down those who had befriended him, trained him, made him who he is.
37) 9) dialog: ..a son whose mother died in childbirth... They reach the baby's bed and a pair of strong arms lift up the child. But the CAMERA FINDS the face of the second man...
37) 10) dialog: ..he took the boy to an orphanage so his true identity would never be discovered. .and now we see that the other man is a YOUNG MR. SLOAN.
37) 11) dialog: And I helped him.
37) 14) dialog: Your father was like a brother to me. (BEAT)
37) 15) text: I will do anything to avenge his death.' Sloan turns off the monitors and pulls over a wooden chair from where it rests by a wall.
37) 16) dialog: So Wesley... you have a choice. Would you like to go back to your job, your girlfriend, your life, just as it was before? (BEAT)
37) 17) text: Or would you like to begin your training with an assassin's Fraternity that writes the world's history in blood and bullets? Wesley doesn't know what to say. Sloan moves to a back door .
37) 18) dialog: If the answer is the latter, then have a seat in that chair. (MORE)
37) 24) dialog: (BEAT)
37) 25) text: If not, you're welcome to head out this door here and we'll never see each other again. With that., Sloan leaves through that back door. But...
46) 0) text: Fox and Sloan stand next to a paper target -- the kind of thing you see in a police target range. It shows the outline of a head and torso with concentric rings for where you're supposed to aim. The Gunsmith hoists the corpse of the dead soccer mom on to a hook that hangs ten feet in front of the paper target. Sloan flips a switch and a motor takes the mom and target to the end of the range. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Wesley is with them standing in one of those firearm booths at the opposite end of the range.
46) 1) dialog: Selecting your weapon and then disposing of it is the most pivotal aspect of every assassination. An array of firearms are on a shelf next to Wesley.
46) 2) dialog: Pick one. Wesley eyes all the weaponry. Finally, he settles on a short-barreled black handgun. Sloan takes it from him and inspects it.
46) 3) dialog: Excellent. This is an Imanishi 18. It holds seventeen bullets in the clip and one in the chamber. It's made of a composite material unrecognizable by metal detectors. (MORE)
46) 9) dialog: And the Imanishi's bullets have microchips that communicate with similar ones in the gun.
46) 11) dialog: (NODS)
46) 14) dialog: How'd you do in Physics class?
46) 17) dialog: Why?
46) 19) dialog: That's it. Rules. What if I told you there weren't any? He nods at Wesley, like he's on to something.
46) 20) dialog: People live by the rules set before them. We take them on faith that they are right. But how many times in your life have you thought you had a better way, against-the rules that was simply laughed at.
46) 27) dialog: Because you use your brain differently than other people. All Fraternity members do.
46) 29) dialog: Humans use neurons to think. But most people can only handle a small percentage of those neurons firing at once without suffering a seizure or an aneurism. Not us. And not you. We have the ability to think differently than other people.
46) 31) dialog: That's right. Sloan hands him back the weapon.
46) 32) dialog: Try it. Wesley aims the pistol at the target in front of him. He FIRES... ..and the bullet plugs soccer mom in the shoulder.
46) 33) dialog: Have you ever shot a gun before?
46) 35) dialog: So you have no pre-conceived habits we need to break. Shoot the target. Don't hit mom.
46) 37) dialog: This isn't about "how." It's about "what." If you'd never been told a bullet flies straight and I handed you this and said hit that target... what would you do? Allow your instincts to guide you. Just like the flies. (MORE)
46) 43) dialog: The technology is only here to assist your natural instinct. Wesley lifts the gun, his mind racing...
46) 44) dialog: It's not 'will' that makes the physical react how we wish, it's 'control.' You are in control...
46) 46) dialog: Rules are made to be broken, Wesley. No one was better at that than your father. He had a pair of pearl-handled revolvers with which he could conduct a symphony. L i Wesley nods proudly, and squeezes off some more shots, all chasing through the same hole in the target.
58) 0) text: Sloan sits across from Wesley at a skinny table in an otherwise bare room.
58) 1) dialog: Watch the eyes. Look for a slight swelling of the pupil. You can train your body to stay a constant temperature, you can control your heartbeat, but you can't control the center of your eyes. That's how you know when someone is lying to you. Sloan looks right at him. Wesley narrows his eyes, trying to fend off his stare.
58) 2) dialog: Do you want to fuck Fox?
58) 9) dialog: I know that's a lie without even seeing your eyes.
58) 11) dialog: Okay. What are you hiding from me? Wesley looks down, then focuses on Sloan.
58) 14) dialog: What's this?
58) 16) dialog: Yes?
58) 24) dialog: You put this all together on your own? Wesley taps his head.
58) 27) dialog: Don't know. But whoever has them isn't long for this place. Sloan reaches down and picks up a binder which he drops on the desk.
58) 29) dialog: Cross. The details of his life. q Continue your hunt.
58) 31) dialog: No rules.
60) 0) text: Sloan leads Wesley into a gigantic room lined from floor to ceiling with leather-bound books.
60) 1) dialog: We keep a record of every assassination mission, going back to the Ides of March. Maps, diagrams, logistics, complications, weapons of choice... it's all there. Wesley nods, impressed. Sloan just keeps leading him through a set of double doors, into...
61) 0) text: .a large room, the size of an auditorium. On the floor is a gigantic model of the entire city, built to scale, showing all the buildings, skyscrapers, churches, the waterfront, the city streets. Everything the city has to offer laid out in miniature. Sloan and Wesley stand like giants in the middle of the model city...
61) 2) dialog: Where we plot our local hits. This city is one of the Fraternity's major headquarters.
61) 4) dialog: Part of mastering technology is knowing when to use it. Models can't be hacked. Your father built this room himself. Most of the buildings are white, but interspersed amongst them are a few vainted red. Some of the model street lamps are also red.
62) 0) text: .the s city street, now full-sized, buzzing with activity, pedestrians hurrying to work, cars and taxis and trucks whizzing through the street. Sloan and Wesley walk down the sidewalk, passing streetlight after streetlight until they reach one in particular.
62) 1) dialog: The Fraternity's grasp reaches every facet of the world's major cities, including their construction. Look at this streetlight. Wesley peers at it... there is a plaque affixed to the pole... the standard thing you find on these things... "Municipal C. W. 63070." But then there is something different on this one... a tiny symbol on the bottom of the plaque... the Cerberus instead of the seal of the cit Sloan presses the symbol and the plaque slides aside, revealing a hollow space behind it. He reaches his hand inside and pulls out a small handgun... flips out the clip expertly, then racks the weapon. Wesley can't believe it.
62) 3) dialog: .everywhere.
62) 11) dialog: Keep moving, fellas. They nod and do just that.
62) 12) dialog: They let us do our jobs, we let them live. THE CAMERA PUSHES IN on Wesley's face as he realizes the full scope of this organization and we...
62) 21) dialog: Our job isn't just about how fast or true you shoot, Wesley. Physical agility will always lose to mental agility. It's warfare of the mind. FO 'S APART. Wesley looking at Fox through the bedroom door. SLAUGHTERHOUSE. Wesley working with the Butcher on the art of knife play. MAP ROOM. The Gardener and Fox show Wesley the rooftop of a certain building on the model city, one corner of the roof painted red. ROOFTOP. Fox and the Gardener now with Wesley on that actual rooftop, pointing out firing angles, modes. of ascension, and escape routes. The Gardener moves over to a cornerstone in the roof of the building and then easily lifts it off, revealing a stash of assault rifles. k SHOOTING G . Wesley looking at some ammunition while the Gunsmith talks and demonstrates. He fires at one of the targets, which EXPLODES in a splattered mess and we cut to...
64) 0) text: Sloan fires at the target, the bullets following his every command. Wesley does the same, equally skilled. Fox sits, watching the two of them. Is it becoming competitive? One shoots and then the other follows, neither one ever missing. Finally, Gunsmith runs the target back in to change out the body. Fox leans back, impressed.
64) 2) dialog: Pick the weapon, make the kill, destroy the weapon. No other rules. Wesley nods as Gunsmith returns.
64) 19) dialog: There are limits to everything, Wesley. At some point the body becomes a shield. Wesley pulls his gun and lets loose five rounds, lightning fast. The Gunsmith brings the target back to them... ..a the business man is riddled with es.
65) 10) dialog: He's ready. the los2k on Fox's face becomes more and more and sexual until...
71) 0) text: . a large office with a single desk and a roaring fire. Sloan turns from the fire to greet them. He holds up the "mole" bullet, and smiles.
71) 1) dialog: The mole bullet is made by a midget t Filipino named Pek War. His fingers are so small that they can shape and smooth the metal better than anyone.
71) 3) dialog: I had to let you figure it out for yourself.
71) 5) dialog: Part of your quest. To get to know your father. (BEAT)
71) 12) dialog: Pek War charges exorbitant prices, as much as ten-thousand dollars for a single round, but his craftsmanship is unparalleled. He heads over to Wesley, hands him a slip of paper.
81) 0) text: Sloan, the Butcher and the Pharmacist walk across the parking lot toward the door of the smoking Bar-b-que joint.
82) 0) text: The fire is out, but it has blackened the inside of the joint, so that it looks like an absolute war zone. Fox is in the same position as when Wesley shot her, but there's a sheet of paper folded on her chest. The Butcher and the Pharmacist flank Sloan as he approaches the body, frowning.
82) 10) dialog: He knows.
87) 9) text: This is a Fraternity hit. Cross... my fathar... set up Henry Helms as bait, knowing Sloan would use his best men for the job. He was going to take them all out. Wesley looks at it some more.
98) 0) text: On another tall building, Sloan talks into a radio.
98) 1) dialog: Hold until I give the word. He clicks off the radio and looks into his palm, where- e's holding that pearl handled aun, fingering the dried blood.
98) 12) dialog: (into the radio) Here comes the car. Any minute now. Take your positions. Sloan leans out over the edge of his building, gun ready.
100) 0) text: We've seen this place before. It's the same roof where cross took out the second head of The door is kicked open and Wesley walks out, eyes blazing. Sloan is waiting for standing t feet away, holding his father's pearl-handled gun, trained right on Wesley's head.
100) 1) dialog: Can't say I don't have a sense of irony. The place I first decided to bring you in. Wesley is clutching his wounded shoulder with his wounded hand as blood starts to seep out of it in big red drops.
100) 2) dialog: You once asked why I helped hide you as an infant... It gave me power, Wesley'. Power to become a head of the Fraternity. Power over your father. And ultimately it gave me you: the perfect weapon to kill your father.
100) 4) dialog: In some ways it pains me to do so. You 460 are like the son I never had.
100) 11) dialog: Fine. Keep your worthless dignity. You're still just the same loser we plucked off the street six weeks ago. Wesley continues to bleed, taking this in. Sloan laughs derisively.
100) 12) dialog: You can't win, Wesley. The Fraternity is everywhere. Even if you kill me others will come from other cities to take my place. You'll be hunted your whole life. (BEAT)
100) 22) dialog: (SNARLS)