37) 37) dialog: 'Ah, made your choice, did 'ja, of boy?
37) 40) dialog: Very good, very good. He walks behind Wesley.
37) 41) dialog: The weather's been lovely the last couple o' days-- would you mind putting your hands back here for me? Wesley does, and the Pharmacist binds his hands with some rope.
37) 42) dialog: There, that's it. Very good.
37) 44) dialog: Quite right. The Pharmacist cracks his knuckles and then, WHAM!!! He hits Wesley so hard right in the cheek that it almost knocks him out of the chair.
57) 2) dialog: If you get in the hoo-ha of a two on one and find yourself the one, remember that each foe will likely move at the same steady speed away from each other, allowing you to keep a gun on each.
57) 4) dialog: Now, if you find yourself one ' on three, that poses a real bit a' ball ache...
65) 0) text: Wesley strains against the ropes that bind his hands as The Pharmacist waylays him. But is t' e. Wesley counts out the punches as he takes the shots.
65) 8) text: ..he pulls his arms tight, and his muscles start to twitch and bulge -- muscles we didn't know he had until. now -- and as he continues to take punches, WHAM!, WHAM!, WHAM!!, the rope strains against the wooden chair, and we can HEAR the wooden legs start to pop, until... CRACK!!! Wesley Jerks his arms ee and comes swillcrincr with the broken of leg of the chair. SMASH! SMASH!! The Pharmacist goes down hard and Wesley stands over him, out of control,. furious, SMASH! SMASH!, beating him with that broken chair leg. The CAMERA PUSHES THOUGH one of the walls...
81) 0) text: Sloan, the Butcher and the Pharmacist walk across the parking lot toward the door of the smoking Bar-b-que joint.
82) 0) text: The fire is out, but it has blackened the inside of the joint, so that it looks like an absolute war zone. Fox is in the same position as when Wesley shot her, but there's a sheet of paper folded on her chest. The Butcher and the Pharmacist flank Sloan as he approaches the body, frowning.
98) 13) text: On the hospital roof, the Gunsmith puts down his binoculars and picks up a rifle. The Pharmacist leans over the edge of a building and looks down, high-powered rifle in his hand. On another building, the Chef does the same. And on still another building, the Gardener also gets ready. Each killer is in a different spot and has a gun, pointed and ready, just waiting for the signal...
99) 13) dialog: Three on one, mate. You're out of ammo. And you're in a part of the map with no Fraternity stashes. (LAUGHS)
99) 14) text: That's what I'd call a real ball ache. For a moment, Wesley stands there, sizing up the situation. His eyes swivel from the Gardener to the Chef to the Pharmacist. Just then, the buildings ound all of them go black., just like in cross's model! Wesley's eyes fall on the on the red corner of the nearest building, a cement block making up a decorative support column in front of it.
99) 27) dialog: Bugger.