27) 0) text: .t where Mr. Sloan stands next to a hucre man, THE BUTCHER, who is slicing beef off of hanging cow ca f es. There are flies buzzing around and blood draining into the center of the floor. If Wesley wasn't nervous before, he is now.
27) 3) text: This is Wesley Gibson. He needs his life changed. The Butcher looks him over.
27) 4) dialog: We all end up where we belong, don't we? The Butcher snickers. Sloan speaks up...
42) 0) text: They return to the butcher shop. Sides of beef hang from hooks next to a cutting table. The Butcher is sharpening a knife.
42) 3) dialog: Will do, Fox. The Butcher measures Wesley, then starts to talk in a steady, almost bored voice...
42) 4) dialog: Remember, it's the body we are killing. Know it like a surgeon. Wesley nods, half disgusted, half enthralled.
42) 5) dialog: Okay, we'll start at the beginning. To cut the subclavian artery, hold the knife ice-pick style and thrust down behind the clavicle, cutting side to side. He jabs the blade into the beef... and just as he does...
42) 16) dialog: If you want the jugular, pull your enemy's head to the left and jab your knife well into his sterno-cleio- mastoideus muscle, here, then cut down and left. Just like before, we smash cut to...
81) 0) text: Sloan, the Butcher and the Pharmacist walk across the parking lot toward the door of the smoking Bar-b-que joint.
82) 0) text: The fire is out, but it has blackened the inside of the joint, so that it looks like an absolute war zone. Fox is in the same position as when Wesley shot her, but there's a sheet of paper folded on her chest. The Butcher and the Pharmacist flank Sloan as he approaches the body, frowning.
83) 0) text: Wesley stands in the slaughterhouse, holding two pistols, looking around. The place has been cleaned out. There's no sign of the Butcher.
99) 0) text: Wesley bursts from the stairwell doorway and moves to the front door of the building. He clicks the empty cartridges out of his guns and is about to reload when he hears a sickening sound behind him... The sound of two knife blades being rubbed together... .and Wesley turns to f' the Butcher there waiting for The Butcher quickly hurls a knife, which buries in_the fleshy part of Wesley's shoulder 1 Wesley ignores it and fires... i L
99) 2) dialog: Like I told you... the blade will always live on.
99) 10) dialog: I can't see!