0) 1) dialog: Six weeks ago, I was ordinary and pathetic. His wry smile gives way to... Black. And then...
1) 0) text: The CAMERA STARTS FROM THE CEILING, pointing straight down, overlooking a table of twenty-five people dressed in business casual, pretending to have a good time at lunch in. this cookie-cutter crappy restaurant. At the end of the table, a bowl of spinach dip is in. front of Wesley,'and the CAMERA STARTS descending directly for it, slowly, as we hear...
1) 1) dialog: It was Rochelle's birthday, which meant there was a certain amount of inter- office pressure to go to Appleby's and sit at a table of twenty-five with my boss Janice presiding at the head even though she's too tight to pick up the bill. Which meant, the poor bastard waiting on us had to split the check twenty-four ways -- everyone contributing to Rochelle's free meal -- surf and turf, no less -- don't do us any favors, Rochelle. Anyway, I ate a plate of extreme nachos and then polished off a bowlful of spinach dip pretty much single- handedly... The CAMERA DISAPPEARS in the bowl of spinach dip and we...
2) 0) text: .where Wesley drops his head down on his desk.
2) 6) dialog: .so by the time I got back to my cubicle, my eyelids were so damn heavy, I had to put my head down, even if it was just for a wink.
9) 0) text: .Wesley Gibson, the guy from the opening scene, fast asleep in his little cubicle. Some drool falls off his lip and 'erks h' awake. Just then, the shot FREEZE-FRAMES, and we see IN THE BACKGROUND OF THE SHOT, his fat boss JANICE caught in mid stride coming toward him, looking like she's ready to bring the wrath of God.
9) 1) dialog: My name is Wesley Gibson. If you look at the corner of my desk, you'll see the billing reports I was supposed to hand in to Janice an hour ago. The BILLING ORT is highlighted on the screen for just a moment. .then the movie RESUMES normal speed and Janice reaches Wesley's cube in no time...
9) 4) dialog: I meant to...
9) 12) text: Look everyone, I'm gonna do Wesley's four- ones for him! I don't have enough to do with my own damn job so I'll do Wesley's too! Wesley grabs the report back.
9) 13) dialog: I'll do it.
9) 15) dialog: I said I'll get it done. I'm sorry.
10) 0) text: A CONSULTANT in a suit is droning on and on in front of a nifty power-point presentation. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal Wesley, bored to tears, sitting at a long table with Janice and other corporate minions. The CAMERA FINDS Wesley's note-pad where it looks like he's taking notes on the presentation. Instead, covering every inch of the page, is the phrase "life sucks then you die."
10) 6) dialog: My job title is Account Manager. I used to be called an Account Service Representative, but a consultant told us we needed to "manage" our clients and not " service- them. Onemore "life sucks then you die."
10) 7) dialog: I have a girlfriend whom I neither manage nor service.
11) 0) text: Wesley's GIRLFRIEND is currently riding some guy named BARRY on her living room.couch. She's not very attractive, sort of plain and ordinary.
11) 1) dialog: Her name's Cathy. She works at Banana Republic. The guy she's humping is my best friend, Barry. She's giving it her best. As her MOANS reach a crescendo, we...
12) 0) text: Wesley is still sitting there with his note pad, while the consultant continues to rattle on and on about God knows what. Through the blinds behind the speaker, Wesley can spot his company.'s hot intern, NICOLE, talking on the phone. He zeroes in on her, until... Wesley suddenly looks around the room and everyone ijL_ staring at him.
12) 1) dialog: (HESITANTLY)
12) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, Jesus... uh... what was the question?
12) 10) dialog: Well, that's the thing.-
12) 12) dialog: (trying to redeem himself) Cycles. Hard market, industry-wide cycles differ from our firm's cycles so I think it's amistake to apply...
12) 17) dialog: Sure. Wesley jots down on his pad: "ACTION ITEMS," and underneath it: "Differential responses... then you die." He underlines it three times.
13) 0) text: Wesley sits at a small round table by himself, eating a ham and cheese on white.
13) 6) dialog: There are people, everyday you meet them, who you wish could see you in a different setting, a different place... Just then, Nicole, the pretty intern, approaches and starts fishing through the refrigerator.
13) 7) dialog: .instead of where you are, what you've become. Wesley sits upright, glad now that no one is sitting at his table. Nicole turns and smiles at Wesley, starts to head his way, when...
14) 0) text: Wesley is staring, at his monitor...
14) 1) dialog: And you wish to god your eyeballs weren't being sucked out of their sockets by monitor fatigue. That you didn't spend five years in college to do goddamn differential responses. see that he is actually i&gt;laying solitaire on the computer. He keeps checking over his shoulder for Janice, but she is talking on the phone in her office with the door shut. He looks up and watches the computer clock turn from 4:59 to 5:00. He saves his solitaire game and then turns off the computer, snatches up his jacket, waits for Janice to turn her back to him as she is engrossed in her call, and then sneaks away.
15) 0) text: Wesley presses the down button and waits.
15) 6) dialog: C'mon, c'mon. After an eternity, the doors open.
15) 7) dialog: But at least at the end. of the day... Wesley steps in and turns around. Before the doors close, he sees his boss Janice down the hall, looking at him. She checks her watch and looks back at him, pissed...
15) 8) dialog: (DEFEATED)
16) 0) text: Wesley pedals a ten-speed down a busy street. It's raining, and he squints to keep the water out of his eyes.
17) 3) dialog: What?
17) 10) dialog: Sorry. I•didn't...
17) 12) dialog: I'll be right back. He turns around.
18) 2) text: You want me to go with you, buddy? What a dick. Wesley doesn't turn around, defeated...
18) 3) dialog: I got it.
19) 1) dialog: My parents both died when I was born. He grits his teeth as we...
20) 0) text: A young Wesley, 10, sits at a table with a couple of RELIGIOUS FOSTER PARENT WACKOS.
20) 1) dialog: The nutjobs I had as foster parents thought any book that didn't contain a red-letter edition was the spawn of the devil...
21) 0) text: The ten-year-old Wesley moves furtively to a side of the clap trap house, and pries loose a board.
21) 1) dialog: ..so I had to hide my stash like it was a bag of many jane. Stuck in a hole is a copy of THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO. He moves back around the corner and standing there is his FOSTER MOTHER, pissed as hell...
21) 2) dialog: One time my foster mother found my copy of CATCHER IN THE RYE... .she holds a copy of the book in,her hand, getting ready, to strike..
21) 3) dialog: .and God told her to beat me with it. Young Wesley takes a beating, WHAP, WHAP, WRAP! .his face screws up, taking the blows...
21) 4) dialog: .But despite them, I thought I was gonna be something special.
22) 0) text: .that same expression is plastered on Wesley's face as he pedals. He banks the bike up a curb and into a grocery store parking lot. Across the street, a man watches from behind the wheel of a 171 Chevy Chevelle. In fact, it's Cross, the man we last saw assassinating Mr. X on the rooftop. He watches Wesley park the bike and move into the store.
23) 0) text: Wesley stands, looking over all the different kinds of noodles. None of them just say "spaghetti."
23) 7) dialog: (like he.didn't hear) I'm sorry?
23) 9) dialog: (stammers again) Sorry? She looks him in the eye.
23) 17) dialog: I think you got the wrong guy.
23) 19) dialog: (running it all together) What is this? How d'you know my name?
23) 21) dialog: My father died in a car wreck the week I was born...
23) 24) dialog: Lady...
23) 32) dialog: The Fraternity?
23) 35) dialog: (SLOWLY)
23) 46) dialog: What?!! But Fox just leaps into the passenger seat, guns up and ready, as Wesley's legs. somehow take over and he hops behind the wheel. Just then, Cross's ev ll Mound the corner, practically going up on two tires. Wham! Wesley turns the ignition, pope the clutch, and smashes the gas pedal as the car nearly snaps his neck when it launches forward. He races through the gears and rips around a corner and out into traffic.
23) 47) dialog: Where are we going?
23) 49) dialog: Hold on! ...whips the car into a rubber-squealing turn...
24) 0) text: ...and ends up going the wrong way down a narrow one-way street! He now has to weave in and out of cars headed right for them, as Cross stays tight on their ass. Horns are BLARING in his face, but Wesley somehow keeps the. Ferrari on all four tires as he bobs in'and out of the paths of oncoming cars. A 4 X 4 Chevy Pickup is headed like a missile right at them... Wesley's eyes go wide.
24) 1) dialog: Truck!
24) 3) dialog: No! Shoot the tires! Fox looks at Wesley, momentarily stunned by his idea, then spins and fires away at the oncoming truck. The front tires on the truck explode and the truck veers hard right, where it bounces off a Fed Extrugk.,,, hat sends it into a violent roll. Wesley guns the Ferrari at the tumbling truck as it flips forward... right over their car!!! Wesley watches it fly over them, amazed his idea worked... when finally it SMASHES down into the street between them and Cross's Chevellel Cross is forced to slam on his brakes and slide out... but it's too late... his Chevelle smashes into the 4 X 4 before skidding to a stop, a tangled mess in the street. Wesley snaps back to reality and rips the Ferrari off the one-way street and down a side street.
25) 7) text: There's a lot of things you don't know about yourself, Wesley.
25) 8) dialog: Who was that?
25) 10) dialog: No. I mean... I told you my father died when I was a baby. She leans right into his face so that their noses are only inches apart.
26) 2) dialog: 
26) 11) dialog: What?
26) 13) dialog: What?!
27) 0) text: .t where Mr. Sloan stands next to a hucre man, THE BUTCHER, who is slicing beef off of hanging cow ca f es. There are flies buzzing around and blood draining into the center of the floor. If Wesley wasn't nervous before, he is now.
27) 3) text: This is Wesley Gibson. He needs his life changed. The Butcher looks him over.
27) 11) dialog: (STAMMERS)
27) 14) dialog: I... I guess I'm not sure. Sloan simply picks up one of the pistols and sticks the gun in Wesley's hand.
27) 16) dialog: What?!
27) 18) text: Shoot... the wings... off the flies. For. the first time, Wesley notices flies buzzing all around.
27) 19) dialog: I don't... In the blink of an eye, Sloan has plucked the second gun off the rolling table and ',s -pointing it at Weslev's temple. He begins to count...
28) 0) text: Sloan and Wesley move down a busy commercial street.
28) 2) dialog: But I've never heard of...
32) 0) text: Sloan is still walking with Wesley. Wesley watches every face that passes them by... any of them could be Fraternity members.
36) 0) text: Sloan and Wesley enter a normal looking pharmacy. They pass through the small front room and head directly to the back.
37) 13) dialog: Why would you do that? Sloan puts a hand on Wesley's shoulder, gently. Paternally.
37) 17) text: Or would you like to begin your training with an assassin's Fraternity that writes the world's history in blood and bullets? Wesley doesn't know what to say. Sloan moves to a back door .
37) 28) dialog: Fuck consultants and fuck action items and fuck differential responses. Fuck it all. He takes a seat in the chair, which creaks when he sits in it.
37) 29) dialog: (out loud) Fuck it all.
37) 38) dialog: (UNCOMFORTABLY)
37) 43) dialog: Is this the beginning of my training?
37) 45) dialog: What the fuck are... WHANIlM 4!!!1 The Pharmacist smashes him again. Wesley struggles against the ropes but isn't going anywhere. The Pharmacist rears back. and WHAM! WHAMMM! WHAMQ! keeps hitting him over-and over again until Wesley's eyes roll to the back of his head.
37) 53) dialog: You know how when you have a dream and wake up unexpectedly...
38) 0) text: Wesley jerks awake in his bed...
38) 1) dialog: ...and the dream is still. on the fringe of your brain but you can't quite remember the details? He looks up at his ceiling fan, barely turning, a few blades missing...
38) 2) dialog: But then you see that same old busted ceiling fan over your bed and you are so damn glad it was just a dream? He sits up on his bed and checks himself in the mirror. His face has been pummeled; it looks like a piece of squashed fruit.
38) 3) dialog: This was nothing like that.
39) 0) text: Wesley shoves his ATM card in the machine and hits the "check balance" button. Which reveals: $100,000.92. Amazed, Wesley takes out a grand, the machine just spitting him money. Smiling, Wesley jumps back on his ten speed and zips into traffic. The s in in wheel of the bicycle turns into...
40) 0) text: .that little spinning wheel on a monitor tbAt indicates your computer stuck. Wesley sits in his cubicle, staring at it. Then...
40) 7) dialog: (SHEEPISH)
40) 10) dialog: Something like that.
40) 13) dialog: No. Not really. Same old Wesley.
40) 16) dialog: Would you consider me to be an observant person?
40) 25) dialog: (ROARS)
40) 27) dialog: Just because you have one single iota of tenuous power, you think you can push everyone around? (MORE)
40) 33) dialog: .I understand, Janice, that junior high must have been particularly difficult being called Tubby all the time, but that doesn't give you the goddamn right to treat your workers like horseshit. Sure we laugh at you behind your back and sure we know you keep a stash of jelly doughnuts in the top drawer of your desk... Janice looks down at her fingers, which still have a little grape jelly on them...
40) 34) dialog: .and sure everyone takes their lunch an hour before you so we can get an extra hour away from you, and I know that must sting sitting by yourself in the White Castle parking lot every day gnawing on your third burger thinking up ways to humiliate us... Janice's eyes fall to her feet.
40) 35) dialog: .you know, if you weren't such a bitch, we might actually feel sorry for you. As it is, I feel I can speak for the rest of the office when I say... FUCK YOU!!! With that, he throws all the papers off his desk, sending them flying! Empowered, Wesley marches toward the elevators as everyone watches him go, admiration plastered on their faces. The loudmouth from the break-room steps out...
41) 0) text: Wesley flies out the front door, just as Fox's Diablo swings around the corner.
41) 7) dialog: You were watching?
41) 9) dialog: Like I had a gun in my hands. Fox grins as Wesley jumps in the car and she mashes on the pedal. The Diablo's tires smoke as she launches it out of there.
42) 24) dialog: They never show you this shit on the McDonald's commercials. .. as the CAMERA FINDS Wesley, who is completely absorbed in the lesson. The Butcher hands him the knife, and Wesley starts to make his first chops at it, wanting to please the Butcher, wanting to get it right...
43) 0) text: Fox is seated at a small outdoor cafe, sipping on a latte, reading the paper. There's a story about the death threats to Henry Helms on the front page. Just then Wesley approaches, his face splattered with flecks of blood. She wipes his face with a napkin.
44) 0) text: A huge Chevy 4X4 pulls up and Fox hope out from behind the wheel, followed by Wesley. They get to the door and Fox pulls out a metal device to pick the lock.
44) 1) dialog: What is this?
46) 0) text: Fox and Sloan stand next to a paper target -- the kind of thing you see in a police target range. It shows the outline of a head and torso with concentric rings for where you're supposed to aim. The Gunsmith hoists the corpse of the dead soccer mom on to a hook that hangs ten feet in front of the paper target. Sloan flips a switch and a motor takes the mom and target to the end of the range. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Wesley is with them standing in one of those firearm booths at the opposite end of the range.
46) 10) dialog: Computer chips?
46) 13) dialog: I suppose you're going to tell me to shoot her first.
46) 15) dialog: Mostly B's. Fox cocks her head at Wesley, knows he's lying.
46) 16) dialog: Okay, I got a D.
46) 18) dialog: I couldn't remember all the rules --
46) 21) dialog: Every day.
46) 28) dialog: I don't get it.
46) 30) dialog: So we set our own rules.
46) 34) dialog: Just the flies.
46) 36) dialog: You mean curve the bullet? How?
47) 0) text: Cathy jumps up from the couch when Wesley comes in.
48) 0) text: Wesley tosses his bag into the corner of this immaculately furnished penthouse apartment, overlooking the skyline.
48) 2) dialog: Okay. She moves toward a separate bedroom.
48) 3) dialog: Fox? She stops.
48) 9) dialog: What was my father like? For a moment, she thinks about it. Then...
49) 2) dialog: Really? Wesley looks at her hopefully. She smiles, thinking about the past.
49) 4) dialog: You worked with him?
51) 4) dialog: My father saved your life? Put a bullet in Burgess? k,
52) 1) dialog: What kind of training is that?
52) 4) dialog: My father was Burgess, wasn't he? Fox nods, smiling. They step...
52) 13) dialog: What?
54) 0) text: Wesley smiles. The elevator DINGS.
55) 0) text: Fox and Wesley step out on to the rooftop where Mr. X was gunned down.
55) 1) dialog: What's this?
55) 8) dialog: How?
55) 10) dialog: My whole life I thought he was dead. I shouldn't feel any differently just because it happened 20 years later.
55) 12) dialog: But, I do. Like I missed my one chance.
55) 14) dialog: Can I see his body?
56) 2) dialog: These are my father's ashes?
56) 9) dialog: Sloan said his heart stopped but there was no entry wound?
56) 11) dialog: Can I have a minute?
57) 10) dialog: There are two kinds of pain. One is an object. A living thing that crawls around the outside of your body. Cuts, broken bones, bruises... all deliver the kind of pain you can learn to ignore, and they soon disappear to nothing but the sound of a gnat in your ear. Wesley's eyes are starting to lose consciousness.
57) 11) dialog: I've lived with a different kind of pain all my life... the kind that comes from two decades of being passed over, pushed around, ignored. But you can't hide from that kind of pain either... Wesley takes a brutal shot to the face.
57) 12) dialog: .because it finds you. He involuntarily spite blood as his eyes roll back in his head.
58) 0) text: Sloan sits across from Wesley at a skinny table in an otherwise bare room.
58) 3) dialog: No.
58) 10) dialog: Fine. Try something else.
58) 12) dialog: Nothing. Sloan waits. Wesley realizes it's useless to try to keep something from this man. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out the bullet with the hole in its center... places it on the table.
58) 13) dialog: You told me to hunt down my father's killer. That's what I'm doing.
58) 15) dialog: The bullet that killed him. You said his heart stopped but there was no entrance wound. This bullet has a hole cut into its center...
58) 17) dialog: You know how a mole buries into the earth by pushing the dirt back around it? I think this bullet does what the mole does... Splits the skin and pushes it back through its center, filling the space it just passed through. Sloan looks at him, like he might have been underestimating him until now.
58) 18) dialog: Fox was telling me that my father used special bullets. It looks like Cross does too... which means these are custom made. If we find who makes them, then we find someone who has access to Cross.
58) 25) dialog: Firing neurons. (BEAT)
58) 28) dialog: What's that?
58) 30) dialog: No rules, right? This stops Sloan for a second.
59) 0) text: Wesley lies on Fox's couch, trying his damndest not to peek at her through her bedroom door. It's cracked just enough that he can see her draping a towel around her body as she heads to take a shower. Wesley site up and looks at the binder sitting on the table. Slowly he opens it and sees a picture of Cross staring back at him. The man who took Wesley's father from him. Wesley studies the face, wanting to know every detail.
60) 0) text: Sloan leads Wesley into a gigantic room lined from floor to ceiling with leather-bound books.
61) 0) text: .a large room, the size of an auditorium. On the floor is a gigantic model of the entire city, built to scale, showing all the buildings, skyscrapers, churches, the waterfront, the city streets. Everything the city has to offer laid out in miniature. Sloan and Wesley stand like giants in the middle of the model city...
61) 1) dialog: What's all this?
61) 3) dialog: (looking around) This room. The books. Seems low-tech.
61) 10) dialog: What's with the red ones? Sloan just smiles... .and THE CAMERA MOVES TO HIS FEET, then PUSHES'IN on one particular street on the map, further in on one RED STREETLIGHT and we...
62) 0) text: .the s city street, now full-sized, buzzing with activity, pedestrians hurrying to work, cars and taxis and trucks whizzing through the street. Sloan and Wesley walk down the sidewalk, passing streetlight after streetlight until they reach one in particular.
62) 2) dialog: You have stashes...
62) 4) dialog: Jesus.
62) 15) dialog: Closer. Impressed, the Gunsmith moves the corpse closer to the target, making the angle all that much tougher. Wesley gets ready to squeeze his trigger, but a pistol starts FIRING next to him. He looks over... Sloan is standing nr= &amp;o him, firing the target. Every shot bends around the body and hits right in the forehead of the target. Wesley smiles, impressed. LIBRARY. Wesley thumbs through an old Fraternity book, which has detailed sketches of an assassination in 17th century Paris. MEAT LOCKER. Wesley working out on a heavy bag, honing his punches, the Chef holding the bag for him, muscles rippling. MAP ROOM. Wesley walks by himself amongst the miniature city, trying to memorize where the red marks are.
63) 0) text: Fox making coffee as Wesley sits, studying the binder, his mind racing.
63) 1) dialog: Cross and my father were tight. But Cross thought he should be one of the heads of the Fraternity so he left and vowed to kill the three heads. Which means my father is dead because of petty jealousy.
63) 3) dialog: But I don't see jealousy in those eyes, do you? Fox walks over and slams the binder shut.
63) 10) dialog: The journalist who's got a price-tag on his head.
63) 12) dialog: Yeah.
64) 0) text: Sloan fires at the target, the bullets following his every command. Wesley does the same, equally skilled. Fox sits, watching the two of them. Is it becoming competitive? One shoots and then the other follows, neither one ever missing. Finally, Gunsmith runs the target back in to change out the body. Fox leans back, impressed.
64) 8) dialog: (to the Gunsmith) Close the gap. Push the body closer to the target..
64) 10) dialog: Closer.
64) 12) dialog: Closer.
64) 14) dialog: Closer. I'll say when.
64) 18) dialog: You wanna go first?
64) 26) dialog: Check the target. The Gunsmith does and we see that each of the five bullets has passed clean through the cadaver and found it's mark on the target.
64) 27) dialog: You'll find one entry below the shoulder, missing the major blood vessels there, exiting the back. Second shot went through the abdomen, clipped only the bowel and exited cleanly. Third hit the upper right quadrant of the abdomen, which is partially protected by the ribcage, and passed through the liver and probably part of the gallbladder. Upper left abdomen is a good place, where number four ruptured the spleen before continuing down main street. And finally, what I like to call "the ,7FK." Number five entered the mouth, was redirected downward by the upper jawbone ON, and exited the back of the neck. That's the shot you'll find in the middle of the target. Gunsmith sticks his finger through the hole in the middle
64) 28) dialog: (to Sloan) Fuck the rules. With that, he turns and walks away, a look on his face that is his fiercest, a far cry from the kid in the cubicle. That same expression is on his face as we...
65) 0) text: Wesley strains against the ropes that bind his hands as The Pharmacist waylays him. But is t' e. Wesley counts out the punches as he takes the shots.
65) 1) dialog: One! There is a look in Wesley's eye we, haven't seen before, burning, searing fire. As he continues to take punches and count them out...
65) 7) dialog: Two! (WHAM!) Three! (WHAM!) Four! (WHAM!) FIVE!! (WHAM!!)
65) 8) text: ..he pulls his arms tight, and his muscles start to twitch and bulge -- muscles we didn't know he had until. now -- and as he continues to take punches, WHAM!, WHAM!, WHAM!!, the rope strains against the wooden chair, and we can HEAR the wooden legs start to pop, until... CRACK!!! Wesley Jerks his arms ee and comes swillcrincr with the broken of leg of the chair. SMASH! SMASH!! The Pharmacist goes down hard and Wesley stands over him, out of control,. furious, SMASH! SMASH!, beating him with that broken chair leg. The CAMERA PUSHES THOUGH one of the walls...
66) 0) text: ..she leans on top of Wesley, straddling him on too of her bed. They unleash on each other, and from the looks of it, Fox makes Cathy seem like a nun.
67) 0) text: Wesley site in a chair as Fox crouches next to him with an advanced tattoo machine, inking his hand.
67) 1) dialog: Do you like being the only chick in the Fraternity?
67) 3) text: Who said I was the only sister? Maybe you just haven't met any others yet. Wesley laughs.
67) 4) dialog: (playfully back) Maybe I have and I'm just not telling you.
67) 7) dialog: How did you end up here, Fox?
67) 9) dialog: What did you do before? Fox looks at him, a wry smile on her face.
67) 11) dialog: No shit?
67) 13) dialog: I can't see it.
67) 20) dialog: What made them come after you? I mean, I know why I'm here.
67) 22) dialog: And yours is?
67) 24) dialog: That's terrible.
68) 0) text: Wesley and Fox walk down a crowded urban city street. The CAMERA finds Wesley's tattoo and then moves around behind Fox and holds on hers.
68) 1) dialog: Where's the Diablo?
68) 3) text: I got tired of the color. Wesley can't help but smile, then Fox stops. They're standing right in front of a CAR SHOWROOM, displayed in the window is a MIDNIGHT BLACK PORSCHE 911 convertible sitting in a showroom window... 'us like the one Wesley's father smashed in Fox's story.
69) 1) dialog: Being a member of the Fraternity was like winning the lottery...
69) 3) dialog: This... this is what my dad's life was like. He was a fucking god. He weaves in and out of traffic, then rips around a corner, narrowly cutting in front of an eighteen-wheeler, which has to slam on its brakes.
69) 4) dialog: Where we headed?
69) 7) dialog: You need a new wardrobe or something?
69) 14) dialog: A test?
69) 16) dialog: Who's the mark?
69) 18) dialog: What if I don't?
69) 30) dialog: Get down! .and he's looking at a man we recognize from his office... The Consultant. He's approaching rapidly behind Barry, fisting a 'pair of pistols! Just as Barry hits the deck, Wesley pulls the trigger... .but it lust CLICKS, the chamber empty...
69) 41) dialog: Just like my father used on you. Fox nods, as the Security Guards go to help the Consultant to his feet.
69) 42) dialog: You were watching me in the office.
69) 49) text: Protecting our assets. She hands the clip from the Imanishi over to Wesley...
70) 0) text: Wesley and Fox walk down a long hallway toward a single doorway. They open it, revealing...
71) 2) dialog: You've known all along. You knew before I ever broke the urn...
71) 4) dialog: Part of my training.
71) 6) text: And his killer. Wesley nods, a grave expression on his face, like he knows what he is going to do next.
72) 10) dialog: There are two things about you I'm sure of right now, little man. One is that you can speak English... Pek War sees that Wesley means business.
72) 12) dialog: That my nutsack is bigger than you. Fox snickers.
72) 18) dialog: Bullshit. You're as responsible as if you pulled the trigger yourself.
72) 26) dialog: I'm only going to ask you one question and I want you to think very hard how you want to answer. With that, Wesley sticks the stiletto into Pek War's side!
72) 29) dialog: Relax. The blade is in only an inch or so. The little man starts jabbering to God in some foreign language.
72) 30) dialog: See I've learned a thing or two about human anatomy recently. In fact, this blade is stuck just beneath the coastal cartilage of your tenth rib. Just a little push and it will deflate your lung. That's called a pneumothorax. V Helluva way to go, suffocating in a'room full of fresh air. Plus the sound, the sound of all that oxygen hissing out of your lung... pssssssh, like a balloon at a birthday party. Enough to make a man beg for a second chance. (BEAT)
72) 32) dialog: So my question is... how do I find Cross? Pek War's eyes go wide, pleading...
72) 34) text: My clients use middlemen, I don't meet them in person, I know so little about them... Wesley twitches the handle just a bit.
73) 0) text: The Porsche once again tears across the asphalt, as Wesley drives.
73) 2) dialog: You know what my foster mother. told me when I was six years old? Fox shakes her head.
73) 3) dialog: She caught me eating some jello out of the fridge after my bedtime. I knew I wasn't supposed to but I was so damn hungry, and it was just some fucking jello. Anyway, after she hit me so hard I couldn't bite down straight for a week, she told me... she told me that God had killed my parents because I was such a wicked boy.
73) 5) dialog: So I grew up thinking I was the reason I never knew my parents. But now, to find out, that no, my father didn't give me up because he had died... he gave me up because he was Protecting me... well I guess I want to give him something back.
74) 0) text: They are surrounded by industrial looking warehouses, one of which has the words Times-Herald on it. Newspaper delivery TRUCKS make their way in and out of the loading dock area of this building. Overhead, an EL TRAIN scrapes along the worn tracks. Fox pulls around a corner and back into an alley, so they can have a view of the corner in front of them. Wesley scans the area quickly.
74) 1) dialog: Not very discreet, are they? Fox smiles knowingly, and looks up, revealing what Wesley is talking about. On various rooftops we-see FIGURES peering down. looking over the site.
74) 10) dialog: No! The minute Bellman exposes himself in the open loading dock door he is cut down from inside, his bloody body falling backwards into a newspaper truck parked at the dock. Wesley and Fox join the other two on the dock as screaming WORKERS run from the place.
74) 13) dialog: He'll be long gone by then.
74) 15) dialog: On the pallet. They all jump on the pallet held by the forks of the lift. Wesley throws the machine in reverse and it backs into the warehouse, the four assassins safely crouching on the pallet on the front.
74) 22) dialog: Separate. The lowest level is the loading dock, where pallets of newspapers and massive unused paper rolls await.
74) 25) dialog: (to the Waiter) Stay here and cover us. There's no angle for him to hit you if you stay here. Wesley points at a scaffolding that runs above the machines.
74) 31) dialog: Don't let him get up there. And stay clear of the presses! He'll use them however he can.
74) 33) dialog: It's what I'd do. With that, Wesley and Fox disappear amongst the machinery. The Waiter takes a step back from the press, where over a hundred pounds of paper spins through every second. He sticks his head out to try and keep an eye on that scaffolding. Everything looks clear, until... ...shots ring out and a shelf o w a1l o Waiter's head gives way! He turns to see a bunch of cans of spray lubricant falling to the floor. No big deal, until Cross shoots one of them out of the air, causing it to explode! The burning oil covers the Waiter, who SCREAMS and stumbles nearer the printing press...
74) 43) dialog: Cross! Unafraid, Cross climbs up on a desk on the other side of the office. Without hesitation, Wesley opens fire at Cross... who immediately returns fire... .and his bullets actually collide with Cross's by ets in mid-air!!! The bullets ricochet and take out a COMPUTER SCREEN where someone was playing SOLITAIRE. The two assassins blast away, all while diving and moving over and in the cubicles. Cross has a gun similar to the Imanishis, and they each steer their bullets at each other from sharp angles... Strangely,. the first bullet collision was not blind luck but the pattern for the battle. They are fighting the same fight, their bullets meeting in the middle, each man using the same techniques at the exact same time. Wesley needs an angle, and spots a DRY ERASE BOARD the words "Action Items" written on it. He fires at it, and his bullets bounce off it at an angle where one of them strikes Cross in the shoulder... THWAP!!! Cross can't believe he's hit but he doesn't have time to flinch... right as Wesley fires again, he turns, barely avoiding the rain of bullets and leaps through a nearby window, smashing the glass out,
75) 12) text: Everything they told you was a lie, Wesley. With that... Cross falls down. His black jacket spills open to show a gun shot wound not just to his shoulder, but to hig n too. one of Wesley's bullets through the train must have found its mark. Cross is bleeding profusely. He gasps a couple of times... then, with his last bit of energy...
75) 21) dialog: He said... he said 'pies on the Fraternity...' Fox measures him, like she's not sure if he's telling the whole story. Finally, she nods...
75) 23) dialog: Yeah, sure.
75) 25) dialog: I think I need.a minute to myself.
75) 28) dialog: Naah, that's all right. You need to get stitched up. I'll meet you at that Korean place.
76) 0) text: Wesley walks down the street. PEOPLE instinctively get out of his way as he cuts a path down the sidewalk. Then he pulls out what Cross slipped inside his pocket: a beaten-up copy of COUNT OF ONTE CRISTO. In fact, there's no mistake, it's the same copy he had as a kid. Wesley tries to make sense of this as he opens up the cover... printed on the inside in a steady hand are the words: "I left you something." Wesley lowers the book and sees a cheesy guy park a Harley at a curb. He bee-lines for the guy.
77) 0) text: Wesley now blazes down the highway, pushing the Harley to its limits. His angry expression hasn't dissipated.
78) 3) dialog: Hey.
78) 5) dialog: You live here? The kid.nods .
78) 6) dialog: Foster home? 4014 The kid nods again.
78) 12) dialog: Read this. He tosses the kid the book and heads off.
79) 0) text: He pulls the Harley over to a curb and then reaches into his jacket pocket and withdraws the note and the key. Across the street, the address matches: 1850 N. Highbury. The place looks like a concrete fortress... no windows, just a large-iron door in front. Wesley approaches, not sure what the address could mean. He gets to the door, looking for a key-hole, but he doesn't find one. He fidgets there awkwardly for a second, but then... .the door opens, revealing a woman, ANNA. She takes a look at Wesley and then puts a trembling hand over her lips.
79) 4) dialog: Yes, ma'am. She nods knowingly, sadly.
79) 6) dialog: ✓ He killed my father...
79) 14) dialog: My brother?
79) 27) dialog: I'm okay. Wesley sets the key down on the table.
79) 28) dialog: Do you know what this opens?
79) 36) dialog: (STEELY)
79) 37) text: He left me more than this. Wesley takes the coat and folds it over his arm.
79) 39) dialog: Why didn't he just tell me?
79) 42) dialog: I'll be back as soon as this is over.
80) 8) dialog: Skipped the hospital?
80) 12) dialog: I'm all right.
80) 14) dialog: Naah.
80) 20) dialog: Yeah. (BEAT)
80) 23) dialog: Did you know Cross was my father?
80) 25) dialog: Did you know? Closer, closer... tight on those pupils...
80) 36) text: Wesley only has a millisecond to respond,-and he does by kicking over the table, which sends food and utensils flying, but also shields him from Fox's bullets. Just as quickly, Fox leaps up on top of one of the other tables, trying to keep her heels on the sides so that her feet don't touch the hot grill. If she's wounded, we wouldn't know it. Wesley does the same on a nearby table. They take shots at each other as they leap from table to table, avoiding the sizzling centers, but they're both so quick that no bullets find their mark. Then Fox takes a running leap at him, moving ferociously fast. She's like the animal she's named after, and she launches off one of the tables... .and catches Wesley flush, kno in him backwards, a form tackle on to a table... ..where he lands Quare on the oven top... PSSSSBHH... and his guns go flying across the room as... .the table to starts to burn through his clothes!
80) 38) dialog: Arrrh!
80) 47) text: Aaaaahhhh! She's firing both muzzles and her bullets find the marks this time, knocking Wesley's guns out of his hands from where he lies flat on the floor. She's disarmed him, and now he's defenseless... .and Fox stands over him, breathing hard, her face bleeding, both gun barrels pointed right at Wesley's face...
80) 57) dialog: There's a town in Germany called Leverkusen that had a bear hunter named Hans Koblenz.
81) 1) dialog: 60 During his life, he was said to have killed over four hundred bears and was the pride of this small community on the Rhine. You want to know how he died? A pair of black bears singled out his house from the entire village, mauled his wife, killed his twin daughters, and then lied in wait for him to get back from the woods.
82) 0) text: The fire is out, but it has blackened the inside of the joint, so that it looks like an absolute war zone. Fox is in the same position as when Wesley shot her, but there's a sheet of paper folded on her chest. The Butcher and the Pharmacist flank Sloan as he approaches the body, frowning.
82) 1) dialog: When the hunter opened the door, they ripped his throat out before he could scream. (MORE)
82) 7) dialog: The two bears then curled up on the rug LW in the middle of the floor -- the rug that had once been their father -- and proceeded to bite. each other till they bled to death. Sloan reaches down and picks up the paper, and sees beneath it that pearl-handled revolver. The one with the blood on the handle.
82) 8) dialog: That's a true story. He unfolds it, to read printed in black ink on the paper:
83) 0) text: Wesley stands in the slaughterhouse, holding two pistols, looking around. The place has been cleaned out. There's no sign of the Butcher.
85) 0) text: .and in the Fraternity's library, nothing. All the books are gone... Wesley processes this, frowning. He keeps walking to the...
86) 0) text: Anna opens the door for Wesley, who looks like he is on to something...
86) 1) dialog: My father... he was working on a plan, right?
86) 3) dialog: Can I see that for a second? The boy hands him the building in his hand. It is painted jet black, except for one corner of the first floor, which is painted red. Wesley looks up at Anna.
86) 4) dialog: Do you know where he got this?
87) 0) text: Anna leads Wesley down some wooden steps into Cross's basement. Sure enough, the entire floor of the basement has been made into a model map, similar to the one that the Fraternity used in the map room, but all the buildings are black, with an occasional red mark. The scale is larger, the model shows only one section of the city, and a BLUE LINE indicates a route through the streets. And on the wall are PICTURES and CLIPPINGS of Henry Helms. Wesley squats over it, trying to figure out what his father's plan was. He sees a missing place for a building and puts Andrew's toy back in place, then studies the map some more.
87) 7) dialog: (AWED)
87) 9) text: This is a Fraternity hit. Cross... my fathar... set up Henry Helms as bait, knowing Sloan would use his best men for the job. He was going to take them all out. Wesley looks at it some more.
87) 10) dialog: Only he didn't know where on the route they would try and hit Helms. That's the missing piece he was t rying to figure out.
87) 12) dialog: No. But I know who does.
88) 8) dialog: It's me, Nicole.
88) 10) dialog: I asked you once if you thought I was an observant person. She doesn't understand... but suddenly we...
89) 0) text: .that meeting room from his old job. In fact, it's a replay of that same scene. Wesley is still sitting there with his note pad, the words "LIFE SUCKS AND THEN YOU DIE" printed over and over, while the consultant continues to rattle on and on. Through the blinds behind the speaker, Wesley spots the hot intern Nicole, still talking on the phone. And just like before, he's zeroing in on her, but this time, we keep zeroing in and zeroing in, until we see something we didn't see before... Nicole reaches up over the counter to grab a stack of papers, and her shirt pulls slightly up from her back... .and that tattoo of Cerberus. &amp;)A- three-headed !log ,printed there, in the exact same place Fox had...-and we keep zeroing in on it and zeroing in on it until we...
90) 3) dialog: (playfully back) Maybe I have and I'm just not telling you. .and now with the gift of hindsight, we see that Wesley meant what he said, and we...
91) 0) text: Wesley still stands there, just a few feet away from her.
91) 1) dialog: Sloan didn't just have one person in my office watching me, he had two.
91) 3) dialog: What name do you go by? The Intern? He points at her tattoo.
91) 4) dialog: Because I know you have the mark. Nicole's face changes, goes hard, like someone flipped a switch. Like lightning, she grabs for a butcher's knife but Wesley is faster. He pins her wrist back, twisting until she drops the knife. She lunges again, but a pistol comes up right below her chin.
91) 5) dialog: Where's the Henry Helms hit going down? Where's Sloan?
91) 12) dialog: Yeah? Why's that? She reaches over, slowly, so he knows she's not going to go for a knife... and she turns on a small TELEVISION sitting on the kitchen counter. The screen comes to life, showing an inf mercial for the F ob'e. Nicole shakes her head and. flips up the channels... and now we see what she wanted to show him...
91) 24) dialog: Motherfucker. Dispose of the weapon... (BEAT)
91) 27) dialog: (ignoring her) I'm only going to ask you one more time. Where can I find him?
91) 29) dialog: Then this is going to get painful quickly. She stares at that blue flame, fear in her eyes for the first time. He starts pushing her head toward it, closer and closer...
91) 30) dialog: Henry Helms. Where is it going down? The first SCREAM from Nicole is lost in...
92) 0) text: SIRENS wail and a HELICOPTER hovers nearby as Wesley stands on a roof, looking down on the scene. He sees EMT's roll a gurney out toward an ambulance as COPS cover every inch of the ground. From where he is, it looks like every cop in the city is here.
93) 0) text: Wesley steps out of a dark doorway, his hard eyes following a police car as it roars by without noticing him.
98) 17) text: Wesley? The CAMERA MOVES TO THE SIDE to show Wesley crouched right behind him, a look of icy determination on his face as he holds the knife in place.
98) 23) dialog: (GROWLS)
98) 25) dialog: Looks like you missed your chance. Now where is Sloan? The Gunsmith feels the edge in Wesley's voice.
98) 28) dialog: (WHISPERS)
98) 30) dialog: Should've studied your anatomy, fellas. Wesley FIRES BACK indiscriminately at the neighboring rooftops, lying on his back, using the.dead assassin's body as a shield.
99) 0) text: Wesley bursts from the stairwell doorway and moves to the front door of the building. He clicks the empty cartridges out of his guns and is about to reload when he hears a sickening sound behind him... The sound of two knife blades being rubbed together... .and Wesley turns to f' the Butcher there waiting for The Butcher quickly hurls a knife, which buries in_the fleshy part of Wesley's shoulder 1 Wesley ignores it and fires... i L
99) 3) dialog: I remember some dumb shit like that coming out of your mouth. Wesley tosses the guns in his pockets and then nulls out the kniZ2 in his shoulder. They charge each other, the blades whizzing and clanging off each other as each tries to gain an edge. The fight spills out the front door, and into...
99) 11) dialog: But you can hear. So hear this: To cut the subclavian artery, hold the knife ice- pick style... Wesley lunges and the Butcher is defenseless to stop it.
99) 12) dialog: ...and thrust down behind the clavicle, cutting side to side. He does just as he describes and the big guy topples over as his gore spills out into the street. But before he can gloat, Wesley realizes his new predicament... He's standing in the middle of the street, and at one end is the chef, and at the other is the Gardener. To make things worse, directly across the street from Wesley is the Pharmacist, and each has a gun on him.
99) 14) text: That's what I'd call a real ball ache. For a moment, Wesley stands there, sizing up the situation. His eyes swivel from the Gardener to the Chef to the Pharmacist. Just then, the buildings ound all of them go black., just like in cross's model! Wesley's eyes fall on the on the red corner of the nearest building, a cement block making up a decorative support column in front of it.
99) 20) dialog: I'm working off of a different map. With that, the world goes back 12 its natural colorB, and he races for the building, jumping up onto and over a Lexus parked at the curb. The three assassins fire relentlessly at him, but their bullets slam into the car, smashing it to bits... as... . on the other side of it, Wesley goes into a slide just as he reaches that cement block... affixed to it is a small SILVER CROSSI Wesley slaps his hand on the Cross and the cement block mechanically opens, revealing: a new pair of sophisticated MA ISHIS I As his adversaries converge on him, Wesley takes the guns, spins, splits both hands apart and we...
99) 33) dialog: Where is he?
100) 0) text: We've seen this place before. It's the same roof where cross took out the second head of The door is kicked open and Wesley walks out, eyes blazing. Sloan is waiting for standing t feet away, holding his father's pearl-handled gun, trained right on Wesley's head.
100) 3) dialog: But now you have to dispose of the weapon.
100) 10) dialog: Fuck you. Sloan's eyes narrow.
100) 13) text: But that's not gonna happen. Like I told you before, when we are called, death is as certain as the sun. Wesley stands as straight as he can muster. The two men face each other like two gunmen on Main Street in Dodge city... an old newspaper even blows through like a tumbleweed. And we are close on Wesley's face. act it i the same shot from the opening of the movie.
100) 14) dialog: Six weeks ago, I was ordinary and pathetic. We see now that his healthy hand is inching away from his bleeding arm, reaching into his sleeve...
100) 15) dialog: But not today. With that, he nulls out the matching pearl-handled gun, the twin-brother of the one Sloan is holding, and they both open fire... .Wesley shoots Sloan's bullets out of the air and Sloan does the same. Just like he did with h' father. .But Sloan is good, and one of the bullets finds it's mark, hitting Wesley sSMarely in the same arm that took the knife.
100) 21) dialog: Uhhh! He can't raise his arm, it's useless, but he's come too damn far to stop now... he flips his gun from his good hand to his bad hand and manages to keep FIRING! Then Wesley does something unexpected... he starts sprinting straight at Sloan, still knocking his bullets out of the air... He closes the gap... ten feet... five feet... ..a surprised and worried expression now spreads on Sloan's face,.like what is this kid doing? But Wesley is not stopping, he shoots the gun out of Sloan's hand and then closes on him, tackling him off his feet! They go flying right over the edge of the building. Wesley's able to grab on to a railing cable and stop himself... ..but Sloan is going to go over. At the last moment, Sloan reacher. for-something. anything. and grabs one-handed the barrel of Wesley's gun... For a moment, they dangle there in this precarious position, looking each other in the face. Sloan can't believe he's been bested by this kid.
100) 23) text: Go ahead and shoot me, killer. Just like you did your old man. Wesley's finger starts to squeeze the trigger, but then he smiles...
100) 24) dialog: I'm done with this life. Just like my father. And with that, Wes1gy drops the n out of his h
100) 32) dialog: It's true. Six weeks ago I was ordinary and-pathetic. Just like you. He sits up, moving OUT OF FRAME.
101) 1) dialog: But I've learned something in that time. I've learned about the man who made me.
102) 0) text: Cope stand on the street, handing out pictures of Wesley, asking pedestrians if they've seen this man.
102) 1) dialog: I've learned about the man I am.
103) 0) text: Patrons stand in line at a post office, but the'CAMERA PUSHES PAST THEM, finding a black and white "WANTED" poster of Wesley, describing all the killings he's responsible for. It holds tight on the picture.
103) 1) dialog: I've learned that all of us are unique, even though sometimes we're too fucking blind to see it.
104) 0) text: The door to the safehouse opens, and Anna, Wesley and Andrew step out into the bright sunlight. Wesley is carrying his little brother.
104) 6) dialog: And I learned, the easiest place to hide is in plain sight. .it comes back DOWN, DOWN, DOWN, until it finds...
105) 0) text: ..Wesley sitting at a computer in the middle of another cubicle maze, pecking away at his keyboard. A sign attached to one wall reads: "SAN ANGELO INSURANCE ASSOCIATES: Setting the Bar Highl" Office workers mill about in their drab suits and ties, wishing they were anywhere else. A pretty RECEPTIONIST comes over to Wesley's desk.
105) 2) dialog: Just started last week.
105) 4) dialog: All over the place, really. Nothing too exciting.
105) 14) dialog: Yes, sir.
105) 17) dialog: Of course.
105) 19) dialog: You want to take a break with me?
105) 24) dialog: Well, you'll find there's nothing "usual" about me. They climb in. THE CAMERA PUSHES IN TIGHTER AND TIGHTER on Wesley's face...
105) 25) dialog: This life is ours, to make of it what we can. .until it fills the screen, looking just like the shot of Wesley we started with. And then a sly smile spreads across his mug...
105) 26) dialog: I think I'll give it a shot. .and as the doors close, we officially... FADE OUT.