2) 0) text: Two people are in the straining car -- a woman and her son. The woman is CAROLINE WOLFF. Somewhere in her 30s, she is a pretty woman who can look beautiful if she works at it. (Just now, though, her prettiness is marred by a fading bruise on her right cheekbone.) She is bright and energetic and lively. Even more important than these qualities, though, is her humor. And most important of all is a sensual quality she exudes. Her sensuality is effortless -- as natural to her as the color of her eyes and hair. Men turn on the street to stare at her. The boy is TOBY WOLFF. A    pleasant-faced boy with won- derful eyes, he is 13 --   teetering on the brink of adolescence, so that one   moment he seems like a self- assured teenager, and the   very next like a ten-year-old kid. Just now the ten-year-old kid has the upper hand: bored and weary with the long trip, Toby has been arguing with Caroline, who is ignoring him.
7) 4) text: My God, he was boring. Boring and mean: you sure got crappy taste in boyfriends. At the mention of Roy's name, Caroline lightly touches the bruise on her right cheekbone. Not enjoying the talk about Roy, she pours the water into the radiator, and speaks directly to the car.
27) 0) text: As the three boys troop through the room, they pass Terry Silver's two SISTERS, who are sprawled sensually on a sofa.
28) 0) text: The boys light up three cigarettes (opening a window so the smoke will disappear), then throw themselves onto the floor in front of a black-and-white TV. Superman is ON. When Lois Lane comes on, Terry Taylor starts moaning as if sexually aroused; Terry Silver jumps to his knees and licks the TV screen repeatedly, also moaning. Toby closes his eyes, also as if in sexual transport.
30) 0) text: We hear SCREAMING. Toby and Terry Taylor race BY the CAMERA on stolen tricycles, yelling as if they're attack- ing Indians. Behind them comes Terry Silver, on foot. Atop a small hill, both boys jump off, letting the TRICYCLES SMASH into a parked car. Then they run like hell with Terry Silver bringing up the rear.
55) 12) text: I picked up two barrels of horse- chestnuts in the park. You can spend your evenings hulling 'em. And I enrolled you in the Boy Scouts, and you've got a paper route, starting Monday, every afternoon from three to six-thirty -- pays fifty-five bucks a month. What d'you say? Toby glances around the table, he is subdued.
56) 5) dialog: It's sad.
57) 2) text: Now your mother has just about washed her hands of you -- that's obvious, 'cause she's shipped you off up here. I mean, she has had it with you. She told me: she said 'Dwight, I just can't handle him anymore.' So don't go crying to Mama, 'cause Mama won't listen. Mama is sick to death of her baby boy.
59) 20) text: ... then I want you to do it right. We'll do it right together. Dwight takes out a magazine entitled Boy's Life.    He hands it to Toby.
66) 0) text: Toby is alone in the room    in his Boy Scout shirt and h in front of a mirror. A     copy of Boy's Life magazine i open in front of him with    drawings of Indians performi sign language. Watching     himself in the mirror, Toby makes a sign.
73) 0) text: Toby, his news bag slung over his shoulder, stands talking idly with two boys from school, OSCAR BOOKER and JIMMY VOORHEES. One of them says, "Uh-oh," and jerks his head to indicate where Toby and the other boy should look. They look in the direction indicated, and see Arthur Gayle coming down the road toward them, followed by a small black dog called Pepper. As the boys watch Arthur's approach:
75) 0) text: A worried Toby sits dreading Dwight's arrival. Behind him, on the wall, Toby has pinned the covers of fifteen copies of the Scout magazine: so that, above Toby's head are the words BOY'S LIFE fifteen times. There is a MURMUR of VOICES, and FOOTSTEPS COMING toward Toby. Toby expects the worst. But, surprisingly, Dwight is beaming.
77) 0) text: A steady downpour falls outside the porch. Dwight and Toby, both stripped to the waist, are boxing. Dwight is totally serious about this, absolutely sincere. The sweat streaming off the two, Dwight patiently correct Toby's movements, or catches the boy's fist to suggest better form. Their feet shuffle, squeak on the floor.
82) 0) text: Caroline enters and stands by Toby's bed. She bends over the boy and she starts to touch his hair, decides not to. She stares at Toby for a few beats.
86) 23) text: Why don't you ever help me straighten that boy out? Caroline doesn't even look up. She threads a needle and begins to sew. Whilst Dwight paces around the room.
87) 4) dialog: (laughing)
90) 0) text: Toby and ten other boys are practicing lay-ups. All the boys, Toby included, wear basketball uniforms. All the other boys wear gym shoes. Toby is barefooted. He is however, a smooth, skillful player.
109) 15) text: Suddenly Dwight is across the floor and onto the bed. He straddles Toby and slaps him across the face with the left hand then the right, again and again. Toby holds a forearm protectively across his face. Dwight holds both Toby's hands with one of his and, slaps the boy's face again and again. Finally Toby manages to get his right hand loose.      He slams his forearm across Dwight's throat. Dwight rears back, choking and gagging. Toby throws off the covers and tries to run. Still choking, Dwight grabs the back of Toby's hair and forces the boy's face down against the mattress.
119) 0) text: Furious, Toby throws himself onto the bed, and snaps on a reading light. (Behind him, the wall is now completely papered with the front pages of the Scout magazine, so that we see the words BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE repeated one hundred and twenty times.) Then Toby takes a slick brochure from under his pillow -- it's a bro- chure of Princeton. Photographs of beautifully tended lawns, and students on their way to class. Toby stares at the photographs, smoothing the pages carefully, long- ing in his face.
125) 0) text: Twenty-three boys and Toby stand waiting restlessly for the tests to begin. Toby looks very different from the other intelligent looking, well-bred boys in his Elvis hairdo.