2) 0) text: Two people are in the straining car -- a woman and her son. The woman is CAROLINE WOLFF. Somewhere in her 30s, she is a pretty woman who can look beautiful if she works at it. (Just now, though, her prettiness is marred by a fading bruise on her right cheekbone.) She is bright and energetic and lively. Even more important than these qualities, though, is her humor. And most important of all is a sensual quality she exudes. Her sensuality is effortless -- as natural to her as the color of her eyes and hair. Men turn on the street to stare at her. The boy is TOBY WOLFF. A    pleasant-faced boy with won- derful eyes, he is 13 --   teetering on the brink of adolescence, so that one   moment he seems like a self- assured teenager, and the   very next like a ten-year-old kid. Just now the ten-year-old kid has the upper hand: bored and weary with the long trip, Toby has been arguing with Caroline, who is ignoring him.
2) 2) dialog: (totally oblivious)
2) 8) dialog: (as above)
2) 9) text: Toby, hush. Let me just... So concentrated on her driving she doesn't even finish her sentence, she nurses the car upward. Finally the car crests the hill and starts down. Caroline sighs with relief. She turns to Toby with a smile.
2) 10) dialog: What'd you say?
2) 12) dialog: Oh, honey, Jesus. Don't start with that again.
2) 14) dialog: Because I'm the mother, and I get to tell you what to do every minute of your life 'til you're eighteen. Seriously, we've got no money. I can't buy you the moccasins.
2) 16) dialog: No talk about Roy, okay? And ditto the moccasins. We, can't, afford, them.
2) 18) dialog: Sue me. Take me to court. Oh, Toby, I know you're disappointed, but...
2) 23) dialog: You're going to drive me to an early grave: I'm never going to make Salt Lake City.
2) 26) dialog: Fine.  And you can call me... (she thinks)
3) 0) text: Other drivers have stopped to look: hundreds of feet below, the truck lies on its back among boulders. Caroline glances, then turns away. She pulls Toby away, one arm around his shoulder.
4) 0) text: Caroline fills the Nash's steaming radiator with a can of water.
4) 1) dialog: (not much heat)
4) 6) dialog: Oh, that poor man. There is a pause.   Then Toby speaks:
5) 0) text: Toby (feet up on the dashboard wearing a brand-new pair of Indian moccasins) and Caroline sing "Mood Indigo" together. Toby holds  a complicated-looking, black con- traption which looks something like an antique flashlight
5) 2) dialog: (not confident)
5) 5) dialog: Well, it was everywhere in Moab, they say -- just like gold in the gold-rush days.
5) 7) dialog: Well, that means we'll have the place pretty much to ourselves, huh? Honey, this could be a big break for us. If this works out, oh, just think: we'll get us a house, get rid of this damn Nash Ambassador -- no money worries... It'll be like heaven on a June day.
6) 0) text: We hear "MOOD INDIGO" on the car RADIO and see that a weary Caroline has driven through the night and Toby is slumped against the passenger door. Toby stirs, then opens his eyes.
6) 1) dialog: Ask me how far we are from Salt Lake City. Toby is instantly awake, excited. Caroline points to a small highway sign and both she and Toby yell out.
6) 2) dialog: Forty-seven miles to go! Both of them are laughing with excitement. Toby claps his hands together once, very hard, and Caroline yells --
7) 0) text: Well, hell. The Nash Ambassador sits by the side of the road, its hood up, its radiator steaming. Caroline and Toby sit in a patch of shade by the car.
7) 1) dialog: If I could have one wish right now -- only one wish -- you know what I'd like? I'd like to burn this damn Nash Ambassador to a crisp. (as Toby laughs)
7) 4) text: My God, he was boring. Boring and mean: you sure got crappy taste in boyfriends. At the mention of Roy's name, Caroline lightly touches the bruise on her right cheekbone. Not enjoying the talk about Roy, she pours the water into the radiator, and speaks directly to the car.
7) 5) dialog: I'd like to burn you to the ground. (to Toby; big smile)
9) 0) text: Caroline, holding the imitation Geiger counter, stands across the counter from a MAN who is looking at her very strangely.
9) 2) dialog: No, I came here to look for uranium.
9) 4) dialog: We went there, but everybody'd beaten us there. We were too late.
10) 0) text: Caroline exits the building, dumps the Geiger counter in a trash can and strides to the car. She gets in, and says two words:
10) 1) dialog: Don't ask.
11) 0) text: Caroline turns the key in the ignition and gets only a maddening RER-RER-RER-RER noise from the ENGINE: wearily, she rests her forehead on the steering wheel.
12) 0) text: Caroline and Toby have the hood up and are peering into the engine.
12) 2) dialog: I know. Don't tell me what I already know. This thing's a bottomless pit. I don't know what to do. No matter how much money I pour into it... Suddenly a WOMAN in pedal-pushers and a thin, inexpensive sweater stops. She's vaguely low-class, but friendly and sympathetic.
12) 4) dialog: You don't have    a car? (as the    Woman shakes    her head)
12) 8) dialog: (to the Woman)
12) 14) dialog: Get the bags out. Get the owner's slip out of the glove compartment. We're rid of this son-of-a-bitch pink and white albatross. You don't mind taking a car with a big dent in the passenger door?
12) 16) text: There's no dent there... Caroline draws back her leg and delivers a terrific, flat-footed kick to the door, leaving a dent the size of a dish-pan.
12) 17) dialog: Oh, yes there is! Toby hands the Woman the owner's slip, Caroline gives her the keys.
12) 19) dialog: It's done. It's yours. You got yourself a Nash Ambassador! (to Toby)
13) 0) text: 1957 is all around us: gas is 29.9 cents a gallon; bread is 19 cents a loaf; cars are curved and heavily chromed; people occasionally nod and smile at strangers; children carry hula hoops. In all, a gentler time. Caroline and Toby stride along briskly, as if they knew where they were going.
13) 1) dialog: ... find ourselves a cheap room someplace, we'll get you into school, I'll brush up on my typing and get a job, and things'll start looking up. I feel it: the good times are coming. And at least we're rid of that damn Nash Ambassador!
15) 0) text: Caroline and Toby exit.   Toby sullen; Caroline angry.
15) 2) dialog: Liar.
15) 4) dialog: If you care anything about me at all, you'll shut up.
15) 9) dialog: Look, don't you put that    on my back: I can't make your     father call you. I can't make     your brother write you. They     dumped you. Yes. But it's not      my fault.
16) 0) text: The place is pretty bleak: a room and a half, Murphy beds, linoleum floors, and a bath down the hall. Caroline and Toby enter. She pulls down the Murphy bed and falls onto it fully dressed, saying:
16) 1) dialog: My head is killing me. Toby heads for his room.
16) 3) dialog: What time is it?
16) 5) dialog: Why didn't you wake me?
16) 7) dialog: Hold your mother's hand.
16) 12) dialog: I know you are, honey. Ah, well -- it wasn't fire, and nobody bled, so I guess we're okay. The TELEPHONE RINGS and she answers it.   When she hears the VOICE on the other end she once again  touches her right cheekbone with a finger -- the spot  where the bruise had been. She sags back against a   wall.
16) 13) dialog: Yes... (listens)
16) 17) text: All right, yes... in an hour, then. Caroline hangs up.
16) 20) dialog: We've got a guest for dinner: it's Roy. He tracked us down. Toby groans and falls full-length onto the sofa.
17) 0) text: Caroline, Toby and ROY are eating at the tiny table. Roy is good-looking in a meaty, hairy-chested sort of way. Though he is on his very best behavior just now, there is a mean streak in him. Toby, delighted, holds a Winchester .22 rifle across his lap -- a peace-making gift from Roy.
17) 5) dialog: How do you know where I work?
17) 7) dialog: You followed me around?    For a week? Watching? Roy doesn't answer.   He just wiggles his eyebrows like Groucho Marx.
17) 8) dialog: And how did you ever find me? Again, Roy does the Groucho Marx.    He turns to Toby.
17) 12) dialog: Don't point that thing at anybody or I won't teach you to shoot.
17) 14) dialog: You heard me:    anybody or any thing.
17) 16) dialog: Don't make me speak to you again.
18) 0) text: Caroline and Roy are   kissing on the sofa, and he is all over her: his hands    are on her breasts, her thighs, everywhere. Aroused    in spite of herself, Caroline pull away, indicating the   light in the other room.
18) 1) dialog: Don't.   Toby's still up. Roy leans back, smiling, and eyes Caroline.
21) 0) text: Toby enters.   Four packed suitcases lie on the bed behin Caroline.
21) 3) dialog: We sure are.
21) 5) dialog: I don't know.    Got any suggestions?
21) 7) dialog: Good. I was thinking of Phoenix or Seattle -- lots of opportunities in both those places.
21) 12) dialog: Not if I can help it. I looked out the window at work today, and he was parked across the street, watching.
21) 14) dialog: You liked him well enough last night. (imitating Toby)
21) 18) dialog: Leave it.
21) 20) dialog: Leave it! They grab the four heavy suitcases and head out the door. Both of them are laughing.
22) 0) text: Caroline and Toby stand at a ticket counter, disappointed.
22) 6) dialog: What about Seattle?
23) 0) text: Toby and Caroline hurry onboard a Greyhound bus with Seattle as its destination.
23) 1) dialog: ... I've always had a good head for figures, and if I could get my C.P.A. license, I believe we could make a real go of it in Seattle. I'll advertise for roommates, and I bet we find us a real cute house to rent.
23) 3) dialog: Sure. Oh, honey, I feel a wind at my back: I think this is going to work out good.
23) 5) text: Yeah -- like heaven on a June day. The DOORS of the bus close. WHOOSH! The bus begins to move. Caroline and Toby's faces are at the window: Seattle or bust.
24) 4) dialog: ... and if you cut school again I'll just wear you out -- do you hear me? I'm tired of it!
29) 0) text: Caroline pirouettes for her two roommates, KATHY, a diffident, sweet-faced young woman, and MARIAN, a heavyset, loud, red-faced woman who eats compulsively from a package of oatmeal cookies. Both of the women ooh and aah over Caroline's dress.
29) 2) dialog: It does pick up the green, doesn't it?
29) 4) dialog: Yes, I think. He keeps talking about marriage, keeps saying he wants to meet Toby.
29) 6) dialog: I don't know if I want him -- She stops as Toby enters the kitchen.
29) 14) dialog: (to Toby)
29) 17) text: Dwiiiight. Duhhhhwight. Dwight-tah-h-h-h. Dwighttahhhhh. There is a KNOCK    on the front door. Toby sticks his he around the door,    looking into the living room. A man i outlined against    the sunset, only his black silhouette visible. It is     our first glimpse of DWIGHT. Has the man heard him?     Toby doesn't know for sure. Caroline brings Dwight into the kitchen.     He is older than her, an attractive-enough man. He     is well-built, has a full head of brown hair, and very    white teeth. Those are his good points. On the minus     side: his ove eagerness to please, his nervous smiles    and his clothe He wears two-tone shoes, a hand-painted    tie, and a monogrammed handkerchief, folded beyond    perfection, in the pocket. Caroline introduces him to Marian and Kathy.     Then she introduces Dwight to Toby. Dwight is all smiles.
29) 18) dialog: Would you like coffee before we go? Or a Coke?
29) 27) dialog: Oh, he wants to be called 'Jack.' It's so silly... ever since he read Jack London.
29) 29) text: I always say people can call me anything they want, long as they don't call me late for supper! Kathy and Marian think it's pretty funny.     They laugh. Caroline smiles. Toby just stares.
29) 35) dialog: (to Dwight, light)
29) 41) dialog: (to Toby; not so light)
29) 44) dialog: I did...
29) 52) dialog: Well, amazing: it can sit up and talk like a normal human being. (notices the time)
31) 0) text: Caroline is dressed casually. Toby has on a shirt and sweater. He is pretending that he's buck-toothed. Caroline finishes packing a small suitcase.
31) 1) dialog: I want you to be polite to Dwight this weekend.
31) 4) dialog: I mean it, now.
31) 7) dialog: Hey, c'mon, maybe the weekend'll be fun... maybe Concrete will be pretty.
31) 13) dialog: And stop that.
31) 16) dialog: Sometimes I could kill you as free as I could eat a bite.
31) 18) text: Ditto. A car stops and through a window, we see Dwight. Caroline turns to Toby.
31) 19) dialog: Please be nice. Toby stops the buck-toothed thing and speaks normally.
32) 0) text: We see Dwight driving his shiny Buick, Caroline and Toby beside him. As the CAMERA TRACKS the car with VARIOUS SHOTS, we hear:
33) 2) dialog: It's pitiful.     Awful.
35) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop; Dwight, Caroline, and Toby get out. The scenery is as beautiful as Dwight said it was.
36) 0) text: They enter and look around: well,     it's not awful, but it sure as hell isn't wonderful.     The room is dark, on the small side, and shows the lack    of a woman's hand. Caroline looks a bit taken aback,    but tries to hide it by saying the word "nice" over and    over. The CAMERA FOLLOWS them FROM room TO room:
37) 0) text: The business area is small and rather forlorn. The six of them walk in pairs -- Dwight and Caroline, Skipper and Norma, and last, Toby and Pearl. (Toby's eyes are glued to the movement of Norma's body.)
37) 6) dialog: (to Skipper and Norma)
37) 13) dialog: I didn't know you played an instrument, Dwight. What do you play?
37) 15) text: Sax.   Tenor sax. Skipper and Norma glance at each other, then look away. Caroline takes a cigarette from her purse. Again Dwight jumps to her service: we are once more treated to the mini-drama of Dwight unsheathing the Zippo from its velvet case, opening the top on his pants leg, etc.
37) 16) dialog: (back to Skipper and Norma)
38) 10) dialog: Dwight, you did tell him.
38) 12) text: I don't make the rules, Caroline. If I made the rules, I might make different ones, but I don't make the rules.
39) 0) text: A sullen Toby stands with Pearl. Dwight is giving his name and the entry fee to a MAN. As the Man moves away, Caroline stops him and holds out some money.
39) 1) dialog: Wolff.   Caroline Wolff.
39) 6) dialog: Well, that sign says this is an N.R.A. club, and I'm a dues-paying N.R.A. member. That gives me the right to participate in the activities of other chapters.
40) 0) text: The shooting match has begun. The contestants have ten turns to fire ten shots apiece at a large paper bull's-ey fifty yards away. The scores and rankings are on a portable scoreboard. A contestant finishes SHOOTING. There is a pause. Everyone watches as his score is raised from behind the concrete wall on which the bull's-eye hangs. The score comes:     84. There is a smattering of applause, and it's Dwight's turn. From his stance, Dwight looks as if he is a pretty good shot. He's nervous, though, because Caroline is going to shoot, and he squeezes off his TEN SHOTS in RAPID SUCCESSION, hardly pausing to breathe. A pause, and then his score is raised: 73. Dwight smiles an inappropriate smile and hands the Winchester to Caroline. There are a couple of whistles as Caroline takes her position, and someone in the crowd yells out, "Oh, Mama, shake that thang!" Caroline ignores it, taking her shooting stance, which is surprisingly graceful and professional-looking. She SHOOTS her TEN BULLETS, taking time to breathe once, deeply, between each shot. The pause, and her score is raised: 93. There is a moment of surprised silence, and then the crowd gives Caroline a sincere round of applause.
40) 6) dialog: (big smile)
40) 7) text: Then you won't feel too bad about carrying it home, will you? Several people laugh, and the Man, bested, turns away. Everyone turns quiet to watch the Man shoot. He is evidently the one who's nervous, though, for after he SHOOTS and waits, the score is raised: 95. There is an immediate stir -- Caroline can win if she shoots a virtually perfect round. Dwight's name is called. He takes his position, but clowns around, SHOOTING first left-handed, then right- handed, then with both eyes closed. His score is raised: 24. There is scattered laughter, and Dwight leads it -- hell, it's all a joke to him, his attitude says. Caroline takes her stance. Rock-steady, she SHOOTS her TEN SHOTS and waits. And then it comes: 98. She's won. The second-place Man wheels away angrily, but everyone else congratulates the laughing Caroline, as an official presents her with a small trophy of a gold rifle on a pedestal, and a huge ham. In the midst of the hubbub, Toby manages to get close enough to congratulate his mother. Caroline glances toward Dwight as she whispers to Toby:
40) 8) dialog: That was for you, honey.
40) 14) dialog: I'm a little behind in my dues -- Thirty-six years behind.
41) 0) text: Caroline, Toby and Pearl enter. Norma is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Dwight WALKS HEAVILY down the hall to his bedroom and SLAMS the DOOR.
43) 5) dialog: So what do you think?
43) 7) dialog: Some sort of infection.
43) 9) dialog: They're all nice, but Dwight keeps rushing me, keeps talking about marriage. And I don't really want to get married -- not now anyway.
43) 12) dialog: Oh, don't wish Duke back on me. God.
43) 14) dialog: Like King Midas. Okay, look, we'll go back to Seattle and see how things go. I've been thinking about taking a course in stenotyping. A court reporter's pay is real high. Kathy got engaged, so either I find us another roommate or I've got to make some more money. And this stenotyping thing sounds just right. This could turn out good, honey.
46) 0) text: Caroline, Toby, Marian and Kathy sit at the table eating dinner.
47) 0) text: The principal, MR. SHIPPY, sits behind his desk. Toby, looking scared, sits across from him. A secretary lets Caroline into the room. Mr. Shippy rises and introduces himself. Caroline doesn't respond to the introduction.
47) 1) dialog: What did he do?
47) 3) dialog: Can you say that in English?
47) 8) dialog: (to Toby)
47) 13) dialog: What obscene words?
47) 16) dialog: That's one obscene word. Mr. Shippy looks stymied.   There is a pause.
47) 27) text: ... a Nash Ambassador. Caroline gives a bark of laughter. She brings out a handkerchief and coughs, as if she has a cold. Mr. Shippy looks puzzled.
48) 0) text: Caroline and Toby enter the house. Caroline goes into the bedroom, shuts the door. Toby sits on the couch.
48) 2) dialog: So what shall we do?
48) 4) dialog: Ever since Duke and I got divorced, you're a different boy. I know he never calls you and I could kill him for it -- but that's how Duke is. And Gregory's in Princeton now, so I guess... (refocusing)
48) 11) dialog: Yes, you do. You steal from Marian's purse -- I just can't handle you anymore, and it scares me. I don't know what to do. So, you tell me what to do.
48) 15) text: What about that stenotyping thing you were gonna do? With peculiar intensity, Caroline speaks in a soft, odd voice:
48) 16) dialog: It won't happen. It won't happen. It won't happen. Things aren't going to turn out well, things aren't going to start looking up, and it's never going to be like heaven on a June day. There is no uranium. There is no stenotyping. There is no C.P.A. license. There isn't... She stands for a few moments as if listening for a far-off sound.
48) 17) dialog: ... I talked to Dwight: after Christmas, he wants you to come up to Concrete and live with him for a few months -- go to school there.
48) 19) dialog: If you two can get along, if it works out, then I guess he and I might get married.
48) 23) dialog: I can't think of anything else to do. But first I want your approval. Again the two stare at each other.
49) 0) text: Christmas is over: a few scattered pieces of wrapping paper lie scattered on the floor, and a small Christmas tree with bubble-lights glows in a corner. Caroline shuts a suitcase and looks at Toby.
49) 1) dialog: I put in both your sweaters. You wear them now, the nights are so chilly up there.
49) 3) dialog: You don't have to go if you don't want to, honey.
50) 0) text: Dwights hustles    the bags into the trunk, tells Toby to kiss his mother,    and hops into the car, all smiles, al cheeriness. The     Buick pulls away, leaving Caroline white-faced and    miserable.
57) 8) text: And your rich Daddy Warbucks and your Princeton brother don't give a shit about you, 'cause Caroline told me they haven't even written in over two years. So it looks like I'm all you got now -- it's just you and me. Feels sort of inevitable, doesn't it, hotshot? It's like we were fated for each other, like I'm the one guy on Earth could set you straight. And don't you ever think I won't enjoy doing it, 'cause...
57) 11) dialog: Dear Toby, I sure do miss you, honey -- the house is like a tomb since you left. So quiet. My only entertainment tonight was watching Marian eat a whole pint of ice cream. I hope you're liking it up in Concrete. I just know you'll try hard in school and be good and mind Dwight. I worry about you so much, and I hope this will be just what you need. 55   C)   (DAY)   Toby rubs futilely at his yellow hands a cloth  and watches Norma, who is drying her hair in her  bedroom. She bends over so her head is in a patch  of sunlight. Toby is riveted by the girl and her  hair gleaming in the sunlight.
57) 17) dialog: Dear Toby, Just a note before going to bed. Dwight tells me that the two of you are getting along like a house afire. I'm so glad. I wanted this to work out for you. You left your sock cap here. Do you need it...?
62) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls up and Caroline bursts out the front door. She runs to the car and hugs Toby.
62) 1) dialog: Oh, I missed you!
62) 3) dialog: You look good.     How are you?
62) 5) dialog: I said to hell with the budget and bought a roast. I made dumplings -- God, what's wrong with your hands?
62) 7) dialog: I hope so.   My, your hair's short.
63) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline and Marian are having a drink. Toby plays FATS DOMINO'S "Blue Monday" on the RADIO, the VOLUME LOW.
63) 10) text: ... though he does concentrate too much on the easy ones, like the one for dental hygiene... (to Caroline)
63) 11) text: ... and we had snowcream one night, and, oh, just lots of stuff. Caroline glances at Toby, then at Dwight, then back again.
64) 0) text: Toby and Caroline walk slowly, idly down the rail tracks. Toby avoids her eyes.
64) 1) dialog: How is it in Concrete?
64) 3) dialog: School?
64) 5) dialog: You haven't been in any trouble? (as he shakes his head)
64) 8) dialog: Stop that, honey.
64) 10) dialog: (stops walking)
64) 16) dialog: You swear?   You act odd.
64) 18) dialog: Well, good. I'd feel awful if it hadn't worked out. A pause.
64) 19) dialog: I told Dwight I'd marry him. In two weeks. I don't know what else to do. I mean, he's been helping me with the rent since Kathy left. And you need a father. I think it's the best thing all the way around -- what d'you think? There is a pause as they look at each other.
64) 21) dialog: I think it's the best thing, too. Caroline smiles, smooths his hair, then goes into the house. Toby continues to walk. Suddenly, he spins around and tears out toward the house. By God, he'll tell her just what's been going on. He bangs through the front door and up the stairs.
65) 0) text: Toby stops dead as he sees Dwight and Caroline locked in a busy kiss. He stops dead and shrinks back into the hallway, defeated.
68) 0) text: Skipper and Norma are carrying Caroline's suitcases into the house from Dwight's Buick. From inside the house we hear a WOMAN'S LAUGHTER.
69) 0) text: Caroline is trying to stifle her laughter, as she stares at the wilderness of white. Dwight and Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl all stand watch.
69) 4) dialog: Oh! Oh, I'm so sorry... don't know what's the matter with me... you're right... it does look clean... But she can't stop laughing.    Her laughter has just a tinge of hysteria.
70) 0) text: Dwight and Caroline are being married. Caroline wears a pale blue suit, and Dwight looks good in a navy single- breasted. Aside from Toby and Dwight's children, the only guests are Marian, Kathy, and three people we haven't seen before -- friends of Dwight's.
71) 0) text: The bed is a rat's nest of twisted sheets as Dwight   and Caroline make love. He takes his lips away from Caroline's breast and moves so that his head is at   the bottom of the bed. Holding her foot up, he kisses    the instep, then runs his tongue over the same spot and   the down under the arch of her foot. A sexy scene.
71) 2) dialog: Oh, Dwight, not like that.    Not this time -- not tonight.
71) 4) dialog: But I want to see your face while we make love.
71) 10) dialog: You mean you don't like to make love face to face?
71) 13) dialog: You mean ever? Dwight murmurs an assent.    Caroline is appalled.
71) 14) dialog: But that's grotesque...
71) 16) text: Look, you can get it doggie-style or you can get it laying on your side -- those are your only choices. This is my house, and I get to say. Wherever McGinty sits is the head of the table, you know? Disgusted, Caroline turns back away from Dwight. He shifts down on the bed a few inches, again preparing to enter her.
72) 0) text: Toby is eating toast at the kitchen table. Norma has made a big breakfast, and she hurriedly pours the coffee when she hears Dwight and Caroline's bedroom DOOR OPEN.
72) 6) dialog: Don't.
72) 8) dialog: Stop it.
74) 0) text: Caroline is painting the white walls a soothing buff color.  On the sofa lie half-finished curtains she's making.  She is totally focused. She hears Toby, turns, sees his filthy clothes. Her shoulders sag.
74) 1) dialog: I won't do it, you know. I won't be a referee between the two of you.
74) 3) dialog: You both do. You do. Just by coming home like this you ask me to take your side when he raises hell.
74) 8) dialog: Well, the answer's 'No.' I'm going to make this marriage work. No fights.
74) 10) dialog: (to herself)
78) 0) text: Caroline is on the telephone, her voice low. (Behind her, through a doorway, we can see Dwight and Toby boxing.)
78) 4) dialog: ... not good, to tell you the truth not good at all. (listens)
80) 0) text: Dwight and Caroline lie on the bed, kissing passionately. It is clear that Caroline is as excited as Dwight.
80) 4) dialog: I know you may think this is silly, Dwight, but it seems like... I don't know, like an emblem or something. I want to be able to see your face when we make love. How else can we be cl -- The rest of the word is jerked out of her as Dwight turns her onto her side, away from him, and proceeds to make love again in his favorite manner.
80) 9) text: That's awful, I guess. I don't feel that way, but close. My pretty thing... We see that Caroline realizes the enormity of her mistake.
81) 0) text: Smoking a cigarette and wearing a nightgown, Caroline walks to the front door. She opens the front door and stands looking out. Then she puts her finger on the door and slowly pushes it shut with one finger. She does this once more. Then she does it again. She turns, walks toward Toby's room.
82) 0) text: Caroline enters and stands by Toby's bed. She bends over the boy and she starts to touch his hair, decides not to. She stares at Toby for a few beats.
83) 0) text: Caroline enters, looks down at the sleeping Dwight. She gets back into the bed and Dwight throws a sleepy hand over her. Caroline hesitates, but forces herself to put a hand over Dwight's.
84) 0) text: THROUGH a window, Dwight, dressed in his coveralls, leaves for work. Caroline is sewing on a machine whilst Toby leans against the kitchen sink.
84) 2) dialog: (never stops sewing)
84) 5) dialog: He won't. He says he'll keep it for when you really need it.
84) 11) dialog: You remind me of a baby bird -- you know those frantic little things with their mouths wide open, wanting, wanting.
84) 13) dialog: I'm not a referee. I won't do it.
84) 15) dialog: Well, I'll tell you what    the bride will do: the bride will     get up and walk over there and    slap hell out of the bride's son.     Now does the bride's son want his    face slapped?
84) 17) dialog: I don't have another 'get up and go' left in me! You understand? I'm telling you I've hit a god- damn wall. I can't run anymore. Now this whole thing isn't perfect for me, either... let me impress that on you real strong, okay? I don't wake up singing every morning. But I'm going to make this marriage work -- I won't join in any fights, you got that? I won't even raise my voice! Caroline points to the sink.
84) 18) dialog: See those two roses? He picked them for me on his way home last night.
84) 23) dialog: I'm trying to concentrate on the good stuff. Norma appears in the kitchen door, wearing her cap and gown. She strikes a pose.
84) 26) dialog: (lamely)
84) 27) text: Seriously: you have to concentrate on the good stuff. Caroline turns her attention back to the curtains.
85) 1) text: "The Lawrence Welk Show" is ON the TELEVISION. Dwight, Caroline, Skipper, Norma and Pearl and Toby watch an Irish tenor sing a lugubrious ballad. Dwight stands in a corner of the room, his saxophone to his lips. He's playing along with the MUSIC, but silently. Occasionally he gets overcome and accidentally causes the saxophone to squawk. The Irish ballad ends, and Lawrence Welk's Champagne Orchestra strikes up a lively polka. Dwight takes a sip of his drink and grabs Caroline, pulls her to her feet, and begins to dance with her. A polka can be a decorous, contained dance. He dances Caroline vigorously around the living room, out into the kitchen, around the table, and then back again. Dwight is really good, and Caroline matches him every step of the way. Skipper turns the  VOLUME UP and Dwight kicks the dance into an even higher, wilder gear: The kids clap on the beat, the two whirl and stamp and spin.
85) 5) dialog: (breathy)
86) 19) text: Oh, Dad! Skipper leaves the room. Caroline sits down, begins to try various materials as coverings for the pillows.
86) 23) text: Why don't you ever help me straighten that boy out? Caroline doesn't even look up. She threads a needle and begins to sew. Whilst Dwight paces around the room.
86) 42) dialog: Oh. Dwight and Toby glance at each other nervously.      What is this?
86) 43) dialog: (her eyes still on her sewing; soft)
86) 46) dialog: (louder)
86) 49) dialog: 
86) 51) dialog: I.    Will.   Not. Referee.
86) 53) text: Jack, I think you've made your mother nervous, so why don't we just go on to Scouts and let her rest? (to Caroline)
96) 0) text: Toby sits on the front stoop. Caroline approaches carrying groceries. She notices Toby's expression.
96) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
96) 3) dialog: All right.    Okay, Dwight. You stay here.    Don't come inside. Toby nods.   Caroline heads inside, loaded for bear.
97) 4) dialog: (calm)
97) 7) dialog: Get his rifle back.
97) 9) dialog: Get his rifle back.
98) 0) text: Caroline walks to Toby, sits next to him on the stoop.
98) 1) dialog: Well, I did it -- and the bride didn't even raise her voice: he says he'll get the rifle back as soon as the guy who sold him the dog sends the papers. Toby nods.   Caroline looks up at the evening sky and the shrugs.
98) 5) dialog: 'Course, having seen that dog, I wouldn't suggest you hang by your thumbs 'til those papers come. I mean, that dog is ugly. Toby gives her a dirty look, but Caroline's smile makes Toby grin.
98) 6) dialog: That's nice -- I haven't seen a real smile out of you in a month.
98) 8) dialog: 'Start over.' Do you know how many times I've started over, sweetheart? I don't want to do it anymore. This is as far as I want to go. This place. I have to make this work somehow. We do. You're fourteen now -- you have to help me.
98) 10) dialog: But me no buts, honey. I told you: I've hit a wall. And besides, it's not so bad here, if you just try to --
98) 12) dialog: Seriously, though: give the place a chance. Give him a chance.
98) 19) dialog: Well, look on the bright side... You got a dog. In spite of his disappointment over the rifle, in spite of all that Caroline had said about staying with Dwight, Toby is happy to see Caroline completely back to her old self again, joking with him. He grins and, with the palm of his hand, he gives her shoulder a gentle shove. She returns the gesture. And the two of them sit on the steps, staring into the twilight.
114) 0) text: Caroline is watching a newscast of John Kennedy and Harry Truman at a press conference outside Truman's Missouri office. She hears Toby, turns to him. We see that the last two years have marked her. She's changed. Her expression is fixed, almost as if she were wearing a mask. Even the words are cheerful, but some of the old optimism is gone.
114) 1) dialog: Oh, honey, good news -- Truman's going to campaign for him. (lowers her voice)
115) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline, Toby and Pearl sit at the table, eat- ing. Champ sits by Dwight's chair -- obviously his dog. Dwight seems unchanged by the two years. Just now, Dwight is in the middle of telling another of his "Dwight Is The Best" stories. From the bored faces around the table, this is another in a long series.
115) 2) dialog: I heard Kennedy on the news again tonight -- I don't know: I hate the Democrats and the Republicans, but then once in a while somebody comes along who doesn't seem like... (she searches)
115) 5) dialog: He gives me hope.
115) 10) dialog: (laughs)
115) 14) dialog: Oh, Rickyyy! (louder; same whine)
115) 17) dialog: Well, you treat me like Lucy, I'll act like her. I'll be working for Kennedy's campaign.
118) 0) text: Toby exits the bathroom, then sees Caroline in a doorway. She's heard it all. They look intently at each other. Toby nods and walks on down the hall.
123) 0) text: Toby enters the small office where Caroline is running hundreds of flyers on a duplicating machine. Surprised she sees Toby's expression.
123) 1) dialog: What is it?
123) 4) dialog: Would a prep school take you with, uh, your school record?
123) 6) dialog: When are the tests?
123) 8) dialog: You'll be there.
123) 10) dialog: You'll be there!
126) 0) text: Caroline turns as Toby gets into the car.
126) 1) dialog: How was it?
127) 0) text: Dwight sits at the table, a drink in his hand. Caroline hurriedly prepares dinner. She tosses a milk carton into a brimming waste basket, then speaks to Toby, who enters the room.
127) 1) dialog: Take that trash out for me, honey. Toby grabs the trash and exits.
129) 0) text: Toby walks in, fans out the four envelopes, speaks to Caroline.
129) 3) dialog: You've always got your nose pressed up against the bake shop window, don't you, Dwight?
129) 5) dialog: You feel like everybody else is inside, and you're stuck on the outside. It turns you mean. It turns you ugly. And one day do you hear me, Dwight? One day all that ugliness is going to snap back and hit you in the face.
135) 0) text: Toby lies in bed reading the paper. He still holds his hand in the air (the white bandage is now dingy). Caroline appears in the doorway.
135) 1) dialog: Come help me stuff envelopes.
135) 3) dialog: No, I need to take them with me.
135) 8) dialog: Boy, you irritate me. (new tone)
138) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline and Toby read the papers.   Caroline notices Toby's sad face.
138) 1) dialog: Maybe that last school will come through.
140) 0) text: Dwight is listening to a PERRY COMO ALBUM.     Caroline a Pearl work on a jigsaw puzzle. Toby enters     the kitche coming from his paper route. He puts down     his paper s and immediately puts on his black bow tie,    preparing t go to the A&amp;P.
140) 5) dialog: (to Toby)
143) 34) dialog: (level)
143) 35) text: Get away from him or I will kill you. Toby manages to stand up, Caroline speaks to both of them
143) 36) dialog: What is this?
143) 46) text: That's right. I spent it as you made it. It's gone. Poof. Toby starts for Dwight again. Caroline grabs him, saying, "No. No. No," over and over, literally dragging Toby away from Dwight. Caroline looks at Dwight.
143) 47) dialog: It's not so much that you're disappointing -- it's that you're consistently disappointing.
143) 49) dialog: He's just a friend.
143) 55) dialog: I don't, do I?
143) 57) dialog: I could leave with you, couldn't
143) 61) dialog: I could just walk right out that door, couldn't I?
143) 63) dialog: My God... the lightness.
143) 65) dialog: I'm leaving, too.
143) 67) dialog: Oh, Dwight, why do you want me to stay? You don't even like me, not really.
143) 69) dialog: (gentle)
144) 0) text: Caroline and Toby slow to a walk after running, laughing, and catch their breaths.
144) 1) dialog: Man, oh man.
144) 3) dialog: Well, we're out.
144) 5) dialog: Yes. It's great. And you got the scholarship! Congratulations, honey.
144) 10) text: Heaven on a June day! Caroline's smile becomes fixed during Toby's speech and she begins to regard him oddly.
144) 11) dialog: (weakly)
144) 14) dialog: Oh, Helen found me something in a real estate office, but...
144) 17) text: What? Oh, don't cry -- he's not worth it. As sad as she is, Caroline smiles...
144) 19) dialog: My you've grown, haven't you. Then clutches him to her fiercely.   Smiling, the two walk on through the sunny afternoon, singing softly to each other.
145) 0) text: Caroline and Toby stand next to a bus as the driver STARTS the ENGINE. She is close to tears.
145) 1) dialog: Are you sure you'll be all right?
145) 4) dialog: (stuffing bills into his pocket)