29) 15) text: Oh, it's nothing -- we were talking about Dwight. I told you about Dwight.
29) 17) text: Dwiiiight. Duhhhhwight. Dwight-tah-h-h-h. Dwighttahhhhh. There is a KNOCK    on the front door. Toby sticks his he around the door,    looking into the living room. A man i outlined against    the sunset, only his black silhouette visible. It is     our first glimpse of DWIGHT. Has the man heard him?     Toby doesn't know for sure. Caroline brings Dwight into the kitchen.     He is older than her, an attractive-enough man. He     is well-built, has a full head of brown hair, and very    white teeth. Those are his good points. On the minus     side: his ove eagerness to please, his nervous smiles    and his clothe He wears two-tone shoes, a hand-painted    tie, and a monogrammed handkerchief, folded beyond    perfection, in the pocket. Caroline introduces him to Marian and Kathy.     Then she introduces Dwight to Toby. Dwight is all smiles.
29) 19) dialog: You know, I believe I could stand a cup of java.
29) 23) dialog: So you're Toby.
29) 25) dialog: You're not Toby?
29) 28) dialog: Well, I'll call him anything he wants. (to Toby, confidential)
29) 30) dialog: So, Jack, you like school?
29) 42) text: You straighten up and be polite, you hear me? Dwight takes a swallow of the coffee.     His eyes widen.
29) 43) dialog: Who made this?
29) 45) dialog: Well, well, well, all I can say is that you people are pretty lucky to live in a house where -- oh. Marian puts a cigarette into her mouth. Dwight jumps up, pulls a velvet case from his pocket and extracts a mono- grammed Zippo. He snaps open the top of the lighter against his leg, and holds the flame in front of Marian's face. She lights her cigarette. Then Dwight perform the Zippo drama in reverse. What a conversation stopper.     Finally, Kathy speaks to Toby.
29) 47) dialog: Aw, you'll love it. Great air, great water. For scenery, all you have to do is step outside your front door and open your eyes. And there's a turkey shoot Thanksgiving Day. Your mom said you might like it, so I signed you up. Toby sits up, eager.
29) 53) text: Dwight, we're going to be late. She grabs her coat (which Dwight jumps up to hold for her) and they exit. As Dwight leaves he kisses his hand, then throws the kiss toward Marian and Kathy. The instant the front door slams:
31) 18) text: Ditto. A car stops and through a window, we see Dwight. Caroline turns to Toby.
32) 0) text: We see Dwight driving his shiny Buick, Caroline and Toby beside him. As the CAMERA TRACKS the car with VARIOUS SHOTS, we hear:
32) 1) dialog: ... air like wine at my place, and I don't mind saying I wouldn't live anywhere else, and that's the God's honest truth. There's good schools, honest people, and some of the best fishing in the world. Ted Williams -- you like baseball, Toby? That is, Jack, I mean -- you like baseball? 'Cause Ted Williams, whom I believe is one of the all-time greats, is also a world-class angler. Many's the day he and I've talked over the best way to get a fish to say yes to a hook.
32) 6) dialog: (a beat)
33) 1) dialog: They always show you salmon fighting to get upstream, but they never show you what they look like when they get there. Her face strained, Caroline leans over for a closer look. The salmon swim in slow, stunned circles, some with an eye missing or hanging by a membrane, a hideous sight.
33) 3) dialog: They'll spawn, and then they'll die. They're dying now. As Toby and Caroline move to the passenger side of the car, Toby speaks so Dwight can't hear:
34) 4) dialog: So here we go. Welcome to Concrete. Dwight's home sweet home. Finest people in the whole state of Washington, you ask me. Lots of churches, too. A neighbor of mine says, "Looking for nice churches, come to Concrete. Looking for sin, go to hell." I think that's funny... Caroline and Toby are severely underimpressed with their first impression of Concrete.
35) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop; Dwight, Caroline, and Toby get out. The scenery is as beautiful as Dwight said it was.
35) 1) dialog: All the houses are converted Army barracks, made into duplexes -- Three children exit the    house. SKIPPER, a pleasant boy who is average in every    way, is 17. NORMA is 18, slow- spoken and sensual, Toby    cannot take his eyes off her. The third is PEARL, two    years younger than Toby. Pearl has a bald spot the size    of a dollar, high on the side her head.
35) 2) dialog: Well. Let's see here. Kids, this is my pretty friend, Caroline Wolff, and her boy To...
35) 7) dialog: (he catches himself)
36) 1) dialog: Okay, so that was the living room; over here is the kitchen -- I plan on getting all new fixtures in here -- and down that hall are the three bedrooms and the bath. He stops at an extra, no-particular-purpose, nondescript room furnished only by two easy chairs and a card table.
36) 2) dialog: This is sort of a lounging area. (as nobody says anything)
36) 4) dialog: ... lounge. Skipper snorts with laughter, but cuts it off when Dwight gives him a look. Toby, trying to be good, bites his lip to keep from laughing.
37) 0) text: The business area is small and rather forlorn. The six of them walk in pairs -- Dwight and Caroline, Skipper and Norma, and last, Toby and Pearl. (Toby's eyes are glued to the movement of Norma's body.)
37) 4) dialog: (about a gas station)
37) 10) dialog: Not that isolated.
37) 12) dialog: Aw, there's plenty to do in Concrete if you kids would take a little initiative. When I was growing up we didn't have T.V. -- we used our imaginations. We read the classics. We played musical instruments. You show me a bored kid, I'll show you a lazy kid.
37) 14) dialog: (one-half second's hesitation)
37) 15) text: Sax.   Tenor sax. Skipper and Norma glance at each other, then look away. Caroline takes a cigarette from her purse. Again Dwight jumps to her service: we are once more treated to the mini-drama of Dwight unsheathing the Zippo from its velvet case, opening the top on his pants leg, etc.
37) 23) dialog: It's a few miles downriver.
37) 25) dialog: Come off it -- it's not that far.
37) 27) dialog: Ah, you'd bellyache if the goddam school was in your fugging back yard. Just shut your god- damn pie-hole. They all shut their pie-holes. The six walk in a tense, uncomfortable silence for five full beats. Then Pearl tries to help out:
38) 0) text: Dwight has recovered his good mood. Dressed in a marksman's coat with a padded shoulder, Dwight is laughin as he attempts to assemble Toby's Winchester .22.
38) 4) dialog: 'Turkey shoot' is just a figure of speech.
38) 6) dialog: No, it's just regulation paper targets. It's a test of skill. (a beat)
38) 9) dialog: I know, but they got it all screwed up somehow and told me wrong at first. Toby starts to argue, but Caroline touches his arm.
38) 11) dialog: (an edge)
39) 0) text: A sullen Toby stands with Pearl. Dwight is giving his name and the entry fee to a MAN. As the Man moves away, Caroline stops him and holds out some money.
40) 0) text: The shooting match has begun. The contestants have ten turns to fire ten shots apiece at a large paper bull's-ey fifty yards away. The scores and rankings are on a portable scoreboard. A contestant finishes SHOOTING. There is a pause. Everyone watches as his score is raised from behind the concrete wall on which the bull's-eye hangs. The score comes:     84. There is a smattering of applause, and it's Dwight's turn. From his stance, Dwight looks as if he is a pretty good shot. He's nervous, though, because Caroline is going to shoot, and he squeezes off his TEN SHOTS in RAPID SUCCESSION, hardly pausing to breathe. A pause, and then his score is raised: 73. Dwight smiles an inappropriate smile and hands the Winchester to Caroline. There are a couple of whistles as Caroline takes her position, and someone in the crowd yells out, "Oh, Mama, shake that thang!" Caroline ignores it, taking her shooting stance, which is surprisingly graceful and professional-looking. She SHOOTS her TEN BULLETS, taking time to breathe once, deeply, between each shot. The pause, and her score is raised: 93. There is a moment of surprised silence, and then the crowd gives Caroline a sincere round of applause.
40) 7) text: Then you won't feel too bad about carrying it home, will you? Several people laugh, and the Man, bested, turns away. Everyone turns quiet to watch the Man shoot. He is evidently the one who's nervous, though, for after he SHOOTS and waits, the score is raised: 95. There is an immediate stir -- Caroline can win if she shoots a virtually perfect round. Dwight's name is called. He takes his position, but clowns around, SHOOTING first left-handed, then right- handed, then with both eyes closed. His score is raised: 24. There is scattered laughter, and Dwight leads it -- hell, it's all a joke to him, his attitude says. Caroline takes her stance. Rock-steady, she SHOOTS her TEN SHOTS and waits. And then it comes: 98. She's won. The second-place Man wheels away angrily, but everyone else congratulates the laughing Caroline, as an official presents her with a small trophy of a gold rifle on a pedestal, and a huge ham. In the midst of the hubbub, Toby manages to get close enough to congratulate his mother. Caroline glances toward Dwight as she whispers to Toby:
41) 0) text: Caroline, Toby and Pearl enter. Norma is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Dwight WALKS HEAVILY down the hall to his bedroom and SLAMS the DOOR.
42) 0) text: Though there are some occasional sentences like    "Could have the potatoes, please?" or "This dressing is    reall delicious," mostly there is just silence and the    noise of SILVERWARE ON PLATES. Dwight is working hard     on th wine.
42) 1) dialog: I got just one thing to say. (as everyone stiffens)
49) 5) dialog: Here I am, you lucky people!
50) 0) text: Dwights hustles    the bags into the trunk, tells Toby to kiss his mother,    and hops into the car, all smiles, al cheeriness. The     Buick pulls away, leaving Caroline white-faced and    miserable.
51) 0) text: Dwight    takes a pull from a pint bottle of whiskey and gives    Toby a sneering, contemptuous look. Toby reaches over,    SNAPS ON the RADIO. Immediately Dwight SNAPS IT off.     Then, in the headlight's glare, Toby sees a dark shape.
51) 2) dialog: Go get it -- the pelt's worth fifty bucks, minimum.
51) 4) dialog: (low)
52) 0) text: Toby moves to where the dead beaver lies on its back, its eyes open, in the red glow of the taillights. Toby picks the thing up and lugs it back toward Dwight, who has the trunk open.
53) 0) text: Dwight is still drinking, between swallows, he gives Toby sneering glances. Dwight is driving very fast. The road begins a series of curves. Dwight doesn't slow down, and the TIRES begin to SCREAM on the curves. The road runs along a steep gorge. Dwight increases the speed, and the car begins to fishtail.
53) 2) dialog: Sick to your stomach?   A hotshot like you?
53) 7) dialog: That's what I hear. I hear you're a real hotshot. Come and go where you please, do what you please. Isn't that right? Yeah, regular man about town. Performer, too. That right, Jack? You a performer?
53) 9) dialog: That's a goddamned lie. Dwight keeps glancing from the road to Toby, and back again.
53) 10) dialog: If there's one thing I can't stomach, it's a liar.
53) 12) dialog: Sure you are. You or Marian. Is Marian a liar? She says you're quite the little performer. Is that a lie? You tell me that's a lie and we'll drive back to Seattle so you can call her a liar to her face. You want me to do that?
53) 14) dialog: Then you must be the one's a liar, right? (as Toby nods)
53) 17) dialog: You guess? You guess? Let's see your act. Go on. Do your act. (when Toby is silent)
53) 23) dialog: Sure you can.
53) 25) dialog: Do me.     I hear you do me. Again Toby shakes his head, and then gasps as the CAR SKIDS hideously close to the cliff's edge. Dwight is oblivious to the danger.
53) 26) dialog: Yeah, I hear you're good at doing me. Here. Do me with the lighter. Go on. Take it. Dwight holds out the velvet-covered Zippo, driving with one hand, and the car is all over the road. Dwight puts the lighter back into his pocket. The car slows a bit.
53) 27) dialog: Hotshot. You pull that hotshot stuff around me and I'll break every bone in your body. You understand me? (a beat)
54) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop as Norma, Skipper and Pearl come out to meet them. Dwight is calmer now.
54) 1) dialog: Skipper, go get that washtub out back, and Pearl, bring the hose around and fill it up. Hotshot and me hit a beaver. We'll salt him down. Skipper and Pearl move out on the run. Dwight slits the beaver from throat to testicles, guts it, then pulls the skin off.
54) 5) dialog: I know you think you're better than me. Caroline told me all about your rich daddy and your prep-school brother, but your fancy days are over: you're a Concrete boy now. I'm gonna give you a big injection of Concrete. That's right -- inoculate you. Oh, my, yes. You're gonna find out that in Concrete we have to be able to do more than sing Fats Domino songs, we work... Skipper and Pearl bring the tub with four blue stars painted on its side, Dwight plops the skinned beaver into the water. The hairless carcass stands in the tub, its chin on the edge. Pearl shudders and turns away.
55) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Norma, Skipper and Pearl are eating dinner at the kitchen table. Norma speaks to Toby.
55) 5) dialog: Speaking of changing, I had a talk with Jack on the way up here, and he says he wants to be a better boy. And that's good, 'cause things weren't going well for him in Seattle: the police actually came to his house to talk to Caroline about him. Uh-huh, the police.
55) 11) dialog: So here's what I think: I think idle hands are the devil's workshop, and so I found our Jack a little something to do. (to Toby)
55) 15) dialog: That's what I like to hear. Okay, you guys get these dishes cleaned up. Let's show Jack how we do it in Concrete.
57) 0) text: The room is dark. Skipper is asleep. Toby lies in a cot. Dwight leans against the wall near the head of Toby's bed. He speaks in a low, reasonable voice:
57) 1) dialog: ... 'cause I don't believe that crap, you know? I believe there is such a thing as a bad boy -- bad clear through. And it's gonna be my job to turn you around, to kill or cure. Kill. Or. Cure. Understand? And I'm up to the job, oh yes, believe me, hotshot, I am ready, willing and able to take you on -- you and that jibagoo music you like to sing. I'm just the guy to knock that music out of your head and put in some respect and obedience. (a pause)
57) 2) text: Now your mother has just about washed her hands of you -- that's obvious, 'cause she's shipped you off up here. I mean, she has had it with you. She told me: she said 'Dwight, I just can't handle him anymore.' So don't go crying to Mama, 'cause Mama won't listen. Mama is sick to death of her baby boy.
57) 7) dialog: (a beat)
58) 4) dialog: Open the hell up! I got us a treat! Pearl opens the door revealing a beaming Dwight holding two dishpans piled high with snow. We see through the doorway that the sun is shining and there isn't snow anywhere.
59) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl are enjoying the snowcream.
59) 1) dialog: ... heard there was a fresh snow this morning, so I drove up to the mountains. I stopped in a field where it was all clean. I was finished packing it up high when somebody said... (prissy voice)
59) 6) dialog: She was!
59) 11) dialog: I didn't say nothin' -- I ran. Everybody laughs again.    They eat in silence for a beat
59) 12) dialog: I'm gonna get you a Scout uniform, Jack.
59) 19) dialog: I'm getting one for me, too. Don't believe in doing anything halfway. If you're serious about the Scouts... (as Toby nods)
59) 20) text: ... then I want you to do it right. We'll do it right together. Dwight takes out a magazine entitled Boy's Life.    He hands it to Toby.
59) 21) dialog: I got you a subscription to this. I'll take the price out of your paper route money.
59) 23) dialog: It's the official Scout magazine. Tells about what it means to be a Scout, what kind of boy you need to be, and, oh, about merit badges and stuff like that. Toby opens the book at random, reads from it.
59) 25) dialog: Hell, yes, you could. You're a bright kid. I want this Scout thing done right, okay? Toby nods, enthusiastic, happy.
60) 5) dialog: The hell you say.
60) 7) dialog: You're gonna shit and fall back in it -- that's all you're gonna do. Now get out here.
61) 0) text: As Pearl watches Dwight also stands in front of a mirror, adjusting his hat. He is resplendent in a brand-new Scout uniform. Toby stalks into the room. Pearl laughs loudly.
61) 1) dialog: (to Pearl)
61) 5) dialog: You act like an idiot, you look fine.
61) 7) dialog: I said I'd try to get you a new uniform. Beside, this one is new -- new to you.
61) 12) dialog: Oh piss and moan -- all you can do is piss and moan.
61) 14) dialog: They didn't have second-hand uniforms in my size.
61) 16) dialog: And what're you gonna tell Caroline this weekend? You gonna say you wouldn't join the Scouts because... him didn't wike his widdle uniform? Dwight picks up the copy of Boy's Life and thumbs through it, He reads:
61) 17) dialog: 'No boy given over to dissipation or negativity can stand the gaff. He quickly tires and gives up. He is the type who usually lacks courage at the crucial moment. He cannot take punishment and come back smiling.' Dwight looks at Toby expectantly.   Toby hesitates, then gives up.
61) 19) dialog: Hotshot, you don't know it yet, but me and Concrete are in your blood. We're going to make a man of you yet -- and in years to come you'll thank me. You'll remember me. Me and Concrete.
62) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls up and Caroline bursts out the front door. She runs to the car and hugs Toby.
63) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline and Marian are having a drink. Toby plays FATS DOMINO'S "Blue Monday" on the RADIO, the VOLUME LOW.
63) 3) dialog: Oh, we have us some pretty good times. Don't we, Jack? Have us some good times? Toby, not looking away from the radio, nods.
63) 4) dialog: We go to the Scouts together every week. He's got a good start already on merit badges...
63) 9) dialog: (to Toby)
63) 11) text: ... and we had snowcream one night, and, oh, just lots of stuff. Caroline glances at Toby, then at Dwight, then back again.
64) 6) text: Good. How're you and Dwight?
65) 0) text: Toby stops dead as he sees Dwight and Caroline locked in a busy kiss. He stops dead and shrinks back into the hallway, defeated.
67) 0) text: Tarpaulins are everywhere. Toby stands surrounded by seven five-gallon cans of paint. Carrying paintbrushes, Dwight enters, dressed in old clothes singing "In The Still Of The Night."
67) 1) dialog: Now that's a song. Not all this Elvis Presley shit. Elvis sings about like I do brain surgery. He imitates Elvis -- moves his hips slightly and sings a few notes:
67) 2) dialog: '... uh-huh-huh, my blue suede shoes.' Dwight gives Toby a flash of his teeth and Toby smiles back.
67) 3) dialog: Let's get this place ready for Caroline. They begin painting.   After only a few strokes, though, Toby looks doubtful.
67) 8) dialog: I got a good deal on this paint. (stands back; appraises)
67) 11) dialog: What?   I like it. It looks clean.
67) 23) dialog: Sort of stands out, doesn't it?
68) 0) text: Skipper and Norma are carrying Caroline's suitcases into the house from Dwight's Buick. From inside the house we hear a WOMAN'S LAUGHTER.
69) 0) text: Caroline is trying to stifle her laughter, as she stares at the wilderness of white. Dwight and Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl all stand watch.
70) 0) text: Dwight and Caroline are being married. Caroline wears a pale blue suit, and Dwight looks good in a navy single- breasted. Aside from Toby and Dwight's children, the only guests are Marian, Kathy, and three people we haven't seen before -- friends of Dwight's.
71) 0) text: The bed is a rat's nest of twisted sheets as Dwight   and Caroline make love. He takes his lips away from Caroline's breast and moves so that his head is at   the bottom of the bed. Holding her foot up, he kisses    the instep, then runs his tongue over the same spot and   the down under the arch of her foot. A sexy scene.
71) 1) dialog: M-m-m. There's not a straight line on you -- everything's curved. Caroline draws him up   to her, and they kiss. Then Dwight turns Caroline   on her side, away from him, pre- paring to enter her.    Caroline makes a small sound of protest, turning back   toward him.
71) 3) dialog: It's good this way.
71) 5) dialog: (uncomfortable laugh)
71) 11) dialog: (same laugh)
71) 15) dialog: (stung; flares up)
71) 16) text: Look, you can get it doggie-style or you can get it laying on your side -- those are your only choices. This is my house, and I get to say. Wherever McGinty sits is the head of the table, you know? Disgusted, Caroline turns back away from Dwight. He shifts down on the bed a few inches, again preparing to enter her.
72) 0) text: Toby is eating toast at the kitchen table. Norma has made a big breakfast, and she hurriedly pours the coffee when she hears Dwight and Caroline's bedroom DOOR OPEN.
75) 0) text: A worried Toby sits dreading Dwight's arrival. Behind him, on the wall, Toby has pinned the covers of fifteen copies of the Scout magazine: so that, above Toby's head are the words BOY'S LIFE fifteen times. There is a MURMUR of VOICES, and FOOTSTEPS COMING toward Toby. Toby expects the worst. But, surprisingly, Dwight is beaming.
75) 1) dialog: Who won?
75) 4) dialog: Hot damn! You actually gave little Lord Gayle a black eye?
75) 6) dialog: But it was all puffed up? (as Toby nods)
75) 11) dialog: How'd it start?
75) 13) dialog: Well, he sure's hell can't sue you for slander. That boy fights for the pink team. Did you make him cry?
75) 16) dialog: (suddenly serious)
76) 0) text: Still excited, Dwight is holding forth for the whole family. (We hear THUNDER of an approaching storm)
76) 1) dialog: ... so he says, 'You and who else's army?' 'Just the three of us,' I say. 'Me, myself and I.' (a beat)
76) 7) dialog: (a beat)
76) 8) text: So it was real hot out, okay? And there were these horse turds laying all over the place. I picked one up and went up to him, but not acting tough, okay? Acting more like, 'Oh gee, I'm so scared, please don't hurt me.' Sort of like this: Dwight slumps his shoulders, drops his chin, and looks up through his eyebrows, a simpering expression on his face.
76) 9) dialog: So I say, 'Excuse me, but what's the problem?' And he starts in on me again, blah, blah, blah, and I jam a horse turd right into that big mouth. Then I give him a sucker punch in the breadbasket, and he goes down like a... Dwight goes on, relishing the story.
77) 0) text: A steady downpour falls outside the porch. Dwight and Toby, both stripped to the waist, are boxing. Dwight is totally serious about this, absolutely sincere. The sweat streaming off the two, Dwight patiently correct Toby's movements, or catches the boy's fist to suggest better form. Their feet shuffle, squeak on the floor.
77) 1) dialog: No, no. From the shoulder. Straight. (demonstrates)
78) 0) text: Caroline is on the telephone, her voice low. (Behind her, through a doorway, we can see Dwight and Toby boxing.)
78) 9) text: You think so, huh? You always did have an eye for Dwight, didn't you? (leans back; watches Dwight and Toby)
79) 0) text: Both Dwight and Toby sweating heavily.    They lean again a wall, resting.
79) 2) dialog: Okay. Now you can always  kick somebody in the balls, but I like this one better: What you  do is hit 'em in the throat with the side of your forearm. You  wait 'til -- hah! Without warning, Dwight lunges at Toby and swings the side of his arm toward Toby's throat. Toby dodges wildly, falling backward over a box of sports equipment.
79) 6) dialog: Now that's dry-gulching. Hit 'em in the throat, but do it before they're expecting it. Now you try.
79) 8) dialog: You won't.
79) 10) dialog: Come onnn.   You're not trying. Again Toby hesitates, again he says "Hah!" and gives a lukewarm swing at Dwight's throat.
79) 11) dialog: Well, don't go all shy and delicate on me -- you're as sissy as little Miss Arthur Gayle. Yeah -- I'll just call you 'Little Miss Jackie Wolff.' Ooh, my, yes -- Hello, Jackie. Toby's eyes flare up, then he lowers his head, biting his lip, sniffling a bit.
79) 12) dialog: Aw, Jesus Christ, if you're gonna -- Without warning, Toby lunges at Dwight, screaming "HAH!" trying for the man's throat. Caught off guard, Dwight stops the main force of Toby's arm, but is slammed onto the ground stunned.
80) 0) text: Dwight and Caroline lie on the bed, kissing passionately. It is clear that Caroline is as excited as Dwight.
80) 5) dialog: You just don't know what's good, Sugar. You're too tense. You just relax and Dwight'll take you on a little trip. Okay? You'll have a good time. Caroline closes her eyes.
80) 7) dialog: ... are the prettiest thing I've ever seen. I mean it. You are. The way your hair curls up right there. So pretty. I just love you so much. I don't know what I'd do if you ever left me. I couldn't take it. (smiles)
83) 0) text: Caroline enters, looks down at the sleeping Dwight. She gets back into the bed and Dwight throws a sleepy hand over her. Caroline hesitates, but forces herself to put a hand over Dwight's.
84) 0) text: THROUGH a window, Dwight, dressed in his coveralls, leaves for work. Caroline is sewing on a machine whilst Toby leans against the kitchen sink.
85) 1) text: "The Lawrence Welk Show" is ON the TELEVISION. Dwight, Caroline, Skipper, Norma and Pearl and Toby watch an Irish tenor sing a lugubrious ballad. Dwight stands in a corner of the room, his saxophone to his lips. He's playing along with the MUSIC, but silently. Occasionally he gets overcome and accidentally causes the saxophone to squawk. The Irish ballad ends, and Lawrence Welk's Champagne Orchestra strikes up a lively polka. Dwight takes a sip of his drink and grabs Caroline, pulls her to her feet, and begins to dance with her. A polka can be a decorous, contained dance. He dances Caroline vigorously around the living room, out into the kitchen, around the table, and then back again. Dwight is really good, and Caroline matches him every step of the way. Skipper turns the  VOLUME UP and Dwight kicks the dance into an even higher, wilder gear: The kids clap on the beat, the two whirl and stamp and spin.
86) 0) text: Dwight and Toby face one another in the living room. Both wear their Scout uniforms. Dwight holds a box of chocolate-coated cherries in one hand.
86) 2) dialog: And I know damn well you did.
86) 4) dialog: About some things, yeah. Not about this. You're a goddam hog, and I proved it.
86) 6) dialog: I told all three of them to stay away from this candy for twenty- four hours.
86) 8) dialog: (a triumphant smile)
86) 14) dialog: So that makes you a hog. I just wanted to establish that fact, and now I have. Caroline and Skipper enter, carrying throw pillows and materials.
86) 15) dialog: (to Caroline and Skipper)
86) 18) dialog: (a high, mincing voice)
86) 22) dialog: (to Caroline)
86) 23) text: Why don't you ever help me straighten that boy out? Caroline doesn't even look up. She threads a needle and begins to sew. Whilst Dwight paces around the room.
86) 24) dialog: All he does is read or listen to records or sing.
86) 29) dialog: (he sings five seconds of a grotesque "Blue Monday")
86) 33) dialog: I bet you don't -- big lazy candy hog like you'd rather lay on his ass and read, wouldn't you? Let me tell you something: you're gonna deliver those papers if I have to walk behind you with a horsewhip ever' step of the way.
86) 35) dialog: Hell, no. I'm putting that in the bank for you for when you really need it -- cuss me now, thank me later.
86) 41) dialog: I, well, no, it's not that -- I just want you to be well-behaved. Your rich daddy 'Duke' doesn't care anything about you, and so somebody's got to train you, and one of the things you've gotta be trained about is not to be a hog and eat everybody's candy like a -- Dwight stops short as Caroline says one word.
86) 45) dialog: What's the matter, honey?
86) 52) dialog: (taken aback)
86) 54) text: You lay down and rest awhile. Dwight and Toby grab their caps and hotfoot it out the door.
87) 0) text: Father and son photographs are being taken. Dwight is the only father who wears a complete uniform and cap. When Dwight and Toby's turn comes, Dwight puts on a big smile and throws an arm around Toby's shoulder.
87) 1) dialog: Check for the tongue tonight -- you forgot it last week. Otherwise you won't get your life-saving badge.
93) 0) text: As Toby enters the room, Norma exits, wearing theatrical makeup and a gypsy costume. Behind her, drink in hand, sits Dwight, wearing a suit and tie, watching the TELEVISION NEWS with the SOUND VERY LOW.
93) 5) dialog: Yours.
93) 7) dialog: You said you wanted a dog.
93) 9) dialog: Well, he's yours. You paid for him. Go get ready for Norma's play.
95) 0) text: Toby walks in, Dwight is petting the dog.
95) 2) dialog: (eyes never leaving the TV)
95) 5) dialog: (as above)
95) 11) dialog: Well, want in one hand and shit in the other -- see which gets full first.
95) 13) dialog: And Champ's   your dog.     Jesus, I trade some   old piece of    crap for a valuable   hunting dog,    and all you can do   is piss and    moan.
95) 15) dialog: The hell you aren't. You can just make your own deals from now on.
97) 0) text: Norma, dressed up    for her play, and Pearl are setting table. Dwight is     fixing himself another drink. Caroli enters, puts down    the groceries, and goes to the dish cabinet. Calmly,     in total control, she takes a PLATE SMASHES it against    the countertop.
97) 6) dialog: But that dog's a champion! Caroline calmly SMASHES another PLATE on the countertop.
97) 8) dialog: Am I supposed to go clear to Seattle just to get... Before he finishes the sentence, Caroline SMASHES a GLASS on the countertop.
97) 10) dialog: Jesus Christ, woman, I don't even know the guy's last name. Caroline picks up a bowl.
97) 11) dialog: All right, all right. The guy's supposed to send the A.K.C. papers. When he sends 'em, I'll know his name and address, and I'll go get the god-damn rifle back. Jesus. Caroline exits leaving Dwight, Norma, and Pearl with their mouths open.
100) 1) dialog: Heh Hotshot! He looks up just in time to see a flashlight fly through the air toward him. He catches it. Dwight stands in the doorway.
100) 2) dialog: If you can tear yourself away from your pedicure, I want you to fetch me some of that paint from the attic. Dwight switches the room light off.
100) 4) dialog: Is now too soon.
101) 0) text: Dwight and Toby are looking for something. They both shine flashlights around the dark attic, illuminating old magazines, dolls, etc. Dwight says, "I know I put 'em up here somewhere." Then Toby's flashlight lands on the unusual tub with the four blue stars which had held the beaver. Forgotten all this time, the beaver has transmogrified into a weird, two-foot high pile of what looks like cotton candy. And, hideously enough, the cloud-like stuff is still in the shape of the beaver. Then Dwight says, "Shit -- the roof must've leaked on 'em." Toby turns to where Dwight shines his flashlight on the ten boxes of chestnuts. Also forgotten, the chestnuts are    covered with mold, too -- but a different kind: this     is wet, slick-looki stuff that rises off the chestnuts    like dough in a breadpan. A spasm of rage crosses     Toby's face, and he turns and bangs out of the attic.
102) 0) text: A drink in one hand, idly fondling Champ's ears with the other, Dwight is watching the NEWS. On the TELEVISION we see a distraught Lana Turner   and her daughter, Cheryl Crane, as the teenaged girl   is led into a tall building.  While we see this, and   then a photograph of a stockily handsome Italian man,   we hea
109) 5) dialog: Your mother said you were sick. Feeling better?
109) 7) dialog: Good, good.    Get some sleep, did you?
109) 9) dialog: Must've needed it.
109) 11) dialog: Oh, by the way, you didn't happen to hear a funny pinging noise in the engine, did you?
109) 13) dialog: I was downtown with Champ a few minutes ago, and I met a guy who recognized him. Said he'd seen my dog this very morning. Told me an interesting story of how he and the dog happened to meet. What d'you think about that?
109) 15) text: Suddenly Dwight is across the floor and onto the bed. He straddles Toby and slaps him across the face with the left hand then the right, again and again. Toby holds a forearm protectively across his face. Dwight holds both Toby's hands with one of his and, slaps the boy's face again and again. Finally Toby manages to get his right hand loose.      He slams his forearm across Dwight's throat. Dwight rears back, choking and gagging. Toby throws off the covers and tries to run. Still choking, Dwight grabs the back of Toby's hair and forces the boy's face down against the mattress.
109) 19) dialog: Only me. On this whole earth, to straighten you out. And I will do it kill or cure. Now get your ass up -- you're going to school.
110) 0) text: A BELL RINGS as Dwight's BUICK SCREECHES to a stop and Toby gets out. As he heads toward the doors. Toby then turns to stare at Dwight's car. They lock eyes, then Dwight smirks and pulls away. Toby watches the car disappear, then spins around and walks into the school.
114) 2) text: I gave twenty-five dollars to his campaign office today. I've been thinking I'd like to work... She is interrupted by Dwight's voice O.S.
114) 6) dialog: Here I am, you lucky people! Toby and Caroline exchange a glance.     It speaks volume
115) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline, Toby and Pearl sit at the table, eat- ing. Champ sits by Dwight's chair -- obviously his dog. Dwight seems unchanged by the two years. Just now, Dwight is in the middle of telling another of his "Dwight Is The Best" stories. From the bored faces around the table, this is another in a long series.
115) 1) dialog: ... So the S.O.B. had been on my back for a week at work, okay? Sayin' I stole his wrench, an' poured oil all over his tools, as if! Anyway, he went just one step too far with old Dwight, okay? Spat on the floor as I walked by. I turned around and walked back to him, acting so dainty and humble and scared, you know, all innocent -- and the minute he took his eyes off me, BLAM, I dry gulched him! I shut his water off good! Never gave me another second's grief to this very day. There is a pause.   One more story.   Nobody has much of reaction.
115) 4) dialog: Kennedy -- the senator from Rome.
115) 6) dialog: I know what he gives you, and it sure as hell isn't hope.
115) 13) dialog: No. Too many Republicans   in this town. They hear my wife's   working for the Democrats, they'll  take their cars someplace else  to be fixed. Bad idea. No. There is a brief silence. Suddenly Caroline leans across the table and speaks to Dwight in a loud, exaggerated disappointed whine:
115) 16) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
117) 0) text: Toby is brushing his teeth when Dwight enters.
117) 2) dialog: You left the lid off the damn toothpaste again.
117) 4) text: Oh, Dwight, is that the best you can come up with? Angered, but keeping his voice low.   He pushes Toby's shoulder.
117) 5) dialog: This is my bathroom, and I say about the toothpaste, got it? (pushes again)
117) 8) text: My bathroom. I get to say. Got that? Still Toby doesn't respond -- Dwight reaches out and pinches the skin on Toby's waist, hard. Toby still doesn't respond, when Dwight begins to twist it. Toby spins around, eyes blazing.
117) 12) dialog: Come on. Oh, come on.     Give me an excuse. Toby hesitates, then leaves the bathroom, humiliated.
127) 0) text: Dwight sits at the table, a drink in his hand. Caroline hurriedly prepares dinner. She tosses a milk carton into a brimming waste basket, then speaks to Toby, who enters the room.
129) 2) dialog: Hey, I thought I was helping him -- thought I'd save him some trouble 'cause he's got no chance of getting into some fancy prep school.
129) 4) dialog: What?
129) 9) dialog: Ooooooh, oh, I'm so scared.   Oooh.
138) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline and Toby read the papers.   Caroline notices Toby's sad face.
138) 2) dialog: Yeah, or maybe he'll get a contract in the mail asking him to be a singing star on T.V. (on Caroline's look)
140) 0) text: Dwight is listening to a PERRY COMO ALBUM.     Caroline a Pearl work on a jigsaw puzzle. Toby enters     the kitche coming from his paper route. He puts down     his paper s and immediately puts on his black bow tie,    preparing t go to the A&amp;P.
140) 8) dialog: I was trying to listen to a record. Dwight rises, walks outside into the back yard. Then the TELEPHONE RINGS. Pearl answers it, listens, then says,
142) 2) text: From O.S., we hear Dwight's voice, and Toby goes rigid.
142) 6) dialog: Ohh, it's the Hotshot Boy. Both Mr. Howard and Toby turn to see Dwight, wearing his coveralls, ten feet away.
142) 7) dialog: Yeah, it's the guy who thinks he knows everything. Thinks he's so smart, but fella, what you don't know would fill a book. (glances at Mr. Howard's new Chevrolet; offhand)
142) 8) text: General Motors makes shit cars. Dwight turns and enters the drugstore.
143) 6) text: I'm making hot dogs -- I'll make one for you. Can you put mustard on some bread for us? Toby gets a jar of mustard from a cupboard, but it's empty, so he tosses it on top of the trash can, gets a new jar and starts to open it. Dwight enters.
143) 8) dialog: Hey, leopard. I say, 'Hey, leopard.' I know you, leopard -- I can see those spots you can't change. (laughs)
143) 9) text: Thinks he can go to some fancy prep school and fool everybody. Not a chance. I know a thing or two about a thing or two. Toby won't rise to the bait, and Dwight falls silent, he, looks around and sees the jar of mustard on top of the trash.
143) 10) dialog: Who threw that away?
143) 12) dialog: Why?
143) 17) dialog: Empty?   That look empty to you?
143) 20) dialog: Look again, hotshot.    Is it empty? Toby jerks his head away, not answering. Dwight slams down the jar of mustard, grabs Toby by the back of the hair and forces his face down against the mustard jar.
143) 22) dialog: (to Toby)
143) 23) text: Now. Now, Mr. Big-Time Prep- School fucker, is it empty? Toby struggles, but Dwight has the strength of anger: trying always to protect his throbbing finger, Toby pulls free and jumps up from the table. Dwight is too quick for Toby, though: he grabs an even bigger handful of hair and forces Toby's face down onto the mustard jar again and again. And again. Each time he asks if the jar is empty. Finally, Toby gives up.
143) 26) dialog: (lets him go)
143) 27) text: All right -- clean it out. His face smeared with mustard, Toby's expression is murderous. He picks up a knife and scrapes at the mus- tard, trying to get up under the neck. He manages to get a few brown and yellow smudges on the knife, which he transfers to the edge of a plate. Dwight watches.
143) 31) dialog: Now.     Was it empty? Slowly he stands up and faces Dwight.
143) 42) dialog: Great.   Go!
143) 44) dialog: (manages a smile)
143) 46) text: That's right. I spent it as you made it. It's gone. Poof. Toby starts for Dwight again. Caroline grabs him, saying, "No. No. No," over and over, literally dragging Toby away from Dwight. Caroline looks at Dwight.
143) 48) dialog: Oh, fancy, fancy talk -- fancy talk for a whore.    I know a thing or two about a thing or two. I got friends in this town that tell me things, and I found out some man down at that campaign headquarters found you a job in Washington, D.C. Gonna run off with him, aren't you, Miss Whore?
143) 50) dialog: Miss Liar.     Miss Whore Liar.
143) 60) dialog: What about me?
143) 64) dialog: What about me?
143) 66) dialog: No.
143) 68) dialog: You're not leaving!
143) 70) text: Look again, Dwight -- I'm already gone.
143) 74) dialog: ... you two've always sided in against me, always thought you were better than me. I tried. I did the best I could. What about me? Am I supposed to just crawl off in a ditch someplace and die? I've always been the nigger. Everybody's nigger. Ever since I was little. Caroline and Toby are at the door, run across the yard and down the street. Dwight stands in the doorway, yelling:
143) 75) dialog: What about me? When is it ever Dwight's turn for some consideration? What about me? I'll tell you one thing -- you'll remember me!