29) 0) text: Caroline pirouettes for her two roommates, KATHY, a diffident, sweet-faced young woman, and MARIAN, a heavyset, loud, red-faced woman who eats compulsively from a package of oatmeal cookies. Both of the women ooh and aah over Caroline's dress.
29) 3) dialog: And you say he's getting serious already?
29) 5) dialog: Well, that's it -- three dates and you got 'im good.
29) 13) dialog: Well, it's the tough guy who can't be bothered to go to school.
29) 17) text: Dwiiiight. Duhhhhwight. Dwight-tah-h-h-h. Dwighttahhhhh. There is a KNOCK    on the front door. Toby sticks his he around the door,    looking into the living room. A man i outlined against    the sunset, only his black silhouette visible. It is     our first glimpse of DWIGHT. Has the man heard him?     Toby doesn't know for sure. Caroline brings Dwight into the kitchen.     He is older than her, an attractive-enough man. He     is well-built, has a full head of brown hair, and very    white teeth. Those are his good points. On the minus     side: his ove eagerness to please, his nervous smiles    and his clothe He wears two-tone shoes, a hand-painted    tie, and a monogrammed handkerchief, folded beyond    perfection, in the pocket. Caroline introduces him to Marian and Kathy.     Then she introduces Dwight to Toby. Dwight is all smiles.
29) 29) text: I always say people can call me anything they want, long as they don't call me late for supper! Kathy and Marian think it's pretty funny.     They laugh. Caroline smiles. Toby just stares.
29) 32) dialog: He might like it if he ever went there and tried it.
29) 34) dialog: I'd like to just yank that nasty tongue of yours out by the roots.
29) 53) text: Dwight, we're going to be late. She grabs her coat (which Dwight jumps up to hold for her) and they exit. As Dwight leaves he kisses his hand, then throws the kiss toward Marian and Kathy. The instant the front door slams:
46) 0) text: Caroline, Toby, Marian and Kathy sit at the table eating dinner.
63) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline and Marian are having a drink. Toby plays FATS DOMINO'S "Blue Monday" on the RADIO, the VOLUME LOW.
63) 1) dialog: (to Dwight)
70) 0) text: Dwight and Caroline are being married. Caroline wears a pale blue suit, and Dwight looks good in a navy single- breasted. Aside from Toby and Dwight's children, the only guests are Marian, Kathy, and three people we haven't seen before -- friends of Dwight's.
78) 7) text: Oh, Marian, I don't know -- maybe I just got my hopes too high, although I don't think so. All I want is a little... (searches)