35) 8) text: Jack Wolff. These are my kids: Skipper, Norma and my baby, Pearl. Everybody says hello, shakes hands, then they all head into the house.
37) 0) text: The business area is small and rather forlorn. The six of them walk in pairs -- Dwight and Caroline, Skipper and Norma, and last, Toby and Pearl. (Toby's eyes are glued to the movement of Norma's body.)
37) 9) dialog: It's a little isolated, is all.
37) 11) dialog: Well, maybe not that isolated. Pretty isolated, though.
37) 15) text: Sax.   Tenor sax. Skipper and Norma glance at each other, then look away. Caroline takes a cigarette from her purse. Again Dwight jumps to her service: we are once more treated to the mini-drama of Dwight unsheathing the Zippo from its velvet case, opening the top on his pants leg, etc.
37) 22) dialog: Chinook High.
41) 0) text: Caroline, Toby and Pearl enter. Norma is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Dwight WALKS HEAVILY down the hall to his bedroom and SLAMS the DOOR.
41) 1) dialog: What gives?
41) 3) dialog: Oh, boy. Now we're in for it -- he thinks he's some kind of big hunter.
41) 5) dialog: That was with the car. They all laugh.
43) 0) text: Norma plays "Blue Monday" on an upright piano whilst Toby sings it. After finishing the song, Norma launches into "On Moonlight Bay." Everybody joins in.
54) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop as Norma, Skipper and Pearl come out to meet them. Dwight is calmer now.
55) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Norma, Skipper and Pearl are eating dinner at the kitchen table. Norma speaks to Toby.
55) 1) dialog: You'll be in Miss Graham's class?
55) 3) dialog: She's okay.   She's pretty.
57) 16) dialog: You remind me of that boy in the fairy tale who had to spend twenty years sifting sand to find a golden needle. Remember that one? Toby doesn't answer. The two girls move away.    Toby sighs, and picks up another chestnut. 55   G)   (DAY) Toby, keeping an eye on the door to make sure he's unobserved, reaches under the mattress of Skipper's bed and pulls out several billfold-sized black and white pornographic photographs. The hair styles of the women in them are decades old. Toby takes the photographs into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.
59) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl are enjoying the snowcream.
59) 2) text: This's private property, in case you're interested. (normal voice)
59) 5) dialog: Oh, Daddy!
68) 0) text: Skipper and Norma are carrying Caroline's suitcases into the house from Dwight's Buick. From inside the house we hear a WOMAN'S LAUGHTER.
69) 0) text: Caroline is trying to stifle her laughter, as she stares at the wilderness of white. Dwight and Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl all stand watch.
72) 0) text: Toby is eating toast at the kitchen table. Norma has made a big breakfast, and she hurriedly pours the coffee when she hears Dwight and Caroline's bedroom DOOR OPEN.
72) 1) dialog: Happy Wedding Breakfast! Caroline's eyes    are red and swollen. Dwight turns ON a RADIO, sips his    coffee, and chats with Norma. Toby giv Norma's rear-end    an appreciative glance, then comes up behind Caroline,    speaking sotto voce:
84) 24) dialog: What d'ya think? I think I look like a fool. (shrugs)
84) 25) text: Who cares? Six weeks to graduation, and California, here I come! Norma snaps her fingers and goes back to her bedroom.
85) 1) text: "The Lawrence Welk Show" is ON the TELEVISION. Dwight, Caroline, Skipper, Norma and Pearl and Toby watch an Irish tenor sing a lugubrious ballad. Dwight stands in a corner of the room, his saxophone to his lips. He's playing along with the MUSIC, but silently. Occasionally he gets overcome and accidentally causes the saxophone to squawk. The Irish ballad ends, and Lawrence Welk's Champagne Orchestra strikes up a lively polka. Dwight takes a sip of his drink and grabs Caroline, pulls her to her feet, and begins to dance with her. A polka can be a decorous, contained dance. He dances Caroline vigorously around the living room, out into the kitchen, around the table, and then back again. Dwight is really good, and Caroline matches him every step of the way. Skipper turns the  VOLUME UP and Dwight kicks the dance into an even higher, wilder gear: The kids clap on the beat, the two whirl and stamp and spin.
89) 16) text: ... my difference... (normal tone)
93) 0) text: As Toby enters the room, Norma exits, wearing theatrical makeup and a gypsy costume. Behind her, drink in hand, sits Dwight, wearing a suit and tie, watching the TELEVISION NEWS with the SOUND VERY LOW.
97) 0) text: Norma, dressed up    for her play, and Pearl are setting table. Dwight is     fixing himself another drink. Caroli enters, puts down    the groceries, and goes to the dish cabinet. Calmly,     in total control, she takes a PLATE SMASHES it against    the countertop.
117) 7) text: Oh, Duke? Duke, are you here? Dukie? Oh, how sad -- Duke's not here. Oh, boo hoo! (normal voice)