35) 8) text: Jack Wolff. These are my kids: Skipper, Norma and my baby, Pearl. Everybody says hello, shakes hands, then they all head into the house.
37) 0) text: The business area is small and rather forlorn. The six of them walk in pairs -- Dwight and Caroline, Skipper and Norma, and last, Toby and Pearl. (Toby's eyes are glued to the movement of Norma's body.)
37) 28) dialog: I'm in fifth grade. Nobody seems to care.
39) 0) text: A sullen Toby stands with Pearl. Dwight is giving his name and the entry fee to a MAN. As the Man moves away, Caroline stops him and holds out some money.
41) 0) text: Caroline, Toby and Pearl enter. Norma is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Dwight WALKS HEAVILY down the hall to his bedroom and SLAMS the DOOR.
41) 4) dialog: Well, he killed a deer once.
54) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop as Norma, Skipper and Pearl come out to meet them. Dwight is calmer now.
55) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Norma, Skipper and Pearl are eating dinner at the kitchen table. Norma speaks to Toby.
55) 6) dialog: (very low; to Toby)
58) 0) text: Toby and Pearl are playing a card game called "Slap- Jack." Toby slaps a card down hard, yelling "I win again!" and Pearl pouts.
58) 1) dialog: That's no fair. You make me sick. I don't know why you have to live here, anyway. Daddy says we should think of it like you were a charity kid. Toby takes out his comb, combs his hair a bit, then holds it out to Pearl, an exaggerated look of innocence on his face.
58) 5) dialog: We're gonna have snowcream!
59) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl are enjoying the snowcream.
59) 9) dialog: No, you are.
59) 18) dialog: Can I join the Girl Scouts?
61) 0) text: As Pearl watches Dwight also stands in front of a mirror, adjusting his hat. He is resplendent in a brand-new Scout uniform. Toby stalks into the room. Pearl laughs loudly.
69) 0) text: Caroline is trying to stifle her laughter, as she stares at the wilderness of white. Dwight and Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl all stand watch.
85) 1) text: "The Lawrence Welk Show" is ON the TELEVISION. Dwight, Caroline, Skipper, Norma and Pearl and Toby watch an Irish tenor sing a lugubrious ballad. Dwight stands in a corner of the room, his saxophone to his lips. He's playing along with the MUSIC, but silently. Occasionally he gets overcome and accidentally causes the saxophone to squawk. The Irish ballad ends, and Lawrence Welk's Champagne Orchestra strikes up a lively polka. Dwight takes a sip of his drink and grabs Caroline, pulls her to her feet, and begins to dance with her. A polka can be a decorous, contained dance. He dances Caroline vigorously around the living room, out into the kitchen, around the table, and then back again. Dwight is really good, and Caroline matches him every step of the way. Skipper turns the  VOLUME UP and Dwight kicks the dance into an even higher, wilder gear: The kids clap on the beat, the two whirl and stamp and spin.
97) 0) text: Norma, dressed up    for her play, and Pearl are setting table. Dwight is     fixing himself another drink. Caroli enters, puts down    the groceries, and goes to the dish cabinet. Calmly,     in total control, she takes a PLATE SMASHES it against    the countertop.
113) 0) text: Pearl is setting the table and singing the Everly Brothers hit, "Bye, Bye, Love." The passage of two years has improved Pearl. Her bald spot has grown back in, and she has learned to fix her hair and use makeup. She smile and nods to Toby, never stopping her singing for a moment Toby stands next to her and sings harmony for a few notes It is clear that their relationship has improved. Toby stops singing.
115) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline, Toby and Pearl sit at the table, eat- ing. Champ sits by Dwight's chair -- obviously his dog. Dwight seems unchanged by the two years. Just now, Dwight is in the middle of telling another of his "Dwight Is The Best" stories. From the bored faces around the table, this is another in a long series.
136) 0) text: Toby starts up the sideway, Pearl exits the house with several letters in her hand.
136) 1) dialog: 'You got letters from those schools!' Toby grabs them as if they were the very stuff of life. Pearl stands expectantly. Toby notices her, then walks off holding the letters to his chest.
140) 0) text: Dwight is listening to a PERRY COMO ALBUM.     Caroline a Pearl work on a jigsaw puzzle. Toby enters     the kitche coming from his paper route. He puts down     his paper s and immediately puts on his black bow tie,    preparing t go to the A&amp;P.
140) 4) dialog: I can't find where this green piece goes -- it's gotta be grass. Dwight sighs with irritation at the interruption of his listening pleasure, and turns UP the VOLUME on the record
140) 9) dialog: "Yeah, he's here," She holds the receiver out to Toby, whispering, "Are you Tobias?"
143) 0) text: Toby walks in; his Elvis hair disappearing.    Pearl, who is boiling hot dogs, turns:
143) 1) dialog: I know something'll make you feel good: that man called -- you got the scholarship. Toby grits his teeth and clenches both fists victoriously He's won.
143) 5) dialog: He said they're gonna give you two thousand three hundred dollars a year and it costs two thousand five hundred dollars... so you gotta come up with the other two hundred. Great, huh? (sympathetic)
143) 7) dialog: What're you doing home so earl... Oh! Toby he got that scholarship -- two thousand and three hundred dollars! Dwight makes himself a drink, takes two large swallows, then turns to Toby.
143) 18) dialog: It looks empty to me.
143) 21) dialog: Dad!