7) 4) text: My God, he was boring. Boring and mean: you sure got crappy taste in boyfriends. At the mention of Roy's name, Caroline lightly touches the bruise on her right cheekbone. Not enjoying the talk about Roy, she pours the water into the radiator, and speaks directly to the car.
17) 0) text: Caroline, Toby and ROY are eating at the tiny table. Roy is good-looking in a meaty, hairy-chested sort of way. Though he is on his very best behavior just now, there is a mean streak in him. Toby, delighted, holds a Winchester .22 rifle across his lap -- a peace-making gift from Roy.
17) 4) dialog: ... I found me a room, but it's clear the hell and gone 'cross town. And I think I got a job lined up doin' tune-ups in a Texaco station. How you like it at Winstead's?
17) 6) dialog: I been here almost a week.
17) 9) dialog: You like the rifle, Toby?    'Jack,' I mean.
18) 0) text: Caroline and Roy are   kissing on the sofa, and he is all over her: his hands    are on her breasts, her thighs, everywhere. Aroused    in spite of herself, Caroline pull away, indicating the   light in the other room.
18) 2) dialog: You are one sweet thing, baby: just the sight of you makes my dick hard. He pulls her to him, starting to kiss her. She fends him off, looking worriedly toward the room where Toby's light burns.
18) 3) dialog: Aw, he won't hear anything. Again he pulls her toward him; again she turns her head from the kiss. Then it happens. A spasm of anger passes across his face and he shoves Caroline away from him. It's a hard shove, but nothing that could really hurt her. Violence has happened before between these two, and they recognize it. Caroline is immediately on guard, and Roy is apologetic.
18) 4) dialog: Shit, baby, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that. I'm just so glad to see you. He slides toward Caroline, kisses her. This time she accepts the kiss -- feels she has no choice.
19) 0) text: Dressed for bed, Toby stands by an open window. He can hear every WORD of ROY'S, who continues to apologize between kisses. The room is illuminated by a nearby streetlamp. The frosty air from the open window causes his breath to steam. He raises two fingers to his lips, pretends to take a drag on a cigarette and blows out the steam from his breath. The VOICES in the other room grow a bit LOUDER, almost to an argument, and then SUBSIDE again. Toby takes another drag from his pretend cig- arette. He looks very young.
21) 15) text: 'Oh, Roy, I just love my rifle so much! It's the bestest present ever!'