35) 8) text: Jack Wolff. These are my kids: Skipper, Norma and my baby, Pearl. Everybody says hello, shakes hands, then they all head into the house.
37) 0) text: The business area is small and rather forlorn. The six of them walk in pairs -- Dwight and Caroline, Skipper and Norma, and last, Toby and Pearl. (Toby's eyes are glued to the movement of Norma's body.)
37) 15) text: Sax.   Tenor sax. Skipper and Norma glance at each other, then look away. Caroline takes a cigarette from her purse. Again Dwight jumps to her service: we are once more treated to the mini-drama of Dwight unsheathing the Zippo from its velvet case, opening the top on his pants leg, etc.
37) 21) dialog: There isn't one. We go to Chinook.
37) 24) dialog: Forty miles.
37) 26) dialog: Yeah, I clocked it: thirty-nine miles. In spite of the fact that he's eager for this day to go well, Dwight's bottom teeth begin to show.
54) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop as Norma, Skipper and Pearl come out to meet them. Dwight is calmer now.
55) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Norma, Skipper and Pearl are eating dinner at the kitchen table. Norma speaks to Toby.
57) 0) text: The room is dark. Skipper is asleep. Toby lies in a cot. Dwight leans against the wall near the head of Toby's bed. He speaks in a low, reasonable voice:
59) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl are enjoying the snowcream.
59) 10) dialog: What'd you say to the ugly woman?
68) 0) text: Skipper and Norma are carrying Caroline's suitcases into the house from Dwight's Buick. From inside the house we hear a WOMAN'S LAUGHTER.
69) 0) text: Caroline is trying to stifle her laughter, as she stares at the wilderness of white. Dwight and Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl all stand watch.
85) 1) text: "The Lawrence Welk Show" is ON the TELEVISION. Dwight, Caroline, Skipper, Norma and Pearl and Toby watch an Irish tenor sing a lugubrious ballad. Dwight stands in a corner of the room, his saxophone to his lips. He's playing along with the MUSIC, but silently. Occasionally he gets overcome and accidentally causes the saxophone to squawk. The Irish ballad ends, and Lawrence Welk's Champagne Orchestra strikes up a lively polka. Dwight takes a sip of his drink and grabs Caroline, pulls her to her feet, and begins to dance with her. A polka can be a decorous, contained dance. He dances Caroline vigorously around the living room, out into the kitchen, around the table, and then back again. Dwight is really good, and Caroline matches him every step of the way. Skipper turns the  VOLUME UP and Dwight kicks the dance into an even higher, wilder gear: The kids clap on the beat, the two whirl and stamp and spin.
86) 17) dialog: Oh, Dad...
86) 19) text: Oh, Dad! Skipper leaves the room. Caroline sits down, begins to try various materials as coverings for the pillows.