25) 0) text: From one of the houses TERRY TAYLOR emerges, falling into step with Toby. He's Toby's age, and is almost an exact replica of him.
25) 2) dialog: Hey, Jack. What'd your mom say about skipping school today?
25) 4) dialog: You go over to Wanda's house last night? (as Toby nods)
25) 8) dialog: Sure you did!    Oh, Wolff, you're rich.
26) 0) text: TERRY SILVER opens the door to admit Toby and Terry Taylor. Silver is a clone of both Toby and Terry Taylor.
27) 2) dialog: Excuse me, but does your face hurt? 'Cause it's killing me. With that piece of high wit, they're out of the room.
28) 0) text: The boys light up three cigarettes (opening a window so the smoke will disappear), then throw themselves onto the floor in front of a black-and-white TV. Superman is ON. When Lois Lane comes on, Terry Taylor starts moaning as if sexually aroused; Terry Silver jumps to his knees and licks the TV screen repeatedly, also moaning. Toby closes his eyes, also as if in sexual transport.
28) 2) dialog: Man, look at her! Look at that body-y-y-y.
30) 0) text: We hear SCREAMING. Toby and Terry Taylor race BY the CAMERA on stolen tricycles, yelling as if they're attack- ing Indians. Behind them comes Terry Silver, on foot. Atop a small hill, both boys jump off, letting the TRICYCLES SMASH into a parked car. Then they run like hell with Terry Silver bringing up the rear.
44) 0) text: Toby, Terry Silver and Terry Taylor lounge against the wall, smoking.
44) 2) dialog: With a .22.
44) 4) dialog: Wolff, you are so full of shit.
44) 6) dialog: All a .22 bullet would do is make a hole in his head. Toby takes a drag on his cigarette.
44) 8) dialog: Oh. Oh, I see -- you hit the turkey more than once. While he was flying. In the head. Toby nods. Silver     and Taylor howl with laughter. Furious, Toby says    "Fuck you" over and over. He pulls out a rat-tail and    scratches the words "FUCK YOU" onto the soft paint of    the bathroom wall.
45) 0) text: Toby stands at the top of a small hill with Terry Silver and Terry Taylor. They are too casual, their faces too innocent: something's up. They wait until a middle-aged man raking leaves turns and disappears around a corner. Then the three of them open the door of a car, take off the emergency brake, and start it rolling down the hill.