2) 0) text: Two people are in the straining car -- a woman and her son. The woman is CAROLINE WOLFF. Somewhere in her 30s, she is a pretty woman who can look beautiful if she works at it. (Just now, though, her prettiness is marred by a fading bruise on her right cheekbone.) She is bright and energetic and lively. Even more important than these qualities, though, is her humor. And most important of all is a sensual quality she exudes. Her sensuality is effortless -- as natural to her as the color of her eyes and hair. Men turn on the street to stare at her. The boy is TOBY WOLFF. A    pleasant-faced boy with won- derful eyes, he is 13 --   teetering on the brink of adolescence, so that one   moment he seems like a self- assured teenager, and the   very next like a ten-year-old kid. Just now the ten-year-old kid has the upper hand: bored and weary with the long trip, Toby has been arguing with Caroline, who is ignoring him.
2) 1) dialog: ... Well,  I mean it. I'm serious -- I do.   You promise and promise, and then  you change your mind, just like  that.
2) 4) dialog: You wait 'til you ask me for something. Just wait. See if you get it.
2) 9) text: Toby, hush. Let me just... So concentrated on her driving she doesn't even finish her sentence, she nurses the car upward. Finally the car crests the hill and starts down. Caroline sighs with relief. She turns to Toby with a smile.
2) 11) dialog: I said -- for the twentieth time -- if a person promises somebody something, they can't just turn around and take it back.
2) 13) dialog: Why not?
2) 15) dialog: I bet if you'd promised Roy some moccasins he'd of got 'em.
2) 17) dialog: Yeah, but you did promise...
2) 19) dialog: Jack.   Call me Jack.
2) 24) dialog: Seriously. If a person can't get a stinking miserable pair of moccasins, at least he ought to be able to choose his own name... (loud)
2) 28) dialog: Oh, you're so stupid sometimes, I... The BAWLING of an AIRHORN interrupts him. Both of them look through the back window and see a huge tractor- trailer truck, out of control, bearing down on them. Caroline brakes and steers a hard right, SKIDDING the NASH safely onto the side of the road. The truck, its HORN BLASTING steadily, shimmies and slides past them, and then, hideously, fails to make the next curve: it smashes through the guard rails and into empty space, its HORN still BLARING. Caroline and Toby look at each other, then scramble out of the car.
3) 0) text: Other drivers have stopped to look: hundreds of feet below, the truck lies on its back among boulders. Caroline glances, then turns away. She pulls Toby away, one arm around his shoulder.
4) 7) dialog: I hope to hell this isn't some kind of omen. Caroline turns to Toby, her face worried. Then she sees the look in Toby's eyes -- he's ragging her. She grins and gives his shoulder a light, affectionate shove.
5) 0) text: Toby (feet up on the dashboard wearing a brand-new pair of Indian moccasins) and Caroline sing "Mood Indigo" together. Toby holds  a complicated-looking, black con- traption which looks something like an antique flashlight
5) 1) dialog: How's this thing work, anyway?
5) 4) dialog: And we just walk along the street and find this glowing uranium?
5) 6) dialog: But we were too late in Moab, and that guy at the office said nobody'd found any uranium in Salt Lake City.
6) 0) text: We hear "MOOD INDIGO" on the car RADIO and see that a weary Caroline has driven through the night and Toby is slumped against the passenger door. Toby stirs, then opens his eyes.
6) 2) dialog: Forty-seven miles to go! Both of them are laughing with excitement. Toby claps his hands together once, very hard, and Caroline yells --
7) 0) text: Well, hell. The Nash Ambassador sits by the side of the road, its hood up, its radiator steaming. Caroline and Toby sit in a patch of shade by the car.
7) 3) dialog: It almost makes me want to see Roy -- he was the only one could make the thing stop overheating. (a beat)
8) 0) text: Toby waits beside the Nash Ambassador, looking toward a three-story concrete building. He holds a portable RADIO, which PLAYS DEAN MARTIN singing "Volare."
12) 0) text: Caroline and Toby have the hood up and are peering into the engine.
12) 1) dialog: That mechanic in Colorado said it needed points.
12) 7) dialog: You're gonna give our car away?
13) 0) text: 1957 is all around us: gas is 29.9 cents a gallon; bread is 19 cents a loaf; cars are curved and heavily chromed; people occasionally nod and smile at strangers; children carry hula hoops. In all, a gentler time. Caroline and Toby stride along briskly, as if they knew where they were going.
13) 5) dialog: Yeah, and like Dad used to say, 'We may be broke, but we're never poor.' And later, if we get a house with a big yard, I could get a collie, you know? One like Lad or Grey Dawn. And someday maybe a palomino. And I'm going to try harder in school, too... The two of them walk on -- a bit foolish, but, in an odd way, brave as hell.
14) 0) text: A subdued Toby sits in front of the VICE PRINCIPAL.
14) 3) dialog: She works.   She's working. Silent, the man continues to hold out the telephone to Toby. Finally he takes it and dials.
15) 0) text: Caroline and Toby exit.   Toby sullen; Caroline angry.
15) 1) dialog: It wasn't me broke their stupid windows.
15) 3) dialog: Gee, thanks a lot, Mom -- believe them instead of me.
15) 8) dialog: Yeah, well if you'd stayed married to Dad none of this would've ever happened.
16) 0) text: The place is pretty bleak: a room and a half, Murphy beds, linoleum floors, and a bath down the hall. Caroline and Toby enter. She pulls down the Murphy bed and falls onto it fully dressed, saying:
16) 4) dialog: Seven.    Almost.
16) 6) dialog: I started dinner. The potatoes are frying, and I'm heating up the hot dogs. Caroline sees that he's trying to make it up to her, and pats the bed for him to sit down next to her. He moves to sit beside her.
16) 11) dialog: I'm sorry.
16) 18) dialog: Who was that? She closes her eyes.
16) 19) dialog: Who was that? Caroline laughs aloud, then slides down the wall until she's on the floor still laughing.
17) 0) text: Caroline, Toby and ROY are eating at the tiny table. Roy is good-looking in a meaty, hairy-chested sort of way. Though he is on his very best behavior just now, there is a mean streak in him. Toby, delighted, holds a Winchester .22 rifle across his lap -- a peace-making gift from Roy.
17) 10) dialog: It's the best present I ever got. I just love it. (to Caroline)
17) 13) dialog: It's not loaded!
17) 15) dialog: It's got no bullets, for God's sake.
17) 20) dialog: I'll point it at the sky, then. Caroline sighs. Toby opens a screenless window and points the gun up into the night sky, pretending to fire it over and over. Caroline starts to clear the table. Roy jumps up to help her.
19) 0) text: Dressed for bed, Toby stands by an open window. He can hear every WORD of ROY'S, who continues to apologize between kisses. The room is illuminated by a nearby streetlamp. The frosty air from the open window causes his breath to steam. He raises two fingers to his lips, pretends to take a drag on a cigarette and blows out the steam from his breath. The VOICES in the other room grow a bit LOUDER, almost to an argument, and then SUBSIDE again. Toby takes another drag from his pretend cig- arette. He looks very young.
20) 0) text: Toby wanders toward the rooming house. He stops to watch TWO fiftyish WOMEN who are working in a garden. One Woman looks up.
20) 2) dialog: Hello. The Woman stops to take a breather, lights a cigarette, pokes her companion.
20) 6) dialog: Over there. (a beat)
20) 9) dialog: Yeah. I'm gonna live on his ranch in Phoenix. The "Lazy B," it's called.
20) 14) dialog: It is. I've got a palomino horse and a collie, and Dad lets us go on hunts all by ourselves. He gave me this Winchester .22, and last year I shot a mountain lion with it. And Lad -- that's my dog -- found a nest of rattlesnakes one time, and killed all twelve of them... The two Women exchange a glance.     It's obvious the boy is lying.
21) 0) text: Toby enters.   Four packed suitcases lie on the bed behin Caroline.
21) 1) dialog: What're you doing home so -- (as he sees suitcases)
21) 4) dialog: Where?
21) 6) dialog: Phoenix.
21) 8) dialog: What about your fabulous boyfriends? What about the fabulous, boring Roy? Is he coming, too?
21) 13) dialog: Roy's so uncool. So boring.
21) 16) dialog: Oh, shut up. But he's smiling, completely unbothered. Suddenly Caroline laughs, stands up, and begins to close the suitcases. Toby laughs, too.
21) 17) dialog: Now? We're going now?     What about all the food?
21) 19) dialog: Even the canned stuff?
22) 0) text: Caroline and Toby stand at a ticket counter, disappointed.
22) 1) dialog: Well, ask him when the next one to Phoenix is.
23) 0) text: Toby and Caroline hurry onboard a Greyhound bus with Seattle as its destination.
23) 2) dialog: If there's a big yard, can I get a collie?
23) 4) dialog: (as they board bus)
23) 5) text: Yeah -- like heaven on a June day. The DOORS of the bus close. WHOOSH! The bus begins to move. Caroline and Toby's faces are at the window: Seattle or bust.
24) 5) dialog: Yeah, yeah... Toby exits the house. But, Jesus, what a new Toby: he's turned cool. A few months have passed.  He now wears T-shirts and jeans which ride way low on his hips. As he walks along, he combs his hair into a duck's ass in back, and forward into a curl at the center of his forehead. He's 1957 hip -- or thinks he is.  He strolls on, feeling cool.
25) 0) text: From one of the houses TERRY TAYLOR emerges, falling into step with Toby. He's Toby's age, and is almost an exact replica of him.
25) 1) dialog: Hey, Terry.
25) 3) dialog: Who listens?
25) 5) text: You make out good? (as Toby nods again)
25) 7) dialog: I fucked her 'til her nose bled.
26) 0) text: TERRY SILVER opens the door to admit Toby and Terry Taylor. Silver is a clone of both Toby and Terry Taylor.
28) 0) text: The boys light up three cigarettes (opening a window so the smoke will disappear), then throw themselves onto the floor in front of a black-and-white TV. Superman is ON. When Lois Lane comes on, Terry Taylor starts moaning as if sexually aroused; Terry Silver jumps to his knees and licks the TV screen repeatedly, also moaning. Toby closes his eyes, also as if in sexual transport.
28) 1) dialog: Oh, Lois. Oh, baby, come here -- I got six hot inches just waiting for you.
28) 5) dialog: Oh, babybabybabybabybaby... You make my dick hard! The three carry on for a few more seconds.
29) 10) dialog: Don't want who?
29) 16) dialog: He the one drives down from the boondocks? The mechanic? Dwight. What a stupid name. (he draws the name out)
29) 17) text: Dwiiiight. Duhhhhwight. Dwight-tah-h-h-h. Dwighttahhhhh. There is a KNOCK    on the front door. Toby sticks his he around the door,    looking into the living room. A man i outlined against    the sunset, only his black silhouette visible. It is     our first glimpse of DWIGHT. Has the man heard him?     Toby doesn't know for sure. Caroline brings Dwight into the kitchen.     He is older than her, an attractive-enough man. He     is well-built, has a full head of brown hair, and very    white teeth. Those are his good points. On the minus     side: his ove eagerness to please, his nervous smiles    and his clothe He wears two-tone shoes, a hand-painted    tie, and a monogrammed handkerchief, folded beyond    perfection, in the pocket. Caroline introduces him to Marian and Kathy.     Then she introduces Dwight to Toby. Dwight is all smiles.
29) 24) dialog: No.
29) 26) dialog: No.
29) 29) text: I always say people can call me anything they want, long as they don't call me late for supper! Kathy and Marian think it's pretty funny.     They laugh. Caroline smiles. Toby just stares.
29) 31) dialog: No.
29) 33) dialog: Oh, have another cookie, Marian -- keep your strength up.
29) 48) dialog: Really? I can shoot my Winchester? Great! I bet I could be the one to get the turkey.
30) 0) text: We hear SCREAMING. Toby and Terry Taylor race BY the CAMERA on stolen tricycles, yelling as if they're attack- ing Indians. Behind them comes Terry Silver, on foot. Atop a small hill, both boys jump off, letting the TRICYCLES SMASH into a parked car. Then they run like hell with Terry Silver bringing up the rear.
31) 0) text: Caroline is dressed casually. Toby has on a shirt and sweater. He is pretending that he's buck-toothed. Caroline finishes packing a small suitcase.
31) 2) dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
31) 5) dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
31) 11) dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
31) 14) dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
31) 17) dialog: (buck-toothed speech)
31) 18) text: Ditto. A car stops and through a window, we see Dwight. Caroline turns to Toby.
31) 20) dialog: All right.
32) 0) text: We see Dwight driving his shiny Buick, Caroline and Toby beside him. As the CAMERA TRACKS the car with VARIOUS SHOTS, we hear:
33) 4) dialog: I hope to hell it's not an omen. Caroline has to fight back a smile.
35) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls to a stop; Dwight, Caroline, and Toby get out. The scenery is as beautiful as Dwight said it was.
37) 0) text: The business area is small and rather forlorn. The six of them walk in pairs -- Dwight and Caroline, Skipper and Norma, and last, Toby and Pearl. (Toby's eyes are glued to the movement of Norma's body.)
38) 0) text: Dwight has recovered his good mood. Dressed in a marksman's coat with a padded shoulder, Dwight is laughin as he attempts to assemble Toby's Winchester .22.
38) 5) dialog: There's no real turkey?
38) 8) dialog: But you said I could!
39) 0) text: A sullen Toby stands with Pearl. Dwight is giving his name and the entry fee to a MAN. As the Man moves away, Caroline stops him and holds out some money.
40) 7) text: Then you won't feel too bad about carrying it home, will you? Several people laugh, and the Man, bested, turns away. Everyone turns quiet to watch the Man shoot. He is evidently the one who's nervous, though, for after he SHOOTS and waits, the score is raised: 95. There is an immediate stir -- Caroline can win if she shoots a virtually perfect round. Dwight's name is called. He takes his position, but clowns around, SHOOTING first left-handed, then right- handed, then with both eyes closed. His score is raised: 24. There is scattered laughter, and Dwight leads it -- hell, it's all a joke to him, his attitude says. Caroline takes her stance. Rock-steady, she SHOOTS her TEN SHOTS and waits. And then it comes: 98. She's won. The second-place Man wheels away angrily, but everyone else congratulates the laughing Caroline, as an official presents her with a small trophy of a gold rifle on a pedestal, and a huge ham. In the midst of the hubbub, Toby manages to get close enough to congratulate his mother. Caroline glances toward Dwight as she whispers to Toby:
40) 9) dialog: (impressed)
41) 0) text: Caroline, Toby and Pearl enter. Norma is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Dwight WALKS HEAVILY down the hall to his bedroom and SLAMS the DOOR.
41) 2) dialog: Mom won the turkey shoot.
43) 0) text: Norma plays "Blue Monday" on an upright piano whilst Toby sings it. After finishing the song, Norma launches into "On Moonlight Bay." Everybody joins in.
43) 6) dialog: They're okay. What's that bald spot on Pearl's head? Ugh.
43) 8) dialog: Norma's nice.
43) 10) dialog: That's fine with me. (a beat; new tone)
43) 13) dialog: That woman he married?    Is she really rich?
44) 0) text: Toby, Terry Silver and Terry Taylor lounge against the wall, smoking.
44) 1) dialog: I mean I blew it off, man -- I blew his fuckin' turkey's head off. Terry Silver takes a long slow drag on his cigarette. The other boys glance at each other: they don't buy it.
44) 3) dialog: Fuckin' A.    Winchester .22.   Pump.
44) 5) dialog: Don't believe me -- see if I care.
44) 7) dialog: One bullet, maybe.
45) 0) text: Toby stands at the top of a small hill with Terry Silver and Terry Taylor. They are too casual, their faces too innocent: something's up. They wait until a middle-aged man raking leaves turns and disappears around a corner. Then the three of them open the door of a car, take off the emergency brake, and start it rolling down the hill.
46) 0) text: Caroline, Toby, Marian and Kathy sit at the table eating dinner.
46) 2) dialog: Oh! Toby grabs Caroline's lighter, and begins to imitate Dwight: saying, "Oh!" and "Oh, yes!" and Oh, my!" and "Here, let me!" and "I'll do that!" It's a mean, accurate imitation of Dwight. All three women laugh in spite of themselves. Caroline keeps saying "Jack, that's enough," and Marian says, "Dwight's not that bad." But they can't help laughing. Toby offers the other two women a light, then offers a broom, the back door, and the refrigerator a light.
47) 0) text: The principal, MR. SHIPPY, sits behind his desk. Toby, looking scared, sits across from him. A secretary lets Caroline into the room. Mr. Shippy rises and introduces himself. Caroline doesn't respond to the introduction.
47) 18) text: Is that nicotine stain on your fingers? (as Toby shakes his head "no")
48) 0) text: Caroline and Toby enter the house. Caroline goes into the bedroom, shuts the door. Toby sits on the couch.
48) 3) dialog: What do you mean?
48) 10) dialog: No I don'...
48) 12) dialog: (he means it)
48) 18) dialog: What are you going to do, just give me away to him?
48) 24) dialog: All right. Caroline nods, turns away.
49) 0) text: Christmas is over: a few scattered pieces of wrapping paper lie scattered on the floor, and a small Christmas tree with bubble-lights glows in a corner. Caroline shuts a suitcase and looks at Toby.
49) 2) dialog: Okay.    I will.
49) 4) dialog: No, it's okay.       I'll go. O.S. we hear a KNOCKING and Dwight's cheery voice.
50) 0) text: Dwights hustles    the bags into the trunk, tells Toby to kiss his mother,    and hops into the car, all smiles, al cheeriness. The     Buick pulls away, leaving Caroline white-faced and    miserable.
51) 0) text: Dwight    takes a pull from a pint bottle of whiskey and gives    Toby a sneering, contemptuous look. Toby reaches over,    SNAPS ON the RADIO. Immediately Dwight SNAPS IT off.     Then, in the headlight's glare, Toby sees a dark shape.
51) 1) dialog: Hey, look:   is that a raccoon or a beaver. Dwight swerves deliberately to hit the animal. There is a sickening THUMP, and Dwight stops. As he backs up:
51) 3) dialog: That thing's probably got rabies...
52) 0) text: Toby moves to where the dead beaver lies on its back, its eyes open, in the red glow of the taillights. Toby picks the thing up and lugs it back toward Dwight, who has the trunk open.
53) 0) text: Dwight is still drinking, between swallows, he gives Toby sneering glances. Dwight is driving very fast. The road begins a series of curves. Dwight doesn't slow down, and the TIRES begin to SCREAM on the curves. The road runs along a steep gorge. Dwight increases the speed, and the car begins to fishtail.
53) 1) dialog: I'm a little sick to my stomach.
53) 3) dialog: I'm not a hotshot.
53) 8) dialog: No, sir.
53) 11) dialog: I'm not a liar.
53) 13) dialog: No.
53) 16) dialog: I guess.
53) 19) dialog: I can't.
53) 24) dialog: No, sir.
55) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Norma, Skipper and Pearl are eating dinner at the kitchen table. Norma speaks to Toby.
55) 2) dialog: Yeah, is she nice?
55) 4) dialog: I hate changing schools.
55) 12) text: I picked up two barrels of horse- chestnuts in the park. You can spend your evenings hulling 'em. And I enrolled you in the Boy Scouts, and you've got a paper route, starting Monday, every afternoon from three to six-thirty -- pays fifty-five bucks a month. What d'you say? Toby glances around the table, he is subdued.
55) 13) dialog: I'll do it. (means it)
56) 0) text: MISS GRAHAM stands in front of the class.    Toby is midw back in the room.
56) 11) dialog: It's angry, sort of bitter.
57) 0) text: The room is dark. Skipper is asleep. Toby lies in a cot. Dwight leans against the wall near the head of Toby's bed. He speaks in a low, reasonable voice:
57) 15) dialog: Dear Mom, Thanks for the birthday present. It fit fine. You don't have to worry so much. I'm okay here. The weather is nice, and I like Scouts a lot. Dwight took us all to see Bridge on the River Kwai. I liked it. So things are all right with me, except for stupid Pearl, who I hate. Don't worry all the time... 55   E)   (NIGHT) Dwight introduces Toby at a Scout meeting. All the other boys have on Scout uniforms. 55   F)   (DAY) Toby is on the utility porch  husking the horse chestnuts. His hands are now  orange. Pearl stands in the doorway watching him work. Norma appears beside Pearl. Norma's face  turns sympathetic.
58) 0) text: Toby and Pearl are playing a card game called "Slap- Jack." Toby slaps a card down hard, yelling "I win again!" and Pearl pouts.
58) 2) dialog: Wanna comb your hair, Pearl? Pearl covers her bald spot with one hand.
58) 3) dialog: Probably you do, since you've got such pretty hair.  I know if I had hair as pretty as yours, Pearl, I'd comb it all the time. Pearl is on the verge of tears. There are THREE TREMEN- DOUSLY LOUD FLAT-FOOTED KICKS against the front door.
59) 0) text: Dwight, Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl are enjoying the snowcream.
59) 7) dialog: (to Pearl; soft; happy)
59) 13) dialog: (surprised, pleased)
59) 20) text: ... then I want you to do it right. We'll do it right together. Dwight takes out a magazine entitled Boy's Life.    He hands it to Toby.
59) 22) dialog: Boy's Life?
59) 24) dialog: 'Suggested good turns a Scout can do: assist a foreign  boy with some English grammar.  Help put out a burning field.  Give water to a crippled dog.'  I could do those.
60) 0) text: Toby stands in front of a full-length mirror wearing a huge Scout uniform that's been unsuccessfully cut down for him.
60) 4) dialog: I'm not going.
60) 6) dialog: I'm not. Cut down Skipper's old stuff, and he's twice as big as me -- I'm gonna stay home.
61) 0) text: As Pearl watches Dwight also stands in front of a mirror, adjusting his hat. He is resplendent in a brand-new Scout uniform. Toby stalks into the room. Pearl laughs loudly.
61) 2) text: Shut your pie-hole. (to Toby)
61) 4) dialog: I look like an idiot.
61) 6) dialog: You said you'd get me a new uniform.
61) 11) dialog: But look at the sleeves and how it hangs down between my legs!
61) 13) dialog: Yeah, piss and moan -- I notice you're all jazzed up in new stuff.
61) 15) dialog: Oh, yeah, pull the other leg, it's got bells on it! Toby throws himself down on the sofa.
61) 18) dialog: All right, but this stinks. Toby walks outside.   Dwight follows.
62) 0) text: Dwight's Buick pulls up and Caroline bursts out the front door. She runs to the car and hugs Toby.
62) 2) dialog: Me, too.
62) 4) dialog: I'm okay.    I'm fine. Dwight comes around the car, kisses Caroline, and the three head into the house.
62) 6) dialog: It's just juice from some chestnuts -- it'll wear off.
63) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline and Marian are having a drink. Toby plays FATS DOMINO'S "Blue Monday" on the RADIO, the VOLUME LOW.
63) 11) text: ... and we had snowcream one night, and, oh, just lots of stuff. Caroline glances at Toby, then at Dwight, then back again.
64) 0) text: Toby and Caroline walk slowly, idly down the rail tracks. Toby avoids her eyes.
64) 2) dialog: It's fine.
64) 4) dialog: School's school. My grades are okay.
64) 7) dialog: He made us all snowcream, like he said.
64) 9) dialog: What?
64) 15) dialog: I'm fine.
64) 17) dialog: No, I'm fine.
64) 20) dialog: I think it's the best thing.
65) 0) text: Toby stops dead as he sees Dwight and Caroline locked in a busy kiss. He stops dead and shrinks back into the hallway, defeated.
66) 0) text: Toby is alone in the room    in his Boy Scout shirt and h in front of a mirror. A     copy of Boy's Life magazine i open in front of him with    drawings of Indians performi sign language. Watching     himself in the mirror, Toby makes a sign.
66) 4) dialog: Hungry. He makes another sign.
66) 5) dialog: Food. He makes another sign.
66) 6) dialog: Want. He makes another sign.
66) 7) dialog: Great mystery. He makes another sign.
66) 8) dialog: Father. He stares silently at himself in the mirror.
67) 0) text: Tarpaulins are everywhere. Toby stands surrounded by seven five-gallon cans of paint. Carrying paintbrushes, Dwight enters, dressed in old clothes singing "In The Still Of The Night."
67) 7) dialog: It's so white.
67) 12) dialog: Yeah, but it makes everything else look so dark. Dwight's face changes.      He has an idea.
67) 24) dialog: Yeah, you could say that.
69) 0) text: Caroline is trying to stifle her laughter, as she stares at the wilderness of white. Dwight and Toby, Skipper, Norma, and Pearl all stand watch.
70) 0) text: Dwight and Caroline are being married. Caroline wears a pale blue suit, and Dwight looks good in a navy single- breasted. Aside from Toby and Dwight's children, the only guests are Marian, Kathy, and three people we haven't seen before -- friends of Dwight's.
72) 0) text: Toby is eating toast at the kitchen table. Norma has made a big breakfast, and she hurriedly pours the coffee when she hears Dwight and Caroline's bedroom DOOR OPEN.
72) 2) dialog: So how's the bride?
72) 7) dialog: The bride doesn't want to chat?
72) 9) dialog: Well, the bride is sure snotty this morning. Smiling, Toby waits for some response to his teasing, but there is none. She turns away and sits at the table.
73) 0) text: Toby, his news bag slung over his shoulder, stands talking idly with two boys from school, OSCAR BOOKER and JIMMY VOORHEES. One of them says, "Uh-oh," and jerks his head to indicate where Toby and the other boy should look. They look in the direction indicated, and see Arthur Gayle coming down the road toward them, followed by a small black dog called Pepper. As the boys watch Arthur's approach:
73) 1) dialog: What's his name again?
73) 4) dialog: He sure walks like a girl.
73) 6) dialog: He smarted off to me the other day -- told me I was a bourgeois.
73) 13) dialog: Why?
73) 17) dialog: Oh, shut up.
73) 20) dialog: Why don't you take a long walk off a short pier?
73) 22) text: Excuse me, but has anyone ever told you your breath would gag a maggot? Both of Toby's friends laugh.
73) 23) dialog: Well, at least I'm not a great big sissy! Two things happen instantly: the superior smile vanishes from Arthur's face, and Toby's friends exchange a single expectant look: "Here it comes."
73) 37) dialog: Okay.
73) 39) dialog: Okay.   I take it back.
73) 41) dialog: You're not a sissy. Arthur immediately turns and walks away, but Toby ignores them and walks away in the opposite direction, delivering his hated newspapers.
74) 0) text: Caroline is painting the white walls a soothing buff color.  On the sofa lie half-finished curtains she's making.  She is totally focused. She hears Toby, turns, sees his filthy clothes. Her shoulders sag.
74) 2) dialog: Who asked you?
74) 9) dialog: Oh, the bride is calm.   Who the hell cares? Caroline refuses to argue. She picks up a piece of material and holds it up to the window to see if her choice of color was a good one.
75) 0) text: A worried Toby sits dreading Dwight's arrival. Behind him, on the wall, Toby has pinned the covers of fifteen copies of the Scout magazine: so that, above Toby's head are the words BOY'S LIFE fifteen times. There is a MURMUR of VOICES, and FOOTSTEPS COMING toward Toby. Toby expects the worst. But, surprisingly, Dwight is beaming.
75) 2) dialog: (surprised)
75) 5) dialog: Well, it wasn't black yet.
75) 12) dialog: I called him a sissy. Dwight hoots with laughter and slaps his leg.
75) 14) dialog: Well... he was just ready to. I called him a big-assed, squat- to-pee sissy. (as Dwight slaps his leg again)
77) 0) text: A steady downpour falls outside the porch. Dwight and Toby, both stripped to the waist, are boxing. Dwight is totally serious about this, absolutely sincere. The sweat streaming off the two, Dwight patiently correct Toby's movements, or catches the boy's fist to suggest better form. Their feet shuffle, squeak on the floor.
77) 2) text: Like this. This. Otherwise you leave yourself wide open. (as Toby tries)
78) 0) text: Caroline is on the telephone, her voice low. (Behind her, through a doorway, we can see Dwight and Toby boxing.)
78) 9) text: You think so, huh? You always did have an eye for Dwight, didn't you? (leans back; watches Dwight and Toby)
79) 0) text: Both Dwight and Toby sweating heavily.    They lean again a wall, resting.
79) 1) dialog: You said you'd show me how to dry-gulch somebody.
79) 7) dialog: I'm afraid I'll hurt you.
79) 9) dialog: But I might. Finally Toby gives a half-hearted "Hah!" and swings the side of his forearm toward Dwight's throat. Dwight catches the arm easily.
79) 13) dialog: You just about got dry-gulched, my man. Dwight manages a grin, but he is not happy to have been bested.
81) 0) text: Smoking a cigarette and wearing a nightgown, Caroline walks to the front door. She opens the front door and stands looking out. Then she puts her finger on the door and slowly pushes it shut with one finger. She does this once more. Then she does it again. She turns, walks toward Toby's room.
82) 0) text: Caroline enters and stands by Toby's bed. She bends over the boy and she starts to touch his hair, decides not to. She stares at Toby for a few beats.
84) 0) text: THROUGH a window, Dwight, dressed in his coveralls, leaves for work. Caroline is sewing on a machine whilst Toby leans against the kitchen sink.
84) 1) dialog: ... but ask him again, why don't you? I hate it so much.
84) 4) dialog: Then make him give me the money. It's mine, I earned it. It's $220.00 already.
84) 6) dialog: That's not fair. I ought to be able to have my own money. (as Caroline shrugs)
84) 12) dialog: Well, at least ask him about my gym shoes again. I can practice barefoot but for games I gotta have shoes.
84) 14) dialog: Oh, we know, we know: the bride won't argue. The bride won't raise her voice.
84) 16) dialog: Oh, I hate it here! I wish we could just get up and go.
84) 22) dialog: Big deal.
85) 1) text: "The Lawrence Welk Show" is ON the TELEVISION. Dwight, Caroline, Skipper, Norma and Pearl and Toby watch an Irish tenor sing a lugubrious ballad. Dwight stands in a corner of the room, his saxophone to his lips. He's playing along with the MUSIC, but silently. Occasionally he gets overcome and accidentally causes the saxophone to squawk. The Irish ballad ends, and Lawrence Welk's Champagne Orchestra strikes up a lively polka. Dwight takes a sip of his drink and grabs Caroline, pulls her to her feet, and begins to dance with her. A polka can be a decorous, contained dance. He dances Caroline vigorously around the living room, out into the kitchen, around the table, and then back again. Dwight is really good, and Caroline matches him every step of the way. Skipper turns the  VOLUME UP and Dwight kicks the dance into an even higher, wilder gear: The kids clap on the beat, the two whirl and stamp and spin.
86) 0) text: Dwight and Toby face one another in the living room. Both wear their Scout uniforms. Dwight holds a box of chocolate-coated cherries in one hand.
86) 1) dialog: I'm telling you I didn't.
86) 3) dialog: Well, you're wrong.
86) 5) dialog: How do you know Skipper didn't eat it? Or Norma? Or Pearl?
86) 7) dialog: Well, how do you know I even ate any?
86) 13) dialog: So what?
86) 20) dialog: (to Caroline)
86) 30) text: I'm so sick of that shit! And when he isn't singing, he's watching T.V. (to Toby)
86) 32) dialog: Oh, big, big deal, who cares, and as long as we're passing out news here, I don't want to do my paper route anymore.
86) 34) dialog: Then give me the money I earn!
86) 36) dialog: Mom,  won't you at least make him let  me have the shoes for gym? How  can I play basketball without gym  shoes? I'm the only one who -- Toby stops suddenly. He looks at Dwight for a beat or two, and then speaks in a different tone:
86) 37) dialog: It's not the shoes, is it? Or the candy. It's me, isn't it? You just can't stand the fact of me. Dwight glances at Caroline, who still looks at her sewing.
86) 54) text: You lay down and rest awhile. Dwight and Toby grab their caps and hotfoot it out the door.
87) 0) text: Father and son photographs are being taken. Dwight is the only father who wears a complete uniform and cap. When Dwight and Toby's turn comes, Dwight puts on a big smile and throws an arm around Toby's shoulder.
87) 3) dialog: Bastard.   Swallow that.
87) 5) text: Give my pud a big squeeze while you're at it, why don't you? Toby and the life-savers on either side of him laugh a bit.
88) 0) text: As Toby kneels down to tie his shoelace, a small black dog runs up to him. Toby pets it. Arthur Gayle, his black eye healed, stands ten feet away.
88) 2) dialog: Yeah, he's nice.
88) 7) dialog: (smiles)
88) 12) dialog: That's dumb. A little funny, though. How come your dad never comes to meetings with you?
88) 14) dialog: Sure -- compared to a ride home with Dwight, it'll be like heaven on a June day.
89) 0) text: Toby and Arthur are eating ice cream cones and smoking cigarettes at the same time. They walk slowly, desultorily. Though still effeminate, Arthur has dropped much of the flounciness that he uses in public.
89) 8) dialog: (shrugs)
89) 12) dialog: Why'd you point at me that day?
89) 14) dialog: Oh, come on, Arthur.   That's a little dramatic.
89) 18) dialog: I don't exactly feel like an alien. I've got friends here.
89) 23) dialog: Yeah, and you'll wind up a recluse that everybody says likes to dress up in his mama's old clothes.
89) 26) dialog: Burma-Shave! Arthur and Toby laugh.   As they walk on, though, Toby's face is thoughtful.
90) 0) text: Toby and ten other boys are practicing lay-ups. All the boys, Toby included, wear basketball uniforms. All the other boys wear gym shoes. Toby is barefooted. He is however, a smooth, skillful player.
91) 0) text: Toby tosses his last newspaper into a yard, folds his sack, and stands wearily for a few beats.
92) 0) text: A large, ugly DOG next to the box of baseball bats and gloves GROWLS and snaps at Toby as he goes past.
93) 0) text: As Toby enters the room, Norma exits, wearing theatrical makeup and a gypsy costume. Behind her, drink in hand, sits Dwight, wearing a suit and tie, watching the TELEVISION NEWS with the SOUND VERY LOW.
93) 1) dialog: Whose dog is that on the porch?
93) 6) dialog: Mine?
93) 8) dialog: A collie, though. Not this one.
93) 10) dialog: What d'you mean I paid for him? But Dwight doesn't answer.   Toby waits, then shrugs and leaves the room.
94) 0) text: Toby gets out his book of Indian signs.    He reaches up for his rifle, but it is gone.
95) 0) text: Toby walks in, Dwight is petting the dog.
95) 1) dialog: My Winchester's gone.
95) 4) dialog: I don't want it.
95) 7) dialog: I want my rifle!
95) 12) dialog: But, Dwight, that Winchester was mine.
95) 14) dialog: I'm not pissing and moaning.
96) 0) text: Toby sits on the front stoop. Caroline approaches carrying groceries. She notices Toby's expression.
96) 2) dialog: Dwight traded my rifle for a dog. He says the dog's for me, but it's some stupid dog he wanted. For a moment Caroline doesn't respond.       Then she nod head.
98) 0) text: Caroline walks to Toby, sits next to him on the stoop.
98) 7) dialog: Oh, Mom, can't we leave here? I hate it so much. You don't like it either -- all you do is stick your head in a sewing machine night and day. Let's just leave and start over someplace else.
98) 9) dialog: But if...
98) 11) dialog: If you say 'look for the good stuff,' I'm gonna get Dwight's 30/30 and shoot myself!
98) 13) dialog: Great. Just great. What a life: I gotta live with Dwight... I got a sissy for a new best friend...
98) 18) dialog: I got no rifle... I got no gym shoes...
99) 0) text: Arthur is playing the piano. He and Toby sing an old song called "I Wandered Today To the Hill, Maggie." Both of them are enjoying it. As they finish the song, Arthur says a dry "Will you be able to use your musical abilities at the A&amp;P?" Toby laughs and gives him a ha elbow in the ribs.
100) 0) text: Toby is using a nail clipper over a wastebasket when he hears:
100) 3) dialog: Yeah.
100) 5) dialog: God!
101) 0) text: Dwight and Toby are looking for something. They both shine flashlights around the dark attic, illuminating old magazines, dolls, etc. Dwight says, "I know I put 'em up here somewhere." Then Toby's flashlight lands on the unusual tub with the four blue stars which had held the beaver. Forgotten all this time, the beaver has transmogrified into a weird, two-foot high pile of what looks like cotton candy. And, hideously enough, the cloud-like stuff is still in the shape of the beaver. Then Dwight says, "Shit -- the roof must've leaked on 'em." Toby turns to where Dwight shines his flashlight on the ten boxes of chestnuts. Also forgotten, the chestnuts are    covered with mold, too -- but a different kind: this     is wet, slick-looki stuff that rises off the chestnuts    like dough in a breadpan. A spasm of rage crosses     Toby's face, and he turns and bangs out of the attic.
104) 0) text: The Buick, rolls silently down the driveway pushed by a straining but cautious Toby. Champ runs into the street, Toby tries to shoo him away. The DOG BARKS ONCE, and Toby quickly opens the car door and lets him in, STARTING the ENGINE.
105) 0) text: Toby drives fast leaving Concrete behind. He turns the RADIO ON, and a VOICE bawls out "Oh, Maybelline," Toby turns the VOLUME UP, turns it UP AGAIN, so that the MUSIC is DISTORTED. Toby begins to accelerate. The needle creeps past ninety, and hovers close to one hundred.
106) 0) text: The car is caught so that two of the wheels are off the ground, and can get no purchase. Toby starts walking back toward Concrete.
107) 0) text: Toby and Champ have been walking a long time.   A truck comes from behind Toby, pulls over.
107) 3) dialog: It's hard to explain.
109) 0) text: Toby silently closes the garage door, the Buick inside and heads for the house.
109) 6) dialog: Yeah, I am.
109) 8) dialog: Yeah, I slept about four hours.
109) 12) dialog: What engine?
109) 14) dialog: I don't know what you --
109) 15) text: Suddenly Dwight is across the floor and onto the bed. He straddles Toby and slaps him across the face with the left hand then the right, again and again. Toby holds a forearm protectively across his face. Dwight holds both Toby's hands with one of his and, slaps the boy's face again and again. Finally Toby manages to get his right hand loose.      He slams his forearm across Dwight's throat. Dwight rears back, choking and gagging. Toby throws off the covers and tries to run. Still choking, Dwight grabs the back of Toby's hair and forces the boy's face down against the mattress.
110) 0) text: A BELL RINGS as Dwight's BUICK SCREECHES to a stop and Toby gets out. As he heads toward the doors. Toby then turns to stare at Dwight's car. They lock eyes, then Dwight smirks and pulls away. Toby watches the car disappear, then spins around and walks into the school.
111) 10) dialog: I wish.
111) 12) dialog: Knock it off.
112) 0) text: Chuck Bolger's CAR SCREECHES to a halt, and Toby exits, followed by an empty Hawaiian Punch can which someone tosses after him. Toby gives a wave, starts toward the house, and the CAR LAYS RUBBER, while OVER that we hear Psycho SCREAMING, "AGH-H-H!"
113) 0) text: Pearl is setting the table and singing the Everly Brothers hit, "Bye, Bye, Love." The passage of two years has improved Pearl. Her bald spot has grown back in, and she has learned to fix her hair and use makeup. She smile and nods to Toby, never stopping her singing for a moment Toby stands next to her and sings harmony for a few notes It is clear that their relationship has improved. Toby stops singing.
113) 1) dialog: Where's Mom? Still singing, Pearl points to the living room.
114) 0) text: Caroline is watching a newscast of John Kennedy and Harry Truman at a press conference outside Truman's Missouri office. She hears Toby, turns to him. We see that the last two years have marked her. She's changed. Her expression is fixed, almost as if she were wearing a mask. Even the words are cheerful, but some of the old optimism is gone.
115) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline, Toby and Pearl sit at the table, eat- ing. Champ sits by Dwight's chair -- obviously his dog. Dwight seems unchanged by the two years. Just now, Dwight is in the middle of telling another of his "Dwight Is The Best" stories. From the bored faces around the table, this is another in a long series.
117) 0) text: Toby is brushing his teeth when Dwight enters.
117) 1) dialog: I'll be through in a minute. Dwight looks around.
117) 3) dialog: (not looking at him)
117) 4) text: Oh, Dwight, is that the best you can come up with? Angered, but keeping his voice low.   He pushes Toby's shoulder.
117) 8) text: My bathroom. I get to say. Got that? Still Toby doesn't respond -- Dwight reaches out and pinches the skin on Toby's waist, hard. Toby still doesn't respond, when Dwight begins to twist it. Toby spins around, eyes blazing.
118) 0) text: Toby exits the bathroom, then sees Caroline in a doorway. She's heard it all. They look intently at each other. Toby nods and walks on down the hall.
119) 0) text: Furious, Toby throws himself onto the bed, and snaps on a reading light. (Behind him, the wall is now completely papered with the front pages of the Scout magazine, so that we see the words BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE BOY'S LIFE repeated one hundred and twenty times.) Then Toby takes a slick brochure from under his pillow -- it's a bro- chure of Princeton. Photographs of beautifully tended lawns, and students on their way to class. Toby stares at the photographs, smoothing the pages carefully, long- ing in his face.
120) 0) text: Toby bangs onto the bus, throws himself into a seat beside Arthur. He hands a grade card to Toby.
120) 2) dialog: Shut up. He signs the grade card, saying, "Presto."
120) 8) dialog: He hears you do that, you're dead. Hey, lemme copy your math homework.
120) 10) dialog: I tell you I'm thirsty, you offer me a sandwich thank you and fuck you.
120) 12) dialog: Oh, Jaaack!
120) 14) dialog: (new tone)
120) 17) dialog: I mean it. I may go live with my brother Gregory in Princeton.
120) 19) dialog: He wrote me.
120) 24) dialog: No. But I'm going. Or maybe I could go to a prep school like Gregory did. Like my dad did.
120) 26) dialog: I don't know. Dwight owes me over twelve hundred bucks! If I hadn't let him keep my paper route money, I'd be okay.
120) 28) dialog: I think Dwight was right about you I think you fight for the pink team. Toby falls into another seat, then, pulls his head back and bangs it against the window. Then does it again, harder.
121) 0) text: His mood even fouler, Toby toils at his paper route. He throws the papers against the houses with all his might. Suddenly Chuck Bolger's CAR SCREECHES to a stop next to Toby. We hear Psycho's "Arghhh!" and Toby climbs into the car.
122) 0) text: We see the Concrete silo dimly-lit in the distance. We can read "Welcome To Concrete" on it. Toby is leaning against a wall in a large derelict Concrete plant staring at the silo. Behind him is a small campfire where the other guys are slumped around talking. Toby takes a long, angry pull on a bottle of whiskey, then turns around and heads toward them.
122) 20) dialog: Losers.   What a bunch of losers.
122) 22) dialog: All of you. (to Chuck)
122) 28) dialog: I know that, Psycho. That's my point: Ha, ha, ha. You guys are my buddies. You guys are my pals. And my dear old dad's called Dwight. (he spreads his arms wide)
122) 29) text: Welcome to Concreeee... Toby topples over and falls down a bank of rubble. The other burst out laughing and hooting. The CAMERA MOVES off them and CRANES DOWN to a spread-eagled Toby's face. The LAUGHTER ECHOES around the building. Toby begins to laugh, but it soon turns to bitter tears.
123) 0) text: Toby enters the small office where Caroline is running hundreds of flyers on a duplicating machine. Surprised she sees Toby's expression.
123) 2) dialog: I called Gregory at Princeton. (as Caroline reacts)
123) 5) dialog: I've got to get out of here, Mom. I've got to. I've got to get away.
123) 7) dialog: Saturday.
123) 9) dialog: He won't let you have the Buick.
124) 0) text: Graceful buildings, green lawns, a CARILLON CHIMING. Toby walks toward a large building.
125) 0) text: Twenty-three boys and Toby stand waiting restlessly for the tests to begin. Toby looks very different from the other intelligent looking, well-bred boys in his Elvis hairdo.
126) 0) text: Caroline turns as Toby gets into the car.
126) 2) dialog: Hard. I think I did okay.    I'll know Monday.
127) 0) text: Dwight sits at the table, a drink in his hand. Caroline hurriedly prepares dinner. She tosses a milk carton into a brimming waste basket, then speaks to Toby, who enters the room.
128) 0) text: Toby opens a metal trash can, dumps the trash, puts the lid back on, and then hesitates. He lifts the lid again and peers into the trash can, almost hidden, are the tips of four white envelopes made of heavy, expensive paper. He pulls them up and, though covered with tomato seeds, are undamaged.
129) 0) text: Toby walks in, fans out the four envelopes, speaks to Caroline.
129) 1) dialog: My application forms must've come today, and he threw them away.
130) 0) text: Toby has the applications open in front of him. We see the words "Official Transcript Required" on one application. On another we see spaces for the ap- plicant to list "Community Services" and "Athletic Achievements" and "Foreign Travel" and "Languages." Toby looks despairingly at the forms.
131) 0) text: Between classes, Toby and Arthur are at a row of lockers.
131) 2) dialog: But why? You work right in the office -- nobody'll ever know.
131) 4) dialog: I'm asking you to help me, man. I got word yesterday that I did really well on those tests -- but that's not enough. I've got to cheat and lie -- but I don't care: this is my one chance to get out of here!
132) 0) text: Toby is working with a table saw. Suddenly a two-inch- thick manilla envelope plops down beside him. He looks up to see Arthur standing beside him. Glancing around to see that he's unobserved, he checks the contents of the envelope: we see school stationery, blank transcript forms, and a stack of official envelopes. Toby closes his eyes. He's saved.
132) 4) dialog: You could leave too, you know.
133) 0) text: With his hand bandaged Toby sits at a typewriter with a blank transcript. He carefully types "TOBIAS WOLFF." Then, he begins to type the letter "A" in every slot for grades.
134) 0) text: Toby mails five letters.
135) 0) text: Toby lies in bed reading the paper. He still holds his hand in the air (the white bandage is now dingy). Caroline appears in the doorway.
135) 2) dialog: I'll do some this afternoon.
135) 4) dialog: I'll be in in a minute.    Let me finish this article.
136) 0) text: Toby starts up the sideway, Pearl exits the house with several letters in her hand.
137) 0) text: Three letters lie crumpled on the ground. Toby sits with his back against a tree trunk. Slowly Toby opens the fourth letter. Another refusal. Toby tosses it onto the ground with the others, leans his head back against the tree trunk, and closes his eyes.
138) 0) text: Dwight, Caroline and Toby read the papers.   Caroline notices Toby's sad face.
138) 3) text: Well, he's got about as much chance of one as of the other. Toby gets up and leaves.
139) 0) text: A beauty shop with a tired sign... "ARLENE'S GOLDEN COMB BEAUTY SALON," a beer joint, a pool hall, a woman's clothing store with headless mannequins. Toby surveys the scene, with an expression of despair. Toby catches his reflection in a store window.     He stares at himself.
139) 1) dialog: A Concrete boy. 139    INT. A&amp;P GROCERY STORE - EVENING Toby, wearing khakis, a shirt and a tie stands before the store manager.
139) 3) text: I'd want you to start evenings now, and I'd want you all summer -- no vacations. (as Toby nods)
139) 5) dialog: (straight)
140) 0) text: Dwight is listening to a PERRY COMO ALBUM.     Caroline a Pearl work on a jigsaw puzzle. Toby enters     the kitche coming from his paper route. He puts down     his paper s and immediately puts on his black bow tie,    preparing t go to the A&amp;P.
140) 7) dialog: I'll get a sandwich after work. Exasperated that conversation is continuing when he's trying to listen, Dwight reaches over, presses his hand down on the arm of the record player, then SCRAPES it back and forth on the record. It's a violent action, and it makes a GROTESQUE SOUND. The NEEDLE BOUNCES around on the scarred record. As the three of them stare at him, Dwight speaks calmly:
140) 10) dialog: Hello? All right.     Tomorrow, then. Goodbye. Toby hangs up, turns to Caroline, quietly:
140) 11) dialog: It's Hill School -- the last one I applied to. They haven't accepted me, but they're sending somebody up to interview me. Caroline upsets the puzzle getting up to hug Toby.
141) 0) text: Toby is sitting in a booth with MR. HOWARD, a man in his late thirties. Toby has made a real attempt to look good.    His hair is modified, and he wears a tie and a suit.
141) 1) dialog: ... Yeah, I enjoy my classes, especially the ones that are advanced, but I've been feeling a little restless lately. It's hard to explain.
141) 3) dialog: I think I would be. My father and brother went to prep schools.
141) 5) dialog: Deerfield and Choate. Mr. Howard is impressed.
141) 8) dialog: (honest)
141) 14) text: Arch moves toward the    back of the store toward the are where Toby sits. Toby     inches down a bit farther into booth. Arch stops at     a sunglass rack five feet from T and tries on a couple    of pairs.
141) 16) text: Arch decides to let the sunglasses go. He and Psycho move toward the front of the store, he talks about pussy. Toby exhales.
141) 18) text: Toby nods his head.
142) 0) text: Mr. Howard shakes Toby's hand.
142) 2) text: From O.S., we hear Dwight's voice, and Toby goes rigid.
142) 9) dialog: (weakly)
142) 10) text: That's, uh, that's this guy... he's a mechanic... did some bad work on our car... It's not much of an explanation, but Mr. Howard seems to buy it. He says goodbye to Toby, gets into his car, drives away. Toby stares after him.
143) 0) text: Toby walks in; his Elvis hair disappearing.    Pearl, who is boiling hot dogs, turns:
143) 6) text: I'm making hot dogs -- I'll make one for you. Can you put mustard on some bread for us? Toby gets a jar of mustard from a cupboard, but it's empty, so he tosses it on top of the trash can, gets a new jar and starts to open it. Dwight enters.
143) 9) text: Thinks he can go to some fancy prep school and fool everybody. Not a chance. I know a thing or two about a thing or two. Toby won't rise to the bait, and Dwight falls silent, he, looks around and sees the jar of mustard on top of the trash.
143) 11) dialog: I did.
143) 13) dialog: Because it was empty.
143) 19) dialog: It looks empty to me, too. Dwight pushes the jar against Toby's eye, leaving mustard stains on the boy's face.
143) 23) text: Now. Now, Mr. Big-Time Prep- School fucker, is it empty? Toby struggles, but Dwight has the strength of anger: trying always to protect his throbbing finger, Toby pulls free and jumps up from the table. Dwight is too quick for Toby, though: he grabs an even bigger handful of hair and forces Toby's face down onto the mustard jar again and again. And again. Each time he asks if the jar is empty. Finally, Toby gives up.
143) 24) dialog: (muffled)
143) 27) text: All right -- clean it out. His face smeared with mustard, Toby's expression is murderous. He picks up a knife and scrapes at the mus- tard, trying to get up under the neck. He manages to get a few brown and yellow smudges on the knife, which he transfers to the edge of a plate. Dwight watches.
143) 32) dialog: Yes! Dwight slaps Toby across the mouth and the battle is on. As Pearl stands frozen, Toby lunges at Dwight, they grapple and stagger around the room. GLASS SHATTERS, the kitchen table CRASHES over, and their feet STAMP and SHUFFLE but Toby is a wild man. Even though he has only one good hand. He lands a blow between Dwight's eyes that bangs the man back against the wall. Dwight grabs the pan with the hot water from the hotdogs, flings it at Toby. Most of it misses. Again they grapple. Toby manages to throw Dwight down, then grabs a broom that has fallen to the floor, presses it against Dwight's throat, using his good hand and one knee. Dwight's mouth gapes wide, his eyes bulge, and he jerks himself frantically trying to dislodge Toby, but Toby hangs on like grim death. Desperate, Dwight grabs Toby's bandaged hand, bringing it close to his own face, and bites the stump of Toby's injured finger as hard as he can. Toby and Pearl scream simultaneously. Pearl in horror, Toby in pain. Pearl runs into her bedroom. Toby reels back in pain, holding his freshly-bleeding hand. Dwight takes his chance, grabs Toby by the throat, forces him down onto the floor and begins to choke the boy. Toby's eyelids begin to flutter. He's losing consciousness.
143) 35) text: Get away from him or I will kill you. Toby manages to stand up, Caroline speaks to both of them
143) 40) dialog: I got the scholarship and he went nuts. He's crazy, and I'm leaving. (screams it)
143) 43) dialog: Give me my paper route money, and you'll never have to see my face again.
143) 45) text: That money is gone with the wind. (as Toby stares)
143) 46) text: That's right. I spent it as you made it. It's gone. Poof. Toby starts for Dwight again. Caroline grabs him, saying, "No. No. No," over and over, literally dragging Toby away from Dwight. Caroline looks at Dwight.
143) 51) dialog: I'm leaving, Mom. You can leave, too. You don't have to stay here.
143) 56) dialog: No, you don't.
143) 59) dialog: Yes, you could!
143) 62) dialog: Yes, you could! Caroline takes a deep breath, a weight has been lifted.
144) 0) text: Caroline and Toby slow to a walk after running, laughing, and catch their breaths.
144) 2) dialog: Man, oh man, oh man.
144) 4) dialog: Great, isn't it?
144) 9) dialog: Yeah, I'm out! I'm outta here! Maybe I'll crash and burn, but it's a chance, so I'm gone! I'm history, Histoire. Nobody's gonna tell me what to do now, nobody. I'm free as a bird. Sayonara nest. (yells it; really bawls it out)
144) 10) text: Heaven on a June day! Caroline's smile becomes fixed during Toby's speech and she begins to regard him oddly.
144) 13) dialog: What'd he say about you having a job in D.C.?
144) 15) dialog: So now you can go! Oh. Oh! I am so damn glad to get out of this place! I'll be in 'fourth form.' Doesn't that sound great? And if you get a two-bedroom place in D.C., I can come for vacations and summers. I'm out. I'm out! Caroline's eyes well up, and she lights a cigarette.
144) 16) dialog: (notices she's upset)
144) 18) dialog: She holds Toby at arm's length and studies him.
145) 0) text: Caroline and Toby stand next to a bus as the driver STARTS the ENGINE. She is close to tears.
145) 2) dialog: (nice)
145) 6) dialog: Get on the bus, Mom. Caroline puts her arms around Toby, kisses his cheek hard, then whispers something into his ear. When Toby speaks, his words are full of love:
145) 7) dialog: I know that, Mom. I've always known that. Caroline gets onto the bus, the DOORS CLOSE, WHOOSH and the bus pulls away. We see Caroline's face at a window. As the bus recedes, Toby turns and walks in another direction. His face is shining, incandescent with happiness. He breaks into a wide grin.