5) 0) text: THE LEG OF THE BED rattling and bouncing loudly off the f STOCK FOOTAGE - J.F.K. pumping the hand of NIKITA KRUSCHE
9) 2) text: CONTINUE TRACKING to a series of BURNERS, BEAKERS and TUB DANNY (cont'd) This guy's a regular Julia Child. Problem is, I'll be even Miss Julia fucks up the bouillabaisse from time to time.
14) 3) text: Bobby never takes his eyes off his arm. BOBBY (cont'd) (whispering) They're coming.
14) 6) text: Bobby readies the can of bug spray, his eyes widening. BOBBY (cont'd) (sing-song) I'm ready for you this time.
14) 7) text: Bobby lets loose with the spray, dousing his arm.
14) 9) text: Bobby's mouth wide with stupid joy and continues to cloud bug spray. BOBBY (cont'd) With Bobby you thought you could fuck?
14) 10) text: Danny and Jimmy wait silently.  Bobby finally stops spray he has killed the imaginary spiders. He looks up at Jimmy and Danny, his eyes swimming with st addled confusion. BOBBY (cont'd) Who the fuck are you?
14) 12) text: Bobby squints.
14) 19) text: A MUFFLED MOAN from under Bobby.  She is between the matt box springs.  BOBBY (cont'd) Shut the hell up, goddamit!
14) 20) text: Bobby starts slapping the top of the mattress with his ha MUFFLED SCREAMS from underneath. BOBBY (cont'd) I got no vocation skills!  What the fuck you want from me? (keeps slapping) I got no vocation skills!
14) 22) text: Bobby immediately stops.  Looks at Jimmy with incredulity
14) 25) text: Bobby springs from the bed, grabbing something as he rise Danny and Jimmy suddenly staring at a SPEARGUN which is l stainless steel spears. Bobby stands there alternately pointing the speargun at J Danny.
14) 27) text: Bobby nods towards something behind Danny.  Danny and Jim or speak. BOBBY (cont'd) Did you bring the plastic men? (beat) Did you bring the plastic men?
14) 28) text: Bobby rubs his nose.
14) 31) text: Bobby tilts his head. DANNY (cont'd) We were hoping to catch a few ourselves if you'll hook us up.
14) 37) text: Bobby twists a smile, revealing speed-blackened teeth.
14) 40) text: Bobby lowers his speargun.
17) 0) text: Everyone crashing.  Jonestown, post Kool-Aid.  It looks l all simultaneously fallen asleep where they were standing Danny stirs awake.  Looks around.  He stretches.  KNOCKIN BOTTLE OF BEER. ALL OTHER SOUND FADES OUT AS the beer SPLATTER to the flo UNNATURALLY LOUD. DANNY staring intently at the spilling liquid. The beer pools up on the floor. Danny transfixed by the image. The last few drops of beer LOUDLY splashing down.
20) 11) text: The humorless Garcetti hands Danny a "WANTED POSTER".  Bo glaring.
20) 25) text: A BEAT-UP ELMO DOLL and SOME COLORING BOOKS on top of the
22) 0) text: A GAGGLE OF ONLOOKERS, including a NEWS CREW, watching fr lot. BOBBY'S WOMAN screaming at the top of her lungs as she tr Bobby's sheet-covered body. A SWAT TEAM packing up nearby.  One of them suddenly does little Tai-Chi gesture. A LITTLE GIRL clutches at the screaming woman's legs. REVEAL DANNY, amongst the onlookers.  His expression give away. A ribbon of blood snakes from Bobby's body, over the park and runs into a storm drain. As the blood SPLATTERS to the bottom, mixing with a pool water. THE SOUND IS UNNATURALLY LOUD. INT. RESIDENTIAL HOTEL - GARDENA - NIGHT. The place cries out "YOU HAVE FINALLY HIT THE ABSOLUTE BO Danny exist the stairwell and approaches his door. A WOMAN ONE DOOR DOWN FROM DANNY'S ROOM struggles with he When she goes to open the door, one of the  bags breaks, contents onto the floor. Danny walks over.
22) 7) text: After a moment, the door swings open.  Danny is holding t with a big smile on  his face. DANNY (cont'd) You really oughta be more careful. This is not a good neighborhood.
23) 0) text: The burning room from the opening scene.  Danny's dirty c bed. He emerges from the shower, a towel wrapped around his wa a BIG STAR-SHAPED SCAR on Danny's shoulder. He walks over to the closet, takes a METAL LOCKBOX from t and puts it on the bed. Pulls a key from his pocket and unlocks the box. He sits at the contents for a moment, then gingerly takes them ou ... CLOTHES.  A white dress shirt, black slacks and wingt
24) 0) text: Danny dresses in his clothes, combing his hair.  He goes lock box and pulls something else out ... ... A TRUMPET CASE.  He walks over to the cheap vanity an front of the mirror and stars for a very long time.
26) 6) text: The trumpet goes back in the case. The lid is closed. The case goes back in the box. The neatly folded clothes are laid on top. The box goes back to the shelf. The light in the closet is turned off.
27) 34) text: Danny knocks Garcetti's hand away and stands up.  Garcett GARCETTI (cont'd) Apparently they call it a necktie because it hangs down about yay long and looks very similar to a tie. Isn't that weird, Danny?  Isn't that weird?
27) 39) text: Danny paces back and forth. TANNER (cont'd) And if you're that worried about it, maybe you ought to get out of town.
28) 0) text: Danny sitting cross-legged in front of a gravestone. A PICKUP TRUCK slowly winds its way up the access road to Danny stands up.  Dusts his pants off. The truck stops nearby.  The strains of GARTH BROOKS from Danny approaches.  The passenger's side window rolls down ... A BAD-ASSED ASIAN DUDE behind the wheel. He wears a c a rodeo belt.  He looks like the Chinese Marlboro man.  T An AIRBRUSH painting on the door panel - a bad likeness o astride a horse, dressed as a cowboy with a huge-breasted Anderson-type on the saddle behind him.
30) 0) text: Danny sitting at the bar, nursing a drink.  He looks nerv darting around for potential assassins. He has nothing to worry about with this crowd, harmless a Jimmy The Finn enters and approaches Danny.  Danny signal go to the back, then gets up and follows him, carrying tw
30) 15) text: Jimmy finishes his beer.  Danny signals to the cocktail w more beer. DANNY (cont'd) You hear about Bobby?
32) 0) text: A WAY-TOO-YOUNG BLACK KID stares DIRECTLY AT CAMERA, an A HANDGUNS, KNIVES, RIFLES AND SECURITY EQUIPMENT spread ou dining room table before him. He is squeezed into a terry-cloth jumpsuit, his body fest gold jewelry, his hair all wet jerry-curl. He looks like Barry White, Jr.
32) 2) text: The kid speaks in a HUSKY MONOTONE, completely FLAT and H sounds like one of those kids selling candy door-to-door memorized pitch told by rote. KID (cont'd) (rapid fire delivery) Glock semi-automatic 9 mm.  Tenifer matte finish, Polymer grip, fixed sights, 4 and 1/2 inch barrel, 22 ounces, double action and a 10 round magazine.  Mister, I could hook you up with this gun for the low price of three hundred and "fitty" dollars - well below market value. (next gun, no pause) Tangfolio semi-automatic.  This a 9mm too - seems to be the weapon of choice - try one and you'll understand why. Rubber grips, adjustable 3 dot sights, 4 and 1/2 inch barrel, 33 ounces.  Check out the eye-catching extended beaver tail just above the grip.  Got mad-ass double action and a surprising 16 round magazine. Mister, I want to sell you this gun and I can hook you up for the low price of 200 dollars. (next gun, breakneck pace) Maybe you looking for something in a chrome finish.  Something to impress the ladies. This right here is a Llama Mini-Max .38 Super Auto. semi-automatic. Fresh satin chrome, black rubber grip, 3 dot fixed sights, 3 and 1/2 inch barrel, skeletonized hammer with an extended slide release, eight capacity magazine and single action. Mister, I won't lie to you, this gun is not the bomb - it'll do the job, KID (cont'd) but it ain't all that.  That's why you can walk out of here with this gun for the incredible low price of one hundred and "fitty" dollar. (next one) Maybe you looking for power, mister. This gun got mad power, mad kick and mad reputation.  That's right, it's the Colt .357 Magnum revolver. Rubber combat-style grip, fixed rear, ramp front sights, 2 inch barrel. Weighs in at a feather-like 21 ounces.  6 shot capacity with double action. Mister, if you're looking for impact, the Magnum will satisfy all of your needs. (the last gun) I don't know you, mister, but you look like a man of style so maybe you in the market for a custom piece. Mister, it's your lucky day 'cause this gun got style to burn.  You lookin' at the Les Baer Custom Premier Tactical 45. Fresh blue finish, deluxe grips, 5 inch barrel, 37 ounces, guaranteed to shoot 1 1/2 groups at a distance of 50 yards.  Aluminum speed trigger, throated barrel, single action with 12 shot capacity magazine.  I could see you with this gun, mister.  And I can give it to you for the low price of seven hundred and ninety-five dollars.  Mister, these are my guns. All sales are final, and all prices are negotiable.
34) 3) text: The dude looks down at this beat-up motorcycle boots.
37) 0) text: Jimmy driving.  Danny in the passenger's seat, looking do ... the floorboard, or lack thereof.  It is completely ru freeway rushes by underneath.
38) 2) text: A REMOTE CONTROLLED CAR trundles out of the garage and al driveway. Inside the car, FOUR PIEGEONS, their bodies wra Pooh-Bear working the remote control device. POOH-BEAR (cont'd) Zapruder?
38) 16) text: The three men open up simultaneously. GRAINY FOOTAGE: a mass of feathers flying as the pigeons Pooh-Bear pumps his fist. POOH-BEAR (cont'd) Yes!  Yes! (beat) Out! That's a wrap.  Good job, boys. Good job.
39) 60) text: Pooh-Bear takes something from the kitchen counter and to table ... ... a store-bought package of COW BRAINS. QUICK FLASH BACK: REVEAL that Pooh-Bear has been standing section in a GROCERY STORE. He is looking down at the pac BRAINS in his hand.
41) 2) text: Danny, Jimmy, Kujo and Creeper sitting in a booth. Jimmy and Creeper are amped, jaws grinding, eyes bugging. Kujo rambles on but Danny isn't listening. He looks exhau is pinched, there are bags under his eyes.  He scans the on ... ... Colette AND HER TRASHY DUDE BOYFRIEND Colette sees Danny looking.  Smiles at him.  Danny return until the trashy dude looks over.  Danny looks away.
43) 9) text: Danny amused by the conversation.  He sees something out of his eye ... The boyfriend kissing Colette roughly.  She obviously isn it. Danny watching intently. KUJO (cont'd) Danny, come on. If I'm gonna let you in on the opportunity of a lifetime, the least you can do is pay attention.
46) 0) text: Kujo emerges from the stairwell, also alone, approaching He is wearing shorts, a tank top and after-ski boots.  He powdery crank donut around his nostrils. KUJO (cont'd) With alpha team following from the elevator, number two team will approach from the stairwell, cutting the courier off before he reaches the lab.
51) 0) text: Kujo bolts out the front door, into the street and direct path of ... ... an ONCOMING AMBULANCE, which drags him underneath for feet.
53) 7) text: She looks up. That face. Those eyes. Everything about her involved."
55) 0) text: Urban blight abounds
56) 0) text: The grafitti-filled, cluttered shell of what used to be s offices. BUBBA THE ASIAN COWBOY sitting on a desk. Danny pacing ba in front of him.
57) 0) text: Tanner and Garcetti ensconced in an alley diagonally acro Garcetti pointing a LONG-RANGE PARABOLIC MICROPHONE at th building.  He and Tanner wear earpieces, which are attach mike.
59) 26) text: Danny gaped-mouthed. He can't believe it. GARCETTI (cont'd) Somebody tipped up, dipshit.
60) 4) text: Tanner rolls his eyes. DANNY (cont'd) I swear. That's all he gave me. Hell, I didn't give him my real name either (off their skeptical looks) He figured the less we know about each other, the better.
73) 48) text: He closes the keyboard cover. 
77) 17) text: Little Bill drops Danny's trousers.  Danny about to objec started into silence. The saturnine Pooh-Bear raises his head, illuminating his isn't wearing his prosthetic nose.  A GAPING HOLE WHERE H BE.  He looks like some obscene human bat. Pooh-Bear holds up the plastic nose he has been cleaning, under the light. POOH-BEAR (cont'd) Introduce him to Captain Steubing.
77) 47) text: Pooh-Bear leans forward and opens the Plexiglas partition inch. THE WEASEL bolts for the opening, gnashing its teeth, try through.
77) 63) text: Big Bill checks all of Little Bill's pockets, coming up e The weasel has squeezed about a third of the way through
77) 72) text: Danny extracts himself from the cage just as ... ... the weasel bolts through the opening and springs for the cage.
82) 0) text: NANCY AND VERNE PLUMMER watching TV. Photos of Liz on top of a baby grand piano.  A SHRINE OF CATHOLIC ICONS ABOUND: crucifixes, Virgin Mary's, needle A KNOCK ON THE DOOR.  Nancy gets up to answer.
84) 0) text: Danny sitting at a table, the lockbox open in front of hi He is endorsing the back of a life insurance check.  His driver's license laying next to it.
84) 6) text: He pockets the check and the license, closes the lockbox to the door. Colette standing on the other side.  Her FACE AND ARMS AR BLUE WITH BRUISES.
84) 40) text: Something about Danny's voice - a raw vulnerability - whi seen in him before.  MOVE OFF of Danny and ONTO THE FLASH
86) 0) text: A CHUBBY GUY sitting on the couch in his underwear, watch WESTERN.  He sits there with wide eyes, GRINDING HIS JAWS Danny, Liz AND BO, the affable owner of the house, lookin the kitchen table.
86) 1) dialog: What you want to do is go back the way you came and make a left at the bottom. It'll take you right to the highway.
86) 3) dialog: Are you Australian?
86) 5) dialog: Good. I fucking hate Australians.
86) 8) dialog: Yeah? First door on the right. It ain't that dirty.  Just kinda' filthy is all.
86) 10) dialog: No, I don't mind.  That's how come I told you about it.
86) 14) dialog: You know. This and that.
86) 16) dialog: Skeeters. They're bad up here.
88) 0) text: Empty except for Danny and Jimmy in a back booth. Danny s envelope over to Jimmy.
95) 2) text: Danny looks self-conscious. TRAHN (cont'd) About a year and half ago, Mr. Van  Allen's wife was murdered at a meth  lab out near the Salton Sea. No one  was ever apprehended for the crime  but local authorities have always  assumed it was a hit and grab  perpetrated by rival drug dealers.  That is, until Tom here took it upon  himself to conduct a one-man  undercover operation at great risk to  his own personal safety.
96) 0) text: Danny and DETECTIVE BOOKMAN, a homicide detective, sittin
96) 2) text: Danny shakes his head. BOOKMAN (cont'd) Was it a truck?  S.U.V.? Sedan?
96) 6) text: ANOTHER DETECTIVE enters the room, hands something to boo whispers into Bookman's ear. Bookman nods. BOOKMAN (cont'd) You said one of the perpetrators crossed  in front of the headlights ...
96) 12) text: Bookman holds up a small plastic evidence baggie.
96) 14) text: Bookman holds it up to the light. Inside, ONE BRIGHT RED ON DANNY staring at the hair, remembering something...
100) 0) text: Danny sitting at a table, poring over a YEARBOOK for the VARIOUS SHOTS OF REDHEADS along with their majors. Danny continues thumbing through the book. Stops. A LOOK ON HIS FACE. DETAIL OF A PHOTO: a balding red head with a streak of wh through it. Danny staring intently. REVEAL REST OF PHOTO: It is TANNER. Underneath the photo, criminology.
119) 0) text: Tanner and Garcetti negotiating a washboard dirt road in
129) 2) text: REVEAL that the car is on a bluff above POOH-BEAR'S COMPO Danny pulls up in a rental car.
131) 14) text: He's in shock.  He grabs the duffle bag from the table an down the hallway, into the living room. OUTSIDE - Tanner and Garcetti at the front door, listenin their ski-masks on, take out their guns, then silently en INSIDE - gunsmoke abounds.  One of the guys MOANS on the Tanner and Garcetti enter the kitchen, guns drawn and rea survey the scene. Bodies everywhere. Big Bill lays there dying, staring with confusion at the his hands. Danny lying in a heap, next to Big Bill. Suddenly, they hear POOH-BEAR MUMBLING from somewhere in Tanner signals for Garcetti to take point.  They head dow hallway, slowly and silently.  When they are gone ... ... Danny stirs on the floor. His eyes open. He opens his checks his torso REVEALING THAT HE IS WEARING HIS BULLET- He struggles to a sitting position, in great pain from th bruises left by the bullets. He picks up his gun, gets up on wobbly legs and follows T Garcetti down the hall. ON DANNY as he creeps down the hall.
136) 0) text: ON DANNY standing in the hallway, staring, his face a bla ON POOH-BEAR - cooking up a huge dose of meth with a ligh dollar bill. He draws the meth into a syringe then turns on the stereo remote. A YODELING INSTRUCTION TAPE BLASTS FROM THE SPEAKERS. Pooh-Bear prepares to dose, looking for a vein in his nec noticing ... ... Garcetti's gun moving to the back of Pooh-Bear's head Pooh-Bear about to plunge the drugs when GARCETTI FIRES. Pooh-Bear pitches forward, dead.  The syringe falls to th Tanner and Garcetti standing over him.  They pull their s
136) 10) text: Danny shoots Tanner in the shoulder.  He collapses to the ON GARCETTI - his eyes flutter and open. Danny walks over to Tanner and stands above him. DANNY (cont'd) ... there's two guys with masks and guns in the other room about to kill your wife.
136) 11) text: Tanner looks at Danny, confused. DANNY (cont'd) But you know if you go out there, they'll kill you, too.  You'll both die.  What do you do?
136) 12) text: Tanner realizes what Danny is talking about. DANNY (cont'd) Do you go out there and die like a man or do you live to fight another day?
136) 35) text: Danny jams the SYRINGE INTO TANNER'S THROAT all the way d plunger, dosing him with the meth. Tanner goes down, blood bubbling from his throat around t His eyes roll back as he  convulses from the drugs. Danny struggles to his feet. Tanner quivers from head to toe like some freaked-out Pen the throws of a holy possession. Danny pulls the syringe from Tanner's throat.  A LONG WET ESCAPES. Suddenly, A NOISE BEHIND DANNY. Garcetti standing there pointing his gun at Danny, rockin back and forth, a bullet hole in his cheekbone.  He looks Danny doesn't move. TANNER STILL WHEEZING. Garcetti looks like he wants to shoot his gun, but can't. looking down at his hand, trying to get it to obey. Danny calmly walks over and takes the gun from Garcetti. Garcetti puts his hand to his nose and blows out a clot o looks down at his hand. He has hacked up the bullet he was shot with. Garcetti smiles an embarrassed smile at Danny.  TANNER'S CONTINUES.
137) 14) text: Quincey holds up the baggie of drugs. Danny looks from Quincey to Colette.  Colette looks away. QUINCEY (cont'd) You fuck with the Mexicali Boys, this is what you get, homes.
139) 2) text: Danny looks through the window of the shop. Colette inside, working the counter, pouring coffee. DANNY (cont'd) But what about this guy? Who is he?