32) 0) text: A WAY-TOO-YOUNG BLACK KID stares DIRECTLY AT CAMERA, an A HANDGUNS, KNIVES, RIFLES AND SECURITY EQUIPMENT spread ou dining room table before him. He is squeezed into a terry-cloth jumpsuit, his body fest gold jewelry, his hair all wet jerry-curl. He looks like Barry White, Jr.
32) 1) dialog: Mister, I only deal in high-end weapons.  All guaranteed stolen and traceable only to their original owners.  All sales are final and all prices are negotiable.
32) 2) text: The kid speaks in a HUSKY MONOTONE, completely FLAT and H sounds like one of those kids selling candy door-to-door memorized pitch told by rote. KID (cont'd) (rapid fire delivery) Glock semi-automatic 9 mm.  Tenifer matte finish, Polymer grip, fixed sights, 4 and 1/2 inch barrel, 22 ounces, double action and a 10 round magazine.  Mister, I could hook you up with this gun for the low price of three hundred and "fitty" dollars - well below market value. (next gun, no pause) Tangfolio semi-automatic.  This a 9mm too - seems to be the weapon of choice - try one and you'll understand why. Rubber grips, adjustable 3 dot sights, 4 and 1/2 inch barrel, 33 ounces.  Check out the eye-catching extended beaver tail just above the grip.  Got mad-ass double action and a surprising 16 round magazine. Mister, I want to sell you this gun and I can hook you up for the low price of 200 dollars. (next gun, breakneck pace) Maybe you looking for something in a chrome finish.  Something to impress the ladies. This right here is a Llama Mini-Max .38 Super Auto. semi-automatic. Fresh satin chrome, black rubber grip, 3 dot fixed sights, 3 and 1/2 inch barrel, skeletonized hammer with an extended slide release, eight capacity magazine and single action. Mister, I won't lie to you, this gun is not the bomb - it'll do the job, KID (cont'd) but it ain't all that.  That's why you can walk out of here with this gun for the incredible low price of one hundred and "fitty" dollar. (next one) Maybe you looking for power, mister. This gun got mad power, mad kick and mad reputation.  That's right, it's the Colt .357 Magnum revolver. Rubber combat-style grip, fixed rear, ramp front sights, 2 inch barrel. Weighs in at a feather-like 21 ounces.  6 shot capacity with double action. Mister, if you're looking for impact, the Magnum will satisfy all of your needs. (the last gun) I don't know you, mister, but you look like a man of style so maybe you in the market for a custom piece. Mister, it's your lucky day 'cause this gun got style to burn.  You lookin' at the Les Baer Custom Premier Tactical 45. Fresh blue finish, deluxe grips, 5 inch barrel, 37 ounces, guaranteed to shoot 1 1/2 groups at a distance of 50 yards.  Aluminum speed trigger, throated barrel, single action with 12 shot capacity magazine.  I could see you with this gun, mister.  And I can give it to you for the low price of seven hundred and ninety-five dollars.  Mister, these are my guns. All sales are final, and all prices are negotiable.
136) 24) dialog: Tenifer matte finish, Polymer grip, fixed sights, 4 and 1/2 inch barrel, 22 ounces, double action and a ...
136) 25) text: QUICK FLASHES of all the shots Danny fired with the Glock - TWO at Big Bill - FOUR at the guys at the table - ONE at Garcetti - THREE  at Tanner THE KID AGAIN.
136) 26) dialog: ... and a TEN ROUND magazine ...
136) 27) text: ON DANNY.  Still staring at the gun. He knows the gun is notices something on the floor ... ... THE LOADED SYRINGE. KID (cont'd) Or did I say ELEVEN?
136) 28) text: Danny trying to remember. KID (cont'd) Which was it, mister?  Was it ten or was it eleven? (beat) Pretty big fucking difference if you ask me.