11) 5) text: They take the socks out and being rearranging them again. Three guys squeezed onto a couch together: KUJO, JIMMY TH CREEPER.  Kujo is talking a blue-streak.  He makes Dennis mealy-mouthed. Creeper and Jimmy stare straight ahead, clearly bugging.
11) 6) dialog: So the alphabet, I mean look at it, there's 26 letters.  Why not 27 or 28 or 106?  And the vowels: a, e, i, o, u. What the hell is up with that?
11) 8) dialog: What I'm saying is that I love it! It's great. I could go on all night about it.
11) 9) text: And he does. KUJO (cont'd) Let's take every letter individually. I mean, let's really break the mother's down.
11) 13) text: DANNY'S P.O.V. - SCANNING THE ROOM.  NO SOUND.  The girl' socks ... Kujo ranting on ... Creeper and Jimmy the Finn jaws ... the BLANKETS AND TINFOIL ON THE WINDOWS. DANNY (cont'd) We've been at this for three days ... or is it four?  Tweakerrs, lokers, slammers coming and going, swearing eternal allegiance and undying love for one another, only to wake up after the binge and realize you wouldn't walk across the street to piss on one of 'em if their head was on fire. (beat) Is it three days or is it four?
11) 16) dialog: OH SHIT! WE'RE OUT OF DRUGS!
41) 2) text: Danny, Jimmy, Kujo and Creeper sitting in a booth. Jimmy and Creeper are amped, jaws grinding, eyes bugging. Kujo rambles on but Danny isn't listening. He looks exhau is pinched, there are bags under his eyes.  He scans the on ... ... Colette AND HER TRASHY DUDE BOYFRIEND Colette sees Danny looking.  Smiles at him.  Danny return until the trashy dude looks over.  Danny looks away.
41) 3) dialog: Danny, listen up.  Here's the deal ... my wife's pimp knows a guy who works at Cedars Sinai medical lab.  They're getting a very special delivery a week from this Friday.
41) 5) dialog: Better than drugs.
41) 6) text: Kujo leans in and lowers his voice
41) 7) dialog: Bob Hope's stool specimen (beat) We're gonna boost it.
41) 9) dialog: So we can sell it.
41) 11) dialog: I don't know.  A collector.  Fuck Danny, it's Bob Hope.
41) 13) text: Danny shakes his head in amazement, then looks back at Co She sneaks another look at him. ON THE TABLE - Kujo slides a drink glass in front of him.
41) 14) dialog: Check it out.  This is the lab.
43) 2) dialog: It's the lab.
43) 4) dialog: Cuba Libre
43) 6) dialog: Don't worry about it.
43) 8) dialog: No, you can't taste it.  It's the fucking lab! Now shut up.
43) 9) text: Danny amused by the conversation.  He sees something out of his eye ... The boyfriend kissing Colette roughly.  She obviously isn it. Danny watching intently. KUJO (cont'd) Danny, come on. If I'm gonna let you in on the opportunity of a lifetime, the least you can do is pay attention.
43) 10) text: Danny turns back to the table. Kujo slides another glass KUJO (cont'd) This is the courier
43) 12) text: Kujo rolls his eyes.  He uses a peanut instead.
44) 1) dialog: He delivers at four o'clock on the nose every Friday.  Alpha team will be in the elevator with the courier. That'll be Danny and Creeper.
44) 2) text: MOVE INTO THE ELEVATOR - Creeper standing in the corner a on his feet, drool trickling down his mouth. KUJO (cont'd) Every member of the team will be equipped with night vision goggles, a police scanner and two-way radios.
45) 0) text: He slides over two peanuts behind the courier peanut. KUJO (cont'd) ... number two team, which will be me and Jimmy, will be positioned in the stairwell at the other end of the hall.
45) 1) text: Kujo slides over two more peanuts. The trashy dude heads into the bathroom.  Danny sneaks an Colette.  This time, she gives him a big smile.
46) 0) text: Kujo emerges from the stairwell, also alone, approaching He is wearing shorts, a tank top and after-ski boots.  He powdery crank donut around his nostrils. KUJO (cont'd) With alpha team following from the elevator, number two team will approach from the stairwell, cutting the courier off before he reaches the lab.
47) 0) text: The courier peanut is now surrounded by the other peanuts cashew. KUJO (cont'd) Facing superior numbers and an array of high-tech weapons the courier will have no choice but to comply with our de
48) 0) text: Kujo and the courier playing tug-of-war with the case.  K dustbuster vacuum at the courier like it was a gun.
49) 1) dialog: Jesus Jimmy, you at the alpha team.
50) 0) text: Kujo tumbling head-over-heals down the metal steps.  He g feet, a bloody mess. The kit has sprung open, sending shit samples everywhere. Kujo quickly scrapes as much as he can back into a contai off.
51) 0) text: Kujo bolts out the front door, into the street and direct path of ... ... an ONCOMING AMBULANCE, which drags him underneath for feet.
52) 1) dialog: So what's it gonna be, Danny boy? You in or out?
52) 2) text: Trashy dude goes to Colette.  It looks like he wants to l doesn't. KUJO (cont'd) Danny!