14) 6) text: McGrath looks to the singer (Rita), who beats a hasty retreat from him after her song. So, once again, McGrath lays his rheumy eyes on...
16) 7) text: He punctuates with a slap to Gordon/Dora's rump.      The other singer (Rita) watches too.
24) 1) text: It takes Gordon a moment to recover. He stares at this black Samaritan, obviously having no clue who he is. GORDON (clears throat to recover falsetto) Looks can be deceivin'... dark stranger. I am perfectly fine.
50) 1) text: Hey... get your hands off me! Now Miss Lippenreider, Amazonia and Munitia (bewigged and wearing costumes) wrangle a beautiful and defiant Latina into the room. When she turns we recognize she's the singer from Fat-Can's. Rita is in her early 20s, wearing a 19th-Century camisole so scanty, it makes it hard to concentrate on what she's saying. RITA
50) 3) text: You applied for the position. RITA
50) 5) text: Do not be selfish and stupid. He always spoils his new girl. RITA
63) 5) dialog: (dryly) Really?
63) 6) text: To Rita's amazement, Gordon opens his jacket and unbuttons his vest to reveal... a complete miniature tool shop. Quickly he pulls out a thin cable and attaches it to a tiny wheel on the spur of one of his boots. RITA I'm Rita. I was hired here as an entertainer. Not that I'm complaining, but what are you doin' in here? GORDON (looking up miles of leg) Looking for some missing scientists... not that I'm complaining.
63) 7) text: Gordon unsnaps the sole of his shoe. It becomes a pedal that operates the wheels' rotation. Now he removes a bit and handle from his vest and attaches the cable. Starts to pump his foot. It's a foot-powered drill. GORDON I'm a special U.S. Marshal on assignment from the President. RITA (almost impressed) If you're so special, how come you're lookin' up here when Loveless has 'em all workin' down in the dungeon? (rattles bars impatiently) Get me out of here and I'll take you down there.
63) 10) text: But Rita isn't listening to the food review. Her mind's racing. Finally, the LOCK CLICKS and the cage door swings open. Gordon takes the distressed damsel in his arms, lifts her out. RITA (suddenly a coquettish smile) Thank you... Artemus, was it? GORDON One doesn't forget a smile like that. Now where in the world was it...? Have you ever played the Empire Room... the Bijou Cafe perhaps...?
65) 4) text: Suddenly, there's a VOLLEY of SHOTS from some cracker sharpshooters. West responds with an amazing display of RAPID-FIRE marksmanship, picking off half a dozen of Loveless's shooters, even while the carriage bumps wildly on its getaway. BLAMBLAMBLAMBLAM!!! WEST (still pissed, to Gordon) Hang'm!?! GORDON (to Rita) Meet my trigger-happy partner, James West... who doesn't seem to realize that my carefully planned diversion gave me the opportunity to search for the missing scientists.
65) 5) text: Now West notices the half-dressed bombshell in the carriage. WEST Scientist, huh. GORDON This is Rita. I found her locked in a cage in Loveless's bedroom. She's an entertainer. RITA Um, maybe I haven't been quite honest about that... My name is Rita Escobar. I came to find Guillermo Escobar, the scientist, my... father.
65) 6) text: Gordon's eyes pop. GORDON Professor Escobar?! He was the one I almost rescued that night when... (lightbulb) That's where I know you from! Fat-Can Candy's... you sang before I did. RITA Excuse me?
65) 9) text: Gordon starts singing the song... West rolls his eyes, cuts off the chit-chat. WEST Look, Rita, I'm sorry you had the wrong agent working on your case. When I find your father I promise I'll send him back safely...
65) 10) text: And with that... West suddenly leaps over Rita -- lands on the back of one of the horses. He grabs a handful of mane, leans over and unclips the harness. And with a kick in the ribs, West is off at a gallop -- leaving Gordon, one remaining horse and an awed Rita behind to chew his dust. RITA He's impulsive, James.
72) 5) text: Rita can't handle Gordon's clinical posturing. RITA Excuse me, I think I'm going to be sick.
73) 0) text: General McGrath, washed up on the shore. West looks down at him. Now Rita, still looking green around the gills, rejoins the party. WEST That's when I vowed to follow McGrath to the end of the earth.
73) 1) text: As grey as four-day-old mullet, McGrath manages a smile for his relentless pursuer. McGRATH (barely audible) What's the matter, West? Thought you'd be happy to find me... like this. WEST I was hoping to kill you myself. RITA That's a nice way to talk to people. McGRATH You'll have to live with it... As I've lived with the blame for New Liberty.
73) 6) text: West turns to her... well? RITA I'll tell you if you take me along. WEST (in no mood) Just tell me. RITA The girls at the mansion. They talk. (imitating a la Lippenreider) 'I vonder if my hair vill get frissy in ze desert...? Vhere is diss Ooo-tah anyvay?'
78) 0) text: Rita disappears from view in a cloud of steam...
79) 3) text: Suddenly there's a WHOOSH and Rita falls through the ceiling and plops in the chair just like West did earlier. He instinctively pulls his gun. Puts it away as Gordon muses about her anatomy. GORDON (O.S.) (not realizing she's there) Not that Rita doesn't have a figure that would inspire a Botticelli... or a Raphael.
79) 4) text: Rita raises an eyebrow, looks to the galley as Gordon comes out with a platter of food. He still doesn't see her there. GORDON ... especially her breasts. Did you notice the way one of them... (cups his hands) Both of them actually... to say nothing of her buttocks...
79) 6) text: Gordon gestures for West to join him at the pool table. Rita immediately goes for the food.
79) 10) text: Gordon turns to her, exasperated with himself. GORDON I am so embarrassed. WEST I'll spare you. (to Rita) Make yourself a sandwich to take with you. You're getting off.
80) 0) text: Rita hasn't even waited for anyone's approval to start eating. West shakes his head at her chutzpa. RITA But... I can help you. WEST How could you possibly help us? RITA Well, I heard you talking about why all those foreign guys were at Loveless's party...? You want me to tell you? GORDON By all means.
80) 1) text: She uses the time to get another bite into her mouth. RITA (to Gordon, chewing) This is fantastic. You can cut it with a fork! How'd you cook it?
80) 5) text: West cuts off the chit-chat. WEST What about the foreign guys?! RITA They were mad about something, you know? Something about a real bad deal in Louisiana on purpose. GORDON The Louisiana Purchase? RITA And Queen somebody-somebody of France got swindled. GORDON Queen Isabella of Spain.
80) 7) text: West picks up the speaker horn and calls Coleman. WEST (into speaker horn) Coleman, stop the train! Miss Escobar's getting off. COLEMAN (V.O.) (over pipe) Who the hell's Miss Escobar? RITA (grabs horn) I'm a frightened, starving, half- naked young woman who only wants to find her father! COLEMAN (V.O.) (over pipe) Half-naked?
80) 11) text: West looks out the window. Nothing but sagebrush and animal skulls out there. Rita comes up close to Jim, fire in her big, brown eyes. RITA Please, Jim. My father's the only family I've got. What am I supposed to do? Sit home and wait for news he's been killed? Or go do something! What would you do, Jim?!
80) 12) text: That gets the man of action where he lives. WEST Look, I got nothing against you, Rita. It's just that... What's going to happen when we catch up to Loveless... with you on the train?
80) 13) text: She grabs West's hand. RITA I know you'd never let him take me back. I've seen you shoot.
80) 14) text: West kinda melts a little. This girl does have her charms. Gordon, a little jealous, puffs his chest out. GORDON I assure you, Rita, an attack by Loveless would be an exercise in futility. (stands for tour) ... Allow me to demonstrate how my design suggestions have made the Wanderer impervious to attack.
80) 20) text: Finally he moves to the billiard table, while Rita nods ... and keeps eating. GORDON And if, by some inconceivable fluke, they did manage to gain entrance... (rolls billiard ball into bumper) An innocent billiard ball this way. (picks it up, presses the number) But depress the number... a sleeping gas bomb. Effective in under three seconds.
80) 21) text: Gordon unclicks it, triumphantly rolls it into a pocket. GORDON So rest assured, Rita... you are completely safe within these walls.
80) 22) text: West snorts at his obvious play for Rita's attentions. WEST I don't know about you, ma'am, but I know I'll be sleeping a whole lot better tonight... (yawns) ... assuming Loveless barges in here and feels like a game of pool. RITA Speaking of sleeping, I'm pretty tired. Artemus, do you think I could borrow something to wear?
81) 0) text: West and Gordon have bunked down on opposite couches, both deep in thought. WEST Loveless kidnapped two chemists, that means there's gonna be explosives. He's got a metallurgist, so there's gonna be heavy armor. And he's got Rita's father, who -- according to you -- is the world's foremost specialist in hydraulics. Which means, whatever it is... it's gonna move.
81) 1) text: West sits up. WEST So what, is he building that's gonna make the President fall to his knees and surrender the country? GORDON A bedside heater. WEST What? GORDON Rita. She    needs a bedside heater. I mean, it   gets cold in there, you know, with   the stained glass window right over   the --
81) 3) text: Rita leaves... GORDON Such a pleasant girl.   A real breath of fresh ass.
82) 1) text: As they scramble for boots, weapons, Rita comes out of he room. RITA What's going on?
88) 3) text: As West looks out the back too... KA-BOOM!! A SHELL EXPLODES just to the right of them. Now ANOTHER EXPLOSION to the left of them. The Wanderer rocks precariously from wheel to wheel, throwing a screaming Rita back and forth between West and Gordon. WEST They couldn't fire the cannon at us from in front. Any other questions?
89) 1) text: With a shrug, Gordon tosses West a rope and hits the same hidden button he had during their fight. Whoosh! West is gone as the pool table flips over. As Rita covers her mouth in amazement... GORDON I taught him how it worked.
93) 0) text: Gordon, realizing another invention of his needs some tweaking, snaps out his pen and pad. As he scribbles a note, Rita considers the exotic pen holder. RITA
96) 0) text: Rita turns away, buries her head in Gordon's shoulder just as...
100) 0) text: Gordon and Rita are looking out the back when they see the latest missile headed their way. Gordon pulls Rita down at the last second as a huge steel arrow shoots through the door, past their heads... and into the parlor wall. As metal barbs flick out, locking the tip in, and the steel chain it's attached to draws tight...
103) 0) text: Gordon and Rita are thrown across the car, along with everything else inside, as Loveless's train's sudden stop... jerks them with it. The SCREECH of STEEL WHEELS SCRAPING on IRON RAILS is sickening. They clutch onto one another... as the Wanderer skids to a stop. As they pick themselves up, Gordon looks to Rita who's shaken up and scared. Now FOOTSTEPS coming up the stairs. RITA
103) 2) text: That's not a good one to wish for. To defend herself, Rita grabs one of the sleeping-gas pool balls rolling around on the ground. Gordon leads her into the stateroom to lock her in, but she grabs his hand. RITA
103) 3) text: Please, Artemus, don't leave me alone! Rita closes the door behind him and locks it.
104) 0) text: Gordon and Rita on the bed. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH. Gordon gestures to be still. The door handle jiggles. Rita gets ready to arm the POOL BALL.
104) 4) text: CLICK, she pushes the number.     Gordon makes a grab for it. GORDON Rita, no!   It's just...
107) 0) text: West and Gordon squint through the corn, see Loveless on their train. GORDON What have you done with Rita?
115) 3) text: Rita, my dear, not that I'm ungrateful to Providence for bringing you back to me... Rita jumps as the champagne CORK POPS. LOVELESS
115) 4) text: ... I'm just a wee bit curious as to how you managed to wind up with them. RITA (scrambling)
115) 5) text: Well, they uh... seemed so... sure that they could find you... and I thought if I stayed with them... they'd lead me back to... all my friends... Munitia shoots a look at Lippenreider. RITA
121) 0) text: Loveless raises his glass to Rita, makes a little kissing gesture. She looks like she'd like to kill herself.
124) 5) text: -- That wouldn't have been any fun for a certain somebody, and I won't mention any names -- Jim West! -- who decided to take me on a bracing romp through a cornfield and play a fanciful game of hide and seek with serrated, spinning death discs, while our only mode of transportation is in the hands of a sadistic madman with weapons of mass destruction, who kidnapped Rita, and is on his way to kill our President and take over the country! WEST
155) 3) text: In the front row Rita leans over to Gordon. RITA Queen of Spain. King of France. I was close.
157) 6) text: Loveless whirls, nods to Amazonia who drags the President back to his seat, pulls Gordon out of his. Rita can't help her outburst. RITA Artemus!
157) 7) text: Artemus smiles at her, extremely brave under the circumstances. He whispers to Rita and the President. GORDON (tugs at his vest) Don't worry, I'm wearing the Impermeable.
157) 8) text: Rita turns to Grant. What the hell is that? Gordon has no time to explain as Amazonia hauls him up on the stage. As Munitia aims her rifle... Gordon holds up a finger. GORDON If I may have one request... it's that she aim at my heart... which has loved this great country so much! LOVELESS (considers for a moment) Shoot him in the head. GORDON Great.
158) 13) text: Now she puts her cheek next to Rita as if matching their relative beauty while picking the pocket of Lippenreider. Rita pushes her away disgustedly but not before Ebonia hands Coleman the keys to the cuffs. Coleman looks from the keys to Ebonia. He just caught on.
158) 19) text: An immediate standing ovation. The diversion allows Coleman to unlock both Grant's and Rita's shackles. Grant looks at the keys. PRESIDENT GRANT Where'd those come from...? COLEMAN (nods to Ebonia) Captain West.
158) 20) text: Their eyes practically pop out of their heads. RITA She's... no...!
159) 0) text: Immediately two FLAME THROWERS EXPLODE from his cone-like bosoms. Maybe he should've listened about the dress. He turns to Gordon questioningly, and inadvertently incinerates one o Loveless's goons. He howls in pain, runs panicked... right into Rita. RITA Serves you right for staring at them.
159) 3) text: Gordon grabs West and Rita, pulls them behind the bar.
159) 6) text: KA-BOOOOM! An EXPLOSION rips the place and a Santa Ana- sized fire starts immediately. Rita jumps up and makes her way through the smoke to a bearded SCIENTIST. WEST/GORDON Rita!
159) 7) text: She unlocks his neck collar, turns to them and smiles. RITA (disappearing into the chaos) Meet me after the show!
195) 8) text: As they look at one another in dismay... RITA (O.S.) Jim... Arte...?
195) 9) text: They turn to see Rita approaching them from a crowd of scientists. She's looking extraordinarily fetching in a print dress and parasol. West and Gordon sit up like dogs. WEST Rita!   You look great. GORDON Ravishing, a vision.
195) 10) text: She hugs West, she hugs Gordon.        Who's it gonna be? RITA I just wanted to thank you for everything you've done for me... before I went back home to Texas.
195) 14) text: She looks from one crestfallen suitor to the other. RITA It's not that you both don't have your attributes. (to Gordon) You're so sophisticated and such a wonderful cook. (to West) Jim, you're good with a gun... and have great legs. (to both) And you're both so brave. But... I'm afraid I haven't been completely honest with you. WEST AND GORDON Uh-oh... RITA Professor Escobar's not my father. He's my husband.
195) 15) text: She gestures to a handsome goateed Latino waiting for her. Shaved and cleaned up, he's not the old man we thought. WEST Rita... why didn't you just tell us that in the first place?
195) 19) text: Neither West nor Gordon knows what to say. RITA I didn't think so.
195) 20) text: She turns and starts to walk away.       Stops and smiles RITA At least you still have each other.
196) 0) text: We gaze out over one of those achingly beautiful John Ford vistas as we hear our heroes voices. WEST (O.S.) You know, Arte... GORDON (O.S.) What's that, Jim? WEST (O.S.) Maybe Rita's right...