1) 0) text: The ritual continues with crisp military precision. CLOSE ON the Royal Coat Of Arms stamped in gold: lion and unicorn embrace a shield divided into four quarters with thistle, and more lions denoting England, Ireland, Scotla Wales. The shield is surmounted by a crown. This emblem is on a cuff-link fastened on a starched whit shirt. Trousers, pressed to a knife-edge, are held for stockinge and gartered legs to be inserted. Mirror-polished boots are laced tight. Jacket, held ready. Arms, shoulders, chest received. Glistening medals attached to front of jacket create a da field of ribbons and medallions. Epaulets, edged with gold braid tassels, are adjusted. Polished buttons are fastened. Multi-coloured collar clasped shut. White ostrich feathers, topping a tri-corner hat, are flu and placed upon brilliantined hair. PAN DOWN to the handsome features of Albert, Duke of York to his family as BERTIE. He's in his late thirties, the s son of King George V, the reigning King of England. He co sensitivity which appears in conflict with the manner in he's been bedecked. Reflected in a full length mirror, Bertie tells himself: TKS/Seidler/09/17/08                                    3
4) 0) text: ELEVATED SHOT looking down on a sea of dripping black umb hiding the spectators from view. Bertie and Elizabeth takes their places in a row of gilde chairs with the other dignitaries. They are: KING GEORGE V - a barrel-chested man with Naval beard and uniform, accompanied by his wife. QUEEN MARY - an elegant but icy grande dame. DR COSMO LANG - a tall, unctuous, churchman with a high, balding head, and a perpetual expression of moral superio WINSTON CHURCHILL - a politician of sixty, as portly as L lean. They are bantering rivals in ambition. STANLEY BALDWIN - the Prime Minister of the day. Heavy-br His hair, as always, parted down the middle. NEVILLE CHAMBERLAIN - Chancellor of the Exchequer. Tall, lugubrious, with the expression of a quizzical chicken ha A BBC technician places a huge imposing microphone suspen springs next to the stadium equipment. It looks frighteni even to us. Bertie's shoulders brace as though expecting blow. Elizabeth sees his terror. TKS/Seidler/09/17/08                                  5.
4) 4) dialog: Get on with it. Show what you're made of!
6) 1) dialog: Just needs more practice.
14) 1) dialog: Stride boldly up to the bloody thing, stare it square in the eye, and talk to it as you would to any decent Englishman.
15) 1) text: I d-d-don't thu-thu-think I c-c-can. In the presence of his father, Bertie's stuttering return full form, his breathing short and shallow, the muscles i spasms. KING GEORGE V
15) 3) text: Father, we're not a family, we're a firm. His father shoots Bertie a surprised look.   Does the lad brain after all? KING GEORGE V
15) 5) text: What did David say? KING GEORGE V
15) 7) text: Oh my brother... TKS/Seidler/09/17/08                                    1 KING GEORGE V
15) 9) text: What're you going to say? KING GEORGE V
15) 10) text: The usual guff. The Archbishop writes it. My people love to hear me say it. Spoken fluently, of course. They're interrupted by the entrance of the BBC News Reade Technicians. KING GEORGE V (CONT'D)
15) 12) text: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, this is the BBC, broadcasting direct from Buckingham Palace upon the occasion of the Royal Silver Jubilee. His Majesty: King George the Fifth. KING GEORGE V
17) 2) dialog: Pretend.
17) 4) dialog: Bedding his American whore. Come, join the fun! (aside to Elizabeth) You'll have to do a lot more of this. I'm sending him to the Midlands. With all the factory noise they won't hear a word he says.
27) 3) dialog: You're next? God help us.