4) 0) text: ELEVATED SHOT looking down on a sea of dripping black umb hiding the spectators from view. Bertie and Elizabeth takes their places in a row of gilde chairs with the other dignitaries. They are: KING GEORGE V - a barrel-chested man with Naval beard and uniform, accompanied by his wife. QUEEN MARY - an elegant but icy grande dame. DR COSMO LANG - a tall, unctuous, churchman with a high, balding head, and a perpetual expression of moral superio WINSTON CHURCHILL - a politician of sixty, as portly as L lean. They are bantering rivals in ambition. STANLEY BALDWIN - the Prime Minister of the day. Heavy-br His hair, as always, parted down the middle. NEVILLE CHAMBERLAIN - Chancellor of the Exchequer. Tall, lugubrious, with the expression of a quizzical chicken ha A BBC technician places a huge imposing microphone suspen springs next to the stadium equipment. It looks frighteni even to us. Bertie's shoulders brace as though expecting blow. Elizabeth sees his terror. TKS/Seidler/09/17/08                                  5.
17) 0) text: The King is joined by Queen Mary and the Archbishop of Canterbury, other Royals, and dignitaries. The noise is deafening. The King beckons impatiently for someone still inside to join them. It's Bertie, with Elizabeth.
27) 0) text: The King is propped up in bed, wrapped in his favorite fa Tibetan dressing gown, hooked to an oxygen tank. He's surrounded by his wife, Queen Mary, his two eldest sons, Secretary - CLIVE WIGRAM - his personal physician - DR DA and a NURSE. Wigram presents a tray with papers and pen.
28) 1) dialog: I want my jewelry divided equally. Elizabeth gets first choice. She's not greedy.
28) 3) dialog: Where are the others?
28) 5) dialog: What sort of arrangements?
28) 7) dialog: And David? Fetch him.
30) 1) dialog: Lord Wigram has requested permission to order the coffin.
30) 5) dialog: Nobody. Don't swear.
30) 8) dialog: You're not your father.
32) 6) text: Queen Mary curtsies in homage to the new King, taking her son's hand and kissing it. When she looks up...her eyes a chilling.
32) 7) dialog: Long live the King.