18) 13) dialog: The god is coming. (looks eastward) As Sinuhe reacts with astonishment, Horemheb strides over
18) 16) dialog: (an intense whisper staring toward the east) The god is coming! Sinuhe and Horemheb also look eastward.
18) 21) dialog: (bows his head for prayer - simply but with intense emotion) Rise. Shine with splendor. Fill the world with your beauty so that we may rejoice. God, our father, creator of all things, great and small -- Overcome with the intensity of his emotion, Akhnaton pitc forward onto his face and lies on the sand quivering.
18) 50) text: Following the maidens, come some priests, including Ele, and courtiers, who carry fans to make a canopy over Pharaoh. We see that Pharaoh is none other than Akhnaton. Beside him walks his queen NEFERTITI, a young woman as beautiful and frail as he. They walk with their arms around each other's waist. Directly behind them walks the Princess Baketamon, At her side is Baketamon's mother THE QUEEN MOTHER TAIA, a swarthy-complexioned, evil and interesting old woman. In turn, come princes and prin- cesses of the royal household. Akhnaton carries the emblems of his office carelessly in his free hand and with them, with quiet reproof, he is gesturing those in the court room to get to their feet.
18) 74) text: 76 (Cont.) 77 78 smiling. His courtiers follow Pharaoh's lead, laughing also, The entrance of Sinuhe into scene is hardly no- ticed and seemingly not noticed at all by Akhnaton. Sinuhe throws himself on his face before the throne and intones the customary salutation.
18) 77) dialog: (in a tone neither friend- ly nor unfriendly) You have feet, Sinuhe ~~ stand on them. Sinuhe looks up in astonishment. He scrambles to his feet but immediately bows his head contritely and respect fully.
18) 78) dialog: And look at me. Sinuhe raises his head and looks at him.
18) 79) dialog: His strange eyes seem to bore into Sinuhe.
18) 82) dialog: {his tone still im- personal) You are the son of Senmut, who is ealled The Just, who lives near the river docks and is a physician to the poor?
18) 85) dialog: Foster? What mean you?
18) 87) dialog: So? Relate this. (leans forward) SINUHE . I know only the little that I have myself been told. On the day of my birth, I was cast adrift on the Nile, as is the custom with unwanted chil- dren - in a boat no larger than a eradle, made of reeds, daubed with pitch, and tied with fowler's mots.
18) 92) text: Akhnaton turns to look at his mother in surprise. Others also, including Sinuhe.
18) 100) dialog: (to Eie} Proceed, Call the other.
18) 119) dialog: (with a dangerous smile) You were bold enough in speech before ~- speak now,
18) 133) dialog: studies Sinuhe, his look inscrutable.
18) 139) dialog: As Sinuhe you are dead, Rise as a newborn man. Sinuhe gets to his feet, his face alight. Looking always at Akhnaton he extends a hand behind him - Horemheb grasp it.
18) 140) dialog: With your new life I give you a new name which shall be written in Pharaoh's Golden Book, which shall be "He Who Is Alone," in consequence or your orphan birth and journey down the river. He tosses down to Sinuhe an "honor" in the form of a jeweled "chain" (necklace), which Sinuhe in his intense excitement almost fails to catch. Akhnation is now smiling openly, even with affection, at Sinuhe. He speaks again, and with each phrase tosses down another jeweled, golden honor, in the form of a necklace, a bracelet, a scarab --
18) 141) dialog: Never will I forget that you laid your hands on me in peeling: I make you physician to my household - and may God prosper you, (CONTINUED)
18) 155) dialog: looks curiously toward Baketamon, clearly greatly sur- prised.
35) 3) dialog: (impatiently) Make haste! The old man looks piteously at Pharaoh. DOCTOR “ Punish me!
35) 11) dialog: You have come alone?
35) 15) dialog: (even in this moment sympathetic) Oh. ee?
56) 13) dialog: (with patient chiding) Horemheb, Horemheb - when will you learn? Suspicion breeds only sus- picion, and hatred, hatred, (patientiy, firmly, turning to Eie) Teach this man, High Priest, that blood breeds only blood until we would drown in it.
56) 15) dialog: (stubbornly) I forgive the people for they know not what they do. Horemheb can stand no more, turns on his heel and appar- ently walks away. 287 288 289 96.
56) 17) text: Sinuhe throws himself on the floor befpre the throne. Akhnaton leans forward, staring when he sees who it is.
56) 23) dialog: (gently) Come close to me, Sinuhe. Sinuhe looks up in wonder, sess warmth shining in Akhnaton's weary, sick face.
56) 25) text: Is the shepherd angry at the stray lamb which returns to the fold? (anxiously) Have you returned to me, Sinuhe? Looking at him in wonder, Sinuhe gets to his feet. On the way to the throne he plucks the Hittite spearhead out of the table and takes it with him, and supposing that Akhnaton has caused them to be alone so that he can hear the truth as Sinuhe knows it - (CONTINUED)
56) 28) dialog: (interrupting, with unexpected violence) Keep that thing from my face! It is an abomination! Weapons are useless! Sinuhe stops, greatly surprised.
56) 29) dialog: (gently again, appeal- ingly) Sit here with me. Counsel me if you have any love for me.
56) 31) dialog: I speak to you as one man to another. Sinuhe sits down on the base of the throne, keeping the spearhead out of Akhnaton's sight.
56) 32) dialog: (continues) You have traveled all over the world and you must have gained great wisdom. I have never been able to leave Egypt -- share your wisdom with me.
56) 38) dialog: (suffering) Is a man mad, ts he evil, when his only madness, his only evil, is in loving the world?
56) 40) dialog: Tt was meant to be! Will you be my friend and help me, Sinuhe? I am so very weak,
56) 45) dialog: He is a greater god than you suppose -~- He may be in you, without your kmowl- edge. Exhausted from the emotion he has expended, Akhnaton lies back in his throne, weak, almost fainting. Sinuhe rises and looks at him with worry.
77) 40) dialog: Akhnaton, very 111, cheeks sunken, eyes black-shadowed, 4s lying on a cot. Sitting beside him on a stool, Sinuhe is placing a cold cloth on his head. Seen through some pillars which support the roof is a terrible sight of the city of Thebes. Fires burn here and there and black columns of smoke rise up into the sky, reddened by the setting sun.
77) 41) dialog: {in despair) Can it be that I am mad and my visions are lies? If so, then life is hideous and the world is ruled by evil.
77) 47) text: 337 (Cont.) 338 Without answering, Akhnaton turns his eyes away from Horemhebd to Eie.
77) 48) dialog: (dryly) And you?
77) 51) dialog: Then out of my sight! Both of youl -(sinks back weakly) Pharaoh has spoken. With cold deliberation Eie spits on the tiles of the floor, grinds the spittle with the sole of his sandal, turns and walks away. Akhnaton turns from watching him to look with blazing eyes at Horemheb, who lingers, uncomfortable.
77) 53) dialog: Akhnaton's eyes come to rest wearily on Sinuhe.
77) 56) dialog: Men show pity on a sick animal and dispatch it with a club, and a spear brings release to a wounded lion - but to a man no one will show mercyi If you love me, you know what you have to dol He closes his eyes with great suffering. Simihe looks at him with pity. He says nothing at the moment, only wrings out a fresh cold cloth and places it on Akhnaton's head,
86) 9) dialog: Only dim lights - semidarkness, This room is rather simpl It's principal decoration is painted on the wail behind t head of Akhnaton's sleeping couch -- the full symbol of h god ~~ the sun's-disc with hands in benediction holding the Cross of Life. On a table by the sleeping couch rests the crown, the crook and other symbols of kingship. Akhna lies very still on the couch, his head on the headrest. Sinuhe and Horemheb approach him quietly.
86) 12) dialog: (as if he has expected them) Ah,
86) 16) dialog: (disregarding him, to Sinuhe) If you bring me peace, it will be sweeter than the scent of myrrh. With a sudden, surprisingly swift motion, he drains the goblet. A half-gesture from Sinuhe is too late. As Horemheb watches with great suspense, Akhnaton sighs, let the goblet roll from his hand and lays his head back onto the headrest.
86) 19) dialog: (fervently) Sinuhe! Harken to me! God has not for- saken me, When you left me on the roof top - as darkness descended ~ I saw the true light. All things I have spoken I had from God! I die, not because I tried to deceive the world, but because I tried to make it noble. -= With what difficulty does God try to reveal Himself - for we, His children, are blind and stupid. For ages, through the great circle of time, He has tried -- He tried with me -- I was frail and weak but He has shown me His love, permitting me to die in His cause. I tell you - I was the shadow of One Who will come -- the Mighty One -- a King of Kings! (weakening) I was a shadow to walk before Him ... He stops talking, and Horemheb and Sinuhe, looking at him Yaderstand that he is dead. For a long moment they are silent, then - (CONTINUED)
86) 22) text: Horemheb rises and looks down at Akhnaton, He takes off his cloak and, as he did in the desert, spreads it over the still, frail form, He straightens, rises to his full height, seems to expand.