12) 16) dialog: (with an edge of scorn) Whatever. Pharaoh will do, let him do it quickly. Both men look at her. Sinuhe's look is a rather odd one. It is colored with the irony that he has shown Horemheb. (CONTINUED)
12) 17) text: 5h2 ll. 28 (Cont.) 29 30 But there is something else, too, which tells that these two have known each other as people, also. He almost imperceptibly inclines his head, the barest indication of a bow. Baketamon looks away from his look, looks straight ahead again, assumes the official look, the blank stare.
12) 22) dialog: in beg. the Queen looks straight ahead, not moving. Horemheb looks after Sinuhe - with rage - and with some- thing else, which, strangely enough, seems to be shame.
18) 40) dialog: (to Ele, severely) Is this how you watch over my brother? (barest turning of her head indicates she takes in pair at chariot) Whe are these clods of dirt?
18) 43) dialog: Her only reaction is to survey the pair at the chariot coldly.
18) 44) dialog: (sharply) Seize them!
18) 50) text: Following the maidens, come some priests, including Ele, and courtiers, who carry fans to make a canopy over Pharaoh. We see that Pharaoh is none other than Akhnaton. Beside him walks his queen NEFERTITI, a young woman as beautiful and frail as he. They walk with their arms around each other's waist. Directly behind them walks the Princess Baketamon, At her side is Baketamon's mother THE QUEEN MOTHER TAIA, a swarthy-complexioned, evil and interesting old woman. In turn, come princes and prin- cesses of the royal household. Akhnaton carries the emblems of his office carelessly in his free hand and with them, with quiet reproof, he is gesturing those in the court room to get to their feet.
18) 89) dialog: The old lady gives a start. She leans forward, her eyes glistening with a strange excitement, With an unconscious gesture she grips Baketamon's wrist, whose usual aloofnes is enough disturbed that she looks at her mother with curiosity.
18) 102) dialog: Though the queen mother has seemed to relax, in actual- ity she hasn't at all but continues to study Sinuhe. Un- eonsciously she still retains her grip on Baketamon's wrist and the latter has to forcibly remove her hand. Then Baketamon looks off in the direction from which she hears a buzz of excitement.
18) 104) text: He walks like a soldier. At first his eyes are obviously directed toward the throne, then his look shifts in such a manner that we know he is looking at Baketamon.
18) 105) dialog: Baketamon is well aware of Horemheb's look and her eyes brighten with an answering fire. Taia plucks at her sleeve.
18) 107) text: 86 87 88 89 26. (Cont. ) : It 4s with a bit of a start that Baketamon comes enough to herself to look at her mother.
18) 122) dialog: turns her face away from him, her interest in him dead, her pride insulted.
18) 135) dialog: Again the Queen Mother is possessed with intense excite- mont, leaning forward, eyes glistening, again uncon- sciously seizing Baketamon's wrist. The latter looks at her, wondering what possesses her.
18) 150) dialog: at first looks only very startled at Akhnaton.
18) 157) dialog: lowers her hand, which until this moment she has held in the gesture of clemency. But there's no clemency in her expression. There is still only derision.
18) 163) dialog: Baketamon turns to Taia, her derisive expression altered only by a more derisive smile.
18) 164) dialog: A cheese maker!
55) 7) dialog: Dressed in a flowing gown of white linen, immaculate, wearing ornaments of her rank, Baketamon appears like a vision in the cell doorway. Sinuhe tries to move, manages despite his chains to prostrate himself on the eell floor.
55) 10) dialog: (peremptorily) Strike this man's chains, Have him bathed and dressed in the finest linen. Bring him to my chariot that I may take him to the Golden House. She turns and walks out of sight down corridor.
77) 105) dialog: With the Army and the High Priest! She moves back from the doorway, her invitation for him to enter. He goes in. 3k9 INT. BAKETAMON'S APARTMENT IN "HOUSE OF WOMEN" - SINU
77) 106) dialog: Some faint red from the afterglow of the sun still stains portions of the walls of this room; there are lamps lit also. This room has a little lotus fountain-pool and a wonderful sleeping couch; it is filled with the most feminine adornments; it is smoky with sweet incense - revealing of the passionate nature beneath the cool aloof ness of Baketamon.
77) 108) dialog: (coldly) Kill Akhnaton -- it is necessary. (CONTINUED )
77) 111) dialog: (barely able to restrain herself) They told you that Horemheb is to mile.
77) 113) dialog: With this cheesemaker? He is astounded at the ferocity of her passion.
77) 115) dialog: Born with dung between his toes!
77) 120) text: As Baketamon releases him and whirls away out of scene. Sinuhe stares after her with bewilderment. 126.
77) 122) dialog: Eie caused my mother to be murdered because she opposed Horemheb, but myself he has preserved for their plans! Did they tell you how they hope to dirty the throne?
77) 124) dialog: (raging) Tonight the old priests are to take me to the temple dressed as Sekhmet, the Goddess of War. It will be a sign that the old gods are back in power - and a sign to begin Horemheb's Holy War.
77) 126) dialog: In the dead of night Horemheb will come, and the temple gates will be shut behind him! Alone with me, he thinks to have his way with me by force, and by this become a god, fit to rule by my side!
77) 128) dialog: Not by Sinuhe. As he looks at her with intense surprise she grasps hold of his hands and, sitting on her couch, looks up at him with blazing eyes.
77) 129) dialog: (intensely) If it is Sinuhe who comes to the temple, I will gladly swing the doors shut with my own hands - submit willingly - happily climb the throne to rule with youl (CONTINUED)
77) 132) dialog: The hand which slays Pharaoh can slay the cheesemaker as well, It is only a question of numbers -~ one, or two. --- Is £t possible that you did not understand my mother?
77) 134) dialog: You are my half-brother - and the rightful heir to the throne. A conviction that she is speaking the truth begins to gro in Sinuhe. It is by no means an altogether welcome though ~ it is a frightening thought - but one which fascinates hin.
77) 135) dialog: While my mother awaited the birth of Akhnaton there was another child born in the palace. For once the black arts of my mother's Nubians had failed. When the mother cried out to see her son, that she might present him to Pharaoh, they showed her a dead girl baby. With her own hands my mother wove the basket in which you were cast adrift on the River. If you doubt me, go to the ruined temple which is near Akhneton's temple. There you will find a statue of the little Queen whose face is the image of your own.
84) 1) dialog: Supervised by Priests of the old gods, Baketamon is being arrayed by HANDMAIDENS in the red robe and jeweled accou~ terments and helmet of the goddess Sekhmet.
85) 2) dialog: Smiles with anticipated triumph. Sinuhe's footsteps are heard going down the corridor,