12) 2) text: Prostrate like the rest, he nevertheless has an eye on Horemhebd. EJE is a very old man, tall, thin - with the look of an ascetic gone sour ~ a crafty look. A slight signal from Horemhebd gets him to his feet -~ he gets up painfully. With his staff of office he raps on the tiled floor.
12) 4) text: as a slight motion from Horeitheb brings Eie to his side. Horemheb's look asks a question; Eile bows; Horemheb look toward a side door to the room. On his face there comes a strange expression - there is anger, but lurking behind it a kind of indecision, as if he dreads what is coming. Then decision takes over and he gestures sharply. Eie turns toward the side door and his staff raps an order.
12) 9) dialog: (sharply, out of corner of mouth) Leave off. He is returning Sinuhe's look, for this is between the tw of them. It is a flood of rising anger which Horemheb is trying to control now. (CONTINUED)
12) 11) dialog: (after rather long pause, as if in wonder) Were you and I once friends? For a moment there is a flicker between them as they each remember - but the flicker is all the response there is from Sinuhe -- the human connection between the two is cut off as if by a switch.
12) 12) dialog: (as Pharaoh, struggling against rising rage) You are Pharaoh's friend no longer. I have been patient with you, Sinuhe, but I can be patient no longeri He is shaking with rage. His hands grip the arms of his throne chair until his kmuckles are white. He pulls him- self to his feet.
12) 14) text: Horemheb comes down a step of his throne until he is near Sinuhe but still towering a step above him. He points accusingly at the emblem of the cross of life on Sinuhe's breast - then suddenly rips it off the garment, tearing part of the garment with it.
12) 15) dialog: (insensate with rage) I could strangle you with my own hands\ Sinuhe's only answer is a slight broadening of his ironic smile. Baketamon turns her head slowly toward them. For the moment the goddess-stare leaves her eyes and she is a woman looking at two men.
12) 18) dialog: (blustering because secretly abashed) He is no more than a pebble between my toes. He sits on his throne chair again. Those in scene are seen to rise, indicative that all in court rise. Horemheb looks at Sinuhe again.
12) 22) dialog: in beg. the Queen looks straight ahead, not moving. Horemheb looks after Sinuhe - with rage - and with some- thing else, which, strangely enough, seems to be shame.
14) 1) dialog: going with a chariot in which Sinuhe and Horemheb are riding. The location is across the river from Thebes, some distance out from Thebes, and the city may be visibl in far b.g. in this shot -- (or, if not in this shot, in some shot during the following sequence - one shot bein, sufficient for the purpose of establishing the location). The terrain is plain bordered by hills - lion country. “The hills are punctuated by small canyons, notably one box canyon, which is important to the action to follow. The chariot is going at high speed, quartering toward camera. It is pulled by a TEAM OF HORSES at a gallop.
14) 7) dialog: {points ahead) The Black Mane!
14) 10) dialog: as Sinuhe begins to show a little apprehension. (CONTINUED)
18) 11) dialog: (yells over) Idiotl He rushes to quiet the team of horses and right the chariot. Sinuhe, equally angry, comes to Akhnaton.
18) 14) dialog: What did the fool say?
18) 22) dialog: Now what ails him?
18) 25) dialog: (with amused scorn) Look at him shiver! But at the same time he removes his cloak and spreade it over Akhnaton.
18) 26) dialog: Even such a fool can't be left to die. Let's get him to the chariot. Ee stoops down to pick up the frail figure of the uncon- scious young man. At this instant -
18) 31) dialog: (angry) Who is this loon? He cost us a lion} From nearby o.s. the brassy notes of a trumpet split the air. All look.
18) 38) dialog: Who is she?
18) 64) dialog: (amazed) Then she igs Pharach's sister?! Sound of laughter from direction of throne.
18) 66) dialog: (in continuing amazement) Pharaoh's sisterl
18) 70) dialog: Prodded by the Sergeant's lance, Sinuhe gets to his feet.
18) 110) dialog: Sinuhe grows afraid for him - tries to signal him to make the reverence, but Horemheb doesn't see.
18) 114) dialog: I am a graduate of the Military School and it is my wish to enter Pharaoh's service as a warrior. On the day of my birth a god in the form of the sa- ered Falcon perched on our roof, fore- telling my destiny - that I would one day rule over a great army and a great woman! (he looks over toward Baketamon) There are actual gasps at this audacity. 90 91 92 93 9h 27.
18) 115) text: She stares intrigued at Horemheb.
18) 118) dialog: My parents --- He glances at Baketamon, back again - remains silent,
18) 120) dialog: My parents were makers of cheese. There is a roar of laughter from all around. But Akhnaton doesn't laugh. Nor Horemheb, Sinuhe or Baketamon.
18) 121) dialog: He turns his face toward Baketamon, no longer so proudly but with an appeal,
18) 131) dialog: Sinuhe turns, tries to smile at him bravely, Horemheb, reassuringly. Then Sinuhe looks openly et Akhnaton,
18) 144) dialog: as Sinuhe looks at him, asking pardon.
18) 145) dialog: (smiles a touch wryly) I fear that this sword and my neck will have a passing acquaintance,
18) 152) text: as Horemheb, kmeeling, extends his neck, there is a buzz in courtroom and -
18) 156) dialog: raises his head slowly to look at Baketamon, not so much in gratitude as in a sort of triumph.
19) 1) dialog: There are a number of drinking places along this part of the street and the atmosphere is rather gay. Light shines from a tall column of a street lamp, -an open flame. Musi comes from some interior - probably ‘Syrian music, Some soldiers with girls - a mixed crowd -- someone passing in a carrying chair with runners going ahead shouting, "Make wayi” 2... Sinuhe and Horemhebd are slanting across the street towar an inn above the entrance gate of which is displayed 4 huge dried crocodile which gives the place its name, "The Crocodile's Tail." Wearing all the honors which Akhnaton has this day bestowed on them they have set out to make a night of it - but only Sinuhe is in the mood, Horemheb being rather glum.
19) 2) dialog: She commanded our arrest! She gave the signal which saved my life! When I tried to thank her, she all but spat at me! Who can understand a woman!
19) 4) dialog: (with a trace of bitterness) Easy enough for you to talk ~ your aim is on a tavern girl.
19) 6) dialog: (scoffing, but lighten- ine to better humor) Listen to him who has yet to seduce his first slave girl! Sinuhe laughs, agreeing; hugs Horemheb's arm.
21) 12) text: 122 (Cont. } changes to astonishment - for she doesn't so much as look at him, nor at Horemheb, but approaches the table as to strangers, her eyes on the tray, her mind apparently only on what she is doing. In this manner she begins to serve the wine. Sinuhe stares at her. Deciding that this must be some game she has invented out of caprice, he opens hi cloak with a gesture which he thinks she cannot miss, dis playing Pharach's honors. Horemheb, alerted, sensing some thing, does the same. Not a reaction from Merit, her eyes on table and what she is doing. In consternation, sure now that this is a deliberate caprice, Sinuhe is put to the necessity of offering -
21) 20) text: 122 (Gont.1) He stares at her with mouth open. Horemheb is becoming amused at Sinuhe's discomfiture - misery loving company. Kaptah's single eye is alertly taking in everything be- tween the girl and his chosen master.
21) 36) text: from which Horemheb and Kapteh have been taking it all in
21) 40) dialog: (laughs) Sounds ideal.
21) 42) dialog: Why not?
21) 47) dialog: (laughs) Your slave -- you bought him.
21) 56) dialog: Again the scene contains the suggestion of the dancing girls along one side of screen, and we may also see at least a portion of the ORCHESTRA the members of which, like the dancing girls, are slave girls - but the focus of attention is the ‘door through which Sinuhe and Horemhebd enter. They come in like strangers arriving in unfamiliar surroundings. By entrance slave SERVANTS, both men and women, enter to them, stoop, remove their sandals and begin to wash their feet in rich bowls.
21) 57) dialog: look around and then look at each other as if to say, “This ig not so bad." Of the two Horemheb is the more at ease, for Sinuhe still is uncomfortable as a result of his quarrel with Merit. 129 130 131
21) 60) dialog: The slaves have completed washing the guests' feet and as they replace their sandals and rise a LADY enters scene. She is very attractive, wears a garland around her neck and carries another. This she puts around the neek of Horemheb who is nearest her and -
21) 62) text: Come? Suddenly Sinuhe finds himself embarrassed and realizes that the impulse which has brought him here with Horemheb will not mecessarily carry him farther.
32) 0) dialog: 
32) 2) dialog: participates - stripped to the waist, enjoying himself hugely as he almost kills a hapless opponent.
32) 5) dialog: I ought to drive this spear through your head! Are you mad?
32) 7) dialog: Pharaoh's daughter is i111! Every hour Akhnaton asks for you.
35) 10) dialog: As Horemheb appears in doorway, makes obeisance, Akhnaton impatiently gestures him to come in.
35) 12) dialog: (sadly) With bad news. (comes to Akhnaton) His house has been sold --
35) 14) dialog: I went this afternoon to the home of his parents. I found that his parents are dead.
35) 16) dialog: He was not there -- Only a crowd of grieving neighbors and some officers of the law, who were trying to take possession, for this house, too, has been sold. Behind him in doorway Baketamon appears. Horemheb does not at first see her as she enters and walks toward bed.
35) 17) dialog: From there I went to the residence of a certain woman - (voice alters as he catches sight of Baketamon) - with whom he is enamored -- He is searching Baketamon's face, hoping for some sign of recognition from her. But she gives him none, only sitting on the bed beside the Queen to comfort her.
40) 5) dialog: Horses rearing and pawing the air as Horemheb pulls them to an abrupt stop - dust rising in clouds as Horemheb jumps out.
40) 6) dialog: There is an air of calmness about Sinuhe of accepting fat whatever 1t may be, which contrasts with Horemheb's violence, a kind of friendly anger.
40) 7) dialog: The daughter of Pharaoh is dead - for lack of the medical help which you could have provided! You are being searched for everywhere!
40) 9) dialog: (violently) Is this the way you think I interpret friendship? Get int (CONTINUED )
41) 2) dialog: (rapidly, incisively) This is as far as I dare take you. Here's a purse - there's silver in it - ali I have!
41) 4) dialog: A ship sails down the river this morning! Take it! Your life is forfeit in Egypt -- never dare to return! . He applies whip to team.
56) 9) text: 28 (Cont.) 285 286 Onto the table, into the midst of gifts, is hurled the Hittite spearhead, having been thrown in such a fashion that it strikes the table point-first and actually sings with reverberation. All eyes go to the spearhead. Prince Shubbiluliuma blanches. Horemheb steps into scene.
56) 10) dialog: This Hittite lies! (points to spearhead) There is the evidence of treachery! With a metal called iron the Hittites make weapons with which they plan the conquest of Egypt!
56) 11) text: There 1s general consternation, We see that Sinuhe has been brought to the throne room by Horemheb, but has been left in the crowd out of view of the throne.
56) 16) text: But Horemheb does not mean to leave the room. He parts erowd, seizes hold of Sinuhe and drags him to the throne,
77) 18) dialog: He has driven his team right into the temple grounds. He stops near Sinuhe. Sinuhe comes over to him. Camera moves up on them during =~
77) 19) dialog: (sternly) I sent for you to come to the palace!
77) 21) dialog: (displeased) Why do you waste your time here? You don't belong here -- you belong at the palace where important issues will soon have to be decided. I can not talk to you here.
77) 23) dialog: In the meantime, if you love your woman and her adopted son, send them out of the city.
77) 47) text: 337 (Cont.) 338 Without answering, Akhnaton turns his eyes away from Horemhebd to Eie.
77) 52) dialog: I have been your friend in spite of your madness. Perhaps even because of your madness. But I can't love you and Egypt too. Camera pans with him a moment as he turns away and fol- lows after Ele.
77) 62) dialog: Where are you going?
77) 86) dialog: Wait! 3h SINUHE - SUNDOWN stops, looks back. 3h5 THREE - SUNDOWN As the other two come to Sinuhe, Eie first -
77) 92) dialog: (angrily, striding forward Baketamon will place the crown on my head!
77) 97) dialog: Let him. {to Sinuhe) She doesn't yet know. Be my friend -- speak to her on my behalf, without telling her this plan. (strongly) I will have her whether she consents or not. (with a smile) But a warrior prefers to mount a will- ing horse,
83) 17) dialog: (excited) Akhnaton is alone in his chamber. My own soldiers are on guard. How will it be given?
83) 19) dialog: (startled)
83) 22) dialog: (to soldier) Go with hin, 384 385 386 387 388 389 390 391 392 5k 137.
86) 2) dialog: looks hungrily at her,
86) 4) dialog: For the first time Baketamon's ignoring of him does not pother Horemheb ~ sure as he is of what will follow this night. He throws a look of amusement at Eie, then both go to meet Sinuhe as the latter comes in, carrying a tray on which are three drinking cups of wine. Sinuhe hands the tray to Horemheb with a rather strange smile.
86) 6) dialog: Which is his?
86) 13) dialog: (with friendly cordiality) We beg leave to drink wine with you, Akhnaton, in token of friendship. I regret my words on the roof top and believe that tomorrow the prospects for Egypt will be brighter. Akhnaton gives him an odd, twisted smile, his eyes shift Sinuhe.
86) 15) dialog: (cheerfully) Like old times. Do you remember when we three met on the dessert - young men «=~ ?
86) 17) dialog: (with satisfaction) Much brighter, tomorrow,
86) 22) text: Horemheb rises and looks down at Akhnaton, He takes off his cloak and, as he did in the desert, spreads it over the still, frail form, He straightens, rises to his full height, seems to expand.
86) 23) dialog: This is the hour I have awaited all my life. (with a kind of awe) I am Egypt now! : He picks up his goblet, raises it.
86) 25) dialog: And I will do such deeds for her glory -~ !
86) 29) dialog: (fright growing into anger) You dared - ?
86) 31) dialog: You really dared,
86) 33) dialog: This was treason! I will --
86) 35) dialog: Horemheb has recovered his composure, has measured his strength against Sinuhe's with satisfaction, (CONTINUED)
86) 38) dialog: (with amused scorn) Are you trying to tell me that you will fight against me, Sinuhe?
86) 41) dialog: 
88) 5) dialog: (gay and carefree) Well, here we are - our lessons learned, our duties to the temple done. Now you go to the higher temple to study and I to the barracks to become a soldier <--- He stops as he sees someone o.s. across the street, nudge Sinuhe and points. Sinuhe looks in that direction.