20) 2) dialog: Great merchants, buy me at a bargain} Feed me on crusts of bread and water! Beat me whenever it pleases youl Failing with them as they go out into street, Kaptah sees Sinuhe and Horemheb, who have entered, reverses himself, follows them, attaches himself to Sinuhe.
20) 3) dialog: Noble lord, beloved of Pharaoh, let me be your slave and dog! Paying no heed to Kaptah -
21) 3) dialog: Take note that I have only one eye, Physician! A blemish? - nay! - with it I shall make your fortune when I go into the streets proclaiming that formerly I was totally blind until your skill restored half my sight! Conscious of Kaptah only as a vague disturbance, Sinhue tosses back to him a few coppers, alms for a beggar, to get rid of him. Kaptah scrambles for them.
21) 9) dialog: The slave, having gathered the last of the coppers, sits on floor near Sinuhe, attached even more firmly to him - an act which Horemheb notes, but not Sinuhe, who has just caught sight of Merit.
21) 20) text: 122 (Gont.1) He stares at her with mouth open. Horemheb is becoming amused at Sinuhe's discomfiture - misery loving company. Kaptah's single eye is alertly taking in everything be- tween the girl and his chosen master.
21) 37) dialog: (jumps up eagerly) I know just the place, Master! There is a wondrous party tonight = right next door to the Temple of the Goddess of Love}
21) 45) dialog: (eagerly) Shall I hire a carrying chair for my lord?
22) 2) dialog: This morning he bade me send away all his patients to other doctors! When I tried to talk with him, he beat me! He sent for a barber and had himself anointed with sweet-smelling oils! He ordered a chair, so that he would arrive at her house with his feet un- soiled with dust! He is maddened!
24) 2) dialog: Sinuhe is speaking as scene opens.
25) 1) dialog: Sinuhe is hurrying toward the gate carrying a scroll.
25) 2) dialog: (desperately pleading) Do not cast me off, master!
25) 4) dialog: (seizes Sinuhe's clothing) Come with me to the Inn! I beg you! Sinuhe stops and with great anger raises his arm to strik the slave, but seeing that Kaptah patiently awaits the blow, changes his mind and lowers his arm. About to go on toward gate he stops again when he sees -
36) 1) dialog: This is the principal, all-purpose room of a middle-class home. Sinuhe stands looking about him, horror-stricken. His face and body show the effects of the beating he was given by Nefer's Negroes. Kaptah is beside him, almost weeping. On the bed lie the two shroud-wrapped bodies of Sinuhe's parents. The smoke from the fireplace, by which they have ended their lives, still clouds the ceiling and drifts out through door and high windows into the courtyard.
36) 3) dialog: (emotionally) By their own hands, my lord, Smothered with smoke from the hearth. Sinuhe looks about, suffering, looks toward ceiling at --
36) 5) dialog: 
36) 7) dialog: (after pause) Your father left you a letter which he dictated to a scribe.
36) 9) dialog: Master, you Imow I cannot read. Sinuhe takes the papyrus roll which Kaptah hands him, unrolls it, and begins to read. (CONTINUED)
38) 7) dialog: (in bad humor) Every child knows this!
38) 10) dialog: The future is hidden, Master. As the two of them start to leave Sinuhe -
41) 11) text: rather far away, hiding in a doorway, is frantically signaling to Sinuhe. Well beyond Kaptah at the end of the street we see the suggestion of a river ship, its sails being hoisted.
43) 1) dialog: Camera slowly crosses narrow street. We get enough of the color to realize that we are in a land foreign from Egypt There are Syrians, Hittites, Mitannians, Hebrews. There is the suggestion of a camel caravan.
43) 9) dialog: (half mischievous, half serious) You are a cynic also, master ~ without yet knowing it.
46) 15) text: 250 (Cont.) 251 his face sets and he stubbornly shakes his head. One by one Simuhe divests himself of every jewel and ornament he wears, until the armorer ig in a sweat. Kaptah is looking on in horror.
46) 16) dialog: (cries out) Master, have you taken leave of your senses] Sinuhe begins on Kaptah, taking off from him every piece of value.
46) 17) dialog: (almost in tears) Take my life but not these! When all is on the ground in front of the armorer Sinuhe looks at him. The armorer walks to the rack, takes a spearhead, without handle, brings it surreptitiously and hands it to Simuhe, With a look of joy Sinuhe takes it and hides it in his clothing. As armorer goes to pick up the wealth camera moves to close shot of Sinuhe and Kaptah who, during this latter part of the scene, has been rendered speechless in his anguish.
46) 18) dialog: You have given all your wealth for one spearhead of iron?
49) 0) text: The ship is moving slowly up the Nile. In beg. we see the Sphinx and the three great pyramids past which the ship is moving | ~- but the Sphinx and the pyramids as th were in those days ~- not crumbled away, but white with limestone and deseratea with bright colors. Sinuhe and EKaptah are in scene, looking about and looking ahead, Both are in disguise, shrouded in the long enveloping gowns and headpieces of Syrian merchants.
50) 3) dialog: Better we had not come here, where if they do not hang us, we'll surely starve!
50) 7) dialog: (sotto voce, protesting) Our last coppers?
54) 11) text: Sinuhe tries to get to the gate, but the officers who were with the Lieutenant grab hold of him and other sol- diers rush up to help. At the same time, Kaptah makes a break and in the excitement he manages to get away, (CONTINUED )
57) 1) dialog: This is immediately after Sinuhe's scene with Akhnaton. He walks toward the gateway, still troubled. He is carrying the Hittite spearhead, now hides it in his belt beneath his clothing. As he comes out of the gate there is a beggar squatted there, with his hands held up for alms. He does not at once recognize the beggar as Kaptah, nor does Kaptah at once recognize Sinuhe.
57) 5) dialog: For three days I have been without food! I was sure they had lopped off your head!
58) 1) dialog: are approaching the Inn - "The Crocodile's Tail." Having apparently been told Sinuhe's news, Kaptah is very much more cheerful.
58) 2) dialog: Since you are in favor with Pharaoh once more, we may make a fortune even in this starving land. I suggest speculation in grain ---} During the very last part of this, Sinuhe, without a word, has gone through the gateway into the Inn. Kaptah, caught unawares, goes past gateway, sees that he has lost his master, runs after him.
61) 0) text: “AND KAPTAH - DAY At first we see only one of the pictorial decorations. Then into scene, walk Sinuhe and Kaptah, looking about with curiosity.
62) 4) dialog: 
62) 5) dialog: What sort of offerings are these to bring to a god? No slaughtered rams or oxen dripping with rich blood? During this, Merit has entered scene.
63) 1) dialog: Sinuhe quickly catches Merit. Sinuhe is rather pleased that she is piqued at him ~~ it shows that she has missed him, His pleasure shows in kind of a secret smile he has behind everything he says.
64) 1) dialog: Camera is going ahead of Sinuhe and Merit as they walk in the direction which will take them to "The Street to the Docks." Kaptah walks a couple of paces behind them, takin (CONTINUED)
64) 20) text: 306 (Cont.) 307 308 She walks ahead, out of scene. Sinuhe throws a surprised look at Kaptan, follows. Kaptah follows.
65) 12) text: 308 (Cont.) She takes the boy out in a hurry. Sinuhe looks an as- e tonished question at Kaptah. Kaptah opens wide his sin- gle eye.
69) 0) text: She is waiting nervously, no doubt expecting comment from Sinuhe at finding his instruments. Tt does not help her to see that Kaptah is beginning to grin at her. She turns away from him, goes to the porch, prepares to make supper at the brazier, getting fish from a cooling jar to set to ry. ay ROOM IN HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS ~ SINUHE AND THOTH -
72) 0) text: She is keeping busy frying the fish, avoiding Kaptah's look as much as possible. Something in Sinuhe's tone this time makes her nervous.
76) 0) text: She is relieved that she has apparently satisfied Sinuhe but in turning she sees Kaptah's face very close to hers. He is leering at her. ‘
76) 2) dialog: (grinning) More than my lord Sinuhe sees with his twol
76) 11) dialog: Her eyes fill with happy tears. When she sees Kaptah's eye on her -
77) 9) dialog: laughs.
77) 10) dialog: I will run about the streets and proclaim to the people: ‘Hurry to the temple, where my former master heals the sick without payment and gives his wealth to the penniless|!
77) 15) dialog: Do as I doe {he pulls aside one side of his cloak revealing emblem of Cross of Life sewn on his clothing) Wear the Cross in Akhnaton's temple. (eleses this side of his cloak, opens the other, revealing the symbol of the Horns sewn on cloth- ing) Wear the Horns of the old gods in the market place =~ and prosper|
77) 181) dialog: Sinuhe reacts, especially when he sees that Kaptah is bruised and his fine clothing is torn - signs that he has been fighting.
77) 183) dialog: (sheepishly) I followed my master all over the earth ~- now I follow him to destruction,
81) 2) text: bring Merit, with Thoth, to Sinuhe and Kaptah. The butt of the arrow projectiong through the boy's chest tells part of the story; Merit's agony tells the rest. Kaptah plucks at Sinuhe's sleeve. Annoyed to be interrupted, Sinuhe turns, sees Merit with Thoth.
82) 1) dialog: Pinished with the wounded man, Sinuhe hurries to Thoth. Merit watches him with dull eyes as he stoops down to the boy - for she already knows what Sinuhe with a short examination discovers - that the boy has bled to death, He looks up at her with pleading eyes. She turns her back and walks away.