21) 7) dialog: MERIT is a girl of about Sinuhe's age. She wears a simple linen dress, a linen headpiece, a silver ring in one ear, silver bangles on her wrists. By character she is self- possessed, honest, frank, possessed of a sharp tongue, whether used for humor or seriousness. Her face is comely her eyes warm and living, and always have a mingling of a smile and sorrow in them. Just now - as she looks over at Sinuhe - it seems that it is the sorrow which becomes accentuated,
21) 12) text: 122 (Cont. } changes to astonishment - for she doesn't so much as look at him, nor at Horemheb, but approaches the table as to strangers, her eyes on the tray, her mind apparently only on what she is doing. In this manner she begins to serve the wine. Sinuhe stares at her. Deciding that this must be some game she has invented out of caprice, he opens hi cloak with a gesture which he thinks she cannot miss, dis playing Pharach's honors. Horemheb, alerted, sensing some thing, does the same. Not a reaction from Merit, her eyes on table and what she is doing. In consternation, sure now that this is a deliberate caprice, Sinuhe is put to the necessity of offering -
21) 14) dialog: May it benefit you. - turns to go. Bewildered, Sinuhe can do nothing except finally to reach out and grab her skirt to stop her.
21) 17) dialog: Foolishness? It is your usual wine, my lord. If you are not pleased ~~
21) 19) dialog: (interrupting, a touch sharply) Your fame has arrived before you, physician to the King of Egypt. (CONTINUED)
21) 22) dialog: No. I also have to say that as you sit there clutching my skirt, you have the manners of a green boy who wishes to approach a serving girl. He drops her skirt like a live coal, throws a look at Horemheb. Horemheb laughs. Sinuhe is stung. He looks back, sees that Merit has gone. He jumps up and, camera moving with him, follows her, grabs her, whirls her around, camera putting them alone in close shot.
21) 24) dialog: (seriously) No, Sinuhe, I am not playing.
21) 26) dialog: (smiles, but sadly) For you I am happy. For myself --- why should I be happy for something which will separate us?
21) 28) dialog: (with bitterness) The stairway in Pharaoh's palace does not lead to the servants! quarters, my lord. Sinuhe stares at her a moment, then bursts into laughter.
21) 31) dialog: (stubbornly) No.
21) 33) dialog: Can't you? (cuttingly) My name is Merit, and this is a decent tavern, and I am not so far from being innocent - as you should know!
21) 35) dialog: (for the first time furious) Exactly. (twists out of his arms) And what you want of me} (slaps his face) And for what you want, I recommend that you go elsewhere!)
21) 38) dialog: (now thoroughly angry) Why don't you gol (with sarcasm) I'm sure that Pharaoh's physician would be most welcome! (CONTINUED )
21) 41) dialog: And take your friend with you!
21) 44) dialog: {in such a fury she is near tears) Just go there] - and then dare ever to come back to me}
22) 0) text: At first we see only Merit. She is sweeping the floor with a rush broom, Actually she is using the broom more as a weapon than a cleaning instrument, for she is very angry, and is saying -
22) 1) dialog: What business is it of mine where he spends his time! As camera movement discloses Kaptah who, very distressed, is pleading with her.
22) 3) dialog: struggling with herself, about to make another sharp retort, suddenly goes bleak.
22) 4) dialog: (quietly) Bring him to me if you can,
33) 4) text: The sight is too much for Merit.
33) 5) dialog: (distressed) Sinuhe! TwO SHOT - NIGHT Startled, he drops the instruments, whirls around. For & long moment they look at each other across the room before -
33) 6) dialog: (frankly, determined) I have been waiting --
33) 9) dialog: You were a fine doctor. Your life was rising like the sun. Will you let this woman -- ?
33) 11) dialog: (quietly, control- ling herself) I need no one to tell me what to do. His look acknowledges that he kmows how true this is. He refuses to acknowledge anything more and -
33) 13) dialog: (quietly) For many nights you have been absent from the Inn. For many nights - alone on my sleeping mat - I have thought of you.
33) 15) dialog: (with an uncontrol- lable outburst) What it should not be necessary for me to say when you come home at this hour and find me waiting for youl! She has said it - it is out. She looks at him openly. She is still frightened at what she has decided, but (CONTINUED)
33) 19) dialog: (rises with horror) No, Sinuhe!
33) 21) dialog: You cannot do this!
33) 23) dialog: The gods take pity! Breaking into sobs she runs out. Sinuhe looks after her. Then slowly, without spirit, he stoops to pick up the document.
38) 13) dialog: Merit is walking up the valley, walking past ea half- completed tomb on which work has been abandoned for the night, toward Sinuhe. Sinuhe peers, not yet able to identify who is coming.
38) 18) text: Merit comes along. She is completely self=-possessed, sure of herself - but is nowise offensively so - only with the beautiful simplicity which in every way implies that yesterday is dead yesterday and tonight is new.
38) 19) dialog: (quietly) Kaptah told me I would find you here.
38) 21) dialog: I have brought wine and honey cakes.
38) 23) dialog: She looks up at him. With simplicity, with the slight- est kind of gesture, indicates an invitation to come sit beside her.
38) 24) text: bringing Sinuhe to her. He looks down at her for a long time, understanding why she has come but not quite yet believing. Merit smiles.
38) 25) dialog: It's very simple, Simbhe -- almost too simple to need words - what I give, I give only from the heart. He stoops swiftly and gathers her into his arms. Camera pans away and up, during which movement -
41) 15) dialog: Of course she has not seen Sinuhe - but it is as if some intuition has told her that he has been near. She is afraid.
61) 3) dialog: as she lays an offering of flowers at the altar. She seems a subtly different person than we knew years ago ~ but only in that she has acquired maturity which has given her calmmess and more quietness.
62) 3) dialog: turns quickly, having heard Kaptah's voice. Her face lights up with joy and she moves swiftly out of scene.
62) 6) dialog: (with wonder and joy) Sinuhe, is it you?
62) 9) dialog: (with no more than formality) Happy is the day that sees my lord safely returned. She turns away, walking toward the temple gate. Sinuhe reacts, goes after her,
63) 3) text: 52 104. 304 (Cont. ) 305 Merit stops and looks at him levelly.
63) 4) dialog: (now a bit angry - with a bite) If you imagine Itve done so to cure & wounded heart, you're mistaken! She pulls free and walks away. Camera moving with them, Sinuhe chases cheerfully after her.
63) 6) dialog: To my home.
63) 8) dialog: (ironically - with a bite) My lord's will is mine, as he well imows.
63) 10) dialog: Should I be sweet as honey to someone who left me without a word? She disappears ‘out of sight through the gateway.
64) 0) dialog: 
64) 3) dialog: (still with a sting) The world as you describe it is very large -- and without doubt filled with many fair women. As a physician did you use your talents conscientiously on their behalf? Sinuhe looks at her wondering how to get around her. He laughs and - .
64) 5) dialog: (suspiciously) I see you have become a man of the world and learned that a pretty lie can be sweeter to a woman than a plain truth. (bantering, seeming to answer him in kind but actually hiding a truth) Then why shouldn't I confess that I have yearned for you when I have laid alone on my mat? When any man has of- fered friendship I have remembered only you. He looks at her, laughing. She laughs in return. Then suddenly he grows more serious, reaches for her hand. Seeing this, she reaches for his. Behind them Kaptah smiles beatifically like a fat duenna.
64) 6) dialog: (simply) I am happy you are here, Sinuhe.
64) 9) dialog: (stoutly) Akhnaton is not madJ He looks at her seriously - looks at the Cross of Life sewn on her clothing - perhaps touches it,
64) 11) dialog: With all my heart. In this world of a thousand gods, only he has divined the truth -- he is the first in all times to know it -- that there is but one God, who loves us all. For a moment Sinuhe is impressed by the depth of her con- viction.
64) 12) dialog: One day you, too, will believe.
64) 15) dialog: It is the fact that she has turned into this street which has stopped him with astonishment.
64) 17) dialog: Why shouldn't I?
64) 19) dialog: Many people live on this street. (CONTINUED)
65) 4) dialog: Thoth! ,
65) 6) text: as he runs to Merit she stoops down putting her hands on his shoulder, distressed at what she sees. THOTH is dirty and bloody, but proud of his wounds. He is a fine-looking boy of about seven years of age, who also wears the Cross of Life sewn on his torn clothing.
65) 7) dialog: (greatly agitated) What have you done?
65) 9) dialog: (agitated) Thoth, Thoth .. you are all over blood!
65) 11) dialog: Will you? Our house is just there. (to Thoth) Quickly. (CONTINUED)
66) 1) dialog: As Merit hurries the boy into scene through the gateway into courtyard -
66) 3) dialog: The lord Sinuhe -- a very fine doctor. In the courtyard she stops at a little fish pond, whips off her headdress, dampens it in the water and begins to wipe the blood off Thoth's face. At the same time Sinuhe and Kaptah enter scene. Sinuhe stares at the gateway, throws a look at Kaptah, then looks through gateway at Merit.
67) 2) dialog: I bought it several years ago.
67) 4) dialog: It was a good house. For sale at a modest price. (turning to him with seeming exasperation) Are you going to help this child?
67) 6) dialog: You will find things in the house. she (CONTINUED) She 109. 310 (Cont.)
70) 1) dialog: Eow strange life can bel
72) 1) dialog: (tense) Why?
74) 0) dialog: She has waited for this and her answer is ready.
74) 1) dialog: You are mistaken. He is the child of a friend of mine ... a friend now dead +e. he is an orphan.
75) 2) dialog: (continuing) ‘Mother! is only an expression he has learned.
76) 1) dialog: (very quietly, fiercely) You think you see too much with your one eye!
76) 6) dialog: Would you like to stay to supper with us? There is only fish and our wine is common. Sinuhe smiles. He walks into the center of the court- yard by the fish pond. He looks around. He sees Thoth watching him.
76) 8) dialog: smiles.
76) 11) dialog: Her eyes fill with happy tears. When she sees Kaptah's eye on her -
76) 12) dialog: (says in excuse, blinking her eyes) Smoke. .
77) 142) dialog: (worried) Sinuhe ... ?
77) 144) dialog: (staring) There are wounded waiting in the temple. He comes to her and for a moment grips her shoulders roughly.
77) 146) dialog: I have a secret also, Sinuhe, which it is time I told you. Concerning the boy -- (CONTINUED)
77) 150) dialog: Mother --- ?
77) 152) dialog: (shaken) All things are possible ...
77) 155) dialog: (in a quiet, rather strange, calm decided way You must take Thoth with you when you take your place at the palace. (as he starts to pro- test) You believed yourself to be an orphan child -- kind people took you in <= do this for him, (CONTINUED)
77) 158) dialog: (more firmly) It is not fitting for a man to run away, nor can he escape his destiny. Sinuhe -- you will always have the love of your serving girl -- her mat will always be waiting -- forget all else as if it were a dream, and I also will forget.
77) 168) dialog: Thoth! Go home}
77) 175) dialog: are being let in. Bars are thrown across the gate again. Sinuhe goes off in one direction, a definite destination in mind. Thoth runs off in another as Merit tries to stop him. Knocked off balance by someone who is running through -
77) 176) dialog: (calls) Thothl Runs out after him.
78) 3) dialog: Have you seen Thoth? 368 369 370 371 372 373 133.
81) 2) text: bring Merit, with Thoth, to Sinuhe and Kaptah. The butt of the arrow projectiong through the boy's chest tells part of the story; Merit's agony tells the rest. Kaptah plucks at Sinuhe's sleeve. Annoyed to be interrupted, Sinuhe turns, sees Merit with Thoth.
81) 6) dialog: He is your soni Sinuhe whirls and looks at her and the boy again.
88) 11) dialog: I am proud! So proud} They link arms, come along the street, camera retreating ahead of them. Suddenly Sinuhe slows down; Merit adjusts her pace to his, Then he stops altogether, She looks at him - sees that there is a faraway look in his eyes - a thoughtful look on his face.
88) 12) dialog: What are you thinking about? With a slight start, Sinuhe comes out of his absorption. He glances at the diploma in his hand, then looks at Meri