18) 50) text: Following the maidens, come some priests, including Ele, and courtiers, who carry fans to make a canopy over Pharaoh. We see that Pharaoh is none other than Akhnaton. Beside him walks his queen NEFERTITI, a young woman as beautiful and frail as he. They walk with their arms around each other's waist. Directly behind them walks the Princess Baketamon, At her side is Baketamon's mother THE QUEEN MOTHER TAIA, a swarthy-complexioned, evil and interesting old woman. In turn, come princes and prin- cesses of the royal household. Akhnaton carries the emblems of his office carelessly in his free hand and with them, with quiet reproof, he is gesturing those in the court room to get to their feet.
21) 64) dialog: watches him, her interest piqued. Then with a gesture of her hand she swmmons TWO NEGROES, great black giants who stand guard behind her chair. They spring forward. One of them carries an ebony box. Nefer looks away from Sinuhe long enough to open the box, select a modest piece of jewelry which she tosses off to - 132 133 13h 135 136 137 43.
21) 72) dialog: smiles, She boosts the cat off her lap. Turns and signals to a HARPIST in b.g.
21) 77) dialog: as he follows the cat, as if drawn by ea magnet, to her.
21) 79) dialog: This is my home and these are my guests.
21) 81) dialog: Oh?
21) 83) dialog: That officer? She slowly turns her head and looks across the room. 142 143 4s.
21) 85) dialog: She turns to him, finds that he is looking at her in a manner which plainly says that he has not taken his eyes off her. Her hand is still resting on his in the gesture she used to prevent his removing the garland of flowers. After a long pause -
21) 86) dialog: (with a light jest) Have you never seen a woman?
21) 89) dialog: (pleased) Oh?
21) 91) dialog: In their foolishness men give me the name which means beautiful.
21) 93) dialog: Why do you go? He stops and looks at her frankly.
21) 98) dialog: Of all the gifts that a man can bring to a woman which is the only one which is above all price?
21) 107) dialog: (puts her hand on his to stop him) What you must think of me! I have asked for nothing. (rests his hand, in her hand, on her stomach as if by accident) But first you shall hear why a passion is like a cat and why a woman, too, is like a cat - for both have claws which can rip and tear into your heart, and both can torment their prey. I tell you this because I would be honest with you. Leave me now - (lightly) - or you may live to forever regret it.
23) 1) dialog: She is being given a bath by a SLAVE MAID ~ partially visible ~ who pours buckets of warm water over her. The water is washing the blue dye out of her hair, showing its natural color. Somewhere in the house muted music is to be heard, to which Nefer is humming - until she looks over and is reminded of the presence of someone O.8., and little thought wrinkles cross her brow.
23) 4) text: ho. 151 (Cont.) Negro guards, one holding her ever present jewelry box, and a pet dwarf, who is teasing Nefer's cat. On two e sides of her bath trough there is an L-shaped partition almost shoulder-high - which blocks a complete view of her to both camera and Sinuhe. The woman slave who has entered carries a small scroll, some message, which she hands to Nefer. WNefer unrolis it, begins to read.
23) 7) dialog: (carefully light) Is it malice or stupidity that brings you here today, Sinuhe? He is greatly surprised.
23) 8) dialog: What do you want? His eyes flicker.
23) 9) dialog: Was I not generous with you? But yesterday was yesterday and today is today. I am a woman who lives alone and must see to the future - (with mockery) - when your love will have cooled and only wolves are at my door -- (with careless frankness ) - and today a merchant has arrived from Babylon -- Sinuhe reacts with a start of anger, listens incredulousl to -
23) 10) dialog: - with an anklet of wondrous rubies red as blood - which I think tomorrow can be mine. Sinuhe's face flushes and hardens with anger.
23) 14) dialog: (with a bite) Now be off. He stubbornly looks at her. She gives him time to think about it; with her manner of light coldness orders her maid by gesture to cease pouring water and wrap her nakedness in linen.
23) 19) dialog: Why must all men be such liars and deceivers? As his look changes to astonishment she turns away and walks lightly to her anointing room. At the door she stops, turns.
23) 20) dialog: Confess that you are not altogether as poor as you pretend. I believe you have a house, a slave and valuable instruments of fine copper and stone.
23) 24) dialog: (carelessly calling out to Sinuhe) I ask for nothing.
30) 1) dialog: Why do you come at this hour? You have left me alone this long day and now I am tired.
31) 3) dialog: Will you not come in and say goodnight to me? She turns and disappears into her bedroom. Sinuhe goes toward her doorway. WNefer's maid appears in doorway carrying Nefer's ebony box. She opens the lid and in passing Sinuhe drops the deed into the box, 172 173 55.
34) 4) dialog: (pleasantly complaining) How late you are.
34) 7) dialog: (as before) I had begun to think that I had grown old and ugly in your eyes. e He fumbles in his belt, takes out the document, holds i She smiles, but makes no move to take it.
34) 8) dialog: Today you shail know my heart's gratitude. He hesitates, hands her document. In the last second he almost withholds it as he sees the diamond. Not kmowing the reason for his hesitation, Nefer, after she has the document -
34) 9) dialog: (lightly) Or tomorrow.
34) 12) dialog: (lightly) It was once a queen's I am told. She turns away, finding her ebony box, on tiles beside her couch, opens lid of box.
34) 15) dialog: She throws a look at him, hesitates, makes the cynical decision that he from whom she has taken everything so easily, is easily handled = turns away again, her look completely away from him, deposits the deed in her ebony box during -
34) 16) dialog: Do not be vexed, Sinuhe. I deceived him. He was a paunchy man, as fat as a pig -~ (earning back, stops abruptly, fright widening her eyes) Sinuhe. (a second later, in terror) Sinuhe!!
77) 33) dialog: (with sadness and bitterness ) Will I live? Simahe doesn't answer. ‘The conflict in him is very great He finds, unaccountably, that he is beginning to feel pit and compassion and that these feelings are overwhelming anything else.
77) 34) dialog: Better if I died. She moves to go aways