2) 4) dialog: I - Sinuhe the Egyptian, write this -
2) 7) dialog: ~ the last chapter. He stops writing for a moment, looks up, and we see his eyes. As a dying fire retains a heart of glowing coals, so does this man preserve in these eyes the fire of his dying life -- remarkable eyes, which are sometimes alert with intelligence, calm with resigned philosophy, spar- kling with mature and ironic humor, or touched with pain. He looks at the desert, the hills, the sea; bendsover to write.
5) 2) dialog: How can it be that a man ends his life in such a fashion? I, who am called He Who Is Alone, am writing this -- 10 il 12 13 ih Sue 3.
6) 0) text: are listening to the sound of Sinuhe's voice, their heads cocked, their shiny eyes blinking.
6) 2) dialog: He looks up from his work, considering the possibility of this last thought, half in hope, half in doubt. Then he sees the lizards, and his expression alters. He is not surprised to see them, and amiles at them as friends.
6) 3) dialog: But who knows what tomorrow will bring? I eam very old, and I may never finish, eh?
6) 5) dialog: For a moment leans back, wiping weariness from his eyes. Then, an idea striking him, he looks at the lizards again.
6) 6) dialog: I'll tell my story to you --
6) 10) dialog: (with just a trace of bitterness in humor) You have learned not to shun me <- you listen when I speak. Then, warming to his idea, he begins to unroll the papyru scroll slowly backward. ( CONTINUED)
6) 11) text: 5h2 14 (Cont.) 15 16 17 OLD SINUHE (Cont.) I shall tell my story backward - the way a story should be told - for a man winds the years of his life on a scroll. Then unrolling the scroll more rapidly, with wide sweeps of his arm - Let the scroll unwind!
8) 1) text: The building is being erected of great limestone blocks. We see ordinary WORKMEN who shape the stone with crude instruments and set the stones in place - but the focus of interest is a great sledge on which a huge block of stone is being transported. Forty SLAVES, hitched like oxen to the sledge, are trying to pull it up a wet-sanded ramp. OVERSEERS, who carry staffs as tall as themselves, do not hesitate to belabor the backs of the salves. Sinuhe, dressed in the clothing of a physician, stands watching.
8) 3) text: She 17 (Cont.) 18 19 One of the slaves drops senseless to the ground, from starvation and exhaustion. Sinuhe walks to him.
8) 4) text: Sinuhe bends over the slave, examines him. He pushes back his eyelids, looks into dead eyes. He rises, shakes his head at those who have gathered around. There is no expression of horror on Sinuhe's face -~ this is the daily life of these people, not an isolated incident. Camera pulls back to widen angle as an indifferent Overseer shrugs, whacks the harness of the dead slave free with the slash of a large knife. Another Overseer, raising his staff -
12) 6) dialog: 
12) 14) text: Horemheb comes down a step of his throne until he is near Sinuhe but still towering a step above him. He points accusingly at the emblem of the cross of life on Sinuhe's breast - then suddenly rips it off the garment, tearing part of the garment with it.
12) 20) dialog: {after a pause, still with irony, still with a smile) So be it. He turns and walks back in the way he entered.
13) 2) dialog: as for a moment he thinks, looking off, then looking at his "audience."
13) 3) dialog: Let the scroll unwind againl - With a sweep of his hand starts the scroll rolling back- ward.
14) 8) dialog: Cut him off!
14) 10) dialog: as Sinuhe begins to show a little apprehension. (CONTINUED)
14) 13) dialog: We follow him in there? For answer Horemhebd grins like a warrior in battle, whip the team.
18) 12) dialog: Don't you know you could have been killed! Akhnaton looks at him, his eyes burning with such inten- sity, that they seem almost mad. In a voice which has a strange, delicate, almost:feminine quality, and given an added strangeness by the choked intensity of his emotions he says:
18) 15) dialog: (his astonishment being replaced by amused disgust) He said the god is coming.
18) 19) dialog: His god is Aton, the sun. He is a sun worshipper. (CONTINUED)
18) 23) dialog: He has the holy sickness. (goes to Akhnaton) Bring water. After a look Horemheb goes to the chariot. Sinuhe stoops down by Akhnaton and rolls him over onto his back. The young man is unconscious.
18) 24) dialog: (still rather amused) At least I can see that he doesn't swallow his tongue. He tears astripof linen from his clothing, rolls it and inserts it into Akhnaton's mouth. At the same time Horemheb returns from the chariot bringing a small stone flask of water bound with reeds, which he uncorks and hands to Sinuhe. Sinuhe dampens another strip of linen with water and washes the young man's forehead,
18) 30) dialog: {in explanation, astonished and angry) I am a physician --
18) 33) dialog: What now? Horemheb sees that his team is threatening to bolt, runs to them.
18) 63) dialog: (whispers) . Horemheb! The one we called an idiot is Pharaoh!
18) 65) dialog: Forget her and think of us!
18) 67) dialog: Don't you kmow the law? We touched himl We'll lose our heads for it!
18) 70) dialog: Prodded by the Sergeant's lance, Sinuhe gets to his feet.
18) 71) dialog: (succinetly) Farewell, my friend. Camera pans with him as he starts forward, the court laughing at something at the throne, parting to let him through. :
18) 74) text: 76 (Cont.) 77 78 smiling. His courtiers follow Pharaoh's lead, laughing also, The entrance of Sinuhe into scene is hardly no- ticed and seemingly not noticed at all by Akhnaton. Sinuhe throws himself on his face before the throne and intones the customary salutation.
18) 75) dialog: Mighty Pharaoh, King of Upper and Lower Egypt, Living Forever and Ever ... Akhnaton turns his attention to him, lifts a hand which stops instantly the childish game and brings silence in the court.
18) 80) dialog: He starts to open his mouth as if to say something - to make some defense - but remains silent.
18) 83) dialog: His foster son. (CONTINUED)
18) 86) dialog: That I was born an orphan.
18) 92) text: Akhnaton turns to look at his mother in surprise. Others also, including Sinuhe.
18) 96) dialog: In the same year as Pharaoh - so Itve been told.
18) 110) dialog: Sinuhe grows afraid for him - tries to signal him to make the reverence, but Horemheb doesn't see.
18) 131) dialog: Sinuhe turns, tries to smile at him bravely, Horemheb, reassuringly. Then Sinuhe looks openly et Akhnaton,
18) 132) dialog: So let it be.
18) 137) dialog: looks up at Akhnaton as one delivered from the dead,
18) 142) text: 102 (Cont.) 103 10h, 105 106 - until Sinuhe, overwhelmed, cannot believe his good fortune, There is a scene of joy and approval from all, The Dwarf and the monkey are cutting capers. Even Eie is smiling, until -
18) 144) dialog: as Sinuhe looks at him, asking pardon.
18) 154) dialog: Sinuhe breathes a deep breath of relief.
19) 0) dialog: 
19) 5) dialog: How little you know her. Half my trouble comes from being half in love. When a man gives his heart he gives his power - a woman is taken in com- pletely only by a man who does not believe a word he tells her.
19) 7) dialog: But tonight will be another story. The sweet little one says no to a poor physician - (CONTINUED)
19) 8) text: 542 3h. 114 (Cont. ) 115 116 SINUHE (Cont. ) (jestingly displaying jewelry = but who can resist the glories of Fharaoh's physician? Laughing, they go through gate.
20) 4) dialog: (to Horemheb, hiding Pharaoh's jewelry in cloak) Hide our glitter until she comes to the table - take her by surprise! Horemheb hides his jewelry, like Sinuhe; they go in; Kapteah follows.
21) 10) text: Seeing Sinuhe's eyes on her, she turns away, places a wine jug and two drinking bowls on a copper platter, goes out of scene toward table with them.
21) 12) text: 122 (Cont. } changes to astonishment - for she doesn't so much as look at him, nor at Horemheb, but approaches the table as to strangers, her eyes on the tray, her mind apparently only on what she is doing. In this manner she begins to serve the wine. Sinuhe stares at her. Deciding that this must be some game she has invented out of caprice, he opens hi cloak with a gesture which he thinks she cannot miss, dis playing Pharach's honors. Horemheb, alerted, sensing some thing, does the same. Not a reaction from Merit, her eyes on table and what she is doing. In consternation, sure now that this is a deliberate caprice, Sinuhe is put to the necessity of offering -
21) 13) dialog: Happy is the loveliness of the night. No response. In consternation Sinuhe throws a glance at Horemheb. Merit, finished with her business with the wine in a tone which plainly says that it is only the customar phrase of every serving girl to any customer -
21) 15) dialog: Merit! She stops, nothing more, refusing to resist the pressure of his hold on her clothing, but not making a move to turn.
21) 16) dialog: What foolishness is this?
21) 18) dialog: Merit! Stop it! Itve come to bring the most wonderful tidings - (getting angry) - which you could see if you were not blind!
21) 20) text: 122 (Gont.1) He stares at her with mouth open. Horemheb is becoming amused at Sinuhe's discomfiture - misery loving company. Kaptah's single eye is alertly taking in everything be- tween the girl and his chosen master.
21) 21) dialog: Ie that all you have to say?
21) 23) dialog: Is this some game?
21) 25) dialog: (holding her shoulders, even shaking her) For years have we not said that some day the hand of fortune might reach down, lift me from poverty and bring us our dreams?
21) 27) dialog: Separate? --
21) 29) dialog: Stop it, Merit -- take off your apron -- (CONTINUED)
21) 30) text: 122 (Cont.2) 38. SINUHE (Cont. ) (tries to remove it; she stops him) A boat waits on the river with wine and music.
21) 32) dialog: (stares again) I cannot understand you.
21) 34) dialog: (takes her in his arms, caresses) But surely you know how I feel -- ?
21) 43) dialog: (goaded from both sides, agrees) Yesi Why not? (with angry humor) She is a better physician than I am -- as a cure for one woman she pre- scribes another)
21) 46) dialog: (to Horemheb) Who is he?
21) 48) dialog: Did I? (to Kaptah, accepting him, too) Hire a chair! Kaptah scoots out toward door. Horemheb gets up, all ready. Sinuhe turns back for a last thing to Merit.
21) 51) text: looks after Sinuhe. Her anger turns to regret, Tears fill her eyes.
21) 56) dialog: Again the scene contains the suggestion of the dancing girls along one side of screen, and we may also see at least a portion of the ORCHESTRA the members of which, like the dancing girls, are slave girls - but the focus of attention is the ‘door through which Sinuhe and Horemhebd enter. They come in like strangers arriving in unfamiliar surroundings. By entrance slave SERVANTS, both men and women, enter to them, stoop, remove their sandals and begin to wash their feet in rich bowls.
21) 57) dialog: look around and then look at each other as if to say, “This ig not so bad." Of the two Horemheb is the more at ease, for Sinuhe still is uncomfortable as a result of his quarrel with Merit. 129 130 131
21) 62) text: Come? Suddenly Sinuhe finds himself embarrassed and realizes that the impulse which has brought him here with Horemheb will not mecessarily carry him farther.
21) 63) dialog: (mutters, shaking his head) You will pardon ... He manages to convey with some gestures that he has some business with someone over there, moves away, edging along the wall.
21) 66) text: He moves among the merrymakers trying to look as incon- spicuous as possible. Two slaves enter scene from the opposite direction carrying an image of the god, Osiris, & small mummy-image on a decorated bier, accompanied by a BUTLER who is saying to one and all, and to Sinuhe, the customary -
21) 71) dialog: is struck by two things simultaneously: a feeling that this is the most beautiful woman he has ever beheld, and a sharp guilt that he is uninvited here. He turns away, drinks the wine at a gulp, puts the goblet on the tray of the slave who is just going away and with this same movement slips out of sight behind some guests.
21) 77) dialog: as he follows the cat, as if drawn by ea magnet, to her.
21) 78) dialog: (somewhat awkwardly) Is this your home?
21) 80) dialog: Then it is to you I must apologize --
21) 82) dialog: ~ for being here. I came because of my friend - who is miserable in love ... (starts to remove garland of flowers) I'll leave, She reaches out and takes one of his hands to prevent his taking off the flowers. At the same time -
21) 85) dialog: She turns to him, finds that he is looking at her in a manner which plainly says that he has not taken his eyes off her. Her hand is still resting on his in the gesture she used to prevent his removing the garland of flowers. After a long pause -
21) 88) dialog: But I have never seen a woman like you.
21) 90) dialog: Your eyes are greener than the Nile in summer -- what are you called?
21) 92) dialog: Kefer. {after a pause) Goodnight. (starts away)
21) 94) dialog: Because men bring you rich gifts for as little as a smile and I am only a poor physician. Because ... you will laugh et me ... I have never looked at any woman except with the eyes of a doctor. (CONTINUED)
21) 97) dialog: (shakes his head) In the Temple School it was forbidden. Since ... Her eyes have a different look, are glistening with a veiled but deep excitement.
21) 99) dialog: I cannot say.
21) 101) dialog: locks at her, his pulses pounding.
21) 106) dialog: (shakes his head) Nor do I care. (earnestly) Nefer - listen! (hands go to Pharaoh's chains around his neck) All of value I possess was given me by Pharaoh, which is not right I give away -- (1s taking off chains)
23) 4) text: ho. 151 (Cont.) Negro guards, one holding her ever present jewelry box, and a pet dwarf, who is teasing Nefer's cat. On two e sides of her bath trough there is an L-shaped partition almost shoulder-high - which blocks a complete view of her to both camera and Sinuhe. The woman slave who has entered carries a small scroll, some message, which she hands to Nefer. WNefer unrolis it, begins to read.
23) 6) text: Her eyes flicker with secret satisfaction before she tosses away the parchment. She looks toward Sinuhe and -
23) 15) dialog: still looks stubborn. Slowly he comes to a decision. He gestures to someone off and the Negro with the ebony box enters scene, his face a cynical mask. Hating to do it, Sinuhe strips his person of the honors Akhnaton gave him and begins dropping them one by one into the box.
23) 17) dialog: looks at her as if to say that this is his answer to the merchant with the ruby anklet, for this is his all.
23) 21) dialog: (in violent protest) I need these! I ama doctor! She shrugs, goes into the anointing room as if she has dr the subject. She puts aside her linen wrapper and lies on table - partially out of view. A slave maid already waits there for her and is seen to begin to anoint her body wit oil. she 158 159 160 Si.
23) 22) dialog: 4s a victim of a struggle between anger, resentment and desire,
24) 3) dialog: Fellow physicians and students of the House of Life, rejoice that we are Egyptians, foremost in the world in the science of healing. We know the skill of curing blindness with a needle - the use of splints for broken bones - of salves to prevent wounds from festering - of drugs to induce false sleep so that men do not feel pain. Camera has pulled back to include the whole scene. Sinuhe is about to give a demonstration before fellow physicians and students. He is being assisted by another PHYSICIAN. Kaptah squats on the ground near him, eyeing his master with anxious distress. Sinuhe's thoughts are not with what he is saying; his thoughts are with Nefer.
24) 4) dialog: (proceeding with difficulty) Honored am I to have been asked to demonstrate my specialty, the unique art of boring skulls. Sitting in a chair with a linen sheet draped around him is the PATIENT on whom the demonstration is to be given. He is rolling his head and moaning with pain,
24) 5) dialog: This man suffers with evil spirits in the head. (to patient) Where does it pain most? (CONTINUED)
24) 8) dialog: (to assisting physician - holding out hand) My instrument ~ (with sudden unconscious outburst) I cannot do without my instruments! At the shocked look from assisting physician Sinuhe reali what he has said. He hesitates.
24) 9) dialog: (murmurs ) You will pardon - He goes to the patient and with a small hammer which he has taken from the assisting physician he taps the patient's head in various places. When he hits a certain spot the man screams.
24) 10) dialog: (continuing with difficulty) In this spot beneath the skull there is an ugly growth. tte patient, hand~ ing him cup} Drink this and in a moment you will be without pain. Sinuhe is beginning to hear music, on sound track, the same he heard when last with Nefer, With a hand which trembles he takes a boring instrument from the assisting physician.
24) 11) dialog: (continuing with greater difficulty) I shall cut away a piece of bone from this man's skull, remove the growth, replace the bone with a disc of silver -- (suddenly to assistant physician) Finish for me! To the astonishment of all he rushes away and out of the courtyard.
25) 0) dialog: 
25) 3) dialog: (very angry) I am no longer your master!
25) 6) dialog: guessing at the implication, becomes at once angry and desperate, runs to the gate. Nefer's GATEMAN is just closing the gate. Sinuhe squeezes through,
26) 0) dialog: runs through the garden past the lotus pool to house.
29) 4) dialog: Sinuhel
31) 2) dialog: I have brought the deed. He watches her door. After a moment the curtains part and Nefer appears in doorway. She is smiling.
31) 5) dialog: She is laying herself down on her couch. Sinuhe appears dn doorway and comes to her. The room is almost in dark- ness. He looks down at her, a victim of regret and of desire.
31) 6) dialog: Now you possess all that I once owned - my house, my slave, my instruments of a physician - even the clothes I WeAT. She reaches her arms up to him. He takes her hands, kmeels beside the bed. With one hand she brings his head to rest against her breaste
32) 4) dialog: You sent for me? Horemheb stops and looks at him. He is breathing hard from his violent exercise. He looks with anger at Sinuhe.
32) 6) dialog: (after pause) Yes.
32) 8) dialog: {after a pause, beaten) I no longer practice medicine, As Horemheb reacts with great shock and astonishment, Sinuhe turns away and walks back toward the gate.
33) 0) text: comes alone down street - slowly, dejectedly. It is very late; the street is deserted. He stops at his modest gateway beside which hangs a signboard on which is painte the symbol of a physician - (use Babylonian symbol akin to modern caduceus). Sinuhe looks at it a moment, takes it down, carries it with him as he goes through gate, across small, dark courtyard into his small house. 178 179 180 181 182 She 57-
33) 3) dialog: Even when he gets the lamp lighted he doesn't immediately see her. He looks again at the sign he has brought in- side with him, his face bleak for a moment before he tosses the sign aside. His eyes are caught by some sur- gical instruments, of stone and copper, lying on the table. He reaches for a bag and begins to pack them away.
33) 7) dialog: (interrupting, harshly) If it is a doctor's advice you seek, see him who will occupy this house tomorrow! She shakes her head violently to stop him. Understanding that this is not the purpose of her visit, he studies her. He walks across the room slowly to her. She meets his look for a long time before - (CONTINUED)
33) 10) dialog: {again interrupt- ing, harshly) Did Kaptah send you?! Of course he is driving against her out of contempt for himself, out of guilt, out of a despair which he will not acknowledge.
33) 12) dialog: (harshly) Then why did you come? Her eyes drop away. Her breathing comes more rapidly. As her fright increases, but as her determination in- creases also -
33) 14) dialog: (deliberately per- verse, sarcastic) What are you trying to say, sweet Merit? (of course he knows)
33) 17) dialog: (in the anger of despair) You are a little late! If you would take her place, change your eyes from brown to green ~- change your name to that one which means beautiful so that I shall repeat it over and over! Sprinkle your hair with gold, paint your mouth red ~~ change your heart to evil -- | (stops himself) Seeing that her eyes flood with tears, he drives with harsher cruelty.
33) 18) dialog: You wish to help me? Then do! (produces a scroll) With this I deed her my inheritance --
33) 20) dialog: The home in which my aged parents live - the tomb they have prepared for their eternal rest -~ {
33) 22) dialog: It needs the signature of witnesses -- be the first to sign! He holds it out to her. She strikes it from his hand.
34) 6) dialog: (lifelessly) I have deeded to you the home of my parents.
34) 10) dialog: (with a quietness which she doesn't yet realize as deadly) That diamond is new? She hesitates a moment, waiting to see if there is any- thing more to it than a simple question; when he says e nothing more - (CONTINUED)
34) 13) dialog: (as before) I have seen it before. She stops all movement, alerted, but not looking at him.
34) 14) dialog: On the headdress of a Babylonian merchant.
34) 22) text: The Negro who has come in after Sinuhe heaves him to pool's edge, where he is seized by second Negro, pulled up like a toy, smashed in the face into the trunk of a tree, at the foot of which Sinuhe falls down, half in- sensible. Second Negro out of pool, a rushing blot past camera.
34) 23) dialog: One Negro picks up Sinuhe, hits him, sending him spinning against Second Negro, who picks him up in his two hands, high into the air over his head, hurls him toward garden gate onto ground, First Negro instantly on him, picks him up, high over head, hurls him toward gate. These giants handle him like a sack of grain.
34) 27) dialog: On the ground - dirty, bloody, unconscious ~ Sinuhe makes an effort to rise - only a slight, convulsive movement - stiffens into the dirt, After a moment camera pans away slightly. Peering cautiously around the corner of a wall comes the one eye of Keptah.
36) 2) dialog: (dead tone) How did my parents die?
36) 5) dialog: 
36) 6) dialog: There is the boat in which I drifted down the Nile. (bitterly) In their simplicity they said I was a gift from the gods -- not knowing what evil the gift would bring them.
36) 8) dialog: Read it.
36) 11) dialog: I, Semmut, and his wife Kipa send greet~ ings to our son Sinuhe. Throughout your life you have brought us only joy, and great has been our pride in you. We are grieved for your sake because you have met with reverses, and we believe that in all you did you could not help your- self. Do not grieve that you were required to sell our tomb, for all exist- ence is vanity -- we are old, and death comes to us as welcome as sleep to the weary.
36) 12) text: as he continues reading only with greatest difficulty. SINUHE © (reading with emotion) Remember always that we blessed you before we left. May all the gods of Egypt protect you from danger, may your heart be shielded from sorrow --- such is the desire of your father and your mother.
37) 2) dialog: I am Sinuhe - called He Who Is Alone - As scene is disclosed - = and my name is written in the Book of Life of the Physicians. (CONTINUED)
37) 5) dialog: Into this House of Death I have brought the bodies of a man and a woman to be preserved by your art that they may enjoy eternal life in the hereafter.
37) 9) dialog: as Sinuhe subsides.
37) 14) dialog: (seizing him desperately) I will work for you to pay! The Foreman looks at him as if he can't credit his ears.
37) 17) dialog: 
38) 9) dialog: (quietly) My parents hed very little in their earthly life. (after a pause) You can go now, Kaptah. I can give you nothing but my gratitude. (turns to grave robber) And you -- you're a kind man though a@ grave robber. (a rueful half laugh) Tomorrow I may join you in your trade -- (to Kapteh) Some day I may see you.
38) 13) dialog: Merit is walking up the valley, walking past ea half- completed tomb on which work has been abandoned for the night, toward Sinuhe. Sinuhe peers, not yet able to identify who is coming.
38) 15) dialog: He sees that it is Merit, jumps to his feet. (CONTINUED )
38) 17) dialog: Stay away! For forty days and nights I have labored in the House of Death.
38) 20) dialog: The odor of death is on me. She steps near him, at what might be termed a respectful distance, fearing that to come further without his con- sent might offend him.
38) 22) dialog: I have joined a cast which is shunned by every living being! Merit finds a spot close by where the sand is smooth, sets down her burdens, seats herself and opens her bas- ket. He watches her, dumbfounded.
38) 24) text: bringing Sinuhe to her. He looks down at her for a long time, understanding why she has come but not quite yet believing. Merit smiles.
40) 6) dialog: There is an air of calmness about Sinuhe of accepting fat whatever 1t may be, which contrasts with Horemheb's violence, a kind of friendly anger.
40) 8) dialog: (calmly, resigned) Since you have found me and you are the captain of Pharaoh's palace guard -~
40) 10) text: 42 72. 222 (Cont.) 223 22h 225 226 227 228 He grabs hold of Sinuhe's clothing at the shoulder, practically throws him into the chariot, jumps in after him, applies whip to team.
41) 3) dialog: Horemhebd --
41) 5) dialog: Stands looking after him, holding the purse, gratitude for Horemheb's friendship, many other things passing through his mind. Turning, he sees -
41) 8) dialog: looks around, wondering where to hide. Over his shoulder he sees: EXT. “STREET TO THE DOCKS" FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE - DA The entrance'to the Inn, "The Crocodile's Tail." she 229 230 231 232 233 23h 73.
41) 11) text: rather far away, hiding in a doorway, is frantically signaling to Sinuhe. Well beyond Kaptah at the end of the street we see the suggestion of a river ship, its sails being hoisted.
42) 5) dialog: As many as the sands of this desert were the follies of my youth. Heavy was my punishment -- then, as now, I was an exile from my home. He raises his head, His tone changes as he begins another story.
42) 6) dialog: I saw the whole world. I saw the rulers and the people. I saw the gods the people worshipped.
43) 1) dialog: Camera slowly crosses narrow street. We get enough of the color to realize that we are in a land foreign from Egypt There are Syrians, Hittites, Mitannians, Hebrews. There is the suggestion of a camel caravan.
43) 4) dialog: Kaptah, is there no means by which we can ever return to Egypt?
43) 6) dialog: (entertaining the idea, half question, half statement ) Gold.
43) 8) dialog: (with a smile, but not at all dismissing the idea) You are a cynic, slave.
44) 4) dialog: (gravely) Your son's spirit is drifting close to the shores of the Western Land from which none has returned. (whispers to Kaptah) A simple infection. (to Aziru) Two-tenths of your wealth, King.
45) 5) dialog: I perceive that your Majesty is possessed of the nastiest devils I have ever encoun- tered. (CONTINUED)
45) 7) dialog: (whispers with amuse- ment to Kaptah) A toothache. Sinuhe gets to his feet, looks at the King boldly. Kaptah starts to get to his feet, thinks better of it and goes down again.
45) 17) dialog: Between a serious question and an answer there should be an interval of thought. He has perceived the direction of Kaptah's look, He, too, looks at the military maps on the wall.
45) 21) dialog: At least stranger to me, Prince, for I am not a military man. if my name were Horemheb I think I should con- clude that you Hittites are planning an invasion against the land of Egypt. There is an appreciable start from the commanders at this. The Prince looks around at them unruffled and smiling.
45) 23) dialog: I shall astonish you. My fee shall be exactly of the size of the foreign particle which has lodged in your princely eye. The Prince laughs and Sirmhe laughs with him. He bends forward to business. He has one of the Commanders hold open the Prince's eye. From a portable medicine kit he takes a small copper instrument like a tweezer, another like a mimute Imife. Kaptah begins to walk around the tent. This makes the commanders nervous, especially when Kaptah gets near the passageway leading to the tent of the armorers.
45) 24) dialog: takes from the Prince's eye a small sliver of metal which he hides in his clothing. He straightens up. .
45) 25) dialog: Done.
46) 3) dialog: My friend, -- (from out of clothing takes particle removed from Prince's eye) ~ from the eye of your Prince I have removed a small sliver of a metal with which you Hittites make your weapons. What is it called?
46) 5) dialog: I think this new metal will change the history of the world. What is it called?
46) 9) dialog: The armorer goes to a rack on which are kept many weapons of various sorts including some copper and some of the new metal. He picks up a spear with ea copper head. He drives it against his stone anvil. The spearhead bends double,
46) 13) dialog: (repeats ) Iron. (then) Sell me a spearhead of this metal,
46) 19) dialog: (with excitement and oy) With this passport I will dare return to Egypt! Soon we will go -
47) 0) text: Begin on close shot. On Old Simuhets face there is exactly the same expression we have seen on Sinuhets face in the land of the Hittites, and in direct contimation of the speech in the preceding scene -
47) 1) dialog: - home! Camera pulls slowly back.
47) 2) dialog: We escaped to a ship, on which we took passage as two merchants of Syria. It was prudent that we enter Egypt in (CONTINUED )
47) 5) dialog: How my heart leaped when from the horizon rose the sight of the delta of the Nile.
49) 0) text: The ship is moving slowly up the Nile. In beg. we see the Sphinx and the three great pyramids past which the ship is moving | ~- but the Sphinx and the pyramids as th were in those days ~- not crumbled away, but white with limestone and deseratea with bright colors. Sinuhe and EKaptah are in scene, looking about and looking ahead, Both are in disguise, shrouded in the long enveloping gowns and headpieces of Syrian merchants.
50) 4) dialog: We will soon be at the barracks. He reassures himself by feeling the Hittites spearhead which is concealed in his clothing. Propped against a wall is a BEGGAR WOMAN, starving, clothing in rags, with a small CHILD in her lap, tugging at the woman's empty breasts.
50) 6) dialog: Give this woman alms, Merchant of Syria.
50) 8) dialog: (to woman) You shall have alms for answers to some questions. The woman holds up her scrawny hands, piteously.
50) 9) dialog: In Syria we think of Egypt as the most
50) 11) text: 256 (Cont.) 257 258 SINUHE (Cont.) prosperous nation on earth -- yet here we find nothing but misery and famine. From what cause?
50) 13) dialog: (genuinely surprised) You dare speak of your sacred Kirg Akhnaton in this way?
50) 16) dialog: Can this be our Egypt - brought to the verge of civil war by a petty squabble over gods? Ahead of them they hear the growing sound of many people and stop, look.
54) 4) dialog: To see Horemheb. With a gesture the Lieutenant orders the sentry to let Sinuhe and Kaptah enter. They come to the Lieutenant and other officers. Kaptah is holding back, nervous at being so close to the armed authority. His manner is enough to incite suspicion.
54) 6) dialog: I have something of great value for him.
54) 8) dialog: (stubbornly ) It is for Horemheb alone. The Lieutenant is studying Sinuhse, not only with suspi- cion but with the birth of recognition. He goes closer to him. Sinuhe, sensing danger, averts his face.
54) 11) text: Sinuhe tries to get to the gate, but the officers who were with the Lieutenant grab hold of him and other sol- diers rush up to help. At the same time, Kaptah makes a break and in the excitement he manages to get away, (CONTINUED )
54) 13) dialog: In the struggle the Hittite spearhead, ‘which Sinuhe car- ries in his clothing, is loosened and falls with a clang to the paving stones.
54) 14) text: As Sinuhe, restrained by the soldiers, tries to pick up the spearhead, the Lieutenant's foot steps on it.
54) 18) dialog: {hotly protesting) If you recognize me, you know I am his friend! Take me to him!
55) 5) dialog: is now sure that his fears are well grounded. Then abruptly his expression alters tremendously into amaze- ment as he sees:
55) 8) dialog: Sister of Pharaoh} For a moment the Princess looks down at Sinuhe's figure, her expression completely enigmatic. Then she turns to the Lieutenant, who is fawning and apologetic. (CONTINUED )
55) 11) dialog: raises his head to look after her in pure amazement.
55) 14) dialog: Scene begins on a close shot of Sinuhe in the same attitu as the previous scene, that is prostrate on the floor. He has been bathed and dressed in fine linen. The floor, made of tiles, is decorated with gold and semiprecious stones.
55) 16) dialog: I am here to serve you, Great Queen Mother. Are you 111?
55) 19) dialog: (carefully) I will believe what the Great Queen Mother tells me to believe.
55) 22) text: Sinuhe sits down near her thinking that now at last some key to the mystery will be given him. But for a space Taia only weaves on her mat, and then -
55) 24) dialog: (carefully) Are those fowler's knots?
55) 26) text: 277 (Cont.) 92. For a moment Sinuhe entertains a chilling thought. Then he abandons it as being ridiculous. For some again.
55) 27) dialog: I am told that Pharach was born in the spring in the sowing season. I came the previous autumn when the floods stood at their highest.
55) 29) dialog: (startled) What do you mean?
55) 31) dialog: I am not laughing.
55) 38) dialog: As a physician, Great Queen Mother, it is my opinion that you have drunk too much ale.
55) 39) text: As Sinuhe gets up -
55) 40) dialog: Is it your divine will that I may leave? For a moment she studies him, her head cocked, her eyes flashing lightning. Then she giggles, as old women do when tipsy. .
56) 2) text: Confronting Sinuhe is an EGYPTIAN OFFICER whom he has never seen before, With him a squadron of SOLDIERS. In b.g. is to be seen a chariot, the team of horses held by another SOLDIER.
56) 4) dialog: (amazed) Where now? But the Officer turns on his heel and walks toward chariot without a further word. As Sinuhe begins to follow and soldiers form to escort him -
56) 11) text: There 1s general consternation, We see that Sinuhe has been brought to the throne room by Horemheb, but has been left in the crowd out of view of the throne.
56) 16) text: But Horemheb does not mean to leave the room. He parts erowd, seizes hold of Sinuhe and drags him to the throne,
56) 17) text: Sinuhe throws himself on the floor befpre the throne. Akhnaton leans forward, staring when he sees who it is.
56) 25) text: Is the shepherd angry at the stray lamb which returns to the fold? (anxiously) Have you returned to me, Sinuhe? Looking at him in wonder, Sinuhe gets to his feet. On the way to the throne he plucks the Hittite spearhead out of the table and takes it with him, and supposing that Akhnaton has caused them to be alone so that he can hear the truth as Sinuhe knows it - (CONTINUED)
56) 27) dialog: The things that Horemheb said about the Hittites --
56) 30) dialog: (with amazement) Is this the tone with which Pharaoh addresses a subject?
56) 33) dialog: (with a wry smile) The things Ilearned in the world.
56) 35) dialog: I saw the people and the rulers. I learned thet whoever rules, it is always the meek and the poor who suffer, I saw the gods and found them all evil. (CONTINUED)
56) 39) dialog: (very disturbed) It would be very wonderful if the world could be as Pharaoh imagines it - but it is not.
56) 41) dialog: Pharaoh is weak?
56) 43) dialog: (very troubled) I am a physician. I can heal bodies, I have even cured the blind. But I know nothing of bringing light to men's souls, When Pharaoh speaks something moves me which I do not understand -- but I do not know your god. (CONTINUED)
56) 46) dialog: You are i113 (calls off with a strong voice) Steward! Attend the King!
57) 4) dialog: (after all that has happened to him) I almost wonder myself.
58) 0) dialog: 
61) 0) text: “AND KAPTAH - DAY At first we see only one of the pictorial decorations. Then into scene, walk Sinuhe and Kaptah, looking about with curiosity.
62) 1) dialog: are walking toward the altars. Sinuhe is looking for Merit. It is clear he has not yet seen her. They come upon a YOUNG PRIEST. As Sinuhe and Kaptah stop and Sinuhe looks around, Kaptah engages the Priest in con- versation.
62) 4) dialog: 
62) 8) dialog: Merit... ? ANGLE OF THE Two - DAY The smile is wiped off her face. At first she 1s more chagrined than angry.
63) 2) dialog: I looked for you at the Inn. I didn't guess I'd find you here. (touches cross on her clothing) Have you taken to religion? (CONTINUED)
63) 5) dialog: Where are you going?
63) 7) dialog: May I walk with you?
63) 9) dialog: (conciliatory) Don't be angry with me.
63) 11) dialog: (now slightly alarmed, though serious) There is an explanation -- } He disappears through gates. For a moment we hold on the people entering through and leaving through the gate, the we see Kaptah, who hurries through the gate after Sinuhe and Merit, bent on hearing every word they say, already enjoying himself.
64) 0) dialog: 
64) 2) text: 542 105. 305 (Cont.) it all in. Apparently Sinuhe has just concluded a descrip tion of his travels, and apparently the two have not yet become reconciled for -
64) 4) dialog: (with exaggeration which amounts to comedy) Will it please you if I say that not one day has passed but what I have whispered your name to the winds? I sent my greetings to you with the swallows which flew up the Nile.
64) 7) dialog: So am I ~- even if it is a mad world where the only thing that hasn't changed is a woman with a sharp tongue. (CONTINUED)
64) 10) dialog: Do you really believe so much?
64) 16) dialog: Do you live on this street? She hesitates a fraction of a second, seems to be conceal ing something embarrassing, seems to be concealing it wit
64) 18) dialog: This is the same street where I grew up as a child)
64) 20) text: 306 (Cont.) 307 308 She walks ahead, out of scene. Sinuhe throws a surprised look at Kaptan, follows. Kaptah follows.
65) 2) dialog: How long have you lived here? At this moment, before she is required to answer -
65) 5) dialog: Mother?
65) 10) dialog: (studying them) Shall I have a look at him? Merit looks up at him gratefully, all else momentarily forgotten in her concern for the boy.
65) 12) text: 308 (Cont.) She takes the boy out in a hurry. Sinuhe looks an as- e tonished question at Kaptah. Kaptah opens wide his sin- gle eye.
66) 4) dialog: (almost angrily) This is your house? Goes through gateway, Kaptah follows.
67) 3) dialog: Knowing that it was once the home of my parents?
68) 3) dialog: (quietly) So I see.
69) 0) text: She is waiting nervously, no doubt expecting comment from Sinuhe at finding his instruments. Tt does not help her to see that Kaptah is beginning to grin at her. She turns away from him, goes to the porch, prepares to make supper at the brazier, getting fish from a cooling jar to set to ry. ay ROOM IN HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS ~ SINUHE AND THOTH -
69) 2) dialog: (calls to outside) When you purchased these instruments were you innocent that they were once mine? 314 315 316 317 110.
71) 2) dialog: (to THOTH) This will hurt.
71) 4) dialog: Yes. (adds) I hope you will use these instruments with more credit than I did. (then calls out) You are to be congratulated!
72) 0) text: She is keeping busy frying the fish, avoiding Kaptah's look as much as possible. Something in Sinuhe's tone this time makes her nervous.
73) 2) dialog: But you lied to me -- Obviously you have married someone while I was gone. If Merit could see him at this moment she would not be nervous for his thought is as innocent of any hidden meaning as is his tone - and his attention is on what he is doing. she 318 319 320 321 ill.
75) 4) dialog: A small present ... one orphan to another.
76) 0) text: She is relieved that she has apparently satisfied Sinuhe but in turning she sees Kaptah's face very close to hers. He is leering at her. ‘
76) 4) dialog: A good lad. He wanders over to see her cooking, sniffs the frying fish with pleasure. (CONTINUED)
76) 7) dialog: That's the sycamore tree that I learned to climb when I was younger than you are. I used to stand right here with my father when he saw his patients.
76) 10) dialog: For the first time I have the feeling of being home.
77) 4) dialog: Your diagnosis? Thoth, sober and worried, waggles his finger and when Simiuhe bends down, whispers in his ear. Whatever it is he says meets with Sinuhe's approval. The Woman is un- kmotting a dirty rag which serves as pursee
77) 6) dialog: (hands her money from his purse) Buy this child milk. The Mother, with tears of gratitude in her eyes, tries to seize and kiss Sinuhe's hand but he evades her, signals for next patient. (CONTINUED )
77) 17) dialog: My mind agrees with you -=- but something in me ~ wishes. He turns around at the sound of an approaching chariot. 115.
77) 20) dialog: I have been busye
77) 22) dialog: Akhnaton has also sent for me. If I make him wait I can make you.
77) 24) dialog: Will it be as bad as that?
77) 28) dialog: Raise your head and open your eyes. 333 33h 335 116.
77) 30) dialog: Nefer eos | She looks at him piteously.
77) 35) dialog: Wait. She stops.
77) 36) dialog: (gently) I will undertake your cure. Picking up a scrap of papyrus he begins to scribble on it Tears come into her eyes. Her lips tremble - she cannot speak.
77) 53) dialog: Akhnaton's eyes come to rest wearily on Sinuhe.
77) 57) dialog: Try to rest. Camera pans with him as he walks away, going down stairwa where the others have gone.
77) 66) text: It is clear that the two have already talked and arrived at some course of action, Sinuhe is on his guard.
77) 68) dialog: (carefully) Only the dead never feel pain, (CONTINUED )
77) 72) dialog: Hat
77) 74) dialog: Forgive me - but just now Akhnaton begged me --- but let that pass.
77) 78) dialog: {after a pause, rather astonished) How very strange. (thinking, "but true")
77) 80) text: 32 (Cont.1) Sinuhe looks from one to the other,
77) 83) dialog: And who would rule Egypt? There is a hesitation between the two.
77) 85) dialog: Only murder is my affair. He turns on his heels and, camera panning with him, goes toward the doorway to courtyard. 3h3 HOREMHEB AND EIE - SUNDOWN There ig a quick exchange of looks between them.
77) 88) dialog: I asked you who would rule Egypt.
77) 93) dialog: (thoroughly astounded) What marvel is this?
77) 95) dialog: (with amazed irony) Did she send for me to tell me her great joy?
77) 100) dialog: I agree to see Baketamon. He goes. 3h7 «© EXT. COURTYARD OF "HOUSE OF WOMEN" - LONG SHOT - S
77) 104) dialog: Gracious lady, I was delayed --
77) 112) dialog: By your side.
77) 114) dialog: (carefully) Horemheb is a mighty man.
77) 116) dialog: For what reason do you preserve your- self, may I ask? Shocked, she whirls and looks at him,
77) 117) dialog: If maidenhood has gone to your head, a good marriage might cure you. (rather enjoying his role) No tree ought to bloom forever - it should also bear,
77) 119) dialog: (with a wise smile) Or can it be, as people say, that you are made of frozen blocks of Nile water? She locks at him quite differently than ever before, and then, for answer takes his head in her hands and kisses him with fire and passion.
77) 120) text: As Baketamon releases him and whirls away out of scene. Sinuhe stares after her with bewilderment. 126.
77) 123) dialog: (trying to regain his conposurey They did not ...
77) 125) dialog: You have agreed?
77) 127) dialog: (impressed with neat- ness of the plan) Horemheb is to be envied,
77) 131) dialog: (staring down at her, overwhelmed with the enormity of the idea, bewildered) How is this possible?
77) 138) dialog: In the bright moonlight breaking through storm clouds Sinuhe is examining the features of the statue of a delicate, small, young woman. He searches the cold stone, deeply moved with emotion as he tries to find in it the personality of the child Queen whom he is convinced may have,been his mother, After a time -
77) 143) dialog: (intensely) How many times I've played here as a child - at war games with Horemheb! How many times I've climbed up this stone - gripped this face with my small boy's grimy hands}
77) 145) dialog: I have a terrible secret. He goes instantly back to the statue.
77) 151) dialog: So I have been led to believe. And if this is true then I, Sinuhe, have the blood of the Pharaohs and I, not Akhnaton, might have sat on the throne. This much I know for sure -- tomorrow I can take the throne. (shows her his palm) As easily - (closes his palm) Can you believe this?
77) 154) dialog: What shall I do, Merit? The palace reeks with crime - it rots with intrigue -- but what is a man's birth- right -- } (suddenly, rapidly) We will go away! You and I. Come with me. You and I and the boy -- you started to say something about him? ~- There must be some place beyond the reach of all this evil! She feels the force of his appeal as he waits for her answer. After a struggle with herseif -
77) 157) dialog: But you? I cannot live without youl
77) 166) dialog: We can get in through the side gate. (CONTINUED)
77) 180) dialog: In your turn. Make a line, here} Getting to his instruments, he stops as he sees Kaptah.
77) 181) dialog: Sinuhe reacts, especially when he sees that Kaptah is bruised and his fine clothing is torn - signs that he has been fighting.
77) 182) dialog: Aren't you on the wrong side of the wall?
77) 184) dialog: Help me make order. (to all) Each in your turn!
81) 1) dialog: Sinuhe is working as quickly as he can; there are many wounded. Kaptah is the first to see Merit coming, turns to watch her as she carries Thoth through f.2.
81) 2) text: bring Merit, with Thoth, to Sinuhe and Kaptah. The butt of the arrow projectiong through the boy's chest tells part of the story; Merit's agony tells the rest. Kaptah plucks at Sinuhe's sleeve. Annoyed to be interrupted, Sinuhe turns, sees Merit with Thoth.
81) 4) dialog: (after a struggle) Wait your turn! He turns and works feverishly on the wounded man who has been receiving his attention. (CONTINUED)
81) 7) dialog: (after a terrible struggle, manages to say - ) In line. He turns back and works furiously. Kaptah comes to Merit. He gently forces her back, camera panning with them away from Sinuhe. He helps her lay the boy on the ground. Her frantic eyes plead with him. But Kaptah can do nothing. 37h EXT. TEMPLE - CLOSE SHOT AT MAIN GATES - BATTERING RA
83) 7) dialog: Sinuhe is moving among the dead. Presently he comes upon that for which he searches - finds the body of Merit among a pile of dead. He picks her up, carries her to the altar at the foot of the Cross of Life, lays her down next to the body of Thoth.
83) 10) dialog: Help yourselfi As he walks past her his face seta with bitter anger and determination. DISSOLVE TO; Ske 382 383 136.
83) 14) dialog: bringing him to them. On his face is seen the bitterness which was there when he walked out of the temple. They hurry into scene to him. Sinuhe stops and looks at them.
83) 16) dialog: It does. I've had my fill of Akhnaton's kingdom on earth. He unfolds his right hand, shows that he carries a small stone vial.
83) 18) dialog: In a cup of wine - (wry smiles) - when you and I drink with him.
83) 21) dialog: We are bound together - as you said. (then getting to business) Spare me one of your guards -- I want a pantry cleared so I can work privately. (going away) Don't fret, Horemheb -- what is needed will be in Pharaoh's cup. He walks out through a door into a corridor. Horemheb, worried, has nothing to do but -
85) 0) text: sees Sinuhe, Unable to speak because of those present she throws him a look which is at once both an entreaty and a question,
85) 4) dialog: enters, closing door so guard will remain outside. He selects a bottle of wine, three goblets; opens wine. Into the first of the goblets he pours a small quantity of liq from the stone vial - hesitates a moment = into second go let pours a like quantity. Then into the third goblet he pours a like amount. This latter action is completely inexplicable until we see his next: He picks up a big jar of olive oil, pours a large quantity of oil into a larger drinking vessel, begins to drink it.
86) 5) dialog: So let it be.
86) 7) dialog: The one he will take. He goes to Akhnaton's doorway, where he waits. Horemheb summons his nerve, goes through into the room, Sinuhe follows.
86) 21) dialog: (more to himself than 6 Horemheb) Why have I done this? Was it for the good of Egypt? Was it because he asked me, and I loved him -- did I hate hin, because of Merit and Thoth? Or is it written that a man must live his life until his cup be full to overflowing?
86) 24) dialog: (fascinated, quietly) Horemheb ...
86) 26) dialog: Don't drink it, Horemheb looks an astonished question at him.
86) 27) dialog: Or you will not be Egypt - or any - thing. Slowly comprehension dawns on Horemheb. The hand which holds the goblet begins to tremble; he drops the goblet which rings on the floor, and wine splashes everywhere,
86) 28) dialog: Go to the temple, Horemheb --
86) 30) dialog: Baketamon waits. she (CONTINUED) She 397 (Cont.) yl. SINUHE (Cont.) (walking away into room) She will be greatly surprised, for it is not you she expects, and no doubt the claws of the lioness goddess will rip into you - but you can prevail. (on the other side of cot, looks at crown, etc. on table) Go to the temple, climb the throne - (throws crown more at him than to him) - receive your crown and bless my name, for I, an insignificant physician, have make you Pharaoh!
86) 32) dialog: Yes, I dared and dare now, had not Akhnaton's last words saved us both, Wear the dirty crown! --
86) 34) dialog: (with scorn) You will, will, what you will! You will go to war and win a battle? You will con= quer and not know that it is defeat? You will raise Egypt to glory, and watch her die? Horemheb, the crown is heavy, and you will wear it with sorrow. We live in the twilight of Egypt, and you will be her sunset. Wations rise, only to fall - races die out - kings build mighty monuments, only to have them crumble into dust - glory flees like a shadow -- all these things are earthly, and have the seed of death in them. Only a thought can live = only a great truth can grow and flourish, and a truth cannot be killed. It passes in secret from one man's heart to another - it is given in a mother's milk to her child ~~ How many upheavals must occur, how many people be swept from the face of the earth before the truth shines in glory, but it will, it will ...
86) 39) dialog: 
86) 40) dialog: Oh, you will win that too - you will silence me, But not for a long time, for we are bound together, you and I -~ the knowledge of a mutual crime forms bonds even stronger than those of friendship - and until you do silence me ---
86) 43) dialog: with camera moving very slowly to him during -
87) 0) dialog: as he continues directly -
87) 1) dialog: There is no difference between one man and another, for all are born naked into the (CONTINUED)
87) 2) text: 402 (Cont.) 403 kok hos 406 407 OLD SINUHE (Cont.) world, A man cannot be measured by the color of his skin, or by his speech, or by his clothes and jewels, but only by his heart. A good man is better than a bad man, and justice is better than in- justice. I have spent the days of my life in seeking knowledge -- and that is all I imow, A swift, wide motion of his hand sets the scroll rolling backward,
88) 10) dialog: (showing papyrus roll) I'tve got it!
88) 13) dialog: (eager, alive) i wonder what this life holds in store for me see. Then, lightheartedly they start to walk again, coming directly toward camera, their faces alive with hope- and expectation for the future,