18) 50) text: Following the maidens, come some priests, including Ele, and courtiers, who carry fans to make a canopy over Pharaoh. We see that Pharaoh is none other than Akhnaton. Beside him walks his queen NEFERTITI, a young woman as beautiful and frail as he. They walk with their arms around each other's waist. Directly behind them walks the Princess Baketamon, At her side is Baketamon's mother THE QUEEN MOTHER TAIA, a swarthy-complexioned, evil and interesting old woman. In turn, come princes and prin- cesses of the royal household. Akhnaton carries the emblems of his office carelessly in his free hand and with them, with quiet reproof, he is gesturing those in the court room to get to their feet.
18) 91) dialog: (harshly) In what year?
18) 94) dialog: In what year were you born, to sur- vive thie river voyage? (CONTINUED)
18) 99) dialog: (veiling her eyes) Curiosity only. : She seems to relax.
18) 102) dialog: Though the queen mother has seemed to relax, in actual- ity she hasn't at all but continues to study Sinuhe. Un- eonsciously she still retains her grip on Baketamon's wrist and the latter has to forcibly remove her hand. Then Baketamon looks off in the direction from which she hears a buzz of excitement.
18) 105) dialog: Baketamon is well aware of Horemheb's look and her eyes brighten with an answering fire. Taia plucks at her sleeve.
18) 106) dialog: This young man they call Sinuhe -- (CONTINUED)
18) 108) dialog: Note his features! Baketamon glances toward Sinuhe at the throne but then immediately looks toward Horemheb again.
18) 135) dialog: Again the Queen Mother is possessed with intense excite- mont, leaning forward, eyes glistening, again uncon- sciously seizing Baketamon's wrist. The latter looks at her, wondering what possesses her.
18) 163) dialog: Baketamon turns to Taia, her derisive expression altered only by a more derisive smile.
55) 14) dialog: Scene begins on a close shot of Sinuhe in the same attitu as the previous scene, that is prostrate on the floor. He has been bathed and dressed in fine linen. The floor, made of tiles, is decorated with gold and semiprecious stones.
55) 17) dialog: Egypt is ili. (chuckles) And I am Egypt, Sinuhe, in spite of thet puny son of mine who sits on the throne. Do you believe me? . (CONTINUED)
55) 20) dialog: You will be wise to do so. (then lightly) Drink ale with me. ° (to Nubian) Serve him, (to 2nd Nubian) Hand me my work. (to Sinuhe) Do you like my Nubians? Murderous fellows - I adore them -- (to both Nubians) Run away - but not too far - I may need you. As the Nubians, having done the Queen's bidding, go out - as Sinuhe wonders what he has gotten into -
55) 21) dialog: Sit with me, Sinuhe, I command you.
55) 22) text: Sinuhe sits down near her thinking that now at last some key to the mystery will be given him. But for a space Taia only weaves on her mat, and then -
55) 25) dialog: (lightly) Was I not born a bird-catcher's daughter? Tell me, Sinuhe, -- you said you were born in the same year as Akhnaton. In exactly what season of that year were you born and abandoned to the Nile in a little boat made of reeds and tied with kmots like these? (CONTINUED)
55) 30) dialog: (as 1f changing the sub- ject, but actually not) I will tell you about my own youth. I was only fourteen when I came to this Golden House - to a real Pharaoh. In his House of Women were three hundred wives ~- and I. The others despised me for my dusky skin and broad feet, but I kmew the way to charm Pharaoh -- don't laugh -- I had the beauty of a young body and knew how to use it.
55) 32) dialog: It was my resolve that no other wife should bear a son and bring him alive to Pharaoh until I had done so. reason Sinuhe's look is drawn to her fingers
55) 37) dialog: (pleasantly) Egypt is dying, Sinuhe. Egypt is dying because of Akhnaton, Do you not think that it is time that his skull were opened and the physician let his knife slip? The atmosphere between them is extremely tense. Sinuhe sweats. After a long pause he takes a stand,