65) 6) text: as he runs to Merit she stoops down putting her hands on his shoulder, distressed at what she sees. THOTH is dirty and bloody, but proud of his wounds. He is a fine-looking boy of about seven years of age, who also wears the Cross of Life sewn on his torn clothing.
65) 8) dialog: (proud) There was a fight at school. Some of the horns tried to rip off my cross}
66) 1) dialog: As Merit hurries the boy into scene through the gateway into courtyard -
66) 2) dialog: Who is he?
67) 1) dialog: as the latter two come through the gateway. The angle includes both the gateway and the doorway to the house Merit is very glad that she is so occupied with attending to Thoth and can avoid looking at Sinuhe.
67) 8) dialog: I'll show you, my lord} The lad runs into the house. Sinuhe throws her a pen~ etrating look, which flusters her, follows Thoth into the house. Merit looks after them with some agitation. Kaptah studies her with his gimlet eye.
68) 2) dialog: When I grow I will be a physician also. Sinuhe comes to the table. He recognizes the instruments as his own, and this recognition gives him not so much surprise now as a very deep pleasure. He fingers one of the instruments.
69) 0) text: She is waiting nervously, no doubt expecting comment from Sinuhe at finding his instruments. Tt does not help her to see that Kaptah is beginning to grin at her. She turns away from him, goes to the porch, prepares to make supper at the brazier, getting fish from a cooling jar to set to ry. ay ROOM IN HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS ~ SINUHE AND THOTH -
71) 3) dialog: (not flinching) Were you truly physician to Pharaoh?
75) 1) dialog: Sinuhe has stopped for a moment to listen to her.
77) 3) dialog: A portion of the temple grounds has been set aside for Sirmhe, where he treats the wounded injured in riots and the sick of the followers of the Cross. A queue of patients wait their turn to see him. He is attending to a WOMAN who carries in her arms a sick CHILD. The Woman wears the Cross of Life. Beside Simbhe, Thoth works as an "assistant" with great soberness. Between the lad and Simuhe a bond of affection is evident. To one side sits Kapteh, watching. That some time has elapsed is evident by a remarkable change which has taken place in Kaptah's appearance. He is sitting in e carrying chair, which rests on the ground, while slaves attend ready to pick up the chair and carry it away at their master's command. Kaptah wears rich clothes of the finest quality and a jeweled patch over his blind eye. He is watching the scene with amused disapproval. From an examination of the sick child Sinuhe looks at Thoth.
77) 160) dialog: He comes running toward them, wildly excited, gesticu- lating toward Akhnaton's temple. In his hand, like a dagger, he carries the Hittite spearhead.
77) 161) dialog: They are attacking the templel
77) 169) dialog: No}
77) 175) dialog: are being let in. Bars are thrown across the gate again. Sinuhe goes off in one direction, a definite destination in mind. Thoth runs off in another as Merit tries to stop him. Knocked off balance by someone who is running through -
81) 2) text: bring Merit, with Thoth, to Sinuhe and Kaptah. The butt of the arrow projectiong through the boy's chest tells part of the story; Merit's agony tells the rest. Kaptah plucks at Sinuhe's sleeve. Annoyed to be interrupted, Sinuhe turns, sees Merit with Thoth.
82) 1) dialog: Pinished with the wounded man, Sinuhe hurries to Thoth. Merit watches him with dull eyes as he stoops down to the boy - for she already knows what Sinuhe with a short examination discovers - that the boy has bled to death, He looks up at her with pleading eyes. She turns her back and walks away.