57) 2) dialog: Do you mind if I keep it?
57) 4) dialog: I’m not sure. But he might be working for someone who does. Anna’s face falls. Lee?
57) 6) dialog: If you think you can get her back in here, would you be willing to wear a wire? Anna thinks, torn. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: 120 In the back of the shop, Paul stands by as the FBI agent Solanas, who is joined by his partner AGENT DOYLE, showin him one of the Clara Blandick letters.
60) 1) dialog: Look familiar?
60) 3) dialog: (re: photo of Jack) What about this guy? Have you ever bought from him? Of course, Paul recognizes him. (CONTINUED)
60) 13) dialog: (rolling his eyes at Doyle) She fooled every dealer and authenticator in New York. She’s smarter than you, you idiot. Doyle looks contrite. AGENT SOLANAS (CONT’D) (to Paul) Do you think you could get her back in here?
60) 15) dialog: What about Jack Hock? Would you be willing to wear a wire? Paul considers.
71) 5) dialog: As a favor? You don’t accept a cut?
71) 15) dialog: Lee Israel? She takes off her headphones, confused. The patrons of th bar, as well as Craig all notice what’s going on. It take Lee a moment. AGENT SOLANAS (CONT’D) I’m agent Solanas and this is Agent Doyle. We’re here to deliver a subpoena to appear before a federal grand jury. He hands Lee an envelope. AGENT SOLANAS (CONT’D) Your appearance is scheduled for two weeks from today. You will find the address on the enclosed documents. You are forbidden to destroy any evidence pertinent to this case.
71) 17) dialog: We’ve intercepted your employee, Jack Hock. He is cooperating as are the dealers you did business with. (beat) Anything you’d like to say? Anything on your mind that you’d like to get off your chest? (CONTINUED)
71) 22) dialog: As you wish. (beat) Mr. Hock requests that you not try to reach him or telephone or harass him in any way. And by law you are forbidden to contact him regardless. Lee is stung. 144 INT. LEE’S APARTMENT - DAY 144 Frantic, Lee attacks her research with a scissors, throwi the pieces into different garbage bags. She rips papers a crumples up anything she can find. 145