74) 0) text: 147 Lee sits across from LLOYD, a handsome lawyer. She rubs h temples. Headache? Awful.
74) 1) dialog: 
74) 3) dialog: Can’t blame you. (reading papers) Looking at all this... it’s pretty bad. Now that said, can I say - those letters were pretty damned impressive. I especially enjoyed the Louise Brooks. (CONTINUED)
74) 8) dialog: I’m sure that’s not true. (beat) You fell on hard times. You had a sick cat. You couldn’t get a writing job and you didn’t mean for it to get out of hand, but then some jerk blackmails you and you panic. You never meant for it to continue, or to steal, but you had to pay him back or you’d go to jail. (beat) Depending on the judge, I think at worst you could conceivably get a year and change. Lee looks panicked. LLOYD (CONT’D) You’ll bring a book. (beat) Look, if you want me to represent you, you’re going to have to do a few things before appearing in court. Like what?
74) 10) dialog: Clean up your act. First, you’re getting a job. Any kind of job. And second, you’re enrolling in community service to show how penitent you are.
74) 12) dialog: Something with children? Jesus no.
74) 14) dialog: Animals, sick people. Whatever. You’re going to show that you have turned over a new leaf. (BEAT)
74) 20) dialog: Yeah. They probably all know. But right now, that’s the least of your worries. 148 INT. JULIUS’ BAR - DAY 148 In the mostly empty bar, dressed for court, Lee sits and drinks, somewhat a pariah. A few regulars whisper about h
76) 0) text: 149 Lee and Lloyd sit on a bench outside the courtroom. Lee i sweating in her heavy jacket as she anxiously rubs her ha against her thighs.
76) 1) dialog: We’re very lucky this is our judge. Very lucky. She doesn’t waste time with things like this. I have a good feeling. Try to breathe.
76) 3) dialog: (handing her a mint, annoyed) You smell like alcohol. She shrugs and takes the mint. 150
77) 0) text: 150 In a simple, nearly empty courtroom, Lee and Lloyd stand before the JUDGE. (CONTINUED)
77) 4) dialog: (continuing) She is seeking employment with Scholastic books as a copy editor, and has already put in over forty hours of community service at a cat shelter.
77) 9) dialog: 
77) 18) dialog: (quietly to Lee) This is a good thing. Very fair. But Lee is reeling. The weight of everything is finally settled on her, and it is heavy. (CONTINUED)