5) 4) dialog: Well, this is a surprise.
5) 6) dialog: You didn’t reply.
5) 8) dialog: Nice to see you too, Lee.
5) 10) dialog: This is why you’re here?
5) 12) dialog: Well, you’re here now. Try to enjoy yourself, Lee. Marjorie excuses herself.
6) 0) text: 11 Lee walks down the hall that’s decorated with framed photographs, book jackets, signed letters - it’s Marjorie professional Memory Lane. She glances up to assess TWO FRAMED BOOK JACKETS. One is KILLGALLEN, by Lee Israel and the other is MISS TALLULAH BANKHEAD also by Lee. Unhappy with their placement, she quickly swaps them out a couple of frames that are closer to her eye line. 12 INT. MARJORIE’S POWDER ROOM - EVENING 12 Lee is snooping in the cabinet and finds a drawer filled almost finished toilet paper rolls. A dozen of them at le Weird. She grabs the fullest one and drops it into her large bag She takes the bar of guest soap as well. 13 INT. MARJORIE’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 13 She snakes her way through the party and makes it to the front door just as Marjorie stops her.
6) 1) dialog: That was quick. Did you get properly fed?
6) 3) dialog: (condescendingly) Sure. We’ll see.
6) 5) dialog: (laughing to herself) Well, nobody needs a new biography on Fanny Brice, Lee. We may disagree on what is considered fascinating. She starts to walk away. MARJORIE (CONT’D) Good night Lee. (CONTINUED)
6) 10) dialog: 
6) 12) dialog: You went through my bathroom cabinets?
6) 14) dialog: So that guests can have a full roll.
6) 16) dialog: (to herself) You would know... At the coat check Lee points to a very sophisticated, lon wool coat.
20) 34) dialog: Lee - I’ve had too long a morning already for this.
20) 36) dialog: What is your point?
20) 38) dialog: Oh lord, Lee.
20) 40) dialog: (losing her cool) I can’t get you an advance like that, Lee. I just can’t. (CONTINUED)
20) 45) dialog: (calling to her assistant in the adjoining room) Toni, can you please close the door? Ms. Israel and I have some sensitive business to discuss. The door closes behind Lee.
20) 47) dialog: I’ll give you three reasons. Number one Tom Clancy’s famous.
20) 49) dialog: I can’t get an advance for you because nobody has ever heard of you- you’ve written some successful biographies, sure, and you disappeared behind your subjects, but that means nobody knows who you are!
20) 51) dialog: Number two - Tom Clancy goes on every radio show, on Larry King, to every book signing and he plays the game, he hobnobs. Meanwhile, you’ve burned every bridge I’ve made for you. You’re impossible to work with and everybody knows it.
20) 56) dialog: There’s nothing new and sexy about Fanny Brice. Nobody will give you a ten DOLLAR advance for a book about Fanny Brice! Lee is shocked, but also kind of impressed. She sits.
20) 58) dialog: I’ve known you a long time, Lee. It hurts me to have to say this all to you.
20) 60) dialog: The way I see it you have two optionseither you become a gets along with others. You put on a clean shirt, you stop drinking, you say “please” and “thank you”LEE Oh you’ve got to be fucking kidding meMARJORIE Which doesn’t seem like it’s going to happen. OR - you take the time to become a name that people know, and then maybe, maybe I will be able to get you paid again.
20) 62) dialog: Write your book. Something for you, in your voice.
20) 67) dialog: You’ve been saying you were going to do it for ten years.
20) 69) dialog: You can be an asshole if you’re famous. You can’t be unknown and be such a bitch, Lee. (then) Nobody is going to pay for the writer Lee Israel right now. So I suggest you find another way to make your living. Lee thinks about this. 44 INT. LEE’S APARTMENT - DAY 44 Lee sits in front of her typewriter. She stares at the bl page, contemplating. She types: “This is me sitting down fucking write”. And stops. She glances at the other Fanny Brice letter sitting nearby, taunting her. She picks up the Fanny Brice letter and compares the typeface. It matches. She zips the sheet from the typewriter and rolls the Fann Brice letter into it. She scrolls down and adds a P.S. P.S. I have a new Grandkid, and he got my old nose. Do I have to leave him an extra something for repairs? She smiles, and then heartily laughs to herself. It’s a g joke. 45