1) 183) dialog: So, Jim, I heard your guy is speaking with a phony accent. Does he keep that up all the time? He turns to Donovan and Assistant Attorney General Willia Tompkins.
1) 186) dialog: So, Jim, where are we at? I see here you, uh... He is leaning forward, peering through his glasses at a p on his desk. He takes a seat, as do Donovan and Tompkins.
1) 188) dialog: You wanna postpone --
1) 190) dialog: Jim. Is this serious?
1) 192) dialog: Is this serious?
1) 196) dialog: Jim, this man is a Soviet spy.
1) 198) dialog: C’mon counselor.
1) 200) dialog: Of course I salute you, we all salute you for taking on a thankless task. This man has to have due process, but let’s not kid each other. A knock at the door. He stands stand. JUDGE BYERS (CONT’D) He'll receive a capable defense and, god willing, he'll be convicted. C’mon, counselor, let’s not play games with this. 22. and heads for the door. Donovan and Tompkins JUDGE BYERS (CONT’D) Not in my courtroom. We have a date and we're going to trial. He opens the door and walks through it.
1) 261) dialog: Yeah, explain this to me? There was a warrant.
1) 268) dialog: The Department of Justice has its first allegiance to the United States. I don’t see how an alien, if he’s here illegally, how he suffered deprivation of rights. Rights as what? An American? Rights as what, counselor? In no uncertain terms: JUDGE BYERS (CONT’D) We are in a battle for civilization. This Russian spy came here to threaten our way of life. Now we have a courtroom of people waiting. Get out there, sit beside the Russian, and let’s get this over and done with. And your motion is denied. take their seats, Tompkins turns to the man next to him and glancing at Donovan, says:
1) 316) dialog: Denied. The jury is discharged, thank you all. I would like to add that if I were one of you I would have reached the same verdict. Sentencing will be on November fifteen.
1) 347) dialog: ‘Lo, Jim, just going out, got a couple minutes though. March of Dimes thing. Millie is active.
1) 351) dialog: Yeah well it’s that kind of case. I hope I wasn’t too scratchy during the trial but it’s exactly what you say: nothing about this is narrowly legal. There are bigger issues. He can’t quite get his tie right, rips it off. JUDGE BYERS (CONT’D) Bigger issues. He moves into the dining room, tries again with the tie i nother mirror. Millie enters with Donovan’s drink, hands to him and exits. The Judge
1) 353) dialog: Why? I’m not saying I’ve made up my mind but, if he was going to cooperate, work with the government, he’d have done it already.
1) 355) dialog: Excuse me. (a beat of silence to make clear that the floor is his, then moves into the next room to try at yet another mirror) You can't say it’s in the best interests of the United States that he spend the rest of his days in a prison cell. How is this the national interest. He looks at Donovan as if he’s an idiot. He sets the glas down and turns back to the mirror and his tie. (CONTINUED)
1) 359) dialog: Wow. That sounds like...spinning what-ifs. You could do that til the cows come home.
1) 361) dialog: Nice speech. Donovan clears his throat, and is controlled:
1) 363) dialog: All right counselor, I gotta run. Good seeing you, Jim. He walks past Millie, who is holding Donovan's hat, the stairs.
1) 371) dialog: The defendant will please rise. Abel and Donovan stand up. They are apprehensive. JUDGE BYERS (CONT’D) In the measured judgment of this Court the following sentence, based upon the jury’s verdict of guilty as to each count of the indictment, is believed to meet the test which has been stated. Pursuant to the verdict of guilty as to all counts, the defendant is committed to the custody of the Attorney General of the United States for imprisonment in a Federal institution to be selected by him, for a period of thirty years. He reaches for his gavel, bangs. JUDGE BYERS (CONT’D) Marshals, you may take the defendant into custody... The crowd is immediately alive, and unhappy. A hostile murmur. Abel looks at Donovan.
1) 377) dialog: Sit down! The crowd stands and erupts in shouted agreement with the man. The judge bangs his gavel again.