0) 3) dialog: Ok. Agartha...
0) 5) dialog: Funky...
0) 8) dialog: No, other side, Nick. A GEAR BELLY wipes frame - PULL BACK FAST, 70s style, focus and refocus, revealing Davis, looking a little older, but clean as grandmom's chittlins. He sits in a chair while the interview is set- Miles holds a RED TRUMPET, a small mic attached to the be IN THE ROOM - He noodles on the horn, intermittently play with the music during the conversation. (Throughout the interview the camera plays a modal phrase, its attention between Miles here and the Miles there in Japan). IN JAPAN - Miles straightens, looks out into the crowd; w see FANS grooving to the rhythm reflected in HIS SHADES. POV: a dark void, flashbulbs, shadows, a crowd of unseen fans. He starts to play again but stops - for the first t in thirty years not knowing what to say. We see the momen from multiple angles and angels. From high up, Miles look small. Miles looks to the wings, searching... for someone among those standing around, and beyond... a face he cannot fin REVERSE ANGLE - POV of Miles from an empty void in the wi CAMERA moves a little. Alive... TWO SHOT - Miles here and in Japan. Japan Miles is sittin over ‘79 Miles’ angel shoulder, but no longer playing in ear.
0) 9) dialog: So, Miles, I know it’s always “go forward, go forward”, but even if just for context we have to get into (explore) your earlier stuff and modal jazz's influence -
0) 11) dialog: Nope, I...
0) 13) dialog: Right. You refer to it as the music of the times....
0) 16) dialog: (going quickly through the checkpoints) So Be-bop, boom. Gil, the Nonet thing... Then let’s dig in a little bit... Kind of Blue, So What, modality, of course, binary compositions and how that applies to life, your life, women and art, the boxing -
0) 18) dialog: (to techy) We getting close?
0) 20) dialog: Cool. (to Miles) Ok, so I start; In seventy-five, one of the most prolific and influential artists in all of music, shockingly, stopped playing. Went silent, leaving the world -
0) 22) dialog: Well, what would you say, Miles? Framed as it is, it looks like ‘75 Miles is waiting to h the answer too. Long beat as Miles thinks, composing in h head. Miles puts his horn to his lips. BAM-BAM-BAM! - GUNSHOTS tear into the aural landscape TAK
0) 41) dialog: (on phone) Hello, is this Mi - Miles hangs it up, picks it up again and dials. While it rings on the other end, Miles runs his finger over some cocaine residue on the table, and brushes his upper gums.
0) 55) dialog: Mr. Davis. If you could just open the door for a moment... Miles doesn't find what he's looking for. A storm cloud f around him. Miles walks over to the phone, dials. On the other end, George Butler's secretary answers:
0) 72) dialog: Mr. Davis, hello. Really sorry to bother you but, I’m Dave Braden, Rolling Stone Magazine? Miles shuts the door - Dave sticks his foot in, preventin the door from closing. Miles' look - are you crazy?
0) 73) dialog: Waitaminute...I'm here to do your comeback story. Wrong word. Miles expression changes. He nods.
0) 75) dialog: What the - ? - recovers, fending Miles off. He blocks another punch - grabs hold of Miles shoving both of them into a crazy dos doe, and suddenly: Miles is OUTSIDE, barefoot, while Dave is INSIDE. Dave sl the door in Mile's face. INTERCUT: MILES OUTSIDE, DAVE INSIDE - Miles pounds on th door.
0) 77) dialog: Take it easy!
0) 79) dialog: (on hush, quick) Inside the master’s disheveled lair, the rumors now reality, jazz's Howard Hughes reviled and revealed -
0) 81) dialog: Alright. No more punching, man. Dave opens the door and Miles charges in, his hip aching, coming at Dave -
0) 83) dialog: Calm down, Mr. Davis, please. I'm -
0) 85) dialog: Shit, hold it... I... It's a job - 14 Dave trips back over a table, falls to the ground - as Mi arrives over him, and Dave blurts it out like a safe word
0) 86) dialog: Columbia! Your record company set it up! Miles stops -
0) 88) dialog: Yes. I’m just a writer, man. After a scary moment -
0) 90) dialog: Prick... The front door of the house opens - Miles peeks out ginge into the sun, then exits, now wearing a dope brocade robe silk scarf and sunglasses, looking around, paranoid -
0) 93) dialog: You mind?
0) 97) dialog: Yeah, I know how to... The car grumbles to life - ENGINE ROARS - the 5/4, 6/4 br kinetic freedom of "Splash" on the SOUNDTRACK, and they p away from the curb just as an MG with 2 people inside, JA 25, black, and DIETER, 50, white, pulls up right where th were. Dieter opens the door and stands. Janice hops out, to the front of the car, calls out.
0) 99) dialog: So, where're we going? No answer.
1) 1) dialog: Look, maybe we got off on the wrong foot. I just need to get a little background -
1) 3) dialog: Well, I could write some bullshit I got out of some...magazine. (MORE )
1) 6) dialog: That would be great.
1) 8) dialog: (beat) That's it?
1) 10) dialog: Great. Guess I'll fill in the blanks later.
2) 0) text: Dave parks in front of the Columbia Records Building. Mil snatches the keys out of the ignition, gets out. Dave isn moving -
2) 1) dialog: I'll wait down here.
3) 0) text: Miles storms in with disheveled Dave, breaking up the meeting. 17 Photos of Miles performing, and with George, populate the office. All eyes turn to the duo. GEORGE BUTLER, 48, blac soft-spoken style, stands up behind a large desk. In front of George’s desk, 2 WHITE EXECUTIVES, 40s, sit i chairs. In a 3rd chair off to the side is another white e well dressed and coiffed, KEN SCHWINN, 30.
3) 4) dialog: Hey -
3) 7) dialog: Ok, guys -
3) 11) dialog: Dave Braden. George is waiting impatiently -
3) 12) dialog: --- Rolling Stone Magazine. George buzzes his secretary -
3) 15) dialog: Um, I'm not sure Jann, himself, actually knows I'm here.
3) 17) dialog: Look, a source here at Columbia, not saying who, told me about Miles’ session and that you guys were probably already long lead planning for the whole, you know, comeback, promotional thing and - Dave peters out. It sits there like a log for a beat.
3) 20) dialog: Can I say something -
3) 49) dialog: Hold it, hold it...
4) 0) text: Dave pulls away. Harper watches, out of focus in the offi BG.
4) 1) dialog: Waitaminute, Mr. Butler! Listen, listen... (steps up close) I get you that tape, me and you can do some business? George starts to answer then stops himself. He gives Dave hard look but doesn't say "no." And in that space -
4) 2) dialog: Got it. Don’t say another word. (he turns to the receptionist) Stairs! The receptionist points. Dave flies off toward a door, knocking past a worker. Harper's made his way to the doorway, leans on the jamb -
7) 0) text: Dave surfing/tripping down the stairs, “completes” France fall but now in ‘79. Dave hits the landing hard.
7) 1) dialog: Ow. Shit - 26 He scrambles to his feet, continues limping, down the fli of stairs.
8) 0) text: Miles exits the elevator as Dave emerges from the stairwe trailing Miles through the lobby and eventually outside.
9) 0) text: Dave bolts from the building, gets to the car as Miles ge in, the Jag a little boxed in by parked cars -
9) 1) dialog: Hey, I got you, it's cool, I'll drive. Miles shuts his door. Dave talks through the closed windo
9) 2) dialog: Look, I should've told you what was up right off - Miles sticks the key in the ignition, cranks it but the ignition won’t turn over -
9) 3) dialog: Look, I understand where you're coming from with those guys up there - The car finally roars to life and Miles put it in reverse preparing to pull out. Dave rushes in front of the car, making his case through the windshield.
9) 4) dialog: - it's never enough, right! They just suck you dry and fuck you over!
9) 6) dialog: Listen, listen, listen, listen - Sidling up. 27
9) 7) dialog: - fuck the interview, okay? Let's get right. I know what you need, man. Let me get you right! Miles looks at him sideways, eases off the gas a bit.
9) 8) dialog: (mouthing big) I probably shouldn't shout this next part. Dave gambles, creeps around to the drivers side, motions Miles to crack his window --
9) 9) dialog: I know a guy, gets it like, whooo, from the root, it's good, not stepped on, we can go right now. Beat. They stare at each other. Then Miles gets out of th car. Dave steps back, makes space for this pissed off man with a gun.
9) 11) dialog: Yeah, I know. Miles crosses around the Jaguar, gets in the passenger se Daves looks in at him -
9) 12) dialog: So...? Dave gestures toward the driver's seat.
9) 16) dialog: Columbia.
9) 18) dialog: The other one, muthafucka. They drive off into traffic...
10) 0) text: Dave and Miles Drive up in the Jaguar right in front of a dorm building, in the red zone.
11) 1) dialog: (trust me) Really.
12) 0) text: Dave holds the dorm building door open for Miles.
12) 1) dialog: I did a story on this kid’s father. Big shot doctor who... crazy shit, doesn’t matter. Anyway, the rich little fucker's got the goods... Miles follows Dave -
13) 1) dialog: How much you holding?
13) 3) dialog: Alright, just follow my lead. 29 Miles scoffs. Dave knocks on a dorm room door. The only reaction to Dave’s knocking is the volume on the music go up. Is that the sound of fucking under the music? Dave raps harder. Miles’ got that look on - ‘shit better here or you’re dead.
13) 7) dialog: Justin, wait - Justin goes to close the door, but Dave leans in - stalem
13) 9) dialog: Aw, c’mon man, you knew what was up with that. You wanted to burn your old man and I helped. So what -
13) 12) dialog: (that’s right) Uh huh. Dave pushes the door open revealing Miles Davis to Justin Dave and and Miles enter.
14) 1) dialog: Let's do this quick. (off Tami) We don’t want to take up too much of your time.
14) 4) dialog: Hey, genius... Dave stares at him, waiting for the nickle to drop. Justi looks to Miles, back to Dave, gets it.
14) 7) dialog: Make it an ei--
14) 16) dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa, what?! Yeah, it’s $600 any other day I don’t come in here with him, right?!
14) 21) dialog: Forget this kid, Miles. He's a crook. You’re a crook, Justin.
14) 23) dialog: You've got to be joking - Dave goes over to Justin’s extensive record collection, a pulls out one classic Miles record after another, naming DAVE (CONT’D) Look at this... Birth of the Cool, Porgy and Bess, Sketches of Spain, Kind of Blue-- Jesus, you got a whole lifetime of this man’s stuff and you're shystering him -
14) 27) dialog: Of course you do.
14) 29) dialog: Man, you're still stupid... Dave picks up the albums.
14) 30) dialog: .--"give” him an eighth. Go get me a fucking pen. Dave hits the right note. Justin pricks up. This is gold. Dave glances at Miles who smiles slightly Dave's solo (Coltrane), both of them playing this kid now. Miles then turns, dead serious.
14) 32) dialog: Just do a couple, Miles...
14) 34) dialog: Right. Sorry. I was thinking... Forget it. That was stupid. Let’s go. Dave plops the records down. 34
14) 36) dialog: For the quarter, yeah?
19) 0) text: Miles and Dave pull up to the curb. Miles takes the stash coke and his gun out of the secret compartment, seems som effected by the Frances moment we've just witnessed. Mile hops out, pops his hip back in place as Dave arrives on t sidewalk next to him.
19) 1) dialog: Jesus... Miles holds his hand out to Dave.
19) 4) dialog: (beat) Cat- Are you serious?
19) 6) dialog: Yeah, sure — 38 Dave holds out his hand for the key but then they both co their heads to the door. (Miles Davis ?) Music on, people voices. Miles and Dave exchange a look, then Miles turns knob, pushes in.
20) 0) text: Miles is stunned. There's a party in full swing; FUNK MUS blasting on the stereo. 40 PEOPLE, black, white, shady, musicians, drug addicts, kind of people who party in your house when you're gone. Dieter, who got out of the cab earlier with Janice, is th first to spot Miles, pokes Janice, points. They work thei way over to get to Miles. Dave is waiting for Miles to blow up, as other guests gre him like a famous stranger in his own house. Janice, zoom a little, puts her arms around Miles -
20) 12) dialog: Let me help you, man... Dave helps Miles find the slide, constantly clocking the tape, it’s date, trying not to be obvious.
20) 18) dialog: Yeah, man. Back up! Dave playing bodyguard now as Miles locks the drawer with of the keys on his ring, Dave clocking it all. Miles scoo up Frances and turns to Janice.
20) 24) dialog: Want me to stay up here, keep an eye on things? Miles opens the basement door with his key.
21) 3) dialog: Okay. Cool... You record a lot down here?
21) 6) dialog: Man, she's beautiful. That look in her eye, that's something.
21) 8) dialog: Frances, right? Miles shoots Dave a quick look then both men's attention drawn to the door upstairs and the jiggling of the knob. Miles shakes his head, tears off a piece of staff paper covered in his scrawl of musical notes, rolls it up and snorts a line. Holds it out for Dave.
21) 9) dialog: I'm good. Miles shrugs - suit yourself, starts to put it to the sid
21) 10) dialog: Uh... 43 Dave reconsiders, reaches for it. Miles hands it over and Dave does a rail -
21) 11) dialog: Oh, man... Holy fuck, man. Fuck- fuck -
21) 13) dialog: Wow.
21) 15) dialog: I'm gonna need a drink, man, or a, or a Valium, or a Quaalude, or a brick... Miles chuckles at his jester, shares the laugh with Franc veiled in dope like lace, twinkling back at him. Miles reaches to the side, pulls a couple Heinekins out of a MI FRIDGE.
21) 16) dialog: Uh, I was thinking something a little stronger, you know. One of those drinks upstairs. You mind? Points up. Beat. Then Miles smirks.
21) 19) dialog: Cool. Good. Yeah. Dave exits with the “keys to the kingdom”. Miles looks at trumpet - it looks at him - he wanders over to the heavy starts jabbing it. POP-POP-POP - musically rhythmic - something stirs in him, eyes pass over Frances without looking at her, to the piano. 44
22) 0) text: Dave locks the basement door behind him, his gaze drawn t the reel to reel table and the drawer holding the tape.
22) 1) dialog: Dave Braden, you are so bloody good... He makes a beeline for the it. Arriving at the table Dave looks for something to conceal tape in, spies Miles' valise on a shelf next to the cabin papers brimming over - that’ll do. He tags the small key the ring and shoves it into the lock, opens the cabinet drawer - double checks the label on the tape, the date (PUSH) - Bingo.
22) 2) dialog: Hello... He pockets the keys - his wheels spin for a hot second, a defining moment: “Am I a thief, or am I a journalist...?”
22) 4) dialog: Hey.
22) 6) dialog: (a little pointed) Waltzed right in with the rest of the riff raff.
22) 8) dialog: No idea.
22) 10) dialog: I'm a writer, man. Kinda what we do. Walter walks up as Dave grabs a bottle of brown LIQUOR of nearby table.
22) 13) dialog: He was. He left.
22) 15) dialog: (indicating the room) It's his house. It ain't his party. People just...show up. Harper looks at Walter, chuckles, pointing to Dave, "get load of this asshole."
22) 16) dialog: (cops to it) Yeah, it's kinda fucked, huh? My understanding, happens a lot. Dave takes a pull on the bottle.
22) 18) dialog: It's not yours, the fuck you care? Insulted, Harper cocks his head at this creature who for strange reason wants to be abused now. Walter steps aroun oblige. Dave takes a slight step back.
22) 19) dialog: OK, relax... take it easy, man. Hey, you mind if I ask you a few questions?
22) 21) dialog: And he continues, undeterred by enmity and rancorous spite, fixed on his prize, his bow string, taut... Dave turns, and folds into the party.
23) 3) dialog: (ala Dieter) Miiiiiilllles DAAAVIIIS!
23) 6) dialog: Of course. I don't know what I was... Be right back. Dave happily starts to head back up.
23) 8) dialog: You sure? Miles' answer is his extended hand. Dave's gonna be here a minute.
23) 9) dialog: Okay. Miles takes the bottle, throws back a swig.
23) 10) dialog: So... that was beautiful, man. I didn't know you played piano. Miles takes another swig, goes back to playing the piano.
23) 12) dialog: Sounds good to me. (beat) So you studied piano too, huh?
23) 14) dialog: You're black? Miles chuckles. Dave smiles. They're starting to ease int it. Dave picks up boxing gloves, casually checks out the and tear, ponders their history.
23) 16) dialog: (off record cover) Yeah... She looks...very classy, you know. Refined Kinda mischievous too?
23) 20) dialog: So is it...fair to say that Miles turns to Dave, narrows his eyes.
23) 23) dialog: My turn what? Miles gestures; “Give it up.” Dave smiles.
23) 24) dialog: Oh, you want the Dave Braden story, huh? Okay... I was born in Scotland, grew up, wrote some shit, did some other stuff, then I came to your house. Miles smiles.
23) 26) dialog: (smirks ) You going senile?
24) 0) text: Dave standing near a car arguing with someone unseen.
24) 1) dialog: (beat) My wife's cock-sucker boyfriend - He turns, responding to a voice and gets sucker-punched, the pavement. RALPH, 35, a big ape, starts rummaging thro his pockets. DAVE (V.O. CONT’D) - thought it was his job to collect twenty-dollars and fifty cents of fucking alimony. Dave's POV: A beautiful woman, SUSIE, 32, in a parked car the curb, looking down at him. She mouths, "I love you... Ralph takes Dave's money and they drive off...
24) 3) dialog: Then I came to your house. 50 Dave does a small bow. Beat.
24) 5) dialog: Yeah.
24) 7) dialog: Yeah. Says it almost misty though.
24) 9) dialog: Yeah. Miles giggles, gets up from the piano.
24) 18) dialog: What? Miles shakes his head - nothing. He steps into his PUNCH
28) 0) text: Miles finally jerks the reel to reel cabinet drawer all t way open - tape is definitely not there - he rifles throu the debris around the machine - zip. Dave enters the spac sees Miles who whips around to him.
28) 2) dialog: Oh, man. Those assholes... Shit! 56
28) 4) dialog: That Harper guy from Columbia, and that kid were here.
28) 6) dialog: Yeah.
28) 8) dialog: I was blasted, man. Shit went right outta my head. Aw, man -— Miles goes to the phone and dials, muttering while it rin
28) 12) dialog: Wait... Village Vanguard. Junior's playing there tonight, right? Dave checks his watch.
28) 13) dialog: Maybe catch him at rehearsal?
29) 0) text: Miles and Dave enter, decked out like we first saw them a the top of the movie, drawing stares from the few setting for the show later, BARTENDER, MANAGER, BUSBOYS, etc...
35) 0) text: Junior/Quintet on stage Junior finishes his solo, killed rubs the back of his head, sits, looks up, remorse creepi in. Junior peers into the darkness - "Is that...?" Miles stares at him - extracting the truth. Junior realiz "Oh shit." Junior steps off the stage like he’s coming to over to ta then bolts, runnning through a SIDE DOOR. Miles and Dave give chase but Miles' is hobbling - he'll never catch Junior - he holds out the gun to Dave -
35) 1) dialog: No-no, we don't need that - Miles smashes the gun into Dave's hand.
36) 0) text: Junior hits the exit door but the thing won’t budge. When turns Dave is running up, inadvertently cornering this panicked kid with the gun, the busboy stacking boxes seek cover.
36) 1) dialog: Hey, take it easy!
36) 3) dialog: What? No, man, he just wants to talk - Not shooting? Great. Junior throws a crushing right hook, connecting with Dave's jaw- Dave stumbles backward - drop the gun - it goes skittering off. Junior hits him again - Dave smashes into stuff, recovers, lands two solid punche Junior, stunning the kid, pleasing himself. Junior return with a combo that lays Dave out. Junior picks up the gun, stands over Dave (like Miles sto over Dave with a gun at their initial meeting at the hous when Miles comes up behind Junior and puts cold steel to back of Junior's head - his mouthpiece. Junior stops cold
36) 5) dialog: Where the fuck's his music, man?
36) 12) dialog: Ha! Says the thief.
38) 0) text: Sketchy hood. Jaguar parked at the curb. Miles, Dave and Junior get out. Passing a couple drunks paper-bagging it, a TAGGER, hitting up Dali-esque Miles, prettying up the grime. Seminal Hip-Hop coming out of windows, or is that modern Jay-Z on the reel to reel? Miles, Dave and Junior enter the rundown building -
39) 0) text: They take the stairs. Junior puts his key in the door and opens it - enters the apartment with Miles and Dave. INT. JUNIOR'S APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS The place is a little ransacked. Hear CHERYL (2 year-old girl) crying in the bedroom. Junior quickly heads into th bedroom leaving Miles and Dave. Miles’ head cocks almost imperceptibly, an inexplicable s of familiarity; these threadbare surroundings, the cacoph of smells and sounds, the chili spaghetti on the stove - coagulated, somebody didn’t make it home for supper; one empty bowl of the stuff on the table, and a dirty highcha drawn with browning flung bits of it. And a cockroach scurrying across the light into darkness. 68 The crying kid, the conversation between Junior and Irene becoming a movement inside an unfolding composition - ON MILES, and on his POV of Junior in the doorway of his bedroom - talking to his wife, IRENE, 24. All we see are legs, sitting in a chair, comforting Cheryl in her lap.
39) 10) dialog: Where's my shit? Nice job.
39) 12) dialog: Yeah, that'll fix everything.
40) 12) dialog: Jesus... shouldn’t we...say something, man?
50) 0) text: Miles and Dave following Junior across the gangplank, ove the atrium. Dave looking none to sure. They enter the out office.
51) 0) text: Miles and Dave enter, Miles keeping Junior in front of hi cautiously looking about. 78
52) 8) dialog: Yeah, you and this kid's story. Tryin' to lump me in that shit. Miles continues to stare at Dave -
52) 9) dialog: What? Harper starts to laugh -
53) 0) text: Miles and Dave quickly move across the gangplank. Dave ch the gun into the atrium below.
55) 0) text: Reprise "Go Ahead John" on the SOUNDTRACK as it builds... Miles strides purposefully toward the Jaguar, Dave in lockstep.
55) 1) dialog: You're not saying you bought all that bullshit back there.
55) 3) dialog: Fuck... Alright, alright, but let me just say one thing; I never wanted the tape, okay? Just the story. I was trying to help.
55) 5) dialog: Okay, okay - Dave starts to pull out the keys, but before he does - Cl clink, glass bottle. Miles and Dave turn as Walter tries hug the shadow, but knows he’s been clocked -
55) 8) dialog: Let’s go, man. 82 Dave runs to the Jaguar, unlocks the door and hurriedly j in. He reaches over, pops the lock.
55) 9) dialog: Come on! Miles slowly walks backwards toward the car, pointing his in Walter’s direction, pops off a shot next to his head, Walter drops left, taking cover behind some cars.
55) 10) dialog: (trying to start the car -— to Miles) The fuck, come on! Dave is frantically pumping the gas, torquing on the ignition. Miles jumps in the car.
55) 12) dialog: I'm doing it! Walter runs back, jumps into a black TOWNCAR at the curb, guns it. The Jaguar roars to life as Dave finally gets going and b rubber out of there.
55) 15) dialog: I tossed it!
55) 17) dialog: 
55) 20) dialog: Fuuuuuck me! Walter's car falls back, Miles leans way out the passenge window, pops off a couple more. Walter drops further back evading -
55) 21) dialog: What the fuck! Get back in the car, Miles!
55) 23) dialog: (Go! Go! Miles! Miles!...etc.) But Miles, “elsewhere”, can’t hear Dave...PUSHING IN ON MILES, watching what is clearly now staff paper flutterin down all around them, and Miles “composing” ---
55) 25) dialog: 
55) 27) text: 84 Miles and Dave scramble out of the car as the Towncar bea down on them. Miles clutches his valise, shooting at the oncoming car - Walter swerves. Dave and Miles head into a ALLEY... The Towncar screeches to a stop near the Jaguar. Walter j out, gun drawn -
56) 0) text: Miles trips, drops the briefcase, the tape and staff pape spill out. The tape in the can rolls away - Miles tries t for it, Dave drags him to safety behind a dumpster, Miles grasping helplessly at the air, at the papers flying away THEIR POVS behind the dumpster (Miles struggling to break free of Dave) - Walter snatches up the tape and the valis
56) 2) dialog: (holding Miles back) Forget about it -
57) 4) dialog: Your hip, man. Shouldn’t I - Miles ignores him, starts up the car. Dave climbs in the passenger set. Miles races from the scene in the same direction as Walter.
57) 6) dialog: Jesus, just go make some more shit up! You're Miles fucking Davis!
57) 8) dialog: Listen, Miles, that’s it. You’re on your own. This is mad. Miles snatches a coat from the back seat -
57) 9) dialog: I’m not dying for this music cuz that’s what’s going to happen if you go in there. You hear me? He's gonna kill you. Miles pulls the coat on as he gets out of the car, when h leg hits the ground, a sharp pain shoots up his leg. 86
65) 7) dialog: Miles!! Everyone turns seeing Dave running at breakneck speed, carrying a stand-up ashtray, two security guards on his a He smashes his elbow into a FIRE ALARM box, setting it of Miles takes the opportunity of the distraction to sucker punch Harper. Harper rocks back, falling into Walter, Jun knocking them back into others, one RUBBERNECKING DUDE no too happy about it, pushes them back. Harper screams, enraged, dives on top of Miles and they tumble down the stairs. 92 Walter elbows Rubbernecking Dude off of him to go help Harper, kicking that tangential beef off. Here we go... Miles and Harper roll around trading messy blows. Miles reaches into his waistband pulling out his empty .38. Fuc Walter sees it, raises his piece to shoot Miles but Junio sucker-punches Walter from behind and his gun goes off, hitting Harper. Holy shit. Harper falls spins as he falls over off Miles, looking back at Walter, disbelieving.
66) 0) text: Miles, Dave and Junior burst out the door into the hallwa moving fast, Miles clutching his tape like a father reuni with his lost child. In a surreal moment, '79 Miles passes '64 Miles chasing a Frances, running in the opposite direction... he looks ba '64 Miles isn't there, swallowed up by the crowd... Miles, Dave, and Junior fling open the side door into the night -
68) 0) text: The three jump into the Jaguar and Dave fishtails away fr the curb.
68) 3) dialog: No, man, we're good, we're good.
68) 5) dialog: We're good. Beat. Then they start to out-gas, relieved laughter, oblivious to Miles' state in the back.
68) 7) dialog: Holy shit... Miles remains quiet. They finally tune into him.
68) 9) dialog: Yeah, yeah...
69) 1) dialog: I'll go find some...gauze, something-—
70) 0) text: Dave goes through the sink cabinet looking for supplies, stops, hearing the indecipherable sounds emanating from t other room. 95
71) 0) text: Dave returns with the stuff finding Miles sitting at his station, full concentration, Junior behind him. Dave sidl in next to Junior. They listen, waiting to hear something resembling music. But it's just disorganized noise so far conversations about music, stops and starts, flirtations concepts but nothing concrete. Dave looks at Junior - "Am I missing something?" Junior's look - "Give it a minute." Miles fast forwards the tape but even at it's sped up tem we can tell he's not running over music. He hits stop. Pl Listens. It's more of the same.
71) 1) dialog: When do you come in?
71) 3) dialog: I don't hear any-
71) 7) dialog: Yeah. It's just like... some practice, right? Their "help", neither solicited nor appreciated, has the opposite effect. Miles looks at his horn, nods gravely an lays it down. There's a long uncomfortable silence as Mil starts to walk away. Junior gently puts his hand on his shoulder.
71) 10) dialog: This is not... are you kidding me? Miles clicks on the TV. Focuses on the fight playing ther Dave nods, laughs a long hollow, “How’d I not see this coming,” laugh.
71) 11) dialog: (quietly to himself) What was I thinking?
71) 12) text: (to Miles) Going back in your hole, huh? Guess I should've expected that. It’s a good thing I came prepared. You mind? 97 Dave pulls out his camera. Snaps a shot. Miles squints, finally looks back at him.
71) 13) dialog: I gotta hunker down too. Got work to do. See, I'm coming out with the fuckin' story, you better believe that. Forget about the comeback piece. It’s dirt time. And I’m coming with it. Dave gestures sprinkling dirt on his grave. Miles swigs a Dave rolls on.
71) 14) dialog: Rolling Stone passes, so what? Have any idea how many people'll want to buy what I got? You may be a fucking quitter, but you're still an earner, baby. He pops off a shot and Miles chucks the bottle at his hea Dave ducks it quick, guffaws. He pops another picture.
71) 15) dialog: That's it! But remember, you're Miles Davis! Don’t be repetitive. Switch it up a little bit. I mean, you already did the self-pitying, junkie, jazz burnout, asshole thing, right? Realizing it’s all falling on deaf ears -
71) 16) dialog: 
71) 30) dialog: So, that’s really in there, huh? Miles peeks at Dave a sec, “guess so...” POV from the staircase, someone or something watches the working out. Frances? We hold on the tableau from this vantage point for a beat. Junior nods, plays another chord, Miles blows too, ragged edges ever so slowly smoothing out. Dave walks up to the piano, grabs a pencil from the stand takes a sheet from the pile of staff paper, flips it over starts feverishly writing the story. Stay here until too becomes.
71) 36) dialog: So what should we tell the folks, that Miles Davis has mellowed with age or that folks are just now listening to what he's been saying or -
71) 38) dialog: You like that, huh? The mystery...
71) 40) dialog: Yeah. Dig it. That was a better answer. I was really drawn in. Beautiful playing, Miles.
71) 42) dialog: I'll say. Great. And is there a way that you can put what you just played into words?" Miles shakes his head, chuckles, rises, puts his trumpet stand, picks up the valise stuffed with staff paper, the record SMPWC tucked in behind the tape cannister, and wal off camera.
71) 44) dialog: Hey, are you coming back?! Black.