5) 0) text: Miles sits back against the rail - what these muthufuckas just made him do. His hip now. Dull persistent ache. Can' escape himself - his music: the be-bop, uptempo "Tempus Fugit" mocks him from the speakers as a collage of Columb covers/artists silently study him. Chief among them is Frances, again - on the cover of "Someday My Prince Will Come". He wants to look at her, but doesn't, won't...but she's looking at him. Miles pushes at the back wall of th elevator and it rolls back on casters opening onto -
6) 7) dialog: I know. - Frances Taylor. Miles pulls out the $20, writes his details on it, holds out.
6) 10) dialog: (soft, smoky) Come watch me dance, Miles. 25 INT. NYC THEATRE/GRAND THEATRE — DAY Miles steps into the shadows of the wings, smoking a cigarette, digging the PORGY AND BESS rehearsal; for him all about the lead dancer: Frances. Standing by Miles is his close friend and arranger, GIL EVANS, 40s - white, rail thin, a natty argyle style, contrasting Miles' finely tailored Italian suit. Frances is playing Bess - lusty, steamy in her moves. She inspires Miles, she seems to be looking right at him, dan just for him - it's all over his face, he's falling in lo His inspired eyes drift to the TRIO; he ZOOMS IN ON the p keys, the ways the musician moves, collecting, co-opting and then back to FRANCES, the key to it all -- dancing a pas-de-deux with the chiseled, handsome LEAD DANCER; Mile clouds over. Fran stops the music with a wave of her hand.
6) 11) dialog: Hang on. Let’s do that last section again. From the diminuendo?
15) 0) text: Miles and Frances enter frame arm in arm in the cavernous main room of the dilapidated church. Dusty pews and scary judgemental angels, sun shines through the stained glass windows. Flamenco Sketches plays. Frances scans the room then slowly strides away from Mile down the center aisle, hands lightly touching the pews. A she passes, pirouetting, the ROOM CHANGES, darkness becom light (This effect will be achieved with a series of PHOT from a "locked off" camera position as the room is dresse ala City of God). The final PHOTO; Frances reaches the end of the room and turns back to face Miles. The scene comes to life, the sp transformed, an elegant stairway as its centerpiece, lead straight up to heaven. They both bound up the stairs into the bedroom.
16) 0) text: Miles and Frances make love. Deep, passionate...
17) 0) text: Frances and Miles lay on the bed having a lively conversation, laughing, sipping champagne. Frances is beautiful and Miles drinks her in...
17) 1) dialog: ...so, it's the same...
17) 3) dialog: Yes. She floats her hand in the air. Miles reaches his up to m it. She holds her hand in a half finished flourish - 36
17) 4) dialog: You know what I mean? When it's right there...and you hold it...and you don't breathe, and they don't breathe, and you're holding them...and then -
17) 6) dialog: We fly... ..-Miles' visage slowly changes from rapt by her to rapt something else. As Miles watches, HER VOICE FADES out - we see he's in lo with her not only entirely, but it's every piece of Franc that he adores; hands, her legs, hair, eyes, etc. Miles focuses on each part, breaking her down, Picasso- esque...deconstructing Chopin -- WE NOW HEAR disparate notes, a chord, then another in the progression; half a tone up, birthing a composition based the nine note scale that bookends the composition, Gone, the sound-track to Frances’ dance. Fran spins, laughs, PU IN. Miles eyes narrow as he focuses on what's forming in mind. Fran spins, closes her eyes, given over to the rapture sh feels. When she opens them, Miles is gone. Fran smiles to herself, slightly high, knowing where he’s headed and tha she’s the elixir he drinks to create. She heads out the d seeing Miles at the bottom of the stairs - calls -
17) 7) dialog: Sweetheart... Her voice faint, the chords on the SOUNDTRACK in control Miles keeps moving.
19) 0) text: Miles and Dave pull up to the curb. Miles takes the stash coke and his gun out of the secret compartment, seems som effected by the Frances moment we've just witnessed. Mile hops out, pops his hip back in place as Dave arrives on t sidewalk next to him.
27) 2) dialog: Hey.
27) 4) dialog: Honey, it's 6:30 in the morning here. I just woke -
27) 6) dialog: Guess what, baby. We're a royal hit! We got extended. Three more weeks.
27) 8) dialog: (beat) Honey, did you hear what I just said -- I can't.
27) 11) dialog: Baby... The TWO HOT GIRLS we met at the recording studio are nake bed stifling giggles, silently gesturing Miles to join th A Polaroid camera with a bunch of Polaroid photos of the three of them in various combinations, fucking, are strew about.
27) 13) dialog: What?
27) 15) dialog: I’m sorry, can you hold on a second, baby? 55 Frances takes the receiver away from her ear, covers the mouthpiece. Beat. Then puts the phone back to her ear and just listens. On the other end of the line Miles’ agitation starts to slowly mount.
27) 17) dialog: I’m back.
27) 19) dialog: I'll... work it out with my understudy... he scans his surroundings but no there’s no Miles. Dave thinks about the night, smiles to himself, grabs some ledger paper of the piano, starts furiously composing his thoughts, flowing, getting some good shit down. But then, CRASH. Upstairs Miles is cursing, thrashing abo in a panic...
30) 0) text: ON STAGE: Miles with his quintet - "Blue in Green (3:28)" Miles blows through his solo, meditative, focused. The so sounds like an apology for an argument gone unheard. We l this great music play. Others are present but Frances is about the only thing we clearly see - shimmering, illuminated, sipping a martini, silently accepting his musical mea culpa. The rest of the falls off into near darkness, a cigarette tip here, the g of a glass there, smoke throughout the room... Miles finishes his solo and Bill Evans comes in to tie a on it. Miles takes off the mute, puts his trumpet on the stand, strolls off stage, lights a cig. The audience cheers and he and Frances lock eyes for the briefest of beats, when a blonde beauty, looks rich, ERIC 34, steps into his line of vision, blocking Frances.
33) 1) dialog: ...Do you have any Goddamn Listen lady, you better watch worldly idea what you've your - done?! I said, let him out of that cell! That's Miles Davis in there. Miles. Davis. You dumb cracker, mutha - Miles rubbernecks, through the bars and down the corridor sees a sliver of his muse, love, savior, on a tear, at wa for him - he laughs, yeah, baby -
33) 2) dialog: Better watch my what?! You gonna beat me too, you son-of-a - bitch!?
33) 4) dialog: We're gonna sue the shit out of all you racist sons of bitches. Tell ‘em, Harold - 63
34) 0) text: Miles sits in the tub staring at the water. White candles adorn the room, flickering light, (*sounds of Chopin fill house), wine, the mood set. The door opens and Frances co in wearing a robe. She drops it to the floor; Whoa. Franc slides into the tub behind Miles. She wets the soap and starts washing him, gently, lovingly, his wounds, the dri blood. Miles closes his eyes, surrendering to it. She whispers in his ear, sexy, close...
34) 1) dialog: It’s ok. I got you. Long beat.
34) 3) dialog: What?
34) 5) dialog: (disbelief - check) You want me to quit West Side.
34) 8) dialog: Sacrifice. She looks at him askance, giving him a moment to take it back; yet knowing he meant exactly what he said. She lets a little laugh, calling his crazy-town and raising him a crazy-town — 64
34) 9) dialog: Yes, baby. Love is sacrifice. Let's do this: I'll hang up my dancing shoes, you hock your horns, we'll move to Rome and open a little Trattoria. Just the two of us. Yes. I like that. - hoping he'll fold. Miles is a statue. She leans into hi eyes closed for a beat, then gets out of the tub. Frances slips on her robe, disappears into the darkened bedroom beyond. Miles left behind in the tub, vulnerable, exposed, unanswered. CLOSE UP: The look on Miles' face slowly changes - a glow coming on.
42) 0) text: Miles heads DOWNSTAIRS, eyes dilated, trying to focus. Frances is on the phone, a little miffed, a little drunk, and looking at decorating swatches, to further gild her c
42) 1) dialog: Listen, listen, this is way too complicated. Just tell everybody to meet at Diahann's and I'll teach one big class, okay.
43) 3) dialog: Who is this?! No, he is not! Who the hell is this calling my house?! (Etc. ) Miles, frustrated, grabs the phone. Dialogue overlaps:
43) 6) dialog: Hi Miles?!
43) 9) dialog: Who are you talking to?!
44) 0) text: Frances is railing at Peggy when Miles storms in. She's drinking - near empty bottle of wine, a glass next to her and a broken glass on the floor.
44) 1) dialog: Listen to me, you bitch, don't ever call here again - Miles snatches the phone from her, hangs up.
44) 3) dialog: Why am I -
44) 5) dialog: This is my house, Miles! My house! Don't have them call my fucking house!
44) 7) dialog: It’s too much, Miles. It’s too much. 74
44) 9) dialog: My, God... Oh, my God... Did you just say that to me...?! Frances starts pacing like a caged tiger, then stops and turns to face Miles.
44) 10) dialog: I make your life beautiful, Miles. I take care of you, feed you, lie down in that...fucking bed next to you and -- You're my husband! You're with me. I gave up everything for you. I stopped, dancing, for Godssake. And you haven't sacrificed anything. Nothing. I deserve better than this! His face gives away nothing. She will crack that fucking cool. She picks up knick knacks and starts throwing them dangerously close to his head. Deliberate.
44) 11) dialog: Fraud. Phony. Asshole. Liar. Miles barley sidesteps each piece.
44) 13) dialog: I'm amazing. She does a slow turn so he can see.
44) 14) dialog: And your friends, your so-called friends, let me know it all the time - A flash in his eye (she's lying) turns to contained rage (she's not lying), she sees it, knows him, digs deeper -
44) 15) dialog: - wanted me so bad -
44) 17) dialog: They come knocking when you're not around, whispering sweet to me, telling me how much better they would treat me than you-
44) 19) dialog: It doesn't matter who! I'm not you, Miles. And what do I get -- "Hey, baby, it's one of your whores. When am I going to see you again?" A beat. Miles could apologize...if he could.
46) 0) text: Heavy breathing from both of them, Frances stands over Mi as he grits his teeth to stand - can’t quite manage yet, hip again, throbbing. Frances doesn't offer to help. Is t a smile? Long pause as Miles stands, extricates himself from the rubble, straightens his clothes, hair. He turns, goes... An ashtray whizzes by his head and smashes into the wall. Miles just keeps walking. Frances puts her face in her hands and weeps.
48) 0) text: An empty bottle of wine and a glass on the night table. Frances wakes in bed from a nap, surrounded by presents. Emerald ring, sapphire bracelet, mink coat, clothes... Miles is peeking around the circular wall quietly watchin her... She spots Miles and when she turns further, he sees her b eye, it jolts him.
48) 3) dialog: You don't like to dance.
61) 4) dialog: What? 88 Miles looks inside the room, the shower curtain. Frances knows this dance.
61) 6) dialog: Miles- He grabs her arm. Shit... here we go.
62) 2) dialog: Let go of me, Miles, goddamnit! She fights him, scared to, scared not to. Miles almost ca hear her, inside steeling himself for the rival he's goin kill before he kills Frances. And on a bad leg too? Fuck!
62) 4) dialog: There's nobody here, Miles.
62) 6) dialog: Miles-
62) 9) dialog: Miles!
64) 3) dialog: Miles, Miles! Oh, my God, he's over there, Miles!
64) 5) dialog: Down there, down there, he went down there! She points to the basement door. Miles spins his head in direction, drags Frances with him, but she digs in her he knowing what we fear; you go down those steps you might n come back up. Time for crazy-town.
64) 6) dialog: No! NO...! Miles, you go get him! I'm too scared! Please. He's a monster! Said he'd kill me if I didn't leave you. The gears collide in Miles brain, teeth chipping off, but his insane state, it works. He re-calibrates.
64) 8) dialog: Ok, Miles...okay...
66) 0) text: Miles, Dave and Junior burst out the door into the hallwa moving fast, Miles clutching his tape like a father reuni with his lost child. In a surreal moment, '79 Miles passes '64 Miles chasing a Frances, running in the opposite direction... he looks ba '64 Miles isn't there, swallowed up by the crowd... Miles, Dave, and Junior fling open the side door into the night -
67) 0) text: Frances bursts through the front door and into the New Yo night, Gone, Gone, Gone... Miles hobbles back up the stairs, screams for all he's wo
68) 11) dialog: Hello? 94
68) 13) dialog: I'm not coming back. Long beat. Miles breathing.
68) 15) dialog: I know you do. Goodbye, Miles. Click. Dial tone.