3) 39) dialog: Oh, man. Check that motherfucker, Mr. Davis. I love that. Miles swings around, business end gun not exactly pointed Harper, but close enough - Walter reaches like he might h a piece too, but Harper stops him -
3) 40) dialog: (nice) Hey, hey... be nice... Walter relaxes. Harper reaches out to shake Miles' hand. 21
3) 41) dialog: Harper Hamilton... Miles and Harper eye to eye. Game recognizing Game.
3) 42) dialog: What an honor, sir. If I may, I'ma producer, working with this kid - He points to Junior.
3) 43) dialog: That's Junior... Miles looks sideways at the kid, Junior’s gaze, semi-defi looking back, trying to be cool. Harper cocks his head, nonchalantly plays air trumpet -
3) 44) dialog: Scary. He’s playing a late set at the Vanguard tomorrow night. Love it if you’d be my honored guest...label mate. (drops the bomb, gesturing to George) We’re working out a deal here, too. Miles looks at George. Judas. George shrugs, "What do you want from me? It's business." Miles shakes his head, just been replaced. Harper goes on.
3) 45) dialog: You're a fight fan, right? Harper reaches back toward Walter, snaps - Walter puts tw passes in his hand.
3) 46) dialog: I got a boxer on the card at the Cathedral tomorrow night. Maybe you'd like to check that out too, we can talk a little shop... Harper holds out the passes to Miles. Beat. We hear Dave' tape recorder CLICK off in his pocket and all eyes turn t him. Miles sticks out his hand. Dave sheepishly reaches i his pocket and turns the tape recorder over to Miles.
4) 0) text: Dave pulls away. Harper watches, out of focus in the offi BG.
4) 4) dialog: Man. What a waste. He's probably more profitable dead than alive now, huh? George out of focus in the foreground. 11 23
20) 27) dialog: Yes, you did. Kudos to your sources.
20) 29) dialog: You don't need to know - I know. You just do your thing.
20) 31) dialog: You know who John Coltrane was before he was John Coltrane? A bar walker. He literally walked across the bar playing his horn, people throwing nickels at him. Then Miles hears him play - (Harper mimes a plane taking off) Whoosh...! “John Coltrane”. You think you're worse than a bar walker? Trust me. We'll find a little corner, you'll play and that'll be it.
20) 33) dialog: Junior, stop playing with your pussy, alright! This is 'take a shot' time.
22) 3) dialog: Rolling Stone... Dave casually drops the valise and hip closes the cabinet drawer (but it sticks and doesn’t close all the way) as h turns to find Harper pushing through people to get over t him, Junior trailing.
22) 5) dialog: How'd you weasel your way back in?
22) 7) dialog: Lucky you. Where's Miles?
22) 9) dialog: So what are you doing here? 45
22) 12) dialog: I heard that too.
22) 14) dialog: Left his own party.
22) 17) dialog: Help yourself. He takes another swig.
22) 23) dialog: This is what I'm talking about, kid. Don't let this be your future, okay - bunch of degenerates partying in your house and you ain't even home.
22) 25) dialog: Walter, go get the car. Junior touches the machine with reverence, then happens t peek down into the exposed drawer below. His eyes widen.
22) 27) dialog: (to himself) Fucking Rolling Stone...
40) 1) dialog: Junior.
40) 4) dialog: You didn’t deliver the tape last night, Junior.
40) 6) dialog: (chuckles ) Oh, held up? Held up. Oh, okay, then everything’s fine. Junior exchanges money for the drugs but before he can po them, Miles grabs his arm. Junior grabs Miles' hand like he'll tear it off - that's his life's blood in that rubbe 71
40) 8) dialog: My mistake. See you later, barwalker.
40) 10) dialog: (beat. He chortles) Come and get it. Hangs up.
51) 2) dialog: Walter, you are dumb but at least you're pretty. I love taking your action... Miles pushes Junior into -
52) 0) text: The place is the low rent version of Miles' home recordin studio. Photos of Harper with music stars, fighters, movi stars, framed on the wall. Miles’ tape in the valise is o the console behind Harper’s desk. Walter sits in a chair. "Go Ahead John" plays on the radio, Miles Davis Marathon. Before Walter can react Miles has his gun pointed 6 inche from his head. Everyone knows the score. Harper, dressed the nines, looks at Junior, the turncoat.
52) 3) dialog: Easy... - holds his coat open, shows he's not armed. Miles spots valise and tape. Moves toward them, gun trained on Harper Harper sits on the edge of his desk, bemused.
52) 4) dialog: This is great. (points at Junior and Dave) Junkie and the flunky. 79
52) 6) dialog: Love them. Miles snatches his valise - makes sure it's all in there
52) 7) dialog: So, guess you're not gettin' 'em either, huh, Rolling Stone? Miles pauses, checks Dave, second time he's been called o Dave scoffs.
52) 10) dialog: Damn. This is your boy? Ha! Yeah, you go ahead and take that tape.
52) 12) dialog: And that's the second time you pointed a gun at me, you know?
52) 14) dialog: Right. I almost forgot - you used to be a musician.
52) 17) dialog: (shrugs ) I'm an enterprising young man. I got options. Miles and Dave back out of the room, Junior starts to go them -
52) 18) dialog: ...the fuck you think you’re Where the fuck are you going going? Junior stops in his tracks, sonned by both of men.
52) 19) dialog: See you ‘round, Miles. Miles eyes Junior as he goes, “You brought this shit on yourself.” No denying that. Miles shuts the door behind t
54) 2) dialog: (little heartbroken) Man, I really don't ever want to see that motherfucker again. He goes into his desk, tosses Walter another burner.
54) 3) dialog: Go bring me back that goddamned tape. Walter gives him the briefest of looks, nods, checks the 81
54) 4) dialog: Let’s go, Junior. Junior obeys, Harper handling him roughly, pushing him ou side door. Walter books it out the other direction.
57) 1) text: 85 Harper reaches back toward Walter, snaps - Walter puts tw fight passes in his hand - holding out the passes to Mile
57) 2) dialog: I got a boxer on the card at the Cathedral tomorrow night...
60) 0) text: "So What" '64 (Miles in Berlin) on the TRACK. Inside The Cathedral, smoky, shadowy, a well worn boxing ring ploppe the center, bleachers surround, a couple hundred people i here...maybe. It’s hard to tell. Not well lit except for ring. In the seats we only ever see small groupings. Folks flow in and out of the aisle, getting beers, but mo hurrying back to see the fight; A BLACK AND WHITE MAN in ring, middle weights, scrappy, not scared to mix it up. R 3, you can see it on the card the girl carries as she cli out of the ring, Ding- Ding... Miles looks left, right. POV back from wide; nobody. Mile looks to the left. Harper up there, Junior next to him. H ducks back into the shadows. Whoosh-whoosh-whoosh in his as he studies his prey. And in an instant Miles doubles o and throws up in a nearby WASTEBASKET.
63) 0) text: Miles straightens up, moves into the room, cutting throug the people, headed in Harper’s direction. He cuts back against the grain, calculating a pursuit angle on the fly that he can... what?! "So What" '64 on the TRACK. In the aisle of the bleachers Walter leans across Junior, speaks quietly to Harper. Har covers but he's seething. Junior, wedged between the men, looks sick to his stomach at the news he’s hearing.
63) 1) dialog: So now I gotta worry about this son of a bitch showing up again or going to the cops?
63) 4) dialog: (low) Don’t fucking count on it... You can say that again. Through the people, Miles stares Harper, stalks.
65) 0) text: ANGLE: Harper quietly, intensely digging into Walter's as
65) 1) dialog: Take this tape to the safe, sit there and don't move 'til I - Harper stops mid-sentence seeing Miles coming. Junior sit taller, “WIF?” Walter follows Harper's gaze, peeps Miles, reaches inside his coat.
65) 2) dialog: Hey - 91 But the big man springs up - this is his life right now, a job. He steps past Junior, jerking him aside as he does All Harper can do is stand too.
65) 3) dialog: (to Walter) Easy -
65) 5) dialog: Not in his fucking hand, take it easy... Miles hasn't dropped a step, lasered in on Harper. SEEN FROM ACROSS THE RING, through the boxers wiping fram it looks like nothing special; people moving to their sea But hold on - THROUGH the boxers wiping frame... PICTURE BLURS...is that MILES and the QUINTET in the distance ON STAGE killing "So What" '64 ?...maybe for a second, as th PAN CONTINUES until we see we are in the CATHEDRAL...stil THE RING, the boxers are going at it, good fight (white h keeps dropping that left when he throws that right hook though... uh-oh)... Miles stomps up the steps, each one a knife in his hip, f feeding fire. He sees the valise near Harper’s feet, Walt gun in his hand. Miles raises his arms ala’ Harper, “I’m armed.” Harper sighs.
65) 6) dialog: You don’t know what the word “lose” means, do you, Miles? Then a distant voice pierces through.