20) 28) dialog: I don't know about this, man.
20) 30) dialog: We're just gonna walk right up on him in the middle of a party? Harper puts an arm around Junior.
20) 32) dialog: (wary ) Yeah, he didn’t look too much like he wanted to -
20) 34) dialog: (low, looking away) Fuck you, Harper... Harper smiles. Junior is just like he likes him; edgy. Re to blow. 42
22) 24) dialog: Yeah... When Harper looks up, Dave's gone. Junior is drawn to the reel to reel machine, intrigued by what incredible music might have spun through these wheels.
22) 26) dialog: Whoa... Harper clocks Junior, walks over and has a peek for himse A Cheshire cat grin spreads over Harper's lips.
29) 8) dialog: Uh huh -
29) 11) dialog: D - double flat --
29) 15) dialog: B flat - Junior blows a bright clear solo, then takes over the son suddenly blasting the punch-line to the joke - quotes the musical phrase, "Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better", to loudly, non-musically, and they all lose it, cracking up ECU - Miles' hand, fingers, they start to twitch almost imperceptibly but it's there. Ghost fingering keys. We he the - whoosh, whoosh, whoosh of Miles' pulse as it slows. hand flinches, clinches shut as if zapped by electricity.
35) 0) text: Junior/Quintet on stage Junior finishes his solo, killed rubs the back of his head, sits, looks up, remorse creepi in. Junior peers into the darkness - "Is that...?" Miles stares at him - extracting the truth. Junior realiz "Oh shit." Junior steps off the stage like he’s coming to over to ta then bolts, runnning through a SIDE DOOR. Miles and Dave give chase but Miles' is hobbling - he'll never catch Junior - he holds out the gun to Dave -
36) 0) text: Junior hits the exit door but the thing won’t budge. When turns Dave is running up, inadvertently cornering this panicked kid with the gun, the busboy stacking boxes seek cover.
36) 4) dialog: Okay, okay, be cool... - Miles reaches around and takes his gun back from Junior Junior turns to see Miles - and that he just got played w that mouthpiece. Damn. Miles pushes him in his back and h goes tumbling into some boxes in the corner out of breath Miles closes in, Dave flanks.
36) 7) dialog: I got it. But I swear, Mr. Davis, I was just trying to help.
36) 11) dialog: Geor- ? No, Harper just thought - Waitaminute, first lemme tell you something - This cat right here is a crook, Mr. Davis. He was gonna -—
36) 13) dialog: You're the fucking - Mr. Davis, believe me, he's -—
36) 16) dialog: Nothing. Just a... a chance to maybe get to work with you, you know. Help you come -- back.
36) 18) dialog: (salty) Yeah. You remember that move, right? Miles gestures to the door with the .38 and the trio head toward the stairs, Dave and Junior glaring at each other.
37) 0) text: The band, crowded around the door scurry back, clearing a path for the three guys. Junior goes to the stage, grabs horn and case.
37) 2) dialog: Huh? 67
37) 4) dialog: So what?
37) 6) dialog: I can play Eb there, it’s just a voicing thing.
38) 0) text: Sketchy hood. Jaguar parked at the curb. Miles, Dave and Junior get out. Passing a couple drunks paper-bagging it, a TAGGER, hitting up Dali-esque Miles, prettying up the grime. Seminal Hip-Hop coming out of windows, or is that modern Jay-Z on the reel to reel? Miles, Dave and Junior enter the rundown building -
39) 0) text: They take the stairs. Junior puts his key in the door and opens it - enters the apartment with Miles and Dave. INT. JUNIOR'S APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS The place is a little ransacked. Hear CHERYL (2 year-old girl) crying in the bedroom. Junior quickly heads into th bedroom leaving Miles and Dave. Miles’ head cocks almost imperceptibly, an inexplicable s of familiarity; these threadbare surroundings, the cacoph of smells and sounds, the chili spaghetti on the stove - coagulated, somebody didn’t make it home for supper; one empty bowl of the stuff on the table, and a dirty highcha drawn with browning flung bits of it. And a cockroach scurrying across the light into darkness. 68 The crying kid, the conversation between Junior and Irene becoming a movement inside an unfolding composition - ON MILES, and on his POV of Junior in the doorway of his bedroom - talking to his wife, IRENE, 24. All we see are legs, sitting in a chair, comforting Cheryl in her lap.
39) 1) dialog: What happened? Irene doesn’t answer -—
39) 2) dialog: Irene! She doesn’t need to speak; looking around, it hits Junior disappears from the doorway. Hear him rummaging. Crash, b Irene never raises her voice - she’s past that.
39) 4) dialog: Harper? (he knows it) Muthafucka.
39) 6) dialog: (seething) He sent Walter? ON MILES - Fuck!
39) 7) dialog: (then) -- Did he touch you? He didn’t lay a hand on you. Is she - Reeling, Junior drops to one knee to comfort his daughter but Irene pulls Cheryl close to her chest.
39) 9) dialog: Irene, I'm sorry... Rene? Irene spots Miles and Dave down the hall. Stops. Her ener changes when she looks at Miles. Recognition, or somethin else? Miles just stares back. A strange moment. Irene goe into the bathroom with Cheryl. Junior enters the room - h hands upturned, like a kid caught with his pants down.
39) 11) dialog: (to Dave) I'll break your fucking jaw right now.
39) 15) dialog: (snaps to, answers Miles) Harper's got it.
39) 17) dialog: I don’t know. His studio, I guess. Miles pushes the phone over.
39) 19) dialog: I can’t just walk in there with you, man. He’s gonna kill me. 70
39) 21) dialog: I’ll take y’all over there... but I gotta do something first. Miles knows exactly what he means.
39) 22) dialog: Harper.
40) 0) text: We see Junior's horn go into the shop window as he walks the front, mouthpiece in hand. He gives the horn a sidewa glance, then walks toward the Jaguar parked outside. Off screen a phone rings.
40) 2) dialog: You sent Walter to my house? Junior hops in the back seat.
40) 5) dialog: I got...held up.
40) 9) dialog: Waitwaitwait - I blew it, I know. Just lemme just come by - talk man to man. I can put in some work on the music, too, you know. (beat) Give me another shot, Harper, please.
49) 0) text: Junior rubs his neck, getting focused, standing outside t small warehouse/studio. He pushes the buzzer. Miles and D are hanging back, away from the door.
49) 2) dialog: It's Junior. Junior is buzzed in - Miles and Dave push in behind him, staying low to avoid the security camera -
50) 0) text: Miles and Dave following Junior across the gangplank, ove the atrium. Dave looking none to sure. They enter the out office.
51) 0) text: Miles and Dave enter, Miles keeping Junior in front of hi cautiously looking about. 78
52) 0) text: The place is the low rent version of Miles' home recordin studio. Photos of Harper with music stars, fighters, movi stars, framed on the wall. Miles’ tape in the valise is o the console behind Harper’s desk. Walter sits in a chair. "Go Ahead John" plays on the radio, Miles Davis Marathon. Before Walter can react Miles has his gun pointed 6 inche from his head. Everyone knows the score. Harper, dressed the nines, looks at Junior, the turncoat.
52) 1) dialog: (resigned and ashamed) They made me do it, man. I - Harper puts up a quieting hand, all the while staring at Miles.
60) 0) text: "So What" '64 (Miles in Berlin) on the TRACK. Inside The Cathedral, smoky, shadowy, a well worn boxing ring ploppe the center, bleachers surround, a couple hundred people i here...maybe. It’s hard to tell. Not well lit except for ring. In the seats we only ever see small groupings. Folks flow in and out of the aisle, getting beers, but mo hurrying back to see the fight; A BLACK AND WHITE MAN in ring, middle weights, scrappy, not scared to mix it up. R 3, you can see it on the card the girl carries as she cli out of the ring, Ding- Ding... Miles looks left, right. POV back from wide; nobody. Mile looks to the left. Harper up there, Junior next to him. H ducks back into the shadows. Whoosh-whoosh-whoosh in his as he studies his prey. And in an instant Miles doubles o and throws up in a nearby WASTEBASKET.
63) 0) text: Miles straightens up, moves into the room, cutting throug the people, headed in Harper’s direction. He cuts back against the grain, calculating a pursuit angle on the fly that he can... what?! "So What" '64 on the TRACK. In the aisle of the bleachers Walter leans across Junior, speaks quietly to Harper. Har covers but he's seething. Junior, wedged between the men, looks sick to his stomach at the news he’s hearing.
66) 0) text: Miles, Dave and Junior burst out the door into the hallwa moving fast, Miles clutching his tape like a father reuni with his lost child. In a surreal moment, '79 Miles passes '64 Miles chasing a Frances, running in the opposite direction... he looks ba '64 Miles isn't there, swallowed up by the crowd... Miles, Dave, and Junior fling open the side door into the night -
68) 2) dialog: Anybody back there?
68) 4) dialog: You sure?
68) 6) dialog: Ho-ly shit... That was, I mean... I mean, that was -
68) 8) dialog: Don't worry, Miles, we're gonna get you right, man.
69) 0) text: Miles enters first, Junior holding the crook of his arm, trailing slightly.
69) 2) dialog: Yeah. And some alcohol. Clean that shit out. Miles goes to his work area. Junior follows at a respectf distance as Miles threads the tape and hits play. Tape sp through the heads.
71) 0) text: Dave returns with the stuff finding Miles sitting at his station, full concentration, Junior behind him. Dave sidl in next to Junior. They listen, waiting to hear something resembling music. But it's just disorganized noise so far conversations about music, stops and starts, flirtations concepts but nothing concrete. Dave looks at Junior - "Am I missing something?" Junior's look - "Give it a minute." Miles fast forwards the tape but even at it's sped up tem we can tell he's not running over music. He hits stop. Pl Listens. It's more of the same.
71) 6) dialog: Aw, that ain't nothing, man. Hit them scales, right? Your chops come back. Real quick. Junior chuckles.
71) 8) dialog: You'll get it back, man. Miles digs in his pocket and pulls out the last balloon o heroin he took from Junior earlier. Hands it to him.
71) 18) dialog: Ima go over to the piano Junior strides over to the piano, reads, plays a few chords...
71) 20) dialog: (squinting at the scrawl) That's what you have here...
71) 22) dialog: (grinning at the scrawl) Yes it is, it's the 5 sus chord... Zooming to the two, Miles walks over, Junior plays a chor with his right hand.
71) 24) dialog: - to the 3rd, f# major, to the tonic minor, to the flat 6 ...B major... Miles puts the mute in the trumpet bell and they figure i out together for a few bars, Junior humming Miles to the right notes also with head movement...
71) 26) dialog: Ok sooo....like this? Junior plays the progression...
71) 29) dialog: Yeah, yeah, ok, ok, I see....