0) 0) text: Black. Then a frozen image - MILES DAVIS (DC), 29, full youthful glory, on stage on a soundstage, at the mic, in front of first great sextet, 1955, beautiful. The image begins to move, fast forward, whirs (stock), images blurring by to performance, many years later -
0) 2) dialog: This one. Right here... The tape slows, plays at regular speed. DAVE BRADEN, 38, speaks.
0) 4) dialog: Osaka, Japan. - '75. "Prelude 2 Agharta" plays. Funky. Nasty. Gutbucket bass, guitar... SUPER: Prelude Fades up. Fades out... (NOTE: All SUPERS i the script are Miles Davis songs) ON STAGE: A trumpet player stands at the center, the hub quintet. Tilt up to reveal: MILES DAVIS, 48, adorned like psychedelic pimp-god. Hunched over, horn bell pointed at floor, soaked with sweat, his back to the audience, iconically Miles, searching for something buried in the music.
0) 6) dialog: Yep... Cut the sound down...
0) 10) dialog: I don't like that word; "jazz"
0) 12) dialog: (helping them to “get it”) That's a made up word. Tryin' to box somebody in. (get it) Don't call my music jazz.
0) 14) dialog: Social music.
0) 15) text: Social music. Perfect. On TV, Miles mashes out an atonal chord with his right ha and cranks the volume louder and louder, silencing the ba As the din of the chord reverberates, recedes, he contemplates the trumpet’s bell, etched with a curvaceous scroll, his name in bold, flickering blue in the stage li
0) 17) dialog: (obvious ) Right. Just not... “jazz.” Miles noodles.
0) 21) dialog: Look, you're gonna tell it, don’t say it all corny and shit. On the TV screen, a surreal moment -- just the horn and M surrounded by mute musicians. Freeze frame.
0) 27) dialog: Duh - duh - da - dee - da - Da - dee - da - We PAN finding Miles framed like a never before seen icon photo of the cool; his ebony skin challenging the darknes his surroundings - he's a stunning sight. His chiseled features softened by shadow, his lithesome form draped in pale silks. In an instant, his spidery fingers run tender circles around the perimeters of his scatting lips, like memory of lost, but not forgotten love, then to a nearby of STAFF PAPER. Miles scrawls, jotting hieroglyphics, the encrypted language of the papers just seen blowing in the wind...
0) 28) dialog: Da - dada - dee - dumdum - da - A DISTANT ANGLE. Dark. Steamy sunlight begs at the hems o drawn curtains. A former church. Little recollection of religion in the ghostly curves of the place. Now it feels haunted. Weeks, months of clothes strewn about, dirty dis empty Heineken and cognac bottles, magazines, newspapers grime carpet the floor, spiders perched in spiderwebs. Drips of errant flickering light from a TV OFF-SCREEN pla with the corners of the frame. On the silent screen, GRAI STOCK FOOTAGE of boxer JACK JOHNSON, July 4, 1910, the "F of the Century" against Great White Hope JAMES J. JEFFRIE before 20,000 people in Reno. In the 15th round Johnson knocks Jeffries down, and the nearly all white crowd jeer spitting rage... We gather details of a lusciously frayed, once elegant tricked out pad of animal skins, Lucite and leather. PHOTOS on the wall shelves, on top of the piano, of Miles with everyone who's anyone, playing everywhere on the pla The world-beater. A sign says: "No Visitors"
0) 29) dialog: Da - datdat - dedaw - dat - dat Miles sits riveted, eyes squeezed shut, 7-9-78 coming thr the headphones, as he scrawls on the pad, like a physicis trying to work out The Theory of Everything. Miles’ face contorts as a sudden pain shoots through his hip. He reac for it, his arm in the headphone cable, inadvertently pul it from the machine and letting in an almost painful
0) 31) dialog: ...fuck... Miles takes the headphones off, his concentration blown. stuffs them into the table DRAWER the reel to reel machin sits on. The drawer sticks and Miles battles with the bro thing, frustration ultimately winning, and leaves it half shut. This writing session is over. Miles' eyes adjust to the light, peek up, like flickering embers - stare at his TRUMPET on it's stand, shimmering b beneath the dust, like a glimmer of life, staring at him, challenging him to pick it up and play.
0) 32) dialog: 'Fuck you looking at? As to a wife in a marriage that has climbed downward from love, to war, to neglect. In an instant, and unresolved. Miles painfully stands and we almost hear the creeks of living. He squints hard as he turns to go into the kitche pivoting on his ruined hip. When Miles opens his eyes he FRANCES TAYLOR, early 30s, staring at him, perfection in chocolate, uncorrupted by the decay around her, with an a of where you want to be. She glides by locking him in her gaze, an enigmatic look on her face. Miles straightens up, locks into her eyes. He starts to s but Frances almost imperceptibly shakes her head, “no,” a walks on, HER LEGS, forever, and ever, as she turns and g up the staircase especially designed for this singular perfect view, and disappears into the BEDROOM, Gone from sight. Miles nods, picks up a half empty Heineken off the table tugs it back on the move, navigating through shadows thro by the cracks of light. Lays the empty beer bottle down o table with others. Passing, ignoring the RINGING PHONE... Passing, ignoring his own sounds on the RADIO Passing, ignoring the KNOCKING ON THE DOOR... Passing the TV - throwing a stiff right hook into the air unison with Jack Johnson, who knocks Jeffries down for a second time... INTO THE KITCHEN...stove on, pours green tea into a cup - sips, soothes his throat, lights a cigarette. After a lon drag Miles focuses in on the blue flame of the stove burn He’s captivated by the significance of the vision, if onl for himself. The FRONT DOOR KNOCKING STOPS and the cessation of this s snaps Miles out of it. He crosses back to the living room TAPPING ON THE WINDOW now, Miles ignores it; through a CR IN THE CURTAIN, we see the face of a pissed off Dave Braden... Finally, Miles has had it, and Miles picks up the RINGING
0) 34) dialog: (into the phone) What?
0) 36) dialog: Oh, is that right? (yells at the window) Get the fuck away from my window. Dave pops his head back out, leaving his post, disappears
0) 38) dialog: Fuck you, Mack. Get in line.
0) 45) dialog: It's Miles Davis... Yeah, really. Put that motherfucker Schaap on the phone.
0) 47) dialog: Yeah, it’s me.
0) 49) dialog: You talk too damn much. A time capsule is for old shit, dead shit. And I missed on "Kind of Blue".
0) 51) dialog: This ain’t a interview. I'm a tough guy and I know tougher guys. If you tape this, I'll kill you. You got that? 10
0) 53) dialog: Good. Now, forget it. (shift) And throw on some of that Sketches of Spain for me. Miles hangs up the phone. Sips more tea, fleetingly butts his cigarette in an overflowing ashtray, lights another o Dave Braden reappears, starts KNOCKING ON THE WINDOW agai Miles ignores him, goes to an EASEL with an in-process, w OIL PAINTING of a lush, mostly red and black, Picasso-esq woman in the stands of a bullfight, a dark-skinned matado stands in the ring. He stops, steps back, picks up the paint brush, dips it i color, adds a couple strokes to the work, studies it for few moments...
0) 57) dialog: It’s Miles. 11
0) 60) dialog: My money didn't come today.
0) 62) dialog: Where's my check? $20,000.
0) 64) dialog: You trying to piss me off?
0) 66) dialog: Same shit -
0) 68) dialog: George-
0) 71) dialog: I didn't go nowhere, George. Now you want some music, send me my money. Miles slams the phone down. Dave starts knocking again as “SKETCHES OF SPAIN" swells. Miles crosses tears open the with the chain on, his jaw seriously working his chewing Dave Braden stands there dressed differently than in the opening shoot out. No style: tweed, corduroy, loosened ti drops of red on his shirt, fresh scrape on his cheek, reddening around his eye. Dave's wearing some kind of sto that he's in the middle of.
0) 74) dialog: Okay. The door closes. Dave straightens up, tucks in, slicks ba his hair, trying to appear half-way presentable. Miles flings the door open and - POW - clocks Dave in the face, Dave stumbles back -
0) 76) dialog: Open the door! 13
0) 78) dialog: Open it! Dave backs away from the door, takes the opportunity to w up the three steps, push open the saloon doors and peer i the room. ANGLE: PANS TO tape on the reel to reel, painting, boxing the TV, the ruinous decadent decay, evidence of empty coc bindles and residue; not what he was expecting. Dave pull out a small pocket camera (Agfa Optima 535); flash, flash flash... Stows that then produces a TAPE RECORDER, pushes RECORD.
0) 80) dialog: Open the goddamned door! Dave stows his works, comes back to the door.
0) 82) dialog: Get the fuck outta my house. Hands up, Dave back-peddles, defensively away from Miles deeper into room...
0) 84) dialog: That's the wrong way! Miles goes to a nearby drawer and retrieves gets his .38 special.
0) 87) dialog: Columbia.
0) 89) dialog: Can you drive, motherfucker? SUPER: Splash Fades up. Fades out... INT. MILES’ JAGUAR/EXT. MILES’ MANHATTAN HOME- A MINUTE L Dave is in the driver’s seat, checking out the freshest reddening “mouse” under his eye in the rearview mirror -
0) 91) dialog: Open the damn door. - as he hobbles down the stairs to the car - Dave reaches across the console and pops open the passenger door for Miles, who gets in. Clocks Dave’s running tape recorder o the dashboard.
0) 92) dialog: What the fuck is that?
0) 94) dialog: Take that thing off my goddamned dash or I’m gonna slap you in the mouth with it. 15 Dave starts to comeback on Miles but bites his tongue, co out like something between a cough and a laugh. He pocket the thing, but not before he depresses RECORD. And Miles already scouring the car's interior for cocaine - glove compartment, map pocket, finding nothing but empty BINDLE which he crumbles up and tosses. Dave clocks the behavior Miles looks at him -
0) 95) dialog: Let's go. Dave works the ignition but it’s not turning over.
0) 96) dialog: Pump it.
1) 2) dialog: I gotta do your homework for you?
1) 5) dialog: Miles Davis story. My words.
1) 7) dialog: Ok. I was born... went to New York, met some cats, made some music, did some dope, made some more music... ...then you came to my house. Take a left.
1) 9) dialog: That's it.
1) 11) dialog: It's what all you motherfuckers do anyway. Miles points. Dave turns left -
2) 2) dialog: Get the fuck out of my car. Clear enough. Dave opens the door -
3) 0) text: Miles storms in with disheveled Dave, breaking up the meeting. 17 Photos of Miles performing, and with George, populate the office. All eyes turn to the duo. GEORGE BUTLER, 48, blac soft-spoken style, stands up behind a large desk. In front of George’s desk, 2 WHITE EXECUTIVES, 40s, sit i chairs. In a 3rd chair off to the side is another white e well dressed and coiffed, KEN SCHWINN, 30.
3) 2) dialog: Don’t send people to my house. Write some dumb, fucking article... Write a check, George. George's secretary, outside the office, looks in at Georg shrugs, "sorry" - George waves her off, "it's okay" - she returns to her desk. Sitting on the couch behind Miles and Dave (and unnoticed them) is a slender man, white, sharply tailored, a touch the royal slick: HARPER HAMILTON, 35, his right hand man, Walter, and JUNIOR, 22, thin, black, good looking, jitter jonesing, a little sweaty, but sharp, if a bit wrinkled. trumpet case at his feet. When Junior sees Miles, he perk up, his idol right in front of him.
3) 5) dialog: Take your boy back.
3) 8) dialog: You send this motherfucker to my house to write some comeback story?
3) 18) dialog: Man, you see this? This is the bullshit that happens when y’all start -
3) 22) dialog: I do a session ya'll already got it out over the wire.
3) 24) dialog: So what?! Can't wait to saddle me up again, huh? The fuckin' comeback.
3) 26) dialog: There is no Columbia without me. How many records I cut for you, George? And I can’t take some time off?
3) 28) dialog: My material, man, my tape. And if I don’t wanna give it to you - Ken, a take charge guy, puts up his hand, nods at George
3) 33) dialog: You own my music? You must be a rich man, then. How much money you got?
3) 35) dialog: On you. Right now. How much?
3) 37) dialog: You know what they say in Missouri? Show me! Ken takes out a gold money clip, Miles grabs it, tests it heft, turns to George -
3) 38) dialog: You ‘bout nineteen thousand light, but that's a start. - stuffs it into his jacket pocket. Harper stands, impres laughing, clapping.
3) 47) dialog: And I'm the asshole in the room, right? 11 22 Miles chucks the tape recorder into the waste basket, and walks out, Junior watching his every step.
5) 0) text: Miles sits back against the rail - what these muthufuckas just made him do. His hip now. Dull persistent ache. Can' escape himself - his music: the be-bop, uptempo "Tempus Fugit" mocks him from the speakers as a collage of Columb covers/artists silently study him. Chief among them is Frances, again - on the cover of "Someday My Prince Will Come". He wants to look at her, but doesn't, won't...but she's looking at him. Miles pushes at the back wall of th elevator and it rolls back on casters opening onto -
6) 0) text: A small group playing on stage, seen from the wings. The CAMERA moves around the band members - winds, brass, drum the pianist and eventually comes around finding Miles Dav 18 years younger, stepping up to the mic, center stage, killing it in this intimate venue. Watch him blow. SUPER: Tempus Fugit Fades up. Fades out...
6) 3) dialog: (smiles) Ava, Let me hold Mr. Jackson.
6) 5) dialog: And, hand me that pen. Ava reaches into her purse, hands Miles her pen. He drops cigarette, grinds it out as he strides across the street. Buddy turns to walk back, Miles passes him and steps up t Frances.
6) 6) dialog: Hi. I'm Miles Davis.
6) 8) dialog: Now you don't have to stare. Frances smiles, shrugs, let’s him just hang for a beat be eventually taking the bill. Miles smiles, turns, walking to the car cool as shit. Somewhere a phone rings.
6) 9) dialog: Hello?
8) 0) text: Miles exits the elevator as Dave emerges from the stairwe trailing Miles through the lobby and eventually outside.
9) 0) text: Dave bolts from the building, gets to the car as Miles ge in, the Jag a little boxed in by parked cars -
9) 10) dialog: You're a crazy, white motherfucker, you know that?
9) 13) dialog: You waitin' for me to put a hankie down? Dave slides behind the wheel -
9) 15) dialog: Where we going? 28
9) 17) dialog: We just left Columbia, muthafucka.
10) 0) text: Dave and Miles Drive up in the Jaguar right in front of a dorm building, in the red zone.
11) 0) text: Getting out of the car - Miles looking around like, “real
12) 0) text: Dave holds the dorm building door open for Miles.
13) 2) dialog: Whatever’s in that clip.
13) 11) dialog: (enough) Get on with it, man. That signature voice draws Justin’s attention. It takes a second to register but when it does, a “holy fuck... Is t Miles Davis?” look spreads across Justin’s face. 30
14) 0) text: Inside, a naked blonde co-ed, TAMI, is on the bed, coveri herself with a sheet. She's real cute. Look around the room, state of the art, daddy paid for st system - kind of a loungy pad, old leather couch, couple books strewn about, signed posters on the wall; Coltrane, Jimmy Page, James Brown. Justin can’t take his eyes off Miles.
14) 8) dialog: - a quarter. Dave shoots Miles a look. Miles just stares at him.
14) 13) dialog: Yeah. Scoot over, Tami. Dave chuckles. Tami grins, scoots over, pats the mattress next to her. Justin smiles, shakes his head -
14) 18) dialog: What?
14) 24) dialog: (playing along) Which one does he play, Tami? 33 Tami hums "So What” the famous first two notes in Miles’ canon.
14) 31) dialog: No.
14) 33) dialog: Um um.
14) 38) dialog: This is the old shit, man. I've done like fifteen albums since "Kind of Blue."
14) 41) dialog: Keep it. Miles tucks Frances under his arm. 35
15) 0) text: Miles and Frances enter frame arm in arm in the cavernous main room of the dilapidated church. Dusty pews and scary judgemental angels, sun shines through the stained glass windows. Flamenco Sketches plays. Frances scans the room then slowly strides away from Mile down the center aisle, hands lightly touching the pews. A she passes, pirouetting, the ROOM CHANGES, darkness becom light (This effect will be achieved with a series of PHOT from a "locked off" camera position as the room is dresse ala City of God). The final PHOTO; Frances reaches the end of the room and turns back to face Miles. The scene comes to life, the sp transformed, an elegant stairway as its centerpiece, lead straight up to heaven. They both bound up the stairs into the bedroom.
16) 0) text: Miles and Frances make love. Deep, passionate...
17) 0) text: Frances and Miles lay on the bed having a lively conversation, laughing, sipping champagne. Frances is beautiful and Miles drinks her in...
17) 2) dialog: (sly smile) Oh, it's the same, huh?
17) 5) dialog: Whoosh... In a moment of inspiration, Fran hops up, wearing only Mi shirt, and begins to dance...
18) 2) dialog: Aww, baby girl... Miles kisses Frances softly, deeply. She kisses Miles bac walks backwards with him toward the couch, pulls him down drops down sitting next to her and after a moment, draws looking in her eyes. Miles, tasting her on his lips, rubs finger around his embouchure, closes his eyes, languidly blows Fran's softness into the horn. Then Miles' attention is drawn to the sound of... is that Funkadelic?
19) 0) text: Miles and Dave pull up to the curb. Miles takes the stash coke and his gun out of the secret compartment, seems som effected by the Frances moment we've just witnessed. Mile hops out, pops his hip back in place as Dave arrives on t sidewalk next to him.
19) 2) dialog: Keys. Dave plops the keys into his hand. Miles heads to the doo taking the Jag key off the ring, Dave following.
19) 3) dialog: Tell you what; gas me up, get it washed and then go grab me some catfish.
19) 5) dialog: You got a problem with that? Dave sighs, test two, I guess. He’ll grin and bear it... until he can get those tapes.
20) 0) text: Miles is stunned. There's a party in full swing; FUNK MUS blasting on the stereo. 40 PEOPLE, black, white, shady, musicians, drug addicts, kind of people who party in your house when you're gone. Dieter, who got out of the cab earlier with Janice, is th first to spot Miles, pokes Janice, points. They work thei way over to get to Miles. Dave is waiting for Miles to blow up, as other guests gre him like a famous stranger in his own house. Janice, zoom a little, puts her arms around Miles -
20) 2) dialog: What the fuck is going on, Janice?
20) 4) dialog: So what?!
20) 6) dialog: I ain’t talked to you in forever. When I say that?
20) 8) dialog: You always pulling some shit - How'd you get in anyway? 39
20) 10) dialog: Move, muthafuckas - Dieter jams up to Miles while he hurriedly fast forwards tape, removes it from the machine. Dave notes it, moves i behind him, staying close to his prey. As Miles puts his away, Dieter rambles on:
20) 14) dialog: Get the fuck off me, Hitler.
20) 19) dialog: Get all these muthafucka’s outta -
20) 21) dialog: Keep your simple-ass friends away from my shit.
20) 23) dialog: And stay the fuck out the basement. Janice turns pushing Dieter off. Miles heads toward the door leading downstairs, flips thr the keys.
20) 25) dialog: C'mon. ANGLE DAVE: Dave glances at the tape, follows Miles THROU THE DOOR. As the door closes behind them, glimpse the saloon doors opening and Harper, Walter, and Junior enter. Junior has trumpet case in hand. 41
21) 2) dialog: (muttering) India... muthafuckas are crazy.. A trumpet on a stand, an electric piano, drums. His Gramm on a shelf, one is used as a doorstop - his gold and plat albums line the walls, boxing photos of Sugar Ray, Jack Johnson, Joe Louis, and of Miles sparring in the ring. A heavy bag hangs from the ceiling. Dave looks around, impressed, realizing he's inside Miles' brain.
21) 4) dialog: Yeah, sometimes... Miles puts the "...Prince..." record down, dumps some cok Frances and cuts some rails. She looks at him disapprovin
21) 5) dialog: So what...?
21) 7) dialog: Umhm.
21) 12) dialog: Yeah, Tuesday, like a motherfucker. Dave sits, stands, sits, shakes his head, really playing up.
21) 14) dialog: You gonna make it?
21) 17) dialog: Go head. Miles tosses Dave the ring of keys -
21) 18) dialog: Lock it behind you. Little silver one. And grab me some of that brown.
23) 2) dialog: What took you so long?
23) 4) dialog: He got you too, huh? Dave nods, holds the liquor out to Miles.
23) 5) dialog: We drink out of glasses here, muthafucka?
23) 7) dialog: Give it here.
23) 11) dialog: This ain't playing. Playing around, maybe.
23) 13) dialog: Just woke up black and knew how to play. 48
23) 15) dialog: Frances loves Chopin...
23) 18) dialog: (on is own beam) Stravinsky, Bartok, Chopin... studied all those cats, man. They broke convention, you know. Pushing back at that... standard, classical bag... Bird and Diz was doing that on stage every night, on the fly. Didn't write it down. Just came out of 'em. Shit was scary. I wanted to quit every night. Dave slips on the gloves, really starts tuning Miles in.
23) 19) dialog: The old people come up to me and ask, “Why don't you play the way you used to?' I say to them, 'Tell me how I used to.'" You have to play a long time to be able to play like yourself. Man, don't do nothing like you used to. It don't move, then that's dead music. It's dead. Miles stops playing. Doesn't move. Neither does Dave. A weighted moment.
23) 21) dialog: Your turn, muthafucka.
23) 25) dialog: You forgot something. Who socked you up?
23) 27) dialog: Before me. Dave sighs.
24) 4) dialog: Alimony.
24) 6) dialog: So ex-wife...
24) 8) dialog: (beat) You really miss her, don't you?
24) 10) dialog: Man, throw a punch. Dave is dumbstruck for a moment.
24) 11) dialog: Come on... Miles goes to the bag, holds it. Dave throws an easy punc
24) 12) dialog: Now throw a real one. Dave looks at him, hits the bag hard, moves Miles back a Miles recovers, winces, his hip. Dave doesn't see, or car Miles plays it off.
24) 13) dialog: Hold the bag. Dave holds the bag for Miles.
24) 14) dialog: Naw, you don't lock down chicks like that, man... Miles hits the bag. 51
24) 15) dialog: Punch comes from the hip, right. Hip. Miles hits the bag again then holds the bag for Dave braces. Dave throws a hard punch. Miles absorbs, returns bag for Dave to hold.
24) 16) dialog: Turn your wrist over, snap it. Miles keeps punching - fuck the pain - like the pain - ne the pain -
24) 17) dialog: Wives are for kids, and serious shit. You don't mess with that. (beat, mutters a rare admission) Yeah, I coulda done that better...
25) 0) text: The horns on the track Gone from Gil and Miles Porgy and Bess, blare out strong. Miles in the booth drops hard ont the couch, making a phone call.
25) 3) dialog: Frances Taylor. Room 516.
25) 6) dialog: You muthafuckas know how to slip a note under a door? Miles hangs up. He takes a long drag on his cigarette and exhales, his countenance clouded, finally focusing on the girls on the couch for a beat, saying nothing. He takes another drag, stubs out his cigarette. Walks back into th studio, interrupting the take.
26) 2) dialog: Timing’s all messed up.
26) 4) dialog: That's the problem, man. Everybody ain't playin’ the chart like it's written, at least be musical about it.
26) 6) dialog: So what? Be wrong strong. Otherwise lay out. Teo, can you hear the Jerome and Phil? In a SERIES OF CUTS we see Miles genius as he rearranges players, maximizing the acoustics, changes a note or two the woodwind section, confers with Gil, etc. Then - 53 cuT: A light an airy moment - a break in playing...
26) 7) dialog: Yeah, we were all up in that shit like a muthfucka. Cleaner than a broke dick dog.
26) 9) dialog: Yeah, Prez turned me on to that cat.
27) 0) text: RINGING. Miles is in a silk robe, in a chair in the maste bedroom, slumped back, looking bored. He answers the phon as we begin to DOLLY around him.
27) 1) dialog: What?
27) 3) dialog: Hey? I've been calling you all damn day.
27) 5) dialog: Oh... Okay... I just uh... Okay... Miles puts his finger to his lips, "Shhhh...", turns away 54
27) 7) dialog: I want you to come home, Frances.
27) 9) dialog: Just come home. Come home for two days. Frances says nothing.
27) 10) dialog: They can get by without you for two or three damn days. INTERCUT FRANCES in ECU sitting on the edge of the bed in room at the SAVOY HOTEL, looking beautiful at 6:30am, lik some women do.
27) 12) dialog: It's because I didn't marry you?
27) 14) dialog: I've been thinking about it, it's a good thing, we should do that. Let's have a real serious talk about it when you get here.
27) 16) dialog: Fran...? Frances... Frances finally speaks.
27) 18) dialog: I'm having a plane pick you up tomorrow. (beat) Okay? (beat) I need you.
28) 0) text: Miles finally jerks the reel to reel cabinet drawer all t way open - tape is definitely not there - he rifles throu the debris around the machine - zip. Dave enters the spac sees Miles who whips around to him.
28) 1) dialog: Somebody stole my fucking music! Dave's face goes slack. This ain’t good.
28) 3) dialog: Shit, what?! What assholes?!
28) 5) dialog: Here last night?
28) 7) dialog: ...the fuck you didn't you tell me that last night?
28) 9) dialog: Columbia motherfucker's...think they own my shit? We gonna see. Try releasing it. Go ahead. My lawyer’1ll be on your ass so fast - The phone picks up.
28) 11) dialog: Yom fucking Kippur!? Miles slams the phone down.
28) 14) dialog: Come on. 57 (PRE-LAP JUNIOR'S JAM SESSION)
28) 15) text: Miles heads upstairs, powering through his aching hip. Da follows behind.
28) 16) dialog: Come and drink my liquor, freeloading thievin' muthafuckas...
28) 17) text: Miles stands at a double door, jerks them open -
28) 18) dialog: You ain't driving me around looking like that no more. - his massive closet - hundreds of outfits, shoes, shades hats.
29) 0) text: Miles and Dave enter, decked out like we first saw them a the top of the movie, drawing stares from the few setting for the show later, BARTENDER, MANAGER, BUSBOYS, etc...
29) 4) dialog: I'm not here. The BARTENDER leans over the bar.
30) 0) text: ON STAGE: Miles with his quintet - "Blue in Green (3:28)" Miles blows through his solo, meditative, focused. The so sounds like an apology for an argument gone unheard. We l this great music play. Others are present but Frances is about the only thing we clearly see - shimmering, illuminated, sipping a martini, silently accepting his musical mea culpa. The rest of the falls off into near darkness, a cigarette tip here, the g of a glass there, smoke throughout the room... Miles finishes his solo and Bill Evans comes in to tie a on it. Miles takes off the mute, puts his trumpet on the stand, strolls off stage, lights a cig. The audience cheers and he and Frances lock eyes for the briefest of beats, when a blonde beauty, looks rich, ERIC 34, steps into his line of vision, blocking Frances.
30) 2) dialog: Erica, yeah...
30) 4) dialog: Y’all play that bossa. Miles glances back to Frances, half shrugs. Frances’ face a cipher, giving up nothing. She casually takes a cigaret out of a pack and gracefully holds it, suspended in air f the all too willing nearby gentleman to light.
30) 5) dialog: C’mon... Frances takes a drag, sips her drink.
31) 0) text: Miles walks Erica across the street to catch a cab.
31) 2) dialog: Naw, baby, I'm good, I got it. Miles takes a $20 out and hands it to the cabbie. She loo at Miles, with a call-me-anytime look - 61
31) 4) dialog: Good night, Erica. Miles taps on the cab and it drives her away. He lights a smoke. The cop crosses the street. Miles watches him approach. W does this motherfucker want? A white MAN in a suit down the block takes notice -
31) 6) dialog: I work in there, man.
31) 8) dialog: I'm taking a smoke break. I'm Miles Davis. That's me on the marquis.
31) 10) dialog: I'm on public property, man. I can stand here and have a smoke. The cop takes hold of Miles. Miles pulls away. Then leans into the cop, like a boxer, fists instinctively rising wh he thinks the cop's about to hit him. The cop stumbles ba while going for his cuffs and nightstick. And at that moment, Miles is cracked on the back of the h with a nightstick courtesy of the white man in the suit - turns out to be a PLAINCLOTHES COP. Miles stumbles - dazed, weaves but doesn't go down, bleed from the head, runs down his face - Detective Plainclothe cracks him a second time, then he goes down. The cops rough him up while he's down on the sidewalk. CL ON Miles as he absorbs the punishment. Mr. Plainclothes cuffs Miles and yanks him up as a small crowd (20 people) starts to form. 62 He flashes his badge, voices yelling: "Stop it, stop it!" "That's Miles Davis." "Fucking cops!" Etc. Frances, and a few others, rush out of the club. All happening so fast.
32) 0) text: Miles is lead in roughly by the cop thrown in the tank. M plunks down on the bench. Defiant. Wears the blood on his face like war paint. I'm Miles Davis. Fuck you. We HEAR t din of people/reporters outside the jailhouse.
33) 0) text: Miles sits with his head in his hands, the beating, surroundings, the utter lack of solemnity. Suddenly, outs the cell we hear a loud argument. He looks up, the blood dried on his face -
33) 3) dialog: Ha, check those motherfuckers... REVERSE ANGLE - ON Frances blowing up at the cops - a cou stand back and watch, a couple pass by wanting to "take t bitch's fucking head off", but the presence of Miles' law HAROLD LOVETT, 40s is her protection.
34) 0) text: Miles sits in the tub staring at the water. White candles adorn the room, flickering light, (*sounds of Chopin fill house), wine, the mood set. The door opens and Frances co in wearing a robe. She drops it to the floor; Whoa. Franc slides into the tub behind Miles. She wets the soap and starts washing him, gently, lovingly, his wounds, the dri blood. Miles closes his eyes, surrendering to it. She whispers in his ear, sexy, close...
34) 2) dialog: Baby, I want you to stop dancing.
34) 4) dialog: I want you to stop dancing, Fran.
34) 6) dialog: Quit dancing altogether. She stiffens, straightens, he sits up, turns to her.
34) 7) dialog: I know. It's a sacrifice. But you're my wife now. Your place is with me.
35) 0) text: Junior/Quintet on stage Junior finishes his solo, killed rubs the back of his head, sits, looks up, remorse creepi in. Junior peers into the darkness - "Is that...?" Miles stares at him - extracting the truth. Junior realiz "Oh shit." Junior steps off the stage like he’s coming to over to ta then bolts, runnning through a SIDE DOOR. Miles and Dave give chase but Miles' is hobbling - he'll never catch Junior - he holds out the gun to Dave -
35) 2) dialog: Go. Get him! Go! Dave chases after Junior. Miles hobbles behind. The band starts to follow but Miles goes sorcerer on them, holds o his hand in a crazy claw shape as he passes.
35) 3) dialog: Stay! They freeze. 65
36) 6) dialog: Lie to me, I'll kill you. Junior let's out a sigh, a deep, guilty sigh.
36) 8) dialog: Don't tell me the lies you tell yourself. You're a hype. (MORE )
36) 10) dialog: I can see that shit in your eyes. George put you up to this.
36) 14) dialog: Shut the fuck up. What Harper give you to snatch my music? Junior stammers, feeling stupid.
36) 15) dialog: Answer me!
36) 17) dialog: Right. ‘Cause you just the hype with the heart of gold, huh?
37) 1) dialog: And don’t play E flat over that D9.
37) 3) dialog: You played E flat over that D9.
37) 5) dialog: So don’t. That’s Dm9. And only sometimes. Junior snaps his case closed, looking irked.
37) 7) dialog: Man, you don’t know shit. Miles pushes Junior toward the door.
38) 0) text: Sketchy hood. Jaguar parked at the curb. Miles, Dave and Junior get out. Passing a couple drunks paper-bagging it, a TAGGER, hitting up Dali-esque Miles, prettying up the grime. Seminal Hip-Hop coming out of windows, or is that modern Jay-Z on the reel to reel? Miles, Dave and Junior enter the rundown building -
39) 0) text: They take the stairs. Junior puts his key in the door and opens it - enters the apartment with Miles and Dave. INT. JUNIOR'S APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS The place is a little ransacked. Hear CHERYL (2 year-old girl) crying in the bedroom. Junior quickly heads into th bedroom leaving Miles and Dave. Miles’ head cocks almost imperceptibly, an inexplicable s of familiarity; these threadbare surroundings, the cacoph of smells and sounds, the chili spaghetti on the stove - coagulated, somebody didn’t make it home for supper; one empty bowl of the stuff on the table, and a dirty highcha drawn with browning flung bits of it. And a cockroach scurrying across the light into darkness. 68 The crying kid, the conversation between Junior and Irene becoming a movement inside an unfolding composition - ON MILES, and on his POV of Junior in the doorway of his bedroom - talking to his wife, IRENE, 24. All we see are legs, sitting in a chair, comforting Cheryl in her lap.
39) 10) dialog: Where's my shit? Nice job.
39) 13) dialog: (at Junior)
39) 16) dialog: Yeah, I figured that part out. Where is he? Junior checks the clock on the wall.
39) 18) dialog: Call him. Tell him you're coming over.
39) 20) dialog: You don’t do what I say, I’m gonna kill you. Junior sighs, picks up the phone. Starts dialing, looks o at his trumpet case - ANGLE - it looks back at him.
40) 7) dialog: This ain't fly away time, we got work to do. Miles snatches one balloon away and Junior lets his arm g
40) 13) dialog: Go ahead. In the car, CLOSE ON JUNIOR, a rapturous look of instant relief on his face. The pulse slows. We hear it, (sounds Miles' when he saw Junior play), whooosh, whooosh, whooos Time slows. Junior inhales deeply -
41) 0) text: We hear a harsh SNORTING - then MILES' (37) head jerks in frame, wiping his nose after doing a bump of coke. 72
42) 0) text: Miles heads DOWNSTAIRS, eyes dilated, trying to focus. Frances is on the phone, a little miffed, a little drunk, and looking at decorating swatches, to further gild her c
43) 2) dialog: It’s too fast. Miles starts counting it off, about to play when, (a coup seconds after the blinking red light went off), the angry voice of Frances upstairs breaks through:
43) 4) dialog: What’s going on, Fran - ?
43) 8) dialog: Hang up the phone.
43) 10) dialog: Both of you - hang up the - Frances is still going off at Peggy. Miles hangs up the phone. Counts it off for the band -
43) 11) dialog: Keep going. Miles heads upstairs. The band continues sans Miles.
44) 0) text: Frances is railing at Peggy when Miles storms in. She's drinking - near empty bottle of wine, a glass next to her and a broken glass on the floor.
44) 2) dialog: Why you doin’ that?
44) 4) dialog: I told you, don’t worry about nobody else.
44) 6) dialog: I didn’t tell nobody to call here.
44) 8) dialog: Then just don't answer the phone, Frances.
44) 12) dialog: You better stop throwing shit, Fran. You're drunk.
44) 16) dialog: Who? 75
44) 18) dialog: Who you talking about?
44) 20) dialog: Then don't answer the phone. She slaps him, full attack mode, pulling hair, swinging, athletic, a dancer who's sinews haven't been fueled by passion in a while, awakening. Miles is trying to hold he off - the boxer knows defense is offense and somewhere in melee, Miles snaps, and slaps her across the face!
44) 21) dialog: Stop! It hurts, in all ways, they both know it, feel it, but Frances only barely reacts, keeps swinging, coming forwar He grabs a fistful of blouse, pulls back to strike France again and they both go tumbling sideways over a coffee ta Loud crash.
46) 0) text: Heavy breathing from both of them, Frances stands over Mi as he grits his teeth to stand - can’t quite manage yet, hip again, throbbing. Frances doesn't offer to help. Is t a smile? Long pause as Miles stands, extricates himself from the rubble, straightens his clothes, hair. He turns, goes... An ashtray whizzes by his head and smashes into the wall. Miles just keeps walking. Frances puts her face in her hands and weeps.
48) 0) text: An empty bottle of wine and a glass on the night table. Frances wakes in bed from a nap, surrounded by presents. Emerald ring, sapphire bracelet, mink coat, clothes... Miles is peeking around the circular wall quietly watchin her... She spots Miles and when she turns further, he sees her b eye, it jolts him.
48) 1) dialog: There's a... necklace in there. Frances nods, cold, unmoved by the gifts - shell shocked.
48) 2) dialog: (beat) Wanna go out? Dinner...dancing, or something? 77 Dancing? He didn't even hear it. Frances did. A dagger, reminding her of everything she gave up.
48) 4) dialog: You do. He makes it worse.
48) 5) dialog: Okay... (then touching his eye, referring to hers) Maybe you wanna... put ona little... make-up or something... Miles comes in, picks up the ruby choker and moves behind Frances, gently brushing aside her hair and clasping the thing on her. Love and ownership at the same time. Miles behind her on the bed and pulls her back into him, the bl red droplets suspended in platinum laying on Frances'. Mi rubs his neck.
49) 0) text: Junior rubs his neck, getting focused, standing outside t small warehouse/studio. He pushes the buzzer. Miles and D are hanging back, away from the door.
50) 0) text: Miles and Dave following Junior across the gangplank, ove the atrium. Dave looking none to sure. They enter the out office.
51) 0) text: Miles and Dave enter, Miles keeping Junior in front of hi cautiously looking about. 78
52) 0) text: The place is the low rent version of Miles' home recordin studio. Photos of Harper with music stars, fighters, movi stars, framed on the wall. Miles’ tape in the valise is o the console behind Harper’s desk. Walter sits in a chair. "Go Ahead John" plays on the radio, Miles Davis Marathon. Before Walter can react Miles has his gun pointed 6 inche from his head. Everyone knows the score. Harper, dressed the nines, looks at Junior, the turncoat.
52) 2) dialog: (to Dave, re: Walter) Get his gun. Dave looks at Miles like, “why I do I always gotta take t gun?” Dave grabs Walter’s gun out of his waistband half points it at Walter. Miles points his gun at Harper takes few steps toward him.
52) 11) dialog: (zips the valise) I just did, muthafucka...
52) 13) dialog: I can count.
52) 16) dialog: You did this for George? 80
53) 0) text: Miles and Dave quickly move across the gangplank. Dave ch the gun into the atrium below.
55) 0) text: Reprise "Go Ahead John" on the SOUNDTRACK as it builds... Miles strides purposefully toward the Jaguar, Dave in lockstep.
55) 2) dialog: Fuck you, Dave, gimme my keys. Dave doesn’t do anything. Miles stops, turns, glares.
55) 4) dialog: That's three things. Now, gimme the fucking keys! Miles starts ripping at Dave's coat pockets.
55) 6) dialog: I’m not playing with you, man.
55) 11) dialog: Go, go, go! Come on!
55) 14) dialog: Shoot, muthafucka!
55) 16) dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you?!! 83
55) 22) dialog: Go right! GO RIGHT! Dave guns right - Walter drives straight past, brakes - o sight... Dave and Miles zooming under train trestles - plowing int pile of boxes, fishtailing, papers from the boxes flying. Everything “slows down” in an extended impressionistic be from Miles' POV CAMERA moving around the Jag...Dave screaming at Miles -
55) 24) dialog: Duh - duh - da - dee - da...
55) 26) dialog: Dave finally snaps Miles back into reality, squealing out the fishtail, as Walter is racing back at them in his car Dave loses control - the Jaguar SKIDS toward the wall - Bullets pierce the Jaguar's body - one SLAMS into MILES' THIGH, he howls in pain as the car screeches to a halt, n a MEAT PACKING WAREHOUSE -—
55) 27) text: 84 Miles and Dave scramble out of the car as the Towncar bea down on them. Miles clutches his valise, shooting at the oncoming car - Walter swerves. Dave and Miles head into a ALLEY... The Towncar screeches to a stop near the Jaguar. Walter j out, gun drawn -
56) 0) text: Miles trips, drops the briefcase, the tape and staff pape spill out. The tape in the can rolls away - Miles tries t for it, Dave drags him to safety behind a dumpster, Miles grasping helplessly at the air, at the papers flying away THEIR POVS behind the dumpster (Miles struggling to break free of Dave) - Walter snatches up the tape and the valis
56) 1) dialog: (hollering at Walter) Leave it! No!
56) 3) dialog: (at Walter) Don’t do that! Miles shoots at Walter - click-click empty gun.
56) 4) dialog: (at Walter) (to Miles) LEAVE IT! Gonna get us killed, man! Miles, in an impotent last ditch, throws his gun at Walte it barely leaves his hand (with Dave all over him), bounc off the dumpster, and back at Miles. Walter never utters a sound in the scramble, calm, doing job, as if Miles can’t be heard or seen, barely a flea. SIRENS heard in the distance... approaching. Miles can no only watch as Walter hustles out of the alley, hops in his car and bone out. Miles gritting his teeth in pain, staring straight a - “now what?”
57) 7) dialog: I’m getting my goddamned music back- He opens the door and starts to get out. Dave grabs him, Miles pulls away -
57) 10) dialog: SPLIT SECOND CUTS: Stock footage of a bloody hip operatio
58) 0) text: 1966. A dark black hand holds three white pills. Miles po the painkillers back, chases them with a big slug of cogn He's sweaty, hurting, fucked-up fish-eye style. A cane sitting next to the bed. Miles pulls down his waistband a looks at the bandages on his hip. He painfully bends and straightens his leg, curses under his breath. On the TV an innocuous comedy/laugh track. It's all enoug make you want to kill somebody. Miles grabs the remote, t down the volume. It's faint, but there it is again - laughter. A man's. Followed by another sound; a flirtatio giggle... A woman now whispering - "Stop it, he's going t hear us..." Miles pushes himself up, straight backed. Cal
58) 1) dialog: Frances...? Hey, goddamnit...! Miles whistles loudly. No response. Miles breath quickens eyes burn. He grabs the cane and swings his leg around th side of the bed, forces himself to stand.
59) 0) text: Miles gets out of the car, standing, painfully strides to the line of people waiting to get into The Cathedral. Dav gets out of the car, can’t believe what he’s seeing, watc him go. Miles moves through the crowd, patrons' expressions quick shift from piqued to geeked as this reclusive celebrity pushes past them right to the front of the line. Miles wa right up to the door but the DOORMAN there stops him.
59) 4) dialog: You looking at it. - and as Miles rolls into church, Ding Ding...
60) 0) text: "So What" '64 (Miles in Berlin) on the TRACK. Inside The Cathedral, smoky, shadowy, a well worn boxing ring ploppe the center, bleachers surround, a couple hundred people i here...maybe. It’s hard to tell. Not well lit except for ring. In the seats we only ever see small groupings. Folks flow in and out of the aisle, getting beers, but mo hurrying back to see the fight; A BLACK AND WHITE MAN in ring, middle weights, scrappy, not scared to mix it up. R 3, you can see it on the card the girl carries as she cli out of the ring, Ding- Ding... Miles looks left, right. POV back from wide; nobody. Mile looks to the left. Harper up there, Junior next to him. H ducks back into the shadows. Whoosh-whoosh-whoosh in his as he studies his prey. And in an instant Miles doubles o and throws up in a nearby WASTEBASKET.
61) 2) dialog: Frances...! Miles reaches the bathroom, pushes open the door finding Frances putting on make-up.
61) 3) dialog: Where is he?
61) 5) dialog: Come here.
62) 3) dialog: Tell me where he is!
62) 5) dialog: Don't give me that shit. I HEARD him! He drags her toward the kitchen, pulls out a drawer, too CLATTER, cutlery spills everywhere.
62) 7) dialog: (crazy) Shhhhhhhbhhh... Miles cocks an ear, listens for a crazy beat then impulsi moves the cutlery aside with his bare foot, bends down an picks up a butcher knife.
62) 8) dialog: I'll kill his ass! Come on! 89
63) 0) text: Miles straightens up, moves into the room, cutting throug the people, headed in Harper’s direction. He cuts back against the grain, calculating a pursuit angle on the fly that he can... what?! "So What" '64 on the TRACK. In the aisle of the bleachers Walter leans across Junior, speaks quietly to Harper. Har covers but he's seething. Junior, wedged between the men, looks sick to his stomach at the news he’s hearing.
64) 0) text: "So What" '64 on the TRACK. Miles kicks open a door.
64) 1) dialog: 
64) 4) dialog: What?! Where?!
64) 7) dialog: Muthafucka...! Go upstairs and wait for me.
64) 9) dialog: Mutha-fucka... Miles crazy lopes to the door. Frances turns and runs.
65) 9) dialog: Grab my shit! Junior runs back up and grabs the valise swimming through crowd now in full frenzy. Dave helps Miles to his feet. IN THE RING/JAPAN, Miles finishes his solo, winded, spent alive, the man, the great white hope laid out on his back beneath him, vanilla Sonny Liston, Ali/Miles standing ove him.
66) 0) text: Miles, Dave and Junior burst out the door into the hallwa moving fast, Miles clutching his tape like a father reuni with his lost child. In a surreal moment, '79 Miles passes '64 Miles chasing a Frances, running in the opposite direction... he looks ba '64 Miles isn't there, swallowed up by the crowd... Miles, Dave, and Junior fling open the side door into the night -
67) 0) text: Frances bursts through the front door and into the New Yo night, Gone, Gone, Gone... Miles hobbles back up the stairs, screams for all he's wo
67) 1) dialog: Frances! FRANCES!!! "So What" ‘64 - done. 93
68) 10) dialog: (almost a whisper) No. Take me home. Junior checks him out, bleeding caked over now. Dave nods tugs on the wheel. Miles stares off as we PUSH IN. Somewhere, a phone rings.
68) 12) dialog: You thought I wouldn't find you? (silence) If you make me come out there, the only thing left is gonna be bullets. (beat) You hear me?
68) 14) dialog: I'll... I'll kill myself, Frances. I swear to God. (breathing, then) Frances- - I love you...
69) 0) text: Miles enters first, Junior holding the crook of his arm, trailing slightly.
71) 0) text: Dave returns with the stuff finding Miles sitting at his station, full concentration, Junior behind him. Dave sidl in next to Junior. They listen, waiting to hear something resembling music. But it's just disorganized noise so far conversations about music, stops and starts, flirtations concepts but nothing concrete. Dave looks at Junior - "Am I missing something?" Junior's look - "Give it a minute." Miles fast forwards the tape but even at it's sped up tem we can tell he's not running over music. He hits stop. Pl Listens. It's more of the same.
71) 2) dialog: I'm already in there.
71) 4) dialog: I played organ... Jesus Christ... Dave squints at Junior - "This is it?" Ju looks at his shoes, crushed, witnessing his hero falter. sighs. Hearing the sound, Miles snaps his head around, sees Dave shock, but worse; Junior's look of pity. Pity; Miles Achi heel. Miles stands up, goes to his trumpet case, pops it open. perks up. Miles Davis' first notes after five years? An incredible moment about to unfold. But Junior is unchange horn player knows... Miles returns to his station, spreads out his musical scr He pulls out his mouthpiece, pops it on, holds open the s valve and blows through the dormant instrument. No spit, mist, just dank air. Miles licks his lips, the mouthpiece takes a deep breath... and blows... Nothing. The labored, ragged sound of an atrophied embouc after a five year lay off. He tries to play it off, let's a dark chuckle.
71) 5) dialog: Damn... 96 Miles licks his lips and blows again gets the same result Not funny. Junior looks like he might cry. Miles get piss now, tries to overpower the instrument, blows hard, manag to coax out a squeak. Then silence except for the musical mish mash playing in the background.
71) 9) dialog: Bye bye. Miles flops down onto the couch. Done. Dave starts chuckl darkly - Junior stares at the baggie in his hand, contemplating. H sits down in front of the spinning reel and the gibberish poring out of the speakers. Miles looks over, finds a half drunk bottle of booze, wip the top of it with his sleeve and then takes it to the he Finshing it off, he let’s out a deep sigh. Dave can’t bel what he’s looking at.
71) 12) text: (to Miles) Going back in your hole, huh? Guess I should've expected that. It’s a good thing I came prepared. You mind? 97 Dave pulls out his camera. Snaps a shot. Miles squints, finally looks back at him.
71) 19) dialog: What is that?
71) 21) dialog: That's not in there...
71) 23) dialog: Ok -
71) 25) dialog: Why don't you change that 2nd chord from f# major to f minor 7?
71) 27) dialog: Yeah yeah...start over start over... They play a bit more together...
71) 28) dialog: Yeah yeah ...see what I'm sayin? Gives it a lil color.. 99
71) 37) dialog: Don't tell ‘em nothin'. Let ‘em guess.
71) 39) dialog: They like it. I'm cool. 100 INT. MILES’ HOUSE - NIGHT Miles and Junior at the piano. Dave watching. Tableau. Th tableau then goes away - Dali-esque transition - becoming Miles in the interview chair. The wraparound. Trumpet lea Miles’ lips. A beat then.
71) 41) dialog: Something clicked.
71) 43) dialog: (over his shoulder) Keep rolling... Dave enters frame, turns to the camera, shrugs; “Is he fucking serious?” Dave calls out to Miles.
72) 0) text: The stage. The band comes on - Gary Clark Jr. Esperanza Spaulding, Wayne Shorter, Herbie Hancock... Miles jumps it all off, stepping up to the mic and firing run, looking good now, strong, back. The band locks in an they begin to run the voodoo down, no one leading, everyo following, searching for all that is said and unsaid, the particles that make up the fabric of life itself.