20) 26) dialog: Told you.
22) 11) dialog: Chick over there said Miles was with him.
22) 20) dialog: ...the fuck outta here... 46 Dave backs away.
22) 22) dialog: Fucking clown. Harper turns to speak to Junior, Dave takes the opportuni to quickly unlock the basement door and rush inside.
49) 1) dialog: Yeah.
51) 1) dialog: Boy’s got a glass jaw, Harper, I’m telling you. K.O. round 3.
52) 0) text: The place is the low rent version of Miles' home recordin studio. Photos of Harper with music stars, fighters, movi stars, framed on the wall. Miles’ tape in the valise is o the console behind Harper’s desk. Walter sits in a chair. "Go Ahead John" plays on the radio, Miles Davis Marathon. Before Walter can react Miles has his gun pointed 6 inche from his head. Everyone knows the score. Harper, dressed the nines, looks at Junior, the turncoat.
52) 5) dialog: Fucking Larry and Moe...
54) 1) dialog: (referring to Junior, low) Your boy here got us fucked up a little bit... Harper's hand flies out to side, grabs the desk lamp LIGH BULB, and squeezes the hot glass into his palm - then wri the life out of the lamp. Junior’s like “shit” that could me. Harper turns back his visage is calm.
55) 7) dialog: C’mere, Miles. Let me talk to you a second. Miles and Dave sees the glint of Walter’s gun barrel. Mil pulls out his gun -
55) 27) text: 84 Miles and Dave scramble out of the car as the Towncar bea down on them. Miles clutches his valise, shooting at the oncoming car - Walter swerves. Dave and Miles head into a ALLEY... The Towncar screeches to a stop near the Jaguar. Walter j out, gun drawn -
56) 0) text: Miles trips, drops the briefcase, the tape and staff pape spill out. The tape in the can rolls away - Miles tries t for it, Dave drags him to safety behind a dumpster, Miles grasping helplessly at the air, at the papers flying away THEIR POVS behind the dumpster (Miles struggling to break free of Dave) - Walter snatches up the tape and the valis
57) 1) text: 85 Harper reaches back toward Walter, snaps - Walter puts tw fight passes in his hand - holding out the passes to Mile
63) 0) text: Miles straightens up, moves into the room, cutting throug the people, headed in Harper’s direction. He cuts back against the grain, calculating a pursuit angle on the fly that he can... what?! "So What" '64 on the TRACK. In the aisle of the bleachers Walter leans across Junior, speaks quietly to Harper. Har covers but he's seething. Junior, wedged between the men, looks sick to his stomach at the news he’s hearing.
63) 2) dialog: Cops? (Walter shakes his head, “No.") He shot at me first, Harp. Self defense. And like you said, ain't really his music anyway. Harper looks down at the valise in Walter's hands.
63) 3) dialog: He’1ll stay down. He knows what’s up. Harper looks slightly nervous, scans the surroundings a b
65) 0) text: ANGLE: Harper quietly, intensely digging into Walter's as
65) 4) dialog: He’s got a gun, man.
65) 8) dialog: Harp! Patrons scream, run off in all directions just as Dave arrives, swinging the stand-up ashtray into Walter's jaw, putting him down. Miles yells to Junior, points -