9) 0) text: Frank enters, walking pa of bodies on the floor, past outlines of scatter Covered bodies lie in va room. Photographers are pictures they take is of posing. Other police se: MAN NORDBERG sees someth out an evidence bag and pair of tweezers. An Or st a few typical chalk outlines including an Egyptian, then ed limbs, arms, legs, etc. rious positions about the taking photos. One of the several officers in a group, arch for clues. PLAINCLOTHES- ing on the carpet. He takes icks up the lint fiber with a ental Policeman next to hima uses chopsticks to do the same. Prank approaches. Bloodstains, Nordberg? (CONTINUED)
9) 4) dialog: No, the wife and I are redecorating. I thought this might look real nice ‘with beige wallpaper. CAPTAIN ED HOCKEN is assisting D.C. Police at the busy scene. He sees Frank.
9) 7) dialog: Captain, they've finished searching the building. There's no sign of a break-in, and no money missing. -- Frank casually looks up.
9) 11) dialog: .e. but it sure was one hell of an explosion. Looks like they were trying to get machine. into the Pepsi Ed is looking on as another body is covered up in front of him and wheeled away. taller than Ed. Frank seems to be a bit (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: A tense moment. Some drug-crazed MANIAC has broken from his handcuffs. Which we see dangling from one wrist. He has a police revolver pointed at the room. Ed, Nordberg, and the others have their hands in the air.
18) 26) dialog: I saw Kid Minneapolis fight once... in Cincinnati.
18) 29) dialog: Oh, yeah, from Dakota. I can't remember if it was North or South.
19) 0) text: Prank, Bd and Nordberg pull up in front of it.
21) 0) text: Frank, EA and Nordberg exit the car. Frank spots a red van parked in the alley.
21) 5) dialog: No problea. As Frank and Ed EXIT FRAME, Nordberg takes a bugging device and a mechanic's dolly from the trunk of the car. --
23) 0) text: Nordberg dolly. slides under the red van on the mechanic's
25) 2) dialog: riding along under the van. Oil, soot, SPARKS, and now exhaust making his life miserable. 120 122 122 123 124 thru 128 129
26) 1) text: MNordberg's bugging device is right on the money.
26) 4) dialog: underneath. Being bopped around.
27) 1) dialog: with one last tug, frees his sleeve from the muffler.
28) 0) text: Nordberg slides out from under the van, unfortunately at the top of a steep incline. He starts rolling back- ward, picking up speed. INT. FRANK'S CAR 129¢ Prank looks intently at the radar screen. The blips are converging.
29) 0) text: Nordberg slides under the back, feet first. ,
29) 1) dialog: underneath. His sleeve has snagged on the oil pan.
31) 0) text: It PEELS out down the street, Nordberg's feet sticking out the front like a snowplow. .
31) 1) dialog: Noooco...
32) 1) text: Frank and Ed drive up and SCREECH to an abrupt halt, whipping Nordberg out from under the car and down the street. He slides under a passing Greyhound bus.
32) 2) dialog: underneath bus, snagged immediately, of course. EXT. BUS 131¢c It pulls away, its destination sign reads: "Detroit." Nordberg's feet, sticking out the back, are engulfed in diesel exhaust.
69) 17) text: Nordberg?
69) 18) dialog: is bent over the side of the boat.
69) 20) dialog: No, I'm just throwing up, sir. Nordberg joins thea.
74) 0) text: Nordberg, in a utility company outfit, is wearing a gmail headset and mike, not unlike utility company operators wear. He backs up the van. *
78) 9) dialog: 
78) 10) text: Pour, three, two, one, zero. Nordberg cuts what he believes to be the right wire; it's his harness. He ends up hanging upside-down his cleats, his jacket flung down over his head like a straitjacket. His headset falls off of his head. (continuing) Help! INSERT - DANGLING HEADSET “248
80) 0) text: The doors BANGING against the power pole. Yes, * Nordberg has backed the van right up against the pole! * Ha *
82) 31) text: Uh, Bd. Ed. Ed? We hear painful GROANS as Prank winces with every vicious punch. ANGLE - NORDBERG _ 2ssL wincing also.
86) 0) text: he Power Company van pulls up. Frank, Ed, Nordberg, and Meinheimer exit the van.
88) 0) text: Frank, Ed, Nordberg and Meinheimer step out of the | elevator. They're all dressed in ridiculous-looking mariachi outfits; tight pants, short bolero jackets with sequins, huge sombreros and monster-sized guitars. They all sport drawn-on, pencil-thin moustaches.
96) 5) dialog: amazed at the sight, rushes forward.
96) 6) dialog: God! He can walk! It's a rtacle! He can walk!
96) 14) text: Get offa me, you moron! He shoves Nordberg aside and bolts offstage.
98) 30) dialog: BULLETS ZING around him. He jams a clip into his 9mm pistol. Clips on infrared scope. Then a longer barrel...
98) 36) dialog: attaching more stuff to the pistol. It now resembles an M-60 with an ammo belt threaded through. He's starting to mount it on a huge turret.
98) 44) text: Nordberg, in World War II helmet, is mounted on what now looks like a World War II cannon with crank-style turret and spider's web sight.
100) 26) dialog: in overhead grid, holding on to rigging rope, poised to swing down.
100) 27) dialog: Not so fast! Yawww! Good idea. Buta bad ain. Nordberg swoops Tarzan- style right between Frank and Hapsburg. There is a resounding THUD as he slams into the back wall. He sticks there for a beat. Then slowly slides down the wall. The diversion works. Frank knocks the gun out of Hapsburg's hand and a fight ensues. Exciting FIGHT MUSIC underscores this knock-down and dragged-out punch-out.