9) 28) text: Not that bad, Frank. That's her over there with our sketch artist. Frank looks up to where Ed has pointed.
13) 32) text: Jane is seated at a table. The candlelight casting a warm, romantic glow on her face.
16) 0) text: Seated around a table are representatives from S.M.O.K.E., S.P.I.L. and K-A.B.0.0.M! The same group we saw at the White House, but now with various aides present. The place is in an uproar.
18) 0) text: A tense moment. Some drug-crazed MANIAC has broken from his handcuffs. Which we see dangling from one wrist. He has a police revolver pointed at the room. Ed, Nordberg, and the others have their hands in the air.
18) 9) dialog: We weren't able to get any clean fingerprints, Frank, but we aia find footprints outside the Research Institute. We made: plaster casts out of then. Ted shows Frank and Ed the footprint.
18) 10) dialog: (continuing) A size 9% D. We're running a trace on it now. He produces another much bigger plaster footprint.
18) 11) dialog: (continuing) But even more interesting, Frank... we also found this single dinosaur footprint. A major find from the Paleolithic period. Frank is impressed. (CONTINUED)
18) 14) dialog: Yes. About twenty feet down from that spot we discovered ancient timbers which we believe may be part of Noah's Ark!
18) 16) dialog: I'll be departing tomorrow for Boston, where I'll be delivering a major address to the American Archaeological Society. And I'm pooked on "Geraldo" next week!
18) 18) dialog: No. My wife is a transsexual Satan worshipper. ’ Prank ponders this.
18) 19) dialog: : (continuing) But, meanwhile, we'll be continuing fingerprint analysis, fiber checks, DNA breakdown, hair samples, then using the microscopic dirt particles on this footprint, it's a matter of getting a geological breakdown of the entire city.
18) 21) dialog: Then maybe this will help. We found his wallet on the curb outside the Institute. He hands it to Frank. 35. 100 36.
35) 0) text: Frank's battering ram rumbles up to the house. It stops at the front door. A mechanical arm comes out of it. At the end is a pointed finger. It rings the DOORBELL.
46) 0) text: Hapsburg, seated at his desk, is writing a check. He hands it to a gentleman seated across from him. They both rise.
49) 1) text: ... And for a man confined to a wheelchair, he seems to get around marvelously. Behind them, we see (Fake) Meinheimer in wheelchair catapulted out of the second floor balcony in a high, graceful trajectory on his way to God knows where.
66) 0) text: Frank catches up to the fleeing Savage with a flying tackle. The elevator doors open, revealing an elderly lady with a poodle. Frank and Savage end up on the ground with their heads: between the elevator doors, which keep jamming closed on their heads. The poodle yaps annoyingly at their heads. They both get up, a little woozy. Savage chokes Frank up against the wall with one hand and pulls a gun with the other. In desperation, Frank grabs a nearby fire hose, from a typical wall-mounted box. Frank manages to shove the hose nozzle into his attacker's mouth. Savage keeps up his attack. Frank turns on the water. Holds the nozzle in Savage's mouth. Savage immediately lets go of Frank. His cheeks bulging out with water. They look like two water balloons. Then his stomach begins to fill up. Frank sees the man has had enough. But he's shoved the hose too far down Savage's throat. He can't yank it out. Frank quickly goes to turn the water off. But the handle comes off in his hand, "Oh, oh." Savage continues filling with water. (CONTINUED)
70) 0) text: Hapsburg, along with Fenzwick, Baggett and Dunnwell, are seated around a table, intently watching a tele- vision monitor. 227
73) 0) text: Ea is seated at & receiving set with four S.W.A.T. team members.
98) 44) text: Nordberg, in World War II helmet, is mounted on what now looks like a World War II cannon with crank-style turret and spider's web sight.
103) 0) text: Frank and Jane exit the church. They are immediately pelted by confetti and rice cakes, thrown by the joyous throng, including Ed and other Police Squaders. They * ake their way to the waiting electric car, a *Just * Married" sign on the trunk. *