22) 0) text: The President enters. The Joint Chiefs are there, as are heads of the CIA, FBI and HOMELAND SECURITY. The most intimidating by far is five-star ADMIRAL PORTER. Violet i one of a group seated in chairs against the wall, taking notes. The PRESS SECRETARY walks beside Cooper as he make his way to the head of the table.
22) 5) dialog: Nonsense! I suspect a North Korean black ops sideshow.
22) 9) dialog: Well then let’s blow Galaga to hell. Who’s Galaga?
24) 2) dialog: Except North Korea!
24) 4) dialog: So we should blow up Google!
24) 6) dialog: Who is this person?!
24) 28) dialog: I’m sorry, is this a National Security Council meeting or a dorm room drug party? Our nation has been attacked by an unknown military force, and we must respond swiftly and decisively. If it got out to the press that we were pinning the blame on an old contuter game, they wouldn’t just * mock you on the news, Mr. President: they’d impeach you! So I * suggest the man in the orange shorts leave the room immediately, so those of us with long pants and government positions can discuss our options! All eyes turn to the President.
28) 53) dialog: Men, you've served this nation with distinction in combat zones in every nook and cranny of this god- forsaken world, defeating every enemy they’ve thrown at you. And now, you are going to face, and I can’t believe I’m saying this, aliens from outer space. The SEALS look at each other, roll their eyes. Brenner spots Matty in the back of the crowd (with his bookbag), and nudges Violet.
28) 57) dialog: Now these aliens, probably for their own sick amusement, are going to attack us in the form of “video games”. So, to help us develop defense strategies and counter- tactics, the President has brought in - and I really can’t believe I’m saying this - these two civilian “arcaders,” who we are now required to listen to for 120 seconds. Admiral Porter stalks off. Brenner and Ludlow (extremely nervous) step forward, to a silent reaction (except for Matty, who smiles excitedly).
34) 2) dialog: These ray guns gonna work, Kelly?
34) 4) dialog: Reasonable degree?! You're sending my men into battle with untested ordinance?!
34) 6) dialog: Remember who you're speaking to, Lieutenant! The gruff SAS Officer calls out.
79) 48) dialog: What did you do? Numbered Script (04/17/2014) 78.
79) 50) dialog: You thought wrong, civilian! We wasted our one chance on you, a hi- fi repairman! You were given every available resource, and still you fumbled!
79) 52) dialog: But nothing! You heard Hall and Oates: you blew it! I’ve seen your file: you’ve never accomplished a damn thing in your life! And your streak continues!
79) 56) dialog: I think we need to forget the light sabers and the Vulcan death grips and focus on a conventional military response.
79) 58) dialog: No, Lieutenant, nothing you’ve done has worked. (MORE )
79) 60) dialog: Sometimes I wonder if you’re not working for the Martians yourself.
79) 62) dialog: Consider yourself relieved of your command! (turns to Cooper) Mr. President, we need to prepare our entire nuclear arsenal...