4) 20) text: -Brenner plays BREAKOUT zen-cool as slo-mo Cooper cheers on. -Ludlow is sweating profusely playing GALAGA. His mother next to him, holding up a Yoo-Hoo for him to sip from. -Eddie is kissing one of the Cyber Girlz as he annihilate PAC MAN. He lowers his sunglasses over his eyes, then rea starts kicking ass. *
4) 29) dialog: YEAH!!! Fire Blaster is the WORLD
4) 35) dialog: HE CAN SUCK IT! And YOU CAN SUCK
52) 0) text: Cooper, Brenner and Violet are led into the prison by the WARDEN. Violet now opens up the vet file on EDDIE PLANT.
53) 0) text: The Warden leads Brenner and Violet into a room. Adult ED PLANT is here. He wears a goatee, a mullet and a few tatt When Brenner walks in, Eddie acts mock-terrified. Numbered Script (04/17/2014) 53.
53) 1) dialog: Warden, get me outta here! It’s that mean centipede killer! I hope he don’t zap me with his space gun!
53) 3) dialog: S'up, Second Place. And your sidekick, he really made something of hisself. (before he can say thanks) I didn’t know you could have an approval rating that “catatastrophic”. I think the warden in here is more popular than you.
53) 5) dialog: (sits back smugly) Pass.
53) 7) dialog: That deal doesn’t work for Eddie Plant. If you want the Fire Blaster’s help, he has some demands.
53) 9) dialog: Me! That’s my nickname!
53) 11) dialog: Who cares who came up with it?! It’s totally tubular! Look I’ve been watching the news. I know what’s going on out there. And I further know that he despises my white ass-
53) 13) dialog: So you wouldn’t be here unless you really really needed my help. Which gets me back to my original point: I have some demands.
53) 15) dialog: I want an island.
53) 17) dialog: There are 18,617 named islands that are part of the United States and its territories! Not to mention all the countless unnamed ones.
53) 19) dialog: Then I want a full pardon. I want to get out of here for good. And after I do I want to pay no more taxes like forever. Like if technology improves and I live forever I want to pay no taxes, for-ev-er! Not even sales tax, if I buy some for instance gum, I want a card that says I saved the world and I don’t have to pay no shitballs taxes on gum. I want one of those Stealth Attack Helicopters that they fly over the Super Bowl-- at my disposal at all times to fly my white ass around. If the world is still here I don’t want to have to deal with traffic anymore. And lastly I want you to set up a rendezvous with me, Taylor Swift and Jamie Lee Curtis in the Lincoln Bedroom. Cooper stands and walks out. Brenner goes after him.
53) 28) dialog: -.-And the Swift/Lee Curtis sandwich?
53) 30) dialog: Jamie Lee Curtis. And we are closed. Eddie smiles and puts out his cuffed hand to shake Cooper Violet's phone rings. She answers, nods, then hangs up.
53) 34) dialog: 
55) 2) dialog: Hello Big Apple, the cavalry has arrived! The POLICE COMMISSIONER walks over.
55) 14) dialog: (fired up) All right let’s get those lasergun- deals and blast this bodyless eating machine back to whatever planet it came from so I can get my pardon.
55) 16) dialog: Okay. So where do we get us some ghosts?
56) 7) dialog: I made your game my bitch!
58) 6) dialog: I love being Clyde. Clyde’s cool. Clyde’s for real.
59) 2) dialog: Look at the size of that thing! It looks like Barry Bonds’ head!
59) 13) dialog: Alright losers, three on one, let’s hit it! THE THREE REMAINING GHOST-COOPERS HAUL ASS and TAKE OFF A PACMAN.
62) 2) dialog: Pac Man’s always been faster than the ghosts. We’re gonna have to out maneuver his ass. Wonder Fro - you and Brenner break off. I’1l stay with Big Yellow. In their cars, Brenner and Ludlow TURN OFF in a different direction. Eddie is in HOT PURSUIT. WE SEE Eddie lower his sunglasses. INT. MANHATTAN —- STAGING AREA - NIGHT 80 Violet looks at the SATELLITE FOOTAGE AND MAPS OF THE STREETS. We see Eddie’s car CHASING after Pacman on the screen, while Ludlow and Brenner's cars move into positio flank him. With THE GRID OF THE CITY AND HIM EATING THE S CARS IN HIS PATH IT REALLY DOES LOOK LIKE THE GAME.
62) 7) dialog: Cause I’m the champ, sugar buns! Ludlow, turn right at the next intersection; Brenner, turn left and then he’s cheese.
63) 0) text: Pacman continues CHOMPING his way through traffic. Eddie now zooming toward him. Pac Man tries to double back, but BRENNER AND LUDLOW’S CA
64) 0) text: Brenner, Ludlow and Eddie are back in pursuit of Pacman. INT. MANHATTAN —- STAGING AREA - NIGHT 84
69) 6) dialog: You just got fireblasted, sucker! Ludlow sighs, then PASSES OUT on the ground. INT. MANHATTAN —- STAGING AREA - NIGHT 90 Violet looks at the command map, confused.
70) 2) dialog: Cake. They spot Pac Man moving away at the far end of a long av They shift their GhostCoopers into high gear and speed af side by side. But then Eddie really floors it and zooms a
70) 3) dialog: YOU DON’T MESS WITH THE *
70) 5) dialog: The Fireblaster can’t swim! * INT. MANHATTAN —- STAGING AREA - NIGHT 92 *
77) 0) text: Brenner gets out of the Cooper and sees the people of New cheering. A JEEP pulls up, and a wet Eddie Plant in a rob gets out.
77) 1) dialog: You’re pretty good, Brenner. Not as good as me, but pretty good. They shake hands. As Brenner and Eddie are being mobbed by well-wishers, Lu emerges from the crowd with something hidden under a blan
77) 4) dialog: Can I kill it? Q-Bert makes an extra-sad face.
77) 40) dialog: 
78) 11) dialog: Well looky here, a big party to thank me for saving the world! And you get to stand next to me all night. How does that feel?
79) 13) text: 113pt2 113pt3 Numbered Script (04/17/2014) LUDLOW’S MOM (CONT'D) You're still the same good boy you always were. When they say that nonsense on the news, about how you make bad decisions and you’re maybe a little slow and a coward and too unattractive for such a pretty wife, I just say, “I'd like to see you do better, Mr. News Man.” You gonna finish that shrimp? On the cocktail plate Cooper is holding, among several 75. discarded shrimp tails, is one shrimp with a bite taken o Cooper hands it to Ludlow’s Mom. AT THE BAR, Eddie is chatting up Jamie Lee Curtis, the Secret Service Agent hovering nearby.
79) 14) dialog: People talk about Brenner this and Brenner that, but make no mistake: the Fire Blaster’s the leader of this crew--
79) 16) dialog: Me, Jamie Lee! You know, Fire Blaster’s been in prison for 8 years. Haven't been with a woman since ‘05. You’re in for a real treat tonight.
79) 18) dialog: Alright. (to himself) Shoulda gone with Swift. At least I woulda got a song written about what a tool I is.
79) 23) text: Numbered Script (04/17/2014) 76. QUICK CUT TO Eddie, dancing sexy to impress Jamie Lee Cur
80) 2) dialog: Uh, yeah. Jamie Lee is all over my jock, but it’s kind of turning me off - you know, needy actresses - so I just thought I’d--
80) 4) dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking about, kid. Matty puts on sunglasses. Eddie’s sunglasses.
80) 13) text: Numbered Script (04/17/2014) 80. Eddie walks back toward them as he speaks, getting emotio
80) 14) dialog: Okay, it was me... I used cheat codes back in the day to help me dominate. So I figured, why not use ‘em when we fought Pac-Man in New York - and it worked! I zipped across half the city in no time!
80) 16) dialog: I didn’t know! I wanted to win! (points to Iwakani) Why’d you have to make the game so hard? Why?!
88) 2) dialog: And I couldn’t even get a handshake offa Sigourney Weaver! Ludlow LOOKS UP to see EDDIE PLANT standing there.
88) 4) dialog: I caused this, I gotta help make it right. (a beat) Can a brother get a gun, please? Ludlow tosses Eddie one of his light cannons. Eddie BLAST two nearby OSTRICHS from JOUST who are chasing a lady wit stroller.
88) 7) dialog: Yeah. Don’t tell anybody. Gonna introduce me to your girlfriend?
90) 0) text: Eddie, Ludlow and Lady Lisa are being CONFRONTED BY SEVER ARCADE GAME CREATURES coming down from the sky. Eddie fir back at them as he goes.
90) 1) dialog: TELL HIM WHATEVER HE’S DOING TO
91) 0) text: (Intercutting with Eddie on DC Streets)
91) 4) dialog: 
91) 7) dialog: Calm down, Eddie!
91) 8) dialog: Who was that? Was that me? That sounded like me! The three Alien kids laugh.
92) 1) dialog: We won. NO MORE TAXES! But Ludlow is CRUSHED.
93) 5) dialog: I can’t believe I did it! I mean, we did it! I mean, you did it!
93) 7) dialog: Look, I just wanted to say I’m sorry I cheated back when we were kids, and also for cheating again more recently. I don’t have to go back to prison, do I?
93) 9) dialog: No! He reconsiders, then turns to Brenner.
93) 10) dialog: Brenner... you... you’re the best. In the world.
93) 14) dialog: Lady Lisa. When you guys saved the world... You kinda’ destroyed his.
94) 0) text: Brenner, Eddie, Ludlow, Violet and Matty are watching Coo finish his speech.
95) 0) text: Standing in a second floor window, dressed in a negligee, by candlelight, is Jamie Lee Curtis. She gives a flirty w a sexy smile, to Eddie.
96) 0) text: Eddie smiles, touched, a bit excited. He moves forward, toward the White House. A hand stops him in his tracks. E looks up. It’s TAYLOR SWIFT. Standing directly in front of him.