1) 0) text: Spinning merrily.  Loud CALLIOPE MUSIC.  Young kids and teenagers occupy the horses and benches.  A tough group of "SURF NAZIS" also ride.  "My Beach, My Wave" on their T-shirts. The LOST BOYS enter the carousel house.  Cool kids in dis tinctive dress.  Compelling; not threatening.  They are DAVID, MARKO, PAUL, DWAYNE; David the obvious leader. GREG, the head Surf Nazi, sits in one of the carousel's benches with his arm around his girl, SHELLY.  He thinks he's King of the Boardwalk.. And doesn't like it one bit when Shelly casts an appreciative glance toward David. David smiles back at her.  Not flirting, just being chi- valrous.  Greg scowls and takes his anger out on Paul by tripping him as he goes by.  An insult... a shove.  David joins Paul.  Surf Nazis join Greg.  The Lost Boys close ranks.  A major melee seems ready to erupt, when the ugly end of a nightstick is shoved against his Adam's apple. A three hundred pound security GUARD is at the other end. The ride suddenly ends.  CALLIOPE MUSIC STOPS.
1) 2) text: For an endless moment David's and the Guard's eyes lock in mortal combat.  Neither one willing to give ground. Then David smiles.
1) 3) dialog: Come on, let's pull.
14) 5) text: David and the Lost Boys watch Lucy and the child.  Max is delighted to see Lucy in his store.
14) 11) text: She smiles as the Lost Boys shuffle past heading for the door.  Max speaks to David.
14) 13) text: David smiles his smile and leaves with his guys.  Max sees Lucy watching him.
14) 15) text: Outside David and the guys get on their bitchin' bikes and peel out.
19) 0) text: Michael rounds the turn and stops short. Star and Laddie are surrounded by the Lost Boys.  Michael feels upstaged.  The Lost Boys look his way -- but there is nothing threatening in their expressions. They all have motorcycles.  They climb on and GUN their engines.  Star climbs on behind David, putting her arms around him. They ROAR away.  Michael is left standing alone.  Star smiles as she disappears into the night.
26) 0) text: As Michael and Star approach Michael's Honda, the Lost Boys arrive on their motorcycles.  Laddie sits behind Paul.  David is astride a THROBBING TRIUMPH.  Michael looks uneasy; out-classed and out-numbered.
26) 1) dialog: (to Star) Where you going?
26) 3) dialog: (glancing at Michael) With him?
26) 5) text: David GUNS his engine, then lets it REV BACK DOWN.
26) 6) dialog: (to Michael) I'm David. (indicates the others) Paul... Dwayne... Marko.
26) 12) dialog: Honda 250, huh?
26) 14) dialog: C'mon, Star.  Climb on.
26) 16) text: She gives Michael an apologetic look, then climbs onto the motorcycle behind David.
26) 17) dialog: Know where Hudson's Bluff is? Overlooking the point?
26) 18) text: David again GUNS his ENGINE and Michael gets his meaning.
26) 20) dialog: You don't have to beat me, Michael. (pause) Just try to keep up.
30) 0) text: David and the others thread their way between the pilings at breakneck speed -- executing turns and avoiding col- lisions in a way that doesn't seem possible.
32) 2) dialog: (shouting above the noise of the WIND and the MOTORS Now we race!!
32) 3) text: David smiles -- and speeds ahead.  Michael takes off after him.
33) 0) text: David's Triumph streaks across the flat surface of the bluff.  Michael is not far behind.
33) 2) dialog: ROARS toward the abyss, seemingly heedless of the peril that lies before him.
33) 4) dialog: BRAKES!  The tires lock and the TRIUMPH SKIDS to a stop.
33) 8) dialog: How far you willing to go, Michael?
33) 9) text: A beautiful magic spot.  David, Michael, Star and the others climb down old condemned wooden stairs, passing huge signs on old rusted pilings reading:  "CONDEMNED," "UNSAFE," "UNLAWFUL TO GO PAST THIS POINT."  The group presses on toward a LARGE OPENING IN THE ROCKS.
34) 2) dialog: This was the hottest resort in Santa Carla back about eighty years ago. Too bad they built it right on top of the San Adreas fault. (beat) In 1906, when the big one hit San Francisco, the ground opened up and this place took a header into the crack.
34) 6) dialog: No.  Stick around.
34) 8) dialog: Good idea. (turns) Marko.  We're hungry.
34) 10) dialog: See?  All you gotta do is ask. (lights up a joint) How about an appetizer?
34) 11) text: David takes the first hit, then passes it to Michael. Star seems troubled.
37) 9) dialog: We do what we want, Michael.  We have complete freedom. (beat) Nobody knows about this place... and nobody knows about us.
37) 10) text: Michael is intrigued -- and David sees it.  He steps closer to him.
37) 11) dialog: Freedom, Michael.  No parents. No rules. (smiles) Hell, we're as free as birds.
37) 14) text: David takes the cartons from his hand.
37) 15) dialog: Chinese!  Good choice.
37) 17) dialog: Guests first.
37) 19) dialog: It's only rice.  Don't you like rice?  300 million Chinese people can't be wrong.
37) 20) text: Michael takes the carton warily and David immediately turns his back on him, passing out food to the others. Michael takes a mouthful of rice using the plastic spoon provided.  The others begin to eat as well.
37) 21) dialog: So how do you like those maggots, Michael?
37) 23) dialog: You're eating maggots.  How do they taste?
37) 28) dialog: Sorry, Michael.  No hard feelings, huh? (offers a new carton of food) Here.  Try these noodles.
37) 33) dialog: Worms?...
37) 34) text: David tilts back his head and pours the contents of the carton into his mouth.  The slimy bundle of worms slides slowly across his lips. Michael looks on with a sick expression.  He grabs David's arm.
37) 36) dialog: Why? (beat) They're only noodles.
37) 37) text: David shows Michael the carton again.  And sure enough, they are only noodles.  Michael is baffled.  The boys have a good, long laugh at his expense.
37) 39) text: The laughter dies down as a NEW SONG comes on the radio. It's apparently a favorite of the Lost Boys because the MUSIC is immediately TURNED UP LOUD and all thoughts of Michael seem to be forgotten. Everyone begins to move to the music.  Star encourages Michael to dance with her.  He's feeling the effects of the joint he smoked and his balance is a little off.  His head is spinning. During all this, David has located a bottle of wine.  He pours some into a paper cup and offers it to Michael. Michael is about to drink when Star holds his arm.
47) 13) text: Before she can say anything else he kisses her again. The kiss becomes more passionate -- more intense. SUDDENLY LONG DARK SHADOWS LOOM ACROSS THEM.  They turn to see David, Dwayne, Paul, Marko and Laddie watching.
47) 14) dialog: Not interrupting anything, I hope.
47) 15) text: Michael gets to his feet.  He glares at David.
47) 17) dialog: You're almost one of us now, Michael.
47) 19) dialog: (smiles) Get your bike.  We're going someplace.
47) 21) dialog: Don't worry... she'll be here when you get back.
48) 1) dialog: Perfect time.
48) 2) text: They climb from their motorbikes as David walks onto the trestle.
48) 4) dialog: (smiling) What's goin' on, Marko?
48) 7) dialog: Michael wants to know.
48) 9) dialog: Now you, Michael.
48) 11) dialog: Do it, Michael.  Now!
48) 12) text: Michael summons his courage and climbs down.  David follows him.
48) 14) dialog: Hang on!!
48) 17) dialog: Let go, Michael!  Let go!
48) 19) dialog: Do it!
48) 20) text: David lets go with one hand, clings on with the other.
48) 21) dialog: Do it, Michael!!!
48) 22) text: David lets go.  He drops from sight; vanishing into the fog below.
48) 26) dialog: catches him in his arms.
48) 27) dialog: Almost.
105) 0) text: Michael is looking for Star, but he chances upon the Lost Boys instead.  David has his back to him.  Michael comes up behind him and spins David forcefully around.
105) 2) dialog: Hey, take it easy.
105) 4) dialog: If you ever want to see Star again, then you better come with us.
105) 5) text: David gets on his bike.  Michael is forced to follow.
106) 0) text: The motorbikes pull up and park.  Everyone climbs off and begins to climb the high trees.  David waits to be last. He gestures for Michael to climb.
106) 2) dialog: You're one of us, now -- aren't you?
106) 4) dialog: You'll never see Star again if you're not.
106) 5) text: Michael looks at David for a beat, then begins to climb the tree.  David follows him up.
106) 10) dialog: Hey, dude.  My beach, my wave.
106) 13) dialog: No you know who we are, Michael... and who you are, too.
106) 14) text: David's expression is calm and reassuring.
106) 15) dialog: You'll never grow old and you'll never die. (pause) But you must feed.
106) 16) text: Michael glances in horror toward the direction of the Surf Nazi attack.  David, Paul, Dwayne, and Marko walk off.
122) 6) dialog: You're all dead!  YOU'RE DEAD MEAT!
151) 3) dialog: crashes through another window.  Hovering in the air directly overhead; his back pressed against the ceiling. Sam and Michael react as David SWOOPS down on them -- fangs exposed; claws extended.  The boys leap away, but David's claws rake across Michael's back, tearing his shirt and drawing blood. Marko SMASHES the living room lamps and the room goes dark.  Marko and David -- glowing dimly -- soar around the room like bats. Marko and David enjoy the superiority of the air, but Michael has had enough.  Sensing his own ability to fly, he leaps into the air and speeds toward David. Sam looks astonished... and Marko catches him off-guard. He scoops him up and flies him into the kitchen. Michael's flying is not pretty.  He tumbles awkwardly through the air.  But his aim is good.  He COLLIDES with David in mid-air.  Michael ricochets across the room and David is propelled in a new direction as well. The two of them careen from wall to wall like racquet balls.
154) 0) text: David and Michael continue their aerial dog-fight. Michael looks like he's getting the worst of it. David gets the edge on him.  He comes up under Michael, grabs him by the waist and continues to fly upward until Michael's head BANGS against the ceiling, knocking him unconscious. Michael drops to the floor.
155) 2) text: Sam and Nanook turn away as MARKO EXPLODES O.S. and gooey green slime is splattered over the kitchen. Sam barely has time to savor the thrill of victory before something grabs him by the back of the neck and yanks him into the air. It's David.  He flies out of the kitchen with Sam.
156) 0) text: Michael regains consciousness in time to see David approaching him.
156) 1) dialog: Just you and me now, Michael. One on one.  Fight to the finish.
156) 2) text: Michael gets slowly to his feet, never taking his eyes off David.
156) 3) dialog: It's over, Michael.  You're the only one left.  They're all dead. Sam and Star, too.  All dead.
156) 4) text: Michael doesn't believe him -- but he looks worried. Then, David attacks.  He leaps at Michael... and the fight is on! Michael grabs a wooden hat rack and swings it like a bat.  It connects with David's head, but David is unphased.  Michael swings again and David catches the hat rack, yanks it from Michael's grasp and SNAPS it in two as if it were a twig.  Michael charges. They tumble through the air, fighting fiercely.  CRASHING from one room to the next.
158) 0) text: Michael and David SLAM each other into walls.  Finally, David picks up Michael's chest and propels him back- wards, two feet off the ground, back --
158) 4) dialog: Give up, Michael!  You're one of us.  Don't you understand that? You're one of us!
158) 6) dialog: Don't make me kill you!
160) 0) text: David presses hard against the barbells.  The weights sink into the wall and the bar itself begins to crush Michael's throat.
160) 2) text: David turns to see Star standing behind him.  She holds the pointed, broken hat rack in her hands. David releases his grip on the barbells.  They fall to the floor.  So does Michael -- holding his throat and gasping for air.
160) 3) dialog: You can't kill me, Star.
160) 5) dialog: No, Star.  Put it down.  Put it down.
160) 6) text: Star's resolve begins to crumble.  We realize that she is incapable of killing David.  He begins to approach her.
160) 8) text: David spins in Michael's direction.  Somehow, Michael has summoned up a hidden reserve of strength.  He holds the barbells in his hands.
160) 10) text: He pushes the barbells through the air toward David who catches them instinctively.  But their weight carries him backwards -- directly into the pointed end of the broken hat rack that Star holds.
160) 11) dialog: Ahhhhhh!!
160) 12) text: The hat rack enters his back, pierces his heart, and exits through his chest. David SCREAMS and BELLOWS and pulls out the stake. Light pours from the hole in his body like a brilliant searchlight. Then David flies up and HITS the ceiling -- still HOWLING and YELLING and SPARKING like a Roman candle. Then -- like a balloon losing its air -- he begins to deflate and ROCKET around the room on a wild, spinning flight. Star and Michael duck to avoid being hit. David is heading toward the ceiling.
161) 0) text: Sam, Edgar and Alan have their ears presses to the floor when suddenly, David EXPLODES through the floor only inches away -- and keeps traveling upward, EXPLODING through the bedroom ceiling as well.
162) 0) text: David CRASHES through the roof of the house and disin- tegrates high in the night sky -- like a shooting star.