1) 0) text: Spinning merrily.  Loud CALLIOPE MUSIC.  Young kids and teenagers occupy the horses and benches.  A tough group of "SURF NAZIS" also ride.  "My Beach, My Wave" on their T-shirts. The LOST BOYS enter the carousel house.  Cool kids in dis tinctive dress.  Compelling; not threatening.  They are DAVID, MARKO, PAUL, DWAYNE; David the obvious leader. GREG, the head Surf Nazi, sits in one of the carousel's benches with his arm around his girl, SHELLY.  He thinks he's King of the Boardwalk.. And doesn't like it one bit when Shelly casts an appreciative glance toward David. David smiles back at her.  Not flirting, just being chi- valrous.  Greg scowls and takes his anger out on Paul by tripping him as he goes by.  An insult... a shove.  David joins Paul.  Surf Nazis join Greg.  The Lost Boys close ranks.  A major melee seems ready to erupt, when the ugly end of a nightstick is shoved against his Adam's apple. A three hundred pound security GUARD is at the other end. The ride suddenly ends.  CALLIOPE MUSIC STOPS.
37) 0) text: MUSIC IS PLAYING from a ghetto blaster.  Very loud.  Very hypnotic.  Dwayne makes graceful moves with a skateboard beneath his feet.  Everyone is very mellow; very dreamy.
37) 4) dialog: Right here.
37) 7) dialog: (laughing) What are they?
47) 13) text: Before she can say anything else he kisses her again. The kiss becomes more passionate -- more intense. SUDDENLY LONG DARK SHADOWS LOOM ACROSS THEM.  They turn to see David, Dwayne, Paul, Marko and Laddie watching.
48) 8) text: The Lost Boys laugh.  Michael looks irritated.  He watche as Paul, Marko and Dwayne climb below the trestle, hold on with their hands and allow their bodies to dangle over the fog-shrouded gorge.
106) 16) text: Michael glances in horror toward the direction of the Surf Nazi attack.  David, Paul, Dwayne, and Marko walk off.
145) 1) dialog: EXPLODES from out of the fireplace!  Everyone SCREAMS. Dwayne flies across the room kicking Michael in the face. Michael goes down as Dwayne grabs Sam and lifts him into the air. Star grabs Laddie and rushes him up the stairs to safety. Alan and Edgar swat baseball bats at Dwayne -- Dwayne, mid-air above them, still has Sam by the arm. But Sam uses his free hand to draw his water gun and spray Dwayne in the face. Dwayne falls and CRASHES into the stereo, turning it on. LOUD ROCK MUSIC begins to BLAST.
147) 0) text: The boys hear Star's scream.  The Frogs rush up the stairs.  Dwayne BELLOWS in protest -- and a beam of light shoots out from his mouth.  Sam continues to squirt him in the face.  The water burns his eyes, blinding him. Enraged, Dwayne becomes a disgusting and hideous sight with flashing fangs and purple face.
149) 0) text: Edgar cautiously enters the room -- water gun drawn. The bathroom door opens behind him and Paul quietly steps out.  He looks as horrible and nasty as Dwayne.  His face evil and rotting.  His fingernails long and sharp. Paul bares his fangs.  They are yellow and bloodstained. He is about to sink them into Edgar's neck when Edgar senses his presence and spins around.
149) 5) text: Michael, recovered, releases an arrow.  It WHOOSHES through the air and sinks into Dwayne's throat. Dwayne ROARS in horror and pain.  So loud is his cry that windows SHATTER and light bulbs POP. Then, as if illuminated from within, Dwayne's body begins to glow.  It CRACKLES with electrical energy.  HISSES and FIZZES.  Then vanishes from sight.