17) 0) text: Michael is on Star and Laddie's tail.  He keeps pace with her, walking a safe distance behind.  She becomes aware of him.  She looks over her shoulder -- then suddenly stops.
17) 9) text: Laddie notices the vampire comic.
19) 0) text: Michael rounds the turn and stops short. Star and Laddie are surrounded by the Lost Boys.  Michael feels upstaged.  The Lost Boys look his way -- but there is nothing threatening in their expressions. They all have motorcycles.  They climb on and GUN their engines.  Star climbs on behind David, putting her arms around him. They ROAR away.  Michael is left standing alone.  Star smiles as she disappears into the night.
26) 0) text: As Michael and Star approach Michael's Honda, the Lost Boys arrive on their motorcycles.  Laddie sits behind Paul.  David is astride a THROBBING TRIUMPH.  Michael looks uneasy; out-classed and out-numbered.
26) 7) text: Laddie speaks up, having been passed over.
26) 8) dialog: Hi... I'm Laddie.
47) 13) text: Before she can say anything else he kisses her again. The kiss becomes more passionate -- more intense. SUDDENLY LONG DARK SHADOWS LOOM ACROSS THEM.  They turn to see David, Dwayne, Paul, Marko and Laddie watching.
47) 22) text: Michael hesitates, but is also drawn intensely to be a part of them.  He leaves with the others as they climb over the rocks toward their bikes.  Laddie has remained behind.
47) 23) dialog: I had the dream again about them.
47) 25) dialog: I know it was them, Star.  I'm sure of it.  He was working in the yard -- hammering something.  The yard was big with lots of grass.  There was no boardwalk and no ocean.  She was bringing him something cold to drink... and had red hair. (beat) I was there, too.  And a dog -- but I don't know its name.  I was running and the dog was chasing me. Then I turned around and chased the dog.  They were watching me. Drinking their cold drinks and laughing.  And I was laughing, too.
47) 27) dialog: It was a dream, Star.
47) 31) dialog: No.  Just you.
47) 34) dialog: You like Michael.
47) 36) dialog: (sweet, fearful) You better not like him too much.
93) 7) text: She almost doesn't get the last word out before falling back to sleep.  Michael gets to his feet and staggers away from Star's bed.  He notices Laddie sleeping nearby. But there is no sign of the other Lost Boys.  SONG ENDS.
113) 11) text: Michael glances over to where Laddie is sleeping.  Star's eyes beseech him.  Michael gives in to her wishes.  He begins to wrap Laddie (who doesn't awaken) in a blanket.
114) 0) text: Michael emerges from the cave with a bundled Laddie in his arms.  The sun beats down.  Laddie awakens.  He looks around with uncomprehending eyes.  Michael adjusts the blanket to keep the sun off Laddie's face. Michael staggers up the old stairs.
116) 0) text: Michael arrives at the Chevy with Laddie in his arms.  He opens the back door and places Laddie on the seat.  Laddi remains sound asleep as Michael makes certain that his face is covered and away from the sun. Then, turning away from the car, he heads back toward the cave.  It is obvious that he is becoming extremely exhausted and rapidly losing strength.
125) 0) text: Edgar gets in front next to Michael.  Alan gets in back next to Star and Laddie.  They find it very distasteful to be this close to vampires. Sam turns the ignition and the car FIRES UP.  Hesitates.
129) 0) text: All enter.  Michael carries Star in his arms.  Sam and the Frogs carry Laddie.  As they approach the stairs, Nanook comes racing up to them, BARKING loudly.
130) 0) text: Edgar and Alan watch from the hallway as Michael makes Star and Laddie comfortable on his bed.  Sam comes up the stairs, looks into the bedroom, then turns to the Frogs.
138) 0) text: Michael goes to the window.  It looks as if his strength is returning. He pulls back the curtain and looks out.  He has a commanding view of Santa Carla.  The sun has just dropped below the horizon. Michael turns to Laddie and Star who begin to stir from their resting place on the bed.  Star and Michael exchange an anxious expression.
141) 0) text: Sam, Michael, Edgar, Alan, Star and Laddie are assembled for final instructions.  Sam and the Frogs carry loaded water guns.  Michael has his bow and arrow.
146) 0) text: Star hides Laddie under the bed.  She notices that the bedroom window is not closed.  She moves to close it when it EXPLODES in her face and:
152) 8) dialog: still hiding under the bed is listening to every word the Frogs utter. He begins to transform upon hearing the Frogs' plan. His "human" eyes roll back into his head until his "vampire" eyes -- glowing red slits -- take their place. Laddie opens his mouth and a beam of light shoots out. His fangs begin to descend... POPPING his braces off. Edgar's and Alan's ankles dangle temptingly before him.
152) 16) dialog: RIPS through it!  Bedcovers are shredded and mattress stuffing and springs explode into the air.  Laddie has transformed into the ugliest, meanest little vampire imaginable. Alan and Edgar SCREAM at the top of their lungs and leap away from the bed in terror.  Laddie virtually pulls the mattress apart, climbs away and advances on the Frogs who cower in the corner like the scared children they are. Star rushes in, sees what's happening, and steps between Laddie and the Frogs.
152) 18) text: The Frogs are amazed to see Star fearlessly put her arms around Laddie like a comforting mother and calm him down. And Laddie returns to normal before our astonished eyes.
164) 0) text: Sam, Laddie and the Frogs come down the stairs to see Michael holding Star in his arms. All is silent.  And slowly they realize that they have triumphed.
164) 2) text: Sam notices that Michael, Star and Laddie don't look pleased.
164) 5) text: Star shakes her head, no.  They look at Laddie.  He also shakes his head, no.
166) 10) text: Sam, Michael, the Frogs, Laddie and Star know what Max is talking about, and they react in horror.  But Lucy is still in the dark.
168) 5) text: They look at Laddie.
168) 6) dialog: Me, too!