1) 0) text: Spinning merrily.  Loud CALLIOPE MUSIC.  Young kids and teenagers occupy the horses and benches.  A tough group of "SURF NAZIS" also ride.  "My Beach, My Wave" on their T-shirts. The LOST BOYS enter the carousel house.  Cool kids in dis tinctive dress.  Compelling; not threatening.  They are DAVID, MARKO, PAUL, DWAYNE; David the obvious leader. GREG, the head Surf Nazi, sits in one of the carousel's benches with his arm around his girl, SHELLY.  He thinks he's King of the Boardwalk.. And doesn't like it one bit when Shelly casts an appreciative glance toward David. David smiles back at her.  Not flirting, just being chi- valrous.  Greg scowls and takes his anger out on Paul by tripping him as he goes by.  An insult... a shove.  David joins Paul.  Surf Nazis join Greg.  The Lost Boys close ranks.  A major melee seems ready to erupt, when the ugly end of a nightstick is shoved against his Adam's apple. A three hundred pound security GUARD is at the other end. The ride suddenly ends.  CALLIOPE MUSIC STOPS.
34) 9) text: Marko nods and leaves.
37) 12) text: Marko suddenly arrives bearing cartons of take-out food.
37) 13) dialog: Chow time!
47) 13) text: Before she can say anything else he kisses her again. The kiss becomes more passionate -- more intense. SUDDENLY LONG DARK SHADOWS LOOM ACROSS THEM.  They turn to see David, Dwayne, Paul, Marko and Laddie watching.
48) 5) dialog: I dunno.  What's goin' on, Paul?
48) 8) text: The Lost Boys laugh.  Michael looks irritated.  He watche as Paul, Marko and Dwayne climb below the trestle, hold on with their hands and allow their bodies to dangle over the fog-shrouded gorge.
106) 16) text: Michael glances in horror toward the direction of the Surf Nazi attack.  David, Paul, Dwayne, and Marko walk off.
151) 2) dialog: CRASHES up through the window in front of them, blocking their path.  Michael and Sam leap back. Then, Michael looks up -- just as:
153) 0) text: Marko advances toward Sam.  Nanook GROWLS.  Sam throws anything he can get his hands on:  Plates, toaster, cups, silverware, etc.  They bounce harmlessly off of Marko's head and chest. Marko continues to advance.  Sam grabs the kitchen fire extinguisher and SPRAYS FOAM into Marko's face.  But it doesn't stop him.  Marko's long, serpent's tongue slips out of his mouth and cleans the foam from his face. Marko just keeps coming.  He opens his mouth revealing a blinding beam of light and long, jagged fangs.  He rushes toward Sam who grabs a round wooden napkin ring and JAMS it into Marko's mouth. The ring props Marko's mouth open and offers a convenient opening through which Sam begins to stuff entire garlic cloves.  Marko's eyes blaze.
155) 0) text: As Marko struggles to remove the napkin ring from his mouth, and Nanook bites his ankles -- Sam continues to stuff garlic down Marko's throat. Suddenly, Marko starts to swell up like a balloon.  Get- ting bigger and bigger, until his face nearly disappears into a puffy, purple ball.
155) 2) text: Sam and Nanook turn away as MARKO EXPLODES O.S. and gooey green slime is splattered over the kitchen. Sam barely has time to savor the thrill of victory before something grabs him by the back of the neck and yanks him into the air. It's David.  He flies out of the kitchen with Sam.