5) 0) text: LUCY ANDERSON drives -- late thirties, sexy, warm, com- fortable with herself -- a bit of a free spirit.  SAM, 11, a victim of too many afternoons in shopping malls watching Bratpack movies, sits next to her in his trendy duds, suffering the foreign coastline with his large Malamute dog NANOOK. MICHAEL, in his late teens, slumps in the back seat.  He is a loner, an independent and not enjoying the ride.
5) 11) dialog: Keep going.
5) 13) dialog: Keep going.
5) 15) dialog: Keep going!
7) 5) text: Lucy is disturbed as she notices TWO RUNAWAY TEENAGERS RUMMAGING through a nearby garbage bin for something to eat.  She and Sam are distracted however as they see Michael rolling his HONDA MOTOR BIKE from out of the U-Haul.
7) 6) dialog: I need to stretch my legs.  I'll follow you.
7) 11) text: Sam runs off as Michael starts his prize possession.
7) 13) dialog: For what.
7) 15) text: Michael can't deal with this and just roars his engine.
7) 19) dialog: That's okay, Mom.  I can see it later.  I'll help you unload.
7) 20) text: Lucy seems pleasantly surprised by Michael's display of responsibility.  She and Sam get in the Rover as the Runaways shout to them.
8) 0) text: A long winding road leads to the old lodge-like funky house.  The Land Rover pulls up followed by Michael on his motorbike. GRANDPA, a rugged individualist wearing old denims, Indian moccasins, long grey braid down his back, is a lifeless form on the front porch.  Lucy and sons approach
8) 1) dialog: He looks dead.
8) 3) dialog: He's not breathing, Mom.
8) 6) text: Before Lucy and Michael can belt Sam, Grandpa opens his mischievous eyes.
8) 8) text: Michael and Sam exchange weird looks as Lucy hugs her father.
9) 0) text: Large, lodge-like; funky leather furniture and Indian blankets.  Michael carries in his BARBELLS while Sam struggles with his MAMMOTH COLLECTION OF COMIC BOOKS.
9) 1) dialog: This is kind of a cool place.
9) 3) dialog: Will you give Mom a break?
9) 4) text: Sam follows Michael into the...
9) 7) dialog: Hey, Sam, we're flat broke.
11) 0) text: Sam is stacking his comic book collection on the shelves when Michael enters.
11) 1) dialog: This room is mine.
11) 3) dialog: Okay.  I'll flip you for it.
11) 6) text: Michael smiles, grabs Sam suddenly and "flips" him upside down.  Michael is laughing, but his tone changes dramati- cally when Sam reaches out, grabs hold of Michael's crotc and squeezes hard.  Michael drops Sam.
11) 7) dialog: Owwww!  You little shit!
11) 8) text: Sam is out the door as Michael pursues.
11) 14) dialog: dashes in.  Both boys stare in wonder. The whole scene is very weird.  Suddenly a voice from behind.
12) 2) text: Grandpa closes the door as Michael notices something out the window, as they follow Grandpa back towards the living room.  Michael points to a small marijuana crop growing outside.  Sam is puzzled but Michael make a "smoking a joint" gesture.
13) 0) text: Michael, Sam and Lucy do the dinner dishes together.  The radio is playing.  A HIT FROM THE SIXTIES comes on. "Land Of A Thousand Dances."  Lucy begins to move to the music.  Then she puts down her dish towel and starts to dance.
13) 2) text: Lucy grabs Sam by the hand and pulls him away from the sink.  He copies her.  In fact, he's even more wild. Lucy and Sam are laughing and having a great time.  Lucy and Sam try to include Michael, but he's embarrassed.
13) 4) dialog: You're beautiful.
13) 6) text: They go up the stairs near the bandstand.  A LOUD ROCK GROUP performs.  The crows and action are exciting. Michael and Sam make their way through the young people.. Michael suddenly sees:
15) 0) text: Michael walks briskly past the rides through the crowds. Sam has trouble keeping up as they turn down an alley.
15) 2) dialog: Nowhere.
15) 4) dialog: Don't you have something better to do than follow me around all night?
15) 7) text: With that, Sam walks away from Michael.  And Michael continues his search alone.
17) 0) text: Michael is on Star and Laddie's tail.  He keeps pace with her, walking a safe distance behind.  She becomes aware of him.  She looks over her shoulder -- then suddenly stops.
17) 2) dialog: Well, I...
17) 4) dialog: Well... yeah.  Sure.
17) 6) dialog: I just wanted to... I, uh...
18) 0) text: Michael argues with Lucy as Sam climbs into the Rover.
18) 1) dialog: It's early.  Why do we have to go home?
18) 3) dialog: I'll hitch.
18) 6) dialog: Mom, just give me five more minutes. Just five minutes, okay?
18) 7) text: Lucy nods as Michael dashes off into the crowd.
19) 0) text: Michael rounds the turn and stops short. Star and Laddie are surrounded by the Lost Boys.  Michael feels upstaged.  The Lost Boys look his way -- but there is nothing threatening in their expressions. They all have motorcycles.  They climb on and GUN their engines.  Star climbs on behind David, putting her arms around him. They ROAR away.  Michael is left standing alone.  Star smiles as she disappears into the night.
22) 0) text: Michael carries his board under his arm as Sam drags his behind.
22) 2) dialog: Come on, Sam, you know before there were malls there was 'like the ocean.'
22) 3) text: Michael leans to "master" the art of Surfing. He's very athletic and it doesn't take him too long to get the hang of it. Sam is disaster, however, and settles for watching Michael along with the huge Santa Carla Seals who seem- ingly applaud Michael.  Suddenly he is wiped out, however by Greg and the Surf Nazis who surf right past him.
22) 5) text: Michael wipes out as the Seals applaud.
23) 4) text: Lucy sees Michael and Sam drive up on Michael's Honda. She goes out to meet them.
24) 0) text: Sam leaps off the motorbike.  Michael GUNS the engine.
24) 1) dialog: See you later.
24) 3) dialog: I'll pass.
24) 4) text: With that, Michael peels off.
25) 0) text: Michael is purchasing a BLACK JACKET from the PUNK STORE on the boardwalk.  He likes his reflection.  It's the kind of jacket the Lost Boys would wear.  CAMERA TRAVELS with him as he gets into his new attitude.  He stops near an EAR PIERCING CONCESSION and actually considers it.
25) 2) text: Michael is floored to see Star standing behind him.
25) 3) dialog: Hi...
25) 6) dialog: What's your name?
25) 8) dialog: Oh.  Your folks, too, huh?
25) 10) dialog: Ex-hippies.  My mom was one.   I came this close to being called Moon Child, or Moon Beam or something. (beat) But Star's great.  I like Star.
25) 12) dialog: I'm Michael.
25) 14) text: Michael smiles awkwardly at Star's playfulness.  For a moment they walk in silence.
25) 16) dialog: Sort of.  We used to come here summers when I was kid.  Now we're here on a permanent basis.
25) 17) text: She seems pleased by that news.  Michael gives her a look He can't believe his good fortune.
25) 18) dialog: Are you hungry?  Wanna get something to eat?
26) 0) text: As Michael and Star approach Michael's Honda, the Lost Boys arrive on their motorcycles.  Laddie sits behind Paul.  David is astride a THROBBING TRIUMPH.  Michael looks uneasy; out-classed and out-numbered.
26) 11) dialog: (to Star) We still going?
26) 13) dialog: That's right.
26) 15) dialog: Star?...
26) 16) text: She gives Michael an apologetic look, then climbs onto the motorcycle behind David.
26) 18) text: David again GUNS his ENGINE and Michael gets his meaning.
26) 19) dialog: I can't beat a Triumph.
28) 3) dialog: Cautious.  Worried.  Doing his best to keep up.
29) 1) text: They head for the pier at full speed.  The thick wooden pilings present a hazardous obstacle course.  Michael SKIDS and slows down. The Lost Boys do just the opposite.  They increase their speed as they approach the pilings.
30) 1) dialog: travels through the pilings, trying to keep up.
31) 1) dialog: is the last one to try this.  He's determined not to chicken out.  He speeds up the dune -- flies through the flames -- and hits the beach.  He almost falls -- but immediately rights himself. Star looks back from her position behind David and gives him a smile.  The Lost Boys also favor him with approving looks.
32) 0) text: Michael and the Lost Boys -- silhouetted against the night sky -- speed across the trestle.
32) 3) text: David smiles -- and speeds ahead.  Michael takes off after him.
33) 0) text: David's Triumph streaks across the flat surface of the bluff.  Michael is not far behind.
33) 3) dialog: begins to show fear.  It's as is he's going to shoot off the edge of the world.  He brakes and spins out, nearly losing control of his bike, sliding toward the edge.
33) 6) dialog: slides next to him, slightly over the edge.
33) 9) text: A beautiful magic spot.  David, Michael, Star and the others climb down old condemned wooden stairs, passing huge signs on old rusted pilings reading:  "CONDEMNED," "UNSAFE," "UNLAWFUL TO GO PAST THIS POINT."  The group presses on toward a LARGE OPENING IN THE ROCKS.
34) 0) text: The group enters and Michael can't believe his eyes.
34) 4) text: Michael glances at Star.
34) 7) dialog: We were gonna grab some food.
34) 11) text: David takes the first hit, then passes it to Michael. Star seems troubled.
37) 1) dialog: (to all) Where are you guys from?
37) 3) dialog: I mean, where do you live?
37) 5) dialog: You live here?  Your folks let you?
37) 8) text: The others laugh, too.  Michael looks confused.
37) 10) text: Michael is intrigued -- and David sees it.  He steps closer to him.
37) 16) text: He pops the lid on one of the cartons and approaches Michael with it.
37) 18) text: Michael hesitates.
37) 20) text: Michael takes the carton warily and David immediately turns his back on him, passing out food to the others. Michael takes a mouthful of rice using the plastic spoon provided.  The others begin to eat as well.
37) 22) dialog: What?...
37) 24) text: Michael looks at his food.
37) 26) dialog: spits out his mouthful in horror and revulsion and throws the carton to the ground. But as the carton spills out, we see that it is just rice after all. The boys LAUGH UPROARIOUSLY.  Michael looks mortified. Star gets to her feet.
37) 29) text: Michael looks at the noodles and his expression turns to one of disgust.
37) 30) dialog: Worms!
37) 34) text: David tilts back his head and pours the contents of the carton into his mouth.  The slimy bundle of worms slides slowly across his lips. Michael looks on with a sick expression.  He grabs David's arm.
37) 35) dialog: Don't!  Stop!
37) 37) text: David shows Michael the carton again.  And sure enough, they are only noodles.  Michael is baffled.  The boys have a good, long laugh at his expense.
37) 39) text: The laughter dies down as a NEW SONG comes on the radio. It's apparently a favorite of the Lost Boys because the MUSIC is immediately TURNED UP LOUD and all thoughts of Michael seem to be forgotten. Everyone begins to move to the music.  Star encourages Michael to dance with her.  He's feeling the effects of the joint he smoked and his balance is a little off.  His head is spinning. During all this, David has located a bottle of wine.  He pours some into a paper cup and offers it to Michael. Michael is about to drink when Star holds his arm.
37) 41) text: Michael examines the contents of the cup and smiles know- ingly.  He's not falling for any more tricks.
37) 42) dialog: Good joke, blood.
37) 43) text: Michael brings the cup to his lips and drinks.  The Lost Boys watch him carefully.  Wine drips from the corner of his mouth.  But it looks more like blood than anything else. Michael lowers the cup.  The room is spinning around him. Suddenly:  SLOW-MOTION.  DREAMY MUSIC.
38) 0) text: Michael cringes in his sleep, as Sam invades his bedroom from their common bathroom.
38) 3) dialog: Go away.
38) 5) dialog: Entertain yourself.
38) 6) text: Michael pulls the covers over his head.
43) 0) text: Michael, looking very drawn and wearing sunglasses, stands before his barbells.  He pumps them once, but can't complete a second rep.  Exhausted, he drops them down.
44) 0) text: Sam is there, looking through the refrigerator.  Michael enters from the service porch and plops down in a chair.
44) 2) dialog: I can't remember much after the Chinese food that looked like maggots.
44) 5) dialog: What would that make Mom?
44) 7) text: Nanook comes up to Michael and begins to lick the bottoms of his bare feet.
44) 8) dialog: Beat it, Nanook.
44) 10) dialog: Sam.  Make him stop.
44) 11) text: Sam pulls Nanook away.  Then he takes a closer look at Michael's feet.
44) 13) dialog: No.  Why?
44) 15) text: Michael gets up from the table and starts to leave the room.
44) 16) dialog: I told you it was pretty weird Chinese food.
44) 18) dialog: No.
47) 2) dialog: Ouch.
47) 5) dialog: I wouldn't have given my Mom such a hard time about moving here if I'd known I was going to meet you.
47) 7) dialog: Now you and David...
47) 9) dialog: Let's go see them.
47) 11) text: She gets up and walks toward the water.  Michael stops her and, pulling her toward him, kisses her, leaning against the white rocks.
47) 15) text: Michael gets to his feet.  He glares at David.
47) 18) dialog: I'm my own man.
47) 20) text: Michael looks at Star.
47) 22) text: Michael hesitates, but is also drawn intensely to be a part of them.  He leaves with the others as they climb over the rocks toward their bikes.  Laddie has remained behind.
47) 33) text: She holds him as Michael and the Lost boys roar across the beach into the darkness.
48) 3) dialog: What's going' on?
48) 8) text: The Lost Boys laugh.  Michael looks irritated.  He watche as Paul, Marko and Dwayne climb below the trestle, hold on with their hands and allow their bodies to dangle over the fog-shrouded gorge.
48) 10) text: Michael hesitates.
48) 12) text: Michael summons his courage and climbs down.  David follows him.
48) 13) text: All five boys hanging on.  The fog billowing up beneath them.  Michael starts to look down.  Then, a RUMBLING is heard in the distance.  Michael notices the look of excitement in the eyes of the other boys. A PASSENGER TRAIN is approaching.  It's WHISTLE BLOWS. The trestle begins to shake.  A look of terror comes into Michael's expression.
48) 15) text: The train THUNDERS across the trestle overhead, only a foot or two above them. The ROAR and the NOISE are tremendous.  The heat.  The smoke.  The dust. The boys grimace and hold on for dear life.  Then, Michael reacts in horror as:
48) 18) text: Michael can't believe what he's hearing.  He's scared out of his wits.
48) 23) dialog: Sweat streaming down his face.  The final car of the train passes overhead and the noise begins to fade. Then Michael hears:  laughter from the fog below.
48) 25) text: They WHISTLE and CAT CALL and do everything they can to goad him on.  All the while invisible in the darkness below. Michael lets go.  He drops into the fog. His eyes widen with fright -- but -- for a moment he is buoyant -- suspended in mid-air -- floating! And then... he drops.  With a WHOOSH.  Like dead weight. The wind RUSHING around his ears.  He loses consciousness
49) 2) text: Michael stirs.
49) 3) dialog: Mom's home?...
49) 5) text: Michael glances at the clock.  It's two in the afternoon.
49) 6) dialog: Oh, shit...
49) 7) text: He fumbles for his sunglasses.  Finds them and puts them on.  Then he picks up the phone by his bed.  Sam notices how long Michael's fingernails are.
49) 9) text: Michael gives Sam a hostile look, then speaks into the phone.
49) 10) dialog: Hi, Mom...
49) 11) text: INTERCUT between Michael and Lucy
50) 2) dialog: No.  I'm up.
50) 4) dialog: (very unsympathetic) I watch him all day.  The only time I have more myself is at night.  Let Grandpa watch him.
50) 6) text: Michael is silent on the other end of the line.
50) 8) dialog: (sweet self) Okay.
50) 9) text: Michael hangs up the phone -- then notices his growing fingernails.
51) 0) text: Michael steps into the shower stall and turns on the water.  He lets it beat against him.  Suddenly, his ex- pression turns to one of pain.  The water burns. He reaches for the handles, turns down the hot, turns up the cold.  It still burns. He turns the hot completely off.  The cold water burns! He jumps from the shower in alarm.
53) 4) text: Michael enters looking drawn and tired.  He still wears his sunglasses.  Grandpa is startled by his appearence but says nothing about it.
53) 5) dialog: Big date, Grandpa?
53) 7) dialog: (nasty) Oh, yeah.  What'd you stuff for her?  Mr. Johnson?
53) 8) text: Grandpa gives Michael a look of displeasure.
55) 2) dialog: Don't bother.
55) 3) text: Sam glances at Michael's ear.
55) 5) dialog: Piss off.
55) 8) dialog: What's that?...
56) 0) text: As Michael arrives in the living room he can hear LOUD MUMBLED WHISPERING.  Headlights flash across the window curtains, accompanied by the unmistakeable ROAR of MOTORBIKE ENGINES -- as if they were going around the house. The WHISPERING grows LOUDER.  It seems to be saying "Michael, Michael, Michael."  He goes for the front door.
56) 4) text: Michael throws open the door, and -- Nothing.  The front yard is empty.  But a blast of cold air rushes into the house and a WEIRD ECHOING sound rever berates across the sky. A low ground fog is rolling in as well.  Sam and Michael look bewildered.
56) 6) text: Michael closes the door and locks it.  His face is ashen.
59) 0) text: Michael goes to the refrigerator for some milk. Then Michael abruptly buckles over in pain.  He drops the milk carton to the floor, where it BURSTS OPEN. He straightens up, sees the mess he's made and goes to the pantry for a mop.
59) 1) text: Michael finds the mop -- but is then hit by another wave of pain.  He grabs his stomach and doubles over.  As he lifts his head, this is what he sees: The walls of the pantry begin to breathe!  Soup cans puff out and suck in.  Preserves seem to come alive.  The ligh bulb expands.  The floor ripples. Michael's HEART begins to POUND.  Blood surges through his veins -- causing them to bulge and ripple.
62) 0) text: Michael appears in the shadows.  His veins have returned to normal, but he is possessed by a strange calm. Michael begins to ascend the stairs.  We hear the sound of his HEARTBEAT. Michael reaches the second floor landing and moves slowly down the hallway toward the bathroom door.  His HEART POUNDS even LOUDER in his chest.
64) 0) text: Michael stands outside the bathroom door.  His HEART POUNDING in his chest.  His face white as snow.  He reaches for the doorknob, then withdraws his hand.  A battle is raging within him.
66) 0) text: Michael has his back pressed against the bathroom door, fighting his urge and desire to enter.  LOUD, POUNDING
67) 0) text: Sam, unaware of Nanook's nervous behavior, disappears und the water to rinse his hair. NONOOK sits up and HOWLS -- and Michael bursts in! Michael and Nanook lock eyes.  NANOOK begins to GROWL softly.  A deep, primordial GROWL of warning.
67) 1) dialog: His lips peel back, revealing his teeth.
68) 4) dialog: (softly) Don't turn on the light.
68) 6) dialog: is huddled at the bottom of staircase, his face and hands covered in blood.
68) 8) dialog: Nanook...
68) 10) dialog: Nothing!  I didn't hurt him.  He bit me!  This is my blood!
68) 11) text: Michael shows Sam the gash across the palm of his hand. Sam reacts.  Nanook appears protectively beside Sam.
68) 13) dialog: He was protecting you!
68) 15) dialog: What??
68) 17) text: Michael looks, is startled to see that he is nearly invisible.
68) 19) text: Michael looks confused and bewildered.  He moves toward the staircase.
70) 0) text: Michael walks in wearing a dazed expression.  He flops down on his bed.
73) 0) dialog: Something is happening, but we can't tell what.  Yet we feel the distinct sensation of movement. BANG.  Michael's nose makes contact with a hard white surface.  It's as if something is pressing down on him.
75) 5) text: Then Sam sees Michael floating in mid-air outside his bedroom window.
76) 0) text: Michael rises into the night sky as far as the cord will allow.
77) 0) text: Sam backs away from the window with a terrified expression. Michael is bobbing helplessly in the air outside the window.  He's yelling something but we can't hear what it is.  Then, Michael's foot CRASHES through the window and we HEAR:
77) 1) dialog: Help me!  Sam -- help me!  I'm your brother!
77) 4) dialog: We've got to stick together, Sam. You've got to help me.
77) 6) dialog: No!  We can't tell Mom! (beat) Please, Sam.  Don't tell her.
77) 8) dialog: Just for a few days, Sam.  Give me a chance to work this out by myself.
80) 0) text: Michael lies on his bed, totally freaked out.
86) 0) text: Michael speed away on his motorbike.  He sees approach- ing headlights -- decides to pull off and kill his engine.  Then, Grandpa drives by in his pickup truck returning from the Widow Johnson's.  SONG CONTINUES.
88) 0) text: Michael waits for Grandpa to pass, then ROARS off in the opposite direction.
89) 0) text: Michael travels the length of the boardwalk on his bike. Every attraction and booth is shut down for the night, and the place is deserted. Bonfires burn on the beaches.  SONG CONTINUES.
90) 0) text: Michael arrives at the cliff where the lobby/cave is located.  No one is there.  He decides to enter the cave.
91) 0) text: Michael enters.  The place is deserted.
91) 1) dialog: Star?
91) 2) text: He waits for a reply -- but there isn't one.  Now Michael notices and empty bottle of wine -- the same "wine" he drank before.  He smells the bottle and recoils.  It smells of blood.  SONG CONTINUES. Michael hurls the bottle across the lobby where it CRASHES against the wall and shatters.
93) 0) text: Michael is curled up on Star's bed.  The NOISE sweeps into the cave on a cold rush of air.  Michael stirs.  He hears voices.  Then looks up to see Star coming to lie next to him.
93) 1) dialog: Star.  I have to talk to you.
93) 2) text: Star doesn't respond.  She's fallen right to sleep. Michael tries to awaken her.
93) 3) dialog: I have to talk to you.  Please wake up.
93) 5) dialog: When?
93) 7) text: She almost doesn't get the last word out before falling back to sleep.  Michael gets to his feet and staggers away from Star's bed.  He notices Laddie sleeping nearby. But there is no sign of the other Lost Boys.  SONG ENDS.
94) 0) text: Michael drives up on his Honda.  He approaches the house. Lucy is on the porch, drinking coffee.
94) 2) text: Michael nods and keeps walking.
94) 5) dialog: (mumbling) Sure.
94) 7) dialog: We are...
94) 9) text: Michael begins to roll his eyes impatiently.
94) 11) dialog: (moving away) I'm tired now.
94) 13) dialog: Mom... please.
94) 14) text: Michael heads into the house.  Lucy tugs on her own ear- lobe to indicate Michael's earring.
94) 16) text: Michael walks into the house without saying another word. Lucy looks frustrated and concerned.
95) 2) text: Michael doesn't reply.  He glances down at the comic that Sam is reading.
95) 4) dialog: walks away looking ill.
99) 0) text: Michael is getting dressed to go out.  More and more he is looking like one of the Lost Boys.
100) 6) text: Michael enters.
100) 8) dialog: Can't.  Got plans of my own.
100) 10) dialog: Gotta go, Mom.
101) 0) text: Michael heads for the front door.  He opens it to find Max just preparing to ring the bell.
101) 2) dialog: Yeah.  Max... right?
101) 5) text: Michael thinks this is rather strange, but shrugs it off.
101) 6) dialog: Come in, come in.  I'm inviting you.
101) 8) text: Max steps across the threshold -- but is surprised to see Michael continue out the door.
101) 9) dialog: See ya.
102) 0) text: Michael takes special note of Max's sports car as he gets on his bike.  He thinks it's pretty cool.
105) 0) text: Michael is looking for Star, but he chances upon the Lost Boys instead.  David has his back to him.  Michael comes up behind him and spins David forcefully around.
105) 1) dialog: Where is she?!
105) 3) dialog: Where's Star, David?!
105) 5) text: David gets on his bike.  Michael is forced to follow.
106) 0) text: The motorbikes pull up and park.  Everyone climbs off and begins to climb the high trees.  David waits to be last. He gestures for Michael to climb.
106) 1) dialog: What is this, David?
106) 3) text: Michael hesitates.
106) 5) text: Michael looks at David for a beat, then begins to climb the tree.  David follows him up.
106) 11) dialog: stay behind in the tree.  He witnesses the attack, but doesn't join in.  From the expression on his face, we know that it is a horrible spectacle to behold. He turns his face away.  He looks like he wants to puke. Sweat beads up on his forehead and the color drains from his face.  His breathing becomes heavy and his heart begins to POUND POWERFULLY in his chest.  The vampire in him takes over and as the Lost Boys shout his name, he feels compelled to join them, but he resists with all his strength. Dazed and frightened, he tries to escape down the tree. All the while the SOUND of the VAMPIRE MASSACRE continues in the distance.  He slides gasping and sweating onto the forest floor. For a moment, he just lies there looking bewildered. Then:  SILENCE.  The attack is over. Approaching FOOTSTEPS CRUSH leaves and SNAP twigs. Michael waits, unable to move.  And...
106) 16) text: Michael glances in horror toward the direction of the Surf Nazi attack.  David, Paul, Dwayne, and Marko walk off.
107) 5) dialog: I know everything.
107) 8) text: Sam and Michael go to the window and look out.  Star is standing in the yard, in the moonlight.
107) 10) dialog: I don't know.
107) 12) dialog: Okay.
107) 13) text: Michael turns from the window, races out the door into the hallway.  He is about to go down the stairs when:
107) 15) text: Michael turns -- and sees Star standing in the bedroom doorway.  She has obviously flown up and Sam is freaked.
107) 16) dialog: Do you know where David took me tonight, Star?  Do you?!
107) 18) dialog: That night in the cave -- that wasn't wine they gave me to drink... it was blood!  David's blood. (beat) I'm one of them, Star!  I'm just like them!
107) 20) dialog: Why not?
107) 22) dialog: Then it's not too late for us...
107) 24) dialog: I know, I've felt it...
107) 26) text: Sam gulps as Michael kisses her.  Star senses something and gets frightened.
107) 28) dialog: You're not going anywhere... (turning) Sam...
107) 29) text: In a wink, Star is gone... out the window.  We don't even see her leave.  Michael and Sam lean out after her.
107) 30) dialog: Star.
107) 33) dialog: Who are you calling?
108) 6) text: Michael comes down the stairs looking weak and fragile. Dark glasses perched upon an ashen face.
108) 11) dialog: Of course not!
108) 15) dialog: David.
108) 17) dialog: I'll take you there.
108) 19) text: Michael grabs Edgar by the arm.
108) 20) dialog: I said, I'll take you there. Nobody's going near Star without me.
108) 22) text: Michael releases his grip.  Edgar rubs his arm.
111) 0) text: This is why:  Michael has fallen asleep at the wheel, his chin touches his chest. A car behind HONKS.  Michael wakes up an continues driving.  Edgar warns Michael.
112) 1) dialog: Down there.
112) 2) text: The Frogs charge ahead down the old stairs.  Michael seem to stumble.  Sam supports him.
112) 3) dialog: Sam... if something happens to me. If I don't have the strength to go on, promise me you won't let them hurt Star.
113) 0) text: Edgar and Alan step into the lobby and look around with wide-eyed wonderment.  A moment later, Michael and Sam come up behind them.  Sam is also amazed by what he sees.
113) 2) text: As they search for the entrance to the sleep chamber, Michael goes to the spot where he knows Star will be in the far corner of the lobby. Michael bends down to her.  She looks like a sleeping angel.  He shakes her gently.
113) 3) dialog: Star.  You're coming with me.
113) 7) dialog: You've got to put this on.
113) 9) dialog: Huh?
113) 11) text: Michael glances over to where Laddie is sleeping.  Star's eyes beseech him.  Michael gives in to her wishes.  He begins to wrap Laddie (who doesn't awaken) in a blanket.
114) 0) text: Michael emerges from the cave with a bundled Laddie in his arms.  The sun beats down.  Laddie awakens.  He looks around with uncomprehending eyes.  Michael adjusts the blanket to keep the sun off Laddie's face. Michael staggers up the old stairs.
116) 0) text: Michael arrives at the Chevy with Laddie in his arms.  He opens the back door and places Laddie on the seat.  Laddi remains sound asleep as Michael makes certain that his face is covered and away from the sun. Then, turning away from the car, he heads back toward the cave.  It is obvious that he is becoming extremely exhausted and rapidly losing strength.
118) 0) text: Michael returns for Star.  He looks awful.  Star reaches out and touches his hand.  Michael wraps her in the hoode cape and lifts her.
121) 0) text: Michael carries Star towards the car.  He is weakening. His legs buckle and he sinks to his knees.  Star's hood falls back revealing her face.  Michael finds inspiration in her beauty and struggles to his feet, lurching toward the Chevy.
124) 0) text: They arrive to find Michael passed out beside the car. Sam and the Frogs shove Michael into the front seat.
125) 0) text: Edgar gets in front next to Michael.  Alan gets in back next to Star and Laddie.  They find it very distasteful to be this close to vampires. Sam turns the ignition and the car FIRES UP.  Hesitates.
128) 11) text: Michael's head slumps against Edgar's shoulder.  Edgar pushes him away -- and Michael awakens.
128) 13) dialog: Huh?...
128) 16) text: As the Chevy barrels down the highway, Sam and Edgar assist Michael into the driver's seat.  There is some pretty dangerous climbing going on in the front seat -- and for a moment it appears that no one has actual control of the car.
128) 18) text: Michael, Sam and Edgar look up to see the stoplight. The Chevy rushes toward it.
128) 20) text: Michael -- acting very dopey -- finally hits the brake. But Sam must take control of the steering wheel because Michael's hands keep slipping off.
129) 0) text: All enter.  Michael carries Star in his arms.  Sam and the Frogs carry Laddie.  As they approach the stairs, Nanook comes racing up to them, BARKING loudly.
129) 4) dialog: Take him outside, Sam!
129) 9) dialog: No, Grandpa...
130) 0) text: Edgar and Alan watch from the hallway as Michael makes Star and Laddie comfortable on his bed.  Sam comes up the stairs, looks into the bedroom, then turns to the Frogs.
138) 0) text: Michael goes to the window.  It looks as if his strength is returning. He pulls back the curtain and looks out.  He has a commanding view of Santa Carla.  The sun has just dropped below the horizon. Michael turns to Laddie and Star who begin to stir from their resting place on the bed.  Star and Michael exchange an anxious expression.
138) 2) dialog: They'll be coming for all of us.
138) 3) text: Then Michael goes to his closet and takes out a very serious-looking hunting bow and arrow quiver.
141) 0) text: Sam, Michael, Edgar, Alan, Star and Laddie are assembled for final instructions.  Sam and the Frogs carry loaded water guns.  Michael has his bow and arrow.
141) 2) text: Michael and Sam exchange a look.  Then, Nanook begins to BARK from outside.
141) 6) dialog: Sam, don't --
148) 6) text: Edgar takes Michael's bedroom himself.
149) 4) dialog: Duck, Sam.
149) 5) text: Michael, recovered, releases an arrow.  It WHOOSHES through the air and sinks into Dwayne's throat. Dwayne ROARS in horror and pain.  So loud is his cry that windows SHATTER and light bulbs POP. Then, as if illuminated from within, Dwayne's body begins to glow.  It CRACKLES with electrical energy.  HISSES and FIZZES.  Then vanishes from sight.
150) 2) text: Sam and Michael's bedrooms are connected by the bath- room.  Alan hears Edgar's cry and enters the bathroom fro Sam's side, coming up behind Paul. Alan sees the bathtub filled with holy water and has an idea.  He gets down on his hands and knees behind Paul. Edgar catches on and head-butts Paul, knocking him back- wards.  Paul trips over Alan and falls into the tub with a SPLASH. The water burns!  Paul SCREAM and kicks.  The water turns to a frothy pink and yellow foam -- boiling up, spitting, and shooting into the air like a geyser.  Alan and Edgar jump back.  And in a moment... Paul is gone.
154) 0) text: David and Michael continue their aerial dog-fight. Michael looks like he's getting the worst of it. David gets the edge on him.  He comes up under Michael, grabs him by the waist and continues to fly upward until Michael's head BANGS against the ceiling, knocking him unconscious. Michael drops to the floor.
156) 0) text: Michael regains consciousness in time to see David approaching him.
156) 2) text: Michael gets slowly to his feet, never taking his eyes off David.
156) 4) text: Michael doesn't believe him -- but he looks worried. Then, David attacks.  He leaps at Michael... and the fight is on! Michael grabs a wooden hat rack and swings it like a bat.  It connects with David's head, but David is unphased.  Michael swings again and David catches the hat rack, yanks it from Michael's grasp and SNAPS it in two as if it were a twig.  Michael charges. They tumble through the air, fighting fiercely.  CRASHING from one room to the next.
158) 0) text: Michael and David SLAM each other into walls.  Finally, David picks up Michael's chest and propels him back- wards, two feet off the ground, back --
158) 5) text: Michael doesn't listen.  He struggles, but can't free himself.
160) 0) text: David presses hard against the barbells.  The weights sink into the wall and the bar itself begins to crush Michael's throat.
160) 2) text: David turns to see Star standing behind him.  She holds the pointed, broken hat rack in her hands. David releases his grip on the barbells.  They fall to the floor.  So does Michael -- holding his throat and gasping for air.
160) 7) dialog: David!
160) 8) text: David spins in Michael's direction.  Somehow, Michael has summoned up a hidden reserve of strength.  He holds the barbells in his hands.
160) 9) dialog: Catch!
160) 12) text: The hat rack enters his back, pierces his heart, and exits through his chest. David SCREAMS and BELLOWS and pulls out the stake. Light pours from the hole in his body like a brilliant searchlight. Then David flies up and HITS the ceiling -- still HOWLING and YELLING and SPARKING like a Roman candle. Then -- like a balloon losing its air -- he begins to deflate and ROCKET around the room on a wild, spinning flight. Star and Michael duck to avoid being hit. David is heading toward the ceiling.
164) 0) text: Sam, Laddie and the Frogs come down the stairs to see Michael holding Star in his arms. All is silent.  And slowly they realize that they have triumphed.
164) 2) text: Sam notices that Michael, Star and Laddie don't look pleased.
164) 4) dialog: I... I don't feel any differently. (to Star) Do you?
166) 6) text: Michael and Sam don't know what to say or where to begin.  Then we notice that Max wears and expression of pure anguish.
166) 10) text: Sam, Michael, the Frogs, Laddie and Star know what Max is talking about, and they react in horror.  But Lucy is still in the dark.
166) 24) text: Max advances toward Lucy.  He is the meanest, nastiest, foulest, oldest vampire of them all.  And all the evil and depravity that dwells within his soulless being now manifests itself in his ghastly appearence. Everyone SCREAMS. He moves toward Lucy.  Yellow eyes flashing.  Fangs descending below his jaw.  Skin rancid.  Breath foul. Michael steps between Max and his mother.
166) 25) dialog: I didn't invite you in this time!
166) 27) dialog: Get out, Mom!  Run!
166) 28) text: Max ROARS and everyone is knocked to the ground and held there by the sound.  Everyone but Michael, that is. He alone is left standing to face Max.
166) 32) text: Michael and Max do battle.  Michael is brave, but fool- ish.  He doesn't have a chance. Holding Michael by the ankle, Max spins him over his head.  Michael hits against the walls and the bannister, SNAPPING off the rails one by one. Then, Max releases him and Michael sails across the room and lands in a heap.  Exhausted and defeated.
168) 2) text: Everyone is able to get to their feet now.  Sam sees Max's driving cap on the floor.  He picks it up and tosses it into the now dying vortex. Michael and Star trade joyful expressions.
168) 3) dialog: It's gone.  I feel it!
168) 7) text: Michael hugs Star.
168) 8) dialog: Everyone accounted for?