1) 0) text: Spinning merrily.  Loud CALLIOPE MUSIC.  Young kids and teenagers occupy the horses and benches.  A tough group of "SURF NAZIS" also ride.  "My Beach, My Wave" on their T-shirts. The LOST BOYS enter the carousel house.  Cool kids in dis tinctive dress.  Compelling; not threatening.  They are DAVID, MARKO, PAUL, DWAYNE; David the obvious leader. GREG, the head Surf Nazi, sits in one of the carousel's benches with his arm around his girl, SHELLY.  He thinks he's King of the Boardwalk.. And doesn't like it one bit when Shelly casts an appreciative glance toward David. David smiles back at her.  Not flirting, just being chi- valrous.  Greg scowls and takes his anger out on Paul by tripping him as he goes by.  An insult... a shove.  David joins Paul.  Surf Nazis join Greg.  The Lost Boys close ranks.  A major melee seems ready to erupt, when the ugly end of a nightstick is shoved against his Adam's apple. A three hundred pound security GUARD is at the other end. The ride suddenly ends.  CALLIOPE MUSIC STOPS.
26) 0) text: As Michael and Star approach Michael's Honda, the Lost Boys arrive on their motorcycles.  Laddie sits behind Paul.  David is astride a THROBBING TRIUMPH.  Michael looks uneasy; out-classed and out-numbered.
34) 3) dialog: Man, you wouldn't believe the cool stuff we've found in here.
37) 2) dialog: We're from right here.
37) 6) dialog: Is he talking parents?
47) 13) text: Before she can say anything else he kisses her again. The kiss becomes more passionate -- more intense. SUDDENLY LONG DARK SHADOWS LOOM ACROSS THEM.  They turn to see David, Dwayne, Paul, Marko and Laddie watching.
48) 6) dialog: Who wants to know?
48) 8) text: The Lost Boys laugh.  Michael looks irritated.  He watche as Paul, Marko and Dwayne climb below the trestle, hold on with their hands and allow their bodies to dangle over the fog-shrouded gorge.
48) 16) dialog: releases his grip and falls, disappearing into the fog below. Then:  Marko falls.  Followed by Dwayne.  Only David and Michael remain.  David shouts over the DIN of the passing train.
106) 16) text: Michael glances in horror toward the direction of the Surf Nazi attack.  David, Paul, Dwayne, and Marko walk off.
146) 1) dialog: flies into the bedroom.  Star SCREAMS.
149) 0) text: Edgar cautiously enters the room -- water gun drawn. The bathroom door opens behind him and Paul quietly steps out.  He looks as horrible and nasty as Dwayne.  His face evil and rotting.  His fingernails long and sharp. Paul bares his fangs.  They are yellow and bloodstained. He is about to sink them into Edgar's neck when Edgar senses his presence and spins around.
149) 2) text: Paul lunges, but Edgar SQUIRTS him in the face with holy water.  Paul YELLS and SCREAMS and flails his arms, but Edgar continues to SQUIRT and SQUIRT, driving Paul back into the bathroom.
150) 0) text: Edgar shooting holy water as Paul backs into bathroom.
150) 2) text: Sam and Michael's bedrooms are connected by the bath- room.  Alan hears Edgar's cry and enters the bathroom fro Sam's side, coming up behind Paul. Alan sees the bathtub filled with holy water and has an idea.  He gets down on his hands and knees behind Paul. Edgar catches on and head-butts Paul, knocking him back- wards.  Paul trips over Alan and falls into the tub with a SPLASH. The water burns!  Paul SCREAM and kicks.  The water turns to a frothy pink and yellow foam -- boiling up, spitting, and shooting into the air like a geyser.  Alan and Edgar jump back.  And in a moment... Paul is gone.
152) 0) text: Edgar and Alan, still flushed with their victory over Paul, sit on the bed re-loading their guns with holy water.