7) 11) text: Sam runs off as Michael starts his prize possession.
13) 0) text: Michael, Sam and Lucy do the dinner dishes together.  The radio is playing.  A HIT FROM THE SIXTIES comes on. "Land Of A Thousand Dances."  Lucy begins to move to the music.  Then she puts down her dish towel and starts to dance.
13) 7) dialog: A heart-stopping young beauty.  Different from anyone in the crowd, listening to the music and even though she's with LADDIE, 14, a sweet-faced but sad boy, she seems alone.  As the MUSIC BUILDS, she suddenly feels Michael's gaze and their eyes meet.  She is a person looking for a friend.  Michael smiles.  Star wants to smile back, but she can't, and reaching for Laddie, disappears through the crowd.  Michael grabs Sam and follows.
17) 0) text: Michael is on Star and Laddie's tail.  He keeps pace with her, walking a safe distance behind.  She becomes aware of him.  She looks over her shoulder -- then suddenly stops.
17) 1) dialog: Are you following me?
17) 3) dialog: Did you want to talk to me?
17) 5) dialog: Okay.  Talk.
17) 11) dialog: (very sweetly) Nice talking to you.
19) 0) text: Michael rounds the turn and stops short. Star and Laddie are surrounded by the Lost Boys.  Michael feels upstaged.  The Lost Boys look his way -- but there is nothing threatening in their expressions. They all have motorcycles.  They climb on and GUN their engines.  Star climbs on behind David, putting her arms around him. They ROAR away.  Michael is left standing alone.  Star smiles as she disappears into the night.
25) 1) dialog: It's a rip-off.
25) 2) text: Michael is floored to see Star standing behind him.
25) 4) dialog: If you want your ear pierced, I'll do it.
25) 7) dialog: Star.
25) 9) dialog: What do you mean?
25) 11) dialog: Me, too.
25) 13) dialog: Michael's great.  I like Michael.
25) 14) text: Michael smiles awkwardly at Star's playfulness.  For a moment they walk in silence.
25) 15) dialog: I guess you're new around here.
25) 19) dialog: Okay.
26) 0) text: As Michael and Star approach Michael's Honda, the Lost Boys arrive on their motorcycles.  Laddie sits behind Paul.  David is astride a THROBBING TRIUMPH.  Michael looks uneasy; out-classed and out-numbered.
26) 2) dialog: For a ride.
26) 4) dialog: Yeah.
26) 9) dialog: This is Michael.
33) 9) text: A beautiful magic spot.  David, Michael, Star and the others climb down old condemned wooden stairs, passing huge signs on old rusted pilings reading:  "CONDEMNED," "UNSAFE," "UNLAWFUL TO GO PAST THIS POINT."  The group presses on toward a LARGE OPENING IN THE ROCKS.
34) 4) text: Michael glances at Star.
34) 5) dialog: C'mon, Michael.  I want to go.
34) 11) text: David takes the first hit, then passes it to Michael. Star seems troubled.
36) 17) text: Lucy nods and exits the room.  Grandpa follows her out. Sam is left alone to finish the comic.  But he can't concentrate.  The woodchuck seems to be staring at him. Finally, Sam leaps out of bed, grabs the woodchuck and puts him in the closet.  SLAMMING the door tightly.
37) 27) dialog: Leave him alone.
37) 38) dialog: That's enough!
37) 39) text: The laughter dies down as a NEW SONG comes on the radio. It's apparently a favorite of the Lost Boys because the MUSIC is immediately TURNED UP LOUD and all thoughts of Michael seem to be forgotten. Everyone begins to move to the music.  Star encourages Michael to dance with her.  He's feeling the effects of the joint he smoked and his balance is a little off.  His head is spinning. During all this, David has located a bottle of wine.  He pours some into a paper cup and offers it to Michael. Michael is about to drink when Star holds his arm.
37) 40) dialog: (softly) Don't Michael.  You don't have to.  It's blood!
44) 15) text: Michael gets up from the table and starts to leave the room.
47) 3) dialog: Don't be a baby.  That didn't hurt and you know it.
47) 4) text: A drop of blood appears on her finger.  She reacts, restraining herself from tasting it.  Quickly she wipes it off and inserts an earring in his ear.  He looks more like the Lost Boys every minute.  The ocean CRASHES against the rocks below them.  The moon and stars are out.
47) 6) dialog: I used to fight with my family all the time... just got fed up and ran away.
47) 8) dialog: No.  They've made me one of them, but I miss my family.
47) 10) dialog: No... no, everything's different now...
47) 12) dialog: ... Michael...
47) 16) dialog: (indicating Michael's ear) Look.
47) 20) text: Michael looks at Star.
47) 24) dialog: Who, Laddie?
47) 26) dialog: Laddie... you can still remember. You can still remember home.
47) 28) dialog: No, Laddie.  It was a memory.
47) 30) dialog: You didn't tell David?
47) 32) dialog: Promise me you'll keep it that way.  You're not like the others, Laddie.  You're like me. (pause) I can still remember, too.
47) 35) dialog: I like Michael.
47) 37) text: As young as he is, Star knows he's right.
48) 13) text: All five boys hanging on.  The fog billowing up beneath them.  Michael starts to look down.  Then, a RUMBLING is heard in the distance.  Michael notices the look of excitement in the eyes of the other boys. A PASSENGER TRAIN is approaching.  It's WHISTLE BLOWS. The trestle begins to shake.  A look of terror comes into Michael's expression.
53) 4) text: Michael enters looking drawn and tired.  He still wears his sunglasses.  Grandpa is startled by his appearence but says nothing about it.
68) 17) text: Michael looks, is startled to see that he is nearly invisible.
93) 0) text: Michael is curled up on Star's bed.  The NOISE sweeps into the cave on a cold rush of air.  Michael stirs.  He hears voices.  Then looks up to see Star coming to lie next to him.
93) 2) text: Star doesn't respond.  She's fallen right to sleep. Michael tries to awaken her.
93) 4) dialog: Have to sleep.  Have to sleep, Michael.
93) 6) dialog: Tonight.  At the boardwalk...
93) 7) text: She almost doesn't get the last word out before falling back to sleep.  Michael gets to his feet and staggers away from Star's bed.  He notices Laddie sleeping nearby. But there is no sign of the other Lost Boys.  SONG ENDS.
104) 26) text: And when the lights come back... Sam is holding a mirror to Max's face. Startled at being confronted unexpectedly with his own reflection, Max YELLS.  Sam and the Frogs all look into the mirror -- annoyed to see that Max is producing a reflection.
105) 0) text: Michael is looking for Star, but he chances upon the Lost Boys instead.  David has his back to him.  Michael comes up behind him and spins David forcefully around.
107) 7) dialog: Michael!  Michael!
107) 8) text: Sam and Michael go to the window and look out.  Star is standing in the yard, in the moonlight.
107) 11) dialog: I have to talk to you.  Can I come up?
107) 15) text: Michael turns -- and sees Star standing in the bedroom doorway.  She has obviously flown up and Sam is freaked.
107) 17) dialog: Yes... and I'm to blame for it. If you hadn't met me... if I hadn't liked you... I tried to warn you...
107) 19) dialog: Not yet... You're like Laddie and me... Half-vampires... You're not a full vampire until you've made your first kill... You were supposed to be mine... but I couldn't, Michael.
107) 21) dialog: Because I love you...
107) 23) dialog: It's not too late for you to be saved... but each night... it becomes harder and harder for me to resist killing...
107) 25) dialog: I'm weak... Soon I'll need to feed.
107) 26) text: Sam gulps as Michael kisses her.  Star senses something and gets frightened.
107) 27) dialog: David's looking for me... I have to go.
107) 29) text: In a wink, Star is gone... out the window.  We don't even see her leave.  Michael and Sam lean out after her.
113) 2) text: As they search for the entrance to the sleep chamber, Michael goes to the spot where he knows Star will be in the far corner of the lobby. Michael bends down to her.  She looks like a sleeping angel.  He shakes her gently.
113) 5) dialog: Michael?
113) 8) dialog: Take laddie.
113) 10) dialog: Save Laddie first.
113) 11) text: Michael glances over to where Laddie is sleeping.  Star's eyes beseech him.  Michael gives in to her wishes.  He begins to wrap Laddie (who doesn't awaken) in a blanket.
118) 0) text: Michael returns for Star.  He looks awful.  Star reaches out and touches his hand.  Michael wraps her in the hoode cape and lifts her.
121) 0) text: Michael carries Star towards the car.  He is weakening. His legs buckle and he sinks to his knees.  Star's hood falls back revealing her face.  Michael finds inspiration in her beauty and struggles to his feet, lurching toward the Chevy.
125) 0) text: Edgar gets in front next to Michael.  Alan gets in back next to Star and Laddie.  They find it very distasteful to be this close to vampires. Sam turns the ignition and the car FIRES UP.  Hesitates.
129) 0) text: All enter.  Michael carries Star in his arms.  Sam and the Frogs carry Laddie.  As they approach the stairs, Nanook comes racing up to them, BARKING loudly.
130) 0) text: Edgar and Alan watch from the hallway as Michael makes Star and Laddie comfortable on his bed.  Sam comes up the stairs, looks into the bedroom, then turns to the Frogs.
138) 0) text: Michael goes to the window.  It looks as if his strength is returning. He pulls back the curtain and looks out.  He has a commanding view of Santa Carla.  The sun has just dropped below the horizon. Michael turns to Laddie and Star who begin to stir from their resting place on the bed.  Star and Michael exchange an anxious expression.
138) 1) dialog: They'll be coming for Laddie and me, won't they?
139) 9) text: He starts to go, but she stops him.  He looks confused, then sees what she has in mind.  She kisses him on the lips.  It last a long time.
141) 0) text: Sam, Michael, Edgar, Alan, Star and Laddie are assembled for final instructions.  Sam and the Frogs carry loaded water guns.  Michael has his bow and arrow.
146) 0) text: Star hides Laddie under the bed.  She notices that the bedroom window is not closed.  She moves to close it when it EXPLODES in her face and:
147) 0) text: The boys hear Star's scream.  The Frogs rush up the stairs.  Dwayne BELLOWS in protest -- and a beam of light shoots out from his mouth.  Sam continues to squirt him in the face.  The water burns his eyes, blinding him. Enraged, Dwayne becomes a disgusting and hideous sight with flashing fangs and purple face.
148) 0) text: The Frogs and Star collide in the hallway.
148) 1) dialog: It's Paul...
148) 3) dialog: I don't know where he went.
152) 17) dialog: Laddie... NO.
152) 18) text: The Frogs are amazed to see Star fearlessly put her arms around Laddie like a comforting mother and calm him down. And Laddie returns to normal before our astonished eyes.
155) 0) text: As Marko struggles to remove the napkin ring from his mouth, and Nanook bites his ankles -- Sam continues to stuff garlic down Marko's throat. Suddenly, Marko starts to swell up like a balloon.  Get- ting bigger and bigger, until his face nearly disappears into a puffy, purple ball.
159) 3) dialog: (after a moment) I can.
159) 4) text: Everyone looks at her.  Star turns toward the burning door, contemplates going through it.
159) 5) dialog: We realize that for her to go through the door she must allow a bit of the vampire in herself to surface.  A subtle change comes over her... and she opens the burning door and walks through it without harm. Sam, Edgar and Alan exchange a look, then put their ears to the floor again.
160) 1) dialog: Leave him alone!
160) 2) text: David turns to see Star standing behind him.  She holds the pointed, broken hat rack in her hands. David releases his grip on the barbells.  They fall to the floor.  So does Michael -- holding his throat and gasping for air.
160) 4) dialog: (trembling) I will, David!
160) 6) text: Star's resolve begins to crumble.  We realize that she is incapable of killing David.  He begins to approach her.
160) 10) text: He pushes the barbells through the air toward David who catches them instinctively.  But their weight carries him backwards -- directly into the pointed end of the broken hat rack that Star holds.
160) 12) text: The hat rack enters his back, pierces his heart, and exits through his chest. David SCREAMS and BELLOWS and pulls out the stake. Light pours from the hole in his body like a brilliant searchlight. Then David flies up and HITS the ceiling -- still HOWLING and YELLING and SPARKING like a Roman candle. Then -- like a balloon losing its air -- he begins to deflate and ROCKET around the room on a wild, spinning flight. Star and Michael duck to avoid being hit. David is heading toward the ceiling.
162) 0) text: David CRASHES through the roof of the house and disin- tegrates high in the night sky -- like a shooting star.
164) 0) text: Sam, Laddie and the Frogs come down the stairs to see Michael holding Star in his arms. All is silent.  And slowly they realize that they have triumphed.
164) 2) text: Sam notices that Michael, Star and Laddie don't look pleased.
164) 5) text: Star shakes her head, no.  They look at Laddie.  He also shakes his head, no.
166) 10) text: Sam, Michael, the Frogs, Laddie and Star know what Max is talking about, and they react in horror.  But Lucy is still in the dark.
168) 2) text: Everyone is able to get to their feet now.  Sam sees Max's driving cap on the floor.  He picks it up and tosses it into the now dying vortex. Michael and Star trade joyful expressions.
168) 4) dialog: So do I!
168) 7) text: Michael hugs Star.