15) 11) dialog: Awesome! 270
21) 0) text: The Car pulls up outside a dilapidated home with Barry st holding on to the Druggie's shoelace. The Druggie cuts th engine and Barry lets go and drops to the sidewalk. The Druggie walks to the front door and Barry, narrowly avoid being stepped on, runs after him and jumps and grabs onto cuff of his pants.
22) 0) text: The Druggie turns the lights and shuts the door behind hi The living room is adorned with a collection of MEDIEVAL WEAPONRY -- swords, iron masks and a set of armor. The Druggie hangs his hat on the set of armor and walks to th couch. ANGLE ON: Barry clinging to the Druggie's pants. Barry le from the Druggie's pants and rolls under the coffee table The Druggie sits on the coach and clears everything off o his coffee table in one swoop then lays down his drug paraphernalia. He reads a set of instructions on how to d heroin he downloaded off the internet. He tears open the baggy and sprinkles its contents onto t table. He lights a zippo and places it under a DIRTY SPOO the contents of which begin to bubble. He fills the needl and ties off his arm.
22) 1) dialog: Tried alcohol. Weed. Ecstacy. Now 436 it’s time for the Big H. Surf’s up. He injects. Almost immediately he is overcome with indescribable euphoria. His eyes roll back in his head.
22) 6) dialog: Ohhhhh! Aaaahhhh! Ha, Ha, Ha! 437 ANGLE ON: Barry under the coffee table looking around. Th Druggie moans and shifts his feet coming almost touching Barry. Barry runs in the opposite direction and comes out other side of the coffee table. He scrambles back towards table and leans up against one of the cardboard boxes hol up the table. He takes a few deep breathes and works up t courage to keep moving. DRUGGIE (CONT’D) Ohhh!! Ha, Ha ha! Oh my god, oh ya, 438 Ohhhhh! Oooohhhhh! Barry quickly crawls past the opening under the coffee ta towards the opposite box holding it up. He starts to clim the box. He reaches the top and sees the Druggie. DRUGGIE (CONT’D) Oh it just got better, whoahh, the 439 bath salts must be kicking in! Barry looks over and spots the Shopwell's bag on the tabl and start to make a run for it. He pauses for a moment be a bong then keeps on racing. He runs and dives taking cov behind an ashtray for another moment before continuing on The Druggie puts his hands above his head and looks at th with half-closed eyes. He brings his hands down, looks at the coffee table and s a small sausage rolling along. His eyes go wide as the sausage suddenly starts to grow legs, arms and a face and starts walking. The Druggie stares right at Barry. DRUGGIE (CONT’D) What the fuck? 440 Barry turns, realizes the Druggie can see him and stares back.
22) 8) dialog: Ah, Ah, AHHHH!!! 442
22) 18) dialog: 
22) 21) dialog: What are you? Are you some kind of 442D magical sausage?
22) 23) dialog: Ooohhh....The smack/bath salts 442F shitmix is showing me the real world.
22) 26) dialog: I-I-I-I’m tweaked! I’m tweaking! I- 4425 I-I-I‘ve tweaked! The Druggie pushes his face into the pillow and stares at the food that has now gathered on the coffee table. Barry steps forward.
22) 36) dialog: I can’t! You’re all alive and 442L looking at me with your, with your gloves and your-yo-your little shoes and your arms and your legs...
22) 39) dialog: Oh Shit! Fuck! I’m so high! Mr. 442P Sausage, when will it end?!!
22) 52) dialog: Okay, okay, okay, I promise! I'll 442¥ never eat food again. I’1ll just eat dirt and wipe my ass with sticks! Barry gets an idea. He steps forward.
28) 0) text: Barry, and his new friends, Chips, and Toilet Paper all gather around a MAP on the Coffee Table. The Druggie, meanwhile, has dozed off on the couch.
28) 12) dialog: (startled and disoriented) Who? Wh.. what? What? 551 FROM THE DRUGGIE'S POV: The Druggie looks on his pillow a sees a small SAUSAGE (Barry) resting. DRUGGIE (CONT’D) What the fuck is this doing here? 552 Oh yeah, heroin! He-he-he I can't believe I was actually talking to you, sausage. (stomach grumbling) . God, tripping balls for three 553 hours, really works up an appetite.
33) 25) text: BARRY’S FLASHBACK: - The Druggie holds Barry over a boiling pot of water.
33) 27) dialog: 672A Whoop. Five second rule. 672A * As he bends over to pick him up, he accidently knocks the off the stove. - Barry takes cover as the boiling water SPLASHES on the ground. The Druggie slips on the water and stumbles back. DRUGGIE (CONT’D) 673 Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! !! 673 - The Druggie SLAMS into the wall. The impact causes the SAFETY LATCH on the BATTLE-AXE hanging above the Druggie’ head to loosen. It falls. DRUGGIE (CONT’D) 674 Nooo! Noooooco! 674 *