38) 0) text: Buddy waits in the car as McCaleb heads up the walk. He rings the bell. A few moments before MRS. CORDELL answers. She looks sad. McCALEB Mrs. Cordell?
38) 1) dialog: Yes. McCALEB I’m Terry McCaleb. I called you last night. (no answer) Is this a bad time?
38) 2) dialog: As opposed to a good time? McCALEB Poor choice of words. Can we talk?
38) 3) dialog: (pointing past) Is that your partner in the car? McCALEB Uh, my driver.
38) 4) dialog: Oh. I thought of hiring a private investigator, but I just couldn’t afford to. (CONTINUED)
38) 7) dialog: Couldn’t afford to find out who killed my husband. (looks up) Do you work for the police? McCALEB I’m a retired F.B.I. agent. A friend of the family of a woman who was killed in Canoga Park. We think it was the same gunman in both cases.
38) 8) dialog: I see. McCALEB First of all, I’m sorry. I know it doesn’t matter what a stranger thinks, but you have my sympathy. From what I read in the file, James was a good man.
38) 9) dialog: (smiles) It’s funny to hear him called James. Everyone called him Jimmy. And he was a very good man. How can I help, Mr. McCaleb? McCaleb takes out a photo and hands it to her. It’s the shot of Gloria Torres and Raymond that Graciella gave him. McCALEB Do you recognize this woman? Mrs. Cordell studies it. McCALEB Does she look like someone your husband could’ve known?
38) 10) dialog: No, I don’t think so. Was she the victim in Canoga Park? McCALEB Yes. (CONTINUED)
38) 14) dialog: Is that her son? McCALEB Yes. That’s Raymond.
38) 15) dialog: I don’t understand. How could my husband have known her? Are you suggesting they may have -- McCALEB No, Mrs. Cordell, nothing like that.
38) 16) dialog: Then like what? McCALEB Somewhere your husband and Miss Torres may have crossed the shooter’s path. The relationship is between the victims and the shooter. I need to know if your husband and Miss Torres had anything in common. It may seem like nothing. They both ate at the same restaurant for example.
38) 17) dialog: (figuring along) A restaurant the killer went to. McCALEB Yes, that’s right.
38) 18) dialog: That sounds like stalking, not robbery. McCALEB To be honest, robbery may not have been the motive here. him back the photo. McCALEB Was anything missing when they turned over your husband’s personal effects? His wristwatch? Wedding ring?
38) 19) dialog: No. (CONTINUED)
38) 22) dialog: No. As a matter of fact he’d just spent a month up in Northern California working on the aqueduct up there. He went into Los Angeles maybe twice a year. When my husband wasn’t working, Mr. McCaleb, he was home. With me. About the most exotic thing he did was give blood every few months or so. McCaleb nods, sorry for what he’s already put her through. A silent beat. He looks over toward the garage. There’s a Chevy Suburban, boxes piled behind it like no one ever drives it. McCALEB Was that your husband’s car?
38) 23) dialog: Yes. McCALEB Did he keep anything personal inside it?
38) 24) dialog: A picture of the kids on the dashboard. McCALEB And that’s still there?
38) 25) dialog: I don’t know. I would think, but someone from the sheriff's department drove it home. I haven’t been in it since.
39) 0) text: Mrs. Cordell opens the door to the Suburban. McCaleb looks over her shoulder. There on the dash, a photo of two little girls. (CONTINUED)
39) 3) dialog: There it is. McCaleb can’t quite hide his disappointment. Still... McCALEB Did he have a favorite knick- knack, a coffee mug, anything?
39) 4) dialog: No. I’m sorry. McCALEB That’s fine, Mrs. Cordell. What would help is in the next few days if you could write down any routines your husband had or --
39) 5) dialog: Wait a minute. His sunglasses. McCALEB Excuse me?
39) 6) dialog: They always hung from the rearview mirror. He kept them on a cord. They’re missing. McCALEB What kind of sunglasses were they?
39) 7) dialog: Wayfarers. He had them for years. As an image flashes in McCaleb’s mind:
39) 15) dialog: I said, what do you think it means? McCaleb gets a hold of himself. McCALEB Probably nothing. Thanks for all your help, Mrs. Cordell. I/’11 call you as soon as I learn something. McCaleb starts away...
43) 0) text: Graciella waits as McCaleb waits for someone to answer his call. Finally, he hangs up. McCALEB Mrs. Cordell isn’t home.