4) 19) text: They approach a row of brownstones, narrow four story townhouses, nice looking buildings, a hundred years old o more.  EVAN, a sour-looking man, has just locked the fron door of number 26 and is coming down the steps.  He sees coming.
4) 21) dialog: One day you will learn to respect other people's time, Lydia, one day you --
5) 1) text: Evan throws open the front door, revealing the airy foyer the townhouse.  The place is completely empty.  He talks fast, races through the tour.  The three of them come in, Sarah still bouncing her basketball.
5) 3) dialog: This is the middle of the house, the entry floor, living room's over there.  The kitchen floor's below us and there's two bedroom floors above.
5) 6) dialog: It's an enormous amount of space for the money and I'll be perfectly honest, the family is in no hurry whatsoever.
5) 9) dialog: I don't have to tell you there is an acute shortage of living space in Manhattan right now and this is a highly unique property.
5) 14) text: Evan flings open the door of an old-fashioned cage-style elevator.
5) 16) dialog: Working elevator.  Mr. Pearlstine, the previous owner, was disabled the last ten years of his life.  Highly unusual, the elevator, you will not find this in ninety percent of brownstones.
5) 21) dialog: What say we see the house before we dicker, hmm? (starting up the stairs) I have to warn you, this is exactly the response we expected to get. It's a very emotional property.
5) 38) dialog: (from upstairs) It would be so lovely if I could shot the property before I leave!
6) 1) text: Evan, Lydia, and Meg poke their heads in a series of room one after the other, the tour flying by quickly.  First, upstairs bedroom.  Nice, roomy, looks out on the courtyar
6) 3) dialog: Top floor.  Two bedrooms, one bathroom.
7) 3) dialog: Third floor, spare bedroom, den, what have you.  Mr. Pearlstine used it as an office.
7) 8) dialog: (moving, through a bathroom) Master bath.
7) 12) dialog: I hardly see how family gossip is germane to showing the property.
7) 16) dialog: (through a closet) Master closet.
7) 17) text: From the hallway, there is a GROANING METALLIC sound, the elevator, and the happy laughter of the little girl as sh puts it through its paces.  Evan winces, speaks as if his mouth hurts when he moves it.
7) 19) dialog: Could the child please stop that?
8) 2) dialog: And we emerge in the master bedroom.
8) 13) dialog: I was waiting to see if you'd notice!  On caravan, no one from our office had the slightest idea.
8) 20) dialog: It's called a panic room.
8) 25) dialog: A safe room.  An inner sanctum.  A castle keep, in medieval times.
8) 29) dialog: It's quite in vogue in high end construction right now.  One really can't be too careful about home invasion.
8) 34) dialog: Reinforced steel core walls.  Buried phone line, completely separate, not connected to the house's main line and never exposed throughout the house's infrastructure or outside the house -- you can call the police; nobody can cut you off. Your own ventilation system, complete with oxygen scrubber, so you've got plenty of fresh air for as long as you like.  And a bank of video monitors --
8) 37) dialog: -- covering almost every corner of the house.
8) 53) text: Evan reaches past Meg and pushes a red button on the wall behind her.  With a sudden WHANG of steel, a heavy metal leaps out of a slot in the wall and SLAMS shut, like a submarine hatch.  A series of metal latches CLICK into pl inside it, from top to bottom, securing it into place.
8) 55) dialog: Steel, four inches thick.
8) 58) dialog: Everything's spring-loaded, even if the power's out it's fully functional.
8) 68) dialog: That's highly inappropriate.
8) 71) text: Evan hits a green button and the door GROANS slowly open, recoiling its massive spring, and revealing Sarah, the li girl, standing in the entryway, grinning widely.
9) 5) dialog: Not at all.
9) 8) dialog: Infrared.  Like the beam in an elevator doorway.  Won't let the door close if something's blocking it.
9) 11) dialog: Watch.
9) 14) dialog: (to Lydia) Push that button for me, will you?
9) 17) text: Lydia pushes the close button, nothing happens.  Evan pul his hand put of the beam, takes a step back.  Lydia pushe the button again.