4) 1) text: Race across a field of PEDESTRIANS to pick up three women hurrying down the sidewalk.  LYDIA LYNCH, a real estate broker, vaults down the sidewalk, she's got a hell of a stride.  MEG ALTMAN, thirtyish, struggles to keep up with her, she's tall, wafer-thin, pale as a ghost.  SARAH, a n year old girl, flat out runs to keep up, dribbling a basketball as she goes.  The kid's athletic, much tougher than Meg, who she resembles.
4) 2) text: Lydia reads from a sheet she carries in her bouncing hand
4) 4) dialog: -- seventeen feet wide, fifty-five feet deep, forty-two hundred square feet, four floors with a rentable basement apartment, so five altogether, courtyard in back --
4) 8) dialog: No cars.  Feet are faster.
4) 12) dialog: None, there's nothing else, you know how tight the market is.
4) 18) dialog: Oh, that miserable little prick is already leaving.
4) 23) dialog: Evan, I am so sorry, you were a saint to wait for us!
5) 11) dialog: No ball, kid.
5) 19) text: Lydia turns, gives Meg an "are you insane?" look.
5) 22) text: As he disappears upstairs, Lydia turns to Meg, lowers her voice.
5) 24) dialog: Who taught you to negotiate?
5) 27) text: She gets in the elevator and RATTLES the door shut with a bang.  That kid's got an attitude.  Meg takes a deep brea turns to Lydia.  She brushes her hair behind an ear, we notice her thin hand is shaking.
5) 33) text: Lydia watches as she swallows a pill, waiting for Meg to finish her sentence.  Not very good at what?
5) 36) text: Lydia just looks at her, no idea what to say.  These two from different places.
6) 1) text: Evan, Lydia, and Meg poke their heads in a series of room one after the other, the tour flying by quickly.  First, upstairs bedroom.  Nice, roomy, looks out on the courtyar
7) 5) dialog: (low voice, to Meg) He's talking about Bernard Pearlstine.
7) 10) dialog: The hotel guy?  It's been in the papers lately.  His kids are all suing each other over his estate. He was a total recluse, paranoid, rich as hell, he was worth thirty million or something, now it turns out they can't find half of it. (singsong) Somebody took something didn't belong to them!
7) 14) dialog: (low, to Meg) Stop calling it the property, you sound ridiculous.
7) 21) dialog: KID!  NO ELEVATOR!
8) 8) dialog: What?
8) 15) text: Meg looks at him -- what in the world?  Even pushes again twice this time, first at the top, then at the bottom, an the smooth wall CLICKS ajar.  He pulls it wide open.  Meg Lydia step forward, fascinated.
8) 27) dialog: Oh, I've seen these...
8) 32) dialog: Hey, this is perfect for you... (Meg scoffs) Absolutely!  You're a woman, you're living alone now.  Your alarm goes off, or you head glass break, or for whatever reason you think someone's broken into your home in the middle of the night.  What are you going to do?  Call the police and wait until they get here on Tuesday?  Traipse downstairs in your sexy little underthings and check it out?  I think not!
8) 42) dialog: Why?
8) 46) dialog: I don't think so, but I love her album.
8) 50) dialog: (thinks) The furniture guy?
8) 62) dialog: Old Bernie didn't miss a trick with this room, did he?
8) 66) dialog: And with kids like he's got, no wonder he wanted a place to hide.
9) 3) dialog: That door is a safely hazard.
9) 17) text: Lydia pushes the close button, nothing happens.  Evan pul his hand put of the beam, takes a step back.  Lydia pushe the button again.