23) 5) text: A leg is stuck out, across his path. We MOVE UP TO a big, ugly-looking SKINHEAD. He smiles.
24) 0) text: Keith steps over the obstruction. The Skinhead pulls his leg in as Keith raises his leg and makes him highstep ove nothing. A laugh. Keith stares at the Skinhead.
24) 2) dialog: (unfazed) How long have you been a lesbian? Drummer Girl's face goes ashen. Keith's face tightens. (CONTINUED)
24) 5) dialog: You're carrying too much up front to be a guy. So you must be a... Keith grabs Skinhead by his jacket front and pulls him to his feet. He realizes that he's grabbed more than he anticipated. Skinhead towers over him.
25) 5) dialog: I didn't do anything! He jumped on me! Why don't you nail him? The teacher flips a pack of Marlboro's out of Skinhead's shirt pocket.
25) 6) dialog: It's not my shirt. He reaches around behind and yanks a half pint out of his hip pocket.
25) 7) dialog: That's just for show. He reaches in the other pocket and takes out a packet of scene playing cards. The teacher looks at them. (CONTINUED)
25) 10) dialog: Those were a gift. He tries his most charming smile.
30) 0) text: Cliff heads down an empty hallway. We MOVE AHEAD OF him TO Skinhead. He's standing at a locker, prying it open with a large screwdriver. He hears Cliff coming, turns TOWARD CAMERA, shoves the screwdriver down his front and closes his jacket. To avoid a problem, Skinhead takes the immediate offensive position. He turns as Cliff reaches him.
30) 1) dialog: Excuse me, sir. Can I see your hall pass? Cliff is surprised by the request.
30) 3) dialog: Please don't think me rude, sir, but we have to limit access to these hallways to students and authorized persons only. You have no idea how many unsavory types try to gain entry to the school to prey on the youngsters. They bring in contraband, controlled substances, obscene rock 'n roll lyrics. I'm telling you, sir, it's like wolves running free in the hen house. (CONTINUED)
30) 7) dialog: I'm sure you are, sir. You have an honest face and an overall honorable body shape. I'm just alerting you to the rules. From a concerned teen to a concerned parent.
30) 9) dialog: It's refreshing, isn't it?
30) 11) dialog: God bless. Cliff smiles and continues on his way. Skinhead waits a beat and returns to the locker.
53) 0) text: Keith's sitting with the beasts. The Skinhead Keith con- fronted earlier is sitting next to him.
53) 1) dialog: Serves you right, shithead.
53) 3) dialog: (big smile) My pleasure. They look at each other. It's a tense stand-off. A long exchange of looks that could go either way. 61 31.
59) 0) text: Keith's in detention with the junior criminals. He's working in his sketchbook. Skinhead's next to him, scratching on the desk top with a pocket knife. The fine hand of Keith creating and the crude paws of Skin- head destroying. Skinhead looks up at Keith. (CONTINUED)
81) 0) text: The beasts are all armed with sketch pads and sticks of charcoal. Keith's working on his pad. Skinhead leans over to Keith.
81) 1) dialog: This was an outstanding idea. Most of these goons have little or no mode of creative expression. Keith gives him a smile.
81) 2) dialog: Talent's a terrible thing to waste. Skinhead holds up his pad.
81) 3) dialog: Check it out. Keith looks.
82) 3) dialog: This is what my girlfriend would look like without skin. Keith nods.
82) 4) dialog: While we're on the topic of the double-breasted party machine, congratulations on your recent coup. Keith smiles. Partly out of pride, partly out of his des- criptives.
82) 6) dialog: What? You think I live in here? I got a personal life. How'd you swing that one? She's dangerous.
82) 8) dialog: What do you suppose she sees in you? No offense, of course.
82) 10) dialog: Any time somebody on the outside lifts a woman off a guat like Jenns, we can all find cause to rejoice. I'm proud of you. Punch her apron one time for me.
82) 12) dialog: You're a good man. Sorry about giving you so much grief over the years. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
82) 15) dialog: If you'd just popped one time, I would have left you alone. (confidential) My bark's bigger than my bite. He gives Keith a big smile.
82) 16) dialog: You need anything, you let me know.
123) 0) text: A destroyed Volkswagen Thing pulls into the station and stops. Skinhead gets out. He walks into the repair bay.
124) 1) text: Skinhead's in the open bay.
124) 2) dialog: What's going on?
125) 0) text: Skinhead walks over to the bench. Keith wipes his hands on a rag.
125) 1) dialog: Good money?
125) 3) dialog: Looking at it as a career?
125) 5) dialog: But you can always fall back on it. Good move. Listen, I heard about the bullshit with Amanda Jones and how you're getting set up. Keith sighs. Does the world know?
125) 6) dialog: There aren't a lot of things I believe in, but one of them is, nobody sets up nobody. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
125) 9) dialog: Hardy Jenns is pretty rough, but he can be taken. He only works in a pack. We get him alone and bing!
125) 11) dialog: You pop a knuckle and the art gig's historical, right? Perfectly understandable.
125) 13) dialog: Look, one of the main reasons I'm such an asshole is, guys like Hardy Jenns. I can't deal with getting looked down on by them. I'd rather have somebody inject me with hot lead than get laughed at. I can't handle it. My father says I'm ruining my life to prove that I'm worth something. He's very perceptive for someone his age. Keith smiles at the extreme remarks.
125) 14) dialog: I figure, spending two weeks next to you in morning jail qualifies us as friends, and I told you I'd help you. I want to help you. If you don't want to nail Jenns, tell me what I can do for you. Keith is at a loss as to what Skinhead could possibly do for him.
125) 15) dialog: If you're thinking about pounding Amanda Jones, I don't go in for that.
125) 19) dialog: If you can't think of some way that I can help you, I'll feel outrageously worthless and crippled. Promise me, you'll think about it. Keith offers his hand. Skinhead looks at it. It's dirty. He hesitates, but shakes it.
125) 21) dialog: Cool. In the meantime, can I cop a gallon of gas? I'll pay you back Monday. 82.
160) 0) text: A heavy door opens to reveal Skinhead from the detention room.
160) 1) dialog: Welcome. (CONTINUED)
161) 0) text: Amanda and Keith walk in. A SECURITY GUARD is standing be hind Skinhead. He's a portly, middle-aged man.
161) 2) dialog: Dad? Freeze it, okay? Please? The guard reaches for his keys. He crosses to an interior door and unlocks it. He opens it and holds it open for Ke and Amanda. Keith holds his hand high. Skinhead slaps it.
161) 4) dialog: Anything for a friend, pal. He raises an eyebrow in Amanda's direction, indicating hi opinion of her. Keith smiles and nods. Yes, the woman is molten. Keith puts his hand on the small of Amanda's back and leads her into the museum. The guard closes the door. He turns back to Skinhead.
161) 6) dialog: Absolutely. The guard walks back over to his desk and sits down. He opens his paper. Skinhead walks over to the desk.
161) 7) dialog: Dad? I haven't said this ina long time, and I might not say it again, but I love your boring old ass. The guard looks at him. Manages a smile. Skinhead holds out his hand. The guard looks at it. Skinhead wiggles his fingers. The guard sighs and holds out his hand. He wiggles his fingers and, at the same time as Skinhead, jerks his thumb back. (CONTINUED)
161) 10) dialog: Like father like son, huh? The guard looks at Skinhead and his grim attire. A long pause and he nods.