6) 1) text: SONNY GROTOV/BKI sits on the bed in his underpants, si pp froma paper cup. 24 years old. Taller than his father. Lean and muscular. Not happy with who he is.
7) 0) text: Sonny | ooks at himself in the bathroom nirror. A KNOCK at the DOOR Sonny steps out of bathroom and opens door .
7) 2) dialog: Doi ng okay, Vera. How you been? He hands her cash. Vv Fine, thanks. She drops the money in her purse without counting it. A drink? Thank you, ton Gabs pint and kicks back a slug of whiskey. She pulls off her dress. Sonny finishes his drink. She steps out of her panties. He takes off his unde. rpants. ( CONTI NUED)
7) 6) dialog: Yes Mai am + te takes her fromthe rear and starts punping her agains table. Sonny qui ckl y cums and falls on chair.
7) 9) dialog: |' mfine. Hey, you wanna get: a bite to eat ? Tal k? She rubs his hair and pats his shoul der.
9) 0) text: The BOYS walk close together. Brothers WLLIE, 14, and DARRYL, 11 years old. Good kids. Sonny's Nova turns into the driveway. The boys see the car. Hank appr oachi ng. The Nova slows to a stop. Sonny |eans out the wndow._ The boys step closer smiling. Instantl y'all smiles stops. turns sees Hank appr oachi ng. Buck wat ches’ from w ndow.
9) 2) dialog: Put that thing dow.
14) 13) dialog: Fai rly drunk. Leans into her.
14) 14) dialog: Booter, how you doi ng?
14) 21) dialog: (fake smile) Yes Sir.
22) 7) dialog: No. Phil lets out a know ng grin.
22) 10) dialog: I'll be alright. Phil gives hima little hug.
22) 11) dialog: I'll be fine.
26) 0) text: Hank and Sonny enter. Sonny carries SHACKLE BELT. ( CONTI NUED)
26) 3) dialog: (approaching Lawence) | |' m going to put these on nice and loose, Everything's going to be &, right ?
28) 2) dialog: 37 38 39 ( CONTI NUED)
29) 0) text: Dappa enters wth LAWRENCE S LAST MAL. A tray loaded wth fried chicken, a bow of crawish anda piece of apple pie wth vanilla ice creamon top. Hank takes tray from Dappa and places it on table. Lawence finishes drawing of Sonny. Looks at food. Picks up DRAW NG and offers it to Sonny. Sonny accepts.
37) 0) text: Sonny and Hank walk beside Lawence down the long, dimy li corridor. They do not touch him LAWRENCE’ S_ HANDS Pub along the pea-green cinder block wall.
37) 3) dialog: Sweat: drips down his forehead. WARDEN VELASCD, Harvey and Dappa follow. Sonny's legs give out. He collapses to the floor and voni Lawrence turns and reaches down to Sonny. Hank grabs Lawrence by the armand pulls himaway. Varden Vel asco gently puts a hand on Hank's shoulder. The Warde ‘calmy !ooks Lawence in the eye, expressing a silent apol for the disruption. Warden notions for Dappa to come and take Sonny's place. Warden leans down, puts a hand on back of Sonny's neck.
47) 15) dialog: You get out. HANK backs out the door. SONNY fol | ows him
48) 0) text: SONNY holds the gun on HANK as he foll ows himdown the stairs. SONNY kicks his father down the last step. ( CONTI NUED)
49) 0) text: BUCK asleep on the sofa. HAN backs into den foll owed by SONNY. SQNNY shoves HANK to the fl oor. SONNY puts the GN to his father's head.
49) 1) dialog: . How you like that? Huh? HAM sits still. BUCK wakes. SONNY ( CONT’ D) Say sonet hing. HANK says not hi ng. SONNY kicks his father agai n. HANK falls onto his back. BUCK wat ches his two boys. SONNY ( CONT’ D) Get the fuck up! (notices Buck) Morning G andpa. SONNY fires a shot into the ceiling. . __ SONNY ( CONT’ D) Nothing like the sound of a .38. Says a whole | ot. SONNY sinks into recliner.
49) 2) dialog: You hate me. HANK gets to his feet. Looks at Buck. SONNY ( CONT’ D) Answer re! 40. ( CONT! NUED)
49) 7) dialog: WII, | always | oved you. SC\NY puts the gun to his chest and fires a.bullet into h heart. The blast pushes him back against the big chair. The .38 falls to the floor wth a thud. BUCK starts wheezi ng. HANK j ust stands there. CUT TO.
53) 0) text: Tyrell pulls a candy bar fromhis drawer. Kills the light and jumps on his bed. EXT. HANK’ S LAND - TVO DAYS LATER - DAY 71 Grass freshly cut. No weeds in sight. SONNY' S CASKET. Large mound of soil. Next to the grave:
55) 0) text: Buck sl eeps on sofa. TV on. * Hank scrubs Sonny's dried bl ood off the leather reclin D gs the bullet out wth a screwdriver.
153) 0) text: Hank walks in his son's roomwth his father's box. Puts th box in Sonny's closet. Pink 5/10/01 96.
175) 1) dialog: 