63) 3) text: MUSIC:  Sexy Matt Helm-type theme THREE FEMBOTS enter.  T are beautiful buxom multiracial girl/robots in Sixties cl and white go-go boots.
63) 6) text: SEVEN SOLDIERS come in.  They are immediately attracted t the FEMBOTS.  They throw down their guns and come to the  girls zombie-like. When they get within range, guns POP out of the Fembots'  bras and begin FIRING, killing the guards.
102) 0) text: Inside are SEVEN FEMBOTS lounging in various seductive po on Sixties furniture&amp;emdash egg chairs, trapezes, rou furry bed, etc. MUSIC:  Sexy Matt Helm-type theme
102) 2) dialog: Hello, Mr. Powers, care to have a  little fun?
102) 4) text: He runs towards to door to exit.  Suddenly, A PAIR OF FEM LEGS drop and wrap around Austin's neck and lift him up. His feet leave the floor. Another FEMBOT cartwheels up to Austin.  Nozzles pop out the tips of the Fembot's bra.
104) 0) text: Austin is on the bed being held down by the Fembots.   Psychedelic music plays.  Projected colored swirling ligh flash.  The Fembots swirl around seductively.
107) 0) text: Two Fembots guard the door and five are on the bed in com hither poses.
107) 1) dialog: You can't resist us, Mr. Powers.   Eventually you'll give in.
107) 3) text: MUSIC:  Sexy Matt Helm-type theme Austin starts his seduc dance.  He does a quick head count of the Fembots, reache out of frame, pulls out eight cigarettes, put them in his mouth and lights them with a blowtorch. He throws seven cigarettes one by one.  Each cigarette la perfectly in a different Fembot's mouth.  Austin smokes t remaining cigarette. Austin begins to do a seductive striptease.  The Fembots aroused.  He takes off his shirt, revealing his hairy che and focuses his sexual energy on one Fembot. She begins to shake violently, her head shaking back and  forth like in Jacob's Ladder. Eventually her head explodes.  Austin is now stripped dow to his Union Jack bikini briefs and turns to another Fembot.  Her head explodes. He takes off his shoes and throws them away cavalierly.   Then he tosses down his lit cigarette and grinds it with bare foot.  He gives a look of disguised pain. He mouths "I love you" to another Fembot.  Her head explo He does the 'I'll call you' hand signal to yet another Fe whose head explodes. Austin does a hip-thrust to another and her head explodes Austin leans over and wags his rump to the two remaining  Fembots.
107) 5) text: Their heads explode simultaneously.  All the Fembots are  lying on the floor, smoking.  Just then, Vanessa enters,  flanked by a COUPLE OF COMMANDOS.  She surveys the scene looks at Austin in his briefs.  She's hurt.  The commando salute Austin.
120) 0) text: ...past the Fembot lair, over the wedged-in cart, to the  escape ladder.  They begin to climb.