1) 9) text: ANGLE ON FRAU FARBISSINA in a severe Salvation Army unifo
31) 30) dialog: 
31) 45) dialog: (through suppressed  laughter) It's a television commercial with  this little cartoon Leprechaun who  is a benevolent imp who is very  concerned that these children will  steal his lucky charms which are  foodstuffs fashioned into various  shapes&amp;emdash hearts, moons, clovers,  what have you... (pause) It's a long story.
31) 74) dialog: Remember when we froze your semen,  you said that if it looked like you  weren't coming back to try and make  you a son so that a part of you would  live forever?
31) 76) dialog: Well, after a few years, we got sort  of impatient.  Dr. Evil, I want you  to meet your son.
31) 78) dialog: Yes. (calling out) Scott!
63) 0) text: Dr. Evil, Number Two, and Frau Farbissina sit at the larg conference table.
63) 2) dialog: Ya wohl&amp;emdash I mean, yes wohl,  Herr Doctor.  I have created the  ultimate weapon to defeat Austin  Powers.  Bring on the Fembots!
63) 5) dialog: These are the latest word in android  replicant technology.  Lethal,  efficient, brutal.  And no man can  resist their charms.  Send in the  soldiers!
63) 8) dialog: Thank you, Herr Doctor.
90) 2) text: The electric minivan pulls up right next to the immense t All the evil associates are present.  Dr. Evil squeezes a tennis ball repeatedly.  Frau Farbissina opens the rear h of the minivan and pulls out Austin and Vanessa.
93) 25) dialog: (clearing her throat  nervously) Dr. Evil?
93) 27) dialog: It's about the sharks.  Since you  were frozen, they've been placed on  the Endangered Species List.  We  tried to get some, but it will take  months to clear up the red tape.
93) 31) dialog: Well, we experimented with lasers,  but you would be surprised at how  heavy they are.  They actually  outweighed the piranha themselves,  and the fish, well, they sank to the  bottom and died.
93) 34) dialog: Sea bass.
93) 36) dialog: They're mutated sea bass.
93) 38) dialog: Please allow me to demonstrate.
93) 39) text: Frau Farbissina throws a leg of lamb attached to a rope  towards the tank, where the WATER BUBBLES and sea bass ar through the air.  The sea bass devour the lamb.  She pull the rope back.  The lamb has been eaten to the bare bone.