6) 0) text: Elegant people coming and going through the polished bron and glass revolving doors. Jack swings off his bike, begins to lock it to the Loadin Zone standard in front of the front door. Next to a parked Chrysler limousine. FANCY BATES, a very chic, very voluptuous creature of about twenty-five, sweeps out of the building, wearing a full length mink coat, heads for the limo. Behind her, wringing his hands is GEFFRAN, a balding, blue-suite nervous man. Behind him, BARKLEY, the chauffeur. Jack grins, moves his bike out of her way, opens the door of the car for her. She smiles at him regally.
6) 1) dialog: Why, I do thank you so very much.
24) 0) text: Freestanding models of the Bates stores with a profit/los chart attached to each. Posters charting the demographics of the area: buying power per capita per county, driving habits, gas prices, advertising dollars, etc. On the wall facing Bates' desk, a blowup of the region with golden TV towers indicating each of his cable networks and golden threads connecting them to the central and tallest tower in Bates. On the wall behind the desk, life-sized portrai of Fancy as the Naked Raja, but with a string Bikini-bott in the shape of a heart over the critical area. Bates has his confederate flag standing discreetly in front of the boobs. Bates sinks into his leather chair, waves at Jack to take the chair across from him. One look at Fancy, peeking out from behind the flag, Jack averts his eyes and slides over to the chair, trying not to look at the painting, and at the same time, look at Bates. An impossibility. Bates watches him squirm a moment, then opens a box of cigars, passes them over.
27) 0) text: Fancy Bates, the blonde bombshell, is on a huge exercise machine which has the capacity to turn the body upside down, around, vibrate, massage, simultaneously. And is doing so. Bates comes in from the hall. Fancy is whirling and vibrating.
27) 12) dialog: I wasn't x EBD, sold then. qwesn es aware wher we sone
31) 0) text: Soaking wet, carefully, Jack SQUISHES down the hall, trying not to get everything wet, regretting this day. Fancy, decked out for the party in something that holds up her breasts like they were religious offerings, comes out of her room, looks him up and down carefully.
31) 1) dialog: Don't tell me. Let me guess. You're the new second floor sprinkler system. I told them I wanted black pipes.
31) 3) dialog: So. You're the toy. I wouldn't think this sort of thing would tickle a black man. Jack, lobdks her up and down, smiles. (CONTINUED)
31) 7) dialog: God Almighty, I'd sure turn you in on Intellevision. She readjusts her left boob, lifting it a littler higher on it's platform in her dress, brushes by him as if he weren't here.
33) 0) text: As Fancy comes down the stairs, the dinner guests are coming in. Black tie. Long dresses. The,men are_the local movers and shakers, not the blue bloods, they are by and large in their fifties, their wives, by and large are much younger and flashier. Fancy, seeing HONEY RUSSELL, bounces down the stairs and embraces her.
33) 1) dialog: Well you're looking better sugarpie, how're you feeling. The girls head for the living room, away from the crowd at the front door.
37) 6) text: Fancy comes out of the dining room, heads across the front hall. Stops and smiles at Jack.
37) 7) dialog: Well, aren't we full of surprises.
37) 9) dialog: (smiles, then) Right this way, Mr. Brown.
38) 0) text: The dining room is full of elegant people in black tie and long dresses. Fancy pushes Jack into the room. Stunned silence. Bates to his feet, furious, strides to them, during:
38) 1) dialog: I just wanted y'all to see what Hank bought his boy today. It doesn't even need batteries. Isn't that sweet? I'm hoping it'll start a trend. Do something about the awful unemployment situation. Now would any of y'all like one of ‘em for your children? I believe we take orders -- Bates takes Fancy by one arm, Jack by the other, the astonished talk rising behind them.
39) 1) dialog: Christ Almighty, Hank, you're such a pompous ass. Can't you take a joke?
39) 6) dialog: You're marking my arm, sugar. ‘He lets go, his anger as undiminished as his smile.
39) 8) dialog: Tt tis. tom sorry. © was, just bragging on you. You used to like for me to brag on you. How'm I supposed to know when you're having your period? He grabs her arm again, in a rage.
39) 10) dialog: Let loose of me.
48) 0) text: Idyllic. Eric climbs up out of a gully, outfitted by Abercrombie and Fitch for a fishing trip, carrying two fancy poles, a fishing bag, a picnic basket, a bait box, everything. 7 (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: The clink of silver on silver as Barkley serves. Bates, Fancy, Mademoiselle, Eric and Jack. Eric shakes his head to the vegetables. Barkley heads for the kitchen.
51) 12) dialog: Sure thing, sweetie. Want a tray in your room?
51) 29) text: (to Fancy) Off the record, of course. (to Bates) For the boy. It's a learning experience. It's not like éverybody doesn't ’ “know already.
51) 51) dialog: None of your business.
52) 0) text: The light shades are tilted so the light will spill onto the painting of Fancy as the Naked Raja. Jack is bent ove the boy who has the Hasselblad on a strap around his neck complete with flash.
78) 0) text: Bates is pacing, snorting, furious, dressed in his elegant best. Fancy is in her minimums at the makeup table, doing a number on her face. The newspaper is on the edge of the table under her chiffon negligee.
78) 1) dialog: Do you like this new metallic eyeshadow, sugar, or does it look like Hookercity?
78) 3) dialog: What?
78) 5) dialog: Big deal.
78) 7) dialog: Well fire him, darling, if he bothers you.
78) 9) dialog: Men are so mysterious.
78) 11) dialog: Hank, your prostate. Bates mops his forehead with her negligee, notices the paper, wads it up, hurls it into the basket.
79) 33) dialog: with a group of ladies at the pledge table as Eric, on the motorcycle, leaps over, misses, smashes onto the table, the brochures and checks and moneybox fly everywhe
79) 35) dialog: Eric, dammit!
79) 78) dialog: stunned.
79) 79) dialog: I believe I am ready for the black experience.