6) 0) text: Elegant people coming and going through the polished bron and glass revolving doors. Jack swings off his bike, begins to lock it to the Loadin Zone standard in front of the front door. Next to a parked Chrysler limousine. FANCY BATES, a very chic, very voluptuous creature of about twenty-five, sweeps out of the building, wearing a full length mink coat, heads for the limo. Behind her, wringing his hands is GEFFRAN, a balding, blue-suite nervous man. Behind him, BARKLEY, the chauffeur. Jack grins, moves his bike out of her way, opens the door of the car for her. She smiles at him regally.
6) 4) dialog: Not for you, pal.
6) 6) dialog: That's Fancy Bates.
6) 8) dialog: Wife. Numero three. (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: A long table set for a formal meal, complete with extra wine glasses, salad plates, butter plates, cold soup already at each of the forty places. There are forty executives, mostly men, in three piece Brooks Brothers suits and ties and conservative haircuts. The head accountant, Mr. Geffran, comes in from the hallw
10) 1) dialog: (announcing) Mr. Bates is on his way. As a body, the executives move toward the table, talking in modulated, civilized tones. The waitresses come in, with serving dishes. Morehouse comes in.
10) 7) dialog: Anything interesting going on in personnel?
10) 9) dialog: Our move in Soybeans woke up the Justice Department. Cornering the market. (wipes his hands on his napkin) What's Bates supposed to do with his money? Whatever he buys he corners the market -- Spotting Jack, Morehouse chokes on his soup. Geffran slap him on the back.
19) 2) dialog: Why do I have to stay for this? I'm accounting. Is he going to exceed his credit limit?
49) 28) dialog: Daddy's ex-accountant. Y'all scared the fish away with your hollering.
49) 30) dialog: Quit? In this economy? That a joke?
49) 32) dialog: (bleary) Well, here's a good joke. I been fired because I got sweaty hands. Beat.
49) 33) dialog: (continuing) Laugh. That's the joke. Beat. (CONTINUED)
49) 37) dialog: (continuing) It's absurd. It's ridiculous. Why aren't you laughing?
49) 39) dialog: If you'd been responsible for keeping Hank Bates out of Federal Prison, for keeping the SEC, the Justice Department, the Federal Trade Commission and the IRS off his tail, wouldn't you have sweaty hands?
49) 41) dialog: Give the boy a blue ribbon.
49) 43) dialog: (a-roar of pain and outrage) Because I got sweaty hands! Long silence. This is the first time Eric has seen anythi like this. should be. He is very unsure about what his reaction is or
49) 45) dialog: In this town? In this county? (smiles) That's another joke.
49) 47) dialog: Can't. I got a new house. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
49) 50) dialog: Four daughters in braces. A wife in therapy. A new Camaro. I can't even afford to get drunk on whiskey. Silence. Locusts. It is an everyday defeat, a minor momen of sadness, but this is a first for Eric. He edges over closer to Jack and takes his hand. Jack looks down at him, astonished.