6) 8) text: Eddie's arrival is noted by Big John and Preacher, a gamb and an addict, who hang out at Ames at all hours, waiting for action.
6) 17) text: Charlie doesn't reply. But Big John and Preacher lean for in their chairs to listen in.
6) 21) text: Big John, stubbly cigar between his fingers, drifts over their table.
6) 23) dialog: (approaching Eddie) You looking for action?
6) 25) dialog: No. Hell, no! You Eddie Felson?
6) 27) dialog: What's your game? What do you shoot?
6) 29) dialog: Look, friend, I'm not trying to  hustle. I don't never hustle people  that walk into poolrooms with leather  satchels. Don't try to hustle me.
6) 31) dialog: What kind of straight pool game you  like?
6) 33) dialog: Come up here to play straight pool  with Minnesota Fats?
6) 35) dialog: Want some free advice?
6) 37) dialog: (turns to Charlie) Who are you -- his manager, his  friend, his stooge?
6) 39) dialog: (to Charlie) You well-heeled, partner?
6) 41) dialog: Go home. Take your boy and go home.  Fats don't need your money, there's  no way you can beat him. Nobody's  beat him in fifteen years. He's the  best in the country.
6) 43) dialog: Okay, I told you what I wanted about  Minnesota Fats. You just go ahead  and play him, friend.
6) 45) dialog: Comes right in this poolroom every  night, eight o'clock on the nose.  Just stay where you are. He'll find  you.
6) 46) text: As Big John walks off, Eddie smiles at Charlie.
7) 0) text: Eight sharp. A departing customer holds the door for an  incoming one: Minnesota Fats. Heads turn when he makes his punctual  appearance. Fats' clothes reflect his high station at Ames Pool Hall: gray felt bowler hat, and an expensive, tailored overcoat with a carnation in its lapel and two silk handkerchiefs  peeking up from its breast pocket. He moves like a sultan through the room, past Big John, w eyes dip significantly, and over to the coat rack, where  Henry respectfully takes his coat and hat. The buzzard-li eyes of the cashier direct his gaze toward Eddie's table. Fats withdraws a cigarette from his gold case, then casua strolls toward Eddie's table standing apart and quietly  observing the sharp, precise movements of his prospective opponent. Even though Ames is filled with players, there little noise other than the clicking of pool balls.
9) 6) text: Big John looks around -- the shot seems impossible. Fats  slams the cue ball into the pack. The balls carom outward all directions. Only the seven rolls slowly into the corn pocket. Eddie slumps back in his seat as the crowd applau
85) 12) text: Willie collects their stake money and prepares to toss th coin. Preacher, Big John draw up their chairs around the table. Bert also takes a seat, but far away, near the coat rack.