70) 12) text: We see Findley, studying his program and holding a drink his hand. He is tall and refined, with a pale, debauched, yet oddly youthful face that some men of forty or more sometimes ha A cork-tipped cigarette dangles from his fingers.
70) 15) text: Findley spots Bert, takes a long drag on his cigarette, a saunters toward them.
70) 20) dialog: (joins them, speaks  in a soft Southern  drawl, to Bert) Well, hello. Haven't seen you in a  long time.
70) 22) text: Bert snaps his fingers, pretending to forget Findley's na
70) 23) dialog: Findley.
70) 25) dialog: And I you. (shakes Eddie's hand) I think I've heard about you, Mr.  Felson. You play pocket billiards,  don't you?
70) 27) dialog: A little, although I'm afraid I  generally lose.
70) 30) dialog: (smugly) I'll bet you do, Mr. Felson. I'll  just bet you do.
70) 32) dialog: Bert, I believe Mr. Felson's making  a proposition.
70) 34) dialog: Well, Mr. Felson, maybe you could  come out to my place some evening.  We could play a few games of  billiards.
70) 36) dialog: You're very direct, Mr. Felson.
70) 38) dialog: Would you like to come out tonight?
70) 40) dialog: I'm having some people over for drinks  right after the races. Why don't you  all come over? Then about nine, ten  o'clock we can play.
70) 42) dialog: Good, good.
71) 0) text: The camera tilts upward from a Dixieland combo blaring ou bouncy tune to find Sarah, descending the stairs, looking at the party below. Holding the rail with one hand, and a champagne glass in the other, she maneuvers her way down steps. She stops a waitress on the way upstairs and excha her glass for a new one. We follow her unsteady, doll-lik descent. She moves slowly, dreamily past the combo; past  Eddie, who is cornered by a chic blonde in a low-cut dres past Findley, alone with his drink, observing his guests; past the bleary-eyed couples on the dance floor, until sh comes to the bar. Bert is there too, his head bobbing to the Dixie beat, hi eyes running over her body so plainly covered by a cotton print dress. Spinning away from him, she takes her glass goes to a corner of the room. Bert walks casually to her  side. He leans over and whispers something in her ear. He face hardens. Angrily she turns and throws her champagne his face and smashes her glass on the floor. Then she sta to cry and starts to fall, but Bert holds her up by the  shoulders. The music stops. The dance couples strain to g a look at what has happened. Eddie shoves through the gawking crowd.
73) 0) text: Findley, drink and cork-tipped cigarette in hand, escorts Bert and Eddie down the stairs to his game room. It is a  beautifully appointed salon, wood-paneled, filled with pl divans and decorated with terra cotta Roman statuary. In center of the room is the billiard table, now covered by cloth. Findley goes to the bar.
73) 1) dialog: You gentlemen care for a drink?
73) 3) dialog: By all means.
73) 6) dialog: I don't play pool, Mr. Felson. I  play billiards. My house, my game.  You don't have to play if you don't  want to.
73) 10) dialog: Oh, we'll start small... a hundred  dollars a game.
73) 14) dialog: I'm sure Mr. Felson knows what he's  doing. Certainly you can afford a  hundred dollars to find out.
73) 16) text: Eddie finishes uncovering the table. Bert takes a seat.  Findley has a mischievous look on his face as he brings o a cloth bag and pours out the three billiard balls on the table.
74) 1) dialog: Beautiful shot, Felson. Beautiful.  You've played billiards before, Mr.  Felson. Ah, you gentlemen sure you  don't care for a drink?
74) 3) text: Findley steps up to the bar, leaving Bert and Eddie alone
74) 11) dialog: (returns with a fresh  drink) Like to raise the stakes, Mr. Felson?
74) 14) dialog: Oh, about five hundred.
74) 16) dialog: Of course he thinks he can beat me,  Bert. He wouldn't be playing me if  he didn't. Right, Felson?
74) 20) text: Findley points to a statue on a table behind the couch. I is a figure of Pan, with horns sticking up through his cu head, and the legs of a goat extending down below his wai
74) 21) dialog: Have you noticed, Bert? This fellow  here bears a striking resemblance to  you. It seems as though you might  have modeled for the artist.
75) 0) text: Findley completes a shot, then lays his cue gently on the table and goes to the bar.
75) 1) dialog: Mark that one up too, Bert.
75) 7) dialog: That seems a shame. The night is  young.
75) 11) text: Bert turns his back on Eddie and joins Findley at the bar Eddie stands helplessly for a moment. Findley pours a dri as Eddie approaches.
78) 2) dialog: Ah, that's unfortunate, Mr. Felson.
79) 0) text: A shaken Findley flops into a leather swivel chair. A buc of iced champagne sits on the desk, ready to be emptied.  Findley puffs on his cigarette as he looks at the impatie face of Bert, slouching in the chair across from him. Edd leans against a wall nearby. He is quiet, morose.
79) 1) dialog: Will you take a check, Bert?
79) 3) dialog: How much do I owe you?
79) 5) text: Findley reaches nervously for the bottle, gulps at his dr Then he unlocks his desk drawer and takes out the money.  Eddie looks on as Findley gives the money to Bert.
79) 6) dialog: Here. (to Eddie) Been an interestin' evening.
79) 8) dialog: (to a valet) Charles, will you call a cab for  these gentlemen, please. (to Eddie) I'd show you to the door, but I...
79) 10) dialog: Yeah. You must come again.
79) 12) text: Eddie moves to leave. Findley and Bert watch him go.