7) 0) text: Eight sharp. A departing customer holds the door for an  incoming one: Minnesota Fats. Heads turn when he makes his punctual  appearance. Fats' clothes reflect his high station at Ames Pool Hall: gray felt bowler hat, and an expensive, tailored overcoat with a carnation in its lapel and two silk handkerchiefs  peeking up from its breast pocket. He moves like a sultan through the room, past Big John, w eyes dip significantly, and over to the coat rack, where  Henry respectfully takes his coat and hat. The buzzard-li eyes of the cashier direct his gaze toward Eddie's table. Fats withdraws a cigarette from his gold case, then casua strolls toward Eddie's table standing apart and quietly  observing the sharp, precise movements of his prospective opponent. Even though Ames is filled with players, there little noise other than the clicking of pool balls.
7) 20) text: At his command, Ames comes to life. Players drag their ch across the floor and position them around the main table. Eddie, hand to his mouth, realizes that the big moment ha arrived and beckons to Charlie for his leather cue case. uniformed maids withdraw the cover off the green felt top and Sausage, the racker, begins to bang the balls into th wooden racking triangle. Fats is in the washroom, scrubbing his hands and nails. E stands and screws together his inlaid, ivory-pointed cue Fats dries his hands. He and Fats eye one another.
7) 27) text: Willie takes the money. Two balls are rolled to the end o the table, and Fats and Eddie, like two duelers, prepare shoot for the break. In the silence of the room, they bend over their cues and softly stroke out their shots. The balls roll down the ta bank off the far shoulder, and slowly return toward the t players. Fats' ball hits the closer shoulder.
8) 0) text: It is eleven o'clock. Eddie is up. The crowd at Ames sits stolidly in their seats, watching each player, each move.
16) 0) text: The game goes on. The hands of the clock on the wall spin around toward eight in the morning. Ames is empty now, ex for the players and the employees. Only the voice of Saus is heard, signaling the end of a game.
35) 4) dialog: Hey, you're Eddie Felson, aren't  you?
35) 6) dialog: Now, look, fella, I saw you playing  at Ames the other night.
35) 8) dialog: (returning to his  game) Oh man, you're way out of our league.
44) 5) dialog: Half and a dollar.
44) 7) dialog: Ten dollars.
47) 4) dialog: (throwing money on  the table) You lucky punk. I quit ya.
48) 0) text: One of the other players is putting away his cue.
48) 1) dialog: That's it for me.