23) 0) text: A big station wagon is parked between a small mobile home a half-finished house being built by JIM and MEGAN WALLAC an out-going, energetic older couple.  Lumber, cinder blo and tools are scattered around the yard. Jim examines Edgar's body in the bed of Val and Earl's pi up truck.  Val, Earl and Megan talk in subdued tones.
23) 5) text: Jim climbs out of the pick-up.
23) 11) text: Jim shrugs.  Everyone is mystified.
33) 0) text: In the vast desert night a single floodlight illuminates and Megan's partially finished house.  Their station wago parked out front.  A country and western tune drifts to u from it's radio. As we MOVE CLOSER, we see the floodlight is powered by a small, softly purring generator set maybe fifty feet away Jim and Megan, both exhausted, unload a big stack of roof shingles from their station wagon.  Jim starts to lift a package of shingles but gives up and sits on the tailgate
33) 10) text: Jim digs out a powerful flashlight and heads over toward generator.  Megan lies back, taking a welcome breather. After a moment:
33) 13) dialog: Baffled, he sweeps the whole area with the flashlight.  M joins him.
33) 19) text: Suddenly, about ten feet away -- WHOOMP!!  The generator shoots up out of the ground!  Jim and Megan dive for cove it sails through the air, and crashes to earth.  They sta transfixed.  The generator is dented and bent almost beyo recognition -- and covered with oozing slime.
33) 24) text: We again hear that mysterious rumbling sound.  Jim stops, sweeping the flashlight around them. Hear that?
33) 30) text: He struggles wildly, but just sinks further down!  Megan slides a 2X4 over to Jim.  He grabs it like a drowning ma trying to keep himself from being pulled down.  But he's pulled with suck power the 2X4 snaps! His head is going under.  Megan desperately tries to dig smothering earth away, but she's losing.  Now only his ar are above ground.  She pulls with all her might, but he s inexorably down, down.  She's pulled flat on the ground. He's gone. The next instant, a vicious hook-tentacle erupts through earth, missing Megan's face by inches.  She scrambles bac frantically.
36) 5) text: Faint Country and Western radio music drifts to them. They're nearing Jim and Megan's house.
37) 7) text: They focus on the sound and walk gingerly toward it, keep constant watch in every direction.  The ground here is al torn up like the sheep pen -- and the music is coming fro underneath!  What the hell is going on? Val scrapes at the dirt with his boot -- and finds the headlight of Jim and Megan's station wagon, still on, gla up at him.  He drops down and wildly sweeps away more dir revealing more of the car's grille and hood -- and blood soaked dirt which sticks to his hand.  He leaps away, frantically rubbing the blood off on his pants. Oh, man...oh, man...