15) 6) text: They stop beside Nancy.  While they talk, Nancy's daughte MINDY (9), comes bouncing along on her pogo-stick, listen to her Walkman and slowly circling the truck.
32) 0) text: Mindy Sterngood poses cautiously with the bizarre hook tentacle.   A camera FLASHES and we REVEAL Pham Van takin her photo beside a sign: "Photographs -- You and the Snak Monster -- $2.00."  Viola and Miguel, wait in line. We now see the store is crowded with concerned townsfolk debating what to do, and how to protect themselves.  Val Earl sit on the sidelines, sipping beer, gazing in awe at enterprising Phan Vam:
57) 6) text: Everyone stands stock still -- and sweats.  But, then, sl we become aware of a faint, yet oddly familiar sound. Squeak, squeak, squeak -- Mindy on her pogo stick!  They scramble to the windows.
58) 3) dialog: She can't hear them over her Walkman.  A tell-tale puff o dust spurts up not fifty feet from her!
58) 7) dialog: She's lazily bouncing in circles -- squeak, squeak, squea She goes wide-eyed as she rotates to see Val coming at he like a mad bull, arms outstretched.  The asphalt under he pogo stick cracks and -- Val tackles her, both of them tumbling head over heels. scrambles up, rubbing her skinned elbow and yelling:
58) 9) text: Val claps his hand over her mouth.  She goes wide eyed as sees: her pogo stick standing straight up in the cracked asphalt!  Then it is sucked down like so much spaghetti! Nancy rushes into frame, hugging Mindy.  Val signals her be quiet.  They sit uneasily.  Where's the creature? Suddenly the pogo stick erupts out of the earth right in their midst! Val runs one way, Nancy and Mindy the other, heading up t street toward their house.  Val scrambles up onto his pic truck!  The creature rams the truck, rupturing a tire.  A shakes the truck violently, Val spots Rhonda and Earl, no standing uncertainly halfway between him and Pham Van's.
72) 0) text: Nancy and Mindy peer to the window, surprised to see the on Pham Van's roof.
90) 0) text: Nancy and Mindy hug each other.
96) 0) text: Nancy and Mindy are still huddled on the roof.  They don' make a sound.  They're startled when the house suddenly groans and tilts as creatures give it a tentative shove. Nancy and Mindy frantically cling to the peak of the smoo roof.  The picture windows shatters.  We hear beams POP a CRACK, dishes CRASH off shelves.  The front screen door swings open.  At last the house slowly settles back down.
100) 0) text: Nancy comforts Mindy.
133) 0) text: Nancy and Mindy huddle together on their roof.  The uprai scoop blade of the bulldozer comes INTO SHOT with Val rid it.  He helps them step across into it.
139) 33) text: Val squats in front of tear-streaked Mindy. Mindy, you understand what we're going to do? (off her nod) And don't worry, they can't get us once we're on those rocks.
139) 43) text: Enraged, he doubles his speed, trying to overtake Burt. Mindy can't keep up.  Nancy tries to pull her along.  Val Earl swoop in, grab Mindy under either arm, and carry her between them.
147) 0) text: Val and Earl roll two scavenged truck wheels down the str toward their own truck; which is up on jacks, two wheels missing. Mindy races past excitedly.