15) 0) text: They haven't gone fifty yards when they spot NANCY STERNG (40s) working in front of her house.  The guys pull their hats low over their faces.  Earl swerves to the far side the street.
15) 3) text: Nancy spots them and beckons excitedly.
15) 6) text: They stop beside Nancy.  While they talk, Nancy's daughte MINDY (9), comes bouncing along on her pogo-stick, listen to her Walkman and slowly circling the truck.
50) 0) text: Nestor, Viola, Nancy, and Miguel nervously crowd around V Earl, and Rhonda.  Viola holds her yappy dog which perio- dically snarls and snaps at people.  Pham Van is on his C radio trying to contact Burt and Heather.
50) 6) text: Nancy rushes out.
53) 0) text: Nancy rushes back toward Pham Van's, still looking.
58) 5) dialog: As she rounds a corner at the opposite end of town.  She spots Mindy, then sees Val running.  She starts running.
58) 9) text: Val claps his hand over her mouth.  She goes wide eyed as sees: her pogo stick standing straight up in the cracked asphalt!  Then it is sucked down like so much spaghetti! Nancy rushes into frame, hugging Mindy.  Val signals her be quiet.  They sit uneasily.  Where's the creature? Suddenly the pogo stick erupts out of the earth right in their midst! Val runs one way, Nancy and Mindy the other, heading up t street toward their house.  Val scrambles up onto his pic truck!  The creature rams the truck, rupturing a tire.  A shakes the truck violently, Val spots Rhonda and Earl, no standing uncertainly halfway between him and Pham Van's.
72) 0) text: Nancy and Mindy peer to the window, surprised to see the on Pham Van's roof.
90) 0) text: Nancy and Mindy hug each other.
96) 0) text: Nancy and Mindy are still huddled on the roof.  They don' make a sound.  They're startled when the house suddenly groans and tilts as creatures give it a tentative shove. Nancy and Mindy frantically cling to the peak of the smoo roof.  The picture windows shatters.  We hear beams POP a CRACK, dishes CRASH off shelves.  The front screen door swings open.  At last the house slowly settles back down.
97) 0) text: The men are watching Nancy's house tensely.
100) 0) text: Nancy comforts Mindy.
104) 42) text: Val scrambles to the highest point of the sagging roof an shouts to Nancy. Nancy, we gotta find all four of them.  How many you got over there?
111) 0) text: A "spout" of dust erupts near the foundation as the creat beneath zooms away toward the new sound.  Nancy whispers:
133) 0) text: Nancy and Mindy huddle together on their roof.  The uprai scoop blade of the bulldozer comes INTO SHOT with Val rid it.  He helps them step across into it.
139) 43) text: Enraged, he doubles his speed, trying to overtake Burt. Mindy can't keep up.  Nancy tries to pull her along.  Val Earl swoop in, grab Mindy under either arm, and carry her between them.
140) 19) text: Everyone stares in surprise at normally quiet Nancy. (softly) You haven't seen what they can do.