113) 1) dialog: You know, of course, that you do not have to accede to this request. (MORE)
113) 4) dialog: I don't understand. Why do you want to do that?
113) 6) dialog: Well, there are all sort of attitudes and opinions, I guess. That's what makes the world go round. You've got nothing to be ashamed of.
113) 8) dialog: I certainly will. Bell turns to go.
113) 9) dialog: Oh, Bell! (holding out a sheaf of papers) This came in yesterday, for you. I held it up a little because I wanted to write my own endorsement. (MORE)
113) 12) dialog: Really. I assumed that you would want to accept it. I've already written my endorsement.
113) 14) dialog: Of course. Take all the time you want. You've had several big things today. And if you want to change your mind about that other matter that will be all right, too... Be strong.
119) 1) dialog: Now I know you men are making and drinking this goddamn swipe. That's okay by me. Any man in an outfit of mine can get as drunk as he wants to every night, as long as he's ready -- and in shape -- to make reveille and carry out any assignment he's given. If he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble, and from me. Personal. (a pause) Now I prefer to think of myself as a family man. And that's what we all are here, whether we like it or not. A family. I'm the father and -- I guess that makes Sergeant Welsh here the mother. (there is some laughter) And whether you guys like it or not, that makes all of you the children in this family. Now a family can only have one head, and that's the father. Me. Father's the head, and mother runs it. That's the way it's gonna be here. If any of you guys want to see me about anything, anything at all, you'll find I m available. On the other hand, I'm gonna be busy makin’ a living for this family, so if it's not important, maybe mother can handle it. That's all, except for one more thing. We're into training now, as all of you know. You all know what kind of training it is, too. Well, I'm making this training just as tough on everybody as I possibly can. Including me. So expect it. Now that's all -- Except one more thing. It'll be a long time before we get home. The war is not going to be over by next Christmas. We'll probably have to circle the world, and you 11 probably go back by way of New York. So let's stick together. (MORE)