3) 0) text: CORPORAL FIFE, the orderly room clerk, sits against a bulkhead, sick with fear. Beads of moisture cover the ste walls. The fighting men of C-for-Charlie Company pick the wet shirts loose from their armpits, look at their watche and wait impatiently. The bunks are covered with their ge there is nowhere to sit except in the companionways. On Fife's right, PVTS MAZZI and TILLS clutch their knees.
6) 0) text: Doll returns to C-for-Charlie in the second forward hold. Tills, Mazzi and Fife have not moved. Doll steps up with hands on his hips, his right one resting on the pistol.
7) 0) text: Fife sits to Bell's right, sunk in melancholy. BELL is a strong, quiet-voiced private.
7) 1) dialog: (after a pause) I read in your 201 file you were an officer before the war.
7) 3) dialog: No. How'd you end up a private?
7) 5) dialog: Yeah?
7) 7) dialog: Why, the sons of bitches! Where is she now?
7) 9) dialog: Twenty-two.
7) 11) dialog: Why don't you want any of the guys to know?
7) 14) dialog: (indignantly) I already did it! I made it up and turned it in to you, Welsh.
8) 0) text: He signals Fife to follow him around a corner into the latrine. There he backs Fife up against the wall.
11) 0) text: Suddenly, they are stumbling through the water. The ramp already rising, as the craft goes into reverse and pulls out to go for another load. Fife expects some protest, so visible sign of enemy resistance, but not a shot is fired They dart across the beach to the line of coco palms, thrashing dryly in the mid-morning breeze. There they res waiting for orders from Battalion. Didn't the Army know t were no Japanese here? 18. If they failed to realize this, what else don't they know Two SCOUTS come scampering out of the grove up ahead and report to Capt. Stein.
14) 0) text: C-for-Charlie works doggedly to set up camp. The rain com straight down, unbreathed-upon by any wind, in huge, fat drops so close together that it seems a solid sheet of wa Turning around, Fife sees that some of the men (Marl amon them) are playing in the mud, sitting down and sliding ar like children in snow, clowning and laughing.
16) 15) dialog: I don't know if I ought to. The sergeant might need me around here for something.
16) 19) dialog: Never mind him.
19) 1) dialog: I always thought I'd be as brave as the next guy, maybe even braver But I m not. You told me about your wife. I'm telling you something.
19) 3) dialog: Not Doll, not Big Un. I got to work harder at it than they do. The only reason I'm here is because I was ashamed for people to think I was a coward. I had to find out if I was yellow or not... I never had a wife and kids. I never been to New York. I don't want to die.
19) 5) dialog: I hope I can get back -- the way I was -- like I came. They look up at a scuttling noise in the undergrowth, at length discover a coconut crab. (End on CU of crab.)
21) 0) text: The men of C-for-Charlie come out into the warm, revivify safety of the sun and look into each other's stubbled, di caked faces to find they are changed men. Faces glower an eyes burn. Suddenly, Fife hears himself hailed by a man standing some distance off, near the supply tent and lean against a coco palm.
21) 1) dialog: Well, Witt! By God! How are you! A troublemaker with a touchy sense of honor, Witt has bee busted several times and twice sent to the stockade on a summary court-martial. This makes him something of a roma hero to Fife, who considers him the only friend besides B that he has in the whole regiment. He rushes over to shak hands, overjoyed to see him. Witt is just as glad, in his way. All his friends are in C-for-Charlie, and he likes t reputation he enjoys here. As Witt sees it, everybody kno he loves C-for-Charlie and for Welsh to ship him out, whi knowing this, only proves his total contempt for Welsh correct.
21) 2) dialog: How'd you find us? You AWOL? I been asking around about you every day, trying to find out were you were. I thought you were in the brig. How long you been hanging around here? Why didn't you come in the orderly tent and get me? Witt's face hardens, almost as though someone had modeled features in quick-setting cement and Fife were watching i dry.
21) 4) dialog: Welsh? Yes, well. Well, you know, I think maybe he's changed some Witt. Since we got here. 28.
21) 8) dialog: Well, I think if you went around to Capt. Stein and told him how you feel, he'd arrange a transfer back for you. Bugger knows how good a soldier you are. Never was a question of that. Right now he's feeling pretty warm and sentimental about the company, leading them into combat and all.
21) 10) dialog: Why not?
21) 12) dialog: I honestly think he'll take you back.
21) 14) text: It's their Wialiitconitt' djin't mine! I didn't need no discipline. Discipline is what you give a dog! I cain't do that. I won't go and beg them. I appreciate you tryin' to help. (as Fife nods) I mean it.
21) 15) dialog: I know you do. Fife goes on carefully, afraid of making him mad.
21) 16) dialog: Just how bad do you want to get back into the comp’ny?
21) 18) dialog: Well, the only way you're going to do it is to go to Stein and ask him.
21) 20) dialog: It's "travesty."
21) 22) dialog: I said you pronounce it tra-ves-ty. Witt stares at him as if he had never seen him before. Th storm cloud, with its flickers of impending electrical discharges, comes back on his face.
21) 24) dialog: I got as much right here as you have. 30.
21) 26) dialog: What the hell kind of talk is that? What did I do?
21) 28) dialog: I was only kidding with you. I only
21) 30) dialog: You're a boxer. I don't stand a chance with you in a fight and you know it.
21) 32) dialog: I'm going. But you're crazy, for God's sake. I was kidding you. You're my best friend in this outfit. I don't want to fight you.
22) 3) dialog: You! You tell me! I'll be walking when you're on your back! I'll be going when you and all these other guys are on your knees and out!
22) 5) dialog: You and any other goddamned officer! I'll walk till I drop dead -- and when I do, I'll be ten feet in front of your dead body! Don't you ever worry about me quitting. 32. Staggering in his pack, Fife lurches out onto the edge of road. He does not shut up. Stein does not know what to do is up to him to make an issue or not make one. Fife is past the point of caring. He decides to do nothin Nobody else seems to care, or pays much attention, they a all too tired. Looking up the road he sees a Melanesian native with a haunted look hurrying past in the opposite direction, away from the front. Then he sees that Sgt. We is watching, a vague smile on his face.
27) 5) dialog: I was.
27) 9) dialog: Hey, First, is this where you guys’ve decided to dig in? I thought I'd dig in over here with you guys, if it was. I mean, I guess it's as good a place as any. He unslings his pack. Welsh stops his unbuckling of strap and looks up at Fife with a face as expressionless as granite.
28) 0) text: Fife finds Welsh alone.
28) 1) dialog: Why're you always jumping down my throat?
28) 3) dialog: You don't believe in nothing, do you?
28) 5) dialog: What do you believe in, Sergeant?
33) 34) dialog: He feels guilty.
35) 22) dialog: Yes?
35) 24) dialog: I mean this is Charlie Cat Seven. Over.
35) 26) dialog: Yes, sir. He’s right here. (to Stein) Colonel Tall wants you. Stein lies down and takes the phone. Despite the din, bot and Fife beside him can hear the colonel clearly. Stein h been caught off guard; 54. he did not expect to be called upon to offer explanations soon. What he hears astounds him to speechlessness.
37) 55) dialog: By God! Hello, Witt! What’re you doing here? True to his promise of a few days before, Witt passes his narrow eyes across his friend as if Fife did not exist. T come to rest on Welsh again. Welsh seems to peer into him
38) 0) text: Stein begins to move forward. Patches of flesh on his fac twitch uncontrollably. From behind the third swell he wil mount the attack and observe it too. He wonders if the me can tell his nerves are wearing thin. In the first place can never be sure that what he is doing is right, might n be done better and with less cost in some other way. Dang flickers and blinks in the air like a faulty neon tube. Whenever he stands up he might be struck by a bullet Whenever he moves a few feet he might be moving under a descending mortar shell. He is turning these things over in his mind when Fife hol the phone up to his ear. He is dumbfounded to hear the Colonel shouting at him that he is too far to the right. 66. He is not even given an opportunity to explain his propos attack.
38) 161) dialog: I'm here.
38) 163) dialog: I know. Just take it easy. Just take it easy, Eddie.
38) 165) dialog: I'll tell them.
38) 167) dialog: I've got it.
38) 169) dialog: I'm squeezing. 89. He leans forward and presses Bead's hand against his chee Bead gives a little cry.
40) 0) text: The mortar ROUNDS continue to drop at random points along swell with strict regularity. It is amazing how few men t actually wound or kill. Fife hears the soft "SHU-U-U" of mortar shell for perhaps half a second. There is not even time to connect it with himself, before there is a huge sunburst roaring of an EXPLOSION almost on top of him. He has a vague impression of someone screaming but does n know it is himself. Fife's body comes to rest in the lap H.Q's man who happens to be sitting up.
40) 1) dialog: Am I hit? Am I hit?
40) 3) dialog: Bad? Is it bad? 91.
40) 5) dialog: Am I? Fife looks at his hands and finds them completely covered with a glistening red. Gingerly he probes at his skull an finds nothing.
40) 7) dialog: I don't know. It don't hurt. Except when I touch it.
40) 9) dialog: I-I don't know. Then, suddenly, Fife realizes that he is free. He does no have to stay here any more. He is released. He can simply up and walk away -- provided he is able -- with honor, without anyone being able to say he is a coward or court- martialing him.
40) 10) dialog: I think I better go back. Don't you? Well -- Good luck, Train.
47) 0) text: Fife walks up to the battalion aid station, his heart dan with the wild, joyful knowledge that he is wounded and ca leave. Then, seeing the more seriously wounded, he sudden begins to weep, he cannot stop himself. He sits with a line of grimy, bleeding, groaning men on a hillside, mopping the blood from his forehead. There seem be hundreds of people running everywhere, all shouting at another. An orderly attaches a colored tag to Fife's jack A DOCTOR leans over and looks into Fife's eyes and then s his fingers in front of them.
48) 0) text: But in the operating tent, Fife finds out it isn't going be at all as easy as he thought. He is put on a vacant ta in front of old DOC HAINES, the Head Regimental Surgeon. Grizzled, Doc Haines works with an unlit stub of a cigar his mouth, grunting to himself from time to time.
48) 2) dialog: Yes, sir, Doc. Doc HAINES I remember you from when you went up to Post Hospital for that appendectomy. How did that ever turn out? Everything all right now? What have we here now? Head wound, hunh? Can you sit up?
48) 3) dialog: Sure! Sure! Doc HAINES Easy. Take it easy. You've lost a little blood there. Let's have a look-see. This’ll hurt a little bit now... You're lucky. It isn't fractured. You may have, I think what we call a greenstick fracture, sort of crack, not a break. In any case, there's no foreign objects inside. In a week or so, you'll be all ready to go again.
48) 4) dialog: Then -- you don't think I'll be evacuated. Or anything like that. Doc HAINES I wouldn't think so.
48) 5) dialog: Then I can walk all right now. Doc HAINES Do anything you like. Except you should take it easy for a day or two. 108.
48) 6) dialog: (bitterly) Thanks, Doc.
48) 8) dialog: Sure. As soon as this one’s over, there'll be another one. Right after. From his blood-caked face he grins, feeling it draw his cheeks. He knows he makes a good picture of a wounded man anyway.
48) 10) dialog: It's not your problem. If a guy ain't hurt bad enough to ship out, you can't ship him out, can you? I better go. Doc HAINES Good luck, son. Fife waves his hand without looking back.
49) 0) text: Outside the operating tent the CAPTAIN who is the Regimen S-1 sees Fife and breaks away from a group of other staff officers.
49) 2) dialog: Yes, sir. Yes, sir! I sure am!
49) 4) dialog: Terrible! (maliciously) (MORE )
49) 7) dialog: Dead! The S-1 Captain recoils a little, as if he has been struc his eyes disturbed. The others in the group of gossiping officers have turned and are listening too.
49) 9) dialog: Dead! Keck's dead! Grove's dead! Tella, Bead, Catt!
49) 11) dialog: He was all right when I left! He's prob'ly dead too by now! He goes off. Then suddenly, for no reason, he begins to blubber again. Falling down on his knees behind a truck, beats his fists in the mud, beside himself. At the ledge the high racketing which has hung in the air most of the day ceased some time ago, and only sporadic R FIRE can be heard now in the distance. As twilight passes into night, the officers discuss the prospects of tomorro and the men clean their weapons. Beneath a canopy of hard, bright stars, the men struggle get a few hours' sleep. Sgt. Welsh walks silently, quietl through their midst. The Japanese dead lie in the moonlig their pockets turned inside out. They are at peace, while living burn and rage.
50) 1) dialog: Storm! 110.
51) 3) dialog: What do you think they're going to say about it? Storm stares at him with dark, haunted eyes.
51) 6) dialog: (bitterly) Nothing! Nothing! Not a fucking thing. Not even a fracture.
51) 8) text: Fife nods. 112. I ain't re@7DRM cant TW hin't supposed to, and I ain't gonna.
51) 9) dialog: I'm the Forward Echelon clerk. I got to go.
51) 11) dialog: I'm a coward.
51) 13) dialog: Some of the guys ain't. Witt, Doll, Bell. Even Charlie Dale.
51) 15) dialog: I mean really a coward.
51) 17) dialog: With you it's different.
51) 19) dialog: I didn't want to be a coward. I never thought I would be. Just turns out I am... I been hiding it.
51) 21) dialog: I do.
51) 23) dialog: All these men around here lookin’ at me like I was a hero. I haven't even done my normal duty...
51) 25) dialog: Maybe I could come to work for you in the kitchen. I mean, since Dale will be making line sergeant you'll have a vacancy, won't you?
51) 27) dialog: No, but I can learn.
51) 29) dialog: Stein'll never let me go. Anyway, I could never ask him.
51) 31) dialog: Yeah. I know, I know. 114. He twists his neck from side to side and peers around the high, dim, hot-aired tent. A single orderly moves down th line of wounded men, sleeping now, each in a cocoon of mosquito netting.
51) 32) dialog: I don't want to let them down. They never let me down. I'd feel like I was hiding. He walks off. He might as well get it over with. If he wa until morning, he might find reasons not to.
52) 0) text: At the door to the tent, an ORDERLY rises to block Fife's path, but Fife pushes on past him.
59) 0) text: Fife and Storm have returned to the company. They are tre as objects of extreme curiosity, even in the midst of the battle. Men who’ve come back from the gone! Questions fly from all sides. Everyone in the company who has not been beyond the normal minor bruises and cuts carries the guil a well man who, through no fault of his own, has not suffered.
59) 2) dialog: What’re you doing with my phone? 131.
59) 5) dialog: I came back from the aid station. I'm supposed to report in. His anger cannot even begin to overcome in him his sense lostness, war terror and terrible aloneness.
59) 7) dialog: What's Weld doing with my telephone?
59) 13) dialog: You knew I might be coming back. You knew I was --
59) 15) dialog: You can't do this to me, Welsh! By God, you can't! You can't take and--
59) 17) dialog: Goddamn you, I notice you didn't make anybody mess sergeant in Stormy's place!
59) 19) dialog: Goddamn you, Welsh! Goddamn you, you son of a bitch!
59) 24) dialog: You don't believe in nothing, do you, Welsh?
59) 26) dialog: You bastard! Fortunately, Lt. Band appears at just this moment. Welsh leaps up to shout "Attention!" while he, Weld and Fife al snap to.
59) 28) text: Certainly hdt BAND eEchte'ld) well! Hello there, Fife! So you made it back. We're glad to have you back with the old outfit. Have you seen my helmet? Band takes off his helmet and shows Fife where a Japanese bullet has passed through the shell. Fife listens to him silence.
59) 29) dialog: Well now, that's remarkable, sir! I wish I could have seen my helmet. I never saw it. Fife's voice shakes with fury, and Welsh grins to himself Everybody in the company has already heard about Band's helmet.
59) 33) text: And he's giliSH{aanta'dpt more. Fife here has more clerical knowledge than anybody in the company except for Dranno.
59) 35) dialog: I'll work for Dranno.
59) 39) text: Fife walks off nodding, but once he is alone, the rebelli comes. All of his fury returns, his fury at Welsh, his fu at Band, his fury at the world. Fuck them. Fuck them all.
59) 41) dialog: Lt. Band, sir, I changed my mind. I'd like to stay. I'd like to go with the rifle squad. Welsh's face turns so red it appears his whole head will burst, but he says not a word in front of Band. The Lieutenant gives Fife a curiously sharp look which makes wonder if he has not been actually and actively seduced. it is too late now.
62) 0) text: Jenks's squad will lead it off. Mazzi kisses a mortar rou and drops it down the tube, as they begin to lay down FIR the slope above them. Fife sits watching a pair of blue butterflies bounce above the grass tops. As he gets himse ready, he can hardly believe what is happening to him. It takes every ounce of courage he has not to turn and run. they start to crawl away, his teeth are chattering and he shaking like a leaf from head to toe.
64) 0) text: Fife has no trouble shooting. When he first sees the scra tattered, scarecrow yellow men FIRING their rifles and MG intently, he can hardly believe it and feels astonished. he sees one Japanese in a hole whirl with a grenade in hi hand and stare at him wide-eyed, he SHOOTS him through th hest and watches him fall. Then he looks around for more targets and sees a Japanese running, trying to make the jungle. Head down, arms pumping, he runs in total despair like a man on a too-swift treadmill which is carrying him backward. Fife leads him just a hair and SHOOTS him throu t t a ° he left side just below the armpit, shouting with elation he man tumbles with a yell just feet away from the jungle nd safety. hen Stein reaches the crest of the hill, he beholds a sce hich will remain with him the rest of his life. His loodthirsty platoons have burst into what is clearly a apanese bivouac area. The tall jungle trees have climbed ut of the gulches and established themselves here on this rest. The Japanese have cleared out all the undergrowth s hat what is taking place here now is taking place as thou n some park. The only thing that is not like a park is th lue mud which is everywhere the ground. In this natural etting, Stein's platoons are SHOOTING and killing Japanes n what appear to be carload lots.
70) 0) text: Bell and some of the other men plead with Witt. Fife does plead but, sitting apart, stares evenly at him. Witt will have to be the first one to speak, and he chooses not to.
77) 0) text: Somewhere in the midst of this great bacchanalian orgy Do Fife and a few other men have stumbled into Queen. Queen raving -- drunk, miserable and alone.
80) 0) text: Drifting away bored, Fife sees Storm and Doll, Queen and few other men tramping down the dusty road toward Rear Echelon HQ. 167.
80) 1) dialog: Where you going?
81) 1) dialog: Hello, Captain. When you leavin'?
81) 9) dialog: There's still time, we ought to all go and make a protest --
84) 0) text: The men crowd wildly around Corporal Weld as he passes ou the mail. Those who have reason to fear their names might be called linger back in the shade of the palms, where th do not risk embarrassment or awkward questions. Fife considers Bell a lucky man.
84) 1) dialog: Six letters!
85) 0) text: Joe Weld and Eddie Train, the stutterer whose lap Fife la in in terror, and the new kid Crown are sitting out drink with two of the cooks when Fife saunters up to them, mout pursed, tongue rubbing slowly over his teeth, his arms dangling.
85) 2) dialog: Sergeant Fife to you, Corporal. And don't ever call me anything else! Weld looks startled for a moment. Then his look of startl turns into a placating smile.
85) 4) dialog: Don't ass-kiss me, you cheap fuck.
85) 7) dialog: Get up, cheap fuck! Get up, job stealer! Get up, and I'll knock you down again. First nearby, then further off, he hears uncaringly the h cries of "Fight! Fight!" and the SOUND of men's feet runn
85) 9) text: It was WelslELa(carided me corporal. Nobody knew you was coming back. I don’t want to fight you, Fife. (repeating it slyly) I just want -- He doesn't finish. Instead, he makes a wild, lunging leap Fife's middle, to grapple. It doesn't succeed. Joyously, steps in again and left-hooks him. This time it is more accurate, and on the jaw. It sends Weld rolling away wild to the ground, where he props himself on his elbows, shak his head. When he rolls over to sit up, Fife dives on him It is as though a sudden scrambled lightning bolt of happ maleness and joyous masculinity has g lit Fife's skull, blinding him with glory. On top of the groggy Weld on the ground, he cuffs and pummels. Growling and cursing high i his throat and crying "Job stealer!" over and over, he punches with both fists and total abandon at the face bel him. Finally they pull him off of him.
85) 10) dialog: Lemme go! Somebody helps Weld up. His nose is broken and bleeding. eyes are puffed almost shut. Blood runs from his mouth between his broken lips and he looks bewildered. Fife, standing unheld now and in command of himself again though breathing hard, stares at him feeling both happine and consternation at the destruction he has caused. He is proud of himself, but he hasn't really meant to hurt anyo Train and Crown take the swaying Weld by the arms to lead away .
85) 11) dialog: Hey! Hey! Don't do that! Don't go! Let's have a drink. No hard feelings! Fife marvels at how frail and hollow he seems, this man w once stirred such a sinking fear in him. From ten yards a Weld stops and looks back at him. He is weeping and at th same time trying not to. He seems to be searching his fud head for the very worst thing he can think of to call Fif
85) 13) dialog: Okay. Be a jerk! (turning to the two cooks) Either of you guys want some? He grins at them. Both of them, though they are bigger th Fife, shake their heads in silence. Fife walks along rubb his bruised hands. Around them the men are beginning to disperse now that it is over.
85) 15) dialog: Leave me alone. Fife's eyes flash with anger; he does not wish to be congratulated. Doll does not take offense but, with a delicate nod, lets the subject drop. He sees Fife is limp
92) 0) text: Fife goes up to Witt and smiles. Squinting his eyes and putting his head a little to one side and grinning, he sa
92) 1) dialog: Hello, Witt. Or are you still not speakin’ to me? Witt grins back. He seems to sense some change he likes. are alone on the plantation's dusty veranda. Chairs and tables surround them, with other vestiges of some domesti life before the war: a home, destroyed.
92) 3) dialog: Because if you're not, I thought we might as well have it out right here and now. Fife grins. Witt nods, still grinning. Apparently he has heard about Fife's new fighting prowess.
92) 5) dialog: There ain't really no need though -- (grinning) -- now. Since you're talking to me. Is there?
92) 7) dialog: What do you say we have a slug of swipe instead? They laugh and shake hands, friends again. Fife's eyes st with tears of gratitude.
95) 0) text: Fife claws the ground. All the confidence has gone out of him; he is right back where he started. It takes every ou of courage he can muster not to break and run, just to st it out. He can do it and he does, but it costs him more t it does the others, like Doll or Bell. He has to work har at it. It seems he isn't what he thought he was. Courage never be a possession with him. Doll orders his squad around. The inexperienced men flinc and gasp at each BURST from the mortars.
96) 14) dialog: I'll go. 183. The words are out of his mouth before he knows it. Witt frowns. (Cover Welsh’s reactions as well.)
97) 3) dialog: Why me? Let's both go. Witt thinks about it for a moment. The Japanese advance quickly, silently; this will be a surprise attack.
98) 0) text: Fife runs like a desperate man, breaking a way through th branches with his rifle, until he reaches the company. 185.
98) 1) dialog: Go back! Get back! Quick!
99) 0) text: Witt waits until the Japanese are practically on top of h before he OPENS FIRE. They are caught by surprise. Clearl they had not expected to meet resistance so soon. A small Japanese soldier with a .31 Caliber machine gun strapped his back advances toward him. He cannot reach back and fi the gun himself; his job is merely to serve as a tripod f it. Seeing Witt, he throws himself on the ground and digs like a badger. Other Japanese soldiers dash forward to squeeze the trigger. One by one Witt shoots them down; quickly, decisively, with daring and skill. Soon mortar rounds begin to fall among the enemy soldiers. He looks b over his shoulder. Perhaps Fife has reported their positi perhaps the Japanese will stop and he'll get out of this.
102) 0) text: Fife listens, numb with terror, as American artillery rou SCREAM overhead. His grimy face is streaked with tears. Before him on the ground lies a perfect seashell.
104) 0) text: Fife, Bell, Welsh, Queen and Doll are gathered under the spell of their comrade's death. Fife feels tie with them Even with Charlie Dale. Even with the slain Japanese who here and there like shoeless, sleeping children. It is as though he had died himself and were watching the scene li ghost, from the other side.
104) 1) dialog: You're not alone. Can you hear me? 187. He sits with his friend and holds his hand and does not u another word. He looks intently into the dead face. At la he puts Witt's hand down and walks away, alone.
106) 0) text: Witt is buried at the edge of the straight red road. They his rifle in the ground, set his helmet on it and tie a dogtag to the triggerguard. Fife's terror passes graduall over into a longing for life and peace. The sun gleams through the trees overhead, through the wild bananas and looping lianas.
107) 0) text: Fife is walking to morning chow with Bell when he turns h ankle on a half-dried rut in the road and goes down with thud.
107) 3) dialog: I stepped on it wrong.
107) 6) dialog: What if they turn me down?
108) 1) dialog: Well, if it will help it, sir -- I guess I am. Haines shrugs, and again his eyes glint. He turns to the orderly. Doc HAINES Admit this man for evacuation. 189. Fife is afraid to believe it, lest something happen to ch it. Just like that. Just like that, and he is out. Out! O Why does he suddenly feel so guilty, so alone? The evacuation order is si calls and stamped. As he is go out the flap Doc Haines calls out to him. Doc HAINES You're a sergeant now, I see. You were a corporal before, weren't you? Fife nods.
109) 0) text: Outside the tent Bell slaps him on the back. Fife tries t look joyful -- Bell seems to expect it -- but somehow he cannot. Things are going so fast. Already a new destiny i upon him.
110) 0) text: Fife and Bell sit on a packing crate in a supply area.
110) 2) dialog: I got my squad. They depend on me. I don't want to let them down. They never let me down.
110) 4) dialog: This is the first time in my life I ever belonged to something -- where I had a place, a real job. Bell nods. MUSIC enters. 190.
110) 6) dialog: I was afraid up there. It was as bad as ever. I was lying there and those treebursts were coming in -- I thought I wasn't going to get up. I thought they were going to have to send the MPs after me. (looking off) I thought I'd licked it. Once and for all. That I wouldn't be afraid n more. It's going to keep coming back. I'm going to have to fight it every day of my life. (after a pause) I don't want to run from a fight. Only thing, I still want to have a wife and kids... Witt was my best friend.
110) 8) dialog: If I go back I'm finished. I'll go over the hill or go crazy, one.
111) 0) text: Fife walks along the shore, alone. Crabs scuttle back and forth on the seething wet sand. He sees the broken shells the wavy lines of wrack, a germinating coconut. Is life l the sea, brutal and relentless? Does it know, or care, wh it smashes on the rocks?
117) 0) text: Welsh sees Fife and wanders over to his bed.
117) 1) dialog: What’re you doing here, First?
117) 3) dialog: Yeah.
117) 5) dialog: Three days.
117) 7) dialog: You know, First. I been thinkin’. Maybe I ought to stay. 195.
117) 9) dialog: Well, yes. I mean, you know, I'm gonna miss the comp’ny. And it's -- it's sort of like running out. In one way. Fife does not want to leave this island a coward or a sne He expected to be admired for it; instead Welsh leers at in silence, his mad eyes gleaming.
117) 11) dialog: You think so? I thought I might slip out of here tonight maybe.
117) 13) dialog: You fucking bastard! You're sick! You feel sorry for yourself! Bastard! The orderlies rush down the aisle to calm him. Silently, struggling not to, Fife weeps tears of rage and desperati
118) 0) text: MUSIC enters as three days later Fife boards a cargo plan No one from the company is present to see him off; they a all far away, on the other side of the island. He bobs li cork in a sea of men he does not know. 196.