37) 25) dialog: I'll do it myself. Stein gives his binoculars to ist Lt. Band, his exec, the turns back to Doll and begins to question him about the attack, casualties, the present position of the platoon. While they are talking Welsh looks over the crest at the Platoon flattened out and looking back this way, watching their commander, who conceivably might order them to go o the crest again.
37) 33) dialog: Hey, Jim! Hey, Captain Stein! I just saw five more leaving the left ridge, with two MGs. I think they really are pulling out.
37) 39) dialog: But, Jim. Really, Jim, I don't -- There's other men wounded. 61.
37) 44) dialog: But, Jim, really, he's not --
37) 47) dialog: That's it, Jim. Don't you see? Don't you think he ought to wait his turn? Isn't that only fair?
37) 49) dialog: Why put him ahead of some other guy?
38) 25) dialog: Give them hell, Sergeant! Give them hell! The two attacking squads soon separate themselves from th other half of the platoon. Most of them, in their bodily attitudes and in their faces, resemble sheep about to be to the slaughter pens in Chicago. They wait. Keck has onl crawl to them.
38) 83) dialog: What are we gonna do? From below the insane series of YELLS comes again, identi unchanging. Stein and Band aren't the only ones to hear t The entire remainder of the 2nd Platoon lying along the c of the swell have heard him. So has the Medic who is now running bent over along the slope to Stein. Fife pricks h ears. The mortar shells are still falling every minute or two. Sometimes you can hear their fluttery SHU-ING sound two seconds before they hit; and Fife is completely terrorized by them.
38) 110) dialog: They can't all be dead, McCron.
41) 4) dialog: Sir? I think the medics can go out pick up the wounded now.
43) 9) dialog: (in a faint voice) I should have been a chaplain. I could have, you know. I'm an ordained minister. I never should have fooled around with the Infantry. My wife told me. 99.
43) 11) dialog: You boys want to pray with me?
43) 13) dialog: (without opening his eyes) All right. I'll do it myself. You boys go ahead. Witt does what he can to make Gore comfortable. As they c out one by one on their faces and bellies so as not to ma the same mistake Gore made, the faint voice drones on. Da goes first, then Doll, with Witt immediately behind him.
43) 16) dialog: Thanks, son. Which one are you? I don't want to open my eyes if I can help it.
43) 18) dialog: Oh, yes. Well, if you get the chance, maybe you can say some little prayer for me. I don't want to embarrass you. It certainly can't do no harm, can it?
46) 5) dialog: Well, Dale, what was it like up there? (as bale shrugs) Didn't you feel anything up there?
46) 7) dialog: Well, you hardly look it, Sergeant.
46) 9) dialog: But when those men were hit! One died! You knew them!
57) 34) text: Don't be itQdny TAbt (cat répair them. We attack in one hour! It is now twelve thirty-eight on my mark... Mark! While Tall and Gaff go off, Stein takes Lt. Band aside.
57) 36) dialog: Let us lead it off, sir.
59) 27) dialog: You don't have to call attention every time I show up, Sergeant. I've told you that. (MORE)
59) 30) dialog: It's too bad you couldn't have kept it for a souvenir. Well then! Corporal Fife! I guess we better decide what to do about you, then, Fife. Hunh? Since Weld here is now corporal and clerk, we can't very well demote him back to private. Neither can we have two clerks. And since Weld is older than Fife besides being considerably less well-trained I don't see how we can send him off to take second command of a rifle squad. All Fife's anger runs out of him like water as he realize the tack Band is taking, and he decides, too late, that h could have been much nicer about Band's helmet. Terror balloons in him as he remembers that hellish exposed slop down there.
59) 31) dialog: Soo -- How would you like to become second in command of a top-rated rifle squad, Fife? Sergeant Jenks's squad of the 3rd Platoon has no corporal. You'll see plenty of action! I guarantee it!
59) 34) dialog: All right! Now you have a choice, Fife! which do you prefer?
59) 36) dialog: All right! When do you want him to leave, Sergeant?
59) 38) dialog: There you are, Corporal! Okay. You can go.
59) 42) dialog: Okay. Report to Jenks's squad. 136. As Fife anticipated, no sooner does he leave than he immediately regrets what he has done. The only real pleas was the look on Welsh's face.
60) 0) text: Ten minutes ago Becker's men were laughing and proud. Now suddenly, they are quiet, their eyes starry with fear. Be comes to Lt. Band with a deeply frowning face.
60) 2) dialog: Fair? What's not fair? What's fair got to do with it? No, I'm afraid I'll have to deny your request Sergeant. Your platoon is the best we've got. They've got more experience, they're tougher, they belong out in front.
60) 4) dialog: I'm afraid it is, Sergeant
60) 6) dialog: As I said, fair has nothing to do with it. Unfortunately. In a war everything useful has to be used. Here it's me who decides what is most useful where. Any other questions, Sergeant Becker? 137.
60) 8) dialog: Then that's all.
60) 10) dialog: Sergeant! Becker swings around. He is only fifteen feet away. Nobod else is close enough to overhear what Band now says.
60) 11) dialog: I want to tell you something, Sergeant. Do you know why our platoon's going up first? Do you know why they're moving out first today in this attack? Because I volunteered us for it.
60) 14) dialog: That's right. And do you know why I did? It was because I felt, with our superior combat experience, we'd be more useful. To Regiment to the Division, to everybody.
60) 16) dialog: That's all, Sergeant. 138.
68) 5) dialog: Okay. Sit down, Witt, sit down. Make yourself com-fort-able. But you're not "Private" any more you're “Acting Sergeant” Witt. I heard Captain Stein made you one this morning. You seen my helmet witt?
68) 8) dialog: That's something, isn't it, hunh? Shot it right off my head.
68) 10) dialog: I never knew these things ever really protected anybody. I'm going to keep this, the shell anyway -- take it home with me. But sit down Witt, sit down.
68) 12) dialog: (his eager smile vanishing) Oh? All right, Witt. What was it you wanted, Witt? 153.
68) 14) dialog: Well that isn't necessary, Witt. I think we can arrange to have you transferred. Don't worry about being AWOL. You've been a pretty valuable man the last couple of days.
68) 16) dialog: You know, we're short of noncoms. Tomorrow I intend to make all the temporary ranks permanent. A bribe. Witt can smell Welsh watching with supreme disgu Band's eyes suddenly narrow above his still-smiling mouth
68) 17) dialog: You still want to go? All right, Witt. I guess there's really no way I can stop you officially. Anyway, I wouldn't want a man in my command who didn't want to serve under me.
68) 19) dialog: Okay, Witt. But I feel that's not up to us to judge. Every army is bigger than any single man in it. 154.
68) 21) dialog: That's all, Witt. Oh, Witt! (as Witt turns back) Perhaps you'd like a letter to present to your company commander in Cannon Company attesting to where you've been the past two days. If you would, I'd be glad to write one for you.
68) 23) dialog: Sergeant, write a letter saying To Whom It May Concern that Witt has been with this organization the past two days in the thick of the fighting and has been recommended for decorations.
68) 25) dialog: Don't argue with me, Sergeant! Write the letter! Take this sheet of paper and write the letter
68) 31) dialog: There's no need to go now, Witt. It's practically dark. You can wait till tomorrow.
69) 1) dialog: Sergeant, I can't help noting a tone of subtle ridicule in everything you say. For some time I've felt you're not always properly respectful to the company officers.
69) 3) dialog: Sergeant, don't ever get the idea you're indispensable.
74) 0) text: Inside Mazzi's tent everybody is busy knocking Lt. Band.
86) 0) text: Down in the palm grove Col. Tall talks with a small group newsmen. He has somehow come into possession of a jewel- encrusted Samurai sword and carries it under his arm in p of the baton. Captain Gaff and Lt. Band are with him, eac with his personal baggage. A jeep waits nearby, and a mov camera records the scene.