3) 0) text: CORPORAL FIFE, the orderly room clerk, sits against a bulkhead, sick with fear. Beads of moisture cover the ste walls. The fighting men of C-for-Charlie Company pick the wet shirts loose from their armpits, look at their watche and wait impatiently. The bunks are covered with their ge there is nowhere to sit except in the companionways. On Fife's right, PVTS MAZZI and TILLS clutch their knees.
3) 1) dialog: You think we'll catch a fucking air raid?
3) 3) dialog: You're a big help, Tills: nothin’ Tell me nothin’. I'll tell you somethin’. We're sittin’ out here on this ocean like a couple fucking ducks in these here boats, that’s what.
3) 5) dialog: Yeah? Well, brood on it, Tills. Brood on it. In one place a blackjack game has been started. Elsewhere little knots of men have formed and stand or sit talking earnestly to each other with widened eyes while hardly hearing what is said. Every so often an LCI, caught wrong a wave, BANGS against the hull and REVERBERATES through t closed space of the dim hold, an anguished STEEL CRY. On Fife's left, PRIVATE FIRST CLASS DOLL is standing with CORPORAL QUEEN, a huge, amiable Texan.
3) 14) dialog: Ain't interested.
3) 16) dialog: Wouldn't be interested if it wadn't.
3) 18) dialog: Yeah? Well, have fun.
3) 21) dialog: All I want is to get ashore. And off of this fat sitting fucking duck we all sittin' on out here on this flat water.
3) 24) dialog: Thanks.
3) 27) dialog: Scared? ‘Course I ain't scared! Are you?
3) 29) dialog: Okay then. Shut up. Doll throws back his head and laughs and steps out throug the bulkhead.
3) 30) dialog: That guy just ain't hep. He’s as unhep as a box.
3) 32) dialog: Hell no, he won't get no pistol.
3) 34) dialog: Well, you ain't by yourself, Tills. All I know, I never bargained for nothin’ like this when I signed up in this man's Army back in the Bronx before the war. How did I know they was gonna be a fucking war, hanh? Answer me that.
3) 36) dialog: All I know, old Charlie Company always gets screwed. Always. And I can tell you whose fault it is. Bugger Stein's, that's who. First he gets us stuck off on this boat clean away from our own outfit where we don't know a fucking soul. Then he gets us stuck way down in fourth pace on the list to get off this son of a bitch. At the other end of the companionway, CAPT. JAMES STEIN t privately with First Sergeant Welsh.
6) 0) text: Doll returns to C-for-Charlie in the second forward hold. Tills, Mazzi and Fife have not moved. Doll steps up with hands on his hips, his right one resting on the pistol.
6) 1) dialog: Hello, lover-boy. Where you been?
6) 3) dialog: Think of what?
6) 6) dialog: Just what I fucking said before. The guy's a jerkoff. 13.
6) 8) dialog: So he's a jerkoff with a pistol.
6) 10) dialog: That's right. What's a fucking pistol? Leave it, Tills; leave it You wanna do somethin', go do somethin'.
12) 2) dialog: You'd shit, too.
16) 1) dialog: He's nuts! Plain fucking nuts! Tills sits on a five-gallon water can buttoning their she halves together. Mazzi gathers their combined ten tent pe having stretched the wet ropes as best he can. 20.
16) 2) dialog: You think these goddamn little old pegs going to hold in this muck? I was company commander of this company, there'd be a lotta changes around here, and pretty damn fuckin' quick. And up yours, Tills. You about finished there?
16) 4) dialog: Germs? Sure there's germs.
16) 6) dialog: Why, hell yes. Don't you read the papers? This island's loaded with all kinds of germs. And where do you find germs? In dirt. Malaria germs...
16) 8) dialog: Sure, but where do they get them? From dirt. There's --
16) 10) dialog: Okay, sure. But where they come from first? Everybody knows germs come from dirt and bein' dirty. You'll prob'ly be sick as a dog tomorra, Tills.
16) 12) dialog: Who? Me? What'd I do? You ast me a question, I answered it for you. (MORE )
27) 1) dialog: This Tills. He spent more time on his belly than he did up on his feet. I don't see how he managed to keep up with the rest of us. Ain't that right, Tills? Didn't you?
27) 3) dialog: Did you see me? You fucking-A, you didn't, Tills. what was the use? Anybody could tell that fire wasn't aimed fire. It was stray stuff from the ridge. Could hit you just as well layin' down as standin' up. Maybe better.
27) 8) dialog: I guess you stood up there like a big fucking hero, fuckface. They unship their entrenching tools and start digging. Fi goes over to Welsh who is preparing to dig digging. Storm 37.
27) 13) dialog: Shoot me the finger, will ya? I didn't pick you for a buddy. I don't like to be buddying with a hick from Hicksville who ain't even hep. I got no choice. I treat you right and give you good advice. You ignore it, do something else, always wrong. You won't never learn.
27) 15) dialog: This time, Tills, you tore it. I ain't going to have nothing more to do with you.
27) 17) dialog: I ain't going to dig with you. I'm going to dig with Sico. I'm going up the ridge, and fuck you. Do your own damn thinkin’! He can feel Tills looking after him as he walks up to the crest, to join his New York buddies in the 1st Platoon, b he ignores him.
62) 0) text: Jenks's squad will lead it off. Mazzi kisses a mortar rou and drops it down the tube, as they begin to lay down FIR the slope above them. Fife sits watching a pair of blue butterflies bounce above the grass tops. As he gets himse ready, he can hardly believe what is happening to him. It takes every ounce of courage he has not to turn and run. they start to crawl away, his teeth are chattering and he shaking like a leaf from head to toe.
63) 5) dialog: Help! Help! Help! To his eternal shame, it is Tills who comes back for him. Eyes glaring wildly also, running hurriedly in a crouch, comes up, surveys the scene, and frees him. Mazzi has bee pushing and plunging forward all the time. Tills merely shoves him backward two feet and the snag comes free. The making a lip-lifting mock of a grin, he spits brown from quid in his jaw, and runs on. When they come out into the bright, eye-beating light of safety behind their own still-advancing lines, they see t other members of the squad already setting up, resetting bubble levels.
63) 6) dialog: Just don't think it makes me like you any better.
74) 0) text: Inside Mazzi's tent everybody is busy knocking Lt. Band.
74) 2) dialog: So tell him! what the fuck's the good of sittin' around here yackin' about it? Carni, slack-faced with malarial fever, and the leader of little Greater New York group of hep guys, looks over at and asks in a voice hollow with fever and cynicism:
74) 6) dialog: (getting up drunkenly) All right, by God I will. He marches out of the tent and staggers through the coco palms toward Band's HQ tent. The others follow him at a distance, sniggering happily, content to let him take the dangerous chance alone. All, that is, except Carni,' who cannot get out of his bed.
75) 0) text: Despair, hatred and unredeemable misery rage in Mazzi's h after the humiliation of his rescue by Tills. 161. It had to be that fucking Tills! So far Tills has not tol anybody, but he might.
75) 2) dialog: Fuck you.
75) 5) dialog: Fuck it! I don't care one way or the other. I don't fucking care. Worse it is, the better! (toward the tent) Come out, you son of a bitch! I said came out, shiteater! Come out and find out what the men in your outfit think of you, Band! You want to know what we think of you? Glory hunter! Come on, volunteer us for somethin' else! From Band's blacked-out tent just the faintest hint of li creeps out to the waiting men outside. Inside the tent nothing seems to move. Other men have begun to gather aro too now, their grinning teeth white in the bright moonlig Aware of them, Mazzi rages on, marching back and forth an swinging his skinny arms, compounding insult and profanit with great artistry.
75) 6) dialog: You're a prick, Band! A schmuck! C'mon out, I'll take you myself! Everybody in this outfit hates your guts! Did you know that! How does it feel! How does it feel! Finally the light in the tent goes out. Then the flap is thrown back and Band stands in the doorway leaning on his hand on the canvas. He sways ever so slightly, but says nothing. Slowly the men begin to drift away awkwardly. Th fun is gone. 162.
75) 7) dialog: You think that fucking hero helmet means anything longside the good dead men that are really dead?
75) 9) dialog: And that's what we think of you! So court-martial me! He stalks off proudly. Band feels sick. To think he loved them all like children! Mazzi's tight little Greater New clan congratulates him all the way back to the tents, crowding around him to slap his back and shake his hand. that Band's silent face is no longer before them, the fun come back.
75) 10) dialog: I sure got him told! I sure got him told! And he never said one word back! Then suddenly he sees Tills's mocking, lip-lifting face square in front of him and is startled into a new hollow apathy. He tries to brave it out, chuckling hollowly to h new satellite Carni.
75) 11) dialog: I sure got him told!
75) 14) dialog: Don't you tell no lies, Tills!