18) 0) text: Tonight C-for-Charlie receives its first dosage of Atabri Standing by the Lister bag at the head of the chow line Storm doles out the yellow pills himself, chaffing everyo good-naturedly, but determined that nobody is going to av taking his medicine.
20) 0) text: Stein is writing a letter by candlelight when he hears th noise of a Japanese plane high overhead. (Washing Machine Charlie.) Suddenly the earth is SHAKING around him. Panic an objectless fright seize him, and he surges blindly out his tent, scrambling toward a nearby slit trench. Down the long aisle of the coconut groves, the KLAXONS be their mournful, insistent belching. Above, three weak searchlight beams feebly finger the sky. Now and then the see the single QUICK BLINK of an antiaircraft shell exploding. Finally, there is the SHUTTERING, THIN sound o the motor, or motors, up there in the dark. Then, from th direction of the airfield, come the CA-RUMPING explosions walking slowly toward them in great giant strides. The klaxons keep up their long, monotonous, insane, GROWLING protest, and the antiaircraft guns PUMP their useless laughable shells up into the night sky, as the ball-shrin ROAR of the bombs advances. 26. Suddenly, there is a huge, ear-filling, impersonal, rushi FLUTTER descending like an express train, then a flash of light. It is strange that only one man is wounded. By all rights, there should be many more. The wounded man is Pfc Marl, the Nebraska dry-dirt farmer. A piece of the daisycutter has whistled into his hole and cut off his ri hand as neatly as a surgeon could have done with a knife. When Marl yells, Welsh leaps in with him and puts a tourniquet on him until the medic can get there.
20) 4) dialog: Can you walk?
25) 0) text: MUSIC enters as they begin to climb. Gradually, they come of the jungle onto the grassy slopes above. S/SGT. STACK, tough, hard-faced old disciplinarian who leads 3rd Platoo has suffered a collapse. He the trail with his legs press tightly together and his rifle in his lap, shaking all ov The medics have put a tag on him and thrust a stick in hi hand.
26) 5) dialog: Can you walk?
35) 18) dialog: Yes, sir. 53.
38) 84) dialog: There's nothing anybody can do that’ll help him. He'll be dead before they can ever get him back to a surgeon. He's got dirt all over his bowels. Even sulfa won't fix that. In these jungles?
38) 86) dialog: Two hours? Four, maybe? Maybe only one. Maybe less. The Medic 78.
38) 89) dialog: Maybe it's worth a try.
38) 91) dialog: At least I could get a syrette of morphine into him.
38) 93) dialog: Not for long. But I could give him two. I could leave him three or four for himself.
38) 95) dialog: That would kill him, sir. I couldn't do that, I really couldn't.
38) 98) dialog: I'll go, sir. After all, it's my job. After all, it's worth a try, isn't it, sir? To stop the yells.
38) 100) dialog: I'm volunteering. I've been down there before. They won't hit me, sir.
38) 102) dialog: I'm volunteering. Agonized, Stein waits several seconds before he speaks.
38) 104) dialog: Any time. Right now.
38) 106) dialog: I'd rather go now, sir. And get it over with. They have been lying side by side, their helmets almost touching as they talk, and now Stein turns to look at the boy. He cannot help wondering whether he has talked this into volunteering.
38) 113) dialog: Yes, sir. Come on, Mac. That's it Come on, boy. It'll be all right. It'll be all right.