25) 0) text: MUSIC enters as they begin to climb. Gradually, they come of the jungle onto the grassy slopes above. S/SGT. STACK, tough, hard-faced old disciplinarian who leads 3rd Platoo has suffered a collapse. He the trail with his legs press tightly together and his rifle in his lap, shaking all ov The medics have put a tag on him and thrust a stick in hi hand.
25) 1) dialog: Don't go up there! You'll be killed! Don't go up there! You'll be killed! 34. The entire company has to pass him, one at a time and man man, in single file, as if passing in some macabre review
55) 0) text: Suddenly, they are out and crawling along the narrow, familiar trough. Gaff in the lead, each man careful of th spot where the trough opens out into the ledge and Lt. Go got himself killed. 118. Gaff looks off toward the strongpoint, but without raisin his head high enough to see anything above the grass. Are they waiting? Are they watching? Are they looking at this particularly open spot? He cannot know. With a sudden gasp, he bounces up and takes off with his rifle at high port, running agonizingly slowly and pullin his knees up high to clear the matted kunai grass like a football player running through stacks of old tires. Not shot is fired. He dives in behind the shoulder of the kno and lies there. After waiting a full minute, he motions t next man, Queen, to come on. Queen takes off running in t same way, the shotgun in his hands, his helmet straps flagging. Just before he reaches the shoulder, a single machine gun OPENS UP, but he dives to safety. The machine STOPS. The third man, Doll, falls. He is only about five yards o when several MGs OPEN UP. They are watching this time. It only twenty yards across, the open space, but it seems mu longer. He is already breathing in ripping gasps. Then hi foot catches in a hole in the mat of old grass and he is down. Oh, no! his mind screams at him in panic. Not me! N after all the rest that's happened to me! Blindly, spitti grass seeds and dust, he clambers up and staggers on. He ten yards more to go, and he makes it. But now all the MGs from the strongpoint are FIRING, hosi down the trough itself, as well as the open space. BULLET tear over the heads of Dale, Witt and Bell in bunches whi RATTLE and bruise the thin bushes. It is now Dale's turn go, and he is furious.
122) 0) text: Their route leads them past the new cemetery. Plodding al gasping in the airless humidity, the cemetery looks very green and cool to them. The area has been well drained, a blue-grass has been planted on it. Quartermaster men move here and there, keeping it up and tending it. Big sprinkl send their long gossamer jets swirling through the air ab the crosses. Already grass rises from the grave mounds. EXT. BEACH (WANGETTI) LCIs - DAY They arrive at the beach. LCIs ply the waters between the beach and the big ships that wait offshore to receive the Melanesian stevedores work among the stacks of crates. A sailor standing on an oil drum, signalling the ships with semaphore flags.