0) 0) text: The river Thames at daybreak, street-lamps reflected in t water. TILT UP to reveal the London Embankment, Big Ben i the background. Jack, an eternally optimistic lamplighter, climbs a ladde that leans against a lamppost, silhouetted against the da He dims the light and slides down to the ground. “LOVELY LONDON SKY"
0) 1) dialog: 
0) 9) dialog: 
1) 0) text: Jack rides along the embankment, the bridge at his back.
1) 1) text: As Jack rides down an alley adjacent to a pub, three STRE URCHINS chase behind him. An urchin helps him to shut off a street-lamp.
1) 2) dialog: 
1) 10) dialog: 
2) 0) text: Jack passes St. Paul’s. A few HOMELESS PEOPLE sleep on th cathedral steps.
2) 1) dialog: 
3) 0) text: CLOSE on Jack’s wheels as he winds his way through the pa As he rides along the path, he nods to a gruff PARK KEEPE spearing rubbish into a bag, who gives him a dirty look.
3) 1) text: Jack whistles as he rides onto Cherry Tree Lane, a street lined with 19th-Century homes. He passes the neighboring MILKMAN, giving him a wave.
3) 4) dialog: LISTEN... SOON THIS SLUMP’LL
9) 0) text: Michael carries the trash bin out to leave by the side of house, then goes back inside. A beat, and then the wind stirs. The kite shudders and lifts into the air, blown ou the trash bin. It skitters across the lane, past Jack, who is riding his bicycle. He stops in his tracks, watching the kite skip b The behavior of this kite strikes him as unusual, to say least. He glances up, sensing something in the air.
9) 1) dialog: (Singing softly:)
9) 6) dialog: ‘Scuse me, children - coming through!
9) 14) dialog: Hold on...! Jack grabs hold of Georgie, pulls him down. They both pul the kite string with all their might. The sky begins to c the clouds part, and a figure, holding onto the kite’s ta comes into view... It is MARY POPPINS! Dressed in a long coat, scarf, and eccentric hat, Mary Poppins carries a carpetbag in her free hand and has a pa headed umbrella tucked under her arm. JACK (cont'd) As I live and breathe... The twins scramble through the bushes just in time to see Mary Poppins glide the last five or so feet to the ground The moment Mary Poppins lands, she addresses Georgie. Jac reels in the kite string. Brusquely:
9) 17) dialog: (Beaming: ) Because she’s Mary Poppins, of course! And may I say you look lovely, as always. 22
9) 19) dialog: Good to see you too, Mary Poppins. (To the children: ) I was just your age when we first met, working for a chimney sweep. Jack hands the kite back to Georgie.
9) 21) dialog: Traveling the world he is, off to points unknown.
9) 23) dialog: Go on. The twins then hurry after their brother. Jack follows be and picks up his bike off the ground.
24) 4) dialog: Mary Poppins! How are you this fine evening?
24) 6) dialog: (Climbing up:) Y’know, when I was a lad, I used to wave up to the boy and girl who lived here.
24) 8) dialog: Miss Jane Banks, that’s right. I see Mr. Banks about now and again -— it’s been ages since I’ve seen her. Now that Mary Poppins’ back is turned, John taps Annabel the shoulder and hurries over to the mantelpiece. They ta in whispers.
24) 16) dialog: It’s a good thing you come along when you did, Mary Poppins. As they tussle, the bowl slips and hits the floor, cracki it and breaking a wedge-shaped piece from the rim. JACK (cont'd) (Wincing: ) That didn’t sound good, now did it? John picks up the bowl. Mary Poppins doesn’t turn.
24) 34) dialog: Ay, there’s the riddle. Them what broke it fixes it. That’s what I say. What do you think, Mary Poppins?
24) 37) dialog: I know a bit about fixing carriages.
25) 0) text: ... the ANIMATED WORLD of the Doulton china bowl. Jack an the children are stunned to discover they’re now wearing of-the-century dress. Mary Poppins holds an elegant paras While they are still very much real, everything around th is animated.
25) 4) dialog: Looks like we’re in China, so to speak. Mary Poppins slides down a porcelain slope to the carriag
25) 21) dialog: I wouldn’t mind one m’self.
25) 36) dialog: Hold on! The carriage climbs up the side of the bowl and turns ups down as it follows the path up the edge of the bowl and crosses over the lip.
25) 58) dialog: THERE’S A LOTTA BIRDS QUEUING UP (A monkey lands on Jack's head: )
25) 67) dialog: 
26) 0) text: It is now NIGHTTIME. Mary Poppins, Jack and the children themselves in line at the grand music hall tent, which is festooned with lights. The children are astounded.
26) 3) dialog: (Shrugs: ) One thing you should know about Mary Poppins - she never explains anything.
27) 7) text: Enthusiastic animal patrons fill the tiered seating that surrounds the stage. Mary Poppins, Jack and the children hurry to front-row seats. John sits down and immediately jumps up again. He turns t see a hedgehog family on the seat beneath him. Mr. Hedgeh doffs his cap. John smiles back and sits one seat in. Applause. Lights out. Drum roll. Rimshot - a spotlight hi center stage. The children are surprised to see Jack, who just next to them, now standing in the spotlight.
27) 8) dialog: Bucks and mares, cubs and does - welcome to our show of shows! Georgie places Gillie in Jack’s now-empty seat. JACK (cont'd) It is my great honor to introduce this evening’s renowned guest... the one, the only MARY POPPINS! 54 The crowd goes wild. Jack bounds to the front of the stag offer her his hand. Mary Poppins joins him onstage.
27) 10) dialog: C’mon - have a go!
27) 47) dialog: 
27) 54) dialog: Shall we do the one about the “Wealthy Widow?”
27) 56) dialog: Always loved that one!
27) 58) dialog: 
27) 63) dialog: 
27) 68) dialog: 
27) 83) dialog: (Aside, worried: ) Isn't that one a bit long?
27) 85) dialog: 
27) 132) dialog: 
27) 137) dialog: Sing it out strong...!
27) 144) dialog: 
30) 57) dialog: Oh, dear - I am so sorry, miss! 66 He scrambles to help her pick them up.
30) 62) dialog: You're Miss Banks, aren’t you? I don’t know if you remember me, but I used to wave to you when I’d see you up there in that very window. In the background, Ellen peers through the letter box.
30) 64) dialog: ‘Course I was much younger then -
30) 66) dialog: SPRUCE, eh? Good for you, Jane Banks - all us lamplighters know what a fine job you’re doing for the workers.
30) 68) dialog: You ever need a ladder raised or a lamp lit, consider it done.
31) 0) text: Michael hurries out the front door of the house, barely noticing Jack and Aunt Jane as he passes them. An ELEGANT WOMAN approaches from the opposite direction, holding a p of paper with an address on it.
31) 11) dialog: I'll give you a lift. My rounds are done. He turns his ladder sideways, setting it astride and fastening it to the rear fender of the bike. He buckles i up.
31) 13) dialog: All aboard - come on.
31) 18) dialog: (Quickly interceding. ) Never you mind about that - it’s a question of balance. Jack kicks off the bike guard as Mary Poppins puts the briefcase in the front basket then holds the bicycle stea JACK (cont'd) (He lifts Annabel onto the bike.) Annabel here, and then John here. He balances them on one side of the ladder.
31) 21) dialog: Georgie, you’re up front... (He sets Georgie on top of the briefcase.) And Mary Poppins, you here... 70
31) 25) dialog: Ready everyone?
31) 29) dialog: Steady... ON THE ROOFTOP —
31) 32) dialog: Go! BOOM! Jack launches forward. The bike teeters, looking ce to crash, then Jack gets it under control and pedals off. EXT. THE STREET IN FRONT OF COUSIN TOPSY’S SHOP - DAY Jack, Mary Poppins and the children ride the precarious bicycle along a city street.
31) 34) dialog: Never noticed this alley before.
31) 37) dialog: Looks as though it’s just a Small Fix-it Shop today.
31) 57) dialog: (To Topsy: ) That’s an unusual accent you’ve got there - where are you from?
31) 110) dialog: (Holding up a drum:
31) 137) dialog: I wouldn't mind seeing things from that angle.
31) 145) dialog: 
31) 162) dialog: 
31) 181) dialog: Nice meeting you, “Topsy Turvy.”
32) 0) text: Jack, Mary Poppins and the children ride down the street.
32) 7) dialog: Say, I could come back and give you a hand with all that once I’ve dropped the others at the bank.
32) 11) dialog: Of course not. I was hoping to stop by that rally of yours, anyway.
32) 14) dialog: I think she’1ll be better here. Up you go now!
32) 16) dialog: (To Aunt Jane:) Ready?
36) 13) dialog: That would depend on where you want to go. A light appears through the fog. Jack smiles down at them from a streetlamp that hangs from an archway behind them.
36) 15) dialog: At your service. Jack climbs halfway down and sits on a ledge just above M Poppins and the children, peering down at them. JACK (cont'd) Say, what’s with all the glum faces? Lost sixpence and found a penny?
36) 19) dialog: (Not believing it:) “Lost” - are you, Mary Poppins?
36) 21) dialog: Well now, I’m no expert, but if ever I lose my way, I just look for a little light to guide me. “TRIP A LITTLE LIGHT FANTASTIC” LET’S SAY YOU'RE LOST IN A PARK,
36) 33) dialog: Why, it’s what we lamplighters call ourselves, of course. He flickers the streetlamp on and off in a rhythmic patte JACK (cont'd) Time to send out the call to arms: “Leeries, trip the lights and lead the way.” As a Leerie lights his lamp, we DROP DOWN to find Jack leading the group through the foggy streets like the Pied Piper. He steers the children up curbs and around pillar boxes.
36) 52) dialog: 
36) 57) dialog: 
36) 61) dialog: 
36) 68) dialog: 
36) 77) dialog: Kick and prance - it means “dance.” It’s leerie speak. You don’t say the word you mean; you say something that rhymes, only - (It’s hard to describe: ) Here, I’1l show you how it works. Angus...
36) 81) dialog: 
36) 85) dialog: 
36) 88) dialog: 
36) 92) dialog: 
36) 96) dialog: Of course she can. She’s Mary Poppins!
36) 100) dialog: Children...
36) 140) dialog: (Softly: ) BUT THEY TRIPPED THE LIGHT...
36) 145) dialog: You've got it - now let’s get you all back home! Jack and the leeries lead Mary Poppins and the children o of the park.
36) 147) dialog: THERE’S SO MUCH IN STORE
37) 1) dialog: 
37) 8) dialog: WON’T YOU...
37) 11) dialog: 
37) 15) dialog: 
37) 29) dialog: Best I take my leave. Good night, Mary Poppins.
41) 0) text: Wind rustles the fallen leaves on Cherry Tree Lane, sendi them rustling down the cobblestones. At 17 Cherry Tree Lane, Jack, Angus, and two other leerie search through boxes in the back of a moving van filled w the family’s possessions. Aunt Jane comes out of the hous carrying a box. Jack hurries over to help Aunt Jane with
41) 1) dialog: Here, Jane - let me help you with that. He takes the box. Aunt Jane nods toward the van.
41) 3) dialog: (Shaking his head: ) We can look through everything again if you like.
41) 5) dialog: Of course. Anything for you. Aunt Jane smiles.
43) 26) dialog: Take the van.
43) 43) dialog: Good as done! Angus, gather the leeries!
43) 45) dialog: Children, help me ready the bicycle! Angus and the leeries run to their bicycles. Georgie and twins hurry to Jack’s bicycle, flipping the ladder sidewa across the rear fender. Mary Poppins hikes her skirts and climbs onto the bicycle seat sidesaddle.
44) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE as Mary Poppins, Jack and the children race do the Mall with Angus and the other two leeries behind them each turn, more leeries appear, swerving bicycles around corners, squeezing through hedges and leaping curbs to jo the pack. INT. WILKINS’ OFFICE - NIGHT/CONTINUOUS Wilkins, meanwhile, is in his office with Gooding and Fry Big Ben can be seen through the window behind them.
46) 0) text: Twenty leeries, Mary Poppins and the twins stand on the rooftop of Parliament next to Big Ben. Angus helps Georgi climb up the last few rungs of a ladder, Jack right behin John gestures to one of the Leeries for his cap.
46) 1) dialog: (Hushed urgency: ) Good - now over to the tower! The leeries all grab ladders and rush to the tower. John, head down in his Leerie cap, lifts a ladder and starts to follow them. JACK (cont'd) Sorry - this is as far as you go. (Taking the ladder: ) Back in a flash. Jack hurries to the tower throwing his ladder to Angus. JACK (cont'd) C’mon. Jack runs up to the wall and begins to climb. Angus split the ladder and throws up the top half to jack. Jack jams the ladder diagonally against the wall. Angus throws up another ladder is passed up to him. He places t on the opposite diagonal to the first, and start to climb the ladder as Angus starts to climb below him. The others put their ladders against the wall and climb u behind him, passing ladders overhead. It is a hair-raisingly dangerous process that looks almos certain to end in disaster. Mary Poppins and the children watch from THE ROOFTOP as J climbs up to a ledge. A pigeon suddenly rushes out at him making him drop his ladder. He loses his balance and hang from the ledge.
46) 5) dialog: (Shouting down: ) I've got an idea! C’mon! Jack jumps into the arch. Angus climbs up onto the ledge outside the arch. Jack calls down to the Leeries below. JACK (cont'd) Ladder! Another Leerie climbs up, a second passes up two ladders, jumping up behind him. They interlock the ladders. Jack places it out over the e like a diving board. He walks out onto the end of the ladder, as two Leeries h it steady from inside the arch. Jack turns round at the very edge, a huge drop below him. steadies himself. ON THE ROOFTOP - the children gasp as they watch Jack fly into the air, backlit by the glowing face of Big Ben’s di AT THE TOWER - Jack lands on the ledge beneath the clock’ face. He opens a small hinged window set into the face of clock and squeezes inside.
47) 0) text: Jack squints around the tower, finding the gas main. He cranks it closed, shutting off the gaslights that illumin all the faces of the clock.
48) 0) text: The children watch as Big Ben goes dark. Jack sticks his head out of the open window. Angus calls to him.
48) 2) dialog: How? I can’t reach the hands. 109 Down below, Mary Poppins sighs, growing exasperated.
48) 6) dialog: There’s got to be a way!
49) 0) text: Mary Poppins calls down to Jack.
49) 41) dialog: That he has, we heard him. Dawes glances over to Mary Poppins’ parrot umbrella. The umbrella gives him a sly wink. MR. DAWES, JR. I also hear you've been telling the whole of London I’ve gone loony. The only loony thing I did is trust you to look after this bank.
51) 49) dialog: 
51) 57) dialog: I won't, sir! Jack rises up in the air to float beside Aunt Jane.
51) 62) dialog: 
56) 0) text: Jack, having landed, his balloon tied on his bicycle, gla up at Mary Poppins. He tips his cap to her, smiling.
56) 1) dialog: I won't forget, Mary Poppins... promise. “LOVELY LONDON SKY” - reprise JACK (cont'd)