21) 4) dialog: I remember that jar - with those little toffees that stuck your teeth together. We must get you one of those jars, Miss Farthing.
21) 6) dialog: This wouldn’t happen to be your sister, would it, Mr. Banks?
21) 8) dialog: Great pleasure to meet you -- William Weatherall Wilkins. (Waving them in:) Do step this way. Michael blinks, surprised. Aunt Jane smiles. INT. WILKINS’ OFFICE - DAY A SHORT TIME LATER: Wilkins sits at the desk, examining paperwork as Michael and Aunt Jane look on. He has an enormous office with a roaring fireplace and a view of Bi Ben out the window behind his desk.
21) 9) dialog: If I had known George Banks’ son had taken a loan with us, I’d have handled the paperwork myself. Unfortunately, regarding the extension, there’s very little I can do at this point.
21) 11) dialog: Oh, well, that is good news. 40
21) 14) dialog: I would think so. (Tapping his intercom: ) Would you bring in the shareholder’s ledger, Miss Farthing?
21) 17) dialog: I'm afraid dear old Uncle Dawes is getting on in years. (He taps his temple.) “Non compos mentis"” - which, sadly, is why I had to take over for him. Ah - thank you, Miss Farthing. Miss Farthing has entered. She hands Wilkins the ledger a leaves. Wilkins flips pages, runs a finger along the colu Aunt Jane WILKINS (cont'd) Let’s see. Babcock, Baker. hmm. There’s no listing of George Banks here. But don’t despair. (Pointing out the window to Big Ben:) You still have until that big fellow out there chimes his last on Friday night to find that certificate. I'll keep searching here as well. and Michael rise.
21) 20) dialog: Bring me all of George Banks’ old files, would you?
34) 24) dialog: How many repossessions so far this month? 84
34) 26) dialog: Who would have thought this Slump would be so good for business, eh?
34) 28) dialog: And lose our chance to get that house? I don't like to lose, Mr. Frye. (Hitting the intercom: ) Didn't I ask for tea, Miss Farthing? INT/EXT. WILKINS’ OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
34) 32) dialog: You're not giving Banks one second longer to pay off that loan - do I make myself clear? Wilkins swings his pocket watch. From Georgie’s POV, he c see Wilkins’ shadow on the wall - as the firelight flicke it changes into THE ANIMATED SHADOW HE SAW ON THE CIRCUS and back again. 85
34) 37) dialog: In two days Banks will be out on that street and the house will be ours. Georgie shoves the door open and charges into the office.
34) 40) dialog: Steal your - ? Who are you?
34) 42) dialog: ... Are they? (He smiles. To Georgie: ) Come here, boy. I think you may have misunderstood -
34) 46) dialog: Close that door, Miss Farthing. Georgie and the twins race past Miss Farthing, ducking beneath the tea tray, nearly sending it flying. WILKINS (cont'd) Fool! STOP THEM! Miss Farthing wheels round, trying not to spill the tea, kicking the door closed after Frye. Gooding slams into th closed door. 86
35) 8) dialog: I'm afraid your children burst into my office just now, Banks -
35) 10) dialog: I was just seeing if anything could be done about extending your loan, when they came in claiming I was trying to steal your house.
35) 14) dialog: I just thought they might stop running about and making a scene if I offered them some sweets.
35) 16) dialog: Let’s just see it doesn’t happen again - He places a toffee in Georgie’s hand, one in John’s and o in Annabel’s. WILKINS (cont'd) (To the children: ) After all, you don’t want your father losing his position on account of you, now do you? (Stepping close to Michael, kindly: ) Now, I know time is running short, Banks, but I want you to have every chance to pay off that loan - I'll stay in my office on Friday evening until the last stroke of midnight, you have my word.
35) 18) dialog: (Turning to the lawyers: ) Gentlemen - He gestures for them to follow him upstairs. As they go:
44) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE as Mary Poppins, Jack and the children race do the Mall with Angus and the other two leeries behind them each turn, more leeries appear, swerving bicycles around corners, squeezing through hedges and leaping curbs to jo the pack. INT. WILKINS’ OFFICE - NIGHT/CONTINUOUS Wilkins, meanwhile, is in his office with Gooding and Fry Big Ben can be seen through the window behind them.
44) 1) dialog: A good week’s work, gentlemen.
44) 3) dialog: (Pulls out his pocket watch, checks the time.) Looks as if Banks won't be joining us tonight.
44) 5) dialog: Of course. I know that. So we'll wait - I’m aman of my word. Wilkins unwraps a toffee and pops it into his mouth, hand the empty wrapper to Gooding.
48) 9) dialog: Three, two, one and... (Pause. ) Why hasn't Big Ben chimed?
48) 11) dialog: Don’t be a simpleton - my watch has never run fast. Wilkins rises from his desk, pushing Frye out of the way, turns toward the window. The clock face on Big Ben is dar WILKINS (cont'd) What’s happened? Big Ben’s gone dark.
49) 3) dialog: But that time is wrong - the clock must have stopped. Wilkins glances out the window to the street below, notic a van pulling up. He sees Michael getting out. WILKINS (cont'd) That’s Banks!
49) 5) dialog: Not yet he hasn’t! Go down there and see that he doesn’t get inside until that blasted clock strikes twelve.
49) 7) dialog: Now, Mr. Frye!
49) 24) dialog: What is this? Michael bursts through the open door just as Big Ben chim its final note.
49) 30) dialog: (Through gritted teeth: ) Is that so? Michael examines the kite, searching for the final piece. It’s not there.
49) 34) dialog: No, it isn’t. I’m afraid you have a problem, Banks. Without those signatures, you have no bank shares, no house - you have nothing. Michael turns, looking at Wilkins with new eyes.
49) 38) dialog: Take your children out of here, Banks. I’ve heard enough of their lies.
49) 40) dialog: Uncle Dawes?? What on earth are you doing here? MR. DAWES, JR. A little bird told me that you’ve been trying to cheat the Banks family out of their shares in Fidelity Fiduciary.
49) 42) dialog: You can’t be serious! I’ve nearly doubled the profits of this bank. MR. DAWES, JR. Yes, by wringing it out of our customer's pockets. Their trust in us built this bank - and now you've squandered every last bit of their good will. So I’m back, and you're out. (To Gooding and Frye:) See my nephew to the door, would you, gentlemen?
49) 44) dialog: Get your hands off me - (Shrugs them off:) You’re not fit to run this bank! They are gone. MR. DAWES, JR. We'll see about that. I may be circling the drain, but I still have a few steps left in me. Mr. Dawes, Jr. kicks up his heels in a little SONG AND DA “TRIP A LITTLE LIGHT FANTASTIC” - reprise MR. DAWES, JR. (cont'd) SO... WHEN... THEY...
51) 67) dialog: Why not - I’ll give it a go.