1) 19) text: ae INT. _KEN'S ROOM. GEORGE! iT.
1) 26) text: A room furnished in strong ‘but “confused tas te, 4 ‘by: beautifully furnished aquarium, which KEN is “approachiig some pretty tropicals is a superb angel fish. KEN puts hi close to her. wot BE
1) 36) text: “WANDA Ken, this is Otto. oo orto Hi Ken, Wanda's told me a lot about you. "Hey! Great
1) 37) text: WANDA nudges OTTO. , orre ‘gqueezes ber” boob.” ‘WANDA removes OTTO's hand as KEN turns. pa
1) 39) text: That's a nasty stutter you've got there Ken. KEN is dumbstruck. Hey, don't worry, it doesn't bother me. So... I hear | George needs a weapons man for the job. . ~ KEN looks sharply at orto. WANDA calls from the kitchen.
1) 42) text: Yyyy... orto Yeah he wants one. (To Ken) . I had a good friend in the CIA had a stutter. Cost him his lite, dammit. . The front door opens and GEORGE enters. WANDA. runs ‘0 “h the kitchen. : Poy pee
1) 46) text: Hi George. She embraces him and he returns the affec fon KEN is hot on her heels Hullo George. Ggget you a Scotch?
1) 49) text: Yeah. ! KEN scampers off. GEORGE eyes OTTO. © -
1) 54) text: OTTO makes a rapid movement, causing a knife to appear in and then throws the knife so that it sticks perfectly bet eyes of an animal on one of Ken's posters in the alcove. WANDA and KEN stare, impressed. + Something like that? my GEORGE — Something like that, yeah. Deleted. 6. Deleted. 7. Deleted. : : 8. Deleted. 9.
1) 99) text: Kevin Delaney thinks we! ul get 70°-758, Stig ke WANDA whistles. : You wwwant mmme to ggget a bbb... OTTO is staring. KEN's stutter gets worse. Bbbig... cccar... ffffor the... ggg...  B9T + 6” oe
1) 100) text: GEORGE va Yes, Ken, a limo, OK? And put diplomatic plates on ates Right? KEN rises, and goes to the fish. orto What if he has to say something during the break-in?-
1) 102) text: WANDA Coe. It's OK, Otto. Ken's good. a . >. GEORGE . So next week, we won't need to look for work and it won't need to look for us. {to Wanda) Oscar Wilde.
1) 153) text: Something violent is happening in a Hatton Garden establi Employees are rising in alarm. They disappear from view w reinforced glass of the office is splintered by a blast f sawn-off shot-gun. The gun swings round and shatters the the office door. Three balaclaved figures burst through the door, pushing terrified customer before them. The first (OTTO) draws on and fires two shots at T.V. Cameras covering the room. A on a desk in foreground goes blank. OTTO sweeps it from t During these brief seconds the other two villains, GEORGE have forced the terrified employees to lie on the floor, their heads. OTTO moves swiftly to the steel grid of the room, producing a small cross-bow as he goes. KEN runs ba the entrance past him. os The startled MANAGER comes out of the office and encounte GEORGE's shot gun. OTTO is peering through the rita of the strong. Yam. on t opposite to him is a small panel with a push button.in it OTTO unhurriedly loads his bow with a bolt, thrusts the b end through ¢ the grids takes careful aim at the: Pabton
1) 168) text: and fires. The bolt finds its tars Slowly open. KEN rushes by, pushing something odd-ocking on | ' manager’ s office. : JR a t orto replaces GEORGE guarding ¢ the , employees. At othe KEN comes from the Manager's Office and he and GEORGE ent strong room where they start shovellin 7 she. content bhi into Pouch-1ike sacks banging fron theless, le
1) 170) text: his captives. He is unnecessarily vicious, delights in po muzzle of his gun into panic-stricken faces and intermitt amuses himself by vandalizing the office. He catches the cautiously reaching for the secret button of an alarm bel forces him at gun point to stand erect. An apple from a l is placed on the MANAGER's head. .
1) 174) text: GEORGE and KEN work down the line of safes. "GEORGE ‘ts a OTTO's behaviour and becomes visibly irritated and nervou is meticulous in his choice. He selects this and that ite nonchalantly tossing the flashier pieces over his shoulde The job is finished. GEORGE threatens the quaking statt w shot-gun.
1) 176) text: EXT. JEWELLER'S. DAY. 226s ° From outside, we see KEN rapidly descending Roger's ‘fire The others follow. Emerging at the bottom, the balaclaved hurry across a narrow alleyway into the back of another b
1) 188) text: EXT. N STREETS. DAY. oo is: The Limo hurries through the traffic. KEN's face stares o the back window. Deleted. 19. Deleted. 20. EXT. LONDON STREET. DAY. 20a. The limo screeches to a halt. The gang pile out of the ca first, and hurry to a Metro on the other side of the road stuttering the while.
1) 200) text: A police car screams by, obscuring them. PAN with the car to the Metro roaring off and KEN leaving in the other dir his motor cycle.
1) 208) text: WANDA leaves. GEORGE comes out, pulls down and locks roll door, sees WANDA derarting, and goes off right, in. the ‘ direction. OTTO's head appears from a concealed doorway.” watches GEORGE until he's gone, and then leaves in‘ the S taken by WANDA.
4) 0) text: We open on KEN's closed hand. It opens cautiously,” eveal the safe deposit box key. It closes again quickly GEORGE, leans forward. ,
4) 5) dialog: (With emotion) George ... are you ggggoing to get off?
4) 6) text: GEORGE “ Sure. Don't you worry Ken, anything on Otto?
4) 10) text: DAY. bee gt 3g) WANDA opens the door and calls. . , Ken? Pause.
4) 37) text: As KEN starts to feed the fish, WANDA wanders out of the casually towelling her hair. KEN jumps. WANDA starts. :
4) 43) text: : NDA pee 3 Ken honey, Ihave a terrible headache. Could you just : pop round to the drugstore for me and get a couple ... There is a noise from the bedroom area. KEN starts.
4) 51) text: KEN, looking around, sees the bed is slightly disturbed. OTTO notes KEN's eyeline and takes his arm.
4) 59) text: OTTO and KEN go out of the door, KEN staring at WANDA. 34. j.INT. STAIRCASE. GEORGE'S BLOCK. DAY. 34. : They come out onto a landing. OTTO slams the door and t to KEN. oTjTo What's the matter with you?” Can't you think of her feelings? | Yat . :
4) 65) text: a KEN The bhbed .
4) 67) text: Ken! Ken! Ken! I didn't want to say this while George was around. But isn't it time you faced up to certain . realities . o KEN is fairly surprised.
4) 70) text: oTTo te . Come on! You're a very attractive man, Ken. You're oe -. SMart, you have wonderful bones great eyes and y __ Gress very. interestingly a, REN “ee WWWHe oo? es
4) 72) text: We could have a lot of fun together. And I really -* think we'd be good for each other. What do you say? KEN finds it difficult to speak. KEN . You mmmust be jjjj..-. © - = -: ~ Mee * orto Ken, may I kiss you? He leans towards KEN who struggles and pushes him away.
4) 75) text: KEN has managed to push OTTO away and is breathing heavil
4) 78) text: (Incredulous) You didn't realize I was gay? ‘hat 8 this?! OK, I'm sorry, Ken. I've handled this badly. ‘~ Look, the physical side can wait: ; You ed time. But will you think about it... 2° “S agi
4) 81) text: KEN breaks away and hurries back upstairs, “OTTO goes off down the stairs. L cos
5) 1) text: - ae 2 . WANDA is standing in her frozen position when the door op and a shattered KEN enters. WANDA Suddenly look:
5) 3) text: She drops the phone. KEN looks towards her.
6) 0) text: WANDA pulls KEN down the stairs. - . .
6) 12) dialog: 
7) 0) text: KEN runs into the lounge. WANDA isn't there. He hears the sound of sobbing coming from the bathroom... © oo 2 8 Wwwwwanda... . WANDA (OOV) . (Sobbing) It's OK, Ken. Really. KEN tries the door. It is locked.
7) 4) text: Bobb ... WANDA (OOV) vey Ken, it's all right. It's my problem.”
7) 6) text: A primal scream. KEN is heart-broken.
7) 9) dialog: I ddddo trust you. .I ppp. ‘WANDA (OOV)’ Put it somewhere? KEN a «ee PP ppromise. There's a a kkk...
7) 19) text: Trust me. And don't tell George you told me about the key. You know how angry he can get.. OK? KEN nods. She starts thinking,
7) 180) text: OTTO laughs . WANDA oo And Ken says there's a safe depoait key but only George knows where it is. (She throws herself down on the: ews floor.) Thank you Wanda. So what hav you found out? - (She opens her People magazine.)
9) 0) text: WANDA, sufficiently disguised to be not immediately recog sits on one of’ the public benches in a fairly relaxed bu courtroom. GEORGE stands in the dock, with a P.Cc; by him and BARTLETT are sitting at the front of ‘the court, and KEN separately further back among the public. . The court presided over by a woman STIPENDIARY MAGISTRATE, and run CLERK OF THE COURT. No-one wears robes except the USHER. a
9) 9) text: GEORGE now indicates to ) KEN that he wants to speak to h nods. ae
9) 22) text: KEN starts but keeps moving. OTTO stays with him. eoceeugae cate OTM: cue eee You look great. Time fora Coffee? ° KEN declines, vigorously shaking his head. Have you thought it over? . . Why aia he give you this? :
9) 30) text: KEN jumps a foot in the air. OTTO stares at him. KEN look furtive. - “ vag Tetbetc Fe
10) 0) text: KEN emerges, sucking his hand, and mounts his motorcycle. 58C. INT. ARCHIE'S CAR. DAY. . a sac. ARCHIE, Wanda's pink note in hand, is dialling her number car phone. He is parked in a suburban street. He's nervou Starts to ring. 58D. INT. GEORGE'S FLAT. DAY. 58D. WANDA, near the start of her evening primping picks the p 58E. INT. ARCHIE'S CAR. DAY. . Siieticeycmin foe ARCHIE chickens and puts the phone down. 2 S
11) 0) text: KEN gets off his motorcycle and goes up to the main entra absorbed in his notes. He enters. WANDA, hiding from him behind a pillar, peeps out, then emerges, wearing somethi low-cut and slinky, and walks to OTTO’S car round the cor She looks truly amazing. OTTO is in the driver’s seat, meditating. WANDA gets in. INT. OTTO’S CAR. DAY 60.
16) 0) text: A slightly dirty. black van with minimal windows is parke about 30 yards from the entrance to the block. Inside the van are KEN and a huge fearsome dog called MAG The dog is half Dobermann Pincher and half Dragon. - It i growling fearsomely. It has a muzzle on. KEN tries to kee it caln. eee, Se Ig em te KEN a “ a, ‘ wee ‘ Easy, easy, Mmmmmmaggie. Easy ggggirl. so
16) 1) text: Through the small window in the back, KEN sees MRS COADY her three little dogs coming out of the block.
16) 5) text: KEN produces the stolen underwear and ‘holds it .te Hagei
16) 6) text: t “KEN Rkkkkill, Wick s 81. 81A.
16) 18) text: A tear rolls down KEN's cheek. INT. SAFE DEPOSIT BOX AREA. DAY. B1A. C/U photograph of George. ~ So tet SB: oTToO (V.0. English accent). Did this man | Seposit anything. here on the morning of May second?
16) 54) text: He sees WANDA's handbag and moves to it. orto «+e. English shirtlifting nerds, Jesus! They're uptight. OTTO pokes around in the bag and sees an envelope address W Gershwitz' 'Private and Confidential'. He glances at th bathroom and sneaks the letter out. - They get rigor mortis in the prime of life in this country, standing there with their hair clenched, just waiting for the weekend so they can dress up as ballerinas and... Unfolding it, he starts as he sees something in the lette INSERT: "See you at the flat at four. 2B St Trevor's Whar ... whip each other at the flat at Four; 2B st Tr... (he looks towards the bathroom. Loudly) To be honest... I despise them. (He shoves the note back in the envelope) Pretending they're so fucking superior {He ‘puts the >. envelope in the bag) with those phoney wharfs.* Accents! Phoney accents. (Rising, he sees KEN peeping into the room) Not you Ken. You have a beautiful speaking voice. ole :
16) 66) text: oTTo . (Quietly) Nothing? (Loudly) OK. Well, I'm off then. * (Quietly) No plans to see him? . WANDA , a , (Quietly) No.. (Louder) Bye, bro... |. : * OTTO wanders out of the bedroom, and sees KEN walking alo : rd ao See you Wanda. 2 * He picks up a photo of her and puts.his fist. through it. turns.
16) 176) text: MRS COADY appears with her two remaining ‘dogs fron the a entrance to her block and turns away from the Ford.. The moves slowly off after her, and the reggae music is switc off. MRS COADY walks a few paces and then prepares to cross th road. One of her dogs starts pulling her across the road. The Ford accelerates. But the second dog tangles its leas round a lamp post and hauls MRS COADY back onto the pavem Close on KEN as rasta, horrified. He swings the wheel to avoid the dog in the road. He fails. It is flattened.
20) 59) text: KEN is in position behind a telescopically sighted rifle, a stool. k. on 113.
20) 60) text: There is a movement below. KEN peers. MRS COADY is emergi slowly. KEN's eye goes to the telescopic sighted rifle in position. We see the telescope's POV. The cross wires are focussed apparatus on the scaffolding. MRS COALY moves out of the door towaras the pavement lead remaining dog. We see now above her a large block of ston hanging from the scaffolding right above her.
20) 61) text: KEN watches her for a moment, and then returns to the sig His non-telescope eye flickers between the stone ball to COADY. She moves to the edge of the step. KEN fires. The hits a pulley. A pause. The rope through the pulley sudde starts to feed through and the block descends. MRS COADY for rain, as she always does. Hearing a thunderous roarin she steps back on to the steps, pulling the dog back with put her brolly up. The stone block plummets on to the dog behind her. KEN sc MRS COADY gets the umbrella up and walks off. The leash t She returns for her dog. -But the leash terminates in a c block, from which a stain emerges. She continues to look for her dog. KEN screams again. And topples off the stool. MRS COADY begins to realise what's happened. She shrieks. shrieks. She clasps her hand to her heart. KEN rolls arou making agonized noises. MRS COADY totters and falls to th pavement, twitches and is still. 114. Deleted. 114. 115. 115A. 1158.
20) 63) text: es ade EXT. MRS COADY'S BLOCK OF FLATS. Day. 115. KEN comes out onto the pavement, emitting groaning noises runs towards the block of stone and then notices a cluste people near it. He approaches, peers through the cluster stares at the body of MRS COADY. A POLICEMAN pulls a cove over her head. Gradually KEN understands. A smile spreads s face. INT. GEORGE'S FLAT. NIGHT.
20) 65) text: C/U WANDA smiling. She sits in her bath, well covered wit listening intently to the telephone at her ear. WANDA Pa Yeah... OK, Ken, you do that. Great! Goodbye Ken.
23) 31) dialog: Ggggood luck. (To phone) Hallo? ... Oh hallo Otto... WANDA indicates she's not there, and leaves.
24) 18) text: oTto «+. While I eat my chips. First, who was the philosopher who developed the concept of the Superman in Thus Spoke Zarathustra? suitably dumbstruck. otto No? a chip, takes another and inserts it in KEN's
24) 23) text: KEN gets the point.
24) 44) text: OTTO - Lo Come on Wanda. Gullet time. He catches her, and shows her, in the net, to Ken. “Lo oTTo Fishes. They're the ones that can't breathe out of water aren't they?
24) 55) text: oTTO es. Treasure chest!!! OTTO pulls the treasure chest out, and opens flourish. And stares. He shows it to KEN. KEN is astounded.
24) 72) text: OTTO is holding t the receiver. KEN, demented, is in th background. .. Lot ee . ‘
29) 9) text: Ce WANDA He must have found out from Ken.
29) 19) text: ARCHIE'S POV: OTTO, in pulling out, has caused an acciden other driver has got out of his car and is advancing on O remonstrating. OTTO rolls the window down, and fires a sh knocking the driver's hat off. The driver runs for his li OTTO waves up at ARCHIE and drives off, with WANDA starin through the rear window. 152B.INT. GEORGE'S FLAT. DAY. : ; 1523. ARCHIE struggles with his amazement and turns to KEN. :
29) 41) text: ae She's ... goné oo. to ... the woe Coen ARCHIE slams it back down. KEN resumes writing. ‘The lead A moment of disbelief. KEN tries to continue writing but won't. ARCHIE runs around, sees a pentel with its cap off course it's dry. KEN is trying to find a knife to sharpen pencil, but all the kitchen ones are useless. ARCHIE join the kitchen, upends a drawer byt can't find a suitable kn Then he sees wanda's typewriter in the bedroom and runs t hits a key. Nothing. He stares and starts trying to switc on. Nothing causes it to work. Ue checks the plug... It's the socket. He puts it in, switches it on, opens the draw paper. He's frantic. He sees a Kleenex box and tries to f Kleenex in. It gets mangled. KEN runs up with a ‘toothpas and tries to write with the paste on the dressing table s but the paste won't obey his wishes. ARCHIE suddenly sees penknife on the window ledge.
31) 0) text: KEN and ARCHIE pass a ‘Heathrow Airport’ sing. 156. INT. SECURITY BOX AREA. CATHCART TOWERS HOTEL. DAY. OTTO and WANDA conclude their business. WANDA holds her h luggage with unusual affection. OTTO surrenders a key and to a RECEPTION CLERK.
31) 6) text: ARCHIE and KEN look around hopelessly. No sign of their quarry. KEN suddenly tugs at ARCHIE's arm and points abov distant check-in desk. THEIR POV: A sign reading BA 313 - RIO DE JANEIRO.
32) 0) text: ARCHIE running at full speed. 166. Deleted. 166. 167. EXT. BAGGAGE HANDLING AREA. DAY. 167. KEN arrives among some baggage and manages to disentangle himself. 167A.INT. CORRIDOR NEARER THE PLANE. DAY. 167A. (ww An INDIAN CLEANER is sweeping near Otto's cupboard. A sil revolver starts shooting away the lock. The CLEANER does notice. : 168. 169. 170.
34) 25) text: “ going to teach you oe eo orro has picked the gan up. ARCHIE stands, _breathtaken,: fists up. -:. . : . .. . x. Sorry. I changed my mind.
34) 61) text: ARCHIE dashes over to the ‘strawberry yoghurt ‘and OTTO's hand. ARCHIE takes the boarding pass and leaps out of KEN as he thunders by again, flattening the hand). which’ had a rude sign position.