10) 1) dialog: I can't print this!
10) 3) dialog: It's pure speculation! Why, they'd  have my butt in a satchel!
10) 6) dialog: You don't know anything! Fact is  they haven't bought it! The stock is  cheap, Archer! What're they waiting  for?
10) 9) dialog: You don't accuse someone of stock  manipulation on a hunch, Ignatz! The readers of the Manhattan Argus  aren't interested in sensationalism,  gossip and unsupported speculation.  Facts, figures -- those are the tools  of the newspaper trade! Why it's  almost as if you're trying to take  the heat off this Barnes numbskull --  like you've gone all soft on him!
10) 11) dialog: All right, I was out of line. But  you're out of line with this stock  swindle story. Gimme some more of  that Moron-from-Sheboygan stuff --
10) 13) dialog: Whatever. That's what sells  newspapers.
10) 15) dialog: Watch it, Archer --
10) 61) text: Findlandsen raises his hand to look quizzically at Norvil handkerchief which he now holds himself, apparently havin been given it during the handshake. He hands it back to Norville.
10) 65) text: As Norville's hand drops from his breast pocket the  handkerchief, perhaps caught on his sleeve, whips out of pocket and follows his hand down. Findlandsen looks down and Norville follows his look, and stoops BELOW FRAME to retrieve the hanky. Findlandsen leans quizzically forward and peers down at  Norville, who continues, O.S.
16) 196) dialog: He grins wolfishly.
16) 197) dialog: We are printing it! She's hittin' the streets this evening --
16) 201) dialog: Archer, you're a broken record. Fact  is Gunderson did design it --  apparently he's some kind of prodigy --
16) 204) dialog: Smith has a source on the Hud board --  very senior, very hushhush --
16) 208) dialog: Whatever! It's no dig on you, Archer,  but this story is hot and you're no  longer on top of it. Why, it's the  scoop of the century -- the other  papers won't have the Gunderson dope  'til tomorrow -- The Allemeinischer  Zeitung, Le Figaro, they'll be choking  on our dust come mornin' --
16) 210) dialog: (gently) Amy -- take a break. You've worked  hard on this story -- heck, you broke  it for us! But it's passed you by  and Smith here has taken up the slack.
21) 45) text: Norville is interrupted by loud blubbering. He looks up. Hudsucker is weeping loudly into a white handkerchief. He saws at his nose, gives it a loud honk, and urgently  quavers in a voice strangled with emotion: