0) 22) text: The TRACK has ENDED IN a CLOSEUP of the man at the end of the table, who still smiles benignantly at the droning  Executive. The smile is serene, almost otherwordly. This is WARING HUDSUCKER.
0) 46) text: Hudsucker looks up from his watch, smiles, runs his palms back over his fringe of hair.
0) 48) text: Hudsucker pulls his sleeve cuffs to expose just the right amount under the suit.
0) 50) text: Hudsucker takes one puff from his cigar and carefully set it in his ashtray.
0) 54) text: Hudsucker lays the watch carefully on the table.
0) 59) dialog: Ahem...
0) 60) text: The board turns expectantly to Hudsucker, who sits in the f.g. Beyond him is the length of the board table and the  large picture window. He rises to his feet, slowly and  deliberately, and rubs his palms together. He swings his chair out. He steps up onto the chair. The board stares. He steps up from the chair onto the board table. The heads of the board members swing up in unison. Hudsucker is FRAMED FROM MID-TORSO DOWN. He shakes the te loose from each leg, then waggles both arms dangling at h sides, like an athlete preparing for a sprint.
0) 66) text: The hand holding the paper DROPS AWAY and we TILT UP, as  Norville walks AWAY FROM us into the b.g., towards the of building across the street. Its street number tops its  imposing entryway in large gilt letters: 285. We continue TILTING UP the length of the skyscraper, to r a huge clock capping its facade. Above the clock is the  identification "HUDSUCKER INDUSTRIES."  Below the clock i the motto "THE FUTURE IS NOW." The huge clock's sweep second hand is just approaching th position that will make the time 12:00 sharp.
0) 67) text: As the second hand hits the twelve, the CLOCK TOLLS, the  board room WINDOW SHATTERS and Waring Hudsucker comes fly out.
0) 68) dialog: Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh...
0) 70) dialog: ...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh...
0) 71) text: As Hudsucker shoots past the window, his draft sends the  stack of papers wafting this way and that. As the secreta turns to look out the window, FREEZE FRAME (wafting paper have their motion arrested) and SUPER A TITLE.
0) 72) text: WITH Hudsucker, the building slipping by behind him. As h yells he calmly runs his palms back over his fringe of ha The CLOCK TOLLS. FREEZE FRAME and SUPER A TITLE.
0) 75) text: The Hudsucker Building lists up into the distance. A woma in a fancy fruited hat with a black veil rises INTO FRAME an OPPOSING SLANT. Looking down at the sidewalk, she send two dismayed hands to her cheek and screeeeeeeeeams.
1) 0) text: With the LAST TOLL of the CLOCK punctuating the CUT, we a FLOATING IN TOWARDS the shattered board room window. The woman's SCREAM on the street below is FAINT, ECHOING, MIXING INTO the sound of an APPROACHING SIREN. THROUGH the window we see the BOARD MEMBERS still sitting around the table, paralyzed in attitudes of horror and  disbelief. All stare at the shattered window in the f.g. At the far end of the table, Hudsucker's chair is empty a oddly askew. His cigar still smokes in its ashtray. There are dust footprints down the middle of the long oak table. One Executive sits with a pluming cigarette held halfway his mouth; another holds a carafe suspended on its way to his water glass; another holds his spectacles inches from his nose. We hear only the HUM of the HUDSUCKER CLOCK. SID MUSSBURGER ENTERS FRAME at the window. He is a tall m aged executive with lean and rugged good looks and a  commanding presence. He knocks a last piece of glass out of the sill with his  knuckle, looks out, grunts, and draws his head back in. The CAMERA FOLLOWS him INTO the room. The other board mem heads swivel to watch him, all staring, searching despera for some hint as to the fate of their fallen leader.  Apparently, some absurd hope still lingers. Mussburger perches on the board table by his own chair. He reaches over to pluck the smoking cigar from the suici ashtray.
1) 159) text: The elevator doors slam shut and we hear its ENGINES SCRE as it power-dives away. Norville turns toward the executive offices. Plush, thick-carpeted silence. Norville starts walking. A SCRAPING SOUND stands out in the high-powered executive quiet. Norville looks to one side. A workman in painter's overalls squats in front of a pair heavy oak doors. With a razor blade he is scraping off th name "WARING HUDSUCKER."
2) 1) text: Across miles of carpet is a huge executive desk, behind w is a large executive chair facing the window. From above back of the chair cigar smoke wreathes up. A telephone co snakes around to the man sitting in the chair, hidden fro us. On the desktop is a perpetual motion machine of large swinging ball bearings. Click-click-click. A TICKERTAPE MACHINE occasionally BURPS information in th far corner of the office. A huge MECHANICAL ARM -- the sweep second hand of the  Hudsucker clock on the facade of the building -- RUMBLES immediately outside the window, describing an arc that th a moving shadow across the office. His BACK TO us, into the phone:
3) 31) text: PULL BACK to reveal that the frozen picture is the newspa photo on the front page of the Manhattan Argus. Its headline reads: UNTRIED YOUTH TO HELM HUDSUCKER. The subhead reads: Stockholders Wary. The sub-subhead rea Meteoric Rise From Mailroom. The article is under the byline of Amy Archer. CONTINUED PULL BACK REVEALS that we are looking at the  newspaper OVER someone's SHOULDER. The person swivels aro and away -- his face now TO us, we see that it is Norvill looking at the newspaper. He throws his head back and lau merrily. As he laughs -- thwock -- a steaming towel is thrown onto his face and he continues to swivel. CONTINUED PULL BACK  REVEALS that he is in a barber chair. His head drops back and OUT OF FRAME as the swiveling cha is cranked down, but immediately -- still spinning -- -- his head reappears as the chair is cranked up again. Still laughing, Norville is now freshly shaven and has a  slicked-back haircut, heavy with pomade. FREEZE ON Norville's laughing face.
9) 6) text: She straightens and turns. Facing her is a very old BLACK MAN in a janitor's jumpsui with HUDSUCKER INDUSTRIES/The Future Is Now emblazoned ac it. We might recognize his voice as that of the narrator opened the movie.
15) 11) text: Picture dissolves to a pan up the Hudsucker Building. Cut to candid film of Norville getting out of a car, noti the camera, grinning and waving as he walks, and taking a pratfall.
19) 47) text: The massive Hudsucker Building looms dizzily up towards t stars, capped by the huge Hudsucker Clock.
20) 6) text: We are FLOATING IN; it is the SHOT with which the movie b The sweep second hand of the Hudsucker Clock is approachi the 12 of midnight, the New Year. In sync with the clock CHANTING continues:
21) 4) text: Looking up the length of the Hudsucker Building. Someone something wrapped in white is flying toward us, coming do from the stars. We can make out a male voice, accompanied by STRUMMING:
21) 10) dialog: Ta-daaaa!
21) 12) dialog: ...Wooooo!
21) 14) dialog: ...How d'ya like this thing? They're  all wearin' em upstairs now.
21) 16) dialog: ...It's a fad.
21) 18) dialog: ...Anyway. I hear you've been having,  uh...
21) 20) dialog: ...Been having some problems with  the board. The more things change,  know what Iyayayeeeeee...
21) 22) dialog: ...Jesus Christopher -- That smarts...  Where was I? Oh yeah, the board. I  guess Sidney's been puttin' the screws  to ya, huh, Norman?
21) 24) dialog: Mm. Well, say what you like about the man's ethics, he's a balls-to- the-wall businessman. Beat ya any  way he can. Straight for the jugular.  Very effective.
21) 26) dialog: Anyway. Any particular reason you  didn't give him my Blue Letter? I  mean, Jesus, Norman, just a dying  man's last words and wishes, no big  deal.
21) 28) dialog: It's sittin' in your apron pocket,  right where you left it. Imbecile.
21) 31) dialog: Failure to deliver a Blue Letter is  grounds for dismissal.
21) 33) dialog: Ah, it's New Year's, I'm not gonna  add to your woes. I'm just saying.
21) 35) dialog: Well, why don't ya read it.
21) 37) dialog: Yeah, go ahead. Might learn somethin'.
21) 41) dialog: Yeah, yeah, it's the standard  resignation boilerplate -- go down  to the second paragraph.
21) 43) text: As Norville reads Hudsucker casually examines his fingern then pats down a yawn.
21) 45) text: Norville is interrupted by loud blubbering. He looks up. Hudsucker is weeping loudly into a white handkerchief. He saws at his nose, gives it a loud honk, and urgently  quavers in a voice strangled with emotion:
21) 46) dialog: Skip this part...
21) 48) dialog: ...Last paragraph, last paragraph.
21) 51) dialog: -- tough titty toenails!
21) 53) dialog: ...That'll show the bastard!
21) 55) dialog: ...Yeah, go ahead.
21) 58) dialog: ...Geez.
21) 60) dialog: Yup. It's all there. Well, see that  it gets delivered in the morning.
21) 61) text: Hudsucker picks up his lyre and heads back up toward the  stars.
21) 62) dialog: Sheeel beeee...
21) 64) dialog: ...Ridin' six white horses, She'll  be ridin' six white horses She'll be  ridin' six white horses When she  comes...
22) 0) text: As Norville falls the last few feet and lands on his face with one last mighty BONG of the HUDSUCKER CLOCK.