1) 44) text: Mussburger strides across the room from the still CHATTER TICKER TAPE MACHINE and lowers himself into Waring Hudsuc chair. He takes a last puff from his cigar and slowly exh a cloud of smoke.
2) 29) text: Mussburger's burning eyes finally shift momentarily to lo at the crudely drawn circle; he looks back incredulously Norville.
3) 17) text: We hear a LOUD TEARING sound O.S. Mussburger drops a few  inches.
6) 5) text: She is smiling wanly AT the CAMERA. The entire IMAGE PULS as the blood pounds behind Norville's eyeballs. We hear the LOUD, RASPING of his BREATH, resonating insid his head. Amy is talking but her voice is barely audible, if coming from a long way away.
6) 67) text: Norville starts making pumping motions with his fists and loud syncopated grunting noises. Amy gapes at him. He starts singing, off-key:
6) 69) text: Amy lamely fakes singing along, coming in louder on the l obvious rhyme. Norville jumps an octave on it; she quickl follows sit, also pumping her fists. As Norville crosses his hands and locks thumbs in front o his nose to make bird wings of his extended fingers:
12) 91) text: The third ad man, slouched motionless at the typewriter u until now, finally raises his head.
17) 38) text: -- and bursts into tears. Two loud REVELERS reel INTO FRAME, one of them uncurling blow-beeper at the weeping Amy.
19) 4) text: Louder murmuring. One board member leers, a trace of spit at the corner of his mouth.
21) 45) text: Norville is interrupted by loud blubbering. He looks up. Hudsucker is weeping loudly into a white handkerchief. He saws at his nose, gives it a loud honk, and urgently  quavers in a voice strangled with emotion:
23) 1) dialog: What the heck's he doin', Benny?
23) 4) dialog: What the heck they doin'?
23) 7) dialog: This I know, Benny.
23) 10) dialog: ...Geez.
23) 13) dialog: ...Y'all right, Benny?
23) 16) text: Lou also is beginning to sound choked up:
23) 17) dialog: It is beautiful, Benny.
23) 20) dialog: It's the most beautiful t'ing I ever  saw.
23) 21) text: A BARTENDER ENTERS to BLOCK our VIEW of Norville and Amy. He is youngish, with a beat goatee, wearing dungarees and sweatshirt with cut-off sleeves. He looks to either side Benny and Lou.
23) 24) dialog: Hacks' New Year's gala.
23) 26) text: We see Benny and Lou are sitting side by side at the bar. Lou wears a fake whispy beard and white eyebrows and a lo flowing robe; he holds a fake scythe. On the bar next to sits a large hourglass.
23) 27) dialog: Bromo.