45) 0) text: a NS Boo waddles down a hall in her disguise, BABBLING happ She climbs a stack of boxes next to a GARBAGE CAN. Sullivan runs down the hall searching for Boo. He spots h
45) 16) text: Sullivan turns to see the geeks DUMP THE GARBAGE into the chute. ‘The loose eyestalk rests atop the garbage pile, making it look like Boo is in amongst the trash.
47) 0) text: Sullivan bursts into the room. From behind glass, Sulliva watches the load of garbage -- including Boo’s eye stalk move towards a large smashing machine.
48) 0) text: Boo comes skipping around a corner and runs into a group monster kids. A monster DAY CARE WORKER notices Boo.
48) 2) dialog: Mike Wazowski!
49) 0) text: Sulley reacts in horror as the eyestalk and trash moves through a meat grinder, smashing hammers, chopping blades “and under a large roller. Finally the machine spits out COMPRESSED CUBE of garbage. The cube travels down a-conveyor belt towards Sulley. Ato the cube, still visible, is Boo’s eye stalk. Sulley reaches for it and faints.
52) 5) dialog: Mike Wazowski! Mike leans in closer to the garbage cube. f i
52) 10) dialog: Kitty!
53) 0) text: Sullivan holds boo as he and Mike run down a hallway. o> SULLIVAN I still don’t understand, you‘ve got Boo’s door? 71.
54) 14) dialog: Ooof! _ Randall snaps to attention and disappears. ry (h 73.
54) 15) text: Sulley peers out from under the desk. Randall is gone! Bu where is he? : A PIECE OF PAPER slips off a nearby desk and flutters to ground. Sulley barely dares breathe. On the other side of the des Randall silently UNCAMOUFLAGES. Neither one sees the othe but Randall is MOVING CLOSER to Sulley by the second. The lunch bell RINGS. Randall rushes off to his cart as monsters return from lunch. Sullivan grabs Boo and sprints after Randall as he pushes cart out into the hallway.
55) 3) dialog: Da gey makada bol!
56) 0) text: Sullivan tiptoes down the dark passageway, carrying Boo. WHIMPERS.
58) 0) text: Sullivan and Boo peer through a wall of pipes. They see Fungus, Randall, and the scream cart.
63) 0) text: Sullivan, Mike and Boo burst from the tool panel doorway run down the hall.
68) 0) text: Randall straps Boo into the scream extractor chair. She WHIMPERS as Waternoose looks on.
70) 0) text: Fungus revs up the machine. Waternoose and Randall watch with anticipation as the machine nears Boo's face. In fea she CALLS out for Sullivan. fk 91.
70) 1) dialog: Kitty! Just in time, Sullivan rushes in, ROARING angrily. He grabs the Scream Extractor and forces it away from Boo
70) 2) dialog: (happily) Kitty!
71) 0) text: Sullivan runs down the hallway, carrying both Boo and Mik
71) 10) dialog: Mike Wazowski! Celia SHRIEKS in surprise. She lets go of Mike as he and Sulley round the corner towards the Scare Floor.
74) 0) text: Sulley and Mike watch as Fungus and Randall struggle to b free of the crowd. Boo SQUEALS happily as her door enters the Scare Floor on conveyor belt above.
75) 0) text: Sullivan, Mike and Boo follow Boo’s door down a long corridor.
77) 0) text: Sullivan, Mike and Boo burst out of a door, hanging thous of feet in the air.
81) 0) text: Randall jumps from door to door, holding Boo.
82) 10) dialog: Kitty!
87) 5) dialog: Pthpththth!
88) 0) text: Waternoose stands at an EMPTY DOOR STATION with Boo’s car key in his claw. He addresses a group of CDA agents.
89) 0) text: Sullivan races down the hall, with Boo in one arm, and he door in the other. Waternoose clambers after them, closin in.
92) 0) text: Sulley activates Boo’s door. The light illuminates. Mike taps Boo lightIy on the shoulder. He holds out his hand, formally.
92) 2) dialog: Mike Wazowski! Boo gives Mike a big hug. He tenses, then relaxes and hug her back.
92) 9) dialog: Dars byargs lub.
92) 12) dialog: Kitty?
92) 14) dialog: Boo! The door opens, revealing clothes, boxes. and toys.
92) 15) dialog: Kitty? The portal to the monster world has closed.
93) 0) text: Boo’s door is shredded.
97) 7) dialog: Kitty! Sullivan smiles. FADE OUT.