12) 16) dialog: Hmm, you’re still behind, Randall. You know, maybe I should re-align the scream intake valve-~ ,
12) 18) dialog: (running off) Aaaaah! A door! Yes! SCARE FLOOR’ - CONTINUOUS The monsters work fast and furious. CHILDRENS’ SCREAMS ar heard everywhere, filling the cans. Waternoose walks up beside the Floor Manager.
13) 2) dialog: (nervous) Uh, Sir? ae RANDALL What !?
13) 3) text: L-look! Fungus points to the tally board. Randall’s name replaces Sullivan's as NUMBER ONE.
13) 13) dialog: (running off) Aaaaah! CHARLIE, the assistant at the next station, turns to Mike
40) 11) dialog: {suddenly entering the room) Randall:
40) 13) dialog: Thank goodness. What are we going to do about the child?!
40) 15) dialog: (impatiently) The front page! It’s on the front page! The child! The one you were after!
40) 17) dialog: I did a simple calculation factoring in the size of the sushi restaurant. The child may have escaped!
40) 20) dialog: (flustered) . Oh! Yes! I’m going! I’m not here! Randall and Fungus exit.
57) 0) text: Sulley hears the echoey voices of Randall and Fungus, whi grow clearer as Sulley gets closer to them.
57) 1) dialog: Uhm, so to confirm, then, you did find ‘the ah...
57) 3) dialog: Oh, huzzah! That’s great news. N-not that I was concerned of course, I knew-
58) 0) text: Sullivan and Boo peer through a wall of pipes. They see Fungus, Randall, and the scream cart.
58) 22) dialog: I don’t know. I calibrated the drive shaft--
58) 24) dialog: (running to the machine) There must be something wrong with the scream intake valve. Randall SIGHS, frustrated. On the back of the console, he sees the cords WIGGLING.
60) 0) text: Fungus adjusts the machine. Mike whispers to him. ‘ MIKE Pssst. Fungus. Fungus! You like cars? Huh? Because I got a really nice car. You let me go, and I’ll give you... a ride in the car. Please Fungus?
60) 1) dialog: I’m sorry, Wazowski, but Randall said I’m not allowed to fraternize with victims of his evil plot. Fungus is suddenly pulled up into the ceiling by a pair o large blue hands. Mike smiles in recognition.
62) 0) text: Randall enters to see Fungus strapped into the machine.
70) 0) text: Fungus revs up the machine. Waternoose and Randall watch with anticipation as the machine nears Boo's face. In fea she CALLS out for Sullivan. fk 91.
74) 0) text: Sulley and Mike watch as Fungus and Randall struggle to b free of the crowd. Boo SQUEALS happily as her door enters the Scare Floor on conveyor belt above.
74) 2) dialog: Whoa! Ha ha!
96) 0) text: A monster inserts CHATTERING TEETH into his mouth as he w into a closet door. Fungus puts on a pair of THREE~EYED GROUCHO GLASSES.
96) 1) dialog: Oh, this is great! George walks by carrying a watermelon and a mallet. Thaddeus Bile backs out. of a door, JACKS sticking from h butt. Laughter emanates from the kid’s room, filing the tank. Satisfied, Bile bounces a soccer ball and smiles. Sullivan makes his way to the end of the hall. He surveys the fruit of his labors. LAUGHTER emanates from all the doors. Workers happily mov giant scream cans, tell each other jokes, juggle, and enj themselves. A GRAPH on Sullivan’s clipboard shows FIRST YEAR PROFITS going through the roof. But Sulley’s smile. fades. Taped to the clipboard backing the now tattered PICTURE Boo drew of herself and Sulley. Below is the WOODEN CHIP from her door.