10) 7) dialog: 
10) 13) dialog: (laughs) Well, whadda ya know? It scares little kids and little monsters.
10) 15) dialog: Uh huh. Sure.
10) 17) dialog: I’m in the zone today, Sullivan. I‘m going to be doing some serious scaring, putting up some big numbers.
10) 19) dialog: Shhh. Do you hear that? Randall pauses for dramatic effect. RANDALL (cont'd) It’s the winds of change. Randall exits. Mike watches him go, smoldering.
12) 9) dialog: (turning away) I plan to. The Floor Manager begins the countdown.
12) 17) dialog: Just get me another door!
13) 3) text: L-look! Fungus points to the tally board. Randall’s name replaces Sullivan's as NUMBER ONE.
13) 8) dialog: (being jostled) Hey, watch it!
13) 12) dialog: ‘If I don’t see a new door in my station in five seconds, I will personally put you through the shredder!
22) 0) text: Randall enters, wheeling a cart of SCREAM CANS towards th door.
25) 0) text: Sullivan runs to the kid’s door, ready to toss the kid ba in. As he reaches to open it, the knob rattles. Oh no! He’s standing in the middle of the Scare Floor. Where to hide? Randall emerges from the door, confused. Why wasn’t there kid in that room?
25) 1) dialog: . Randall EJECTS the door. As Randall walks away, the doo rises, revealing Sullivan hidden behind it. The little girl wiggles inside the bag and makes a PEEP. Randall stops. Has he heard? No, he SNEEZES and continues As Randall exits the floor, Sullivan watches as the kid’s door disappears into the vault, and with it all hope of getting rid of the kid. Sulley grabs the gym bag and runs towards the exit.
40) 9) dialog: Look, I already told your buddies I haven’t seen anything!
40) 12) dialog: (startled) Aah!
40) 14) dialog: Will you... shhhh! Randall grabs Fungus’ mouth, shutting him up. Randall disappears. Fungus looks around, confused. The last stall door in the row suddenly SLAMS open. Randa materializes. o ‘ Fungus waits impatiently, pointing to the newspaper as ~ ‘Randall KICKS OPEN each stall door. The trio shudders in the stall, awaiting their turn. Just as Randall is about to kick open their door, Fungus in front of him.
40) 16) dialog: Will you be quiet?! Don’t you think I’m aware of the situation? I was up all night trying to find it!
40) 18) dialog: Yeah, well until we know for sure, we’re “ gonna act like nothing happened, we understand? You just get the machine up and running, I’1l take care of the kid. And when I find whoever let it out... they’re dead! Randall angrily hits the stall door. It swings open, exposing Sulley, Mike and the kid. It swings shut again.
40) 19) dialog: (to Fungus) Why are you still here?. Come on! Go! Move! Now!
43) 2) dialog: What are you two doing? A random assistant walks by.
43) 5) dialog: Can it, Wazowski! So, what do you think of that kid getting out, Sullivan? Pretty crazy, huh?
43) 7) dialog: Word on the street is the kid’s been traced back to this factory. You haven’t seen anything, have you? Behind Randall, Mike and Sulley spot Boo emerging from be an ash can. She scampers off down the hall.
43) 10) dialog: 
43) 12) dialog: Hey! Waxford! What time did you leave last night? . Sullivan heads off after Boo. Mike runs after him.
43) 21) dialog: Wazowski! Randall looks up, but Mike is gone. Celia lies on the gro
44) 0) text: Mike sprints through the hallways of Monsters Inc. He zip past a water cooler, leaps over a trash can, and scurries around a corner. He comes to a stop in front of a PORTRAI OF WATERNOOSE, and breathes a SIGH of relief. “Randall UNCAMOUFLAGES out of the painting. fk 64.
44) 2) dialog: Where’s the kid?
44) 4) dialog: It’s here in the factory, isn’t it? Mike can’t take the pressure.
44) 6) dialog: Cheating?! I-- A smile spreads across Randall’s face. RANDALL (cont’d) Cheating. Right. Okay, I think I know how to make this all go away. What happens when the whistle blows in five minutes?
44) 8) dialog: Everyone goes to lunch! Which means the Scare Floor will be...
44) 10) dialog: (losing it) Empty! It’ll be empty, you idiot! You see that clock? Mike nods. Randall grabs Mike’s arms, using them as a vis aid to drive home his point. RANDALL (cont ’d) When the big hand is pointing up... 65. “~ we Randall twists Mike’s arm. Ouch!
44) 11) dialog: ...and the little hand is pointing up... Another twist and GASP from Mike.
44) 12) dialog: ...the kid’s door will be in my station. But, when the big hand points down... This one really hurts.
44) 14) dialog: ...the door will be gone. You have until then to put the kid back. Get the picture? Mike nods in pain.
54) 15) text: Sulley peers out from under the desk. Randall is gone! Bu where is he? : A PIECE OF PAPER slips off a nearby desk and flutters to ground. Sulley barely dares breathe. On the other side of the des Randall silently UNCAMOUFLAGES. Neither one sees the othe but Randall is MOVING CLOSER to Sulley by the second. The lunch bell RINGS. Randall rushes off to his cart as monsters return from lunch. Sullivan grabs Boo and sprints after Randall as he pushes cart out into the hallway.
55) 0) text: Sullivan follows Randall through the halls, barely able t keep up. Sullivan follows Randall around a corner to a DEAD END.
57) 0) text: Sulley hears the echoey voices of Randall and Fungus, whi grow clearer as Sulley gets closer to them.
57) 2) dialog: Yes! I got the kid!
57) 4) dialog: Just, get over here and help me!
58) 0) text: Sullivan and Boo peer through a wall of pipes. They see Fungus, Randall, and the scream cart.
58) 1) dialog: Come on, come on, come on! While we're young here, Fungus! Randall and Fungus lift the BOX out of the scream cart.
58) 2) dialog: (struggling) Kid needs to take off a few pounds. They dump the box out into a chair, revealing Mike. This not what Randall was expecting.
58) 3) dialog: Wazowski?! Where is it, you little one eyed creetin?
58) 6) dialog: You still think this is about that stupid scare record?
58) 8) dialog: I'm “about to revolutionize the scaring industry. And when I do, even the “great” James P. Sullivan is gonna be working for me.
58) 10) dialog: First I need to know where the kid is. And you're gonna tell me.
58) 12) dialog: Uh huh. Sure. Randall nods to Fungus, who presses buttons on the consol
58) 16) dialog: Say hello to the Scream Extractor.
58) 21) dialog: Oh, for... What did you do wrong this time?
58) 23) dialog: Go check the machine! Cf. 77.°
58) 25) dialog: Huh? He follows the cords along the floor around a corner...
58) 26) dialog: Hmmm...
59) 0) text: Randall sees that the machine has been unplugged.
61) 0) text: Randall plugs the machine back in. It powers up.
62) 0) text: Randall enters to see Fungus strapped into the machine.
62) 1) dialog: What happened?! Where’s Wazowski?! Fungus STRUGGLES and GROWS PALE as the machine does its w Randall hits a switch on the console, turning it off.
62) 4) dialog: Where is he?! A nearly albino Fungus points weakly towards the exit. Randall takes off angrily. Fungus collapses.
68) 0) text: Randall straps Boo into the scream extractor chair. She WHIMPERS as Waternoose looks on.
68) 2) dialog: Eh, with this machine, we won't need Scarers. Besides, Sullivan got what he deserved.
70) 0) text: Fungus revs up the machine. Waternoose and Randall watch with anticipation as the machine nears Boo's face. In fea she CALLS out for Sullivan. fk 91.
70) 8) dialog: You don't know how long I've wanted to do that, Sullivan! Sullivan swings at Randall and misses. Using his tail as a whip, Randall sends Sulley flying out into the hallway. Sullivan lands with a THUD. Boo spills out of his arms. S quickly hides in a crevice in the hallway. Sullivan is hit in the face with a snowball. He turns to see...
70) 24) dialog: There won't be.
71) 14) dialog: Will you move it! Look out, you idiot! Celia’s eye widens, then narrows in determination.
72) 4) dialog: (spotting Mike and Sulley). There they are! Sullivan and Mike turn at the sound of Randall’s voice.
72) 6) dialog: Huh? No I didn’t! Get out of my way!
74) 0) text: Sulley and Mike watch as Fungus and Randall struggle to b free of the crowd. Boo SQUEALS happily as her door enters the Scare Floor on conveyor belt above.
74) 3) dialog: Get off my tail! Let me through! Randall is finally able to push his way through the mob. heads towards Sullivan. Boo’s door will not reach their station before Randall. Sullivan punches a RED PANIC BUTTON on the keypad. An ALARM SOUNDS and Boo’s door, poised high above the station, HEADS BACK into the door vault. Sullivan runs toward in the next station over. All the do are being returned to the vault.
76) 20) dialog: Gimme that kid! (hitting the door) _Ooof!
79) 0) text: Randall runs across the platform and jumps through the do on the ground. INT. FRENCH KID’S ROOM, DAY Randall lands, then continues after Mike and Sullivan.
80) 0) text: Randall emerges. The door slams in his face. Mike appears behind it.
80) 3) dialog: Ha ha! Randall pulls out a pin from their door, sending it plummeting downward. Mike and Sullivan stare up at Randal in disbelief as they fall.
80) 5) dialog: Nice working with ya! Sullivan and Mike struggle to hang onto the door as it plunges downward.
81) 0) text: Randall jumps from door to door, holding Boo.
83) 0) text: Randall stands menacingly over Sulley, who holds onto the bottom of the door for dear life.
83) 1) dialog: Look at everybody's favorite scarer now! You stupid, pathetic waste! Randall STOMPS on one of Sullivan’s hands, knocking it of the door edge. Sulley dangles by one arm as the door spee through the vault. INT. MISC. KID’S ROOM Boo cowers at the back of the room, afraid.
84) 0) text: Randall steps on Sullivan's other hand. Sulley hangs on w just two fingers.
84) 1) dialog: You’ve been number one for too long, Sullivan. Now your time is up! INT. MISC. KID’S ROOM Seeing her kitty in danger, BOO’S FACE CHANGES from fear anger. sc
85) 0) text: Randall prepares to push Sully off once and for all.
85) 1) dialog: And don’t worry... I'll take good care of the kid!
85) 3) dialog: {in pain) Yaaaaah! Boo is RIDING Randall, pulling his fronds! Each painful j of his fronds makes Randall change colors. Sullivan lifts himself back up into the room. Clinging to Randall like a bucking bronco, Boo grabs a ba and WALLOPS Randall repeatedly on the head. With each hit CHANGES .COLORS and patterns. RANDALL (CONT’D) Ow! Yowch! Aah! Sullivan grabs Randall by the neck, wrestling him like an alligator. Randall writhes and wiggles, but Sulley is abl to subdue him. Boo ROARS at Randall.
86) 2) dialog: No, no, wait, please don‘t- Sulley pitches Randall through. RANDALL (cont’d) Ahhhhhhhh !
86) 8) dialog: Oww!