0) 18) text: Oh! Mr. Waternoose!
0) 19) dialog: There is nothing more toxic or deadly than a human child. A single touch could kill you! Bile shuffles nervously away from the animatronic kid. WATERNOOSE (cont’d) Leave a door open, and a child could walk right into this factory! Right into the monster world! One recruit loses it, leaping into the lap of the monstet next to him.
0) 21) dialog: You’re going in there because we need this! He uncorks the can, and the sound of CHILDREN’S SCREAMS l out. The lights SURGE, and monitors CRACKLE. The recruits cover their ears. Waternoose corks the can. WATERNOOSE (cont‘da) Our city is counting on you to collect those children’s screams, Without screams, we have no power! Yes, it’s dangerous work, and that’s why I need you to be at your best. I need Scarers who are confident. Tenacious. Tough! Intimidating! I need Scarers like... like... James P. Sullivan! JAMES P. SULLIVAN, snoring loudly, fast asleep.
6) 16) dialog: (to camera) Of course, MI is prepared for the future.” With the top Scarers... On the screen, Sullivan stands next to a door standing on factory work floor. He leans through a door and ROARS. Th kid inside SCREAMS. : . Mike watches his buddy on TV and leaps to his feet.
6) 19) dialog: ...the best refineries... and research into new energy techniques. A monster with virtual reality glasses ROARS, causing a computer child on a monitor behind him to SCREAM. Mike scoots to the edge of his seat in anticipation.
6) 24) dialog: We‘re M.I. -- Monsters, Incorporated. We scare because we care. Sullivan turns off the Tv.
12) 19) dialog: (expecting the worst) Well, Jerry, what's the damage.go far?
12) 21) dialog: (unconvinced) Hmm. First time in a month.
13) 10) dialog: Well, James, that was an impressive display.
13) 27) dialog: Oh, not the CDA.
13) 41) dialog: An entire scare floor out of commission. What else can go wrong?
14) 0) text: Waternoose and Sullivan approach the coffee machine. Waternoose pours himself a cup of the thick gooey liquid.
14) 1) dialog: Oh, what a day.
14) 3) dialog: Tell that to the board of directors. James, this company has been in my family for three generations. I would do anything to keep it from going under.
14) 5) dialog: Say! I could use your help with something.
14) 7) dialog: You see, we've hired some new scare recruits, and frankly they‘re... they’re,.. uh...
14) 9) dialog: They stink.
14) 11) dialog: I thought maybe you might come by tomorrow and give them a demonstration. Show them what it takes to be a top Scarer, eh?
14) 13) dialog: Aaah! (amused) Ha ha! Oh, yes! Now that’s my boy! Waternoose pats Sullivan on the shoulder. They LAUGH.
35) 12) dialog: (to CDA) Gentlemen, safety is our number one concern. Now if there’s anything that-- The kid tugs on Waternoose’s arm. He turns around, annoye
35) 13) dialog: Not now, not now, I’m... (seeing the kid) Oh! Hello, little one. Where did you come from?
35) 15) dialog: Aha, James! Is this one yours? Sullivan quickly sweeps the kid up into his arms.
35) 18) dialog: Hmmm, must have missed the memo. Well, listen James, why don’t you stop by the simulator after lunch today and give us that scare demonstration we talked about, 2
35) 21) dialog: Yes, yes, I’m coming. (to Sullivan) - Alright, then, I’1l see you this afternoon, James. That is, if these gentlemen haven’t shut us down. Mr. Waternoose exits with the CDA.
44) 0) text: Mike sprints through the hallways of Monsters Inc. He zip past a water cooler, leaps over a trash can, and scurries around a corner. He comes to a stop in front of a PORTRAI OF WATERNOOSE, and breathes a SIGH of relief. “Randall UNCAMOUFLAGES out of the painting. fk 64.
64) 1) dialog: No, no, no, no, no! Thaddeus Bile is standing on one leg, sticking his tongue at the ANIMATRONIC KID.
64) 3) dialog: What was that? You’re trying to scare the kid, not lull it to sleep! The recruits sit in their usual chairs, taking notes.
64) 5) dialog: How many times do I have to tell you?! It’s all about presence! About how you enter the room! Sullivan bursts into the room holding Boo, Mike follows.
64) 7) dialog: James! Perfect timing!
64) 9) dialog: Ah! Now show these monsters how it’s done.
64) 12) dialog: {to recruits) Pay attention everyone! You’re about to ‘see the best in the business! (to Flint) Reset the simulator.
64) 19) dialog: Now give us a big, loud roar!
64) 21) dialog: Come on! Come on! What are you waiting for? Roar!
64) 23) dialog: 
64) 27) dialog: Well done! Well done, James. Terrified, Boo runs to hide. Sullivan sees her go.
64) 29) dialog: Alright, gentlemen, I hope you learned a valuable lesson in scaring today. Read chapters two and three in your manuals. I’11 see you all in the morning. Sullivan finds Boo, hiding in the shadows, CRYING.
64) 31) dialog: (Gasp!) The child! Mike rushes in to explain.
64) 39) dialog: Randall?
64) 41) dialog: How could this happen? How could this happen? ! (beat) Does anyone else know about. this?
64) 43) dialog: Good. ‘This company can’t afford any more bad publicity. Now, before we do anything else, let‘s take care of the child. Waternoose picks up Boo. Sullivan watches her, full of remorse.
65) 0) text: Waternoose flips a switch and the simmlator door EJECTS, like the Scare Floor. It travels away on an overhead trac
65) 1) dialog: I never thought things would come to this. Not in my factory. I’m sorry you boys got mixed up in this. Especially you, James. But now we can set everything straight again, for the good of the company. . Sulley tries in vain to catch Boo’s eye. A HUGE METAL DOOR lowers into the station with a BANG.
65) 3) dialog: I know, I know... Randall UNCAMOUFLAGES in front of the door, and opens it. SNOW swirls through from the other side. WATERNOOSE (cont’d) It's yours. : Waternoose pushes Mike and Sulley through the door.
68) 0) text: Randall straps Boo into the scream extractor chair. She WHIMPERS as Waternoose looks on.
68) 1) dialog: (to Randall) . Finally! I never should have trusted you with this. Because of you, I had to banish my top scarer!
68) 3) dialog: Sullivan was twice the Scarer you will ever be! : Randall glares at Waternoose.
70) 0) text: Fungus revs up the machine. Waternoose and Randall watch with anticipation as the machine nears Boo's face. In fea she CALLS out for Sullivan. fk 91.
70) 4) dialog: Sullivan? With a massive effort, Sullivan wrenches the machine from moorings and throws it towards Randall, Waternoose and Fungus. It pins them to the wall. Sullivan frees Boo from the chair. Waternoose turns to Randall, who has managed to escape.
70) 5) dialog: Stop him! Randall CAMOUFLAGES, disappearing. Sullivan picks Boo out of the chair.
70) 7) dialog: Pinish him off! Sullivan keeps getting punched. He can’t see where it’s coming from. Behind him, a scream can rises into the air and HITS him the head. Sulley falls to the ground, still holding Boo. Randall materializes, hanging from the ceiling. or 92.
70) 23) dialog: Get up! There can’t be any witnesses! Randall lifts himself off the ground.
88) 0) text: Waternoose stands at an EMPTY DOOR STATION with Boo’s car key in his claw. He addresses a group of CDA agents.
88) 1) dialog: When the door lands in the station, cut the power. You'll have the child, and the criminals responsible for this whole mess. Boo's door sails out of the vault corridor and into the S Floor. Sullivan, Mike and Boo peek out from behind the do and see Waternoose and the CDA agents below.
88) 12) dialog: Stop him! As the commotion clears, Sullivan peeks out from behind B door. Boo is with him, now out of her disguise and wearin only one sock. Sullivan pops her door out of its station and heads for t exit.
88) 15) dialog: (re: Mike and Boo) Don‘t let them get away! CLANG! Waternoose spins around to see Sullivan, who has knocked over a stack of cans during his escape. Sulley scoops up Boo and her door and heads for the door.
88) 16) dialog: (calling to CDA) Wait, wait, come back, come back! He has the child! It’s no use, the agents have already disappeared after Mi Something SNAPS. Waternoose lunges after Sullivan like a wild animal.
89) 0) text: Sullivan races down the hall, with Boo in one arm, and he door in the other. Waternoose clambers after them, closin in.
89) 1) dialog: Sullivan! Sullivan! Give me the child!
90) 0) text: Sullivan bursts through the door of the Simulator Room, Waternoose close behind. Sulley breaks a PIPE off the wall and slides it through t door handles just as Waternoose SLAMS against the door. Sulley bends the pipe around the handles to secure it. He frantically removes the door currently in the station.
90) 1) dialog: (slamming against door) Open this door! Open this door! Sulley replaces the simulator door with Boo’s door.
90) 2) dialog: Sullivan! Don’t do it! Sullivan pushes a button on the door station keypad, pick Boo up and runs inside.
90) 4) dialog: (screaming) Don’t go in that room! Sullivan closes the closet door behind him. Waternoose YE and beats against the Tryout Room door. INT. BOO’S ROOM Sullivan stands over the bed, tucking in the sheets.
90) 6) dialog: This has gone far enough, James. Sullivan stands protectively in front of the bed.
90) 8) dialog: I can’t do that! She’s seen too much. You both have.
90) 10) dialog: I have no choice! Times have changed. Scaring isn’t enough anymore! Waternoose closes in on Sullivan, raising up on his crab intimidatingly.
90) 12) dialog: I’11 kidnap a thousand children before I let this company die! And I’1l1 silence anyone who gets in my way! Waternoose smacks Sullivan, sending him flying to the flo 112.
90) 16) dialog: What? Waternoose blinks, uncomprehending. The child isn’t Boo a all, but the Animatronic Kid from the simulator. The wall of the bedroom begins to rise.
90) 18) dialog: Wha. .?
91) 2) dialog: But... but, how did... how...?
91) 4) dialog: I‘1l kidnap a thousand children before TI let this company die! Mike plays it back again, for emphasis. WATERNOOSE (ON TAPE) (cont'd) I’11 kidnap a thousand children before I let this company die! Ch 113. Waternoose sees himself on the monitor. WATERNOOSE (cont'd) Wha... Wha...? The CDA agents discuss the situation. Boo peeks out from under the bed. Sullivan motions for he to stay quiet. She nods and crawls back. CDA agents walk onto the stage and grab Waternoose.
91) 6) dialog: W-what are you doing?! Take your hands off me! You can’t arrest me! ‘The CDA agents lead Waternoose out of the simulator room
91) 7) dialog: I hope you‘re happy, Sullivan! You’ve destroyed this company! Monsters Incorporated is dead! Where will everyone get their scream now?! The energy crisis will only get worse! Because of YOU!!} Sullivan is clearly troubled by Waternoose’s words.