52) 0) text: The freshman boy's section of the gym. The guys who don't date yet. Weenies in their party finest. Among them is the Geek and his buddies Cliff and Bryce. We recognize th source of the infrared light in the previous scene as we see the Geek wearing night vision goggles. He removes the complex device from his face and gives them to Cliff. He puts them on.
52) 4) dialog: (looks at the Geek, incredulous) You've talked to her?
52) 14) dialog: Whacked to the max. Over.
56) 0) text: The Geek limps back to the Weenie Wall. Cliff and Bryce chide him about losing Sam.
72) 0) text: The bathroom is jammed with shrimpy freshman boys. They'r all talking excitedly. Bryce flashes the lights.
72) 1) dialog: Okay, everybody, shut up! The room quiets down.
107) 0) text: The Geek, Bryce and Cliff are walking up Jake's driveway. Bryce's beeper goes off.
107) 1) dialog: Shit! That's my mom. I gotta get home.
107) 5) dialog: I changed my frequency when we saw Flock of Seagulls and I got grounded for a month. A car load of kids flies by. 146 OMITTED thru 149
108) 0) text: The Geek, Bryce and Cliff reach the front door. They're bubbling with excitement at being moments from an out of control senior party.
108) 2) dialog: For sure, we won't.
111) 0) text: The Geek, Cliff and Bryce sit on either side of Rock. All three are bombed. Rock motions to the screen with his hug hand.
132) 0) text: The Geek creeps through the bushes to the window. He look around and knocks on the glass. INT. CLIFF'S BEDROOM ‘ 181-A The bedroom is jammed with computer hardware. A monitor i glowing with a three-dimensional representation of a pair of human brains. A printer is clicking away as it receive an overseas transmission from his Egyptian Dungeons and Dragons partner. Shelves are burdened with manuals, software, stacks of print-outs and precision tools. The walls are decorated with erotic print-outs -- women in compromising positions done in "e's", "a's" and "x's". Cliff is sleeping in a single bed. He's wearing a black vinyl headband fitted with electrodes to scan and record the activity of his sleeping brain. He is connected to th computer and to his friend, Bryce, who is similarly out- fitted and is asleep on the floor next to Cliff's bed in a sleeping bag. Cliff and Bryce hear the Geek's insistant raps on the window. They both sit up.
133) 0) text: The Geek knocks again. The window opens and Bryce and Cliff look out. They're still wearing their head gear.
133) 5) dialog: Oh, shit! Is that humongous jock after you?
133) 14) dialog: Extra-terrestrial? The Geek yells back, 0O.C.
134) 0) text: The front door opens and Cliff and Bryce come out in their underwear and a t-shirts. Cliff's carrying a Polaroid camera. He carefully closes the front door. They turn and stop dead in their tracks. Their mouths drop open. 183 184 185 186