49) 0) text: It's the first big dance of the school year. A female DJ is spinning records and rapping between songs. She's brought a huge sound system and light show. Jake, with Caroline on his arm, is talking with the hulking brute,. and his tiny; pefite girl friend,.Patty.. Rock's wearing funky, rumpled second-hand store suit, a mesh: ‘jersey .a Jack Daniel's cap. Jake's wearing jeans and &e blue blaze It's all very proper and dignified. These are the popular people who are seemingly immune to the sorts of humiliati that beset people like Sam, Caroline takes Jake's arm and pulls him to the dance floor. It's a slow song. She rests her head on his: shoulder and they dance. ‘ ‘
53) 0) text: Sam's watching Jake and Caroline slow dancing. Randy's talking with friends. Sam's imagining herself in Caroline place. .
57) 4) dialog: (mischievously) Jake's parents aren't home. We can do his house.
58) 0) text: Caroline notices Sam sitting on the floor. Sam ducks her head.
58) 1) dialog: (pleasant) How's it goin'? Sam looks up. She shrugs her shoulders and rubs her damp nose.
58) 3) dialog: Let's party light though. Jake's a paranoid about his parents' house getting trashed. The girls giggle.
65) 4) dialog: I think it's time to blow this thing eff and go to your house.
65) 6) dialog: I told Tracy and Robin and those guys to come over to your parent's house. Okay? Jake nods. He isn't listening to her.
65) 7) dialog: I told them not to tell anybody. (snuggles him) I love when your parents are out of town. I fantasize that I'm your wife and we're like the richest, most popular adults in town. (kisses his neck) I owe all my great weekends to you. She notices he's not paying attention.
65) 8) dialog: What's your problem?
65) 10) dialog: You've been acting weird all night. (suspicious) Are you screwing around? Jake is startled that she's on to him. He reacts with obvious guilt.
65) 15) dialog: I don't know, Jake. I'm getting strange signals.
65) 17) dialog: Okay. But just remember one thing. I can name twenty guys who'd kill to love me. Jake regards her remark as another indictment of their loveless relationship. He takes offense to her issuing threats.
65) 19) dialog: (cold and serious) It's a fact, Jake. The song ends. Caroline backs off. She takes Jake's hand. She's made her point and feels confident that he's been sufficiently warned.
65) 20) dialog: (sweet and conciliatory) Before we get into a big ugly fight, let's take off.
67) 0) text: He's at a clothes rack looking for Caroline's coat.
68) 0) text: She spies Jake and nervously moves toward him. She rehearses in her head what she's going to say. She raises her arm to tap his shoulder. The music stops. He turns around with Caroline's blazer and is as shockéd to see Sam as she is to see him. He quickly adjusts to the situation and puts on his best and sexiest smile. Sam's courage evaporates, she panics and rather than faint, throw up or say something incredibly stupid, she keeps on walking. The music starts again. A new tune. Jake is bewildered. The haste with which she departed looks to hi like rejection.
69) 0) text: He helps Caroline on with her blazer. He's still cursing himself. He looks down the bleachers to try and catch a glimpse of Sam.
69) 1) dialog: Are you blushing?
69) 3) dialog: I don't know. You tell me.
69) 5) dialog: Oh, thank God. You're normal again. Caroline walks on ahead. Jake rolls his eyes and hangs back for one last look at the gym.
70) 0) text: Sam peeks around the bleachers and sees Jake and Caroline leaving.
83) 0) text: A magnificent cook's kitchen. A thoroughly raped refriger freezer is empty and open. There are bottles and cans cov every inch of available space. Drunk kids are weaving in out, kissing, shouting, fighting. One bemused youth is tr to put out a fire in the oven. He pops a beer can, drinks pours some on the fire, drinks the rest. Pops another. Caroline staggers in.
83) 1) dialog: (drunk) Has anybody seen Jake?
83) 6) dialog: This is his house, asshole!
84) 0) text: Jake's parent's vacation videos are playing on the giant screen. Kids are howling at the home movies. The room's a disaster. People are piled on the furniture, pizza boxes are overturned on silk Orientals. Two boys are dancing with each other. A drunken hulk is eating a raw slab of sirloin. A drunk sick kid is sitting on a chair with a Ming vase between his knees. Caroline weaves in.
84) 1) dialog: You people are huge pigs! Look at what you've done to Jake's house! She steps up on a coffee table and looks around for Jake.
84) 2) dialog: Jakey!
85) 0) text: All the pool furniture is in the pool along with a bunch rude, wild kids, clothed, semiclothed and nude. They're beating the water as one of them stands on the side, pouring liquid dish detergent in the water to make a huge bubble bath of the pool. Caroline stumbles in.
85) 1) dialog: Jake! (sees the bubbles) Outrageous! I love bubble baths!
86) 6) dialog: Jake! Goddamnit! A bedroom door opens and Tracy and Robin come out wearing Jake's mother's furs. They grab Caroline.
86) 9) dialog: I think Jake's mom might freak out if you ripped off her coats.
86) 11) dialog: Are you sure?
86) 13) dialog: Okay. But you gotta tell me where Jake is. Tracy and Robin points feebly down the hall.
86) 14) dialog: Tell me truthfully. Is he with somebody?
93) 1) dialog: Jake? Are you hiding? He reaches out and unlocks the door. Caroline falls into the room. She lays on her back, laughing. Jake is unamused.
93) 2) dialog: I fell!
93) 4) dialog: How come the door was locked?
93) 6) dialog: Nooo! She cracks herself up again. Jake stands.
93) 12) dialog: He's grounded for the next twenty- five thousand years. She collapses with laughter.
98) 0) text: Jake stands in the midst of the riot going on in his pare house. He's resigned to it and the consequences he knows he'll have to face. Caroline comes up into frame, crawlin up his body as he stands stiff and tall. She snakes her arms around his neck.
98) 1) dialog: You're the only one at the party who isn't having a party. Don't you like to party anymore? He looks at her passively. He plants his hand squarely on her face and gives her a gentle shove. She keels over and crashes to the floor.
100) 0) text: Caroline crawls up the hall.
100) 1) dialog: Jake? Sweetie pie? I love you. Where are you, Jake? She stops at his door and looks in.
100) 2) dialog: Jakey? Have you stopped loving me?
102) 0) dialog: Caroline's nose is half an inch from the closed door. She sighs and turns to crawl back to the party. She discovers that her hair's stuck in the door. She tugs. No good. She knocks.
102) 2) dialog: I can't, honey, sweetie, asshole. Robin and Tracy stagger up the hall, still wearing the co
102) 3) dialog: Trace? Can you help me?
102) 5) dialog: Several things. 133 OMITTED and 134
112) 0) text: The crowd has decided on a course of action to free Caroline.
112) 3) dialog: No. I love you. Her friend produces a pair of kitchen shears.
112) 5) dialog: I don't know how to thank you enough.
124) 0) text: Jake and the Geek carry Caroline out of the house. Jake has her under the arms. The Geek has her feet. She giggle as they carry her to Jake's father's Rolls Royce. Jake balances her on his knee and opens the front passenger door.
124) 15) dialog: (referring to the Geek) Who's that?
124) 25) dialog: Who are you?
124) 27) dialog: (confused but convinced) Oh, okay. Jake leans in and gives the Geek the okay sign.
128) 0) text: The Geek's driving with both hands firmly on the wheel. He's as nervous as a cat in a hailstorm. Caroline is next to him, drunk, out of control and obnoxiously playful. Music's blasting. The Geeker's in way over his head.
128) 4) dialog: Chug-a-lug, pooh bear. He takes it from her throws it out the window. The car phone rings. Caroline grabs it.
128) 5) dialog: Hello? The Geek takes it away from her. She pops another beer.
128) 10) dialog: This is my Christmas present to you. She takes one of the pills out and holds it in his face.
128) 11) dialog: See?
128) 13) dialog: Now we're both on the pill! The Geek looks at her with horror. He frantically spits the pill out the window.
128) 15) dialog: I know exactly what it does to a girl my age. She slides over next to the Geek and purrs in his ear.
128) 16) dialog: It makes it okay to be really super careless. Caroline throws a huge kiss on the Geek, completely obliterating his view of the road.
130) 0) text: Caroline drops her head in the Geek's lap. His eyes dart back and forth between the road and his lap and Caroline. His concerns about getting in trouble wilt in the heat of Caroline's passion.
130) 8) dialog: Jakey, you've been so cold to me.
155) 0) text: The top's down and Caroline is asleep in the Geek's arms. Somehow, during his night of wild fun, he's remembered to put on his orthodonic headgear. A modest bird dropping is splattered on one of his eyeglass lenses. There's a lip- stick mark on his forehead. Caroline snuggles against his chest. She plants a sleepy kiss on his chest and open her eyes. Half her hair is missing from the night before.
155) 1) dialog: You're so warm. She scoots up a bit and kisses his lips. He snores. She rears back from him.
155) 2) dialog: Jake? She squints.
155) 3) dialog: (baffled) He turned into a digithead? She sits up, dazed and confused. She rubs her throbbing head. She reaches into her lap, lifts a buttock and remov the Geek's hand. She leans back over him and studies his face. She holds his cheeks and turns his head back and fo
155) 4) dialog: This is totally weird. The Geek moans softly and puts his arm around her. Caroli opens her purse. It's stuffed full of the hair her friend cut off the night before, she studies it for a moment and recognizes it as her own. She feels the uncut side then t bare side. If she weren't so baffled she'd scream.
157) 0) text: The Geek's still sleeping. Caroline gently slaps his face
157) 1) dialog: You wanna wake up, please? The Geek stirs and opens his eyes. He looks around in bewilderment until he orients himself. He sits up with a start.
157) 6) dialog: I'll tell you where you are if you tell me who you are. The Geek peels off his headgear.
157) 8) dialog: You're in a parking lot. He cranes his neck and looks out of the car.
157) 10) dialog: Got me, junior. He notices that half her hair's missing.
157) 12) dialog: At this point, anything's possible. The Geek scratches his head -- a faint memory comes to mi
157) 14) dialog: I'm pretty sure.
157) 16) dialog: You know, I have this weird feeling I did.
170) 0) text: Caroline and the Geek are chatting amicably. There's a hint of tenderness in the conversation.
170) 1) dialog: You were awfully nice to me. I must have been mucho obnoxioso.
170) 3) dialog: I'm sorry.
170) 5) dialog: Yeah. What I remember was okay. I never went out with a freshman. Not even when I was a freshman.
170) 7) dialog: You were pretty crazy.
170) 12) dialog: Yeah, but you know what I like best?
170) 14) dialog: Waking up in your arms. The Geek is flabbergasted. He looks at his arms.
173) 0) text: Caroline and the Geek are locked in a passionate kiss. Through half-closed eyes, Caroline sees Jake.
173) 1) dialog: (voice distorted by the kiss) Uh oh. She pulls away from the Geek, leaving him Frenching the air. She smiles at Jake.
173) 2) dialog: (timid) Hi, Jake. The Geek hears Jake's name.. His eyes open in fear. Caroline straightens her blouse and pushes her hair back.
173) 3) dialog: (nervous, to Jake) Do you have a minute? She stands up and swings her legs over the side of the Ro
173) 4) dialog: (to the Geek) Don't go away. The car phone rings. Geek answers it. He's annoyed.
174) 0) text: Caroline gets in the passenger side. She's nervous and unsure of how's she's going to explain herself. He's just as nervous. They both sit for a moment, exchanging timid, embarrassed glances.
174) 5) dialog: It's okay. Really. (nervous chuckle) It wasn't too terrible. (embarrassed) Weird? She's embarrassed to admit to her feelings for the Geek. Jake smiles. Regardless of how little he's been feeling for Caroline, it still hurts him that she was with somebo else. It' Jake nods Jake nods. s a knee-jerk reaction.
174) 7) dialog: About us? uneasily.
174) 8) dialog: It's gonna be two years for us like next Thursday.
174) 10) dialog: Is it? There's an uncomfortable pause. For the first time, Caroline looks innocent and vulnerable.
174) 11) dialog: Neither one of us is going to die if it doesn't happen for us.
174) 13) dialog: I just don't know right now. But I'm covered, okay? I won't get hurt.
174) 19) dialog: I'll leave it up to you. Jake looks over at Caroline. It's his decision. The situation is of his making and he accepts that it's also his to resolve. He nods his agreement.