35) 0) text: Sam's grandparents, Jim's parents, Howard and Dorothy Bak are changing out of their travel clothes. They're in thei early seventies. They're sweet and kind but pampered and particular. Dorothy's in her gigantic bra and slip. Howar in his undershorts, undershirt, socks and garters. They'r puttering around unpacking.
36) 0) text: Dorothy and Howard turn around. They're startled until they recognize Sam. Howard reaches for his pants.
36) 1) dialog: Sam!
36) 10) dialog: Be fair, Howard. You got the garage for the Oldsmobile. Sam drops a major hint about her birthday.
36) 13) dialog: I hope it isn't cold tomorrow. You know Ginny. She'll refuse to wear a hat and coat over her wedding dress. Sam's face drops as she realizes that they, too, have forgotten her birthday.
36) 15) dialog: Okay, sweetie. Grandpa and I look forward to a long, long visit with you.
42) 4) dialog: (to Sam) Long Duk Dong's about your age, Sam. You two should have lots to chat about.
42) 7) dialog: Where Dong comes from, young people respect and admire senior citizens.
42) 18) dialog: Wait a minute, Sam. I've got a wonderful idea! (to Dong, excited) Would you like to go to the dance with Sam? Sam's eyes bulge in horror. Dong snaps his fingers.
74) 0) text: It's dark and spooky. We hear the chilling, ominous opening bars of the Jaws Theme. A beat and Grandpa Fred peeks around the corner. Then Dorothy, Howard and Helen. The grandparents are invading the dance!
88) 0) text: Sam's phone rings in the darkened bedroom. It rings and rings. Finally Dorothy stirs.
90) 0) text: Dorothy feels around for the phone. It rings a couple mor times before she picks it up.
92) 0) text: Dorothy sits up in bed with the phone to her ear, staring quizzically. Howard sits up.
92) 6) dialog: (looks at Howard) Sex.
103) 0) text: Dorothy and Howard sit up again. Howard grabs the phone.
106) 2) dialog: Give me that phone. Howard turns the phone over to Dorothy.
106) 3) dialog: Now you listen to me, mister. God didn't put me on this earth to be awakened with filthy suggestions from a rude-mouth hooligan like you. As for our granddaughter, she has more than enough sense to stay clear of the likes of you. Good night and good-bye! She slams the phone down and looks at Howard.
106) 4) dialog: It's a good thing Sam has us, Howard.
140) 0) text: The two grandmothers are trying to make breakfast togethe They're as crabby as everyone else. They're in their hous coats. Dorothy is annoyed that Helen's smoking while she cooks. Howard's on the wall phone.
152) 1) dialog: Howard! He's dead!
152) 12) dialog: Why, you little scuz bag! Sweet, kind Dorothy draws her leg back and kicks Dong in groin.
154) 0) text: Jim's car pulls up alongside the Rolls Royce. The grand- parents, Jim and Mike get out. Fred's still chuckling. Howard helps Dorothy. She's limping. We hold on the Rolls
192) 2) dialog: And so relaxed.
197) 3) dialog: Will you hurry up, Jim! We're.... Without taking his eyes off Sam, Jim slams the car door, cutting off Dorothy.
197) 4) dialog: through the backseat window, we see that Jim has closed t door on her hat.