3) 13) text: (talks with the toothbrush in his mouth) Mike! Come on, pal, we're having a wedding tomorrow. Why can't you cooperate? Ginny Baker, twenty-one, comes out of her room in panties and a sweatshirt. She's very pretty, very pampered and very sloppy. She slips past Jim as he scolds Mike, goes into the bathroom and locks the door. Sara turns and marches into the bathroom at the other end of the hall.
3) 21) dialog: I'm so sure!
4) 0) text: Ginny's standing in the shower with the water beating aga the side of her head.
4) 1) dialog: I'm the one getting married, Daddy.
4) 3) dialog: (to herself) What a pest. (to Jim) I happen to have a serious problem!
11) 3) dialog: You know what today is?
11) 7) dialog: The first day of my all-new com- pletely screwed-up period. Are you on the pill? Sam's smile fades. She shakes her head slowly.
11) 8) dialog: Then you'll probably have a great honeymoon. (to herself) This is such a deluxe bite. Ginny goes back into the bathroom and locks the door.
29) 0) text: Brenda and Ginny are hosting their luncheon. Ginny has opened her gifts and is sitting with a wok in her lap.
29) 1) dialog: (phoney) Aunt Grace, Rudy and I are just going to adore and enjoy the wok. Rudy's a freak for stir-fry stuff. It was a really neat thought. All of you, really. She sets the wok down along with ten other gift woks. She's received one from every luncheon guest. 49g 50
33) 0) text: Sam shuffles up the walk to the porch. The door opens and the ladies stream out. A couple smile at Sam, most don't recognize her. She stands to the side and plasters a polite grin on her face as she waits patiently for them t clear the door. Brenda and Ginny stand in the door and wave.
33) 1) dialog: (phoney) Thank you so much. Thank you. You're all incredibly kind.
33) 3) dialog: I love the woks. Rudy's going to be so excited.
33) 5) dialog: I sincerely want to puke. His relatives are animals. She slides back into the house. Brenda looks at Sam.
40) 0) text: Ginny's getting dressed for the dinner at the club. She's in her panties and bra. Sam's laying on the bed looking a the wedding dress hanging on the open closet door. She toys with the lace.
40) 1) dialog: Do you think Grandpa Fred's going to embarrass me?
40) 6) dialog: He asked me if Rudy was the oily variety bohunk.
40) 8) dialog: Don't be cute. I'm so paranoid. I know everybody'd be happier if I was marrying a white bread. Aunt Grace pulled me aside at the luncheon and told me that every family like Rudy's, no matter how straight, has a thug in it. She said it would be impos- sible to divorce him and live to enjoy it.
40) 10) dialog: I really love Rudy. And he loves me totally. I've had guys who loved me, but Rudy is like flipped-out. Even after six months. Ginny's casual attitude toward romance reminds Sam of how romantically bankrupt her own life is. Ginny has long enjoyed an overabundance of boyfriends. She has no consideration of how Sam might feel.
40) 12) dialog: That's really sweet, Sam, but Rudy and my love isn't a going steady thing. It's mature, adult love. We're getting married. This is it. The big time. When your turn comes around, you'll understand what I'm saying.
40) 17) dialog: Of course not. But there's dif- ferent varieties of love. What you're experiencing is puppy love.
40) 19) dialog: You're welcome. So. How long have you been in love? A day? A week? (pause) Ten minutes? Sam doesn't respond. She's angry at Ginny's insensitivity
40) 20) dialog: How long? How serious?
40) 22) dialog: You mean you're in love. Has he told you he loves you?
40) 24) dialog: Are you dating?
40) 26) dialog: Well, are you doing anything? Sam shakes her head.
81) 0) text: It's very stately and sedate. Jim and Brenda, Ginny and her fiance, Rudy and his parents, Bruno and Irene have finished dinner and are enjoying after-dinner drinks. Bru looks like a retired prize fighter. He's wearing a black polyester leisure suit with white stitching, an egg yello silk shirt, a gold nugget on a chain and a massive diamon pinkie ring. Irene's wearing a dress fit for a madame. Her bleached pink/blonde hair is styled in a fashion that would shame a country singer. They are a bellowing contrast to the blue blazers and monogram blouses of the members. Between puffs on his Havana, Bruno explains to a nervous and worried Jim, what business he's in.
137) 0) text: The sun's coming up behind the house. An alarm clock goes off. Ginny shrieks.
137) 1) dialog: Mother!
139) 4) dialog: Don't toy with me, mother!
139) 6) dialog: For Christ's sake. It's not fatal.
148) 6) dialog: Mom, I swear to God, I'm growing an alien creature in my stomach!
153) 0) text: Brenda helps Ginny down the church steps. Sam and Sara trail behind. The church Organist comes out the door to greet them. She's a portly woman in her sixties.
153) 2) dialog: I wish.
153) 6) dialog: Try three.
153) 11) dialog: Mother, I'm not in pain. I'm in hell. The Organist's eyes open wide at the mention of hell.
155) 6) dialog: She looks gorgeous. The prettiest bride in the world. A beat and a silly, stoned smile breaks across her face. He eyes slowly cross.
156) 0) text: Brenda's holding Ginny up as Sam puts shoes on her. The painkiller's have kicked in.
156) 1) dialog: (giggles) Jesus Christ! Do I feel funky!
156) 4) dialog: Aces to the max, munchkin.
156) 7) dialog: Cruise the bars. That's where I found him.
158) 0) text: Brenda's walking Ginny up and down, trying to get her to drink coffee.
164) 0) text: Brenda's straightening Ginny's dress. She has her propped against the wall. Sam and Sara are waiting patiently with their bouquets.
164) 2) dialog: It's gonna be a piece of cake, Bren’.
164) 7) dialog: (slurry and high) Hey, screw it, honey. I love you like a sister.
165) 0) text: Jim waits nervously for the music cue and the bride. In the adjacent room, we hear a loud thud! The organ comes u with the first bars of "The Wedding March." Jim rushes to the door of the anteroom and opens it. Inside we see Brenda helping a dazed Ginny to her feet.
168) 0) text: Brenda helps Ginny onto Jim's arm. He supports her. Brenda hurries down the aisle, apologizing as she runs. She takes her seat. Sam and Sara pick up Ginny's train. Jim starts down the aisle with Ginny.
169) 0) text: Ginny flashes stoned smiles as she shuffles down the aisl
169) 1) dialog: (whispers) How's it goin'? I hope none of you guys got me woks. Jim squeezes her arm. She shuts up. They pass a woman wit a feathered hat and Ginny can't resist batting the feathe
180) 0) text: Rudy and Ginny exchange their vows. The Reverend speaks i hushed and pensive tones.
180) 2) dialog: You bet, bub.
183) 0) text: Ginny peels off her veil and tosses it onto a floral arrangement.
183) 1) dialog: Sorry, I can't see with that ridiculous thing in my face. Go ahead. I'm cool now. The Reverend clears his throat, overlooks Ginny's stoned ‘interruption and continues.
183) 3) dialog: (looking at Rudy) Oh, for sure. He's hot.
184) 0) text: She winces at the mess Ginny's making of her wedding.
186) 2) dialog: (to Rudy) Your turn, babe.
186) 5) dialog: Thanks, Sam. (looks at her dress, whispers) You know that dress doesn't look nearly as shitty on you as it did at the store. Sam turns Ginny around to face Rudy. Ginny drops the ring
186) 6) dialog: Oh, crap! She gets down on all fours and picks it up.
189) 0) text: Both families stream out of the church and gather around the door. The photographer sets himself up at the bottom of the stairs. Ginny and Rudy come out and everybody tosses rice. Ginny tries to catch some in her mouth. Rudy quickly hustles her to the waiting limousine. The crowd begins to head toward the parking lot.
190) 0) text: She remembers that Ginny's left her veil inside.
193) 0) text: Sam comes out of the church to find that her thoughfulnes in retrieving Ginny's veil has been rewarded by her being left behind. The crowning blow. She stands alone on the church steps in her stupid dress with her stupid flowers, tears on her face. She looks down at the ground. The loneliest girl in all of creation. She looks up and wipes her tears on her arm. She drops her head again. 253 254 255 256 257 258