3) 0) text: The alarm continues for a beat. It stops and the house explodes with activity as the Baker family wakes and scrambles about their morning activities. There's Jim Baker, midforties, father, insurance executive, tall, lea somewhat meek-looking, in his suit pants and handlebar undershirt scurrying to the bathroom.
3) 1) dialog: Let's go! Chop, chop! We've got relatives invading this afternoon! He slams’the bathroom door. His wife, Brenda, whips out o the bedroom in her housecoat and heads down the stairs. She's also in her midforties, strong, attractive and dominant. Mike Baker, ten, wanders out of his bedroom, . stratching his rear end, yawning. He's young trouble, preteen maniac boy.
3) 13) text: (talks with the toothbrush in his mouth) Mike! Come on, pal, we're having a wedding tomorrow. Why can't you cooperate? Ginny Baker, twenty-one, comes out of her room in panties and a sweatshirt. She's very pretty, very pampered and very sloppy. She slips past Jim as he scolds Mike, goes into the bathroom and locks the door. Sara turns and marches into the bathroom at the other end of the hall.
3) 15) dialog: Pick on somebody your own size. He turns back to the bathroom. MIKE AND SARA ‘ 3-A She gives Mike a smug, snotty face. He squints angrily.
3) 18) dialog: 
3) 20) dialog: I was in there first! Open the door!
4) 2) dialog: Not until tomorrow. Come on! I got a mouthful of toothpaste!
5) 0) text: Jim growls angrily and gives up. He turns to see Mike leaning on the knewl post, eavesdropping.
5) 2) dialog: Where're you getting that mouth?
6) 3) dialog: Nope. He spits in the sink. Brenda stares at him. She leans over and looks in the sink.
7) 0) text: Jim smiles sheepishly at Brenda. She turns on the water to rinse the shrimp.
8) 0) text: Sara's standing on a stool, bare-chested with an underarm lathered with shave cream. She's shaving her underarms with Jim's electric razor. ‘She turns it off, put-out wit the order to wake Sam. :
11) 0) text: Sam comes down the hall, buttoning her blouse. Jim comes out of the bedroom, dressed for work. She sees him and stops. She smiles, waiting for a “happy birthday" from hi
11) 2) dialog: Hi, Sam. Better hurry. And that's it. No happy birthday. Sam is stunned. She watches him hurry down the stairs. The bathroom door open and Ginny comes out swaddled in bath towels. She sees Sam and sighs dramatically.
12) 0) text: Brenda herds Mike and Sara through the dining room and in the foyer. Jim comes in from the living room. He's fran- tically searching for his briefcase.
12) 1) dialog: Where's my briefcase? He opens the closet and rummages around for the briefcase
12) 10) dialog: Where's my briefcase? He pulls out hockey sticks, coats, hats, boots, toys, but no briefcase.
12) 14) dialog: It wasn't my idea to give her her own phone line. I don't have my own phone line.
12) 18) dialog: We're still going out tonight with the Rice Chex?
12) 23) dialog: Lovely thought. (to Sam) When it comes time for you to get married, do us a favor, elope. Jim exits.
35) 0) text: Sam's grandparents, Jim's parents, Howard and Dorothy Bak are changing out of their travel clothes. They're in thei early seventies. They're sweet and kind but pampered and particular. Dorothy's in her gigantic bra and slip. Howar in his undershorts, undershirt, socks and garters. They'r puttering around unpacking.
63) 0) text: Randy's found a guy, Jimmy Montrose. He's a semipopular, semihandsome guy. He's holding her hand as they sit on th gym bleachers watching Dong. Sam's with them, resting her chin on her knees. Her eyes are red from crying and she has the sniffles.
65) 0) text: It's slow dance time. Randy is snuggled comfortably in the crook of Jimmy's shoulder. As they dance past she
73) 0) text: She's putting on her coat. She's had enough. Randy's hanging on Jimmy. She feels for Sam and is trying to convince her to stay.
77) 0) text: Jimmy Montrose's car pulls in behind the Olds. Randy gets out and hurries to Sam's window. Sam looks up. Randy lean in the window. She's upset.
81) 0) text: It's very stately and sedate. Jim and Brenda, Ginny and her fiance, Rudy and his parents, Bruno and Irene have finished dinner and are enjoying after-dinner drinks. Bru looks like a retired prize fighter. He's wearing a black polyester leisure suit with white stitching, an egg yello silk shirt, a gold nugget on a chain and a massive diamon pinkie ring. Irene's wearing a dress fit for a madame. Her bleached pink/blonde hair is styled in a fashion that would shame a country singer. They are a bellowing contrast to the blue blazers and monogram blouses of the members. Between puffs on his Havana, Bruno explains to a nervous and worried Jim, what business he's in.
81) 5) dialog: (changing the subject) Well, all that matters is that the kids are happy together.
114) 0) text: Brenda's asleep. There's an empty spot next to her in the bed. Jim's sitting in the window, staring at a family portrait.
114) 2) dialog: He smiles at the fond memories the pictures stirs. He lea back against the wall and closes his eyes. A beat and he slowly opens his eyes. He looks at the picture again. He' suddenly very troubled. He looks at the dial of his watch
114) 3) dialog: Oh, Jesus! It's Sam's birthday.
121) 0) text: Jim creeps quietly down the stairs.
122) 0) text: Sam's asleep. Jim walks into the living room. He stops and looks at Sam on the couch. He smiles as he watches he sleeping. He steps around to the couch and sits down. He hesitates for a moment before he pats her head. He's a ma not accustomed to intimacy and affection.
122) 1) dialog: (whispers) Sam? Sweetheart? She stirs and looks up at him.
122) 3) dialog: Hi, kiddo.
122) 5) dialog: Everything's fine. I was just upstairs and I couldn't sleep and .-I feel like a real jerk, honey. We forgot your birthday. Sam is pleased that he remembered. -
122) 6) dialog: You gotta be burned up, huh? Sam smiles understandingly.
122) 8) dialog: This family can really foul things up.
122) 13) dialog: How about a party? Not a family party. You have your friends. We'll stay the hell away. Whatever you want, honey. You let me know. Have it the way you want it. The way you want it. She pulls herself up and kisses his cheek.
122) 15) dialog: No problem. Everything else okay? Sam nods. Jim gives her a wink and a kiss on the forehead
122) 16) dialog: See you in the morning. He stands up and starts for the foyer. Sam whimpers’ to h
122) 19) dialog: What's wrong?
122) 21) dialog: Everything what? Sam sits back on the couch and quickly wipes away her tea
122) 23) dialog: Your birthday?
122) 29) dialog: Oh, Lord. Is this something I should go get Mom for? Sam shakes her head.
122) 31) dialog: Are you nice to him?
122) 33) dialog: If you're crying over it, it's important.
122) 35) dialog: Why not?
122) 37) dialog: A what?
122) 39) dialog: I don't think you're blah.
122) 44) dialog: Can I tell you a little story?
122) 46) dialog: Jim nods. No, it's a love story.
122) 48) dialog: This was awhile ago, I .combed my hair different, I was young and fit and I didn't walk around the house in my undershorts. I was in college and I was head over heels in love with this girl. Sam giggles.
122) 49) dialog: Don't hurt my feelings.
122) 51) dialog: Anyway, she wouldn't even look at me. So I knew that if anything was going to happen, I'd have to make the first move.
122) 53) dialog: Either could I. But after worrying about it for a couple of weeks, I finally got up the courage to go to the sorority house where she lived. I let her know I wanted to see her and she came down. I wanted to faint. She walked over to me and....
122) 58) dialog: (shakes his head) No. She stomped on my foot so hard, she broke two toes. I met your mom at the hospital. There's a pause as both Jim and Sam realize that his stor has no relevance to Sam's situation.
122) 59) dialog: I guess that doesn't help you much, huh?
122) 61) dialog: Yeah. Well, if it's any consolation, I love you and if this guy can't see in you all the heautiful, wonderful things I see, he's got the problem.
122) 63) dialog: That's why they call them crushes. If they were easy, they'd call. them some- thing else.
122) 65) dialog: Let me tell you something about Ginny. IT love her just as much as I love you. But she's a different person. I'ma little worried about her. When things come easy, you don't always appreciate them. You, I'm not worried. When it happens to you, Samantha, it'll be forever. He leans over and kisses her forehead. He draws her close and hugs her. She kisses him and holds him as tight as he holds her.
122) 66) dialog: I won't be able to sleep unless I know I helped you out with this little talk, so would you be a sport and lie to me? Sam giggles.
122) 71) dialog: One more thing, sweetheart. (pause) Where in the hell are your under- shorts?
138) 0) text: Brenda hurries out of her room. Jim comes out after her.
138) 1) dialog: Great! She's not in the shower? Brenda gives him a dirty look and goes into Ginny's room. Jim crosses to the bathroom, thinking he's got it all to himself. Mike comes out of his room.
138) 3) dialog: Just get dressed.
143) 2) dialog: She calls 'em like she sees 'em, sport.
143) 4) dialog: God bless her. Jim “goes into the bathroom.
148) 8) dialog: Shut your mouth. Jim slams the door and locks the deadbolt.
148) 10) dialog: (to Brenda) You take the kids, I'll take the old folks.
148) 12) dialog: You, Fred! Brenda and the girls hurry to the garage and Brenda's car Jim shuffles along with the old people.
150) 0) text: Jim's Buick shoots out the drive.
152) 0) text: Jim slams on the brakes. The car doors open and everybody Piles out. They run to Dong and shoo the dogs away.
152) 2) dialog: Aw, shit! I'm paying three grand for a wedding I'll never see!
154) 0) text: Jim's car pulls up alongside the Rolls Royce. The grand- parents, Jim and Mike get out. Fred's still chuckling. Howard helps Dorothy. She's limping. We hold on the Rolls
165) 0) text: Jim waits nervously for the music cue and the bride. In the adjacent room, we hear a loud thud! The organ comes u with the first bars of "The Wedding March." Jim rushes to the door of the anteroom and opens it. Inside we see Brenda helping a dazed Ginny to her feet.
166) 0) text: The Organist stops playing and listens, along with everyo else, to Jim and Brenda.
166) 1) dialog: I don't care what she has! Look at her!
168) 0) text: Brenda helps Ginny onto Jim's arm. He supports her. Brenda hurries down the aisle, apologizing as she runs. She takes her seat. Sam and Sara pick up Ginny's train. Jim starts down the aisle with Ginny.
179) 0) text: They watch with pride. Brenda's crying. Jim lifts his glasses and dries his eyes. 239 240 241 242 243 244
181) 0) text: They exchange troubled glances. Brenda looks past Jim to Rudy's parents and apologizes with a weak smile.
192) 9) dialog: (to Brenda) Let's just get the hell over to the reception! .
192) 11) dialog: I don't want her sitting in the cake....
192) 14) dialog: Let's put a fire under it! The photographer comes up and tries to pose Jim and the old people.
192) 15) dialog: Will you knock it off! He groans and joins the old folks in a group pose. They all smile. Flash!
192) 16) dialog: Okay, let's move it out! Jim and the old folks cross the street between the traffi jam of horn honking cars.
197) 0) text: Jim is helping the old people into the car. Something catches his eye. He watches curiously.
197) 2) dialog: a smile spreads across his face as he realizes that Jake the boy Sam was talking about the night before. He winks and gives Sam the thumbs up.
198) 0) text: Brenda, Jim, Mike and Sara are under the portico. Brenda' worried, Jim is smug and coy. He knows where Sam is. He plays along with the others.
198) 2) dialog: I'm sure she's fine.
198) 7) dialog: She'll be all right.
198) 11) dialog: We'll make it up to her.