14) 0) text: A large study hall. A male teacher is at the head of the class grading papers. Sam's in the second seat from the back. Randy's directly behind her, slumped down in her chair with an open book propped up in front of her. She yawns. Sam's hunched over taking the sex test.
19) 0) text: She carefully folds the test into a tiny square, palms it and pretending to yawn, puts her arms behind her head and drops the folded note on Randy's desk.
19) 1) dialog: She's sound asleep in her seat, head back, mouth open. Sh doesn't see the note drop on her desk. Jake does.
20) 0) text: Sam and Randy are walking down the hall. Sam's upset.
20) 2) dialog: I don't know anything about it.
20) 5) dialog: Did you put your name on it?
20) 7) dialog: Who'd you name?
20) 9) dialog: (incredulous) Jake Ryan?! He doesn't even know you exist.
20) 11) dialog: Sorry. But Jake Ryan? He's a senior and he's taken. I mean really taken.
20) 16) dialog: He's ideal for sure but forget it.
23) 0) text: Randy and Sam move their trays along the line. Sam's looking at her tray with revulsion.
23) 2) dialog: They're not too terrible since they started using meat. What happened to your carrots?
23) 4) dialog: Are they working?
24) 0) text: Girls are showering and dressing after gym. We see Sam an Randy standing in the doorway of the shower room with the arms folded across their chests to conceal their modest charms. Sam's shaking her head as she studies the mature physiques of the senior girls. Randy clucks her tongue.
24) 3) dialog: They hold their intense stares.
24) 4) dialog: It truly makes me ill.
24) 11) dialog: And practically impossible to cut up. She's supposedly real sweet, her brother's deaf and everybody in the world worships her.
24) 14) dialog: Black.
26) 0) text: Freshmen boys are climbing on board. They're silly and rowdy, pushing and shoving. Sam and Randy move in the crowd of boys, all of them a good head shorter.
27) 0) text: Sam and Randy board the bus. The Bus Driver, who is dress like the weenie boys and wears a Walkman around his neck, is giving the high five to the boys boarding the bus.
27) 6) dialog: I hope you get a car for your birthday. And a driver's license.
30) 0) text: The school bus pulls up and stops. Randy climbs down. Sam speaks to her out the window.
30) 2) dialog: You call me first and tell me what happened at home. ' _SAM ; I'll tell you right now. Nothing.
30) 3) dialog: Quit feeling sorry for yourself. It's bad for your complexion. The bus pulls out.
48) 0) text: Sam's sitting on a sink as depressed as anyone can get. Randy's fixing her face and trying to:console Sam. She ha an outrageous amount of makeup supplies spread | out. n-. sink. : S
48) 2) dialog: Nobody has to know you're with him. SAM Me I must have been a mass murderer in a previous life. RANDY . Look, just pretend you don't know who he is’
50) 0) text: Sam and Randy walk in.
50) 2) dialog: It isn't healthy to get too jacked- up about a guy who isn't even a thing yet.
50) 4) dialog: That's a cheerful thought. Let's go make ourselves available. Randy winks and heads into the crush of bodies in the gym Sam sighs and follows.
53) 0) text: Sam's watching Jake and Caroline slow dancing. Randy's talking with friends. Sam's imagining herself in Caroline place. .
63) 0) text: Randy's found a guy, Jimmy Montrose. He's a semipopular, semihandsome guy. He's holding her hand as they sit on th gym bleachers watching Dong. Sam's with them, resting her chin on her knees. Her eyes are red from crying and she has the sniffles.
63) 19) dialog: Wimp? Can I be honest with you?
63) 21) dialog: Okay.
63) 26) dialog: Get the fuck out of here.
63) 33) dialog: This is so sad.
65) 0) text: It's slow dance time. Randy is snuggled comfortably in the crook of Jimmy's shoulder. As they dance past she
73) 0) text: She's putting on her coat. She's had enough. Randy's hanging on Jimmy. She feels for Sam and is trying to convince her to stay.
73) 1) dialog: Where are you gonna go?
73) 3) dialog: Don't do that. Stay here with us.
73) 5) dialog: No offense, but what more could happen?
77) 0) text: Jimmy Montrose's car pulls in behind the Olds. Randy gets out and hurries to Sam's window. Sam looks up. Randy lean in the window. She's upset.
77) 1) dialog: Sam? Are you sitting down? Sam looks over at her. Of course she's sitting down.
77) 2) dialog: I don't want to depress you. Sam covers her head and slumps down in the seat.
78) 0) text: Sam's mouth is wide open. She's stunned. Randy feels terrible about having to be the bearer of bad news.
78) 1) dialog: Be thankful you got out of there before your grandparents showed up.
78) 5) dialog: Your grandfather who always makes the shitty jokes hijacked the mike and sang some really bizarre songs.
78) 7) dialog: The good news is, they pretty much trashed the dance. Everybody kind of took off like right away.
78) 12) dialog: Just forget about it, okay? Come with me and Jimmy. There's a monster party over at Jake Ryan's. at Randy like she's crazy.
78) 14) dialog: You gotta stop torturing yourself.
78) 16) dialog: I mean about Jake. What you should do is go with us, okay? Maybe Jake'll get shitfaced and act dis- gusting and you'll lose interest in him. Remember last summer how bad I had a crush on that guy from Maine? I had a hard-on every waking minute until he puked on my feet. For the rest of the summer, everytime I saw him I gagged.
78) 18) dialog: I don't know, Sam. It's pretty valid. I thought I'd die for this guy but when it came right down to it, my feet were more important. Sam shakes her head no.
78) 26) dialog: If you want some company, I'll tell Jimmy I just got my period.
145) 1) dialog: I'm so bummed out to hear all this. I was going to tell you something but maybe I shouldn't. It's pretty bad.
146) 3) dialog: Last night at the dance my little brother paid a buck to see your underwear. She pulls the phone from her ear as Sam screams.