0) 16) dialog: We are CLOSE on a sign on the window which reads:
0) 17) dialog: Groceries and Delicatessen" CAMERA PULLS BACK and we see it is a bitterly colds windy day. Passersby are muffled in their overcoats and braced into the stiff wind. Traces of snow are seen swirling on doorsteps and at the curb, A wagon is stopping; the horse's head is lowered in the sharp cold wind. It is loaded with sacks of coal. On its side is lettered:
0) 26) dialog: You say nice things, Boris,
0) 30) dialog: See you tonight?
0) 33) text: 10 11 Boris. goes out the alley door, .and Wanda walks over to the icebox and takes out of it a small paper bag, in which she keeps her money. She takes a bill out of it and goes toward Gruska. Off scene we hear the SOUND of the'front door BELL. .
0) 34) dialog: “Got change for a twenty?
0) 36) text: Wanda, you're looking at a man with a cold coming on. ~ Bundy walks to the potbellied stove. Wanda picks up the. bottle and a glass, pours some in as she approaches Bundy, and hands him the drink as he sits down before the fire.
0) 48) dialog: The two men come walking rapidly out of the store to their car. They do not have their guns in their handsy Their faces are averted as WILLIAM DECKER, a mailman, approaches. He looks curiously after them. ‘Then a gun drops from under the coat of one of the men, right at Decker's feet. The man stoops quickly and scoops it up. Decker looks at him, stunned. Then the man gets into the car and it drives off. Decker turns quickly into Wanda!s place.
0) 49) dialog: Gruska bends over Bundy and slowly the closest door opens and Wanda peers out. “WANDA (frightened) Did they go? Just then Decker, the mailman, opens the door from the front and looks in, in horror. Gruska looks up sudden- ly. .
0) 51) dialog: (in Polish) Bose Moj -~ t
1) 32) text: 177 23 (Cont..) 10. TOMEK. Iv-.I was scared. Sometimes, I used to hang around Wandaty place - and when I heard they were picking ‘ up everybody she knew ~ well - I figured nobody would miss me, and IT. Just beat ite... (then) ~ -,I know now I made a mistake. (pleadingly) ~ But I came in on my own hook, didn't I? 2ND COP . When: you went to Wiecek's house that night ~ what reason did you . give for wanting to sleep there? .
1) 43) dialog: (pointing) Yes. Him, and him,
1) 46) dialog: Sure. Tomek used to come around my place all the time. The other fellow I never saw before.
1) 48) dialog: Yese
1) 50) dialog: Yes.
3) 37) text: : 66 (Cont.) ' . i FRANK: . 1; Co ‘There was Wanda Skutnik. It was her and her alone, that put me where I ’ - ami She identified me. But the other two witnesses -- Gruska and the mailman -- they said-'no'. ‘ McNeal nods. .
3) 38) text: ' “ . (continuing). j Then there was a police captain. He was the one who got Wanda Skutnik to . i : : say I was.the man. He stood right . ' . alongside of her when she picked me _ | : ~ out. She was afraid.of him. ~