1) 201) dialog: 
1) 205) dialog: (noncommittally) I like him. The door is thrown open by a trusty and Frank Wiecek walks in. He has a beaten and regimented look. He comes over to the Warden's desk.
1) 206) dialog: Frank, this is McNeal of the Chicago Times. He wants to interview you. Frank looks surprised, but not yet hopefuld (CONTINUED)
1) 210) dialog: You ‘don't have to consent to this interview or answer any questions if you don't want to.
1) 212) dialog: ‘Okay, he's yours. (to Frank) “sit down. Frank sits down awkwardly and nervously.
1) 260) dialog: (quietly) Thatts all, Frank. Frank neds and starts towards the door. On his way there, he looks back piteously at McNeal, pleading for help and faith. Then he goes out, with the Warden. and MeNeal iecking after him. MCNEAL . Are there any guilty men up here?
1) 261) dialog: Not if you hear them tell it.
1) 263) dialog: _ (darily) 99 years is a long time.
2) 108) text: I got a phone call from the warden this morning. Wiecek wants to see you again.
2) 132) dialog: I've read all you've written and I think you pitched some pretty low curves...
2) 138) dialog: As I once told you, up here every . man.claims to be innocent. But the. prisoners are the harshest judges of themselves and they believe we only have two men who don't belong hereosceo . (then) . +ooTomek Zaleska and Frank Wiecek. McNeal looks at him and then makes a quick decision.
3) 0) text: As guard opens the door for McNeal and Warden. Looking curiously from the Warden to McNeal, Zaleska stands there, pathetic, sad-faced, and somewhat resentful.
3) 1) dialog: (quietly) This is Mr, McNeal, of the Times,
3) 5) dialog: “No. Go right ahead, ‘ The Warden steps outside, not far away, and we continue to see him through the glass door of the cell; but he is- out of earshot, McNeal moves closer to Zaleska, his voice low. (CONTINUED)
3) 12) dialog: Well? McNeal shakes his head negatively, still frowning. (CONTINUED)
3) 17) dialog: (nodding) I imagine he would. I'll take you to the hospital. He works there. As they move past the. guard and around the corner, we
3) 20) dialog: Frank, Mr. McNeal wants to talk to you again. Frank doesn't even turn around. He continues working at - the sterilizer, McNeal is in an awkward position, but he makes his play.