20) 0) text: Thirty years before. GLEN WHITEHOUSE ("POP"), 42, pushes boys, Wade (13) and Rolfe (10), toward snow-covered lumps firewood behind the barn. He's drunk. The boys carry shov and a pickaxe.
20) 2) dialog: Pop, the kids are waiting for us.
20) 8) dialog: Please, Pop. Let's go back.
23) 2) dialog: We'll work at it everyday, promise.
23) 9) text: Rolfe runs from the room screaming, "Mom!"
29) 2) dialog: Wade?
29) 4) dialog: There was something. It happened up  your way.
29) 6) dialog: Wade, it's late. I know you're  probably at Toby's, but I'm in bed  reading. We got different habits.
31) 2) dialog: He was scheduled to testify for a  committee investigating organized  crime in New England and the  construction business.
31) 4) dialog: Twombley.
31) 6) dialog: You think Jack shot him?
31) 8) dialog: They were out deer hunting, right?  Jack probably heard the gun go off,  then came back and found the body.
33) 2) dialog: Huh?
33) 4) dialog: How was she?
33) 6) dialog: Who?
33) 8) dialog: What happened?
35) 1) dialog: Don't think about it. You're  exhausted.
35) 3) dialog: Get some sleep.
35) 5) dialog: Haven't you already done a bit of  that?
42) 8) text: Pop clenches his fist. Wade vainly looks Rolfe's directio for help.
47) 0) text: ROLFE WHITEHOUSE, 38, drives his four-door Toyota west:  through Massachusetts, toward New Hampshire. His face bes tolerance, objectivity -- in short, education. It's also  Wade's face.
47) 1) dialog: Wade called me, as usual, late at  night. I knew it was Wade -- no one  else calls me at that hour -- and I  was ready to listen to another chapter  in one of his ongoing sagas. There  was the detective story concerning  the shooting of Evan Twombley and  the family melodrama about Wade's  custody fight with Lillian. But not  this time.
48) 0) text: Rolfe's Toyota sits with other cars.
48) 1) dialog: Wade was telling a different story,  or so it seemed then, one in which I  myself was a character. He had called  to tell me that sometime the previous  night our mother had died, and he  had discovered the body when he'd  gone over to visit her and our father  with Margie Fogg. Pop was okay, but  kind of out of it. Worse than usual,  maybe, though no drunker than usual.
49) 4) dialog: What about Jill? Is Lillian bringing  her?
49) 5) text: Margie's face tells Rolfe he's touched on a sensitive sub
49) 9) dialog: No thanks. I don't drink.
49) 14) dialog: B.U.
49) 18) dialog: Well...
49) 19) text: Wade, expressionless, looks at Rolfe. Rolfe, embarrassed, trying to do the right thing, helps his father kneel besi Rev. Doughty. The others join the circle.
49) 23) text: Pop mutters something. Wade, Rolfe and Marg exchange glan He mutters louder:
49) 32) text: Gordon and the couple file out. Doughty, Glen, Rolfe, Wad and Margie remain.
49) 38) dialog: Wade, just leave it.
50) 0) text: Townspeople and friends cluster around the gravesite: Pop LaRiviere, Jack and Hettie, LaCoy, Chub Merritt, Nick, Ji Lillian, Jill and Horner, Rolfe, Wade and Margie.
50) 1) dialog: The day of the funeral was almost  springlike. The snowline crossed New  Hampshire west to east, retreating  northward to Concord where it melted  by midmorning.
50) 2) text: Rev. Doughty finishes. The mourners exchange farewells. W looks at Lillian. Margie and Rolfe, escorting Wade's fath let him be. He walks over, hugs Jill.
50) 15) text: He kisses Jill, says goodbyes, walks back to Rolfe and Ma Ahead, LaRiviere walks with Jack.
51) 0) text: Wade and Rolfe leave Margie and Pop in the kitchen as the step out back.
52) 0) text: Shafts of light filter through the ramshackle structure. snow drift nearly buries Glen's red truck. Wade and Rolfe break away the packed snow.
52) 1) dialog: What about Margie?
52) 3) dialog: Well, do you still plan to get  married?
52) 5) text: They finish clearing the snow. Wade gets in the truck, st the engine. Rolfe waits for Wade.
52) 7) dialog: Anything new about the shooting?  Twombley?
52) 9) dialog: Want to know what I think happened?
52) 12) dialog: I think your first response to the  Twombley shooting was the correct  one.
52) 14) dialog: That it wasn't an accident.
52) 16) dialog: Well, your friend, I think. Jack  Hewitt.
52) 18) dialog: Money.
52) 20) dialog: (agreeing) They wouldn't deal with a guy like  Jack. Who else benefits if Twombley  is suddenly dead?
52) 22) dialog: Okay. It's likely there are people  in the union who don't want Twombley  to testify. They probably include  his son-in-law who's vice-president  and will probably be the next  president. I read that in the papers.  What's his name, Mel Gordon?
52) 24) dialog: Here's my theory. Twombley, unaware  of illegal union loans or whatever,  starts nosing around cause of the  investigation and finds out. Finds  out his son-in-law is involved.
52) 26) dialog: A hunting accident is perfect.
52) 30) dialog: Not particularly.
52) 32) dialog: I care about what happened. The truth.  I'm a student of history, remember?
52) 34) dialog: I was thinking about that story you  told me, about Pop and chopping the  firewood out of the ice and after.
52) 36) dialog: I hate to disappoint you, but I don't  think it happened.
52) 38) dialog: It may have happened, but not the  way you said.
52) 40) dialog: It wasn't me. I wasn't there, but I  heard about it. When I heard about  it, it was about Elbourne.
52) 42) dialog: And Elbourne and Mom took you to the  doctor and told him you fell from  the hay loft.
52) 44) dialog: I remember clearly cause when I heard  I became real careful around Pop. I  was a careful child and I became a  careful adult, but at least I wasn't  afflicted by that man's violence.
52) 46) text: Rolfe looks out: the cobalt sky has turned black.
52) 47) dialog: I gotta head back. It's a long drive.
64) 2) dialog: Wade, are you alright?
70) 9) dialog: For what?
71) 2) dialog: Take care of the little things first,  the things that are distracting you  from taking care of the big things.  Call Chub Merritt, get your car back,  call a dentist, for God's sake, and  get your tooth pulled, don't trust  the locals, get your facts straight  and go straight to the state police.  Let them work on this.
72) 11) text: Pop growls, goes back to wrestling on the TV. Wade walks the cabinet, removes a pair of pliers from the tool drawe goes toward the bathroom. In the BATHROOM, Wade opens his mouth -- it hurts -- take bite of whisky, sets the bottle on the toilet tank. He looks at the stranger in the mirror, reaches inside hi mouth with the pliers. Prying his mouth open, Wade Whiteh locks the pliers onto a large molar in the back, squeezes and pulls. He steadies himself, pulls again, yanking the pliers from his mouth. The bloody rotted tooth clatters in the sink. takes another bite of whisky. Rolfe's voice plays over:
72) 12) dialog: You will say I should have known  terrible things were about to happen,  and perhaps I should have. But even  so, what could I have done by then?  Wade never went inside. He lived  almost wholly out there on his skin,  with no interior space to retreat  to, even in a crisis.
81) 1) dialog: The historical facts are known by  everyone -- all of Lawford, all of  New Hampshire, some of Massachusetts.  Facts do not make history. Our  stories, Wade's and mine, describe  the lives of boys and men for  thousands of years, boys who were  beaten by their fathers, whose  capacity for love and trust was  crippled almost at birth and whose  best hope, if any, for connection  with other human beings lay in an  elegiac detachment, as if life were  over.
82) 1) dialog: It's how we keep from destroying in  turn our own children and terrorizing  the women who have the misfortune to  love us; how we absent ourselves  from the tradition of male violence;  how we decline the seduction of  revenge.
82) 3) dialog: Jack's truck turned up three days  later in a shopping mall in Toronto.  Even without the footprints, the  bullet, Wade's utter disappearance  seemed evidence enough of his guilt.
83) 1) dialog: LaRiviere and Mel Gordon were indeed  in business. The Parker Mountain Ski  Resort is now advertised all across  the country. Jimmy Dame tends bar at  the lodge. Chub Merritt opened a  snowmobile dealership, Nick Wickham  runs the new Burger King. Margie  Fogg moved to Littleton, nearer her  mother; Lillian and Jill went with  Bob Horner to a new job in Seattle.
83) 3) dialog: We want to believe Wade died, died  that same November, froze to death  on a bench or a sidewalk. You cannot  understand how a man, a normal man,  a man like you and me, could do such  a terrible thing. Unless the police  happen to arrest a vagrant who turns  out to be Wade Whitehouse -- or maybe  he won't be a vagrant; maybe he will  have turned himself into one of those  faceless fellows working at the video  store and lives in a town-house  apartment at the edge of town until  his mailman recognizes him from the  picture at the post office -- unless  that happens, there will be no more  mention of him and his friend Jack  Hewitt and our father. The story  will be over. Except that I continue.