0) 9) text: We see for a moment, A WIDE SHOT looking down at the woma the floor. Bill (from behind) bent down over her. Four ot in black suits, standing over her (three are female, one male). And about four DEAD BODIES lying in their own bloo We also see we're in a wedding chapel that's been redecor by blood death and gunfire. And firstly or lastly, depend on the viewer, that the woman on the floor is dressed in white bridal gown. This woman is our Heroine, and from this moment forth she will only be referred to as The BRIDE. Back to CU of The BRIDE. The BRIDE on the floor. Her pretty face is wiped clean.
1) 0) text: The Bride behind the wheel of a Volkswagen Karman Ghia convertible. Her long blodne hair whipping in the wind. A PROCESS SHOT PLAYS behind her. THE BRIDE (V.O. Looked dead, didn't I? Well I wasn't, but it wasn'T for lack fo trying, I can tell you that. Actually Bill's last bullet put me in a coma. A coma I was to lie in for five years. When I woke up, ...I went on what the movie advertisements refer to as a Roaring Rampage of Revenge. I roarded and I rampaged and I got http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 4 of 1 Kill Bill bloody satisfaction. In all, I've killed 33 people to get to this piont right now. I have only one more. The last one. The one I'M driving to right now. The only one left. And when I arrive at my destination..... +... I'm gonna Kill Bill.
2) 0) text: The front door opens and an attractive black HOUSEWIFE th same age as The Bride stands in the doorway. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 5 of 1 Kill Bill The Housewife's face shows immediate recognition of the blonde on her doorstep. The BRIDE on the porch; we do a quick Shaw-Brothers-style Zoom into eyes.
3) 0) text: The white woman and the black woman FLY into the center o the living room, CRASHING onto her coffe table in front o the sofa. These two wildcats go at each other savagely, TUMBLING OV the couch, clawing and scratching all the way, landing together on the plush carpet. The HOUSEWIFE KICKS The Bride, sending her CRASHING backwards into the small table where the phone, a note pad (for messages), a the mail is kept. The Housewife scrambles up on her feet, but is caught by FLYING TACKLE from behind by The Bride that sends them bo into.....eee An ornamental iron and tempered-glass bookcase that has framed family photos, display toys, some African art, and collection of painted commemorative plates depicting the negro experience in the American military. Starting with plate featuring Cripis Atkins in the revolutionary war, n troops in union blue during the civil war, Buffalo soldie fighting Indians, the Jim Crow troops of the first world the colored troops of world war two, Korea, Vietnam, and finally Colin Powell....The Bride and The Housewife CRASH THROUGH all this reducing everything to rubble. They land hard on the floor covered in broken glass, lock in grapple, each trying to get the best of the other one, When The Housewife HEADBUTTS The Bride in the nose. The HOUSEWIFE hops off The Bride, runs into the kitchen, opens a drawer comes out with a HUGE MOTHERFUCKIN BUTCHER KNIFE. The BRIDE rises from the floor, and WHIPS OUT a KNIFE in a sheath http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 6 of 1 Kill Bill hanging from her belt known as a SOG. (A SOG is a long, double-edged knife that's as sharp as a razor, and is wha Navy Seals use to kill humans with.) The Bride backs up into the mess of the now totally demolished living room. The two woman stalk each other, each holding her blade, e looking like they know how to use it, each waiting for th other to make a mistake so they can plunge their blade de into the other one. Blood and sweat dript off of the faces of the two women locked in life and death combat...... ....When The back kitchen door opens, and a FOUR-YEAR-OLD LITTLE GIRL, carrying a lunch box steps inside.
4) 0) text: The Bride walks down the dead woman's driveway to her vehicle. She glances at the lawn toys one more time as sh makes here getaway. She climbs into her big, yellow pickup truck, with the wo "Pussy Wagon" written across the flatbed's hatch door in pimpy font. She takes out a ringed notebook and turns to page that's headline reads; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 14 of Kill Bill
5) 1) text: A red umbrella opens as rain falls down. CU the back of a head wearing a yellow rainslicker hood, framed by the red umbrella above it, which water cascades down and beats a rhythm against. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 15 of Kill Bill The figure in the yellow rainslicker with the red umbrell (who we can guess is female) starts walking towards the hospital.
7) 3) text: http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 17 of Kill Bill
10) 0) text: We see a HOSPITAL ORDERLY'S bright red and white Reeboks softly slapping against the smooth surface of the institution's floor. They make a sound nothing like Bill' shoes.
13) 0) text: The elevator doors open, and The Orderly steps out. BACK TO The BRIDE She hears the sound of Bill's boots approaching the room. STEP...STEP...STEP... She sees Gerald has a Trucker's knife in a holster attach to his belt. Her hands removes it. The Orderly swaggers down the hall to The Bride's room, r Reeboks slapping against the smooth floor. CU The BRIDE She SNAPS the knife's BLADE OPEN in her CU. The Orderly pushes open The Bride's door, stopping in sho The ORDERLY'S POV: He sees an empty bed with bloodstains on it, Two dead Truckers on the floor, and no Bride.
15) 0) text: The Bride pulls herself up into the backseat of Buck's pi truck. Once in the backseat, she shoves the wheelchair aw It rolls out of control down the parking ramp, and CRASHE Now The Bride's lying vertically in Buck's truck's backse Seemingly out of danger - at least out of sight - but she still stuck hiding in the hospital. And until she regains full use of her legs and feet, this little Bride ain't go anywhere or doin anything. Lying flat, with the back of her head propped up against door, her long, lifeless legs stretched out in front of h her two bare feet at the end of them, pointing to the sky the Bride focusses her eyes, her stare, her thoughts, her strength, and all her concentration....on her big toe. SLOW ZOOM INTO BIG TOE.... SLOW ZOOM INTO HER FACE.... SLOW ZOOM INTO BIG TOE.... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 28 of Kill Bill SLOW ZOOM INTO FACE.
15) 4) text: As I lay in the back of Buck's pickup truck, trying to will my limbs out of entropy, I could see the faces of the cunts who did this to me, and the dick responsible. Members all of Bill's brainchild; "The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad."
15) 21) dialog: WE MOVE INTO A HEAD and SHOULDERS CU OF The BRIDE'S BLACK SILHOUETTE.
16) 0) text: A Central American General riding backseat of his governm vehicle. TWO BEAUTIFUL LATIN WOMEN in one-piece bathing s http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 31 of Kill Bill sit on either side of him. They both wear sashes down the front; one reads, "Miss Panama," the other reads, "Miss Venezuela." As we cut to this shot, he has both hands on of their bare knees. He's laughing as the TOP OF HIS HEAD BLOWN OFF. The 23-YEAR OLD O-REN ISHII stands before Bill and The Bride. (Bill is not clearly viewed.)
18) 0) text: The Bride drives Buck's big, yellow pussy wagon all over Paso buying supplies. WE FOLLOW Her bare feet into a clothing store. Her feet, legs, and ass slip into a new pair of LEVI'S. Her hands grab a pair of CHERRY BROWN COWBOY BOOTS. Then slips on the cowboy boots. Chooses another TOP. And finds a warm JACKET. She opens Buck's "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet, and pays fo the items. She emerges from the store wearing her new outfit, and cl back in the truck. She drives, stopping at a DEPARTMENT STORE, and walking inside. She picks up a SHOVEL, a HAND PICKAXE, a big CAMPING FLASHLIGHT, a MAP OF TEXAS, a writing NOTEBOOK, and a bun of RED and BLACK FELT PENS. While the Bride is buying items in the department store w CROSSCUT.... ..with her driving the pussy wagon up to a low-rent motel called, "The Texican".... ...Her Registering with the OLD BASTARD of a desk clerk, getting the key, and paying him out of the "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet.... ...her drawing a bath in the bathroom of the motel room.. Shampoo is taken off the shelf of the department store... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 33 of Kill Bill ...conditioner... .a bar of soap... «hot water runs out of the bathtub faucet... ...steam rises off the hot bathwater... ...she pulls down a bunch of bath products, like bubble b salts, apricot this - kiwi that, we see her pour all the items in the bathwater... ...then we see her bare foot enter the bathwater... ...then Lower her whole body into the bathwater... ...now submerged in the warm bathwater, by herself, perfe MUSIC CUE ON SOUNDTRACK, she begins to cry...her poor hea has been shattered and five years of tears come flooding of her. She cries for her baby... She cries for the motherhood robbed from her... She cries for all the innocent people at the wedding chap who died simply because they were unlucky enough to cross path... She cries for the betrayal at the hands of her lover... She cries for the treachery at the hands of her comrades. She cries for the five years of life snatched from her... She cries for the countless violations she endured while incapacitated... And finally, she cries for all the misery she will cause undeserving...... enroute to Bill's retribution. Retribut that begins the minute she steps out of this bathtub. She curls up into a fetal position inside the tub of warm water...weeping. We DOLLY back...to give our heroine some privacy...WE DISSOLVE through the bathroom door...Till we're on the ot side, filming a closed door with crying on the other side When she's finished shedding tears, is when she'll begin shedding blood. When the bathroom door opens, the woman that emerges, has closed out all of her emotions...save from one...revenge. It's that woman, in her new outfit, that climbs into the yellow pussy wagon, puts the T.C.B. Sunglasses over her e and starts the engine that sets into motion the gory stor follow.
19) 1) text: http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 34 of Kill Bill The truck shines its headlight beams on an open patch of prairie wasteland. We see dirt, rocks, plants, and an oil derrick pumping up and down. The Bride STOPS the truck. Taking her flashlight with her, The Bride walks into the headlight beams towards one rock on the ground in particu She lifts it off the ground, there's an X on it's undersi She smiles. If the X hadn't been there, she would have ta it as a sign that her vengeance quest was never meant to But as it is there, it would appear that fortune has smil on The Bride and her bloody intentions. She walks back to the truck, takes the shovel and the han pickaxe out from the flatbed, reaches into the truck cab CHANGES THE MUSIC TO A POUNDING HEAVY METAL ANTHEM. CU The BRIDE'S COWBOY BOOTS next to the X ROCK IN TIME WITH The METAL, The Bride's cowboy boots count ou ten paces from the rock. When the boots stop, the flashlight ENTERS THE SHOT illuminating the spot, THEN...the shovel ENTERS, striking deep in the unmarked earth.
23) 0) text: Where you look isnide your safety deposit box by yourself The Bride opens up the first box... ...It's filled w/ CASH. She opens up the second box.... ...It's filled w/ CASH. She opens up the third box.... ....It's filled w/ CASH. She opens up the fourth box.... ....She Takes out a BAG. Inside the bag are 14 FORGED http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 36 of Kill Bill PASSPORTS and DRIVER'S LICENSES in 14 different names. Also in the box, is one COMPACT REFRIGERATOR CASE. She op it, inside are 2 BEAUTIFUL HANDMADE GOLD SYRINGES and 1 V OF FLUID.
24) 1) text: of the Bride in her passenger seat, flying to Japan. We s she's holding a clean white handkerchief. She's sewing th name "Bill" in the corner. END OF MUSIC MONTAGE.
26) 30) text: compassion... repeats this... Page 46 of 185 Kill Bill
28) 0) text: The entire O-Ren Ishii crew moves through the restaurant. CUSTOMERS all look up now as the crew passes. The restaur staff acts as if the Shogun himself has just showed up on their doorstep demanding a meal. No doubt if the meal is satisfactory the staff will gladly slice off a finger. Th door to a private dining room is slid open, the crew step inside, the door is slid shut. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 51 of Kill Bill
31) 27) text: The Attackers start to close in...The Bride readies herse for their attack....THEN (in perfect time with the Heavy http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 59 of Kill Bill Metal)...Drops to the floor on her back, Spinning like a She Swings and Slashes and Cuts down below at their legs feet, like some hellish samurai sword-weilding turtle fli over on its shell.... Many black-suited, mask-wearing boys drop to the ground. ...Still Spinning like a break dancer, she spins up on to her head, and Pops back up on her feet. And then there were seven. The seven remaining sword-weilding, black-suited boys mov out of range of the Bride's blade when she dropped to the floor. Now spread out, they make a large half-circle. The Bride, slowly points the tip of her blade to the floo lowers herself to one knee and slightly bows her head. In repose. EX CU The Bride's eyes pointed up, watch them move closer, COLOR COMES BACK INTO FILM. We see her face is splashed with blood.
32) 8) text: Page 69 of 185 Kill Bill
33) 3) dialog: Sofie, Sofie, my Sofie, I'm so sorry.
33) 5) dialog: -- no more of that. I invented that truth serum. Once it entered your bloodstream, you no longer had a choice.
33) 7) dialog: -- But still -- nothing, except my aching heart over what she's done to my beautiful and brilliant Sofie. Page 75 of 185 Kill Bill (pause) If you had to guess why she left you alive, what would be your guess?
33) 13) dialog: If O-Ren was number one, unless she's being tricky, Vernita Green will be number two.
33) 15) dialog: Los Angeles. Vernita's in Pasadena. But the woman you want will hold up in a low budget motel, fifteen of twenty minutes away from stepping on board a plane departing LAX. If I had to bet...I'd say Hawthorne. Page 76 of 185, Kill Bill Yuki blows a pink bubble gum bubble, it pops and she says English;
36) 1) text: The Bride laid out on Nurse Owens' kitchen table, while t nurse extracts the bullets. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am Page 89 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am The Bride screams. The TV is turned up loud to hide the screams. The fifth slug is placed in an ashtray next to three cigarette butts and other balls of lead. The Bride, drunk as a skunk, says to her savior;
36) 15) dialog: That, no one ever calls me. A FEMALE VOICE FROM OFF SCREEN says to the Doorman;
37) 0) text: Bill looks inside and sees a fancy hotel room converted i a crap game. A crap table has been erected in the middle the suite. SEVEN MEN stand around the table trying their luck. All playing has stopped at the opening of the door. One woman in a beautiful black dress, stands at the head the table...It's her game her name is L.F. O'BOYLE.
37) 1) text: Bill stands in the doorway. ALBURT the doorman, who wears tux, waits for L.F.'s word.
37) 3) dialog: Not anymore? L.F. laughs. L.F. Let him play, Alburt. Bill steps inside and the game continues in earnest. L.F. (to the players) We now return to the game already in progress. The point is nine http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 91 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am gentlemen, nine is the point... As Alburt frisks him, Bill takes in the room. There are f other men all wearing black tuxedos, all carrying samurai swords (as is Alburt), all working for Miss O'Boyle. In h hand Bill holds his sheathed Hanzo sword. Referring to th sword;
37) 5) dialog: You'll have to. The two men stare... L.F. Now now boys...Mr. Bill, do you intend to start any shit with that sword?
37) 6) dialog: I give you my word of honor, I will start nothing. L.F. Good enough for me. (back to game)
37) 8) dialog: That's rather pricey.
37) 10) dialog: I think I'll stay here. I'm thirsty. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 92 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
37) 12) dialog: Beer.
37) 14) dialog: Twenty dollars for a beer?
37) 16) dialog: What am I going to do, I'm thirsty. (throws a 20 on the bar Pour the beer. The Bartender produces a dixie cup, and a can of Budweise She pops the top and fills the cup, leaving half of the b inside the can. She then offers only the cup to Bill.
37) 17) dialog: (pointing to the can I don't get that? The Bartender slowly shakes her head, no. He lifts the dixie cup to his lips, and says;
37) 18) dialog: Cheers. Bill approaches the table with his dixie cup of beer. L.F. Gentlemen, let's see if the new kid in school wants to play right away (to Bill) How bout it new kid, you wanna handle my bones, or do you just like to watch? Dropping his money roll on the table... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 93 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
37) 19) dialog: I came to play. Color L.F. impressed. L.F. Boys take a look at this man, he's what Webster's calls, a gambler. The dice belong to you, sir. With her table stick, she pushes the dice to Bill. He tak them and inspects them. L.F. I hope you're not implying anything, friend?
37) 20) dialog: (as he inspects dice I'm not implying anything. Alburt starts to move from his position by the door.
37) 22) dialog: You looked me over when I stood in your doorway. I'm looking you over as I step up to your table. If I don't know, I don't throw. L.F. Are you satisfied?
37) 23) dialog: More or less. LF. I think we're getting into a antagonistic relationship. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 94 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
37) 24) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were trying to take my money, and I was trying to take yours. L.F. It's just a game. Bill throws ten thousand dollars on the table, the room reacts.
37) 25) dialog: If you're game, take my bet sportsman. Covered. Bill smiles as he rolls the dice in his hand, then throws...7...The room reacts...L.F. smiles and pushes the money and the dice back to Bill with her stick. He picks his winnings, tosses them back on the table, and says
37) 26) dialog: Shoot it all. The room reacts. Covered. He holds the dice in his fist...and throws...
37) 30) dialog: Shoot it all. Covered. He shoots again, he wins again... L.F. MOVES THE MONEY in front of him. Bill picks up the stack of moola...L.F. Stands behind her table, stick in her hand, eyes on her opponent. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 95 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am In the midst of this silence, his beeper goes off. His ey go to it. It reads; ELLE DRIVER. He raises his eyes from the beeper to L.F., casually toss the green on the felt and says; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
37) 31) dialog: Shoot it all. L.F. Pretty lucky tonight, huh?
37) 32) dialog: Play a game of luck long enough you're bound to meet some lucky people. LF. You know we've never been properly introduced, I'm L.F. O'Boyle.
37) 33) dialog: And I'm not interested. L.F. No, you're rude. Why so rude rude boy, I'm only trying to be friendly.
37) 34) dialog: I didn't come here to make friends I came here to shoot a little crap. But then your boy over there hits me up for a two hundred dollar privilege to play fee -- L.F. -- That's a membership fee, good for --
37) 35) dialog: -- You and nobody else. You sell at the bar a half can of warm piss, at twenty bucks a shot. How much did the six-pack cost you? 5.60, 5.65? You're greedy O'Boyle. You're just too Goddamn greedy. You know what I like to do when I meet greedy people? Take every fuckin thing Page 96 of 185, Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am they got. Leave em with nothing. L.F. So that's your game, you want to teach me a lesson?
37) 36) dialog: I wanna burn you down. When I'm through with you, you won't have a pot to piss, or a window to throw it out of. You'll thumb a ride out of L.A. wearing a barrel. L.F. I could always save myself this horrible fate by not taking your bet.
37) 37) dialog: To be replaced by a different fate. The embarrassing truth that you run a gutless game. I won't forget it. I'm sure these gentlemen won't forget it. I'm sure they'll tell people who won't forget it. And we won't come back. If we don't come back, you won't get our money. Couple of weeks, you won't have a game. L.F. You got a big mouth, lucky boy. And the idea of taking everything you've won away, and sending you out the door with nothing but a red face, is so appealing to me, that I will take your bet. But..... not with those dice.
37) 38) dialog: Oooohhh, that's.... L.F. The house's perogative and you know it. She holds out her palm and two new pair of dice (black) a placed in her hand by one of her bodyguards. She sets the dice on the table, and moves them in front of Bill with h stick. Bill looks down at them. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 97 of Kill Bill L.F. Maybe you would like to change your bet?
37) 39) dialog: Yes I would..... Shoot it all..... Against myself. His hand scoops the dice off the table. He catches the young lady by surprise. What?
37) 40) dialog: Did I stutter, I'm changing my bet I'm betting I don't make it. From the door Alburt says;
37) 42) dialog: Oh yes I can. It's the shooter's perogative, and she knows it. Covered. He throws.... eee e eect eee eee BOXCARS. The spectators go apeshit. Bill scoops up his money and looks to the lady who's game just busted.
37) 43) dialog: Can I use your phone? L.F. Sure it's next to the bed.
38) 0) text: Bill sits on the bed talking with Elle Driver on the phon http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am Page 98 of 185 Kill Bill In the b.g. L.F. is throwing everybody out. L.F. Game's over, get out! Get the fuck out! No more tonight, go home....
38) 1) dialog: (into phone) Vernita's dead? When? (pause) What about her family? (pause) Nice to see Kiddo hasn't gone completely apeshit. No idea where she is? (pause) Okay that did it, we're going to Texas and talk sense into Budd before (BLEEP) makes him number three. He looks over and L.F. is sitting on the floor of All the players have left, only L.F. and her five tuxedo remain.
38) 2) dialog: We're going to have a talk about this later. (pause) Well, I'm not exactly among friends at the moment. (pause...he laughs I'll keep that in mind, bye bye. He hangs up. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
38) 3) dialog: Got a nose problem? L.F. I said you could use my phone. I didn't say I wouldn't listen.
38) 4) dialog: This is true. L.F. You didn't burn me down you know?
38) 5) dialog: the bed. 08/10/03 11:20 am Page 99 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am Course not. First rule of any house, ya gotta have LUCKY GUY comes in and wipes the place out insurance. L.F. If there weren't losers it wouldn't be a game. Standing up, folding his winnings into his inside jacket pocket, looking at L.F. and her boys, he says
38) 6) dialog: I sincerely hope you mean that. Without another word he exits the hotel room. Nobody makes a move to stop him. L.F. O'Boyle and her henchmen stand still as they wait fo the sound of the elevator in the hall The Bride's Voice comes on the soundtrack;
39) 0) text: The Five tuxedo-clad bodyguards hit the hallway, only to see....BILL, with his Hanzo sword unsheathed, standing at end. This wasn't expected, they unsheath their swords. He Charges at them. In the hotel's hallway, Bill cuts through the five men. H mastery of the Hanzo sword in his hand is peerless. He cu through the first four rather quickly. The fifth one, Alb is the most skilled, but he too falls under the master's blade.
40) 0) text: L.F. O'Boyle hides in her room, holding a gun, pointed at front door. She sits in bushwhack mode, waiting for Bill, or anybody that matter, to step through the doorway. WHEN... The window her back is up against SHATTERS, and a black gloved hand reaches inside and GRABS her by her hair, and YANKS her out the window.
41) 0) text: Bill on the ledge of the hotel window (the 26th floor) outside L.F. O'Boyle's room. He's yanked her outside and he's dangling her over the si by her hair.
41) 1) dialog: Do you know a Jessica? L.F. Is too hysterical to answer.
41) 2) dialog: Well, she knows you. He drops her...... eee eee eee SHE FALLS.... eee ee ee ee ee eee eee eee SHE SPLATS. Bill watches her all the way down. When he's confident he fall was fatal, he leaves the ledge. FADE TO BLACK.
42) 0) text: A small camper trailer sits all by its lonesome in the mi of a barren Texas wasteland. A SUBTITLE APPEARS under this image; "The city of Austin Texas." A fist knocks on the trailer door. It opens, revealing Bill's brother, BUDD. Not the Slick Willie Budd with the black suit and the silver-tipped bla cowboy boots we saw earlier at the wedding chapel massacr No, the Budd we see now is the Budd who climbed into a bo five years ago, got himself comfortable, and decided to l there. Bill, looking like a cool million, stands out in the dirt dust of Budd's lot of land, looking up at his brother in natural habitat. In the B.G. we can see Elle Driver loung in the passenger's seat. Budd, surprised by the visitor, says;
42) 2) dialog: How ya doin’ Budd?
42) 5) dialog: It's Elle. Want to say hello? hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 102 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
43) 2) dialog: Are you not going to invite me in?
43) 4) dialog: May I ask why not?
43) 8) dialog: No. There wasn't really eighty eight of them, they just called themselves The Crazy 88.
43) 10) dialog: I dunno, I guess they thought it sounded cool. Anyhow, she had about hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 103 of Kill Bill 26 or 27 around her when (BLEEP attacked. They all fell under her Hanzo sword. The mention of a Hattori Hanzo sword gets B
43) 12) text: Bill nods his head, "yes.
43) 13) dialog: She has a Hanzo Jingi sword.
43) 15) dialog: It would appear he's broken it. Budd doesn't say anything at first...THEN;
43) 17) dialog: (pause) I know this is a ridiculous question before I ask, but you by any chance haven't kept up with your swordplay?
43) 19) dialog: You pawned a Hattori Hanzo sword?
43) 21) dialog: It was priceless.
43) 23) dialog: Since it was a gift from me, why didn't you offer me the chance to buy it back?
43) 25) dialog: - Budd, you need to listen to me. I know we haven't spoken for quite some time, and the last time we spoke wasn't the most pleasant. But you need to get over being mad at me, and start becoming afraid of Bea. Because she is coming, and she's coming to kill you. And unless you accept my assistance, I have no doubt she will succeed.
43) 26) text: Budd sees Bill's true concern for his welfare. Bill tries to charm his brother.
43) 27) dialog: Can't we forget the past, and look at the happy side of all this? Budd chuckles.
43) 29) dialog: Page 105 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am She's brought "the boys" back together. Budd is touched by Bill's concern and chuckles to himself
49) 0) text: Budd pulls his pickup truck in front of his small camper home. He walks inside, shutting the door behind him. The Bride rolls to a stop...O0bserving the lonely trailer of her windshield... Texas tear-ass music begins coming out of the camper....W see his figure pass the camper window, once or twice. The Bride chooses her weapon -- Hattori Hanzo's samurai sword. She doesn't say anything, nor will an actress of Uma Thurman's caliber indicate her feelings, but the astute member of the audience will read the significance of her choice. His current status be damned, the Budd who owes T Bride satisfaction was a warrior. And it's that Budd she intends to send to his maker. She takes a black stocking cap, and slips it on top of he skull, tucking her blonde hair underneath... THEN... ...Rubs black make-up under both eyes, on top of both eyelids, and down the bridge of her nose... THEN... Disconnects the cab lights above her, opens the truck doo and slips out unseen into the Austin Texas night air. THEN... On her belly, Hattori Hanzo sword in sheath in hand, she crawls across the desert floor towards Budd's trailer. THEN... Somewhere in the vast outdoors a cat jumps on a rat. Thei fight makes a LOUD racket. The Bride stops and buries her face in the dirt. From inside the trailer, we hear the needle being lifted the phonograph. From a distance we see: The shadowy figure of Budd lookin out the window of the camper. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 108 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am The Bride keeps her face in the dirt. The figure of Budd at the window, seems to dismiss the so he heard for what it was -- a rat meeting its end at the claws of a cat. The curtain closes again. The needle is placed back on the phonograph. CU The BRIDE face in the dirt...One Mississippi...Two Mississippi...he eyes look up towards the trailer...All's clear...She begi crawling towards the trailer again. ...She's now right outside the trailer home...We can hear sound of Budd sitting in a chair rocking back and forth. She hears the sound of a screw top unscrewed...The sound pouring in a glass...The sound of a glass being laid heav a table. Crouched low on the balls of her feet, she, with great ca slowly and silently unsheathes her Hanzo sword. Through the bottom slit in the door, she sees the distort image of Budd's feet on the floor. She slowly rises...removes her black stocking cap...blond hair falls around her shoulders...sword in right hand...l hand grabs the front doorknob... QUICK as a Texas lizard on glass -- She brings the sword' handle down hard on the door lock -- EX CU Cheap Lock Busting. She flings the front door open... The BRIDE'S POV: Brother Budd sitting calmly in a rocking chair, moving ba and forth to the Texas twang on his turntable, cradling a DOUBLE-BARREL SHOTGUN aimed right at The Bride.
49) 2) text: The Bride laid out in the dirt below him -- Sword separat from her grasp -- Bloody mess down her front -- Groan fro her throat. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 109 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am Budd steps down from the trailer onto the dirt, standing The Bride.
53) 0) text: EX CU HER FINGERS turn on the flashlight. CU The BRIDE LIT by the flashlight beam.. BAM... ..a shovel of dirt has just landed hard on the lid, makin The Bride jump... BAM... ...More dirt. She reacts again. BAM... The dirt just keeps falling, the bams becoming softer wit each new shovelful. The Bride is starting to perspire...her breathing becomin more rapid and panicked...her heartbeat begins to echo in the pine box. We've never seen her like this before. She's starting to lose it...She lets out a SCREAM...She SCREAMS again...Her bound-at-the-wrist hands move to the lid...She pounds on it...Her bound feet kick up at it...S starts to cry...She's getting hysterical...Her fingers be clawing at the wood lid... TILL... They're ripped open and bleeding... Leaving Blood Trails on the wood. TILL... She exhausts herself. All this while, she's been screamin http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 117 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am the words we can't even imagine coming out of her mouth;
57) 2) dialog: Once upon a time in China, some believe around the year, one-double knot-three. As Bill tells this story, it will be illustrated On Scree footage from Old Shaw Brothers Martial arts flicks of the 70's. Especially Films that feature Chinese Actor LO LIEH the old, white-haired, white-eyebrowed Villian "PAI MEI." http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 119 of Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am
57) 3) dialog: ...head priest of The White Lotus Clan, Pai Mei, was walking down the road, contemplating whatever a man with Pai Mei's infinite power would contemplate -- Which is another way of saying, who knows. When, a Shaolin monk appeared on the road traveling in the opposite direction. As the monk and the priest crossed paths...Pai Mei -- in a practically unfathomable display of generosity, gave the monk the slightest of nods. The nod, was not returned. Was it the intention of the Shaolin monk to insult Pai Mei? Or, did he just fail to see the generous social gesture? The motives of the monk, remain, unknown. What is known, were the consequences. The next morning Pai Mei appeared at the Shaolin Temple, and demanded that the temple's head Abbot offer Pai Mei his neck, to repay the insult. The Abbot, at first, tried to console Pai Mei, only to find, Pai Mei was inconsolable. So began, the massacre of the Shaolin Temple, and all sixty of the monks inside, at the fists of the White Lotus. And so began, the legend of Pai Mei's Ten-Point Palm - Exploding Heart Technique.
57) 5) dialog: Quite simply, the deadliest blow in all of the martial arts. He hits you with his fingertips, at ten different pressure points on your body. And then, he lets you walk away. But once you've taken five steps, your heart explodes inside your body, and you fall to the floor dead. We see on screen Pai Mei demonstrate this technique on fi shaolin monks. Who after being hit...take five steps...th fall to the floor dead.
57) 6) text: Bill and The Bride, years earlier, driving in a jeep thro Page 120 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am the mountains of China, enroute to PAI MEI's
57) 8) dialog: No. He teaches no one the ten-point palm - exploding heart technique. But he is Nietzsche's psalm personified. If Pai Mei doesn't kill you, he will make you stronger. Now one of the things I always liked about you, Kiddo, is you appear wise beyond your years. Then allow me to impart, a word to the wise. Whatever - WHAT - EVER - Pai Mei says, Obey. If you flash him - even for an instant - a defiant eye, he'll pluck it out. And if you throw any American sass his way, he will snap your back and your neck like they were twigs, and that will be the story of you.
58) 0) text: The Bride sits in the jeep, by herself, parked in front o the Priest Pai Mei's home located high up on top of White Lotus Mountain. For over 100 years, his home used to be the temple of the White Lotus Clan, and he was the temple's head priest. Th temple served as a home to over 60 priests and disciples. now - the year 1990 - the White Lotus Clan is no more. Al the priests have died. All that remains, is a very old ma who once upon a time, some worshipped as a god and some feared as a devil...neither was wrong. A huge stone staircase of one hundred steps climb up a hi leading to Pei Mei's home. Bill climbs down to the jeep.
58) 1) dialog: He'll accept you as his student.
58) 3) dialog: More like a sadistic one. She climbs out, and gets her bag out of the back Bill casts a glance at the stone steps he just decended. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 121 of Kill Bill ZOOM...
58) 4) dialog: Just seeing those steps again makes me ache. You're gonna have plenty of fun carrying buckets of water up and down that fucker.
58) 6) dialog: Because he's a very very very old man. And like all rotten bastards, when they get old, they become lonely. Not that that has any effect on their disposition. But they do learn the value of company.
58) 8) dialog: That's the title of my favorite soul song of the Seventies.
58) 10) dialog: Nothing. When he tells me you're done.
58) 12) dialog: That my dearest, all depends on you. Now remember, no backtalk, no sarcasm. Least not for the first year You're going to have to let him warm up for you. He hates Caucasians, despises Americans, and has nothing but contempt for women, so in your case, that may take a little while. Adios. The jeep speeds off down the road...leaving the alone, http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm somewhere in the middle of China. Bride all 08/10/03 11:20 am Page 122 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am She begins the journey before her by ascending the 100 st to Pai Mei.
65) 0) text: A SHOT straight out of an Italian horror film. We see the tombstone of "PAULA SCHULTZ," and the mound of dirt over grave. WHEN... The Bride's hand breaks the surface...then like one of Fulci's Zombies, Claws, Digs, and Pulls herself from moth earth's womb. Once extracted from her (almost) final resting place, she rolls over on her back, exhausted. She drinks in the nigh air as if it were gulps of water. DIRT is in, on, and under every crack, crevice, and wrink on her body. SHE looks like a beautiful sculpture, made out of dirt. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 137 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
68) 0) text: Budd and Elle in the tiny kitchen of Budd's tiny camper. sits a the kitchen table, a black suitcase by her feet. B stands at a blender making them both breakfast margaritas hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 138 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am he finishes telling the tale of last night.
70) 0) text: As she walks through the door, Budd's dead, swollen body greets her. As does her serpent namesake, dead on the flo from decapitation. She begins searching the camper, quickly, for something i particular. We don't have the slightest clue what it coul be. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 145 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
72) 0) text: Bill on the patio of his beautiful hacienda home (named V Quatro) located on the beach in Mexico. At the moment Bil partaking of his current hobby...... Flower Arranging. With his hands among various flowers of BRIGHT COLORS, he sorts and prunes a very pretty arrangement. EX CU the BRIDE'S EYE ...-watching.... Bill's Mexican housekeeper, JOSEPHINA, appears on the pat
72) 2) dialog: (finishing up) Yes, I got to go and meet the Duchess. (referring to the flowers) Do you like it?
72) 4) dialog: Why don't you put it on the dinner table, so we can enjoy it tonight.
72) 6) dialog: Oh and Josephina, take the hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 151 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am remaining flowers and spread them around the house, if you would.
72) 8) dialog: You know I just had a great idea. Take the roses, and spread the petals on the bed I just got for her. That'd be a nice thing to come home to, wouldn't it, a bed of roses.
72) 10) dialog: You wouldn't mind doing that for me, would you Josephina?
72) 13) dialog: Get the fuck off the car, Lucy, Lucy, down!
72) 16) dialog: driving his convertible as the beach WHIZZES by in the background. The Bride's eye. Dirt Road, lined by greener than green trees, the Porsche kicks up dirt ZOOMING down it.
72) 17) dialog: driving as the Spanish love song plays. The Bride's eye. A striking but antiseptic-looking INSTITUTION of some sor surrounded by the beautiful foliage of Mexico. Bill's sil Porsche drives up its driveway. The Bride's eye.
73) 0) text: The institution is not Spanish in style, but on the contr it's a clinical new-age box-like structure made up of cle glass doors and walls and the color beige. Bill walks through the glass doors, to a lone Asian FEMAL RECEPTIONIST, her desk is the only furniture in the lobby JAPANESE he explains to her his reason for being there. EX CU The BRIDE'S EYE ..watching...we now leave any shot of Bill not from the Bride's perspective. The SUSPENSE THEME is STRETCHED TIGH and TIGHTER as we look through the Bride's POV and listen her VO;
73) 2) text: looking through the Institution's glass wall. The elevato the lobby opens...and A LITTLE GIRL steps out, and runs i Bill's arms. A LITTLE GIRL about five years old. A FIVE-Y OLD LITTLE GIRL with blonde hair. Bill picks up the Littl Girl and lifts her HEAD into the CROSSHAIRS of the SCOPE SIGHT. SUSPENSE THEME SNAPS into an OPERATIC WAIL... EX CU: The Bride's finger, pops off the trigger EX CU: The Bride's eye, A HUGE TEAR FALLS OUT...We move o of the eyeball, into a MEDIUM CU of The Bride, tears fall down her face...She can't believe what she's looking at...that's her daughter...She's alive... Her REMEMBERING THEME PLAYS...
75) 0) text: Bill behind the wheel, his little girl asleep in the passenger seat. He sees something ahead. A convertible Volkswagen Karman Ghia enters the road head in the opposite direction. It's a long long long way off, it will get closer every second. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 154 of Bill senses something about this automobile, and throws glance at his sleeping child. His cell phone RINGS, he answers it.
75) 1) dialog: Hola.
76) 0) text: The Bride behind the wheel of the convertible, blonde hair whipping in the wind, talks to Bill for the time in five years and six months.
76) 2) dialog: Kiddo, is that really you?
76) 4) dialog: I hear you were driving a truck?
76) 6) dialog: Oh, you mean the little tow head next to me, who looks extraordinarily like you?
76) 8) dialog: Her name is B.B. first The Bride gets choked up again, emotion betrays her voice
76) 10) dialog: Yes. Do you approve? She wipes her eyes. Her hand moves under her shirt fingertips rest on scar.
76) 12) dialog: Not now, she's in dream land.
76) 14) dialog: What do you mean by that?
76) 16) dialog: Don't ask how old she is, ask, if she's five.
76) 18) dialog: Aren't mothers like God, aren't you supposed to automatically know?
76) 20) dialog: Have dinner with us at my hacienda tonight. She's expecting you.
76) 23) dialog: I knew you were on your way, so I told B.B. Her mommy was coming to see her.
76) 25) dialog: That you were sick, that you were asleep, but one day you'd wake up and come back to her. And she asked me, "If Mommy's been asleep since I was born, how will she know what I look like?" To which I replied, "Because Mommy's been dreaming of you." And she said, "Then I'm gonna start dreaming of her." So I gave her a picture of you --
76) 28) dialog: The one I took of you in Paris sitting on the steps with the baguette in your hand. Since she was one and a half years old, she's slept with that picture of you next to her bed. PHOTO DISSOLVES OVER The Bride's face, then AWAY.
76) 30) dialog: And she's seen them. But the one she wants looking after her while she sleeps is the one of you holding bread. (pause) We normally have dinner around seven, is that convenient?
76) 33) dialog: Well, it just so happens, my hacienda comes with its very own private beach. And my private beach, just so happens to look particularly beautiful bathed in moonlight. And there just so happens to be a full moon out tonight. So, swordfighter, if you want to sword fight, that's where I suggest. But if you wanna be old school about it - then we can wait till dawn, and slice each other up at sunrise, like a couple real life honest to goodness samurais. As per usual Kiddo, I'll leave the big decisions up to you. The cars will soon pass... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
76) 35) dialog: Anything.
76) 38) dialog: Wear something nice tonight?
76) 40) dialog: Will I like it?
76) 42) dialog: I'll dress up too. His foot moves off the gas, slowing the car; her foot doe the same. The cars in SLOW MOTION start to pass. The Bride looks into the other car. We ZOOM past Bill to the little girl in the passenger sea We go ONE FRAME AT A TIME till the car moves past us, to holding a pistol with a large silencer pointing right at face. He FIRES. It emits only a tiny PHOOF. The Bride throws herself across the passenger seat as the driver's side window EXPLODES over her head. The two cars pass each other. The Bride straightens herself in the driver's seat. She l in the rearview as Bill and her daughter drive away. Grab the cell phone she screams in it;
76) 44) dialog: Now you just wait one second there little missy. Unless I'm confused, we are trying to kill each other aren't we? Now I wasn't planning on taking a shot at you in front of the squirt, but, she is asleep. And if you're gonna forget everything I ever taught you, and gawk like you ain't got good sense, I'm gonna take a shot, am I not?
76) 46) dialog: Of course not. She's like you that way I look forward to this evening. It was great speaking with you, Bea. He hangs up.
77) 0) text: Hattori Hanzo lies sleeping on his mat... WHEN... hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 159 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am His phone wakes him up in the middle of the night...He hurriedly answers it.
80) 8) dialog: (loudly) Bang Bang! Then he suddenly clutches his abdomen like he's just been shot.
80) 9) dialog: Oh B.B., Mommy got us. B.B. lowers her gun and plays out a big dying scene along her dad...Bill falls to the floor.
80) 10) dialog: Oh, I'm dying...I'm dying... B.B. parrots this. B.B. Oh, I'm dying...I'm dying... Bill on the floor, says up to his little girl; hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 162 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
80) 11) dialog: Fall down sweetheart, Mommy shot you. The little girl falls down pretend dead. The Bride, still absentmindedly pointing her weapon at th is truly thrown. Bill delivers his lines from the floor, spoken like a dyi breath;
80) 12) dialog: You did it Quick Draw Kiddo. You are-the fastest. And with these last words, pretends to die. But then while pretending to be dead, he speaks in a dram narrator's voice.
80) 13) dialog: But...little did Quick Draw Kiddo know,...that five-year-old B.B. Gunn was only playing possum, due to the fact she was impervious to bullets. B.B. raises her head off the floor and says; B.B. (to Mommy) I'm impervious to bullets, Mommy.
80) 14) dialog: (to B.B.) Hey, get back down there, you're playing possum. The little girl's head drops back down. Bill continues his dramatic narration;
80) 15) dialog: So, as the smirking killer approached, what she thought, was a bullet-ridden corpse,...that's when the little B.B. Gunn fired. B.B. springs up holding her tiny orange squirt gun and sa B.B. Bang bang! hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 163 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am The Bride continues watching in gobsmackery. Bill raises his head off the floor, and says to her in hi normal voice;
80) 16) dialog: Mommy, you're dead - so die. The Bride shakes off her confusion, and acts out a big de scene fo her little girl.
80) 22) dialog: When I showed you Mommy's picture, tell Mommy what you said. The little girl gets shy.
80) 23) dialog: C'mon shy girl, you know what you said, tell Mommy, it'll make her fell good. As she strokes her long blonde hair, little B.B. says; B.B. I said - I said - You're the most beautiful woman I ever saw in the whole white world.
80) 24) dialog: That's the truth. That's what she said. B.B. points to Manny's blood, which splashed a little on Bride's wedding gown. B.B. What's that?
80) 28) dialog: Do you not like it, or do you not know what it is? Parroting Bill; B.B. I do not know what it is.
80) 30) dialog: Speaking of fixing and drinking and eating, I think it's dinner time don't you? B.B. does an exaggerated nod, yes.
80) 31) dialog: (to Mommy) When you were doin all that fancy shootin, you didn't happen to shoot a nice Mexican woman about forty five years old, did ya?
80) 33) dialog: (wiping imaginary sweat off his brow) Whew, then dinner should be done. (shouting to the other room) Josephina! You can come out now, we're ready for dinner.
80) 35) dialog: Want to go on top of the world? She says excitedly; Yeah! He scoops the little girl up, puts her on his shoulders, as the mommy and the daddy and their little girl walk thr the house towards the dinner table, Bill and B.B. Sing Th Carpenter's song, “Top Of The World." It's obviously one their songs.
81) 0) text: The dining room of Bill's house. The family, mother fathe and daughter, sit at the dinner table eating.
81) 1) dialog: B.B., don't you think Mommy has the prettiest hair in the whole wide world? Yes I do.
81) 2) dialog: In fact it's better than pretty. What's better than pretty? B.B. Gorgeous.
81) 3) dialog: Very good, gorgeous. Mommy is gorgeous. The Bride shows no sign of thawing around Bill
81) 4) dialog: You know baby, Mommy's kinda mad at Daddy. B.B. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 167 of Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am Why? Where you a bad daddy?
81) 5) dialog: I'm afraid I was. I was a real bad daddy. (to Mommy) Our little girl learned about life and death the other day. (to B.B.) You want to tell Mommy about what happened to Emilio? B.B. I killed him. I didn't mean to, but I stepped on him and he stopped moving.
81) 6) dialog: Emilio was her goldfish. She came running into my room holding the fish in her hand, crying, "Daddy daddy, Emilio's dead." And I said, “Really, that's so sad. How did he die?" And what did you say? B.B. I stepped on him.
81) 7) dialog: Actually young lady, the words you so strategically used were, "I accidentally stepped on him." Right? Yeah.
81) 8) dialog: To which I queried, "And just how did your foot accidentally find its way into Emilio's fishbowl?" And she told me no no no, Emilio was on the carpet when she stepped on him. (beat) Hummmmmm, the plot thickens. And just how did Emilio get on the carpet? And Mommy, you would have been real proud of her, because she didn't lie. She said she took Emilio out of his bowl, and put him on the carpet. And what was Emilio doing on the carpet, baby? Page 168 of 185 Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm B.B. He was -- flapping.
81) 9) dialog: And then you stomped on him? Uh-huh.
81) 10) dialog: And when you lifted your foot up, what was Emilio doing then? Nothing.
81) 11) dialog: He stopped flapping, didn't he? Uh-huh.
81) 12) dialog: And you knew what that meant didn't you? Uh-huh.
81) 13) dialog: What did that mean? B.B. He was dead.
81) 14) dialog: (to Mommy) She told me later, that the second she lifted up her foot and saw him not flapping, she knew he was dead. Is that not the perfect visual image of life and death? A fish flapping on the carpet, and a fish not flapping on the carpet. So 08/10/03 11:20 am Page 169 of 185 Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am powerful even a five-year old child with no concept of life and death knew what it meant. Not only did she know Emilio was dead, she knew she had killed him. So she comes running into my room, holding Emilio in both of her little hands - it was so cute - and she wanted me to make Emilio better. And I asked her, why did she step on Emilio? And she said, she didn't know. But I knew why. You didn't mean to hurt Emilio, you just wanted to see what would happen if you stepped on him, right? Uh-huh.
81) 15) dialog: And what happens when you stomp on Emilio, is you kill him. And you discovered that, didn't you? Uh-huh.
81) 16) dialog: So we drove down to the beach, had a little funeral, and gave Emilio a burial at sea. And right now I'm sure he's happy as can be, swimmin around in fish heaven. But the point being, our child learned two very important lessons One, about life and death. The other, somethings once you do, they can't be undone. I knew just how she felt (to B.B.) You loved Emilio, didn't you? Uh-huh.
81) 17) dialog: Well sweety, I love Mommy, but I did to Mommy what you did to Emilio. B.B. You stomped on Mommy? Page 170 of 185 Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am
81) 18) dialog: Worse. (making his finger a gun I shot Mommy. Not pretend shoot like we were just doing. I shot her for real. Why?
81) 19) dialog: I don't know. B.B. Did you want to see what would happen?
81) 20) dialog: No, I knew what would happen to Mommy if I shot her. What I didn't know, is when I shot Mommy, what would happen to me. B.B. What happened?
81) 21) dialog: I was very sad. And that was when I learned, somethings once you do, they can never be undone. B.B. What happened to Mommy?
81) 22) dialog: Why don't you ask Mommy B.B. Are you okay Mommy. Does it hurt?
81) 23) dialog: No sweety, it doesn't hurt anymore. Page 171 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am Did it make you sick?
82) 0) text: Bill sits on the steps of his porch in the back of the ho drinking a glass of red wine. The steps lead to the beach the sea. Beatrix steps out onto the porch, and sits down on the st across from him. Between them the dawn sky breaks.
82) 1) dialog: Did she go to sleep easy?
82) 3) dialog: Well, if she doesn't like you, you got to kill her to say hello. But if she likes you, you can't shut her up. She's a chip off the ole blonde in that regards. He holds up the bottle of vino.
82) 4) dialog: Red wine? She shakes her blonde head, no.
82) 5) dialog: C'mon, Bea, you're a whole lot more fun with a couple glasses of wine in ya. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 172 of Kill Bill She gives him a look.
82) 6) dialog: (pointing towards the beach) We're going to go out there and have at it, aren't we? She shakes her blonde head, yes. She holds She gives http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
82) 7) dialog: Well, I've already had a glass. So unless you want to win by an unfair advantage, you should have a glass of wine. So we're both on the same footing wine wise. out the empty glass, and he fills it
82) 8) dialog: You know, there's an old man down here, his name is Esteban Viharo. He was a pimp. I knew him when I was a child. He was a friend of my mother's. I told him about you. When I showed him your picture he smiles and said; (imitating his accent) "Yesss, I see the attraction." He told me a story about taking me to the movies when I was five. It was a movie which had Lana Turner in it. And whenever she would appear on screen, he said I would stick my thumb in my mouth and suck it, to an obscure amount. And he knew right then, this boy will be a fool for blondes.
82) 10) dialog: Well not you, that's for damn sure. him another look.
82) 12) dialog: No we mustn't. But if you're going to say sentences like that, in the future, I will resist the temptation.
82) 14) dialog: I sent you to L.A. and you never came back. I thought you'd been killed. Do you know how cruel it is to make someone think someone they love is dead? I mourned you. Then in the third month of my mourning, I track you down. I wasn't trying to track you down, I was trying to track down - the fucking assholes - who I thought killed you. And when I find you, what to I find? Not only are you not dead, you're getting married - to some fuckin jerk - and you're pregnant? How do you expect me to react?
82) 16) dialog: Why did you leave in the first place? You have cold eyes towards me now. I understand their temperature, but they were warm the second to the last time I saw them, or was that just my imagination?
82) 19) dialog: You are you talking in Japanese? explodes;
82) 21) dialog: You're right, I'm wrong, continue.
82) 23) dialog: But you never did.
82) 25) dialog: My apologies, please continue.
82) 46) dialog: Yes. But why tell me now, and not then?
82) 48) dialog: Fuck who?
82) 50) dialog: That's not your decision to make.
82) 53) dialog: I'm sorry was that a question? Of impossible things that could never happen - yes in this instance you would have been wrong. listens stoney, then;
82) 55) dialog: Well what?
82) 57) dialog: I already have. When I told you the story of when I thought you were dead. Didn't you get how badly I felt?
82) 59) dialog: Well if that's too cryptic let's get literal. (beat) There are consequences to breaking the heart of a murdering bastard. You experienced some of them. That's his explanation. She hears it. They both understand one another. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
82) 61) dialog: Baby, you ain't kidding. They both laugh.
82) 62) dialog: You know how proud I am of you, don't you?
82) 64) dialog: You know I was rooting for you, don't you?
82) 66) dialog: You know on that beach out there I want you to be the victor? She nods her head, yes.
82) 67) dialog: You also know you're going to have to defeat me. I can't just give it to you, even though I want to.
82) 69) dialog: Well, as they say in Missouri, show me.
83) 0) text: As the blue waves of the Gulf of Mexico crash on the beac The Bride in her bridal gown, and Bill, his tuxedo jacket off, face each other in a combat stance. The BRIDE Breeze blowing her blonde hair, holding her Hanzo sword i its sheath. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 181 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
83) 1) dialog: stares across the sand to the figure of the Bride, his student, facing him at sunrise with a weapon he taught he use. This is where all who teach combat artistry may end Facing a Frankenstein monster of their own creation. He removes his Hanzo sword from its sheath with GREAT FLOURI
83) 3) text: The two combatants...quite far from each other...they int to charge/attack...stand in showdown stance. The BRIDE The VENGEANCE THEME EXPLODES ON THE SOUNDTRACK. She takes her combat stance. But what she doesn't do is remove her sword from its wood sheath. The fist of her le hand is wrapped around the wood sheath's center. Her righ empty hand, raises and makes a beckoning gesture to Bill Then with a face completely devoid of emotion, says in Japanese;
83) 5) dialog: (to himself That's my girl. He screams a samurai scream...and charges her
83) 8) text: Using only her left arm, with the sheathed Hanzo sword in grip, she blocks all of his blows, right arm unmoving dow her side...sort of like Pai Mei did to her earlier...his sword and her sheath lock together...they're close to eac other, she brings up her right arm, sticks out two finger and hits Bill on ten different pressure points on his bod Then hits him straight on in the heart with her palm. His body jolts, like he's just had a heart attack...he coughs a little blood...he looks at her. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 182 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am Their faces are very close... The face of the cold ice woman Ninja, melts away before o eyes, and the face of Beatrix Kiddo is filled once again compassion.
83) 9) dialog: He taught you the ten point palm exploding heart technique?
83) 11) dialog: Why didn't you tell me? She doesn't have an answer. She looks at him apologetically;
83) 13) dialog: No. You're not a bad person. You're a terrific person. You're my favorite person. But every once in awhile...you can be a real cunt. They smile at each other. Then... Bill turns his back to her... And walks five steps in the opposite direction...with eac step his heart swells, on the fifth... It BURSTS...WE HEAR A SOUND, like of a tire blowout... He falls to the beach...dead. The Bride walks over to his body. She unsheaths her Hanzo sword. Blood lies in a pool, by Bill's mouth. She dips the tip of the blade in the blood, leaving the tiniest of crimson smudges She then removes the Bill handkerchief, and wipes Bill's blood from off the blade onto the white cloth. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 183 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am She lets the Bill handkerchief drop onto his body. The Jingi sword Hattori Hanzo created, just for her, for purpose, has come to the end of its journey. Beatrix, in a moment of enormous generosity, allows herse one final tear, shed for her corrupter, her enemy, the fa of her child,...her MAN. The tear is for her as well. For she's very aware she will never ever be completely any ot man's WOMAN. EX CU The Hanzo BLADE slowly sliding into the wood sheath EX CU the single teardrop, sliding down her cheek The blade disappears inside the sheath. The teardrop falls of her chin. Her journey, her revenge, her victory, her unfinished business, is completed. The Bride exits the beach. Bill doesn't.
84) 0) text: The Bride is on the floor of the motel room bathroom, cry her eyes out. She shoves a towel in her mouth so B.B. won't hear her. We wonder for a moment what's wrong... Till we see her face in CU... Her tears are tears of joy. She can't believe this is even happening. Her daughter is alive. They're together. They get to begi again. She covers her mouth so B.B. won't hear her crying and ge worried or confused. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 184 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am But as the deadliest woman on the planet, lies on the mot room bathroom floor, smile on her face, twinkle in her ey happier than she's ever been, she thinks one thought. Ove and over again.... Thank you god...thank you god...thank you god...thank you god. She washes her face in the sink, when she's presentable, walks out of the bathroom, jumps on the bed with her baby hugs her from behind as the two watch Saturday morning cartoons.