5) 0) text: The rain pisses down in buckets in front of the hospital. WHEN... The wheel to an Alfa Romeo rolls into FRAME and stops. The car door opens and two yellow galoshes step out into wet night.
13) 26) dialog: Well, ain't you the slice of cutie pie they all said you wuz. Well Ma'am, I'm from Longview Texas, my name's Buck, and I'm here to fuck He starts to unbuckle his belt. WE ZOOM OUT OF HER EYES INTO A CU. The REMEMBERING THEME OFF. She looks down at Buck and says;
14) 0) text: The elevator doors to the hospital's underground parking open, revealing The Bride in Buck's orderly scrubs in a wheelchair. She wheels out of the elevator fast into the parking lot. arms spinning the wheels as she goes down the line of car looking for a pickup truck that Buck would own...she stop What made The Bride stop. The ass end of a big, yellow 4x hard-body pickup truck, with flames painted along the sid and the words, "PUSSY WAGON," written along the flat-bed hatch door. Pimpy font. The Bride looks at Buck's key chain in her hand. EX CU CAR KEY in truck door lock, it turns. EX CU TRUCK DOOR LOCK POPS UP OPEN.
15) 0) text: The Bride pulls herself up into the backseat of Buck's pi truck. Once in the backseat, she shoves the wheelchair aw It rolls out of control down the parking ramp, and CRASHE Now The Bride's lying vertically in Buck's truck's backse Seemingly out of danger - at least out of sight - but she still stuck hiding in the hospital. And until she regains full use of her legs and feet, this little Bride ain't go anywhere or doin anything. Lying flat, with the back of her head propped up against door, her long, lifeless legs stretched out in front of h her two bare feet at the end of them, pointing to the sky the Bride focusses her eyes, her stare, her thoughts, her strength, and all her concentration....on her big toe. SLOW ZOOM INTO BIG TOE.... SLOW ZOOM INTO HER FACE.... SLOW ZOOM INTO BIG TOE.... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 28 of Kill Bill SLOW ZOOM INTO FACE.
15) 4) text: As I lay in the back of Buck's pickup truck, trying to will my limbs out of entropy, I could see the faces of the cunts who did this to me, and the dick responsible. Members all of Bill's brainchild; "The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad."
17) 0) text: Pavement of the parking lot. We HEAR a CAR DOOR OPEN OFFSCREEN, then The Bride's bare foot comes from above FR stepping down INTO The SHOT. She walks around to the driver's side and climbs in. She sticks Buck's ignition key in its slot and turns. The truck's engine RUMBLES to life. She spies a pair of Elvis T.C.B. SUNGLASSES lying on the dash. She puts them on.
18) 0) text: The Bride drives Buck's big, yellow pussy wagon all over Paso buying supplies. WE FOLLOW Her bare feet into a clothing store. Her feet, legs, and ass slip into a new pair of LEVI'S. Her hands grab a pair of CHERRY BROWN COWBOY BOOTS. Then slips on the cowboy boots. Chooses another TOP. And finds a warm JACKET. She opens Buck's "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet, and pays fo the items. She emerges from the store wearing her new outfit, and cl back in the truck. She drives, stopping at a DEPARTMENT STORE, and walking inside. She picks up a SHOVEL, a HAND PICKAXE, a big CAMPING FLASHLIGHT, a MAP OF TEXAS, a writing NOTEBOOK, and a bun of RED and BLACK FELT PENS. While the Bride is buying items in the department store w CROSSCUT.... ..with her driving the pussy wagon up to a low-rent motel called, "The Texican".... ...Her Registering with the OLD BASTARD of a desk clerk, getting the key, and paying him out of the "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet.... ...her drawing a bath in the bathroom of the motel room.. Shampoo is taken off the shelf of the department store... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 33 of Kill Bill ...conditioner... .a bar of soap... «hot water runs out of the bathtub faucet... ...steam rises off the hot bathwater... ...she pulls down a bunch of bath products, like bubble b salts, apricot this - kiwi that, we see her pour all the items in the bathwater... ...then we see her bare foot enter the bathwater... ...then Lower her whole body into the bathwater... ...now submerged in the warm bathwater, by herself, perfe MUSIC CUE ON SOUNDTRACK, she begins to cry...her poor hea has been shattered and five years of tears come flooding of her. She cries for her baby... She cries for the motherhood robbed from her... She cries for all the innocent people at the wedding chap who died simply because they were unlucky enough to cross path... She cries for the betrayal at the hands of her lover... She cries for the treachery at the hands of her comrades. She cries for the five years of life snatched from her... She cries for the countless violations she endured while incapacitated... And finally, she cries for all the misery she will cause undeserving...... enroute to Bill's retribution. Retribut that begins the minute she steps out of this bathtub. She curls up into a fetal position inside the tub of warm water...weeping. We DOLLY back...to give our heroine some privacy...WE DISSOLVE through the bathroom door...Till we're on the ot side, filming a closed door with crying on the other side When she's finished shedding tears, is when she'll begin shedding blood. When the bathroom door opens, the woman that emerges, has closed out all of her emotions...save from one...revenge. It's that woman, in her new outfit, that climbs into the yellow pussy wagon, puts the T.C.B. Sunglasses over her e and starts the engine that sets into motion the gory stor follow.
20) 0) text: Deep in the middle of Fuck-Knows Texas, lit by the headli of Buck's 4x4, The Bride digs a hole in the ground......TILL...