30) 1) text: CU The BRIDE at the bar, in her kimono, drinking a colorful cocktail. observes all the activity by O-Ren's private dining room. When the Yubari sisters go back inside, the Bride climbs her barstool and goes through the restaurant...into the parking area...and up to her rental car. She opens the do Takes off her Japanese kimono, underneath is a one-piece yellow track suit with a black stripe going down both sid like the one Bruce Lee wears in "Game of Death." She toss the kimono in the trunk, then removes the sheathed Hanzo sword, With the sword of vengeance in her hand, we follow back inside the restaurant. She looks upstairs to the O-R dining room. We see Yuki Yubari and Sofie Fatale, slide o the door, and walk down the stairs together. When they ge the bottom, they give each other a kiss goodbye, and Yuki leaves the restaurant, while Sofie makes her way to the bathroom...only to have The Bride, now dressed in her Bru Lee yellow outfit and samurai sword in her hand, bar her
30) 5) dialog: (to Bride) Can I help you?
30) 7) dialog: I'm Mistress Ishii's attorney. How can I help you? http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 53 of Kill Bill The Bride PUNCHES her in the face.
31) 4) dialog: Spewing and Gushing Blood from her stump, twists her body agony, painting the floor and the walls with giant Splash of Red, as her body hits the floor, twitching in both surprise and shock. The CRAZY 88 run out into the dining area and create a human wall betw themselves and their Mistress.
32) 19) dialog: Minus an arm, lies curled up in the trunk of her MAZDA XO The BRIDE slams the trunk, SCREEN BOES BLACK... The MAZDA driving down the road at supersonic speed. The BRIDE behind the wheel wearing her crash helmet. It looks like insert from "GRAND PRIX."
32) 23) dialog: Yes.
32) 25) dialog: Yes.
32) 27) dialog: Why?
32) 31) dialog: Yuki's sick. She went home early.
32) 33) dialog: She has a cold.
32) 35) dialog: She'll wail with grief. Page 72 of 185 Kill Bill
32) 38) dialog: She'll drink excessively.
32) 41) dialog: She'll start trouble.
32) 53) dialog: When she stops shedding tears, she'll start shedding blood.
32) 55) dialog: I don't hafta guess, she'll come after you.
32) 57) dialog: She won't have to. When she finds you, I don't know who will win. But what I do know is, she will find you.
32) 59) dialog: Skilled won't be the word.
32) 61) dialog: Crazy. The Bride takes this in...then moves on.
33) 0) text: The big hospital of TOKYO is located by a hill by the highway. Sofie's MAZDA pulls off the highway to the side. The Bride hops out of the car, runs to the back, opens th trunk, takes out Sofie's body, and rolls it down the hill....Sofie stops rolling in front of the entrance of t huge hospital.
33) 2) dialog: in a hospital environment. Bill's voice speaks to her OFF SCREEN;
33) 4) dialog: Please forgive my betrayal -- He shhhh's her off screen;
33) 6) dialog: But, still --
33) 8) dialog: Guessing won't be necessary. She informed me.