0) 9) text: We see for a moment, A WIDE SHOT looking down at the woma the floor. Bill (from behind) bent down over her. Four ot in black suits, standing over her (three are female, one male). And about four DEAD BODIES lying in their own bloo We also see we're in a wedding chapel that's been redecor by blood death and gunfire. And firstly or lastly, depend on the viewer, that the woman on the floor is dressed in white bridal gown. This woman is our Heroine, and from this moment forth she will only be referred to as The BRIDE. Back to CU of The BRIDE. The BRIDE on the floor. Her pretty face is wiped clean.
0) 11) dialog: Bill, I'm pregnant. It's your baby. After saying the "y" in "baby", we hear a BANG and The Br receives a bullet in the side of her head.
0) 15) dialog: That's Tim, Arthur's best friend. CU A PRETTY YOUNG WOMAN in a frilly pink dress with two bullet holes in her.
0) 16) dialog: That's his girlfriend Janeen. CU A PLUMP YOUNG WOMAN, shot to death, wedding bouquet st clutched in her dead fist.
0) 17) dialog: That's my best friend from work Erica. AN OLDER MAN IN A BLACK SUIT shot fulla holes.
0) 18) dialog: That's the minister. I think his name was Reverend Hillhouse. A DEAD OLDER WOMAN by his side in an old-fashioned flower print dress.
0) 19) dialog: That's his wife. A DEAD OLDER WOMAN slumped over an organ. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 3 of 1 Kill Bill
0) 20) dialog: Organ player, don't know her name. A YOUNG MAN IN A TUXEDO WITH HIS FACE BLOWN OFF. THE BRIDE (V.O. That's Arthur. Arthur Plympton. The name on his driver's license was Charles Arthur Plympton, but for some reason he preferred Arthur. Maybe if he went by Carles people would have called him Charlie. If that was his reason for going by Arthur I can understand it. Nothing wrong with the name Charlie, except he didn't look like a Charlie, he looked like an Arthur. Obviously you'll have to take my word on this. Speaking of names, I was about two seconds away from becoming Mrs. Charles Arthur Plympton. And then finally, The Bride.
0) 21) dialog: And that, that's me. I'm the Bride. We do a DISSOLVE from the Bride looking dead in the brida gown To The Bride, still in B/W, still in a bridal gown, but the asswippin she took in the scene before must have been in past, because she looks like a million dollars NOW. see eee three million even.
1) 0) text: The Bride behind the wheel of a Volkswagen Karman Ghia convertible. Her long blodne hair whipping in the wind. A PROCESS SHOT PLAYS behind her. THE BRIDE (V.O. Looked dead, didn't I? Well I wasn't, but it wasn'T for lack fo trying, I can tell you that. Actually Bill's last bullet put me in a coma. A coma I was to lie in for five years. When I woke up, ...I went on what the movie advertisements refer to as a Roaring Rampage of Revenge. I roarded and I rampaged and I got http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 4 of 1 Kill Bill bloody satisfaction. In all, I've killed 33 people to get to this piont right now. I have only one more. The last one. The one I'M driving to right now. The only one left. And when I arrive at my destination..... +... I'm gonna Kill Bill.
2) 0) text: The front door opens and an attractive black HOUSEWIFE th same age as The Bride stands in the doorway. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 5 of 1 Kill Bill The Housewife's face shows immediate recognition of the blonde on her doorstep. The BRIDE on the porch; we do a quick Shaw-Brothers-style Zoom into eyes.
3) 0) text: The white woman and the black woman FLY into the center o the living room, CRASHING onto her coffe table in front o the sofa. These two wildcats go at each other savagely, TUMBLING OV the couch, clawing and scratching all the way, landing together on the plush carpet. The HOUSEWIFE KICKS The Bride, sending her CRASHING backwards into the small table where the phone, a note pad (for messages), a the mail is kept. The Housewife scrambles up on her feet, but is caught by FLYING TACKLE from behind by The Bride that sends them bo into.....eee An ornamental iron and tempered-glass bookcase that has framed family photos, display toys, some African art, and collection of painted commemorative plates depicting the negro experience in the American military. Starting with plate featuring Cripis Atkins in the revolutionary war, n troops in union blue during the civil war, Buffalo soldie fighting Indians, the Jim Crow troops of the first world the colored troops of world war two, Korea, Vietnam, and finally Colin Powell....The Bride and The Housewife CRASH THROUGH all this reducing everything to rubble. They land hard on the floor covered in broken glass, lock in grapple, each trying to get the best of the other one, When The Housewife HEADBUTTS The Bride in the nose. The HOUSEWIFE hops off The Bride, runs into the kitchen, opens a drawer comes out with a HUGE MOTHERFUCKIN BUTCHER KNIFE. The BRIDE rises from the floor, and WHIPS OUT a KNIFE in a sheath http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 6 of 1 Kill Bill hanging from her belt known as a SOG. (A SOG is a long, double-edged knife that's as sharp as a razor, and is wha Navy Seals use to kill humans with.) The Bride backs up into the mess of the now totally demolished living room. The two woman stalk each other, each holding her blade, e looking like they know how to use it, each waiting for th other to make a mistake so they can plunge their blade de into the other one. Blood and sweat dript off of the faces of the two women locked in life and death combat...... ....When The back kitchen door opens, and a FOUR-YEAR-OLD LITTLE GIRL, carrying a lunch box steps inside.
3) 8) dialog: Hello sweety, I'm *(BLEEP)*, what's your name? * Whenever during the picture somebody says The Bride's r it will be BLEEPED OUT ON THE SOUNDTRACK, ...that is,
3) 11) dialog: Nikki. What a pretty name for such a pretty little girl. How old are you Nikki? Nikki still says nothing, only stares.
3) 14) dialog: Four years old, aye. You know I once had a little girl. She'd be five right now. Maybe you two could of played with each other. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 8 of 185 Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
3) 18) dialog: Yeah, sure. The two women move into the kitchen. The Bride re-sheaths SOG, and The Housewife puts the butcher knife back in the drawer. The Bride sits down at the kitchen table, while The House pours both of them coffee.
3) 20) dialog: Both, please. As The Housewife fixes the coffee, we hear The Bride's
3) 22) dialog: This Pasadena homemaker's name is Jeanne Bell. Her husband is Dr. Lawrence Bell. But back when we were acquainted, five years ago her name was VERNITA GREEN. Her code name, was "COBRA"..... Mine was BLACK MAMBA. The two combat artists sit at the kitchen table, drinking coffee out of Vernita's coffee mugs.
3) 23) dialog: Page 9 of 185 Kill Bill Were you expecting me?
3) 25) dialog: You suppose correctly.
3) 27) dialog: Oh. I'm quite positive you're sorry, now. Vernita says to the Bride across the table furiously but low volume;
3) 29) dialog: You can relax for now. I'm not going to murder you in front of your daughter.
3) 31) dialog: Well that's a demonstration of Bill's complete ignorance when it comes to the subject of me, and what I'm thinking, and what I might do. It's mercy, compassion, and forgiveness I lack, not rationality. She pauses for effect -- the ham. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 10 of Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
3) 32) dialog: I'll wait for now, but I won't wait for long. I'll allow you to choose a time and place for us to meet again, preferably as far away from Nikki as possible. I could have just HIT you, I didn't, I demand respect for that. Since this is not a HIT, consider it a DUEL. And as two former Deadly Vipers, we will observe Viper rules of honor. One on one - no help - no bushwhackin - no treacherous weapons - on weapon of choice - our skill and our bodies. Vernita says her name;
3) 35) dialog: - I'm not through telling you. Failure to keep our date, or duplicity of any kind, will result in me putting a xoxo hollow point bullet into the back of your skull from a window of a building across the street from Nikki's elementary school. Now, feel free to respond.
3) 38) dialog: I don't care.
3) 40) dialog: Page 11 of 185 Kill Bill -- Bitch, you can stop right there. The B-word stops Vernita short, almost like a cold-handed slap in the face (it should affect the audience that way well).
3) 41) dialog: (leans in close) Just because I have no wish to murder you before the eyes of your daughter, does not mean parading her around in front of me is going to inspire sympathy. You and I have unfinished business. And not a goddamn fuckin thing you've done in the subsequent five years - including getting knocked up - is going to change that.
3) 43) dialog: -- But that's where you're wrong, Vernita. I don't want to get even. To get even, even Steven. I would have to kill you, go into Nikki's room, kill her, then wait for your old man, Dr. Bell, to come home and kill him. That would make us even. No, my unborn daughter will just hafta be satisfied with your death at her mother's hands. Vernita knows no matter what else is said, blood will spi http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
3) 45) dialog: It all depends... When do you want to die? Tomorrow? The day after tomorrow? That's about as long as I'll wait.
3) 47) dialog: Spendid. Where? Page 12 of 185 Kill Bill
3) 49) dialog: Bill said you were one of the best ladies he'd ever seen with an edged weapon. Vernita moves to another kitchen cabinet, and pulls down box of the sugar cereal, "Kaboom."
3) 51) dialog: Weapon of choice? And if you want to stick with your butcher knife, I'm cool with that.
3) 54) dialog: Do to your daughter, what you did to mine... (she takes her hand .».-I won't. Vernita dies. The Bride removes her Sog, looks up and sees little Nikki standing in the doorway of her room. The little girl sees mother dead on the floor, lying in her own blood. And she sees the blonde lady standing over her mother, bloody kni still in her hand. But oddly enough, Nikki doesn't cry. T little girl locks eyes with the big girl, and holds her stare. As she talks to the little girl, she removes an already stained with blood white handkerchief with the name "BILL sewn on it. And the blonde wipes the girl's mother's bloo off her blade.
3) 55) dialog: It was not my intention to do this in front of you. For that I'm sorry. But you can take my word for it, your mother had it coming. When you grow up, if you still feel raw about it, I'll be waiting. And with that apology, statement, and invitation, The Bri walks out the kitchen side door, leaving the little girl her mourning.
4) 0) text: The Bride walks down the dead woman's driveway to her vehicle. She glances at the lawn toys one more time as sh makes here getaway. She climbs into her big, yellow pickup truck, with the wo "Pussy Wagon" written across the flatbed's hatch door in pimpy font. She takes out a ringed notebook and turns to page that's headline reads; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 14 of Kill Bill
7) 0) text: The Bride, alone in her bed, alone in her coma, alone in room. Elle Driver opens the door to her room and steps inside. The female assassin approaches the comatose woman.
9) 7) dialog: My baby. Her hand goes down to her belly, unly to find it not swol http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 20 of Kill Bill but flat. She doesn't understand, lifts up her hospital g and sees a JAGGED SCAR which runs down her abdomen. Her fingertips trace it. She quickly looks at the palm of her and and counts the lines. MACRO CU The LINES IN HER PALM look like a road map. She stops counting, shocked;
9) 8) dialog: (to herself) Five years. She counts again.
9) 9) dialog: (a statement) Five years. The Bride's two eyes fill with tears as she realizes her is long gone. WHEN SUDDENLY... She hears the STEP...STEP...STEP...OF BILL'S BOOTS WALKIN TOWARDS HER ROOM..
12) 0) text: Gerald pushes open the door to see one hellva sight. His buddy, bloody and lying motionless on the floor, and The Bride lying haphazardly on the bed, in her coma. He moves to his buddy, who's dead. Then moves to The coma Bride... Who SUDDENLY SPRINGS TO LIFE, GRABBING him by th front of his shirt, YANKING HIM DOWN TO HER, and PLUNGING I.V. NEEDLE in her arm DEEP INTO HIS TEMPLE, THEN TWISTIN AROUND and AROUND, turning the right side of his brain in scrambled eggs a la The BRIDE. She tosses the now brain-dead Gerald to the floor. The BRIDE upon waking, without leaving the bed where she lay the la five years, has just killed two men. She throws off the bloody blankets, whips her legs off the side of the bed, tries to stand - THEN QUICKLY FALLS OUT OF FRAME. WE HEAR CRASH BELOW FRAME. The Bride is flat on the floor. Her legs and feet don't w Which means she's stuck on the floor with only a function top half, and a completely useless bottom half. What's a to do?
13) 0) text: The elevator doors open, and The Orderly steps out. BACK TO The BRIDE She hears the sound of Bill's boots approaching the room. STEP...STEP...STEP... She sees Gerald has a Trucker's knife in a holster attach to his belt. Her hands removes it. The Orderly swaggers down the hall to The Bride's room, r Reeboks slapping against the smooth floor. CU The BRIDE She SNAPS the knife's BLADE OPEN in her CU. The Orderly pushes open The Bride's door, stopping in sho The ORDERLY'S POV: He sees an empty bed with bloodstains on it, Two dead Truckers on the floor, and no Bride.
13) 8) dialog: Where's Bill?
13) 11) dialog: Bill! Where is Bill!
13) 14) dialog: I saw him here myself.....
13) 18) dialog: Where is Bill?
13) 20) dialog: Where did you get this from?
13) 23) dialog: Bullshit! I saw Bill wearing it in this room ten minutes ago.
13) 27) dialog: Your name's Buck, right? And you came to fuck, right? A "how the fuck does she know look," crosses his face. The Bride looks down at him....The VENGEANCE THEME BEGINS PLAYING LOUDLY ON The SOUNDTRACK, and the VEIN IN HER http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 27 of Kill Bill FOREHEAD BECOMES PRONOUNCED and begins to PULSATE IN TIME WITH The MUSIC. Every time The Bride comes face to face w a tormenter, this Theme will play on the soundtrack. By m movie this music should drive the audience wild with orga anticipation of the carnage to come... ..and With the door in her hand and one mighty slam, this Longview Texas boy is sent to the Promised Land. She searches the dead man's pockets, coming up with a bro wallet that says on it, "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN," loaded with lettuce. She also pulls out a set of car keys on a pickup truck key chain that has the words, "Pussy Wagon" on it written in a pimpy font. She gathers up all these items, Gerald's knife, then begins to strip Buck of his orderly uniform.
14) 0) text: The elevator doors to the hospital's underground parking open, revealing The Bride in Buck's orderly scrubs in a wheelchair. She wheels out of the elevator fast into the parking lot. arms spinning the wheels as she goes down the line of car looking for a pickup truck that Buck would own...she stop What made The Bride stop. The ass end of a big, yellow 4x hard-body pickup truck, with flames painted along the sid and the words, "PUSSY WAGON," written along the flat-bed hatch door. Pimpy font. The Bride looks at Buck's key chain in her hand. EX CU CAR KEY in truck door lock, it turns. EX CU TRUCK DOOR LOCK POPS UP OPEN.
15) 0) text: The Bride pulls herself up into the backseat of Buck's pi truck. Once in the backseat, she shoves the wheelchair aw It rolls out of control down the parking ramp, and CRASHE Now The Bride's lying vertically in Buck's truck's backse Seemingly out of danger - at least out of sight - but she still stuck hiding in the hospital. And until she regains full use of her legs and feet, this little Bride ain't go anywhere or doin anything. Lying flat, with the back of her head propped up against door, her long, lifeless legs stretched out in front of h her two bare feet at the end of them, pointing to the sky the Bride focusses her eyes, her stare, her thoughts, her strength, and all her concentration....on her big toe. SLOW ZOOM INTO BIG TOE.... SLOW ZOOM INTO HER FACE.... SLOW ZOOM INTO BIG TOE.... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 28 of Kill Bill SLOW ZOOM INTO FACE.
15) 1) dialog: (monotone) Wiggle your big toe. Toe doesn't move an inch.
15) 2) dialog: Wiggle your big toe. It doesn't move.
15) 3) dialog: Wiggle your big toe. (VOICE OVER)
15) 7) text: SCREEN GOES ORANGE except for a SCOPE-SIGHT RIFLE GRAPHIC WITH CROSSHAIRS over The Bride's face. OFF TO THE SIDE IS IDENTIFYING CREDIT; "Starring (The Bride's real name is covered by a stamp that reads)
15) 22) dialog: Now after five years of beauty sleep I knew absolutely nothing about my enemies! strengths weakness or whereabouts. But as fated by God vengeance would have it, I who knew nothing - knew one thing. As sure as God made little green apples... WE MOVE FAST TO O-REN ISHII'S SILHOUETTE, The SILHOUETTE BECOMES A POSED PICTURE OF O-REN in all her Deadly Viper glory.
15) 23) dialog: (continued) ..if O-Ren Ishii, the first name http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 30 of Kill Bill on my Death List, was still alive... she'd live in Japan. O-Ren Ishii, made her first acquaintance with death at the age of eleven.
15) 27) dialog: At thirteen, she got her revenge. The Boss's screams cause TWO OF BOSS'S MEN to run into th room, only to be SHOT DOWN by O-Ren, as she removes a gun from a holster strapped to her thigh. The 20-YEAR OLD O-REN ISHII on a rooftop with a high-powered, scope-sight rifle up to eye. Her EYE is HUGELY MAGNIFIED in the SCOPE.
15) 28) dialog: By twenty, she was one of the tip top of female assassins in the world. She fires.
16) 0) text: A Central American General riding backseat of his governm vehicle. TWO BEAUTIFUL LATIN WOMEN in one-piece bathing s http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 31 of Kill Bill sit on either side of him. They both wear sashes down the front; one reads, "Miss Panama," the other reads, "Miss Venezuela." As we cut to this shot, he has both hands on of their bare knees. He's laughing as the TOP OF HIS HEAD BLOWN OFF. The 23-YEAR OLD O-REN ISHII stands before Bill and The Bride. (Bill is not clearly viewed.)
16) 1) dialog: At twenty-three she joined Bill's Deadly Vipers... The 25-YEAR-OLD O-REN ISHII BEATING UP the pregnant Bride with the other Vipers...
16) 2) dialog: At twenty five she did her part in the killing of eight innocent people, including my unborn daughter, in a small wedding chapel in El Paso Texas. But on that day, five years ago, she made one big mistake... POSED FIGURE of the BRIDE in all her pre-beating bridal g glory.
16) 3) dialog: ..she Should of killed nine. However, before statisfaction would be mine, first things first... CU The BRIDE IN BUCK'S TRUCK An hour and a half later from the last time we saw her.
16) 4) dialog: Wiggel your big toe. CU The BRIDE'S BIG TOE wiggles - slightly.
16) 5) dialog: Hart part's over. Now let's get these other piggies wiggling. FADE TO BLACK.
17) 0) text: Pavement of the parking lot. We HEAR a CAR DOOR OPEN OFFSCREEN, then The Bride's bare foot comes from above FR stepping down INTO The SHOT. She walks around to the driver's side and climbs in. She sticks Buck's ignition key in its slot and turns. The truck's engine RUMBLES to life. She spies a pair of Elvis T.C.B. SUNGLASSES lying on the dash. She puts them on.
18) 0) text: The Bride drives Buck's big, yellow pussy wagon all over Paso buying supplies. WE FOLLOW Her bare feet into a clothing store. Her feet, legs, and ass slip into a new pair of LEVI'S. Her hands grab a pair of CHERRY BROWN COWBOY BOOTS. Then slips on the cowboy boots. Chooses another TOP. And finds a warm JACKET. She opens Buck's "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet, and pays fo the items. She emerges from the store wearing her new outfit, and cl back in the truck. She drives, stopping at a DEPARTMENT STORE, and walking inside. She picks up a SHOVEL, a HAND PICKAXE, a big CAMPING FLASHLIGHT, a MAP OF TEXAS, a writing NOTEBOOK, and a bun of RED and BLACK FELT PENS. While the Bride is buying items in the department store w CROSSCUT.... ..with her driving the pussy wagon up to a low-rent motel called, "The Texican".... ...Her Registering with the OLD BASTARD of a desk clerk, getting the key, and paying him out of the "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet.... ...her drawing a bath in the bathroom of the motel room.. Shampoo is taken off the shelf of the department store... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 33 of Kill Bill ...conditioner... .a bar of soap... «hot water runs out of the bathtub faucet... ...steam rises off the hot bathwater... ...she pulls down a bunch of bath products, like bubble b salts, apricot this - kiwi that, we see her pour all the items in the bathwater... ...then we see her bare foot enter the bathwater... ...then Lower her whole body into the bathwater... ...now submerged in the warm bathwater, by herself, perfe MUSIC CUE ON SOUNDTRACK, she begins to cry...her poor hea has been shattered and five years of tears come flooding of her. She cries for her baby... She cries for the motherhood robbed from her... She cries for all the innocent people at the wedding chap who died simply because they were unlucky enough to cross path... She cries for the betrayal at the hands of her lover... She cries for the treachery at the hands of her comrades. She cries for the five years of life snatched from her... She cries for the countless violations she endured while incapacitated... And finally, she cries for all the misery she will cause undeserving...... enroute to Bill's retribution. Retribut that begins the minute she steps out of this bathtub. She curls up into a fetal position inside the tub of warm water...weeping. We DOLLY back...to give our heroine some privacy...WE DISSOLVE through the bathroom door...Till we're on the ot side, filming a closed door with crying on the other side When she's finished shedding tears, is when she'll begin shedding blood. When the bathroom door opens, the woman that emerges, has closed out all of her emotions...save from one...revenge. It's that woman, in her new outfit, that climbs into the yellow pussy wagon, puts the T.C.B. Sunglasses over her e and starts the engine that sets into motion the gory stor follow.
19) 1) text: http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 34 of Kill Bill The truck shines its headlight beams on an open patch of prairie wasteland. We see dirt, rocks, plants, and an oil derrick pumping up and down. The Bride STOPS the truck. Taking her flashlight with her, The Bride walks into the headlight beams towards one rock on the ground in particu She lifts it off the ground, there's an X on it's undersi She smiles. If the X hadn't been there, she would have ta it as a sign that her vengeance quest was never meant to But as it is there, it would appear that fortune has smil on The Bride and her bloody intentions. She walks back to the truck, takes the shovel and the han pickaxe out from the flatbed, reaches into the truck cab CHANGES THE MUSIC TO A POUNDING HEAVY METAL ANTHEM. CU The BRIDE'S COWBOY BOOTS next to the X ROCK IN TIME WITH The METAL, The Bride's cowboy boots count ou ten paces from the rock. When the boots stop, the flashlight ENTERS THE SHOT illuminating the spot, THEN...the shovel ENTERS, striking deep in the unmarked earth.
20) 0) text: Deep in the middle of Fuck-Knows Texas, lit by the headli of Buck's 4x4, The Bride digs a hole in the ground......TILL...
20) 1) text: She HITS SOMETHING HARD. She gets down on her knees, hacking away at the dirt with hand pickaxe, till a large box covered in plastic is revealed. She hoists it up out of the earth. She rips off the plastic, revealing a large, green Army footlocker, untouched by the condensation of being buried the ground for over five years. Flipping the two locks op she lifts the lid, placing the big camping flashlight on rim. Unfolding a sleeping bag long-ways, she bought at the department store. The Bride begins collecting the content her buried treasure, and laying them on the sleeping bag. We see her remove them from the footlocker, one by one. The HEAVY METAL CONTINUES ON THE SOUNDTRACK. 2 9mm AUTOMATICS, w/ AMMO and HOLSTERS. 1 small HAND GUN, w/ AMMO and HOLSTER (which fits around the thigh).
21) 0) text: CU The BRIDE standing at a teller window, she holds up her key. INSERT: 1 BANK BOOK and 1 DRIVER'S LICENSE w/ The Bride's photo on it and the name "CANDY RALSTON" on each.
22) 0) text: The Bride, with a big athletic bag slung over her shoulde watches a TELLER remove four safety deposit boxes.
23) 0) text: Where you look isnide your safety deposit box by yourself The Bride opens up the first box... ...It's filled w/ CASH. She opens up the second box.... ...It's filled w/ CASH. She opens up the third box.... ....It's filled w/ CASH. She opens up the fourth box.... ....She Takes out a BAG. Inside the bag are 14 FORGED http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 36 of Kill Bill PASSPORTS and DRIVER'S LICENSES in 14 different names. Also in the box, is one COMPACT REFRIGERATOR CASE. She op it, inside are 2 BEAUTIFUL HANDMADE GOLD SYRINGES and 1 V OF FLUID.
24) 1) text: of the Bride in her passenger seat, flying to Japan. We s she's holding a clean white handkerchief. She's sewing th name "Bill" in the corner. END OF MUSIC MONTAGE.
25) 4) dialog: Almost American.
25) 7) text: The Bride smiles at this and walks further inside. She doesn't come across as one of the world's deadliest assassins, but instead as a sweet, slightly airheaded, American tourist.
25) 8) dialog: Domo. The Sushi Chef gives an exaggerated look of surprise, and says;
25) 10) dialog: Nooo, just a few words I learned since yesterday. - May I sit at the bar?
25) 13) dialog: Oh...let's see..."Arigato."
25) 15) dialog: .».."Ah-So"...
25) 17) dialog: "I See."
25) 19) dialog: I already said "Domo", right?
25) 21) dialog: "Kon-netie-wa." The Sushi Chef goes "Oooh" answer to a mystery. like he's just discovered the
25) 24) dialog: "Kon-nichi-wa?" Saying with surprise and admiration;
25) 26) dialog: Now you're making fun of me.
25) 28) dialog: Well, thank you - I mean...arigato.
25) 30) dialog: No kidding, I heard it's kinda hard. Whenever the Sushi Chef doesn't either hear your or understand you, he yells the word;
25) 32) dialog: I always heard it was difficult.
25) 34) dialog: Maybe I was Japanese in another life. The Sushi Chef proclaims as if he should know;
25) 36) dialog: How did you know tuna's my favorite?
25) 38) dialog: Tuna's my favorite.
25) 40) dialog: (to the bald man) I beg your pardon? The Sushi Chef pantomimes drinking.
25) 42) dialog: Oh yes, a bottle of warm sake.
25) 45) dialog: A-huh.
25) 47) dialog: Yes, this is my first time. As the chef slices the next portion with a large knife, h asks;
25) 49) dialog: I came to see a man.
25) 51) dialog: Not quite.
25) 53) dialog: I've never met him. The Sushi Chef continues slicing.....
25) 55) dialog: Hattori Hanzo. There's a break in the Sushi Chef's slicing. After a beat brings a bloody finger INTO FRAME and sticks it in his mo The little Bald man appears with a bottle of warm sake, h pours one for The Bride, then disappears again. As The Bride sips the sake, she looks at the chef. As The Sushi Chef sucks his finger, he looks at The Bride The Sushi Chef drops the voice he had been using up to th point...and IN JAPANESE SUBTITLED IN ENGLISH asks;
25) 57) dialog: I need Japanese steel.
25) 59) dialog: I have vermin to kill.
25) 61) dialog: Huge.
26) 0) text: The trap door in the floor opens up, and HATTORI HANZO (S Chef), climbs inside the room, followed by The Bride. The room has many handcrafted samurai swords in hand-carv wooden sheaths resting on wooden racks running the length the second half of the attic. The Bride walks down the row of Japanese steel, looking a touching the shiny wood. She looks behind her to Hanzo wh still by the trap door, and says;
26) 1) dialog: May I? The Sushi Chef answers in ENGLISH;
26) 8) dialog: Then give me one of these.
26) 10) dialog: I didn't say, sell me. I said, give me.
26) 12) dialog: Because my vermin, is a former student of yours. And considering the student, I'd say you had a rather large obligation. Hattori Hanzo goes to a dusty window, and writes the name "BILL" on it with his finger. The blonde girl nods her head yes. The proud warrior moves over to the door in the floor, throwing it open. He points into a corner...
26) 33) dialog: Domo. EX CU The Hanzo Sword, her white hand with her long fingers COMES INTO FRAME and removes the beautiful, artful instrument of vengeance. FADE TO BLACK.
26) 40) dialog: When fortune smiles on something as violent and ugly as revenge, at the time it seems proof like no other that not only does God exist, you're doing his will. At a time when I knew the last about my enemies, the first name on my death list, was the easiest to find. But of course, when one manages the difficult task of becoming queen of the Tokyo underworld, one doesn't keep it a secret, does one? http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 47 of Kill Bill The charcoal drawing gets color and becomes ANIMATED, tur into a JAPAMATION O-REN...
26) 42) dialog: At the age of twenty, Bill backed his Nippon progeny financially and philosophically in her Shakespearian-in-magnitude power struggle with the other Yakuza clans, over who would rule vice in the city of Tokyo. Japamation images of O-Ren and her Army, taking on ANOTHE YAKUZA ARMY, among falling cherry blossoms. WE CUT BACK AND FORTH between cartoon images of this and real life real McCoy samurai sword battle. O-Ren's ability is simply amazing.
26) 43) dialog: When it was all over, it was the geisha-regaled O-Ren Ishii that proved the victor.
27) 1) dialog: And just in case you're wondering how could a half breed Japanese Chinese American become the boss of all criminal activity in Tokyo, Japan,... I'll tell you. The subject of O-Ren's blood and nationality came up before the council only once. The night O-Ren assumed power over the crime council. Boss Tanaka is the picture of angered ambiance among the alcohol-fueled frivolity.
27) 2) dialog: The man who seems bound and determined to break the mood is Boss Tanaka. And what Boss Tanaka thinks is... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 48 of Kill Bill Boss Tanaka brings his fist down on the table, smashing t plate in front of him into itty bitty pieces. The party comes to a halt as all eyes go to the leader of Tanaka Crime Family.
30) 0) text: The white paper door to O-Ren's dining room SLAMS OPEN. Y and Go Go step into the corridor. All trace of the Bride has vanished. They look out over the restaurant, patrons look normal. Whoever was there is gone now. Go Go removes the small dagger from the wood post and the Yubari sisters go back into the private dining room, SLAM the door behind them.
30) 1) text: CU The BRIDE at the bar, in her kimono, drinking a colorful cocktail. observes all the activity by O-Ren's private dining room. When the Yubari sisters go back inside, the Bride climbs her barstool and goes through the restaurant...into the parking area...and up to her rental car. She opens the do Takes off her Japanese kimono, underneath is a one-piece yellow track suit with a black stripe going down both sid like the one Bruce Lee wears in "Game of Death." She toss the kimono in the trunk, then removes the sheathed Hanzo sword, With the sword of vengeance in her hand, we follow back inside the restaurant. She looks upstairs to the O-R dining room. We see Yuki Yubari and Sofie Fatale, slide o the door, and walk down the stairs together. When they ge the bottom, they give each other a kiss goodbye, and Yuki leaves the restaurant, while Sofie makes her way to the bathroom...only to have The Bride, now dressed in her Bru Lee yellow outfit and samurai sword in her hand, bar her
30) 6) dialog: Yes, I am looking for the attorney of O-Ren Ishii, Sofie Fatale. Would that be you?
31) 1) dialog: O-Ren Ishii! You and I have unfinished business! The Crazy 88 spring to their feet. One slides open the do They see O-Ren's lawyer, Sofie Fatale, standing in the mi of the restaurant, her left arm completely outstretched, gripped around a post. She has a terrified look on her fa Before anybody on O-Ren's side of the room can say anythi ...The Bride steps out from behind Sofie.
31) 11) text: Looking down on The Bride at one end and O-Ren and her cr at the other. A Red Circle appears where the blade is bur in the floor...The red circle grows larger...and larger.. larger...and larger still...
31) 12) text: Leaving the sword stuck in the floor, handle sticking straight up in the air, The Bride rises up from her one k and straight and tall, staring down the queen of the Toky underworld. O-Ren her eyes narrow with rage. She screams out another order
31) 21) dialog: (to O-Ren) You know, for a second there, yeah I did. O-Ren smiles...
31) 23) dialog: ...Trix Are for kids. This is something they used to say back when they fought alongside of each other as "Vipers." The seventeen Crazy 88 reinforcements come running into t restaurant and with drawn swords surround The Bride. As a HEAVY METAL COMBAT BEAT begins to PULSATE ON THE SOUNDTRACK, The Boys and The Bride have a Spaghetti Weste Stand-off. We do a 360 INSIDE the CIRCLE of The Crazy 88, who surrou the yellow-haired warrior. Not all have Samurai swords; o JUGGLES TWO HATCHETS, another TWIRLS A THREE-STAFF TRIPLE IRON over his head. As the Heavy Metal music builds...We Cut to various Shots The Two Opposing Forces Preparing to Strike....Hands on S Handles...Feet finding Combat Stance...etc... ....Until Heavy Metal reaches its Breaking Point... .»..At that point, the Metal EXPLODES OVER THE SOUNDTRACK TIME WITH The BRIDE EXPLODING INTO A VIOLENT KILLING MACH ON SCREEN. As she matches skill with the army of black-suited boys, flailing, silver blade Clashing and Slashing, long blonde hair whipping like a whirling dervish.... ...She's a Goddess of War Venus. Not only is the FIGHT CUT TO THE HEAVY METAL MUSIC, but T Bride seems to be somewhat dancing to it as she fights. This explosion of furious violence is punctuated CINEMATICALLY BY THE COLOR IN THE FILM POPPING OFF, and t fight being filmed in HIGH CONTRAST BLACK AND WHITE, turn the squirting, spewing geysers of BLOOD FROM CRIMSON RED OIL BLACK. Many members of The Crazy 88 are Sliced, Slashed, and liberated from the limbs they were born with at The Bride blade. Some SPECIFIC MOMENTS While Clashing swords, The Bride whips the silver Boomera out of its holster, and Throws it... ....It Twirls Through the Air... ...Embedding itself longways in one of the boy's faces The Bride does a Mid-Air Somersault over the head of an Attacker, landing solid on her feet behind him...Slash, h out. The Bride is knocked to the floor, her Attacker stands ov her to Spear the young blonde, Her Legs Spring Up In The Ankles Lock Around The Boy's Neck She throws him down to the ground. With his neck still in http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 58 of Kill Bill vise-like grip of her ankles, She removes The SOG Knife f its sheath and Plunges it Deep Into The Boy's Chest. While still on the ground, an Attacker Charges at her. Yanking the Boomerang out of the Dead Boy's Face, She Sen It Flying in the Charging Man's path... ...Boomerang Twirling Through the Air Close to the Ground ..Chopping Off the Charging Attacker's Foot in Mid Step, falls flat. The Bride jumps up onto an attacker's shoulders. She lock her legs around him so he's helpless at shaking her off. ..she swings down with her sword, and cuts the man's hand off. So while the helpless man with no hands screams, the now foot tall Bride fights with the others. When she's through she brings the blade across the man sh perched on's throat. He falls to his knees, bringing the Bride back to the floor like an alevator. As soon as her soles touch ground, she's off his shoulder somersaulting on the floor, bringing her blade up between attacker's legs into his groin. He lets out a scream, as she yanks her blade free. ONE ATTACKER steps out from the rest, "The Best One." He Twirls his sword expertly, challenging the young woman to "Come get a piece." The Bride does a screaming charge towards him.... ...Sword raised, The Attacker stands his ground, calm - steady, waiting for the blonde-haired locomotive to collide..... They meet..
31) 27) text: The Attackers start to close in...The Bride readies herse for their attack....THEN (in perfect time with the Heavy http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 59 of Kill Bill Metal)...Drops to the floor on her back, Spinning like a She Swings and Slashes and Cuts down below at their legs feet, like some hellish samurai sword-weilding turtle fli over on its shell.... Many black-suited, mask-wearing boys drop to the ground. ...Still Spinning like a break dancer, she spins up on to her head, and Pops back up on her feet. And then there were seven. The seven remaining sword-weilding, black-suited boys mov out of range of the Bride's blade when she dropped to the floor. Now spread out, they make a large half-circle. The Bride, slowly points the tip of her blade to the floo lowers herself to one knee and slightly bows her head. In repose. EX CU The Bride's eyes pointed up, watch them move closer, COLOR COMES BACK INTO FILM. We see her face is splashed with blood.
31) 31) dialog: Those of you lucky enough to still have your lives. Take them with you. But leave the limbs you've lost. They belong to me now. The wounded men, crawl out of the restaurant. The yellow-haired crimson-covered woman, looks to the las remaining combatants...Mr. Barrel, Go Go Yubari, and O-Re Ishii. Go Go steps forward and removes her weapon, it's not a samurai sword. It's a heavy metal ball at the end of a long chain She begins TWIRLING it above her head. Each rotation make WHOOSH sound in the air.
31) 35) dialog: Any more subordinates for me to kill, O-Ren? Mr. Barrel says;
31) 37) dialog: You're Mr. Barrel, right?
31) 39) dialog: http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 63 of Kill Bill Our reputations precede us.
31) 41) dialog: Tell me Mr. Barrel, why don't you wear your Kato mask? Are you and iconoclast? Mr. Barrel takes out a kato mask on a stick, like from a Century costume ball, and holds it over his eyes. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
31) 43) dialog: You shouldn't work for her.
31) 45) dialog: It's not too late to quit.
31) 47) dialog: 
31) 49) dialog: This has nothing to do with You and I, and everything to do with me taking satisfaction from that bitch behind you. And there's absolutely positively no way I'M going to leave here without taking that satisfaction. So Mr. Barrel, you have to stand aside. And that means you must quit, right now. Page 64 of 185 Kill Bill
31) 51) dialog: Yes you can.
31) 53) dialog: Don't say "Can't", there are no "Cant's." Yes - You - Can.....
31) 56) dialog: Oh my God... (pause) ...She just called you a fool. She just called you a fool in front of me. Not only am I your opponent. I'm a female fellow countryman. And you're going to risk your life - to say nothing of harming me - for a woman who refers to you as a £001?
31) 59) dialog: I'll owe ya one. He looks at her a BEAT longer...then says as he resheaths http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 65 of Kill Bill sword;
31) 63) dialog: Yes?
31) 65) dialog: I'll be disappointed if you don't. He continues walking without a look back. Before he Exits restaurant, he throws a look in Sofie's direction, Who's lying minus her arm in a pool of her own blood, and says;
31) 68) dialog: Domo.
31) 70) dialog: Okinawa.
31) 72) dialog: This is Hattori Hanzo steel.
31) 76) dialog: No.
32) 0) text: As snow falls around them, they stand the correct distanc from one another. COMBAT MUSIC BEGINS PLAYING, but not Japanese drums - Spa Flamenco Guitar....... The Bride Unsheaths her Sword Quickly...Holding it out in front of her...Tip of Blade pointed at O-Ren...Sword's Ha and her Fingers wrapped around that handle, up by her cheek...Her eyes are Reflected on the Blade...Snow falls around her.
32) 1) text: O-Ren begins walking forward towards the Bride...She rais up her Sword, still in its sheath, in front of her face vertically...then begins slowly unsheathing it...Snow fal around her.
32) 5) dialog: Attack me. With everything you have. The Two Women Clash Swords furiously, their attack ends w The Bride's Striking O-Ren - not fatally - but deep. They separate... ...breathing hard...Cold Air coming out of their mouths l two locomotives... O-Ren looks down to her wound, then back up to The Bride. respect for the Bride's ability is transparent. The Two Women Circle Stalk each other again... Red Blood running down Yellow Legs onto Yellow Sneakers.. Wooden Clogs crunching the Snow, Blood trail dripping dow legs staining White Socks with Red... They Attack, the Geisha figurine and The tall western gir with the mane of Whipping Blonde Hair. Turn - Clash, Both Women are out of breath and have As they both drink the harsh cold air leaving red blood stains in the white have the same thought. The next clash
32) 7) dialog: Accepted. They continue breathing... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm (JAPANESE)
32) 9) dialog: Ready?
32) 15) dialog: Yes. The Last thing she says before she dies; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 70 of Kill Bill
32) 22) dialog: I've kept you alive for one reason. Information. Being O-Ren's lawyer I take it you're familiar with Bill?
32) 24) dialog: In fact, I'd guesstimate, you worked for Bill before O-Ren, and that's how it is you came to work for O-Ren. Am I correct? Page 71 of 185 Kill Bill
32) 26) dialog: I thought so. Give me the arm you have left.
32) 28) dialog: I want information. Now gimme your arm. Sofie offers up her remaining arm. She injects Sofie with the gold syringe.
32) 29) dialog: The cocktail racing through your bloodstream at this moment is Bill's own recipe. He calls it "The Undisputed Truth." Sofie is injected.
32) 30) dialog: Okay, first things first. Where was the other Yubari sister? Yuki?
32) 32) dialog: Do tell? What's wrong with her?
32) 34) dialog: Awwww poor baby. What do you think she'll do when she finds out what happened?
32) 54) dialog: Best guess, what will she do?
32) 56) dialog: Will she ever give up?
32) 58) dialog: Is she more skilled than I?
32) 60) dialog: Don't be coy with me, bitch. What Page 74 of 185 Kill Bill would be the word?
32) 62) dialog: Okay, now I want all the information on the Deadly Vipers,... What they've been doing and where I can find them.
33) 0) text: The big hospital of TOKYO is located by a hill by the highway. Sofie's MAZDA pulls off the highway to the side. The Bride hops out of the car, runs to the back, opens th trunk, takes out Sofie's body, and rolls it down the hill....Sofie stops rolling in front of the entrance of t huge hospital.
33) 10) dialog: I'm allowing you to keep your wicked life for one reason and one reason only. So you can tell him, in person, everything that happened here tonight. I want him to witness the extent of my mercy..., by witnessing your deformed body. I want you to tell him, all the information you just told me. I want him to know what I know. I want him to know I want him to know. Then with SUPERMAN X-RAY VISION we see through the helmet the Bride's face inside as she says the last line.
33) 11) dialog: And I want them all to know, they'll all soon be as dead as 0 REN.
33) 30) text: The Bride entering her yellow pickup truck parked in front of Vernita's house.
33) 32) dialog: (to herself) Two down, and three to go. The Bride driving away from the scene of her latest victory. YUKI'S POV: The yellow pussy wagon drives away. YUKI'S POV: The exterior of the motel, the Bride is staying in. The motel is located on a Hawthorne residential street. Her yellow pickup truck is parked on the street.
33) 39) dialog: Conigute wa. (pause) Yuki?
33) 41) dialog: Can I help you?
33) 44) dialog: I was.
33) 46) dialog: I know you feel you must avenge your sister. But I beg you...walk away. Yuki giggles.
33) 49) dialog: Sure. Yuki shines the flashlight beam in the Bride's face.
33) 51) dialog: Domo.
33) 54) dialog: Very pretty.
33) 56) dialog: Yuki, you're gorgeous.
33) 58) dialog: You bet. Yuki giggles.
33) 59) dialog: Don't make me kill you.
33) 62) dialog: Stay in your house and stay down on the floor! Yuki speeds after her, but this time she pops the curb an drives across the front lawns on the street heading right her. The Bride runs into the house she's in front of. She runs through the living room, to the kitchen and the door, but the kitchen's where the family that lives here hiding and they block the door. Yuki's sports car pulls up in front of the house. She sta up in the convertible. Takes out a grenade, pulls the pin says; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 83 of Kill Bill
33) 64) dialog: (to herself Gotcha! Yuki screams like a little girl at the pain. She yells fr the doorway into the hallway;
33) 67) dialog: Yuki, in about two minutes there's going to be an army of police here. So if you're gonna kill me, now's the time. From her hiding place, Yuki snorts a line of baby blue powder. It gives her energy.
33) 68) dialog: So what's it gonna be bitch? Slapping a new clip in her machine gun.
33) 70) dialog: Goddamn, what a wildcat.
34) 2) dialog: Hello, I'm calling Nurse Owens -- http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 86 of Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am
34) 4) dialog: You don't know me, but --
34) 6) dialog: -- I've been shot five times --
34) 8) dialog: I'm dying.
34) 10) dialog: I can't call an ambulance.
34) 13) dialog: I do have a choice, and I'm choosing to call you. If you refuse to help me, I'll die. And that will be your choice.
34) 15) dialog: What do you need to know? I'm from Earth, I'm a woman, I'm dying, and only you can help me. Her last line has an effect on the hard-hearted nurse.
34) 17) dialog: I'm in Hawthorne. I'm hiding in a kids treehouse. It's a street called, "Dimmick". 1-7-3-6 Dimmick Avenue. There's a bunch of police cars and firetrucks, about two blocks away.
34) 19) dialog: If you can't walk, you better crawl. Nurse Owens likes that last line. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
34) 21) dialog: You come and get me, today's pay day.
34) 23) dialog: Probably.
34) 25) dialog: Is that Pacific Standard Time, or
34) 28) dialog: How do you know I have a bony ass?
35) 0) text: The Bride sits in her own blood waiting for Nurse Owens. Nurse Owens' head pops up from the door in the floor.
35) 1) dialog: Glad you made it.
35) 3) dialog: What's that?
36) 1) text: The Bride laid out on Nurse Owens' kitchen table, while t nurse extracts the bullets. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am Page 89 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am The Bride screams. The TV is turned up loud to hide the screams. The fifth slug is placed in an ashtray next to three cigarette butts and other balls of lead. The Bride, drunk as a skunk, says to her savior;
36) 2) dialog: That fuckin smarts. Smoking her menthol Kool, Nurse Owens says;
36) 4) dialog: I'll keep that in mind. So, do I have a future?
36) 6) dialog: splendid. She passes out.
38) 7) dialog: What L.F. O'Boyle didn't know was, the real game was just beginning. Bill was on the job, and she was the target. Now Bill was the greatest assassin of the 20th century. In fact the term HITMAN was coined for him. And he rarely performs actual assassinations anymore. However every once in awhile - to keep his hand in - he does. Only he plays a game. He doesn't start big trouble...he lets them start it. If they do, they're dead. If they don't, not only won't he perform, he'll take the hit off the market. It's kind of fun watching people gamble when they don't know they're gambling, isn't it? They hear the elevator in the hall. L.F. O'Boyle tells her men; L.F. Get my money back. Don't kill him. Chop off all his fingers. Alburt smiles. The Five men go out the door. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 100 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
46) 0) text: A brand new, enormous red pickup truck pulls into the par lot and stops. The BRIDE sits behind the wheel, looking at the bar and the bar's f door. Using the rearview as a mirror, she grabs her long blonde hair and pulls it back to a ponytail with a rubberband. Then places a baseball cap on the top of her noggin that reads, "STUBB'S BAR B-Q." She steps out of th truck's cab. She's dressed like a little Texas two-steppe Levi's, cowboy boots, and a "HARLEY DAVIDSON: LOUD AND PR tee-shirt.
47) 0) text: The Bride walks into the club just as the band on stage explodes into honky tonk guitar. She walks up to the bar oders a;
47) 1) dialog: Shiner. The BARTENDER gives her a beer bottle of Shiner Bock. As drinks the Texas brew...SHE.... ..Watches the BAND.... ...The crowd... ...Looking for Budd among the crowd... ..She sees him.. ..He's the bouncer... ..She observes him.. .she's sitting on a stool, observing the crowd, moving hi head to the music... SHAW BROTHERS ZOOM into her eyes; VENGEANCE THEME plays o the soundtrack. Her hand removes her sog from its sheath. She moves throu the crowd of Texas two-steppers, sog in hand, towards Bud sitting oblivious on his stool.
48) 0) text: As the music from above continues, we see Budd driving hi pickup on an empty highway home from work. He passes by The Bride's new red pussy wagon parked on th side of the road. After he whizzes by, she starts up the motor, but doesn't turn the lights on. She follows him, hanging way back in the dark. Budd driving, not seeing the automobile cloaked in darkne trailing him.
49) 0) text: Budd pulls his pickup truck in front of his small camper home. He walks inside, shutting the door behind him. The Bride rolls to a stop...O0bserving the lonely trailer of her windshield... Texas tear-ass music begins coming out of the camper....W see his figure pass the camper window, once or twice. The Bride chooses her weapon -- Hattori Hanzo's samurai sword. She doesn't say anything, nor will an actress of Uma Thurman's caliber indicate her feelings, but the astute member of the audience will read the significance of her choice. His current status be damned, the Budd who owes T Bride satisfaction was a warrior. And it's that Budd she intends to send to his maker. She takes a black stocking cap, and slips it on top of he skull, tucking her blonde hair underneath... THEN... ...Rubs black make-up under both eyes, on top of both eyelids, and down the bridge of her nose... THEN... Disconnects the cab lights above her, opens the truck doo and slips out unseen into the Austin Texas night air. THEN... On her belly, Hattori Hanzo sword in sheath in hand, she crawls across the desert floor towards Budd's trailer. THEN... Somewhere in the vast outdoors a cat jumps on a rat. Thei fight makes a LOUD racket. The Bride stops and buries her face in the dirt. From inside the trailer, we hear the needle being lifted the phonograph. From a distance we see: The shadowy figure of Budd lookin out the window of the camper. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 108 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am The Bride keeps her face in the dirt. The figure of Budd at the window, seems to dismiss the so he heard for what it was -- a rat meeting its end at the claws of a cat. The curtain closes again. The needle is placed back on the phonograph. CU The BRIDE face in the dirt...One Mississippi...Two Mississippi...he eyes look up towards the trailer...All's clear...She begi crawling towards the trailer again. ...She's now right outside the trailer home...We can hear sound of Budd sitting in a chair rocking back and forth. She hears the sound of a screw top unscrewed...The sound pouring in a glass...The sound of a glass being laid heav a table. Crouched low on the balls of her feet, she, with great ca slowly and silently unsheathes her Hanzo sword. Through the bottom slit in the door, she sees the distort image of Budd's feet on the floor. She slowly rises...removes her black stocking cap...blond hair falls around her shoulders...sword in right hand...l hand grabs the front doorknob... QUICK as a Texas lizard on glass -- She brings the sword' handle down hard on the door lock -- EX CU Cheap Lock Busting. She flings the front door open... The BRIDE'S POV: Brother Budd sitting calmly in a rocking chair, moving ba and forth to the Texas twang on his turntable, cradling a DOUBLE-BARREL SHOTGUN aimed right at The Bride.
49) 2) text: The Bride laid out in the dirt below him -- Sword separat from her grasp -- Bloody mess down her front -- Groan fro her throat. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 109 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am Budd steps down from the trailer onto the dirt, standing The Bride.
50) 40) text: Got anything to say? The Bride knows how these fiends derive satisfaction, and won't give it to them.
51) 0) text: Dark, excerpt for the cracks of light seeping through bet the lid and the box. However with each nail pounded in, m lights is cut off... TILL... ...the only light left, is the crack by The Bride's head. last hammered nail obliterates that light source. The Bride lies in TOTAL DARKNESS.
53) 0) text: EX CU HER FINGERS turn on the flashlight. CU The BRIDE LIT by the flashlight beam.. BAM... ..a shovel of dirt has just landed hard on the lid, makin The Bride jump... BAM... ...More dirt. She reacts again. BAM... The dirt just keeps falling, the bams becoming softer wit each new shovelful. The Bride is starting to perspire...her breathing becomin more rapid and panicked...her heartbeat begins to echo in the pine box. We've never seen her like this before. She's starting to lose it...She lets out a SCREAM...She SCREAMS again...Her bound-at-the-wrist hands move to the lid...She pounds on it...Her bound feet kick up at it...S starts to cry...She's getting hysterical...Her fingers be clawing at the wood lid... TILL... They're ripped open and bleeding... Leaving Blood Trails on the wood. TILL... She exhausts herself. All this while, she's been screamin http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 117 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am the words we can't even imagine coming out of her mouth;
53) 1) dialog: Help me. The Bride halts her hysteria. She wipes her eyes, and runs her hands down her face, mentally sending the little girl she became, back to wher she came from. The woman we know as The Bride is back. Sh talks to herself.
53) 2) dialog: Well, now that you've had a nice, good cry, let's figure out how to get out of here? You're breathing like you just been fuckin. Calm down...close your mouth, and start breathing short breaths, through your nose. She does. The Bride continues in VO;
53) 3) dialog: That's a lot better. But you're still too agitated. Can you hear your heart? It's like I'm buried alive with Buddy Rich. Turn off that flashlight. Fear comes into her voice as she combats herself.
53) 4) dialog: No! I can't turn off the light. Yes you can. The darkness will have a calming effect. Now turn off that fucking light. She does. The screen goes Jet Black
54) 0) text: Budd and Ernie are finished filling the grave. The old coffin, with the body of Paula Schultz, in the back of th flatbed. Before they climb into the truck and drive away Budd lays a dozen red roses on The Bride's grave.
57) 4) dialog: What praytell, is a ten-point palm - exploding heart technique?
57) 6) text: Bill and The Bride, years earlier, driving in a jeep thro Page 120 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am the mountains of China, enroute to PAI MEI's
57) 7) dialog: Did he teach you that?
58) 0) text: The Bride sits in the jeep, by herself, parked in front o the Priest Pai Mei's home located high up on top of White Lotus Mountain. For over 100 years, his home used to be the temple of the White Lotus Clan, and he was the temple's head priest. Th temple served as a home to over 60 priests and disciples. now - the year 1990 - the White Lotus Clan is no more. Al the priests have died. All that remains, is a very old ma who once upon a time, some worshipped as a god and some feared as a devil...neither was wrong. A huge stone staircase of one hundred steps climb up a hi leading to Pei Mei's home. Bill climbs down to the jeep.
58) 2) dialog: Caught him in a good mood, aye?
58) 5) dialog: Why did he accept me?
58) 7) dialog: When will I see you again?
58) 9) dialog: What?
58) 11) dialog: When do you think that might be?
59) 0) text: The huge temple is exactly like it must have been a hundr years ago, except now it's empty and dusty. The Bride enters, She's winded from climbing up those fuc steps.
59) 1) dialog: (yelling) Hello! Her Voice ECHOES in the cavernous temple. PAI MEI's VOICE ECHOES back;
59) 3) dialog: (to herself) More stairs, Jesus Christ. The still unseen Man's voice BOOMS back;
60) 0) text: PAI MEI'S POV: We see through Pei Mei's pupils, through a sheer scarlet scrim that hangs down in front of his sitti area. The Bride enters the room. She approaches the old man, reaches the edge of his sitti area in front of the scrim, lowers to one knee and bows h head. * From here on end, whenever ENGLISH is spoken by The Bri or every once in awhile by Pai Mei, it will be spoken in ENGLISH IN LIVE SYNCH SOUND. However, whenever MANDARIN i supposedly spoken, it comes out of their mouths as DUBBED ENGLISH like in a 70's Shaw Brothers Chop Socky Flick.
60) 1) dialog: hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 123 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am Teacher, I am unworthy to be your student -- Pai Mei is still unseen.
60) 3) dialog: I speak Japanese very well --
60) 5) dialog: A little, I am still learning.
60) 9) dialog: Yes, he is.
60) 11) dialog: I am proficient in a combination of Tiger and Crane style. And I am more than proficient in the exquisite art of the Samurai Sword.
60) 15) dialog: I'm sorry master --
60) 18) dialog: No.
60) 20) dialog: Yes. Page 125 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
60) 22) dialog: 
60) 42) dialog: Yes!
60) 44) dialog: No please don't!
60) 46) dialog: Please don't cut my arm off!
60) 48) dialog: I can't!
60) 50) dialog: Yes!
60) 52) dialog: 
60) 54) dialog: Yes!!!
60) 58) dialog: 
60) 60) dialog: Yes.
61) 0) text: Pai Mei stands in front of a wood wall three inches in fr of him, His right fist is cocked back by his breastplate, he's concentrating on a certain spot on the wall. The Bride stands behind him, watching. He lets out a SCREAM, and puts his fist THROUGH THE WALL. He turns to the new student;
61) 2) dialog: I can, but not that close.
61) 4) dialog: I can put my hand through that at six inches.
62) 0) text: Both Pai Mei and The Bride sit at the dinner table. Pai M concentrates on eating. The Bride's hand is scraped blood She tries to eat a bowl of rice with chopsticks, but her fingers won't work. She puts down the sticks and takes a scoop of rice with her fingers. Pai Mei WHACKS her on top of her head with his stick.
63) 0) text: Pai Mei and The Bride stand at the edge of a large, round deep pit, dug in the earth (by the Bride).
63) 4) dialog: I acknowledge defeat at the paws of this rat. However, I will not eat this filthy vermin. What I will do. (she RIPS the rat open like a pomegranate ...is consume his victorious heart (she snatches the tiny heart from the rodent's carcass. Holding it between her fingers.) But tomorrow, you kill a big bird. She POPS the tiny rat heart in her mouth, and begins to c Pai Mei looking down on her, says;
63) 6) dialog: Bitter. We do a Shaw Brothers ZOOM into a CU on Pai Mei, he gives an affirmative NOD and GRUNT. The BRIDE'S FIST goes through the wall.
63) 7) dialog: (to herself) Wow!
64) 5) dialog: I did it teacher. I put my fist through the wall. PAI MEI and the BRIDE looking at the hole in the wall.
64) 8) dialog: I think you watching is making me nervous.
64) 13) dialog: Thank you teacher -- He just as immediately, lifts her back up.
65) 0) text: A SHOT straight out of an Italian horror film. We see the tombstone of "PAULA SCHULTZ," and the mound of dirt over grave. WHEN... The Bride's hand breaks the surface...then like one of Fulci's Zombies, Claws, Digs, and Pulls herself from moth earth's womb. Once extracted from her (almost) final resting place, she rolls over on her back, exhausted. She drinks in the nigh air as if it were gulps of water. DIRT is in, on, and under every crack, crevice, and wrink on her body. SHE looks like a beautiful sculpture, made out of dirt. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 137 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
66) 1) text: Through the picture window, we see the Bride, emerge from Texas night, and walk towards the diner looking for all t world like a six-foot tall female version of the Peanuts character "PIG PEN." With each of her footfalls, a smalle mushroom cloud of dust comes off her. The dirty blonde, walks into the diner, sits on a stool a the counter directly across from the Soda Jerk, and says;
66) 2) dialog: I'd like a glass of water. FADE TO BLACK.
68) 33) dialog: Here.
69) 1) text: The dirty BLONDE BRIDE behind the wheel of her new, enorm red pickup truck, HEADING RIGHT FOR HER... CU The BRIDE behind the wheel, HEADING RIGHT FOR HER...VEGEANCE THEME PLAYS ON SOUNDTRACK.
71) 0) text: Elle crawls from the wreckage of the Trans Am, holding th Hanzo sword, looking like she's just been in a car wreck A cut on her head makes blood run down the side of her fa Luckily for her, not the side with the good eye. The camper door swings open. The Bride emerges from Budd' home, looking like a Barbie doll that's been dug up after years buried in the backyard, carrying a Hanzo sword. Eve footfall creating a cloud of dust. The two women, each carrying a samurai sword, face each o in showdown position. A shark smile spreads across Elle's face.
71) 2) dialog: You thought wrong. The Bride unsheaths her sword with great flourish. Elle does the same.
71) 4) dialog: Budd's Hanzo sword.
71) 6) dialog: Guess that makes him a liar, don't it? Without raising their swords into position, the two blond warriors circle each other.
71) 7) dialog: (question) Elle?
71) 9) dialog: I was wondering, just 'tween us girls, what did you say to Pai Mei for him to snatch out your eye?
71) 12) dialog: Oooh, not so good. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am Page 147 of 185 Kill Bill Elle nods 08/10/03 11:20 am
71) 14) dialog: One more question?
71) 16) dialog: Where's Bill?
71) 18) dialog: Gulf of Mexico? her head 'yes.'
71) 19) dialog: You wouldn't lie to me now?
71) 21) dialog: I saw what you did to that little Mamba in there. Want to try that on somebody your own size?
71) 23) dialog: Oh Elle, I should warn you before we get started. Hattori Hanzo swords are extremely sharp. They can take a little getting used to. Page 148 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am Careful not to cut your own arm off.
71) 25) dialog: You're gonna bleed though, you're gonna bleed a lot. THEN... SPAGHETTI WESTERN MUSIC EXPLODES ON THE SOUNDTRACK. The two blonde warriors....swords in position circle each other....but instead move forward closer to each other....one baby step at a time... no longer closer and
71) 30) text: The Bride standing, Elle on her knees, the desert surroun them. The BRIDE putting a shovel down.
71) 31) text: The Bride has finished burying Elle. She sticks a jerry rigged wood cross in the ground as a marker. Then using h sog;
72) 0) text: Bill on the patio of his beautiful hacienda home (named V Quatro) located on the beach in Mexico. At the moment Bil partaking of his current hobby...... Flower Arranging. With his hands among various flowers of BRIGHT COLORS, he sorts and prunes a very pretty arrangement. EX CU the BRIDE'S EYE ...-watching.... Bill's Mexican housekeeper, JOSEPHINA, appears on the pat
73) 0) text: The institution is not Spanish in style, but on the contr it's a clinical new-age box-like structure made up of cle glass doors and walls and the color beige. Bill walks through the glass doors, to a lone Asian FEMAL RECEPTIONIST, her desk is the only furniture in the lobby JAPANESE he explains to her his reason for being there. EX CU The BRIDE'S EYE ..watching...we now leave any shot of Bill not from the Bride's perspective. The SUSPENSE THEME is STRETCHED TIGH and TIGHTER as we look through the Bride's POV and listen her VO;
73) 1) dialog: The attentive audience members among you will have probably noticed, that all my kills have been straight up fights. The Bride's POV: The Glass-enclosed Institution, and Bill standing by himself in the empty lobby. THE BRIDE (V.O. Y'all figured I'd face him with my Hanzo sword, aye? Well, I figured Bill figured the same thing. I am the product of three godfathers. Bill, Pai Mei, and Hattori Hanzo. Different teachers teach you different things. But one thing I learned from all three, was "in combat, the opponent that does the unexpected, can usually expect to be the victor." Bill would never hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 153 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am see this coming. Not from me. And least any of you judge me a bushwhacker, remember...It was Bill who taught me how to shoot. As the Bride has said these things, WE'VE seen INSERTS of putting together her high-powered scope rifle. Snapping o the scope sight. Setting the FOCUS through the CROSSHAIRS Loading the heavy-duty AMMO. Curling her long white finge around the rifle's TRIGGER. SCOPE SIGHT POV: Bill's head in between the Crosshairs SUSPENSE THEME is STRETCHED TIGHTER STILL...it will soon break.
73) 2) text: looking through the Institution's glass wall. The elevato the lobby opens...and A LITTLE GIRL steps out, and runs i Bill's arms. A LITTLE GIRL about five years old. A FIVE-Y OLD LITTLE GIRL with blonde hair. Bill picks up the Littl Girl and lifts her HEAD into the CROSSHAIRS of the SCOPE SIGHT. SUSPENSE THEME SNAPS into an OPERATIC WAIL... EX CU: The Bride's finger, pops off the trigger EX CU: The Bride's eye, A HUGE TEAR FALLS OUT...We move o of the eyeball, into a MEDIUM CU of The Bride, tears fall down her face...She can't believe what she's looking at...that's her daughter...She's alive... Her REMEMBERING THEME PLAYS...
76) 0) text: The Bride behind the wheel of the convertible, blonde hair whipping in the wind, talks to Bill for the time in five years and six months.
76) 1) dialog: Hello Bill.
76) 3) dialog: Oh, it's me all right.
76) 5) dialog: My pussy wagon died on me. Who's your little friend? He glances down at the sleeping child.
76) 7) dialog: Yeah, that one.
76) 9) dialog: http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am Page 155 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
76) 11) dialog: Yes. Can she hear us?
76) 13) dialog: How old is she?
76) 15) dialog: How many years has she been alive?
76) 17) dialog: Is she five?
76) 19) dialog: I did and I do. (pause) I want to meet her.
76) 21) dialog: What do you mean? hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 156 of Kill Bill The EXACT
76) 24) dialog: (confused) What have you told her about me?
76) 26) dialog: which one?
76) 29) dialog: You know, prettier photos of me do exist.
76) 31) dialog: Yes. Page 157 of 185 Kill Bill Pause... 08/10/03 11:20 am -The cars get closer...
76) 32) dialog: When do we cross swords?
76) 34) dialog: Do me a courtesy?
76) 36) dialog: Slow down as we pass another look at her.
76) 39) dialog: I have a dress all picked out.
76) 41) dialog: You said I looked beautiful last time you saw me in it. Page 158 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
76) 43) dialog: You fucking maricone! Bill on his cell, eyes on rearview.
76) 45) dialog: Did she wake up?
78) 0) text: The Bride's on the phone, calling Japan, in tears.
78) 1) dialog: Hattori!
78) 3) dialog: She's alive! My baby girl's alive!
80) 2) dialog: Hello Manny. She FIRES...Then moves further into the house. Apparently, this is the do-the-unexpected part of her pla Fuck the charade, storm the camp, kill everyone she comes across, send Bill to hell, scoop up her daughter, and hea for parts unknown. So far, so good. She enters the butcher block kitchen, and finds Bill's co and housekeeper, Josephina. Josephina stares at the shotgun barrel pointed at her.
80) 3) dialog: Hello Josephina.
80) 5) dialog: Stay in here and don't come out. If you leave this room I'll shoot you, comprende?
80) 17) dialog: Oh, B.B., you got me. I should have known, you are the best. She falls to the floor and pretends to die. The little girl in her party dress, runs over to the big in her wedding dress, and kneels over her mommy. Mommy opens her eyes. B.B. Don't die Mommy, I was just playing. From the floor, looking up at her daughter, she speaks to for the first time.
80) 19) dialog: Every single night, baby. She holds her daughter out at arm's length to get a bette look at her.
80) 20) dialog: Now let me look at you. My my my... What a pretty girl you are. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 164 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am B.B. You're pretty too, Mommy. B.B, starts stroking her mother's long blonde hair.
80) 21) dialog: Thank you. All of a sudden, Bill has joined them on the floor.
82) 2) dialog: It took her a little bit. She was excited. She's quite the little chatterbox.
82) 9) dialog: Who would of ever thought you'd be such a good father?
82) 11) dialog: Must we have to endure your little zingers? 08/10/03 11:20 am with red. Page 173 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
82) 13) dialog: Baby, you don't have a future. Bill drinks some wine.
82) 15) dialog: Why do you think I hid?
82) 17) dialog: No. The Bride decides to tell all. As she tells this story, p will be shown on the screen. To give herself a running start with the story she starts off in Japanese;
82) 18) dialog: You sent me to L.A. to kill that lady scoundrel, Lisa Wong. Bill interrupts her. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 174 of Kill Bill The Bride http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am
82) 20) dialog: What the hell do you care what I talk in? Don't you know when to keep your mouth shut? I'm trying to tell you what you want to know, if you'll just shut up and listen and stop talking! Now may I continue?
82) 22) dialog: The morning I left, I threw up. I don't feel like speaking in Japanese anymore - on the plane, I threw up. When I got to my hotel, I threw up. So naturally I started thinking, maybe I might be pregnant. So I bought one of those home pregnancy kits. Went back to my room and took the test. The little strip said blue. I was going to have a baby. I tried to call you, but you weren't there, so I just thought I'd call back later.
82) 24) dialog: - Would you shut up, I'm trying to tell you how I feel.
82) 26) dialog: So I just figured I'd call you back later. I was just so happy, I put on music and danced by myself in the hotel suite, holding my little blue strip. What I didn't know, was at some leg of my journey, I was spotted. With me in Los Angeles it didn't take Lisa Wong long to figure out someone put a hit out on her. So Page 175 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am she sent an assassin of her own to kill me in my hotel room. As I was dancing in euphoria, the killer came down the hall. There's a knock on the hotel room door. The Bride stops dancing and goes to the door's peephole. PEEPHOLE POV: A pretty KOREAN WOMAN in the blazer and ski outfit of a hotel manager. She's holding a basket of flow The Bride says through the door;
82) 27) dialog: Hello, can I help you?
82) 29) dialog: Oh, it's beautiful. But I'm kinda busy at this second, could you possibly come back later? As she talks, she accidentally drops the blue strip, she bends down to pick it up... WHEN... A SHOTGUN BLAST BLOWS A HOLE in the door, right where the bent over woman was previously standing. Karen kicks open the door, Pump Action Shotgun in hand. The Bride's on her back, on the floor below her. Karen aims the shotgun down at her. With her foot, The Bride kicks the front door. It SLAMS BACK HITTING Karen in the face. The Bride scrambles to her feet, running for cover. Karen pushes the door aside, steps into the room, and FIR the shotgun The Bride's way. The Bride DIVES out of the way. The BLAST DESTROYS the side of the room it HITS. The Bride comes up from the floor with her SOG in her han and THROWS IT across the room at Karen... Karen BLOCKS the thrown knife with her shotgun. The blade hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 176 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am sticking in the weapon's wooden stock. She removes the kn and drops it to the floor. The Bride is a sitting duck. There's nothing she can do except wait to get shot.
82) 31) dialog: Wait a second! Karen stops.
82) 32) dialog: Yes, I'm an assassin. Yes I did come here to kill your sister. But I'm not gonna do that now.
82) 34) dialog: - listen to me! I just found out right now - not two minutes before you blew a hole in the door, I'm pregnant. Karen looks at her, "what?". http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
82) 35) dialog: On that table is the home pregnancy kit. On the floor by the door is the strip that says I'm pregnant. I'm telling you the truth, I don't want to and I won't kill your sister. I just want to go home.
82) 37) dialog: Any other time you'd be a hundred percent right. But this time you're Page 177 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am a hundred percent wrong. I'm the deadliest woman in the world, but right now I'm scared shitless for my baby. Please, you hafta believe me. Look at the strip, it's on the floor. Karen looks over to the door, and sees the tiny strip on floor.
82) 39) dialog: Blue means pregnant.
82) 42) dialog: Just go home. I'll do the same. Karen does...She starts backing out of the room...before leaves, she says;
82) 45) dialog: Facing Karen Wong, was the most frightening moment I have ever experienced. And that includes three years with that evil bastard Pai Mei. Before that strip turned blue, I was a woman, I was your woman. I was a killer, who killed for you. Before that strip turned blue, I would have jumped a Page 178 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am motorcycle on to a speeding train ..for you. But once that strip turned blue, I could no longer do any of those things. Not anymore. Because now I was a mother. A mother who only had one thought on her mind. Please don't harm my baby. Can you understand that?
82) 47) dialog: You wouldn't have let me go. Specially once you found out I was pregnant. You would've tried to talk me out of it. It would have been a big scene. I just said fuck it. Starting to get mad. She takes turn. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
82) 49) dialog: Bill, you couldn't know I was pregnant, once you knew, you'd claim it, and I didn't want that.
82) 51) dialog: Yes, but it's the right decision. And I made it for my daughter. Everybody on this earth deserves to start with a clean slate. But with us - my daughter would be born into a world she shouldn't be. Robbing her of the one thing everybody deserves. She would be born with blood stains. I had to choose. I chose her. a sip of wine. It's morning now. And now it's her
82) 52) dialog: You know five years ago, if I had to make a list of impossible things that could never happen. Page 179 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am You performing a coup de grace on me by bustin a cap in my crown would be right at the top of the list. (beat) I'd've been wrong, wouldn't I? Bill listens stoney, then; The Bride
82) 54) dialog: Well?
82) 56) dialog: Explain yourself.
82) 58) dialog: You call that an explanation?
82) 60) dialog: You and I have unfinished business. Page 180 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
82) 63) dialog: Yes.
82) 65) dialog: I figured.
82) 68) dialog: It won't be necessary for you to give me anything. I've surpassed you. I'll take it.
83) 0) text: As the blue waves of the Gulf of Mexico crash on the beac The Bride in her bridal gown, and Bill, his tuxedo jacket off, face each other in a combat stance. The BRIDE Breeze blowing her blonde hair, holding her Hanzo sword i its sheath. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 181 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
83) 3) text: The two combatants...quite far from each other...they int to charge/attack...stand in showdown stance. The BRIDE The VENGEANCE THEME EXPLODES ON THE SOUNDTRACK. She takes her combat stance. But what she doesn't do is remove her sword from its wood sheath. The fist of her le hand is wrapped around the wood sheath's center. Her righ empty hand, raises and makes a beckoning gesture to Bill Then with a face completely devoid of emotion, says in Japanese;
83) 4) dialog: Attack me. She's facing him, sword in sheath, hand far from handle, standing still position, not moving a muscle of blinking eye, staring her laser beams in Bill's direction waiting his attack. He stands in a combat position, sword raises in a combat grip, to charge her.
83) 10) dialog: Of course he did.
83) 12) dialog: I don't know...Because...I'm a...bad person. He smiles at her duplicitly, and says with blood on his l
84) 0) text: The Bride is on the floor of the motel room bathroom, cry her eyes out. She shoves a towel in her mouth so B.B. won't hear her. We wonder for a moment what's wrong... Till we see her face in CU... Her tears are tears of joy. She can't believe this is even happening. Her daughter is alive. They're together. They get to begi again. She covers her mouth so B.B. won't hear her crying and ge worried or confused. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 184 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am But as the deadliest woman on the planet, lies on the mot room bathroom floor, smile on her face, twinkle in her ey happier than she's ever been, she thinks one thought. Ove and over again.... Thank you god...thank you god...thank you god...thank you god. She washes her face in the sink, when she's presentable, walks out of the bathroom, jumps on the bed with her baby hugs her from behind as the two watch Saturday morning cartoons.