3) 24) dialog: Yes and no. Bill got in touch with me right after you woke up, and then again a little later after your episode in Japan. (pause) So I suppose it's a little late for a apology, huh?
3) 26) dialog: Even if I was sincere?
3) 28) dialog: Look bitch, I need to know if you're gonna start anymore shit around my baby girl!
3) 30) dialog: That's being more rational than Bill led me to believe you were capable of.
3) 33) dialog: 
3) 36) dialog: Look...I know I fucked you over. I fucked you over bad. I wish to God I hadn't, but I did. The blonde listens to the black woman with a poker face.
3) 37) dialog: If I could go back in a machine I would, but I can't. All I can tell you is I'm a different person now.
3) 39) dialog: Be that as it may, I know I do not deserve mercy or forgiveness. However, I beseech you for both on behalf of my daughter.
3) 42) dialog: You have every right to wanna get even --
3) 44) dialog: When do we do this?
3) 46) dialog: How bout tonight, bitch?
3) 48) dialog: There's a baseball diamond where our little league has its games about a mile from here. We meet there around two-thirty in the morning, dressed all in black, your hair in a black stocking, and we have us a knife fight, we won't be bothered. I have to fix Nikki's cereal. As they continue to talk, Vernita pulls down a cereal bow for her daughter and lays it on the kitchen counter.
3) 50) dialog: Fuck you, bitch, I know he didn't qualify it, so you can just kiss my motherfuckin ass, Black Mamba. (snorts to herself) Black Mamba, I shoulda been motherfuckin Black Mamba. As the two females continue to talk, Vernita reaches her inside the cereal box.
3) 52) dialog: Very funny. Vernita FIRES A GUN from inside the cereal box at The Bride.... ++... The bullet explodes out of the cardboard box, and H the coffee mugh directly in front of The Bride, BLOWING I SMITHEREENS. The Bride THROWS HERSELF ON THE FLOOR.... Vernita pulls the gun out of the cereal box and FIREES again... ...The bullet HITS THE FLOOR of the tiny kitchen... ...The Bride moves under the kitchen table, then using he back, LIFTS THE TABLE OFF THE GROUND, RAMMING IT STRAIGHT INTO Vernita, pinning her flat up against the table top, http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 13 of Kill Bill the kitchen counter. While her left hand holds the table, her right hand goes the SOG on her belt, her fingers wrap around the blade's grip, lifting it up out of the sheath and PLUNGING IT THR THE TABLE TOP up to the handle, with all the SOG's steel entering Vernita's abdomen. The table falls back to the floor with the dying homemake pinned to it. The two former colleagues meet eyes.
3) 53) dialog: Sorry, bout the bushwhack. Please don't...
4) 2) dialog: 
15) 14) dialog: as
33) 30) text: The Bride entering her yellow pickup truck parked in front of Vernita's house.