1) 1) text: A huge New York audience is packed into a magnificent Art Deco theatre watching ‘Way Out West’. As LAUREL and HARDY continue the dance on screen the audience howls, rows and rows of faces full of laughter.
2) 0) text: CLOSE UP: LAUREL and HARDY sitting together on a train, swaying gently with the motion of the carriage as they sp through the English countryside. Sixteen years have passe since we last saw them, and it’s a shock to suddenly see so old and tired, neither seemingly in the best of health LAUREL is much more skinny, whilst HARDY is heavier than - now nearly three hundred pounds. Caption England, 1953 HARDY’S mind is pleasantly blank. LAUREL, ever-industriou reads a script, marking it with his pen. Finally, LAUREL turns to HARDY: Stan and Ollie - Locked White Shooting Script 22.02.17 1
5) 1) text: To establish a small, shabby guest house in the shadow of smog-shrouded Tyne Bridge. The street is deserted as a ta pulls up outside and LAUREL and HARDY get out. HARDY look the guest house then turns to LAUREL, his expression betraying his thoughts. ‘Is this it?’ Theatre impresario Bernard DELFONT, dapper, 40s - the boys’ tour promoter - emerges from the guest house arms outstretched:
6) 1) text: A female RECEPTIONIST, mid-30s, watches as the front door opens, allowing in smog LAUREL and HARDY, HARDY whilst LAUREL struggles the golf clubs over his It's a pre-arranged bit and shows how they love from outside. Through this enters carrying just the small valise, with the big trunk and other case, shoulder (as if he’s Hardy’s lackey). of business they like to do in hotels to ‘perform’, no matter how small the audience (in this case just one person - the RECEPTIONIST HARDY pompously places his valise on the desk; LAUREL hea the other luggage behind him and - giving the RECEPTIONIS smile - presses the bell for attention. HARDY looks at hi ‘irritated’. When LAUREL rings it again he slaps his hand Stan and Ollie - Blue Revisions 24.03.17 15 LAUREL slaps back HARDY’S hand, they squabble, HARDY give LAUREL a push, LAUREL gives HARDY a push back and he near falls over the trunk which LAUREL has left behind him. He kicks it away angrily. LAUREL rings the bell again and no HARDY pulls the bell away. LAUREL looks at him, blankly ‘confused’. HARDY sighs, gestures to the RECEPTIONIST.
7) 0) text: There are no Bell Boys. LAUREL and HARDY struggle along a corridor to their rooms, HARDY - now with the golf clubs his shoulder - dragging his heavy trunk behind him. LAURE stops by his door and, as he unlocks it, turns to HARDY w is in the room opposite. Stan and Ollie - Blue Revisions 24.03.17 16A
11) 0) text: Opening night. LAUREL and HARDY are in costume, preparing go on. HARDY sits himself on a hospital bed and a stage h (BILLY BRADY, 20s) encases his leg in an oversized plaste cast. LAUREL glances through a crack in the curtain and, worried, sees the house is barely half full. BRADY attach cable to HARDY’S plaster cast and starts to hoist it up l it’s in traction. BRADY glances over to LAUREL and sees h going through his pre-show ritual of checking his cuffs a held in place by paper clips, and that there are no heels his boots. BRADY plucks up the courage to talk to him:
11) 29) text: Helped by BRADY and another STAGE HAND, LAUREL and HARDY who winces as he jars his knee - do a quick change into t crumpled suits and Bowler hats, ready for the finale.
12) 0) text: LAUREL and HARDY puff and blow as they clamber up a long staircase carrying their luggage. HARDY, golf clubs again over his shoulder, drags the heavy trunk behind him.
15) 6) dialog: (Smiling politely) Good afternoon. Out on the ELDERLY COUPLE’S astonished expressions. UNDER this we hear...
16) 12) dialog: (Singing) Oh, Shine on, shine on, harvest moon Up in the sky... I ain't had no lovin' (MORE )
16) 14) dialog: Since January, February, June or July Snow time ain't no time to stay Outdoors and spoon Shine on, shine on, harvest moon For me and my gal... Enthusiastic applause; they go into their ‘bowing routine (ending with them banging heads in the middle). They get laughs, but we see how pale and sweaty HARDY is - the physical demands of this type of touring taking a toll. 25 Stan and Ollie - Locked White Shooting Script 22.02.17 36
17) 0) text: That evening. LAUREL and HARDY, glum and apprehensive aft another poorly attended show, sit in a corner booth with DELFONT, who tucks into a pub meal of sausage and mash. LAUREL and HARDY don’t eat but have pints of beer in fron them and both smoke heavily, a thick haze hanging over th booth. Nothing is said until, finally, DELFONT finishes h last mouthful and dabs vigorously at his mouth with a nap
18) 0) text: BLACK AND WHITE NEWSREEL FOOTAGE: On a freezing cold day, good-sized crowd has gathered to watch LAUREL and HARDY p for some shots with local PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS. The boys a wearing uniforms of white overalls and black peaked caps scarves wrapped round their necks to keep them warm, and are surrounded by young SCHOOL CHILDREN.
25) 1) text: Another PA - PHOTOGRAPHERS snap away as LAUREL and HARDY, each with a conductor’s ticket machine strapped to his ch Manually wind out tickets from their machines for PASSENG boarding a trolley-bus. Inevitably LAUREL winds out a tic hands it to HARDY and he accepts it - before realising wh it is and - to laughs - angrily screwing it up and throwi it away.
27) 1) text: As LAUREL and HARDY come offstage to huge applause, dripp with sweat, they turn to each other and from their expressions they know that tonight has gone well. Really well. DELFONT is in the wings waiting for them.
28) 0) text: LAUREL and HARDY read from scripts as they rehearse some lines from the movie.
39) 0) text: Late afternoon now. LAUREL and HARDY, each glum for diffe reasons, smoke cigarettes as they wait outside the hotel the taxi rank. The boys savour deep puffs, as if their la HARDY’S attention is caught by a NEWSREEL CREW setting up cover the entrance. He looks puzzled...
46) 4) dialog: In the blue ridge mountains of Virginia On the trail of the lonesome pine In the pale moon shine our hearts entwine Where she carved her name and I carved mine Oh, June like the mountains I'm blue like the pine I am lonesome for you In the blue ridge mountains of Virginia On the trail of the lonesome pine Suddenly LAUREL hogs the vocal, singing in such an imposs deep voice that HARDY is put off:
50) 1) text: LAUREL and HARDY and LUCILLE and IDA approach the bar, HA still trying to calm LUCILLE down:
52) 0) text: A classic 50s holiday camp. HOLIDAYMAKERS sit round a poo on the grass eating sandwiches. An open-air stage has bee set up in front of the pool, a little band to one side. A banner tells us a ‘Bathing Beauty Contest’ will be judged person’ by ‘Laurel and Hardy’. The turn-out is impressive
54) 0) text: But now, in public, LAUREL and HARDY are a picture of (on stage) friendship and togetherness, seated at the judge’s table as a line up of BATHING BEAUTIES files past them. Slipping into stage ‘business’ with practised ease, HARDY does a lot of simpering and twiddling of his tie to the GIRLS; but when LAUREL does a goofy smile and waves to on them an ‘annoyed’ HARDY slaps him down. Laughter - it all seems to be going well.
55) 0) text: Late afternoon, the sun starting to set. LAUREL and HARDY to the side of the stage, at the bottom of some steps, ou view of the audience - and once again ignoring each other stage PHOTOGRAPHERS snap away as the three beauty contest FINALISTS parade for the crowd. Eventually:
64) 12) text: And there are LAUREL and HARDY, standing on one end of a across a river running through the forest, attempting to cross. ROBIN HOOD blocks their way. HARDY is dressed as ‘Friar Hardy’ in a cassock, his hair in a monk’s tonsure; LAUREL is standing next to him, as ‘Stanley-A-Dale’ with feather in his hat. Again it’s the ‘Robin Hood’ movie tha didn’t happen, brought to life in Laurel’s imagination.
69) 8) text: LAUREL and HARDY face each other over the doorstep. Final HARDY speaks: Stan and Ollie - Pink Revisions 17.03.17 94a
78) 1) text: LAUREL and HARDY, helped by their DRESSERS, hurriedly cha into their battered suits and Bowlers for the finale. Out there is clapping, cheering and whistling. As they wait i the wings, ready to go on, LAUREL is concerned with how exhausted HARDY looks - drenched in sweat, breathless fro the effort he’s put in already, struggling to even get on jacket.