11) 0) text: Peggy sits on the vinyl exam table reading a pamphlet, "I Your Wedding Night". Following a knock on the door, DR. EMERSON, early forties, enters with a clipboard under his arm.
11) 1) dialog: (reading chart) So, you must be Peggy Olson. Joan Holloway sent you over. She's a great girl. How is Joan?
11) 3) dialog: She's a lot of fun. It must be a scream to work with her.
11) 5) dialog: Try to make yourself comfortable and relax. Dr. Emerson nods towards the stirrups. Peggy leans back a stares up at the acoustic tile. Dr. Emerson adjusts the reflector on his forehead and begins to palpate Peggy's stomach.
11) 6) dialog: I see from your chart and your finger, you're not married.
11) 10) dialog: And yet you're interested in the contraceptive pills?
11) 12) dialog: No reason to be nervous. Joan sent you to me because I'm not here to judge you. There's nothing wrong with a woman being practical about the possibility of sexual activity. Spread your knees.
11) 14) dialog: Of course, as a doctor, one would like to think that putting a woman in this situation, it's not going to turn her into some kind of strumpet. Slide your fanny towards me. I'm not going to bite. Peggy winces as he inserts the speculum.
11) 15) dialog: I'll warn you now, I will take you off this medicine if you abuse it. Peggy looks towards him but is blinded by the light on hi forehead. All she hears is his disembodied voice.
11) 16) dialog: It's really for your own good, but the fact is, even in our modern times, easy women don't find husbands.
11) 18) dialog: I'm sure you're not that kind of girl. Now, Joan... (he laughs) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
11) 21) dialog: I'm kidding along here. You can get dressed. Peggy starts to awkwardly put her clothes on, turning her back to the Doctor.
11) 22) dialog: I'm going to write you a prescription for Enovid. They're eleven dollars a month. But don't think you have to go out and become the town pump to get your money's worth. Excuse my French. Peggy smiles politely and takes the prescription.