0) 3) dialog: 
1) 5) dialog: 
1) 9) dialog: Wake up Daddy.
2) 5) dialog: When's she going to get back?
2) 9) dialog: She's going to be thirsty?
4) 15) dialog: I don't like it...
4) 26) dialog: Lepers don't use spoons.
4) 33) dialog: Five.
6) 7) dialog: I love you.
12) 3) text: Frankie, steps out of her line of pre-kindergarteners to if her parents are in the bleachers. She spots her father jumps a little, and wonders if he can see her.    (CONTINUED)
12) 6) text: Cindy arrives with haste, purse open, holding a big set o keys in her right hand and a water bottle in her left. Sh props her sunglasses on her head, looks around for Franki She waves to her, but Frankie doesn't see her. 
12) 34) text: Frankie sees her Mother and Father huddled together. She  sings louder.  
13) 1) text: Cindy sits in her car, checking her eyes in the rear view mirror. They are puffy. Frankie runs full speed into Dean arms. He picks her up and walks her to Cindy's car.  DEAN
13) 2) text: You were great.  FRANKIE
13) 5) text: Frankie nods. Dean gets her to the car. Straps her in.  DEAN (CONT'D)
13) 6) text: I was thinking...you should have some fun tonight1 Don't you think?  FRANKIE
14) 1) text: The door opens to a grandpa in shorts and a bathrobe wear navy scuba gear, JERRY HELLER - early 70's. He has a tube under his nose attached to an oxygen tank. His porch and front yard are overloaded with Fourth of July decorations  FRANKIE
14) 3) text: Jerry growls at Frankie. She screams, scared but delighte yapping dog named SAMMY jumps on her. Jerry nods at Dean keeps his distance by the van.  CINDY
14) 9) text: Cindy gives Dean a slow look of contempt, grabs the backp and walks toward the house. Jerry stands over the hose sp with Frankie at his side.  JERRY
14) 11) text: The sprinkler jets on. Cindy comes up and kisses her dad the cheek. She straightens Frankie's ears.  CINDY
14) 13) text: Jerry holds Frankie back.     (CONTINUED)
14) 16) text: Frankie runs to Dean, dodging the water stream. She hugs leg. He picks her up.  DEAN
14) 17) text: Hey leopard. You be good now. You remember what to do when Pa snores?  FRANKIE
14) 22) text: Dean and Cindy both laugh. Their eyes meet for the first in days, maybe weeks. They exchange a brief smile, filled with mutual love, pride and respect - connected by their little girl. Frankie stands in front of Cindy, water drip from her bangs.  CINDY
14) 23) text: Come on silly. Let's go in and get dry.  FRANKIE
14) 26) text: Cindy leads Frankie with one hand and pulls Jerry's oxyge tank with the other. Jerry takes Frankie's free hand. 
27) 30) text: OUTSIDE - Dean sits in Frankie's little rocking chair, smoking a cigarette. He looks out over his lawn. - Picks frozen dog poop with a little shovel, rinses out Megan's bowls with the hose. - He watches Cindy inside, cleaning. looks at his house. Remembers something. 
27) 32) text: He comes in through the sliding glass door and steps over Cindy who is on the floor picking up Frankie's Hotwheels. yanks open a junk drawer and pulls out items.  DEAN
31) 35) text: Frankie. 
54) 1) text: Did Pa make you something to eat yet? ...Frankie? ...What'd you and Pa eat? ...Was it cooked all the way through? No pink in there? ... 
56) 1) text: Dean paces, improvising a bedtime story. It comes from th well of creativity in him. Frankie loves to hear him talk And he loves to make her happy. He finishes. She is happy  DEAN
74) 13) text: Good. How did Frankie sound?   DEAN
75) 42) text: Do I repulse you that much? I'm good to you. I'm good to Frankie. I deserve a little affection. Do you want me to stop loving you? Do you want me to fuck other women? Do you want me to beat you?  CINDY
108) 27) text: Frankie's fine... 
109) 15) text: You give it all to them. All these people who don't give a shit about you. They get the beautiful version of you. What does your family get? Nothing. You come home and you're empty. You think I don't notice? You think Frankie doesn't notice? Her mom walking around like a ghost?  CINDY
118) 1) text: The front door bursts open and Frankie, still in her leop costume, charges down the walkway.  FRANKIE
118) 3) text: Cindy's car sits in the driveway. Cindy gets out, grabs h suitcase. Jerry emerges from the house. Cindy kneels down hugs Frankie. She is electricity in her arms.  CINDY
118) 6) text: Frankie doesn't answer and squirms out of Cindy's arms. S runs to Dean who gets out of the car like a wounded soldi  DEAN
118) 8) text: Frankie leaps into Dean's arms. Cindy walks up to the hou  CINDY
118) 9) text: How was Frankie?  JERRY
118) 13) text: DEAN (holding Frankie) I can't play right now, okay? 
120) 2) text: In the backyard, Frankie makes herself dizzy by twirling. Jerry cranes his neck to look into the window of his hous  CINDY
124) 1) text: In THE KITCHEN, Frankie climbs in through the old dog doo She sees her father kneeling on the floor at her mother's feet. Perplexed, she pulls at her bottom lip with her fin Cindy releases herself from Dean's grip and goes to her suitcase. She carries it up the stairs. 
126) 3) text: Dean is defeated. He sits back against the cupboards and hangs his head down low between his knees. Frankie touche his shoulders. She gives him a massage.  FRANKIE
126) 5) text: Dean looks up. He has tears in his eyes. Frankie touches as it streams down his face.  FRANKIE (CONT'D)
126) 8) text: Dean can't answer. Frankie slides a chair over to the sin She steps up and fills the glass with water. Balancing it still, she brings it to Dean. She takes a sip and hands t glass to him. He drinks.  DEAN
126) 13) text: Dean stands and picks up Frankie. He walks to Cindy and h her over. 
128) 1) text: Frankie tries to squirm out of her mother's arms.  FRANKIE
128) 4) text: Cindy sets Frankie down and she runs out the door. Jerry catches the little girl by the arm and holds her tight. 
128) 6) text: FRANKIE (SCREAMS) (cont'd) Daddy! 
128) 9) text: Jerry releases her and Frankie runs fast to Dean. She jum at him to go into his arms. He doesn't pick her up. From porch Cindy and Jerry watch Dean as he points to them. Frankie doesn't move. Dean yells for her to go back. Fran heads back to her mother, confused. Cindy kneels down and takes her in her arms. 