1) 0) text: A HAND punching a CARD into the huge, ticking TIME CLOCK the wall: 7:00 a.m. PULL BACK TO REVEAL - A bleary-eyed MALE NURSE beginning his day. Alone inside a small wood and glass cubicle, he rips off yesterday's day-at-a-time calendar page, reveali today's date: October 11, 1931. Goes to the Victrola inside the cubicle. Cranks the turnt up to speed. Puts the huge needle down on a spinning 78: hear the song crackling through the empty halls of the hospital -- depression-era Muzak: Horace Heidt & His Musi Knight's "Keep Your Sunny Side Up" The Nurse sharpens the last of a half-dozen pencils to ne points, sits down at his desk, and begins the tedium of jotting entries into a tall stack of Patient Records. Beat. And then he hears a soft, almost paw-like tapping o the glass. He looks up: a PATIENT with a heavily bandaged head is standing there, his eyes as dull and lifeless as marbles. The Nurse waves the Patient away. Goes back to his work. Beat. And then the tapping is heard again. The Nurse snap his head up, about to bark at the man -- but the words st dead on his tongue: Standing on the other side of the glass are now two dozen patients. Likewise bandaged, staring silent and dead-eyed him. Unnerved, the Nurse's finger slowly stretches towards a buzzer-button just below the desk-top. It never makes it. Because -- A HAND - lashes into frame and grabs the Nurse's fingers. Nurse looks up. In addition to the mass of Patients outside the cubicle, there are now six of them inside it, surrounding him. The Nurse's eyes shoot to the still-locked doors of the cubic and he utters one confused word --
1) 1) dialog: -- how -- ? -- and then someone rams all six of his needle-sharp penc eraser-deep into his throat. The Nurse gurgles and staggers -- falls back against the Victrola, hitting the turntable crank as he goes down, causing it to start spinning like a pinwheel. "Keep Your Sunny Side Up" now blares through the halls tr time, sounding like a thousand manic chipmunks. And to th beat of that tune, the Patients smash the CONTROL PANEL inside the cubicle until it shorts-out and explodes! Whic pops open
5) 0) text: -- two people in surgical scrubs: the moustached Doctor named VANNACUTT and a FEMALE NURSE wielding a 16mm camera the two whip around, startled by the shouts, we see the object of their ministrations: A PATIENT on a gurney bein filmed as his internal organs are slowly and methodically extracted -- while still alive. And then all hell breaks loose as the WOLF PACK descends: DR. VANNACUTT manages to yank down a LEVER on the wall labeled "Lockdown" before he's swallowed by the Mob; From somewhere in the house, we hear heavy gear, cables a doors loudly shutting down the house. The NURSE is clubbed to the floor with her own camera. An amidst all the vengeful shouts and wails, a curious thing happens: As one of the Patients picks up the Nurse's blood-spatter camera and puts it to his eye, the image on screen abrupt