29) 4) dialog: Where's Steven Price and his huge, throbbing checkbook?
29) 21) dialog: You better be wrong. I didn't come all this way for "normal." She starts making her way up the disaster of a driveway. Blackburn and Sara look at each other and shrug. They start likewise walking towards the house. The only o left is Eddie. He stares at the little man.
30) 2) dialog: So where's the party?
30) 5) dialog: More to the point: what in the name of fuck is that? She's pointing up at the stained glass skylight. It seems depict a Man with dozens of hideous creatures hovering ro his head. And above them all looms a huge something with wings and flaming claws.
30) 10) dialog: The hint of still weirder shit to come, I can only hope. She whips the Camcorder to her eye and starts recording e detail of the skylight. Dr. Blackburn rolls his eyes. Pritchett starts calling loudly:
30) 15) dialog: I knew this whole place'd be pure gold! Pritchett, point me in the direction of the goddamn ghosts! If I can get something bizarre enough on tape, I think I can parlay it into getting me some kind'a Robert Stack "Unsolved Most- Wacked-Out Home Videos" gig. No more five afternoons a week of sex-change- Nazis-and-the-lesbos-that-love-'em.
30) 17) dialog: The guy whose hair I do has his own TV show. All I've got is a blow-dryer and a dream. Sara's staring at something that's making her more nervou the second:
30) 19) dialog: Where? She whips her camera up at the stained glass. Zooms in. T beat. And then lowers the camera, sighing in disappointme
30) 20) dialog: ...birds. Just seagulls or something walking on the glass, goddammit.
30) 24) dialog: Oh...my...God.... IN SLOW MOTION -- We see the rest of the Guests instinctively start to duck and cover against the deluge all except EVELYN who's staring up at the descending projectiles with a profound look of annoyance on her face EDDIE - notices that a huge DEMON-HEADED GLASS SHARD is hurtling, razor-point-down, for Evelyn's head! With an athlete's reflexes, he hurls his body at hers --
30) 26) dialog: Wow. Everyone else stares at Evelyn, who's not moving.
30) 46) dialog: I hope not.
33) 18) dialog: Melissa Margaret Marr, Celebrity.
33) 24) dialog: How'd you make your guest list, Price: throw darts at a phone book?
43) 1) dialog: Now that is enter-fucking- tainment! Eddie Moses tries to yank up one of the plates -- all he for his efforts is two handfuls of rust.
44) 10) dialog: No wonder they're still pissed off.
44) 31) dialog: Goodbye, bad times -- hello, Prime Time! She starts shooting tape again -- everything and everybod
44) 56) dialog: The warped factor here just gets bigger and bigger.
44) 70) dialog: Wow... She flicks her lighter, sparking a flame to life --
48) 0) text: Evelyn, a huge drink in her hand, holding forth to a not terribly interested Dr. Blackburn. Melissa Marr's oblivio Camcorder to her eye, slowly dollying herself out of the room.
48) 6) dialog: All three of his previous wives just up and died?
68) 2) text: Melissa seen taking a left into ANOTHER HALLWAY.
68) 4) text: Melissa letting loose a half-uneasy, half-exhilarated gul She stops walking. Slowly lowers the Camcorder, scans the end of the hall with her naked eye: Other than having the creepy ambience as the rest of the house, the hall appears normal again: large and long with a trace of anything extraordinary. She returns her eye to viewfinder.
68) 6) dialog: Curiouser and curiouser. We're talking a fifty share, minimum. -- just then: a murmur of MANY VOICES heard around her.
68) 7) text: Melissa lowers the CAMCORDER, eyes darting everywhere, scared -- but she sees nothing. CAMERA back up to her eye She moves to the doorway. As she turns the corner, we see the PATTERN ON THE WALL. It is really a painting done in ANAMORPHOSIS - it has now become a terrible Gothic demon, ready to strike.
69) 0) text: MELISSA comes to a stop at the bottom of the stairs: her go wide at the sight before her. WILD IMAGES painted by some long-dead madman, start on th floor, sweep up across the wall and onto the ceiling. SHE PEERS CLOSER, sees: that they're images of torture an death painted in blood. MELISSA stares at them, wide-eyed She puts the camera back up to her eye.
69) 1) text: the IMAGES come alive: WRITHING in AGONY, what passes for their mouths open wide in silent screams. Melissa is awe- struck:
69) 2) dialog: Fuck me bald. She moves down the corridor to a room at the end. A sign proclaims "CEREBRAL HYGIENE". As she nears, the voices gr louder. And now mixed in with them are terrible MOANS.
70) 0) text: Melissa enters --
70) 2) dialog: Jesus... And then the Huddled Group whips around, revealing the objects of their-activity: TWO HUMANS -- crammed together on one gurney: a Woman in a savaged Nurse's uniform; a Man, in what little is left his surgical scrubs, a name plate pinned right into his flesh: "Vannacutt." Both SCREAMING like banshees as they're being VIVISECTED. It is the identical image we saw on the B&W footage from at the beginning of the movie.
70) 3) text: With a GASP, MELISSA pulls the camera from her eye. She looks at the room: the equipment is all there but the room is completely EMPTY of anything living. She lets out a small sigh of relief and TURNS to leave -- -- and suddenly in front of her is... THE PATIENT... that Vannacutt and Nurse had originally been dissecting. He's jittering so fast he's a blur. And then he lunges at her.
71) 0) text: The SCREAMS of Melissa Marr echo wildly in the room -- lo agonized HOWLS that just grow louder and louder. Everyone looks up in alarm -- with the exception of Evelyn, whose focus is on pouring herself a new drink.
105) 0) text: -- his eyes shooting every which way in fear of God-knows what new nightmare -- it doesn't take long. Subtle at fir -- glimpses caught out of the corner of his eye -- of SHA in the room seeming to move: -- PHFT! -- on the ceiling -- Price whips his head up -- -- PHFT! -- did he see something on the rear wall -- ? -- PHFT! -- motion from a corner of the floor -- THEN all the SHADOWS IN THE ROOM - begin to move together toward the center of the room -- coalescing into one huge MASS OF DARKNESS. Price doesn't hang around to see what happens next -- he bolts from the room -- only to smack right into: AN OLD RUSTED MEDICAL CABINET that swings open to reveal inside of its doors: a 1920's vintage ANATOMICAL CHART with all human organs and parts cut up and re-arranged so that the are displayed alphabetically, viewing top-to-bottom. And then Price's whole face goes fright-white: on the ins of THE OTHER DOOR are the organs and parts of MELISSA MAR likewise cut up and alphabetized -- her decapitated head the bottom, labeled "skull." Price GASPS and dashes back down the corridor to find tha the Mass of Darkness has evolved into a HUGE, constantly morphing THREE-DIHENSIONAL BEING that lets out a nails-on blackboard SCREECH and charges right for him.
127) 0) text: A fleet of milling Cops, Paramedics, Fire Officials, Ambulances, the works. Sara seen getting her legs treated blank-faced Pritchett being grilled by L.A. Sheriffs. Gurneys toting very full body bags from the house. One gu carrying a half dozen vary small bags: Melissa Marr, most likely.