33) 42) text: VERTICAL PAN UP TO a blown-up black and white high school somewhat awkward-looking teenage CLARK KENT. CAMERA PANS DECORATIONS, COMING TO A STOP ON A BIG PHOTO BLOW-UP of a football player. It is captioned Brad Wilson -- All State he holds the ball, arm cocked back to pass for a touchdow young, blonde Greek god. As we SEE this, we hear, off scr BRAD (o.s.) (noticeably drunken voice) The game against Mid-City, that's the one I'll never forget. Fourth quarter, score was tied,  and we're backed up on our own 25-yard line. The Coach sends in a play -- Right Flanker Option. But I knew I could throw a long one. See, I knew that their cornerback was hurtin' and...
33) 43) text: In the middle of the above, PAN DOWN FROM PHOTO to reveal bragging about his past exploits. Quite a shocking change thinning, surly, and possessing the bloated looks of a th going to pot, this is BRAD WILSON. He's talking to TWO CL stops and his face lights up as LANA passes nearby. FOLLO just a little unsteadily, to her side. As: Music: D.J. puts on a record of  "Earth Angel." We hear t lyric.
33) 44) dialog: Here I am, honey, and I'm all yours. (with boozy, over- bearing "gallantry") Remember when you were Queen of the Prom? All the guys had to wait in line to get a dance. (they have reached the buffet table where 
33) 47) dialog: Hiya, Kent, long time no see. Not that you ever could. (points to CLARK'S glasses) "See" I mean, (he cracks up at his dumb joke) Hahaha!
33) 48) text: BRAD grabs LANA'S arm. She pulls away, simultaneously sli through CLARK'S.
39) 11) dialog: Hiya, sweet thing. (indicating RICKY) Little guy's getting' hassled, huh? (to CLARK, curtly) Kent, you still here?
39) 13) dialog: (to LANA) All the kid needs is a couple of pointers from the ol' champ here. (he means himself) Kent, I bet you didn't know I won the all-country bowling trophy two years in a row.
39) 15) dialog: A natural athlete can play any sport. Any sport.
39) 21) dialog: Hey, sport, you're holdin' it all wrong. Lemme show you --
39) 22) text: He leans to RICKY as he talks; RICKY recoils from the gus BRAD tries to wrest the ball from the embarrassed boy --
39) 23) dialog: Let ol' Uncle Brad show you how it's done.
39) 25) dialog: (amazed at the effrontery) For a guy who was lucky to be  water-boy on the high school team, you sure got a big mouth, Kent.
39) 28) dialog: The kid needs a man to show him --
39) 31) dialog: (derisively) Clark Klutz. Same as ever.
39) 32) text: ON RICKY -- holding the heavy ball, he advances to the li C.U. LANA -- eyes averted. C.U. CLARK -- chalk dust on his face, his nose starts to to sneeze. ON RICKY -- he bowls the ball, rather weekly. C.U. CLARK -- who points his face at the line and lets ou EFFECTS: The Super-Sneeze causes the ball to whiz down th It hits the pins with such impact that they break into a many china cups. C.U. RICKY -- astonished. And then joyfully delighted. C.U. BRAD -- his jaw drops.
55) 0) text: After a moment, we SEE BRAD, in nightwatchman outfit, stu corridor, already tipsy. He walks through a microphone gi halfway down the glass door.
55) 1) dialog: Yeah? What do you want?
55) 3) dialog: (has no idea what in hell he's talking about) What?
55) 5) text: ON BRAD -- in his befogged mind, he senses that something no idea what in hell it means.
55) 6) dialog: What are you talkin' about?
55) 8) dialog: Mr. Roebush?
55) 11) dialog: Tuesday.
55) 13) dialog: Get all what set up?
55) 14) text: ON GUS -- with a wild smile and a glint in his eye like R out The Red Shoes, he snaps open the lid of the valise. F "accordioned" in tiers, spring forward: they contain bott liquor, whiskey, and spirit        in the world, plus var (shakers, stirrers, etc). As GUS grins like the terrible ON BRAD -- the expression on his face is a wonder to beho anticipatory greedy delight of a child on Christmas morni glass doors slide open with an electronic whoosh.
56) 0) text: Some time later. DUS and BRAD are seated at the boss's de of liquor bottles in evidence, and all open, their conten line-up of different size glasses, all used and empty. GU slick bartender. Both GUYS are blotto, BRAD a little more concoction into a glass. BRAD samples it.
56) 1) dialog: S'not bad, s'very good, but... y'know what's wrong with this... Singapore...thing?
56) 3) text: BRAD considers this a while, then holds out his glass. BRAD Put vodka in it.
56) 4) text: GUS does so, liberally. BRAD takes a big swig. BRAD S'better. Taste it. GUS (sips) Got vodka in it now. Gotta  give it a new name. Hey, listen,  you thought it up, we'll name it 
56) 6) dialog: Brad.
56) 8) dialog: (an idea occurs) Hey! Y'know what they used to call me in high school?
56) 10) dialog: No, no, on the football field. They called me... (drawing himself up with boozy pride) ...The Smallville Flash.
56) 13) text: BRAD chug-a-lugs his drink, draining the glass. GUS watch amazement.
56) 15) dialog: Nope. (he closes his eyes) Never. (and he passes out)
56) 18) text: He goes over to BRAD, removes the key ring from his belt, all the keys. INSERT: Each key is marked with a tag for its location. T keys marked Computer - A and Computer - B.
56) 20) text: He starts out of the room, takes one look back...BRAD tot slumped down in his chair, half on the floor.
60) 0) text: ON BRAD -- as we left him, passed out cold. GUS ENTERS FRAME, shakes BRAD, trying to rouse him.
60) 2) text: Grasping BRAD beneath his arm pits, GUS starts to drag th the office.
61) 0) text: GUS hauls BRAD into the computer room, shoves him in the #2, then, with considerable trial and effort, attempts to his hand and clench his fingers around it. The general id GUS must maneuver it so that both keys are inserted simul do this, he must position BRAD...a passed-out BRAD...so t the proper angle to insert one of the keys as GUS inserts tries meet with total failure; BRAD slumps to the floor a backwards. Finally, GUS comes up with his own tipsy solut and correctly positioned, he uses hi yo-yo, ties one end STATION #1, holding his end of the string, then gently pu just the right angles so that his key and GUS'S key enter As they do, the display screen lights up and spells out: HELLO
149) 0) text: A slightly drunk and very pushy BRAD is using the pay pho
149) 1) dialog: Doing what?
151) 1) dialog: (getting really surly) I'm getting a little tired of  trying, Lana. Why don't you wise up? Now that Cluck Kent's flown the coop, you'd better start 
151) 2) text: appreciating ole faithful Brad. What else've you got in Smallville?
207) 1) dialog: Wait till you see her. (waxing poetic) Hair like a sunset, eyes like stars, and built like a --
207) 3) dialog: She's my girl. I came all the way from Smallville just to bring her back. (with great assurance) She's crazy about me -- she just don't know it yet.
208) 6) text: of emotion) I really don't know what to say. (as CLARK smiles up at her, she almost blushes) Thank you. I mean, thank him--       WIDE ANGLE -- It is at just this moment that BRAD and his in to see "his girl" sporting a diamond ring on her outst looking soulfully down at CLARK KENT, who is  down on one her. To BRAD it all means one thing:
208) 7) dialog: Wha----you sonofa----
208) 9) text: BRAD charges into the room like a bull, his two BUDDIES ( right behind him. (NOTE: CLARK'S dilema in this fight is CLARK KENT identity, i.e. not only can he not use super-p hit anybody since it would be lethal. Therefore, his stra and awkward, while actually manipulating the defeat of th follows is very quick:) BRAD, drunk, takes a swing at CLARK and misses; his momen forward over the room's chair.
208) 13) text: INSERT: CLARK kicks the fallen lamp at the GUY'S feet. THE GUY WITH THE EYEPATCH steps on th lamp, trips, falls the folding cot, which promptly folds itself up, both sid imprisoning him inside the mattress. in effect, the GUY i completely immobilized. ON BRAD: Who picks himself up, glares drunkenly at CLARK, grounf as he speaks:
208) 14) dialog: Kent, I hate you. I always hated you. And you know why, Kent? Because you're nice. Nice guys finish----
209) 0) text: Causing the trolley, with BRAD spread-eagled on top of it elevator. Just as we think it's going to crash, the eleva BRAD, trolley and all, roll right into the elevator where stand.