1) 3) dialog: (as he tries to  untangle his  yo-yo string) Gus Gorman.
1) 7) dialog: (this is a familiar routine to him) Yeah.
1) 9) dialog: Kitchen. . . Technician
1) 11) dialog: Nope, but --
1) 13) dialog: Thirty-five.
1) 15) dialog: They said I lost it on the subway, but it ain't the truth! It was a pickpocket took it!
1) 17) dialog: Well, it was one of them little bitty two-inch screen Japanese jobs.
1) 19) dialog: (protesting) Man, them people was crazy! How they 'spect  you to learn all that jive on the first day? "Hold  the pickle! Hold the lettuce! Extra onions!  Special sauce! No special sauce!" Ain't nobody  found no meat inside that glop yet.
1) 21) dialog: I know, I'm the fault.
1) 23) dialog: Don't call me a bum! I ain't no bum!
1) 25) dialog: (stunned) What about this week's check?
1) 27) text: The MAN behind him steps up to the counter as a frustrate away. FOLLOW GUS. Muttering to himself about the injustic for the exit, feeling in his pocket for his cigarettes. h pack, pries the paper open and fishes out his last smoke. looking cigarette. He puts the sorry object in his lips a for a match. No luck. NEW ANGLE -- He walks over to a MAN waiting on one of the cigar.
1) 28) dialog: Hey brother, got a match?
1) 29) text: The MAN hands him a matchbook. GUS takes it and is about his cigarette, when the printing on the matchbook catches closely at it. INSERT - TIGHT POV: One of those matchbook advertisements course. There is a little line drawing of a smiling, succ sell line: "EARN BIG MONEY.
2) 0) text: (NOTE: The following sequence, which occurs during, under designed as an elaborate, spectacular series of events ba Goldberg principle, i.e., a serial development of cause-a in scope and size. The "gimmick" that further marks this At the moment when each new development of "effect" is ju itself, the FRAME FREEZES and the next CREDIT (actors, co director, etc.) appears. Then the FRAME UNFREEZES, the in place, leading to the next event in the chain of cause-an perfect next moment comes when again there is a FREEZE FR on. In the following, we have refrained from indicating exact FRAME and CREDIT should be, as that is more precisely dis process. Thus:) ESTABLISHING SHOT -- The busy streets of Metropolis on a morning. Hustle and bustle, PEDESTRIANS and vehicles. It' people are on their way to work. As theme music continues 1.        Coming out the front door of a building is an a voluptuous, sexy, young, and healthy. Her every step casu boggling ripples. She is seemingly oblivious to the effec by. About 25 years old, this is somebody we will be seein LORELEI AMBROSIA. 2.        As she walks AWAY FROM CAMERA, her rear end rem puppies fighting in a sack, a GUY walking down the street direction turns to ogle at her and therefore doesn't look bumps into a table-top tray of  TOY WIND-UP PENGUINS bein PENGUINS, about 20 of them, go waddling off in different the street. 3.        A split-second later, a MAN IN A CAP, also walk direction, comes abreast of LORELEI, turns to look at her right in front of him (he's near the curb) is a street-si it face first. 4. Clutching his smashed nose, he recoils backwards with full- force into a GIRL ON ROLLER SKATES. 5.        Knocked off balance, wobbling erratically, she hot dog wagon on the corner of the street. Standing there snack, is the DAILY PLANET photographer and cub reporter to the office. The HOT DOG VENDOR has put a frank on a bu squirt the mustard on it when the ROLLER SKATER crashes i The mustard squirts on Jimmy's face instead and the wagon considerable momentum.  6.        On the corner of the next street are three tele In each booth is a CALLER. The LAST CALLER, A WOMAN, hold dangles outside her phone booth. On the end of this leash waiting patiently outside while his mistress talks on the dog wagon, picking up speed, hits the first phone booth w impact. 7. Causing a domino effect: the first booth tips over, wi it. and hits the second booth, tipping it and its OCCUPAN turn knocks over the third booth, causing the LADY inside the leash. Immediately the LITTLE DOG, startled by the cr down the street, trailing his leash. 8. Further down the street is a BLIND MAN holding the han attached to his SEEING-EYE DOG stands in a doorway. As th running by, the SEEING-EYE DOG gets excited and pulls fre chasing the other DOG. Startled, the BLIND MAN staggers o feeling for his DOG, just as: 9. A AWHITE-LINE ROAD PAINTER workman is coming down the handle of his motorized line-painting machine, which he i down the center of the street, painting, AS WE SEE a stra distracted by the CHARGING DOGS and lets go of his machin later, the BLIND MAN staggers out into the road, reaches feels exactly like the handle of his Seeing-eye Dog harne line-painting machine. 10. Which now continues down the road guided by a BLIND M being painted curves, zig-zags, and bends so that any mot it would go berserk. 11. In the meantime, strolling down a side-street, with t springing step, affable smile for the world, neat suit, h none other than CLARK KENT. He suddenly jumps back as the whizzing by and instinctively reaches down with super-spe This he does, but if the leash stops, the DOG doesn't. In free of the collar, leaving a bemused CLARK standing ther leash. 12. The DOGS whiz by the MAN IN THE CAP (fellow who keeps and getting hurt). As he leaps back to avoid them, he fal manhole. 13. In the middle of the street, the white-line maker "gu is heading for the area of the street where the open manh loses control of the white-line painter and is about to s when: 14. The now-capless bald head of the MAN IN THE CAP emerg just in time for the BLIND MAN to step right on it (like pond by stepping on the stones). The BLIND MAN, busy whis dog, never noticed how near to disaster he came, but the MAN IN THE CAP is now imprinted with a black sole marl. 15. The white-line roller, with nobody steering it, crash barrier that has been set up on the other side of the ope smudge pots mark the barrier. The white-line roller hits 16. The smudge pot goes rolling across the gutter, stops. comes one of those TOY PENGUINS. It hits the smudge pot a on fire by the flame. 17. The now flaming PENQUIN continues walking across the newspaper stand. Stacked on the curb beside it are a bund newspapers. The burning toy comes to a stop against the s smoulder. 18. Further down the street is a bank. And just at this m the bank, a gun in one hand, a sack of stolen money in th ROBBER. A BANK GUARD races from the bank and gives chase. doesn't see: 19. A MAN removing a ladder (the kind which hooks onto cl van truck). As the MAN and ladder turn, the ladder hook g hands. The MAN WITH THE LADDER, never realizing what he h 180 degrees with the ladder and the money bag is pulled o 20. The wires of a scaffold where some BUILDING REPAIRMEN go up the side of a building. A second after the sack is platform, the scaffold starts to rise. 21. The BANK GUARD fires at the ROBBER, but his shot miss windshield of a passing car. The windshield shatters and a fire hydrant on the curb. 22. Water gushes out of the hydrant, filling up the inter goldfish bowl, the DRIVER trapped inside. 23. Across the street, the flaming newspapers have set th 24. Hearing the screams and shouts, CLARK KENT looks down what's happening. Quickly, he looks around for a place to none. 25. HE dashes down the street, pausing for a regretful lo booths on their sides (no way for him there). He spots an one of those Photomat Booths inside, enters it, behind th coin drop in the slot; the OCCUPIED sign goes on; the lig later, bursting out of the booth. . . SUPERMAN! 26. He's just about to take off, when he does an "Oops!" four photos drop into the receptacle. AS he turns to go b wanders by and SUPERMAN grabs them out of his hand. ON TH change. PHOTO 1" Clark.  2. Clark with glasses off, shirt along. 4. SUPERMAN. Quickly he tears off the fourth pictu astonished KID. 27. SUPERMAN lands on top of the car . . . now totally fi Quickly, he rips open the sun roof, reaches inside and ha out. Then, jumping to the ground, he lifts the car off th down, then jams the broken hydrant back into the sidewalk gushing water. 28. Across the street, the kiosk is engulfed in flames. S flies across the street with it and turns it upside down water gushes out and douses the flames. 29. JIMMY OLSEN, watching from the sidewalk, sheers:
3) 6) text: The GROUP parts to reveal GUS GORMAN. HE mumbles and reac keyboard. H punches some buttons while the INSTRUCTOR loo patronizing smile. Suddenly the INSTUCTOR'S expression ch astonishment.
3) 8) dialog: (shrugging) Just did it, that's all.
6) 4) dialog: Sonofagun! Look at this here!
6) 6) dialog: First rip-off, man! Supposed to be 225 bucks a week! You know what this sucker 
6) 9) dialog: (gets up, starts to walk) I ain't gonna live that long on $143.80! I want it now, man, while I'm still young and cool.
7) 0) text: GUS and FRED enter the cafeteria, continuing their conver THEM, as they walk down to the coffee machine. GUS mutter with no success.
7) 2) dialog: What'm I gonna do with half a cent? Buy me a thoroughbred cockroach? (pause; he starts to  Everybody loses them fractions?
7) 4) dialog: Who gets it, the company?
7) 6) dialog: So where is all them half-centses?
7) 8) text: C.U. GUS -- lost in thought NEW ANGLE -- By now they've reached the coffee urn. FRED fills two cups, reaches for the bowl of sugar cubes.
7) 10) dialog: One. (pause. As FRED drops one in the cup) And a half.
8) 0) text: WIDE SHOT -- The end of the day. Employees putting on the the white sneakers into normal street shoes, leaving, say ON GUS -- Seated at his keyboard, a faintly manic gleam i at the video display screen, his fingers brushing the key NEW ANGLE -- FRED puts on his jacket, gets ready to leave
8) 2) dialog: Uh . . . no, man. I got some work to finish up here.
8) 4) dialog: (almost to himself) Yeah. A raise . . 
8) 5) text: FRED shakes his head, turns, and leaves. LONG SHOT -- the data processing center is empty of PEOPL computers and GUS. MED. CLOS ON GUS -- he takes his paycheck out of the enve closely at it. INSERT -- ON THE UPPER RIGHT CORNER OF THE CHECK is a sho and letters.
8) 6) dialog: (repeating them aloud) 368zzx4.
8) 7) text: TIGHT ANGLE -- he punches those numbers and letters on hi ON THE VIDEO DISPLAY -- the numbers and letters appear on moment later: HELLO. WEBCO PAYROLL DIVISION. GIVE COMMAND COORDINATES. ON GUS -- a broad grin.
8) 8) dialog: (a man who sees the future opening before him) Yeah !
8) 9) text: He begins to punch coordinates into the keyboard. In a QUICK SERIES OF SHOTS, WE SEE VARIOUS COMPUTERS OF D DIFFERENT LOCATION as they begin to flash, and/or light u memory bank tapes and/or beep and/or do other 'computer s clearly indicate that what GUS is doing is having a resul activating other.
28) 0) text: MED. WIDE SHOT -- SUPERMAN lands at the edge of a lake ab wide. He surveys the expanse of water before him. Then: SPECIAL EFFECTS: He blows a steady gust of ice-breath acr lake. In moments, the entire surface freezes solid. NEW ANGLE -- He bends down and grasps the edge of the ice It's about five-inches thick. Slowly, he begins to pull a time. WIDE SHOT -- The entire platter of ice, the size of the l top. Holding it before him, SUPERMAN flies into the sky.
35) 2) dialog: You got another one there for me?
35) 4) dialog: I put in a voucher for expenses. Thought it might have come through.
35) 7) text: CLOSE ON GUS -- He holds the envelope in his hand, trying excitement. But you can practically hear his heart poundi to look, he slowly edges the check out of its envelope. H he opens one eye and peeks. INSERT -- On the "Expenses" check emerging from the envel First we SEE the name: AUGUST GORMAN. And then...the amou GUS (o.s.) (quietly) Pennies from heaven.
39) 22) text: He leans to RICKY as he talks; RICKY recoils from the gus BRAD tries to wrest the ball from the embarrassed boy --
40) 0) text: GUS seated at his computer, at work. His neighbor FRED co aisle, looking serious.
40) 2) dialog: Say what?
40) 4) dialog: Say who?
40) 5) text: Feet churning rapidly, GUS propels his rolling chair towa
42) 1) dialog: (abject terror) Oh my God! The Boss! Ross the Boss! The Ross!
42) 2) text: At which point the elevator reaches another level. Seeing him, GUS manages a sickly smile, which vanishes the insta MAN'S sight.
43) 0) text: GUS steps out of the elevator, nervously working his yo-y now that he's come into some money; this is a plastic one trembling before the desk of a snooty SECRETARY. A gold p reads:
43) 4) dialog: (talking fast, in pure fear) No! He died last week. I  just look something like him. People always make this mistake.
43) 6) dialog: He alone? Or is there, like uh... men in uniform...or, uh...plain clothes.
43) 8) dialog: (imitating his idea of a white executive- type) Say, dear, where's the wash room located? I'd like to  freshen up a bit before...
43) 11) text: Fingering hi yo-yo like it was a rosary, GUS enters.
44) 2) text: ON GUS -- instantly abject, pleading pitifully.
44) 3) dialog: Please, Mr. Webster, you're a great humanitarian. Ain't you heard what it's like in them jails? You send an innocent                         boy in and he gets thrown in with killers and robbers and         rapers and raper killer and robber rapers and...
44) 5) text: GUS braces himself for the worst.
44) 7) dialog: (a but surprises at his tone) Uh...yeah. I didn't think of it that way exactly, but...
44) 10) dialog: Uh...
44) 12) dialog: (impressed) Yeah? What do you do with 'em?
44) 13) text: ROSS has by now poured himself a drink and one for GUS.
44) 16) dialog: Or socks.
44) 18) dialog: 'Cause I know about getting' them half-centses? ROSS begins to stride about the office as he pontificates GUS, speaking "to the world." As he does, GUS, feeling mo the bar.
44) 20) text: GUS leans against the bar. It instantly revolves, taking becomes a wall of bookcase again. GUS is now trapped behi the wall. ROSS, who hasn't noticed since his back is to t talking as if GUS were still there.
44) 22) text: From inside the wall, GUS calls for help; his voice is so just takes it for a grunt of assent.
44) 24) text: At last the bookcase spins around and a shaken GUS steps as ROSS turns. He never noticed his absence. By the time GUS has regained his balance, ROSS is already room so that GUS has to rush to catch up with him. As ROS adjoining room:
44) 27) dialog: (a little out of breath) I'm tryin' to.
44) 30) dialog: (instantly turning to get it) Black or regular?
45) 0) text: ROSS and GUSS step into an enormous rooftop botanical gar football field, filled with a great profusion of trees, p bushes.
45) 1) dialog: (wide-eyed wonder) Man, what is this?
45) 8) dialog: Decaffeinated too? As they continue walking, ROSS throws an avuncular, democ shoulders.
45) 10) dialog: Which country?
45) 12) dialog: Columbia.
45) 15) text: to think they can dictate the economy of an open market! ("reasonably") Gus, dear Gus, don't you see what I mean? We have to teach them a lesson. (icy) Wipe 'em out!!!
45) 16) dialog: (startled) Wipe 'em out?
45) 22) text: Without a word, ROSS slaps the MAN sharply across the fac grin appearing again, he puts his arm around GUS and they nothing unusual has happened (though, a nervous GUS keeps GARDNER).
45) 24) dialog: (tentatively) But Mr. Webster...you're doin' okay with Brazil and them other places. What's wrong with just one little old country doin' their own thing?
45) 26) dialog: (scared) Me? How?
46) 0) text: As ROSS and GUS come back into the office, GUS  catches h VERA, looking forbidding. ON GUS -- he instantly shrinks back from this creature.
46) 1) dialog: (to ROSS) Hey listen, I didn't know your mama was comin' by...
46) 5) dialog: (to VERA) That what they call you?
46) 12) dialog: How do you do that?
48) 0) text: GUS, ROSS, and VERA as we left them.
48) 3) dialog: (immediately)                                 Through the telephone line terminal, that ain't nothin'.
48) 5) dialog: What she call you?
48) 9) text: GUS is stupefied at the sight of her.
48) 14) dialog: I'm cool. I ain't cute. it ain't cool to be cute.
48) 15) text: GUS sits down by the oversized chess set. Unthinkingly, h one of the black pieces. immediately three of the white p squares automatically realigning themselves in a new defe gadgetry. Startled, GUS backs away. NEW ANGLE -- As ROSS stares at GUS'S reaction, behind him plunked herself in his chair behind the desk. The right h and she reaches in to take a Kleenex when VERA, seeing he by swiftly and slams the drawer closed with her knee, sma fingers. The later lets out a shriek and pulls her hand, wildly. ROSS turns to see what's the matter.
48) 19) text: do what I want it to? You didn't answer me, pal. (as GUS hesitates) Did you hear about that prison riot last week? It seems they were complaining about rats in the cells...
48) 20) dialog: (quickly) Yeah, yeah, I can do it.
48) 22) dialog: First question got to be "Where."
48) 24) dialog: Not "What." Don't need a genius to figure out "what." Need a  genius to figure out "where." (A bit boastfully to VERA) He says I'm a genius, your don -- (quickly) Brother! Bubba! Your Bubba! (as she calms down) See, if y'all don't want them to trace it back, you got to punch this in from someplace nobody'd ever think off. Some little rinky- dink operation with a little mickey- mouse computer.
49) 5) text: As the MAN limps off, muttering, we realize it's GUS GORM old beat-up windbreaker and slacks, but now carrying a Vu GUS, as he walks across some railroad tracks that run thr town, looking around at his surroundings.
49) 6) dialog: (bitching, aloud) Welcome to nowhere, U.S.A.
49) 7) text: In B.G. LANA and CLARK get in the car and drive off. HOLD he sets off down Main Street, passing a Sears type store, window display. A mannequin-like giant Ken doll in a gree leisure suit is grinning down at him. GUS shudders from t HOLD CAMAERA STAIONARY as SEEN FROM BEHIND, shoulders bow Main Street and off into the distance.
55) 2) dialog: Buddy, are we in trouble.
55) 4) dialog: (talking very fast, giving the befuddled BRAD no chance to  interrupt) First the supplier couldn't find the invoice. Then the order came up short. Then I missed the four         o'clock plane from Cleveland and had to rent a car, and then I got a darn flat tire on the highway! Can you beat it? Boy, your boss must've been furious when I didn't show up by the end of the day today, huh?
55) 7) dialog: Good lord, fella! I'm talking about your boss.
55) 9) dialog: (seemingly frantic with worry) Roebush! That's  the guy! Buddy, he's gonna nail our behinds to the wall! this is Special Order! He said he had
55) 12) dialog: TUESDAY! I got to get it all set up in his office tonight before all those big shots come here tomorrow for the meeting!! ON BRAD -- shaking his head, trying to clear it.
55) 14) text: ON GUS -- with a wild smile and a glint in his eye like R out The Red Shoes, he snaps open the lid of the valise. F "accordioned" in tiers, spring forward: they contain bott liquor, whiskey, and spirit        in the world, plus var (shakers, stirrers, etc). As GUS grins like the terrible ON BRAD -- the expression on his face is a wonder to beho anticipatory greedy delight of a child on Christmas morni glass doors slide open with an electronic whoosh.
56) 2) dialog: Sling. Singapore Sling. What's wrong? BRAD Not enough vodka in it. GUS There's no vodka in it. BRAD Aha! What'd I tell ya! GUS What? What did you tell me?
56) 4) text: GUS does so, liberally. BRAD takes a big swig. BRAD S'better. Taste it. GUS (sips) Got vodka in it now. Gotta  give it a new name. Hey, listen,  you thought it up, we'll name it 
56) 7) dialog: (considers it) Brad is not a good name for a cocktail.
56) 9) dialog: Brad?
56) 11) dialog: Hey, man, that's a great name for a cocktail! They clink glasses in celebration.
56) 12) dialog: Here's to the Smallville Flash!
56) 13) text: BRAD chug-a-lugs his drink, draining the glass. GUS watch amazement.
56) 14) dialog: Man, you don't never pass out, do ya?
56) 16) text: NEW ANGLE -- GUS prods him, sees he's out cold. Now the p on with his business in the highly inebriated state he's
56) 17) dialog: Awright. Keys.
56) 19) dialog: (mumbling, puzzled) Two keys? Lessee about that...
56) 21) dialog: Huh. The Smallville Flash.
57) 0) text: GUS makes his way, very drunkenly, down the corridors, we FOLLOW HIM as he turns a corner, where an unexpected mirr back in horror, like W.C. Fields doing a take. It's the s makes him shiver and say:
57) 1) dialog: Man, that is terrifyingly ugly...
58) 0) text: A row of coin-operated vending machines. GUS is just drun check each one out to make sure.
58) 1) dialog: (addressing the  coffee machine) You ain't the computer, man. (goes to candy machine, examines it)                         You ain't neither. (the soft drink dispenser) Not even close.
58) 3) dialog: (as the broom falls out) S'cuse me.
58) 5) dialog: There's that sucker!
59) 0) text: GUS sits down in front of the keyboard, shakes his head t looks down, remembers the key. INSERT: he laboriously inserts one of the plastic keys in ON GUS -- he starts to touch keyboard buttons. Nothing ha
59) 1) dialog: Hey, c'mon, man! (tries again, no success)
59) 8) dialog: "At the same time." Oh.
59) 10) dialog: Damn! Now what'll I do?
60) 0) text: ON BRAD -- as we left him, passed out cold. GUS ENTERS FRAME, shakes BRAD, trying to rouse him.
60) 1) dialog: Hey, brother! Hey, Flash! (shakes harder, but it's useless) Shee...
60) 2) text: Grasping BRAD beneath his arm pits, GUS starts to drag th the office.
61) 0) text: GUS hauls BRAD into the computer room, shoves him in the #2, then, with considerable trial and effort, attempts to his hand and clench his fingers around it. The general id GUS must maneuver it so that both keys are inserted simul do this, he must position BRAD...a passed-out BRAD...so t the proper angle to insert one of the keys as GUS inserts tries meet with total failure; BRAD slumps to the floor a backwards. Finally, GUS comes up with his own tipsy solut and correctly positioned, he uses hi yo-yo, ties one end STATION #1, holding his end of the string, then gently pu just the right angles so that his key and GUS'S key enter As they do, the display screen lights up and spells out: HELLO
61) 1) dialog: Now you wanna be friends, huh?
61) 3) dialog: (to himself) C'mon now, Gus, sober up.
65) 0) text: GUS shakes his head, no, and pushes another key. ON THE VIDEO DISPLAY -- it reads. "CLEAR, NEW PROGRAM." ON GUS -- starts again.
72) 1) dialog: (clutching his head) Oh, God, this is worse'n being drunk.
72) 3) dialog: Worse'n being dead.
72) 5) dialog: Black coffee. That's what I  need. (gets coins from pocket) Gotta have it. Gotta...
72) 6) text: He puts coins in the Hot Coffee machine. Click. Buzz. ON THE MACHINE -- attached to the side are a stack of rem holders. But GUS doesn't realize he has to take one and h catch the cup that will drop. The cup that drops is a poi GUS grabs it to steady it; an instant later scalding hot ON GUS -- yanking his hand out, holding the burning paper can't hold onto it, puts it down on the machine's top, an him.
72) 7) dialog: (angry) I know that be Colombian coffee! I just know it! (menacingly) Gonna fix your wagon, man.
73) 2) dialog: Ah, shut up.
73) 4) dialog: Gonna get this thing right if it kills me.
76) 0) text: A very frustrated GUS seated at his little computer, tryi
76) 1) dialog: (to the gods above) Oh please, let this be the one...
76) 2) text: ON THE DISPLAY SCREEN -- GUS types in (and the digital le show): XYR8US (after a moment) X3
76) 4) dialog: (despair) Oh, no...
76) 7) text: ON GUS -- triumphant at last.
76) 8) dialog: I am a genius.
76) 10) text: GUS types in some stuff. A new message appears: VULCAN PROGRAM: EARTHSCAN COMMAND.
76) 11) dialog: Command! Awright! (talking to the computer) This here's your new commander, baby. Now listen good. (starts to type
79) 1) dialog: (typing away busily now) Yeah, okay, gimme the longitude here...
79) 3) dialog: And the other thing...
80) 0) text: GUS is relieved and wildly excited.
80) 1) dialog: Awright. Now...
91) 7) text: At which point GUS enters, flipping a fancier yo-yo (the model), looking very nervous and disturbed about somethin
91) 8) dialog: Hey, boss.
91) 10) dialog: Turn on the T.V.
91) 13) dialog: (looks at ROSS like he's nuts) Uh...what channel were you watching?
91) 15) text: GUS walks over and turns on the T.V. The T.V. NEWS COMMENTATOR'S face appears.
92) 2) text: The wall falls on top of them and they're lost from sight Moments later, the WEDDING PARTY, running for their lives the church. Buffeted by the gale-force winds, soaked to t cross the square to the relative safety of the cafй acros ANGLE UP -- a tremendous gust of wind looses the bell fro steeple. The tremendous iron bell goes flying across the for the fleeing BRIDE and GROOM. SUPERMAN zooms in and just in time catches the bell in hi to the people. EFFECTS: The vibrations of the bell cause SUPERMAN to vib Accompanied by...sound: incessant clanging of the bell.
96) 5) text: As she beats LORELEI in a footrace to see which one will help him out of his folding chair, PAN TO GUS. Looking mi he is talking to himself (nobody else is paying attention over to a pair of skis with boots attached laying nearby.
96) 6) dialog: (aloud, but to himself) Just a matter of time 'til they start blamin' me. that's always what happens.
96) 8) dialog: Ain't my fault, I done what I was supposed to do. (climbing up 
96) 9) text: awkwardly) Everybody blames it on me when they start lookin' to get it off themselves. Some kid in the  classroom blows a spit-ball,  who gets sent to the principle's  office? Gus Gorman.
96) 20) text: ON GUS -- Laboriously trying to get to the top of the slo his monologue.
96) 21) dialog: Apartment in the project gets broke in, who gets hauled into the line-up? Gus Gorman.
96) 35) text: ON GUS -- at the top of the slope.
96) 36) dialog: It ain't. It's nowhere. It blew up. That's how come they shipped the dude to Earth when he was a baby. (pause, as they all look oddly at GUS) well. I know some stuff too, y'all.
96) 40) dialog: Just hold on a minute. I have been doin' some thinkin'
96) 42) dialog: That's what I been thinkin' about. How you been keepin' me. (pause: nervously but bravely) I ain't getting' nothing outta this gig.
96) 44) dialog: (outraged) Greed! (extremely agitated) Let me tell you something--- In his burst of anger, he loses his equilibrium and sudde down the ski slope.
97) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- GUS goes zooming down the slope at great spe no knowledge of how to stop, he keeps going right off the the air. At the end of his trajectory, gravity takes over down )CAMERA PANS DOWN TO WATCH) ten stories and lands on doorway of the apartment building. This, in turn, functio he skis right off it and lands in the middle of the stree ON HE STREET: Cars brake to a halt; PEDESTRIANS are start skis suddenly landing in their midst. GUS, once he's real tries to carry it off as if he knew what he was doing all down the road with a forced display of cool, if you can c clomping down a city street "sauntering." AS WE WATCH GUS clomp away, ROSS'S DIALOGUE CONTINUES AS
99) 0) text: As we SEE GUS back at his old, original spot, muttering t up his sleeve and begins to play the computer like a wurl over continues: ROSS (v.o.) Once Gus contacts the Vulcan satellite, he orders it to search through outer space around  where Krypton went bye-bye.
99) 1) text: During the above speech, GUS'S coordinates appear ON THE
101) 13) dialog: He ain't gonna smoke this stuff, so what the hell...
102) 0) text: GUS stops at a door marked:
102) 2) dialog: (giving him a bright smile and the altered printout sheet) The Boss says he wants this to go.
110) 0) text: ON GUS-- waiting in a little room practicing his yo-yo. B mastered up-and-down and is into (badly) some tricks like makes a few tries and almost jumps when a finger taps his behind. WIDEN TO TWO SHOT -- the white-clad SCIENTIST to whom GUS holding a laboratory tray with a glowing green chunk of K sets the tray on the desk in front of GUS.
110) 2) text: He leaves. GUS eyes the Kryptonite warily, finally forces it, and picks it up so gingerly that he almost drops it. terror...until he suddenly realizes.
110) 3) dialog: Hey, what'm I scared of? I'm an Earthling.
111) 11) text: Suddenly, a burst of music comes blasting out nearby and military martial air like "The Caissons Go Rolling Along, speakers. All heads turn, startled to see: ANGLE DOWN THE MAIN STREET -- Coming toward the reviewing colored car (or jeep), the words U.S. ARMY stenciled on t loudspeakers of the type used by cars traveling around to elections or concerts is mounted on the roof and is the s music. As the car gets CLOSER TO F. G. WE SEE that the dr VERA. Seated in the back seat, wearing the uniform of a 5 the accouterments we associate with General Patton (white foulard, jodhpurs, swagger stick in hand) is GUS. NEW ANGLE -- the car comes to a screeching halt by the re Considerable curiosity from the crowd as VERA, in crisp n steps out and commands:
111) 13) text: The CROWD, conditioned by years of watching war movies, i unquestioningly, rises to attention. Upright in posture, authoritative in manner, slapping his his side, GUS surveys the crowd with an air of critical s the platform. ON SUPERMAN -- A bit curious himself at all this. Beside standing stiffly at attention as if his spine would snap. GROUP SHOT -- Total silence. GUS strides across the platf troops, scowls a bit. Then does what he thinks is a gestu command: he slaps the side of his leg with his swagger st hard, though, and it hurts. A fleeting look of pain, whic Then, to the podium:
111) 14) dialog: (using a Patton-like voice and delivery) Listen up! I've come here direct from the Pentagon so you better believe there's a damn good reason! I'm here to tell you that God has given us the greatest goddamn gift in the world: nuclear power! But if we don't protect it, it's our ass! And democracy's ass! And the free world's ass!
111) 16) dialog: You people want to be able to go to church on Sunday and sit in the Super Bowl, don't you? (he pounds his swagger stick on the podium for emphasis; it breaks) But what about the peacetime uses of nuclear power? You all want some Ay-rabs in white robes tellin' you you got to pay through the nose for their Cadillac limousines so you can get enough juice to light up your Christmas tree                         Not to mention the nice clean air so the great American bald eagle can fly without coughin' himself to death!
111) 18) dialog: Now last week half this great nation almost bit the bullet, nuclear-  power-wise. Wasn't anything the 
111) 20) dialog: Just when it looked like curtains-- and I don't mean just the Iron  Curtain, I mean all the curtains! -- Along came this great American! (points to SUPERMAN) Superman, you saved our bacon. We want to show our gratitude.
111) 21) text: GUS snaps his fingers imperiously at VERA, who stands bel ON VERA -- snarling at having to play this subservient ro platform, carrying a wooden presentation box about a foot GUS.
111) 22) dialog: I want to present you with this token of appreciation for what did to stop the disaster at Iroquois Trail. It's your government's way of saying, "Hey buddy, you done real good."
111) 25) text: TIGHT C.U. GUS -- his eyes flicker and blink in momentary SUPERMAN isn't dropping dead.
111) 26) dialog: (quickly, losing his cool, sounding less Patton-like now) Well...uh...I ain't got no time to stick around for the corn-on- the-cob and square dancing or whatever it is you people do. We got to get back to the base for... uh...well, I can't tell you what for, it's top secret.
112) 0) text: ON GUS -- walking disconsolately on a deserted street in to himself, kicking at a tin can.
112) 1) dialog: "Unknown," how was I supposed to know what 'unknown' is...
112) 3) dialog: Hello, Boss? ...You know how people's always tryin' to copy that secret recipe for that fried  chicken they sell in them buckets, but nobody can figure out the secret ingredient?
120) 8) text: NEW ANGLE -- revealing GUS GORMAN sitting in a corner of sketching something on the back of an envelope, which he as he says:
120) 9) dialog: He sure wasn't actin' bad and nasty that day in Smallville. Man, he was so full of niceness I was startin' to feel funny about layin' that chunk of...
120) 12) dialog: Huh?
122) 1) text: As the RUNNER ascends to the top step and raises the torc giant dish where the Flame will burn: REVERSE: ZOOM TO SUPERMAN -- standing on the floodlight t side of the stadium, on top of the wall. His costume is d the blue becoming Prussian blue, the red deepening to a m uncombed, and his features look darker, tougher, as if he few days. With a look of pure malevolence, he: EFFECTS: blows a gust of Super-Breath. ON THE RUNNER -- the breath blows out the Olympic Flame. Sound: a gasp from the CROWD. And the RUNNER, terribly confused and upset, has to turn stairs, still carrying the Torch, to go get it re-lit som
123) 2) text: Suddenly, as she hears the door opening, she hides her bo Gossip magazine and immediately assumes her persona of em WIDE SHOT -- as ROSS, VERA, and GUS enter.
123) 7) dialog: They ain't got captains?
123) 10) dialog: And do what?
123) 12) dialog: Then how's all the people gonna get their oil?
123) 16) dialog: I know, by computers.
123) 19) dialog: Pumps stop pumping oil. Pipe lines stop pipin' oil. Tankers stop deliverin' oil. Man, this is high stakes.
123) 21) text: ON GUS -- a pause. he looks upset about something, buildi it. Then:
123) 22) dialog: Lookit, you're getting' what you want all the time. it ain't right that I don't get somethin'! I never get somethin'!
123) 24) dialog: (het up) The moon! Listen, man, when I was a little bitty kid all my  friends got them electric trains  for Christmas. My mama didn't have barely enough to pay the electric bill, let alone buy me no train set.
123) 27) dialog: Now...when do I get a taste?
123) 29) dialog: (defiantly) Don't lay that jail number on me no more. You need me out here doin' stuff for you more'n sitten' in no jail doin' nothin' for nobody. (pointedly) 'Sides, I be known' some heavy stuff about you now. You don't want em spillin' the coffee beans.
123) 32) dialog: Don't be getting' racist with me, man.
123) 34) dialog: Fair's fair.
123) 36) text: ON GUS -- He starts emptying the contents of his pockets all matchbooks, paper napkins, backs of envelopes, scrap plans and numbers are scrawled on all of them. ON ROSS -- looking at this pile of crumpled effluvia. he up his waste basket, holds it up to GUS.
123) 38) dialog: Those are plans. (as ROSS eyes them skeptically) Blueprints.
123) 40) dialog: A computer.
123) 42) dialog: Not like this one you ain't. Nobody in the world got one like this 'cause it don't exist yet. We got to build it.
123) 44) dialog: (proudly) I invented it, man. In my head. It's a stone killer-diller get-down get-it-on and twice-on-Sunday 
123) 47) dialog: Everything.
123) 49) dialog: Anything.
124) 0) text: All alone in the computer room, GUS sits at his console a coordinates.
142) 0) text: The machine that GUS has designed is being assembled. TWO massive generator in place. The word "GENERATOR" is stenc PAN FROM THEM to the FOREMAN and his ASSISTANTS, as he sc trying to puzzle out the assembly directions written (by napkin and a matchbook. EXT. STATE DEPARTMENT. BUILDING, WASHINGTON D.C.
146) 2) text: REVERSE -- A gloomy GUS, seated across the desk, looks up interest.
146) 3) dialog: Yeah? How's it look?
146) 5) dialog: I told you it wasn't no jive.
146) 7) dialog: Stone mutha.
146) 9) text: ROSS gets up, comes over to GUS, looking him in the eyes.
146) 11) dialog: (upset by the idea) Ain't nobody gonna mess with my machine! I'll...I'll... what will I do? (sudden inspiration) I'll build in a counter-punch! Anything attacks it gets counter- attacked! And wiped out!
146) 13) dialog: Yeah, sure. (angrily) Ain't nobody gonna stomp  my electric train...
146) 17) dialog: Man, all it got to do is find their weak spot. (he starts drawing out a plan on ROSS'S desk blotter) You bet on the machine in any fight you name, you gonna win your bet.
146) 18) text: GUS sketches furiously as ROSS beams in approval at this
147) 0) text: The WORKMEN in coveralls are assembling what is beginning out of Fritz Lang's Metropolis: fantastic, incredible, an half-built yet. In F. G. GUS'S scrap papers have been spr an attempt to make it look like a blueprint.        
152) 0) text: ON LANA - Disgusted, she hangs up, but then just stands t bleak truth.
164) 2) text: His MATES look where he points. POV: LONG SHOT -- the oil slick is heading back toward th the ocean rapidly. Behind it, in far B.G. SUPERMAN is con steady gust of Super-Breath. EFFECTS: ON THE TANKER HULL -- as the oil is forced, agai flow right back into the hull from which it escaped. NEW ANGLE -- the last of the oil spill is blown back in. EFFECTS: ON SUPERMAN -- sending powerful beams of Heat-Vi aims them at the gaping metal hull.  ON THE HULL -- the Heat-Vision welds the hole together, r hear cheers of the CREW off-screen.
170) 7) text: AERIAL SHOT: ZOOM DOWN TO a startling sight. Atop one of middle of the giant gorge are FIVE TINY FIGURES. 2 MEN: 2 NEW ANGLE -- Behind them, above the canyon, we SEE pylons major electrical power source is here. GROUP SHOT: GUS is holding the donkey on a lead. ROSS, VE adjusting curious devices attached by back-pack harnesses individual hot-air balloons. ROSS and VERA have already b adjusting the ballast. LORELEI is inflating hers, which, others' utilitarian gray, is a shocking pink balloon that
170) 12) dialog: (confused) You want to mess with Superman?
170) 16) text: ON GUS -- he looks at the gizmos, then looks over the led HIS POV: a sheer drop to the bottom of the canyon. ON GUS -- shaking his head emphatically.
170) 17) dialog: Uh-huh. No way, man. Not me. (he climbs on his donkey) I just don't believe a man can fly.
170) 18) text: The DONKEY starts walking down the winding         path t him down to the bottom of the canyon. ROSS, VERA, and LORELEI activate their little hot-air gad themselves off the edge of the cliff. FULL SHOT, LONG: like invading paratroopers, the THREE of the canyon, as GUS, SEEN TO FAR LEFT OF FRAME, rides his footpath.
171) 0) text: The Three land on the floor of the canyon and extricate t balloon rigs. ANGLE UP -- GUS and his DONKEY are getting there, albeit WIDE SHOT: the three of them walk towards the mouth of a
182) 0) text: GUS, coming down the trail, looks at the spectacle taking
182) 1) dialog: The rockets' red glare,  the bombs burstin' in air -- what in hell is goin' on?
185) 0) text: GUS has reached the entrance, He gets off his DONKEY and fearfully around him. C.U. GUS - a bit awed as he sees what he has wrought.
185) 1) dialog: (a moment of quiet pride) Awright. I got me my electric train, mama. I  finally got -- (suddenly upset at what he sees) Hey, what y'all doin' up there?!
187) 0) text: GUS is coming up to the terrace where the central console REVERSE: WIDE -- SUPERMAN has landed and enters the cave. the doorway.
187) 13) text: ON GUS -- who doesn't like the designation.
187) 14) dialog: Four of us? What's he mean four of us? (calling out) Hey, man!
187) 16) dialog: Hey, I ain't with them!
187) 21) text: NEW ANGLE -- she slams a button (one larger and separate full force. EFFECTS: From the center of the machine, a large ball-lik emanates a bright green ray we recognize immediately as b Kryptonite. It hits SUPERMAN full force, a spot-light of HE cries out in pain and drops to the ground, writhing in our eyes. C.U. GUS -- frightened, horrified:
187) 22) dialog: No! You'll kill him! That's Kryptonite!
187) 25) text: C.U. GUS -- sick with the realization of what he's done.
187) 27) text: ON GUS -- He can't take it anymore. As SUPERMAN writhes i quick decision. Running behind VERA, he looks down throug at what is beneath:
187) 28) text: ON GUS -- he whips his yo-yo out of his pocket, pulls the out, throws it over one of the guy wires that anchor the He jumps off the terrace, holding onto both ends (yo-yo a down to the ground, a la Topkapi. NEW ANGLE -- GUS charges into the generator area and grab the computer to its energy source: the generator. CLOSER -- one little screw coupling connects them. GUS gr nearby and: INSERT: simply unscrews one little screw. ON THE MACHINE, WIDE ANGLE -- suddenly all the energy and jazz just...stop. It just shuts off. ON SUPERMAN -- the green Kryptonite ray shits off as well death, but weakened, on his knees. ON THE TERRACE CONSOLE -- ROSS, enraged, looks down and s
187) 30) text: He charges down the interior staircase, after GUS.
187) 32) text: ON GUS -- he holds the little screw in his hand. As ROSS it into his own mouth and tries to swallow it. But it get throat. He tries harder, his eyes straining with the effo throat, gulping hard. Still it won't go down. ROSS, in wild furry, grabs GUS, trying to pry his mouth o The grapple. GUS shoves ROSS away and suddenly sees befor of flat root beer soda. He grabs it, and with a mighty he Apple, washes away the screw.
187) 34) text: He starts to strangle GUS, trying to get the screw back. violent attempt to perform the Heimlich Maneuver. GUS yan hauls off and belts ROSS in the jaw. Pow! ROSS falls to t LONG SHOT: for a moment all is still. SUPERMAN is slowly
187) 41) text: VERA looks straight up. VERTICAL PAN (FAST) UP TO THE TOP EFFECTS: The machine is sending crackling lightening-like the ceiling of the cave. C.U. GUS -- awed
187) 42) dialog: It's feeding itself. It wants to live.
192) 0) text: The machine glows with an unearthly energy. Suddenly, the Kryptonite goes on again, hitting SUPERMAN with full forc ON SUPERMAN -- already weakened from the first bout, he f terrible pain. ON GUS--from inside the generator area he sees what's hap fire-safety axe from its hook and races toward the globe- machine that sends the Kryptonite ray out. NEW ANGLE -- GUS hacks away at the mechanism. His express tortured. This is Dr. Frankenstein killing the monster he forced to destroy his own invention. With tremendous effo and smashes the offending part of the computer, finally d metal drop to the floor. The green ray shuts off. SUPERMAN struggles to his feet. He looks awful. GUS, exhausted, stands there by the source of destruction drops the axe. Suddenly: Sound: A horrible, screeching, electronic noise as: EFFECTS: The machine, furious, lifts GUS into the air on hurls him full force against the wall of the cave. He cra terrific impact and falls to the ground behind a pile of the incredible force of the blow, it seems certain that t him. A terrible moment of silence. Then SUPERMAN, looking like turns and slinks out of the cave, clutching his left arm.
198) 4) text: He drops the nuclear core in the center of the machine. LONG SHOT: The giant computer begins to glow even more br Red-hot, then white hot, then it begins to crackle and ru machine is overdosing. EFFECTS: IN SPECTACULAR SERIES OF SHOTS, the machine self Burn-outs. Short circuits. Flare-ups. Entire chunks of me air. Tremendous noise. It's like watching the end of the machine commit suicide. IN THE MIDST OF THIS, INTERCUT SHOT OF LORELEI, released sliding down the cave wall and landing unceremoniously (a the ground. At last there is a gigantic explosion within the computer disintegrates, bursting apart from its own gluttony, wrea destruction within the cave. A long moment as the dust settles. No sign of life. Piles rock everywhere. It looks like a bombed-out battlefield. ON A MOUND OF EARTH AND DEBRIS -- The hand of a white man from beneath the pile of rock. PAN SLIGHTLY LEFT: From an adjacent mound of rubble, the seen pushing out from beneath the earth. And SUPERMAN and GUS clasp hands and pull each other out mounds. They struggle up and out, clutching their hands together: partners at last.
200) 0) text: Oil starts gushing out the formerly dry valve-faucet. The rushes to turn it off.
203) 0) text: SUPERMAN flying with GUS clinging to his outstretched arm around his waist. Sort of like the stork flying his bundl terrified. He opens one eye, looks down, quickly shuts it
203) 2) dialog: Don't make me talk, please. I got enough problems just hangin' on.
203) 4) dialog: I ain't about to argue with you. (as they fly) What's gonna happen to them three? Ross the boss and those 
203) 7) dialog: (suddenly) Watch out for them air pockets!
203) 9) dialog: (terrified) We gonna crash?
203) 11) dialog: (eyes shut) We back in Metropolis?
204) 0) text: A big mound of coal sits on the ground near a shack and a MINERS look up in amazement as SUPERMAN and GUS land.
204) 1) dialog: (looking around) Whatcha wanna stop here for? (quickly) Not that I ain't glad to be on the 
204) 6) dialog: (lording it over them) Hey, man, who'dya think it was, your mama?
204) 11) dialog: I was afraid you'd say that. (to MINERS) Hey, is there a bus station around here?
204) 15) text: He smiles farewell and takes off. HOLD ON GUS -- watching him fly away.
204) 16) dialog: (softly) Take it easy, man.
204) 19) text: In a gesture of bravado, Gus unsnaps the buttons on his s reveal a Super-Gus outfit. But, of course, there's just a he quickly adopts a big-shot tone:
204) 20) dialog: So, You fellas ain't never seen the super dude before,  huh? Him and me, we go way 