2) 0) text: (NOTE: The following sequence, which occurs during, under designed as an elaborate, spectacular series of events ba Goldberg principle, i.e., a serial development of cause-a in scope and size. The "gimmick" that further marks this At the moment when each new development of "effect" is ju itself, the FRAME FREEZES and the next CREDIT (actors, co director, etc.) appears. Then the FRAME UNFREEZES, the in place, leading to the next event in the chain of cause-an perfect next moment comes when again there is a FREEZE FR on. In the following, we have refrained from indicating exact FRAME and CREDIT should be, as that is more precisely dis process. Thus:) ESTABLISHING SHOT -- The busy streets of Metropolis on a morning. Hustle and bustle, PEDESTRIANS and vehicles. It' people are on their way to work. As theme music continues 1.        Coming out the front door of a building is an a voluptuous, sexy, young, and healthy. Her every step casu boggling ripples. She is seemingly oblivious to the effec by. About 25 years old, this is somebody we will be seein LORELEI AMBROSIA. 2.        As she walks AWAY FROM CAMERA, her rear end rem puppies fighting in a sack, a GUY walking down the street direction turns to ogle at her and therefore doesn't look bumps into a table-top tray of  TOY WIND-UP PENGUINS bein PENGUINS, about 20 of them, go waddling off in different the street. 3.        A split-second later, a MAN IN A CAP, also walk direction, comes abreast of LORELEI, turns to look at her right in front of him (he's near the curb) is a street-si it face first. 4. Clutching his smashed nose, he recoils backwards with full- force into a GIRL ON ROLLER SKATES. 5.        Knocked off balance, wobbling erratically, she hot dog wagon on the corner of the street. Standing there snack, is the DAILY PLANET photographer and cub reporter to the office. The HOT DOG VENDOR has put a frank on a bu squirt the mustard on it when the ROLLER SKATER crashes i The mustard squirts on Jimmy's face instead and the wagon considerable momentum.  6.        On the corner of the next street are three tele In each booth is a CALLER. The LAST CALLER, A WOMAN, hold dangles outside her phone booth. On the end of this leash waiting patiently outside while his mistress talks on the dog wagon, picking up speed, hits the first phone booth w impact. 7. Causing a domino effect: the first booth tips over, wi it. and hits the second booth, tipping it and its OCCUPAN turn knocks over the third booth, causing the LADY inside the leash. Immediately the LITTLE DOG, startled by the cr down the street, trailing his leash. 8. Further down the street is a BLIND MAN holding the han attached to his SEEING-EYE DOG stands in a doorway. As th running by, the SEEING-EYE DOG gets excited and pulls fre chasing the other DOG. Startled, the BLIND MAN staggers o feeling for his DOG, just as: 9. A AWHITE-LINE ROAD PAINTER workman is coming down the handle of his motorized line-painting machine, which he i down the center of the street, painting, AS WE SEE a stra distracted by the CHARGING DOGS and lets go of his machin later, the BLIND MAN staggers out into the road, reaches feels exactly like the handle of his Seeing-eye Dog harne line-painting machine. 10. Which now continues down the road guided by a BLIND M being painted curves, zig-zags, and bends so that any mot it would go berserk. 11. In the meantime, strolling down a side-street, with t springing step, affable smile for the world, neat suit, h none other than CLARK KENT. He suddenly jumps back as the whizzing by and instinctively reaches down with super-spe This he does, but if the leash stops, the DOG doesn't. In free of the collar, leaving a bemused CLARK standing ther leash. 12. The DOGS whiz by the MAN IN THE CAP (fellow who keeps and getting hurt). As he leaps back to avoid them, he fal manhole. 13. In the middle of the street, the white-line maker "gu is heading for the area of the street where the open manh loses control of the white-line painter and is about to s when: 14. The now-capless bald head of the MAN IN THE CAP emerg just in time for the BLIND MAN to step right on it (like pond by stepping on the stones). The BLIND MAN, busy whis dog, never noticed how near to disaster he came, but the MAN IN THE CAP is now imprinted with a black sole marl. 15. The white-line roller, with nobody steering it, crash barrier that has been set up on the other side of the ope smudge pots mark the barrier. The white-line roller hits 16. The smudge pot goes rolling across the gutter, stops. comes one of those TOY PENGUINS. It hits the smudge pot a on fire by the flame. 17. The now flaming PENQUIN continues walking across the newspaper stand. Stacked on the curb beside it are a bund newspapers. The burning toy comes to a stop against the s smoulder. 18. Further down the street is a bank. And just at this m the bank, a gun in one hand, a sack of stolen money in th ROBBER. A BANK GUARD races from the bank and gives chase. doesn't see: 19. A MAN removing a ladder (the kind which hooks onto cl van truck). As the MAN and ladder turn, the ladder hook g hands. The MAN WITH THE LADDER, never realizing what he h 180 degrees with the ladder and the money bag is pulled o 20. The wires of a scaffold where some BUILDING REPAIRMEN go up the side of a building. A second after the sack is platform, the scaffold starts to rise. 21. The BANK GUARD fires at the ROBBER, but his shot miss windshield of a passing car. The windshield shatters and a fire hydrant on the curb. 22. Water gushes out of the hydrant, filling up the inter goldfish bowl, the DRIVER trapped inside. 23. Across the street, the flaming newspapers have set th 24. Hearing the screams and shouts, CLARK KENT looks down what's happening. Quickly, he looks around for a place to none. 25. HE dashes down the street, pausing for a regretful lo booths on their sides (no way for him there). He spots an one of those Photomat Booths inside, enters it, behind th coin drop in the slot; the OCCUPIED sign goes on; the lig later, bursting out of the booth. . . SUPERMAN! 26. He's just about to take off, when he does an "Oops!" four photos drop into the receptacle. AS he turns to go b wanders by and SUPERMAN grabs them out of his hand. ON TH change. PHOTO 1" Clark.  2. Clark with glasses off, shirt along. 4. SUPERMAN. Quickly he tears off the fourth pictu astonished KID. 27. SUPERMAN lands on top of the car . . . now totally fi Quickly, he rips open the sun roof, reaches inside and ha out. Then, jumping to the ground, he lifts the car off th down, then jams the broken hydrant back into the sidewalk gushing water. 28. Across the street, the kiosk is engulfed in flames. S flies across the street with it and turns it upside down water gushes out and douses the flames. 29. JIMMY OLSEN, watching from the sidewalk, sheers:
2) 1) dialog: Way to go, Superman!
5) 0) text: INSERT --  On a 8 x 10 photograph laying on a desktop. It in his mid-40's, wearing black tie, standing up at a form a plaque. A captain of industry who has taken pains to pr "regular guy," this is ROSS WEBSTER. As CAMERA studies this photo, we hear the voice of PERRY PERRY (o.s.) Who's this? JIMMY (o.s.) That's him, Ross Webster. This was just after they presented him with the award for Humanitarian of the Year.                 LOIS (o.s.) Good-looking. JIMMY (o.s.) That's because I gave him f.2 at a 50th.
5) 5) dialog: Her name's Lorelei Ambrosia. She's  Webster's Girl Friday.
5) 9) dialog: That's his sister. Vera Webster.
5) 12) text: INSERT:  ON THE PHOTO -- Showing a no-nonsense, severe-lo her late 40's. This is Ross' older, spinster sister: Vera JIMMY (o.s.) She's vice-president of Webco Industries.
5) 15) dialog: I didn't have my camera with me.
5) 45) text: Mr. White! Isn't that so, Jimmy?
5) 46) dialog: I wouldn't know Mr. Kent. Most of the people I went to high school with are still  in high school.
5) 70) dialog: What about me?
5) 73) dialog: A story like this cries out for great human interest pictures. (envisioning them) The big dance! The Homecoming Game!                 Mr. Kent posing next to his old locker!
10) 0) text: A lot of the PASSENGERS are sleeping. A few read by the l overhead lights. Perhaps a couple cuddling in the back se toward the rear of the bus are CLARK and JIMMY. CLARK is to seem interested in what is obviously an interminable s telling him.
10) 1) dialog: But my Uncle Al, on my father's side, he won't eat her stuffing, he says it should be cooked on the outside of the turkey and she puts the stuffing inside the turkey. So my mother told my Aunt Ellen . . . Aunt Ellen's my father's half-sister, I told you that, right?
10) 3) dialog: The thing is though, my cousin Arnold, Aunt Rosey's Arnold this is, he got mad when Uncle Al insulted his mother's  stuffing, so now the problem is --
10) 7) dialog: Wow, what a beautiful sunrise!
11) 0) text: A few minutes later. The BUS DRIVER has gotten out to tal blocking the road. CLARK, JIMMY, and some OTHER PASSENGER bus also to find out what's happening. Throughout the following, CUT TO VARIOUS ANGLES showing o halted and one lane cleared for emergency vehicles to pass throu trucks, National Guard truck, etc.
11) 6) dialog: The nuclear power station?
11) 7) text: JIMMY turns and runs back onto the bus.
12) 0) text: JIMMY grabs his camera from the overhead rack, dashes out
13) 5) text: JIMMY comes out of the bus, pulls CLARK aside.
13) 6) dialog: Keep talking to that state trooper so he doesn't notice where I'm going, okay?
13) 8) dialog: You know what Mr. White said. A  photographer always goes after a story.
13) 11) text: On JIMMY -- The swashbuckling bravado of a 19 year-old:
13) 12) dialog: Danger? That goes with the territory,  Mr. Kent.
19) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- A wooden tower used for fire-spotting in the From this distance, we can barely make out that somebody tower, standing on the ledge. CLOSER ON THE TOWER -- It's JIMMY OLSEN, who has secured vantage point for taking photos of the fire. WIDE ANGLE ON THE TOWER--what he doesn't realize is that up behind the tower and will soon envelop it.
26) 0) text: MED. CLOSE ON THE TOP OF THE TOWER -- JIMMY is taking pho excited that he doesn't realize what danger he's in. LONG SHOT -- The flames attack the struts of the tower. T The entire tower buckles and topples forward like a man w broken legs. TIGHTER ANGLE -- As it falls. JIMMY is hurled out of the ON JIMMY-- He lays there, moaning in pain, clutching his Surrounded by fire. Things look very bad for him. ANGLE UP -- Suddenly, SUPERMAN appears walking through a unhurt by the fire. He makes his way to the fallen JIMY, out of the fire.
27) 0) text: The area of the command post where the ambulances are wai MEDICS, etc. stand by. SUPERMAN lands with JIMMY in his arms and gently lays him stretchers just by the ambulance.
27) 2) dialog: (in pain) It's my leg.
27) 3) text: SUPERMAN looks at Jimmy's leg. We see an X-ray shot of th
47) 0) text: INSERT: a finger is pushing a button. It's JIMMY OLSEN ta says:
47) 1) dialog: Smile!
47) 2) text: FULL SHOT -- The subjects of JIMMY'S photo are smiling so might burst. They are MR. and MRS. MAURY STOKIS, the winn contest. Clad in resort outfits, they are standing beneat
47) 7) text: NEW ANGLE -- revealing JIMMY, who has his leg in a cast. equipment, clearly not thrilled with his assignment. Stan HENDERSON, looking delighted, and PERRY WHITE. looking li to escape.
47) 12) dialog: (miserable) Why do I have to do this?
47) 15) dialog: It was hot!