33) 4) text: WIDER -- The gym is decorated: crepe paper, balloons, pos and blow-ups of the old black and white graduation photos including one of the series, studios, bespectacled young standard yearbook shots of the great moments of the class Senior Prom, production of 'Our Town,' etc.). Surrounded by COUPLES dancing tot he strains of Golden Ol school era, CLARK continues to make polite chat with MINN suddenly, he focuses on something across the room.  CLARK'S POV: Across the room, a YOUNG WOMAN about his age gym, carrying a stack of records in one arm and a stack o other. Red-haired and very pretty in an all-American way, the kind of girl who would instantly be surrounded by fri Oddly, she's not. In fact, she is the only woman here wit date. As if to platy down her aloneness, she instantly ge checking the refreshments and adjusting a loose decoratio picks up her plates and records again and turns to CAMERA spaces between dancing COUPLES, something that makes her C.U. LANA -- Her eyes sparkling with delight as she mimes
33) 5) dialog: Clark?
33) 13) dialog: Clark.
33) 14) text: She suddenly leans forward and kisses him on the cheek. (A NOTE ON LANA LANG: Lana is one of these people, who, b exigencies of her situation, seems to be carrying on thre and often doing two or three different tasks at once. Alt perfectly clear in their own minds about the direction th in, it's often confusing and disconcerting to others. As three conversation balls in the air simultaneously, Clark with her, getting lost in the conversation, thinking she in fact she's gone on to another subject. The effect is c unsettling for him, and should finally be genuinely charm eyes. In the dialogue as written, Lana's separate thought breaks and indications, but in performance they should ru non-stop).
33) 15) dialog: You look wonderful.
33) 19) dialog: No, I can mange, This is the first time you've been back since your mom passed away, isn't it? (as he nods) I can't believe it. 
33) 21) dialog: No, I can mange, This is the first time you've been back since your mom passed away, isn't it? (as he nods) I can't believe it. You came all the  way from Metropolis just for this dinky little reunion?
33) 24) dialog: (struck by the thought) And here I am, just standing  here. That's terrible. Thank you.
33) 26) dialog: For reminding me, I mean. Can you follow me?
33) 30) dialog: I just have to give these to the --
33) 33) text: LANA seems not to hear him as she sets the stack of recor table.
33) 34) dialog: Did you eat yet?
33) 36) dialog: (shaking her head) That's not right. (to Clark) Yes, you're right about me  and Donald but -- hold it a sec, okay?
33) 43) text: In the middle of the above, PAN DOWN FROM PHOTO to reveal bragging about his past exploits. Quite a shocking change thinning, surly, and possessing the bloated looks of a th going to pot, this is BRAD WILSON. He's talking to TWO CL stops and his face lights up as LANA passes nearby. FOLLO just a little unsteadily, to her side. As: Music: D.J. puts on a record of  "Earth Angel." We hear t lyric.
33) 48) text: BRAD grabs LANA'S arm. She pulls away, simultaneously sli through CLARK'S.
33) 49) dialog: I can't (quickly) Clark already asked me. (to CLARK) Didn't you? (to BRAD, improvising) He used to love this song. (to CLARK) Didn't you? (to BRAD) So he just said -- (to CLARK, a bit desperately) "Would you dance with me?"
33) 51) text: As they glide away onto he dance floor, LANA close to CLA jealous and pissed-off. WATCH THEM dance for a few moments. There's chemistry the assert itself. 
36) 0) text: TIGHT C.U. LANA -- Looking RIGHT
36) 1) dialog: (voice echoing slightly) Thanks for helping me out.
36) 4) text: EXTREME LONG SHOT -- CLARK and LANA are no longer dancing they are standing on top of the two tall ladders at oppos deserted gym. A space at least as large as a basketball c explaining the hollow rings in their voices. They talk in but louder than normally. They are engaged in taking down the reunion; the party's over. Crepe paper, banners. phot down and being stacked or discarded. The full bright gym ambiance any more. Between them is the platform that serv earlier; the electric piano and some of the loudspeakers feeling is one of 'after the ball.' (Note: throughout the following, LANA uses her various to staple extractor, etc....with marked skill and dexterity)
36) 5) dialog: (wryly) You'd be surprised how many offers I didn't get. Even Brad wouldn't stick around for this. (as she tries to 
36) 9) dialog: Not the streamers. Everything. Not that I'm complaining. It's 
36) 12) dialog: (louder) I feel like I can talk to you! FAVORING CLARK -- who looks pleased
36) 14) text: ON LANA -- as she reaches up and takes down a big, captio LANA and a YOUNG MAN (DONALD) dressed as King and Queen o DONALD is grinning proudly at the camera while LANA gazes
36) 15) dialog: (finishing CLARK'S sentence) Queen of the Prom?
36) 17) dialog: And three years after the  Royal Wedding, the King abdicated. (climbing down the  ladder now, suddenly looking away from CLARK)        
36) 20) dialog: (but she meant something else, as she points to  buffet table:) There must be a gallon of potato salad left over.
36) 22) dialog: You know what's the problem?
36) 24) dialog: Mayonnaise? Donald loved mayonnaise. Why would you 
36) 27) dialog: No, the problem is -- (heatedly) Why do I stay in Smallville? Believe me, I've asked myself the same question. Do you know  how lucky you are to live in Metropolis? (eyes shining) The Big Apricot.
36) 30) dialog: (wistfully) That's easy to say. But how? And what about Ricky?
36) 32) dialog: Ricky. My little boy. At least here we've got a house. and I've got a job. Okay, I'm only a  secretary, oaky, but it pays the bills. Except for last winter when the fuel bills kept going up and up and up. (extendes her hand, eyes her bare ring finger) I even had to pawn my diamond 
36) 35) text: LANA (o.s.) (resignedly) I guess there's nothing I can  do about that.
36) 37) dialog: (a little shrug) Well, we can't fly up there and get them.
36) 38) text: QUICK C. U. CLARK -- A fleeting, private smile. NEW ANGLE -- As CLARK starts to gather up the fallen stre LANA glances over at him.
36) 39) dialog: (tentatively) You...um...you never got married?
36) 41) text: As LANA starts to stack stuff in the corner of the gym, C piano, strikes a chord. Then:
36) 43) text: ON LANA -- She stops and turns, looks at him fondly, smil
36) 44) dialog: That song. I remember one day I came into the music room and you were fooling around at the  piano. And I thought -- what am I going to do with all this potato salad?
36) 46) dialog: (going back to  square one) I thought "Clark Kent has a  really nice voice." You didn't even know I was there.
36) 47) text: ON CLARK -- He stops singing, almost blushing. ON LANA -- She hasn't noticed. She is standing looking at yet been taken down from the wall -- that smiling and ser CLARK KENT.
36) 48) dialog: (quietly) You know, years later you can look at someone and think, well, I guess that's the one, that's the one that got away.
39) 0) text: FULL SHOT -- A six-lane bowling alley. BOWLERS playing. O B.G., a bar. CLOSER ON ONE LANE -- A bunch of KIDS are choosing up tea There seems to be some argument going on between the TWO BOY who stands a bit apart, looking forlorn and uncomfort the others, like the runt in a litter, and there's a cert him. He has his mother's red hair: this is LANA'S son, RI One of the team CAPTAINS is looking annoyed as he points
39) 4) text: REVERSE, WIDE: Seated around the scoreboard table are a n well as LANA and CLARK.
39) 5) dialog: (distressed) I just can't stand this.
39) 7) dialog: It isn't only that he's small for his age. how would you like to be the only kid in town without a father? (as she looks in another direction) Look at him, he's stewed to the gills in the middle of the afternoon.
39) 10) dialog: I mean him. She points, and CAMERA FOLLOWS HER GESTURE TO REVEAL BRAD toward them from the bar, a bottle of beer in his hand.
39) 16) text: And with that, he turns and heads right for RICKY. TWO SHOT --  CLARK and LANA
39) 17) dialog: Oh, no. This'll only make it worse.
39) 32) text: ON RICKY -- holding the heavy ball, he advances to the li C.U. LANA -- eyes averted. C.U. CLARK -- chalk dust on his face, his nose starts to to sneeze. ON RICKY -- he bowls the ball, rather weekly. C.U. CLARK -- who points his face at the line and lets ou EFFECTS: The Super-Sneeze causes the ball to whiz down th It hits the pins with such impact that they break into a many china cups. C.U. RICKY -- astonished. And then joyfully delighted. C.U. BRAD -- his jaw drops.
49) 0) text: TIGHT ON THE WORD "Smallville" painted on a sign. PUL BAC ENTIRE SIGN: "Smallville Groceries." WIDE SHOT -- The main shopping area of Smallville. In B.G out of the grocery store, carrying a bag of picnic suppli CLARK sits in the front seat of her 5-year \-old Chevy. R playing with his very frisky puppy, BUSTER. In F.G. LEFT discharging some PASSENGERS, many carrying suitcases. CLOSER ON THE CAR -- as CLARK sees LANA struggling with t and hefting her bag of supplies.
49) 7) text: In B.G. LANA and CLARK get in the car and drive off. HOLD he sets off down Main Street, passing a Sears type store, window display. A mannequin-like giant Ken doll in a gree leisure suit is grinning down at him. GUS shudders from t HOLD CAMAERA STAIONARY as SEEN FROM BEHIND, shoulders bow Main Street and off into the distance.
50) 0) text: EXTREME LONG SHOT -- In a clearing on the edge of acres o and LANA and RICKY and BUSTER the puppy are ensconced bet parked on the side of the road, and a picket fence that m farm. CLOSER -- On their picnic blanket LANA is proudly setting plastic containers of homemade goodies as CLARK sprinkles stalk.
50) 2) dialog: Some people don't think it's healthy.
50) 4) dialog: Clark, I think you worry too much about mayonnaise.
50) 6) dialog: I'm talking about salt. (as he hesitates uncertainly) Oh, go ahead, pour it on, relax. That's what picnics are for.
50) 12) dialog: (to CLARK) It's nice for Ricky.
50) 14) dialog: (enjoying the proximity) And even nicer when there's a man around, Which isn't all
50) 17) dialog: No, all the good ones are married. That's why Brad thinks he's God's gift to women. This woman anyway. He's single. He won't take no  for an answer, but he's the only one who's asking. And he knows it.
50) 19) text: RICKY RUNS TO HER. LANA is still beaming from CLARK'S pra
50) 22) text: LANA finds -- in the middle of this feast -- a lone, wax and hands it to RICKY with a mock sigh. As he takes off a TWO SHOT -- LANA turns back to CLARK. Holding a fork and has just sampled something he's not quite sure about.
50) 23) dialog: Peanut butter and jelly.
50) 25) dialog: No, I mean Ricky. He's not interested in any of this stuff.
50) 27) dialog: Pate? What pate? (leaning over -- very close to him now -- to peer into the container) I didn't make any -- (horrified pause; then) Oh, no, Clark. That's Buster's dog food.
50) 29) dialog: Gee, I haven't laughed like that since -- since -- (she suddenly realizes) I really can't remember when.
50) 32) dialog: So...how much longer do you think you'll be in Smallville --
50) 34) text: They both stop, smile a bit shyly at each other. Sound: nearby, the steady, grinding motor of a giant thre fields. EXT. WHEAT FIELDS: LONG SHOT of the enormous thresher cut its great blades and rollers turning. ON THE PICNIC: over the noise, LANA and CLARK are continu
50) 35) dialog: I suppose I've got to face it -- I'm not going to find what I want in Smallville anymore, but --
50) 37) dialog: (impatiently) I can never get a way from it.
50) 39) dialog: No. I mean, yes they are, but I         was talking about that. (she cocks her head towards the insistent sound) Wheat King. Bet your bottom  dollar that's a Wheat King  thresher. (continued)
50) 40) dialog: (thoughtfully) That's the biggest change in Smallville, you know. They've taken over this town. Everybody who isn't actually working for Wheat King -- like I do -- is out there -- (gesturing towards the fields) on a Wheat King thresher. (back to their conversation; she looks up at him eagerly) Do you think I could do it? Do you?
50) 43) dialog: No, what you said before, Could I  make it in Metropolis? I've dreamed about it, sure, but I never really thought about it. (uncertainly) What would I do when I got there?
50) 45) dialog: (quietly thrilled) Oh, I wouldn't want to -- I mean, I'd want to, but I wouldn't want  to...be a nuisance to you. ON RICKY -- about twenty feet away, having his own good t with his PUPPY in the tall grass. TWO SHOT -- CLARK and LANA
50) 48) dialog: (softly) Clark, may I tell you something? (as he waits, she looks away for a moment) My oil pan is leaking.
50) 50) dialog: See? (she points under the car)
50) 51) text: POV: A small puddle under the CHEVY is getting larger, da but steadily into it as: LANA (o.s.) See? There's something dripping.
50) 52) text: NEW ANGLE -- As LANA gets up, in B.G. we SEE BUSTER the d wheat.
50) 55) dialog: The dog's always doing that. (wryly, pointing to the leaky Chevy) And the car's always doing that.
50) 57) text: LANA opens the trunk, takes out a tool kit.
50) 58) dialog: No thanks. With all the trouble this thing gives me, I started studying up on auto repair. 
50) 60) text: ON CLARK -- watching her, smiling. Sound: the thresher grinds a way, coming and going, close LANA'S tapping. But CLARK suddenly hears something else. He sits up, frow towards the wheat fields. EFFECTS: Shimmery light waves coming from his ear denote action.  What he (and we) now HEARS: the plaintive insistent whini fields. Troubled, he turns in that direction, scanning th POV: SPECIAL EFFECTS: X-Ray Vision sees through the thick searching till it finds the PUPPY sitting, whimpering, be unconscious, completely hidden among rows of tall grain. chasing BUSTER, he has tripped and fallen, hitting his he jutting out of the earth beside him. There is a cut on th he doesn't move. Sound: suddenly the grinding, thrashing noise of the gian seems very close. AERIAL SHOT: LOOKING DOWN, we SEE the big thresher headin where little RICKY lays unseen.
52) 0) text: CLARK glances over at LANA, but she, of course, has heard underneath the car and goes on tinkering.
52) 3) text: He gets up and moves casually but very quickly towards th that LANA is safely out of sight doing her work, he darts EFFECTS: As he runs behind the fence, CLARK KENT turns in of the picket railings is like a strobe or time-lapse, i. each rail more and more of the SUPERMAN FIGURE begins to FIGURE. By the time he has reached the end of the fence.. zooms into the sky.
53) 2) text: 8. The thresher DRIVER, in his cab, mops his brow at the near miss. 9. SUPERMAN and RICKY coming towards the  parked car. ON THE CAR -- LANA still underneath. RICKY (o.s.) Mom!  Mom!
53) 3) text: LANA slides out from under, and is astonished at what she landing with her SON in his arms.
53) 4) dialog: Ricky?  Where...what...
53) 6) dialog: Thank ...you.
53) 9) dialog: Oh. I'm Lana Lang. This is  Ricky.
53) 11) dialog: And this is... (she looks around ...Clark. (to SUPERMAN) My friend is around here somewhere, I'll just look for...                
53) 15) dialog: (trying  to make  What were you doing anyway?
53) 19) text: NEW ANGLE -- as LANA and RICKY run to CLARK
53) 22) dialog: He really was!
53) 24) dialog: Well, aren't you excited?
69) 0) text: CLARK KENT, holding a little bouquet, stands on the porch Midwestern house. LANA, in her apron, has come out to wel looking at an old-fashioned porch swing.
69) 2) dialog: Me too. That's why I put this one up.
69) 4) dialog: Maybe it's be better if you moved over here a little...
69) 7) dialog: (a little smile) He decorated it himself. (now she means the swing) Should have used chains instead of rope.
104) 0) text: ON LANA -- upset, talking on the phone.
104) 1) dialog: Well, that autograph you got him from Superman -- he got really carried away after that and told the other kids that Superman's his pal. And he said Superman's even coming to visit him for his  birthday next Wednesday. (catching a breath) Okay, it was wrong. But when Wednesday comes...and Superman doesn't...
107) 1) dialog: (into the phone, her voice trembling with happiness) Well, he's going to get the best home-cooked meal he's had in... in a long time. You tell Superman we think he's wonderful.
108) 1) dialog: (softly, into the phone) But Clark...you're the best.                        
111) 2) dialog: Well...I guess they did get a little carried away.
111) 3) text: CONTINUE PULLBACK TO WIDE SHOT TO REVEAL how Smallville g wooden platform, the type they put up for 4th of July spe has been erected in the middle of Main Street. Seated the SUPERMAN, LANA, and RICKY, are LOCAL DIGNITARIES looking The MAYOR is clearing his throat at a microphone. A table him and on it are some gifts for SUPERMAN. A banner, stre STREET, reads "SMALLVILLE WELCOMES SUPERMAN." Crowded aro TOWNSPEOPLE, young and old. A few yards away the HIGH SCH brass buttons gleaming, awaits their cue.
115) 0) text: SUPERMAN is relaxing after an early supper, sitting on th through a photo album. PAN TO SEE LANA as she tiptoes out
115) 1) dialog: He was asleep before his head hit the pillow. (smiling) Well, this was only the biggest day of his life. I really don't know how to thank you.
115) 3) dialog: (almost blushing) Oh well, I do like to cook. You'll take some coffee,  won't you? (quickly) Decaffeinated, of course.
115) 4) text: And she disappears into the kitchen. Sound: A telephone rings in the kitchen. We hear LANA mur occasionally, as: ON SUPERMAN -- he sits up, frowning. He presses his eyes if to clear it, as if he suddenly had a headache or got d don't seem to help much. He just sinks back into the sofa really isn't feeling like himself. LANA hurries back in, very upset.
115) 5) dialog: (almost in on breath) Superman, I'm sorry. I really hate to cut this evening short, but... my friend Betty just called! There's been an accident on the old River 
115) 8) dialog: (surprised) But the bridge...
115) 15) dialog: Listen, are you sure you shouldn't do something about the bridge?
115) 18) text: And he rushes out. HOLD ON LANA, looking after him, still
116) 0) text: Just as LANA said, a big tank truck has turned over on it painted on the tank, which has indeed sprung a considerab the side. Acid is trickling out with accompanying hissing corrosion effects. AN EMERGENCY CREW is doing its best, t from a hose to keep the acid from eating away the pilings CLOSER -- the acid drips onto the support system of the b old metal away right before our eyes. LONGER -- the bridge starts to sway dangerously and the p POLICE CARS, FIRETRUCKS there. Ropes have been attached t and GUYS are holding fast on shore. ON THE GUYS -- many of them hold wet cloths over their fa from the terrible acid fumes. Smoke curls back in their f try to stem the inevitable.
148) 0) text: LANA is talking into a phone on the wall. Right beside he RICKY is doing his homework.
148) 1) dialog: (into the phone wearily) No, I cannot go out with you tonight...No, I'm busy tomorrow night too.
150) 1) dialog: (into phone) I'll think of something. Look, I've got to go. Ricky         needs me. (she hangs up and leans over RICKY, pointing to a math problem on his page) The first part of the problem is okay, honey, but here I  think--
150) 3) dialog: (picking up the phone but still talking to RICKY) -- you've got the wrong number. (into phone) No, not you. I wish you'd get the wrong number. (almost pleading) Brad, please stop calling me. I've told you-- (to RICKY) --four times forty and then divide five. Give it another.
152) 0) text: ON LANA - Disgusted, she hangs up, but then just stands t bleak truth.
152) 1) dialog: (to herself) What else have I  got in  Smallville?
154) 0) text: As LANA hangs up slowly, RICKY turns to her, holding up h
154) 2) dialog: (suddenly, resolute) So do I. (she picks up the phone again and dials quickly) Smallville Airport? What flights do you have to Metropolis tomorrow?
158) 0) text: DRIVER in front seat; LANA and RICKY in back.
158) 4) text: Before LANA can stop him, he opens his door and goes out has no choice but to follow him. ON TH EPART OF THE CROWD where RICKY and LANA stand.
158) 9) text: LANA struggles through, trying to get to him. ON SUPERMAN -- his eyes flick toward the sound of his nam
158) 15) text: ON SUPERMAN -- starting to walk away, but something in RI momentarily. He turns, looks at the BOY. For a second, th flicker of understanding in his eyes. Then he scowls and down the street. ON THE CROWD -- LANA manages to get to RICKY'S side. She
158) 16) dialog: (this is very hard for her to say) Ricky, he's changed.
158) 21) text: Again, that odd hesitation in SUPERMAN'S basically snarli wolf-like, he keeps going. ON LANA and RICKY.
158) 22) dialog: (her heart is breaking for her son's lost illusions) He's not listening to you, Ricky.
195) 0) text: A subway train is moving down the tunnel TOWARD CAMERA. A SEE LANA and RICKY inside. Suddenly the black-out hits. L stops. Sound: screaming, panic of the PASSENGERS.
205) 1) dialog: Clark! What a nice surprise! Come on in.
206) 0) text: RICKY is sitting at a little table/desk, enjoying the Roo was brought up on that trolley outside. The room is small, a bit cramped, what with a folding cot for RICKY, plus a chair, table, LANA'S bed, etc.
206) 4) dialog: (nodding understandingly) I guess he misses a lot of dinners.
206) 6) dialog: (brightening) Anyday...
206) 7) text: TWO-SHOT -- CLARK and LANA
206) 9) text: diamond ring, he thought  that was terrible. (awkwardly) So when he found this sort of, um, lying around -- well, he thought you might like to  have it. He takes from his breast pocket a little ring set with th squeezed out of coal. He lays it in her hand. MED. C.U. LANA -- She just stares at it as if she can't b happening. When she looks up at CLARK, her eyes are very moist.
206) 10) dialog: I...I...
208) 0) text: Slipping the ring on her finger, LANA studies its gleam i glows with pleasure herself.
208) 5) dialog: (still in the throes 
208) 8) dialog: Brad!
211) 7) text: NEW ANGLE -- The office door opens and LANA LANG, looking head in.
211) 8) dialog: (softly, as she puts some papers on  PERRY'S desk) Hi. Clark.
211) 11) dialog: Glad to meet you, Miss Lane. I like your writing a lot.
211) 13) dialog: (confiding, happily) Me too. I couldn't believe it  when Clark gave it to me.