2) 0) text: (NOTE: The following sequence, which occurs during, under designed as an elaborate, spectacular series of events ba Goldberg principle, i.e., a serial development of cause-a in scope and size. The "gimmick" that further marks this At the moment when each new development of "effect" is ju itself, the FRAME FREEZES and the next CREDIT (actors, co director, etc.) appears. Then the FRAME UNFREEZES, the in place, leading to the next event in the chain of cause-an perfect next moment comes when again there is a FREEZE FR on. In the following, we have refrained from indicating exact FRAME and CREDIT should be, as that is more precisely dis process. Thus:) ESTABLISHING SHOT -- The busy streets of Metropolis on a morning. Hustle and bustle, PEDESTRIANS and vehicles. It' people are on their way to work. As theme music continues 1.        Coming out the front door of a building is an a voluptuous, sexy, young, and healthy. Her every step casu boggling ripples. She is seemingly oblivious to the effec by. About 25 years old, this is somebody we will be seein LORELEI AMBROSIA. 2.        As she walks AWAY FROM CAMERA, her rear end rem puppies fighting in a sack, a GUY walking down the street direction turns to ogle at her and therefore doesn't look bumps into a table-top tray of  TOY WIND-UP PENGUINS bein PENGUINS, about 20 of them, go waddling off in different the street. 3.        A split-second later, a MAN IN A CAP, also walk direction, comes abreast of LORELEI, turns to look at her right in front of him (he's near the curb) is a street-si it face first. 4. Clutching his smashed nose, he recoils backwards with full- force into a GIRL ON ROLLER SKATES. 5.        Knocked off balance, wobbling erratically, she hot dog wagon on the corner of the street. Standing there snack, is the DAILY PLANET photographer and cub reporter to the office. The HOT DOG VENDOR has put a frank on a bu squirt the mustard on it when the ROLLER SKATER crashes i The mustard squirts on Jimmy's face instead and the wagon considerable momentum.  6.        On the corner of the next street are three tele In each booth is a CALLER. The LAST CALLER, A WOMAN, hold dangles outside her phone booth. On the end of this leash waiting patiently outside while his mistress talks on the dog wagon, picking up speed, hits the first phone booth w impact. 7. Causing a domino effect: the first booth tips over, wi it. and hits the second booth, tipping it and its OCCUPAN turn knocks over the third booth, causing the LADY inside the leash. Immediately the LITTLE DOG, startled by the cr down the street, trailing his leash. 8. Further down the street is a BLIND MAN holding the han attached to his SEEING-EYE DOG stands in a doorway. As th running by, the SEEING-EYE DOG gets excited and pulls fre chasing the other DOG. Startled, the BLIND MAN staggers o feeling for his DOG, just as: 9. A AWHITE-LINE ROAD PAINTER workman is coming down the handle of his motorized line-painting machine, which he i down the center of the street, painting, AS WE SEE a stra distracted by the CHARGING DOGS and lets go of his machin later, the BLIND MAN staggers out into the road, reaches feels exactly like the handle of his Seeing-eye Dog harne line-painting machine. 10. Which now continues down the road guided by a BLIND M being painted curves, zig-zags, and bends so that any mot it would go berserk. 11. In the meantime, strolling down a side-street, with t springing step, affable smile for the world, neat suit, h none other than CLARK KENT. He suddenly jumps back as the whizzing by and instinctively reaches down with super-spe This he does, but if the leash stops, the DOG doesn't. In free of the collar, leaving a bemused CLARK standing ther leash. 12. The DOGS whiz by the MAN IN THE CAP (fellow who keeps and getting hurt). As he leaps back to avoid them, he fal manhole. 13. In the middle of the street, the white-line maker "gu is heading for the area of the street where the open manh loses control of the white-line painter and is about to s when: 14. The now-capless bald head of the MAN IN THE CAP emerg just in time for the BLIND MAN to step right on it (like pond by stepping on the stones). The BLIND MAN, busy whis dog, never noticed how near to disaster he came, but the MAN IN THE CAP is now imprinted with a black sole marl. 15. The white-line roller, with nobody steering it, crash barrier that has been set up on the other side of the ope smudge pots mark the barrier. The white-line roller hits 16. The smudge pot goes rolling across the gutter, stops. comes one of those TOY PENGUINS. It hits the smudge pot a on fire by the flame. 17. The now flaming PENQUIN continues walking across the newspaper stand. Stacked on the curb beside it are a bund newspapers. The burning toy comes to a stop against the s smoulder. 18. Further down the street is a bank. And just at this m the bank, a gun in one hand, a sack of stolen money in th ROBBER. A BANK GUARD races from the bank and gives chase. doesn't see: 19. A MAN removing a ladder (the kind which hooks onto cl van truck). As the MAN and ladder turn, the ladder hook g hands. The MAN WITH THE LADDER, never realizing what he h 180 degrees with the ladder and the money bag is pulled o 20. The wires of a scaffold where some BUILDING REPAIRMEN go up the side of a building. A second after the sack is platform, the scaffold starts to rise. 21. The BANK GUARD fires at the ROBBER, but his shot miss windshield of a passing car. The windshield shatters and a fire hydrant on the curb. 22. Water gushes out of the hydrant, filling up the inter goldfish bowl, the DRIVER trapped inside. 23. Across the street, the flaming newspapers have set th 24. Hearing the screams and shouts, CLARK KENT looks down what's happening. Quickly, he looks around for a place to none. 25. HE dashes down the street, pausing for a regretful lo booths on their sides (no way for him there). He spots an one of those Photomat Booths inside, enters it, behind th coin drop in the slot; the OCCUPIED sign goes on; the lig later, bursting out of the booth. . . SUPERMAN! 26. He's just about to take off, when he does an "Oops!" four photos drop into the receptacle. AS he turns to go b wanders by and SUPERMAN grabs them out of his hand. ON TH change. PHOTO 1" Clark.  2. Clark with glasses off, shirt along. 4. SUPERMAN. Quickly he tears off the fourth pictu astonished KID. 27. SUPERMAN lands on top of the car . . . now totally fi Quickly, he rips open the sun roof, reaches inside and ha out. Then, jumping to the ground, he lifts the car off th down, then jams the broken hydrant back into the sidewalk gushing water. 28. Across the street, the kiosk is engulfed in flames. S flies across the street with it and turns it upside down water gushes out and douses the flames. 29. JIMMY OLSEN, watching from the sidewalk, sheers:
2) 4) text: And as he turns, he inadvertently licks over one can of p Paint slowly  starts to drip out and over the side. 36. QUICK PAN DOWN TO STREET LEVEL BELOW WHERE WE LOOK th the window of a posh Art Gallery. Inside, a DIGNIFIED GEN large sum of money to the OWNER as his purchase, a large frame, is being moved toward the door by the GALLERY WORK 37. The DIGNIFIED GENTLEMAN exits the gallery first. As h drops of paint from the tipped-over paint can above start automatically opens his umbrella at the first sign of fal 38. After a pause, there seems to be no more precipitatio umbrella. A second later, the entire can of paint falls o 39. He reels backwards from the blow and crashes into a p the sidewalk (outside an adjacent candy store). 40. The gumball machine crashes to the ground, the glass hundred little gumballs roll onto the sidewalk. 41. Way down the street, the BANK ROBBER is fleeing from GUARD, constantly looking over his shoulder to see if he' 42. On the other side of the art gallery, PATRONS in a si entertained by one of those STREET PERFORMERS seen everyw second-rate Marcel Marceau, i.e. a white-faced, black leo MIME is doing the classic routine of a man climbing a hil wind. He doesn't see the gumballs rolling toward him unti Desperately trying to maintain his routine, his feet star faster and faster. he loses balance completely and falls ass. 43. The BANK ROBBER dashes down the street, COPS giving c fallen MIME. The sudden halting of his rapid forward moti straight forward just as: 44. The oil painting is being carried out of the gallery BAN KROBBER goes head-first right through the painting. 45. On the other side of the painting, a TEENAGER dribbli knocked down by the ROBBER. The basketball bounces and go air. 46. It lands in the cooker of a Hot Fog Wagon, which has against the side of a building. The heat causes the baske and swell . . . 47. CLARK KENT, in civvies again, comes out of a doorway. 48. ON THE BASKETBALL which swells to the bursting point rubber and strings of hot-dogs go flying into the air. 49. On street level, LORELEI AMBROSIA comes jiggling down having no idea of the events she set in motion. 50. Ahead of her, halfway down the block, a panel truck, parked in front of a bakery. A DELIVERY MAN emerges from tray of custard pies. 51. The bakery's DELIVERY MAN doesn't see the hot dogs ro He steps on them, trips. This causes: 52. A custard pie to fly up into the air, heading right f kisser of LORELEI, who is walking the other way. 53. CLARK spots what is about to happen and, with a very front of the momentarily startled girl and, in the same m up and catches the pie neatly just when it was inches awa in one smooth motion, CLARK whisks it away and out of sig waiter, as LORELEI, who never noticed, continues on. 54. What CLARK doesn't notice, though, is the bruised bat who turns the corner exactly at this second and walks sma custard pie in CLARK'' outstretched hand.
5) 3) text: understand. The point of the story Lois wrote is how the Ross Webster  got this great honor. You bring me one  photograph of him and fifteen pictures of this person! As he says this, he points to a bunch of other photos on ON THE PHOTOS --  They are various shots of the same GIRL all the chaos on the streets before: LORELEI AMBROSIA. Sh banquet dais in a low cut gown. As we SEE these, PERRY'S
37) 12) text: Suddenly, the door flies open and LORELEI bursts in, all
37) 13) dialog: Ross, honey, it's time for your massage...
37) 15) text: VERA is seething with animosity: LORELEI looks at her wit
37) 19) dialog: Why don't you hold your breath, instead? Maybe you'll turn blue. On you that'd be an improvement.
37) 27) text: Right! and it upsets me very much when my favorite sister an my favorite Aerobic Instructor don't get along. (Continued) ROSS (cont.) (sternly, shaking his finger at them) Now I don't want to ever see this sort of thing again or... well,... (threateningly) I can't have anyone with me who isn't with me. (reluctant murmurs of                 assent from the WOMEN)         Now...kiss and make up. Surely, LORELEI pursers her lips.
37) 39) text: on quietly taking the bread from  our mouths. unless he's a total  ignoramus, he'll keep a low profile and won't do a thing to call attention  to himself. (voice rising) Unless he is an utter moron... Suddenly: Sound: A loud sports car motor revs up outside the window last lap at Sebring. FULL SHOT -- ROSS, VERA, LORELEI, and SIMPSON, startled a to the window to look out and see what it is. POV: OUT THE WINDOW -- The company parking lot. Zooming d then executing a hairpin turn, burning rubber and pulling is an incredible bright red Ferrari...the flashiest of sp imagine;. Behind the wheel still dressed in his shabby, s GORMAN.
48) 7) text: Without knocking, as usual, LORELEI bursts into the offic
48) 8) dialog: Did I hear somebody say "cute thing?"
48) 13) dialog: You're cute too.
48) 17) text: LORELEI smile through her pain, keeps shaking her hand in
89) 1) text: standing at the top of a ski slope. He pushes off and ski the bottom of the slope, reclining on a deck chair, weari holding a reflector to her face, to enhance her tan, is L to a stop, he sends a great spray of 'snow' all over LORE playfully. LORELEI Ooooooh, I'll get you for that, you big silly!
89) 4) dialog: Diet soda?
91) 1) dialog: (slowly, sensually rubbing suntan oil into her skin) Oil?
96) 5) text: As she beats LORELEI in a footrace to see which one will help him out of his folding chair, PAN TO GUS. Looking mi he is talking to himself (nobody else is paying attention over to a pair of skis with boots attached laying nearby.
96) 13) text: ROSS stomps off into the snow, feeling sorry for himself. FAVORING LORELEI --annoyed at VERA'S ass-kissing, she sta steaming mug of mulled wine that has been sitting on the dips the cheese-cloth bag of spices...like an outsized te seeping in the cup, then takes it out. Carrying it by its boiling hot wine and waves of steam are rising from it), and seems about to drop the hot bag in VERA'S wastebasket on the unsuspecting VERA'S outstretched hand. Which brings VERA leaping and screaming to her feet, her the air.
96) 16) dialog: (quickly) Vera's practicing her karate.
96) 17) text: Trying to put a good front on it, VERA has no choice but series of cries and arm chops. But she uses the last two genuine karate  blow in the gut. LORELEI doubles over. VE just the usual bowing ritual at the end of a karate exhib
96) 23) dialog: (suddenly) Kryptonham!
96) 26) dialog: Kryptonham... (unsure) or Kryptonheimer...I forget what you call it, but it's the  stuff that can kill Superman.
96) 28) dialog: (off minded) Hey, I know a lot of things!
120) 0) text: ROSS and LORELEI are using the gym equipment in the offic attired; he in a sweat suit, she in mind-boggling spandex in place on a treadmill with a pedometer attached; she's sharp angle, pulling on ropes attached to  counter-weight stacked on a Nautilus machine. VERA sits at the desk in h suit, reading aloud from the TIME magazine just SEEN.
120) 3) dialog: (bending, pulling) And he use to be such a  sweetie pie! What's wrong with him the last two weeks? 
120) 4) text: VERA "casually" extends her foot and kicks the toggle bol weights in place. LORELEI, leaning forward with suddenly ropes, she pulls, falls forward flat on her face. ROSS tu happened. instantly, VERA begins counting:
120) 6) text: LORELEI, smiling gamely, immediately starts doing push-up
123) 0) text: LORELEI is all alone in the office, seated at a table, de book. CLOSER ON HER: The book she's reading with such interest Critique of Pure Reason.
123) 1) dialog: (aloud, puzzled) How can he say that pure categories have no objective  meaning in transcendental  logic? What about synthetic unity?
123) 3) dialog: Hi, honey, am I in your way?
123) 30) text: Before ROSS can even ask her, LORELEI discretely leaves t are alone.
129) 0) text: ON A TINY GREEN BOAT-SHAPED BLIP on an illuminated map. F crosses the map, joining a whole herd of other boat-shape center. As it moves into place: Sound: Someone applauds and utters a small female "yay!" WIDE SHOT -- LORELEI is applauding. ROSS is standing besi the glowing convoy. VERA does not look so happy.
134) 0) text: In the crown of the statue, LORELEI waits like a siren on clinging wisps of silk that reveal more than they conceal in the wind, her eyes sparkle like fabulous jewels, her p sits on the edge of the crown, dangling her legs over the if provocative, position. ON SKY -- SUPERMAN stops in mid-flight, hovers, and lands of the crown.
134) 1) dialog: (breathy, but cool) I thought you'd never get here.
134) 3) dialog: ( a little smile) Don't worry. I'm long past saving.
134) 4) text: She uncoils. She rises sinuously. She stretches. ON SUPERMAN -- watching her. ON LORELEI -- the sunset lighting her from behind, haloin her incredible body. TWO SHOT -- he just stands there. But the chemistry betwe overwhelming. And part of it is the challenge: who is goi move?
134) 5) dialog: Well, don't let me keep you from anything.
134) 7) dialog: (lowering her eyes) Lots of things...
134) 10) dialog: (leaning into him) I'll do more than tell you. I'll show you, back at my place. If you'll just do me one little favor first.
134) 12) dialog: Never. (she giggles) I get air-sick. You wouldn't like that.
134) 14) dialog: It isn't much, really, you see, there's this little boat. Well, not so little, really. And it's 
140) 0) text: WIDE SHOT as SUPERMAN lands on the terrace -- his place o TO HIS RIGHT, the "ski resort" area. ON SUPERMAN -- as he touches down. he looks around. Then, LORELEI'S voice: LORELEI (o.s.) Hi. In here...
140) 1) text: SUPERMAN looks in the direction of the voice. POV: LORELEI lays on the shaggy rug in front of the roari figure-hugging thermals.
140) 2) dialog: (seductively) How about a little apres-ski?
170) 7) text: AERIAL SHOT: ZOOM DOWN TO a startling sight. Atop one of middle of the giant gorge are FIVE TINY FIGURES. 2 MEN: 2 NEW ANGLE -- Behind them, above the canyon, we SEE pylons major electrical power source is here. GROUP SHOT: GUS is holding the donkey on a lead. ROSS, VE adjusting curious devices attached by back-pack harnesses individual hot-air balloons. ROSS and VERA have already b adjusting the ballast. LORELEI is inflating hers, which, others' utilitarian gray, is a shocking pink balloon that
170) 9) dialog: This is fun!
170) 18) text: The DONKEY starts walking down the winding         path t him down to the bottom of the canyon. ROSS, VERA, and LORELEI activate their little hot-air gad themselves off the edge of the cliff. FULL SHOT, LONG: like invading paratroopers, the THREE of the canyon, as GUS, SEEN TO FAR LEFT OF FRAME, rides his footpath.
172) 1) dialog: I can't see anything.
172) 3) dialog: Where's the light switch?
172) 17) dialog: Gus?
172) 25) dialog: (not cowed by VERA'S jargon) In other words, push this red button.
173) 2) dialog: (delighted) Oh, Superman!
173) 4) dialog: He can have mine. Anytime.
187) 2) text: ON LORELEI -- waving from her perch.
187) 3) dialog: Hi, honey.
187) 5) dialog: But the other night...
187) 15) dialog: (to GUS) That's only his last name. He likes to be called Super-man.
187) 36) text: When suddenly: EFFESCTS: With an unearthly roar, the machine itself come even more terrifying life. It glows much hotter and brigh pulsing with tremendous energy. LORELEI screams in terror
187) 37) dialog: Make it stop!        
187) 40) dialog: But how? Where's it getting the power from ?                        
192) 1) dialog: No! Don't leave us alone in here! Superman -- (but he's gone)
192) 4) text: But LORELEI is first on the stairs, as she runs like hell itself. VERA is right behind her. LORELEI gets to the bot "moat" via one of the wedge-shaped grids. ON ROSS -- coming-to in the interior, by the generator. h runs after LORELEI. A moment later, VERA, coming from the greatest distance, the moat.
192) 5) text: EFFECTS: VERA is literally "sucked" back into the machine "moat" and pulled into the computer's entrails. As she sc intense force slams her into a section of the circuitry. ON VERA: A monstrous transformation begins to take place. the machine. No longer human. Circuitry appears beneath h and distorts into grotesque non-human cubistic form. Char power pass into her body, light it up. The effect is very Unearthly sounds come from her throat. NEW ANGLE -- As LORELEI tries to run from the cave, "VERA and a silvery sphere of "magneticism" shoots out like a c her. Suddenly LORELEI is yanked upwards, stuck fast to th screaming, kicking, unable to free herself. C.U. VERA -- This is no longer a human face. A hideous ar from her forehead and shoots out a hot yellow beam. NEW ANGLE -- the yellow beam hits ROSS, stopping him in h the machine, torturing him.
198) 0) text: LOOKING TOWARD THE ENTRANCE: As SUPERMAN, looking a bit b enters. He holds his left arm behind his back, under his hurt elbow. REVERSE: WIDE ANGLE SHOWS US WHAT HE, TOO, SEES: The mach and brighter; VERA, totally transformed into a robot-like training the painful yellow ray on ROSS, who is immobiliz LORELEI still pinned to the wall up high by the magnetic
198) 4) text: He drops the nuclear core in the center of the machine. LONG SHOT: The giant computer begins to glow even more br Red-hot, then white hot, then it begins to crackle and ru machine is overdosing. EFFECTS: IN SPECTACULAR SERIES OF SHOTS, the machine self Burn-outs. Short circuits. Flare-ups. Entire chunks of me air. Tremendous noise. It's like watching the end of the machine commit suicide. IN THE MIDST OF THIS, INTERCUT SHOT OF LORELEI, released sliding down the cave wall and landing unceremoniously (a the ground. At last there is a gigantic explosion within the computer disintegrates, bursting apart from its own gluttony, wrea destruction within the cave. A long moment as the dust settles. No sign of life. Piles rock everywhere. It looks like a bombed-out battlefield. ON A MOUND OF EARTH AND DEBRIS -- The hand of a white man from beneath the pile of rock. PAN SLIGHTLY LEFT: From an adjacent mound of rubble, the seen pushing out from beneath the earth. And SUPERMAN and GUS clasp hands and pull each other out mounds. They struggle up and out, clutching their hands together: partners at last.