2) 0) text: (NOTE: The following sequence, which occurs during, under designed as an elaborate, spectacular series of events ba Goldberg principle, i.e., a serial development of cause-a in scope and size. The "gimmick" that further marks this At the moment when each new development of "effect" is ju itself, the FRAME FREEZES and the next CREDIT (actors, co director, etc.) appears. Then the FRAME UNFREEZES, the in place, leading to the next event in the chain of cause-an perfect next moment comes when again there is a FREEZE FR on. In the following, we have refrained from indicating exact FRAME and CREDIT should be, as that is more precisely dis process. Thus:) ESTABLISHING SHOT -- The busy streets of Metropolis on a morning. Hustle and bustle, PEDESTRIANS and vehicles. It' people are on their way to work. As theme music continues 1.        Coming out the front door of a building is an a voluptuous, sexy, young, and healthy. Her every step casu boggling ripples. She is seemingly oblivious to the effec by. About 25 years old, this is somebody we will be seein LORELEI AMBROSIA. 2.        As she walks AWAY FROM CAMERA, her rear end rem puppies fighting in a sack, a GUY walking down the street direction turns to ogle at her and therefore doesn't look bumps into a table-top tray of  TOY WIND-UP PENGUINS bein PENGUINS, about 20 of them, go waddling off in different the street. 3.        A split-second later, a MAN IN A CAP, also walk direction, comes abreast of LORELEI, turns to look at her right in front of him (he's near the curb) is a street-si it face first. 4. Clutching his smashed nose, he recoils backwards with full- force into a GIRL ON ROLLER SKATES. 5.        Knocked off balance, wobbling erratically, she hot dog wagon on the corner of the street. Standing there snack, is the DAILY PLANET photographer and cub reporter to the office. The HOT DOG VENDOR has put a frank on a bu squirt the mustard on it when the ROLLER SKATER crashes i The mustard squirts on Jimmy's face instead and the wagon considerable momentum.  6.        On the corner of the next street are three tele In each booth is a CALLER. The LAST CALLER, A WOMAN, hold dangles outside her phone booth. On the end of this leash waiting patiently outside while his mistress talks on the dog wagon, picking up speed, hits the first phone booth w impact. 7. Causing a domino effect: the first booth tips over, wi it. and hits the second booth, tipping it and its OCCUPAN turn knocks over the third booth, causing the LADY inside the leash. Immediately the LITTLE DOG, startled by the cr down the street, trailing his leash. 8. Further down the street is a BLIND MAN holding the han attached to his SEEING-EYE DOG stands in a doorway. As th running by, the SEEING-EYE DOG gets excited and pulls fre chasing the other DOG. Startled, the BLIND MAN staggers o feeling for his DOG, just as: 9. A AWHITE-LINE ROAD PAINTER workman is coming down the handle of his motorized line-painting machine, which he i down the center of the street, painting, AS WE SEE a stra distracted by the CHARGING DOGS and lets go of his machin later, the BLIND MAN staggers out into the road, reaches feels exactly like the handle of his Seeing-eye Dog harne line-painting machine. 10. Which now continues down the road guided by a BLIND M being painted curves, zig-zags, and bends so that any mot it would go berserk. 11. In the meantime, strolling down a side-street, with t springing step, affable smile for the world, neat suit, h none other than CLARK KENT. He suddenly jumps back as the whizzing by and instinctively reaches down with super-spe This he does, but if the leash stops, the DOG doesn't. In free of the collar, leaving a bemused CLARK standing ther leash. 12. The DOGS whiz by the MAN IN THE CAP (fellow who keeps and getting hurt). As he leaps back to avoid them, he fal manhole. 13. In the middle of the street, the white-line maker "gu is heading for the area of the street where the open manh loses control of the white-line painter and is about to s when: 14. The now-capless bald head of the MAN IN THE CAP emerg just in time for the BLIND MAN to step right on it (like pond by stepping on the stones). The BLIND MAN, busy whis dog, never noticed how near to disaster he came, but the MAN IN THE CAP is now imprinted with a black sole marl. 15. The white-line roller, with nobody steering it, crash barrier that has been set up on the other side of the ope smudge pots mark the barrier. The white-line roller hits 16. The smudge pot goes rolling across the gutter, stops. comes one of those TOY PENGUINS. It hits the smudge pot a on fire by the flame. 17. The now flaming PENQUIN continues walking across the newspaper stand. Stacked on the curb beside it are a bund newspapers. The burning toy comes to a stop against the s smoulder. 18. Further down the street is a bank. And just at this m the bank, a gun in one hand, a sack of stolen money in th ROBBER. A BANK GUARD races from the bank and gives chase. doesn't see: 19. A MAN removing a ladder (the kind which hooks onto cl van truck). As the MAN and ladder turn, the ladder hook g hands. The MAN WITH THE LADDER, never realizing what he h 180 degrees with the ladder and the money bag is pulled o 20. The wires of a scaffold where some BUILDING REPAIRMEN go up the side of a building. A second after the sack is platform, the scaffold starts to rise. 21. The BANK GUARD fires at the ROBBER, but his shot miss windshield of a passing car. The windshield shatters and a fire hydrant on the curb. 22. Water gushes out of the hydrant, filling up the inter goldfish bowl, the DRIVER trapped inside. 23. Across the street, the flaming newspapers have set th 24. Hearing the screams and shouts, CLARK KENT looks down what's happening. Quickly, he looks around for a place to none. 25. HE dashes down the street, pausing for a regretful lo booths on their sides (no way for him there). He spots an one of those Photomat Booths inside, enters it, behind th coin drop in the slot; the OCCUPIED sign goes on; the lig later, bursting out of the booth. . . SUPERMAN! 26. He's just about to take off, when he does an "Oops!" four photos drop into the receptacle. AS he turns to go b wanders by and SUPERMAN grabs them out of his hand. ON TH change. PHOTO 1" Clark.  2. Clark with glasses off, shirt along. 4. SUPERMAN. Quickly he tears off the fourth pictu astonished KID. 27. SUPERMAN lands on top of the car . . . now totally fi Quickly, he rips open the sun roof, reaches inside and ha out. Then, jumping to the ground, he lifts the car off th down, then jams the broken hydrant back into the sidewalk gushing water. 28. Across the street, the kiosk is engulfed in flames. S flies across the street with it and turns it upside down water gushes out and douses the flames. 29. JIMMY OLSEN, watching from the sidewalk, sheers:
2) 6) text: 55. As the MAN IN THE CAP stands there wiping pie off his the  curb and waits for the light to change so he can cross. 56. NEW ANGLE -- A big truck comes down the street. There the gutter, the residue of an early morning rain. The cur the water, causing it to splash CLARK. AS the big splash FINAL FREEZE FRAME and the FINAL (DIRECTOR'S) CREDIT. ON CLARK -- He looks down in mild dismay. His pant legs a Quickly, he turns and walks into the park entrance. FOLLO on an unoccupied bench. Trying not to call attention to h newspaper, pretends to read it. It is today's DAILY PLANE CLOSER ON CLARK -- He looks around to make sure nobody is is. Satisfied, he raises his glasses and looks down at hi EFFECTS:  The red rays of Heat Vision emanate from his ey as he extends his legs on the park bench. In a second, th dries and re-pleated. CLARK (to himself) Neatness counts.
5) 0) text: INSERT --  On a 8 x 10 photograph laying on a desktop. It in his mid-40's, wearing black tie, standing up at a form a plaque. A captain of industry who has taken pains to pr "regular guy," this is ROSS WEBSTER. As CAMERA studies this photo, we hear the voice of PERRY PERRY (o.s.) Who's this? JIMMY (o.s.) That's him, Ross Webster. This was just after they presented him with the award for Humanitarian of the Year.                 LOIS (o.s.) Good-looking. JIMMY (o.s.) That's because I gave him f.2 at a 50th.
5) 3) text: understand. The point of the story Lois wrote is how the Ross Webster  got this great honor. You bring me one  photograph of him and fifteen pictures of this person! As he says this, he points to a bunch of other photos on ON THE PHOTOS --  They are various shots of the same GIRL all the chaos on the streets before: LORELEI AMBROSIA. Sh banquet dais in a low cut gown. As we SEE these, PERRY'S
5) 12) text: INSERT:  ON THE PHOTO -- Showing a no-nonsense, severe-lo her late 40's. This is Ross' older, spinster sister: Vera JIMMY (o.s.) She's vice-president of Webco Industries.
33) 4) text: WIDER -- The gym is decorated: crepe paper, balloons, pos and blow-ups of the old black and white graduation photos including one of the series, studios, bespectacled young standard yearbook shots of the great moments of the class Senior Prom, production of 'Our Town,' etc.). Surrounded by COUPLES dancing tot he strains of Golden Ol school era, CLARK continues to make polite chat with MINN suddenly, he focuses on something across the room.  CLARK'S POV: Across the room, a YOUNG WOMAN about his age gym, carrying a stack of records in one arm and a stack o other. Red-haired and very pretty in an all-American way, the kind of girl who would instantly be surrounded by fri Oddly, she's not. In fact, she is the only woman here wit date. As if to platy down her aloneness, she instantly ge checking the refreshments and adjusting a loose decoratio picks up her plates and records again and turns to CAMERA spaces between dancing COUPLES, something that makes her C.U. LANA -- Her eyes sparkling with delight as she mimes
37) 0) text: ON ROSS WEBSTER in a spectacularly lush office, filled wi dйcor. This is our first meeting with the man himself and style is that calculatedly gruff "democratic" jolly camar Nelson Rockefeller. in other words, this is a guy who ins servants call him by his first name, but that doesn't mea one to sit at his table. At this moment in time, the Huma clearly upset about something.
37) 1) dialog: Give it to me again, fella. Just run it by me one more time.
37) 4) dialog: Missing????
37) 9) dialog: Get a hold of yourself, Vera. (under his breath) Nobody else ever will.
37) 11) dialog: My friend, you are yesterday. Whoever pulled this caper is  tomorrow.
37) 16) dialog: (ill-at-ease) Now, Vera...uh, Simpson, you  know my Staff Dietician?
37) 22) text: ROSS quickly intervenes, upset at this turn of events. he apart and:
37) 23) dialog: (big, fake smile to SIMPSON) Old pal, would you just step outside for a sec?
37) 26) dialog: (commandingly, in  stentorian tones) Mouths ...closed! Ears...open! (cowed, scared, the  WOMEN shut up) Now the last thing any of us  wants is for me to be upset. Right? 
37) 27) text: Right! and it upsets me very much when my favorite sister an my favorite Aerobic Instructor don't get along. (Continued) ROSS (cont.) (sternly, shaking his finger at them) Now I don't want to ever see this sort of thing again or... well,... (threateningly) I can't have anyone with me who isn't with me. (reluctant murmurs of                 assent from the WOMEN)         Now...kiss and make up. Surely, LORELEI pursers her lips.
37) 29) dialog: (remembering) Oh, right. Well then, just shake hands.
37) 30) text: The TWO ENEMIES shake hands. INSERT -- The hands grip and squeeze each other, knuckles TWO SHOT -- In spite of the struggle and pain, VERA and L baring smiles for ROSS'S benefit.
37) 31) dialog: (pleased to see they're cooperating) That's my best gals. (calls out) Come back in, my boy.
37) 33) dialog: Well, chum? What now? Kiss the 85 thou goodbye? Pay some thief's salary while he thinks up new ways to shake the money tree?
37) 37) text: ROSS paces, building up steam. A slow burn heating up.
37) 38) dialog: Unless the man's a complete idiot, he won't slip up at all. He'll just go 
37) 39) text: on quietly taking the bread from  our mouths. unless he's a total  ignoramus, he'll keep a low profile and won't do a thing to call attention  to himself. (voice rising) Unless he is an utter moron... Suddenly: Sound: A loud sports car motor revs up outside the window last lap at Sebring. FULL SHOT -- ROSS, VERA, LORELEI, and SIMPSON, startled a to the window to look out and see what it is. POV: OUT THE WINDOW -- The company parking lot. Zooming d then executing a hairpin turn, burning rubber and pulling is an incredible bright red Ferrari...the flashiest of sp imagine;. Behind the wheel still dressed in his shabby, s GORMAN.
41) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- the glass elevator begins its ascent tot he management, the office of  ROSS WEBSTER himself. Inside, shakes and quakes in full view of everybody in the lobby
43) 9) text: ROSS'S voice barks out over the intercom on her desk: ROSS (o.s.) (intercom) Is he here yet, Miss Collins?
44) 0) text: FULL SHOT -- a wall of bookcases, massively out-sized che gadgets. Seated behind a massive desk, ROSS looks up.
44) 1) dialog: Mr. August Gorman?
44) 4) dialog: Mr. Gorman, just answer me one question...
44) 6) dialog: You've been a naughty boy haven't you? (congenial laugh) C'mon now, admit it, you were kinda naughty.
44) 8) text: ROSS rises, walks up to the bookshelf and pushes the spin Suddenly the entire section of shelving revolves, reveali on the other side. As he does this business, he keeps spe
44) 9) dialog: Say, fella, I understand. I  can -- what do the kids say these days -- "dig where you're comin' from." (a chuckle) You want to be rich, right?
44) 11) dialog: Now me, I was born rich. I've  never worn the same pair of socks twice.
44) 13) text: ROSS has by now poured himself a drink and one for GUS.
44) 14) dialog: I believe they're laundered and sent to some charitable institution. I don't know what the heck they do with 'em.  Maybe they use them for dust 
44) 17) dialog: Yes! That never occurred to me. (hands him his drink) Her ya go, buddy, single-malt.                 (GUS downs it chug- a-lug) Gus, my friend, you're a genius. Okay, a naughty genius, but hell, nobody's perfect.
44) 19) dialog: Because computers run the world today, pal. And the fella who can fool the computers will run the world himself!
44) 20) text: GUS leans against the bar. It instantly revolves, taking becomes a wall of bookcase again. GUS is now trapped behi the wall. ROSS, who hasn't noticed since his back is to t talking as if GUS were still there.
44) 21) dialog: I've been searching for a long time for somebody who can make these machines do things they're not supposed to do. Do you catch my drift, brother?
44) 23) dialog: I knew you would. And best of all, you seem to be able to do it in such a way that the deed goes undetected.
44) 24) text: At last the bookcase spins around and a shaken GUS steps as ROSS turns. He never noticed his absence. By the time GUS has regained his balance, ROSS is already room so that GUS has to rush to catch up with him. As ROS adjoining room:
44) 25) dialog: Gus, Webco, the Webster industrial complex, is a family-owned cartel. A little magnesium here, a little zinc there. Some railroads here, some farm machinery there. You follow?
44) 28) text: ROSS stops in the doorway.
44) 29) dialog: (intensely) Gus, do you know what I want now? I want coffee!
44) 31) dialog: I don't think you understand.
45) 0) text: ROSS and GUSS step into an enormous rooftop botanical gar football field, filled with a great profusion of trees, p bushes.
45) 2) dialog: Plants. Plants always make an office cozier.
45) 3) text: ROSS waves at a GARDNER pruning some bushes.
45) 4) dialog: Hiya, fella, how's it goin'? (to GUS) Helluva nice guy, been with me for years.
45) 5) text: As they stroll, ROSS stops to admire a shrub, or inspect right on talking. 
45) 6) dialog: Under different company names. I  control the price of coffee beans in Brazil. The price in Venezuela. 
45) 9) dialog: But y'see, chum, the problem I got is that one country just won't play ball with me. (as if GUS could empathize) You know how that can just bug a guy, don't you?
45) 11) dialog: (his expression darkens) Columbia.
45) 13) dialog: Columbia's got two major exports and one of them's coffee. (Continued)      ROSS (cont.)
45) 17) dialog: Destroy the entire Colombian coffee crop down to the last bean. He stops by a shrub, looks down at the soil around it. He to the GARDNER.
45) 18) dialog: Yo! Over here.
45) 20) dialog: (suddenly terse, curt) What's this I see? Fallen leaves not picked up? Organic litter?
45) 22) text: Without a word, ROSS slaps the MAN sharply across the fac grin appearing again, he puts his arm around GUS and they nothing unusual has happened (though, a nervous GUS keeps GARDNER).
45) 23) dialog: So, fella? You see the problem?
45) 25) dialog: A very wise man once said...I think it was Attila the Hun... "It's not enough that I succeed. Everyone else must fail." (he snaps a rose in half; GUS jumps) And you are going to do it for me.
46) 0) text: As ROSS and GUS come back into the office, GUS  catches h VERA, looking forbidding. ON GUS -- he instantly shrinks back from this creature.
46) 4) dialog: (to GUS) Gus, tell me, have you ever heard of Vulcan?
46) 8) dialog: (eagerly) But if somebody re-programmed it, it could do much more.
46) 10) dialog: Storms! Floods!
46) 13) dialog: Like everything else in the 20th century, Gus. You push buttons.
48) 0) text: GUS, ROSS, and VERA as we left them.
48) 1) dialog: Computers talk to other computers, right?
48) 6) dialog: Bubba. (GUS ties not to snicker) When she was three years old she couldn't pronounce the word 'brother' and it came out 'Bubba.' (grimly) It was the last cute thing she ever did.
48) 11) dialog: Gus Gorman, this is my Psychic
48) 15) text: GUS sits down by the oversized chess set. Unthinkingly, h one of the black pieces. immediately three of the white p squares automatically realigning themselves in a new defe gadgetry. Startled, GUS backs away. NEW ANGLE -- As ROSS stares at GUS'S reaction, behind him plunked herself in his chair behind the desk. The right h and she reaches in to take a Kleenex when VERA, seeing he by swiftly and slams the drawer closed with her knee, sma fingers. The later lets out a shriek and pulls her hand, wildly. ROSS turns to see what's the matter.
48) 18) dialog: (quickly) Always making yourself beautiful for me, aren't you? (turns back to GUS) So, Gus, can you make Vulcan 
48) 21) dialog: When?
48) 23) dialog: What?
48) 25) dialog: It's got to be someplace you can sneak into.
48) 27) dialog: Well, Webco has a hundred and twelve subsidiaries and every one of them is tied to our central computer system. How about...hmmmm, someplace small...
49) 5) text: As the MAN limps off, muttering, we realize it's GUS GORM old beat-up windbreaker and slacks, but now carrying a Vu GUS, as he walks across some railroad tracks that run thr town, looking around at his surroundings.
54) 0) text: WIDE, ESTABLISHING SHOT of one of those typical, sprawlin located on the outskirts of communities all across Americ front shows a picture of a FARMER on a tractor and says:
75) 0) text: ON A LOT OF PEDESTRIANS standing on the corner of a busy looking at the traffic light. ON THE TRAFFIC SIGNAL -- one of those types that has a li standing man that lights up red for DON'T WALK and a figu that lights up green for WALK. The green man lights up. ON THE PEOPLE -- they start to cross the street. On the i similar CROWD of PEOPLE waits for the light to change so
82) 0) text: LONG SHOT of the coffee fields whipped by the winds and b rains.  CLOSER ON coffee plants -- lashed by the gale force winds breaking. The furrows beneath them filling with water. 3. Trees nearby uprooted, falling across the fields.
88) 2) text: Right around here, we begin to hear maniacal laughter off PULLED BACK TO REVEAL the T. V. screen, but it is not yet The man laughing is ROSS WEBSTER and we hear him say: ROSS (o.s.) Turn it off, turn it off! If I laugh any harder, I'll split my sides.
89) 2) text: ON VERA -- wincing with distaste at this baby-talk balone chair reading a book entitled: "A BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO COM NEW ANGLE, LONG AND WIDE -- As VERA gets up to switch off at the bottom of the slope, we get our first real look at setting. A private "ski resort" has been constructed on t Webster penthouse. While we SEE the skyline of Metropolis CITIZENS OF METROPOLIS in summer clothing on the streets installed up here is a total winter environment. At the f little Swiss chalet "set" for apres-ski; we glimpse a fir there. VERA (quivering voice) Bubba, do you realize what we're onto? ROSS (happily) Do I? Every time a drunk tries to sober up, he'll be drinking Webster coffee!
89) 7) text: ON ROSS -- his eyes beginning to glow with fervor as he c
89) 8) dialog: You mean...you mean...Vera! Vera! The magnitude of this!!!
89) 10) dialog: TOMORROW THE OIL!
91) 2) dialog: We already have Webster Petroleum pumping 12 billion barrels a year.
91) 4) dialog: We already have a super-tanker.
91) 6) dialog: (fired up, seeing the vision) I could have it all! Holy cats! All the oil! All the tankers! All the pumps! The gosh-darn world will be out to lunch! No heat, no gas--sis, this is some nifty idea!
91) 9) dialog: Just the man I wanted to see!
91) 12) dialog: I did. isn't it neat-o?
91) 14) dialog: What are you talking about, fella?
92) 2) text: The wall falls on top of them and they're lost from sight Moments later, the WEDDING PARTY, running for their lives the church. Buffeted by the gale-force winds, soaked to t cross the square to the relative safety of the cafй acros ANGLE UP -- a tremendous gust of wind looses the bell fro steeple. The tremendous iron bell goes flying across the for the fleeing BRIDE and GROOM. SUPERMAN zooms in and just in time catches the bell in hi to the people. EFFECTS: The vibrations of the bell cause SUPERMAN to vib Accompanied by...sound: incessant clanging of the bell.
96) 2) dialog: No! No! No!
96) 4) dialog: (thrashing around, enraged) It was perfect! It was the perfect plan! It was foolproof.
96) 11) dialog: He ruined it! That lousy do-gooder, he ruined it.
96) 13) text: ROSS stomps off into the snow, feeling sorry for himself. FAVORING LORELEI --annoyed at VERA'S ass-kissing, she sta steaming mug of mulled wine that has been sitting on the dips the cheese-cloth bag of spices...like an outsized te seeping in the cup, then takes it out. Carrying it by its boiling hot wine and waves of steam are rising from it), and seems about to drop the hot bag in VERA'S wastebasket on the unsuspecting VERA'S outstretched hand. Which brings VERA leaping and screaming to her feet, her the air.
96) 15) text: ROSS spins around, to see VERA in this agitated position.
96) 18) dialog: Nice try, Butch,  but it wouldn't be effective against Superman. (railing) You'll see! Now that he's pulled this stunt, he'll stick his nose in my oil scheme and ruin that one, too! I've got to get rid of him! I've got to!
96) 30) dialog: Wait a minute! She's right! Kryptonite. I remember reading about it in an interview with him. (crestfallen) Nuts...
96) 32) dialog: I just remembered the rest. There isn't any more. The only chunk  that ever landed on Earth disappeared a couple of years ago. It was in this story in the Daily Planet.
96) 34) dialog: The planet Superman came from. Krypton.
96) 37) dialog: Wait a second. Astronomers know where the planet used to be, right? And you know what happens when a planet explodes? Debris. Pieces floating in space.
96) 39) dialog: So all we've got to do is pick up the garbage. (warming to it) We just have to find our where in  Heaven Krypton used to be. Then good old Gus here contacts the Vulcan satellite-- ANGLE UP ON GUS - at the top of the ski slope, asserting
96) 41) dialog: God, that's what I keep you for.
96) 43) dialog: Gus, if there's anything I hate, it's greed.
97) 0) text: LONG SHOT -- GUS goes zooming down the slope at great spe no knowledge of how to stop, he keeps going right off the the air. At the end of his trajectory, gravity takes over down )CAMERA PANS DOWN TO WATCH) ten stories and lands on doorway of the apartment building. This, in turn, functio he skis right off it and lands in the middle of the stree ON HE STREET: Cars brake to a halt; PEDESTRIANS are start skis suddenly landing in their midst. GUS, once he's real tries to carry it off as if he knew what he was doing all down the road with a forced display of cool, if you can c clomping down a city street "sauntering." AS WE WATCH GUS clomp away, ROSS'S DIALOGUE CONTINUES AS
99) 0) text: As we SEE GUS back at his old, original spot, muttering t up his sleeve and begins to play the computer like a wurl over continues: ROSS (v.o.) Once Gus contacts the Vulcan satellite, he orders it to search through outer space around  where Krypton went bye-bye.
111) 13) text: The CROWD, conditioned by years of watching war movies, i unquestioningly, rises to attention. Upright in posture, authoritative in manner, slapping his his side, GUS surveys the crowd with an air of critical s the platform. ON SUPERMAN -- A bit curious himself at all this. Beside standing stiffly at attention as if his spine would snap. GROUP SHOT -- Total silence. GUS strides across the platf troops, scowls a bit. Then does what he thinks is a gestu command: he slaps the side of his leg with his swagger st hard, though, and it hurts. A fleeting look of pain, whic Then, to the podium:
113) 0) text: C.U. ROSS -- on the phone as his desk. He is livid, furio
113) 1) dialog: He didn't die???? I ask you to kill Superman and you're telling me you couldn't even do that one simple thing                        !!
120) 0) text: ROSS and LORELEI are using the gym equipment in the offic attired; he in a sweat suit, she in mind-boggling spandex in place on a treadmill with a pedometer attached; she's sharp angle, pulling on ropes attached to  counter-weight stacked on a Nautilus machine. VERA sits at the desk in h suit, reading aloud from the TIME magazine just SEEN.
120) 2) dialog: That fella's becoming a public menace.
120) 4) text: VERA "casually" extends her foot and kicks the toggle bol weights in place. LORELEI, leaning forward with suddenly ropes, she pulls, falls forward flat on her face. ROSS tu happened. instantly, VERA begins counting:
120) 7) dialog: (beaming) That's what I like to see. My two best gals pulling together.
120) 11) dialog: (suddenly) KRYPTONITE!
120) 13) text: ROSS, with an expression of "Eureka!" hops off the runnin momentum, however, keeps him running in place. And... TWO SHOT, FULL LENGTH -- without even thinking about it, starts running in place beside him, as they talk, to "kee polite.
120) 14) dialog: Don't you see? Okay, so you didn't kill him. Nobody's perfect. But that stuff we ran up in the lab wasn't a complete failure after all. (explaining) Right after Gus gave it to him, Superman started to turn into a selfish, ornery, malicious, conniving...
120) 16) dialog: And now that Superman's out of the Nice Guy business...
122) 0) text: INSIDE THE STADIUM (STOCK FOOTAGE): The stands filled wit filled with TEAMS FROM EVERY COUNTRY holding their flags, the opening ceremonies. ON THE TOWER AT THE FAR END OF THE STADIUM, with the long leading up to the as-yet-unlit Olympic Flame. We recogniz often-seen ceremony. IN LONG SHOT -- A RUNNER, the MAN picked to light the Oly burn throughout the Games and which signals the opening, of steps carrying in his had the Olympic Torch that has b to runner on it's journey toward this ultimate moment. As reaching its stirring conclusion, we hear the voice of an radio: ANNOUNCER (v.o.) And now, the supreme moment as the last runner...the one given the great honor of lighting the Olympic Flame...runs the last leg of a marathon that began 7 days ago as this torch has been passed from athlete to  athlete for 970 miles across the  country.                        
123) 2) text: Suddenly, as she hears the door opening, she hides her bo Gossip magazine and immediately assumes her persona of em WIDE SHOT -- as ROSS, VERA, and GUS enter.
123) 4) dialog: (in fine fettle) No, stick around, you might learn something.
123) 5) text: ROSS presses a button. Suddenly the walls of the office f enormous mural-sized illuminated maps with electronic bli in other words, rapidly transformed into a "War Room" a l CAMERA ON A WALL-SIZED MAP OF THE WORLD, showing all the Illuminated green miniature images of oil tankers are sca bodies of water. PULL BACK TO REVEAL ROSS, a pointer in one hand, a remote other, as he points to the map.
123) 6) dialog: Every oil tanker and super- tanker and super-duper-tanker in the ocean is controlled.  totally, by computers. Computers to tell them where to go, how  much oil to take on, where to deliver it.
123) 8) dialog: Yes, but they don't really need them. it's just a throw- back to some sentimental sea- faring baloney.
123) 11) dialog: And do nothing. Just sit there.
123) 13) dialog: You catch on fast, old buddy. (to VERA) Tell him about the pumps. I know how you love the part about the pumps.
123) 14) text: VERA takes the remote control clicker from ROSS, clicks i ON THE MAP -- the map of the world's oceans disappears an glowing, illuminated map of the United States. Little min shown clustered in all the oil-producing areas of the cou
123) 18) dialog: (gleeful) And then shut down the pipe lines.                
123) 20) dialog: (flattered) Thanks, kiddo. now, listen,  this part's important. I want you to program one special  command into all these systems. Tell them these orders are irreversible, so it'll be impossible for anybody to  switch them back. Can you do that, pal?
123) 23) dialog: I knew it, I knew it, go be nice to people and they think they can ask for the moon!
123) 28) dialog: (naked threat)                 I should think a taste of freedom is enough, don't you? Or would you prefer jail?
123) 30) text: Before ROSS can even ask her, LORELEI discretely leaves t are alone.
123) 31) dialog: Is this blackmail?
123) 33) dialog: Is this whitemail?
123) 35) dialog: (after a pause) What do you want?
123) 36) text: ON GUS -- He starts emptying the contents of his pockets all matchbooks, paper napkins, backs of envelopes, scrap plans and numbers are scrawled on all of them. ON ROSS -- looking at this pile of crumpled effluvia. he up his waste basket, holds it up to GUS.
123) 37) dialog: A waste-basket?
123) 39) dialog: For what?
123) 41) dialog: We've already got some.
123) 43) dialog: (impressed) You designed it?
123) 46) dialog: (intrigued) What will it do?
123) 48) dialog: What will it get me?
123) 50) dialog: (a big genial smile) Tell me more...
125) 0) text: STOCK FOOTAGE -- SHOTS of super-tankers moving at full sp waters from various directions. EFFECTS: ON ILLUMINATED WALL MAP -- Electronic 'tanker' b together on ROSS'S map.
129) 0) text: ON A TINY GREEN BOAT-SHAPED BLIP on an illuminated map. F crosses the map, joining a whole herd of other boat-shape center. As it moves into place: Sound: Someone applauds and utters a small female "yay!" WIDE SHOT -- LORELEI is applauding. ROSS is standing besi the glowing convoy. VERA does not look so happy.
129) 1) dialog: That's it! The last tanker! They're all mine now! All...
129) 4) dialog: (snarling) It's a tanker! And it's going the wrong way!
146) 0) text: C.U. ROSS -- brimming with good cheer.
146) 1) dialog: Cheer up, Gus, I have good news. Your computer is being built as we speak.
146) 2) text: REVERSE -- A gloomy GUS, seated across the desk, looks up interest.
146) 4) dialog: It looks wonderful. it is wonderful, let's face it.
146) 6) dialog: (intensely) Gus, it seems we are talking state-of-the-art technology here. We are talking unlimited power. We are talking "get-down hot-cha daddy-o" whatever you called it.
146) 8) dialog: Exactly. Stoned mother.
146) 9) text: ROSS gets up, comes over to GUS, looking him in the eyes.
146) 10) dialog: (calculating,  manipulating) But a machine this powerful is going to make powerful enemies. People who will want to destroy it.
146) 12) dialog: Can you do that?
146) 15) dialog: Remember, Gus. A machine doesn't want anything except to keep on being a machine. You've got to  make sure it can figure out how to beat any opponent.
146) 18) text: GUS sketches furiously as ROSS beams in approval at this
155) 0) text: ON A CROWD gathered on a street corner in Metropolis. The muttering and distressed. looking at something across the comments along the line of "This I can't believe." WHAT THEY ARE LOOKING AT IS: A neighborhood bar across th SUPERMAN. Drinking. Drinking whiskey.
160) 11) text: And with that, he leaps on the EVIL SUPERMAN, knocking hi CLOSER ON THEM as they roll and grapple across the debris them, looms a pit, which neither can see as yet. IN THE PIT -- we SEE the flattened shapes of what once we into rectangular metal pancakes by hydraulic press, which ON THE TWO OF THEM WRESTLING -- with a mighty heave, SUPE crashing into the open pit. ON CLARK -- he lands on top of the flattened cars and lay ON SUPERMAN -- he quickly activates the hydraulic control NEW ANGLE -- the great iron press begins to descend on th of CLARK KENT. CLOSER -- it comes down and begins to squash CLARK flat. harder. We hear SUPERMAN'S terrible, evil laughter. ON SUPERMAN -- convinced that he has vanquished his foe, ON CLARK, IN THE PIT -- with superhuman strength, he grip hydraulic press and slowly, slowly, pushes it up and off feat even for him. Quickly now, he slithers out from unde ON CLARK -- scrambling out of the pit, racing toward a st ON SUPERMAN -- about fifty feet away, striding off, think Suddenly... EFFECTS: tires come flying through the air and ring SUPER landing on a stake. He's startled, to say the least, as f around like a big hula hoop, then a second, then a third. immobilized. ON CLARK --  coming at him. ON SUPERMAN -- he bursts his rubber bonds like a Hercules by expanding his arms.
170) 7) text: AERIAL SHOT: ZOOM DOWN TO a startling sight. Atop one of middle of the giant gorge are FIVE TINY FIGURES. 2 MEN: 2 NEW ANGLE -- Behind them, above the canyon, we SEE pylons major electrical power source is here. GROUP SHOT: GUS is holding the donkey on a lead. ROSS, VE adjusting curious devices attached by back-pack harnesses individual hot-air balloons. ROSS and VERA have already b adjusting the ballast. LORELEI is inflating hers, which, others' utilitarian gray, is a shocking pink balloon that
170) 10) dialog: Fun? The fun's just starting, hon. Wait till Superman finds us, then you'll see fun.
170) 14) dialog: Can't wait, pal, can't wait.
170) 18) text: The DONKEY starts walking down the winding         path t him down to the bottom of the canyon. ROSS, VERA, and LORELEI activate their little hot-air gad themselves off the edge of the cliff. FULL SHOT, LONG: like invading paratroopers, the THREE of the canyon, as GUS, SEEN TO FAR LEFT OF FRAME, rides his footpath.
172) 8) dialog: I told you, didn't I? The  Ultimate Computer! It does everything any computer can 
172) 11) dialog: Wait for Gus to get here, sis.
172) 13) dialog: He's the only one who can operate this --
172) 15) text: FAVORING VERA -- she crosses a wedge-shaped grid that ext moat-like area of circuitry beneath alternating wedges of grid. She reaches the base of a ladder that runs up the c and starts to climb.
172) 23) text: ROSS eventually starts to follow her orders. WIDE SHOT: Suddenly, the left side of the four-story stru wonderful ways: blinking lights, crackling electrodes, di illuminations.
173) 1) dialog: He's here!
173) 5) dialog: (impatient, like a  greedy child) C'mon, sis, let the games begin!
177) 0) text: ON ROSS AT VIDEO SCREEN: he switches it on. The screen li the bottom are little computerized images of the rockets; top of the screen is a little stick figure of a MAN with realize what's familiar about this: it is the ultimate ve Invaders" video game. Except this time. it's being played
178) 0) text: The missile launchers, controlled by ROSS from within, ri and spin around, searching for their target. ON SUPERMAN -- flying down the canyon toward the missiles
179) 0) text: ROSS works the controls and fires rockets. On the video, electronic game arcade, we SEE the rockets heading up, ai And:
181) 0) text: ROSS, totally manic, is having himself a wonderful time, Atari like an arcade champ. Grunts, groans, body english,
184) 0) text: ON THE VIDEO SCREEN -- The Atari-type game screen shows i "hit" and a High Score of 13,000 lights up. ON ROSS -- gleeful, crazed:
184) 1) dialog: A hit! Got him! This will give him something to 
185) 3) dialog: Join the party, genius! Come on up!
187) 9) dialog: Welcome to the wonderful world of computers, Superman.
187) 11) dialog: Well, Superman? How do you like Supermachine?
187) 19) dialog: (hysterical) He's coming! He's going to  hurt me!
187) 24) dialog: (triumphant, raving) It's your genius, pal! You built a machine that can find anybody's weak spot,  just like you said.
187) 26) dialog: Congratulations, chum! you're going to go down in history as the man who killed Superman!
187) 28) text: ON GUS -- he whips his yo-yo out of his pocket, pulls the out, throws it over one of the guy wires that anchor the He jumps off the terrace, holding onto both ends (yo-yo a down to the ground, a la Topkapi. NEW ANGLE -- GUS charges into the generator area and grab the computer to its energy source: the generator. CLOSER -- one little screw coupling connects them. GUS gr nearby and: INSERT: simply unscrews one little screw. ON THE MACHINE, WIDE ANGLE -- suddenly all the energy and jazz just...stop. It just shuts off. ON SUPERMAN -- the green Kryptonite ray shits off as well death, but weakened, on his knees. ON THE TERRACE CONSOLE -- ROSS, enraged, looks down and s
187) 29) dialog: No! Give me that! Give it to me!
187) 31) dialog: Give it to me----
187) 32) text: ON GUS -- he holds the little screw in his hand. As ROSS it into his own mouth and tries to swallow it. But it get throat. He tries harder, his eyes straining with the effo throat, gulping hard. Still it won't go down. ROSS, in wild furry, grabs GUS, trying to pry his mouth o The grapple. GUS shoves ROSS away and suddenly sees befor of flat root beer soda. He grabs it, and with a mighty he Apple, washes away the screw.
187) 33) dialog: (howling) Nooooooo!
187) 34) text: He starts to strangle GUS, trying to get the screw back. violent attempt to perform the Heimlich Maneuver. GUS yan hauls off and belts ROSS in the jaw. Pow! ROSS falls to t LONG SHOT: for a moment all is still. SUPERMAN is slowly
192) 4) text: But LORELEI is first on the stairs, as she runs like hell itself. VERA is right behind her. LORELEI gets to the bot "moat" via one of the wedge-shaped grids. ON ROSS -- coming-to in the interior, by the generator. h runs after LORELEI. A moment later, VERA, coming from the greatest distance, the moat.
192) 5) text: EFFECTS: VERA is literally "sucked" back into the machine "moat" and pulled into the computer's entrails. As she sc intense force slams her into a section of the circuitry. ON VERA: A monstrous transformation begins to take place. the machine. No longer human. Circuitry appears beneath h and distorts into grotesque non-human cubistic form. Char power pass into her body, light it up. The effect is very Unearthly sounds come from her throat. NEW ANGLE -- As LORELEI tries to run from the cave, "VERA and a silvery sphere of "magneticism" shoots out like a c her. Suddenly LORELEI is yanked upwards, stuck fast to th screaming, kicking, unable to free herself. C.U. VERA -- This is no longer a human face. A hideous ar from her forehead and shoots out a hot yellow beam. NEW ANGLE -- the yellow beam hits ROSS, stopping him in h the machine, torturing him.
192) 6) dialog: Sis! No, it's Bubba-- (he squirms in pain) 
198) 0) text: LOOKING TOWARD THE ENTRANCE: As SUPERMAN, looking a bit b enters. He holds his left arm behind his back, under his hurt elbow. REVERSE: WIDE ANGLE SHOWS US WHAT HE, TOO, SEES: The mach and brighter; VERA, totally transformed into a robot-like training the painful yellow ray on ROSS, who is immobiliz LORELEI still pinned to the wall up high by the magnetic
198) 1) dialog: Help me...help me....
198) 2) text: Immediately, SUPERMAN runs into the area just in front of absorb the yellow beam and block it off. REVERSE FROM BEHIND THEM: A shaken ROSS, relieved at last shadows of the cavern. WIDE ANGLE -- This yellow beam has no effect on SUPERMAN. terminates it, two enormous arms of the machine, like gia begin to slide across the cave floor, about to close in a These two transformer arms trap him and raises him slight pulling him forward in a direct line toward the moat, unt CLOSER -- He is deposited on the very transparent wedge w she was sucked into the machine. And now, to our horror, to him. Although he seems to be trying to resist the incr is drawn across the moat and into the very bowels of the pulled, as if by a giant suctioning force, past VERA and the apparatus, where the generator is. For a terrible moment, all seems lost. Then, he is SEEN d reveals what he had hidden in his left hand, behind his c CLOSER -- It's a silver canister, about two feet long, cy unscrews the lid. EFFECTS: Immediately an incredible red glow bursts from t we almost need to shield our eyes. WE RECOGNIZE IT, FROM INTENSITY, IMMEDIATELY" It is the nuclear core he stabili Power Plant.
214) 0) text: All problems attended to, he flies majestically across th light blue sky deepens into the dark black of outer space CAMERA, he shrugs as if to say, "Well, you can't win 'em there's the comforting, familiar, warm smile and the litt know the world is safe in the hands of the one, the only.