5) 12) text: INSERT:  ON THE PHOTO -- Showing a no-nonsense, severe-lo her late 40's. This is Ross' older, spinster sister: Vera JIMMY (o.s.) She's vice-president of Webco Industries.
37) 6) text: From off-screen, a strident voice that could curdle milk voice of VERA WEBSTER, the sister. VERA (o.s.) By whom?
37) 7) text: BOTH MEN turn sharply in the direction of the voice. PAN to an anteroom. Dressed in a suit that somehow reminds us VERA, in a foul mood, enters.
37) 8) dialog: That's what I want to know! By whom? Whom????
37) 14) dialog: (furious) Bubba, does this woman have the right to burst in without knocking...!
37) 15) text: VERA is seething with animosity: LORELEI looks at her wit
37) 18) dialog: (to LORELEI) If you don't mind, we are trying to hold a meeting here!
37) 20) text: Steely-eyed, VERA advances on her with controlled fury.
37) 21) dialog: Pay attention, people: I am about to take a human life.
37) 28) dialog: I don't kiss.
37) 30) text: The TWO ENEMIES shake hands. INSERT -- The hands grip and squeeze each other, knuckles TWO SHOT -- In spite of the struggle and pain, VERA and L baring smiles for ROSS'S benefit.
37) 35) dialog: Why?
37) 39) text: on quietly taking the bread from  our mouths. unless he's a total  ignoramus, he'll keep a low profile and won't do a thing to call attention  to himself. (voice rising) Unless he is an utter moron... Suddenly: Sound: A loud sports car motor revs up outside the window last lap at Sebring. FULL SHOT -- ROSS, VERA, LORELEI, and SIMPSON, startled a to the window to look out and see what it is. POV: OUT THE WINDOW -- The company parking lot. Zooming d then executing a hairpin turn, burning rubber and pulling is an incredible bright red Ferrari...the flashiest of sp imagine;. Behind the wheel still dressed in his shabby, s GORMAN.
45) 27) text: Their tour of the atrium has brought them back to where t connecting door tot he office. The voice of VERA, o.s., a there.                 VERA (o.s.) The weather!
46) 0) text: As ROSS and GUS come back into the office, GUS  catches h VERA, looking forbidding. ON GUS -- he instantly shrinks back from this creature.
46) 3) dialog: (furious) Sister! I'm his sister!
46) 6) dialog: (through her teeth)
46) 9) dialog: It could make weather!
46) 11) dialog: Blizzards! Heat waves!
48) 0) text: GUS, ROSS, and VERA as we left them.
48) 2) dialog: Somehow your twisted little mind should be able to figure out how to tap into the main computer at the  Aerospace Center and reach Vulcan.
48) 4) dialog: (excited)                                 Oh Bubba, think of the possibilities.
48) 10) dialog: (annoyed) She's not his mama either.
48) 15) text: GUS sits down by the oversized chess set. Unthinkingly, h one of the black pieces. immediately three of the white p squares automatically realigning themselves in a new defe gadgetry. Startled, GUS backs away. NEW ANGLE -- As ROSS stares at GUS'S reaction, behind him plunked herself in his chair behind the desk. The right h and she reaches in to take a Kleenex when VERA, seeing he by swiftly and slams the drawer closed with her knee, sma fingers. The later lets out a shriek and pulls her hand, wildly. ROSS turns to see what's the matter.
48) 16) dialog: She's drying her nails.
48) 26) dialog: Someplace where nobody knows him so they can't connect him with us.
89) 2) text: ON VERA -- wincing with distaste at this baby-talk balone chair reading a book entitled: "A BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO COM NEW ANGLE, LONG AND WIDE -- As VERA gets up to switch off at the bottom of the slope, we get our first real look at setting. A private "ski resort" has been constructed on t Webster penthouse. While we SEE the skyline of Metropolis CITIZENS OF METROPOLIS in summer clothing on the streets installed up here is a total winter environment. At the f little Swiss chalet "set" for apres-ski; we glimpse a fir there. VERA (quivering voice) Bubba, do you realize what we're onto? ROSS (happily) Do I? Every time a drunk tries to sober up, he'll be drinking Webster coffee!
89) 3) text: C.U. VERA -- eyes burning with a great idea. VERA (dramatically) Why stop at coffee! (seeing the vision) A cup of coffee gets the world off to work in the morning, but what keeps the world working?
89) 6) dialog: Energy! And when they say "Energy" what do they mean? Nuclear? too dangerous. Solar?? Too underdeveloped.
89) 9) dialog: (proclaiming) Today coffee----
91) 3) dialog: Small potatoes.
91) 5) dialog: Chicken feed. (brandishing her computer manual)  If Gus Gorman can push the  right buttons ---
96) 12) dialog: Don't cry, Bubba.
96) 13) text: ROSS stomps off into the snow, feeling sorry for himself. FAVORING LORELEI --annoyed at VERA'S ass-kissing, she sta steaming mug of mulled wine that has been sitting on the dips the cheese-cloth bag of spices...like an outsized te seeping in the cup, then takes it out. Carrying it by its boiling hot wine and waves of steam are rising from it), and seems about to drop the hot bag in VERA'S wastebasket on the unsuspecting VERA'S outstretched hand. Which brings VERA leaping and screaming to her feet, her the air.
96) 14) dialog: AIEEEE!
96) 15) text: ROSS spins around, to see VERA in this agitated position.
96) 17) text: Trying to put a good front on it, VERA has no choice but series of cries and arm chops. But she uses the last two genuine karate  blow in the gut. LORELEI doubles over. VE just the usual bowing ritual at the end of a karate exhib
96) 19) dialog: How? Shoot him? You know about him and bullets. Not to mention knives, tanks, bombs...
96) 27) dialog: (contemptuously) How would you know?
96) 29) dialog: So I understand from the  graffiti I've seen.
96) 31) dialog: What's wrong?
96) 33) dialog: Where did it come from?
96) 38) dialog: So?
111) 11) text: Suddenly, a burst of music comes blasting out nearby and military martial air like "The Caissons Go Rolling Along, speakers. All heads turn, startled to see: ANGLE DOWN THE MAIN STREET -- Coming toward the reviewing colored car (or jeep), the words U.S. ARMY stenciled on t loudspeakers of the type used by cars traveling around to elections or concerts is mounted on the roof and is the s music. As the car gets CLOSER TO F. G. WE SEE that the dr VERA. Seated in the back seat, wearing the uniform of a 5 the accouterments we associate with General Patton (white foulard, jodhpurs, swagger stick in hand) is GUS. NEW ANGLE -- the car comes to a screeching halt by the re Considerable curiosity from the crowd as VERA, in crisp n steps out and commands:
111) 12) dialog: Ten-hut!
111) 21) text: GUS snaps his fingers imperiously at VERA, who stands bel ON VERA -- snarling at having to play this subservient ro platform, carrying a wooden presentation box about a foot GUS.
111) 27) text: Quickly he descends, VERA behind him, and looking a bit s car. VERA, just before she gets behind the wheel, turns t
111) 28) dialog: At ease! Siddown!
120) 0) text: ROSS and LORELEI are using the gym equipment in the offic attired; he in a sweat suit, she in mind-boggling spandex in place on a treadmill with a pedometer attached; she's sharp angle, pulling on ropes attached to  counter-weight stacked on a Nautilus machine. VERA sits at the desk in h suit, reading aloud from the TIME magazine just SEEN.
120) 1) dialog: "At a special session of the  General Assembly, 178 countries voted to censure Superman. With  only Columbia abstaining."
120) 4) text: VERA "casually" extends her foot and kicks the toggle bol weights in place. LORELEI, leaning forward with suddenly ropes, she pulls, falls forward flat on her face. ROSS tu happened. instantly, VERA begins counting:
120) 5) dialog: Time for you push-ups. 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and 1 and 2 and ...
120) 15) dialog: (summing it up) A normal person.
120) 17) dialog: We can get to work on that oil!
123) 2) text: Suddenly, as she hears the door opening, she hides her bo Gossip magazine and immediately assumes her persona of em WIDE SHOT -- as ROSS, VERA, and GUS enter.
123) 9) dialog: You will command the tankers to sail toward a 50-mile area in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
123) 14) text: VERA takes the remote control clicker from ROSS, clicks i ON THE MAP -- the map of the world's oceans disappears an glowing, illuminated map of the United States. Little min shown clustered in all the oil-producing areas of the cou
123) 15) dialog: Every pump in America is run...
123) 17) dialog: Will you stop interrupting ?! (calming herself) You will command the pumps to stop pumping.
123) 25) dialog: This sounds like it's going to  be sad. I'm leaving.
129) 0) text: ON A TINY GREEN BOAT-SHAPED BLIP on an illuminated map. F crosses the map, joining a whole herd of other boat-shape center. As it moves into place: Sound: Someone applauds and utters a small female "yay!" WIDE SHOT -- LORELEI is applauding. ROSS is standing besi the glowing convoy. VERA does not look so happy.
129) 2) dialog: Not quite. What is that in the  lower right hand corner?
147) 0) text: The WORKMEN in coveralls are assembling what is beginning out of Fritz Lang's Metropolis: fantastic, incredible, an half-built yet. In F. G. GUS'S scrap papers have been spr an attempt to make it look like a blueprint.        
170) 2) text: Suddenly, with a click, a video tape starts to appear on shows VERA, very formally seated at a desk, in one of her the viewer in her no-nonsense way. 3. The T.V. screen lights up, VERA appears.
170) 3) dialog: (on T.V.) Here is where you can find her,  as well as the rest of us.
170) 4) text: A panoramic view of the Grand Canyon appears on the T.V. VERA continues over, as  a secue.
170) 7) text: AERIAL SHOT: ZOOM DOWN TO a startling sight. Atop one of middle of the giant gorge are FIVE TINY FIGURES. 2 MEN: 2 NEW ANGLE -- Behind them, above the canyon, we SEE pylons major electrical power source is here. GROUP SHOT: GUS is holding the donkey on a lead. ROSS, VE adjusting curious devices attached by back-pack harnesses individual hot-air balloons. ROSS and VERA have already b adjusting the ballast. LORELEI is inflating hers, which, others' utilitarian gray, is a shocking pink balloon that
170) 15) dialog: (impatiently) Let's go. I want to be ready for him when he falls into our trap. (to GUS, irritably) I don't see why you can't balloon down like the rest of us.
170) 18) text: The DONKEY starts walking down the winding         path t him down to the bottom of the canyon. ROSS, VERA, and LORELEI activate their little hot-air gad themselves off the edge of the cliff. FULL SHOT, LONG: like invading paratroopers, the THREE of the canyon, as GUS, SEEN TO FAR LEFT OF FRAME, rides his footpath.
172) 2) dialog: Turn on the light.
172) 4) dialog: Where do you usually find a  light switch?
172) 9) text: do and a thousand things that none of them do! VERA starts toward the machine, officiously gesturing to
172) 10) dialog: Come on, let's give it a  dry run.
172) 12) dialog: (snidely) Who needs Gus?
172) 14) dialog: Like fish he is. (sneering pride) I know enough about computers to put a PHD to shame. (as they react in surprise) Come now, brother dear, you didn't think I was going to let that little man run the show,  did you? Gus Gorman telling us what to do -- I'd sooner kiss a pig!
172) 15) text: FAVORING VERA -- she crosses a wedge-shaped grid that ext moat-like area of circuitry beneath alternating wedges of grid. She reaches the base of a ladder that runs up the c and starts to climb.
172) 16) dialog: Come on, will you? (as the others follow her up) We've got to get ready before he gets here.
172) 18) dialog: Superman. The boy you left behind.
172) 19) text: ON VERA -- she peers down as she climbs up. looking into section below. POV: Laying on the ground by the generator is an old card half-filled bottle of flat root-beer soda, a half-eaten H a screw-driver and some tools.
172) 20) dialog: (with a moue  of distaste) Honestly, you'd think these workmen would learn to tidy up when they finish.
172) 21) text: WIDE SHOT- The ascend to the central console on a deck mi the machine. There is a terrace filled with controls; it an elaborate light show up there. NEW ANGLE-- In the Central Control where VERA stands, it NASA: hundreds of buttons, lighted dials, video display s knows-what. She sits in a chair located in the center tha access to all the main controls. ON VERA -- she throws some switches, pushes some buttons. Sound: a low humming begins.
172) 22) dialog: (to ROSS) Bubba, engage those levers on your right to activate the Alpha Circuits and lock the modular grid.
172) 24) dialog: (to LORELEI) You! Activate circuits 29 through W7 and start Full         Power Coordinates on Exterior Defensive Systems:
173) 3) dialog: Cut the mush, Lorelei. He's  after our skin!
175) 1) dialog: All right, Bubba, enjoy yourself.
175) 2) text: She guides her brother to a covered panel, flips it open. video screen and some controls. There is something famili particular rig... VERA goes back to the center console and pushes buttons a
184) 2) text: think about! C.U. VERA -- smiling fondly at her little brother enjoyin
187) 7) dialog: (angrily) Don't you threaten my Bubba!
187) 18) text: With that he starts to move menacingly toward the machine ON VERA -- she pushes another control button. WIDE ANGLE -- suddenly, SUPERMAN walks into an invisible there we can SEE, but... Sound: it makes a big thunk as he bangs into it. C.U. SUPERMAN -- his features flattened by an invisible w would if he smashed into plate-glass. NEW ANGLE -- he runs back a few steps, puts his head down bull at the invisible force-field. EFFECTS: A split-second after SUPERMAN hits the invisible wraps around him and encases him in a transparent bubble. churn inside the bubble; the impression is one of being t volatile enclosure with no air. The bubble rises in the air and spins crazily around the SUPERMAN tries to fight his way out: punching, pushing, k CLOSER ON HIM -- He's sweating in there, making a tremend unable to break it with brute force, he narrows his eyes, and: EFFECTS: Beams of Heat-Vision blaze from his eyes. Such i break the molecular structure of the prison and it crashe loose.
187) 20) dialog: Don't bet on it!
187) 23) dialog: (insane, wild) Yes! This time we got it right!
187) 27) text: ON GUS -- He can't take it anymore. As SUPERMAN writhes i quick decision. Running behind VERA, he looks down throug at what is beneath:
187) 38) text: ON VERA -- astonished, pushing buttons, trying to control
187) 39) dialog: I can't! It's out of control!
187) 41) text: VERA looks straight up. VERTICAL PAN (FAST) UP TO THE TOP EFFECTS: The machine is sending crackling lightening-like the ceiling of the cave. C.U. GUS -- awed
192) 3) dialog: I don't know about you, girly, but I'm getting out of here!
192) 4) text: But LORELEI is first on the stairs, as she runs like hell itself. VERA is right behind her. LORELEI gets to the bot "moat" via one of the wedge-shaped grids. ON ROSS -- coming-to in the interior, by the generator. h runs after LORELEI. A moment later, VERA, coming from the greatest distance, the moat.
192) 5) text: EFFECTS: VERA is literally "sucked" back into the machine "moat" and pulled into the computer's entrails. As she sc intense force slams her into a section of the circuitry. ON VERA: A monstrous transformation begins to take place. the machine. No longer human. Circuitry appears beneath h and distorts into grotesque non-human cubistic form. Char power pass into her body, light it up. The effect is very Unearthly sounds come from her throat. NEW ANGLE -- As LORELEI tries to run from the cave, "VERA and a silvery sphere of "magneticism" shoots out like a c her. Suddenly LORELEI is yanked upwards, stuck fast to th screaming, kicking, unable to free herself. C.U. VERA -- This is no longer a human face. A hideous ar from her forehead and shoots out a hot yellow beam. NEW ANGLE -- the yellow beam hits ROSS, stopping him in h the machine, torturing him.
198) 0) text: LOOKING TOWARD THE ENTRANCE: As SUPERMAN, looking a bit b enters. He holds his left arm behind his back, under his hurt elbow. REVERSE: WIDE ANGLE SHOWS US WHAT HE, TOO, SEES: The mach and brighter; VERA, totally transformed into a robot-like training the painful yellow ray on ROSS, who is immobiliz LORELEI still pinned to the wall up high by the magnetic
198) 2) text: Immediately, SUPERMAN runs into the area just in front of absorb the yellow beam and block it off. REVERSE FROM BEHIND THEM: A shaken ROSS, relieved at last shadows of the cavern. WIDE ANGLE -- This yellow beam has no effect on SUPERMAN. terminates it, two enormous arms of the machine, like gia begin to slide across the cave floor, about to close in a These two transformer arms trap him and raises him slight pulling him forward in a direct line toward the moat, unt CLOSER -- He is deposited on the very transparent wedge w she was sucked into the machine. And now, to our horror, to him. Although he seems to be trying to resist the incr is drawn across the moat and into the very bowels of the pulled, as if by a giant suctioning force, past VERA and the apparatus, where the generator is. For a terrible moment, all seems lost. Then, he is SEEN d reveals what he had hidden in his left hand, behind his c CLOSER -- It's a silver canister, about two feet long, cy unscrews the lid. EFFECTS: Immediately an incredible red glow bursts from t we almost need to shield our eyes. WE RECOGNIZE IT, FROM INTENSITY, IMMEDIATELY" It is the nuclear core he stabili Power Plant.