2) 0) text: (NOTE: The following sequence, which occurs during, under designed as an elaborate, spectacular series of events ba Goldberg principle, i.e., a serial development of cause-a in scope and size. The "gimmick" that further marks this At the moment when each new development of "effect" is ju itself, the FRAME FREEZES and the next CREDIT (actors, co director, etc.) appears. Then the FRAME UNFREEZES, the in place, leading to the next event in the chain of cause-an perfect next moment comes when again there is a FREEZE FR on. In the following, we have refrained from indicating exact FRAME and CREDIT should be, as that is more precisely dis process. Thus:) ESTABLISHING SHOT -- The busy streets of Metropolis on a morning. Hustle and bustle, PEDESTRIANS and vehicles. It' people are on their way to work. As theme music continues 1.        Coming out the front door of a building is an a voluptuous, sexy, young, and healthy. Her every step casu boggling ripples. She is seemingly oblivious to the effec by. About 25 years old, this is somebody we will be seein LORELEI AMBROSIA. 2.        As she walks AWAY FROM CAMERA, her rear end rem puppies fighting in a sack, a GUY walking down the street direction turns to ogle at her and therefore doesn't look bumps into a table-top tray of  TOY WIND-UP PENGUINS bein PENGUINS, about 20 of them, go waddling off in different the street. 3.        A split-second later, a MAN IN A CAP, also walk direction, comes abreast of LORELEI, turns to look at her right in front of him (he's near the curb) is a street-si it face first. 4. Clutching his smashed nose, he recoils backwards with full- force into a GIRL ON ROLLER SKATES. 5.        Knocked off balance, wobbling erratically, she hot dog wagon on the corner of the street. Standing there snack, is the DAILY PLANET photographer and cub reporter to the office. The HOT DOG VENDOR has put a frank on a bu squirt the mustard on it when the ROLLER SKATER crashes i The mustard squirts on Jimmy's face instead and the wagon considerable momentum.  6.        On the corner of the next street are three tele In each booth is a CALLER. The LAST CALLER, A WOMAN, hold dangles outside her phone booth. On the end of this leash waiting patiently outside while his mistress talks on the dog wagon, picking up speed, hits the first phone booth w impact. 7. Causing a domino effect: the first booth tips over, wi it. and hits the second booth, tipping it and its OCCUPAN turn knocks over the third booth, causing the LADY inside the leash. Immediately the LITTLE DOG, startled by the cr down the street, trailing his leash. 8. Further down the street is a BLIND MAN holding the han attached to his SEEING-EYE DOG stands in a doorway. As th running by, the SEEING-EYE DOG gets excited and pulls fre chasing the other DOG. Startled, the BLIND MAN staggers o feeling for his DOG, just as: 9. A AWHITE-LINE ROAD PAINTER workman is coming down the handle of his motorized line-painting machine, which he i down the center of the street, painting, AS WE SEE a stra distracted by the CHARGING DOGS and lets go of his machin later, the BLIND MAN staggers out into the road, reaches feels exactly like the handle of his Seeing-eye Dog harne line-painting machine. 10. Which now continues down the road guided by a BLIND M being painted curves, zig-zags, and bends so that any mot it would go berserk. 11. In the meantime, strolling down a side-street, with t springing step, affable smile for the world, neat suit, h none other than CLARK KENT. He suddenly jumps back as the whizzing by and instinctively reaches down with super-spe This he does, but if the leash stops, the DOG doesn't. In free of the collar, leaving a bemused CLARK standing ther leash. 12. The DOGS whiz by the MAN IN THE CAP (fellow who keeps and getting hurt). As he leaps back to avoid them, he fal manhole. 13. In the middle of the street, the white-line maker "gu is heading for the area of the street where the open manh loses control of the white-line painter and is about to s when: 14. The now-capless bald head of the MAN IN THE CAP emerg just in time for the BLIND MAN to step right on it (like pond by stepping on the stones). The BLIND MAN, busy whis dog, never noticed how near to disaster he came, but the MAN IN THE CAP is now imprinted with a black sole marl. 15. The white-line roller, with nobody steering it, crash barrier that has been set up on the other side of the ope smudge pots mark the barrier. The white-line roller hits 16. The smudge pot goes rolling across the gutter, stops. comes one of those TOY PENGUINS. It hits the smudge pot a on fire by the flame. 17. The now flaming PENQUIN continues walking across the newspaper stand. Stacked on the curb beside it are a bund newspapers. The burning toy comes to a stop against the s smoulder. 18. Further down the street is a bank. And just at this m the bank, a gun in one hand, a sack of stolen money in th ROBBER. A BANK GUARD races from the bank and gives chase. doesn't see: 19. A MAN removing a ladder (the kind which hooks onto cl van truck). As the MAN and ladder turn, the ladder hook g hands. The MAN WITH THE LADDER, never realizing what he h 180 degrees with the ladder and the money bag is pulled o 20. The wires of a scaffold where some BUILDING REPAIRMEN go up the side of a building. A second after the sack is platform, the scaffold starts to rise. 21. The BANK GUARD fires at the ROBBER, but his shot miss windshield of a passing car. The windshield shatters and a fire hydrant on the curb. 22. Water gushes out of the hydrant, filling up the inter goldfish bowl, the DRIVER trapped inside. 23. Across the street, the flaming newspapers have set th 24. Hearing the screams and shouts, CLARK KENT looks down what's happening. Quickly, he looks around for a place to none. 25. HE dashes down the street, pausing for a regretful lo booths on their sides (no way for him there). He spots an one of those Photomat Booths inside, enters it, behind th coin drop in the slot; the OCCUPIED sign goes on; the lig later, bursting out of the booth. . . SUPERMAN! 26. He's just about to take off, when he does an "Oops!" four photos drop into the receptacle. AS he turns to go b wanders by and SUPERMAN grabs them out of his hand. ON TH change. PHOTO 1" Clark.  2. Clark with glasses off, shirt along. 4. SUPERMAN. Quickly he tears off the fourth pictu astonished KID. 27. SUPERMAN lands on top of the car . . . now totally fi Quickly, he rips open the sun roof, reaches inside and ha out. Then, jumping to the ground, he lifts the car off th down, then jams the broken hydrant back into the sidewalk gushing water. 28. Across the street, the kiosk is engulfed in flames. S flies across the street with it and turns it upside down water gushes out and douses the flames. 29. JIMMY OLSEN, watching from the sidewalk, sheers:
5) 18) text: At which point, the door opens and a grumpy, middle-aged bizarre object on wheels before her. The WOMAN is MISS HE Circulation Department. The thing she pushes is one of th Bingo machines with a hand crank on the side that turns a hundreds of little white plastic balls churn about until the chute. Attached to it is a big promotional sign, whic "JINGO! Daily Planet Big Prize Bingo, by JINGO!!"
33) 4) text: WIDER -- The gym is decorated: crepe paper, balloons, pos and blow-ups of the old black and white graduation photos including one of the series, studios, bespectacled young standard yearbook shots of the great moments of the class Senior Prom, production of 'Our Town,' etc.). Surrounded by COUPLES dancing tot he strains of Golden Ol school era, CLARK continues to make polite chat with MINN suddenly, he focuses on something across the room.  CLARK'S POV: Across the room, a YOUNG WOMAN about his age gym, carrying a stack of records in one arm and a stack o other. Red-haired and very pretty in an all-American way, the kind of girl who would instantly be surrounded by fri Oddly, she's not. In fact, she is the only woman here wit date. As if to platy down her aloneness, she instantly ge checking the refreshments and adjusting a loose decoratio picks up her plates and records again and turns to CAMERA spaces between dancing COUPLES, something that makes her C.U. LANA -- Her eyes sparkling with delight as she mimes
158) 5) dialog: It's a disgrace, that's what it is.
210) 0) text: The WOMAN looks down with distaste at the drunken and bat top of the food on the serving tray.
210) 1) dialog: No wonder they sent it back.