1) 60) dialog: Zavala you're winning this, right?
1) 62) dialog: I got money on you. I heard he took thirty days comp time to work out in Big Bear with De La Hoya's trainer.
1) 64) dialog: I'm breaking all your cameras, Taylor. (back to Z) You know he was Socal Golden Gloves champion?
1) 67) dialog: Make us proud, Mike. Deafening CHEERS as the crowd goes nuts. Zavala heads for the ring...
1) 106) dialog: This is called a ticket book. Inside are these things called tickets. It gets better. You can actually stop motorists and cut citations for vehicle code violations. Like running lights and speeding. There is a reason you are issued these books. All of you need to write. I know there is plenty of other fun to be had out there. But if you don't start writing the Captain will shit on me. And I will shit on you. Capiche?
1) 109) dialog: Orozco and Davis, A-Twenty Five. Peterson and Washington, A-Forty One. Zavala and Taylor, you got A- Thirteen.
1) 111) dialog: A-Thirteen.
1) 115) dialog: This isn't Monopoly, you don't get to pick your real estate. Goodbye. Go. Can you get through watch without killing anyone? THE CAMERA IS GRABBED OFF THE TABLE...
8) 0) text: Zavala and Taylor sit in the shade of a tree watching the neighborhood. Taylor uses a pair of binoculars. Sarge pulls alongside.
8) 5) dialog: You think they don't know you're here? Van Hauser wants to file a complaint on you, Taylor.
8) 7) dialog: He went through the academy before you were born so show a little respect. He said you were videotaping him. I warned you about that shit.
8) 9) dialog: Just consider the wisdom of what you're doing. The video camera has not been good to this department.
8) 12) dialog: I didn't tell you this. He was programmed to pull the pin a couple years ago. He's got three divorces under his belt so his Margins were pretty slim. Turns out marriage three-point-oh cratered because he was tapping a little mommy from right around here and knocked her up. He's gotta keep working to pay for the kid. He'll end up doing thirty and giving away his pension to a lot of outstretched hands. (CONTINUED)
8) 16) dialog: That's not for broadcast. Have some empathy for the man. And Taylor, I'm entering in my log I verbally counseled you about the cameras.
14) 9) dialog: Here they come! A beat later Zavala and Taylor enter...
17) 38) dialog: Taylor!
17) 42) dialog: Taylor. Hey. Why didn't you blow that asshole away? You had him dead to rights. A beat.
17) 46) dialog: You guys did good. Let's get this written up. Make sure all the logs match. Brass'll need clean paper on this one. DASH CAM SHOT -- Zavala walks up, joins Sarge and Taylor...
17) 48) dialog: He ain't coming back. Split his eyeball. You could see his lens hanging out. Rookie ain't coming back either. Sarge pulls the Rookie's badge from his pocket.
17) 49) dialog: She gave me this for the Watch Commander. A quiet beat as three veteran cops bathed in the glow of a black and white's headlights ponder the fragile nature of their lives...
18) 62) dialog: That statement could be misconstrued.
18) 65) dialog: Okay. Sorry. Zavala pours everyone shots of Patron. The knot of Cops, two Marines Taylor served with, hold up their glasses.
18) 72) dialog: Why didn't you two get married? Closer than girlfriends.
20) 22) dialog: Keep it up, you two. That kind of shit will earn you a risk Management case. The department built you up, wanna see how quickly it can tear you down?