4) 0) text: Sam three years earlier, |ess heavy and no beard, is taki a standardized test _in a small roomwith some other STUDE and a JAPANESE PROCTOR. DAVE (V.O. Before you start school freshman year, you have to prove your pr oficiency in a forei qn | anguage. f you didn't take an AP. course in high school, you have to pass a written proficiency examthe first week of school, or spend the next two years taking foreign language courses at eight a.m on the other side of campus. The test-takers are filling in their bubble sheets wth number two pencils. Sam however, is just relaxing. Hs answer sheet is blank, and he doodles a skull and cross b onto the test booklet, witten, incidentally, ENTIRELY IN JAPANESE. DAVE (cont'd; V.O) So Sam whose only foreign | anguage exper | ence is Pig Latin, tells them he's fluent in Japanese and sits for the exam Sam looks around, then | ooks at his watch. The second ha appr oaehi ng the twelve, to bring the time to_an even 9: it ticks twelve, the FIRE ALARM sounds. The Proctor j ump
4) 1) dialog: (Japanese; subtitled) Remain calm Leave your test bookl ets and exit the roomina single file line. The students proceed out of the room but Sam|ags behind. The Proctor sees Samstill in his seat and runs up to him JAPANESE PROCTOR (cont' d) (Japanese; subtitled Did you not understand ny instructions?! ? Leave your test here and exit the roo Sam just smiles at himand nods, but remains in his seat. Proctor is frantic. JAPANESE PROCTOR (cont'd) _. (Japanese; subtitled | Is it your wish to be burned alive in a horrible manner? Sam clearly doesn't understand. He offers the Proctor a s of gum The Proctor yells into his face: JAPANESE PROCTOR (cont' d) (Japanese; subtitled Your sacrifice both puzzles and honors me! | must flee now He bows, then runs out of the room Finally, Sampulls out HAND- HELD COPIER (battery operat ed, three inch scan wdt sale at Office Depot for $129.95) and quickly scans his nei ghbor's bubble sheet. FREEZE FRAME on SAM ni d- scan.