7) 0) text: Jeff walks down the econ department hallway, looking for Professor’ s office. Jeff locates the right door and walk o it.
15) 0) text: The T.A.'s fromthe exam have gathered the blue books and dividing up the stacks. An anci ent. PROFESSOR MARKOE is his desk typing on his computer. Samenters, on his crutch
15) 1) dialog: Can | help you?
15) 3) dialog: WII, |'msorry. That's really too bad, M. Schecter.
15) 6) dialog: M. Schecter, you know the rules.
15) 8) dialog: MW God, man! Get a hold of ourself! All right. AIL right. ou can take the test. But you have to take it right now, here in my office. You have three hours. 15. Sam takes an open seat and starts wping his eyes with his sl eeve.
15) 10) dialog: panj ay, give M. Schecter here the test and if you would be kind enough to monitor himfor the next three hours, | amgoing to play squash. INDI AN T. A. Sure, Professor Markoe. No problem The Professor leaves and the Indian T.A hands Sam the tes Wth the sour expression of someone whose plans for the da just got ruined, INDIAN T. A. (cont'd) Good | uck. Sams still a little teary-eyed.
32) 0) text: A Lar ge darkened room with about 60 STUDENTS. PROFESSOR MACINTYRE is standing in front of the supernova video.
32) 1) dialog: Li ght s! The lights come back on. PROFESSOR MACINTYRE (cont'd) Not all stars wll go supernova, of course. Only a narrow range of solar masses wl! allow the delicate balance of gravity and energy to cause the phenonenon. 35. Angela sits near the aisle, taki ng notes. Dave enters th 0 class late and takes a seat next her.
32) 6) dialog: The mathematical equation for determining a star's critical mass is actually quite straight forward. Anyone? A few dozen hands go up. Dave raises his hand, but Angela does not. She eyes him PROFESSOR MACI NTYRE (cont' d) You. Right there. The hands go down and Dave | ooks disappointed at not bei called on. Angela rolls her eyes at him Dave | ooks over her and smiles.
71) 0) text: Dave's rarely attended philosophy seminar. About twenty STUDENTS sit around a conference table headed by a young PROFESSOR SCHM DTZ. Dave is zoning out.
71) 2) dialog: Good, Josh. So then, would art, like procreation itself, be an effort to touch the divine? Dave, good to see you this evening. What do you thi nk? Dave snaps out of his trance.
71) 4) dialog: Qh, I'msorry if we're boring you. W were comparing art to rocreation. Do you have anything o add to the di scussi on? Dave struggles to think of something. Finally,
71) 6) dialog: Anyone else? A bunch of hands go up.
79) 0) text: Another seminar, another group of STUDENTS. PROFESSOR TAF moderates the discussion.
79) 2) dialog: Good. But what was Cyrano's tragic fl aw?
79) 5) dialog: Nice to see you in class, Dave. But | think what Rostand was saying is that the potential reward was worth the risk and only by recogni zing that fact could Cyrano truly become the man he al ways wanted to be. These words strike a chord wth Dave. He reels back as the discussion continues. He just sits there, thinking it ove then he springs to life. Professor Taft watches silently Dave picks up his bookbag and exits. 101.
95) 0) text: Jeff enters Professor's Markoe's office weari ng gl asses a tool belt and carrying a clipboard. A SECRETARY greets
102) 5) dialog: 