1) 0) text: The Mdtermexam_ The huge lecture hall is filled wth about 200 COLLEGE STUDENTS and a few TEACHING ASSI STANTS. The T.A.'s are working their way up the center aisle passi ng the exams and blue books row by row. The smug HEAD T. A. stands at the front of the room HEAD T. A. The midtermis worth forty percent of your grade, but those of you with a working know edge of the Franco-Prussian War shouldn't be too concerned. In the aisle seat in the
12) 0) text: The examis over and the last of the students are fili ng, of the room The T.A.'s have gathered the blue books at th front of the room Ethan is chasing after Angela who is wal king wth a plain-l ooking girl, INNA.
20) 0) text: The guys are shooti ng, pool and eating their subs in the room of the Student Union. Nearby, other STUDENTS are sit around studying and watching "Wheel of Fortune." Only a f letters are showing on the "Before and After" puzzle.
32) 0) text: A Lar ge darkened room with about 60 STUDENTS. PROFESSOR MACINTYRE is standing in front of the supernova video.
32) 7) dialog: Using the gravitational constant times Msub 1, Msub 2, over R squared .... Dave points to her notebook and makes a begging | ook. Sh gives in and passes her notebook to him He begins revi ew the missed notes, then |ooks over at her and smiles again
46) 0) text: The geriatric ward. A few student VOLUNTEERS incl uding A are being | ed around by a NU
47) 0) text: Dozens of STUDENTS work out in this high-tech university Over on the stair climber, Angela is in the middle of her workout. She's wearing headphones and reading a magazine. From out of the locker room Ethan enters, wearing his dat 1980's sweatbands and "Let's Get Physical" workout cl ot He spots Angela and saddles up to the machine next to her She doesn't notice him so he turns on the machine. 57. Qovi ous! y. not very famliar wth the stair climber, Etha sone difficulty working the controls. He looks over at he machi ne to match the settings. Finally settled in, he turns to her, trying to get her attention. He becomes nomentarily dazed when he accidenta eyes her oscillating ass. He almost FALLS OFF the machine but quickly regains his balance. He turns to her again. Sensing a disturbance in The Force, Angela turns to Ethan She smles hello.
55) 0) text: A party is raging. Various STUDENTS are danci ne and drin Sam and Reanna are dancing closely. Reanna yells to Sam
58) 0) text: The two walk across the courtyard of their dorm building, past busy STUDENTS in bet ween cl asses.
64) 0) text: It's getting colder on this | ate November day. STUDENTS the wnd bundled in their heavy coats and scarves.
71) 0) text: Dave's rarely attended philosophy seminar. About twenty STUDENTS sit around a conference table headed by a young PROFESSOR SCHM DTZ. Dave is zoning out.
71) 1) dialog: But | think what Hegel was saying was that man creates art to achi eve permanence in an otherwise epheneral world.
79) 0) text: Another seminar, another group of STUDENTS. PROFESSOR TAF moderates the discussion.
79) 1) dialog: But Cyrano wouldn't fight for the woman he loved. That's why it's a tragedy.
79) 3) dialog: He was afraid. He was a coward.
86) 0) text: The Counter Guy is taking a STUDENT's order as Dave enter the restaurant.