1) 0) text: Seething with activity, people of all kinds walking swift purposefully to and from elevators, newsstands, etc. Othe standing, waiting. Guards stationed at various posts. Cam across lobby and then dollies into a bank of elevators. A of people crowd into one. The door closes.
2) 0) text: The elevators on left. Many doorways to various courtroom right. Each door marked with a hanging sign. The first si “Court of General Sessions. Part I”. The second sign read of General Sessions. Part II” etc. An elevator door opens number of people exit and walk down the corridor. Other p men and women, stand in the corridor talking. The whole f one of movement, activity, intense concentration. Everyon purpose. -Camera dollies down the corridor, following a g people who exited from the elevator. People peel off from group at various doors. At each door stands a guard. Peop in and out of the doors. Camera reaches the door marked “ and pans around to face the door. A guard stands in front impassively. No one else is in front of the door, as comp the knots of whispering people in front of all the other The case going on in “Part VI” obviously has very little interest. ‘Through the glass window of the door we can se the background, the judge at his bench. He is facing to h and talking. We hear nothing. He stops and turns to his r He raises his hand as if calling the waiter.
4) 0) text: A very hot summer afternoon. It is a large, drab, bare ro need of painting, with three windows in the back wall thr can be seen the New York skyline. Off the jury room is a with a lavatory beyond. A large, scarred table is C with chairs around it. A bench stands against the wall and the several extra chairs and a small table in the room, plus cooler, with paper cups and a waste basket and an electri the bench and a clock over the cooler and row of hooks fo with a shelf over it. There are pencils, pads and ashtray table. At night the room is lit by fluorescent lighting w switch next to the door. The Jurors enter preceded by a Guard. He checks his list. Juror, an old man, crosses, goes into the washroom, and e the lavatory. The 4th Juror begins to read a newspaper. S jurors open the windows. Others move awkwardly about the There is no conversation for a few moments. The 3rd Juror out some notes and studies them. The 2nd Juror crosses to water-cooler, gets a cup of water. The Foreman tears a sh the notepad and tears up little slips of paper for ballot Guard crosses to the 12th Juror and checks his name. The crosses to the 4th Juror and offers him a stick of gum. T Juror shakes his head.
4) 5) dialog: Okay, gentlemen. Everybody's here. If there's anything you want, I'm right outside. Just knock.
4) 6) text: The Guard exits and in the silence the sound is heard of being locked.
4) 715) dialog: Is there anything wrong, gentlemen? _I heard some noise.
6) 318) dialog: All right, gentlemen. Bring your coats and come along. The Guard exits.. The foreman and the other Jurors collec jackets etc., and follow him off. The 3rd Juror remains s Finally only he and the 8th. Juror remain in the room. Th Juror puts on his own jacket and brings the 3rd Juror’s j him. 3rd Juror rises. 8th Juror helps him on with his jac Juror exits. 8th Juror follows, but pauses at the door an back at the empty Jury room. The knife still sticks into table. The 8th Juror exits. The rain has stopped.