2) 0) text: The elevators on left. Many doorways to various courtroom right. Each door marked with a hanging sign. The first si “Court of General Sessions. Part I”. The second sign read of General Sessions. Part II” etc. An elevator door opens number of people exit and walk down the corridor. Other p men and women, stand in the corridor talking. The whole f one of movement, activity, intense concentration. Everyon purpose. -Camera dollies down the corridor, following a g people who exited from the elevator. People peel off from group at various doors. At each door stands a guard. Peop in and out of the doors. Camera reaches the door marked “ and pans around to face the door. A guard stands in front impassively. No one else is in front of the door, as comp the knots of whispering people in front of all the other The case going on in “Part VI” obviously has very little interest. ‘Through the glass window of the door we can se the background, the judge at his bench. He is facing to h and talking. We hear nothing. He stops and turns to his r He raises his hand as if calling the waiter.
3) 1) text: glass on a tray. of the corridor we are now in the deathlike courtroom. A hand places a freshly-filled pitcher of water on the tray. A pair of hands fills a glass from pitcher. Camera pans with glass as it is raised. Camera h close-up of judge, drinking the water. He finishes, puts down, and turns to his left again. He clears his throat. begins to speak.
3) 3) dialog: ..-and that concludes the court's explanation of the legal aspects of this case. And now, gentlemen of the jury, I come to my final instruction to you. Murder in the first degree - - premeditated homicide -- is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts. You've listened to the testimony and you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies to this case. It now becomes your duty to try and separate the facts from the fancy. One man is dead. The life of another is at stake. I urge you to deliberate honestly and thoughtfully. If there is a reasonable doubt -- then you must bring me a verdict of "not guilty". If, however, there is no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused guilty. However you decide, your verdict must be unanimous. In the event you find the accused guilty...
3) 5) dialog: ...the bench will not entertain a recommendation for mercy. The death sentence is mandatory in this case. I don't envy you your job. You are faced with a grave responsibility. Thank you, gentlemen. There is a brief pause. The jurors file out.