18) 12) dialog: [Nai Nai... We don’t need a big wedding banquet. We just came to spend time with you. ]
30) 0) text: Aiko and Hao Hao pose in front of a backdrop, dressed in elaborate wedding attire. They're as stiff as the plastic bride and groom toppers on a cake. A PHOTOGRAPHER adjusts the couple's positions.
38) 0) text: Billi, Hao Hao, Haiyan and Uncle Haibin are lost as they frantically try to orient themselves. INT. THE PEOPLE’S HOSPITAL, EXAM ROOM - MORNING Nai Nai sits on the exam table with Mrs. Gao by her side. Billi, Haiyan, Hao Hao and Uncle Haibin rush in, Nai Nai scrunches her face in annoyance.
40) 0) text: A funeral procession is led by a melodramatic CRIER. Noth specifically indicates whether she’s professional or amat Nearby, the Wang family (including Gu Gu and Bao) gather around YE YE’S GRAVE. The tomb bears a PHOTO OF YE YE. They quickly set out fruit, eggs, bao zi (dumplings), bam wrapped sticky rice, and other offerings. Everyone talks each other in a lively manner. Despite being in a graveyard, the setting is full of life Nai Nai hands Hao Hao a bag of food.
46) 22) dialog: [Somewhere close. ] Auntie Ling speaks to Aiko in Japanese. This is not subtitled.
49) 0) text: Plates of CRABS exit the kitchen. Waiters set the crabs o tables. Kids run amuck as Nai Nai goes from table to tabl greeting guests. Hao Hao and Ami also greet guests. On stage, SUN AO (early 40’s) and his wife NICO give a to Both are tipsy and exuberant. 73.
53) 0) text: Nai Nai escorts Hao Hao and Aiko from table to table, toasting guests.
56) 0) text: ON STAGE. Aiko and Hao Hao sing a Japanese karaoke song. They're both incredibly off key. MAIN TABLE. Jian and Little Nai Nai watch the awkward performance in silence. Jian senses the weight of Little Nai’s grief amidst all this celebration.
58) 0) text: The entire family flaps their arms like birds. This is a drinking game. Joyful and exhilarating, the game allows t all to forget for the time being. Hao Hao keeps messing up the game so he drinks. He drinks and drinks and drinks.
59) 0) text: ON STAGE. A YOUNG CHINESE WOMAN sings a melancholic Itali opera. In the middle of the room, Hao Hao bawls uncontrollably. Seeing this, Gu Gu runs up to him. A few TEEN GIRLS also huddle around him. Gu Gu locks eyes with Billi and waves frantically. Billi rushes over, searching the room for Nai Nai. Nai Nai is distracted by a conversation with Mrs. Gao. 80.