18) 4) dialog: [That's a long time. ]
18) 11) dialog: [Hao Hao’s Chinese is fine. He’s just being shy. Hao Hao, talk to Nai Nai in Chinese! ] Everyone stares at Hao Hao. He reluctantly obeys, speakin slowly in his broken Chinese.
20) 3) dialog: It's probably the jet-lag. Come, I’1ll take you to the hotel. ]
20) 5) dialog: With so many people visiting, it's easier if everyone stays at a hotel. It’s very close.]
21) 0) text: Billi and Uncle Haibin walk side by side in awkward silen They pass street vendors wrapped in smoke and incandescen lighting, selling meat skewers off their grills.
21) 1) dialog: [Nai Nai is very sick, you know?] He speaks in an eerily calm, matter-of-fact tone. Not sur the question is rhetorical, Billi answers.
21) 3) dialog: [Nai Nai herself doesn't know. We're not going to tell her.] 24.
21) 5) dialog: (not listening) [She doesn't have long left. We got several opinions already. I also spoke to a doctor in Japan. A cancer specialist. ] Billi stares straight ahead, unengaged. This doesn’t dete Uncle Haibin. UNCLE HAIBIN (CONT’D) I got her some medicine. It was expensive. ]
21) 7) dialog: (matter-of-factly) From the internet. ] Billi is at a loss for words. More awkward silence.
21) 8) dialog: Nai Nai... she loves you so much, you know? ]
21) 10) dialog: You and Hao Hao spent every summer with her and grandpa until you moved to the US. But you were very little then, so you probably don’t remember. ]
21) 13) dialog: [She doesn’t know. So you have to be very careful not to tell her.] It feels like he’s testing her. Billi’s patience wears th She raises her voice.
21) 15) dialog: e oesn now a ing. She d 'tk thing Billi relinquishes with a sigh. As they continue on, thei repetitious dialogue falls into pace with their walking.
21) 17) dialog: [We’re not planning on telling her. J
21) 19) dialog: [No matter how sad you feel, you cannot say anything. ] Billi stares ahead as they head into a brightly lit commercial district.
22) 0) text: Billi and Uncle Haibin stand across from MICHAEL (late 20 the hotel manager.
22) 1) dialog: (What do you mean the elevator broke? Isn't this a newly opened hotel? ]
22) 5) dialog: (to Billi) [You're OK, right? I'm gonna head back. Get some sleep. ] and he leaves.
24) 29) dialog: Have you taken your pills?]
24) 31) dialog: You have to remember to take them every day, or there's no point! Where are they?]
25) 0) text: Nai Nai and Uncle Haibin stand across from the WEDDING COORDINATOR in an empty banquet hall. Nai Nai is visibly upset.
25) 4) dialog: (Champagne? What champagne? ]
25) 6) dialog: (frowning) [Chinese people aren’t accustomed to drinking champagne! Get the baijiu.] The BANQUET CHEF approaches -—
25) 11) dialog: (Ma! Don’t get all worked up, crab is great! ]
34) 6) dialog: [Really?] Uncle Haibin looks at Haiyan in disbelief and Haiyan avoi eye contact.
34) 7) dialog: (to Billi) [I don’t think so. I think he just told you that. ] Sun Ao sees that Nai Nai didn’t finish her beer.
34) 43) dialog: [I'll always be Chinese. No matter where I live or what passport I hold. ]
37) 0) text: As Billi steps out of her room, Uncle Haibin rushes past.
37) 1) dialog: (Hurry up, I’ll meet you downstairs! ] 51. Billi turns to see Haiyan getting dressed.
37) 4) dialog: [OK auntie, I'll figure it out. Just get over there and we’ll meet you! ] Billi looks back and forth, caught in the middle of this crossfire.
37) 6) dialog: [Nai Nai went to the hospital. ] Hao Hao steps out of his room, still half asleep.
38) 0) text: Billi, Hao Hao, Haiyan and Uncle Haibin are lost as they frantically try to orient themselves. INT. THE PEOPLE’S HOSPITAL, EXAM ROOM - MORNING Nai Nai sits on the exam table with Mrs. Gao by her side. Billi, Haiyan, Hao Hao and Uncle Haibin rush in, Nai Nai scrunches her face in annoyance.
38) 47) dialog: [You heard him, Ma. It’s just precautionary. ] Nai Nai looks to Haiyan for his opinion. He diverts his g to the ground. INT. THE PEOPLE’S HOSPITAL - DAY Nai Nai sits alone in a hospital gown awaiting her X-ray. has a coughing fit.
39) 3) dialog: [We can make plans without telling her. J 57. Haiyan lets out a conflicted sigh.
39) 7) dialog: [This isn’t America. ] [I recommend...it’s not time yet.]
39) 27) dialog: [But play something happier...] Billi sits at the keys, raw with emotion.
40) 19) dialog: (Ma... let the man smoke. He’s already dead, what else can happen? ] This makes Nai Nai laugh, and her laughter is contagious. Nai Nai takes a bite of banana, then feeds some to Billi. Jian eats an egg, Haiyan smokes a cigarette. It’s a feast
46) 2) dialog: [What’s to discuss? Of course ma has to be buried beside ba. Her relationship with Mr. Li is just one of convenience! ]
46) 11) dialog: [Don’t control him! He’s your father, you shouldn’t control him.
46) 18) dialog: [You know Billi. You need to understand something. You guys moved to a Western country a long time ago, so you’re no longer connected to the Eastern way of looking at things. In America, you think one’s life belongs to oneself. But that’s the difference between the East and the West. In the East, your life is part of a whole. Family. Society. ] He lectures to her like she’s a child. Still, his words register.
46) 19) dialog: [You want to tell Nai Nai the truth because you feel too much responsibility carrying it. If you tell her, then you don’t have to feel guilty anymore. We’re not telling her because it is our responsibility to carry this emotional burden for her. ] INT. HOTEL BEST, HAO HAO AND AIKO’S ROOM - NIGHT Hao Hao, Auntie Ling and Jian crawl around the floor as B walks past the open door. She stops to watch them.
50) 0) text: Uncle Haibin clears his throat.
50) 1) dialog: [Keep eating, keep eating, I don't mean to interrupt your meal. As the eldest son, let me say a few words on behalf of myself and my brother. ] Their attention is dispersed as Uncle Haibin launches int his speech.
50) 2) dialog: [It's been over 25 years since my brother and I have both been in China at the same time with our families. I'm very happy to welcome Aiko to our family. Perhaps next time, when we return again, we'll bring a new baby. ] Uncle Haibin’s voice drifts as he struggles to stay focus 74.
50) 3) dialog: [My little brother and I haven't been around, and all these years, we've had to rely on all of you to take care of our ma. Chen Ping... you've been here all these years, by our mother’s side, treating her like your own. I’m very grateful to you. To all of you... I want to thank you, from the bottom of my heart. (long beat) But the person I want to thank the most...] His face quivers. Billi leans in, holding her breath. The entire room suddenly gets quiet. The awkward silence underscored by the sporadic SOUND OF CHAIRS AND UTENSILS.
50) 4) dialog: [The person I want to thank the most... is... (his voice breaks) My mother. Forgive us for not being around, Ma. Everything I am, everything I've become... ] The dam ruptures with force. Tears stream down his face.
50) 5) dialog: [-.. is because of my Ma!] Uncle Haibin's shoulders shake as he sobs uncontrollably stage. Uncle Haibin had warned her about this very thing, now he's the one falling apart. Billi watches in disbelief.
50) 6) dialog: [Ma, you are the best mother in the entire world. (he bows) Thank you, Ma.] As he finishes, scattered applause fills the room. Billi turns to Nai Nai, who dabs the moisture from her ey with a handkerchief. It’s hard to tell what she’s thinkin Billi scans the rest of the room. HUNGRY GUESTS, includin Mr. Li and Bao, shove food into their mouths. She leans o to Haiyan. 75.
59) 10) dialog: [OK, everybody look at the camera! ]
59) 15) dialog: (On the count of three, everybody say ‘eggplant!’] Everyone says ‘eggplant’ with a forced smile. The camera off with a flash. Billi and Little Nai Nai’s faces are frozen in a look of shock. As the rest of the family stays frozen in a smile, Billi awkwardly excuses herself from the group photo. She begin run.