3) 0) text: Harry enters, turns, and stops dead: a tiny CREATURE with bat-like ears and bulging green eyes is jumping on his bed as if it were a trampoline. This is DOBBY.
3) 1) dialog: Harry Potter! Such an honor it is! (CONTINUED )
3) 4) dialog: Dobby, sir. Dobby the house elf.
3) 6) dialog: Oh, yes, sir, Dobby understands. It's just that, Dobby has come to tell you... it is difficult, sir... Dobby wonders where to begin.
3) 8) dialog: S-s-sit down? Suddenly Dobby BURSTS INTO TEARS. LOUD TEARS. Harry panics.
3) 10) dialog: Offend Dobby! Dobby has heard of your greatness, sir, but never has he been asked to sit down by a wizard, like an equal...
3) 12) dialog: Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby!
4) 0) text: Uncle Vernon pours champagne for MR. and MRS. MASON. As Dobby's HEAD BANGING sounds from above, all eyes shift to the ceiling. Uncle Vernon chuckles nervously. (CONTINUED )
5) 0) text: Dobby gets back to his feet, wobbling, eyes spinning dizzily. Harry regards him with a mixture of concern... and wariness.
5) 2) dialog: Dobby had to punish himself, sir. Dobby almost spoke ill of his family, sir.
5) 4) dialog: The wizard family Dobby serves, sir. Dobby is bound to serve one family forever. If they ever knew Dobby was here... Dobby shudders in fear, then looks up, WHISPERS urgently.
5) 5) dialog: But Dobby had to come. Dobby has to protect Harry Potter. To warn him. (in a fierce whisper) Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year.
5) 7) dialog: This is a plot. A plot to make most terrible things happen. If Harry Potter goes back to school he will be in great danger. (CONTINUED )
7) 0) text: Harry wrestles the lamp away from Dobby.
7) 6) dialog: Friends who don't even write to Harry Potter?
7) 8) dialog: Harry Potter mustn't be angry with Dobby -- Dobby hoped if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him... Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir...
8) 0) text: ... Harry flies desperately after, Dobby bouncing like a ping-pong ball down the stairs and into the kitchen. As Harry races in, he finds Dobby on the counter, waving his arms. Aunt Petunia's masterpiece of a pudding RISES, then floats into the living room, HOVERING over the Mason's heads. The Masons don't see, but the Dursleys -- goggle-eyed--do.
8) 2) dialog: Harry Potter must say he's not going back to school.
8) 8) dialog: (a tragic expression) Then Dobby must do it, sir. For Harry Potter's own good. Dobby SNAPS HIS FINGERS. The pudding PLUMMETS... straight onto the Masons. They stand blinking, covered head to foot with whipped cream and sugared violets. The Masons exit. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia race after them.
52) 4) dialog: Harry Potter came back to school. Dobby warned him. Harry Potter should have listened to Dobby. Harry Potter should have gone back home when he missed the train.
52) 6) dialog: Indeed yes, sir. Dobby hid and watched for Harry Potter and sealed the gateway.
52) 11) dialog: At least you would be away from here. Harry Potter must go home! Dobby thought his Bludger would be enough to make Harry Potter see --
52) 16) dialog: Dobby feels most aggrieved, sir. (waggling his fingers) Dobby had to iron his hands...
52) 18) dialog: (smiling weakly) Dobby is used to death threats, sir. Dobby gets them five times a day at home.
52) 20) dialog: Not kill you, sir, never kill you! Dobby remembers how it was before Harry Potter triumphed over He Who Must Not Be Named. We house elves were treated like vermin, sir. Of course, Dobby is still treated like vermin... Dobby HONKS his nose on the filthy pillowcase he wears.
52) 22) dialog: This, sir? ‘Tis a mark of the house elf's enslavement. Dobby can only be freed if his master presents him with clothes. The family is careful not to pass Dobby so much as a sock, sir, for then he would be free to leave their house forever. Dobby's ears QUIVER, detecting... FOOTSTEPS. He WHISPERS.
52) 23) dialog: Terrible things are about to happen at Hogwarts! Harry Potter must not stay here now that history is to repeat itself! (CONTINUED )
52) 28) dialog: Dobby cannot say, sir. Dobby only wants Harry Potter to be safe.
113) 8) dialog: (in wonderment) Master has given Dobby a sock. Master has presented Dobby with clothes. Dobby is... free!
113) 11) dialog: You shall not harm Harry Potter! Dobby steps between and -- BANG! Malfoy flies backwards, lands in a crumpled heap. Rising, he stares murderously at Harry.
113) 13) dialog: Harry Potter freed Dobby! How can Dobby ever repay him?
113) 15) dialog: Anything, sir.