1) 0) text: Harry pages through a SCRAPBOOK, stops on a MOVING PHOTO of Ron and Hermione. SQUAWK! Harry jumps. HEDWIG pecks at the LOCK slung through her cage door, then glowers at Harry.
23) 4) dialog: Harry! Harry looks up, sees HERMIONE GRANGER standing at the top of Gringotts' white steps. She runs down to meet them. (CONTINUED )
23) 9) dialog: Hello, Hagrid. Oh, it's wonderful to see you two again. She stops then, cocks her head curiously at Harry, then takes out her wand and points it directly between his eyes.
23) 10) dialog: Oculus Reparo. Instantly, Harry's glasses are mended.
23) 12) dialog: C'mon. Everyone's been so worried. Hermione leads them to Gringotts, where Hermione's rather nervous-looking Muggle parents stand with the Weasleys.
23) 15) dialog: Isn't it thrilling! Gilderoy Lockhart's going to be there! We can actually meet him! I mean, he's written almost the whole booklist! As Mrs. Weasley and Hermione dash off, Harry frowns.
25) 21) dialog: Fear of a name only increases fear of the thing itself. Lucius Malfoy's eyes slide, find Hermione staring defiantly.
37) 5) dialog: I should think you'd count yourself lucky that's all you got.
37) 8) dialog: Mandrake, or Mandragora, is used to return those who have been transfigured to their original state. It's also quite dangerous. The Mandrake's cry is fatal to anyone who hears it.
39) 25) dialog: (raising her wand) Immobilus! The pixies FREEZE IN MIDAIR. Neville falls, PLOPS onto Lockhart's desk, shaken but unhurt. He looks at Hermione.
40) 0) text: Fresh from the pixies, Hermione, Ron, Harry and Neville walk. Hair askew. Robes shredded.
40) 2) dialog: I'm sure Professor Lockhart just wanted to give us some hands-on experience.
40) 6) dialog: Rubbish. Read his books. You'll see all the amazing things he's done.
41) 0) text: The Gryffindor Quidditch team -- Harry, Fred, George, ALICIA SPINNET, KATIE BELL, and ANGELINA JOHNSON -- trail Oliver Wood through the courtyard, toward the distant Quidditch pitch. Several students are outside, studying. woOoD I spent the summer devising a whole new Quidditch program. We're going to train earlier, harder, and longer! (squinting) What the... I don't believe it! Crossing the courtyard from the other side are SEVEN BOYS in GREEN ROBES, also carrying broomsticks. At their lead is MARCUS FLINT, trollish Slytherin Captain. Ron, sitting at a table with Hermione, looks up. (CONTINUED )
41) 11) dialog: At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy their way in. They got in on pure talent. (CONTINUED )
41) 16) dialog: Ron! Say something! Ron opens his mouth and... BELCHES. Hermione draws back, and watches a TRIO of SLUGS dribble out his mouth. The Slytherins CROW with LAUGHTER. Angrily, Ron rises, only to BELCH again. Fascinated, Colin Creevey runs up with his camera.
42) 7) dialog: (quietly) He called me a Mudblood.
42) 9) dialog: It means dirty blood. Mudblood's a really foul name for someone who was Muggle-born. Someone with non-magic parents. Someone... like me. It's not a term one usually hears in civilized conversation.
44) 5) dialog: Harry!
44) 9) dialog: Voice? What voice?
46) 0) text: ... Sleds to a stop, listening: Nothing. Slowly, he peers down. WATER is oozing over the stone floor, surrounding his shoes. His own REFLECTION appears and, behind it, undulating like a dream... WORDS. Ron and Hermione come huffing up. (CONTINUED )
46) 6) dialog: ‘The Chamber of Secrets has been opened...?'
46) 9) dialog: Look at that. Have you ever seen spiders act like that? Ron...?
46) 31) dialog: That's why Ron and I went looking for him, Professor. We'd just found him when Harry said...
47) 0) text: Harry, Ron and Hermione walk down the corridor.
47) 2) dialog: Harry. This voice. You said you heard it first in Lockhart's office?
47) 4) dialog: And did he hear it?
47) 7) dialog: I hardly think someone with Gilderoy Lockhart's credentials would lie to one of his students, Ronald. Besides, if you recall, we didn't hear anything either. (CONTINUED )
47) 11) dialog: ‘Course we do. It's just... it's a bit weird, isn't it? You hear this voice and then... Mrs. Norris turns up Petrified.
47) 14) dialog: No, Harry. Even in the wizarding world, hearing voices isn't a good sign.
47) 16) text: 62 THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02 53. CONTINUED: (Al) 62 McGonagall sees Hermione's raised hand. Her untouched animal. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Yes, Miss Granger?
47) 17) dialog: Professor, I was wondering if you could tell us about the Chamber of Secrets? A HUSH falls over the class. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL My subject is Transfiguration, Miss Granger.
47) 18) dialog: Yes, Professor. But there seems to be very little written about the Chamber of Secrets. For those of us with a personal interest in the subject, that is... disturbing. Malfoy regards Hermione with chilly amusement. McGonagall considers Hermione's question for a long moment, then nods. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Very well. You all know, of course, that Hogwarts was founded over a thousand years ago by the four greatest witches and wizards of the age: (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
47) 23) dialog: Muggle-borns. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Yes. Naturally, the school has been searched many times for such a chamber. It has never been found.
47) 24) dialog: Professor, what exactly does legend tell us lies within the Chamber? PROFESSOR McGONAGALL The Chamber is said to be home to something which the heir of Slytherin alone can control. It is said to be home... to a monster. Ron's eyes shift. Malfoy sits calmly, smiling to himself. 63 THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02 55.
48) 0) text: Harry, Hermione, and Ron thread their way through the teeming corridor. Up ahead, Malfoy walks with Crabbe and Goyle.
48) 2) dialog: Yes. Couldn't you tell: McGonagall's worried. All the teachers are.
48) 4) dialog: The Heir of Slytherin has returned to Hogwarts. The question is, who is it?
48) 6) dialog: (eyeing Malfoy ahead) If you're talking about him --
48) 8) dialog: I heard him. But Malfoy? The Heir of Slytherin?
48) 13) dialog: No. Even they aren't that thick. But there might be another way. Mind you, it would be difficult. Not to mention we'd be breaking about fifty school rules. And it would be dangerous. Very dangerous.
49) 0) text: In a dark nook, Harry, Ron and Hermione huddle round a book entitled Moste Potente Potions. The spotted pages are littered with DISTURBING ILLUSTRATIONS.
49) 1) dialog: Here it is: ‘The Polyjuice Potion. Properly brewed, the Polyjuice Potion allows the drinker to transform himself temporarily into the physical form of another...’
49) 3) dialog: Yes.
49) 5) dialog: Exactly. But it's tricky. I've never seen a more complicated potion. Lacewing flies, leeches, fluxweed. And, of course, we'll need a bit of whoever we want to change into too.
49) 10) dialog: A month.
49) 12) dialog: You didn't have to tell me that.
50) 10) dialog: You're joking, right? Besides, even with a proper wand, it's too risky. You could hit Harry. As Harry frantically dips and dives, Malfoy cruises by.
50) 14) dialog: Finite Incantatem! The Bludger hangs briefly in the air. Slowly ceases spinning. Drops heavily to the pitch. Harry exhales, relieved, only to recall the searing pain in his arm. As CONCERNED FACES swim above him, one particular face pushes through the others:
51) 0) text: A dazed Malfoy slumps out with Crabbe and Goyle. Ron, standing by Harry's bed with Hermione, grins, then watches MADAM POMFREY pour out a STEAMING BEAKERFUL OF LIQUID from a bottle of SKELE-GRO. A group of Gryffindors, including some of his teammates, stand nearby.
51) 2) dialog: You will be able to, won't you?
54) 0) text: A gloomy place. Cracked mirrors. Chipped sinks. Guttering candles. Harry and Ron huddle over a SMALL, BUBBLING CAULDRON, as Hermione adds STRANGE INGREDIENTS.
54) 1) dialog: Again? You mean, the Chamber of Secrets has been opened before?
54) 3) dialog: Maybe. We'll have to wait for the Polyjuice Potion to know for sure.
54) 5) dialog: Never. No one over comes in here.
54) 7) dialog: Moaning Myrtle.
54) 11) dialog: She's a little sensitive. 70 64.
55) 0) text: NOTICE-BOARD: DUELING CLUB! First Meeting Tonight. A GOLDEN STAGE has been erected. Lockhart struts atop it. Harry, Ron, Hermione and good number of other students watch.
55) 13) dialog: Do you think he's all right?
56) 0) text: Ron and Hermione usher Harry inside. Harry glances up, sees Ginny Weasley staring down at him from the top of the stairs. As their eyes meet, she turns for the girls' dormitory.
56) 5) dialog: You can talk to snakes.
56) 7) dialog: No. They can't. It's not a very common gift, Harry. This is bad.
56) 13) dialog: I don't know, Harry. But it sounded like you were egging the snake on or something. It was... creepy. As Gryffindors stream into the room, they eye Harry Even Seamus, Neville, and Dean Thomas walk by without a word.
56) 14) dialog: Harry, listen out me. There's a reason the symbol of Slytherin house is a serpent. Salazar Slytherin was a Parselmouth. He could talk to snakes too. (CONTINUED )
56) 19) dialog: He lived a thousand years ago. For all we know... you could be.
58) 0) text: The trio study. Harry, burdened by dark thoughts, looks up at Ron. He smiles at Harry, then, seconds later, Hermione does the same -- something forced about it all. Unable to bear it, Harry gathers his books, gets up from the table. As Harry walks, students glance up, meet his gaze, then look away. Even MADAM PINCE eyes him from her desk. Ginny Weasley, tired and pale, scribbles furiously in a SMALL BLACK BOOK. Harry exits, walks into the hallway and pauses. From inside a room, the VOICES of a group of Hufflepuffs can be heard.
63) 0) text: Students drift into the snow with their trunks, heading home for holiday. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione appear, Ernie and few others cast wary glances.
63) 8) dialog: (reproachfully) Harry!
63) 10) dialog: You don't believe that, Harry, I know you don't. And if it makes you feel better, I just heard Malfoy's staying over for holiday, too.
63) 12) dialog: Because, in a few days, the Polyjuice Potion's will be ready. In a few days... we may truly know who is the Heir of Slytherin.
64) 0) text: The Christmas Feast. The Hall glimmers grandly as snowflakes tumble from the ceiling. Harry and Ron sit with Hermione. (CONTINUED )
64) 2) dialog: Everything's set. We just need a bit of who you're changing into.
64) 4) dialog: And we also need to make sure that the real Crabbe and Goyle can't burst in on us while we're interrogating Malfoy.
64) 6) dialog: I've got it all worked out. I've filled these with a simple Sleeping Draught. Simple, but powerful. Ron glances at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who presently are eating everything in front of them.
64) 7) dialog: You know how greedy Crabbe and Goyle are. They won't leave the Christmas Feast until every last drop of trifle is gone. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
64) 10) dialog: Now, once they're asleep, hide them in a broom cupboard and pull out a few of their hairs.
64) 12) dialog: I've already got mine. She removes a SMALL VIAL. Inside is a TINY HAIR.
64) 13) dialog: Millicent Bulstrode. She's in Slytherin. I got this off her robes. (rising) All right then... I'm going to check on the Polyjuice Potion. Hermione points to the cakes in front of her.
64) 14) dialog: Remember. Just make sure Crabbe and Goyle find these. Hermione exits. Ron looks at Harry.
66) 0) text: Hermione, wearing a Slytherin robe, hovers over a smoking cauldron. Harry and Ron enter. (CONTINUED )
66) 3) dialog: Did you get it? Harry and Ron hold up their hands. In each: a TUFT OF HAIR. Hermione points to a pair of SLYTHERIN ROBES.
66) 4) dialog: I sneaked those out of the laundry. Harry and Ron nod, glance at the cauldron. The potion resembles a thick, dark, bubbling mud. (CONTINUED )
66) 7) dialog: I'm sure I've done everything right. It looks like the book said it should. Once we've drunk it, we'll have exactly one hour before we change back into ourselves.
66) 9) dialog: We separate it into three glasses and add the hairs. Harry and Ron grimace. cut TO:
66) 26) dialog: (from the stall) I -- I don't think I'm going. You go on without me.
66) 28) dialog: Just go! You're wasting time!
71) 3) dialog: Go away! (CONTINUED )
71) 7) dialog: Do you remember me telling you the Polyjuice Potion was only for human transformations...? Even in shadow, they can see: Hermione's face is covered in FUR, her eyes YELLOW, and POINTED EARS poke through her hair.
71) 8) dialog: It was cat hair I plucked off Millicent Bulstrode's robes! Look at my face!
72) 0) text: Staggering under the weight of the LIBRARY BOOKS in their arms, Harry and Ron make their way to Hermione's bed, which is covered in... BOOKS.
72) 1) dialog: Oh, good. Put those anywhere. They look. There is no anywhere. So they just... drop them.
72) 3) dialog: I've got to keep up, haven't I? Just then, Hermione's tail twitches INTO VIEW.
72) 8) dialog: Any day now, according to Madam Pomfrey. I'm just thankful I've stopped coughing up fur balls.
72) 10) dialog: Now. What about the Chamber of Secrets? Any new leads?
72) 12) dialog: And has it gotten any better? I mean... is anyone speaking to you?
72) 15) dialog: Of course not. I don't know how that got there. Now go. I still have six hundred pages to read in Transformation Through the Ages. 91
76) 3) dialog: Tom Riddle... Hm. And Ron said he won an award fifty years ago?
76) 5) dialog: Fifty years ago? You're sure?
76) 7) dialog: Don't you remember what Malfoy told you? The last time the Chamber of Secrets was opened was --
76) 9) dialog: Tom Riddle was here, at Hogwarts, when it happened. What if he wrote about what he saw? It's possible he knew where the Chamber was, how to open it, even what sort of creature lives in it. If so, whoever's behind the attacks this time wouldn't want a diary like this lying around, would they?
76) 11) dialog: It might be invisible ink. (pulls out her wand) Aparecium! She taps the diary three times. Nothing happens. The pages remain BLANK. She frowns, passes the book back to Harry. (CONTINUED )
76) 14) dialog: I don't know, Harry. But I think you should be careful with this. Something tells me Ron might be right. It could be dangerous.
76) 16) dialog: I'm scared, Harry. But not of you.
82) 0) text: Harry, Ron and Hermione walking together across the groun
82) 1) dialog: It can't be Hagrid. It just can't be.
82) 4) dialog: Look. Hagrid's our friend. Why don't we just go ask him about it? (CONTINUED )
82) 9) dialog: No! Hagrid looks at them curiously. Harry nods to the STRANGE CANISTER in his hand.
83) 1) dialog: It had to be a Gryffindor. Nobody else knows our password. Unless, it wasn't a student... (CONTINUED )
85) 0) text: Harry, dressed in his Quidditch robes, dashes down the staircase with Ron and Hermione. Down below, Ron spies Ginny.
85) 5) dialog: Harry... I think I've just understood something! I've got to go to the library! As Hermione sprints back up the stairs, Harry YELLS.
114) 3) dialog: You solved it! You solved it!
114) 8) dialog: Oh, no! At the rear of the Hall, the great doors OPEN. It's Hagrid. He enters. Stops. Looks around. The room falls SILENT. All eyes upon him. He glances around. Nervous. Embarrassed.