9) 85) dialog: I'm Isabelle Wallace, and my handsome new son scarcely did you justice, girl.
9) 87) dialog: Now, my husband says to scoot you over to the ballpark, so you can hang with Michael.  But first, you have to meet a lot of really old women.
9) 89) dialog: That is, if you've absorbed enough profanity.
37) 0) text: Julianne and Walter enter the rear of a striking Gothic C pastel light slanting in through stained glass windows. see the full effect of her outfit, a man's-style chalk st tailored to fit her body, set off by a bold silk tie.  So dynamite.  She hangs back, while Walter proceeds down the nave toward... ... Michael, Kimmy, Isabelle and Joe, who stand casually the altar.  Scattered around are assorted groomsmen, ushe obvious flowergirl.  Coming toward us, up the aisle... ... the MINISTER, early 40s, lean and quite attractive. HANGING on his arm, pressing her body against him as they murmuring urgent murmurs close to his ear.  He's a really sport, and really uncomfortable.  Sammy is walking backwa right in front of them, DROPS her bag, and BENDS to retri if oblivious to major cleavage on immediate display. Julianne is so lost in her own anxiety, she doesn't even until...
45) 0) text: Julianne escorted into an enormous room, where brunch is progress for more than a hundred.  She looks from the vau ceilings, to the frescoed walls, the inlaid floors, the m pipe organ above the stone staircase, the oil portraits o ancestors and their favorite dogs. Isabelle has risen from the main table, and comes to her. smiles.  Julianne is in the Twilight Zone.  What are thes laughing about?  Do they still think there's a wedding?
45) 1) dialog: Jules.  We're so glad you slept in.
45) 3) dialog: Now, you have a choice.  The idea is bride and groom shouldn't see each other on the magic day...
45) 5) dialog: So Michael stays put in the garden. Kimmy stays in here...
45) 7) dialog: ... and the guests go back and forth.  Where will you start?
45) 10) dialog: (O.S., calmly) Nerves.  I would never have guessed.
58) 12) text: PANNING now.  Other faces.  Isabelle.  Proud to the bone.