11) 24) dialog: You gonna be my boy's best man?
21) 0) text: Julianne in T-shirt and shorts, rushes onto the deck of a beach club.  Clutching her bag, she quickly surveys the s ... the entire beach has been taken over by the wedding p Young folks, old folks, little kids, maybe 200 people.  W with her to find a crowd around... ... a three-on-three volleyball game.  Kimmy and two groo one side, facing Michael and the Tennessee debs.  The twi spectacular bikinis and are surprisingly athletic, as wel predictably uninhabited.  As the next point begins, Kimmy ... Sammy in back makes a nice dig, lobbing to Mandy who Michael's vicious SPIKE straight THROUGH his best man's h defense.  The crowd cheers Michael, and as he turns, Mand him a savage... ... CHEST BUMP of congratulation, that any NFL linebacker proud of.  It puts the surprised Michael straight on his Laughter, applause.  The twins pull him up and Sammy give hot kiss on his ear that makes the crowd react.  Kim play sport.  Julianne watches Michael's body for a beat, then. ... dashes off.  Down the beach, several barbecue grills set up.  Manned by beach club staff and family alike.  Mi pop, Joe, is dispensing beers from a keg.  Kim's mom, Isa coordinating the beans, potato salad and corn-on-the-cob Julianne races across the sand to... ... a huge smoky grill where Walter is basting baby back clearly enjoying himself.  Julianne runs up to him, says into his ear.  He looks at her.  Then turns his station o club steward, and follows Julianne down toward the lakesi CLOSE now.  As they stroll together, she's a little breat He's watching her profile, curious, silent.  At the water
37) 0) text: Julianne and Walter enter the rear of a striking Gothic C pastel light slanting in through stained glass windows. see the full effect of her outfit, a man's-style chalk st tailored to fit her body, set off by a bold silk tie.  So dynamite.  She hangs back, while Walter proceeds down the nave toward... ... Michael, Kimmy, Isabelle and Joe, who stand casually the altar.  Scattered around are assorted groomsmen, ushe obvious flowergirl.  Coming toward us, up the aisle... ... the MINISTER, early 40s, lean and quite attractive. HANGING on his arm, pressing her body against him as they murmuring urgent murmurs close to his ear.  He's a really sport, and really uncomfortable.  Sammy is walking backwa right in front of them, DROPS her bag, and BENDS to retri if oblivious to major cleavage on immediate display. Julianne is so lost in her own anxiety, she doesn't even until...
38) 0) text: CLOSE on a bowl filled with squares of butter.  HEAR the conversation from a rowdy, friendly joint.  Julianne's ri REACHES to the bowl, fingers trace the rim innocently, th ... SLIDE the bowl into Julianne's lap beneath the table. hand MASSAGES all the butter into a gooey revolving mess. pick out familiar voices now, family in distance, the twi As, hidden from view, Julianne brings... ... her left hand from her pocket.  Yep.  The ring is sti The finger already red and swollen from pacicky efforts t off.  And as APPLAUSE surrounds us, Julianne... PLUNGES her ring finger into the morass of grease, franti TEARING at the ring, butter SPLURGING on her pants, every we PULL BACK to see... ... the long table covered with butcher paper, the family end, the twins down here with us, a mug of beer for each team of waiters with heaping platters of CRABS, which the ... FLING across the butcher paper, as APPLAUSE continues everyone but Julianne, who still struggles secretly.  As set huge wooden MALLETS in front of each guest, Joe O'Nea POUNDS the table with his mallet for attention.
38) 1) dialog: Like to welcome ever'body to our little rehearsal supper...
38) 2) text: He COUGHS, unaccustomed to public speaking.  Walter and I clap and call out support.  So Joe lifts his mallet...
38) 3) dialog: Okay, everyone stand up!
38) 5) dialog: To the bride, uh, goes the honor... of cracking the first crab!
38) 6) text: Everyone applauses by banging their mallets.  Joe RAISES Everybody imitates.
58) 16) text: Joe nods, as he hears...