11) 15) dialog: If he gives you grief, I'll have him skillfully beaten, where the wounds won't show.
11) 17) dialog: Under the circumstances.  Charmed to know you, Jules.
17) 7) text: Her look is every bit as hard as his.  He gestures to the escalator.  She takes Kimmy's hand, and up they go.  We c Walter in a big leather chair, enjoying a major stogie. licks her lips. They enter.  Every head turns.  A nice range of reactions offended to attracted and points in between. JULIANNE (murmurs) Piece of cake.  I'll hang, and think happy thoughts...
17) 26) text: Explosive LAUGHTER from the peanut gallery.  As she jams Clemente Churchill into her mouth, she sees Kimmy waving from across the room.  Without even looking at the guy sh put away... ... she crosses the room, Walter stands politely, looking dapper, very powerful, and focusing on her with considera interest.  He waits until she sits on the edge of a costl hassock.
17) 27) dialog: (simply) Your idea?
17) 29) dialog: You're a woman of insight.
17) 31) dialog: My wife and I love this marriage, and deplore its circumstances.
17) 33) dialog: As you guessed, my daughter is unhappy about giving up her life. And, in my opinion, cowardly in avoiding the necessary confrontation.
17) 35) dialog: Mike has a world of ability. I'd do anything to have him in my company.
17) 37) dialog: Except ask him.
17) 39) dialog: He'd resent it.  And me.  And, most important, Kim.
17) 41) dialog: He's a great kid, but he's still a kid.  Instead of recognizing that his resistance comes from insecurity, he'd turn it to anger. To protect himself...
17) 43) dialog: ... from realizing that he's ignoring my daughter's needs, despite how very much he loves her.
17) 45) dialog: They both have some growing up to do.  But they're good people, they're starting with love. They've got time.
17) 48) dialog: And that interests me.  How someone who knows him so well could be so wrong.
21) 0) text: Julianne in T-shirt and shorts, rushes onto the deck of a beach club.  Clutching her bag, she quickly surveys the s ... the entire beach has been taken over by the wedding p Young folks, old folks, little kids, maybe 200 people.  W with her to find a crowd around... ... a three-on-three volleyball game.  Kimmy and two groo one side, facing Michael and the Tennessee debs.  The twi spectacular bikinis and are surprisingly athletic, as wel predictably uninhabited.  As the next point begins, Kimmy ... Sammy in back makes a nice dig, lobbing to Mandy who Michael's vicious SPIKE straight THROUGH his best man's h defense.  The crowd cheers Michael, and as he turns, Mand him a savage... ... CHEST BUMP of congratulation, that any NFL linebacker proud of.  It puts the surprised Michael straight on his Laughter, applause.  The twins pull him up and Sammy give hot kiss on his ear that makes the crowd react.  Kim play sport.  Julianne watches Michael's body for a beat, then. ... dashes off.  Down the beach, several barbecue grills set up.  Manned by beach club staff and family alike.  Mi pop, Joe, is dispensing beers from a keg.  Kim's mom, Isa coordinating the beans, potato salad and corn-on-the-cob Julianne races across the sand to... ... a huge smoky grill where Walter is basting baby back clearly enjoying himself.  Julianne runs up to him, says into his ear.  He looks at her.  Then turns his station o club steward, and follows Julianne down toward the lakesi CLOSE now.  As they stroll together, she's a little breat He's watching her profile, curious, silent.  At the water
21) 2) dialog: I hope so.  This is all too mysterious to waste on just me.
21) 6) dialog: Julianne, reading my son-in-law's mail, is not something...
21) 9) dialog: Matter of fact, that's how I got married.
21) 12) dialog: (quickly) I know Ben.
21) 17) dialog: It doesn't say th...
21) 24) dialog: And you think he's kept this to himself.
21) 29) dialog: This fax could mean... any number of things...
21) 31) dialog: (softly) Maybe.  I should call Ben.
25) 0) text: Through the window, the wedding party barbecue has extend night.  Lanterns, music, lots more food, lots more drinks distance, on the sand, Michael is slowdancing with Kimmy. where nearby, the soft CLICKING of keys.  We PULL BACK to ... a small clubby room.  Books, leather, polished woods. two people here.  Walter, looking on stony-faced, as a de Julianne grimly "struggles" to "find" what she's looking Michael's laptop.  And then... ... she stops typing.  Looks at the text on the screen. sharpen as she "reads" what Walter can't see.  It's an Os performance for our desperate girl.  She turns the screen
25) 1) dialog: (reads) Mike.  I hate this downsizing...
25) 3) dialog: (softly) And Kimmy doesn't know.
25) 5) dialog: (signs) I'll tell her I've reconsidered.
25) 7) dialog: You're a smart girl, Jules.
25) 8) text: She forces up a fleeting smile of gratitude.  But Walter smiling at all.
25) 9) dialog: Wish my daughter.  Bad your guts.
34) 0) text: Julianne in crisp chalk-stripe trousers and a buttoned-up shirt.  Her coat slung over her shoulder, she wanders thr the Saturday-deserted office space.  Desks, cubicles, mon silent.  A row of executive offices standing empty, waiti the custodian.  Turning a corner, we hear... ... life, at the end of the hallway.  A grand conference glass wall.  Walter, in shirtsleeves, running a strategy for five.  DEIDRE, his personal secretary, clicking every her laptop at warp speed.  Walter sees Julianne through t A comic take of pleased surprise.  He comes out to greet
34) 1) dialog: I thought Michael was picking me up.
34) 4) dialog: Kim said, when he turned down the job, there was no friction.
34) 8) dialog: I haven't caused... a problem, have I?
34) 11) dialog: Well, you're a little early...
36) 0) text: Walter alone with Deidre now, signing a stack of document efficiently places one after another before him.  When he he sees Julianne wandering the halls.  Stands, tells his
36) 1) dialog: (going through stack) Off to rehearsal.  Send out this, and this, not this, this, and... that's it.
36) 3) dialog: I'm holding four or five E-mails I wrote over lunch...
36) 5) dialog: Send 'em out.
37) 0) text: Julianne and Walter enter the rear of a striking Gothic C pastel light slanting in through stained glass windows. see the full effect of her outfit, a man's-style chalk st tailored to fit her body, set off by a bold silk tie.  So dynamite.  She hangs back, while Walter proceeds down the nave toward... ... Michael, Kimmy, Isabelle and Joe, who stand casually the altar.  Scattered around are assorted groomsmen, ushe obvious flowergirl.  Coming toward us, up the aisle... ... the MINISTER, early 40s, lean and quite attractive. HANGING on his arm, pressing her body against him as they murmuring urgent murmurs close to his ear.  He's a really sport, and really uncomfortable.  Sammy is walking backwa right in front of them, DROPS her bag, and BENDS to retri if oblivious to major cleavage on immediate display. Julianne is so lost in her own anxiety, she doesn't even until...
38) 2) text: He COUGHS, unaccustomed to public speaking.  Walter and I clap and call out support.  So Joe lifts his mallet...
54) 0) text: Game in progress.  Julianne and the bodyguard stand in th of the deserted skybox.  Everyone Walter knows is going t wedding.  The box is empty except for one cardboard conta nachos, extra cheese, sitting alone before a pulled-back
58) 0) text: Begins to slowly PAN BACK UP the length of an exquisite g can tell from the organ, the nearby thrum of expectant vo we are nearing the moment.  We reach... ... Kimmy's hand.  Firmly clasping Walter's.  Keep PANNIN bodice, the lace, her throat, and finally, we are CLOSE o ... the face of the bride.  Now we understand the word ra also understand scared senseless.  Our perfect, unflappab is in a trance of emotional overload where bliss and pani seamlessly blend. The organ's noddling stops.  Kimmy's eyes alerted, like a animal bearing a predator approach her thicket.  Suddenly CHORD.  The Wedding March from Wagner's Lohengrin.  Here. The bride.  And we SNAP TO... FULL ANGLE... Kim and Walter.  This is it.
58) 1) dialog: (whispers) Left foot.
58) 14) text: Walter.  His eyes damp.  Against our expectation.