51) 2) dialog: Firbank just isn’t good..
52) 2) dialog: I wasn't lying. I was making it up.
54) 3) dialog: Uh, “The Decline of Decadence.”
54) 5) dialog: Definitely. Big time. Major, Major decline.
54) 7) dialog: “How” or “in what ways?” Violet shrugs and shakes her head.
54) 9) dialog: Okay, take the flit movement in literature, or homosexuality: It’s gone completely downhill. Right down the tubes. He makes the sound: “Whchht.”
54) 11) dialog: Before, homosexuality was something refined, hidden, sublimated, aspiring to the highest levels of creativity and expression and often 78. achieving them. Now it just seems to be a lot of muscle-bound morons running around in T-shirts. Violet looks a little shocked. FRED (CONT’D) It's pretty disillusioning. Violet pauses in thought for a long moment
54) 13) dialog: Not especially but in another era, it might of had some appeal. Now, I just don’t see the point.
54) 15) dialog: We'll never know. The past is... gone -- so we might as well romanticize it.
54) 17) dialog: I wanted to ask, how’s Lily?
54) 19) dialog: Yeah.
59) 0) text: Close on: feet during a line dance, lots of boots and hea footwear -- just a couple pairs of light “Repetto” slippe amidst all the clomping. A wider view -- Violet, Rose, Heather, Jimbo, Fred amidst more “Western” dancers: Jimbo keen on a reserved Rose, Violet with Fred. Across the roo Lily enters looking sad. From the sidelines she watches t dancers. After a bit, the others notice her, Violet wavin for her to join them. Lily shakes her head and dodges the looks. Finally, Violet breaks away from the line.
60) 6) dialog: We don’t have to talk about this--
60) 12) dialog: You don’t have to talk about this.
60) 17) dialog: Come on.
60) 20) dialog: Man! Do we have to talk about this.
64) 0) text: Violet walks back to the dance floor and rejoins the danc Fred and Lily already seem uncomfortably close.
66) 0) text: The dancing group continues to dance, Violet somewhat isolated. The flirting and closeness between Fred and Lil becomes difficult for her to bear. Violet abruptly leaves line and heads for the door. Fred, seeing her go, stops. 87 89 90 86.
67) 0) text: Violet stalks out and heads at a fast pace towards the university. Fred comes out and catches up to her.
67) 1) dialog: Violet, what’s wrong? She won't say anything and just keeps walking. FRED (CONT’D) Violet, please, stop!
80) 4) dialog: Hey, Violet! Fred falls in with them. FRED (CONT’D) Hi. Where are you going? Violet is a little nervous and tongue-tied.
81) 4) dialog: Really? That’s great. What’s the dance?
81) 6) dialog: Cool. (to Lily) We'll go, right?
84) 0) text: Lily and Fred study and talk at one of the bar’s corner booths. Fred checks his watch.
84) 1) dialog: Aren't we going to be late for Violet’s dance craze?
84) 3) dialog: Yeah.
84) 5) dialog: No. I love dance crazes.
84) 7) dialog: Aren’t we already late?
84) 9) dialog: But are those approaches really so effective? Despite all the medication and therapy, Ed School students are still throwing themselves off Robertson Hall. Violet’s ideas might seem a little off-beat--
84) 11) dialog: It isn’t?
84) 13) dialog: I can’t believe it.
84) 15) dialog: “Emily Tweeter” -- in First Grade I had an enormous crush on a girl with that name.
84) 17) dialog: Yeah. It was pretty huge, Dr. Zhivago stuff. Any idea or even mention of her filled me with emotion. Admittedly I had a very strange perspective on the world then; I don’t think my brain was fully formed or functioning properly -- everything was a bit of a dream. Then a bizarre thing happened. I was torn about whether to shout my passion from the roof tops or keep it secret. Ina sort of compromise I wrote Emily’s name, in crayon, on a scrap of paper, then carefully hid it in my 111. bookcase where no one else could possibly find it. So, my secret was expressed but, ostensibly, safe -- I'd no idea of the weird and inexplicable events that would follow. Lily looks a little worried.
84) 19) dialog: Two years afterwards I was walking up the street a couple of blocks from my house when I spotted a slip of paper lying, face up, on the sidewalk near someone’s trash -- the name “Emily Tweeter” written on it in crayon in my own child-like handwriting. He stares into Lily’s eyes with an expression of total bafflement and candor. FRED (CONT’D) It was completely, utterly weird. How could my secret, so well hidden, come to land on the sidewalk of Henderson Drive? Lily tries to help him.
84) 21) dialog: No. I’ve thought long and hard about it -- there’s no rational explanation. This was my first encounter with the bizarre and inexplicable. When I later learned about the Bermuda Triangle and other such mysterious phenomena, I knew it was probably all true as I'd had this early brush with the uncanny. From a very young age it became clear to me that rationalism cannot explain life’s deepest mysteries.
84) 23) dialog: I have to say I didn’t recognize her. She was very young then. Do you have any idea if Violet might 111 112. have attended Willamette Montessori?
84) 25) dialog: We didn’t order these.
85) 7) dialog: You’ve entirely dropped your adherence to the Cathar faith?
85) 9) dialog: Good. Normally I'd be reluctant to comment on anyone’s religion...
85) 11) dialog: I’m sorry, I guess I’m a bit of a bigot -- I could never take seriously a religion that worships on Tuesdays. All the major religions require worship on the weekend -- Friday, Saturday or Sunday. I find it really laudatory that people should sacrifice their weekend time to Worship God... He checks his watch.
85) 13) dialog: We'd better get to the Lone Star--
85) 15) dialog: It’s not as if international dance crazes start every day.
86) 0) text: Fred, Lily and Xavier hurry down the sidewalk -- semi- Jogging.
86) 1) dialog: We better hurry. They pick up the pace. Lily seems a little less keen on getting to their destination --
87) 1) dialog: What’s wrong? 114 115 114.
89) 0) text: Thor, Jimbo, and the girls huddled inside on a drab day; glance at Fred who speaks on his phone on the Coffee Cottage’s porch -- a drizzle falls outside.
89) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, her name wasn’t “Emily Tweeter” but “Lucy Wurlitzer.” I 115. know they're not very similar: I’m beginning to realize that the human memory is not the foolproof instrument we sometimes imagine. What’s worse it seems everyone knew all about my obsession, including my parents and siblings -- precisely those from whom I most wanted it kept.
89) 5) dialog: Yes. I suppose that’s why secrecy seemed so desirable.
96) 3) dialog: No, there were two in our school musical. I know those.
96) 5) dialog: Absolutely. 122 120.
96) 7) dialog: If I should suddenly start to sing, Or stand on my head or anything, Don't think that I've lost my senses, It's just that my happiness finally commences. Fred takes Violet’s hand and leads her out of the buildin FRED (CONT’D) The long, long ages of dull despair Are turning into thin air And it seems that suddenly I've Become the happiest guy alive--
97) 0) text: Fred and Violet emerge from the drab building into the mo glorious world of a Seven Oaks version movie musical -- Violet joins him in song.