1) 0) text: The four walk across the green, leafy quadrangle formed b the university’s handsome old brick buildings. INSERT TITLE: “The Quadrangle, Seven Oaks University”
7) 0) text: They approach another Georgian brick building. Rose and Heather carry a large box of donuts and “jug 0’ joe.”
14) 0) text: Tall, insufferable RICK DeWOLFE jumps up on a steel desk address the young freshman and sophomore crowd.
14) 1) dialog: Hello, people. Listen up... People! Quiet... Quiet, people... Shut up!... Okay, that's better! Ha, ha. I'm Rick DeWolfe, editor of the Complainer. Over the next weeks and months I’m the person you’1l learn to hate most in the world. At least, I hope so! (laughs) You’re going hate me because I’m going to work you relentlessly, point out your stupidity and incompetence, do everything in my power to turn you into journalists - - albeit barely literate ones. Nervous laughter from the crowd. 24.
14) 4) dialog: Any questions?... No? Stupid titters. Violet rolls her eyes.
14) 6) dialog: Isn't that pretty obvious? The student, embarrassed, shakes his head; nervous titter from the crowd. RICK DE WOLFE (CONT’D) It comes out every day and it’s the university daily-- So, the Daily. Complainer. Daily-- Stupid laughter, from Rick and others.
14) 8) dialog: You mean why the “Complainer?” The name dates from Seven Oak’s earliest days as a divinity school. The reference is to the Book of Job -- Job’s “complaint” with the world. The Complainer started as a theological journal but evolved into the university weekly, finally going daily after World War Two. I like the name -- before justice can be achieved, a complaint must be made. That’s what we do and people don't like it a bit. Right now that means extirpating Seven Oak’s elitist roman-letter clubs that are like a cancer on the university community-—
14) 10) dialog: What?
14) 12) dialog: Of course they are.
14) 16) dialog: No, I don’t.
14) 18) dialog: He was actually Polish.
14) 20) dialog: You should know something about these girls -- they run the “Suicide Center” where their preferred therapy for seriously depressed and suicidal people is +..tap dancing. I kid you not. 25. 26.
14) 22) dialog: It’s moronic and barbaric. You seriously expect tap dancing to solve these people’s problems?
35) 21) dialog: I always knew she was unstable. They're going to have her photo at the registrar.
74) 0) text: Rick strides with his posse.
74) 1) dialog: Finally! It’s about time those cesspools were drained!