2) 0) text: HENRY, adorable, fragile- tooking third grader, sits alon staring straight ahead while other kids TALK and play. THE BEAVER (V.O. What he’s done to the company is just the start. His depression is an ink that stains all who touch him. A black hole that swallows all who get near. A wad of mashed potatoes SPLATS next to Henry. Other kids LAUGH. If Henry notices, he doesn’t show it.
9) 0) text: Meredith waits in SUV gridlock outside the elementary sch She scans the crowd but can’t find Henry. Suddenly, the passenger door opens and, seemingly from nowhere, petite Henry hoists himself in.
9) 1) dialog: You passed me again.
9) 5) dialog: I guess.
9) 7) dialog: New.
9) 9) dialog: (matter of fact) He said I was a ball licker and I told him I wasn’t and he threw me in the dumpster. Meredith is aghast. Henry shows no emotion.
9) 11) dialog: She got me out of the dumpster. demeanor is very quiet, flat. As she starts Meredith suppresses her urge to cry as if she’s been trai calms her voice, and says something that sounds rehearsed Henry nods as if he’s also heard She looks question.
9) 13) dialog: Is Dad gone? it before. A silent beat. at him, trying to measure how he feels about this Henry gives nothing away.
16) 0) text: Meredith, Porter, and Henry eat at the table. The awkward indicates this is not a regular thing. 13.
17) 0) text: Meredith, Henry, and Porter sit with their dinner in thei laps watching The Daily Show. Only Jon Stewart speaks.
21) 0) text: Meredith wheels into the driveway, opens the garage door. As it rises she sees Henry, bent over a workbench surroun by wood, sawdust, and tools. When he sees her, he looks up, beaming. He seems like an entirely different kid. As Meredith gets out he runs toward her.
21) 1) dialog: Mom, mom. You gotta see what we did! Come on! She’s stunned by his excitement. He takes her hand, start pulling.
21) 4) dialog: You put your memory in it. She looks it over, impressed, confused. It strikes her as little nice to have come from her garage. 19.
21) 6) dialog: We made it.
21) 8) dialog: Me and The Beaver.
21) 39) dialog: I can’t find it.
21) 41) dialog: You’re not leaving are you? THE BEAVER ; Don’t worry, I’1l come round this weekend, we'll finish it up.
21) 42) dialog: No, you have to stay for dinner. Mom, let him stay for dinner.
21) 46) dialog: Yeah! Walter joins Henry as Meredith stares, unsure whose transformation to be more shocked by.
23) 0) text: Porter steps in to see Walter using The Beaver to toss a salad, grabbing fistfuls in its jaws with little GROWLS. Henry and Meredith LAUGH at this as they cook.
25) 0) text: Walter, Henry, and Meredith are at the table. As they eat Meredith is clearly still smarting from Porter's words. She focuses on the memory box which sits just in front of plate. As she handles it, she tries to put on a smile aga
25) 4) dialog: He’s a beaver, mom, that’s what they do.
25) 7) dialog: Yeah? Who taught him?
25) 9) dialog: Where was his dad?
27) 2) dialog: You mean grandpa? From the graveyard?
27) 9) dialog: Sweet.
27) 11) dialog: What did he do?
27) 13) dialog: Did he win?
27) 15) dialog: That sucks.
27) 17) dialog: Why?
27) 19) dialog: Dad, can we make a turd?
27) 21) dialog: Let’s do it tomorrow. INT. HENRY’S ROOM Walter tucks Henry in. He kisses him on each cheek, one w his lips, one with The Beaver’s.
27) 22) dialog: Good night, Beaver.
45) 0) text: Henry and the other kids are all working on various wood projects.
48) 0) text: Henry, Meredith, and Walter eat at the table. They’re smiling, laughing.
58) 0) text: Henry works hard as the other kids play.
59) 0) text: Henry continues working hard, now all alone.
67) 0) text: Meredith opens the door to the garage revealing Henry, working away on a project. She shakes her head.
69) 0) text: Walter comes out in his pajamas, walks over to Henry, loo over his shoulder. Henry looks up at Walter and The Beave
69) 1) dialog: You couldn’t sleep either?
69) 3) dialog: I just had this idea. It’s gonna be really great.
69) 5) dialog: dust ten more minutes, please. Just let me finish this last set of cuts. The Beaver considers this.
69) 7) dialog: Agreed. 49. Walter starts to go.
69) 8) dialog: Will you stay? I like working with you around. Walter stops.
69) 10) dialog: Will you talk to me? I like it when you talk.
69) 12) dialog: Doesn’t matter. Just talk. Walter continues to work away. THE BEAVER, ; Very well. You’re quite easily entertained, aren’t you? Suddenly Walter freezes. He looks at Henry - There might well be a giant light bulb over Walter's head. Walter turns back to his block of wood with a feverish energy. A beat.
69) 13) dialog: You’re not talking.
85) 0) text: Meredith waits outside the school. Henry opens his door leaps in. But when the back doors open Meredith stops the other kids cold.
86) 0) text: Henry is working. Meredith opens the door. A moment as sh considers things.
86) 2) dialog: But, mom, I just got started.
95) 0) text: Henry is loading pieces of wood into the back of the subu when his mother comes out with bags. She looks at him. He looks at her. She can’t bear to tell him no. Porter comes out, tosses his things in. Without a word he gets in the passenger seat, puts on his belt. He’s ready. As Meredith and Henry are finishing up Walter steps into garage. He stands by the door. Henry rushes over to him.
95) 1) dialog: Why aren’t you coming with us?
95) 3) dialog: But I want to stay with you. Walter and Meredith exchange glances. These words clearly break her heart.
95) 6) dialog: I love you, Dad. This hits Walter someplace deep. He’s moved to the verge tears himself. He has to swallow hard to get words out, a when he does, the accent is shaky. Still, it’s The Beaver does the talking. 74.
128) 8) dialog: Are we going? A beat. She decides Porter is a lost cause.
132) 0) text: Walter sits across the table from Meredith and Henry. Hen passes across a gift bag. Walter looks at it, surprised. He opens it up. He pulls o small hand-carved replica of a brain.
132) 1) dialog: Mom says yours got broken. Walter LAUGHS.
132) 3) dialog: So, are you crazy? Meredith begins to protest, but Walter’s up to it.
132) 5) dialog: Does that mean you can come home? He and Meredith share a glance.
133) 0) text: Henry and Walter hug goodbye. Meredith and Walter follow suit. He’s escorted through a door, waves goodbye. As Meredith and Henry walk away a Doctor falls into step.
143) 0) text: Henry is happily back at work, surrounded by lumber if no people
147) 0) text: Porter gets into the back seat, closes the door. He’s emotional, unsure what he’s feeling. NEW ANGLE reveals Henry sitting beside him, whittling qui on a piece of wood. Finally...
147) 1) dialog: Are they coming?
148) 0) text: The front door opens. Meredith and Walter come out togeth Walter takes a moment to look around, and then out of now Henry comes streaking across the grounds, wraps himself around Walter’s leg. He hoists the boy onto his shoulders. They walk on.
152) 0) text: Porter sits outside, alone. Thinking. Waiting. Watching. VERY SLOWLY PULL BACK to reveal he’s sitting on a fully loaded backpack. Suddenly, a huge smile spreads across his face as he spot what he’s looking for. 109. NEW ANGLE as Norah pulls up in her loaded car. She presse button. The trunk opens. NEW ANGLE as Porter throws his bag in the trunk. NEW ANGLE as Porter hugs his family. — WALTER (V.0.) This is a picture of Walter Black. Henry gives Porter a wooden compass. He pats his younger brother on the head.