5) 0) text: MEREDITH, late 30’s with late 20’s looks, WEEPS among wom who practically have Soccer Mom tattooed on their forehea
5) 1) text: Meredith, his wife, has clung to hope that he’1l one day wake up, snap out of it. She reaches into her purse for a tissue, but ends up with another of Porter’s bachelor photos. She puts it back, ta a napkin from one of the ladies.
9) 0) text: Meredith waits in SUV gridlock outside the elementary sch She scans the crowd but can’t find Henry. Suddenly, the passenger door opens and, seemingly from nowhere, petite Henry hoists himself in.
9) 2) dialog: I was looking. Henry shrugs. His to drive.
9) 3) dialog: How was your day? Another shrug.
9) 4) dialog: Did you talk to anyone?
9) 6) dialog: New person or old person?
9) 8) dialog: Good. What did you talk about?
9) 10) dialog: What! Did you tell your teacher?
9) 12) dialog: This is why the doctor wants you_to focus on coming out of your shell. When you spend so much time alone, the other kids see you as a target.
9) 14) dialog: He’s not gone dear. We just agreed that it’s better for us all if we don't live together anymore. §eeat) How does that make you feel? 10. Henry shrugs.
16) 0) text: Meredith, Porter, and Henry eat at the table. The awkward indicates this is not a regular thing. 13.
16) 2) dialog: I don’t know. How about until we start treating one another with some respect? And asking each other about our day. And you two start Saying yes ma’am and no ma’am. And helping with the dishes. And-
17) 0) text: Meredith, Henry, and Porter sit with their dinner in thei laps watching The Daily Show. Only Jon Stewart speaks.
20) 0) text: Meredith scans the elementary kids again. She reaches the TEACHER at the end of the line. She rolls down her window 18.
20) 1) dialog: I’m sorry. He just blends in. I must have missed him again.
20) 3) dialog: Walter?
20) 5) dialog: You're sure it was Walter? Someone HONKS. The teacher moves on. Meredith checks her phone. Sure enough, there’s a text.
21) 0) text: Meredith wheels into the driveway, opens the garage door. As it rises she sees Henry, bent over a workbench surroun by wood, sawdust, and tools. When he sees her, he looks up, beaming. He seems like an entirely different kid. As Meredith gets out he runs toward her.
21) 2) dialog: Okay, okay. As he’s dragging her toward the workbench...
21) 3) dialog: Where is your father? Henry doesn’t hear her. Instead, he picks up a simple, bu impressive, wooden box. He hands it to her.
21) 5) dialog: Where did this come from?
21) 7) dialog: You and your dad?
21) 9) dialog: The beaver? Just then, Walter steps from the house into the garage, a smile as rare and bright as Henry’s on his face. He seems genuinely excited to see her. But before he speaks, Walter raises his left hand reveali the beaver puppet. The Beaver does the talking.
21) 12) dialog: (reading) Hello. The person who handed you this card is under the care ofa prescription puppet designed to" looking up at Walter) Walter, what the hell is going on? Walter and Henry begin sanding by hand.
21) 14) dialog: I mean, what... She moves closer to Walter, lowers her voice.
21) 15) dialog: What are you doing here? We agreed.
21) 17) dialog: Walter. Seriously. Walter and The Beaver look at one another. The Beaver tur to Henry.
21) 20) dialog: Yes, but-
21) 23) dialog: Is this some kind of joke?
21) 25) dialog: Will you stop with the puppet! Walter looks at The Beaver. The Beaver nods. Walter takes breath, lowers the puppet. His voice is much closer to th tired monotone we heard earlier.
21) 27) dialog: No, Walter. I’m very confused.
21) 29) dialog: Who says? A long beat as Walter thinks about this one. He looks to Beaver for guidance. Finally...
21) 31) dialog: Dr. Macy? I thought you quit seeing him.
21) 33) dialog: So this is some kind of... program? Walter raises The Beaver again.
21) 37) dialog: And he really thinks this will work? Walter slides The Beaver back into her eye line.
21) 44) dialog: It's okay. You... it’s okay. For dinner. Henry CHEERS. Meredith is still stunned by his demeanor. Walter turns to her. He looks like he wants to say someth but can’t. He just nods, then turns The Beaver to Henry.
23) 0) text: Porter steps in to see Walter using The Beaver to toss a salad, grabbing fistfuls in its jaws with little GROWLS. Henry and Meredith LAUGH at this as they cook.
23) 10) dialog: Porter- But he’s already walked out.
25) 0) text: Walter, Henry, and Meredith are at the table. As they eat Meredith is clearly still smarting from Porter's words. She focuses on the memory box which sits just in front of plate. As she handles it, she tries to put on a smile aga
25) 1) dialog: I can’t believe you guys made this. You never, I mean Walter never... I’m sorry I’m not clear on how I’m supposed to... address you.
25) 3) dialog: I mean, the tools were always on your Christmas lists, but rT just assumed it was a_hobby you’d never actually start. I had no idea you knew how to... She indicates the box.
27) 0) text: Meredith gives Walter a look. Walter absent 1 drags lines through his food with his for he thinks. ie hear a faint WHISTLE in his breaths like th sound Porter <aisciplined himself for making earlier. Finally...
28) 0) text: Walter joins Meredith. They move down to Porter’s doorway
28) 1) dialog: Porter, your dad’s leaving. You want to say goodbye? Porter gets up from his desk, walks toward the doorway li he might say something. Instead, he SLAMS the door in the faces. Loud MUSIC quickly follows from within. Meredith moves to reopen it, but Walter grabs her arm.
28) 3) dialog: Do you have far to go? I mean, you can stay on the couch if you need to.
28) 5) dialog: You’re supposed to go to work like this?
35) 0) text: A wide shot shows rows of cubes. No one’s here yet. There small card in the center of each desk. CLOSE ON a single desk. The card is the same therapeutic caution card Walter gave to Meredith and Porter. NEW ANGLE inside of a pair of cubes, the card in the cent of the desks. NEW ANGLE inside of an office. The same situation. NEW ANGLE as EMPLOYEES begin to stream in. A couple get t their desks. They pick up the card. They look at one anot
44) 0) text: Meredith pulls up outside the school. This time when Henr opens the front door, several other KIDS open the rear do They all get in together, TALKING, LAUGHING. 42.
48) 0) text: Henry, Meredith, and Walter eat at the table. They’re smiling, laughing.
53) 0) text: Walter and Meredith are drinking wine by candlelight.
54) 0) text: Walter and Meredith are Kissing - The Beaver undoes the buttons on her blouse. She looks nervous.
55) 0) text: Meredith lays in bed looking toward the bathroom. NEW ANGLE shows Walter’s silhouette in the shower. He soa his own head, then the Beaver’s, as we’ve seen before.
57) 0) text: Meredith opens the door revealing PARENTS of one of the k They start to come in, but she steps in front of them, closing the door a fraction. She holds up a finger.
62) 0) text: Meredith looks at a long list of various types of wood.
63) 0) text: Walter lays in bed, face down. Meredith rolls over, blink awake. She finds herself staring into the large, wide ope plastic eyes of The Beaver.
64) 0) text: Meredith is surrounded by the Soccer Moms.
64) 1) dialog: Have any of you ever tried... role playing?
64) 6) dialog: Well... actually, Walter and I have been... working on things. The other ladies look surprised. Ann looks disappointed.
64) 8) dialog: Well, Henry’s doing great. Mostly. And Porter, I don’t know. He’s a teenager. The other ladies nod in understanding.
64) 10) dialog: Well, mostly Walter.
64) 12) dialog: Well... yeah. I mean, that’s good, but it’s not really about that. I don’t know. This intrigues the others, but Ann cuts them off.
65) 0) text: Meredith is lying next to Walter, The Beaver on the pillo between them.
65) 1) dialog: Did you talk to Dr. Macy today?
65) 3) dialog: That’s great. Did he give you any sort of, you know, like a timeline? For when the treatment might be over? Walter rolls away toward his night stand and grabs a smal eye shield. He places it over The Beaver’s eyes.
65) 5) dialog: But do you think, like a week? A month? He flips out the light. In the dark.
66) 0) text: Meredith wakes with a start. She hears soft BANGING. She out of bed.
67) 0) text: Meredith opens the door to the garage revealing Henry, working away on a project. She shakes her head.
68) 0) text: Meredith returns, flips on the light.
68) 1) dialog: Walter. Walter, wake up. Walter rouses, pulling the mask off The Beaver’s eyes. 48.
68) 3) dialog: You need to talk to Henry. He's down in the garage again.
68) 5) dialog: I’ve told him, Walter. I tell him everyday. He pays no attention to me. He needs to hear it from, you know... (indicating The Beaver) you.
70) 0) text: Walter comes racing into the room, heads straight for the closet. Meredith sits up in bed.
70) 1) dialog: Did you talk to him? Walter comes out of the closet in the midst of changing i a suit. He heads into the bathroom.
70) 2) dialog: Walter? 50.
70) 4) dialog: What are you doing? Walter comes out, mostly dressed, a tie loosely slung aro his neck. He wrestles into some Shoes.
70) 6) dialog: Now?
75) 3) dialog: You look pretty good yourself. 57.
75) 5) dialog: Walter, come on. I mean, it’s our 20th anniversary.
75) 7) dialog: No, I mean, maybe this would be a good time to try. you_know, ringing the other Walter back.
75) 9) dialog: I do not want to celebrate 20 years of marriage with a puppet. I’m sorry, I've been very patient, very supportive. Is it so much to ask that you give me one night? Walter considers this. He SIGHS.
76) 0) text: Walter and Meredith step in. We see that he still has The Beaver on his hand, but its not dressed, and not held up. When the hostess looks up at bam, Walter looks nervous, unsure. Then, with his own voice.
81) 0) text: Walter and Meredith are eating. It’s silent. Awkward. Wal keeps The Beaver in his lap. He looks nervous. The WAITER steps over.
81) 2) dialog: Excellent. Thanks. (beat) You know, now might be a good time for the...
81) 4) dialog: I was listening to the radio. Apparently it’s supposed to_be really hot this weekend. Well, not really hot, but hot. Above average. 64. Walter nods. They’ve been reduced to talking about the weather.
81) 5) dialog: How’s work? Are you making the schedule?
81) 7) dialog: Thank you. She pushes it across to Walter.
81) 8) dialog: Go ahead. He reaches out to unwrap it, using his free hand and The Beaver. Inside is a memory box, similar to the first one saw, but significantly more ornate.
81) 10) dialog: Henry helped me. Which means, I bought the wood and Henry made it. (beat Look ‘inside. He opens the box. It’s full of old photos. ANGLE ON the photos. They’re all shots Walter and Meredit younger, happier times.
81) 11) dialog: I was tooking through some things. I just thought... it’s important to remind ourselves, you know, how it was. How it should be. He flips through. Shots of them smiling, laughing, holdin babies. Shots of them in Halloween costumes, at Christmas parties, on vacation. Him with her on his shoulders. As he looks, Walter starts to tear up and CRY. For a mome it’s just a quiet sentimental WEEP. But it quickly expand into a more hiccupy-breakdown-SOB. Other diners stare. 65.
81) 12) dialog: Walter. Walter, it’s okay. Hon, look at me. Walter. But he’s inconsolable. He just keeps staring at the last photo, her on his shoulders, both of them laughing. He’s worked up a solid cry now. Everyone is staring. Suddenly... He raises The Beaver. Just the act of doing so helps him choke back the tears. He lets it take over.
81) 15) dialog: What does that mean? Her cell phone is RINGING on the table.
81) 17) dialog: Porter?
85) 0) text: Meredith waits outside the school. Henry opens his door leaps in. But when the back doors open Meredith stops the other kids cold.
85) 1) dialog: Sorry guys. Not today. Not this week. They stop mid entry, back out, close the doors, She looks Henry. He doesn’t seem to have noticed any of it.
86) 0) text: Henry is working. Meredith opens the door. A moment as sh considers things.
86) 1) dialog: That’s enough for today.
86) 3) dialog: No more. He thinks about protesting, but gives up. He puts his stu down, walks inside. The way he moves, quiet, uncaring, he’s instantly back to being the old Henry. Meredith looks distraught.
87) 0) text: Meredith is on the phone. 68.
87) 1) dialog: Dr. Macy? It’s Meredith Black.
89) 0) text: Walter enters from the garage. Meredith is waiting at the table. His original card is the only thing in front of he
89) 3) dialog: I talked to Dr. Macy, Walter.
89) 5) dialog: Walter, he says you haven't been there in almost a year.
89) 7) dialog: What is this? What are you doing? Walter says nothing.
89) 8) dialog: Dr. Macy says you’‘re sick, Walter. Very sick. He said that this sounds like some kind of mania. He says-—
89) 10) dialog: So what are you saying, Walter, you just want to live like this orever? Walking around with a beaver puppet on your hand?
89) 12) dialog: Walter, you need help. 1 hel ve Tp Eve bod: Help, help, help. Everybo wants him to gee help® See the ex ert. Read the book. Take the pill. Well, Walter finally helped himself. You understand? That’s what I’m here for. He doesn’t need anyone else.
89) 13) dialog: Walter, listen to yourself! This is insane! You’re talking about a fucking puppet!
89) 15) dialog: Who is ‘we’ Walter? Off his look...
91) 0) text: Walter steps in. Meredith is sitting on the bed. She look up.
93) 0) text: MEREDITH PACKS clothes into a suitcase. When she moves th suitcase she sees the memory box. She looks at it for a moment. Then she drops it in the tr
95) 0) text: Henry is loading pieces of wood into the back of the subu when his mother comes out with bags. She looks at him. He looks at her. She can’t bear to tell him no. Porter comes out, tosses his things in. Without a word he gets in the passenger seat, puts on his belt. He’s ready. As Meredith and Henry are finishing up Walter steps into garage. He stands by the door. Henry rushes over to him.
95) 5) dialog: Henry. It’s time to go. He turns and walks to the car, the same distant, emotionl walk he’s shown us before. Meredith gets in. Henry climbs She starts the car. Then, just as she’s about to back out, Henry leaps out, r to Walter. He throws himself around him, tears streaking his face.
97) 0) text: Walter stares at the memory box in the trash, the picture spilling out. He can see the top of the one with Meredith his shoulders.
110) 0) text: Meredith’s group of women are meeting. Meredith sees a ma reading the paper. ANGLE ON the paper. A headline reads: ECCENTRIC CEO INKS DEAL. THE BEAVER (V.O. So while Walter is signing a deal to write exactly the kind of book he’d once thrown away. Meredith looks away and finds herself staring at the bags under ANN’s chair. She freezes. ANGLE ON the bag to reveal a small plush puppet sticking ANN sees Meredith looking and slyly scoots the bag furthe under her chair.
120) 0) text: Walter wakes, still in the same clothes. He looks over at Beaver who is on the pillow next to him, eyes covered wit the eye mask. Walter carefully turns to his night stand and with his fr hand he grabs his cell phone. He scrolls to Meredith, dia He puts the phone to his ear, waits. Then...
120) 1) dialog: (filter, groggy) Hello. A long beat.
120) 3) dialog: Walter? What’s going on?
120) 7) dialog: Walter? Walter, talk to me. 90.
120) 9) dialog: Walter please-
128) 2) dialog: Come on. Get up. He doesn’t budge.
128) 3) dialog: You don’t have to go in if don’t want to, but I’m not eaving you here to sleep all day. 95. She walks over, starts to physically pull him up. He rema imp.
128) 5) dialog: Porter, please. A long beat. He slowly gets to his feet. He raises his ar as if to say, happy?
128) 6) dialog: Good. Get some shoes on.
128) 9) dialog: Yeah. Henry takes off toward the garage. Meredith looks at Port one more time.
128) 10) dialog: Do something. Go outside. Take a walk. See that girl. Steal _a car. I don’t care. Just get out of the house, okay? He nods. She heads for the garage. Porter stands still as we hear the Suburban rumble away. he heads for the stairs.
132) 0) text: Walter sits across the table from Meredith and Henry. Hen passes across a gift bag. Walter looks at it, surprised. He opens it up. He pulls o small hand-carved replica of a brain.
132) 7) dialog: They... said you’re doing well.
132) 10) dialog: He won’t do anything. I’m trying to et him to take community college or a year, but he won’t even talk about it. He just lays there. Walter nods, considering this deeply.
132) 11) dialog: He’s got to do something. We can’t go a year like this.
132) 13) dialog: He’s just... he’1l come around. Walter nods. A long silence. Walter begins to run his han over the contours of the brain. They all find themselves staring at it.
133) 0) text: Henry and Walter hug goodbye. Meredith and Walter follow suit. He’s escorted through a door, waves goodbye. As Meredith and Henry walk away a Doctor falls into step.
133) 4) dialog: Henry. Here. Go wait in the car. I‘1ll just be another minute. Henry looks at her, takes the keys, walks out. Meredith turns back to the doctor.
133) 6) dialog: Doctor, I’m... I don’t think we’re ready for that. The doctor nods, takes this in.
133) 8) dialog: How long will you keep him?
133) 10) dialog: That's fine. We’ll work on figuring out what to do with him after that. A beat as he grasps the situation. He hands her some pape
134) 0) text: Walter is seated on a couch with other patients facing a but Walter's eyes are on the window. 99. ANGLE ON the window where he can see Meredith getting int the suburban. She backs up, drives on. ANGLE ON Walter as he raises his prosthetic hand, regards FADE TO BLACK.
135) 0) text: Meredith opens the door to reveal Norah. They look at one another.
136) 0) text: Meredith KNOCKS on Porter's door. No response. She tries handle. It’s locked.
136) 1) dialog: Porter? Porter are you up? Your friend is here. Norah. A long beat. Then suddenly the sound of his radio BLARING Meredith turns to Norah. Norah smiles. She understands.
138) 0) text: Meredith and Norah are walking away when suddenly the mus stops. Norah and Meredith pause, look back. Porter's door opens. He sticks his head out. A long beat as Norah and Porter look at one another. Then without a word, she turns and heads back towards his room Meredith watches, satisfied, then heads downstairs. 100.
141) 0) text: We see Meredith and Walter visiting together. It’s tender quiet. They hold hands.
142) 0) text: Meredith stands talking to the doctor at the door again. Again she leaves alone.
148) 0) text: The front door opens. Meredith and Walter come out togeth Walter takes a moment to look around, and then out of now Henry comes streaking across the grounds, wraps himself around Walter’s leg. He hoists the boy onto his shoulders. They walk on.