8) 0) text: Norah glides in beside him.
8) 1) dialog: Hey. Porter’s look says they don’t normally talk. He keeps mov
8) 5) dialog: Well, I’m... sorry.
8) 9) dialog: Who?
8) 11) dialog: Hey! Will you hold on for a second? Porter grudgingly stops.
8) 12) dialog: No one sent me. I really need help.
8) 14) dialog: It’s not a paper. (quiet) It's... my graduation speech.
8) 16) dialog: Yeah, well, my parents will be paying attention, so... I hear, not that_I’m saying you write other eople’s papers, but if you did, I ear you really make yourself sound like them. Get? in their heads. That’s what I need. Porter considers this. A long beat.
8) 18) dialog: I have this now and I can get you more by tomorrow. Porter looks at the paper.
8) 20) dialog: You really copy off me in calculus? Without looking back...
19) 0) text: Porter is in the stands reading GENETIC PSYCHOLOGY TODAY Norah is practicing with the cheerleaders on the floor. The COACH calls a break. Norah splits from the others, gr her bags and moves up to where Porter is. He closes the magazine. She looks at it.
19) 1) dialog: (reading) Genetic Psychology Today? 16. He puts the magazine into his bag.
19) 3) dialog: You don’t need it anymore? I brought others-—
19) 5) dialog: What? Why? He starts speak, but stops suddenly. He hears something. faint WHISTLE each time he exhales. He mashes at his nose until it goes away, then SNAPS the rubber band on his wrist and continues.
19) 7) dialog: Wait a minute.
19) 10) dialog: Hold on! 17. She SLAMS her bag on the ground, starts pulling out paper She slaps them on the ground.
19) 11) dialog: (angry) Does that look lazy to you? Porter stops. Turns. She keeps pulling more, stacking the
19) 12) dialog: I write 10 page papers in an hour and half for easy A’s. The stack keeps growing, heading for War and Peace territ
19) 13) dialog: Do you have any idea how many times I've tried to write this stupid thing? She throws a last set on top.
19) 14) dialog: That’s 428 pages of lazy. That’s six months of lazy. That’s 63 different opening jokes, famous uotes, and follow your rainbow inspirational bullshit of lazy! The whole Squad is watching from the floor. Porter is cle uncomfortable.
19) 15) dialog: (starting to tear up) I’ve worked harder and longer on this stupid pointless speech with less to show for it than anythin I’ve ever done in my life. And i ou don’t want to take my money ecause of some insecuri’ based bullshit, then fine. But Son’t you dare call me fucking lazy. She hurls her bag at his feet and heads down the stairs, returning to the wide eyed squad. As she goes...
19) 16) dialog: Asshole. Porter looks stunned, embarrassed. He eyes the stack of papers by his feet. The faint WHISTLE in his breathing returns.
22) 0) text: Porter enters, reading from the giant stack of papers tha Norah threw in front of him. He stops. He hears LAUGHTER.
29) 0) text: Porter is walking around on his cell, Norah’s pages in ha
29) 1) dialog: (filter) Hello.
29) 3) dialog: Are you going to help me or not?
29) 5) dialog: Fine. Come by after school tomorrow.
38) 2) dialog: So, what do you need to know? 34.
38) 5) dialog: You think you’ve got me all figured out, don’t you?
38) 7) dialog: What I’m trying to say is that good grades haven't suddenly given me this brilliant insight into what everyone should do with their lives. If anything it’s the opposite. I mean, when they were expelling me from junior high no one was asking for my advice, but get a few A’s and now I’m supposed to have all the answers?
38) 9) dialog: That surprises you?
38) 11) dialog: How about graffiti? 35.
38) 13) dialog: More of an unauthorized mural. I was going through an ‘angry rebel artist’ phase.
38) 15) dialog: Yeah, well, it’s in my file. So, see, you don’t know everything.
38) 17) dialog: I don’t know. It was a long time ago. Why?
38) 20) dialog: How about if you just agree to stop being an ass?
39) 0) text: Norah and Porter stand at the bedroom door next to her ow In addition to the knob, there’s a padlocked latch. She dials in the combination. CLICK. As she opens the doo
39) 1) dialog: We have to be quick. Porter suddenly isn’t sure what he’s getting into. INT. NORAH'S BROTHER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS They step in to find a bedroom eerily similar to Norah’s Trophies, awards, ribbons, plaques. They aren’t carbon copies, but there’s a strong feeling of deja vu. Porter takes this in, confused.
39) 3) dialog: Used to be my brother’s. She motions toward the one thing that makes this room distinctly different from hers: a painting on the far wal
39) 4) dialog: Well, there you go. Porter looks it over. It’s not bad. Kind of frenzied. Impressionistic. Interesting.
39) 6) dialog: Yes, yes, it’s very funny. So now you've seen it. Let’s go.
39) 8) dialog: Well... thanks. He goes back to looking at the painting. A beat, then she goes to the closet, opens it.
39) 9) dialog: Actually, I never understood why he hung that one. 37. She pulls out several canvases, settles on one. She holds up.
39) 10) dialog: This was always my favorite. Porter steps over. The style is similar, but it’s brighte more aggressive.
39) 13) dialog: I didn’t. I mean, I wasn’t serious about it or anything. It was just a phase. You know, my brother was Mr. All American so I went out of my way to be all artsy and rebellious. It was stupid. She starts to put the paintings away.
39) 15) dialog: I don’t. I didn’t keep any o these. I threw them out, The whole thing was just to be weird and piss off my parents . Brian, he’s the one who pulled them out of the trash.
39) 17) dialog: I don’t know about that. I mean, he was always encouraging me, telling me how w great I_was, how talented I was, it felt like a big mind game, you know? Like he’d read some psycho ogy book that told him that he pretended to like them I'd give it up. She walks back to the painting on the wall. 38.
39) 18) dialog: See, my parents, they were always trying to get me to quit, especially after I started painting walls instead of canvases, and Brian, he was always so concerned about them, telling me how my getting into trouble was tearing them up and stuff. So I always figured this was just his hyper gmart way of trying to get me in ine. Porter hesitates.
39) 20) dialog: I_ got the idea from this magazine. Floor murals. It was sort of my way of making him admit that he didn’t really like my stuff, that he was just_trying to manipulate me. It was like, you like my shit, well, here you go... She indicates the floor. Porter nods, but his face says h doesn’t quite get it.
39) 21) dialog: I was grounded, everybody was gone. And then he came home. Caught me. He didn’t really get mad. He just looked at it for a long time and then he walked out. So I’m following him screaming, ‘Don’t you like it? Aren’t I talented? Aren’t I great?’ But he won’t say anything. He just goes straight to his car, this is like 10 o'clock at night, and as he’s backing out he smiles and shakes his head and then, really calmly, he says ‘Don’t worry - We'll get it up before they get home.’ A long beat as she stares at the beginnings of the painti mesmerized. When she speaks, her voice is on the edge of cracking. 39.
39) 22) dialog: The weird thing was, there was no rain, no ice, no drunk driver. I mean, the car didn’t even look that bad. It looked like something you could have walked away from. A beat, then she pushes the desk back into the corner.
39) 24) dialog: When we went to get his car there was all this floor fixing stuff in the back. Strippers, sanders, varnish. I remember my parents and I, we all stared at it, and I kept waiting for them to say something, to ask me something. I wanted them to. But they didn’t. They didn’t say a word. And then the next time I came in here - (she pats the desk) - this had been pushed into the corner. I mean, it’s not like they couldn’t figure out what happened. I guess they just felt like words weren’t going to change it. Porter starts to say something when suddenly NORAH’S MOTH appears in the doorway. NORAH’S MOM What are you doing in here? She sounds more hurt than angry. Norah doesn’t miss a bea When she answers the emotional waver is replaced with upb confidence.
39) 25) dialog: I was just showing Porter some of Brian’sS awards. He’s on the math team with me. Norah’s mom steps in. NORAH’S MOM Oh. Did you know Brian?
39) 28) dialog: Well, we've got some studying to oO. 40. Norah pushes Porter towards the door. Her mom doesn’t say anything. At the door Norah looks back. Her mom is still just staring at the desk, transfixed. Norah turns to Porter.
39) 29) dialog: quiet) You should go. I’m sorry. Do you have enough to work with?
39) 31) dialog: (brightly) Hey mom, do you know where that olarship xotice is? They wanted a picture and bio, but I don’t have the address. As Porter exits, Norah’s mom finally looks up, nods.
46) 0) text: Porter reads Norah’s papers. He thinks. Starts writing.
73) 16) dialog: Hey. 55.
73) 18) dialog: He just told me not to miss anymore workouts. He thinks you’re a bad influence.
73) 20) dialog: Don’t worry about it. I wanted to.
73) 22) dialog: Are you about to ask me out?
73) 24) dialog: And if it seemed like I was into it?
73) 26) dialog: Have you been planning something elaborate?
73) 28) dialog: You can pick me up at 7. I have to be home ¥ 12. And I do want to see what you have of the speech.
73) 30) dialog: We'll see. INT. WALTER’S BATHROOM/ PORTER’S BATHROOM - INTERCUT QUICK CUTS of Walter and Porter getting ready. THEY BOTH carefully comb their hair. PORTER SELECTS from several T shirts. WALTER BUTTONS a very nice shirt. PORTER PULLS on jeans. WALTER SLIDES into very nice pants. PORTER CHECKS his face in the mirror, smiles.
77) 0) text: Porter is driving as Norah reads some pages. 58.
77) 1) dialog: This is amazing. Really. My parents are going to flip. beat) I don’t deserve credit for something like this. I’m just gonna tell people you wrote it.
77) 3) dialog: You know, if I was leaving the west coast for Rhode Island I don’t think I’d be in such a hurry.
77) 5) dialog: What do they...beat you?
77) 7) dialog: What?
77) 10) dialog: Well, look, I appreciate your confidence, but usually if you’re going to ‘park’ with a girl, you want to find a view with more stars and less homeless. He twists the rear view mirror so that she can see behind them. It’s the side of an abandoned hospital building. 59.
77) 11) dialog: Mmmm. Still not doing it for me.
78) 0) text: Norah beside him, Porter opens the trunk revealing a nest various spray and regular paints.
78) 4) dialog: Porter, this is sweet and all, but, really, I told you, I wasn’t really into any of this, it was just a stupid thing I did to get attention.
78) 6) dialog: (almost daring him to finish) Just because? 60.
78) 8) dialog: So this was your elaborate plan? To take me out to vandalize a building that’s empty because it causes cancer?
78) 10) dialog: And what did you think we would paint? Norah Porter 4ever?
79) 1) dialog: You know, I don’t need you to like, fix me, okay?
79) 3) dialog: I think you’d rather I forget this.
79) 5) dialog: Porter, your best shot is to be yourself
79) 7) dialog: I mean, it was a nice thought, I ess, but it’s... too much. You now? Just stop trying so hard. You’re already in. Porter looks up, then over at her. A beat as he digests t
79) 9) dialog: (reading his mind) Yes. This is where you kiss me. He nods slightly, moves in, kisses her. They wrap their a around one another. He begins to rub her back. As he does, his right hand drifts up towards her hair, an then, slowly, unconsciously, he begins to spin a lock of around his index finger. Suddenly, his eyes pop wide open and he jerks away as if been shocked.
79) 10) dialog: What? What?
79) 12) dialog: What did you do?
79) 15) dialog: Porter? Porter, you’re kinda freaking me out. Porter puts his head in his hands.
79) 17) dialog: What are you talking about? He looks like he wants to explain, but can’t find the wor 62. Norah is totally lost. Her face says she’s decided this w all a big mistake. She’s about to Say so when her phone rings. She looks at it, picks it up.
79) 18) dialog: (bright ) Hey mom. Disgusted with himself, Porter gets out of the car, walks away. Norah makes a motion like ‘where are you going’ but he’s gone. She stays on the phone.
79) 19) dialog: No, we're still studying. Just getting back to the library. Um, okay. I guess. Actually, we might ack early. Yeah. We don’t have as much to go over as I thought. Okay. Yeah, I’11 call you. Love you. Bye. Norah hangs up. She SIGHS. She takes a long beat deciding what she wants to do next.
80) 0) text: Norah opens her door gets out. When she turns she sees Po standing by the side of the building. In Robin’s Egg he’s written:
80) 2) dialog: I know you're new at this, but you usually want to avoid using your full name. A beat.
80) 4) dialog: What was that back there? Porter shakes his head. He looks at the rubber band on hi wrist. Toys with it.
80) 7) dialog: Yes. She takes the spray can out of his hand.
80) 8) dialog: So far. She walks up and starts to paint out his name.
80) 9) dialog: We're going to cover this up, and then you" re going to buy me something to eat in part of town where no one was murdered this week and then I’1l get back to you. Deal? Porter is about to answer when suddenly a spotlight hits them. They turn to see a police car idling in the street. A lon beat, then... The police car flips on its red and blue lights.
82) 0) text: Porter and Norah sit in chairs against a wall. She’s CRYI He tries to console her. She jerks away. NEW ANGLE reveals NORAH’S MOM AND DAD marching up to them They stare down at Norah NORAH’S DAD I don’t even know what to say. I'd hoped we were past this sort of thing. He doesn’t sound upset, but numb. But, for Norah, this is worse. A long beat.
88) 6) dialog: (cold) Hey. Porter reaches into his bag.
88) 9) dialog: I don’t actually have any cash on me, but if you can wait until tomorrow... He looks insulted, confused. 69.
88) 11) dialog: Yes. That’s fine. Don’t worry about it.
88) 13) dialog: (still flat) We're fine.
88) 15) dialog: Look, we’re just on very different paths, okay? In a couple months we'll be on opposite sides of the country anyway, so let’s just stop now while it’s easy.
88) 17) dialog: No, Porter, you know what was hard? Seeing my parents faces like that. Going back to that house. Bring all that stuff back up, and for what?
88) 19) dialog: I have to go. She sees some other squad girls and joins up with them, blends in, disappears.
102) 0) text: Porter slides next to Norah as she’s selecting food.
102) 2) dialog: Now’s not a good time. 81.
102) 4) dialog: Maybe you should take that as a hint. As she walks away towards the registers... She stops. She heads
102) 7) dialog: That’s what you wanted to tell me?
102) 9) dialog: So we’re going to the same school. Big deal.
102) 12) dialog: You don’t have a fucking clue what you're talking about.
102) 14) dialog: Where did you get this idea that I’m not doing what I want?
102) 16) dialog: It's called growing up. You should try it. She takes her food, walks away. He falls right into step.
102) 18) dialog: You want to hear from the real me? Fuck off. She walks away and is immediately embraced by the squad. Porter just sits there until people lose interest, move o He SNAPS the rubber band on his wrist. 83.
135) 0) text: Meredith opens the door to reveal Norah. They look at one another.
138) 0) text: Meredith and Norah are walking away when suddenly the mus stops. Norah and Meredith pause, look back. Porter's door opens. He sticks his head out. A long beat as Norah and Porter look at one another. Then without a word, she turns and heads back towards his room Meredith watches, satisfied, then heads downstairs. 100.
139) 0) text: Porter sits on his bed. Norah sits across. There’s a bit breeze outside, and even though the poster is once again the hole in the wall, it RATTLES occasionally as the wind comes through the small opening to the outside. They can’t seem to decide who should start. Finally...
139) 2) dialog: Honestly? I’d say the fact that you weren’t allowed to be there worked out in your favor. He just nods.
139) 3) dialog: I wanted you to know, I didn’t end up using your speech. At the last minute I got this idea that it was more important for the words to be mine than to be good. A beat. Then quietly...
139) 5) dialog: You were right, you know? About no one really p. paying attention. When I finally decided that I had to write the thing myself I thought I suddenly had this great insight that was going to knock everyone's socks off. It was all about how every time you breathe you get two atoms that were breathed by every person who’s ever lived. Julius Caesar, James Dean, Queen Elizabeth. You’ve heard that right? He nods.
139) 6) dialog: So anyway, that meant that two of the atoms in everyone’s breath also came from my brother. And even though he was gone, he was still this tiny part of us all. (MORE )
139) 8) dialog: And what he’d want us to remember was not that his name was on two atoms in every breath, but that every breath was our chance to put our own signature on a trillion little pieces of the future.
139) 10) dialog: Yeah? Well, let me give you some advice, should you ever find yourself giving a speech to a thousand eighteen year olds dying to oO party - Dead people and atoms? a! Pro y not the topics you want to lead with.
139) 12) dialog: I mean, I can’t tell you how many times I pictured all of that playing out, you know? Me on stage, giving this amazing speech, everyone in awe, my parents weeping, and even my brother, like, sitting on some cloud, looking down and smiling. (beat) But it wasn’t like that at all. I mean people clapped, but mostl. because it was over. Durban, the third time’s the charm senior, he got the real ovation.
139) 14) dialog: Oh, very pappy Very proud. We have roughly 4000 photos of the event.
139) 16) dialog: Not a cloud in the sky. Porter nods.
139) 17) dialog: I know you think that I’ve been trying to replace him somehow, and I’m sure that’s part of it, but the truth is, I didn’t know him that well when he was alive. (MORE )
139) 19) dialog: He was always something I was trying to separate myself from, not get closer to. And by the time I realized how stupid that was, he wasn’t around. So I didn’t become this overachieving valedictorian to bring him back. I did it because every time I did something he'd done, every time someone looked at me and saw a little bit of my brother, it felt like we were getting closer. Like I was finally getting to know him, even though he was gone. But the flip side is that after eighteen years I feel like I know my dead brother a lot better than I know myself. And I guess I just wanted to say... I’m working on it. A beat, then she stands.
139) 20) dialog: Anyway, I should go. We’re doing some packing.
139) 23) dialog: Well, no, actually. It’s not that kind’ of Packing. I ended up deferring Stanford for a year. I figured I’d take some time, drive around, see if that’s really where I‘m supposed to be. Or something like that. Like I said, I’m working on it. Porter's surprised.
139) 25) dialog: (beat ) . ; We’re all working on it. She starts to go and then stops, reaches into her purse a pulls out some papers.
139) 26) dialog: Oh. I almost forgot. I wanted to give you this. He takes the pages.
139) 30) dialog: I know. I just thought... I mean, I know your whole deal was that you could sound like anyone, but the more I thought about it, the more I realized, this isn’t me ‘talking. It’s you. You wrote it. raqast wondered if you'd ever really sat down and read it. 103. He’s not sure what to say. She looks at him, smiles. She hesitates, then steps over, kisses him. It’s short, but it says what it needs to. sweet, She walks out. He looks at the pages in his hand. The win RATTLES the poster on his wall. He takes a seat on his bed, unfolds the pages. As he begi to read...
149) 0) text: Norah’s parents wave goodbye as she drops her loaded car gear, pulls away.
150) 0) text: Norah pulls onto the road, rolls down the window. Wind in hair, she hits the gas.
151) 0) text: Porter’s not here. The room is missing things, even if we not sure what they are. What we notice is that on the far wall, where the hole wa is Norah’s painting, the one she said she always liked.
152) 0) text: Porter sits outside, alone. Thinking. Waiting. Watching. VERY SLOWLY PULL BACK to reveal he’s sitting on a fully loaded backpack. Suddenly, a huge smile spreads across his face as he spot what he’s looking for. 109. NEW ANGLE as Norah pulls up in her loaded car. She presse button. The trunk opens. NEW ANGLE as Porter throws his bag in the trunk. NEW ANGLE as Porter hugs his family. — WALTER (V.0.) This is a picture of Walter Black. Henry gives Porter a wooden compass. He pats his younger brother on the head.
153) 0) text: The car starts. The windows come down. Porter and Norah e stick an arm out to wave goodbye as they drive away.