3) 0) text: PORTER, cute but wild haired emo teen, sits at his desk, reading. tBhe books around him have titles’ like: DNA=DES He stares into a notebook labeled JOURNAL OF SIMILARITIES It’s some sort of list with fifty something items like: Fingernail Digging, Whistle Breathing, Finger-Chin Tap. THE BEAVER (V.O. Porter, his oldest, has begun to openly lobby for a divorce... We push past Porter towards his wall where there’s a deep head_sized dent in the drywall. We close in on the hole.
5) 1) text: Meredith, his wife, has clung to hope that he’1l one day wake up, snap out of it. She reaches into her purse for a tissue, but ends up with another of Porter’s bachelor photos. She puts it back, ta a napkin from one of the ladies.
7) 2) text: Porter sits across from JARED, a confused athletic type.
7) 4) dialog: Jared, you're failing the class. And this writing sample could probably get you committed in several states. You really think you can suddenty hand in an A paper and get away with it?
7) 6) dialog: Excellent. Good luck to you. Porter starts to leave.
7) 8) dialog: I’ve never written anything for Hector. If he told you different he’s a_liar. (closing his notebook) But hypothetically, if I had written Hector an A paper, it certainly wouldn’t have been right out of the box. Hypothetically, he would have come_to me a long time ago, and we would have raised his rades incrementally. And he would ave been responsible for memorizing the facts in the papers I wrote so that he wouldn’t miss test questions over the same information. And if that had happened, then yes, he might have turned in an A paper and he might even be making a solid B in a class he used to be failing. (MORE )
7) 11) dialog: (sing-song) Responsible regulars receive reduced rates. Porter slides a book across the table. Jared SIGHS. He op it, puts $150 in and slides it back. Porter nods and stan
7) 13) dialog: Wilkins, from your team last year? The one who thought the words igneous and ignorant were interchangeable? Where’s he now?
7) 15) dialog: You’ll get the grades. All you have to do is make people believe they’re yours. Porter walks away. NORAH, cheerleader outfit, the kind of girl you're either hopelessly in love with, hopelessly jealous of, or both, breaks away from friends to catch up.
8) 2) dialog: Hey?
8) 4) dialog: You can, you just never have.
8) 6) dialog: Really? I’m not. Without warning, Porter stops at his locker. She takes a steps before realizing it. She comes back. He seems annoy
8) 7) dialog: Seriously, what do you want? She’s taken aback by the hostility. A beat. NORAH ; ; I... need you to write something. Porter LAUGHS.
8) 8) dialog: I knew it. Is this what passes for undercover around here? You’re the fucking valedictorian. He reall thinks I’m going to fall for this?
8) 10) dialog: Mumphry, or whichever vice principal sent you. You tell him I’m insulted. Porter closes his locker, starts away. She grabs him.
8) 13) dialog: You have a 4.0. I’m eight places behind - ou in the class rank. I copy. O: ygu in calculus. Why on Babin’ wou d you want me to write you a paper?
8) 17) dialog: I’d need some samples and- She quickly hands him a paper from her bag.
8) 19) dialog: I see one i dotted with a heart and we're done. He starts away.
8) 21) dialog: Don’t forget to bring cash.
16) 0) text: Meredith, Porter, and Henry eat at the table. The awkward indicates this is not a regular thing. 13.
16) 1) dialog: Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad you kicked him out. But the whole eating at the table in response to family drama thing? I mean, how long do you see us keeping this up?
16) 3) dialog: Maybe I should get a paper route too. A long beat then...
17) 0) text: Meredith, Henry, and Porter sit with their dinner in thei laps watching The Daily Show. Only Jon Stewart speaks.
19) 0) text: Porter is in the stands reading GENETIC PSYCHOLOGY TODAY Norah is practicing with the cheerleaders on the floor. The COACH calls a break. Norah splits from the others, gr her bags and moves up to where Porter is. He closes the magazine. She looks at it.
19) 2) dialog: Bookstore was out of US Weekly. He digs her sample out of his bag. He hands it back. She’ surprised.
19) 4) dialog: I’m not doing it. She’s stunned.
19) 6) dialog: Because that’s an excellent paper. You're an excellent writer. Which means that the only reason for me to do this would be because you can’t be bothered to do it yourself. I’m sure shaking pom poms and being anorexic is a ful schedule, I bet if you pot your mind to it, you can work this in. He stands, gathers his things.
19) 8) dialog: You know, it’s one thing to get by on your looks when it’s all you've got. But for someone like you it’s gust lazy. If you’re stuck for a opic, maybe you should just go with that. Short skirts, nose jobs, and get someone else to do it. Worked for me, kids! He starts to go. Norah looks floored. The Coach yells fro the gym floor.
22) 0) text: Porter enters, reading from the giant stack of papers tha Norah threw in front of him. He stops. He hears LAUGHTER.
23) 0) text: Porter steps in to see Walter using The Beaver to toss a salad, grabbing fistfuls in its jaws with little GROWLS. Henry and Meredith LAUGH at this as they cook.
23) 1) dialog: What - the - fuck. They all look up. Meredith stops jaughing. Before she can anything Walter turns The Beaver toward Porter.
23) 4) dialog: This a joke, right?
23) 6) dialog: Have you completely lost your mind?
23) 8) dialog: I’m not asking you, nut job. I’m asking mom. Meredith starts to say something but Porter cuts her off. 24.
23) 9) dialog: It takes you ou to finally get rid of him an ou let him come back the next night with a talking et eat) I knew you were weak, but Christ.
24) 0) text: The TV is on the Daily Show again. NEW ANGLE reveals that Porter is the only one eating in f of it.
25) 0) text: Walter, Henry, and Meredith are at the table. As they eat Meredith is clearly still smarting from Porter's words. She focuses on the memory box which sits just in front of plate. As she handles it, she tries to put on a smile aga
26) 0) text: Porter hears this question and MUTES the TV. He looks tow the kitchen.
27) 0) text: Meredith gives Walter a look. Walter absent 1 drags lines through his food with his for he thinks. ie hear a faint WHISTLE in his breaths like th sound Porter <aisciplined himself for making earlier. Finally...
28) 0) text: Walter joins Meredith. They move down to Porter’s doorway
29) 0) text: Porter is walking around on his cell, Norah’s pages in ha
29) 2) dialog: Norah. It’s Porter. Listen, about what I said earlier-
29) 4) dialog: Well... I’ve been reading your stuff, and I think maybe if we talked more about what you're trying to say-
29) 6) dialog: Um- She hangs up. Porter puts the phone down. He looks satisf mildly upbeat. 29. Then he looks out his window and sees Walter getting in h car. Walter looks up, sees Porter, and raises The Beaver wave goodbye. And like that, Porter goes south. He sits on his bed to t and finds himself instinctively y massaging his eyebrows saw before. The faint WHISTLE in his breaths returns. He catches himself doing these things and, in a flash of frustration, pounds on his head with his fists. Unsatisfied, he pulls _a poster from the wall revealing t large dent we saw earlier and begins POUNDING his head in the drywall.
30) 0) text: CLOSE ON the outside of Porter’s wall where his blows for cracks in the stucco. With each hit, chips fall away unti finally hear a heavy THUD followed by SILENCE. FADE TO BLACK.
35) 0) text: A wide shot shows rows of cubes. No one’s here yet. There small card in the center of each desk. CLOSE ON a single desk. The card is the same therapeutic caution card Walter gave to Meredith and Porter. NEW ANGLE inside of a pair of cubes, the card in the cent of the desks. NEW ANGLE inside of an office. The same situation. NEW ANGLE as EMPLOYEES begin to stream in. A couple get t their desks. They pick up the card. They look at one anot
38) 0) text: CLOSE ON Porter's iips: He’s biting his lower one exactly like Walter as he takes in the room. It’s like a Siehotg case. Awards, medals, ribbons, plaque everywhere, although for a head cheerleader, there’s noth particularly feminine: no posters, no pink, etc.
38) 1) dialog: (regarding the walls) This is... impressive. She shrugs it off. Her attitude is all business.
38) 3) dialog: Right. I guess the first thing we have to figure out is what you want to say. Well, that’ nS Aainda the problem. I have no idea. I mean, I’ve been on this track, you know, school, sports, Stanford for like, ever. I haven't really had to think about what’s next, it’s just been... obvious. So, I don’t really know what I’m supposed to say to people who don’t have all that figured out yet.
38) 4) dialog: I see. So, your basic overachiever needs help addressing the little people speech - Have a nice summer, luck in community college. tuff like that?
38) 6) dialog: (looking, around) I’m piecing it together.
38) 8) dialog: I’m sorry, I must have misheard you. It sounded like you said expelled.
38) 10) dialog: Depends on what it was for. If it had anything to do with Freeing Tibet, then no, it doesn’t surprise me at all.
38) 12) dialog: Let me guess: Stanford Rules in big block letters.
38) 14) dialog: (shaking his head) Sorry. Not possible. Does not compute.
38) 16) dialog: And where’s all this angry rebel artist stuff now?
38) 18) dialog: Why? Because when the student body president, chess club champion, cheerleader, valedictorian tells you that she used to make defiant Masterpieces you kind of want to see one. She just looks at him, unsure.
38) 19) dialog: You still have something don’t you? Come on. Just one look and_I’1l write you a speech you could run for president with. Please. She hesitates.
38) 21) dialog: Be easier to get you elected. She starts to turn away.
38) 22) dialog: Okay, roxas okay. I'll be good. (hand on his heart) Promise. 36.
39) 0) text: Norah and Porter stand at the bedroom door next to her ow In addition to the knob, there’s a padlocked latch. She dials in the combination. CLICK. As she opens the doo
39) 2) dialog: Whose room is this?
39) 5) dialog: You did this?
39) 7) dialog: No, I mean, it’s... really good. Really. She’s not sure how to take this.
39) 11) dialog: Wow. He starts to thumb through the others.
39) 12) dialog: These are great. Where did you learn to do this?
39) 14) dialog: Why do you keep them in here?
39) 16) dialog: He must have really liked them. She closes the closet.
39) 19) dialog: Where’s your brother now? Norah looks at him as if the question surprises her, as i she thought it was something he already knew. A beat. She walks to the corner and grabs the edge of a large des Suddenly, she HEAVES and it GRINDS away from the wall. She stares at the floor in the corner. Porter steps over. There, painted onto the wood floor is the beginnings of w might be a mural.
39) 23) dialog: I’m sorry.
39) 26) dialog: Um, no, ma’am. Not really.
39) 30) dialog: I'll figure it out. Norah nods and turns back toward her mom.
40) 0) text: On the right half of the screen, Porter gets into his car sits behind the wheel. On the left half of the screen, Walter sits behind his de so that the tableaus almost match CLOSE ON both their faces as they fall into what almost l like identical pensive trances. They each begin to tap th chins with their index fingers.
46) 0) text: Porter reads Norah’s papers. He thinks. Starts writing.
49) 0) text: Porter’s food sits on his desk, untouched. Instead, he’s his bed POUNDING his head into the dent. He takes a moment, looks into the hole. He can see cracks the wall going all the way out. He seems inspired by this presses on. 43.
50) 0) text: CLOSE ON Porter subbing the knot on his head when HECTOR walks up, excited. He hands Porter a newspaper clipping. headline: LOCAL MINORITY WINS ESSAY SCHOLARSHIP. Hector holds out his fist for a bump. Porter complies, bu he’s already distracted.
73) 0) text: Porter is sitting across from a panic stricken Hector.
73) 1) dialog: What the fuck do I always say Hector? Read it before you turn it in. It was about your own family for God’s sake.
73) 3) dialog: Your own dad turned you in?
73) 5) dialog: Look, Hector, this is your problem, you understand. My name stays out of it. 54.
73) 7) dialog: Tell them you bought it off the internet.
73) 9) dialog: Okay. I’11 make a dummy website. Paper writing for hire. You give them the web address, tell them you sent your money in, got your paper back, that’s all you know. They can look all they want, it won’t come back to me.
73) 11) dialog: Look! I’m sorry you didn’t read our own essay, ut giving me me up isn’t going to change tha trusted you and you broke the rules, so I’m counting on you to do the right thing here. Porter sees Norah come in.
73) 12) dialog: I gotta go. I’1ll send you the fake site address by tomorrow. Okay? Porter stands to leave. Hector doesn’t say anything.
73) 13) dialog: Okay?
73) 15) dialog: Hey.
73) 17) dialog: Was your coach upset?
73) 19) dialog: I told you you didn’t have to give me a ride.
73) 21) dialog: So... um, are you busy tonight?
73) 23) dialog: I’m not sure. My plan was to get a feel for the situation. If it seemed like you weren’t into it, I was just going to say that I had worked up a beginning for the speech and that we should g together and make sure you Sef ink I’m on the right track.
73) 25) dialog: Actually, just kind of discounted that possibi ity. I think I was going to casually ask you if you wanted to do something withou making it sound like I'd been up all night planning something elaborate.
73) 27) dialog: I have like maps and stuff. She smiles.
73) 29) dialog: (surprised Um..okay. It’s a date. 56. Coyly, as she goes...
73) 31) dialog: (to himself) Please, don’t fuck this up.
77) 0) text: Porter is driving as Norah reads some pages. 58.
77) 2) dialog: Trust me, as long as I get a diploma and get out of here, the credit is all yours. She looks at him.
77) 4) dialog: You clearly haven't met my family. It’s gonna be hard enough to make it 10 more weeks without putting my head through a wall.
77) 6) dialog: Yes. With stuffed animals and handmade furniture.
77) 8) dialog: Nothing. He suddenly pulls the car to stop. He backs UP turns so t the car is left facing the street. He turns off the engin
77) 9) dialog: Well. Here we are. Norah looks around. It’s not a great part of town. The ro is pot-holed, empty, dark. Thereé’s a freeway on-ramp in distance. Other than urban decay, not much to see.
78) 0) text: Norah beside him, Porter opens the trunk revealing a nest various spray and regular paints.
78) 1) dialog: (nervous ) Ta-da. Norah just stares at them blankly.
78) 2) dialog: The neighborhood really isn’t as bad as it looks. According to the web there were less that two murders per square mile here last ear. And this place got closed for angerous levels of asbestos, so it’s not like anyone is going to bother us. She’s still just looking at him. He pulls out some of the paint.
78) 3) dialog: The guy in the store was a little suspicious so I had to get some colors that didn’t seem, like, vandalism related. Can you do graffiti in Robin's Egg? A long beat. Finally...
78) 5) dialog: Sure. I_know. It just seemed like you really had talent. I hate to see you give it up just because - Porter suddenly realizes there’s no good way to finish th sentence.
78) 7) dialog: Because, you got in trouble once.
78) 9) dialog: It sounds less romantic when you say it that way.
78) 11) dialog: I don’t know. What were you starting to paint on your brother’s floor? Norah's face goes cold. A beat, and then she walks away, in the car, closes the door. Porter stands there a moment holding cans of spray paint.
79) 0) text: Porter slowly opens and then gets into the driver’s side. They sit in silence for a moment.
79) 2) dialog: I wasn't trying, I swear. I just, I wanted to do something you'd remember.
79) 4) dialog: Look, I know I’m not exactly yo your t e, so I figured that my be shot was to just try to be really different.
79) 6) dialog: Now, see, that just shows that you don’t really know me. 61.
79) 8) dialog: I am? She nods, then starts to lean in ever so slightly. He hesitates. Is this what it seems like?
79) 11) dialog: That thing. That thing I just did.
79) 13) dialog: With your hair! He angrily hits himself in the head a few times. As he oes...
79) 14) dialog: That’s new. That’s a new one.
79) 16) dialog: That’s 58.
80) 3) dialog: I’m sorry.
80) 5) dialog: How may little ways do you think two things can be alike before you have to start worrying about the big ones? She has no idea what to say to this. He turns to her. 63.
80) 6) dialog: This is like, the worst first date ever, isn’t it?
82) 0) text: Porter and Norah sit in chairs against a wall. She’s CRYI He tries to console her. She jerks away. NEW ANGLE reveals NORAH’S MOM AND DAD marching up to them They stare down at Norah NORAH’S DAD I don’t even know what to say. I'd hoped we were past this sort of thing. He doesn’t sound upset, but numb. But, for Norah, this is worse. A long beat.
82) 1) dialog: Sir, this is a big misunderstanding. It was completely my—
82) 3) dialog: Norah. Norah, I’m sorry. Norah’s mom gives him a glare, but Norah never turns. As Norah's family nears the front, Walter and Meredith co in. Porter can’t hear, but he sees Walter raise The Beave and start talking to the SERGEANT at the front. Norah's dad overhears this. He stops, asks a question. Th The Beaver and Norah's father get into a conversation wit Walter pointing in Porter’s direction. Norah's father looks at Walter like he’s crazy. He starts walk away. Norah and Porter’s eyes finally meet. Her look is not sympathetic. It’s like she doesn’t even know him. And then she’s gone. Porter drops his head, begins to POUND it against the cin block wall. As he goes in’ for another shot...
83) 0) text: Porter pounding his head into his own wall. 67.
84) 0) text: We hear the THUDS as the stucco breaks away. Porter’s actually breaking out. Through a tiny hole, we can actual see in. Suddenly his eyes appears in the hole, looking out. PUSH IN on the hole as his eye disappears and then his he comes back for another blow, causing more stuccos to brea loose and the hole to widen ever so slightly. Another blown and then suddenly his head disappears follo by the faint sound of him collapsing, unconscious. We hold on the hole, looking into the room from outside. FADE TO BLACK.
88) 0) text: Porter is at his locker. Hector walks up.
88) 2) dialog: You got the website, right?
88) 4) dialog: Just stick to the story, you’ll be fine. He takes off. Hector throws his hands up in frustration. Porter catches up to Norah.
88) 5) dialog: Hey.
88) 7) dialog: I, uh, finished the speech. A draft anyway. I can always make changes. She stops, takes it.
88) 10) dialog: Look, Norah, I’m so sorry. I don’t know if he told you but I called and explained everything to your father and- She looks around. Looks at Porter.
88) 12) dialog: So, we're okay.
88) 16) dialog: That actually sounds harder than just, you know, seeing what appens .
88) 18) dialog: Norah, listen-
94) 0) text: PORTER SWEEPS books into a box. He pauses over the notebo labeled JOURNAL OF SIMILARITIES we saw in the beginning. NEW ANGLE shows the list now numbers in the low 60's. 73. He tosses the notebook into the box. As he’s about to go, he stops, goes to his wall. He yanks down the poster he uses to cover his hole. He puts it in trash, leaves the hole exposed.
95) 0) text: Henry is loading pieces of wood into the back of the subu when his mother comes out with bags. She looks at him. He looks at her. She can’t bear to tell him no. Porter comes out, tosses his things in. Without a word he gets in the passenger seat, puts on his belt. He’s ready. As Meredith and Henry are finishing up Walter steps into garage. He stands by the door. Henry rushes over to him.
99) 0) text: From outside, we look through the hole and see Walter sta back at us. As we start to pull back he walks closer until it looks l he’1ll lean down and put his face to the hole. Instead, he reaches Porter's bed and simply falls onto it As he disappears from frame we're left looking into Porte empty room until the camera pulls back and the hole becom just a pinprick of light in the wall. And then the lights go out. FADE TO BLACK.
100) 0) text: A REPORTER is on mic, a small queue of people in line to enter the store behind her.
102) 0) text: Porter slides next to Norah as she’s selecting food.
102) 1) dialog: Hey. We need to talk.
102) 3) dialog: Yeah, well, I’ve called, texted, im’d, and it never seems to be a good time.
102) 5) dialog: I read an article about your brother. Turns. Waits.
102) 6) dialog: He really was an amazing guy.
102) 8) dialog: You said you’d been headed to Stanford forever. You_never said that’s where he was planning on going too.
102) 10) dialog: Please. The same school. The same classes. The same clubs. If they'd let you on the football team you’d have identical transcripts. for the registers again. He follows.
102) 11) dialog: Look, I understand that you feel a certain... responsibility, for what happened. But it’s not your job to replace him. As she’s paying...
102) 13) dialog: All I’m saying is if you don’t want to see me, you don’t want to talk to me, that’s fine. But do it because that’s really what you want to do, not because you think it’s what you’re supposed to do. 82.
102) 15) dialog: Oh come on. One day you’re this rebel painter and then your brother dies and suddenly you’re making a beeline for valedictorian and Stanford?
102) 17) dialog: It's called denial, Norah. You_ guys keep his room hermetically sealed while you build a carbon copy right next door. You feel guilty so you drop your own life and try to take over his. And as _long as you never step out of the footprints, everyone gets to go on pretending it never happened. But you meet somebody and you threaten to live your own life, even for a second, and you freak out. I’m sorry about what happened. I don’t know how Many more ways I can say that, but I’m not your problem, Norah. Your problem is that you have no idea who you really are, and you don’t seem the least bit interested in finding out. You can take all his classes, and give his speeches, and go get his degree if you want, but sooner or later you and your parents are gonna have to face the act that none of that is going to bring your brother back. She stops suddenl turns and SLAPS him. Hard. Drops her tr and puts him on t é ground, hard. The whole room looks up. People stand, crowd in. Some OHH They're all waiting. She looks down at him. She’s teary eyed, but her voice is pure anger.
111) 0) text: Porter stands in front of his locker with a trash can. He pulls everything into it.
128) 4) dialog: Mom. She drops him. He goes horizontal again. She looks exasperated.
128) 7) dialog: I’m up okay? But I’m not going. She looks at him. Considers this. Henry comes in, excited
129) 0) text: Porter walks in. He heads straight for his bed, falls int it, pulls a pillow over his head.
136) 0) text: Meredith KNOCKS on Porter's door. No response. She tries handle. It’s locked.
137) 0) text: Porter sits on his bed, staring at the door. He’s clearly conflicted, but he doesn’t move.
138) 0) text: Meredith and Norah are walking away when suddenly the mus stops. Norah and Meredith pause, look back. Porter's door opens. He sticks his head out. A long beat as Norah and Porter look at one another. Then without a word, she turns and heads back towards his room Meredith watches, satisfied, then heads downstairs. 100.
139) 0) text: Porter sits on his bed. Norah sits across. There’s a bit breeze outside, and even though the poster is once again the hole in the wall, it RATTLES occasionally as the wind comes through the small opening to the outside. They can’t seem to decide who should start. Finally...
139) 1) dialog: So how was graduation?
139) 4) dialog: Well... you still owe me 150 bucks. She smiles, the first break in the ice.
139) 9) dialog: Not bad.
139) 11) dialog: No?
139) 13) dialog: And your parents?
139) 15) dialog: And your brother?
139) 21) dialog: (as he stands) Really dying to get to Stanford,
139) 24) dialog: Wow. Good for you. How are your parents with that?
139) 27) dialog: What is it?
139) 29) dialog: Oh. Well, this is just a print out. I've still got it on my drive.
139) 31) dialog: Faculty, students, families, I’m here today because I’m supposed to tell you something about tomorrow. I’m supposed to remind you that it’s the first day of the rest of your life, and inspire you to seize the infinite array of possibilities that_have suddenly become available. I’m supposed to tell you that you can_do anything you dare to dream as long a you just listen to your heart and fo low your rainbow. But I can’t do that. Because it’s not true. INT. NORAH'S BROTHER’S ROOM We see the walls covered in trophies, awards.
139) 33) dialog: The truth is, there ate people out there in big government buildings and insurance agencies whose job is to predict the future. They don’t know you or me, don’t know a thing about our hopes and dreams, and frankly they don’t care. (MORE )
139) 35) dialog: But still they’re hunched over their computers, crunching numbers, and without ever having asked you what you want to be when you grow BP, t hey know not only what kind of b you 11 have, and how much money you’ 1 make, but whether you’1ll be married or have kids, where and how you'll live, and even roughly when you'll die.
140) 1) dialog: And when you look at all their statistics, all their data, all their predictions, the future looks less like something you get to write than something you simply get to show up for.
141) 1) dialog: So instead of deluding you, instead of offering you cliches and platitudes, I tgats going to give it to you straight. Most of us will be average. That’s why they call it average, because the majority of us end up there. And according to the statistics, this is what the future holds for the average person in this class: You'll die before you're 85.
142) 1) dialog: You'll be married, but you’1l also get divorced. You'll suffer from at east one mae jredical problem.
142) 4) dialog: You’1l work out of an office, live in a modest home, and never make more than 100 thousand dollars a year. Doesn’t really sound that exciting does it? Certainly doesn’t sound like the life they promise in most graduation speeches.
143) 1) dialog: But what if I told you that the person described in that scenario was not someone from this class, but Albert Einstein. Because while he may have been one of the most famous minds in history, according to the numbers, he was as average as they come. Life ft down Ehe job, house, all right down the dle. So’ how come average is nding the last thing you think of when you hear the name Einstein?
143) 3) dialog: It’s because even if 1 the statistics, all the predictions, all the numbers are true, they don’t really tell you anythin about what your life will be Tike. What it will be worth. fihate it will mean. The formulas, equations, scores, and data, they’re just pieces of the story.
143) 5) dialog: And if you put_them all together, they don’t really tell you who you'll be because people are more than the SUMORE jrheir parts. PORTER (V.O.) (cont) I can’t stand here and tell you that anything is possible, because it isn’t.
144) 2) dialog: Your name is already written in a big book somewhere and certain things, whether you like them or not, have already been jotted down next to it. And Maybe ePoss things can’t be changed. But what your name will ultimately mean, what it will cause others to think of, to remember, to feel, that is something that’s hot yet written, something that cannot be predicted. It's something that only you can control. You don! ‘t_have to believe anythin is possible for tomorrow be the first day of the rest of your life. You pust have to believe hat when all the math is done, there’s still something that can’t be accounted for. That thing is what makes you, you. And all you have to do now, is create it.
146) 0) text: Porter and Walter sit across from one another. Walter loo peaceful. SILENCE.
146) 1) dialog: So... you're going to be okay? Walter nods, shrugs.
146) 3) dialog: You think so? Walter smiles.
146) 5) dialog: But they have a good feeling, right? They feel like you’re probably going to be okay.
146) 7) dialog: What about me? Am I going to be okay? Declarative, and without hesitation...
146) 9) dialog: First, Grandpa and now you. I mean- Again, definitively.
146) 11) dialog: How do you know that? Walter waits until Porter looks him in the eye.
147) 0) text: Porter gets into the back seat, closes the door. He’s emotional, unsure what he’s feeling. NEW ANGLE reveals Henry sitting beside him, whittling qui on a piece of wood. Finally...
147) 2) dialog: Yeah. Just have to finish some paperwork.
151) 0) text: Porter’s not here. The room is missing things, even if we not sure what they are. What we notice is that on the far wall, where the hole wa is Norah’s painting, the one she said she always liked.
152) 0) text: Porter sits outside, alone. Thinking. Waiting. Watching. VERY SLOWLY PULL BACK to reveal he’s sitting on a fully loaded backpack. Suddenly, a huge smile spreads across his face as he spot what he’s looking for. 109. NEW ANGLE as Norah pulls up in her loaded car. She presse button. The trunk opens. NEW ANGLE as Porter throws his bag in the trunk. NEW ANGLE as Porter hugs his family. — WALTER (V.0.) This is a picture of Walter Black. Henry gives Porter a wooden compass. He pats his younger brother on the head.
153) 0) text: The car starts. The windows come down. Porter and Norah e stick an arm out to wave goodbye as they drive away.