0) 0) text: WALTER, mid 40’s, vacant, lies in bed fully dressed in a and tie. The voice we hear belongs to THE BEAVER. He has a crisp English accent.
0) 2) text: CLOSE ON a shelf of SELF HELP TITLES. Walter pulls down DUMPING DEPRESSION. CLOSE ON a medicine cabinet full of prescriptions. Walter pops some pills. WALTER CHANTS and pounds as part of a drum circle. WALTER SOBS on a park bench. WALTER HITS himself with a belt but refuses to show emoti WALTER POPS more pills. WALTER READS from THE RAINBOW INSIDE. WALTER LAYS on a couch, speaking to his therapist. WALTER STARES into a hypnotist’s pocketwatch. WALTER POPS a whole handful of pills.
0) 6) text: He prefers to call it siesta. He dreams of islands with bright buildings and wandering dogs. WALTER SLEEPS in his car.
1) 0) text: Walter sits at his desk. He stares at a photo of his fami THE BEAVER (V.O. Two things keep Walter from sleeping forever. CLOSE ON the photo. Walter, the wife, two boys. More on t later.
1) 5) text: Walter’s since led them to the edge of bankruptcy.
6) 0) text: Walter is laying in bed, dressed as we first found him.
10) 0) text: Walter comes out with two large bags of CLINKING liquor. he gets to the car he realizes there’s no room for them. CLOSE ON Walter’s trunk being opened. CLOSE ON a dumpster. Boxes are tossed in. We see that the the ones full of self help books and medication. Clothes follow. Files. Awards. Yearbooks. A set of golf clubs. NEW ANGLE shows Walter emptying the final items out of th backseat. He throws them in the dumpster. Walter stares at what he’s done, his life mixed in with t garbage. He looks sleepy. He leaves, then stops, slowly comes back, eyeing somethin ANGLE ON the garbage reveals a half buried BEAVER PUPPET, large plastic eyes staring out from under some refuse. Walter squints, then reaches for it. It turns out to have large bushy tail and big happy grin. He holds it up. He and the beaver seem to stare blankly at one another fo long time, as if each reading a story in the other’s eyes CLOSE ON the trunk again as the two large bags full of li are tossed into the now empty space. A beat, then.... The beaver puppet is tossed in too. The lid SLAMS down.
11) 0) text: ANGLE ON the bed as we hear the DOOR OPEN, the BOTTLES be set on the ground. Suddenly Walter falls into bed with his shoes on. He pull pillow over his head. He sleeps.
12) 0) text: The room is a wreck. Sheets, clothes, empty bottles. ANGLE ON a bottle of sleeping pills, opened and half gone follow a trail of the little pink pills until we come to. 11. WALTER, sitting on the floor shooting whiskey straight, t beaver puppet now on his left hand. He’s WEEPING. On the TV, Alan Thicke is having a heart to heart with Ki Cameron in a GROWING PAINS episode...
12) 3) dialog: (drunk) Beautiful. He takes a shot of whiskey and then pours some on the scr as if pouring it down Alan Thicke’s throat.
12) 4) dialog: There you go. ANGLE ON the TV again as Walter continues pouring whiskey the screen. Alan and Kirk hug. Something breaks in Walter. He drops the bottle. A dong beat as he looks around the room, his face suddenl ank.
13) 0) text: Walter has fashioned a necktie into a noose around the sh rod. He SOBS as he steps up onto the edge of the bathtub, knee bent, and tightens it around his neck. He takes a few deep breaths and closes his eyes. A long b He inches his feet to the very edge of the bathtub and th finally, lets them slip off. His weight drops onto the noose, but it suspends him for barely a second before the whole rod comes down, dropping into the tub backwards with a tremendous CRASH. His feet hang out of the tub, the rest of him invisible, motionless. 12. SILENCE.
14) 0) text: ANGLE ON the shower rod as it DRAGS across the carpet. Reveal Walter, still fastened to the rod by his tie, trud toward the balcony. Drops of blood dot the back of his sh
15) 0) text: Walter puts a chair next to the railing, climbs UP. He ta rickety steps up until he’s balanced very tenuously on th edge of the railing. He looks down, a solid ten stories. The tie pulling at his neck, the shower rod hanging behin him, BANGING against the balcony in the breeze, he looks resigned. A GUST of wind almost tips him forward. He takes a breath, seems to decide he’s ready. He raises arms as if to swan dive. And then suddenly, he catches a glimpse of the beaver pup on his left hand. He eyes it as if he’d forgotten all abo it. He brings it close. They stare one another down. As he stares, he starts to tip forward, about to fall, bu the last moment, he overcorrects and instead tips backwar toward the room. He falls over the chair and through the open door, CRASHI into the dresser before falling backward onto the ground. A quiet beat until we notice that the shower rod has gott wrapped around the TV and is slowly pulling it toward the edge of the dresser, just above the seemingly unconscious Walter. A beat, and then the TV tips off, landing flat on Walter’ head with a MEATY THUD. SILENCE.
18) 0) text: Walter blinks awake on the floor. The TV is flat against face, iiterally sitting on his head. Between it and the carpet his field of vision is narrow. Suddenly, he raises his left arm so the beaver puppet is he can see. A long beat, then...
18) 2) dialog: Who are you?
18) 6) dialog: Leave me alone.
18) 8) dialog: Please, just let me rest.
18) 10) dialog: I’m sick.
18) 12) dialog: Of course, but-
18) 14) dialog: Yes.
18) 18) dialog: I don’t know how to do that.
18) 20) dialog: I... yes... please.
18) 22) dialog: Yes. Please. Just, just... blow it up. Blow it up. Walter is starting to WEEP again.
18) 24) dialog: Who are you?
21) 26) dialog: Happy?
21) 28) dialog: Meredith, this is a breakthrough. He says that if I stick with it we can knock down-
21) 30) dialog: Dr. Macy.
21) 32) dialog: I went back.
23) 0) text: Porter steps in to see Walter using The Beaver to toss a salad, grabbing fistfuls in its jaws with little GROWLS. Henry and Meredith LAUGH at this as they cook.
25) 0) text: Walter, Henry, and Meredith are at the table. As they eat Meredith is clearly still smarting from Porter's words. She focuses on the memory box which sits just in front of plate. As she handles it, she tries to put on a smile aga
27) 0) text: Meredith gives Walter a look. Walter absent 1 drags lines through his food with his for he thinks. ie hear a faint WHISTLE in his breaths like th sound Porter <aisciplined himself for making earlier. Finally...
28) 0) text: Walter joins Meredith. They move down to Porter’s doorway
31) 0) text: Walter is jogging; Pull back to reveal that he’s holding beaver in front of him as he does, almost a hood ornament
32) 0) text: Walter showers. He soaps himself and The Beaver.
33) 0) text: Walter stands in a towel BLOW DRYING The Beaver.
33) 1) text: WALTER PRESSES a suit. The Beaver guides the iron. WALTER STRAIGHTENS his tie. WALTER COMBS The Beaver’s fur.
34) 0) text: Walter regards himself and The Beaver in the mirror. He l like a Brooks Brothers model... with a beaver on his hand He stares at The Beaver for a long beat. He looks nervous Finally... 30.
35) 0) text: A wide shot shows rows of cubes. No one’s here yet. There small card in the center of each desk. CLOSE ON a single desk. The card is the same therapeutic caution card Walter gave to Meredith and Porter. NEW ANGLE inside of a pair of cubes, the card in the cent of the desks. NEW ANGLE inside of an office. The same situation. NEW ANGLE as EMPLOYEES begin to stream in. A couple get t their desks. They pick up the card. They look at one anot
38) 0) text: CLOSE ON Porter's iips: He’s biting his lower one exactly like Walter as he takes in the room. It’s like a Siehotg case. Awards, medals, ribbons, plaque everywhere, although for a head cheerleader, there’s noth particularly feminine: no posters, no pink, etc.
40) 0) text: On the right half of the screen, Porter gets into his car sits behind the wheel. On the left half of the screen, Walter sits behind his de so that the tableaus almost match CLOSE ON both their faces as they fall into what almost l like identical pensive trances. They each begin to tap th chins with their index fingers.
42) 0) text: Walter sits at a table with other employees. Walter takes a bite of his sandwich, then takes another u The Beaver. They chew in unison though The Beaver’s bite simply falls in pieces onto the table. The employees look at one another with uncertain expressi
43) 0) text: Employees are gathered around the table. At the head, onl The Beaver is visible, talking. The camera sinks down to reveal Walter under the table. THE BEAVER (V.O. For every person who worries that he’s begun to_conduct meetings from under the table, there’s another to point out that he’s come up with an exciting scenario for the Action Jack line. At the end of those first two weeks, not one person resigns.
47) 0) text: Kids working around him, Walter, eyes his project, thinks continues working. The Beaver grips the hammer in his mou THE BEAVER (V.O. sd And eventually, what Scme strange becomes common. Pull back to reveal that they’re working on a miniature d for The Beaver.
48) 0) text: Henry, Meredith, and Walter eat at the table. They’re smiling, laughing.
51) 0) text: Walter works with a WOMAN at her machine. She holds fabri to The Beaver, takes measurements.
52) 0) text: On tor of Walter’s desk, there’s now an identical, smalle desk for The Beaver. The way it’s set up, you can’t see Walter’s arm. Just two CEO’s at identical desks and now in identical suits.
53) 0) text: Walter and Meredith are drinking wine by candlelight.
54) 0) text: Walter and Meredith are Kissing - The Beaver undoes the buttons on her blouse. She looks nervous.
55) 0) text: Meredith lays in bed looking toward the bathroom. NEW ANGLE shows Walter’s silhouette in the shower. He soa his own head, then the Beaver’s, as we’ve seen before.
63) 0) text: Walter lays in bed, face down. Meredith rolls over, blink awake. She finds herself staring into the large, wide ope plastic eyes of The Beaver.
65) 0) text: Meredith is lying next to Walter, The Beaver on the pillo between them.
69) 0) text: Walter comes out in his pajamas, walks over to Henry, loo over his shoulder. Henry looks up at Walter and The Beave
70) 0) text: Walter comes racing into the room, heads straight for the closet. Meredith sits up in bed.
71) 0) text: Walter works feverishly at a workstation. The VP is the f one in. He spots Walter.
74) 0) text: Walter checks the Beaver in the mirror, shows its big gri He turns The Beaver towards himself.
75) 0) text: Walter emerges from the bathroom pulling on a sharp suit jacket.
76) 0) text: Walter and Meredith step in. We see that he still has The Beaver on his hand, but its not dressed, and not held up. When the hostess looks up at bam, Walter looks nervous, unsure. Then, with his own voice.
76) 1) dialog: Black. Party of two.
81) 0) text: Walter and Meredith are eating. It’s silent. Awkward. Wal keeps The Beaver in his lap. He looks nervous. The WAITER steps over.
81) 6) dialog: It’s good. (beat) Busy. Now Meredith nods. Walter’s face says he’s trying. He doe look depressed. More deer in the headlights. SILENCE. The waiter returns and places a wrapped gift on the table
81) 9) dialog: It's very nice. Thank you.
89) 0) text: Walter enters from the garage. Meredith is waiting at the table. His original card is the only thing in front of he
90) 0) text: Walter splashes water on his face with his free hand. He stands up and looks himself in the mirror. Slowly, he raises his left hand until he and The Beaver a both staring into the mirror.
91) 0) text: Walter steps in. Meredith is sitting on the bed. She look up.
92) 0) text: WALTER SITS stoically, The Beaver raised beside him.
95) 0) text: Henry is loading pieces of wood into the back of the subu when his mother comes out with bags. She looks at him. He looks at her. She can’t bear to tell him no. Porter comes out, tosses his things in. Without a word he gets in the passenger seat, puts on his belt. He’s ready. As Meredith and Henry are finishing up Walter steps into garage. He stands by the door. Henry rushes over to him.
96) 0) text: Walter looks at the dining room table, empty except for h original card.
97) 0) text: Walter stares at the memory box in the trash, the picture spilling out. He can see the top of the one with Meredith his shoulders.
98) 0) text: Walter stares at the hole in the wall.
99) 0) text: From outside, we look through the hole and see Walter sta back at us. As we start to pull back he walks closer until it looks l he’1ll lean down and put his face to the hole. Instead, he reaches Porter's bed and simply falls onto it As he disappears from frame we're left looking into Porte empty room until the camera pulls back and the hole becom just a pinprick of light in the wall. And then the lights go out. FADE TO BLACK.
101) 0) text: Walter flips off the TV as the report ends. He turns to T VP who’s sitting across from him holding a snifter of bra 76. Their voices indicate that they’re a bit on the tipsy sid
101) 21) text: I'm afraid I’m quite serious, mate. I’m as real as you or Walter. The VP is struggling, still hoping this is a joke. He fee obligated to say something.
104) 0) text: Walter stands and shakes hands with Matt Lauer.
105) 0) text: Walter and The VP step out and are immediately mobbed by crowd.
105) 2) text: WALTER AND THE BEAVER on Good Morning America.
110) 0) text: Meredith’s group of women are meeting. Meredith sees a ma reading the paper. ANGLE ON the paper. A headline reads: ECCENTRIC CEO INKS DEAL. THE BEAVER (V.O. So while Walter is signing a deal to write exactly the kind of book he’d once thrown away. Meredith looks away and finds herself staring at the bags under ANN’s chair. She freezes. ANGLE ON the bag to reveal a small plush puppet sticking ANN sees Meredith looking and slyly scoots the bag furthe under her chair.
112) 0) text: Walter and The Beaver are on the cover of several magazin 88. Others feature only The Beaver.
113) 0) text: Walter and The Beaver sit across from TERRI GROSS. The Beaver talks and moves expressively, but Walter himse looks bored.
114) 0) text: Walter is giving a local interview. His head is on the ta as if sleeping, only The Beaver is upright. The Beaver SLAPS him on the head. Walter sits up.
115) 0) text: Walter’s staff is around the table. At the head, The Beav talks away, but Walter is nowhere to be seen. ANGLE ON Walter under the table. He’s bleary eyed, surrou by toy beavers from the Woodchopper kits.
116) 0) text: Walter lays in bed. The Beaver tugs at his hair.
117) 0) text: Walter and The Beaver are on stage with a host, taking questions from the audience. ANGLE ON a monitor as a woman asks a question. The captio reads: WANTS HER MOTHER TO STOP RUNNING HER LIFE. ANGLE ON The Beaver. Walter’s not even in the shot.
118) 0) text: Walter and The Beaver glare at one another in one of thos mirrors surrounded by light bulbs. Neither says a word. They just stare one another down.
119) 0) text: Walter walks in and drops several big bags of luggage. Exhausted, he collapses on the bed without changing cloth
120) 0) text: Walter wakes, still in the same clothes. He looks over at Beaver who is on the pillow next to him, eyes covered wit the eye mask. Walter carefully turns to his night stand and with his fr hand he grabs his cell phone. He scrolls to Meredith, dia He puts the phone to his ear, waits. Then...
120) 2) dialog: gybispering) Meredith. It’s me.
120) 4) dialog: I... I don’t- Suddenly, Walter’s left hand rises off the pillow, the Beaver’s head jerking around, startled.
120) 10) dialog: I have to go. He hangs up. A long SILENCE. Then... Walter SMASHES himself in the face with The Beaver. A moment as Walter stares, shocked, at The Beaver.
120) 16) dialog: I miss them.
120) 19) dialog: I don’t think I can sleep anymore. Maybe we should work on something for a while.
121) 0) text: Walter and The Beaver work at the bench. SAWING. SANDING. HAMMERING. GLUING. Something is taking shape. A box, but it’s longer and skinnier than the memory boxes we’ve seen before. They work on a lid, They round the edges. It’s incredibly elaborate, impressive, artful. They step back, regard the work.
122) 0) text: Walter has opened the garage door. He’s resting on the concrete facing out where the sun is just beginning to ri ANGLE ON Walter and The Beaver, quietly, reverently stari at the dawn. Over his shoulder we can see the workbench and the finish box, lid up. After a moment, The Beaver turns back toward the workbenc then looks at Walter. The bench. Walter. Something sinks
122) 7) dialog: I’m sorry. suddeniy he flips on the TABLE SAW. He puts his left arm the table and grabs the saw handle with his right.
122) 9) dialog: He pulls the saw forward.
125) 0) text: A shelf with copies of THE RESET BUTTON by Walter and The Beaver are marked 90% off.
128) 0) text: ANGLE ON the television where the same DAYTIME TALK SHOW who earlier had Walter on is addressing her audience.
130) 0) text: Walter, wearing hospital issue white, is seated across fr DOCTOR BANKS. They’re working with a prosthetic hand. Walter raises it, looks at it. He seems pleased. The doct seems pleased. 96.
131) 0) text: Walter is in group, surrounded by other patients in white each with varying grips on reality. DOCTOR BANKS is at th center of the semi-circle. Walter raises his prosthetic to talk. Before he’s called NURSE enters.
132) 0) text: Walter sits across the table from Meredith and Henry. Hen passes across a gift bag. Walter looks at it, surprised. He opens it up. He pulls o small hand-carved replica of a brain.
132) 2) dialog: Thank you very much. This will come in handy. A beat.
132) 4) dialog: Maybe. But we’re working on it.
132) 6) dialog: We're... working on it. A beat.
132) 8) dialog: Eat, sleep, talk, don’t hurt yourself. Not the toughest gig. 97. Despite the circumstances Walter seems relatively upbeat, together.
132) 9) dialog: How's Porter? Meredith rolls her eyes.
132) 12) dialog: Sounds like he was too busy to come along. She suddenly finds herself staring at the prosthetic hand
133) 0) text: Henry and Walter hug goodbye. Meredith and Walter follow suit. He’s escorted through a door, waves goodbye. As Meredith and Henry walk away a Doctor falls into step.
134) 0) text: Walter is seated on a couch with other patients facing a but Walter's eyes are on the window. 99. ANGLE ON the window where he can see Meredith getting int the suburban. She backs up, drives on. ANGLE ON Walter as he raises his prosthetic hand, regards FADE TO BLACK.
140) 0) text: We see Walter in the ward. He’s playing a game with other patients. They LAUGH.
141) 0) text: We see Meredith and Walter visiting together. It’s tender quiet. They hold hands.
146) 0) text: Porter and Walter sit across from one another. Walter loo peaceful. SILENCE.
146) 2) dialog: I think so. 107.
146) 4) dialog: They’ re just doctors son. They can’t see the future.
146) 6) dialog: It’s not up to them. A long beat. Porter works up to asking the question he re wants the answer to.
146) 8) dialog: You’re going to be fine. Porter scoffs.
146) 10) dialog: You’re going to be fine. Porter’s tone changes. He’s not combative. He really want the answer.
146) 12) dialog: Because it’s up to you. Another long beat. Then... Porter reaches down, pulls the rubber band off his wrist. puts it around his father’s prosthetic. They look at one another.
148) 0) text: The front door opens. Meredith and Walter come out togeth Walter takes a moment to look around, and then out of now Henry comes streaking across the grounds, wraps himself around Walter’s leg. He hoists the boy onto his shoulders. They walk on.
152) 0) text: Porter sits outside, alone. Thinking. Waiting. Watching. VERY SLOWLY PULL BACK to reveal he’s sitting on a fully loaded backpack. Suddenly, a huge smile spreads across his face as he spot what he’s looking for. 109. NEW ANGLE as Norah pulls up in her loaded car. She presse button. The trunk opens. NEW ANGLE as Porter throws his bag in the trunk. NEW ANGLE as Porter hugs his family. — WALTER (V.0.) This is a picture of Walter Black. Henry gives Porter a wooden compass. He pats his younger brother on the head.
152) 1) dialog: A once hopelessly depressed individual. Porter and Norah get in the car.
152) 2) dialog: Who had to become a beaver. INT. NORAH’S CAR Porter puts the compass in the middle of the dash. The tw them look at one another. They LAUGH.
153) 1) dialog: Who had to become a phenomenon. ANGLE ON the family. They raise their arms, wave goodbye.
153) 2) dialog: So that ultimately this could just be a picture- ANGLE ON Walter’s prosthetic waving goodbye, Porter’s rub band around its wrist.
153) 3) dialog: - of Walter Black. FADE OUT.