2) 1) text: Hey! Have you guys heard of this new drug cocktail called cheese? I saw these news reports so I looked up what cheese is and cheese is a mixture. Cheese is Tylenol PM and heroin. So really, it's heroin. Heroin's doing the heavy lifting. Just do the heroin, it's very powerful. You already have heroin. Kumail looks to see if Bob Dalavan is laughing. He's not there. He's in the back talking to CJ. Fuck. 5 KUMAIL (CONT'D) (pushing through)
30) 2) text: I know you're bummed. Look, Emily's a good person, I'm not saying she's not. All I'm saying is this is the universe telling you: seize your moment. Be a little selfish and pursue your career. Bob Dalavan's gonna be here on Thursday. If you book the Montreal Comedy Festival, it would change things for you. You don't wanna get stuck in Chicago, right? You don't wanna be like Sam Highsmith. He's been doing the "people say Sam" bit since '03. They look at Sam on stage. SAM
31) 1) text: I was watching this monster movie with my friend and he turned to me and was like, "what would you do in that situation?" I'm never going to be one of the last guys alive. I'm going to be the first guy to die. I die so the other characters get to find out something weird is going on. I go off alone to find the cat. Kumail sees Bob Dalavan at a table with CJ. Dalavan listens to Kumail's set and seems into it. KUMAIL (CONT'D)
32) 2) text: Bob Dalavan approaches. BOB DALAVAN Kumail? Hey, Bob Dalavan. KUMAIL Yeah, I know you. BOB DALAVAN You had some very interesting premises in your set tonight.
32) 5) dialog: Who's that? CHRIS Um, me. What about me? DALAVAN You know, funny stuff, okay?
76) 10) text: This next performer, my man, Mr. Kumail Nanjiani! Kumail is dazed. We see Bob Dalavan in the audience.
77) 1) text: Have you guys heard of this new drug cocktail called cheese? Like that's the name of it, it's called cheese. I saw all these news reports, and they were like, there's a new drug, it's called cheese. Everyone's doing it in the Midwest, kids are doing it. Titters. Barely anything. Bob Dalavan not laughing. KUMAIL (CONT'D)