9) 0) text: Kumail is eating brunch with his father, AZMAT, his mother SHARMEEN, his brother, NAVEED, and his sister-in- law, FATIMA. Azmat
9) 14) dialog: You should be on that show Saturday Night Live!
9) 35) text: I'm guessing it's a young, single Pakistani woman who just happened to be driving by our house, which is in a cul- de-sac and I'm also guessing that the phrase "dropped in" will be said in the next ten seconds. AZMAT/NAVEED/FATIMA
22) 21) text: Listen. I understand. You're in America. You wanna mow a few lawns and see what it's like. But eventually you have to marry a Pakistani girl. Like I hung out with other girls. But then I married Fatima. We hardly spoke two words to each other the first few months! But now, Kumi, she's like my best friend. You have to break up with her immediately. KUMAIL
22) 22) text: If I find someone who's as good for me as Fatima is for you, Mom would understand, right? I mean, she wouldn't love me less? NAVEED
30) 23) text: Ok. Watching carefully - Khadija unfolds the bill. Andrew Jackson is now wearing the sunglasses. FATIMA
51) 8) text: I can understand what you're saying. FATIMA (in Urdu)
59) 5) text: She exits. KUMAIL Really, Dad? You said that nobody was gonna come. That it was gonna be just us. NAVEED Hey Kumi, do you know this guy? People say Sam. People say Sam. Do you know him? KUMAIL Yeah, I know. FATIMA He should be on Saturday Night Live. NAVEED
87) 9) text: -- Kumail drives a passenger around. -- Kumail cleans his room. -- Sharmeen, Azmat, Naveed, and Fatima have a family dinner. Kumail's not there. -- Emily does physical therapy with Beth and Terry. -- Kumail drives passengers around. -- Emily, Beth, and Terry eat take out together. -- Kumail at the theater works on his one-man show. 103 -- Emily in bed with Beth sleeping next to her. Terry by himself on the sofa. -- Kumail and CJ put up fliers for Kumail's one man show. -- Kumail makes a Facebook page for his one man show.
88) 0) text: Kumail enters the dining room without knocking on the door. Azmat, Sharmeen, Naveed, and Fatima are eating dinner. Kumail joins them. We see he has another LARGE BAG. KUMAIL
88) 1) text: Ma. Dad. Fatima. Bhai. There's no plate. Oh I forgot. I've decided I won't let you kick me out of the family. Since I am a member of the family, it would stand to reason that I would get a vote in whether or not I get kicked out, and that vote would have to be unanimous. Standard parliamentary procedure. So all those in favor of not kicking Kumail out of the family, raise your hand. Kumail raises his hand. Everyone else stares silently. KUMAIL (CONT'D)