21) 0) text: The room’s filled with green clothes of all kinds. We PAN TO the back where the green wristwatch sits, blinking, unobserved. EXT. KERMIT’S HOUSE All the Muppets are gathered. It’s total chaos as they al greet each other after all these many years. In the background we see Gonzo and Camilla playing tennis. Kermi and Fozzie SEE EACH other.
25) 0) text: Fozzie is doing his routine on stage and people are start to boo. Fozzie continues.
35) 0) text: We see a flashback of the the Muppet Show sign dropping w Fozzie in the “0.” The O breaks off and hangs by one scre It then smashes to the ground. -- Miss Piggy in the “0.” She’s holding on for dear life screaming. -- Sweet Ums in the “0.” Or rather, only the bottom half Sweet Ums. The top half of him is off screen. -- The Muppet Show sign is dropping. There’s no one in th O. Suddenly the O CATCHES FIRE and Gonzo, in a motorcycle FLIES THROUGH THE O. Or rather tries to fly through the O He basically SMASHES right into the 0. He and the rest of the sign catches on fire. Several Muppets put him out wit fire hoses.
70) 3) dialog: So glad to see you all made it, especially with the traffic being so bad. You know what I do to get through traffic? Grin and bear it. No one laughs except for the ABC Executive who’s having a oddly great time. ANGLE ON Kermit getting nervous. He and Rowlf see Sweetums heading for the mysterious lever. He l to Rowlf at the piano and gives him a nod to play him off but again, Rowlf refuses. George Clooney suddenly walks p Kermit and onto the stage.
70) 4) dialog: 
70) 6) dialog: Is it me or is it getting hot in here? Wish I could take off my coat! Waca waca! George Clooney heads onstage behind Fozzie. The audience cheers and laughs. Fozzie smiles, thinking his joke worke out. Then he turns.
70) 7) dialog: George Clooney! Oh my goodness! You made it!!
70) 9) dialog: Wait a minute, I just did almost the same joke! You’11 laugh at his puns but not mine!?!
70) 11) dialog: Not Leatherheads. The crowd erupts in laughter, the ABC Exec chief among th
70) 13) dialog: What? You should be happy. That’s the biggest laugh that movie ever got! The crowd goes nuts. CUT TO A GRID OF CELEBRITIES in their various houses watc their television, including CHRIS ROCK, MARTIN SHORT, JON
76) 0) text: Fozzie comes up to Rowlf, still a tiny bit defensive.
83) 0) text: Scooter’s off stage, panicked. Fozzie on stage looks to Scooter and gestures “What now?” Scooter looks around concerned, sees Chef walking by, grabs him and pushes him onstage.
84) 27) dialog: What’s going on guys?
84) 29) dialog: Oh, slo mo bullet pov! Sorry! Fozzie goes into slo mo as well, blinking. He follows the bullet with his eyes, like a bad actor, mouth open, eyes super wide. The bullet continues on its trajectory toward Kermit and Miss Piggy. Tex is smiling evil-y when Gonzo’s bowling ball suddenly FLIES OFF HIS FINGERS and BLOCKS th bullet! We RESUME NORMAL SPEED!