1) 0) text: We pan through a bedroom who’s walls are covered with posters. Muppet posters. Muppet newspaper clippings. A fr photo of a Time magazine cover which features Kermit stan in front of the rest of the Muppets with a headline that reads “Who's the funniest Muppet.” There is also a row of framed photos, the first is of a y boy with a nondescript brown Puppet. We follow the row of photos as the boy grows progressively older, his puppet always by his side, ageless. We reach the last photo of t row and the boy is now thirty, arm around his puppet. We continue to pan and find the man, Gary, laying in bed peacefully asleep, a contented smile on his face. THE ALA GOES OFF. Gary lazily wakes up.
1) 1) dialog: Walter! Wake up! Today’s the day we go to Los Angeles!!! We widen to reveal Gary’s brown puppet asleep in a smalle bed next to Gary ala Ernie and Bert.
2) 0) text: Gary and Walter exit their small but charming house weari matching Powder Blue suits and brown ties which are way t short with knots that are far too large. They each carry suitcase, Walter’s obviously is far smaller.
2) 1) dialog: Alright old buddy, let’s go grab Mary at School and we’re off to Los Angeles!
3) 0) text: Gary and Walter enter the back of a small classroom where MARY (25) is teaching a class of 3rd Graders.
3) 2) dialog: Hey, so you all ready for our big vacation?!
3) 6) dialog: To Los Angeles!!!!
4) 0) text: Walter, Gary and Mary wait excitedly at the Smalltown bus stop. Mary has her suitcase and a big sack of apples. Aft moment an absolutely pristine, perfectly polished shiny silver old time greyhound bus pulls up with a sign that s “LOS ANGELES” They get on the bus. We watch as the bus pu away, travelling only a few yards before it passes a sign which reads: “NOW LEAVING SMALLTOWN, USA. WE’LL MISS YOU!!!” As they leave Smalltown, USA the population sign drops fr 102 to 99.
5) 0) text: We pan through the bus. Literally everyone is eating one Mary’s apples. We reach Gary, Mary and Walter towards the back of the bus.
5) 2) dialog: I wouldn’t get your hopes up Walter. You know the Muppets broke up. I don’t think they use the studios for anything but tours anymore.
5) 6) dialog: It'll be great. Now if you don’t mind, I think we’re gonna try to get some sleep buddy!
6) 1) dialog: I can’t believe it. Los Angeles!!
6) 6) dialog: Thank you so much!!
6) 9) dialog: Oh...um...I didn’t realize...
6) 11) text: (sotto to Gary) Gary, he’s Superman, you better do what he says. Gary hands over ten bucks. Superman walks away.
6) 12) dialog: Just... unbelievable. I can’t believe we met Superman!!
6) 15) dialog: (checking his itinerary) Our tour isn’t for an hour! Let’s check out Los Angeles!! The group cheers! BEGIN CHECKING OUT LOS ANGELES MONTAGE.
6) 17) dialog: Oh my gosh! We only have twenty minutes to get to the Muppet Studios! Let’s go check into the motel, unpack our things, wash up, change, and get over there!!!!
6) 21) dialog: Don’t worry buddy, that’s not gonna happen. I promise. You have nothing to worry about.
7) 0) text: Walter, Gary, Mary and three or four other really tourist looking visitors are taking a tour of the Muppet Studios, which has now been turned into a Paper Factory. It could be more boring or corporate in appearance.
8) 0) text: Walter comes tearing out of the studio, past security, emitting a high pitched and frantic scream. Gary and Mary chase after him.
9) 0) text: The entire bus stares silently at Walter who continues to out his high pitched scream as he rides. Gary and Mary si beside him, also just staring, confused.
10) 2) dialog: I’ve tried everything I can think of. 11.
10) 4) dialog: (to Walter) Sorry buddy. And Gary SLAPS WALTER, sending him flying.
10) 9) text: Walter runs over and SLAPS GARY sending him flying.
11) 0) text: Gary, Mary and Walter drive through Los Angeles.
11) 4) dialog: That's impossible. The Muppets broke up. No one can get them back together.
11) 9) text: Gary screeches to a halt.
12) 0) text: Gary, Mary and Walter drive while eating HUGE CHILLI DOGS
12) 2) dialog: (mouth full) The hot dog guy told me he lives in Malibu. He’s become some sort of a recluse. He never leaves his house, and nobody ever goes in.
13) 1) dialog: We've been driving for hours. I think it’s time to call it a day.
13) 4) dialog: I’m sorry. It’s too late.
13) 6) dialog: What? She points out the window. Next to them is a GIGANTIC GRE MANSION WITH KERMIT’S FACE ADORNING THE SECURITY GATES.
13) 8) dialog: So what do we do now?
13) 12) dialog: Walter jumps into Gary’s arms. He balls Walter up and HUR WALTER, but he doesn’t quite make it over the fence. Inst he hits the top and gets ELECTROCUTED.
13) 13) dialog: 
13) 19) dialog: 
13) 27) dialog: Well sir, my friend Walter heard some disturbing news today.
13) 32) dialog: When he’s nervous, peanut’s the only thing he can say.
13) 37) dialog: Well, what about the rest of the Muppets?
13) 54) dialog: (panicked) What’s happening?
21) 15) dialog: -- Miss -- 24.
23) 2) dialog: Really a lot more economical.
24) 16) dialog: (sotto) Nice work.
24) 35) dialog: (laughing) Just... Miss... Piggy! She was tickling me. Go back to sleep. (whispering to Piggy) Hey, what’s the big idea? Miss Piggy sees that Kermit has vacated his seat.
30) 14) dialog: Oh, that’s my girlfriend, Mary. She was on the plane with us. Remember? Piggy eyes her skeptically, then puts her arm around Gary
33) 0) text: Kermit and the Muppets enter the Muppet studios. Walter a Gary look around in amazement. Walter starts shaking uncontrollably.
40) 0) text: Gary watches the acts when Mary walks up smiling. 50.
40) 2) dialog: Couldn't be going better! Angle on Stage: Lou Zealand is hurling fish at Walter who pinned to a target. They barely miss him, sticking like daggers in the target.
40) 4) dialog: No, Lou is like, an expert.
40) 6) dialog: A little what?
40) 8) dialog: (smiling) Oh my gosh! You're jealous. That’s so cute. Believe me babe, Miss Piggy is just a friend. Kermit walks into the theater and approaches Mary and Gar
40) 10) dialog: Oh... ok, I’1l be right back. He kisses Mary on the cheek, and Kermit and Mary look aft him as he goes. Kermit sighs and walks off. Mary watches this concerned. INT. PIGGY’S DRESSING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER A knock. Piggy calls out from behind her dressing screen. 51.
40) 12) dialog: (entering) Hi. You wanted to see me? Piggy walks out from behind the screen in a lovely dress.
40) 14) dialog: Oh. Wow. Okay. Sure. EXT. PIGGY’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS Mary comes walking down the hallway towards the bathroom. However, as she passes Piggy’s dressing room she hears:
40) 15) dialog: I really don’t think this will work.
40) 17) dialog: But Piggy, I’m only human.
40) 19) dialog: Okay. I don’t think it’s a good idea, but I’1l try. Mary peeks inside the dressing room and sees GARY trying zip up PIGGY’S DRESS!!!!! Mary looks hurt, and leaves. INT. PIGGY’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS Gary is pulling with all his might on the Zipper, and Pig is clearly in a great deal of pain. Gary gives up and let go, and Piggy is able to breath.
40) 21) dialog: I’m sure we can alter it!
40) 23) dialog: I’m sorry, what?
41) 0) text: All the Muppets are on lunch break. Gary walks up to Walt
41) 1) dialog: (Walter) Hey bud, you seen Mary?
44) 18) dialog: No.
44) 21) dialog: Hi. My name is Gary and this is my friend Walter. Walter just stares lifelessly at the panel.
44) 22) dialog: Say hi Walter. (long beat) Walter.
44) 24) dialog: Buddy, please say something. Sharon hits her buzzer.
44) 26) dialog: No... no I’m not a Ventriloquist. He’s alive, he’s my friend. Sharon rises angrily from her chair.
45) 2) dialog: Yeah. That's right. That was so bad I completely forgot it happened. Don’t worry. There’s no way something like that could ever happen twice in a row. You’ll find your talent and it’1l be great. Gary exits, and Walter looks mortified. INT. MUPPET STUDIOS/KERMIT’S HOUSE/ LOS ANGELES - MONTAGE A montage of the Muppets each practicing their acts in harmony. They are getting better.
46) 0) text: Gary and Piggy rehearse “I’m Your Puppet” on stage. Kermi watches from off stage, jealously. Mary walks in and sees what’s happening. She looks jealous and leaves. INT. ABC PRESIDENT’S OFFICE - DAY It’s a gigantic office, like way, way too big with a gian oil painting of the ABC President right above his desk. T ABC Exec pokes her head in.
53) 0) text: Mary and Gary sit across from each other at a fancy restaurant. Both are dressed up and look great.
53) 1) dialog: You look beautiful. I’m sorry I haven't been around lately but, well, happy anniversary.
53) 3) dialog: Good...you know. Miss Piggy can be a bit of a handful but we’re getting through it. I sure miss you though, I‘1l tell you that. She smiles and they hold hands. The Maitre ‘D approaches table with a broken arm.
53) 5) dialog: (caught) No. It’s just the two of us. Actually, it’s our anniversary. He leaves. Mary stares at Gary. GARY (CONT’D) We were just picking up food for everyone. Then Piggy wanted to have some truffles and next thing I knew it was three hours later and the local supply of truffles had run dry.
53) 7) dialog: I understand. But, I mean...it’s not like I wrote it. Mary looks at Gary, who looks down guiltily.
53) 8) dialog: I understand. I just couldn’t have anticipated any of this would happen. But I promise you, you are the number one thing in my life. 68. Tex Richman in disguise approaches holding a magazine.
53) 10) dialog: Me. Sure, but...why?
53) 12) dialog: I can explain! His phone rings. He looks down and sees the caller ID rea LA COUNTY JAIL. He answers. GARY (CONT’D) Hello? PIGGY!?! What are you...you’re where?!?! All of you? Okay I’1l be right down!! Gary hangs up and turns to Mary to explain, only to find SHE IS GONE. She’s left a present. Gary opens it. It’s a framed photo of Mary, Gary and Walter.
57) 0) text: Mary is at her desk as her class takes a quiz when an inv is slipped under door. She opens the invite. It reads “Ms Mary Greggs and Her Class Are Invited to see the Muppets Perform as a guest of Gary Stevens.” She opens the door. PIGGY IS STANDING THERE WAITING, DRESSED TO THE NINES.
58) 2) dialog: So, are you good to go, buddy? What’s your act gonna be! I’m dying to know!?! Are you excited!?!
58) 4) dialog: Are you shaking?
65) 0) text: Walter watches the show on his monitor, much more confide now that there’s no audience. Gary, in a tuxedo, checks i
65) 1) dialog: You feeling a little better?
69) 0) text: People stream into the audience, filling it up. INT. WALTER’S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT Gary pokes his head in. Walter could not be more relaxed.
69) 1) dialog: Great news! The theater’s packed! 81. Walter instantly starts shaking, turns to Gary.
69) 3) dialog: Of course, buddy. Everything will be great! And just so you know... I’m nervous too.
79) 0) text: Gary runs up to Mary and her class.
79) 2) dialog: I wanted to thank you for coming. 88.
79) 4) dialog: I love you.
80) 0) text: Kermit looks from Mary and Gary kissing to Piggy who star dramatically at a beautiful sunset and ocean vista as a w gently blows her hair. Kermit NERVOUSLY GOES over to her. REVEAL that she’s standing in front of an ocean vista set that a fan is pointed her way.
81) 0) text: The curtain opens. Kermit’s in a tux on a crescent moon p with Miss Piggy in a chiffon bridal gown. The band starts playing, Animal still not at the drums. Miss Piggy and Kermit sing “I’M YOUR PUPPET.” The graph SPIKES TO 9.5 MILLION VIEWERS!!! The audience claps. Gary and Mary watc on smiling. 90.
81) 1) dialog: I should go check on Walter! He’s up next! They peck and he heads backstage. INT. WALTER’S DRESSING ROOM Gary opens the door. Walter’s gone, the window broken.
81) 2) dialog: Oh no. Kermit arrives, excited.
81) 4) dialog: He must have gotten stage fright!
82) 1) dialog: What’re you doing, Walter? gl. Walter turns to find Gary running up to him.
82) 3) dialog: This is where people always go when they’re running away from a personal challenge. See? REVEAL that there’s a woman dressed as the witch from Wic Conan O’Brien and a guy in a Jack in the Box uniform.
82) 7) dialog: Are you sure? I mean this is your big chance... WALTER JUMPS ONTO GARY’S ARM AND SLAPS HIM.
82) 9) dialog: Anything you need buddy. You still remember our routine?
84) 8) dialog: We're friends... 93.
84) 10) dialog: Until the end...
84) 12) dialog: And nothing, no sir, nothing... Without warning, Gary TOSSES Walter off his hand and onto stage! IN SLOW MOTION, Walter flies through the air and gives Gary a “what are you doing” look. Walter lands, lim on the stage. The audience lets out a SHOCKED GASP! A lon silent moment. GARY (CONT’D) (sotto to Walter) C'mon, Walt. You can do it. This is your big chance, I’m not letting you pass it up. Long beat. Then Walter sits up.
84) 17) dialog: Can tear!
84) 19) dialog: Apart!i!!t! Gary tosses Walter up into a triple flip which really jus looks like someone threw a puppet up into the air. He dro onto the ground on his feet. THE CROWD GOES NUTS! Phone’s are ringing off the hook! The graph spikes to 9.9 Million viewers. The crowd rises to its feet in anticipation as t graph ticks closer to 10 million. Muppets run on stage exuberantly and hug Walter and Gary and each other. Gonzo bowling ball still spinning in his arm dances around the stage. Suddenly the lights go out and house lights come o Tex Richman HAS APPEARED on stage. He pulls a GIANT RIFLE OUT and points it at Kermit and Miss Piggy. THE GRAPH ABRUPTLY STOPS AT 9,999,999.
88) 12) dialog: It was all him./It was all him.