1) 0) text: We pan through a bedroom who’s walls are covered with posters. Muppet posters. Muppet newspaper clippings. A fr photo of a Time magazine cover which features Kermit stan in front of the rest of the Muppets with a headline that reads “Who's the funniest Muppet.” There is also a row of framed photos, the first is of a y boy with a nondescript brown Puppet. We follow the row of photos as the boy grows progressively older, his puppet always by his side, ageless. We reach the last photo of t row and the boy is now thirty, arm around his puppet. We continue to pan and find the man, Gary, laying in bed peacefully asleep, a contented smile on his face. THE ALA GOES OFF. Gary lazily wakes up.
6) 18) text: Our heroes come running up to the Muppet Studios out of breath, showered and changed. Walter is wearing a Kermit shirt. He takes a moment to admire the huge sculpture of Kermit which adorns the studio. He begins to tremble a bi Mary puts her arm around him.
7) 3) text: I'm afraid not. Now its where trees are turned into mulch and pressed into colored construction paper. It’s filled with toxic chemicals. The tour guide continues walking. He passes a very small bungalow. TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D) And this used to be Kermit’s office, it’s perfectly preserved inside, just as Kermit left it. You really should see it. (beat, then continues walking) Now this next building is where they put the lines on paper to make lined paper. Let’s go inside and take a look. The tour follows, all except for Walter, who lags behind staring at Kermit’s office. He takes a sneaky look to the group, who all look extremely bored, and decides to make move. INT. KERMIT’S OLD OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER Walter opens the door to Kermit’s office. There is dust a cobwebs everywhere, though everything seems to be untouch There are framed photos on the walls of Kermit with all s of celebrities, including one with Jim Henson. He passes a shelf with many award statues: An Emmy, An Os A Grammy, An NAACP Award, A Nobel Prize, An Olympic Medal is in awe, when SUDDENLY THE DOOR BURST OPEN. Walter ducks behind the desk for cover. In walk STATLER a WALDORF, who are giving a tour to a man in a suit anda cowboy hat. This is TEX RICHMAN, and for now, he seems ni enough. He is with several of his “associates,” including unnatractive Bear puppet called Bobo.
7) 6) text: I’ve loved the Muppets since I was just a boy. And what better way sirs, to honor the Muppets than to make this beautiful studio a Muppet museum. A shrine if you will. I think I’1l call this room -- The Kermit’s Office Room.
13) 21) dialog: Hi ho. A long beat. No one knows what to do. BUZZZZZ. Like a scene from the Wizard of Oz, Gary, Walter Mary stand frozen as the huge gates open to Kermit’s mans After a long beat, Kermit emerges from his front door and walks towards them. He looks the same physically, but he walks very slowly with a cane and wears a Hugh Hefneresqu smoking jacket. As he limps towards them, our group takes what is by any stretch, a sad sight. Kermit is old.
13) 23) dialog: Are you crying? No, I was just... He throws down his cane, does a perfect summersault, and begins tap dancing. The gang watches confused.
13) 24) dialog: I was just kidding. It’s the whole Willy Wonka thing. I’ve just always wanted to do that. Come on in! INT. KERMIT’S MANSION - LATER Kermit, Gary and an EMBARRASSINGLY STAR STRUCK WALTER sit Kermit’s lavish living room.
13) 26) dialog: No, not at all. I love people. After I retired, that rumor got started and then people just stopped coming by. It gets kind of lonely. I’m actually glad you came by. So, what brings you here?
13) 28) dialog: (to Walter) Oh yeah, what’s that? All turn to Walter who just stares at Kermit, trembling.
13) 29) dialog: What’s the matter, cat got your tongue? Walter NODS vigorously. Kermit BENDS DOWN and grabs his c
13) 30) dialog: C'mon, Miss Fluffy. This is neither the time nor the place. The cat SPITS OUT a puppet tongue. Kermit hands the tongu to Walter who reattaches it to his mouth. They watch for painfully long beat as Walter starts shaking again, harde and harder. Finally:
13) 34) dialog: Oil Barron Tex Richman is gonna tear down the studio to drill for oil!?? And the only thing that’1l save it is if we put on a show that gets ten million viewers within two weeks!?!?
13) 36) dialog: Put on a show? I couldn’t do that on my own.
13) 38) dialog: I haven't been in touch with those guys in years.
13) 40) dialog: It’s easier said than done. Kermit’s face falls.
13) 41) dialog: SINGS “I MISS THE MUPPETS” SONG. As Kermit sings he walks down a hallway of photos and memories. When he reaches the end of the hallway, he awkwardly turns around and sings about the same memories passed once again, however, this time he sings about how impossible it’ll be to get back together because they all have gripes with each other now.
13) 42) dialog: (a song version of this) We would need someone to rally around, someone young and innocent and not specifically any one sort of animal or figure in particular. Someone like...well... (reaching Walter) «you. 17.
13) 44) dialog: You could be. You seem a little... Muppety. What’s your talent? Walter starts shaking.
13) 46) dialog: Of course you do. Everyone does. You just have to find it.
13) 48) dialog: (smiling sweetly) I don’t know it’s just sort of... in you. Don’t worry, you'll find it. It’s funny, but you sort of remind me of me when I was young. Walter immediately faints.
13) 49) dialog: Now where were we? Ah yes, Muppets. Kermit hits a button and his wet bar SPINS AROUND reveali GIANT GREEN BUTTON.
13) 51) dialog: It’s the Muppet Emergency Put ona Show Beacon... to be pressed only in case we need to put on a show. I outfitted every Muppet with one of these. Kermit shows our guys his green wristwatch.
13) 52) dialog: As soon as that’s pressed, all the Muppets shall be alerted. Will you do the honors? 18. Walter walks over, lifts the glass shield and very tentatively hits the button. The button lights up BRIGHT GREEN. Suddenly SIRENS DROP DOWN all over Kermit’s house. EXT. KERMIT’S HOUSE Batman-style SPOTLIGHTS with a M SHOOT into the NIGHT SKY INT. KERMIT’S HOUSE Kermit starts RUNNING BACK AND FORTH with his arms in the air, doing a fulls scale MUPPET-PANIC.
13) 53) dialog: Ahhhhh!
13) 55) dialog: It’s an emergency! We have to panic! After a beat, Gary, Kermit, Mary and Walter all start run back and forth with their arms up. EXT. CAESAR’S PALACE A sign that says “FOZZIE BEAR ROAST.” INT. CAESAR'S PALACE — CONTINUOUS A line of comedians including Bob Saget, Gilbert Gottfrie Jeff Garlin, Cloris Leachman, and Lisa Lampanelli roast Fozzie. Fozzie pulls his hat off and wipes his face with His watch goes off, and he runs offstage in a panic as Li continues, though all of her curse words are Meeped out w an oddly familiar MEEP...
21) 0) text: The room’s filled with green clothes of all kinds. We PAN TO the back where the green wristwatch sits, blinking, unobserved. EXT. KERMIT’S HOUSE All the Muppets are gathered. It’s total chaos as they al greet each other after all these many years. In the background we see Gonzo and Camilla playing tennis. Kermi and Fozzie SEE EACH other.
21) 2) dialog: Why would you think that?
21) 4) dialog: I stopped calling you because you stopped calling me! 23. INT. KERMIT’S MANSION/FOZZIE'S HOUSE - SPLIT SCREEN-
21) 7) dialog: Me too!!! They hug. Kermit JUMPS on a table and taps a glass.
21) 8) dialog: Hey, everyone. Hello. HELLO
21) 10) dialog: Alright, looks like we got everyone so we can start planning our emergency show.
21) 12) dialog: Nope. I think we’ve got everyone.
21) 14) dialog: All good!
21) 16) dialog: All done here!
21) 25) dialog: Good point. (hitting a button) Sam, let’s travel by map!
23) 3) dialog: Why don’t we always travel by map?
24) 13) dialog: (very fast) Alright, we tried. Kermit and all the Muppets start to leave.
24) 19) dialog: Memories are good, but they can also be a prison.
24) 21) dialog: I thought you weren't going to get all black and white on me. The movie goes back to color.
24) 23) dialog: Because... the French... eat frog legs!
24) 27) dialog: Look Piggy, this is bigger than just us, it’s about the whole gang! You have to come back with us. The Muppets studio is in trouble and if we don’t put on a show it’s going to be lost forever! Piggy considers.
24) 29) dialog: OK, great. Sounds good. Let’s go. Kermit starts walking. INT. KERMIT’S JET The whole gang is now on the jet. Miss Piggy and Kermit a sitting on opposite sides of the jet.
27) 0) text: Electric Mayhem is finishing their song and Animal ends w one of his wild drum solos. He gets more and more intense begins eating and bashing his drums to smithereens. The c LOVES it. WE PAN TO BACKSTAGE where Kermit holds a bank statement that says “Drum Budget: $0.00.” Electric Mayhem finishes to a standing ovation and the curtain closes. Ke goes up to Animal. The panting and still agitated Animal bounces over to Kermit.
27) 1) dialog: Animal, listen, we’re running out of money in the drum budget. So I found a place that might be able to help you... calm down. Kermit hands Animal a piece of paper. Animal takes the pi of paper and EATS it. BACK TO THE JET: KERMIT and MISS PIGGY LOCK EYES. INT. KERMIT’S JET - MOMENTS AGO - FLASHBACK Gary and Piggy laugh together. Kermit looks on jealously. BACK TO THE JET: ALL THE MUPPETS and KERMIT LOCK EYES. 32.
28) 0) text: The Muppets are lined up for a photo shoot. Just before t photographer takes a photo, Kermit runs up to him and rai his hand. The photographer snaps the photo. The photo tur into the cover of TIME magazine with a headline that read “Who’s the Best Muppet?” Kermit stands in the foreground raising his hand, while the rest of the Muppets sit in th background. BACK TO THE JET: It’s incredibly silent and awkward. Anim pulls out his flute and plays a brief burst. Then it’s silent again.
28) 11) dialog: Guys, stop fighting! (then) We were all the most popular.
28) 13) dialog: (hurt and defensive) That's just... I’ve told you, I never tried to...I can’t help it if... you know what, nevermind. Awkward silence on the plane. The Muppets stare forward n making eye contact. We see why they haven’t kept in touch long and painful silence. WALTER starts singing softly.
28) 18) dialog: 
28) 23) dialog: (TRULY THRILLED)
28) 27) dialog: Well, of course.
28) 29) dialog: I’m not the Man. First of all I’m a frog.
29) 10) dialog: Oh, well, I invested in Apple stock twenty years ago.
29) 12) dialog: You guys are welcome to stay here whenever you want. I have twenty eight bedrooms.
29) 17) dialog: Not this again. Piggy, it’s been ten years, why won’t you let me explain! !
30) 2) dialog: I have to go to the little tadpole’s room really badly. Where is it? The Photographer TAKES the photo.
30) 5) dialog: I swear. The Photographer took the photo and used it without my permission. It was a simple miscommunication caused by my tiny amphibian-sized bladder! 39. TIGHT ON MISS PIGGY as we go into QUICK CUTS FLASHBACK -- Miss Piggy and Kermit in a line at the airport. acting really antsy because he has to pee. Kermit is -- Kermit and Miss Piggy are in a theater. Kermit’s openi and closing his legs really fast because he has to pee so badly. -- Miss Piggy and Kermit are at the altar. Kermit holds u his finger and runs behind a bush.
30) 7) dialog: That was kind of an unnecessarily personal flashback to share, dontcha think?
30) 16) dialog: Mary’s right! Let’s get to the network before we run out of time! ANGLE ON Chef who is holding an empty jar of Thyme.
32) 0) text: Kermit sits across from an ABC executive who looks very uncomfortable. Most likely, this is because ALL OF THE OT MUPPETS ARE ALSO CRAMMED INTO THE ROOM. There is literall SPACE TO MOVE.
32) 2) dialog: What internet movies? The Exec flips on her computer. They see Beaker’s youtube “Ode to Joy.” Beaker guiltily leaves the meeting.
32) 17) dialog: Before I go...well, there’s just something I want to say. I think children are smarter and better than all this junk. Sure, they’1l watch that stuff if you don’t offer them anything else, but we have a chance to make this world better and more fun! You’re not going to do that by filling their heads with robots and violence or with rich kids shopping or with boring floating numbers, you’re going to do it by filling their heads with laughter and friendship and hope. (MORE )
32) 19) dialog: I just think... well, I know we're not famous anymore but I want you to know I think you’re making a big mistake. Kermit nods, and reaches for the door handle to leave.
32) 21) dialog: I am?
32) 23) dialog: Oh.
33) 0) text: Kermit and the Muppets enter the Muppet studios. Walter a Gary look around in amazement. Walter starts shaking uncontrollably.
33) 4) dialog: Everything but the theater.
34) 0) text: Kermit stands before all the Muppets.
34) 1) dialog: Alright, guys! It’s time to practice! Let’s start with our opening! Electric Karma starts the Muppet Theme. There are no drum because Animal’s playing the flute. None of the Muppets c keep time as they march in.
34) 6) dialog: Because I’m the only one who can fit in the oO.
36) 1) dialog: Look, guys, let’s not argue. Maybe we're just jumping too far ahead. Let’s see some acts!
36) 4) dialog: Oh, wait... NOT THE BOWLING BALL TRICK! No!! Don’t do it Gary!!! He’1l kill you!!! The Muppets all turn and hush Kermit. Walter turns to Ker
38) 2) dialog: 
38) 5) dialog: Okay, next. Bunsen and Beaker! Bunsen and Beaker pull back a curtain immediately behind Gonzo where they stand next to a mysterious device.
38) 14) dialog: Wait. The dial here says slow, slower and perfect pasta? Why the perfect pasta setting?
38) 16) dialog: (to Gonzo) Gonzo, you do stunts! That’s what the people expect. The Muppets aren’t about cheap tricks. We're about actual talent! Now you have to promise if you do this stunt, you won’t be using that freezing time machine. Gonzo nods and skulks off.
38) 17) dialog: Now, who’s next? MONTAGE OF MUPPETS PERFORMING THEIR ACTS. Everyone is terrible. -- Fozzie Bear does his stand-up act. In the BG, Scooter’ on a pogo stick.
39) 0) text: Kermit stands on the stage. 49.
39) 1) dialog: Alright, now let’s see Walter's act.
39) 3) dialog: Yup. Walter begins shaking and then runs offstage.
39) 4) dialog: Okay...let’s see. Who else is left here? All the Muppets look at Kermit. He realizes he’s the last one to do an act. INT. MISS PIGGY’S DRESSING ROOM There’s a knock at the door. Miss Piggy turns. Kermit pok his head in. He notices a bottle of hair dye labelled: JU FOR PIGS, but looks away respectfully.
39) 5) dialog: Ready to practice our duet?
39) 7) dialog: But Piggy, we have to. The audience expects it.
40) 9) dialog: Hey, umm... sorry to interrupt, but Miss Piggy wanted to talk to you about something Gary. She’s in her dressing room.
41) 3) dialog: Alright, everyone. Let’s practice the opening again. No one is listening to him. Kermit grabs a megaphone.
41) 4) dialog: 
41) 9) dialog: Oh. Okay, but let’s eat up then, cause we really should get back to work. We don’t have much time.
41) 21) dialog: That’s right! And even if we don’t... even if somehow you do own the studio. It wouldn’t matter. We're friends, and we’ll keep on being the Muppets even if we need to find another place to perform!!!
41) 27) dialog: Yes.
42) 0) text: Kermit sits in the Witness chair. Our Muppets sit in the box, and Sam the Eagle presides as Judge. Janice and Scoo sit as Prosecution and Defense, and the rest of our Muppe sit in the pews and watch the proceedings.
42) 1) dialog: I swear, I had no idea. It was thirty years ago! I had never signed a contract before! Janice stands.
42) 3) dialog: That’s not a contract, that’s a receipt for my Banjo.
42) 5) dialog: I didn’t have time to read the fine print! And besides, you all wanted me to sign...remember!?!?!
43) 0) text: Kermit stands over the MASSIVE CONTRACT surrounded by the Muppets. He is glancing through it. 57.
43) 2) dialog: Don’t you think we should read...
44) 1) dialog: I swear, I would never have done this on purpose. Please, you’ve got to...
44) 3) dialog: You’re not supposed to say that. The Muppets consider.
44) 7) dialog: There's fifty rooms in this house, and I ran out of ideas, so I thought... how about a courtroom? Glad it finally came in handy.
44) 13) dialog: You stay here!
44) 15) dialog: Cause if you’re going to join the gang you gotta figure out your act! By tomorrow night! He pats Walter on the back and leaves. 59.
47) 0) text: Kermit gets a call. In the background we see Beaker spinn plates on sticks. SPLIT SCREEN BETWEEN HIM AND THE ABC EXECUTIVE.
47) 2) dialog: It’s going great! Really great!
47) 4) dialog: Iam. Like always.
47) 19) dialog: C'mon, Jack. You seem like someone who loves fun?
47) 22) dialog: Thanks a lot, mister, but we need big stars. 64. Mel Brooks motions to a waiter, Tex Richman IN DISGUISE a whispers in his ear.
47) 25) dialog: I didn’t realize Chinese restaurants had security. A bunch of ninjas drop down and pull them away. INT. KERMIT’S MANSION Walter tries playing saxophone. It sounds awful
55) 10) dialog: (sadly) We give up. Everyone gasps in shock.
55) 11) dialog: We tried. We tried everything we could think of. I’m sorry if I let you guys down, but I guess... well I guess this is the end of the Muppets. I love you guys, but I don’t know what else to do. Kermit turns and walks out of the room, beaten. EXT. KERMIT’S MANSION —- CONTINUOUS Kermit walks out onto his patio and gazes out at the full moon sadly. Stars twinkle behind him. From behind, we wat Kermit wipe a tear from his eye. 70. INT. KERMIT’S MANSION - CONTINUOUS Our dejected heroes sit in shock at their leader’s surren A long moment of silence. Finally, Miss Piggy rises and w out the glass doors onto the veranda. EXT. KERMIT’S MANSION —- CONTINUOUS Miss Piggy sees Kermit and walks towards him. She takes a place next to him and the two stand, backs to camera, fra the full moon. They stare at it in silence for a beat, th Miss Piggy turns to Kermit who continues gazing at the sk
55) 13) dialog: 
55) 16) dialog: It’s time to get our big star and save the studio! The gang all cheers and follows. Once the living room is empty, Piggy crosses frame after them, slowly and annoyed 71.
56) 0) text: Kermit, alone, walks tentatively to the front door and ri the bell. Finally, the door opens revealing Jack Black in his pajamas with a Guitar Hero guitar around his neck eat a sandwich.
56) 2) dialog: I just wanted to talk to you about the benefit show --
56) 6) dialog: No, we...
56) 8) dialog: Ummm. .... PEANUT! !!! He joins the fray, leaving Piggy standing alone, puckerin 72.
60) 0) text: The ABC Executive walks up to Kermit and Scooter.
60) 2) dialog: Scooter, did you remember to pass out the fliers?
60) 4) dialog: The time of the show... it’s wrong! Dubai!! That’s a totally irrational location for a Muppet Reunion!!
62) 1) dialog: It’ll be OK. We’ll think of something.
63) 0) text: Kermit stands before all the Muppets.
63) 1) dialog: So we’ve encountered a tiny little totally not a big deal obstacle which is that we lack an audience. The Muppets get upset, although Walter’s relieved. 76.
63) 3) dialog: You guys still want to do this?
63) 15) dialog: So, what do you say? The Muppets all look to each other considering. Smiles cr onto their faces. Scooter runs in.
64) 2) dialog: It’s the Best Muppet Show benefit Ever Made with our special guest, Jack Black! WHIP PAN to Jack Black who’s tied up in a chair.
66) 0) text: Kermit stands center stage.
66) 1) dialog: And so once this graph -- Dr. Honeydew pulls a curtain revealing a GIANT LIGHT UP G SHAPED LIKE AN OIL FOUNTAIN.
66) 2) dialog: -- hits ten million viewers we get to keep the studio!!! Mary and her class clap.
66) 3) dialog: Right now we're at five hundred viewers. Only 9999500 viewers left to go! And by the way... We have plenty of room here in the audience... (swing to empty audience) .»».so if you wanna come down and see the show live... well, we've got room for you!! Kermit turns to Jack Black.
66) 4) dialog: So, Jack Black, are you excited or what?
70) 2) dialog: We'll get to see what happens with Head Bowling later in the show! And now FOZZIE BEAR! !!! Jack and Gonzo get rolled off stage, Gonzo’s arm still spinning, Jack still flinching. Fozzie comes onstage.
71) 0) text: GONZO is surrounded by Dr. Honeydew, Kermit, the ABC Executive and SEVERAL MUPPET DOCTORS who are trying to de the bowling ball from his rapidly spinning arm. He KNOCKS few of the doctors away. Jack is still tied up in his cha flinching.
71) 2) dialog: What're you doing?
71) 5) dialog: But if you go down -- 84.
72) 0) text: Kermit REAPPEARS on the television. The camera work is terrible. Half Kermit’s head is off screen.
72) 1) dialog: Sorry about that little technical difficulty! Now let’s give a round of applause for Dr. Teeth and Electric Mayhem!!! INT. TEX RICHMAN’S SUPER HIGH TECH NERVE CENTER Tex Richman and Bobo are in the nerve center.
80) 0) text: Kermit looks from Mary and Gary kissing to Piggy who star dramatically at a beautiful sunset and ocean vista as a w gently blows her hair. Kermit NERVOUSLY GOES over to her. REVEAL that she’s standing in front of an ocean vista set that a fan is pointed her way.
80) 2) dialog: Listen Piggy. I’ve been doing some thinking.
80) 4) dialog: What was that?
80) 6) dialog: And, well... I was just wondering if maybe, you might want to... 89.
80) 12) dialog: It’s not about the duet. I’ve missed all of you so much. But the person I missed the most is you. I’d rather be legless than not be with you.
80) 15) dialog: She smiles at Kermit and they walk out of frame together.
81) 0) text: The curtain opens. Kermit’s in a tux on a crescent moon p with Miss Piggy in a chiffon bridal gown. The band starts playing, Animal still not at the drums. Miss Piggy and Kermit sing “I’M YOUR PUPPET.” The graph SPIKES TO 9.5 MILLION VIEWERS!!! The audience claps. Gary and Mary watc on smiling. 90.
81) 3) dialog: Alright!!! It’s time for the big closer, is he ready?? Kermit sees the broken window and SCREAMS!!!
81) 5) dialog: (to Gary) We've got to find him! Let’s split up! Go! GO! (Gary exits, then to Scooter) Find someone to fill! We’ve almost made it!!!
84) 28) dialog: Ixnay ormalnay eedspay!
84) 56) dialog: We did do it. And we did it together!!! WE’RE BACK!! (to the Muppets) And if it’s okay with you guys. (to the audience) And if it’s okay with all of you, well, we want to bring back The Muppet Show! I want to do this every week! With more acts, and more laughter and more fun! What do you say!?! All the Muppets and the crowd erupts in cheers. Miss Pigg and Kermit hug. The Muppets go into a FINAL GIANT MUSICAL
84) 61) dialog: I think we’re done here, Animal.
84) 64) dialog: Someone stop him! Mortar and bricks fly out of the hole as Animal digs hims deeper and deeper. Then silence...
88) 8) dialog: Terrific dancing, Walter. One of the best Muppet performances I’ve ever seen!! We’d be really happy if you wanted to join us on the Muppet Show! 101. Beat...
88) 18) dialog: Sorry sir. Not this time. Not without my friends. The Muppets all look to each other and smile. They gather put their arms around each other. 102.