3) 0) text: Gary and Walter enter the back of a small classroom where MARY (25) is teaching a class of 3rd Graders.
3) 1) dialog: So, I hope you all have an amazing spring vacation! Try to study your timetables in between having a whole lotta fun!!! Love you kids! See you in two weeks!! The kids all rise and head out. One by one, they each han Mary an apple until she is left with thirty or so apples. Gary approaches and gives her a small kiss.
3) 5) dialog: You bet Walter! Now let me grab a sack for these apples and let’s get going! To Los Angeles!!
4) 0) text: Walter, Gary and Mary wait excitedly at the Smalltown bus stop. Mary has her suitcase and a big sack of apples. Aft moment an absolutely pristine, perfectly polished shiny silver old time greyhound bus pulls up with a sign that s “LOS ANGELES” They get on the bus. We watch as the bus pu away, travelling only a few yards before it passes a sign which reads: “NOW LEAVING SMALLTOWN, USA. WE’LL MISS YOU!!!” As they leave Smalltown, USA the population sign drops fr 102 to 99.
5) 0) text: We pan through the bus. Literally everyone is eating one Mary’s apples. We reach Gary, Mary and Walter towards the back of the bus.
5) 4) dialog: Actually Global Warming is a very real---
6) 2) dialog: We're really here!
6) 7) dialog: (pulling out her camera) I'll take it! She snaps a picture of the three of them.
6) 13) dialog: Guys, I don’t think that was the real---
6) 18) text: Our heroes come running up to the Muppet Studios out of breath, showered and changed. Walter is wearing a Kermit shirt. He takes a moment to admire the huge sculpture of Kermit which adorns the studio. He begins to tremble a bi Mary puts her arm around him.
6) 19) dialog: Don’t be nervous Walter. It’1ll be great!
7) 0) text: Walter, Gary, Mary and three or four other really tourist looking visitors are taking a tour of the Muppet Studios, which has now been turned into a Paper Factory. It could be more boring or corporate in appearance.
8) 0) text: Walter comes tearing out of the studio, past security, emitting a high pitched and frantic scream. Gary and Mary chase after him.
9) 0) text: The entire bus stares silently at Walter who continues to out his high pitched scream as he rides. Gary and Mary si beside him, also just staring, confused.
10) 1) dialog: (to Gary) Gary, you've got to do something.
10) 3) dialog: There’s got to be something. Gary considers.
11) 0) text: Gary, Mary and Walter drive through Los Angeles.
11) 2) dialog: People still talk like that?
11) 6) dialog: Yeah, but how do we find him? No one’s seen Kermit in years. Not since he retired. 12. They drive past PINK’S HOT DOGS where a man with a STAR M SIGN is set up in front.
12) 0) text: Gary, Mary and Walter drive while eating HUGE CHILLI DOGS
13) 2) dialog: (seeing something) Guys?
13) 5) dialog: Guys!? 13.
13) 10) dialog: What if we...
13) 16) dialog: Guys, I have an idea... 14.
13) 25) dialog: I thought you were a recluse? 15.
13) 50) dialog: What... is... that?
24) 34) dialog: (half asleep, not opening her eyes) What’s so funny?
30) 9) dialog: Sorry to interrupt guys, but if we're going to get a show on tv in time to save the studio, we really gotta shake a leg! (then, confused) What’re you doing? REVEAL all the Muppets are shaking their legs.
30) 10) dialog: I mean we gotta kick it into high gear! 40. REVEAL Gonzo’s on a motorcycle changing into high gear.
30) 11) dialog: No! I’m just saying we’re already playing catch up. REVEAL all the Muppets are holding Ketchup bottles and hitting them with spoons. Mary puts her arm on Kermit’s shoulder.
30) 12) dialog: You talk to them, Kermit. Piggy takes notice of her hand.
40) 0) text: Gary watches the acts when Mary walks up smiling. 50.
40) 1) dialog: Hey, Gary, how’s it going?
40) 3) dialog: Wow, that looks dangerous.
40) 5) dialog: Look, I don’t mean to be weird but do you think Miss Piggy was a little...
40) 7) dialog: I don’t know, she didn’t seem to like me very much. Not nearly as much as she liked you at least.
46) 0) text: Gary and Piggy rehearse “I’m Your Puppet” on stage. Kermi watches from off stage, jealously. Mary walks in and sees what’s happening. She looks jealous and leaves. INT. ABC PRESIDENT’S OFFICE - DAY It’s a gigantic office, like way, way too big with a gian oil painting of the ABC President right above his desk. T ABC Exec pokes her head in.
53) 0) text: Mary and Gary sit across from each other at a fancy restaurant. Both are dressed up and look great.
53) 2) dialog: To you as well. So...how’s your duet practicing going? 67.
53) 6) dialog: I don’t know Gary. I didn’t want to do this, especially not on our anniversary but... it just seems like you don’t even think about me anymore. This was supposed to be our anniversary vacation and I feel like I’ve just disappeared for the last thirty minutes of the movie. Gary looks a bit guilty.
57) 0) text: Mary is at her desk as her class takes a quiz when an inv is slipped under door. She opens the invite. It reads “Ms Mary Greggs and Her Class Are Invited to see the Muppets Perform as a guest of Gary Stevens.” She opens the door. PIGGY IS STANDING THERE WAITING, DRESSED TO THE NINES.
57) 1) dialog: Oh. Hello.
57) 3) dialog: Um. Alright. Did you just slip this letter under the door?
57) 5) dialog: How did you get here?
57) 7) dialog: Kermit?
57) 9) dialog: Gary.
57) 11) dialog: Mary.
57) 13) dialog: Gary.
57) 15) dialog: Kermit?
79) 0) text: Gary runs up to Mary and her class.
79) 1) dialog: What’re you doing out here? Don’t you still have to perform?
79) 3) dialog: Miss Piggy invited me. She explained everything. And then we sang about how hard it is to be a woman in a man’s world. It was really inspiring.
79) 5) dialog: And I love you. Mary and Gary kiss. ANGLE ON THE CURTAIN: Kermit, peering from behind the curtain, sees them kissing and realizes Gary’s not dating Piggy.
80) 0) text: Kermit looks from Mary and Gary kissing to Piggy who star dramatically at a beautiful sunset and ocean vista as a w gently blows her hair. Kermit NERVOUSLY GOES over to her. REVEAL that she’s standing in front of an ocean vista set that a fan is pointed her way.
81) 0) text: The curtain opens. Kermit’s in a tux on a crescent moon p with Miss Piggy in a chiffon bridal gown. The band starts playing, Animal still not at the drums. Miss Piggy and Kermit sing “I’M YOUR PUPPET.” The graph SPIKES TO 9.5 MILLION VIEWERS!!! The audience claps. Gary and Mary watc on smiling. 90.
88) 11) dialog: Amazing, guys. Really amazing.
88) 13) dialog: Walter, I have a friend I’d like to introduce you to. We met in the ladies room. She couldn’t stop talking about your act. From behind Mary steps a PINK REPLICA of Walter.