24) 0) text: MISS PIGGY charges into the office. She walks past ANNE HATHAWAY and EMILY BLUNT and SLAMS HER COAT AND BAG on An Hathaway’s desk.
24) 2) dialog: Coffee, bagel, donuts, cinnabon, pasta, pizza, omelette station, five minutes ago! Miss Piggy SLAMS the door to her office shut. 26. INT. MISS PIGGY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS MISS PIGGY holds court before KARL LAGERFIELD, MICHAEL KO and AGNES B. They’re looking at a line of dresses that ar green. Anne and Emily bring in the pile of food Miss Pigg requested, including a chef and omelette station.
24) 3) dialog: What have I told you?
24) 5) dialog: And yet you still bring me green! Sacre bleu! Throw them in the closet I do not speak of! INT. MISS PIGGY’S GREEN CLOSET Couture is thrown into a closet filled with green clothes We PAN OVER to find the blinking green watch. INT. MISS PIGGY'’S OFFICE
24) 6) dialog: Well, what are you waiting for? The dresses to make themselves!? The designers leave. Miss Piggy dramatically collapses on her chaise and looks wistfully out at the Eiffel Tower as eats a cinnabon. Anne pokes her head in.
24) 8) dialog: Echh. Never. With his solar panels and his Electric Cars. Far too Green!
24) 10) dialog: No, too young. FAR too Green for me!!
24) 12) dialog: (furious) How many times have I told you!!!! TOO SHORT!!!! Now get out!!! (singing) MISS PIGGY SINGS A SONG CALLED “TI HATE GREEN! I LOVE GREEN!” Suddenly the doors burst open and the gang steps through. The entire gang, with the exception of Kermit. MISS PIGGY (CONT’D) What... who... how... where’s... The gang separates and Kermit walks in. MISS PIGGY (CONT’D) Kermy ! Miss Piggy goes to hug Kermit. MISS PIGGY (CONT’D) No! I promised myself I'd never go back! You must leave! At once!
24) 15) dialog: (considering) I like you, pashmina with eyes.
24) 18) dialog: The past is the past. What’s meant to be was meant to be.
24) 20) dialog: A prison of our own making. ANGLE ON MISS PIGGY. The movie has become black and white Kermit looks at his black and white body confused. MISS PIGGY (CONT’D) What did I do to scare you away? How I loved you.
24) 22) dialog: I can’t help it when I’m around you! My dreams are filled with your earless, green head! Miss Piggy goes to kiss him. Then pulls away. MISS PIGGY (CONT’D) When you're young, you believe there'll be many pigs and frogs with whom you connect. Later you realize it only happens a few times. (then, passionate) Why didn’t you come with me to Paris? Just tell me! I can hear it!
24) 24) dialog: Not all of them. A bunch of FRENCH PEOPLE walk out of a restaurant. 29.
24) 26) dialog: We’re in the frog legs arrondissement. We shouldn’t have taken our romantic walk in this neighborhood. My bad. (then) If you had just supported me in my career then none of this would have happened!
24) 28) dialog: I will return for the studio, I will return for the Muppets, but if I return, I will not be returning for you.
24) 30) dialog: (dramatically into the middle distance) There is only one way to get to a frog's heart. Jealousy.
24) 32) dialog: Everyone. No one. Myself. NONE
24) 36) dialog: Mission accomplished. Everyone's talking to each other. Suddenly out from under the chatter, Walter says:
28) 9) dialog: No! They loved me for my beauty and fashionable-ness!
28) 12) dialog: Easy for you to say! You always got all the credit!!! The Muppets all ad-lib agreement.
28) 15) dialog: Together again./Now we're here and there's no need remembering when. 34.
28) 26) dialog: Yay! And just to be clear we're saving the studio cause we want to! Not cause you told us to.
29) 16) dialog: Well well. I see someone is still celebrating being the best Muppet. REVEAL that on the wall, amidst all of Kermit’s Muppet st is a framed Time cover that reads “Who’s the Best Muppet? Kermit stands in the foreground raising his hand, while t rest of the Muppets sit in the background.
30) 4) dialog: I don’t believe it!
30) 6) dialog: (defeated) It is true. He does have to pee a lot.
30) 13) dialog: Eh-hem. Who’s the chick...frog!?!? Gary, who is next to Piggy speaks up.
30) 15) dialog: Really? Hmm. I never would have guessed her for your type of species. Mary now eyes Piggy, confused and offended.
34) 5) dialog: And by the way Kermit, why do you always get to open the show! 45.
35) 0) text: We see a flashback of the the Muppet Show sign dropping w Fozzie in the “0.” The O breaks off and hangs by one scre It then smashes to the ground. -- Miss Piggy in the “0.” She’s holding on for dear life screaming. -- Sweet Ums in the “0.” Or rather, only the bottom half Sweet Ums. The top half of him is off screen. -- The Muppet Show sign is dropping. There’s no one in th O. Suddenly the O CATCHES FIRE and Gonzo, in a motorcycle FLIES THROUGH THE O. Or rather tries to fly through the O He basically SMASHES right into the 0. He and the rest of the sign catches on fire. Several Muppets put him out wit fire hoses.
39) 6) dialog: I was ready for the duet of life Frog, but that ship has sailed.
39) 8) dialog: Oh, Kermy... I might lie to get a job. I might lie to get out of a parking ticket. I might lie to get a free croissant. But I will never ever ever lie on stage. (then, making it up) Besides... I’m already doing a duet ... with Gary. Bring him to me! Miss Piggy turns. Kermit, clearly jealous, leaves the roo
40) 13) dialog: Could you help me with the zipper? She turns revealing the dress is literally busting open i the back, this zipper is clearly not going up.
41) 10) dialog: You’re not the boss of us!!
41) 14) dialog: Well if that’s the truth, does that mean that I’m a liar! The group erupts into fighting again. A cacophony of argu A second later, TEX RICHMAN WALKS INTO THE THEATER WITH H COHORTS. .
41) 20) dialog: We will get ten million viewers!
48) 1) dialog: Hello lover.
55) 5) dialog: Go. Move! Move it along!!!!!
55) 12) dialog: Kermit. I have never seen you like this. It kills me to see you so sad. And do you know why? Because I love you Kermie, not just as a frog, but as a friend. And it’s not just me. It’s all of us. We look up to you. We need you. So don’t give up. Because these past few days. Well they’ve been the best few days we've had since we've been apart. Kermit, you’re the best thing I’ve ever known. Kermit turns to Piggy and the two stand in profile. MUSIC UP: Marvin Gaye’s version of “I’m Your Puppet.” Ker and Piggy gaze into each others eyes. They should kiss. T
56) 4) dialog: 
56) 7) dialog: Shhhh. MUSIC UP: I’M YOUR PUPPET (MARVIN GAYE) Piggy and Kermit stand face to face, framing the violent kidnapping of Jack Black. A long beat as they stare into other’s eyes. Piggy leans in for a kiss. KERMIT PANICS.
56) 9) dialog: (angry) That’s it frog!!! Never again!!!! Never again!!!!! She walks off and spots Gary sitting on the curb looking something. She goes and sits next to him. MISS PIGGY (CONT’D) He makes me so angry sometimes. Gary looks at her sadly, then looks back at the framed ph of Mary in his hands. Miss Piggy takes this in and STEALS without him noticing.
57) 2) dialog: May I come in?
57) 4) dialog: Perhaps.
57) 6) dialog: I may or may not have borrowed someone's jet without asking.
57) 8) dialog: Perhaps (she enters) Perhaps. I have come to talk to you about your boyfriend... what’s his name again? Ah yes, that’s it, Carey. 73.
57) 10) dialog: Gary. Indeed. Listen Carey, I think there has been a misunderstanding.
57) 12) dialog: Piggy. Miss Piggy. And you see Carey, I know that you and Carey have been having some problems. And I know that I may be somewhat at fault for said problems so I just want you to know, I have no interest in Carey whatsoever.
57) 14) dialog: Piggy. Listen dear, I know we got off on the wrong hoof, and I understand your jealousy, I really do, but if you must know, there is only one out there for me...
57) 16) dialog: I can’t say! But what I can say, Carey, is that Carey is a good man, and you must not let my beauty, fame or talent get in the way of the love you share. We are strong women you and I, and women like us must stick together. Perhaps this is best expressed in a female power anthem. Insert “Women in a Man’s world”, a Dolly Parton-esque son between Piggy and Mary as the class watches on.
63) 5) dialog: Speak for yourself.
63) 8) dialog: And being beautiful and glamorous --
80) 1) dialog: What do you want?
80) 7) dialog: I won’t sing our duet. I just can’t bare the heartache any longer.
80) 9) dialog: 
80) 13) dialog: You’1l move to Paris? Kermit nods. PIGGY LEAPS UP EXCITEDLY!!! MISS PIGGY (CONT’D)
81) 0) text: The curtain opens. Kermit’s in a tux on a crescent moon p with Miss Piggy in a chiffon bridal gown. The band starts playing, Animal still not at the drums. Miss Piggy and Kermit sing “I’M YOUR PUPPET.” The graph SPIKES TO 9.5 MILLION VIEWERS!!! The audience claps. Gary and Mary watc on smiling. 90.
84) 31) dialog: 
84) 55) dialog: We did it, Kermy! We did it!
88) 10) dialog: At least he’s moved onto a different kind of nut. Kermit and Miss Piggy head off. Mary shows up.