41) 29) dialog: Ummm. Kermit. Did he just say that you signed a contract that sold not only the studio but also the rights to the Muppet name and our on-stage personalities which, incidently happen to also be our personal personalities. Kermit gulps. All the Muppets move to pounce on Kermit.
51) 0) text: Scooter goes into Copy Katz to pick up the fliers.
51) 1) dialog: Hey, my name’s Scooter. I just came to pick up our fliers. The Copy Katz employee turns around to reveal a DISGUISED Richman.
52) 0) text: Scooter hands out the fliers to tourists, locals and a gu dressed in the dirty Spiderman costume.
52) 1) dialog: Come to see the Muppets reunited! This Sunday at 7PM! People are taking the fliers. ZOOM IN on the flier. The fliers actually say “Monday at 2AM at the Dubai Internati Convention Center.”
58) 0) text: Jack Black, in a tuxedo, is bound and gagged in a chair. Scooter enters enthusiastically. 74.
58) 1) dialog: Five minutes to curtain Mr. Black!!! Jack writhes in his chair and tries to yell through the g SCOOTER (CONT’D) Can I get you anything?!?! (off Jack’s grunts) Sounds great. Good luck out there!!! Scooter exits. INT. WALTER’S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT Walter’s getting make up done as Gary sits on the couch.
60) 0) text: The ABC Executive walks up to Kermit and Scooter.
60) 3) dialog: Of course. We gave them all out. Kermit looks at the flier.
63) 16) dialog: Some people just came in! The Muppets POKE their heads out of the curtain to see Ma and her class sitting down. The rest of the audience is empty. Gary’s eyes light up. 77.
64) 0) text: Scooter’s on camera.
64) 1) dialog: And we've got three seconds till we air, and three, two, one -- PAN TO Kermit.
81) 6) dialog: But sir, we’re running out of stars! We’re really scraping the bottom of the barrel now!!!! ANGLE ON BILL HADER about to go onstage.
83) 0) text: Scooter’s off stage, panicked. Fozzie on stage looks to Scooter and gestures “What now?” Scooter looks around concerned, sees Chef walking by, grabs him and pushes him onstage.