7) 3) text: I'm afraid not. Now its where trees are turned into mulch and pressed into colored construction paper. It’s filled with toxic chemicals. The tour guide continues walking. He passes a very small bungalow. TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D) And this used to be Kermit’s office, it’s perfectly preserved inside, just as Kermit left it. You really should see it. (beat, then continues walking) Now this next building is where they put the lines on paper to make lined paper. Let’s go inside and take a look. The tour follows, all except for Walter, who lags behind staring at Kermit’s office. He takes a sneaky look to the group, who all look extremely bored, and decides to make move. INT. KERMIT’S OLD OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER Walter opens the door to Kermit’s office. There is dust a cobwebs everywhere, though everything seems to be untouch There are framed photos on the walls of Kermit with all s of celebrities, including one with Jim Henson. He passes a shelf with many award statues: An Emmy, An Os A Grammy, An NAACP Award, A Nobel Prize, An Olympic Medal is in awe, when SUDDENLY THE DOOR BURST OPEN. Walter ducks behind the desk for cover. In walk STATLER a WALDORF, who are giving a tour to a man in a suit anda cowboy hat. This is TEX RICHMAN, and for now, he seems ni enough. He is with several of his “associates,” including unnatractive Bear puppet called Bobo.
7) 13) dialog: There’s oil under this studio, see!!! I can smell it. I can smell it in my wallet. Sweet sweet oil. In two weeks, we tear this place to the ground and start harvesting the sweet sweet oil under this waste of space. Muppets. (he spits) The Muppets ain’t funny!!! No one is!! Least of all the Muppets! They’ve never made me laugh! Not once. The only way they could save the studio according to this contract is if they get back together and put on a show within the next two weeks that draws in 10 million viewers, but that ain’t gonna happen. No sir. This studio is gone, see. And me, well I’m gonna be even richer than I already am. Maniacal Laugh. Maniacal laugh. Walter listens in shock as Tex’s cohorts begin laughing Maniacally. Oddly Tex Richman just keeps repeating “Mania laugh” as they all exit. Walter rises, looks around nervously, then sprints out of the room.
28) 33) dialog: Bobo, evil cohorts, get in here, Now! Bobo enters with several cohorts.
28) 35) dialog: Seems some new kids on the block got the Muppets back together today to try to stop me from getting my tasty tasty Texas tea!
28) 37) dialog: Oil son! Oil! Tasty tasty oil!! And there ain’t no way some wet behind the ears upstarts nobody’s heard of and a gang of Un-FUNNY, never make people laugh fakers like the Muppets gonna sip up that tasty tea under my watch or my name isn’t Tex Richman!
28) 39) dialog: Of course it is. That’s the point! It is my name, so they ain’t gonna sip my tasty oil! I made a solemn pledge to buy up all the oil in the world and dangonit if I ain’t gonna do it!
28) 41) dialog: PappaRATzi.
28) 44) dialog: Galvanize!! I told you to stop making up words you dumb Muppet looking moron! Now git! Bobo looks at him a bit hurt. He begins to leave along wi the cohorts. TEX RICHMAN (CONT’D) Ain’t you boys forgetting something? They turn to him confused. TEX RICHMAN (CONT’D) Maniac laugh. Maniacal laugh. Maniacal laugh. They all let out their Maniacal laughs and exit.
29) 6) dialog: Cohort #2, you're fired. Maniacal laugh. Maniacal laugh. INT. KERMIT’S MANSION - NIGHT The entire ragtag band of heroes sit in Kermit’s living r A long beat as everyone sits in silence, then:
41) 15) dialog: Maniacal laugh, Maniacal laugh, Maniacal laugh. Lookie what we got here. We got a frog, a pig, a dog. Looks like a good old fashioned Korean BBQ to me. Muppets... (he spits) Can’t even pull it together to unite against a common enemy... me, to save their studio. Pathetic.
41) 17) dialog: You can’t fool me... thing. I'ma hunter, and I know when an animal is wounded.
41) 19) text: TEX RICHMAN (CONT’D) And there ain’t nothin’ you can do now that can stop me from owning this here studio and the tasty tasty texas tea that runs underneath. I’m gonna bathe in this sweet sweet oil until my skin is as leathery as a baseball glove, see. That is, unless you can somehow get ten million viewers for your telethon, which we all know is impossible.
41) 22) dialog: ("don’t make me laugh”) Make me laugh. Pause.
41) 24) dialog: I know what I said and I said what I meant. Why would I want you to “don’t make me laugh?” You doin’ that already. You Muppets never made me laugh, so I’m offering you a last chance. Make me laugh, I give you the studio. Long Pause. Finally Fozzie steps up dramatically.
41) 26) dialog: This here is the Standard Rich and Famous contract you signed some thirty years ago, you remember? It’s signed right here by one Kermit the Frog!?
41) 28) dialog: Well maybe you shoulda read the fine print. He holds a HUGE magnifying glass to some incredibly small fine print. TEX RICHMAN (CONT’D) See, in three days it’s not just this studio you lose the rights to. It’s the Muppet name itself. And not just that, but ALL characters under the Muppet name. See, I don’t just own the studio. I own... THE MUPPETS. I own the loveable frog, the arrogant pig, the mediocre bear. I own em all!!! So enjoy your last few days together, cause after your failed telethon, you ever want to work together again.... You workin’ for me. Maniacal laugh Maniacal laugh. He and his cohorts exit. Pregnant pause.
47) 9) dialog: Perfect! All we gotta do is run a little interference! They’re gonna have a harder time finding a real celebrity than dancing with the stars!!! EXT. MOVIE PREMIERE AT MANN’S CHINESE - DAY This is a movie premiere for the film “MICHAEL CLAYTON 2: THIS TIME IT’S LESS COMPLICATED AND HAS MORE ACTION.” Geo Clooney poses for paparazzi on the red carpet. Dr. Teeth Electric Mayhem are pretending to be paparazzi and camera
47) 16) dialog: Security! INT. KERMIT’S MANSION QUICK CUTS of Walter trying to imitate different Muppet talents: Stunts like Gonzo, Piano like Rowlf, a fashion s like Piggy. INT. MR. CHOW’S -— LUNCHTIME Jack Black, Ben Stiller, Mel Brooks and Steve Carell are eating lunch. A plate arrives. The waiter takes the top o the dish revealing Pepe the King Prawn. REVEAL the Waiter Sweetums.
47) 23) dialog: 
51) 2) dialog: Here's your sweet, sweet fliers. Meeeow help you with anything else? Maniacal laugh! Scooter looks at him sceptically. Tex HANDS the box to Scooter. Scooter walks off, confused.
53) 9) dialog: Sorry to bother you, but I was hoping I could have your autograph.
53) 11) dialog: You're Miss Piggy’s new man! He plops the tabloid mag down on the table which has a headline - MISS PIGGY’S NEW MAN!!! It has photos of Gary squiring Piggy around town to find a dress.
66) 7) dialog: Five hundred viewers?! If it stays that low, they won’t air but five minutes. Turns out America don’t care about talking felt! Bobo looks hurt.
66) 9) dialog: (sarcastic) Did I hurt feelings? Sorrry!
68) 0) text: A family stares bored at “Soyburger and Numbers.” The Mot starts channel surfing. She hits the Muppets. The LITTLE GIRL starts laughing joyfully at the antics. INT. TEX RICHMAN’S SUPER HIGH TECH NERVE CENTER The graph of viewers watching the Muppet show moves up.
68) 2) dialog: Just a commercial break. Nothing to worry about. INT. GEORGE CLOONEY’S MOD HOUSE - DAY George Clooney is watching television on an enormous flat screen and flipping through the channels. He lands on Gon spinning the bowling ball as Jack Black flinches. The ent audience laughs hysterically. George Clooney laughs and t looks angry. George Clooney picks up the phone and dials.
70) 16) dialog: What? People are actually watching this. That can’t be. (then, epiphany) I got it! Bobo! Check to see if I own the network!
72) 3) dialog: Only one thing to do now. Tex PULLS OUT wire cutters. TEX RICHMAN (CONT’D) Get up on the roof and shut them down. Time to mothball these felt- brained morons. Bobo looks upset. They LEAVE the high tech nerve center 85.
74) 0) text: They get up to the giant antennae. Tex takes his giant wi cutters out and raises them like he’s making a toast.
74) 1) dialog: To the end of Puppets, Muppets and Marionettes and to the sipping of tasty tasty Texas teal!!! Bobo grabs the wire cutters and tosses them away. TEX RICHMAN (CONT’D) What’re you doing?
74) 3) dialog: Enough is never enough, see!? And don’t forget about the tea! The delectable black tea!
74) 5) dialog: What does that mean?
84) 20) dialog: I tried to negotiate. I tried to talk reason. But no, you all had to put on a show and make America fall in love with you all over again. Well how’s this for a show, America?
84) 22) dialog: I’m aiming at a pig and a frog! What they gonna get me for, hunting without a license?! Just as Tex is about to pull the trigger the movie FREEZE DR. HONEYDEW appears.
84) 26) dialog: If I don’t get my oil, then no one does. Dr. Honeydew FLIPS ON THE DEVICE and then GOES OFFSCREEN. Tex Richman PULLS THE TRIGGER. We go to BULLET POINT OF V ie. We’re looking down the shaft of the rifle at Kermit a Miss Piggy. Everyone is now moving in slo-mo. The gun fires! And the bullet emerges... as a puppet bullet at th end of a stick with whooshing bullet noises made by the Muppet who’s holding the stick. The Muppets are moving in slomo, but it should be clear that they’re pretending to in slomo. Fozzie walks in.
84) 30) dialog: What! No! Tex pumps his gun and is about to fire again when Piggy KARATE CHOPS it out of his hands.
84) 34) dialog: Looks like you’ve run out of viewers- and luck!! And just in time. He motions to a clock on the graph as it ticks to midnigh series of sad buzzer sounds go off and the graph flashes
84) 37) dialog: YEEEEE-HAAAAWWWWWWWWWW. The studio is mine see!!!! It’s mine!!!! And so are the Muppets!!! You gaggle of misfits will never make anyone not laugh ever again!!!!! The crowd and the Muppets are in stunned silence. Angle o Statler and Waldorf.
84) 43) dialog: Oh it’s as over as Barney the Dinosaur. Nothing you can do. The Muppets are done for good!!
84) 45) dialog: (laughing) “Oil” be seeing you. I get it. Because it sounds like “I'll be seeing you”, but instead you said “Oil”, because of my obsessive, almost cartoonish love of Oil! I get it!!!! I'm laughing!!!! I'M LAUGHING!!!! HAHAHAHAH!! “OIL!I!!!1”
84) 47) text: Tex falls to his knees crying he is laughing so hard. Everyone watches on confused. TEX RICHMAN (CONT’D) (through tears and laughter) You made me laugh!!! Finally!! Thank you!!! Keep it!!! You can keep the studio!!! It’s yours!! Just keep making me laugh!!!
84) 50) dialog: Do the other one again.
84) 52) dialog: Yes!!! That’s the one!!! HAHAHAHA. It’s yours, the studio is yours!!
88) 5) dialog: What? Why? All I live for is tasty, tasty oil!