3) 0) text: Pre-class chaos. KIDS IN BATHING SUITS scream, splash, pu each other into the pool. Still fully dressed, Owen walks behind his Serbian P.E. teacher, MR. ZORIC, says meekly:
3) 2) dialog: Owen -- c’mon, serious... again?
3) 4) dialog: Okay. Go sit in bleecher. Owen sits, looks out at THE POOL, a bit miserably, SEEING
3) 6) dialog: Okay, Kenny! Ten laps! Now!
3) 8) dialog: Now! Or I make it twenty! Kenny pounds the water with his fist, and, as Zoric turns away, the Girl SOCKS him INCREDIBLY HARD in the arm. Owen can’t help but smile -- but it’s unfortunate timing, beca at just that moment, Kenny feels Owen’s stare, turns -- O stops smiling abruptly, averts his eyes, wishing he were invisible; but sadly, he’s not. Kenny glares, and we CUT
15) 37) dialog: (glances up, then back at newspaper ) Yes, Owen?
15) 39) dialog: .»»-You like to get strong? Owen shrugs, embarrassed; Zoric nods, slow... Then:
15) 40) dialog: Okay. Four o’clock. You come. We make you strong. Owen nods. JZoric returns to his paper. Owen starts to go
15) 41) dialog: Hey... Owen turns back. JZoric glances up, then back at the pape
15) 42) dialog: ...We teach you swimming too. Owen smiles sweetly: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 40.
21) 33) dialog: Don’t worry. Is good. Very good for start. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 50. Owen smiles, and we CUT TO: OWEN’S PANTS, STUFFED IN A URINAL In the LOCKER ROOM BATHROOM. Disgusted, depressed, Owen stands there staring in his underwear, partially dressed. carefully fishes the soaked pants out with his hand, dang them away at arm’s length... EXT. OWEN’S MIDDLE SCHOOL - WIDE SHOT - LATE AFTERNOON TRACK WITH OWEN as he starts for home in the waning light the day, wearing his jacket, his backpack, and his little shorts. His breath mists is the freezing air... In his ha hangs a clear plastic bag containing his wet pants...
29) 0) text: The Students file off the bus, carrying ICE SKATES; some HOCKEY STICKS and HELMETS... Mr. Zoric and a FEW OTHER TEACHERS supervise, directing the student traffic --
29) 1) dialog: If you play hockey, you play this side! Free skate, this side! Everyone careful for holes in ice! Stay! Away! From holes! We be watching! So you play safe!
30) 13) dialog: turns, hearing Kenny’s agonized screams -- one of the oth Teachers immediately heads toward the middle of the lake investigate -- Zoric is about to go too -- when he HEARS SCREAMS from the other direction -- ! He turns to see the GROUP of GIRLS at the shoreline, by t aqueduct -- the girl Kenny accosted in the pool is SCREAM and CRYING, horrified -- Zoric starts in their direction.
42) 1) dialog: Ah! Speak of devil! There he is! Owen looks up to see Mr. Zoric smiling at him; Owen smile
42) 3) dialog: (pats Owen’s shoulder) Good to see you. We start in pool today. And he heads out of the locker room. Owen grabs his towel and starts out too, when he runs into Mark -- who stands there awkwardly, almost as if he were waiting for Owen:
44) 1) dialog: That’s it... that’s good...! Mark runs up behind Zoric -- out of breath --
44) 3) dialog: (turns, alarmed) What?!
44) 5) dialog: Owen, I be right back! Owen, slows, nodding, as Zoric abruptly heads off... Owen looks up at Mark, who glances at him, then averts his eye walking away in the direction Zoric went...