7) 3) text: David Sasser from the Times called and wanted to know what the White House felt was a great society.
25) 0) text: A GDC conference room that SYDNEY, her assistant, DAVID, two INTERNS have made into their 72-day headquarters. A similar tote board reads "23 Votes in 69 Days." The two interns are marking spreadsheets. DAVID is on one phone, SYDNEY is on another.
25) 1) dialog: (into phone)
25) 2) text: Carol, it's David in Sydney Wade's office. I want to confirm her lunch with the Congressman.
25) 7) dialog: You're awfully jumpy today. What do you have -- a big date tonight? With that, a big pile of papers is sent flying off the de
70) 0) text: A few more young INTERNS have been added, and most are ha at work on the phones -- ("___ from the Global Defense Council. We're encouraging voters in your area to phone o write your Congressman regarding...etc.") The tote board now reads "11 Votes in 42 Days." David is supervising things while SYDNEY is trying to lose her patience on the phone.
70) 3) dialog: (to SYDNEY)
70) 4) text: Ask him about his position on stateboard for Hawaii. SYDNEY wads up some paper and flings it at David to shut up.
70) 8) text: Tote board's heavy. The room CHEERS, knows what this means. DAVID rips off th 11, revealing 10.
70) 9) dialog: How's this?
70) 11) dialog: Hey, Syd, I saw on your schedule you're gonna meet with McSorley, McCluskey and Shane.
70) 13) dialog: Sydney, these are people who represent people who make cars for a living.
70) 15) dialog: Cars, you understand, run on gasoline.
70) 17) dialog: Well, if we're gonna try, we should do some prep work. You wanna order in?
70) 19) dialog: Okay. I'm having lunch at the Kremlin, so we'll have to, you know, start real early...
70) 21) text: Good night, David.
70) 22) dialog: ...in order for me to catch the morning plane to Moscow.
81) 35) text: Have you ever been to Camp David?
81) 37) text: Camp David? Sure. I used to go there all the time, but then they changed chefs and...
84) 14) text: While the President spent the day at Camp David, G.O.P. presidential hopeful Robert Rumson continued his attacks on President Shepherd's character. During the Saturday morning news program Capitol Review with Kenneth Michaels, Senator Rumson suggested that GDC political director Sydney Ellen Wade, whose personal relationship with the President has been causing the White House headaches over the past two months, may have traded sexual favors for key votes in the Virginia State Legislature while lobbying for the Virginia Teachers Association. The NEWS PROGRAM goes to the segment showing RUMSON and MICHAELS on that morning's show. SHEPHERD and SYDNEY sit watch...knowing they're about to take a punch...powerless stop it...
89) 0) text: DAVID is on the phone--
89) 1) dialog: (to the INTERNS)
90) 0) text: INTERNS photocopying, clipping, stamping, crunching numbe drinking coffee...DAVID is on an extension, listening to SYDNEY's final pitch over the phone. The tote board reads: "3 Votes in 5 Days."
98) 0) text: SYDNEY, SUSAN, DAVID, INTERNS and STAFFERS are having a little office celebration. Champagne flows from paper cup Streamers and balloons adorn the tote board, which reads Votes in 1 Day. SUSAN, maybe a little drunk, has concerned SYDNEY.
98) 8) dialog: (approaching SYDNEY)
98) 11) dialog: He needs to see you in his office.
98) 13) dialog: He just got off the phone with MacInerney. There's been a development. SYDNEY holds for a moment...then heads out the door and w