16) 25) text: Well, no, but I could pass her a note before study hall and--
29) 0) text: Dressed in formal, but not festive, clothes and holding, always, her notepad, JANIE waits by the door. A SECRET SERVICE AGENT sits alone behind a small desk. The door opens and SYDNEY walks in. She's, needless to sa stunning.
42) 0) text: A room designed more for comfort than for show, with its overstuffed couches. Lucy enters.
46) 2) text: Your dad says you're studying the Constitutional Convention.
46) 7) text: This is a nightmare. This is a social studies nightmare.
69) 0) text: Rumson and his STAFF are buzzing about amid room service tables and late-night take-out as STU enters the room wit a manila envelope in his hand.
69) 6) text: What do you got for me, Stu?
69) 7) dialog: Call me Santa Claus, Senator. Several TOP AIDES join this slightly confidential convers
69) 8) dialog: (continuing)
69) 11) dialog: I've got art. RUMSON comes back. STU hands him the photo.
69) 12) dialog: It's a demonstration outside the Department of Commerce. The picture's old, and a lot of the faces are obscured by the smoke, but this is Sydney right there in front.
69) 15) dialog: Yes, sir -- it's burning flag. RUMSON gives it one last look, passes it back to STU, and turns back to his phone.
72) 2) text: Douglas, does the N.R.A. have videotapes of you playing golf with Satan? We've already softened the assault weapons. We're leaving the SKS, the mini 14, and about 250 other types on the street. I mean, how much pull can one lobby-- JANIE catches SHEPHERD's eye and makes a subtle gesture t her wristwatch.
81) 8) text: Sydney says you guys are really stupid.
84) 8) text: Oh, Andy...C-minus in Women's Studies?
97) 48) text: Lewis, we've had Presidents who were beloved, who couldn't find a coherent sentence with two hands and a flashlight. People don't drink the sand, 'cause they're thirsty, Lewis. They drink it 'cause they don't know the difference. The room is slightly stunned by what their President has said. SHEPHERD picks up the polling data and heads to the door.
104) 24) text: --sometimes when you talk, you say things I disagree with. SHEPHERD is stunned and totally confused...
105) 22) text: Tomorrow morning the White House is sending a bill to Congress for its consideration. It's White House Resolution 455, an energy bill requiring a 20 percent reduction of the emission of fossil fuels over the next ten years. It is by far the most aggressive stride ever taken in the fight to reverse the effects of global warming. The other piece of legislation is the crime bill. As of today it no longer exists. I'm throwing it out. I'm throwing it out and writing a law that makes sense. You cannot address crime prevention without getting rid of assault weapons and handguns. I consider them a threat to national security, and I will go door to door if I have to, but I'm gonna convince Americans that I'm right, and I'm gonna get the guns. We've got serous problems, and we need serious men, and if you want to talk about character, Bob, you'd better come at me with more than a burning flag and a membership card. If you want to talk about character and American values, fine. Just tell me where and when, and I'll show up. This is a time for serious men, Bob, and your fifteen minutes are up. My name's Andrew Shepherd, and I am the President. SHEPHERD exits the press room, leaving a stunned room in wake. The MURMURS begin from the PRESS CORPS. They're talking among themselves, confirming that they just saw what they just saw. ROBIN steps to the podium.