1) 36) dialog: Good. And lay off the Mr. Bumpus crap, Lare. We’re all on the same team here. When I played for the Bears they called me Cementhead. But you can call me Jackie.
1) 40) dialog: I was just going over the quarterly reports, Lare. Damn good work. A real touchdown.
1) 42) dialog: An@ don’t think I don’t appreciate it. You know a quarterback’s only as good as his linemen. Hell, I’m just a big old dumb jock who got i lucky and married the boss’ . . daughter. It’s guys like you who _ make me look like a hotshot. . Clip is in the b.g. strutting around like a "hotshot". Larry can't resist and a laugh snorts out of his nose.
1) 44) dialog: Know what’s good for that, Lare? Eucalytpus extract and honey in two ounces of warm Napoleon Brandy with a tablespoon of rosehips and a dash of cayenne pepper. Then get into a hot bath for 15 minutes, and put a damp cloth soaked in lemon juice over your face. Got all that?
1) 46) dialog: Atta boy. Well, keep up the good work, Lare, and good luck with the cold. I just stopped by to see how you’re doing. Jackie Earle turns and catches Clip in mid-goofy-face. (CONTINUED)
1) 49) dialog: Clipper! Hey, that’s a funny face, Clip looks terrified but Jackie Earle just slaps him on t back and heads down the hall laughing.
1) 50) dialog: Gotta teach that one to my kid. Clip enters the cubicle.
2) 41) dialog: Touchdowns everyone. Niles instantly drops his phoney smile.
32) 10) dialog: I don’t care who ya are, ya piece of rich shit! Ya think ya own the whole road or something? . The cab pulls ahead and cuts the limo off, forcing it t e stop sharply at the curb. (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: Niles is in the middle of his report. Leo, Jackie Earle, Lewis, and OTHER BOARD MEMBERS are listening.
68) 11) dialog: Gentlemen, please! We’re all on the same team here. There’s no need for this kind of behavior!
71) 34) text: Jackie Earle! Cindy!
71) 35) dialog: We don’t want to interrupt...
71) 37) dialog: I just stopped by to thank you again for what you did. You ran out of there so fast...
71) 41) dialog: Well, then I have a little present for you. The board voted unanimously to offer you Niles Pender’s job. Executive Vice president... Larry is stunned.
71) 42) dialog: Well? Are you interested?
71) 44) dialog: Wonderful. :