3) 0) text: Larry is in the warehouse, going through the inventory check. He is mumbling angrily, saying what he wished he could have in the previous scene. LARRY e Yeah, I see a problem, you dick. What are you going to do about it, huh? Huh?! You prissy little wimp! As he looks down at the clipboard, the two forks of a4 forklift CROSS FRAME in front of him. He looks up to SEE: A VERY PRETTY GIRL, JEWEL JAGGER, mid 20s, on a forklift, spearing a crate off one of the shelves next to him.
3) 1) dialog: Excuse me. Would you mind stepping back? You wouldn’t want me to fork you to death, would you? The girl looks at him coquettishly. Larry laughs nervousl
3) 3) dialog: ~ (very suggestively) Since when does that matter? Jewel smiles provocatively, then wheels away. Larry watch her go, stunned,
29) 5) dialog: Just where the hell were you last night? I waited until midnight! Then I went to bed. Alone!
29) 7) dialog: It’s Jewel! Have you forgotten my name already?
30) 0) text: Jewel pours herself a scotch and throws it back.
30) 1) dialog: You guess you couldn’t make it!? Where were you? Out with this Ellen Ripley bitch?
30) 3) text: No, she doesn’t work here! And if she suddenly starts working here, you‘ll live to regret it! She stabs the letter opener into his desk blotter. LARRY » Listen, Jewel, what do you say we double your salary? She sneers at him, then turns to exit just as Niles and Lewis come in, all business, speaking very quickly.
38) 21) dialog: Yes, sir. Larry sits, waiting.
38) 25) dialog: Yes, LU?
38) 27) dialog: Yes, LJ.
38) 29) dialog: Yes, LJ.
38) 31) dialog: Yes, LJ.
38) 33) dialog: I guess some things just aren‘t meant to be, LJ.
44) 4) dialog: (hissing) You bastard.
61) 2) dialog: Think you can just toss me aside like a used piece of kleenex, huh? She FIRES AGAIN and AGAIN and AGAIN. Larry leaps to his feet and starts running. JEWEL ° Think you can just write me off like a bad debt, huh? Jewel takes a swig from her hip flask. (CONTINUED)
61) 5) dialog: Well, it‘s time to pay up. She continues FIRING. Bullets SLAM into the cars around Larry as he runs, BLAST OUT WINDOWS, SHATTERING HEADLIGHTS. Jewel continues SHOOTING until the gun is empty.
61) 6) dialog: Stupid gun. The Cops leap all over her. She SCREAMS and claws at them
61) 8) dialog: Suck on this, you two-timing son of a bitch. - She squeezes the trigger. CLICK, no bullet.
61) 9) dialog: Shit! Larry races away.. A second later, THE COPS peer out from behind their cover
71) 29) dialog: Happy Birthday, Larry.