6) 9) text: DARRYL comes trotting down the stairs.  Polyester was mad for this man, and he's dripping in "men's" jewelry.  He  manages a Carpeteria.
6) 10) dialog: Damnit, Thelma, don't holler like  that!  Haven't I told you I can't  stand it when you holler in the  morning.
6) 12) text: Darryl is checking himself out in the hall mirror, and it's obvious he likes what he sees.  He exudes over-confi for reasons that never become apparent.  He likes to thin of himself as a real lady killer. He is making imperceptible adjustments to his over-mousse hair.  Thelma watches approvingly.
6) 14) dialog: What.
6) 16) dialog: Uh-huh.
6) 18) dialog: What?!
6) 20) dialog: No, Thelma, I don't give a shit what  we have for dinner.  I may not even  make it home for dinner.  You know  how Fridays are.
6) 22) dialog: Well then, it's a good thing you're  not regional manager and I am.
6) 25) dialog: See ya.
6) 26) text: Darryl leaves.  We see his Corvette parked out front.  As closes the front door, Thelma leans against it.
11) 0) text: Thelma is still throwing stuff in, randomly now.  She tal to herself quietly the whole time. She is taking stuff off of her nightstand, a small clock, fingernail scissors, etc. She opens the drawer of her nightstand.  Her attitude is  purposeful; she looks as if she knows exactly what she's  doing; although, frankly, she has no idea, and each decis is completely arbitrary.  As she rifles through it, pluck various items from among the jumbled contents, we see the is a gun in there, one Darryl bought her for protection. is unloaded, but there is a box of bullets.  She picks up the gun like it's a rat by the tail and puts it in her pu
66) 0) text: Darryl in the den of their house.  The room is a mess. There are beer cans everywhere.  The large screen TV is O showing a FOOTBALL GAME.  Darryl is in a recliner.  He is wearing loud shorts, a V-necked T-shirt, and a couple of  necklaces and bracelets.
66) 1) dialog: Goddamnit, Thelma, where in the Sam  Hill are you?!
68) 1) dialog: (interrupting) What in the hell do you think you're  doing?  Have you lost your goddamn  mind?!  Is that it?  I leave for  work and you take complete leave of  your senses?
70) 0) text: Darryl is mad, but he's still watching the game.
70) 1) dialog: Hold on.  Hold on a minute, damnit.
70) 4) dialog: No you won't.  You'll be back today.   Now!  You get your ass back here,  Thelma, now, Goddamnit.  Thelma, do  you understand me?
72) 1) dialog: (interrupting) That does it!  That Louise is nothin'  but a bad influence.  If you're not  back here tonight, Goddamnit,  Thelma... well, I just don't wanna  say...
72) 3) dialog: Thelma?
73) 2) dialog: What?
88) 0) text: Hal is walking up the sidewalk as the front door flies op to reveal a drunk Darryl in Hawaiian shorts, necklaces an beer can in his hand.
89) 0) text: Hal and Darryl in den.  The TV DRONES in the b.g. Pictures and papers are on the table.  TIGHT SHOT of Darr face.
89) 1) dialog: What?!
90) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSEUP of Darryl's face.
90) 1) dialog: What?!!
92) 0) text: Hal is on the phone to the FBI man.  Darryl is sitting on chair looking dazed.  Other law enforcement types roam ar the house.
119) 0) text: Hal, FBI Man, various other police and detective types, p up in front of the house.  The front door swings open and there stands Darryl looking like he's been shot out of a  cannon.
121) 0) text: Police are tapping the phones, dusting for prints, etc.,  while Darryl sits motionless in his recliner with a dull  expression on his face.
121) 5) dialog: Yeah, I guess.  I mean, I'm about as  close as I can be with a nut case  like that.
123) 0) text: Hal, Max, various other cops, and Darryl all watch as TV  plays back VCR TAPE of Thelma in the convenience store pu a gun.  In perfect lip sync is:
123) 2) text: TIGHT SHOT of Darryl's face going deeper and deeper into state of shock.  TIGHT SHOTS of Hal, Max, etc., all looki intently at the screen. VIDEO IMAGE of Thelma boldly ordering cashier to fill her purse with money.  As he's loading the purse with bills,  she's taking beef jerky from the display and putting it i there, too, while she points the gun at the cashier.
125) 2) dialog: Jesus Christ.
136) 0) text: Darryl is sitting in the hallway.  Two officers are leadi J.D. down the hall. Hal, Max, other plainclothes officers follow.  Darryl loo at Hal questioningly.  Hal doesn't respond and the entour quickly goes into a room.  Darryl stands and crosses the  hall to the room as the door shuts in his face.
136) 1) dialog: (yelling at the door) Hey!  Hey!
138) 0) text: Darryl tries the doorknob, but the door is locked.
140) 0) text: Darryl is sitting in the hallway.  Hal comes out of the r first.
140) 2) text: Police officers lead J.D. out of the interrogation room,  down the hallway.  Darryl is watching J.D. closely.  J.D. smirking at him. 
140) 4) dialog: (going after him) Come back here, you little shit!
140) 5) text: Hal and another police officer are restraining Darryl. J.D. is led off down the hall.
143) 0) text: The TV is ON and the place is a mess. Darryl, Hal, Max, and other cops spring into action as th phone RINGS, putting on headsets, turning on tape recorde Darryl picks up the phone.
143) 1) dialog: Hello.
145) 1) dialog: (real friendly) Thelma!  Hello!
147) 0) text: Everyone is very disappointed, taking off their headsets, turning off tape recorders and looking at Darryl like he' an idiot.
147) 2) text: Darryl still holds the phone in his hand.
147) 3) dialog: What?!  All I said was hello.
149) 0) text: Again everybody springs into action.  Darryl is fumbling  with the phone.
149) 1) dialog: Uh, no!  No, why would any police be  here?  Hey, where are you girls,  anyway?
149) 2) text: Darryl gives Hal and Max a look as if he's got it complet under control.  Clever guy.
151) 1) dialog: What are you talking about, Louise?
151) 2) text: Hal comes over and takes the phone away from Darryl.  Hal looks at Max who nods, "take it."
161) 0) text: All's quiet.  The large screen TV is ON and the room is f with dense smoke.  Hal, Max, sit at a table going over  paperwork.  Other plainclothes and surveillance guys play cards.  Darryl sits crumpled in his recliner staring blan at the TV.
185) 2) text: The surveillance man motions to Hal to keep it going. Darryl comes in and immediately realizes Hal is talking t Louise.  Darryl looks attentively at Hal.
201) 0) text: Darryl sits practically comatose in a big chair.  His eye have a dull glaze as he stares first at one wall, then  another.