6) 12) text: Darryl is checking himself out in the hall mirror, and it's obvious he likes what he sees.  He exudes over-confi for reasons that never become apparent.  He likes to thin of himself as a real lady killer. He is making imperceptible adjustments to his over-mousse hair.  Thelma watches approvingly.
28) 18) dialog: Could you identify 'em, if ya saw  'em again?
28) 20) dialog: Well, you're not exactly an expert  witness, but what makes you so sure?
28) 22) dialog: Who do you think did it?
28) 24) dialog: Lena, just cut the bullshit, will  ya?  Do have any ideas or don't ya?   I been standin' in this stupid parkin'  lot all goddamn night, and I still  got to go file a report before I can  go home in time to get back up again!
28) 26) dialog: You didn't happen to notice what  kind of car they were driving?
28) 28) dialog: Alright, Lena.  Go on home.  We might  have to call you in for some more  questioning.
36) 0) text: Hal is at the police station where they're dusting the ca with Harlan all over it for prints.  Hal looks closely at the back of the car.  He holds his hands over two sets of hand prints.  He moves his hands to the outside of the pr so as not to smear them, and puts his hands on the car. face is one inch away from the trunk.  He sees a very cle drop of blood.  It's different than any of the other bloo splatters on the car.  He calls the identification techni over and points it out.
36) 1) dialog: (pointing) What's that?
36) 4) dialog: Whose?
36) 6) text: Hal makes a face like he suddenly felt a slight toothache He stares at the guy.
36) 7) dialog: You guess?
36) 8) text: Hal takes out a black sharpie and draws a circle around t area of the black smudge and the drop of blood.  He shake his head slightly.
50) 0) text: Hal is in the office talking to his superior.  He stands front of the desk with his hands in his pockets while his MAJOR sits behind the desk looking troubled.
50) 1) dialog: All we know is there were two women  in a green T-Bird convertible that  turned left out of the parking lot,  going real fast.  We're trying to  get a make on the car, but nothin'  yet.  So far, we got nothin'.
50) 3) dialog: Alright.
50) 5) dialog: That's certainly possible.
50) 7) dialog: I have no problem with that.
54) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of an "indent-a-kit" likeness of Louise.  On a table nearby lies a drawing strongly resembling Thelma. Lena, the waitress, sits next to the plain-clothes cop wh holds the indent-a-kit.  Hal picks up the drawing and stu it closely.
76) 0) text: Hal goes over a list of every registered green T-Bird in state.
79) 0) text: Hal walks up the sidewalk past a couple of elderly people sitting outside, to the door of an apartment complex and  knocks.
81) 0) text: Hal is walking back down the sidewalk past the old people He stops, turns around and goes back to them.  We see him stand and talk to them.
84) 0) text: Hal walks into the coffee shop where Louise works.  VARIO SHOTS of him talking to other employees.  Albert, waitres etc.  Some cover their mouths as they recognize police  sketches of Louise and Thelma.  The Day Manager comes ove looks at the pictures and talks to Hal.
86) 0) text: Hal's unmarked detective car pulls up in front of Thelma' house.  A Corvette, completely customized with everything sits in the driveway.
88) 0) text: Hal is walking up the sidewalk as the front door flies op to reveal a drunk Darryl in Hawaiian shorts, necklaces an beer can in his hand.
89) 0) text: Hal and Darryl in den.  The TV DRONES in the b.g. Pictures and papers are on the table.  TIGHT SHOT of Darr face.
92) 0) text: Hal is on the phone to the FBI man.  Darryl is sitting on chair looking dazed.  Other law enforcement types roam ar the house.
92) 1) dialog: The prints on the trunk of the car  match those of Thelma Dickinson.
94) 1) dialog: And the husband says a gun is missing.   She took a lot of stuff.  It looks  like she maybe planned on being gone  a while.  The strange thing is, her  husband said she would never touch  that gun.  He got it for her 'cause  he's out late a lot, but he said  she'd never touch it, wouldn't learn  to shoot it, just left it in a drawer  for years.
95) 2) dialog: A .38.
96) 1) dialog: We're lookin'.  They were on their  way to some guy's cabin and they  never showed up.  We're lookin'.  We  hope you're lookin' too.
100) 0) text: Louise and Jimmy walk outside and catch Thelma sitting ve close to J.D.  Thelma sees Jimmy and is so startled she  screams and involuntarily slams herself across the back s to the other side of the car.  She tries to look nonchala
115) 0) text: Hal is in bed with is WIFE.  He has to get up.  He is hol his wife in his arms.
115) 1) dialog: Honey?
115) 3) dialog: Do you think you could ever shoot  someone?
115) 5) dialog: Do you think you could ever think of  a set of circumstances that would  just cause you to haul off and shoot  someone?
115) 7) dialog: Why?
115) 9) dialog: I'm asking you seriously, Sarah, a  stranger?
115) 11) dialog: On what?
115) 13) dialog: Yeah, I could too.  But... I don't  know why I'm even asking you this.   It's just... we can't place anybody  at the scene but these two gals that  everybody swears is sweet as pie.  I  don't know.  I keep hearing words --  impossible -- inconceivable.  If  just one person would say...
115) 15) dialog: That's what everybody says.  Only  problem is nobody's husband was  unaccounted for that night... Could  you shoot Eddie in the face?  At  point blank range?
115) 17) dialog: (getting up) I gotta go to Little Rock.
119) 0) text: Hal, FBI Man, various other police and detective types, p up in front of the house.  The front door swings open and there stands Darryl looking like he's been shot out of a  cannon.
121) 1) dialog: (to Darryl) As you know, we've tapped your phone.   In the event that she calls in.
121) 2) text: Max comes up and joins them as they walk down the hallway
121) 4) dialog: The important thing is not to let on  that you know anything.  We want to  try and find out where they are.   Now I don't want to get too personal,  but do you have a good relationship  with your wife?  Are you close with  her?
123) 0) text: Hal, Max, various other cops, and Darryl all watch as TV  plays back VCR TAPE of Thelma in the convenience store pu a gun.  In perfect lip sync is:
123) 2) text: TIGHT SHOT of Darryl's face going deeper and deeper into state of shock.  TIGHT SHOTS of Hal, Max, etc., all looki intently at the screen. VIDEO IMAGE of Thelma boldly ordering cashier to fill her purse with money.  As he's loading the purse with bills,  she's taking beef jerky from the display and putting it i there, too, while she points the gun at the cashier.
125) 6) dialog: (wearily) My Lord.
130) 0) text: Jimmy is in a small room with Hal, Max, other cops, looki stunned.
130) 2) dialog: Tell us about him.
130) 7) dialog: This is serious, son.  A man is dead.
131) 0) text: Jimmy is looking at police mug shots of a lot of young gu Hal shows Jimmy a mug shot of J.D.
131) 1) dialog: Is this the guy you saw them with?
131) 5) dialog: Armed robber.
136) 0) text: Darryl is sitting in the hallway.  Two officers are leadi J.D. down the hall. Hal, Max, other plainclothes officers follow.  Darryl loo at Hal questioningly.  Hal doesn't respond and the entour quickly goes into a room.  Darryl stands and crosses the  hall to the room as the door shuts in his face.
137) 2) dialog: That's Thelma Dickinson's husband.
139) 0) text: Hal, Max, J.D., other officers.  There is a VCR and monit set up in the room and they view the videotape of Thelma the convenience store.
139) 2) dialog: Well, son, she's doin' a damn sight  better 'n you right now.
139) 5) dialog: We spoke with a gentlemen today who  says he personally delivered very  close to that same amount to a Miss  Louise Sawyer.  Do you know her too?
139) 7) dialog: He said he took it to a motel in  Oklahoma City.  He also says that at  that time he met a man.  He identified  you through a series of mug shots.   He also told us that you and Mrs.  Dickinson seemed "close." Is that  true?
139) 11) dialog: Did either of them ever indicate  that they might be running from the  Law?
139) 13) dialog: You know what?  You're starting to  irritate me.
139) 15) text: Hal thinks for a moment and then looks to Max.
139) 16) dialog: Do you mind if I have a word with  him alone for a minute.
139) 17) text: Max agrees and opens the door for the others to leave.  H and Hal make eye contact before Max closes the door.
139) 19) text: Hal sits down across the table from J.D. and looks at him
139) 20) dialog: Son, I gotta feelin' about somethin'  and I just wanna ask your opinion.   Do you think Thelma Dickinson would  have committed armed robbery if you  hadn't taken all their money?
139) 22) dialog: Cat got your tongue?
139) 25) dialog: There's two girls out there that had  a chance, they had a chance...!  And  you blew it for 'em.  Now they've  gotten in some serious trouble, some  very serious trouble and for at least  part of it, I'm gonna hold you  personally responsible for anything  that happens to them.  I've got no  feelin' for you.  But I may be the  only person in the world who gives a  rat's ass what happens to them and  you're either gonna tell me every  damn thing you know, so there's a  small chance I can actually do them  some good, or I'm gonna be all over  you like a fly on shit for the rest  of your natural life.  Your misery  is gonna be my goddamn mission in  life.  That's a sincere promise.
139) 26) text: Hal walks over and opens the door and Max and the others  straggle back in.
139) 27) dialog: Now, for one thing, you violated  your parole two days out.  And you  know Judge Hainey.  He hates this  sort of thing.  Once he gets wind of  this, he's gonna blow sky high.  And  then when he finds out that you're a  possible accessory to murder and  armed robbery, well, I think we can  safely place your ass back in the  slammer for at least the remaining  eight, don't you?
140) 0) text: Darryl is sitting in the hallway.  Hal comes out of the r first.
140) 1) dialog: Mr. Dickinson, if you'll just hang  on, I want a word with you and then  we'll take you home.
140) 2) text: Police officers lead J.D. out of the interrogation room,  down the hallway.  Darryl is watching J.D. closely.  J.D. smirking at him. 
140) 5) text: Hal and another police officer are restraining Darryl. J.D. is led off down the hall.
143) 0) text: The TV is ON and the place is a mess. Darryl, Hal, Max, and other cops spring into action as th phone RINGS, putting on headsets, turning on tape recorde Darryl picks up the phone.
145) 0) text: Hal, Max, etc., all are gesticulating wildly.
147) 1) dialog: Shit.
149) 2) text: Darryl gives Hal and Max a look as if he's got it complet under control.  Clever guy.
151) 2) text: Hal comes over and takes the phone away from Darryl.  Hal looks at Max who nods, "take it."
151) 3) dialog: Hello, Miss Sawyer.  I'm Hal Slocumbe,  Chief Investigator, Homicide, Arkansas  State Police.  How are you?
152) 2) dialog: You girls are in some hot water.
153) 1) dialog: You're both okay?  Neither one of  you hurt?  You're bein' careful with  that gun?
154) 2) dialog: Good.  You wanna tell me what  happened?
155) 1) dialog: I just want you to know, neither one  of you are charged with murder yet.   You're still just wanted for  questioning.  Although, now, Mrs.   Dickinson's wanted in Oklahoma for  armed robbery.
156) 3) dialog: Miss Sawyer, I don't think y'all are  gonna make it to Mexico.  We should  talk.  Please.  I wanna to help you.
161) 0) text: All's quiet.  The large screen TV is ON and the room is f with dense smoke.  Hal, Max, sit at a table going over  paperwork.  Other plainclothes and surveillance guys play cards.  Darryl sits crumpled in his recliner staring blan at the TV.
178) 0) text: Hal and Max are alone in the kitchen.  Hal switches on th Mr. Coffee.
178) 2) dialog: He's got nothin' to gain by lyin'.   Nothin' at all.  He already got all  their money.  I just don't know what  we're dealin' with here.  Anyway, it  went out again last night on  Nationwide Teletype.  Let's just  wait it out a little longer.  She  said she was gonna call back.  Let's  just sit tight.
178) 4) dialog: It don't matter.  Brains will only  get you so far and luck always runs  out.
178) 5) text: A cop walks into the kitchen and hands Hal a file that sa Louise Elizabeth Sawyer on the outside.  He opens it up a starts looking through a personal history.  One piece of  paper is a case file from Texas containing an incident re of a rape.  Stamped across it are the words "charges drop
181) 4) dialog: Hello, Louise.
182) 2) dialog: How are things goin' out there?
182) 4) dialog: You're still with us though.  You're  somewhere on the face of the earth?
183) 0) text: Hal smiles.
183) 1) dialog: I swear.  Louise, I almost feel like  I know you.
183) 3) dialog: You're gettin' in deeper every moment  you're gone.
183) 5) dialog: I do believe you.  That's what I  want everybody to believe.  Trouble  is, it doesn't look like an accident  and you're not here to tell me about  it... I need you to help me here.
184) 1) dialog: Did Harlan Puckett...
184) 4) dialog: You want to come on in?
185) 1) dialog: Then I'm sorry.  We're gonna have to  charge you with murder.  Now, do you  want to come out of this alive?
185) 2) text: The surveillance man motions to Hal to keep it going. Darryl comes in and immediately realizes Hal is talking t Louise.  Darryl looks attentively at Hal.
186) 2) dialog: Louise, I'll do anything.  I know  what's makin' you run.  I know what  happened to you in Texas.
187) 0) text: Frustrated, Hal slams down the phone.  He looks over at t surveillance man who nods to say "we got it."  The whole  room reacts excitedly.  Everyone in the room springs into action.  Max immediately picks up the phone and Hal watch him intently.  He mouths the words to Max -- "I wanna go" emphatically.  Max slightly shakes his head, still of the phone.  Hal goes charging over to Max.
187) 1) dialog: Max.  You gotta take me there!  I'm...  I'm the only one she's ever talked  to.  I don't want anybody losin'  their heads.  You know what happens.   The volume gets turned way up and  the next thing you know those girls  are gonna get shot.
189) 0) text: A car pulls up on an airstrip and stops next to a small j Hal and Max get out of the car and board the plane.
203) 0) text: Max and Hal sit next to each other in the jet.  Hal tries appear as if he's used to all this.  Max holds a cellular phone to his ear. TIGHT SHOT of Max as we hear through the phone: Police VOICE OVER becomes part of scene.
203) 2) text: Max's face becomes troubled and more serious than we've s so far.  He looks at Hal as he hangs up the phone.
206) 0) text: Hal and Max are climbing out of the jet and running acros the tarmac to a waiting helicopter.  Max is carrying a wa talkie now.
212) 0) text: There are now two police cars behind them about half a mi back.  They are going really fast.  A police helicopter  catches up to them and orders them to stop.  Thelma stand and flips them off.
226) 0) text: All the police cars are still following about a half a mi behind.  The car is bouncing and flying across the desert Finally, they get about twenty yards from the edge and Lo SLAMS on the brakes. Thelma and Louise are just waiting for the cars to catch The police cars stop in a line about two hundred yards be them.  The dust from the cars is blowing across them.  Th just sit looking at the Grand Canyon. From the canyon, the FBI helicopter rises up in front of car.
227) 0) text: Hal sees Thelma and Louise for the first time.  They are  sitting in the car, oblivious in a way, to all the activi around them.  He only takes his eyes off of them long eno to look at Max.
229) 1) text: He sees Thelma and Louise facing each other.  They look s nice.  He can't stop looking.  He borrows the binoculars  from Max.  He sees Thelma and Louise in the car.  Some of the police sharpshooters are sporting semi-automatic rifl Hal looks at Max.
229) 2) dialog: Hey!  Don't let them shoot those  girls.  This is too much.  They got  guns pointed at 'em!
229) 4) text: Max climbs out of the chopper.  Hal sits for a moment and then leaps out and follows Max.
233) 0) text: Hal is about to crawl out of his skin.  He can't believe  this thing is getting out of control.  He jumps in front Max.
233) 1) dialog: Max!  Let me talk to 'em!  I can't  believe this!  You've gotta do  something here!
233) 2) text: Max goes around Hal and continues walking.  Hal jumps in  front of Max again and blocks his way.
233) 3) dialog: I'm sorry to bother you, I know you're  real busy right now, but how many  times, Max?  How many times has that  woman gotta be fucked over?  You  could lift one finger and save her  ass and you won't even do that?
233) 5) text: Max lets go of Hal's lapels.
233) 6) dialog: (under his breath) Shit!  I can't fucking believe this!
233) 7) text: Hal walks along with a look of total disbelief on his fac He's shaking his head.  Slowly he breaks into a trot and  starts heading toward the front line.
233) 9) text: Hal is running now and clears the front row of cars. There is a lot of confusion among the officers on the fro row.  Some shout, some lower their guns to look.
235) 0) text: Hal's eyes widen for a moment at what he sees, and then a sense of calm overtakes him and he mouths the word "alrig