1) 0) text: LOUISE is a waitress in a coffee shop.  She is in her ear thirties, but too old to be doing this.  She is very pret and meticulously groomed, even at the end of her shift. is slamming dirty coffee cups from the counter into a bus tray underneath the counter.  It is making a lot of RACKE which she is oblivious to.  There is COUNTRY MUZAK in the b.g., which she hums along with.
16) 3) text: A WAITRESS comes over and drops two menus on the table.
16) 4) dialog: Y'all wanna drink?
16) 7) text: As the Waitress leaves:
16) 12) text: As the Waitress returns:
16) 15) text: As the Waitress leaves, a MAN comes over with a chair whi he pulls up to the table and straddles backwards. He is in his late-40's, heavyset, his face is shiny in th neon light.
16) 21) text: The Waitress returns with Louise's drink.
16) 22) dialog: Harlan, are you botherin' these poor  girls?
16) 24) dialog: (making eye contact  with Louise) It's a good thing they're not all as  friendly as you.
16) 38) text: Thelma knocks back her shot of Wild Turkey and holds up h glass to the Waitress to bring her another one.  The Wait sees her and nods.  She turns back to face her friend.
16) 45) text: They both drift off momentarily, contemplating their dome problems, until the Waitress comes over:
16) 46) dialog: (rolling her eyes) This one's on Harlan.
18) 0) text: The Waitress is going over to their table.  She picks up  Thelma's purse off the floor and puts it on her chair. She sets the check on the table, looks around to see if s can see them and walks away.
23) 0) text: Louise is paying the Waitress.  The Waitress is shaking h head, indicating she hasn't seen Thelma either. Louise picks up Thelma's stuff and heads towards the door
28) 6) text: Thelma nods more firmly now.  She understands. VARIOUS POV SHOTS of truck drivers seeing Thelma and Loui wind their way towards the restaurant portion of the coff shop.  They look small and incongruous with the surroundi INT.  TRUCK STOP - TIGHT SHOT - WAITRESS' HANDS - 4 A.M. slamming dirty coffee cups from the counter into a bus tr underneath the counter.  REVEAL Louise and Thelma sitting the counter.  Louise is looking at a map.  The car is par outside, near the door.
28) 15) text: The Waitress comes and fills their coffee cups. Thelma stands up to go to the bathroom.  She grabs her pu from the counter, and the strap catches on her coffee cup and it falls to the floor with a CRASH.  All heads turn a look at her.
28) 17) text: HOLD on Louise. EXT.  SILVER BULLET PARKING LOT - 4:00 A.M. Police cars are parked around.  The activity has died dow Doors on the coroner's van SLAM shut.  In the back of a p car sits the Waitress with the door open.  A DETECTIVE in suit leans over the car door with his note pad.
54) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of an "indent-a-kit" likeness of Louise.  On a table nearby lies a drawing strongly resembling Thelma. Lena, the waitress, sits next to the plain-clothes cop wh holds the indent-a-kit.  Hal picks up the drawing and stu it closely.
113) 16) text: Jimmy gets up and leaves the coffee shop.  Louise watches him go.  A WAITRESS comes over and fills her coffee cup.
113) 17) dialog: Good thing he left when he did.  We  thought we were gonna have to put  out a fire.
113) 18) text: The Waitress chuckles and the other waitresses do too.  L waves to Jimmy in the back of the cab.  The cab driver wi at her.  She smiles to herself.
116) 11) text: Thelma is just about to shriek when the Waitress comes ov and puts a coffee cup on the table and pours some. Thelma gets a grip on herself for a moment then loses it the Waitress goes away.