7) 10) text: As Po throws his cane into the backseat of his black-on- black Austin-Martin. Climbs in and ABRUPTLY GUNS past an arriving car to vanish into the night. The arriving driver gets out to watch the others disperse. This is our first glimpse of COLIN O'DAY (BLACK, EARLY 20'S). A late young man wondering what it is he's just missed...
50) 2) dialog: You know that Chinese cat got whacked?
50) 5) dialog: Po somethin' or other. Anyway, that's what I wanna tell you... (lower now) I got a call from him that night. No bullshit -- same night he got killed.
50) 7) dialog: That's what I can't figure, Dad. Never got a chance to meet him...
50) 9) dialog: Gotta go, Dad. Call me back at my place. He HANGS UP. Big sister's face is not happy.
50) 13) dialog: Forgot. I was in a hurry
50) 15) dialog: (shrugs) He's our father. You can't spend the rest of your life just pretending he ain't.
50) 17) dialog: What if he got murdered ‘cause I knew something and didn't tell? Huh? Or thrown back in? (determined) Right or wrong it's all about family. Qur family. She watches as the curtains close behind him.
69) 0) text: Where Colin and his GIRLFRIEND are making a nice dinner. The scene here is surprisingly domestic -- Krups coffee maker, sushi machine, the works... His girl wears a bathrobe, Colin ranting around the room in just sweatpants...
69) 1) dialog: It's like they don't think I can handle my own business...
69) 3) dialog: My father's got to realize I'm cut from the same cloth. He's gotta start respecting my manhood...
69) 5) dialog: Like that call I got. I try and do the right thing, help hin out... Hell, I never even hear back... The DOOR BUZZES. She wipes her hands on a towel...
69) 7) dialog: (calling after her) When is it gonna be my turn to get busy, that's what I want to know? When do I run the show?
70) 2) dialog: Comes flying out right behind her -- tied to a dining room chair, face wearing all the hallmarks of a fearsome beating. Ladies first, I guess.
72) 0) text: Where Colin's body is being dredged from the same waters. WE PULL BACK to see the POLICE DIVERS and WINCH OPERATORS... then FURTHER STILL to unveil several police boats circled around them. The corpse is eased onto a deck. That boat then GUNNING FOR SHORE followed by AN AERIAL SHOT...
73) 0) text: Where Colin's body is ferried ashore, A FULL-BLOWN CRIME SCENE now surrounding the landing.