1) 0) text: Where TWO YOUNG CHINESE BROTHERS (PO AND HAN) fight for their lives atop a jagged skyline of breaking whitecaps. CREDITS BEGIN TO ROLL... The sea has never seemed more violent, dancing and choking them from swell to swell. The makeshift raft keeping them afloat nothing but a tattered basketball. Yet they doggedly cling together, a shared dream and their love for each other conspiring to keep them alive. Welcome to the eight-hour escape from Mainland China to the promise of a new life in Hong Kong.
6) 0) text: Where PO SUNG (MID 30'S) drains off his third vodka rocks. Looks very much the Asian-American playboy -- hair fucked up, Zegna suit and tie, tea shades complementing a bone-handled cane. (CONTINUFD)
9) 0) text: Where Syndicate Overlord CH'U SUNG (60'S) channel-surfs the MORNING SHOWS while chain-smoking his beloved Marlboro Reds. He looks to be a jocular man, outwardly sweetened by his advanced age and success, occasionally LAUGHING at the t.v... His EVEN OLDER MAID finally drags away the lavish breakfast tray he's ignored...
13) 3) dialog: Watches this from the eating benches. We're immediately struck by his dignified carriage, unbowed by captivity. Face as self-~possessed and patient as the young McQueen. ONE OF THE NEW PRISONERS approaches him.
13) 5) text: You are Han Sung? Han gives him a piercing once-over before nodding. The New Prisoner takes a seat beside him. NEW PRISONER (cont'd) (MANDARIN)
13) 6) text: I have word of your family. The bad news is relayed quietly. Han's devastation is that of Ch'u squared. He tries to speak, but finds his throat mute... (CONTINUED)
13) 10) text: Stay quiet, Officer Sung. Your stupid words ruin a golden silence. Han matches his glare. Thinks. Then HAMMERS his tray of steaming crap into the bastard's face. Cheekbones CRACK, nose EXPLODES. The cane is snatched up and WHIPLASHED IN A BLUR across the man's head and chest... A RUSH OF GUARDS descend. He TAKES A FEW OUT before they DOG-PILE his ass to the ground... INT. HSING-KANG PRISON - CORRIDOR - DAY a Where Han -~- apparently unconscious -- is DRAGGED down a concrete tunnel by FOUR GUARDS IN RIOT GEAR. His eyes flicker just as WE ENTER...
14) 0) text: No Amnesty International stickers here -- this is the place where prisoners go to die. The Riot Squad drags Han in, shellacking him with BATONS to the gut... Two guards prop him up as a long-chained shackle is clamped to his left ankle. The other cuff is to be thrown over the ceiling beam to hoist him for a good, long beating... Evidently Han has other plans. His leg ROCKETS from the six to twelve position to K.O. the man closest. He JERKS THE CHAIN FREE from Number Two then.whips it back out, COILING IT around the guy's neck... Two steps, THREE KICKS and a pair of busted face shields later Numbers Three and Four meet a similar demise. Then Han starts digging for keys...
16) 0) text: Where Han searches frantically for a way out. Finally he comes upon...
17) 0) text: Where A FLEA-BITTEN JANITOR waits there for the Teller to cash his puny payroll check. Han passes through, those £f. a. sh. do’ ash leering back from the cage. Janitor catches Han staring. They share a look. Smile. The ALARM KLAXON ERUPTS SUDDENLY. The Teller grabs the * HOUSE PHONE to receive orders. Takes a baton and THUNDERS OUT for the main prison. A second shared look. Han's hand DARTS OUT to halt the cage door inches from closing. Two more smiles. Han passes an obese stack of currency through to the man -- then takes one for himself and makes for the exits... The janitor thinks. Scoops up his paycheck as well.
19) 0) text: Where WE SEE GUARDS double-time through, weapons in hand.
20) 0) text: Where Han is still looking for a way out.
23) 0) text: Where Han climbs higher still up the shaft...
25) 0) text: 29 Where the HATCH OPENS and Han finds the two helicopters. The first TAKES TO THE AIR. Han runs to the second and jumps onto the skids as it LIFTS OFF as well... The guards SWARM OUT OF THE HATCH seconds behind as Han is flown to freedom.
27) 0) text: 390 31 Where the chopper carries Han out over the Harbor. He LOOKS DOWN... then abruptly lets go to DROP INTO THE WATER. The helicopter WINGS AROUND and circles over the splash point -- but there's no sign of him.
28) 0) text: Where the patrol boats RACE BY. As they pass WE SEE 32 Han SURFACE and climb into the small compartment centering the buoy. As he closes the door WE CATCH SIGHT OF an airplane passing overhead...
36) 0) text: Where Han exchanges Chinese currency for U.S. Dollars, a travel bag slung over his shoulder.
38) 0) text: Where Han pays THE CASHIER and loads various purchases into his travel bag.
40) 0) text: Where Han follows an empty taxi pulling in. He approaches the PAKISTANI CAB DRIVER and holds out...
40) 2) dialog: Can you take me here? It's my brother's place.
41) 0) text: As Han slides behind the wheel. Checks the visor for the keys first. No luck. Shrugs acceptantly.
43) 2) dialog: Two words -- off duty.
46) 0) text: «Han BARRELING down the wrong side of the street. After a frantic game of chicken with on-coming cars he gets it and drops into the right-hand lane. Different country, different customs. (CONTINUED)
46) 4) dialog: Hong Kong.
46) 6) dialog: Forgot. It’s broken. She studies him in the rearview for a moment.
46) 8) dialog: Only when I can't find a bicycle. Do you want me to pull over?
46) 10) dialog: What's that?
46) 12) dialog: (amused) Of course. State law.
46) 14) dialog: Especially the women. Trish checks to see if he's putting her on. LAUGHS WARMLY when she catches sight of his smile.
48) 2) dialog: Sure.
48) 6) dialog: Easily.
49) 0) text: As Han shakily maneuvers the taxi to the curb.
49) 3) dialog: Meter broken. Remember?
49) 5) dialog: I don't want your money. 52 53 54 (CONTINUED)
49) 9) dialog: {turning now) What was your name?
49) 11) dialog: I don't have a phone.
51) 0) text: Where Han drives up. Checks the address against Po's crumpled letter.
52) 0) text: Where Han finds his Brother's place. He takes out a_hand- i i ill and SLOTS THE LOCK...
53) 0) text: Where Han at last enters his lost brother's world. He drifts in with the reverence of a churchgoer, drinking in the silent statements of Po's home and belongings.
55) 3) dialog: Yeah. Keep following. A beat. They ease on down the block...
57) 2) dialog: This is the last number my brother called before he died. (she reads it) It's the number for your shop. (CONTINUED)
57) 6) dialog: His name was Po Sung.
57) 8) dialog: He called.
57) 10) dialog: Brother?
57) 12) dialog: We should talk to him. Have him fill in the blanks. Then THE HYPNOTIC GRIND OF HIP-HOP interrupts them as a car PULLS IN...
57) 17) dialog: No problem. By the way... (as they stand close together) My name is Han. They connect for an instant as WE HARD CUT TO --
58) 1) dialog: Backing down the stairs doing his best "Chinese Delivery Boy" -- shirt buttoned all the way up, bowing repeatedly and waving his two dollar “tip".
58) 2) dialog: (exaggerated accent) Dim sum good. Call again. Dim sum all time...
58) 5) dialog: Dim sum good. Another bow and Han escapes down the stairs...
60) 0) text: Where Maurice and Co. rush onto the flight above Han...
60) 2) dialog: (gives him an out) Let it go.
61) 0) text: Where Han enters a narrow corridor of chain-link between buildings.
62) 0) text: As Han shuts the door and takes the wheel...
62) 1) dialog: Great country. Free cars. He sticks his head out to make eye-contact with Trish WATCHING from her apartment window above. Totally taken with the display she's just seen. en_h FF r i e street a -- SaneaiG the unfortunate side mircore of anyone acain on his left side..
65) 0) text: Where Han appears on a distant bridqe above the glassy waters of the pond.
66) 0) text: Where the viewing continues. Then it's Han's turn to step through the shroud of incense to reach the corpse. He stares long and hard at the waxy certainty of his Brother's death. He takes the tattered basketball and tucks it into the coffin. A telling final farewell. Then Han looks up sharply to lock eyes with Ch'u. His father's brow briefly furrows with surprise, but neither face betrays what either man feels inside... INT. CH'U SUNG'S MANSION - STUDY - DAY ao Where Han enters to stand opposite his father. Their eyes brimming with the many hard years that have passed since last seeing each other. (CONTINUED)
66) 4) dialog: (quietly) Father. They share an awkward embrace. The distance between them great, the bond between them eternal, for better or worse.
67) 0) text: Where Han and his father are now locked in conversation...
67) 3) dialog: (MANDARIN)
67) 7) dialog: (MANDARIN)
67) 10) dialog: 
67) 18) dialog: (MANDARIN)
67) 22) dialog: (MANDARIN)
67) 23) text: We shall see. The cold man calls out to halt Han's exit. His face worried and sallow...
67) 26) dialog: And you?
67) 30) dialog: Tell me.
67) 32) dialog: Why there?
67) 34) dialog: These blacks. Why war with them?
67) 36) dialog: (sotto) Only so many rats in a cage before they start tearing each other apart.
67) 37) text: As Kai removes his sunglasses and moves into a stance opposite Han. Han grins at the invitation and quickly enjoins him in A FRIENDLY EXCHANGE... WE FOLLOW THEM across the roof -- THRUST... THRUST... BLOCK... STRIKE... PARRY... Kai SUDDENLY FOOT-SWEEPS and follows Han down, poised for the kill shot. For the first and only time now we see Kai smile as he helps his opponent up... (CONTINUED)
67) 42) dialog: People don't get soft in prison.
68) 2) dialog: That's quite an appetite.
68) 4) dialog: May-be. But I wanted to hear what your brother said.
68) 10) dialog: What's his name?
68) 12) text: As Isaak's right-hand man reaches them. He plays it cool, the smiling killer, casing Han with a friendly glance...
68) 20) dialog: My friends call me "Ahkbar”.
68) 24) dialog: I don't know the game.
68) 30) dialog: That's all?
68) 36) dialog: (stumbling back) How come nobody else gets hit?
68) 44) dialog: (not asking, telling) It's time to get some answers from your brother.
73) 6) text: Don't say anything to the police, I'll handle that. His daughter finds herself simply overcome by grief...
74) 0) text: Where Han arrives to some bad news. The front door has been broken open. Looks like somebody sledgehammered it, nearly rocking it off the hinges. Han drifts through the wreckage of his brother's home. E has been ransacked and turned inside-out. Looking for what, Han has no idea.
75) 0) text: Where Han faces a line of cars filling the garage. But where to start? He thinks for a minute -- then DEACTIVATES Po's alarm using the button on the key ring. Its TELLTALE BLEETING singles out his brother's Austin- Martin.
76) 0) text: Where Han now returns to his brother's apartment to find Trish awaiting him on the couch. Her feet stir aimlessly through the splintered carnage...
76) 1) dialog: (concerned) What is it? What's happened?
76) 3) dialog: Trish... (CONTINUED)
76) 8) dialog: How did it happen?
76) 10) dialog: (anger rising) No leads at all, no witnesses... She shakes her head. Then...
80) 3) dialog: Whatever they mean, Po didn't want them found. Stashed them good enough that they wouldn't be.
80) 5) dialog: (MANDARIN)
80) 9) dialog: (MANDARIN)
80) 13) dialog: (MANDARIN)
81) 0) text: As Han and Trish drive through A BUSTLING CHINESE NEIGHBORHOOD in contrast to what we've just seen. Trish finds herself gazing out the window. This is a whole new world to her -- a part of the city she's never experienced.
81) 2) dialog: No. More crowded.
81) 4) dialog: Yes.
81) 6) dialog: It saved them from prison. (off her look) We raided a tanker muling drugs into the city. Evidence tied it to my brother and father.
81) 8) dialog: (nodding) . My father had already gone to America -- the danger was really to Po.
81) 10) dialog: Forty-two years.
81) 12) dialog: Seventy-two hours. Trish reflects. Trying to get her head around the events that have thrown them together... (CONTINUED)
81) 16) dialog: One way for sure -- we've both lost brothers.
82) 0) text: Where a faded Chinese sign confronts them as they ease through the gate. .The grounds are a barren landscape of crushed automobiles, stacked up like so much cordwood... HAN (v.o.) You sure this is right? TRISH (v.o.) That's what the list says -- Forty-forty Driggs.
83) 0) text: Where the couple gets out. The yard is CONSPICUOUSLY QUIET -- none of the cranes working, lifts and loaders abandoned. The office is locked. Han considers this. Moves to the door. Takes the handle and starts it SLOWLY GRINDING UPWARD...
83) 3) dialog: (impassively) You better wait outside. She retreats as Han wanders deeper inside. They've stumbled onto a chop shop -- walls honeycombed with auto parts stolen for any make from Cadillac to Hyundai.
84) 0) text: Where recently-deceased owner VICTOR HO (Overlord #1) sits upright -- the swimsuit calendar behind him spackled with most of his head. We recognize him from the big meeting with Ch'u. Han lays a hand on Ho's throat. The body is stiil warm. Looks down. A fumbled cigar STILL SMOULDERS on the floor. As it hits him, CAR ENGINES ERUPT OUTSIDE...
85) 0) text: Where Han rushes out to find THE KILLERS escaping, faces hidden. He and Trish must have stumbled onto them just as they had finished and were ready to leave... A MOTORCYCLE bring up the rear. Han leaps into the sedan to follow...
85) 1) dialog: (to Trish) Get out...
85) 3) dialog: (resigned) Then get down.
86) 0) text: As Han slaloms the pavement, playing bump and run with THE HELMETED RIDER... The cyclist withdraws an automatic and CUTS LOOSE with a ribbon of bullets. Han shoves Trish protectively under the dash...
86) 1) dialog: ..-and stay down.
86) 6) text: The cyclist TUCKS AND ROLLS onto the cement, Han flying out to meet them. A beat as they circle. Then the helmet comes off. The rider is a woman -- a Chinese woman .
86) 7) dialog: (hesitates in surprise) You're Chinese.
86) 9) dialog: (half beat) You're also out of bullets. Off his HARD RIGHT WE HARD CUT TO --
87) 0) text: Where Ch'u is going over various documents. A SUDDEN COMMOTION OUTSIDE. The MAID'S VOICE rising in a singsong bark as Han BURSTS through the doors...
87) 1) dialog: I just came from Victor Ho's place.
87) 3) dialog: Let's just say business was dead. He and his crew were killed minutes before I got there. (CONTINUED)
87) 7) dialog: Ho was hit by Chinese.
87) 9) dialog: (shakes head) Very possible. Long beat as Ch'u garners where his son is going with this...
87) 11) dialog: (shrugs) Maybe Kai knows something about it? He's a family enforcer -- might have heard something.
87) 13) dialog: Now you overestimate his power.
93) 0) text: Where Trish sleeps bathed in early morning light. A_gioved hand INCHES INTO FRAME. The slumbering girl seems to sense it drawing closer... SNAPPING AWAKE WITH A START...
101) 0) text: Where Han has returned to keep watch from the perimeter beyond the gate...
104) 0) text: Where Han has arrived wishing he'd brought some climbing gear -~ she's on the second storey and he doesn't have any way up. (CONTINUED)
104) 3) text: As Han runs up the side of the house in a blur -- PING- PONGING from the grass onto a trash can... trash can to a window sill... window sill to the heavy Colonial awning... awning to reach out and snag the railing of Trish's balcony. He gets a good grip and chins himself up.
107) 0) text: Where Trish slips back inside. Han steps out from behind the door to give her a_scare. He rushes to quiet her and they end up STUMBLING BACKWARDS onto the bed. Long beat. The couple now checking each other out nose- to-nose from the prone position.
109) 0) text: As she EASES THE DOOR CLOSED in his face. Han peeks out from the bathroom to make sure it's clear. From the balcony, he wonders at getting them down. An idea strikes him. He proudly turns to find Trish still ng. Han windmills into a Buster Keaton pirouette -- almost knocking himself over trying not to see her.
110) 0) text: Where WE WATCH a knotted bed sheet uncoil over the railing. Han lowers himself down first. Then holds the rope for a beaming Trish. They ROCKET across the grounds into safety.
116) 0) text: Where they part a jungle of frozen pig carcasses on bloody hooks to find... THE FINAL OVERLORDS (#4 and #5) Hanging upside-down in the front of the car. They dangle helplessly, mouths gagged, eyes dark and wild with fear...
117) 0) text: Where Trish is now at the wheel. Han pours over the copied deed, his brow wrinkling with concern...
117) 2) dialog: This address matches the last entry on Po's list. I already checked the others -- they've either been cleared out or sold.
117) 4) dialog: Where is this?
120) 0) text: Where Trish and Han now stand waiting. She notices THE BEVY OF HOSTILE STARES coming from all directions. This place is way too hot for any Chinese to be making the scene right now -- especially Han. To get out from under the magnifying glass, Trish drags Han...
122) 0) text: Where Han feels a_ large hand clamp down on his shoulder. Ready for the worst, he spins around to find...
122) 3) dialog: (nodding) Victor Ho's was the last. He-was taken down this afternoon. The owner's face is etched with a deep concern. Looks directly to Trish...
123) 1) dialog: Play it cool. We'll walk right out. But they're not halfway there before a monkey wrench gets heaved into their plans. Mac stumbles out to the staircase astride Silk's office...
123) 9) dialog: (to Trish) Folio le. Now COMPLETE AND UTTER PANDEMONIUM FOLLOWS -- PEOPLE YELLING AND STAMPEDING INTO A MOB SCENE...
125) 0) text: As Han and Trish fight their way towards the open DJ booth, the Chinese using A VARIETY OF MANEUVERS ACROSS THE TABLES (PER CHOREOGRAPHY)to force back the crowd and get them there... They scale the stairs at last, MORE OF SILK'S SECURITY right on their heels. Passing THE OPEN-MOUTHED DJ they slip through a_small service door into...
127) 0) text: Where the hatch POPS OPEN and they scramble onto the flat tar surface. A quick look around. Three stories up now without a lot of options for getting down. Han runs the far side. Discovers a wall of scaffolding against the Bay side of the building.
129) 0) text: Where Han and Trish LEAP onto the scaffolding. The metal webbing TEETERS PRECARIOUSLY under their weight.
129) 6) dialog: Hang_on. The entire structure LURCHES FREE. Beginning to TOPPLE SICKENINGLY for the water...
129) 7) text: As Silk's men are forced to pull up, realizing they'll never make it in time. - However ONE OF THEM decides to go for the brass ring -- sprinting to the edge and making a_spectacular leap through the air. He catches the scaffolding on its way down... Han watches him, greatly intrigued. Even as they drop, the soldier locks an arm around a bar and goes free-hand for his gatt... A smile of encouragement from the Chinese. The guy realizes this isn't good. Looks down sharply...
130) 0) text: Where an ostentatious "Q'DAY ENTERPRISES" placard runs the gold-plated facade. Han and Trish furtively arrive out front. She quickly keys them inside...
131) 0) text: The professional suite where Isaak's legitimate business interests are overseen. Trish and Han recover here from their near-death escape. They've been through the ringer tonight and it shows -- hair trashed, clothes still damp, a cornucopia of cuts and abrasions shared between them. Han notices a surveyors map of the Waterfront pulled down across one wall. Grids cleanly parceling the land into zoning districts.
131) 1) dialog: I need a pen.
131) 5) dialog: What?
131) 9) dialog: Leave it...
131) 13) dialog: (smiles) Not even the second. SHARP HISS as peroxide meets wound. Trish empties a pack of fiberglass powder into the water. Wraps his arm in dry gauze first, then a second dressing dipped in the starchy concoction... It hardens instantly. Han STARTS IN SURPRISE as she RAPS her knuckles on the bandage -- now a cast as solid as a piece of wood.
132) 0) text: Where Han now marks up the hanging surveyor's map. THE CAMERA IS FRAMING HIM so we can't see what he's working on. Trish sits opposite watching. A long beat before he finishes... (flatly) There is no war between black and Chinese. It's a smoke screen. SLOWLY NOW THE CAMERA CHEATS AROUND TO SHOW... (CONTINUED)
132) 6) dialog: Grabbing up these properties -- as many as they can get their hands on.
132) 8) dialog: Don't know yet. But both sides have been killing their own for Tee {an ugly realization washes over him) My brother was dead the moment he found out about it. No matter what he did.
132) 10) dialog: Po must have called to see what Colin knew -- what they could do together to stop it.
134) 0) text: Where Han is reviewing Trish's photocopied deed more closely. THE CAMERA FINDS the property recipient listed as "ROTH EQUITY NGS"...
134) 1) dialog: All the properties are being turned over to a single company -- Roth Equity Holdings. It may be just a shell, maybe not... He folds the document and gives it to her. HAN (cont'd) Take this and the list to the police. Explain what's happening, tell them everything.
134) 3) dialog: I'm going to talk to the new owners. MAC (o.s.) Wrong, Dim Sum. Your ass is staying right here. Han whirls to find...
134) 8) dialog: It's hard to build anything on a mountain of bodies. People will find out, they'll stop you.
134) 10) dialog: Share a final, desperate glance from across the room. Her brave face fractured with panic as Ma¢ hustles her out... It's the last thing Han sees before his temple is BUTTED with the heel of a shotgun.
136) 0) text: Where Han regains consciousness in the midst of THE WORST STOMPING OF HIS LIFE. Maurice and his dogs have him chained to a support column and...
136) 10) dialog: (raspy, spitting out blood) What?
136) 24) dialog: You ain't the only one knows some shit. And with a YANK they both go spiraling out...
137) 0) text: Where WE WATCH as Han and Maurice plummet for the Pavement. The Chinese now pulls A SPECTACULAR MOVE -- spinning Mo underneath him in mid-air to use him as a human_air bag
139) 38) dialog: Two-man game now, Mac. The young lieutenant leans back to rake his barrel across the nape of Trish's neck...
139) 40) dialog: (dispassionate) I want to know why you murdered my brother.
139) 42) dialog: (insistent) What about Po?
139) 44) dialog: Behind you.
139) 51) text: As Han and Trish kneel to check Isaak's wound. It's real bad, but he's hanging in. WE HOLD FOR A MOMENT on the ex-gangster, his eyes now silently doing what his seized throat cannot -- thanking Han for saving his daughter and himself. Han covers him with his jacket. Gently places a finger to Trish's lips before leaving...
140) 0) text: Where Han covers the glass pane over the door's deadbolt and SOUNDLESSLY KNOCKS IT OUT.
141) 0) text: A lavish second floor housing bright Asian flora. Below them, a pool of exotic fish consumes the entire ground level. Han enters the lush greenery. For a moment we're taken aback, feeling as if we've awoken in the humid heart of an Asian jungle. Han wanders in...
141) 4) dialog: You believed yourself a much better choice. (CONTINUED)
141) 8) text: As again they take stances opposite each other -- their former kinship replaced by an unbridled and unabashed hatred. This is the most scintillating moment in the entire movie. A MARTIAL ARTS BATTLE ROYAL beginning only two men of this caliber could create. There is a vicious grace to the combat, their contrasting styles well-suited. Kai the younger and more aggressive, Han more patient and precise... Han launches A HURRICANE OF KICKS, forcing his enemy back. Kai responds with A COMBINATION OF PUNCHES, hunting and pecking away to the body. Then Han raises the ante. Grabbing Kai's neck and unleashing A SERIES OF HEAD-TO-KNEES -- face forced down, knee savagely coming up to tenderize it. Kai SPINS FREE and SLAMS KICKS to Han's groin and solar plexus, sucking the air out him. And so the war rages...
141) 11) dialog: And you?
141) 15) dialog: (MANDARIN)
141) 16) text: What is it like, Father? He brings Kai's weapon up and trains it on the old man's heart. HAN (cont'd) (MANDARIN)
141) 19) dialog: (MANDARIN)
141) 22) dialog: Except the right thing. Except what you knew was right. (torn apart) To take his side and be his father. Han stands teetering with an unendurable amount of rage. Never has he wanted to kill with the hunger he does right now.
141) 26) dialog: No. I have honored my brother properly -- I found those responsible for his death. (slowly) The rest is for others, strangers. Han RACKS A SINGLE ROUND into the chamber and SLIDES the weapon's full clip into his pocket. q 1 A in _butt-fi L
141) 27) dialog: If the police don't get you, the other Chinese families will. He slides it across. Giving the old man just one bullet to do his bidding. One bullet for either himself or his son... HAN (cont'd) Do what you will, Ch'u. But this time no one will go to prison for you. It serves as their final good-bye. Han slowly turns and 1 ove: wi Completely exposing himself to the mercy of his murderous father. Ch'u picks up the weapon... levels it Han's back...
142) 4) dialog: es from inside in MATRIX-SsT' -MOTION as well. The Chinese resembles a human train wreck at this point, completely trashed by his long odyssey. But he alone stands as sole survivor. The couple cuts a path through the circus of law enforcement, STAYING IN SLOW-MOTION, focused only on each other...
142) 5) dialog: Where he scans her face before they touch -- the gentle lilt tells him Isaak is going to be alright. Then they come together in a long dreamed-of embrace... Trish softly pulls free. Leans in to kiss him. You know, it is a great country. He just might stay. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK as Trish holds tightly to Han's hand, the couple centered within the chaos. THEN BACK FURTHER STILL AS WE...