10) 2) dialog: Fuck Tiger. I hate this game. Then WE HEAR A PHONE RINGING inside the house...
11) 0) text: Where the phone waits on the counter. Isaak puts it to his ear, idly opening the refrigerator door...
11) 1) dialog: (talking into phone) What do you have to tell me? He slips a half-gallon of milk from the ice box, dribbling some onto his chest as he takes a hit straight out the carton. t's a small thing, but very revealing -- the street manners of the man abruptly peaking through to the surface... ISAAK (cont'd) (suddenly attentive) Sung's boy? Is that so? Who did it? (half beat) Damned straight you better put it together. (CONTINUED)
11) 4) dialog: This might mess things up. EXT. HONG KONG - AERIAL SHOT - ESTABLISHING i4 As WE GLIDE OVER the TEEMING METROPOLIS.. Her bright face of glass and steel confidently poised on the brink of the New Millennium...
31) 0) text: Where WE FOLLOW Isaak and MAC -- an ambitious young lieutenant climbing the O'Day corporate ladder -- across the terminal. SEVERAL BLACK ASSOCIATES of Isaak's on their heels. The entourage passes cleanly through the metal detector - except for Mac. Tense moment here as we wonder what he's packing. Then two pagers and a cellphone later he's allowed in.
31) 2) dialog: Nice touch with the metal detectors. Keeps everybody honest. (CONTINUED)
31) 7) dialog: I had absolutely nothing to do with it.
31) 9) dialog: Stuff like this is senseless for everyone -- it doesn't pay. If it was someone on my side, I'd flay his ass and have it messengered over. I've got kids myself, you know,
31) 11) dialog: You have my condolences, of course...
31) 13) dialog: ...But I'm done telling you it wasn't me. Believe it or don't, that's your business.
33) 0) text: As OTHER BLACK BAD-ASSES step to Isaak and Mac in exactly the same fashion. Despite the many differerces, they appear kindred souls, the Oakland gangster and his Asian counterpart...
33) 2) dialog: (approvingly) Brains like that will keep you high atop the payroll. You know how his people are, even if she is a civilian...
35) 0) text: Where Trish strides out to find MAURICE (20'S) AND A DRIVER waiting outside. Mo is one of Isaak's lower-level street thugs -- a Wanna-Be headed straight for Never-Was.
49) 15) dialog: Slowly. Some people just hate parting with their land. They've needed some... convincing. They stop at the next hole. Isaak plants his tee first.
49) 17) dialog: Yeah, well, I've had a lot of free- thinkers to deal with. Isaak takes a Mo Vaughn-sized cut -- trying to overpower the ball with muscle alone. A huge divot is TORN FREE and the ball SLICES into the rough... (CONTINUED)
49) 22) dialog: (mutters) These graphite shafts don't do it for me.
50) 4) dialog: You mean Po Sung?
50) 6) dialog: Jesus, boy -- What did he want?
50) 8) dialog: Mac better hear this. See if we can figure out what it's all about... Colin looks up to find Trish. Abruptly...
68) 12) text: As Isaak's right-hand man reaches them. He plays it cool, the smiling killer, casing Han with a friendly glance...
73) 1) dialog: Watches the grisly proceedings from the back of a police cruiser. An odd moment where we think he’s been arrested (CONTINUED)
73) 5) dialog: Moving together as Colin's corpse is finally set down to be covered by the paramedics...
73) 8) dialog: You think I'm not dying right now? Inside? Believe me girl -- ian. You two are ali I've ever had in this world. (fights to reign it in) But this is a family concern -- I don't need nobody doesn't go by the name O'Day involved. (a blending of anger and sorrow) He's my boy and I'll take care of it my way.
73) 10) dialog: Goddamnit, Trish. Listen to me... But she strides off, leaving him there to face these demons alone.
73) 14) dialog: Where the fuck you been? I've been trying to track you down for hours...
73) 16) dialog: c, he had him killed. That wrinkled piece of shit Ch'u Sung killed my Colin.
73) 18) dialog: Either way, Ch'u just bought himself a one-way ticket to the apocalypse.
93) 1) dialog: Ss down ym. ir side. Puts a reassuring hand on his daughter as he pulls the sheet up to cover her...
94) 0) text: Where Isaak helps Trish into his Town Car. Hi atches ked_fr di he aliey. He surveys this and realizes where she's being taken.
95) 0) text: As Isaak's car pulls through the gate. Trish stares vacantly out the backseat window. LLi: ref. i of the extravagant home cascading over her face.
96) 0) text: Where Isaak now sits opposite Trish, immersed in a strangely old-fashioned father-daughter...
96) 1) dialog: Han has your mind all knotted up, turned around. These are dangerous times. I want you... I need you to stay away from him.
96) 3) dialog: You don't know anything about what's involved. It's a much bigger picture than some dead Chinese and his brother...
96) 5) dialog: What? 105 106 107 (CONTINUED)
96) 9) dialog: (unwavering) Absolutely not. I had every reason not to do it. Mac enters from the hall.
96) 11) dialog: Sorry -- I have to take this. Mac allows himself a long look at Trish before following... The moment they're gone Trish gets up and starts casing the room. ISAAK'S VOICE lilting in from down the hall...
97) 0) text: Where Isaak is now on the phone... ISAAK (0.s.) Ivan... Ivan. That's right. It's a done deal. I'il be there tonight with everything you asked for...
98) 0) text: Where a desk drawer is opened and dug through. Another. But before any real progress is made FOOTSTEPS CAN BE HEARD in the corridor. Trish sits back down... Isaak returns, addressing his daughter with a new sense of urgency as he settles in.
98) 1) dialog: Never been much good talking to you. There are things I've wanted to say, but everything seems to roll out like a flame-thrower most times... (takes her hand) I'm finishing up something now that will take care of us for the rest of our days. After tonight, things are going to be very Lo (CONTINUED)
98) 6) dialog: (deeply stung) I've made mistakes, Trish, bad mistakes. But on my soul, I'm ready to change. I want you back in my life. I need that most of all.
98) 8) dialog: Things are going to be different, you have my word. But until I can prove it you'll need to stay here. Certain people may try to hurt me by hurting you -- just like they did with your brother.
98) 10) dialog: (firmly) Not like you have a choice. Maurice and the boys will be guarding the house. It'll help your old man to breathe a little easier...
99) 0) text: Where Isaak now confers with his lieutenant, right back to business... (CONTINUED)
99) 5) dialog: Fine. Take the money from the safe and close it out. (directly) Silk and.I go way back, understand? Don't muscle him -- just pay for the deed and meet me at the restaurant. Mac nods his understanding. Not a problem...
131) 0) text: The professional suite where Isaak's legitimate business interests are overseen. Trish and Han recover here from their near-death escape. They've been through the ringer tonight and it shows -- hair trashed, clothes still damp, a cornucopia of cuts and abrasions shared between them. Han notices a surveyors map of the Waterfront pulled down across one wall. Grids cleanly parceling the land into zoning districts.
135) 0) text: Where Isaak arrives in his Town Car. Just as the valet is taking his keys Ch'u_ steps outside. A strange beat as the rivals find themselves abruptly face to face. Then the biggest shocker of all -- ye i the land scheme together since the very beginning
135) 1) dialog: (sees the briefcase) I see you've already finished with Ivan.
135) 3) dialog: Did you ever doubt him?
135) 7) dialog: It was lucrative, if that's what you mean. (then, colder) Except for an unexpected casualty...
135) 9) dialog: Only one concerns me. (rolls reversed from the airport) I had nothing to do with it.
135) 10) dialog: Believe me, Ch'u, it won't take much to find out. (reigns it in) But that's a personal matter, best left to personal time. Our business tonight is something else entirely. They share a hard look as the Chinese Overlord's car arrives.
138) 0) text: Where Isaak stands outside the entrance as Mac and his bad-asses arrive. Strain is now apparent on the crimeboss' face for the first time. He's allowed himself to envision a new life for he and Trish -- and the price of it is an inevitable vulnerability. Mac is loving every minute of it. Silently pleased at the prospect of his boss having slipped from his game face.
138) 1) dialog: Trish should already be here by now. (checking watch) Mac -- are you positive they've picked her up?
139) 0) text: Where Isaak and Mac enter. They see Ivan with his attorney and join them at the table...
139) 3) dialog: (shrugs) None taken. They're all there. The attorney quickly thumbs the forms inside. (CONTINUED)
139) 6) dialog: How was Ch'u Sung tonight? In good spirits, I hope?
139) 11) dialog: (spins it on him) Do I need to have Gummy here review it?
139) 14) dialog: Keep your cheddar, Ivan. I'd rather you invest it for me. Nobody knows what to make of this -- Ivan and his Attorney slack-jawed, Mac fit to have a major coronary...
139) 16) dialog: It's easy. I'm going to be your partner. (CONTINUED)
139) 20) dialog: Sure. High-time the NFL had a black owner, don't think? (lets it sink in) I'm up to the task -- trust me. Used to play a little bail myself. And I do look fantastic inside a luxury-box.
139) 22) dialog: So add another one. The bid's already been accepted. Without my deeds you're a short hair from ending up in a meat locker yourself. Long beat. Ivan fully realizing the bad spot he's in. Then Mac can't take anymore...
139) 24) dialog: a 2 ing?
139) 28) dialog: You shitt ttl loodsu ee carried your ass off the streets...
139) 34) dialog: Punk. Now look at your street ass. Nobody's dealing in cash these days.
139) 51) text: As Han and Trish kneel to check Isaak's wound. It's real bad, but he's hanging in. WE HOLD FOR A MOMENT on the ex-gangster, his eyes now silently doing what his seized throat cannot -- thanking Han for saving his daughter and himself. Han covers him with his jacket. Gently places a finger to Trish's lips before leaving...