4) 0) text: Where THE HYPNOTIC BEAT OF EASTERN-FLAVORED TRIP-HOP courses through the cabin. WE WATCH the same four men as they start feeding their machines. -- Are withdrawn. We're looking at the Fortune 500 of firearms -- S&W .40's, Sig-Sauer .380's, even a pair of MP-5's for safe measure... : FRESH CLIPS -- Are THUMBED for empties and JAMMED into the grips... LEAD ROUNDS -- Are RACKED into waiting chambers... ING P’ -- Are fitted for protection in case shit turns loud. The cherry on top. Just because you may have to put someone down doesn't mean you have to go deaf doing it...
31) 0) text: Where WE FOLLOW Isaak and MAC -- an ambitious young lieutenant climbing the O'Day corporate ladder -- across the terminal. SEVERAL BLACK ASSOCIATES of Isaak's on their heels. The entourage passes cleanly through the metal detector - except for Mac. Tense moment here as we wonder what he's packing. Then two pagers and a cellphone later he's allowed in.
33) 0) text: As OTHER BLACK BAD-ASSES step to Isaak and Mac in exactly the same fashion. Despite the many differerces, they appear kindred souls, the Oakland gangster and his Asian counterpart...
33) 1) dialog: I've already called Maurice and told him to shadow Trish. Didn't want to take any chances.
33) 3) dialog: Oh, yeah. Those motherfuckers make everything personal -- whether they right or not.
54) 0) text: Where Trish is staring into her lonely dinner, Maurice and partner watching her from the front entrance. The door OPENS AND CLOSES. She looks up to finda smiling Mac beside her...
54) 1) dialog: What's good here?
54) 3) dialog: I'm doing my job, girl. Just like Mo... {off her reaction) Yeah, he told me about the shit you pulled yesterday. Plain stupid is what it was. Things are real tense since that Chinese dude got popped.
54) 5) dialog: That's not my style.
54) 7) dialog: You don't have a clue what I'm about. For starters, you've got to get past the facade.
54) 9) dialog: So do you, so does everybody. This icy-hearted B-girl shit isn't you. Not the real you. Saving yourself for some TV Dream Dude is just a waste of good woman...
54) 16) dialog: Fair enough. But time comes when aman has to strike out on his own, hear what I'm saying? Stake his own claim.
54) 18) dialog: (bristling) Trash-talk me all you like. Sooner or later this man here is gonna be too much for you. You'll start getting all misty eyed, wishing there were two of me. She pushes her plate across the table.
54) 20) dialog: No more running wild. You gonna do like Isaak wants and let us protect you.
54) 21) text: As the DOOR CLOSES behind Trish. Mac wanders to the front to watch her through the window.
54) 25) dialog: I want Eddie Murphy, I'll go to the goddamned movies. Maurice's fearful nod says he gets it, but good...
68) 0) text: Where A FOOTBALL GAME is taking place. Mac, Maurice and a bunch of the crew having it out five-on-four... Trish sits across the grass eating lunch with SEVERAL NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS. An ice cream truck arrives at the park and she leads a few of them over...
68) 13) dialog: (nodding) Say, Trish. Who this?
68) 21) dialog: That right, Ahkbar? Well check this. We playing football and we (MORE) (CONTINUED)
68) 25) dialog: (sticks the ball in Han's chest) Hell, it's easier than breathing. I'll show you. Mac shoots Trish a look of extreme displeasure as he leads Han onto the grass...
68) 29) dialog: Fellas, got myself a fresh recruit. He's new to the game -- so take it easy on him. (to Han) Just stand behind me, I'll give you the ball and you run for the far end of the field.
68) 31) dialog: That's all. The. ball is SNAPPED.and handed-off to Han. His blockers quit at the line of scrimmage -- allowing the defense to SAVAGELY DOG-PILE him into the turf. Han gets up and tries to shake it off. Rejoins his team.
68) 32) dialog: Good job. Now you playing football. (a beat) Go long this time. I'll pass it to you. (CONTINUED)
68) 37) dialog: (smiling) "Cause you the one with the ball, brother. Third down. Han takes the pill and bolts straight at Maurice. The thug is about to lower the boom when Han dd hh him the ball. A stunned beat as he catches it. Then Han comes flying in with A BONE-CRUSHING TACKLE. Regains the ball...
69) 0) text: Where Colin and his GIRLFRIEND are making a nice dinner. The scene here is surprisingly domestic -- Krups coffee maker, sushi machine, the works... His girl wears a bathrobe, Colin ranting around the room in just sweatpants...
73) 11) text: As Mac SQUEALS UP and hurries out to join his boss... (CONTINUED)
73) 15) dialog: Where I always am -- taking care cf your acquisitions for Ivan Roth. WE WATCH Isaak falter, unable to maintain the hard exterior now as he's faced with the first true wave of inconsolable regret.
73) 17) dialog: I know where your head's at, Isaak, and God knows you've got cause. But we in shit way too deep now to pull out. (pumping him up) You gotta keep it stitched up until your business is done. Certain motherfuckers gonna got knocked out the box in due time. Isaak lets this advice hang there. Starts a slow nod, realizing his how right his lieutenant is.
88) 2) dialog: And I'm saying eighty-five. (short beat) Think of that extra ten grand as my processing fee. You ain't the only one paid it.
88) 4) dialog: Yeah you would, partner. Trust me on that. He moves astride the desk. Closes the owner's hand around a pen...
88) 5) dialog: Folks wrong, you know. Life isn't cheap -- it's very, very expensive. (passes the deed across) Now sign the fuckin' paper. Game's on at eight and I don't want to miss it. = End of story. The ballpoint begins its FEARFUL SCRATCHING...
96) 10) dialog: You've got a call. (with emphasis) It's important.
99) 4) dialog: Just Silk. Says he's ready to sign it over. I'm gonna meet him at the casino this evening.
106) 0) text: Where a_ copy of the unsigned deed is SPITTING OUT of the fax machine. Maurice CAN SUDDENLY BE HEARD out on the stairs.
122) 10) dialog: Damned if you haven't nearly put it all together. Pretty impressive for a guy barely speaks the language.
122) 12) dialog: Fuck your father. Like I said -- time comes when a man has to stake -his own claim.
122) 15) dialog: Right there. Silk takes up his pen and signs, finishing with a flourish. Greedy hands rub together in anticipation...
122) 19) dialog: Yo, Jerome -- Nice suit.
123) 2) dialog: (pointing)
124) 0) text: Where Mac ducks back inside to pocket the signed grant deed and liberate the Six Hundred Large...
134) 5) dialog: Don't take it so hard, brother. The Little Princess here's gonna be fine. Mac takes hold of Trish and pulls her close. Thena really nice moment as he furrows his nose into her hair... MAC (cont'd) Whatta ya say, baby? Catch another romantic dinner, maybe a few stiff drinks to put us in the mood? (CONTINUED)
134) 9) dialog: You think any of these lives have really mattered? Your brother's? Colin's? They don't. They never did. In this world there's only the rich, -- everyone else is just an inconvenience. (to Maurice) End this monkey, Mo. And please, take your time doin' it...
138) 0) text: Where Isaak stands outside the entrance as Mac and his bad-asses arrive. Strain is now apparent on the crimeboss' face for the first time. He's allowed himself to envision a new life for he and Trish -- and the price of it is an inevitable vulnerability. Mac is loving every minute of it. Silently pleased at the prospect of his boss having slipped from his game face.
138) 2) dialog: Isaak, man, you gotta relax. I talked to Mo and the boys not ten minutes ago. She's safe and she's on the way.
139) 0) text: Where Isaak and Mac enter. They see Ivan with his attorney and join them at the table...
139) 23) dialog: Fuck the luxury box -- I'll take the green. Isaak finds a fire-breathing Sig-Sauer angled smack at his belly. Mac scoops up the briefcase, intoxicated by the lure of all that cash...
139) 25) dialog: I believe they call it corporate restructurin'. As of right now, O'Day Enterprises is being swallowed whole by Mac, Inc. I'm taking your capital reserves... (holds up the case) And your most valued asset... He signals his dogs and Trish is escorted inside. MAC (cont'd) And then I'm gonna leverage you out. (CONTINUED)
139) 29) dialog: Yeah, sure -- but what have you done for me lately? Mac GUT-SHOOTS his.mentor, crumpling him to the floor. His daughter rushes to his side.
139) 31) dialog: Now let's see some shit. There's nothing inside but a white envelope. He snatches 26 Up and rips J Open...
139) 33) dialog: A check? A MOTHERFUCKIN' CHECK? I don't believe this... Isaak's WOUNDED LAUGH mocks him from the floor.
139) 35) dialog: (livid) Better hope you stay alive long enough to bank this motherfucker... TO BE WRITTEN: Han BURSTS IN and A FANTASTIC SHOOT-OUT FOLLOWS between Roth's Bodyguards and the blacks. In all the commotion, Roth runs to the roof where a helicopter awaits. But Mac BLOWS HIM AWAY before he can escape... Han takes out the remaining soldiers and then faces off with Mac... (CONTINUED)
139) 39) dialog: You forgettin' about the broad, Ahkbar. Baby makes three.
139) 41) dialog: Wasn't me. I killed Colin alright, Isaak didn't know a thing about it. Couldn't risk him killin’ the deal.
139) 43) dialog: You got your own people to thank there. All that shit was handled in-house. Han feels his blood roiling, the depth of what this means almost unfathomable. MAC (cont'd) Now get on your knees or I'll smoke her.
139) 45) dialog: If that ain't some tired bullshit... But Han’s gaze convinces the thug he's for real. Mac turns slowly to find...