6) 19) dialog: tands next to e@_ microphon din weapon. He's the owner and sole proprietor of this casino, and his AK- 47 TOTING BODYGUARDS now cover the room.
6) 20) dialog: Guns don't kill people -- people kill people. He steps from the open DJ booth and starts down the stairs... SILK (cont'd) Now if you'll excuse me, gentlemen, you're disrupting my business. Slowly, the weapons are lowered. SILK (cont'd) So if your ass isn't black, you best drag it out my establishment. Bad-Ass #2 hobbles upright to confront Kai.
121) 0) text: Where Silk watches her on the bank of color monitors lining his suite. Walls of one-way glass run the length or coe room affording a view of both the casino and bar sides..: He also notices the BRISTLING CROWD around them.
121) 1) dialog: (to himself) What in the hell is she doing here?
122) 1) dialog: Smiling at them as he motions to follow. Defusing a potentially riotous situation in his club in the process... INT. WATERFRONT CASINO - SILK‘S OFFICE - LATER 135 Where SILK'S BODYGUARD watches the three of them talking, Silk now going over Han's list...
122) 2) dialog: And you're saying these places have already been hit?
122) 4) dialog: You're absolutely sure about this, girl?
122) 8) dialog: This is very, very disturbing. I'm glad you brought it to my attention. (slow beat) I'm not a man who likes to worry. He moves to OPEN the office door opposite...
122) 13) dialog: (one-track mind) Yo, Mac. You bring my money? Mac takes the unsigned grant deed from his breast pocket and passes it across. His eyes never leaving Han.
122) 14) dialog: (reviewing document) Right there?
122) 16) dialog: You got yours, brother, now where's mine? Mac hefts a suitcase onto the counter and Silk jacks the clasps. Six hundred thousand in bundled hundreds is nestled inside. Mac turns to SILK'S BODYGUARD while the owner stands salivating. (CONTINUED)
123) 4) dialog: Dead silence is a tragic understatement. Han and Trish immediately find their escape cut off by THE MEAN-ASSED CROWD. .
125) 0) text: As Han and Trish fight their way towards the open DJ booth, the Chinese using A VARIETY OF MANEUVERS ACROSS THE TABLES (PER CHOREOGRAPHY)to force back the crowd and get them there... They scale the stairs at last, MORE OF SILK'S SECURITY right on their heels. Passing THE OPEN-MOUTHED DJ they slip through a_small service door into...
128) 0) text: Where Silk's men follow now brandishing serious artillery...
129) 7) text: As Silk's men are forced to pull up, realizing they'll never make it in time. - However ONE OF THEM decides to go for the brass ring -- sprinting to the edge and making a_spectacular leap through the air. He catches the scaffolding on its way down... Han watches him, greatly intrigued. Even as they drop, the soldier locks an arm around a bar and goes free-hand for his gatt... A smile of encouragement from the Chinese. The guy realizes this isn't good. Looks down sharply...