34) 0) text: Where we find the sparkling TRISH O'DAY (20's). Clothing from the '70's, stacks of old-school wax, her shop retails the whole retro trip. It's a hot-spot for neighborhood kids -- Black, White, Chinese, whatever. A cultural DMZ. A GROUP OF THEM peer inside the display case like cats at a caged bird.
34) 1) dialog: Lori... Will you please give these little monsters their funk fix?
34) 2) text: As co-worker LORI (20) comes out to the case. She unsleeves The Meters' rare and exceedingly funky Rejuvenation. "People Say" leaps on the platter. The smiling kids start grooving with childlike innocence. Lori and Trish BUST UP at the familiar sight.
34) 3) dialog: Watch the store, huh? I have some errands to run.
35) 0) text: Where Trish strides out to find MAURICE (20'S) AND A DRIVER waiting outside. Mo is one of Isaak's lower-level street thugs -- a Wanna-Be headed straight for Never-Was.
35) 2) dialog: Earth, Wind and Fire.
35) 4) dialog: (£latly) What are you doin’ here?
35) 6) dialog: (rolls her eyes) Thanks, but no thanks. Tell him I'll be just fine.
39) 0) text: Where Trish is absently thumbing through a pile of old records. Distracted by...
42) 0) text: Where Maurice grooves deeper into the music. Trish uses the opportunity to slip out unseen...
43) 0) text: Out comes a_ screwdriver. He STABS IT into the ignition and PRIES. The ENGINE ROLLS OVER. A satisfied smile. He's just pulling out when Trish leaps into the backseat...
43) 1) dialog: Just drive. Long beat. Han points to the ceiling to parrot the driver...
43) 3) dialog: (shoving a fifty through the slot) So now you're on duty.
44) 0) text: Where Maurice finally takes a look around and realizes Trish is gone. He darts for the door in a panic -- headphones JERKING HIM BACK.
45) 0) text: Where Maurice CAN NOW BE SEEN moving into the parking lot to search for her. Trish quickly ducks down.
45) 1) dialog: (earnestly) Will you please just get me out of here? Another acceptant shrug. WE HARD CUT TO --
46) 3) dialog: Where exactly you from.. (reading license) . -Ahkbar?
46) 5) dialog: You wanna start the meter? He studies the complex contraption mounted on the dash. Blindly pushes a button. Ooops. A roll ecei: SPILLS onto the floor until he can finally STOP IT.
46) 7) dialog: You steal a lot of cabs in Hong Kong?
46) 9) dialog: (gauges him, shakes her head) That's alright. (after a beat) So is it true what they say oes Hong Kong?
46) 11) dialog: That everyone there knows Kung Fu?
46) 13) dialog: Even the women?
48) 1) dialog: Can you break a board with your head?
48) 3) dialog: A cinder block?
48) 5) dialog: How 'beut a horse?
48) 7) dialog: I'd have to see that, Ahkbar. You must be a very dangerous man. (looks out the window) This is good. You can drop me off at the corner.
49) 2) dialog: Thanks. Han pushes her fifty back through the slot...
49) 4) dialog: Keep it. I won't tell the cops.
49) 8) dialog: (taking the bill) You seem like a nice guy. You should find a new profession -- stealing cars doesn't fit you.
49) 10) dialog: You think I want you calling me?
49) 12) dialog: (killer smile) There's a dead giveaway... He watches her swing onto the sidewalk.
50) 0) text: Where Trish enters to find an uncomfortable look on Lori's face...
50) 10) dialog: I asked you not to do your business here. (CONTINUED)
50) 14) dialog: (concerned) I worry about you, Colin. Don't ee seeing you involved in that life.
50) 16) dialog: He's also a gangster. Drugs, strong-arm stuff... (then, softer) The same kids that come to my store get lost because of guys like him, waste themselves before they really even grow up... (a beat) Why do you think I even opened this place? I wanted them to see a different way than that. A better way. Colin takes up his jacket and stands across from her.
54) 0) text: Where Trish is staring into her lonely dinner, Maurice and partner watching her from the front entrance. The door OPENS AND CLOSES. She looks up to finda smiling Mac beside her...
54) 2) dialog: (not interested) Try the parking lot. He lets it slide off, pulling out a chair to sit down.
54) 4) dialog: Was that one of your jobs too?
54) 6) dialog: Don't tell me -- I've got you all wrong.
54) 8) dialog: You've got some serious facade going on.
54) 13) dialog: Is that what you think I'm doing?
54) 15) dialog: (point-blank) You're an errand boy for my father, Mac. Nothing more, nothing less.
54) 17) dialog: You've sold me, Mac, I just realized I'm hopelessly in love with you...
54) 19) dialog: Don't bother with the menu -- you can have mine. Suddenly I've lost my appetite. Mac GRABS her arm as she gets up...
54) 21) text: As the DOOR CLOSES behind Trish. Mac wanders to the front to watch her through the window.
55) 0) text: Where A TELEPHOTO SHOT finds Trish locking up. She head- checks the street and starts off. WE QUICKLY RACK FOCUS TO FIND...
56) 0) text: Where Trish climbs up to her apartment loaded down with groceries.
57) 0) text: Where Trish enters to set the bags on the eee she turns to lock up and finds t. th It gives her a helluva scare but somehow she contains it shy of crying out.
57) 1) dialog: Hello, Ahkbar. You're the only guy I know working his way down the criminal ladder. First Grand Theft Auto, now trespassing. He crosses to lay a piece of paper before her...
57) 5) dialog: Yeah, so? I don't even know who your brother is.
57) 7) dialog: I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. Why would he want to talk to me? Han's unwavering gaze scours her face, debating the truthfulness of this.
57) 9) dialog: (shrugs) I have a girl who works the register. Maybe it was her. Once in a while my little... Then the name starts to register from her earlier talk with Colin. As the possibility hits her... TRISH (cont'd) ... brother.
57) 11) dialog: Colin. He makes calls from there sometimes. Mostly when I'm not around.
57) 14) dialog: Shit, it's Maurice. He finds you up here and... (CONTINUED)
58) 4) dialog: He's the delivery boy, genius.
59) 2) dialog: Well here I am.
68) 0) text: Where A FOOTBALL GAME is taking place. Mac, Maurice and a bunch of the crew having it out five-on-four... Trish sits across the grass eating lunch with SEVERAL NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS. An ice cream truck arrives at the park and she leads a few of them over...
68) 3) dialog: Nice to see you again, too. She looks out to the football game, distracted... TRISH (cont'd) I think maybe you're in the wrong part of town.
68) 5) dialog: Haven't gotten a hold of him yet.
68) 9) dialog: (reacting) This isn't good. The guy coming over is on a real short fuse. He works for my father.
68) 11) dialog: Mac.
68) 19) dialog: We just met in line. I don't even know his name...
73) 4) dialog: Stands across the street, enraged, knowing Isaak's wrong living is somehow responsible for this terrible tragedy.
73) 5) dialog: Moving together as Colin's corpse is finally set down to be covered by the paramedics...
73) 7) dialog: I never wanted him mixed up in your dealings. I told him that just as many times as I told
73) 9) dialog: (flaring) You had a hand in this, Isaak, you're every bit as responsible. You might as well have thrown him out yourself.
76) 0) text: Where Han now returns to his brother's apartment to find Trish awaiting him on the couch. Her feet stir aimlessly through the splintered carnage...
76) 2) dialog: (without lookin up) Once Colin and I did something we thought'd be really funny. He hid out front while I ran to tell Mom he'd been hurt, hit by a car or something bad like that. When she came running, Colin was supposed to jump out and surprise her and then we'd all have a good laugh. My mother, she always loved a good laugh... (pauses) I was only eight or nine, Colin younger, and I don't even remember how we came up with it. But sure enough, I started yelling and she rushed outside. (softly) And when I told her, I mean, the look on her face... She was just erushed, totally destroyed. She collapsed right there in the yard, weeping, broken... (slow beat) Even when Colin showed her it was a joke she wouldn't stop. It had shaken her too deeply. Even as she clutched him there, safe and sound, it was too much.
76) 7) dialog: I was just a little girl, Han. I didn't get it yet. I didn't get ac. Han quickly moves to comfort her, kneeling at her side.
76) 9) dialog: Threw him right out his window. Fifteen stories up...
76) 11) dialog: I want to help you, Han, I need it. I have to put this thing together just as much as you do now...
80) 2) dialog: I don't understand. They're just Waterfront addresses.
81) 0) text: As Han and Trish drive through A BUSTLING CHINESE NEIGHBORHOOD in contrast to what we've just seen. Trish finds herself gazing out the window. This is a whole new world to her -- a part of the city she's never experienced.
81) 1) dialog: Is Hong Kong like this?
81) 3) dialog: (testing the waters) You were a policeman there?
81) 5) dialog: Bet your family loved that.
81) 7) dialog: You warned them.
81) 9) dialog: (softer) What did they give you?
81) 11) dialog: How long have you been out?
81) 15) dialog: We're worlds apart, Han. But our lives seem to have a lot in common...
82) 0) text: Where a faded Chinese sign confronts them as they ease through the gate. .The grounds are a barren landscape of crushed automobiles, stacked up like so much cordwood... HAN (v.o.) You sure this is right? TRISH (v.o.) That's what the list says -- Forty-forty Driggs.
85) 0) text: Where Han rushes out to find THE KILLERS escaping, faces hidden. He and Trish must have stumbled onto them just as they had finished and were ready to leave... A MOTORCYCLE bring up the rear. Han leaps into the sedan to follow...
85) 2) dialog: No.
86) 0) text: As Han slaloms the pavement, playing bump and run with THE HELMETED RIDER... The cyclist withdraws an automatic and CUTS LOOSE with a ribbon of bullets. Han shoves Trish protectively under the dash...
93) 0) text: Where Trish sleeps bathed in early morning light. A_gioved hand INCHES INTO FRAME. The slumbering girl seems to sense it drawing closer... SNAPPING AWAKE WITH A START...
94) 0) text: Where Isaak helps Trish into his Town Car. Hi atches ked_fr di he aliey. He surveys this and realizes where she's being taken.
95) 0) text: As Isaak's car pulls through the gate. Trish stares vacantly out the backseat window. LLi: ref. i of the extravagant home cascading over her face.
96) 0) text: Where Isaak now sits opposite Trish, immersed in a strangely old-fashioned father-daughter...
96) 2) dialog: I know what I'm doing.
96) 4) dialog: Po.
96) 8) dialog: His brother's name was Po. (then, directly) Did you have him killed? I have to know.
98) 0) text: Where a desk drawer is opened and dug through. Another. But before any real progress is made FOOTSTEPS CAN BE HEARD in the corridor. Trish sits back down... Isaak returns, addressing his daughter with a new sense of urgency as he settles in.
98) 5) dialog: Excuse me if I don't fall right out of my chair, but I've heard this song too many times. Going all the way back before Mom died.
98) 7) dialog: So where have you been f the or last fifteen years? What about what I needed or Colin? Each blow seems to strike Isaak physically, his posture mirroring this. TRISH (cont'd) A lifetime of dirt of doesn't wash off that easy, Dad. He gets to his feet. Unable to take anymore.
98) 9) dialog: Not interested.
99) 10) dialog: Upstairs for a nap. Maybe take a shower.
100) 0) text: Where Trish pushes open the door to her room. She hovers inside for a moment, waiting to hear if she's been followed...
102) 0) text: Where Trish still hasn't heard anything. She steps back into the corridor with a nervous glance.
103) 2) dialog: (puzzled) Forty-forty Driggs... Then she realizes something else. T ‘x one. She starts to take it when it hits her -- the deed will be missed. In a near panic, she catches sight of the fax machine waiting in the corner.
104) 3) text: As Han runs up the side of the house in a blur -- PING- PONGING from the grass onto a trash can... trash can to a window sill... window sill to the heavy Colonial awning... awning to reach out and snag the railing of Trish's balcony. He gets a good grip and chins himself up.
107) 0) text: Where Trish slips back inside. Han steps out from behind the door to give her a_scare. He rushes to quiet her and they end up STUMBLING BACKWARDS onto the bed. Long beat. The couple now checking each other out nose- to-nose from the prone position.
108) 0) text: Where Maurice rolls up to Trish's door and KNOCKS. No response. DOES IT AGAIN.
108) 2) dialog: (impatiently) Yes? (CONTINUED)
108) 6) dialog: Water's getting cold. See you in a minute.
109) 0) text: As she EASES THE DOOR CLOSED in his face. Han peeks out from the bathroom to make sure it's clear. From the balcony, he wonders at getting them down. An idea strikes him. He proudly turns to find Trish still ng. Han windmills into a Buster Keaton pirouette -- almost knocking himself over trying not to see her.
110) 0) text: Where WE WATCH a knotted bed sheet uncoil over the railing. Han lowers himself down first. Then holds the rope for a beaming Trish. They ROCKET across the grounds into safety.
117) 0) text: Where Trish is now at the wheel. Han pours over the copied deed, his brow wrinkling with concern...
117) 1) dialog: This was the only one that wasn't signed over yet. (thinking) I also noticed a deed for Victor Ho's place. Han takes out his list and cross-references the new document against it.
117) 3) dialog: That's a helluva lot of property changing hands. Hard to believe. He holds out the deed so she can read it...
117) 5) dialog: Silk's casino down on the Bay. (holds his gaze) It's the last place your brother was seen the night he died.
118) 3) dialog: (sweetly) He's with me, guys.
118) 5) dialog: That's right. They don't like it, but don't want to chance any trouble with her old man either. Decide to let her chaperon Han inside...
119) 0) text: Where THE PATRONS ARE GAMBLING AND DANCING IN A CYCLONE OF NOISE AND BOOZE. Trish approaches the main booth. The ELDERLY CASHIER looks out at her with stony eyes.
119) 1) dialog: I want to see Silk. (no response) Tell him Trish O'Day is here. The woman disappears into the back without comment.
120) 0) text: Where Trish and Han now stand waiting. She notices THE BEVY OF HOSTILE STARES coming from all directions. This place is way too hot for any Chinese to be making the scene right now -- especially Han. To get out from under the magnifying glass, Trish drags Han...
122) 5) dialog: Yeah, Silk. Yours isn't the only black property that was targeted. All the others have been bought up or burned out by now... Silk pauses before shaking his head in approval. (CONTINUED)
122) 11) dialog: Let's talk to my father. See what he says about it.
125) 0) text: As Han and Trish fight their way towards the open DJ booth, the Chinese using A VARIETY OF MANEUVERS ACROSS THE TABLES (PER CHOREOGRAPHY)to force back the crowd and get them there... They scale the stairs at last, MORE OF SILK'S SECURITY right on their heels. Passing THE OPEN-MOUTHED DJ they slip through a_small service door into...
129) 0) text: Where Han and Trish LEAP onto the scaffolding. The metal webbing TEETERS PRECARIOUSLY under their weight.
129) 1) dialog: (stomach drops) Ohm Corist..
130) 0) text: Where an ostentatious "Q'DAY ENTERPRISES" placard runs the gold-plated facade. Han and Trish furtively arrive out front. She quickly keys them inside...
131) 0) text: The professional suite where Isaak's legitimate business interests are overseen. Trish and Han recover here from their near-death escape. They've been through the ringer tonight and it shows -- hair trashed, clothes still damp, a cornucopia of cuts and abrasions shared between them. Han notices a surveyors map of the Waterfront pulled down across one wall. Grids cleanly parceling the land into zoning districts.
131) 2) dialog: (motions) Look in that desk. Han is digging one out when she notices...
131) 4) dialog: Take your jacket off.
131) 6) dialog: Take it off. (CONTINUED)
131) 10) dialog: (fat chance) Come over here.
131) 12) dialog: You don't seem too bothered. Not the first time you've been shot, huh?
132) 0) text: Where Han now marks up the hanging surveyor's map. THE CAMERA IS FRAMING HIM so we can't see what he's working on. Trish sits opposite watching. A long beat before he finishes... (flatly) There is no war between black and Chinese. It's a smoke screen. SLOWLY NOW THE CAMERA CHEATS AROUND TO SHOW... (CONTINUED)
132) 5) dialog: (confused) Take it slow here, okay? Doing 2
132) 7) dialog: But why the Waterfront? Land values have been dropping there since I was a kid. Most of it's already crackhead country...
132) 9) dialog: And Colin?
132) 11) dialog: But what would they want the land for? It still doesn't make any sense. But Han is no longer listening. His policeman's eyes distracted by several other maps hanging overhead as well. He slowly pulls down the closest, revealing... (CONTINUED)
134) 0) text: Where Han is reviewing Trish's photocopied deed more closely. THE CAMERA FINDS the property recipient listed as "ROTH EQUITY NGS"...
134) 2) dialog: What about you?
134) 10) dialog: Share a final, desperate glance from across the room. Her brave face fractured with panic as Ma¢ hustles her out... It's the last thing Han sees before his temple is BUTTED with the heel of a shotgun.
138) 0) text: Where Isaak stands outside the entrance as Mac and his bad-asses arrive. Strain is now apparent on the crimeboss' face for the first time. He's allowed himself to envision a new life for he and Trish -- and the price of it is an inevitable vulnerability. Mac is loving every minute of it. Silently pleased at the prospect of his boss having slipped from his game face.
139) 30) dialog: Mac could care less, HURRIEDLY SPRINGING THE CLASPS to get to the good part...
139) 46) dialog: 
139) 48) dialog: Like you said, Mac -- I'm getting all misty eyed... (CONTINUED )
139) 51) text: As Han and Trish kneel to check Isaak's wound. It's real bad, but he's hanging in. WE HOLD FOR A MOMENT on the ex-gangster, his eyes now silently doing what his seized throat cannot -- thanking Han for saving his daughter and himself. Han covers him with his jacket. Gently places a finger to Trish's lips before leaving...
142) 5) dialog: Where he scans her face before they touch -- the gentle lilt tells him Isaak is going to be alright. Then they come together in a long dreamed-of embrace... Trish softly pulls free. Leans in to kiss him. You know, it is a great country. He just might stay. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK as Trish holds tightly to Han's hand, the couple centered within the chaos. THEN BACK FURTHER STILL AS WE...