5) 0) text: Across the street from Leonor, Jake is helping his parent BRIAN and KATHY JARDINE get plates of food wrapped in cellophane and other catering goods from out of the car. couple, dressed in formal dark clothes, have the youthful look of people who can afford to take a nice vacation onc year. Jake sees when ANTONIO "TONY" CALVELLI, a handsome 13 yea old boy with dark hair and eyes, comes running out from inside the store, and stops next to Leonor. Shooting Script 07/27/15               8. LEONOR
5) 1) text: What were you doing?? If I say `come here', you have to come. Give them a hand. Go. But Tony doesn't move, unsure of what to do. He looks at Jake, who is looking at him. Brian drops a plate in Jake's hands and goes towards Leon with an extended hand. BRIAN
5) 2) text: Hello Mrs. Calvelli. Brian Jardine, we've met. LEONOR
5) 3) text: Of course, Brian. I'm so sad for what has happened. I'm so sorry. Jake sees when Leonor, suddenly overtaken by emotion, gra his father's hand and pulls him closer for a hug, which m Brian visibly uncomfortable. Leonor tries to hide her tea LEONOR
5) 4) text: I'm sorry. Your father was a such a wonderful man. BRIAN
5) 6) text: He really was, you know. BRIAN
5) 8) text: This is my son Antonio. Kathy approaches, carrying a plate of food. BRIAN
5) 10) text: Hi. Nice to meet you. Leonor. Kathy smiles warmly, as Brian opens the door to the house KATHY
5) 11) text: So nice to meet you too. Sorry, my hands are full. Shooting Script 07/27/15               9. BRIAN
5) 13) text: Of course. Brian and Kathy go upstairs with their bags. Left alone by the car, Jake tries to grab a sketchbook fr inside as he balances the big plate of food with his othe hand and then, a bit clumsy, ends up dropping the bag. Tony is suddenly there to help him out. He kneels down to pick up pages with drawings, pencils and stuff spilling o of the bag, immediately recognizing the first drawing he - a girl with red wings flying through a thundercloud. TONY
5) 36) text: Very artistic. Shooting Script 07/27/15              11. BRIAN (O.S.)
5) 37) text: Got it, son? Brian is back by the car to pick up the stuff. BRIAN
5) 39) text: You can call me Tony. BRIAN
5) 40) text: Well thank you, Tony. I appreciate the help. The two boys follow Brian towards the house, the three of them carrying plates and bags.
6) 0) text: The apartment is old and in desperate need of a paint job It's a large space, crammed with the stuff of a long life There are family photos, piles of National Geographic magazines next to faded velvety couches and solid furnitu A small, vintage color TV sits alone in the corner. There's a quiet reception going on, with most people wear black, or dark colors, and talking softly to each other. Amongst the mostly older friends and relatives of the deceased are Brian's sister AUDREY and her husband JAMES, their teenage son, LIAM, dressed in a suit. They are sitt on a couch next to Brian, leafing through a photo album. BRIAN
6) 2) text: Dad looks so young here. BRIAN
6) 4) text: Listen to you. BRIAN
6) 6) text: You look just like him, and you know it. Can I have this? Please? Shooting Script 07/27/15                12. BRIAN
6) 7) text: Yes. I'll let you have the photo IF... Brian picks up a book on the table. BRIAN
8) 0) text: Jake is sipping some juice, like a cocktail, and looking the art on the wall: a couple of oil paintings of Parisia streets in the wintertime of dubious quality doesn't arou much interest, and he ends up in front of a vintage movie poster on the wall, with ahead of its time 60s graphics - probably the best piece of art in the apartment. BRIAN (O.S.)
8) 1) text: Jake, come here. Jake goes to see his father, who's standing next to STU GERSHMAN, a well dressed gentleman in his 70's. BRIAN
8) 7) text: Jake doesn't play any sports, and it's probably a point o contention between father and son, given the sudden uncomfortable moment of silence. BRIAN
8) 12) text: I want to tell you a few things about your grandfather, Jake: he liked to play ball but was a horrible pitcher; he hated summer but went nuts seeing the ladies walk by in mini-skirts; and he was the most loyal friend you could have. Loyalty was his greatest quality. BRIAN
8) 22) text: Sorry if we didn't say anything earlier. Brian and I... we're both very tired. It's all been so fast. LEONOR
8) 24) text: Thank you so much for this. It's very kind of you. Thank you. Leonor leaves, and Jake shuts the door. Kathy is left wit the beautiful cake on her hands. She looks across the roo and sees Brian, in the middle of a crowd, holding court, being a good actor.
9) 0) text: Brian walks down the interior stairs of the house, carryi heavy bag full of trash. At the bottom of the stairs, he turns and walks down the dark corridor that leads to the backyard. He finds the large metal trash containers, and throws the bags in. Alone for the first time all day, Brian is overtaken by memories and allows himself a good cry.
10) 0) text: Brian is sitting at a table in a bare room, speaking in a strong Italian-American Brooklyn accent. Shooting Script 07/27/15              15. BRIAN
10) 1) text: I swear B, I'm surprised at you. I sit there waiting for you to wake up, but everything's great with you. We see he is holding a script, next to SUZANNE, a famous actress, who's also with a script in her hands. They are reading from Arthur Miller's A View from the Bridge. Bria reading the role of "Eddie" as Suzanne plays his wife, "Beatrice". An OPERATOR tapes Brian's performance with a video camera a tripod. SUZANNE
10) 2) text: No, everything ain't great with me. BRIAN
10) 4) text: No. But I got other worries. BRIAN
10) 6) text: When am I gonna be a wife again, Eddie? BRIAN
10) 8) text: It's almost three months you don't feel good. It's three months, Eddie. BRIAN
10) 10) text: Nice! Okay. Suzanne smiles at Brian, already out of character. But Br really would love to keep going. BRIAN
10) 12) text: Suzanne looks for help from the audience, gently cutting Brian off. DEBORAH (O.S.)
10) 15) text: Take a break, Suzanne. Suzanne smiles again at Brian, and comes close to kiss hi goodbye. SUZANNE
10) 16) text: I'm starving. I've been here since ten. BRIAN
10) 18) text: How's Kathy? BRIAN
10) 20) text: And your son? BRIAN
10) 22) text: Oh my God, I remember him running around backstage at The Lortel, when we did... BRIAN
10) 24) text: Yes! How old was he? BRIAN
10) 26) text: Time flies by. BRIAN
10) 28) text: Well, it was great to see you. BRIAN
11) 0) text: ROGER, Brian's agent, is standing outside the theater, texting on his phone. Brian comes out, and they begin to walk. BRIAN
11) 2) text: She doesn't hate you. BRIAN
11) 4) text: You're paranoid. You did okay there. BRIAN
11) 6) text: Yes. But it's true that she'll have a say in who's cast as her husband. BRIAN
11) 8) text: Listen, maybe Broadway is not the right way to go for you right now. BRIAN
12) 0) text: The apartment has been completely redone. The old furnitu is out, more modern - if used - furniture is in. There's stuff, so it looks more spacious. There are new appliance the kitchen, and some of the art from Brian and Kathy's o Manhattan apartment now hangs on the walls, which have be newly painted with fresh colors. Brian, Kathy and Jake ha moved in, and it looks really nice. There are still piles of plates and pans to be put away, a few boxes on the floor by the kitchen. Pilar is taking stuff out of one of them. Plates and trays and things wra individually in bubble wrap and newspaper. Kathy unwraps and looks for places in the kitchen cabinets to put them away. While she's putting them away, Pilar unwraps a beautiful crystal serving plate. PILAR
16) 0) text: On the wall of Jake's new bedroom is the vintage movie po that used to belong to his grandfather. The room is paint in bright colors, with a small bed, a small desk - a youn man's cocoon. Jake is on his bed, a sketch pad on his lap and his Caran d'Ache pencils next to him. The door opens. Brian comes in. BRIAN
16) 2) text: Where's Mom? Shooting Script 07/27/15            23. BRIAN
16) 4) text: Another suicide? BRIAN
17) 0) text: Brian washes greens for the salad, as Jake enters. JAKE
17) 1) text: Dad, I can't find my drawings. BRIAN
17) 2) text: What drawings? Help me cut these. Brian hands Jake vegetables from the sink. JAKE
17) 3) text: The series I made on Percy Jackson. The sea of monsters? BRIAN
17) 5) text: Yes. BRIAN
17) 7) text: Yes, Dad. I looked. They're not there. BRIAN
17) 9) text: Why would you do that? They're my drawings! BRIAN
17) 11) text: New ones are never like the old ones! Jake wishes he could strangle his dad right now. He's tru upset. BRIAN
18) 0) text: Brian and Jake are having dinner. BRIAN
18) 2) text: Why the weird names? BRIAN
18) 6) text: What's a dacha? BRIAN
18) 8) text: Sounds complicated. BRIAN
20) 0) text: They're already having entrees, but the salad bowl is sti on the table. BRIAN
20) 2) text: I thought you weren't working with the Terrain anymore. I thought you were going to do Broadway now. Kathy joins them and helps herself to a big plate. BRIAN
23) 12) text: (cuts him off) Yes. Max was his grandfather. His father is Brian Jardine, the one that I told you about. JAKE
25) 0) text: Jake and Tony and Audrey's son LIAM are kicking a soccer and running around the freshly cut grass and new plants - yard has visibly improved since the old days, and the swi set has been removed. Brian prepares a grill, talking with his sister Audrey. Shooting Script 07/27/15            34.
28) 0) text: Brian and Audrey, holding chilled glasses of white wine, continue their conversation around the grill, when Jake c running and interrupts.
28) 2) dialog: Yes, Jake? JAKE
28) 3) text: Can Tony sleep over tonight? Brian now sees Leonor and Tony approaching also. BRIAN
28) 5) text: Sorry to interrupt, Brian. BRIAN
28) 11) text: Yes, because after dinner it would be too late for him to walk home alone. BRIAN
28) 15) text: (to Brian) I just wanted to make sure with you... BRIAN
28) 16) text: Please. I can't tell you how happy I am that Jake has a new friend. He spends too much time alone. And it's not easy for him with other boys. So it's great that he and Tony get along so well. Leonor doesn't respond. BRIAN
28) 20) text: Brian and I wanted to have a talk with you anyway, about some things, so maybe this is a good time. LEONOR
28) 22) text: We'd love a minute with you if that's ok. Right, Brian? The kids fall on the grass running after the ball. AUDREY
28) 24) text: I have to go. But thank you. BRIAN
28) 27) dialog: Next week?
28) 31) dialog: Great.
29) 1) text: Truth is, the neighborhood is changing and that's a very old- fashioned store. BRIAN
29) 4) text: Jake and Tony approach the table. The adults continue the conversation in a hushed tone, once the boys are at the table. BRIAN
29) 9) text: That's crazy. BRIAN
29) 14) text: Scary. BRIAN
29) 16) text: I'll have some afterwards. BRIAN
29) 19) text: And what is the number now? BRIAN
29) 21) text: One something. For eight years, never an increase. BRIAN
41) 0) text: Brian and two actresses, playing the roles of NINA and ARKADINA, are rehearsing on a stage of a small theater. For now, there's just some old blankets and a small bench Brian sits on the bench, "writing" something on a non- existant notebook. Nina sits on a blanket with pillows ne to him. NINA
41) 1) text: What are you writing? BRIAN/TRIGORIN
41) 3) text: An idea for a short story. A young girl grows up on the shores of a lake, as you have. Brian/Trigorin looks away, towards "the lake". BRIAN/TRIGORIN (CONT'D)
41) 5) text: Boris! Where are you? BRIAN/TRIGORIN
41) 6) text: I am coming this minute. Brian gets up and walks towards Arkadina. BRIAN/TRIGORIN
41) 8) text: We are not going away, after all. Brian/Trigorin embraces Arkadina, while Nina gets up and stands up front stage, lost in thought. NINA
41) 10) text: Okay. Let's try this one more time. And Brian, when you mention the dead seagull, don't look away from Nina. An ASSISTANT comes to give the Director a script. BRIAN
42) 0) text: Brian comes walking down the street, a messenger bag arou his torso, coming back from rehearsal. He approaches the house, and sees something that makes him pick up speed. Leonor is outside, smoking a cigarette. LEONOR
42) 1) text: Brian. I was waiting. Shooting Script 07/27/15            55.
42) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry. Rehearsal went later than I expected. Is this still a good time?
43) 0) text: Brian   is inside the store. He looks around, not sure wh place   himself. It gets darker and a loud `bang' is hear metal   shutter has been pulled down to close the store. comes   in.
43) 1) dialog: The store looks nice.
43) 3) dialog: The reason why I'm here, Leonor...
43) 5) dialog: Your lease has been expired for more than six months now. I guess you guys were about to renew it when my father passed?
43) 7) dialog: My sister and I are working on the transfer of ownership for the house. It's almost done; Dad left everything in order, all the taxes paid and all that. The only thing still pending is the store, which needs to have a new lease. Shooting Script 07/27/15             56. LEONOR
43) 8) text: You know, your father never thought much about contracts. He was very happy to have me here. Max thought my store gave "glamour" to the neighborhood, and he was proud to be associated. BRIAN
43) 10) text: It depends on what the right way is for you. BRIAN
43) 12) text: Yes, I noticed and so did Max. But it was his desire that I stay here. BRIAN
43) 13) text: We don't want you to go away. My sister Audrey has prepared a new lease for you, and we think it's very fair. We aren't trying to get market rate here, we know that's not possible, but still, you can't expect to pay the same rent you paid when you first moved in. Brian pulls some papers out of his bag. BRIAN
43) 15) text: Before we go any further with this conversation, I want you to take a look at this. Leonor opens a drawer, and takes out a small pile of photographs. She hands them to Brian. Shooting Script 07/27/15              57. LEONOR
43) 16) text: I am probably the last person to have photos printed, the old fashioned way. It's completely different than seeing them on a cellphone, don't you agree? Brian looks through the photos. Leonor looks over his shoulder. LEONOR
43) 18) text: I was more his family, if you want to know, than you were. BRIAN
43) 20) text: You hardly talked to each other. You never came to visit. I was the one here. I saw him everyday. BRIAN
43) 22) text: No, I don't need to. I have an idea what you and your sister have in mind. I'll just give this to my lawyer because, to be honest with you, Brian, I'm not sure I owe you anything. Maybe it's the other way around. Brian is speechless, sideswiped by Leonor's intensity and conviction. Shooting Script 07/27/15            58. BRIAN
44) 0) text: Kathy is setting the table. Brian enters and walks throug without stopping. KATHY
44) 1) text: Brian. Want to help me out here? BRIAN
44) 3) text: What's wrong? BRIAN (O.S.)
45) 0) text: Jake and Tony are playing a video game when Brian comes i
45) 5) dialog: (harsh)
45) 7) text: They stop playing, and look at Brian with surprise. JAKE
45) 8) text: Why not? He wanted to ask you about your acting career. BRIAN
45) 11) dialog: I said no. TONY
45) 12) text: We're about to finish the level. BRIAN
45) 13) text: Tony, you need to go home now. We can talk about acting another time. Brian notices the boys are getting uncomfortable. TONY
45) 14) text: Sure, Mr. J. BRIAN (to Tony, softening)
45) 15) text: I'm sorry, buddy. Your mother is waiting for you downstairs. Brian makes a quick exit, shutting the door behind him. The boys look at each other, unsure of what to do.
46) 0) text: Water is pouring from the shower. Brian, naked inside the glass, tests the temperature with his hand carefully. He adjusts the temperature one bit more, and finally goes un the shower. Brian takes a deep breath in, and a deep breath out as th water rains down on him, hoping it will wash off his apprehensions.
53) 1) dialog: Hey. Jake's eyes remain glued to his drawing. BRIAN
53) 2) text: Did something happen with Leonor downstairs? Jake looks at his father, but doesn't say anything. BRIAN
53) 3) text: The store is closed. It's not even five yet. Jake shrugs his shoulders, turns his attention back to th paper. BRIAN
53) 4) text: Have you seen Tony? Another shrug. Shooting Script 07/27/15                64. BRIAN
53) 5) text: Jake, can you stop playing around for a second?? Jake stops. BRIAN
53) 6) text: Did you see if the store was open earlier when you got home? Jake shakes his head yes. BRIAN
53) 7) text: Was it open? Jake shakes his head no. BRIAN
53) 8) text: No? It wasn't? Brian's cell phone starts ringing. BRIAN
53) 9) text: Talk to me Jake! Jake looks at his dad, but doesn't say anything. Brian, resigned, picks up his phone. BRIAN (on the phone)
53) 10) text: Audrey. Hi. Jake watches as his father walks towards the door, and ou talking on the phone. BRIAN (on the phone)
54) 0) text: Dinner time at the Jardine's; the meal in progress. Kathy and Brian are in the midst of a discussion, as Jake takes a seat at his usual spot. Shooting Script 07/27/15              65. KATHY
54) 1) text: It's not your fault. BRIAN
54) 3) text: Audrey will tell you if she thinks you owe her money. Don't worry about it. BRIAN
54) 5) text: What? BRIAN
54) 7) text: Incredible. Kathy can't believe this. BRIAN
54) 10) text: Ah. Still not talking. BRIAN
54) 13) text: (to Brian) Have you seen Jake's latest artwork? Shooting Script 07/27/15             66. BRIAN
54) 15) text: He's been doing a lot of mythological stuff. BRIAN
54) 16) text: Is that inspired by that book I gave you? Jake swings his head side to side: more or less. BRIAN
54) 18) text: Truth is, if he's really serious about applying to LaGuardia, he's going to need to start preparing a serious portfolio, no? BRIAN
54) 20) text: And you famously flunked. BRIAN
54) 21) text: I didn't "flunk"! Kathy laughs. Jake also. Brian doesn't find it funny. BRIAN
56) 1) text: I know you think we're the rich people coming into this neighborhood, but the truth is Brian hasn't made any money in years. I've been supporting this family with my hard work. LEONOR
64) 0) text: Audrey and Brian sit on a bench in a concrete garden in Midtown, the plaza of a great building, drinking to-go coffees. AUDREY
64) 1) text: Well, Dad must have really liked her. That part I think she's probably right about. He never raised the rent on the store. Not even once in more than eight years. And now Leonor's lawyer is charging us for improvements she made in the store. BRIAN
64) 3) text: She wants to fight. The woman is trouble, Brian. Once again, our warm, lovable, unwise father left us with a big mess, and no instructions. They both take that in. AUDREY
64) 4) text: Is it terrible, Brian, that I don't really miss him? BRIAN
64) 6) text: Do you miss him? BRIAN
64) 8) text: She's claiming she has the right to stay paying almost nothing. I think we should start the eviction process as soon as possible. BRIAN
64) 10) text: It takes a while, you know. BRIAN
64) 12) text: Remember that Dad worked very hard to leave us something. Now you have a nice big apartment, and I'm getting nothing. BRIAN
66) 0) text: Brian walks down the street, coming home late from rehear As he approaches his house, he sees something that catche his attention. He moves closer, and takes out his phone t light a sign posted on the window of the store. On the window, a sign: HELP WANTED - experience in retail required. Shooting Script 07/27/15              81.
67) 0) text: Brian comes in from the kitchen, with a bottle of wine, t join Kathy. She is on the couch with a book, and a glass wine in front of her. BRIAN
67) 3) text: How'd it go? BRIAN
67) 5) text: I'll toast to that. They make a toast, but Brian seems tense. KATHY
67) 6) text: What's going on? BRIAN
67) 8) text: No, I didn't see anything. BRIAN
67) 10) text: I told you this wasn't going to be easy. BRIAN
67) 13) dialog: Is it? Kathy takes a sip. KATHY
67) 14) text: Who's going to tell Jake? BRIAN
67) 16) text: Well then tell him soon. Please. BRIAN
69) 0) text: The stage is set; a lawn by a lake, a dead seagull and th wall of a house in the background. Brian and the actress playing NINA are in costume and in character. It's openin night. NINA
69) 1) text: What are you writing? BRIAN/TRIGORIN
69) 2) text: An idea for a short story. A young girl grows up on the shores of a lake, as you have. Brian/Trigorin looks intently into Nina's eyes. BRIAN/TRIGORIN (CONT'D)
69) 5) text: Boris! Where are you? BRIAN/TRIGORIN
69) 6) text: I am coming this minute. Brian/Trigorin gets up and walks towards the house. Arkad remains at the window. BRIAN/TRIGORIN
70) 0) text: Brian is driving his car through the city. Kathy is sitti in the passenger seat next to him, holding a BOUQUET OF FLOWERS. And in the back, Jake and Tony are there, sittin next to Roger, Brian's agent. ROGER
70) 1) text: It's in your delivery. It's very natural. You really manage to make Trigorin feel contemporary. BRIAN
70) 3) text: He's like one of those famous artists we meet at a party, you know? You're excited at first, but the minute you start a conversation, you're begging not to be left alone with the guy. Shooting Script 07/27/15                 84. BRIAN
70) 6) text: He's such a tormented artist. It's wonderful. Brian stops the car in front of Roger's apartment buildin ROGER
70) 7) text: And there were some really funny parts too. BRIAN
70) 9) text: Act two, particularly. BRIAN
70) 10) text: (laughing) It is. Roger squeezes Brian's shoulder, and leans over the seat give Kathy a kiss. ROGER
70) 13) text: Bye fellas. You should be very proud of this man here! Roger steps out of the car. Brian gives a big smile, and waves goodbye to his friend. The car starts again. Brian drives, and looks at the boys behind him in the rearview mirror. BRIAN
70) 15) text: Jake? It's your dad's opening night. BRIAN
70) 17) text: Brian. They're kids. To be honest, I'm not even sure I get that part. The boys look at each other and start laughing. KATHY
70) 18) text: But that doesn't take anything away from the pleasure of the story. Brian drives on, silent. Suddenly, he pulls the car over, and shifts the gear to p then turns around, and faces the boys. He's upset. BRIAN
70) 19) text: Do either of you care about anyone other than yourselves? Jake is startled, trying to figure out who to answer to, father or his friend. BRIAN
70) 20) text: Jake? Say something. Jake looks at Tony, who is shaking his head vigorously. BRIAN
70) 21) text: Say something! Jake is frozen. BRIAN
70) 22) text: One of the hardest things to realize as a child is that your parents are people too. Can you understand that? That they care about things. That they make mistakes. That they try to do what they think is right. Does any of what I'm saying make any sense to you? Jake shakes his head yes. Tony laughs. Shooting Script 07/27/15           86. BRIAN
71) 5) text: It's okay, Valentina. It's for me. This is Brian Jardine, our neighbor. He's a great actor. VALENTINA
71) 6) text: Oh really? Have I seen you in anything? BRIAN
71) 8) text: He's in a new play. What is it called? BRIAN
71) 10) text: Oh. That must be very popular. BRIAN
72) 0) text: Leonor and Brian are standing outside. Leonor lights a cigarette. LEONOR
72) 2) text: Your father cared about me, Brian. Do you believe that? Every day we would talk, and we would share things with each other. Have you ever had a friend like that? Someone you could tell anything? Shooting Script 07/27/15              88. BRIAN
72) 3) text: Only my wife. I'm a lot like Jake. I've never been good at having close friends. Leonor takes another drag. BRIAN
72) 5) text: I can't afford to pay three times the rent I paid your father. It's not possible. I can't survive. Brian doesn't respond. LEONOR
72) 6) text: I thought you were in a new big play. BRIAN
72) 8) text: He wanted me to stay here. He told me so. BRIAN
72) 10) text: You know your father thought your sister was the one who inherited his brains. Brian doesn't know how to respond. Shooting Script 07/27/15              89. BRIAN
72) 12) text: No. He wouldn't have agreed. I can promise you that. BRIAN
72) 14) text: Do you know why your father didn't go to your son's birthday party, the last one? BRIAN
72) 16) text: No. That's maybe what he told you. The truth is, he was embarrassed, Brian. He was embarrassed that everything in your house was paid for by your wife. He thought you should be more of a man. He hated being around you. Brian tries to swallow some coffee, but the cup is empty. BRIAN
74) 0) text: The empty stairwell. The doorbell rings. Brian comes down stairwell to the front door of the house. The bell RINGS again, just as he OPENS the door. Tony is there, with his mom behind him. TONY
74) 1) text: Hello, Mr. J. Is Jake home? Brian takes in that Tony is talking to him for the first in weeks. BRIAN
74) 3) text: I'd like to talk to him if I could. BRIAN
74) 4) text: Of course, Tony. Come in. Leonor catches his eye. BRIAN
75) 0) text: The door to Jake's room is closed. Brian and Leonor sit together just outside at the dining table. Kathy is standing a few feet away, at the kitchen door. Shooting Script 07/27/15             92.
75) 4) text: Mom! Dad! Mom!! BRIAN
75) 11) text: How could you do that? How could you do that to them? Dad?? BRIAN
75) 13) text: The rent is too expensive! She can't afford it, Mom. So Dad needs to give her a discount so she can! BRIAN
75) 16) text: It's okay, I'm talking now! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'll never do that again. I promise. Dad, I promise. BRIAN
75) 18) text: I have a great idea. BRIAN
75) 20) text: I know. He loved Leonor too. Tony told me! BRIAN
75) 22) text: But I have an idea! I know how we can make it work! We go back to our old apartment, and we rent this place and give the money to Aunt Audrey. Tony and I are both going to be at the LaGuardia High School for Performing Arts in Manhattan, so I won't need to take the subway or anything to school. I can walk. And you'll be closer to the theater. I loved the show, Dad. I loved it. Tony did too. We both talked about it a lot afterwards. You were so good! And I thought it was really complex and everything. I'm sorry I didn't tell you then. I'm sorry. But I loved it. I really did! Leonor, Tony, Kathy, and Brian all look in silence as Jak goes on, trying to make this adult mess make sense again. Shooting Script 07/27/15               94.
84) 0) text: Brian pulls up in his car, comes to a stop, and gets out. already walking towards the car is Jake, with bandages on right knee, being helped along by a PARK RANGER, who carr his roller blades. PARK RANGER
84) 1) text: Mr. Jardine? BRIAN
84) 3) text: I'm sorry, Dad. BRIAN
84) 9) text: There was a bump, I didn't see. BRIAN
84) 11) text: He fell on his right side shoulder, and he scraped his knee. BRIAN
84) 12) text: Let's go home. The ranger helps Brian put Jake in the back, with his leg stretched out and his foot up on the seat. Brian gets in the driver's seat of the car.
85) 4) text: It hurts when I go like this. He moves it up and down a hair. Brian is standing behind them, in the dark. BRIAN
85) 7) text: I think it's in the hall closet. I'll get it in a minute. She finishes with the cream, then gives Jake a kiss, and steps out. Brian takes over for her to finish the bandages. BRIAN
85) 10) dialog: That's what you said last week. You just had to finish one painting.
85) 12) dialog: Jake, do you by any chance remember that story I told you, about my friend Tina?
85) 14) dialog: No, that was Martine. Tina was a girl I knew in high school who was a dancer. Her mother was a dancer. She was literally born to be a dancer. She had a perfect ballet dancer's body, and all of us were certain she was going to be a big success.
85) 16) dialog: No. During high school, she got into a really good conservatory, and I ran into her a couple of times after that, and she was always about to get this, or about to get that. But each time, her arm would be in a sling, or she would be on crutches. She would have a pulled ligament. Or a stress fracture in her back. The last time I saw her, I ran into her on the subway, it was clear she hadn't danced for years. She was fat. You would have never imagined that she was the same girl.
85) 19) text: I don't know. BRIAN
85) 20) text: She trained too hard. She practiced too much. She didn't trust her own natural abilities. He continues to wrap the bandage. BRIAN
85) 22) text: And how do I know if I have the balance? BRIAN
85) 23) text: That's why I'm telling you this, because you'll turn in your portfolio soon, and they're going to love it. They're going to love you. I know they will. You'll go to LaGuardia, and you'll have fun, but also plenty of challenges. Soon enough you'll find out if you have the balance. The bandage is done. BRIAN
85) 25) text: I don't know. I don't know what he's doing. Brian looks at Jake. BRIAN
85) 27) text: What do you mean? BRIAN
85) 29) text: Would it have changed anything? BRIAN
85) 31) text: Dad, would you mind if I give you some advice? Would that be okay. BRIAN
85) 33) text: Don't worry so much. Brian waits for more. JAKE
85) 34) text: That's all. BRIAN
85) 35) text: That's a lot. Brian gives Jake a kiss on the forehead, and stands up. JAKE
85) 36) text: Dad, would you mind if I play one of my video games? I know it's Tuesday, and I know I should do something more productive with my time, but I'm kind of tired. BRIAN
85) 37) text: Of course, Son. Brian finds the game controller, and hands it Jake. JAKE
85) 38) text: Will Mom be mad? BRIAN
86) 0) text: Kathy stands outside the door, heating pad in her hands, listening to her husband and son. She holds back her tear Brian comes out of the room and closes the door. He sees Kathy, who begins to weep, as quietly as she can. Brian wraps his arms around her and they hold each other tightly.