4) 0) text: LEONOR CALVELLI rolls down the metal shutters of a Brookl storefront. A sign above reads "CASA DE MODA". It's the ground floor commercial space of a two-story row house on commercial street in Brooklyn. She pushes down the last b of the gate with her foot to lock it up. You can still go and out through a door space that's open. She lights up a cigarette and leans on the gate, calmly surveying the str a daily routine. Leonor is in her early 50's, dark hair and dark eyes, her beauty toughened up by a hard life. After a few puffs, sh hears a car parking in front, doors open and close. Leono recognizes someone, and throws her cigarette out. She ope the door, and calls inside the store. LEONOR
4) 2) text: What?! LEONOR
4) 3) text: Come! Come here!* *- Throughout the film, italics will indicate when Leonor Tony and others speak Spanish. She forces a smile, greeting the still unknown visitor, t she turns to inside and calls again, impatiently. LEONOR
5) 0) text: Across the street from Leonor, Jake is helping his parent BRIAN and KATHY JARDINE get plates of food wrapped in cellophane and other catering goods from out of the car. couple, dressed in formal dark clothes, have the youthful look of people who can afford to take a nice vacation onc year. Jake sees when ANTONIO "TONY" CALVELLI, a handsome 13 yea old boy with dark hair and eyes, comes running out from inside the store, and stops next to Leonor. Shooting Script 07/27/15               8. LEONOR
5) 2) text: Hello Mrs. Calvelli. Brian Jardine, we've met. LEONOR
5) 3) text: Of course, Brian. I'm so sad for what has happened. I'm so sorry. Jake sees when Leonor, suddenly overtaken by emotion, gra his father's hand and pulls him closer for a hug, which m Brian visibly uncomfortable. Leonor tries to hide her tea LEONOR
5) 5) text: Thank you. LEONOR
5) 7) text: I know. LEONOR
5) 9) text: I don't think you've met my wife Kathy. LEONOR
5) 10) text: Hi. Nice to meet you. Leonor. Kathy smiles warmly, as Brian opens the door to the house KATHY
5) 12) text: We're having a little reception upstairs. Just family and a few friends. LEONOR
5) 17) text: Here, pass me that. I can carry it. In the distance, Leonor watches, while Tony helps by pull another set of plates and bottles out of the car, organiz a crate to be carried off. TONY
8) 13) text: Aww... Thanks, Stu. Did you hear that, Jake? Jake is saved from Stu by a knock on the door. He runs to open it, and there she is: Leonor holding a beautiful cak Kathy, who also heard the knock, comes to see what's goin on. LEONOR
8) 14) text: It's a dessert we make for special occasions in my country. She hands the cake to Kathy. LEONOR
8) 16) text: Oh my God. You didn't have to. Shooting Script 07/27/15                14. LEONOR
8) 19) dialog: It's okay. KATHY
8) 20) text: Please. I insist. LEONOR
8) 22) text: Sorry if we didn't say anything earlier. Brian and I... we're both very tired. It's all been so fast. LEONOR
8) 24) text: Thank you so much for this. It's very kind of you. Thank you. Leonor leaves, and Jake shuts the door. Kathy is left wit the beautiful cake on her hands. She looks across the roo and sees Brian, in the middle of a crowd, holding court, being a good actor.
13) 1) text: She is going to say hello to the salesgirl, but doesn't w to interrupt and goes directly towards Leonor, who is in back of the store behind a sewing machine, fixing the col of a shirt. KATHY
13) 2) text: Leonor. LEONOR
13) 4) text: No, no. Look what I just found. LEONOR
13) 6) text: I think that night we just ended up taking everything back to our apartment. And then we put things away, and I forgot. I'm so sorry. LEONOR
13) 8) text: It's a beautiful plate. She takes it from Kathy's hand. LEONOR
13) 10) text: I don't see patients on Monday. I need a day a week to organize my life, you know. LEONOR
13) 12) text: The store looks cute. LEONOR
13) 14) text: I like that dress over there. The one with the floral patterns. Shooting Script 07/27/15                 20. LEONOR
13) 16) text: I have to go back- LEONOR
14) 0) text: Kathy pulls open the curtain wearing the floral dress, an shows it to Leonor, who's waiting outside. LEONOR
14) 2) text: Are you sure? I don't know. Leonor comes with expert hands and pulls a pinch on the shoulder strap. LEONOR
14) 4) text: How much is it? LEONOR
14) 5) text: Whatever the price, I'll give you ten percent discount. Let me see. Leonor looks for a tag around the cuffs. KATHY
14) 6) text: Did you make this? LEONOR
15) 2) text: Jake? Jake, what is our deal? She turns to Leonor. KATHY
15) 7) text: We have this rule in the house; no games during the week. And no internet before five either. LEONOR
15) 9) text: Shhh! Quiet!! LEONOR
15) 10) text: Antonio! Watch your tone of voice, por favor! (MORE) Shooting Script 07/27/15              22. LEONOR (CONT'D) (back to Kathy)
15) 12) text: Mrs. Jardine. Maybe you will let us finish this level, please? LEONOR
23) 0) text: An old apartment, functional and in need of paint job. Mo furniture dominates the space, but there are a couple of catching art pieces; a large modernist painting and a striking sculpture. In a corner, there's a large bookshel filled with books, but one corner has been turned into a with a few different types of glasses, and various liquor bottles. Leonor is in the living room preparing a drink next to HE ALONSO, Latin, early 60's, dressed in a suit and tie. He stands close to Leonor, and leans over to help her with t drink. At this very moment, Jake and Tony burst in throug the door. TONY (out of breath)
23) 1) text: Eight minutes and twenty three seconds! He throws his scooter on the floor and runs to the kitche Jake stays by the door, polite, waiting to greet the elde roller blades in hand. LEONOR
23) 3) text: A new record! Around the block and up the stairs in eight minutes and twenty three seconds! Shooting Script 07/27/15              28. LEONOR
23) 6) text: Good evening, Mrs. Calvelli. LEONOR
23) 11) text: Ah! So you are the Grandson- LEONOR
23) 19) text: Maybe. This conversation is getting too deep for Jake. Leonor se that he's uncomfortable, and helps him out. LEONOR
24) 37) text: A green sky with yellow stars... The door opens, with Leonor in an apron and a wooden spoo hand. LEONOR
27) 0) text: Leonor is sitting at her desk going through the store receipts and expenses with a calculator, taking notes on notebook, and entering info in the computer. She is not h doing this kind of work, the numbers make her frustrated. Leonor goes through the same papers one more time, re- entering the same numbers in the calculator when Tony and Jake storm into the office. TONY
27) 2) dialog: Tony... TONY
27) 4) text: And hot dogs. LEONOR
27) 6) text: He can sleep over. LEONOR (to Jake)
27) 8) text: He won't mind. LEONOR
28) 3) text: Can Tony sleep over tonight? Brian now sees Leonor and Tony approaching also. BRIAN
28) 4) text: Well, hello Leonor. LEONOR
28) 6) text: No, please, you're not... You've met my sister Audrey, haven't you? LEONOR
28) 8) text: Hi Leonor. Long time no see. LEONOR
28) 10) text: And a sleep-over! LEONOR
28) 14) text: Done deal, bro. He shakes hands with Tony. Tony and Jake go running to pl in the grass. LEONOR
28) 16) text: Please. I can't tell you how happy I am that Jake has a new friend. He spends too much time alone. And it's not easy for him with other boys. So it's great that he and Tony get along so well. Leonor doesn't respond. BRIAN
28) 17) text: You've got a great kid, but I guess you know that. LEONOR
28) 19) text: Leonor, do you want some wine? Leonor considers for a moment. AUDREY
28) 20) text: Brian and I wanted to have a talk with you anyway, about some things, so maybe this is a good time. LEONOR
28) 23) text: Liam, watch out! Your cousin is smaller than you! Shooting Script 07/27/15             37. LEONOR
28) 25) text: You know, Leonor, after my father died, there was so much to do. We decided to move in, and time just flew by. You and I haven't really had a chance to talk about the store, and all that stuff. Maybe we can have a chat this week? LEONOR
28) 28) dialog: Could be. Brian gets his iPhone out, checking his calendar. BRIAN
28) 30) dialog: Sure.
38) 3) text: Jake goes directly to the back. Leonor is sewing. Jake walks by on his way to the office.
38) 6) text: Is Tony in the office? LEONOR
38) 8) text: But we're supposed to meet some friends. LEONOR
42) 0) text: Brian comes walking down the street, a messenger bag arou his torso, coming back from rehearsal. He approaches the house, and sees something that makes him pick up speed. Leonor is outside, smoking a cigarette. LEONOR
42) 3) dialog: Yes. I sent the girl home early so we could talk. You want to go inside? I'm just going to finish this.
43) 2) dialog: Thanks. I did a lot of work here.
43) 4) dialog: I know.
43) 6) dialog: Brian, why don't you sit down. They go towards the back of the store. Leonor sits behind desk/sewing machine, Brian in front of her. He opens his messenger bag, and takes out a brown envelope.
43) 9) text: The situation has changed, and now we have two families owning the house; mine and Audrey's. It's better for us, and for you, to have things done the right way, wouldn't you agree? LEONOR
43) 11) text: Leonor, this neighborhood is changing very fast. The rents have gone up quite a lot in the past few years. I'm sure you've noticed. LEONOR
43) 14) text: Here, why don't you take a look. LEONOR
43) 15) text: Before we go any further with this conversation, I want you to take a look at this. Leonor opens a drawer, and takes out a small pile of photographs. She hands them to Brian. Shooting Script 07/27/15              57. LEONOR
43) 16) text: I am probably the last person to have photos printed, the old fashioned way. It's completely different than seeing them on a cellphone, don't you agree? Brian looks through the photos. Leonor looks over his shoulder. LEONOR
43) 17) text: That's me in the backyard, on July 4th. That's me and Tony and your father at the Fair of St. Anthony's. That's us with my family, when they were visiting. Your father and I were very good friends. We spent a lot of time together. What you and your sister don't understand is that Max wanted me to stay here. He thought of me as part of this house, this neighborhood. He returns the photos to Leonor. LEONOR
43) 19) text: That's a ridiculous thing to say. LEONOR
43) 21) text: This is not what I came here for. Why don't we go back to the lease. Take a look, please. It's fair. LEONOR
43) 22) text: No, I don't need to. I have an idea what you and your sister have in mind. I'll just give this to my lawyer because, to be honest with you, Brian, I'm not sure I owe you anything. Maybe it's the other way around. Brian is speechless, sideswiped by Leonor's intensity and conviction. Shooting Script 07/27/15            58. BRIAN
43) 24) dialog: No. Brian walks to the door, and out. BRIAN
43) 25) text: Goodnight, Leonor. Leonor says nothing.
49) 0) text: Outside the house, Leonor is closing the gate to her stor talking to Tony. Jake stands by watching, withdrawn by th tone of the conversation. LEONOR
49) 2) text: C'mon, Mami. We have spaghetti in the fridge. LEONOR
49) 5) text: Yes we are. LEONOR
49) 7) text: It's okay Tony. I'll see you tomorrow. Leonor begins to walk away. LEONOR
53) 2) text: Did something happen with Leonor downstairs? Jake looks at his father, but doesn't say anything. BRIAN
54) 9) text: Jake. Did you see Leonor today? Jake, shakes his head no, and sits down at the table. KATHY
55) 3) text: Thanks. I'm looking for Leonor. Oh, I see her. Leonor is behind the sewing machine in the back of the st fixing a pair of palazzo pants. KATHY
55) 4) text: Hi Leonor. LEONOR
55) 5) text: Hi. Just a second, let me just me finish this. Kathy sits on a chair across from her, and waits for her finish sewing. Leonor pulls the pants away from the machi and breaks the thread with her teeth. LEONOR
55) 7) text: Monday. LEONOR
55) 8) text: Right. Your day off. Oh, you have to see this new dress. Bianca, show her the new dress! The green one. Leonor puts another pair of pants on the machine, and sta sewing. Bianca picks up a green dress from the racks. Kathy, politely, goes to check it out. BIANCA
55) 11) text: No, we found this fabric, it's vintage fabric. And Leonor made the dress herself. Shooting Script 07/27/15              68. KATHY
55) 12) text: It's beautiful. Wow. But it's really not my style. Thank you. I need to talk to Leonor. Kathy approaches the back of the store again. This time Leonor keeps concentrated on her sewing job, and doesn't to talk. KATHY
55) 13) text: Cute dress. LEONOR
55) 15) text: Yes. I really like it, but I can't wear anything too tight on the waist these days. I need to lose a few pounds first. Leonor keeps sewing. Kathy looks around the store. She clearly wants to say something, but Leonor avoids any eye contact. KATHY
55) 16) text: Leonor, do you have a minute? LEONOR
55) 18) text: Tony is still not talking? LEONOR
55) 20) text: Same with Jake. LEONOR
55) 22) text: The one good thing, I have to say, is that Jake has been drawing and painting more than ever. LEONOR
55) 24) text: Yes! If he really wants to apply to LaGuardia, he needs to prepare a portfolio. Is Tony still planning on applying also? LEONOR
55) 26) text: Listen, Leonor, you know that I'm trained in conflict resolution, so I'm hoping I can help here, help settle this problem between you and our family. LEONOR
55) 28) text: No. And by the way, he's been working really hard. I'm not sure you know that, but he's rehearsing for a new play. LEONOR
55) 30) text: I know he's been waiting to hear from you. Leonor doesn't respond. KATHY
55) 31) text: Leonor? Leonor continues to sew, until Kathy loses her patience, slaps her hand on top of the piece of clothing Leonor is trying to sew. KATHY
55) 32) text: Can't we talk about what is really going on here? Leonor is startled: a completely unexpected reaction from Kathy. She looks over to Bianca, to make sure she's not listening. LEONOR
56) 0) text: Leonor smokes a cigarette in the backyard. Kathy is next her. KATHY
56) 1) text: I know you think we're the rich people coming into this neighborhood, but the truth is Brian hasn't made any money in years. I've been supporting this family with my hard work. LEONOR
56) 3) text: I know it's not. I'm just trying to talk about it. LEONOR
56) 5) text: I know that. What I want to tell you is we will give you time, but we need this money. We need the shop to cover its rent. That's not an unfair thing to ask of a tenant. LEONOR
56) 6) text: But I'm not a tenant. To Max I was more than a tenant. I was family. I belong here. And before you go any further; let me ask you: do you know how much work I've done here? The tile floors? The marble bathroom? That office in the back? I paid for all that. Leonor throws her cigarette out. She turns and goes back the store, leaving KATHY alone in the yard.
59) 0) text: Tony is on his bed, playing a video game. There's a knock the door, and Leonor sticks her head inside. LEONOR
60) 2) text: Wait, wait. Let me do this for you. Don't worry. This is good luck. There you go. So tell me; what's going on? How's school? You still hoping for LaGuardia? Leonor brings a cup with ice to the table. LEONOR
60) 4) text: Did the cat get your tongue? LEONOR
60) 6) text: What happened? LEONOR
60) 9) dialog: Ask him. Tony looks at them both; he's not budging. NICK
60) 10) text: Tony, now that I'm here you're not going to say anything to me? Tony shrugs his shoulders. Nick looks at Leonor, question She shrugs her shoulders too. LEONOR
61) 0) text: Dinner is served. Leonor sits down and they start helping themselves to food. Tony, ever silent, pays attention clo to the conversation. NICK
61) 1) text: So what are you going to do, Leonor? LEONOR
61) 4) dialog: Yes. Shooting Script 07/27/15              75. NICK
61) 5) text: Is he the best person for this? LEONOR
61) 7) text: Are we talking about an exit strategy? LEONOR
61) 9) text: But you should have an exit plan. LEONOR
61) 11) text: What if they can? LEONOR
61) 13) text: Or look for a job? Leonor stops eating for a moment. She can't believe her e LEONOR
61) 15) text: Don't take everything so personally, Leonor. The world isn't always stacked up against you. LEONOR
61) 17) text: Rent goes up. That's life in this city. These people are not doing this to you. Shooting Script 07/27/15              76. LEONOR
61) 19) text: I'm not disagreeing with you. LEONOR
61) 21) text: I'm just being realistic. Life here is expensive. I think you should have a plan. LEONOR
61) 23) text: I know it's not. LEONOR
61) 25) text: That's not true. LEONOR
61) 27) text: Can we not talk about money now? Damn, Leonor. You spoil everything. I can't even eat. At this, Tony bangs his fork and knife on the table, loud
63) 0) text: Leonor is cleaning up after dinner, drying the dishes. Shooting Script 07/27/15                78.
64) 1) text: Well, Dad must have really liked her. That part I think she's probably right about. He never raised the rent on the store. Not even once in more than eight years. And now Leonor's lawyer is charging us for improvements she made in the store. BRIAN
67) 7) text: Did you see the sign Leonor has posted in the window? KATHY
71) 0) text: Leonor picks up a dress from a pile on the main table, an shows it to the new salesgirl, VALENTINA. LEONOR
71) 2) text: I see. So if they don't know what they want, I try to keep them here in the front first, and then show them the ones in the back. LEONOR
71) 4) text: Hello. Can I help you? LEONOR
71) 7) text: I doubt it. LEONOR
71) 9) text: The Seagull. LEONOR
72) 0) text: Leonor and Brian are standing outside. Leonor lights a cigarette. LEONOR
72) 1) text: The day your father died, he came by in the morning. I asked him to buy me a pack of cigarettes, and then I never saw him again. Leonor gets emotional, and a tear rolls down her face. LEONOR
72) 3) text: Only my wife. I'm a lot like Jake. I've never been good at having close friends. Leonor takes another drag. BRIAN
72) 4) text: I hope you can understand that what's happening is nothing personal. LEONOR
72) 5) text: I can't afford to pay three times the rent I paid your father. It's not possible. I can't survive. Brian doesn't respond. LEONOR
72) 7) text: I am in a new play. But it's not big, and it's not a lot of money. It's just the way it is, Leonor. I'm fortunate enough to have had a father who left me a house in Brooklyn. LEONOR
72) 9) text: Leonor. I also have a sister, and she has her own family, and we all have to decide together what to do. It's not just up to me. Leonor takes a moment, and then proceeds in a new directi LEONOR
72) 11) text: They were very much alike. I'm sure he would agree with Audrey that, above everything, it's important to take care of business. LEONOR
72) 13) text: Leonor, what do you want me to say? I have a family. We have bills too. LEONOR
72) 15) text: He had the flu. LEONOR
72) 17) text: Well, he's not around anymore, is he. LEONOR
73) 0) text: Leonor is on the couch in the office, while HernГ n, her lawyer, sits on the edge of the desk holding official cou room papers. He's very serious, and she's clearly very up HERNГЂN
73) 1) text: This Holdover clause is common in any commercial lease. He hands her a piece of paper, which she reads. Shooting Script 07/27/15              90. LEONOR
73) 2) text: What am I going to do? I can't afford this. HernГ n comes closer and puts his hand on her shoulder. T door opens all of a sudden, and Tony storms in, frighteni Leonor. LEONOR
73) 4) text: Tony laughs at the fright he's given Leonor. LEONOR
73) 6) text: I'm sorry, Leonor. He takes the paper from Leonor's hands. LEONOR
73) 8) text: The penalty for overstaying may seem like a high number, and it is. That's why it's in the contract; to prevent that the tenant overstays paying below the market rent indefinitely. LEONOR
73) 10) text: Leonor, I've done everything I can. It's over now. You have a week to leave the premises. Tony sees his mother's eyes tear up with the news. She st to cry, and it's too much for him to bear. He goes and hu his mother. Shooting Script 07/27/15                91. TONY
74) 4) text: Of course, Tony. Come in. Leonor catches his eye. BRIAN
74) 5) text: Why don't you both come in. Leonor. Please. They walk up the stairs to the apartment.
75) 0) text: The door to Jake's room is closed. Brian and Leonor sit together just outside at the dining table. Kathy is standing a few feet away, at the kitchen door. Shooting Script 07/27/15             92.
75) 2) text: You sure I can't get you something, Leonor. LEONOR
75) 8) text: Mom, Tony told me Leonor is being evacuated from the store! KATHY
75) 20) text: I know. He loved Leonor too. Tony told me! BRIAN
75) 21) text: He liked Leonor, of course, but he left the house for us, and also for Aunt Audrey. JAKE
75) 22) text: But I have an idea! I know how we can make it work! We go back to our old apartment, and we rent this place and give the money to Aunt Audrey. Tony and I are both going to be at the LaGuardia High School for Performing Arts in Manhattan, so I won't need to take the subway or anything to school. I can walk. And you'll be closer to the theater. I loved the show, Dad. I loved it. Tony did too. We both talked about it a lot afterwards. You were so good! And I thought it was really complex and everything. I'm sorry I didn't tell you then. I'm sorry. But I loved it. I really did! Leonor, Tony, Kathy, and Brian all look in silence as Jak goes on, trying to make this adult mess make sense again. Shooting Script 07/27/15               94.