0) 1) dialog: What is going on here?! The kids scramble back to their seats as the lights go on MR. PLUMMER, the teacher, has come in.
0) 2) dialog: What is this mess?? Didn't you promise me to be quiet? Can't I even leave you alone for five minutes?? Lionel, sit down. Sit down, I said! Melissa, put your phone away. Put it away right now! I asked you to be quiet, and... look at you. What a disappointment. Mr. Plummer wanders around the classroom, inspecting everyone. Each kid has a different reaction. Some are frightened, others think it's funny. Some are respectful, some others, defiant. The teacher stops by a desk that's covered by a VERY COLO DRAWING, while the STUDENT rushes to put away his large collection of Caran d'Ache pencils neatly in the box.
0) 3) dialog: Jacob, what is this? Shooting Script 07/27/15               2.
0) 6) dialog: A green sky with yellow stars??
0) 8) dialog: Watch out, Jacob: Vincent van Gogh ended up cutting off his own ear. Some of the boys have a ball with this. Girls cover their mouths not to laugh out loud. Jake blushes, his eyes fill with quiet, angry tears; he wasn't even talking to anyone he was just drawing, doing his thing. Life is so unfair.
0) 9) dialog: Quiet!! I said quiet, everybody! This is not a playroom. It's not an art studio. Much less a disco, Ms. Neves. It's a classroom. It is my classroom, and I asked you to be quiet. A simple request, and you showed me you don't know how to behave yourselves. Was I talking to the walls? Amanda, please collect everybody's homework, and bring them to me. AMANDA, the teacher's favorite, promptly goes around the class collecting homework. The individual students now li intently to Mr. Plummer's speech. But there are exception one or two still defy his authority, swallowing a laughte that cannot contain itself.
0) 10) dialog: If I had to leave the class, it is because I had something very important to do. I come back, and I see you screaming and dancing! There's a saying, it's an old saying, that says: "Silence is golden." Write this down, children.
0) 13) text: Silence is golden but my eyes still see. Talking is cheap, people follow like sheep." Mr. Plummer writes this up on the board. Jake, instead of writing, furiously draws a wild dancing cobra on his notebook. MR. PLUMMER
0) 14) text: What does this mean? Amanda raises her hand, ready to give an answer. MR. PLUMMER
0) 15) text: Not now, Amanda. I want you all to write down your thoughts on this: "silence is golden." He underlines "silence is golden" on the board. MR. PLUMMER (CONT'D)