25) 0) text: AN underground rave, lit in flashing reds and pulsing tec music. People shuffle and dance like the possessed. At a glance, it looks like people might be having sex in dark corners. Others are scantily clad, in underwear or l People wearing masks and horns and animal headdresses. Th kind of underground party we all know probably happens somewhere, but would never get invited to ourselves. 41. Papillon pushes his way through the crowd, trying to ask people - through the noise - if they’ve seen La Taupe. A SKINHEAD grabs Scarlett, pulls her into the crowd, star grinding on her. He’s wearing nothing but combat boots an his underwear, revealing a swastika on his chest. Scarlett pushes away, but he’s aggressive. George jumps forward, hitting the Skinhead across the fac slamming him back through the crowd and onto his back. Other Ravers jump to the Skinhead’s aid, striking George the mouth. Scarlett tries to intervene on George’s behalf but no words can be heard over the pulsing music. People, very tough, very scary people corner George. One takes a swing, but George blocks it. George gets ready fo real fight. He’s amped up. Scarlett inserts herself between George and the crowd. Papillon pushes his way through, and holds the ravers off George. Scarlett and George push their way through the crowd and out of the room.
27) 2) dialog: Chantez-le? Papillon stops, does a weird little jig.
27) 5) dialog: Papi, papi, papi, ion, ion, ion. C'est moi, c’est moi aussi, La Taupe est le garcon! La Taupe rushes out of the shadows and gives Papillon a b hug, his face obscured in shadows under his hooded sweatshirt.
27) 7) dialog: Mon ami puant! La Taupe looks at Scarlett and George suspiciously. LA TAUPE (CONT’D) Qui sont-elles ?
27) 9) dialog: Pourquoi ont-ils des appareils- photo?
27) 11) dialog: Non! La Taupe covers his face with his hand. LA TAUPE (CONT’D) (to the camera) You cannot film me! I do not permit to you filming me. Benji drops the camera low. LA TAUPE (CONT’D) Go. Get out of these place! He takes a beer bottle and throws it at them, almost hitt George.
28) 0) text: Glow sticks light the space to save flashlights. La Taupe, now wearing a kind of industrial mole mask that he’1l continue to wear, spins little flaming balls on str to music. It’s kind of beautiful. Souxie takes something out of a small kit. She crosses ou the room into the darkness of a tunnel by herself. Papillon drinks beer and talks with Scarlett and La Taupe Zed practices throwing rocks into a bucket.
28) 4) dialog: It doesn’t make any sense! A rock that can turn other rocks to gold and - AND - can also make you live forever. Doesn’t make sense.
29) 2) dialog: We go. La Taupe turns and leaves down a corridor, expecting them catch up.
30) 0) text: La Taupe winds them through corridor after corridor. He k his way around here like his own neighborhood. George tries to talk with him. 52.
30) 2) dialog: Down here there is no rules. No law. Here I do whatever I want when I want it.
30) 4) dialog: Yes. George looks around.
31) 0) text: La Taupe stops in front of a corridor filled with human bones.
31) 1) dialog: Stay on top. Parce que rats.
31) 4) dialog: (to George) Come closer. Get close. George crawls over the bones, getting closer behind La Ta not sure why Taupe is asking him to do so. La Taupe rips a fart right into George’s face, and laughs George looks back to Scarlett. 53.
31) 7) dialog: Fat tourist!
32) 1) dialog: This is why we don’t bring fat Irish tourist to the catacombs. La Taupe jabs his finger into Benji’s gut. 56. LA TAUPE (CONT’D) This guy, this fat guy he do not belong here. Fat guy, you should have taken fat man hall. La Taupe points to another hallway that leads to this sam end point. They didn’t have to do this to Benji.
32) 3) dialog: It’s more interesting this way. Scarlett snaps. She pushes him up against the wall.
32) 5) dialog: English girl has fire. He nods that he understands, amused by Scarlett’s spunk. The ceiling dusts them all a bit.
32) 12) dialog: Come.
33) 0) text: La Taupe leads them into the next corridor. He shines his light around until he finds some planks of wood on the ground. He pries them up, revealing a hole in the floor t goes very deep. George looks at it.
33) 8) dialog: Allez. 58.
34) 2) dialog: If we can’t, we die. So we will.
35) 4) dialog: Hungry fat Irish.
35) 11) dialog: Arret! Arret! They all stop. They have reached the end of the tunnel. Nothing but a wall in front of them. Scarlett references her map.
35) 13) dialog: There is no more. Scarlett picks up a stone and taps on the wall. Solid. She looks around, thinking.
35) 15) dialog: There is no more. C’est fini. They all look for any sign of anything. But there is noth there.
36) 6) dialog: La Taupe does not like the vultures. La Taupe is right, on the wall is a SMALL INSCRIPTION OF VULTURE.
36) 42) text: PERSON TO SQUEEZE THROUGH. La Taupe quickly crowds in to look. Scarlett shines a light into it, but it doesn’t reveal mu beyond a single rat scurrying out of sight.
36) 46) dialog: A new tunnel.
38) 7) dialog: Mon dieu. He takes a gold coin. Shoves it in his pocket. And anothe and another.
38) 19) dialog: Run! They all struggle get up and run like mad as THE CEILING CRUMBLES OVER THEM.
38) 24) dialog: I am. Pause.
38) 35) dialog: We're all dead! That was the only way out! 74. He’s right. They are all enclosed in a small room with no exit.
38) 38) dialog: The packs are buried.
38) 41) dialog: Once the headlamps go out...
38) 44) dialog: With what? Your hands?
38) 62) dialog: There is nothing below us. This is the bottom of the Catacombs. Scarlett takes the rock from George. She kneels down in t water in the gutter at the bottom of the chamber. She hit with the rock. Hits it again. And again. CRACK. She looks around at the others as the water drains of the bottom.
38) 66) dialog: This isn’t catacombs. Look at the edges. This wasn’t made by man. Who knows where this could lead.
39) 4) dialog: What.
39) 6) dialog: I’m not going in there.
39) 8) dialog: I don’t. La Taupe is deeply unnerved by the idea of crossing this threshold, but there truly is no other choice. The entrance is so small, so low to the ground that they’ have to slide through it one at a time. Scarlett notes it.
39) 11) dialog: I don’t like this. They prepare themselves to cross through. Scarlett goes for it. She slides her pack through and fol closely behind it.
40) 3) dialog: It’s exactly the same. Scarlett points at one of the painted gods on the wall.
40) 6) dialog: What happened to the entrance? THE SMALL ENTRANCE IS GONE. There is no retreat. La Taupe stands and looks at them, very seriously. LA TAUPE (CONT’D) Are we dead? They all contemplate this for a moment.
41) 3) dialog: (quiet) Maybe he knows a way out. (calling out) Do you know a way out? Nothing. The figure just keeps muttering to himself. Scarlett takes a step toward him. And another.
41) 24) dialog: Papillon?! Everyone is shaken up.
51) 4) dialog: 
55) 0) text: Scarlett races through Mushroom Alley, nothing left but a small smouldering hole where La Taupe was swallowed up.