14) 3) dialog: Qui étes-vous?
14) 5) dialog: Do I look like a tour guide to you?
14) 7) dialog: Why would I want to bring you down there? She takes a map of the catacombs out of her pocket and sl it onto the table in front of him.
14) 9) dialog: We would have found it if it was there.
14) 11) dialog: Why would that be?
14) 13) dialog: Is she serious? George nods. PAPILLON (CONT’D) Me and my friends can take half this treasure?
14) 16) dialog: You are a strange girl, aren’t you.
14) 18) dialog: Try these.
14) 24) dialog: No cell phones down there. Ground is too dense.
14) 26) dialog: No.
14) 28) dialog: (shouts ) Entrez! (to Scarlett) My team. In walks ZED, a quiet, squirrely Frenchman of 25, with la calves and strong hands. A perfectly designed climbing machine. 31. He’s trailed by SOUXIE, a motherly Goth girl. She’s the d mother of the cataphiles. PAPILLON (CONT’D) This is Zed, the last letter in climbing. And Souxie. The banshee. She sees all the waders and helmets and everything all ov the place.
14) 30) dialog: She also manages our supplies. Souxie sorts through the supplies.
15) 1) dialog: We'll enter through the park. That will make it easier to find La Taupe.
15) 3) dialog: “The Mole.”
15) 8) dialog: He is usually around...
15) 10) dialog: Sometimes going the wrong direction is the quickest way.
15) 12) dialog: Oui. We need this guy. INT. PAPILLON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Souxie counts out all the flashlights, clothes, etc. She tests each flashlight herself. She notices the camera and talks.
15) 16) dialog: And we always bring enough food and water for a week.
16) 0) text: Scarlett and George follow Souxie, Papillon, and Zed into dark wooded area in a park in Paris. 33. Papillon stops them about 50 feet shy of a dirt mound wit hole in it, surrounded by concrete and graffiti. The hole looks more like something a raccoon would live in. He and Zed scan the area for police.
16) 1) dialog: The police hate me here. All clear.
17) 9) dialog: Zed... Allez! Zed drops through the hole.
19) 3) dialog: Souxie... Allez! Souxie disappears through the hole. PAPILLON (CONT’D) (to George) I don’t care what you do, but make up your mind now.
19) 9) dialog: Allez! Allez! Allez!
19) 12) dialog: Allez! Allez! Benji jumps through the hole with the camera, followed closely by George.
20) 5) dialog: Allez! Allez! Allez! Papillon digs furiously in his pockets as they race throu the tunnels, fleeing from the police.
20) 7) dialog: Careful! Papillon leaps over a two foot hole in the floor. Followe Scarlett, and the rest. He motions into an alcove where they wait for the smoke t clear.
21) 1) dialog: Ha ha. Police will never catch Papillon! An ARTIST creeps out of the shadows and curses Papillon o for bringing the authorities there. He hates the smoke bo and despises the tourists that Papillon brought with him.
21) 3) dialog: Détendez. Je les ai évités avant que nous soyons arrivés ici.
21) 5) dialog: Bonne chose que votre peinture est terrible. Scarlett approaches the Artist’s work. It really is beautiful. 37.
21) 8) dialog: Avez-vous vu la Taupe?
21) 10) dialog: La Taupe has not been here. We must look for him.
21) 12) dialog: Je ne sais pas. Papillon leads them on.
22) 0) text: Papillon leads them through a corridor as Scarlett looks her map.
22) 1) dialog: (calling out) La Taupe? C’est moi, Papillon.
22) 3) dialog: We haven’t found La Taupe.
22) 5) dialog: The artist said he just saw La Taupe a couple hours ago. 38.
22) 7) dialog: La Taupe knows every cave. Scarlett holds up her map.
22) 9) dialog: You think because you see something in a book you know it?! Papillon smacks the map as he talks. Going the PAPILLON (CONT’D) This is not the catacombs! This will not tell you anything! Which ones are filled with water? Which ones are too full of bones to pass? Which ones have collapsed?! If you want to follow this map go ahead. I’m going to find La Taupe because these caves are dangerous and you need to know where you're going!
22) 20) dialog: Come.
23) 0) text: Papillon leads them through a slightly larger space. On o side, half a dozen cataphiles sit in what look like stone bleachers cut into the wall. On the other side, a movie -- the old silent version of “Phantom of the Opera” with Lon Chaney. The image has bee “remixed” to Aphex Twin, creating an interesting blend of and new. The movie shows the Phantom descending under the Parisian Opera house into the catacombs.
23) 1) dialog: Our cinema. George looks at the relaxed Parisians watching a movie do here.
24) 0) text: As they cross through a corridor, Papillon points out a s replica of the Bocca della Verita in Rome. (A giant disk carved face with an open mouth.) He nudges George, points at it. 40.
24) 1) dialog: According to legend, this statue will bite off your hand if you tell a lie. George is loosening up a bit.
25) 0) text: AN underground rave, lit in flashing reds and pulsing tec music. People shuffle and dance like the possessed. At a glance, it looks like people might be having sex in dark corners. Others are scantily clad, in underwear or l People wearing masks and horns and animal headdresses. Th kind of underground party we all know probably happens somewhere, but would never get invited to ourselves. 41. Papillon pushes his way through the crowd, trying to ask people - through the noise - if they’ve seen La Taupe. A SKINHEAD grabs Scarlett, pulls her into the crowd, star grinding on her. He’s wearing nothing but combat boots an his underwear, revealing a swastika on his chest. Scarlett pushes away, but he’s aggressive. George jumps forward, hitting the Skinhead across the fac slamming him back through the crowd and onto his back. Other Ravers jump to the Skinhead’s aid, striking George the mouth. Scarlett tries to intervene on George’s behalf but no words can be heard over the pulsing music. People, very tough, very scary people corner George. One takes a swing, but George blocks it. George gets ready fo real fight. He’s amped up. Scarlett inserts herself between George and the crowd. Papillon pushes his way through, and holds the ravers off George. Scarlett and George push their way through the crowd and out of the room.
26) 6) dialog: Those people are crazy people. Dangerous people. Papillon makes a crazy sign with his hands. PAPILLON (CONT’D) You overreact.
26) 20) dialog: The champion!
27) 0) text: They enter an alcove with bright fluorescent paint on the walls, a lot of it of mushrooms or other hallucinogenic-— inspired motifs. Papillon calls down a tunnel.
27) 1) dialog: La Taupe? They are all looking a bit tired. They’ve covered a lot o ground already. A voice calls out from the darkness.
27) 3) dialog: (sings) La Taupe, La Taupe, La Taupe. C’est moi, c’est moi, c’est moi. Papi, Papi, Papi, ion, ion ion. From the darkness, a voice sings.
27) 6) dialog: Mon ami étrange!
27) 8) dialog: Ils sont ok. Vous ne vous inquiétez pas.
27) 10) dialog: Ils font un documentaire environ...
27) 14) dialog: He will join us.
27) 17) dialog: He just threw it. It wasn’t at your head.
27) 19) dialog: But first he sleeps.
27) 21) dialog: He has eaten the... how you say... Papillon looks around, points to a graffiti image of a mushroom. PAPILLON (CONT’D) These.
27) 23) dialog: Oui. Mushrooms.
27) 25) dialog: Yes.
27) 27) dialog: Two hours.
27) 29) dialog: We stay here for the night.
27) 31) dialog: Yes. We sleep.
27) 35) dialog: Go ahead. Try. We’ll send a search party for you in a couple days.
27) 37) dialog: I’m sure the skinhead party would love to see you again without me to save you.
27) 43) dialog: It’s good, yes?
28) 0) text: Glow sticks light the space to save flashlights. La Taupe, now wearing a kind of industrial mole mask that he’1l continue to wear, spins little flaming balls on str to music. It’s kind of beautiful. Souxie takes something out of a small kit. She crosses ou the room into the darkness of a tunnel by herself. Papillon drinks beer and talks with Scarlett and La Taupe Zed practices throwing rocks into a bucket.
28) 1) dialog: You don’t seem like a treasure hunter.
28) 3) dialog: Then why search for this stone?
28) 6) dialog: Gold is good too. Scarlett grabs a couple beers and crosses the room toward George. The camera turns to George, anxiously sitting alone. Scarlett approaches George with a beer.
29) 5) dialog: He gets worse.
31) 2) dialog: Careful there are...
31) 8) dialog: (to La Taupe) Arret!
32) 8) dialog: That is bad.
33) 3) dialog: And let you keep all the treasure? No, I’m going with you.
35) 16) dialog: Does this mean, no treasure?
35) 18) dialog: (bummed ) Dommage. I was excited to be rich. Scarlett scans the surface for a sign, an inscription, anything. She thinks and thinks. She looks at her map. Mutters to herself, thinking through everything that’s led them here getting more and more frustrated.
35) 24) dialog: Are we ready to go the other direction?
36) 12) dialog: What’s a Ptolemaic hinge?
36) 14) dialog: Or what?
36) 47) dialog: The treasure.
37) 12) dialog: Is he dead?
37) 14) dialog: Creepy. The middle of the chamber is filled with water, making it echo creepily in the space.
38) 8) dialog: I’m quitting my job!!! There is a big pile of coins that seem wedged between the floor and ceiling. La Taupe pulls at them, trying to disl them. Souxie and Zed appear, and also pocket coins.
56) 0) text: A FIGURE at the other end of the corridor stops Scarlett her tracks. Doesn’t look like Papillon. Older, heavier. A VOICE behind her.