1) 0) text: Sun is almost touching the horizon. The camera shakes as Scarlett crosses through a sparsely populated marketplace as megaphones in the background dem everyone clear the area. Scarlett is careful to keep pace with REZA, a mousy Persi with a neatly trimmed moustache and a weathered knockoff Tommy Hilfiger T-shirt. He leads her to a small, rock hut a home.
1) 1) dialog: Hurry! Come!
2) 0) text: The camera follows Reza into a shanty.
2) 1) dialog: If they catch you here it would be very bad for you.
2) 5) dialog: Wait. You’1l need this. Reza grabs a homemade rope ladder that’s tied to the base the stove and drops it into the hole.
2) 6) text: Scarlett climbs into the dark cavern. As the camera crosses the threshold it moves into near to darkness. Background sound from the streets above become faint echoes. Reza drops down right behind her. A grinding sound as Reza’s wife slides the bookshelves ba into place, obliterating the light above. Once Scarlett gets her footing, she shines her flashlight down the cave corridor. It's long and dark. It's about 4 tall, forcing Scarlett and Reza into a crouched scamper.
2) 7) dialog: We don’t have much time. They have already cleared the area. They race deeper and deeper into the cave.
2) 10) dialog: We need to leave. We’re too late.
2) 12) dialog: It’s too risky.
2) 14) dialog: No.
2) 15) text: I’m not leaving. Reza can see she’s not bluffing. And she’s not. He reluctantly continues.
2) 16) dialog: Hurry! They race through one last corridor, then arrive at their destination --
2) 17) dialog: There. Scarlett races to it - a wall full of ancient Coptic Christian inscriptions.
2) 19) dialog: We must hurry. Please! The camera seems to drift down, and she resets it a coupl times until--
2) 21) dialog: We have to go! She hacks away at the inscriptions with the rock, chiseli off chunks of stone with each hit.
2) 24) dialog: They’1l hear you! Stop! A whistle blows in the distance. Someone shouts in Farsi.
2) 25) dialog: They're going to blow it.
2) 27) dialog: We don’t have a minute! She analyzes the stone wall. Picks a specific spot marked an inscribed rose. Takes one more hit and THE WHOLE WALL COLLAPSES TO THE GROUND revealing --
2) 30) dialog: We must go! Now! She pushes her way free.
2) 32) dialog: I’m sorry. I have a family. REZA RUNS OFF, LEAVING HER ALONE IN THE CAVE. Scarlett whips out a small piece of equipment the size of remote control from a small satchel hidden under her robe We hear faint voices on megaphones from down the tunnels The small scanner hums to life as it emits a solid line o green light. Scarlett begins to methodically blanket the statue with the laser, scanning it for future study.
2) 40) dialog: Something moves. Sunlight cracks through the dust. The ro ladder drops. Scarlett climbs into the light.
2) 41) text: And back into Reza’s house. She collapses on the ground, coughing furiously. She holds up the scanner.
2) 43) dialog: You remind me so much of your father. But you must be more careful. His quest was a path to madness.