0) 0) text: Camera powers up, jostles around until it settles on -- The floor of a third world bus. Middle Eastern legs, traditional Arabian dresses to the floor, homemade bags, animals everywhere. A chaotic scene with men, women, chil all shouting in Farsi. Brief glimpses of a mountainous landscape through the shaky windows. This bus could reall use some new shocks and a better muffler. The camera rises, turns around revealing its operator, a WOMAN wearing a hajib (a traditional Arabian headdress). slumps low in her seat for privacy, looks around cautious and carefully lowers her veil revealing -- SCARLETT DURANG, mid 20s, an adventurous British archaeologist. The kind of cat that gets killed by curios Her off-the-charts intellect and multiple post-grad degre are barely concealed by her striking good looks and punk inclinations. Judging from the cloth that edges frame, she is obviously shooting with a small camera attached to her hajib. She whispers to the camera - alert, but not scared.
0) 1) dialog: I'm approximately 20 miles inside the Iranian border en route to the Habala region where they have ordered the destruction of a network of caves at sundown tonight. I believe these caves might contain a critical missing piece of our history. A piece I can’t let them destroy. She turns the camera back around, then pauses and goes ba to her face. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Oh, and if I’m found dead, please know I entered the country of my own free will, fully knowing the penalty for trespassing here is burial up to your neck in sand and having a rock wall pushed on top of you. Which, you know, seems perfectly appropriate. She grins mischievously. SCARLETT (CONT’D) But they’1l have to catch me first.
1) 0) text: Sun is almost touching the horizon. The camera shakes as Scarlett crosses through a sparsely populated marketplace as megaphones in the background dem everyone clear the area. Scarlett is careful to keep pace with REZA, a mousy Persi with a neatly trimmed moustache and a weathered knockoff Tommy Hilfiger T-shirt. He leads her to a small, rock hut a home.
2) 2) dialog: Yeah. I know. Reza nods to his WIFE, in traditional garb. She nods back slides some sooty wooden shelves aside revealing --
2) 6) text: Scarlett climbs into the dark cavern. As the camera crosses the threshold it moves into near to darkness. Background sound from the streets above become faint echoes. Reza drops down right behind her. A grinding sound as Reza’s wife slides the bookshelves ba into place, obliterating the light above. Once Scarlett gets her footing, she shines her flashlight down the cave corridor. It's long and dark. It's about 4 tall, forcing Scarlett and Reza into a crouched scamper.
2) 11) dialog: They're not blowing the caves until sundown, right? Scarlett checks her watch. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Should give us a few more minutes.
2) 13) dialog: Which way is it? I'll go without you.
2) 18) dialog: (whispers ) It’s even more beautiful than the pictures. She runs her fingers through the grooves as if she’s read braille. She quietly reads aloud in an ancient tongue.
2) 20) dialog: How can anyone think straight with these head covers falling all She anxiously whips the veil off her head and throws it d on the floor beside her, RE-FRAMING THE CAVE IN AN AWKWAR ANGLE, CAPTURING SHE, REZA, AND THE WALL SIDEWAYS. She continues reading the inscriptions. SCARLETT (CONT’D) There’s more. She looks around frantically, grabs a rock off the floor.
2) 23) dialog: They're going to blow it up anyway!
2) 26) dialog: I just need a minute.
2) 29) dialog: Oh my God! Do you know what this is?! It takes her a moment to snap to. Reza grabs her and physically tries to escort her away.
2) 31) dialog: I have been searching for this all my life! Go! I’1l catch up!
2) 33) dialog: Come on. The light creates eerie shadows of the statue on vaulted ceilings of the chamber. She's painfully slow making sure to get every detail of t ancient relic. The voices from the megaphones are getting louder and more foreboding. The voice in the megaphone seems to be doing a countdown, in the foreign language, it’s hard to tell which number i down to. Scarlett knows how close she’s cutting this, but she won’ lose this piece of history. She continues swiping the gre laser line from the scanner over every side of the bull. She's done! She grabs her headdress and runs like hell.
2) 42) dialog: I got it. I got it. She keeps coughing as Reza shakes his head.
2) 45) dialog: Hello Kickstarter. My name is Scarlett Durang, and I may have just discovered the key to immortal life. INT. SCARLETT’S OFFICE - DAY BENJI DONAGHAN, late 20s, a friendly, slightly heavy red Irishman. The devilish glint in his eyes reminds us of th rascally friend we all like to drink with when we need a laugh.
2) 49) dialog: I’m a professor of archaeology at University College London. I have a PhD in Egyptology. A masters in chemistry and another PhD in linguistics. I am fluent in four spoken languages, and two dead ones. (she smiles) And I'm a blackbelt in Krav Maga.
2) 53) dialog: What is alchemy? She smiles. This is a big question. A montage of imagery: Alchemists, arcane symbols, representations of the Philosopher's Stone and the proces used to create it play over the following.
2) 54) dialog: Alchemy was an early form of science in which the practitioners attempted to create a mythical substance known as the Philosopher's Stone, which could turn base metals to gold, cure disease and provide the key to eternal life.
3) 0) text: Scarlett points to the house behind her.
3) 1) dialog: 600 years ago, the greatest of the alchemists, Nicolas Flamel, lived in this house in Paris. (MORE )
3) 4) dialog: Though we don’t have definitive proof of this, we do know that he was a middle class book dealer who suddenly became one of the wealthiest men in Paris... Present day footage of buildings his money built. SCARLETT (CONT’D) ...-donating orphanages and hospitals all over the city, many of which still stand today.
4) 0) text: Back to Scarlett.
4) 1) dialog: In fact, he was so generous with this money, that 600 years later, this street in Paris is still named after him. The camera pans off her to the sign “Rue Nicolas Flamel” beside her.
5) 0) text: Scarlett now stands near the Fontaine des Innocents - the last remnant of Paris’ original cemetery.
5) 1) dialog: We also know that when grave robbers, hoping to get their hands on the Philosopher’s Stone, tried to dig his body up out of a cemetery that used to surround this spot here, they found his casket empty. As well as his wife’s.
5) 4) dialog: And we know that 400 years later, an archeologist working for King Louis XV met an old man in Turkey who knew things he believed only Nicolas Flamel could have known. He was convinced to his dying day that this man had been Flamel himself. INT. SCARLETT’S OFFICE - DAY Again, Scarlett sits in her office talking to camera, tho she seems uncomfortable with the question asked of her.
5) 5) dialog: I... came from a studious household, I guess. When I was 7, my mother died suddenly and... we took it really hard. My dad dropped everything to search for the key to everlasting life. And I went with him. Everywhere. Benji speaks to camera.
5) 7) dialog: No, he wasn’t crazy. He just believed that some things in this universe aren’t wired together as simply as modern science might suggest.
6) 0) text: Scarlett stands in front of a glass case holding a GRAVES COVERED IN SYMBOLS at the Musee de Cluny.
6) 1) dialog: This was Flamel’s gravestone, which he designed and carved himself. The camera zooms in on it. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Many believe that the clues to the location of the Philosopher’s Stone is encoded in these arcane symbols, but its meaning has remained a mystery until this... She holds up a photograph of the statue she scanned in Ir SCARLETT (CONT’D) The fabled “Rose Key,” a kind of Rosetta Stone deciphering alchemical symbols into Aramaic. INT. SCARLETT’S OFFICE
6) 3) dialog: Let us conquer death together.
6) 6) dialog: Almost there!
6) 8) dialog: Give it a moment. She can’t wait. She hits it.
6) 10) dialog: So close.
6) 12) dialog: You. He hits it. “FUNDED!” Scarlett pops a bottle of champagne, pours them each a gl SCARLETT (CONT’D) Get on camera! He does. They clink glasses.
6) 14) dialog: Like it’s time to get to work. She motions to her statue of the Rose Key. 13.
6) 15) dialog: Now all we need is someone who can read Aramaic. (She smiles wryly) Good thing I know a guy.
7) 0) text: Scarlett sees a small crowd gathered on a street watching GEORGE, late 20s, handsomely enthusiastic in a bookish wa One look and you know he’s the kind of warm-hearted guy y could always depend on in a pinch.
7) 6) dialog: The era of Nicolas Flamel? George knows that voice. He looks like he’s just been hit a 2x4 as he spots Scarlett there listening to him.
7) 9) dialog: You haven’t even heard...
7) 12) dialog: He’s making a film about my search for...
7) 15) dialog: You mean run don’t walk?
7) 17) dialog: It was more like a jail than a prison. George looks at the camera guy and points at her. You get a load of this?!
7) 19) dialog: (sheepish) I couldn’t let the lead go dead.
7) 21) dialog: I found the Rose Key. This stops him in his tracks.
7) 23) dialog: Yeah.
7) 25) dialog: Yes.
7) 27) dialog: I need your help translating the Aramaic.
7) 29) dialog: It doesn’t matter who went.
7) 31) dialog: It doesn’t matter who...
7) 33) dialog: Okay. He smiles, excited despite himself.
7) 35) dialog: Almost done?
7) 38) dialog: What does it say?!
7) 40) dialog: Seriously.
7) 42) dialog: Just tell me what...
7) 45) dialog: Parrot?!
7) 47) dialog: Pair’ed? You mean paired?
7) 49) dialog: And it has to rhyme?
7) 51) dialog: This tablet? You’re sure it said this tablet?!
7) 53) dialog: This tablet. The headstone is a marker.
7) 55) dialog: Yeah. “Underneath the heaven's reign, what is lost shall be regained...”
7) 57) dialog: That’s got to be the Philosopher's Stone.
7) 59) dialog: “Underneath heaven’s reign...” could be under the night sky...
7) 61) dialog: Yeah.
7) 63) dialog: Hell. “Darkest gate.” The gates of hell.
7) 65) dialog: Wait, wait, wait! Scarlett rushes to a SMALL NOTEBOOK FULL OF ALCHEMICAL SYMBOLS AND TEXT. It looks like something written by a madman.
7) 67) dialog: My dad’s notebook. He left it to me. There was something... She rifles through it, finds a page. She slams the book d on the table. George looks at it as the camera looks on. It’s a replica an arcane drawing of the heavenly bodies above the earth, ground, and hell within. But the thing that makes this interesting... the distances are noted.
7) 69) dialog: According to the alchemists, the number of the Devil was 741. Makes sense they would believe hell to be 741 feet beneath the surface of the earth.
7) 71) dialog: 370.5 feet directly beneath his tombstone is where we’ll find the Philosopher’s Stone.
7) 73) dialog: How are we going to get 370 feet into the earth?
7) 75) dialog: The catacombs!
7) 79) dialog: Where the Flamel and his wife were supposedly buried.
7) 83) dialog: So we might be able to just walk right on down there?
7) 85) dialog: You will. 21.
8) 0) text: Scarlett, George and Benji stand on a street corner near where the Flamels were allegedly buried. Scarlett refers her father’s notebook.
8) 1) dialog: According to Sir Isaac Newton, who was a legendary alchemist, Flamel’s grave was twenty seven paces due north from the fountain.
8) 3) dialog: Right...
8) 5) dialog: 370.5 feet below that point.
9) 0) text: Scarlett marks a large map of Paris with a red x.
9) 1) dialog: This is where Flamel’s grave was. George lifts a map of the catacombs printed on transparen and pins it over the map of Paris. FLAMEL’S GRAVE FALLS IN AN AREA WITHOUT TUNNELS UNDER IT.
9) 3) dialog: Shit. 22.
9) 6) dialog: So what do we do?
9) 8) dialog: Maybe we could burrow in through this tunnel.
9) 14) dialog: Why would the street collapse if it’s nothing but solid ground underneath it?!
9) 16) dialog: There must be a hidden chamber!
9) 18) dialog: We have to get down there.
10) 0) text: George and Scarlett approach the entrance to the official tourist area of the catacombs where other tourists wait i line. Scarlett buys tickets.
10) 1) dialog: Three tickets please.
10) 3) dialog: Three. Scarlett buys three tickets despite George’s reservations 24.
10) 5) dialog: Don’t tell me you’re scared of a little cave?
10) 7) dialog: What kind of thing?
10) 9) dialog: You're an archaeologist!
10) 11) dialog: That's kind of sad. It’s like being a deaf composer or something.
11) 0) text: Benji films Scarlett following the official tour of THE CATACOMBS. Bones and plaques neatly arranged in a morbid antiseptic display. A French tour guide tours the group of Americans and Brit
11) 3) dialog: These remains are from the same cemetery as the Flamels’ graves. Scarlett references her map.
11) 4) dialog: So, we're looking to go about half a mile right through this wall. As the tour guide continues, Scarlett cases the structure like an inmate looking for weak links in a prison. Scarlett finds a small gap between the walls. She looks around. The tour is making a little distance.
11) 5) dialog: I can squeeze through this. Wait for me. She climbs through the gap in the walls and disappears in the darkness.
11) 7) dialog: (loud whisper) Shine the light in here. Benji shines a light into the crevasse. Nothing.
11) 12) dialog: 
11) 16) dialog: Sorry.
11) 18) dialog: (quietly) Do you know any way to get into the private areas of the catacombs? The Ticket Taker looks around sheepishly.
11) 20) dialog: Thanks anyway. She notes his Die Antwoord t-shirt.
11) 21) dialog: I saw them in Berlin last April. One of the best nights of my life. 27.
12) 1) dialog: You missed a nice tour.
12) 3) dialog: I didn’t see anything that could have... The Ticket Taker hustles to Scarlett. He hands her a club flyer for Club Silencio.
12) 5) dialog: Thanks. She nods to him. He nods back and leaves. She holds it up for George to see.
12) 6) dialog: Let’s go find Papillon.
13) 0) text: Scarlett, George and Benji get out of a cab.
13) 2) dialog: That's what it says. Nothing from the street would indicate this was a club. J an average-sized MAN sipping a vodka in front of a nondescript door. Scarlett leads George to the door. The Man stops them. Po to a list.
13) 3) dialog: We’re not on the list. He shrugs his shoulders. Not happening. 28. SCARLETT (CONT’D) We're looking for Papillon.
14) 0) text: Scarlett, George and Benji enter a bizarre Parisian night that resembles a beautifully designed bunker. The Man points to the back of the room.
14) 2) dialog: Merci. She leads George and Benji through dancers and lounge-liz to some tables in the back. She finds PAPILLON, sipping a red drink, talking excitedl with friends. Had he been born half a century ago, Papillon surely woul have been a leader of the French Resistance, but in these times must amuse himself with less constructive forms of rebellion. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Papillon?
14) 4) dialog: I need to get into the catacombs. I’m told you could take me. He laughs.
14) 6) dialog: Do I look like a tourist? He smiles. Takes a sip of his drink. 29.
14) 8) dialog: Because we've found a secret passage that nobody knows about. Papillon looks at the markings. Shakes his head.
14) 10) dialog: No you wouldn’t have. It was designed to not be seen.
14) 12) dialog: Because, I believe, it’s full of treasure. Papillon laughs. Looks to George.
14) 14) dialog: You can have it all. That’s not what we're looking for.
14) 17) dialog: You don’t know the half of it. 30. INT. PAPILLON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Papillon throws a couple pairs of rubber waders and helme to George and Scarlett.
14) 20) dialog: He’s coming. George, I need your help.
14) 22) dialog: But who knows what we’1ll come across down there. I can’t decipher it all without you. Come on, we were a good team, remember?
15) 2) dialog: La Taupe?
15) 9) dialog: But that’s the wrong direction. 32.
15) 11) dialog: Do we really need this guy? We have Maps and...
16) 0) text: Scarlett and George follow Souxie, Papillon, and Zed into dark wooded area in a park in Paris. 33. Papillon stops them about 50 feet shy of a dirt mound wit hole in it, surrounded by concrete and graffiti. The hole looks more like something a raccoon would live in. He and Zed scan the area for police.
17) 5) dialog: Here. He looks at it.
17) 7) dialog: Your bag.
19) 0) text: George and Scarlett continue their discussion.
19) 1) dialog: I need you on this.
19) 5) dialog: He’s coming.
19) 10) dialog: Sorry George. 35. She jumps through the hole and disappears. George stands there, looking at his bag. At the hole. At oncoming policeman.
20) 2) dialog: This is beautiful. George looks a bit shell shocked to be down here. Scarlet greets him.
20) 3) dialog: I knew you’d come with us.
21) 6) dialog: C'est trés beau. The Artist appreciates this very much.
22) 0) text: Papillon leads them through a corridor as Scarlett looks her map.
22) 2) dialog: Wait! We’re going in the wrong direction. We need to be going that way.
22) 4) dialog: Is it possible that he’s not down here?
22) 6) dialog: No he didn’t. I speak French. That’s not what he said.
22) 8) dialog: So do I.
22) 10) dialog: I’m going. Who’s with me.
22) 12) dialog: Why are we wasting our time with...
22) 14) dialog: He doesn’t even know that the guy is down here. Or where he is. slow way is very much against Scarlett’s nature.
22) 18) dialog: Okay. George turns to Papillon.
25) 0) text: AN underground rave, lit in flashing reds and pulsing tec music. People shuffle and dance like the possessed. At a glance, it looks like people might be having sex in dark corners. Others are scantily clad, in underwear or l People wearing masks and horns and animal headdresses. Th kind of underground party we all know probably happens somewhere, but would never get invited to ourselves. 41. Papillon pushes his way through the crowd, trying to ask people - through the noise - if they’ve seen La Taupe. A SKINHEAD grabs Scarlett, pulls her into the crowd, star grinding on her. He’s wearing nothing but combat boots an his underwear, revealing a swastika on his chest. Scarlett pushes away, but he’s aggressive. George jumps forward, hitting the Skinhead across the fac slamming him back through the crowd and onto his back. Other Ravers jump to the Skinhead’s aid, striking George the mouth. Scarlett tries to intervene on George’s behalf but no words can be heard over the pulsing music. People, very tough, very scary people corner George. One takes a swing, but George blocks it. George gets ready fo real fight. He’s amped up. Scarlett inserts herself between George and the crowd. Papillon pushes his way through, and holds the ravers off George. Scarlett and George push their way through the crowd and out of the room.
26) 2) dialog: I didn’t thank you.
26) 4) dialog: I could've handled it myself.
26) 8) dialog: I’m not some damsel in distress. I don’t need your help. George looks around. At himself. In the catacombs.
26) 10) dialog: (playful) Don’t kid yourself. You wouldn’t want to go toe-to-toe with me. I’m pretty tough.
26) 12) dialog: Try to move me across this line. I’1l show you. Papillon laughs and claps.
26) 14) dialog: Because you’re scared of her?
26) 19) dialog: I might know a little more than a self-defense-class-karate-move. Papillon laughs, raises her hand up in victory.
27) 15) dialog: Great.
27) 33) dialog: How will you find your way back out?
27) 39) dialog: Why don’t you just try to relax. 47.
28) 0) text: Glow sticks light the space to save flashlights. La Taupe, now wearing a kind of industrial mole mask that he’1l continue to wear, spins little flaming balls on str to music. It’s kind of beautiful. Souxie takes something out of a small kit. She crosses ou the room into the darkness of a tunnel by herself. Papillon drinks beer and talks with Scarlett and La Taupe Zed practices throwing rocks into a bucket.
28) 2) dialog: I’m not really. 48.
28) 5) dialog: Science was different back then. Alchemists were looking for a connection between what was inside them and what they were observing in the outside world. They were trying to perfect themselves, make themselves pure as gold while working in metals. They respected inner truth more than outside facts. She turns back to Papillon. SCARLETT (CONT’D) I guess I’m not searching for treasure so much as I’m searching for proof of the miraculous. Because if even one alchemist succeeded, if one perfected himself and his own mind and talents and knowledge to the point that he could bend the laws of physics... then we all could. Every one of us. Papillon shrugs. Maybe.
28) 7) dialog: You okay? George shrugs a bit.
28) 9) dialog: So I gathered. She offers George a beer. He takes it. SCARLETT (CONT’D) When’s the last time we had a beer together?
28) 11) dialog: You never returned my calls. After Turkey.
28) 13) dialog: I’m sorry I left you there.
28) 15) dialog: I’m glad you're here.
28) 17) dialog: I know. George looks around the space.
28) 21) dialog: That’s awful. I’m sorry.
28) 24) dialog: What’s that?
28) 26) dialog: It wasn’t? He looks at her seriously.
28) 28) dialog: And I never thought I’d fall for the kind of guy who runs the second things get complicated. She turns and goes back to the fire with the others.
29) 4) dialog: (to Papillon) This “Mole” guy always so annoying? Papillon shakes his head.
31) 10) dialog: Can you take off your pack?
31) 12) dialog: You're making it worse! Stop struggling. Take a breathe.
31) 14) dialog: Benji stop! Stop! You need to back up a bit. You’re lodged and...
31) 16) dialog: Move back. Just inch back. 54.
31) 18) dialog: Benji! The only way forward is backward! INCH BACK! INCH BACK!
31) 21) dialog: Move your right shoulder down and inch back. Benji moves. SCARLETT (CONT’D) No, no, no, I’m sorry. Your left shoulder.
31) 23) dialog: Keep breathing. Just take a deep breath with me.
31) 25) dialog: Take a deep breath! Scarlett takes a deep breath and exhales. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Your body expands when your blood pressure rises. You need to calm yourself. Come on. She does it again. He joins her this time.
31) 27) dialog: You're going to be okay. Move your right shoulder down an inch.
31) 29) dialog: That's right. Now see if you can adjust the bones underneath you. Flatten them out, line them up.
31) 32) dialog: Just do it.
31) 35) dialog: It’s okay. It’s okay, Benji. You’re going to be fine. Just follow me. Benji pulls against the cave. It rumbles slightly.
31) 37) dialog: Just push! Push through it! He does. And finally breaks free.
32) 2) dialog: We didn’t even have to go through there?! Why are you making this harder than it has to be?!
32) 4) dialog: I don’t care who you think you are, but the next time you take a chance with my people, I’1l hurt you. Seriously. La Taupe’s mouth, showing under his mole mask, smiles.
32) 9) dialog: We're still not deep enough. We’re only two hundred feet below ground. We need to go down another hundred. The ceiling dusts them again. 57.
32) 11) dialog: (to La Taupe) We need to go deeper. He reluctantly nods.
33) 2) dialog: Papillon, could you take George and anyone else back who wants to go? I’m going deeper.
33) 5) dialog: When I find it.
33) 7) dialog: There is. And it’s down there. She nods to La Taupe.
35) 7) dialog: The mate was a mighty sailing man, The skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day For a three hour tour... Benji jumps in too.
35) 12) dialog: Should be another ten feet that way. 60.
35) 14) dialog: There must be another way to get there. La Taupe consults his own personal map of the system of caves. He shakes his head.
35) 17) dialog: I don’t know.
35) 19) dialog: There’s nothing.
35) 21) dialog: I really thought we had it right.
35) 26) dialog: Yeah... Scarlett looks down at the compass on her wrist. A flash insight! SCARLETT (CONT’D) Wait! Wait! Direction! Magnetic north!
35) 28) dialog: Magnetic north! True north remains fixed, but magnetic north shifts about 2.5 degrees per hundred years.
35) 30) dialog: Variation of about 15 degrees. Not here. There! A second small tunnel leading off the one they’re in. The race into it.
36) 0) text: Scarlett throws her pack down and scans the walls with he fingers. She digs into the stone. Sees something.
36) 2) dialog: I know! She digs and digs. 62.
36) 4) dialog: Look!
36) 7) dialog: Winged vulture! She looks to George.
36) 8) dialog: What was it?! “Winged vulture leads your way.”
36) 10) dialog: “Winged vulture leads your way...” She follows the angle of the vulture’s beak across the wa until it hits a second wall. She digs around at the joint of the two walls. Sure enoug there’s a crease! SCARLETT (CONT’D) There’s something here! George is there in a flash. SCARLETT (CONT’D) I think it’s a Ptolemaic hinge! It looks like a scarab embedded in the stone. She kneels and finds another one.
36) 13) dialog: It’s how they sealed pharaohs' tombs in ancient Egypt. The hinges formed a kind of riddle almost like an ancient padlock. There are a series of moves you must get precisely correct.
36) 15) dialog: Or it’1ll fall on you and crush you. Or the ceiling would collapse, or something else awful that would probably kill you.
36) 18) dialog: You have a better idea?
36) 20) dialog: Okay, you do that, but I’m going to take a shot. He hesitates for a moment.
36) 22) dialog: What was the... on the tomb... 64.
36) 24) dialog: Heaven's reign. The celestial spheres! 8 planets. Except Uranus wasn’t discovered yet. 7 planets. She gets ready to pull the door.
36) 26) dialog: Good point. Before.
36) 28) dialog: Which means, the Earth was not counted as a planet.
36) 30) dialog: So eight?
36) 33) dialog: Now we twist.
36) 35) dialog: .-. “atop this pair'ed fate.” 65.
36) 37) dialog: Twins! Of course, Gemini! According to the Egyptian calendar, Gemini would fall at three o’clock on a dial. Ready? George nods nervously. Papillon backs up. She twists the stone and it spirals outward as it moves. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Okay... okay... Gemini. She stops. The ceiling rumbles a bit again. Sand pours fr beside the stone as the rumbling intensifies.
36) 39) dialog: Back up! La Taupe runs for the door.
36) 41) dialog: I don’t know. The stone drops out of place and lands on the floor with thud, revealing:
36) 42) text: PERSON TO SQUEEZE THROUGH. La Taupe quickly crowds in to look. Scarlett shines a light into it, but it doesn’t reveal mu beyond a single rat scurrying out of sight.
36) 45) dialog: This is probably the first time someone has shined a light in that space in over 500 years.
36) 48) dialog: Give me a boost. Papillon places his knee so she can use it to climb throu Scarlett climbs into the hole. She barely squeezes through, but keeps going and going an going. Her breathing gets labored as she pulls her way through. From the door side of the hole, we see her clear the othe end. She turns back to face the others.
36) 49) dialog: George. You gotta see this. George thinks it over.
36) 51) dialog: George. Seriously. Come here. George really doesn’t want to do this.
37) 2) dialog: He’s dead.
37) 4) dialog: I don’t know. The headstone is marked “C.R. Of R.C.”
37) 6) dialog: Christian Rosenkreuz of the Rosy Cross.
37) 8) dialog: ..-alchemy which reignited its interest for the next 200 years. George notes another inscription.
37) 10) dialog: The motto of alchemy. It stands for: “Visita Interiora Terrae Rectificando Invenies Occultum Lapidem.”
37) 15) dialog: There’s more. “Visit the interior parts of the earth.” He’s saying to go deeper.
37) 17) dialog: What was the... “Winged vulture leads your way. In brightest light in darkest day.” Scarlett sees something in the water. Looks closer. She turns off her flashlight.
37) 18) dialog: Turn off your flashlights. Everyone!
37) 20) dialog: Just do it. They all do so, Benji having the hardest time submitting darkness. But as Benji clicks off the onboard light, submerging the group in total darkness, we see what Scarlett saw: traces light deep in the water. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Where’s that light coming from if that’s a wall? Papillon flips his flashlight on, pokes at the wall. Scar drops herself down into the water. 69. The camera travels with Scarlett under the water as her h pokes at the stone deep in the water. She rises back up, now soaking wet. SCARLETT (CONT’D) There’s a loose stone. Someone help me. Papillon jumps in with her. The two drop into the water. Again the camera drops in with them as they pull against large stone. They dislodge it and pull it away from the w revealing more light. Scarlett just comes up long enough to take a breath, and her backpack off. She then dives back down into the murky brown water, push herself through the opening and swims into a brighter lig She clears the wall and pulls herself up on the other sid
38) 1) dialog: Ooh! There are lit torches on the walls. Gold all around them. The floors, walls and ceiling are lined in alchemical sym and ancient Egyptian symbology. Eerie and magical at the time. Scarlett laughs, still not believing her eyes. SCARLETT (CONT’D) I found it, Dad. You were right. George comes up out of the water. He sees what she does.
38) 3) dialog: Yeah. She can’t help but get choked up.
38) 5) dialog: It’s real. George takes a seat.
38) 10) dialog: The Philosopher’s Stone can fuel a lamp for eternity.
38) 12) dialog: “The brightest light in darkest day.”
38) 14) dialog: In ancient Egypt, the earth god and the sky goddess... She points to the ceiling, where a goddess, lined with st hangs. 71. SCARLETT (CONT’D) «+. were madly in love. But when they had they first child, the sun, he became so jealous of their affections that he pushed them apart from each other, leaving them only able to touch by the palms of their hands and the soles of their feet. She points now to a winged stone painted between the two gods.
38) 15) dialog: Every morning the sky gives birth to the sun and every evening she swallows him back up. She takes out a knife and makes her way to the winged sto With all the opulence surrounding them, this one chalky purple stone would hardly be worth noting.
38) 17) dialog: What better place to hide the most valuable stone ever known, than beside riches you could never miss. Papillon and La Taupe furiously bag piles of coins and ot treasures. Scarlett uses her knife to edge the stone out of its plac and carefully places it in a cloth satchel she brought specifically for this.
38) 18) dialog: You wouldn’t believe the trouble I went through to find you. She tucks the stone into a waterproof pocket. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Okay, let’s get out of here. They turn around. La Taupe and Papillon pull furiously at mound of coins wedged so tightly between floor and ceilin it takes two of them to pull the coins free. 72. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Wait! Is that... She looks at the ceiling. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Load bearing?!! As the coins break free, THE CEILING CRACKS. Chunks drop around them.
38) 21) dialog: Is everyone okay?
38) 25) dialog: Papillon? Souxie? Nothing.
38) 30) dialog: Papillon, if you’re goofing around... Nothing. Scarlett sifts back into the rubble. No sign of Papillon. Zed drops under the water and looks. Nothing.
38) 33) dialog: Stop! We shouldn’t disrupt the space any more than we already have.
38) 40) dialog: Spare batteries? Nope.
38) 45) dialog: He’s right. This chamber was created by master builders. If they wanted to trap the unworthy, we’re trapped.
38) 49) dialog: Those lamps are Freemason by design.
38) 51) dialog: Freemasons never built something like this without a back door, just in case it collapsed on them. She keeps inspecting their surroundings. She takes a rock taps on the walls, listening for something that sounds hollow. Nothing. The floor and the ceiling seem to be painted and inscribe the same exact way, almost as if there were a mirror runn the length of the floor. SCARLETT (CONT’D) “As above, so below.” That phrase is the key to all magic. She continues to search for something that doesn’t fit wh continuing her thought.
38) 52) dialog: It means, basically, what is within me is outside of me. What is on earth is in heaven. As I am, so are my cells, so are my atoms. Basically, what I believe the world to be, so it is. She sees something. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Look. She points to a rectangle inscribed on the ceiling that’s covered in alchemical symbols.
38) 56) dialog: No! Look. That symbol of the door on the ceiling is the only thing not replicated on the floor. 76. Scarlett shines the light from the rectangle on the ceili down to the floor directly beneath it.
38) 58) dialog: “Bs above, so below.”
38) 60) dialog: If they painted a door on the ceiling...
38) 67) dialog: Whatever it is, it’s a possible way out.
38) 69) dialog: There’s a passage down here!
39) 0) text: Scarlett places her feet on the ground and looks up to fi A very small opening with a large stone arch over it. It looks ancient. Very, very ancient. The others file in behind her. Something about this space makes them all feel uneasy. Scarlett notes the ancient inscriptions on the arch.
39) 1) dialog: Can you read that? What does it say? George dusts it off to get a better look. Reads it quietl himself, thinking through the meaning.
39) 3) dialog: Oh.
39) 5) dialog: According to mythology, that’s the inscription over the gates of hell.
39) 7) dialog: (to La Taupe) I thought you didn’t believe in any of this.
39) 9) dialog: “And they shall be made to crawl on their bellies into the kingdom of darkness.”
40) 0) text: Scarlett stands up in the next room to find: IT’S EXACTLY THE SAME AS THE ALCHEMIST CHAMBER THAT COLLA ON THEM. Same artwork on the ceiling. Same gold. Same mis Philosopher’s Stone. Though this room is still intact. 79. It sounds a bit different this side of the threshold. Lik faint throbbing drone in the background. George stands up behind Scarlett, looks around.
40) 2) dialog: Yeah.
40) 4) dialog: Not exactly. They’re facing the other direction. She's right. This room looks like THE MIRROR IMAGE of the earlier Alchemist Chamber that collapsed on them. La Taupe turns back, considering his options. He drops to knees, and digs around furiously looking for something. T follow his eyes to find what’s freaking him out - THE SMA
40) 7) dialog: No. Scarlett sees the fear rising in her group.
40) 8) dialog: We should keep moving. She takes a deep breath and lunges underwater, pushing he way under the rock to the other side. 80.
41) 0) text: Scarlett comes up on the other side. A mirror image of th rose chamber. The same tomb. THIS TIME WITH A ROTTEN CORP ATOP IT. Scarlett looks around nervously. The others join her, one at a time. George looks past Scarlett.
41) 5) dialog: We have to pass him. She's right. The hole that leads beyond is just behind th figure. 81. They inch forward.
41) 12) dialog: Careful, Souxie. Souxie gets closer.
41) 23) dialog: We need to get her out of here! We need to get her help!
41) 25) dialog: Grab her legs!
41) 27) dialog: Give me the rope. 83. Zed grabs the rope and hands it to Scarlett. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Tie her feet and lift her into the hole once I get through. Scarlett squeezes through, nothing but her feet visible t the others.
42) 0) text: It’s tight in the tunnel with Scarlett. Her breathing lab and nervous. As she nears the end, she hears something in the next roo She stops. Listens. What is it? Someone’s voice? She’s scared, but this isn’t the place to stop. She climbs forw She approaches the end of the hole very slowly, worried a what she might find in the next room. She suddenly pushes her way out.
43) 1) dialog: Okay. Send Souxie.
43) 4) dialog: I don’t know. George tastes the liquid off his fingers.
43) 6) dialog: (very serious) Let's just keep going.
46) 0) text: Scarlett and George get to the bottom. Look left to find bone chamber. Scarlett steps back into the chimney and helps spot the lowering of Souxie. Only Benji remains above.
46) 2) dialog: Do you hear that?
46) 6) dialog: (shaken) I don’t think so. Scarlett steps into the chimney. Calls to Benji. SCARLETT (CONT’D) You okay up there Benji?
47) 0) text: Benji kneels, alone up top, tense, lowering Souxie down. camera sits on the ground beside him, cropping him strang Is something moving in the shadows behind him? He hears a faint cry. A baby? He uses the camera’s onboard light to look around. Nothin He lowers Souxie down a little further. Scarlett calls up him.
47) 1) dialog: You okay? He hears something. Is someone lurking in the shadows?
47) 3) dialog: Benji? You okay? He hears else. Looks. Nothing. He calls down to Scarlett.
48) 1) dialog: Oh! Benji, you just...
48) 4) dialog: I don’t know. Scarlett bends down and strokes Benji’s hair tenderly. SCARLETT (CONT’D) I’m so sorry, Benji.
49) 6) dialog: You okay?
49) 8) dialog: It’s not him. I think this place knows our pain and is using it against us. In the distance, SOMEONE SCREAMS MERCILESSLY - and not th kind of scream you hear in movies, the kind you hear in a at 4 in the morning. They all move very close together, getting more and more unnerved.
51) 12) dialog: Music. Sure enough. They hear music in the next room. Similar to electronic music the ravers played earlier.
53) 0) text: The cinema’s screen now shows a “remixed” version of the silent film “Haxan - Witchcraft Through the Ages.” It’s bizarre, upsetting, creepy. Scarlett tries desperately to stop George’s bleeding neck
53) 1) dialog: No! No! Nothing is working. SCARLETT (CONT’D) (to Zed) Come here! Put your hand here! Keep pressure! She rips into her bag. Pulls out the Philosopher’s Stone. She crumbles some of it off, rubs it into his wound. Watches. Nothing. SCARLETT (CONT’D) It doesn't work?! George mutters something. She She She She Zed She She gl. SCARLETT (CONT’D) What? What was that?
53) 3) dialog: 
53) 5) dialog: “Visit the Interior Parts of the Earth; by Rectification Thou Shalt Find the Hidden Stone." looks at George.
53) 6) dialog: This isn’t the right stone. I have to rectify the taking of it. Only through putting it back will I find the real hidden stone. stands, looks around the dark, creepy chamber. SCARLETT (CONT’D) Oh fuck. contemplates it. SCARLETT (CONT’D) I’m going back. thinks he’s surely not understanding this right.
53) 8) dialog: We’re more than half a mile underground. By the time you and I lift him out of here, he’1l be dead. looks over her gear, preparing herself. SCARLETT (CONT’D) And I’m not going to let that happen. runs back toward the rave room. 92. Note: The following sequence of Scarlett on her own will filmed only by the GoPro camera on her head. We will see arms and legs, hear her vocal and breathing reactions, bu won’t see her face. Instead, we'll experience the followi as she does.
54) 0) text: Scarlett rushes into the room. The same music, the same lights. But this time there’s only one person there, danc alone amongst all the devoured flesh. Wearing a bull mask The bull mask moves, but doesn’t seem to be looking direc at her. She races to the next room.
55) 0) text: Scarlett races through Mushroom Alley, nothing left but a small smouldering hole where La Taupe was swallowed up.
56) 0) text: A FIGURE at the other end of the corridor stops Scarlett her tracks. Doesn’t look like Papillon. Older, heavier. A VOICE behind her.
56) 2) dialog: Dad?! And bumps into something behind her. She spins to find:
56) 4) dialog: What do you... She backs away from the sight, again bumping into somethi behind her. Her father is there too. SCARLETT’S FATHER You look just like my daughter.
56) 5) dialog: It is me dad. SCARLETT’S FATHER No! You’re not her! She would never come here! Scarlett bumps something else, turns, her father is there too. SCARLETT’S FATHER (CONT’D) She would know. If she ever came here, there would be no way out. She’d be trapped here. Forever! She runs from the room, choking back sobs.
57) 0) text: As she crosses the threshold into the next room, she bump into her father here too. SCARLETT’S FATHER Forever! Forever! Forever! Forever! His voice takes on a shrill screeching quality. Like a ba dream in which a loved one suddenly seems possessed. She keeps moving, but this place is really taking a toll her. Scarlett shuttles over the bones in the bone tunnel. Again, she sees her Father, in this room too. The multipl voices of her Father doubling, tripling, into a cacophony agony. SCARLETT’S FATHER (CONT’D) Ever! Ever! Ever! She clears the bones, and rushes into the next alcove nea the chimney chute, SOBBING AS SHE GOES. This is the lonel moment of her life. 94.
58) 1) dialog: You can do this. Don’t think. Just keep going.
59) 0) text: Scarlett gets to the top of the chimney chute, but gettin out of the circular hole isn’t easy. She has to carefully position herself as she inches herself to solid ground be the hole.
61) 0) text: Scarlett fights against the arms pulling her every which She plants a foot on a stone ledge and pushes with all he might.
62) 0) text: Scarlett breaks through, now covered head to toe in blood She rips her way free of the grabbing arms. 95. She catches her breath, overwhelmed, freaked out.
63) 0) text: Scarlett rushes through the small tight tunnel leading to Rose Chamber.
64) 0) text: Scarlett lands in the Rose Tunnel, looks around, all safe She hurries through.
64) 1) dialog: Ow! She looks down at her feet, illuminating:
65) 0) text: Scarlett enters the Alchemist Chamber. What once looked s opulent and breathtaking in its beauty, now looks evil, depressing, lonely.
65) 1) dialog: “By Rectification Thou Shalt Find the Hidden Stone." She pulls the rock out as she scours the Egyptian images, looking for the eye of Ra she originally took the stone f She finds the eye. Lifts the stone. Too high. She slides rock into place and stands on it. She lifts the stone tow the eye of Ra. It clicks right into place. A perfect fit.
65) 2) dialog: Okay, I’ve rectified. Now, where's... 96. The stone in its place, she drops her eyes, to find a mir right in front of her face. SCARLETT (CONT’D) -.. the hidden stone. Thoughts play across her face. She understands something hadn’t before.
67) 0) text: Scarlett races through the rose chamber where the rotting corpse’s body has been restored to it’s un-decayed state.
69) 0) text: Scarlett plants her feet and descends the Chimney Chute a fast as she can. She is focused, driven. She hits the ground at the bottom and runs for the bone chamber.
71) 0) text: Scarlett grabs George’s other arm and helps Zed create a little distance from the Figures.
72) 0) text: Scarlett races to George’s side. He’s unconscious. In bad shape.
72) 2) dialog: Yes. Scarlett stops in the middle of the corridor. Zed drops t camera to the ground beside them, flips the light on so Scarlett can see. The scene is framed irregularly, Scarle and George’s heads cropped strangely. SHE PLACES HER HANDS OVER GEORGE’S WOUNDS. KISSES HIM DEE He comes to, coughs up blood. She moves her hands away fr his wound to find his wounds gone.
72) 4) dialog: I am the stone. As are you. As we all are. As above, so below. The Figures are getting closer and closer.
73) 2) dialog: No! Zed looks to the hole. He takes a rock and drops it into hole. It goes and goes and goes, seemingly never hitting ground. 99.
73) 4) dialog: No! No! We’re so close!
73) 6) dialog: No. I was looking for an exit.
73) 8) dialog: You do? Zed digs through his pockets. Counts them.
73) 10) dialog: Light one. Zed lights one. It flashes and goes out revealing the FIG NOW IN THE ROOM, APPROACHING. SCARLETT (CONT’D) I couldn't see it! Light another one!
73) 12) dialog: I found something. I didn’t have a chance to really see it though. Light the next one! Hurry!
73) 14) dialog: I know! Go! He lights the match. This time she gets a quick look at t painting. The painting shows the Ancient Egyptian demon, AMMUT - pa lion, hippopotamus and crocodile - the “soul eater.” Behi him looks like one part of a scale, with a feather on it. painted beam from that scale rises up to the ceiling, and across above them, and seems to end right over the hole. The match goes out. SCARLETT (CONT’D) (very quickly) The “soul eater.” In Egyptian mythology, after you died, you went to the underworld where your heart was weighed against a feather. If your heart weighted more than a feather, the soul eater, would eat your heart and you were condemned to nothingness. The camera flickers for a moment. She uses the light to m her way to the hole. SCARLETT (CONT’D) We need to make our souls lighter than a feather. And then we jump.
73) 16) dialog: What is the thing that weighs your soul down? The thing you’ve never told anyone?! She goes first. SCARLETT (CONT’D) The night my dad killed himself. He called me and I didn’t answer. The pain of this taps a real nerve in her. 101.
73) 17) dialog: I wasn’t doing anything important. I just didn’t feel like talking to him. When I think of what he must have been feeling... George takes her hand.
73) 20) dialog: On three.
73) 22) dialog: You don’t have to believe in it, George. But if you take the jump, it’1l work. He nods. The three of them join hands. SCARLETT (CONT’D) One... two... THREE! They step into the abyss together and fall.
76) 0) text: Paris. Scarlett and George and Zed step out onto the Parisian ci street, surrounded by cafes and revelers, partying and celebrating life.
76) 1) dialog: It worked. The three of them embrace.