14) 29) dialog: Ah, what a mess Papillon!
15) 4) dialog: He lives down there.
15) 6) dialog: Oui.
15) 13) dialog: It is dangerous underground. If you run out of batteries, and no flashlight, you will die. If you run out of water... If you get hurt.
15) 15) dialog: Many things can go wrong down there. We need to plan for them all. There is no room for mistakes. Papillon checks food and water.
16) 0) text: Scarlett and George follow Souxie, Papillon, and Zed into dark wooded area in a park in Paris. 33. Papillon stops them about 50 feet shy of a dirt mound wit hole in it, surrounded by concrete and graffiti. The hole looks more like something a raccoon would live in. He and Zed scan the area for police.
20) 8) dialog: The catacombs make the police nervous. They don’t like to go very deep in here.
28) 0) text: Glow sticks light the space to save flashlights. La Taupe, now wearing a kind of industrial mole mask that he’1l continue to wear, spins little flaming balls on str to music. It’s kind of beautiful. Souxie takes something out of a small kit. She crosses ou the room into the darkness of a tunnel by herself. Papillon drinks beer and talks with Scarlett and La Taupe Zed practices throwing rocks into a bucket.
32) 6) dialog: We shouldn’t stay very long.
38) 29) dialog: Papillon! George pulls her out of the rubble. She’s banged up and bruised, has a nasty cut on her arm, but she’s okay.
38) 34) dialog: Is Papillon... dead?
38) 36) dialog: Ay! Souxie’s arm is hurting her.
41) 9) dialog: Papillon?! Nothing. No reaction. Souxie moves to the front of the pack. Old friends with Papillon.
41) 10) dialog: Papillon. Et-tu bien? No reaction.
41) 13) dialog: Et-tu bien, Papillon? As they get closer, they can hear pieces of what he’s muttering. He doesn’t seem to see any of them.
41) 14) dialog: Papillon. She inches closer and closer. She reaches out to touch hi shoulder.
41) 15) dialog: Pap... 82.
46) 0) text: Scarlett and George get to the bottom. Look left to find bone chamber. Scarlett steps back into the chimney and helps spot the lowering of Souxie. Only Benji remains above.
47) 0) text: Benji kneels, alone up top, tense, lowering Souxie down. camera sits on the ground beside him, cropping him strang Is something moving in the shadows behind him? He hears a faint cry. A baby? He uses the camera’s onboard light to look around. Nothin He lowers Souxie down a little further. Scarlett calls up him.
48) 0) text: Souxie drops the last ten feet, landing with a thud.