15) 14) dialog: There are also dangers of cave ins, police, rats, bats, claustrophobia, drowning, bugs.
16) 0) text: Scarlett and George follow Souxie, Papillon, and Zed into dark wooded area in a park in Paris. 33. Papillon stops them about 50 feet shy of a dirt mound wit hole in it, surrounded by concrete and graffiti. The hole looks more like something a raccoon would live in. He and Zed scan the area for police.
18) 0) text: Zed climbs swiftly through a jagged shaft of rock to the floor of the catacombs.
18) 1) dialog: Clear!
20) 0) text: Benji makes his way down though the jagged rocks as Zed points out the safe places to steps. George appears, with ruck sack.
28) 0) text: Glow sticks light the space to save flashlights. La Taupe, now wearing a kind of industrial mole mask that he’1l continue to wear, spins little flaming balls on str to music. It’s kind of beautiful. Souxie takes something out of a small kit. She crosses ou the room into the darkness of a tunnel by herself. Papillon drinks beer and talks with Scarlett and La Taupe Zed practices throwing rocks into a bucket.
38) 23) dialog: Oui.
45) 3) dialog: Another 100 meters.
45) 5) dialog: Deeper than the Eiffel Tower is high.
48) 5) dialog: We should keep moving. George snaps to. 87.
51) 13) dialog: They might know a way out. Scarlett leads George and Zed (who still carry Souxie) in the music to find:
53) 7) dialog: We must keep moving forward.
66) 0) text: George and Zed in the cinema. A GROUP OF 5 FIGURES ENTER FROM THE FAR END OF THE ROOM. quickly flips the camera’s onboard light off, dropping th room into near darkness, except for the projected images the silent movie. THE FIGURES MOVE AS IF IN SLOW MOTION, IRREGULAR, SILENT.
66) 3) dialog: (quiet) Shhh. George desperately tries to keep quiet despite his neck wound.
68) 0) text: George and Zed hide. The Figures seem not to have noticed them. The camera lies right behind Zed and George just catching piece of the passing Figures, which makes the anticipatio almost unbearable. The Figures stop as they get close. One of them slowly tu his head, LOOKS RIGHT AT ZED AND GEORGE. 97.
70) 0) text: The Figures move closer and closer - still in their bizar slow motion - to George and Zed.
70) 2) dialog: No. Right as the figures are about to grab onto them, Zed gra George under the arms and pulls him furiously toward the room. The Figures stop. One turns his head to look at them. The pivot, and keep following, in slightly quicker motion. Th Figures move slowly but consistently toward Zed and Georg Zed pulls George as fast and vigorously as he can, but th Figures are gaining on him. Scarlett sprints right around the Figures as Zed pulls Ge into the adjacent corridor. As Scarlett passes them, one the Figures reaches out in fast motion, trying to grab he but she dodges him just in time.
71) 0) text: Scarlett grabs George’s other arm and helps Zed create a little distance from the Figures.
72) 1) dialog: Did you find the stone? 98.
72) 3) dialog: How did you do that?!
72) 5) dialog: Scarlett! She looks, sees them coming nearer and nearer. George reg consciousness. He touches his wounds to find himself heal Scarlett and Zed help George to his feet. The three of th run from the room as the Figures approach.
73) 3) dialog: We'll never be able to climb down that. The onboard camera light goes out.
73) 7) dialog: I have matches.
73) 9) dialog: Three.
73) 13) dialog: This is the last one. 100.
73) 19) dialog: I was in a car that ran a man over. I never reported it. Scarlett takes Zed’s hand too. The camera light flickers. THE FIGURES ARE RIGHT THERE, SECONDS AWAY.
75) 3) dialog: It worked?! There, above them is a ladder leading up to a manhole cov on the surface. They scurry up the ladder, excited by the idea of getting of this place, open the manhole cover slowly to find:
76) 0) text: Paris. Scarlett and George and Zed step out onto the Parisian ci street, surrounded by cafes and revelers, partying and celebrating life.