0) 8) dialog: Tou be good, children, and mind cal. Ee atarts om,
0) 9) dialog: Good morning, Maudie.
0) 10) text: Seod mormng, Atticus, He continues on out cf the yard.
1) 13) dialog: Rello, Bill. Mrs. Dubose sees Atticus now, too and begins SCREAMING.
1) 17) dialog: You lock like a picture this efter- noon. scour (whaspecing) He don't say a pisture of what.
1) 18) dialog: My goodness gracious, lock es your flowers. (pointing to She cameilia bushes) Did you ever see anything more beauti- ful? Mrs, Dubose, the gartems at Bellingrath have nothing to compare with your flowers.
1) 22) dialog: Ecan't agree with you. I think your yard is going ta be the show Place of the town.
2) 0) text: Miss Maudie is still worktiog in her yard, The children r If followed by Atticus. Re crogsag aver to Miss Maudte. ‘ entidran ron inte their yard, Two SHOT -— MLSS MADDIE, afTicys
2) 2) dialog: Very hot today wasn't it? wd ve
2) 5) dialog: Yes, About four this afterncon Sob Ewell cama running into tewn locking Yor Shariff Tate, Fe claimed Tom had raped and beatan his oldest gixt, Mayella, Zeck want out te Aobinsen's and ha denied doing 1+, but Heck treught him ‘into jail. cCnrTots
2) 9) dialog: Bo. Calpurnia calls from the Pineh yard, CaLPURNIA Supper. mapnin Well, I'm sorry ta hear about 44,
2) 10) dialog: So wea L. A panse, They look at each other, . . {x}
2) 12) dialog: Geod night, Maudie.
2) 22) dialog: . (sharply) S3eout, I told you and Jem to leave those poor people aiome, = want you te stay away from there amc stop tcr- . Menting them. Yes, a4r.- She cpensa the book to taad, Atticus takes is wateh oct a looks at i%, .
2) 25) dialog: I think we'd better not cead any more tonight, honey. It's late. scout what tine is it?
2) 26) dialog: Elght-thirty. scout Can I see your watch? He gives it to he. ANGLE - SCcUT ag she raads the inseriptior, scour *%) Atticus, my beloved musbend.” Jem says this watch 1s going to be iis: some day,
2) 28) dialog: Well, it's customary for the hey ta have hia father's watch, scout - What ere you going to give me?
2) 29) dialog: Well, I'm afraid I haven't ouch else of value that belengs to me. But there's a pear] mecklace and 2 ring that belonged te your mother which I‘ve mrs away and they're tc be yours. Seout gmlies. Attious kisses her cheek. He takes ais wete and goes toward Jam's room.
2) 43) dialog: Fello, Judge. “Ziad of warm tontsht, isn't 16? Ha takas his nandkerchie? and wipes his face.
2) 44) dialog: Eow’s Mrs. Tayler?
2) 48) dialog: Yes, sir,
2) 51) dialog: Yea, sir. - Pause) Well, thanks for the business, Judge. {x}
2) 53) dialog: Yes, sir. SNGLE WIDENS an Judge Taylor geta up.
2) 55) dialog: Yes, sir. .
2) 57) dialog: Yes, aftr, aJudge Taylor leaves, Again there 13 silence. Atticus rec Be listens to the night's SOUNDS, Jem ccme TO the peren.
2) 59) dialog: All sight, son. Jem COMES outside, He greta in his father's lap, 3s fathe holds him, rocking,
2) 60) dialog: 
2) 61) dialog: Seout asleep? (x)
2) 64) dialog: Son, you kmow that man who works in Mr. Link Deas’ yard, Tom Rotinson?
2) 66) dialog: Well, he's in troubla, sertous trouble, Judge Taylor asked me to take the cage, and I -. Ee locks down and sees the bey is esleer, He smiles down his son as we : DISSCLYS To
3) 29) text: om #1929 - Changes 2/22/62 s 48 cONTTavaD - EWELG (Comth?d) just ltil bim instead of goin’ for the Sheriff. dared you am the Sheriff and the taxpayers a lot of trouble, att revs - Me. Ewall, if you'll excuse as, I'm tery oUsy, ‘ EXELL Cap'n, somecus told me just now thay thought you deliaved Tem Robinson's story agin curs, I said no, Fou're wrong there. Mr, Finch aintt takiat his stery agin curs. Mr. Finch...- (leeks at Atticus whe Lis syeing him impassivelr) they was wrong, wasn't ther, Mr. Finch? - atTTocos I've been appointad to defend Tom Robingen and now that Eats been Goarged, that's what T intend doing,
3) 31) dialog: If youtll ozsuse ma, Mt, Bwall. ctleus starts om, Sveall blocks hia way,
3) 38) dialog: and Tom Robinson says he didn't.
3) 40) dialog: (interrupting; he's anery end lets her know it) ou Stephanie, I think the least we can do mos. . is try him at the courthouse and not a on the sidewalk, PN302 WIDENS as Atticus walls toward his house. Ze seea t ghildten playing in the side yard, Jem hes acisacrs and p tends he 1s stabbing Dill in the leg. cout SCREAMS, just Atticus approaches them.
3) 44) dialog: Tosso you're playing. Give m ‘nose seisgors, Thay'rs nothing to play with. Jem nands then to bim. He seems very guiity. artricus Dees this by any chance beve anythiag to do with the R3adleys?
5) 19) dialog: Jem..-S3cout...Coma on in. Right
7) 0) text: Atticus stands at the front door, calling: - atricous Jem...Seout...Coma on in. Right now. EXT, FINCH Back YARD scorz . (counting) - 8 2 lol -W-136- O.S. SOUND G SHOTGUN BLAST. Seout stands there stunned, Suddenly she shuts her eyes a presses her hands aver her aars. She lacks a3 if she's ah to scream. At that moment Jem bursts throvga the bushes a jumps the fence crashing inta Scaut, scour Jem! Jew. claps his band over her mouth. Shhbhh: ax He begins to frantically puli om bis pants.
7) 5) dialog: Nothing at all.
7) 10) dialog: It was probably just soms hound scratehing around back there, Good night. Maudie and Stephanie c#il their “Good nights" as he walks the house. . ATTICUS « Seout. Jem. Come om now, “he excitement's cvar. Time for bed. CAMERA HOLDS cn Seout and Jem. They Look at each other. T he starts for the house.. Secut follows. As they climb sh steps Jem looks back over his shoulder toward the Radley
8) 3) dialog: Come on, Seaut. Bat your brenk*ast,
8) 5) dialog: Son, it's a half hour before snhoot etarts. Now wait for-your sister,
8) 53) dialog: I hope 42's a dinner you Like. Walter looks down at hts plate. There are string teana, r cormbraad, tezmips amd rice, Walter looks at Acticus.
8) 59) dialog: Thirteen or fourteen. ANGLE - FAVORING aTTICus
8) 60) dialog: I remember when zy caddy gave me tie gun, be Sold ae: ‘Never point at
8) 66) dialog: Well, £ reckon hecause goclcingbirds gou't do anything but wake mudic for us to anfoy. They don't eat peaple's gardens, they don't nest in carn- eribs, they don't do ona thing but Siog their hearss out for us. anyway, that's why I think it's a sin to kt1l a mockingbird, “ {to Scout) Eow did you itke schoat, Scout? ScUCT {memeommt ttally) all. rtgznt. Calpurnia COMES IYI the dining room with the syrcp <ish.
8) 67) dialog: Walter would Lice it, pleese, Cal. Calpurmia takes the syrop dish to bim and He begins te fo literally 221 over his food,
8) 68) text: Sha ts watching thiz procese, Ske makes a face of disgust Scour What in the Sam Hiil are you doing, Walter? Tne silver saucer clatters as ze Piaces the pitcher on it be qcickly puts his hands in His lap and daueks nts head, Atticus shaxes his nead at Sout to “eer quiet. scour : But, Atticus, he has gone end drowned his dinner in syrur, and poured s+ all over --
9) 0) text: Sha ts crying. amTcus (9.3.)} Scout. Seout, She hears her father end comtrols her erying. ANGLE WIDEN Atticus comes up to Scout.
9) 1) dialog: Scout, shat in the world as gcsten in ta you? We couldn't get along a Silogle day without Cai, Scout turzs to her father to explain, takes me “00k at 4a and bursts out crying again.
9) 6) text: Soout wipes cet eyes. scour Atticus, I'm not going back to school guy more,
9) 7) dialog: How, Scout, tt's jJuat the first day. CLOSE SHOT + SCOUT, aTTIcus . . . gcecotT I don't care. Everything went wrong. My teacher got wad as the devil at me and said you were teaching mea to read all wrong amd to stop it. and thec she acts Like a fool and tries to give = Waltex Cumningham a quarter whan every< body knows Cunninghams won't take Aethin’ from nobody. Amy foal could have told her that.
9) 8) dialog: How, Scout, Maybe she's just nervous. i3's her first day teaching school, and being uew hers, secuT Ch, AttLova,
9) 11) dialog: Tatil you clinb 4nto his akin and walx arcund in it.
9) 15) dialog: All’ right. How burry back to scheaol or you'll be late, ANGLE WIDENS-2s sha starte on.
9) 20) dialog: All righs. Climb tn. Scout and Jem run 20x the car. Jem gets in the back seat, gets beside her father. scour Who's Selen Robinson?
9) 21) dialog: Sbe's the wifes of tha men I'a de- fending. The car moves on,
10) 0) text: Seout is a@stecp in thé front seat! Atticus looks ¢own an she 14 and pulls her clicser to bim.
10) 5) text: Ts is a small, ngat ncuse anc yard. Tom's SON Jam's are, playing ih the yer¢. attious! car drives up: playizg and watcres the car, HELEN RACEINSON door of tne house. She nas a Stacy it ser a chilfres hang on ‘he: 2s3.° Atticus ceys cus é goes to She corsh, calls ts tne bey:
10) 10) dialog: Hello, gon. TOM, JR. Hello. “Athicus goss up on the porch,
10) 11) dialog: - Hello, delen. Hello, mr. Pinch. aTTICUS To cama aver to tall you about aay Visit with Tom.
10) 21) dialog: Wo need to be afraid of hin, son. e's dunk and he’s alj bluff.
10) 24) dialog: There ara a lot of ugly things in shis world, son. Gf course, I wish Could keep them ail away frcm you, t that's never possibie. Atticus leans down and lifts the sleeping Seaut eff the s =p 128 ig i20 121
11) 0) text: Atticus carttes Scout toward the howse, an Caipurnia COME from the kitchen, “ AETICUS If you'll wett until I can get Scout tn bed, Cal, I'll drive you ome.
12) 0) text: Atticus COMES Lf wits Scout and starts to uadress Sar.
12) 2) dialog: Jem would yoo be afraid ta wait here with Scout until I get cal home? - . . oT _ Ne. Atticus goes Soward bigs car. ERT. FINCH SIDEWALE AND PRCNT YARD - JEM’S Pov - NIGET Jeu gees his father get ints bis car and start orf. A tre rusties, a shadow passes over vhe porch where Jem Si%3, 4 night bird calls. CLOSE SHOT — JEM - NIGHT ‘Be 1s struck with sudden terror, 4a starts te rau foward Radley piace in the direction of his fatrer's car. EXT, SIDEWALS - MOVING SHOT - NIGaT
12) 8) dialog: {sterniy)} Z @on‘t want you fighting, Scout. ae scour Iehad ta, Attlieus, he --
12) 9) dialog: (interrapting) I dén’€ ¢are whats the reasons ate, TI forbid. you to f4zbt. scout Yas, sir. He sits on the steps. She sits beside bim. CLOSE HoT - scowt, aTTicis
12) 12) dialog: For a number of reasons. Tke main ome is, if I didn't, I couldn't oold up my head tn town. I couldn't sven Yell you or Jam not to do samathing again. (puts ats arms grcund her) : Scout, youtre going to hear some ugly talk about this at school, but I wart: you to pramisa me you'll do ona thing for me. That you won't gat ints fights over it, mo matter what {s said to you. ANGLES WITENS as Attima gets up and GOES INSIDB the house Seout sees Jam on the stcewalk and goss toward hin. Lling sb {oar toward him) You know what Atticus says? Ze says -- Scent pauses as ske watches Jem. ancts - scqut She seos Jom walking most peculiarly with Eis feet ots an arms held te Bis sided. Heois doing hia tmitation of anci Egyptians. eons runs to mest him. Whan shes geta abdous f feet from him, she becomes eware of his peculiar walk and and looks more clossiy. MED. SET + scour, Jaw
12) 31) dialog: Forever, Scecut, Jam walks tawamd bia room, Scout looks at ker Father ag 4 can't believe what she has just heard. scour Porever? atitcyus (ftiraiy) Yes. Forever, Scout looks at Atticus for a mement end ther runs down th 146. Bt
12) 32) text: It. J5M'S Room Jem is thert om his bed with his cigar bor, Seaus COMES [ ths roc. Scoct Tou meow what atticus aude mo Prumise? Hs made mo -- She sees the scac figures, stops, thao s0tices tha cigar and she gues toward the bed. soorr . dom, what do you have in thet box?
13) 25) dialog: Don't you go near that dog, you understand? He's just as dangerous dead as aliva. vem Yes, sir. Atticus --
13) 29) dialog: Zush, Heck. Let's go back to town. {goes to the childsen) Remember, now, don't go near that dog.
14) 0) text: Atticus comes out of Mrs. Dubose'’s house, He seems extre tired and very saddened. He stands for a moment in the ya cocking at the wreckage and then stoops down and picks up broken camellia bud and the stick and starts walxizg slow and thoughtfuliy home,
14) 4) dialog: sen, are you resfpousible for this? : JEx ie: Yes, sir, She said terrihle things about your defending Tom Bobtnson, She said... “ATTICUS (4ntarrupting) E don't care what she said, I never thought you would be the one I'd Rave.to worry about losing cts head ever this. Ta do something like thts to a’sick, old Lady 1a in~ excusable. Ge down and hava a telk with Mra, Dubose., Come straight home afterward, r Jem does not move. i ATTICUS . Go on, I satd, Jem starts CUT ef Atticuat room. Sccut follows after him,
14) 5) dialog: Come back bere, Scout comes back.
14) 8) dialog: Certainly.
15) 3) text: Come in. Atticus comes INTO the roan,
15) 4) dialog: I was coming tome 2>em the effice and didn’t see the chitdren. I shought they right be ere,
15) 13) dialog: Come on, chiidren. Gead night, Mrs, Dubose. She doesn't answer. Ha starts OUT, PCLLOWED by the childr
15) 25) dialog: Mrs. Dubose tock morphine as 2 pain (z) Killer for years. The doctor pos her on it beaause she had arthritis. She'd have spent the reat of her lite om it and died without suffering, but she was too contrary. She said she was going to leave this world beholden to nothing and nobody. The meant to break herself of it befors she died, and that's what she did while you were reading to her.
15) 27) dialog: I'm glad you got to see what real courage ig, son,
16) 0) text: Atticus 1s on the porch half-reading his paper, hal? watc
16) 11) dialog: In the abbctsville jail.
16) 13) dialog: The Sheriff thought he would be safer thera, Theyfre bri: him back here tonight because bis trial ts tomorrow. Ze gets up and GOES TET tke house, From under tha house Jem and Scout hers the SCUND cf "Paa They lock at euch other, ERAR "Fast™ again. They loak aai the house and see Dill thare, hiding, God atmighty, Scant and Jan gather around Dill. Trey wateh hin in spesc lesa wonder. GROUP SEDT - DILL, JEM, Scout
16) 22) dialog: Whoa, som, Nobody's gonna maka you do anything but go to had pretty acon, I'm just going to cail Stephanie and esk her if you can't spend the night tare,’ You'd lika that, wouldn't you?
17) 0) text: Tas children are listening tc Kate Smith on che radio, Acsicus 1s reading bis peper, Thera's a ZNOCK at the fran Screen docr, Atticus goes and sees Zeck Tate standing the
17) 5) dialog: Jam, you and Scout and Dill min se your reom and play. I have to talk to thea Sharift. Tmt : . Yessir. Ee starts OUT. Scout and Dill follew aftar him. Atticus g over to Tate.
17) 6) dialog: Have a seat, Hook.
17) 8) dialog: Zeck, watve gotten cus postponement of this cage just to mike sure thera's mothin' to be uneasy about. You can kaep Tom one night, can't you? JT don't think enmybady in Maycomb'l1 Degrudgs ma a client with timas this
17) 13) dialog: Ai rigst, all right, chticran. Lat's get to bed. {shey. contioe with their play) 411 right new, Comes on, come cr, Tt's getting late. {sakes the pitlew from tram} Seout, yau go in your room and gst uneressed, coum sunD bn LBb-a
17) 16) dialog: Fot tomighs - now scoot, Sha GOES to her roam,
17) 19) dialog: Thank you, . Be starta cut.’ He pauses,
17) 20) dialog: Io thizk you batter count on staying, cALPURNTA Fins, Ha GOZS on out. DISSCLVE Tc Ist. Jen's Eco Jem ard Dill are in bed, Dill ts asieen, but Jem ts awake nlp
18) 3) dialog: Yen can Surn argund and go heme ecain, Walter, Heck Tate's eround scmewhera, ASOTEER mar + The hell he is. Heck's bunch ts ac deep in the woods they wou't gaz out till mormin', Called tem aff on a suipe hunt. Oida't you think a shes, Mr. Flach?
18) 6) text: @m wh CcnTINTED . ATTTCUs Thought about it bat dicn's believes it. Well, then, that changes things -Gooan't it? Ex, DCORWAT OF HARDWARE STOHE - GROUP SHOT : DLLL, Scout and Jam. Scout turns to her brotger. scour Tocantt gee Atvieus., Come om. Let's go wheres we. can watch bim. She darts cut towards the men, Dill bebtad ner, hefors se reach ont and grab them, MOVING SEof . / Scoxt and 2; Jem beriad chem. They rum to the men and sus themseivres through tham until they reach Atticus. “sear Hey, Atticus. . Sbe smiles up at Bim, tut wher'she catchas the ook of fea bis faces, she Sécomes Insecure, Seout looks-a>cund at sh surrounding Ser, Thase are strangers to har, cotintry man the min she jaw'on her porch, Atticus gets up from his ch and begins to move slowly, Like en old mic, toward tnem.
18) 25) dialog: Now, you go home, al2 of you, I'll be there later,
18) 29) dialog: Tasy've gone. Get some sleen, Tom. Thay won't bother you any mos. Se ita back in his chair and continues his watching. Drsscive Te
20) 10) dialog: Yoa. Ee ig sitting bebind bis table, bis oheir skewed to one a ita legs crossed, and one arm is resting on the back of b
20) 11) dialog: Did anybody call « doctor, Sheriff? TATE . No, siz. AgTICUs -Why nott
20) 21) dialog: Wes it bar left facin' you, or her Teft locking tha same way you wers? TaTx Ob, you, that'd make it her right It’was bor right eyo, Mx, Pinch. I remamber nxt, she waz beat up on that side of ber face, - : Heck Tate blinks again and then turns and locks 2t Tom Ro an if something bas been mado clear to him at ths same ti Tom Zobinson reises his head, Something has been made cle ® Atticus, tec, and he gets to bis feet. He walls toward ta, . : TWO SHOT ~ attIcus, TADS afticos Which atde egain, Hack? Urs The right side. And her arms were braised and she showed me her neck, There wore definite finger marks on ber gullet.
20) 22) dialog: ALL around ber threat? 4¢ the back of ber mack?
20) 45) dialog: Matm? . : wATETIA Long a3 you keep makin! fon of me. (gently) Yr. Pinch ia not making fun of you. What ts ths. mtter with you? : Bysises4 Tuat's just bis wy. Bets just tryiug to be polite. : (leens back ae sighs weerlly Atticus, let's get an.
20) 53) dialog: You say you asked Tom Robinson to camp chop up a....what was. it?
20) 56) dialog: Remember any other occasion?
20) 59) dialog: Tom stand up Lat Miss Mayella have a gomt. jong lock at you Tom Robinson rises to his feet. It ts oar first ged look hin. He is thirty. Atticus goes to the table end picks us ‘brief case.
20) 60) dialog: (throwing brief case) Hera, Tom, catch this. please.
20) 62) text: og #1919 a gh cOWTENUED - 2 Tom catches it in his right hand. Atticus takes the trier from him, .
20) 63) dialog: Now this time catch it in your left Tcantt, str. Why can't you? To . I can't move py left hand at all. I got it caught tn a cottan gin when I was twelve years old. 411 oy muscles were tore loose, - CAMERA FULLS RACK TO PULL SHOT. Again the courtroom is in uproar, .
20) 66) dialog: Is this the wan who Tapad you? awe : It most certainly 1s,
20) 67) dialog: Bow? .
20) 79) text: Were you acquainted with Msyells Viclet Ewell? CLASE ANGLES — TWO SHOT = aTTicUS, TOK Tom Yea, air. I bad ta pass her place goin! to and from the field avery
20) 80) text: atticus Ta thera any other way to go?
20) 88) text: * Ba CLASH aHGLE - TWO SHOT = TOM, ATTICUS Tot Me. Fine, I was goin’ home as usual thet evenin', and when I passed the Ewell place, Misa Meyolls wers on the porch, Like she a2{¢ she were, my an! aha saya for me to coms there ant : help hor # minutes, Well, i went inatde ooo: the fence an‘ looked aroun' for some kcindlin’ to work on, tat I dien' sae mena. 4m! she seid now come in the . : house, she hea a door nesds ftxin', | - So I follows her inatde and looked et the coop and I sey to Look all right, an‘ sbe sout ths doar in ay face. ALL tha time I was vonderin'! woy it wes so quist like and it came : ta ma thers waa not 4 child om the Lo placa, m!' I said, Misa Mayella, whare foe children 2 Ant she saya, they @12 ge to town to get ica creamt, She : saya it took her a alap year to save ! seb'a nickels, tut ane done it an! they #11 gons to tow. Tom's bleck, valest skin has begun to shine. He mums his over his face. He is abviqualy very uncemfortable. _ oF CONTINTED da #1gig - Changes 2/12/62 “ XL z COWEIEVED ae : ATTICUS What did you sey then, Tom?
20) 92) text: os . Tom, yulvs sworn to tell sue wicle truth, WHIL you tell it? Tom runs his bend nervously over bis mouth, « ATTICUS Woat happened after toat? i JUDGE . Adawer the qusation.
20) 96) dialog: . Then what happened,
20) 125) dialog: Judge, Calpurnia says my children baeve been misaing since neon. Conld = auDas (interrupting) T mew wheres they ars, Atticus. They're right up yonder in the - solored baicay, Attieus tums aad logks up at the balcony. He seas the childre: and calis: ~ aTticus laternly) Jem, come dom from there. Scout, Dil1 and Jer clint over Hev. Syiss and atart ont.
20) 128) dialog: (looks at Jom and 3603 how much os wats to be there) Wall, you've beard it.all, aa You might ea well hear the rast, Teli you what? you ali can coma dack when you've often your supper, But T oxpect itil be over before you get tack, ComtixveD
21) 7) dialog: Did you hear me, Tom? I say we can att1i win, Tom looks at him with e kind of mite hopelesscess on his
21) 14) dialog: Excuse me, He goes ta Hock Tate, .GROUF SHOT = MISS MAUDIE, JEM, DILL, scour Maucoy I dom’t mow if tt'l1 help, but I want to aay thia to you. There sre som men in thia world wha were born to. do our unpleasant jobs for us. Your father's ane of thes. (wearily) Gh, well. : 7
21) 24) text: . Atticus, Itm coming with you. : aTricus ‘ All right. som. Come on, ' Be waits for Jom to catch up with him, Misa Mandie, Sco I Dill are maidled togethsr, watching then go. . DISSOLYE To 268 EXT. TOM ROBINSON'S HOUSE « Tice Tho house i9 dark and ‘quiet aa are all tte little nouses Spanca, Tom's Tather, sits on the atepa of the house, Att and Jem drive up to the house, He stops the car and gets uF : : CONTINUED 4 268 263
21) 30) dialog: Spence, there'll] be no appeal now. You see -= Tom wea killed. was eying to rum away and they shot him, _ ANGLE WIDEES to INCLUDE Helen COMING GUT the door. dhe the two men. Atticus sees her aid starts for her. atricus Helen... Zelen gires a littls moan md falls over inte the dirt of yard. Spence and Atticus go to her.
22) 4) text: Imp. THE HALL OF tat PINCH HOUSE . Cal anc Scout COME If. Attieus is ut tha phote, articas Heck? atticus Finch. Someone's been after my children. Jam's hort. Between bere and the schoolhouse, , Dean't leave my tey. Hm out here, please, and see if he's stilt arcun, Thanks, Heck. . Ee bangs up. He goose to Scout. . scout Attions, ia Jem coad? . aPPrcus Wo, Scout, Lack after her, Cal. Be runs down the ball towards Jen’s roam. Cal begins to u Scout end get her cut of the costume. CALFUHNTA . are you sare you're all right? scour Sure. She ia free of the contumr now and begins to rub her litt IT. : . s Cal, is Jem dead?
22) 22) dialog: Maybe wa'd better go into the living Poem, Heck.
22) 29) dialog: {geatly correcting bar) Mp. Avtiutr, honey, Jean Louias, - this is Mr. arthur Nadley. I belisve he already knows you. . Scout is embarrassed and trying ta hide her embarrassment goes to cover Jem up. Dr, Reynolds COMES back Ix. - TA. REYWoLDs iF ont. Krerrvory ences at Boo) . Braqio', artior, Didn't notice you the first time Twas here. : ~ (giamoing 22 Boo) at Er =~ Heck, lot's go ont on the front porch. There are planty of chairs out there aad tt'a still Wart enough, Atticus and Heck Tats GO ON OUT. Scout goes ta Arthur, scour Come along, Mr. arthur. You don't Imow the boure real well. [!'1] take you to the porch, sir. Ee looks down at Scont and nods, She lsads him out of the
22) 39) dialog: . Scout, Mr, Ewell fell an bia knife, pees think yor cao possibly under— 296 TWO SHOT - SCOUT AND arrrcus scour Tes, sir, LE umderstantd, Mr. Tate was right.
22) 44) dialog: What de you mean? scour Well, it would be sort af like shooting a mckingbird, wouldn't itt avticua puts his face in her hair apd rubs it. 4NGLE WIDE as Atticus gota up and starts for the honse. Eefers be go inside, be stops in front of arthur Radley, : aTTICOS Thank you for my children, arthur. Ze goes om tnxide. Arthor gete op md code toward the fron a. scour You'd like te nay gocd night tc Jom, yuan you, Mr. Artharf Come right They go in the door. TET. maLnay Seoat end. arthur coat IN. They go to the door of Jen's r Ost. JEMtS ROOM Scout and arthur ENTER. . scour Br. -Regnalds gare him a heavy seda- tive, Cal says, a0 he'd sleep, ‘Seout leads him to Jem'a bed, arthor looks at hia from h foot as though he bed never sean a boy before, Bie hand c up, but be lots it drop to bis side, Scour You ¢am pet him, Mr. Arthur, Hats agleep. You couldn't if be was ' awake, thongh, be woulda's let you. Go ahead, Bis band comms Lightly on Jam's hair. Then be tugs at Sco arm and she umierstands be wants to leave. They Go oT. oY
22) 47) text: Asis 2 Det. HALDWAY Seoat and Artou EXTER from Jam's room. Sha leads him to t front door. They atend there. He holda ber bend, (whispering) Will you take me home? scout . “He. Arthur, bend your azmm down bere like that. That's right, ctr. She siipe ber bend inte the crock of his arm. They valk o the front doar. : EXT. FINCH FEOHT PORCH aND SIDEWALK - MOVIBG SHOT ~ BIcHT Thay walk in the yard, up the walk and onto the Hadley po artoor cints the decor knob and goes in, leaving Scont al the pors TRAY LOUISE (¥0) Heigntors ting food with death, and flowers with sickness, and Little things in between. foo vas ou neighbor, He gave ua two soap @olls, & broken watch and chain, a mmife and our lives. One time Atticus aaid you sever really knov 2 man until . you steed in bia shoes apd walked arcund in them. Just standing on the Radley perch was sncugh,
23) 0) text: Atticus is there, sitting beside Jem's bed. scorT Haas Jom weked up yett
23) 1) dialog: Sleeping peacefully. Hoe won't wake until morning. CONTISvED foe eee ee ee soe