0) 16) dialog: (tentatively) Hey ~-
0) 19) dialog: Im Coarias Bakar Harris, I can read. -
0) 21) dialog: I thought you'd like to ktow I can read, You got anything needs reading? I san do it, : asm How old are you? Pour and a half?
0) 22) dialog: ang an seven.
0) 25) text: wo ae Dill slimks through the fence.
0) 26) dialog: Folla call me Dill. ‘Fem climbs down the tree to get a closer look, CLOSEA SHOT - DILL .
0) 27) dialog: I'm from Meridian, Mississippi. I'm Spendigg two weeks next door with uy Aunt Stephanie, My mawa worked for a photographer ic Meridian. She entered my picture in 4 Beautiful Child Contest amd won five dollars, She give the woney ta me and I went ta the picture ahow twenty simes on
0) 29) dialog: I haven't got one. Scour Is he dead?
0) 30) text: Ne. Scout Well, if he's not dead, you've got one, haven't you? Dill blushes,
0) 35) dialog: I'u pleaned to know you, My daddy owns the L and W Railroad. da's * going to let a# run the engine ali . tha way to New Orleans.
0) 48) dialog: Is that why ay Aunt leeks up so tight at aight? ‘ c=M Sure. Wonder what he does in there? Looks like he'd fust stick hia baad cut the doer, What would you do if he stuck his head out the decor now? Scorr (with real terror} I'd die...thev's what I'd do, CLOSE Two SECT - DILL, JEM
0) 49) dialog: Wencer what ne igoks like? =m Well, judging from his tracws, he's ‘ about six and a hai? feet tali, Ha eats taw squirveis ard all ths asts he ten catcn, Trere's 3 “co sagzat scér mumming across nis face, Eis
0) 63) dialog: Whet is Lt?
1) 1) dialog: Where you going? scout Time ta meat dtcicns. She mos efter Jom; Dill fellows efter ter.
1) 4) dialog: Why does ha? accuT TI don't know, He just started to when he first began talcing. oN
2) 16) dialog: Aunt dtephante told me 221 about Four hustenc gambling and running up all thone debts and deserting Fou and breaking your heart and then dying. I was so sorry to near it.
2) 20) dialog: Geed night, Za ruis.across the stress as Miss Mattie starts Zor ner h
2) 69) dialog: 
2) 71) dialog: I've teen up since four.
2) 75) dialog: (with great ftonchalance) dh, yea, I always get up as four. It's in my blood, You see, my daddy was a railroad man until he got rich, and now he flies aeroplanes. Ome of these days he's just going to awoop down hare at Maycomb and pick me up and take me for a ride.
2) 77) dialog: Oh, yer. Calpormia GCES OUT of the xttchan, [Dill movea closer to eA
2) 78) dialog: (whispering) Everytoing was quiet when I leoked over av the Radley house this morning. (leaking at Jem} Did you hear Boo out last night?
2) 81) dialog: You're scared to, ain't you?
2) 86) dialog: Folks tn Meridian County aren't as scared as folxs in Maycomb County.
2) 88) text: All right. Jem takes hold of the tire and Scout gets inside of 15. ‘ she 13 inside, Jem suddenly pushes Lt with all his aight. JzM That'il teach you to call me scared, He pushes the tire down the sidewalk with all che force o body. Ft leaves the sidewalx, gues across the gravel road the sidewalk in front of the Hadley piace, through the ga up the Radley sidewalk, “its the steps of thea porch and over on its sida, Dill and Jem watch thia with naipiess t When the tire has stopped, Scout, dizzy and sauseated, an unaware of where she 48, iies on the ground. sEM {T=LLING franti- faliy) Scout, Scout, Get away from there, Scout, come oan,
3) 6) text: He starts OUT of the yard. Seout and Jem reluctantly FOLL DESscLve Te sq 453 ah e sa Be w io in THE COURTHCUSE SQpan= - MED, SECT A group of FOUR IDLERS sit lewnging under scme “ive oak t They watch with eagle eye whatever happens on tha Square in the courthouse. Dill, followed by Scout and Jem, come by them, Qne of the men, HIRAM TOWNSEND, recognizes Scout and Jam, is in bis seventies and is drassed in work clothes. - HiRam If you're looking for your dadds, he's inside the ¢ourthouse. scout Thank you, but we're not lookin' for -- vem gives her a yank and a look and she shuts up ane they
3) 8) dialog: What's your daddy dein’ up there?
3) 10) dialog: Let's go watch.
3) 13) dialog: Where‘s your daddy? He'll be in the courtroom. U5 there.
3) 15) dialog: You all lift ms up so I car aes what's going on. Jem and Scout make « pack saddla with their amms and [ill up aod peers ic the glass at the sop cf tha door. Bill gets vem begin
3) 16) dialog: Hot much {s happening. The Judges leoka like he's sleeping. I see your daddy and a colored man, Tha eolored man looks to ma {ka he's erying. Worder what ne's dona to ery ebout. $0 aOsorbed in watching he stops teliiticg. Scout ane zo feel the atrain of holding Sim up. scour What's going ont
3) 17) dialog: Thare are a lot of men sitting togethar on ons side and one man xeeps pointing anc yelling at the colored man, ‘They're taking the colored man avay.
3) 19) dialog: Tocan't ges your daddy oew, aither, = wonder where it the world -- ANGLE WIDENS as tehind them cut of a sida docr COMES Avti POLLOWED ty Heck Tate, stieus goes toward them, Zeck Tate fee Lee SOES on OUT of cEx= foyer.
3) 49) dialog: Can we play "Seo Hadlay" any more?
3) 67) dialog: I can play outside tonisst Aunt Stephanie says because it's my Last aight hare, Jam goes minning toward him. Scout Sollows after Jam. The two bars mun toward Miss Stethanite's yard. icsut follews
3) 70) dialog: {very casually} Let's go for a weak. Scout (suspiciously) Whoare to, Dill? Dt1ll jerks bis bead tn the direction of tha Radley house oem {also overly casual) Okay, scorr (cautiously) . think we ought to stay right here in Mias Stephanists yard. 14 En You don't have to coms along, angel May.
3) 73) text: EXD. THE RADLEY HZCUSS, SIDEWALZ aND YARD They come to the sidewsik and Jem stops end looks st tos Radley boose. Dill end Scout stand baside him, locking, t MED. SHOT - DILL, Scout, JaM
3) 74) dialog: Anotis gays ame needa a nip or two during the day, too. Says she's needed it ever since she wake up Chat aigkt and found San Aadlay locking in she window at aer. The chiidren stand for a beat in silence, Looking at tae houses scour - Waset are you going to dof
3) 81) text: EXT, BACK FENCE OF THE rapLEY LOT Tha fence saclosea a Llerge gerden. Jem, Scout end Ditl c Tt. Jem belds tre sottom wire up and motions to Dill to e ander, He does so, Yeaut follows, Theo Scout solids up th wive for Jem. It ‘ia a vary tight squeeze for aim, but ne Baneges to moke it.
3) 83) text: The children cautiousiy approach the house. Poor Seaut ig intimidated oy Jem's warning that sha barely moves 5» ste mincts, end tien when sme looks up and sees Jem quite @ d tence ahead, sme begins ta move faster. EXT. RADLEY EBACE Gate They reach the gata woich divides the garden from thea ha yard. Jem souchas *t. The gute squeaks, GROUP SHOT - DILL, ScoUr, sam
3) 84) dialog: (vttapering) Spit on it. Taey all belp to spit until they have ao xpit left. scotT (whispering) dem, you hava us in a bor. We san'+ got out of here so eesy.
4) 5) text: They ¢ruas the yard end go to the back porch. Jem puts si foot on the bottom step, the step SQUEAKS, Es stands stil then “vies bis weight by degreas, The step is SILEVT. Jem skips two steps, puts bis fact on the porch, beaves himse to it, and taaters a long moment. He cegains bis balance dzops on bis knees. He crawis to the window, raises bis h and looks ta. Stout suddenly looks up and sees a shadow,. is the shadew of a maz. The back porch is bathed in moonl and the shadow, crisp as toast, moves across tha porca to Jer, Dill sees tc naxt, Se pits ois bends to ris face, Th ahadow crosses Jem, Jem sees it, be puts bis arms over xi head and goes rigid, The shadow stops abour a Poot bevocd Its ams come out from its sida, drop and ars still, Trac turns and moves back across Jam, walks along cha sorch go the side of the bousa, recurming as it bad com. Jem leaps off the porch an¢ gallops toward Seqm+ and Dili. =e fliag open the gate anc pustes Dilt end Secut through, pussing through the collards. Scout trips. As she triva «« coM Qur back yard... durry, Scouz,
5) 0) text: Jem Solds ths Sottom wire, Scout and Dill reli chreuszh, 69
5) 3) text: Dill and Scout run ou. dalfway te their back yers, tMey s that Jam is not with them.
5) 9) text: Dill: You coma an in now, ‘ DILL {getting up} I'd better gc.
16) 17) dialog: Well, she did, and he took a dislike so me, bound ms in chains and laft me to die in the basoemart of our house, X would eve atarved except for a farmer -~ CoutrsvSD of om 281 182 #1S19 : a
16) 20) dialog: I teok thirteen dollara cut af my mothar's purse, I caught tha nines ' otclesk from Meridian and 2 got off cera Atticus cames into the rard, i221 locks up at him and he at Dill. Dill starts to scurry back under ‘he sarch,
16) 23) dialog: Yea, sir. Attisus leaves, DISS¢. ft re w c
17) 28) text: Ext, TEE COURTHOUSE SQUARE - CHLGDREN'S POTN OF VIEW They see four'dusty cars coms IN’ from the Meridian Fighw moving slowly, ina lina, They go around the Squara, pass Bank Building and step in froit of the jail. Wobedy gets atticua loaka up from bis newspaper, closes it, deliberat folds it, drops it in his lap, and pushes bis hat ts tha of bis bead. Hs seems to be expacting tha meno. GHOU? SHCT = scouT - JEM - DILL JEx (woispering}° Comm om. Follow ma. MOVING S8CT - ScCUr - JEM - DILL Theyrun acresz tha Square, a¢rosa the street, Thar take r Tor e momant ina store dacr, They peer out at Atticns wai at the jail, : cM (wht sparing) Cems on, Careful, Wa can get closer. They scurry down tha street to the doorway cf Tyndal's Ha Stora. They pesr cut, watching.
18) 6) text: @m wh CcnTINTED . ATTTCUs Thought about it bat dicn's believes it. Well, then, that changes things -Gooan't it? Ex, DCORWAT OF HARDWARE STOHE - GROUP SHOT : DLLL, Scout and Jam. Scout turns to her brotger. scour Tocantt gee Atvieus., Come om. Let's go wheres we. can watch bim. She darts cut towards the men, Dill bebtad ner, hefors se reach ont and grab them, MOVING SEof . / Scoxt and 2; Jem beriad chem. They rum to the men and sus themseivres through tham until they reach Atticus. “sear Hey, Atticus. . Sbe smiles up at Bim, tut wher'she catchas the ook of fea bis faces, she Sécomes Insecure, Seout looks-a>cund at sh surrounding Ser, Thase are strangers to har, cotintry man the min she jaw'on her porch, Atticus gets up from his ch and begins to move slowly, Like en old mic, toward tnem.
18) 7) text: GROUP Sao? - a@Ticus - Jam - Scour - DILL - aTTTcus Go hom, Jem, Take Seout and Dill home, Scont Looks up at Jam, She seas fe is not thinking cf ies
20) 0) text: It is deserted, as everyone is inside watching she tral. Seout, Jem anc Dill come into the yard. They stand look+n up at the courthouge,
20) 26) dialog: Baverend, what was that 211 sbout? sa itm just pot sure, 30D,
20) 105) dialog: Someon. Let’a go back in. I feel fine new, : mig #1919 - Changes 2/8/62 _ - oie
20) 109) dialog: I just couldn't atand that old : Giimer doin' him that way, talkin! ac hateful to Tom. scour Dili, that's hts job.
21) 24) text: . Atticus, Itm coming with you. : aTricus ‘ All right. som. Come on, ' Be waits for Jom to catch up with him, Misa Mandie, Sco I Dill are maidled togethsr, watching then go. . DISSOLYE To 268 EXT. TOM ROBINSON'S HOUSE « Tice Tho house i9 dark and ‘quiet aa are all tte little nouses Spanca, Tom's Tather, sits on the atepa of the house, Att and Jem drive up to the house, He stops the car and gets uF : : CONTINUED 4 268 263