0) 11) dialog: (YELLING over to Maudte as his father leaves she yard de won't lat me have a gun, Ee'll only play touch football with me... never tackie,
0) 15) dialog: (still firm) I gan‘t help that. He swings down to the Lower limb ir désgust and locks dow MISS STEPHANIE CHAWFORD‘S collard patch next decor. A boy ~ sitting among the collards. Sitting down he is not mich than the collards. It ts DILL, He has a saolem, cwlish fa a knowledge and imagination toa old for his years. He lao tp at Jem,
0) 17) dialog: {pleasantly} Hey, yourseif.
0) 23) dialog: Shoot, so wonder then. Scout yon- der's been reading since she was born ard she don't start sekool t411 next month, You look right puny for gotn' cn seven, I'm listle, but I'm eld.
0) 28) dialog: scour — Our mama's dead. We got a daddy, Where's your daddy?
0) 31) dialog: {he hag decided to take DAll under nts wing} Hush, Scout,
0) 38) dialog: There goes the meanest man that ever took a breath af life. Caipurmia goes back into the itehen.
0) 46) dialog: Boo only comaa out 2@v night when we are asleep and it's pitch derx, When you wake up at night you can hear him, He walks like this. {he slidea his feet along the sidewalk) Once I heard hin scratching on our screen door, put he was gone tine Atticus got there.
0) 56) dialog: (to Di11} You see, , (to Staphants) Iowea just trying to warn bim about Boo, and he wouldn!*+ believe ma, STEPIag¢TS ‘Soll, you'd better beitevs him, Mr. Dill Earris, Jah Tell htm about the time goo tried to kill hia papa.
0) 64) dialog: Didn't you see him? Es was fust thers et the window, He points bis finger toward the Hadley house, Dill and 3c lock and as vhey do, Jem raises his hand.
1) 23) dialog: (whispering to 3111 tebind Atticus} He geta her interested in somathing mice so ashe forgets +o be mean.
2) 31) text: INT, JEM?S 200m Jem, toa, is in bed, avTrcus Good night, Jen.
2) 32) dialog: . Good night. Atticus GOES OUT. Tat, Scout's ROOM = CLOSE SHOT - SCOUT She lies in hed thinicing. sci (calling) Jem -—
2) 34) dialog: Two. Scout How old were you? vem {0,5,} Sax. sccut. Cid as I em now?
2) 39) dialog: (as 4f he'd answered these questions 4 million tines) Yea «= scar {9,38,)} Did you love her?
2) 62) dialog: Yessir, .Did you work hard today? {x}
2) 65) dialog: Yea, sir, .
2) 85) dialog: (turioua at her) You hush up, Scout.
2) 88) text: All right. Jem takes hold of the tire and Scout gets inside of 15. ‘ she 13 inside, Jem suddenly pushes Lt with all his aight. JzM That'il teach you to call me scared, He pushes the tire down the sidewalk with all che force o body. Ft leaves the sidewalx, gues across the gravel road the sidewalk in front of the Hadley piace, through the ga up the Radley sidewalk, “its the steps of thea porch and over on its sida, Dill and Jem watch thia with naipiess t When the tire has stopped, Scout, dizzy and sauseated, an unaware of where she 48, iies on the ground. sEM {T=LLING franti- faliy) Scout, Scout, Get away from there, Scout, come oan,
3) 4) text: Jem Tushes in through thea gata, seta his sister by the s looks up atv the house, drops Ser hand, runs.up tha staps fromt door, teuches it, comes running cown, graba tha tir Bis sister by the hand and starts rummicg cut cf tre yard
3) 5) dialog: fun for your life, Scout. And they run out of the yard, up the sidewalk te their cw yard. Dill ming feat bemind them, When they get to the sa of their yard, they are all exhausted and fal) cn the sro Bat Jem 1s elated by bts feat of touching the Radlay hous GROUP SHOT - ScqUT, JEM, DIOL comm Now, who's 2 coward? You teli ‘then about this back im Meridian County, Mr, D431] Harris, Bt1ll looks at Jem with new respect, Tc (aageriy} T'll t#il you what tet's da. Let's go downtown to sha courthouse and see that room they iacked Boo up in. My auxt says it's bat infested, anc he almcat died from the mildew. Come on, I bet they got enaias down thera and instruments of torture.
3) 6) text: He starts OUT of the yard. Seout and Jem reluctantly FOLL DESscLve Te sq 453 ah e sa Be w io in THE COURTHCUSE SQpan= - MED, SECT A group of FOUR IDLERS sit lewnging under scme “ive oak t They watch with eagle eye whatever happens on tha Square in the courthouse. Dill, followed by Scout and Jem, come by them, Qne of the men, HIRAM TOWNSEND, recognizes Scout and Jam, is in bis seventies and is drassed in work clothes. - HiRam If you're looking for your dadds, he's inside the ¢ourthouse. scout Thank you, but we're not lookin' for -- vem gives her a yank and a look and she shuts up ane they
3) 9) dialog: He's « lawyer and he has 2 gases The grand jury is charging nts client today. I heard somethin’ about it last night when Judge Taylor came avar,
3) 22) dialog: Yes, siz. ROEERT £. LEE ZWELL, a short, bantam cock of a man, COMES foraground.
3) 45) dialog: Wo, sir.
3) 47) dialog: (whispering) Sot up. He's in tha l*ring room. He can beer us from ia thare, Ee motions them to the ¢treat commer.
3) 50) dialog: I denott mow. Atticus didn't say we ¢ouldn's. scour i think bs Knows wrat we were doing,
3) 51) dialog: (furious at her} There you go imegining things, Just like a girl. That's wey pecpls bate girls sa. If you're gcing te act lize a girl, you zo plar by yoursel’. Came on, Dill,
3) 62) dialog: Vamoose, Scour, They Save passad tha oak tres and she gives uw in éiseust starta xicking she ground in *ront of the tres. She sees Piece of tinfoil aticiing oct of the knot hela and ane re in and takes out two pistag of unwrapped erm, scout (calling to Jem and Diil) Eey -=- look what I feund. They vaurm am run to her. What ia it? 55 36
3) 63) text: w ow foto}. pap 901-0] scour Wrigley’s Doublemint. i found it in thera, She points to the knot hole and starts ta por she gum int mouth. (scraaming,) Banttitt _ . Soot pauses, ooh Do you vant ta poison yourself? You \mow anything found on the Radley placa is chock full of poison. You know anybody eats sven a pacan that falis off their tree is pofisonad, Scout drops the gun. scI0T (tonehed by hia concert} Thank you for xeeping me frem being - poisoned, Jem.
3) 64) dialog: That's all right.
3) 73) text: EXD. THE RADLEY HZCUSS, SIDEWALZ aND YARD They come to the sidewsik and Jem stops end looks st tos Radley boose. Dill end Scout stand baside him, locking, t MED. SHOT - DILL, Scout, JaM
3) 75) dialog: We'ss going to peep im the window of the Radlay mouse to ase 17 we oun gay # look at Boo Radley. Scour Jom, please, I'm scarsd.
3) 81) text: EXT, BACK FENCE OF THE rapLEY LOT Tha fence saclosea a Llerge gerden. Jem, Scout end Ditl c Tt. Jem belds tre sottom wire up and motions to Dill to e ander, He does so, Yeaut follows, Theo Scout solids up th wive for Jem. It ‘ia a vary tight squeeze for aim, but ne Baneges to moke it.
3) 82) dialog: (woisperiag) Now don't make = sound.
3) 83) text: The children cautiousiy approach the house. Poor Seaut ig intimidated oy Jem's warning that sha barely moves 5» ste mincts, end tien when sme looks up and sees Jem quite @ d tence ahead, sme begins ta move faster. EXT. RADLEY EBACE Gate They reach the gata woich divides the garden from thea ha yard. Jem souchas *t. The gute squeaks, GROUP SHOT - DILL, ScoUr, sam
3) 85) dialog: Seb. Spit soma more. Thay try to muster up mora spit, and then Jom opens =ne g Slowly, 2iftang it asida and resving it on tha fence.
4) 5) text: They ¢ruas the yard end go to the back porch. Jem puts si foot on the bottom step, the step SQUEAKS, Es stands stil then “vies bis weight by degreas, The step is SILEVT. Jem skips two steps, puts bis fact on the porch, beaves himse to it, and taaters a long moment. He cegains bis balance dzops on bis knees. He crawis to the window, raises bis h and looks ta. Stout suddenly looks up and sees a shadow,. is the shadew of a maz. The back porch is bathed in moonl and the shadow, crisp as toast, moves across tha porca to Jer, Dill sees tc naxt, Se pits ois bends to ris face, Th ahadow crosses Jem, Jem sees it, be puts bis arms over xi head and goes rigid, The shadow stops abour a Poot bevocd Its ams come out from its sida, drop and ars still, Trac turns and moves back across Jam, walks along cha sorch go the side of the bousa, recurming as it bad com. Jem leaps off the porch an¢ gallops toward Seqm+ and Dili. =e fliag open the gate anc pustes Dilt end Secut through, pussing through the collards. Scout trips. As she triva «« coM Qur back yard... durry, Scouz,
5) 0) text: Jem Solds ths Sottom wire, Scout and Dill reli chreuszh, 69
5) 14) dialog: So lang, Dill runs acrosa the driveway and climba tre fence into Miss Stephanie's yard, .
5) 15) dialog: 
5) 16) dialog: I'm gofng cack after my pants, Seout. . Scour Oh please, Jam. Come on in the house.
5) 17) dialog: I can't ga in the house witheur my pants. He starts to ga. scour I'm going to call Atticus. Now shut upt Jew grabs her coilar and wrenches 1+ tight. Jan Scout, Atticus ain't ever whipped me since I can remember. I want to keep it that way. scour (choking) Then I'u gotng with you.
5) 18) dialog: Ne, you ain't. You wait bere. I'™21 De back before you can count to Sen. Seout watches Jem vault over the low fence and ¢tsarnear the high bushes, She starts counting. scour 1-2-3- ku ‘oO 71-c 7l-5 2919 - Changes 2/8/62 EXt. FOICH FRONT PaRCH Atticua stands at the front deor, calling:
6) 5) text: CAMERA HOLDS an Scant and Jem. They look at seach ather. bs starts for tha house. Séout follows. is shey climb the steps Jem locks hack over bia shoulder toward the Radley 72 thou 8 86CHITTED 7
7) 0) text: Atticus stands at the front door, calling: - atricous Jem...Seout...Coma on in. Right now. EXT, FINCH Back YARD scorz . (counting) - 8 2 lol -W-136- O.S. SOUND G SHOTGUN BLAST. Seout stands there stunned, Suddenly she shuts her eyes a presses her hands aver her aars. She lacks a3 if she's ah to scream. At that moment Jem bursts throvga the bushes a jumps the fence crashing inta Scaut, scour Jem! Jew. claps his band over her mouth. Shhbhh: ax He begins to frantically puli om bis pants.
8) 0) text: Cal comes back I¥ and Scout FOLLOWS, siti stserucie enc a Jem sees her,
8) 2) dialog: Took at Scout. He ts about to make a comment and langh, but Miss Maucia him a poke.
8) 11) text: Come on, Jem starts out, Scout follows him. Missa Maudie, Attious Celpurnia go an far as the screen door with thez. Scout a Jem go out the serwen door,
8) 46) text: 52 #igls ay Ext, ScEDOL YARD Scout sees Waiter Cunningham standing it the school yard. erabs hin, throws bia down and begins to rub bis nose in dirt. Jem comes ronming up and pulls her off, Ta Cut that out, Scout. What do you think you're doing? You're biggern’ © be is. scout Fe's almost a5 cid 2a you. Besices, he made me start off on the wrong foot. I was tryin' to explain va ¢heat damm laty teacher why he didn't have oo money for 4s lunch ard she Bot sore at me. Waltar has picked himself up and svands with fis fists ha cocked, Jem looks htm over, JEx Your daddy Mr. Walter Cunningham frou Old Sarum? Walter mods nts head “yes.” «JEM Com= on home and heve dimer with us, Walter, We'd be glad to herve jou. Walter's face trighteos, then darkens. To Our daddy's a friend of your daddy's. Scout kere is srazy, sne won't fight you any more. Do you like butter beams? Our Calts a geod cock, Walter stands biting his lip, thinking, mrt net answering
8) 47) text: as Jem end Scout start on, Walter rons up to them,
8) 56) dialog: - How long you had a gun?
10) 13) dialog: {calling to Yom, Jr.} Would you tell oy daddy to come cut here, please. Tom, Jr, rams inte the house.
10) 22) dialog: Yes, ain. They drive cn, leaving tha drunken fury of a man shouting the darimass.
12) 3) dialog: fcalling) © JAtticus, Atticus, Atvicus. Jem vung @ while lenser, past the Radley oex, caliing "At Atticus." He realices it is futile and stops. 124 125 126 128 #1g9ts - Changes 2/12/62 5 GLOSE SHOT - Jam - NIGHT He freezes. He sees something in the imcthole of the cak where Scout found the gum. It is gleaming and reflecting moonlight. He steps, looks around, ‘and aticky his hand i Jmothole afd takes cut a | Shany necal, He quickly puts t Bis pocket. err. SIDEWALE - MOVING SHOT - HiGET jem >00s past tha Hadley house, into nés.yard and inta th
12) 14) text: While ba is kneeling, Scout glances around at the oak and two figures carved aut of soap in the kmotkole, “ 3ccuT Lack, Jam, She points to the figures and gets close beside Him and p at vhenm, scouT Think they'ra poison? Jit wea. scour Why not? Ta T got my reasons. He tenderly takea Swo soup figures cut of sie knotbols, o is the figure of a Soy, the othar wears a crude drags, scour ieokea here, Jem, tha doy has hair in front of his egebrows Like you do, on ia
12) 15) dialog: And the girl wears banes lixe rou, * These are us. scour Let's show thom to Atticus, gee 335 136 oa ‘ 137 q atk
12) 20) dialog: Dear sir. We eppreciate the -- Yo, We appreciete everything woich you Rave gut in tha tree for us, Yours very truly, Jareny Atticus Fioch, scour He won't mow who you are if sou Sign it live trat, Tem Jem srases his namas an? writes: “Jem Fineh." Ee sands to Paper to Scout aud she sigma: "Jean Louise Pinen (Scour), They sake the letter anc GO Yunnisg OUT. EXT. SDDEWALZ 2Y RADLEY 2aK TREE Mr. Radley is by the oak tree. Ee is cementing up the kno cole, Jem and Scout COME UP with the letter.
12) 24) dialog: Why ate you dotn' that, air?
12) 26) dialog: Yes, siz.
12) 30) dialog: Yes, sir. Jem moves over tc the window, He seems very puzzled, scour Atticus, how long de I have to keep that promise not to fight?
12) 32) text: It. J5M'S Room Jem is thert om his bed with his cigar bor, Seaus COMES [ ths roc. Scoct Tou meow what atticus aude mo Prumise? Hs made mo -- She sees the scac figures, stops, thao s0tices tha cigar and she gues toward the bed. soorr . dom, what do you have in thet box?
12) 33) dialog: If I show you, wlll you never tall anybad7? She shakes her bead “no,” Ze opens thse box. CLOSE SHOT - 3cOUT, JEM Taney look {nto the box. He opens ths top, There is a spe medal, a pécket watch, some gennies, a broken pockatimifs takes the medal cut and holds 46 up for Scout to see. Sha wide-eyed. Jaa T found all these io the knothole of that tree at differant times. This is a spalling medal that they used to award in school to speliing wine Dera befors we ware born. Acd an- Osher day I found thig «= (holda up the pocket watch} - &ud this-~ (heids up she pockstknife) and Scout, you know somethiz! alse I never told you about tra sight I west Dack tc the. Hadlay's? scour . Somethin’ alse. You've nevay told me anything about that night.
12) 34) dialog: Well, when I got there...wall, I rae member vhec I ves getting out of my breaches, the first tims they was all in a tangle, and I cauldy't zat them loase. And yet. wen IF went back shez CcOVPINTIO 42 143 #2gte 55 CoNTITSD JEM (Conttd} were folded across tha fence like they was oxpectin' ma. And somethin’ alsa, Thor bad teen sowed up where I'd tore them, Wot like-a lady sewed them, but all creokad, ike somethin!’ T'd tey to da, scout Gan T bold something? , ie Sure. . Sbe reaches in and takes the watch. CLOSE SHOT - ScoUT , Sha {3 looking at the watch. She {e guggle-eyed. Jem bold She soap figures of the boy add girl he found im the knot CAMBER PUGLS INTO CLOSE Sag? of thes TWO SoaP SICURES.
13) 0) text: Zarly tn February. Seaat ma Sem cons by. Taey are using Sticks as guns. . . TASTY Loviss'3 volce Christmas came and vas gore, oom had a birthday. Gtherriss, the time was quiet and uneventful until one day eerily fn Fobruary, Jem and =I dacided to go bunting, She and Jom have stopped. She watcha Jem for a beat. scour What are you looking at? Tau That old dog down yonder.
13) 8) dialog: 3e’s sone lopatded. REVERSE 4NGIZ - MOVING SzOT Calpnrwis goats ths childrea ty their shoulders and start 2 Punting tome. DISsoDva To int, KITCHEN CGalpuroia acd the children 309 Ty. She goes to the telep SHCUTIMG in bar exsitement, but firat, she closes tha omt door, CaLPUR Ta (iam recetrar} Give me Mr, Finch'a office, {a pause} My. Finch, this ia Cal. I swaar to Gad, timre's = mad dog dow the atpeet apinca. e's comin! this ver, yea, sir, hea 4s, Mr, Phoch, = declares be is. Gld Tim sehnson. Yas, air, Tas, air, Yea. She hangs up and 34fTLS the phone agaiz. CALPURNTa Miss Sule May. No, Malam, I'm through talxin' to Mr. Finck. Please don't comnsct m no moms. Listen, Miss Zula May, can you tell Miss Maudte and Miss Svepcanie Crawford end uho~ ever's got a ohote on this street end tall 'em a mad dog's comin’? Please, Me! am, (a pause; she listens tc Miss Eula May) I knew is's Fearuary, Miss Tula May, but I imow a mad dog woen I a¢a ona, Please, Ma'am, Surry.
13) 12) text: into tha ¢rite- T3UT, Tate Jem Coens tie
13) 27) dialog: Nothin',
13) 30) dialog: Yea, sir,
13) 36) dialog: (shouting back deftantly) Because he's brave and hecause he's she best shot in Maycomb County and dacause —
13) 39) dialog: Mes. Dubose, ma'am -—
13) 43) text: Don't, Jem, She'll ttl you, Jem, she has that piatel, you know, that «= With great violence, Jem takes the stick and cuts off the of every camelliz bush in the yard. The yard is littered green buds and leaves. There igs a SCREAM from Mrs. Duhos she sees what is happening. .
13) 44) dialog: 
14) 9) text: But she wants we to do 1t fora month, aTriccs Then you'll da tt far a month, Jem. DISSCLYZ To
14) 22) dialog: (looking at clock) 4A quartar to three,
14) 25) dialog: I can't promounce it.
14) 27) dialog: Yes'm, R-2-L-U-C-T-a-N-T ta the several sties, with din 0-5B-S-T-R-z- P-E.R-0-U-§ and ungrateful cries, PISSGLVS To 171 172 173 -1 a
14) 28) text: Int, MES. DUBOSE'S RCOM The clock says 4:25. Jem is reading.
14) 29) text: She lays back on the hed, the quilts up to her chin, oniy head and shoulders ars visible. Fer head begina te nove alowly from side to side, She begins from time to time to open her mouth wide, and her tongue undulates faintly, ce of Saltva collect on her lips, she draws them is, then on her mouth again. Her mouh Seems ta have a private existen or its own, Iv works separate and apart frem the rest of out and in, like a clam hole at low tide. Occasionally, i saya "pt," like some vicious substance coming to a boil, Sequt pulis at Jem's sleeve. He looks up at Scout and the at the ded. Her head makes its regular sweep towards them
15) 0) text: The children are there, close to ber bed, Jem is stail re *Ivanboe.” .
15) 1) dialog: "On the lower step af the throne the Champton was made to kneel down. Indeed this whole action, since the fight had ended, seemed rather to have been upon the --" There ig a ENCCE on the dcor,
15) 10) text: I have a faeling Jem's days are tumbered, Mrs. Dubase.
15) 26) dialog: Yeastir.
15) 28) dialog: Yessir, Jem GOES <¢ the window and ieoks ont, Seaut foing him, Atticus goes to them and puts his arms around chem.
16) 10) dialog: Where has be been?
16) 19) dialog: (interrupting) Bill, bow aid you get here?
17) 28) text: Ext, TEE COURTHOUSE SQUARE - CHLGDREN'S POTN OF VIEW They see four'dusty cars coms IN’ from the Meridian Fighw moving slowly, ina lina, They go around the Squara, pass Bank Building and step in froit of the jail. Wobedy gets atticua loaka up from bis newspaper, closes it, deliberat folds it, drops it in his lap, and pushes bis hat ts tha of bis bead. Hs seems to be expacting tha meno. GHOU? SHCT = scouT - JEM - DILL JEx (woispering}° Comm om. Follow ma. MOVING S8CT - ScCUr - JEM - DILL Theyrun acresz tha Square, a¢rosa the street, Thar take r Tor e momant ina store dacr, They peer out at Atticns wai at the jail, : cM (wht sparing) Cems on, Careful, Wa can get closer. They scurry down tha street to the doorway cf Tyndal's Ha Stora. They pesr cut, watching.
18) 6) text: @m wh CcnTINTED . ATTTCUs Thought about it bat dicn's believes it. Well, then, that changes things -Gooan't it? Ex, DCORWAT OF HARDWARE STOHE - GROUP SHOT : DLLL, Scout and Jam. Scout turns to her brotger. scour Tocantt gee Atvieus., Come om. Let's go wheres we. can watch bim. She darts cut towards the men, Dill bebtad ner, hefors se reach ont and grab them, MOVING SEof . / Scoxt and 2; Jem beriad chem. They rum to the men and sus themseivres through tham until they reach Atticus. “sear Hey, Atticus. . Sbe smiles up at Bim, tut wher'she catchas the ook of fea bis faces, she Sécomes Insecure, Seout looks-a>cund at sh surrounding Ser, Thase are strangers to har, cotintry man the min she jaw'on her porch, Atticus gets up from his ch and begins to move slowly, Like en old mic, toward tnem.
18) 7) text: GROUP Sao? - a@Ticus - Jam - Scour - DILL - aTTTcus Go hom, Jem, Take Seout and Dill home, Scont Looks up at Jam, She seas fe is not thinking cf ies
18) 13) dialog: Wo, sir. . : ‘ aPrress Fleasa, Jem. I teil you T ain's goin’... CAMERA PULLS BACK TO MED, SHOT. As Scout becemas bored by excoange, she ioaks back at the man. She sees aA man she sizes. She moves toward hin. scour: Zey, Mz, Cunningham.., Walter Cuntiagtam does act seem to hear he 3cqur I said, hey, Mr. Cunninghen. How's your sntailmsnt gettin’ aleng?
20) 0) text: It is deserted, as everyone is inside watching she tral. Seout, Jem anc Dill come into the yard. They stand look+n up at the courthouge,
20) 1) dialog: Come on, They ali start towards the entrance.
20) 5) dialog: Conlé we go with you? Every seas 4s taken down here and they're Standing all zlong the back.
20) 27) text: Jen is leaning over ths railing. , It. COURTROCM - JEM'S -POLNT OF VIEW The Clerk teom outr
20) 117) dialog: He's gote over all the evidence. We're gonta win, Scout. TI don't . sea how we can't, He made tt plain bal easy...like I'd a explained it you. 255 fisis - Changes 4/3/62 2a INT. COURTROOM ~ CLOSE SHOT - aTTICcus ATTicus Gantlemen, I pould like te ue mr Pemaining time you to remind you! that this case ia not a difficult one. we seo the furcrs from Atticust: #.0.¥., They watch with emotion. These are the feces of farmers = Lined and cerew BACK TO ATTICUS = As be talks he looks‘intc the eyes of t af the jury es if to find oma ta encourege bim. . atTicts To begin with, this case aboold never have com to trial, The State has " got produced one Lote af medical eri- - -'  demee ta the effect thet the crime “Tete Rebinsan {x charged with erer teok'place. It bas relied instead Upon the testimeny af tac witnesser whose evidence has uct only been called into serious question on oross examination, but hes been flatly con- tradiuted ty the defemiant. There ia etrcummtantial evidence to indicate that Mayelle Ewell vas beaten savagely by someone: who. led almost erclusivaly with-bis left...and Tom Robinson now xits before you with the anly good band hw possesses...his tight hand. I have nothing but pity in ay beart ‘Yor the chief witness for the state, She is the victim of crual poverty and i, ance - but my pity does not yo far as ta hex pubting « men'a life at atake which she bas _@ene in an effort to get rid of her own guilt. I aay moilt, gentlemen, " because it was guilt that motivated ber, She has damitted oo crime, she bas merely brokac a rigid and time— Ronored coda of ow sotiety, = code a9 seers that ubcever breaks {tt ia honaded from our midst as unfit te liva-with. She mst demtroy the avidence cf her offense. What was the evidence of her offanss? Tom Robinson, a nbmman being. 3ha must pot ‘Pom Eobinsog ater from har. Tom Robinson was ber daily reminder of
20) 133) text: #1919 / - uz Iyt. COLORED BALCONY = CLCSZ SHOT - SCouT, JEM Thay heva shut their eyes from excitement.
21) 23) text: : aTTicos No, san, I think I'd better go ont atone. ; : Be starts for bis yard, Jem aterte after him. -~
21) 24) text: . Atticus, Itm coming with you. : aTricus ‘ All right. som. Come on, ' Be waits for Jom to catch up with him, Misa Mandie, Sco I Dill are maidled togethsr, watching then go. . DISSOLYE To 268 EXT. TOM ROBINSON'S HOUSE « Tice Tho house i9 dark and ‘quiet aa are all tte little nouses Spanca, Tom's Tather, sits on the atepa of the house, Att and Jem drive up to the house, He stops the car and gets uF : : CONTINUED 4 268 263
21) 57) dialog: Geay. They've gone now, Letts go. Be takes her by the hand, picks up her dress, and they st EXT. , OVfS IDE It is black dark out here.
21) 58) dialog: Bera, Scout, let me hold on to your back, You might lose yorr balance,
21) 78) dialog: (Semmes) Ren, Sacctt Runt fun She takes. a big step and she reels. She can't keep her b in the dark. : &c (iy terrer) Tem, telp mel Help mel
22) 4) text: Imp. THE HALL OF tat PINCH HOUSE . Cal anc Scout COME If. Attieus is ut tha phote, articas Heck? atticus Finch. Someone's been after my children. Jam's hort. Between bere and the schoolhouse, , Dean't leave my tey. Hm out here, please, and see if he's stilt arcun, Thanks, Heck. . Ee bangs up. He goose to Scout. . scout Attions, ia Jem coad? . aPPrcus Wo, Scout, Lack after her, Cal. Be runs down the ball towards Jen’s roam. Cal begins to u Scout end get her cut of the costume. CALFUHNTA . are you sare you're all right? scour Sure. She ia free of the contumr now and begins to rub her litt IT. : . s Cal, is Jem dead?
22) 32) text: -Attiens pushes up his glasses and presses his fingers to eyer. . &TTICUS. T can’t rameuber if*Jem 1a ten or gleven, Anyway, it will com before tha County cours. Of course, it was @ Gleer out cause of self-defense, I'll bere ta go to the offices and boot up ==
23) 0) text: Atticus is there, sitting beside Jem's bed. scorT Haas Jom weked up yett