0) 2) text: scout (yelling ovar) Goed morning, Miss Maudis --
0) 20) dialog: So what?
0) 30) text: Ne. Scout Well, if he's not dead, you've got one, haven't you? Dill blushes,
0) 66) text: corTowvED He prstends he 1s staboing them. Scout and Dit SCERAM and Tun OFF. DISS S To
1) 0) dialog: Ie's almost five o'clock fn the afsernoot. Thay are playi Follow-the-Leader. Jem-is leading, Ze, at this aonment, i ing handwaprings and Scout {5 following, O11 is halteacva ta fellow but is aot able to etesuse them. Jem then suns She Sree house, climbs ap, stands for a Deat and atarcs d Scout starts ta tackle the tras. Jam rama fox She front s welk, Scout behizd him, Di1S baking her, saving avoided c ize the tree, In the diztanes, wa ERA the town cloak stri Sateen Jz It's five e'cisck. He starts to rum out of the yard.
1) 3) dialog: tCanse Jem daea,
1) 8) dialog: Hey, Mrs. Dubcae, CLOSE TwO SHUT - MRS. DUBCSE, JeSSiE
2) 30) text: Gocd night, Scout. scour Good mizht, Oo ta
2) 38) dialog: Was Mama oice?
2) 87) dialog: (scornfully} Ivld tell you, you're wasting your breath, Dill. He's scared and f don't blame hin. ANGLE WIDENS as Scout gets Sire and siaps it back to them scorr Let’s roll in tha tire,
2) 88) text: All right. Jem takes hold of the tire and Scout gets inside of 15. ‘ she 13 inside, Jem suddenly pushes Lt with all his aight. JzM That'il teach you to call me scared, He pushes the tire down the sidewalk with all che force o body. Ft leaves the sidewalx, gues across the gravel road the sidewalk in front of the Hadley piace, through the ga up the Radley sidewalk, “its the steps of thea porch and over on its sida, Dill and Jem watch thia with naipiess t When the tire has stopped, Scout, dizzy and sauseated, an unaware of where she 48, iies on the ground. sEM {T=LLING franti- faliy) Scout, Scout, Get away from there, Scout, come oan,
3) 0) text: Scout ratses her head and sees where she 1a. She 45 frace with terror.
3) 6) text: He starts OUT of the yard. Seout and Jem reluctantly FOLL DESscLve Te sq 453 ah e sa Be w io in THE COURTHCUSE SQpan= - MED, SECT A group of FOUR IDLERS sit lewnging under scme “ive oak t They watch with eagle eye whatever happens on tha Square in the courthouse. Dill, followed by Scout and Jem, come by them, Qne of the men, HIRAM TOWNSEND, recognizes Scout and Jam, is in bis seventies and is drassed in work clothes. - HiRam If you're looking for your dadds, he's inside the ¢ourthouse. scout Thank you, but we're not lookin' for -- vem gives her a yank and a look and she shuts up ane they
3) 48) text: as [iil and Scout follow bine
3) 63) text: w ow foto}. pap 901-0] scour Wrigley’s Doublemint. i found it in thera, She points to the knot hole and starts ta por she gum int mouth. (scraaming,) Banttitt _ . Soot pauses, ooh Do you vant ta poison yourself? You \mow anything found on the Radley placa is chock full of poison. You know anybody eats sven a pacan that falis off their tree is pofisonad, Scout drops the gun. scI0T (tonehed by hia concert} Thank you for xeeping me frem being - poisoned, Jem.
3) 71) text: Tas boys start to go out of Miss Steprante's yard, Sceut a7 EX?. THE SDOFWaALE « MOVING Sz0T Tasy wale down the sidewalk silently, Scout foliotng, The can FEAR the PORCH SWINGS creaking wich the waight of the meighberhood, and the aight MURMUHS of cha grewn people o street, Occasionally, Miss Stepbamte's LAUGH ‘5s HmAAD.
3) 73) text: EXD. THE RADLEY HZCUSS, SIDEWALZ aND YARD They come to the sidewsik and Jem stops end looks st tos Radley boose. Dill end Scout stand baside him, locking, t MED. SHOT - DILL, Scout, JaM
3) 81) text: EXT, BACK FENCE OF THE rapLEY LOT Tha fence saclosea a Llerge gerden. Jem, Scout end Ditl c Tt. Jem belds tre sottom wire up and motions to Dill to e ander, He does so, Yeaut follows, Theo Scout solids up th wive for Jem. It ‘ia a vary tight squeeze for aim, but ne Baneges to moke it.
4) 5) text: They ¢ruas the yard end go to the back porch. Jem puts si foot on the bottom step, the step SQUEAKS, Es stands stil then “vies bis weight by degreas, The step is SILEVT. Jem skips two steps, puts bis fact on the porch, beaves himse to it, and taaters a long moment. He cegains bis balance dzops on bis knees. He crawis to the window, raises bis h and looks ta. Stout suddenly looks up and sees a shadow,. is the shadew of a maz. The back porch is bathed in moonl and the shadow, crisp as toast, moves across tha porca to Jer, Dill sees tc naxt, Se pits ois bends to ris face, Th ahadow crosses Jem, Jem sees it, be puts bis arms over xi head and goes rigid, The shadow stops abour a Poot bevocd Its ams come out from its sida, drop and ars still, Trac turns and moves back across Jam, walks along cha sorch go the side of the bousa, recurming as it bad com. Jem leaps off the porch an¢ gallops toward Seqm+ and Dili. =e fliag open the gate anc pustes Dilt end Secut through, pussing through the collards. Scout trips. As she triva «« coM Qur back yard... durry, Scouz,
5) 0) text: Jem Solds ths Sottom wire, Scout and Dill reli chreuszh, 69
5) 3) text: Dill and Scout run ou. dalfway te their back yers, tMey s that Jam is not with them.
8) 0) text: Cal comes back I¥ and Scout FOLLOWS, siti stserucie enc a Jem sees her,
8) 7) dialog: x'o trying to. She takes a few half-hearted aites, then she gets up.
8) 8) dialog: I'a ready.
8) 11) text: Come on, Jem starts out, Scout follows him. Missa Maudie, Attious Celpurnia go an far as the screen door with thez. Scout a Jem go out the serwen door,
8) 46) text: 52 #igls ay Ext, ScEDOL YARD Scout sees Waiter Cunningham standing it the school yard. erabs hin, throws bia down and begins to rub bis nose in dirt. Jem comes ronming up and pulls her off, Ta Cut that out, Scout. What do you think you're doing? You're biggern’ © be is. scout Fe's almost a5 cid 2a you. Besices, he made me start off on the wrong foot. I was tryin' to explain va ¢heat damm laty teacher why he didn't have oo money for 4s lunch ard she Bot sore at me. Waltar has picked himself up and svands with fis fists ha cocked, Jem looks htm over, JEx Your daddy Mr. Walter Cunningham frou Old Sarum? Walter mods nts head “yes.” «JEM Com= on home and heve dimer with us, Walter, We'd be glad to herve jou. Walter's face trighteos, then darkens. To Our daddy's a friend of your daddy's. Scout kere is srazy, sne won't fight you any more. Do you like butter beams? Our Calts a geod cock, Walter stands biting his lip, thinking, mrt net answering
8) 47) text: as Jem end Scout start on, Walter rons up to them,
8) 70) text: (interrupting) Scout. . Scour What? CaLPURSTA (she 1a furious) . You march im that kitchen. I want . to talk to you, Scout eyes her suapiciously, seea she is in no mood ¢o be with, and goes out to the kitchen, Calpurnmia stalks afte 95 Int. ELTCHEN Scout ENTEHS, faliowed by Celpurmta.
9) 0) text: Sha ts crying. amTcus (9.3.)} Scout. Seout, She hears her father end comtrols her erying. ANGLE WIDEN Atticus comes up to Scout.
9) 10) text: Mow, wait a minute, If you can learn @ Single trick, Scout, you'll gat _ along a lot better with all icinds of folxs. You never really understand a Berson until you consider things fron bis poiov of view, scorr Sir?
11) 0) text: Atticus carttes Scout toward the howse, an Caipurnia COME from the kitchen, “ AETICUS If you'll wett until I can get Scout tn bed, Cal, I'll drive you ome.
12) 0) text: Atticus COMES Lf wits Scout and starts to uadress Sar.
12) 4) text: EXT. TEE SCHOOL GROJND - Dat It'is a véry cold morning and the childven ars dressed in Rats, etc. GROce SHOT - SCCUL aD SOME CHILDREN They are playing munbiety pes, A boy, CECLE JAcCCES, who Scovt's age, comes up to the group and gives her a shove. cecIL . Deutt play with her. Her daddy defends niggers. . “7 gcenTt You take that back, . cECIL _Twont't, Your dadey'a low down -- - (z} Seout Lights into him and thay begin a rough fight. The c children gather around and tegin YELLING, egging then om. COMES INTO the group and pulls Scout cff Cecil.
12) 13) dialog: What ars vou doing? vEM g Walling like an Egyptian, We wera gtudring about them tn Jchool. Teacher says we wouldn't ba no place Without them. scour Ta that so? geo 9 #2915 13h 9 MOVIME SHOT - SCOUT, JEM She begins to try to imitate nis walk. They go towerds ti Radleys. Jam The cradle of civilization. They imvented embalming and wolilet paper. He sees her imitatiox. Ze stops amd goes 2 Hay, imaals an takes bar feat. vam . That's wrong, Scout. ‘Tou do your feet this way. -He taken her feet and tries to fix them. He ts ‘meeling front of the Radley oak tree wlth she knothole.
12) 14) text: While ba is kneeling, Scout glances around at the oak and two figures carved aut of soap in the kmotkole, “ 3ccuT Lack, Jam, She points to the figures and gets close beside Him and p at vhenm, scouT Think they'ra poison? Jit wea. scour Why not? Ta T got my reasons. He tenderly takea Swo soup figures cut of sie knotbols, o is the figure of a Soy, the othar wears a crude drags, scour ieokea here, Jem, tha doy has hair in front of his egebrows Like you do, on ia
12) 27) text: fam seems withdrawn and dejected. He starts Gown the stre toward his house, then starts running. Scout runs after h
13) 4) text: é 1 N. zac ms 46 Scout That's old Tim Johnsen, ain't 4t? Weat's he doing?
14) 29) text: She lays back on the hed, the quilts up to her chin, oniy head and shoulders ars visible. Fer head begina te nove alowly from side to side, She begins from time to time to open her mouth wide, and her tongue undulates faintly, ce of Saltva collect on her lips, she draws them is, then on her mouth again. Her mouh Seems ta have a private existen or its own, Iv works separate and apart frem the rest of out and in, like a clam hole at low tide. Occasionally, i saya "pt," like some vicious substance coming to a boil, Sequt pulis at Jem's sleeve. He looks up at Scout and the at the ded. Her head makes its regular sweep towards them
15) 9) dialog: Why do you set that alarm clock far a different time every day, Mrs. Tubase? You keep setving it later and later. : Atticus puta his hand on her head.
16) 3) text: I said put him in the-grasa, Scout sighs, picks up tha small bug and puts 1+ in the gr : Scour Why caentt © just mash Sim? -
17) 28) text: Ext, TEE COURTHOUSE SQUARE - CHLGDREN'S POTN OF VIEW They see four'dusty cars coms IN’ from the Meridian Fighw moving slowly, ina lina, They go around the Squara, pass Bank Building and step in froit of the jail. Wobedy gets atticua loaka up from bis newspaper, closes it, deliberat folds it, drops it in his lap, and pushes bis hat ts tha of bis bead. Hs seems to be expacting tha meno. GHOU? SHCT = scouT - JEM - DILL JEx (woispering}° Comm om. Follow ma. MOVING S8CT - ScCUr - JEM - DILL Theyrun acresz tha Square, a¢rosa the street, Thar take r Tor e momant ina store dacr, They peer out at Atticns wai at the jail, : cM (wht sparing) Cems on, Careful, Wa can get closer. They scurry down tha street to the doorway cf Tyndal's Ha Stora. They pesr cut, watching.
18) 6) text: @m wh CcnTINTED . ATTTCUs Thought about it bat dicn's believes it. Well, then, that changes things -Gooan't it? Ex, DCORWAT OF HARDWARE STOHE - GROUP SHOT : DLLL, Scout and Jam. Scout turns to her brotger. scour Tocantt gee Atvieus., Come om. Let's go wheres we. can watch bim. She darts cut towards the men, Dill bebtad ner, hefors se reach ont and grab them, MOVING SEof . / Scoxt and 2; Jem beriad chem. They rum to the men and sus themseivres through tham until they reach Atticus. “sear Hey, Atticus. . Sbe smiles up at Bim, tut wher'she catchas the ook of fea bis faces, she Sécomes Insecure, Seout looks-a>cund at sh surrounding Ser, Thase are strangers to har, cotintry man the min she jaw'on her porch, Atticus gets up from his ch and begins to move slowly, Like en old mic, toward tnem.
19) 0) text: - DAY oF TSE TStan Tne next morming, pecpie ars coming from 411 parts of the for tha trial, It is like Saturday. Wegens carrying caunt people on tha way tc the cria2 scream past the house, Som ride horseback. Scout, Jam and D421 sit om she curb cf =h walk wetching the wagons and the horses go Dy.
20) 116) dialog: How long has he been at it?
20) 133) text: #1919 / - uz Iyt. COLORED BALCONY = CLCSZ SHOT - SCouT, JEM Thay heva shut their eyes from excitement.
21) 46) text: Baycomb County — "Ad Astra Fer Thet meana - "Prom the mid to the Stars.” a (Bast OOM BOOMS) The audience APPLAUDS. A men dressed-as an Indien bumps i Scout. - / save ont Don't O8 ae up the entrance, honey! Be pushes her aside. Scout crashes into & woman wearing 2 . BOY's VorcE {0.5.) Cimon back here, Scout. . Ota . Saba, “ Scout. stumbles through the crowd of adults and joins t dren dressed in costumes representing COTTON, CORN, SEEF, PEAMUTS, etc... . . . ITSSOLVE To
21) 51) text: " Miew Stephanie's voice ropeata “Pork,” @ little more de this tims. There is another DRUM ROLL, Thea cto final "Po DRUM ROLL, and the bent goes CRASHING into « LOUD version _ Dixis," Misa Stephanie comes running. She sees the sleeping Scout Angrily she shakes her. x nope poatre seelte Ty aaa 6 Fou're sa) Ct mung lady. Yon have ruined ny pagean, Scout jumps up, locking tewildered, Misa Stephanie stalic of the room, .
21) 52) dialog: although most of her face is biddan by her costume, we sh feel by tha slump of her hedy that she feels miserable. A WIDENS as Jem comes rumiing into the room.
21) 60) text: They atart ecross the black scheolyard, They move Siowly, ° thay get hal? way across, Scout atops,. _ oor Fem, L forget my shoes.
21) 71) dialog: I'm gonna ist bim know we know he's bebind us. (abe yells) Cecil Juscha is a big wet hen. They atop. There iz not # sound, except the word H-«-E.E peverbermting on the schocl house wall. (wit spe Scout, cam you take that off scour I think so, tut I aintt got anything ox under it mech, Jzx Deve gaz your dresa here. ‘ SCOUT T can't get it on in ths dari. ceMt Okey, Hever mind, Scour vam, are you afraid? vm Ba, Think we're almost to the tree ‘pow. Few yards from that, an‘ wafli be to the road. We can see the street lights then. : scour You rsckon we ought to sing?
22) 0) text: It de piteh dark. A form descends on her and grabs ber an falls to the eround and rolis, Prom nearby, she can BEAR PLING, EICEING SOUNDS, SOUNDS of SHOES and FLESE SCRAPING and ROOTS. Jam rolis against ber end is up like lightning Scoct with tim but she ts so entangled by the costums ‘they can't get very far, They are nearly to the road whe leaves her. There is more seuffling and a DULL CRUNCHING SOUND and Scout screams. She sees a MAN'S FORM and runs i it, bitting tis stomich with ber head. Ye seys “tr? and g her. Suddenly, he is forked backward end Scout ig dpugged him; then she is released, She can seo Sothing agein now the darkness. $40 HEARS the SCUPPLING slowly DYING AWAY a then silence, Then abs HEARS a BEAVT, Som S3ac0NG couUGE. scout (culling) Jen. There ia ne answar but a MAN'S SEAVY BREATHING, scour (calling again) Jen,
22) 3) dialog: Shs crossas to their front yard. va FEAR Calpurnia call: “Herets Scout." Calpurnta COMES hurrying OUY of the house down tha steps and towarda Scout, Scour (calling out) Tlm all right, Cal. Cal tekes her by the arm and they start for the house, 288
22) 4) text: Imp. THE HALL OF tat PINCH HOUSE . Cal anc Scout COME If. Attieus is ut tha phote, articas Heck? atticus Finch. Someone's been after my children. Jam's hort. Between bere and the schoolhouse, , Dean't leave my tey. Hm out here, please, and see if he's stilt arcun, Thanks, Heck. . Ee bangs up. He goose to Scout. . scout Attions, ia Jem coad? . aPPrcus Wo, Scout, Lack after her, Cal. Be runs down the ball towards Jen’s roam. Cal begins to u Scout end get her cut of the costume. CALFUHNTA . are you sare you're all right? scour Sure. She ia free of the contumr now and begins to rub her litt IT. : . s Cal, is Jem dead?
22) 47) text: Asis 2 Det. HALDWAY Seoat and Artou EXTER from Jam's room. Sha leads him to t front door. They atend there. He holda ber bend, (whispering) Will you take me home? scout . “He. Arthur, bend your azmm down bere like that. That's right, ctr. She siipe ber bend inte the crock of his arm. They valk o the front doar. : EXT. FINCH FEOHT PORCH aND SIDEWALK - MOVIBG SHOT ~ BIcHT Thay walk in the yard, up the walk and onto the Hadley po artoor cints the decor knob and goes in, leaving Scont al the pors TRAY LOUISE (¥0) Heigntors ting food with death, and flowers with sickness, and Little things in between. foo vas ou neighbor, He gave ua two soap @olls, & broken watch and chain, a mmife and our lives. One time Atticus aaid you sever really knov 2 man until . you steed in bia shoes apd walked arcund in them. Just standing on the Radley perch was sncugh,