3) 29) text: om #1929 - Changes 2/22/62 s 48 cONTTavaD - EWELG (Comth?d) just ltil bim instead of goin’ for the Sheriff. dared you am the Sheriff and the taxpayers a lot of trouble, att revs - Me. Ewall, if you'll excuse as, I'm tery oUsy, ‘ EXELL Cap'n, somecus told me just now thay thought you deliaved Tem Robinson's story agin curs, I said no, Fou're wrong there. Mr, Finch aintt takiat his stery agin curs. Mr. Finch...- (leeks at Atticus whe Lis syeing him impassivelr) they was wrong, wasn't ther, Mr. Finch? - atTTocos I've been appointad to defend Tom Robingen and now that Eats been Goarged, that's what T intend doing,
3) 81) text: EXT, BACK FENCE OF THE rapLEY LOT Tha fence saclosea a Llerge gerden. Jem, Scout end Ditl c Tt. Jem belds tre sottom wire up and motions to Dill to e ander, He does so, Yeaut follows, Theo Scout solids up th wive for Jem. It ‘ia a vary tight squeeze for aim, but ne Baneges to moke it.
4) 5) text: They ¢ruas the yard end go to the back porch. Jem puts si foot on the bottom step, the step SQUEAKS, Es stands stil then “vies bis weight by degreas, The step is SILEVT. Jem skips two steps, puts bis fact on the porch, beaves himse to it, and taaters a long moment. He cegains bis balance dzops on bis knees. He crawis to the window, raises bis h and looks ta. Stout suddenly looks up and sees a shadow,. is the shadew of a maz. The back porch is bathed in moonl and the shadow, crisp as toast, moves across tha porca to Jer, Dill sees tc naxt, Se pits ois bends to ris face, Th ahadow crosses Jem, Jem sees it, be puts bis arms over xi head and goes rigid, The shadow stops abour a Poot bevocd Its ams come out from its sida, drop and ars still, Trac turns and moves back across Jam, walks along cha sorch go the side of the bousa, recurming as it bad com. Jem leaps off the porch an¢ gallops toward Seqm+ and Dili. =e fliag open the gate anc pustes Dilt end Secut through, pussing through the collards. Scout trips. As she triva «« coM Qur back yard... durry, Scouz,
5) 0) text: Jem Solds ths Sottom wire, Scout and Dill reli chreuszh, 69
10) 5) text: Ts is a small, ngat ncuse anc yard. Tom's SON Jam's are, playing ih the yer¢. attious! car drives up: playizg and watcres the car, HELEN RACEINSON door of tne house. She nas a Stacy it ser a chilfres hang on ‘he: 2s3.° Atticus ceys cus é goes to She corsh, calls ts tne bey:
20) 62) text: og #1919 a gh cOWTENUED - 2 Tom catches it in his right hand. Atticus takes the trier from him, .
20) 77) text: #199 : x ANGLE ~- TOM ROSTysow Tom atanda up amd goes to the wituesa chair. ‘when the Cl cajlz out hia oath, Tom can't manage the Bible with bis b uma, though ha tries twice.
20) 79) text: Were you acquainted with Msyells Viclet Ewell? CLASE ANGLES — TWO SHOT = aTTicUS, TOK Tom Yea, air. I bad ta pass her place goin! to and from the field avery
20) 83) dialog: Wey, yas, mth. I'd tip hat when I'd go by, and ome dey she asked me to com inside the fetce wad bust up a chiffarobe for har.
20) 88) text: * Ba CLASH aHGLE - TWO SHOT = TOM, ATTICUS Tot Me. Fine, I was goin’ home as usual thet evenin', and when I passed the Ewell place, Misa Meyolls wers on the porch, Like she a2{¢ she were, my an! aha saya for me to coms there ant : help hor # minutes, Well, i went inatde ooo: the fence an‘ looked aroun' for some kcindlin’ to work on, tat I dien' sae mena. 4m! she seid now come in the . : house, she hea a door nesds ftxin', | - So I follows her inatde and looked et the coop and I sey to Look all right, an‘ sbe sout ths doar in ay face. ALL tha time I was vonderin'! woy it wes so quist like and it came : ta ma thers waa not 4 child om the Lo placa, m!' I said, Misa Mayella, whare foe children 2 Ant she saya, they @12 ge to town to get ica creamt, She : saya it took her a alap year to save ! seb'a nickels, tut ane done it an! they #11 gons to tow. Tom's bleck, valest skin has begun to shine. He mums his over his face. He is abviqualy very uncemfortable. _ oF CONTINTED da #1gig - Changes 2/12/62 “ XL z COWEIEVED ae : ATTICUS What did you sey then, Tom?
20) 92) text: os . Tom, yulvs sworn to tell sue wicle truth, WHIL you tell it? Tom runs his bend nervously over bis mouth, « ATTICUS Woat happened after toat? i JUDGE . Adawer the qusation.
20) 97) dialog: Tower romin’ sc fast I aida 't maw what happened.
21) 24) text: . Atticus, Itm coming with you. : aTricus ‘ All right. som. Come on, ' Be waits for Jom to catch up with him, Misa Mandie, Sco I Dill are maidled togethsr, watching then go. . DISSOLYE To 268 EXT. TOM ROBINSON'S HOUSE « Tice Tho house i9 dark and ‘quiet aa are all tte little nouses Spanca, Tom's Tather, sits on the atepa of the house, Att and Jem drive up to the house, He stops the car and gets uF : : CONTINUED 4 268 263
21) 63) text: But tomorrow's Sunday, : wz Fou can get the fenitor to let you
22) 0) text: It de piteh dark. A form descends on her and grabs ber an falls to the eround and rolis, Prom nearby, she can BEAR PLING, EICEING SOUNDS, SOUNDS of SHOES and FLESE SCRAPING and ROOTS. Jam rolis against ber end is up like lightning Scoct with tim but she ts so entangled by the costums ‘they can't get very far, They are nearly to the road whe leaves her. There is more seuffling and a DULL CRUNCHING SOUND and Scout screams. She sees a MAN'S FORM and runs i it, bitting tis stomich with ber head. Ye seys “tr? and g her. Suddenly, he is forked backward end Scout ig dpugged him; then she is released, She can seo Sothing agein now the darkness. $40 HEARS the SCUPPLING slowly DYING AWAY a then silence, Then abs HEARS a BEAVT, Som S3ac0NG couUGE. scout (culling) Jen. There ia ne answar but a MAN'S SEAVY BREATHING, scour (calling again) Jen,