30) 0) text: PAN ACROSS people eating. corner table -- Children, parents and, at a Deacon, his nine year old girlfriend, KERRY, her eight ye old friend, DAPHNE...and Napoleon. This is a double date. There is a sudden clamorous RINGING OF BELLS and Napoleon reacts, startled, as a WAITER rushes up with a huge “TROUGH". Napoleon stares as the immense dish of ice crea is set before hin. AS ANOTHER WAITER places a "gag bib" on him, we: cuT TO:
32) 2) text: Behind Napoleon, the kids whisper to each other and giggl planning something. Meanwhile, Napoleon's ball comes back and he bowls again, tossing another gutter. ball. This time he throws a littl fit of poor sportsmanship: stomping his feet, shaking his fist in the air, and then, finally, pounding his fist on the air jet, and hurting his wrist in the process. Trying to ease the pain, Napoleon places his hand inside his coat, thus striking the famous "pose" for the first time. .
32) 6) text: 43 Then, Napoleon turns around to find -- The kids are gone. Napoleon attempts to run after then, but is quickly blocked by --
33) 0) text: After a beat, Napoleon is booted out the door. He stumble down onto the pavement.
46) 1) text: Randolf, Ox, Buffy and Jodie are dressed in their relatively impressive "Lincoln," "Socrates," “Marie Antoinette," and "Joan of Arc" costumes. They all look supremely confident. The gathered audience, which includes students, parents, and faculty, watches the first speaker, a faltering "Napoleon," on stage.
48) 5) dialog: Tired, dirty, and disoriented, has wandered into the grou of children and is now being funnelled into the amusement park with them.
48) 11) dialog: {to himself) Bon. Tres, tres bon! And as he jumps out of the pool, running after the other kids, --
48) 12) dialog: Attendez! Attendez! CUT To:
48) 14) text: 85 We finish with a flurry of SHOTS of Napoleon landing in t pools at the bottoms of the slides -- splash, splash, splash -- and, as he pops out of the water for the third time -- : ,
51) 0) text: Ted, taking notes, is questioning Napoleon, who sits between he and Bill. Napoleon looks very relaxed; his fac is sunburned, his hair is slicked back, and he wears a thick white layer of "Nose-Kote". Ted points to Napoleon's "I Made_a Pig of Myself at Farrells" button,
51) 5) text: 30 Napoleon nods, smiles wroadly. Ted notes this and turns t Bill. TED — What time is it, dude?
54) 26) text: — You go inside and talk to your dad. I'm gonna scope the place out. Missy, I mean, Mom, please watch Napoleon. Napoleon smiles coyly at Missy as Ted rushes inside --
56) 22) text: Every jaw in the class, including Mr. Ryan's, drops, as Abraham Lincoln, Sigmund Freud, Napoleon Bonaparte, and a the other Great Historical Figures, led by Billa and Ted, parade down the aisle. — ee _ oe Some of the students look down at their own makeshift costumes as:
56) 33) dialog: of tanned and smiling, comes to the end of an animated ac \ ) of his adventures at Raging Waters. He finishes, and Ted leads him back into the line.