43) 0) text: Mace pulls the limo into the driveway of a modest stucco house in Inglewood.  It's dawn.  A neighbor is walking th dog.  Mace heads into the house, picking up a couple of toys left scattered in the front yard. Inside, ZANDER, age 6, is watching TV in his pajamas and eating a bowl of cereal.  Behind him, on the couch, is Mace's younger sister CECILE, zee'd-out.  Zander frowns a her and looks at a red-plastic (toy) watch.
49) 0) text: On Zander, face lighting up, giving Lenny a high five. Lenny drops his bag, shakes, does a little silly hand choreography -- a goof on a bro grip -- that makes Zander laugh.  Mace watches this ritual and smiles herself. Zander can call out a part of Lenny that Mace would like to see more of. Cecile is there, hanging out with her boyfriend CURTIS, and Curtis' friend VEJ.  These two guys are about 18, dressed in gangsta garb.  They are listening to "The Prophets of Rage" on a CD player, and watch Lenny with a dispassion that flirts with distaste.
49) 10) dialog: Hey, come on, I been baby-sitting a full 24 hours, I have to get ready for the party tonight...
55) 0) text: Mace comes in the front door and walks straight to the TV switching it off.  Zander and Cecile are shocked.
55) 1) dialog: Lornette, girl... what's going on? Lenny goes past them and starts grabbing his stuff... wardrobe bag, playback gear.
55) 3) text: We're going to aunt Cecile's, honey. We're going to watch fireworks from there.  Let's go.  Chop chop.
56) 0) text: Sirens pierce the night.  Two pillars of fire are visible blocks away.  There are dark crowds of people everywhere. People on the sidewalks, lighting fireworks.  There are flashes and explosions.  It could be a celebration, or a war zone.  Maybe both.  Or one about to turn into the other. Mace is driving, scanning the streets.  She has her .380 auto in her hand, resting in her lap.  Lenny is riding shotgun, while Curtis, Cecile and Zander are in the back seat.
57) 0) text: It is gang territory pure and simple.  Blacks and Hispanics.  Graffiti everywhere.  Burned-out buildings. Lenny sees abject poverty, here.  Even so, people are partying. They pull up to the front of Cecile's apartment building and get out. There are some homeboys chillin' on the front steps who give Mace the local hand-sign.  She returns the sign automatically as she carries Zander past them.
58) 0) text: A small and dingy place.  Cecile has done her best to mak it a home. Mace and Lenny go into the kitchen and shut the door. He quickly sets up his playback deck on the table.  He puts on the trodes and pulls the tape out of his pocket. Then he pauses, looking at it apprehensively... knowing that it contains the answer to all this madness. He puts it into the deck.  The deck closes.  He punches PLAY.
62) 0) text: Cecile catches them on the steps as they are leaving.
62) 1) dialog: Lornette, when you gonna stop laying off everything on me?  We had plans tonight--
62) 3) text: Listen to me, little sister. There's something going on, and it's very big.  Now you've got to take care of Zander.  And stay off the streets tonight... you hear me on this? Cecile gets the message.  She nods.
78) 4) text: Can you borrow a dress from Cecile or something--