2) 0) text: A woman's feet moving along the steel rail of a train track at night.  The woman has no shoes, her feet bare. IRIS stumbles along the track, clutching one shoe pointlessly to her chest.  She is swearing and crying, runny mascara leaving two tragic streaks down her pale face.  Despite this we see that she is attractive, though her dress and make-up seem designed to convey overt sexiness.  Her white skin is complemented by a wild mane of curly red hair. She is in her early twenties, and the harshness of her life has just begun to harden her features.  She looks lost and without hope, in fear of her life.  Her breath comes in hitching sobs, and her eyes are wild. She runs between cold steel walls of freight cars, lookin behind her frequently.  A police helicopter is circling. Its xenon beam plays over the train yard, sweeping over the cars.  She hunches into the shadows of a freight-car as the beam passes over.  Looking under the cars she sees an LAPD patrol car cruising down a street adjoining the yard, its searchlight sweeping toward her.  It moves on. She continues her run, moving away from the direction of the patrol car.  She reaches a chain-link fence.  Crying, she scrambles over it, cutting her hands and ripping her dress.  Another patrol car passes two blocks away.  She crouches in the tall grass until it rounds a corner out o sight.
3) 0) text: Iris sprints down an alley between buildings.  Rats scatter into the shadows ahead of her.  She doesn't seem to notice.  All she cares about are the police lights, an the sound of the helicopter droning, circling. She pauses at the mouth of the alley, scanning the well- lit street beyond.  There are people here: downtown low- life street people.  A half-block away is a brightly lit sign marking the entrance to a Red-Line subway station. She walks along the sidewalk, her eyes on the sign, feeling exposed as she walks openly, her heart pounding. She is a mess, but in this section of town people barely glance at her. LOW ANGLE on her bare feet, standing out amid the shoes and boots of winter. SHE CROSSES the street, and reaches the sidewalk just as black-and-white rounds the corner at the end of the block behind her. IN THE CRUISER are TWO COPS, who are scanning the street. They look intense.  Revved up.  They are BURDEN SPREG, a massive, barrel-chested street-lifer in his mid-forties, and DWAYNE ENGELMAN, an aggressive hard-on in his twentie with a brush cut, a Nautilus body, and a face like a ferret.
4) 0) text: Iris trips on the landing, spins sprawling across the filthy tile floor, and comes up running.  Panting with fear and exertion she clears the turnstiles like a hurdler. The cops pound down the stairs two at a time.  Spreg draw his 9mm.  In his eyes we see an unaccountable craziness.. a hunter who has as much at stake somehow as the prey. Street people fall back as Spreg thunders through them. They aren't about to get in the way of this juggernaut co and his boy wonder. The two cops reach the platform.  No Iris in sight. MOVING WITH THEM as they slow to a walk, scanning.  A couple of low-lifes standing around, waiting for trains, eye them warily as Spreg gets a call on his Rover.
5) 1) dialog: Lenny, goddamn it, you got to be there, you got to help me, come on, pick up, pick up... Through the window we see Lenny fishing in his pocket for his keys.
6) 0) text: Iris at a pay phone in the cold of an all-night gas station.
6) 1) dialog: ... you got to be there for me... COME ON!  Shit, I'll call later.
7) 0) text: As Lenny unlocks the door, all he hears is Iris' "I'll call later." He picks up the phone as the connection breaks.
8) 0) text: Iris continues to grip the phone even after she has hung up.  She looks desolate, without hope.
9) 0) text: LENNY doesn't stop to play back Iris' message, or any of the twenty others on his machine.  He just deadbolts the door and locks a steel bar across the door frame, then carries his Haliburton... ... toward the bedroom.  And we see the truth of his reality.  Lenny's crib is a shit-box.  It is a small one- bedroom, barely furnished.  A couple of chairs.  Swap-mee couch.  Cardboard boxes full of tech gear stacked in the corners, unidentified electronics components piled on a table, cables strung everywhere.  God knows what this stuff is.  There is aluminum foil taped to all the windows.  Fast food cartons, empty Coke cans, pizza boxes everywhere.  The bachelor apartment from hell.  High-tech low-life. He goes into the bedroom.  Mattress on the floor.  Same infernal interior decoration, but this room is dominated by racks of tapes... Squid tapes. Lenny pours himself a vodka from a bedside bottle, takes off his clothes and hangs them over a chair.  He sits on the bed in his underwear, looking lonely and depressed. This is the private Lenny: No plans.  No dreams.  Nothing to look forward to but another day of the hustle. He puts a set of playback trodes carefully on his head, fishes around in a shoe box among a bunch of tapes, squinting at the hand-written labels: they all say "FAITH." Only the dates are different. He selects one and inserts it in the deck, makes some minute adjustments.  Sips his vodka.  Leans back.  Closes his eyes.  And hits PLAY.
13) 0) text: A figure moves stealthily from the shadows and approached Lenny's car: Iris, hair dyed black now, wearing jeans and a coat but still showing scars from last night's pursuit. She tries the door of the car: locked.  She looks toward the Coral Lounge, debates whether to go look for Lenny. Better not. She takes a Squid tape from her pocket, and scribbles a note on the label: "HELP ME.  IRIS." She drops the tape through a 2-inch gap in Lenny's sun roof... and it bounce off the seat, onto the floor. She looks through the windshield, totally distraught, trying to see where the tape landed... and sees the reflection of cop cruiser lights coming down the street. She crouches next to the BMW, trying to blot herself out. And when the cruiser passes, she slumps to the ground, crying, afraid to move.
15) 33) text: Hey, Iris, you okay?
15) 34) dialog: Lenny, I got to talk to you, it's serious...
15) 37) dialog: (to Lenny)
15) 40) text: There it is, the magic fuckin' word. Lenny takes Iris by the arm and pulls her away from the bar.
15) 41) dialog: Can we go to your car?  There's something you have to see right away. He nods and steers her toward the front door of the Coral Lounge.
16) 0) text: Lenny and Iris come out the front door.
16) 1) dialog: It's a bad situation... if they get me I know they're going to -- OH
32) 8) text: You talked to Iris?  When?
36) 12) dialog: (voice distorted)
36) 16) text: On my God.  Oh my God. BACK TO POV, a glimpse of the Wearer's hand relaxing the knot.  Iris' head lolls.  Her mouth is slack and open.  W remove her blindfold.  Her eyes are half-lidded.  Very dead looking.  Our fingers gently push them wide open. BACK TO LENNY, looking like he has been gut kicked.  He gasps for breath. TO POV, as the killer's hand calmly moves Iris' head from side to side... studying her dead face.  Her staring eyes He leans very close to her and stares into one dead eye, the pupil wide, seeing nothing. A burst of static.  End of tape. Lenny opens his eyes.  He fumbles open the car door and practically rolls out onto the sidewalk.  The trodes pull off his head as he lurches up, reeling across the sidewal to a darkened storefront where he leans for support.  He doubles over and heaves up the contents of his stomach. Mace circles around the car and catches him as he sags to his knees.  She holds his shoulders while he throws up again.
50) 0) text: POV: squid tape of Iris' death.  Quick barrages of the savage imagery interspersed with bursts of static... ... until Tick slips off the trodes.  He's been totaled b what he's seen.