0) 4) dialog: Come on!  Fucking jump man! The POV backs up from the edge and then runs toward it... Out into the void.  Moving... airborne... then... WHAM!  Right into the parapet wall. Slipping down.  Brick wall right in our face.  Bloody fingers grabbing for a rusty piece of pipe running along the edge. Looking down... feet dangling over a sixty foot drop. A cat walking through a patch of light in the alley below oblivious. Breathing raspy.  Snapping a look up as the pipe gives way. A keening whine coming from us as we scramble to climb up but... Snapping a look down-- Walls rushing past, sound of wind, and our own raspy scream-- Ground rushing up-- Split second impression of a cat, looking up, yowling and running out of the way as-- Pavement fills frame.  A burst of violent red light. Sound like a gunshot... but no echo. Only silence.  And blackness.
32) 0) text: As Lenny comes down the stairs from the VJ booth, tearing open the envelope.  An unmarked Squid tape falls into his hand. The HOUSE LIGHTS dim and the STAGE LIGHTS come up.  And Faith is standing there.  Like she beamed in.  She is wearing a revealing leather outfit, showing a lot of her milk-white skin.  Her black hair frames her eyes, giving her an intense feral look.  Faith starts to sing. Beautiful, unearthly, clear notes. SUDDENLY the band kicks down with a wall of thundering sound.  Faith explodes into motion.  Her body convulses like a 440 volt mainline is hooked up to her.  Her voice becomes a scream, an inchoate wail, a police siren.  The pain and rage of an entire, hell-bent tormented planet on its eve of judgment. Lost in the song, Faith has found herself.  She wheels across the stage, slashing her head up and down so that her hair bursts in the strobe-flashes like flak. A techno-erotic pagan.  A force of nature. Lenny is mesmerized.  He has seen this before, many times But it always has the same effect on him.  He is transported into another world by her, a world in which there is only the two of them. TIGHT ON MACE, eyes on the stage... a big piece of the puzzle suddenly fits.  She's never seen Faith perform before.  Holy shit. Faith doesn't play to the audience, or engage them in any way.  She is merely taking what's in her head and letting it out.  She doesn't care if they are there or not.  Now shrieking into the silence after a climatic downbeat, and holding the note... holding it longer than you believe sh possibly could.  Then nothing. When it is over she just drops the microphone and walk away.  Fuck you.