0) 0) text: But we don't know where we are yet.  We see a man in extreme close-up: just his eyes and mouth.  The eyes are closed, the eyeballs tracking under the lids, like he is watching a movie in there.  This is LENNY.
0) 1) dialog: This is great... the doors are all locked.  Who are these losers, friends of yours?
0) 3) dialog: Wow... the gas tank is a nice touch. Oh, oh, end of the line boys. Ahead, in POV we see the edge of the roof coming up. Beyond it is another building, about ten feet lower and separated by a 20 foot alley. But Lane doesn't slow down.  He leaps across the void and makes it to the other building, landing in a sprawl. We reach the edge and look down.  Six stories.  No ladder or fire-escapes.  Whip to behind us.  Cops running across the roof.
1) 0) text: Lit by miles of fluorescent.  Empty and echoing.  Close o Lenny.  He has something on his head.  Something that looks like a mutated set of Walkman headphones, except they have little gecko fingers that fit along the temples and over the forehead.  PLAYBACK "TRODES".  Lenny whips off the trodes, gasping as if he got gutpunched.
1) 1) dialog: Goddamnit!  You know I don't deal in snuff.  How many times I hafta tell you?! Lenny is with a guy everybody knows as "TICK", a pale- skinned creature of the night in T-shirt and leather jacket.  Tick is a bottomfeeder in the techno-underground of the near future.
1) 3) dialog: Well you could've at least warned me.  You know I hate the zap... when they die.  It just brings down your whole day.  Jeez, Tick.
1) 5) dialog: How'd you get the tape?  Why didn't the cops put it in evidence?
1) 7) dialog: Yeah, but how'd it get to you?
1) 10) dialog: Tick.  Not to dash your hopes, but I don't deal this kind of product, you know that.  I'll give you four for it, cause I've gotta cut off the last bit.  And my customers want uncut.
1) 12) dialog: I don't deal black-jack clips!  It's policy.  I got ethics here.
1) 14) dialog: So lay it off to somebody else.
1) 17) dialog: Yeah, well, the first part's okay. Better than the usual soaps you bring me.
1) 19) dialog: Sure, like this low-grade shit here, some girl in a fight with her boyfriend... it's a test-pattern. Nothing happens.  I'm snorin'.
1) 21) dialog: I said that?  Look, I'll take it for five, and you'll make out okay, because in this case it's pure cream, you don't have to cut anything back to the wearer.
1) 23) dialog: What else you got?
1) 26) dialog: Look, Jerr.  I'm nothing if not a man of my word.  I'll drop the money by tomorrow, next day latest.  It's a little crazed right now.  Yeah, on my mother's eyes, I swear.  Thanks, buddy. (hangs up)
1) 28) text: What kinda move you call that?! Lemmings. Lenny turns up the radio.  SELECTED DRIVE-BY IMAGES, as the talk-radio provides commentary. Lenny's car passing under glowing Santa Clauses on the light-poles.  Banners proclaiming the coming "Millennium LA" festivities.
1) 34) dialog: (on cellular)
1) 35) text: Jimbo.  I'm there, Jimmy.  Right now, can't you hear me knockin'? CUT TO LENNY working his way through a crowded club, musi pounding.  Strobe lights.  We don't see much.  He hears his phone rings and pulls the tiny DIGITAL CELLULAR out o his breast pocket.  Sticks a finger in his other ear and answers. CUT TO LENNY, back in the BMW, on the streets.  On the move.
1) 36) dialog: -- so you line up the talent, shoot the clip, get it to me by Monday. OK?  Client wants a guy and two girls, the guy wears... yeah, I know, thinks he's being original. Girls have to be young.  So don't use your mother like you usually do. Yeah, you too, pendejo.  And no big tits... French tits.  That's it... like Champagne glasses... you got it.  What a pro.  Page me. LENNY PULLS UP to the security checkpoint of a gated community.  The white upper-middle class hiding behind walls and paid security.
1) 40) dialog: (lying)
1) 41) text: I live here. The cop waves him through.  Lenny is the right color.
1) 45) dialog: (cellular)
1) 46) text: I just got something in, Bobby, you might appreciate.  A 211 at a Thai joint goes south, and these three scuzzballs end up in a gun-and-run. It's a beauty, two thumbs up. Parental discretion advised.  I'm talking it's the master, not some stepped-on copy.  One of a kind. LENNY INSIDE A GLOOMY BAR.  He slides into a booth with NORM SKINNER, a paunchy guy with thinning hair who dresse too young.  A pretty, stoned-looking girl is leaning against Skinner.
1) 47) dialog: Yo, Skinner.  The Skin Man. (fingering his jacket)
1) 51) dialog: Whattya got for me? CUT TO: POV of a woman writhing above us in ecstasy. Lovemaking in point-of-view.  We look down, see OUR BODY, a woman's body... our hands moving over the other woman's torso.  The image is dark, a primal impression.  Sound of harsh breathing, rustling sheets. BACK TO LENNY in the booth with Skinner.  Lenny has Skinner's tape running in a playback deck clipped to his belt, next to his pager.  He is hunched over the table, "sampling" the merchandise by touching a few of the trode pads to his temple without putting on the whole headset. Like a coke dealer taking a little on the fingernail.
1) 52) dialog: Yeah, I can use this... (to the stoned girl)
1) 59) dialog: Hi, Dave, this is Lenny. (pause)
1) 60) text: Nero.  Lenny Nero.  That's right. Oh, is it late?  Sorry.  It's just that I have something that might be of interest, and since I always call you first-- (pause)
1) 64) dialog: Okay, let's get you wired up.  I hope this axle grease you got in your hair doesn't screw up the squid receptors.
1) 66) dialog: Superconducting QUantum Interference Device.  SQUID.  Got it?  There's gonna be a test.
1) 68) dialog: Easy, Eduardo, easy.  Preserve a sense of humor at all times.  Okay, the receptor rig... what I'm putting on your head... sends a signal to the recorder. (Lenny holds up the recorder)
1) 71) dialog: Some tips.  Don't dart your eyes around.  Don't look in the mirror or you'll ID yourself.  OK?  You got a half hour of tape, so give me some lead-in to the main event.  But don't wait too long, I don't want to be going out for popcorn.  And don't act natural.  Don't act at all. Just forget the thing is on.  Got it?
1) 73) dialog: A star is born.
5) 0) text: IT'S 4 AM.  Lenny trudges through a heavy security gate into the center court of his ratty building.  The pool furniture is in the pool.  Gang graffiti marks the walls. Bars on all the windows.  One of the doors looks like somebody opened it with an ax.  The pool lights give the place an eerie, dead glow.  Can out slick Lenny really live in this dump? Through a barred window we see Lenny approaching as we hear the OUTGOING MESSAGE on his answering machine in the F.G. BEEP.  And...
7) 0) text: As Lenny unlocks the door, all he hears is Iris' "I'll call later." He picks up the phone as the connection breaks.
9) 0) text: LENNY doesn't stop to play back Iris' message, or any of the twenty others on his machine.  He just deadbolts the door and locks a steel bar across the door frame, then carries his Haliburton... ... toward the bedroom.  And we see the truth of his reality.  Lenny's crib is a shit-box.  It is a small one- bedroom, barely furnished.  A couple of chairs.  Swap-mee couch.  Cardboard boxes full of tech gear stacked in the corners, unidentified electronics components piled on a table, cables strung everywhere.  God knows what this stuff is.  There is aluminum foil taped to all the windows.  Fast food cartons, empty Coke cans, pizza boxes everywhere.  The bachelor apartment from hell.  High-tech low-life. He goes into the bedroom.  Mattress on the floor.  Same infernal interior decoration, but this room is dominated by racks of tapes... Squid tapes. Lenny pours himself a vodka from a bedside bottle, takes off his clothes and hangs them over a chair.  He sits on the bed in his underwear, looking lonely and depressed. This is the private Lenny: No plans.  No dreams.  Nothing to look forward to but another day of the hustle. He puts a set of playback trodes carefully on his head, fishes around in a shoe box among a bunch of tapes, squinting at the hand-written labels: they all say "FAITH." Only the dates are different. He selects one and inserts it in the deck, makes some minute adjustments.  Sips his vodka.  Leans back.  Closes his eyes.  And hits PLAY.
9) 1) text: We are moving along the Venice boardwalk, following a YOUNG WOMAN on Rollerblades.  By our motion, it is obviou that we are on Rollerblades too, and not doing so well. The woman is laughing, turning circles around us, crackin up at our discomfort. We hear Lenny's voice complaining a mile a minute, and we realize the POV is his.  The girl takes our hands, skatin backward, towing us along the boardwalk.  It is a sunny afternoon, and it is the usual boardwalk freak show all around us. The woman is FAITH JUSTIN, a singer.  Lenny is desperatel in love with her.  It's not hard to see why.  She is beautiful, in an alive, dynamic way.  Her hair is a wild dark mane, and her eyes are spectacular... intense.  She moves with a lithe, sinuous grace.  We are staring at her eyes instead of concentrating on skating. Whammo!  The POV spins and we are sitting, looking up at Faith as she circles, laughing.  She skates over to help us up. CUT TO LENNY, on his bed, smiling.  He punches Fast Forward. BACK TO POV.  A kinetic blur of digital hash, then... We are following Faith, now holding her skates, up the steps to a beach apartment.  Inside it is funky and comfortable. Music from a disk player she left on.  Bob Marley singing "Three Little Birds".  Faith, covered with a sheen of sweat, sways to the music as she goes into a bedroom.  We follow her. She comes out of the small bathroom with a towel, starts to dry off.  Sunlight comes in the window lighting up Faith like she is in a spotlight.  We move up behind her and take the towel away, and now we see Lenny standing behind Faith in the mirror over the dresser. He puts his arms around her and they sway together to the music.  He runs his fingers in lazy circles over her sweaty belly.  Then leans down and licks the sweat off he shoulder, all the while watching her in the mirror.  A voyeur recording his voyeurism through his own eyes, so h can replay and relive the moment. Their eyes meet in the mirror. They both watch as Lenny slides his hand up under her halter and caresses her nipples.  She moans softly, responding.  She turns to him, and our POV shifts directl to her.  She is right in front of us, in TIGHT CLOSE UP. The intimacy is power.
9) 4) dialog: Watch and see. We lean toward her, until her eyes fill frame as they close in a kiss.  We (Lenny) keeps ours open.  Our hands pull her halter over her head.  Then she pulls up on Lenny's T-shirt, laughing.  We see it go over our eyes, blocking the view for a moment. Then Faith kisses Lenny's bare chest.  We are looking dow at her, looking down across our body, Lenny's body, as Faith kisses lower, kneeling in front of us, unbuckling our belt and we-- CUT TO LENNY in the here and now.  Lost in playback memor bliss.  He inhales sharply behind a wave of electronicall recorded pleasure. BACK TO POV.  Lenny pulls Faith up to his face, kissing her, then pushing her gently to the bed, where we lie dow together in a pool of sunlight slashing across the tangle sheets.  She looks up, right at us...
9) 6) text: I love the way they see. CUT TO LENNY, lost in the swirl of sensation.  He touches his tongue to his fingertip. IN POV we look down at Faith as we enter her.  She gasps and closes her eyes, grabbing the headboard with both hands.  There is only the sound of gasping breaths, the creaking bed frame.  She rocks with the rhythm of our thrusts, borne away by the intensity until she cries out. CUT TO LENNY, reliving the past, under the electrodes.  H reacts to the past orgasm.  The tape ends, Lenny slowly takes off the trodes.  There is a tiny tear at the corner of his eye.
10) 4) dialog: (on cellular)
10) 5) text: You know I can get you anything you want, anytime you want it, just not right now.  We'll hook up at the club later.  Around eleven.  Yeah. Lenny wheels into a parking lot, finds a space, grabs his Haliburton and steps out, heading for the front door of the Coral Lounge.
11) 0) text: The decor is sort of Polynesian.  Goofy tropical motif murals on the walls.  The place has a mixed bag of customers, including upwardly mobile low-lifes who have graduated from the streets and use it as a kind of office It is a crossroads for druggies, upscale hookers, junior entertainment suits slumming after a day in the pressure cooker. Lenny cruises through like he owns the place, greeting a number of the early regulars.  We get the impression he knows everybody, all the time, everywhere he goes.  He leans on the bar.
11) 2) dialog: Anything without an umbrella. He gets backslapped by a guy in a satin racing jacket: Fabrizio.
11) 4) dialog: Looks like money to me. Lenny grabs his drink off the bar and follows Fabrizio across the room.
11) 6) dialog: 10 percent, Fabri, like always. They slide into the booth with KEITH.
11) 8) dialog: (cutting him off)
11) 11) dialog: You understand?  Attorney!  Right? Am I right?
11) 13) dialog: Tassel shoes.  Entertainment law, would be my guess. (off the guy's scowl)
11) 16) dialog: That's right.  My second question I gotta ask, so we get our bearings here... have you ever jacket in? Have you ever wiretripped?
11) 18) dialog: (a winning grin)
11) 22) dialog: I'll set you up, get you a deck at my cost... since my thing is the software.
11) 24) dialog: That's right.  Clips. (Lenny leans in, working the guy)
11) 27) dialog: Exactly anything.  Whatever you want.  Whoever you want to be. (handing Fabrizio a twenty)
11) 29) dialog: You want to go skiing without leaving your den, you can.  But I'm assuming a guy like you, you wanna go skiing you fly to Aspen.  That's not what you're interested in here. It's about the stuff you can't have... right?  The forbidden fruit. Keith nods, mesmerized by Lenny.
11) 30) dialog: Like running into a liquor store with a .357 magnum in your hand, feeling the adrenalin pumping through your veins.  Or... (pointing discreetly)
11) 35) dialog: I can get you what you want.  You just have to talk to me.  I'm your priest, your shrink, your main connection to the switchboard of souls.  I'm the Magic Man, the Santa Claus of the Subconscious.  You say it, you even think it, you can have it.  You want a girl, you want two girls?  I don't know what your thing is or what you're curious about... you want a guy?  You want to be a girl... see what that feels like? You want a nun to tie you up?  It's all doable.
11) 38) dialog: Listen, before we get into numbers, I want you to try a taste.  I got a deck with me.
11) 40) dialog: (grinning)
12) 0) text: Close on Keith's face, as he sits on the sink counter reacting to a Squid tape.  He jerks... his mouth drops open... he gasps.  His hands start to move over his body, feeling it wonderingly.  He gasps again, tilts his head down, moans... and Lenny hits Pause on the Playback. Keith opens his eyes to a grinning Lenny.
12) 1) dialog: You were just an eighteen year old girl taking a shower.  Are you beginning to see the possibilities here?
13) 0) text: A figure moves stealthily from the shadows and approached Lenny's car: Iris, hair dyed black now, wearing jeans and a coat but still showing scars from last night's pursuit. She tries the door of the car: locked.  She looks toward the Coral Lounge, debates whether to go look for Lenny. Better not. She takes a Squid tape from her pocket, and scribbles a note on the label: "HELP ME.  IRIS." She drops the tape through a 2-inch gap in Lenny's sun roof... and it bounce off the seat, onto the floor. She looks through the windshield, totally distraught, trying to see where the tape landed... and sees the reflection of cop cruiser lights coming down the street. She crouches next to the BMW, trying to blot herself out. And when the cruiser passes, she slumps to the ground, crying, afraid to move.
15) 0) text: Lenny unlocks the men's room door and walks down the ding corridor with her new customer, Keith.
15) 2) dialog: (grinning)
15) 3) text: You nervous?  Forget it.  The cops have more to worry about in this city than the squid-trade, believe me-- Behind them, the door of the women's bathroom whips open and the guy in the army jacket grabs Lenny from behind an SLAMS him face-first into the wall, jamming a .45 against his skull.
15) 6) text: Beat it fuckwad. Ash-white, Keith lays a smoke trail down the hall.  On th main floor of the club, Fabrizio sees him splitting and hurries after him. Back in the corridor, Lenny spins around and shoves his attacker against the opposite wall.  The guy offers no resistance.  In fact, he's too weak from laughing.
15) 8) dialog: Damnit, Max, I was with a client! You think that's funny?  To mess with a man's livelihood?  It's not funny!
15) 10) dialog: (laughing a little)
15) 13) dialog: Least you can do. Max Peltier, which he mispronounces "Pelcher", slings his arm fraternally over Lenny's shoulder.  They cross to the bar.  Max roars greetings to several regulars, pushing between strangers like an out of control tractor.
15) 18) dialog: Thanks, Max.
15) 20) dialog: This tie cost more than your entire wardrobe.
15) 22) dialog: It's the one thing that stands between me and the jungle. Max raises his double shooter.
15) 24) dialog: You were lucky, Max.
15) 27) dialog: Naw.  She won't call me.
15) 29) dialog: Thanks, Max.  I'm touched by your concern. CUT TO: Iris, working her way from the front door, stayin on the fringe of the crowd, wary, moving toward Max and Lenny at the bar.
15) 32) dialog: (seeing Iris)
15) 40) text: There it is, the magic fuckin' word. Lenny takes Iris by the arm and pulls her away from the bar.
15) 42) dialog: What's going on?
16) 0) text: Lenny and Iris come out the front door.
16) 3) dialog: Hang on, that's my car--
16) 5) dialog: Hey wait a second... Ignoring him, the driver has started the hydraulic lift, and Lenny makes the mistake of grabbing his beefy arm. The guy whips around, putting the muzzle of a .38 in Lenny's face.
16) 6) dialog: Oh, yeah, that's the answer!  Two million years of human evolution and that's the best idea you can come up with? (driver continues with the hoist)
16) 9) dialog: I was going to write you a check, if that's-- The guy is getting into his truck.
16) 10) dialog: Okay, okay, I totally respect that call.  I would want cash.  They'll take my check inside... I can see you're pressed for time, just give me two minutes... here keep my watch for collateral. He hands the guy his watch.
16) 11) dialog: It's a Rolex.  Be right back.  Two minutes. Lenny gets to the front door of the Coral Lounge, turns just in time to see the tow-truck pulling out.  Lenny run after his car, yelling, watching it recede.
16) 12) dialog: Son of a bitch! Lenny walks back to the bar.  He sets his Haliburton up o the truck of a car and pops it open.  He takes out a tiny digital cellular phone and dials a number.  While it's ringing he takes another, identical Rolex knock-off out o the briefcase and slips it on.
19) 0) text: Mace scopes the room quickly, professionally, then heads for the bar. ON Max and Lenny at the bar.
19) 2) dialog: Uh unh, carrying a gun wrecks the line of a fine jacket.
19) 4) text: Hey, Mace.  What's goin' on? She plants herself between Max and Lenny and takes a generous handful of their nachos.
19) 7) dialog: They jerked my wheels, d'you believe it?  I mean it's outrageous, the computer errors the banks are making lately.  Have you noticed? Mace and Max exchange a weary look.
19) 13) text: You know how I know it's the end of the world?  Because everything's been done, every kind of music's been tried, every government's been tried, every fuckin' hairstyle. How you gonna make it another thousand years, for Chrissake? On the TV, clip of Jeriko's speech has been replaced by a interview with Jeriko One's manager.  TRAN VO.  Tran is Vietnamese, and around Lenny's age.  He's angular, suave, cool as an early frost.  Dialed in.  Lenny sees his face on the screen like a personal nightmare.
19) 15) dialog: (riveted to the TV)
19) 24) dialog: Thanks for giving me a ride.  I just have a few stops, mostly on the west side--
19) 26) dialog: (upbeat again)
19) 29) dialog: Just a couple of hours.  It'll be fun--
19) 31) dialog: Mace, you're my friend.  I need you. Plus I'll give you 25% of what I make tonight.
19) 34) dialog: (an arm around her like a buddy)
19) 37) text: Driving Mr. Lenny.
20) 0) text: As Lenny and Mace cruise the night streets, passing the ongoing pageant of cops and decay.  Mace glances at Lenny sitting next to her in front, and at his omnipresent Haliburton.
20) 2) dialog: No, wrong... I sell experiences. Sex is only part of it.
20) 4) dialog: Way I look at it, I actually perform a humanitarian service.  I save lives.
20) 6) dialog: Okay, take some executive... bored with his life, bored with his wife... he picks up a hooker or some girl at a bar.  Then he goes around for months, torn up worrying that he's got AIDS, that he'll infect his wife.  And maybe he really does catch something--
20) 8) dialog: Everybody needs to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometime, it's what we are.  But now the risks are outa line.  The streets are a war zone.  And sex can kill you.  So you slip on the trodes, you get what you need and it keeps you from jumping your tracks.
20) 10) dialog: Define illegal.
20) 12) dialog: (kidding)
21) 2) dialog: What's his name?
21) 4) dialog: Mr. Fumitsu, good evening sir, Leonard Nero, Security Express. Lornette Mason here is just completing our routine driver evaluation.  We do it to make sure that out VIP clients, such as yourself, are always treated as honored guests.  I just need to ride up front and take some notes, if you don't mind. Fumitsu nods politely and Lenny opens the car door for him.  Lenny jogs around behind the car to the front passenger door.
21) 9) dialog: (winning smile, innocent)
22) 0) text: As the limo stops at an elegant home in this top-bucks, old-line residential area.  There is a loud party in progress, with a couple of hundred guests spread through the house and backyard.  Mace scowls deeply as Lenny gets out of the car and starts into the party with Mr. Fumitsu They are laughing uproariously and getting along like old friends.
23) 0) text: Mace, having a cigarette with other security drivers, watches Lenny through the tall windows of the old Spanish house.  She sees him working the room, rubbing up against the money, networking.  No dialogue.  A pantomime of Lenn working his prime turf.  She stares at him for a while, then looks at her watch.  Sighs.
24) 0) text: ... as a tall, stern figure suddenly slides into Lenny's path, a top cop named PALMER STRICKLAND.
24) 2) dialog: (uh-oh)
24) 5) dialog: Sure.  Whatever.  See, since you shitcanned my career, I don't even have to call you sir.  One of life's small pleasures.
24) 7) dialog: I was invited here by a close friend, Mr. Fumitsu, see he's right over there. Lenny waves.  Fumitsu waves back from across the room.
24) 9) dialog: Your sex life?
25) 3) dialog: (glancing back)
26) 0) text: As Mace pulls out, Lenny starts fitting a pair of playbac trodes to his head.  Mace glances at him in disgust.  He hits his playback button. Lenny's POV as he talks to Faith.  Back when things were good.  He's wiring her.  They are playful, like a couple of kids.
26) 2) dialog: I just want to see what we're like together through your eyes. He turns OFF the record button.  STATIC.  Then TAPE RESTARTS.  We see the two of them standing together, reflected in a mirror. We are Faith now.
26) 4) dialog: Forget it's there.
26) 6) dialog: Hey, careful on the jacket.  This is Armani. (he looks at her)
26) 9) text: You're on foot, Lenny.
26) 10) dialog: In LA?  Are you crazy? Mace starts to peel out, but Lenny leaps and plasters himself on the hood.  Mace pretends she doesn't see him.
26) 11) dialog: (as they drive along)
26) 12) text: Can I come in please?  I'm having a hard time hearing the stereo. Mace jams on the brakes and Lenny slides off in front of the car.  Now she starts to move forward...
26) 13) dialog: I need my case.  It's still in the back.
26) 15) dialog: Listen, can we talk a little bit here, like two rational adults? Mace hits a button on the dash.  The privacy divider rise suddenly, pinning Lenny to the ceiling.
26) 16) dialog: That would be no.
26) 18) dialog: Okay, you got my attention, but this is cutting off the circulation to my head, here.  D'you mind? She lowers the divider, releasing him.  Lenny straightens his jacket and tie.  Runs a hand through his greasy hair.
26) 19) dialog: I thought we were friends.
26) 21) dialog: So am I.  Just trying to get by.
26) 23) dialog: Macey... I've never seen you like this.
26) 25) dialog: I know you wouldn't be saying all this if you didn't care about me. Thanks, Mace.  Really.
26) 27) dialog: You still like me, don't you?  We're still buddies? She hates it that she can't resist his pathetic charm.
26) 30) dialog: Macey, I know you're tired, but can you drop me at the Retinal Fetish? It's on your way.
26) 32) dialog: Begging?  Groveling?  Any pathetic behavior at all?  Will that help? Faith's there tonight, and I've got to talk to her.
27) 0) text: As Mace pulls to a stop in the parking lot and Lenny open the door.
27) 1) dialog: Come on, let me buy you a drink. Let's drink and make up. (Mace shakes her head)
28) 0) text: Mace accompanies Lenny into the pounding din of the Retinal Fetish.  The place is a fringe hangout, a converted schmata factory transformed into a warren of dark rooms and corridors off the main dance floor.  A thundering labyrinth.  Steel cage-like partitions of chain-link give the place a harsh, concentration-camp atmosphere.  The music is a bass tech-thump, and the clientele are young and on the rough side.  Cybergrunge. There are many large video screens running a continuous montage of wild graphics and images... a flurry of disturbing videos: MTV baptized by William Burroughs. The Fetish is a street-tech hangout, a meeting place for lot of digital-underground types that Lenny knows.  You can buy and sell what you want here: illicit hardware and software, as well as chemicals for the wetware (brain). Lenny and Mace are greeted inside by two suited guys with metal detectors.  They barely notice as they are scanned: it's routine there days.  Mace shows her gun, a Sig Saur 9mm, and her state carry-permit.  The security guys check her pistol like a coat, giving her a claim check. Through the crowd in the lounge Lenny's eyes go immediately to one table.  It seems to be in a pool of light all it's own; or maybe this is just in Lenny's mind SLOW MOTION: Lenny watches a man at the table holding court, with a beautiful young woman sitting next to him. It is TRAN VO.  He's a mover and shaker in the record business: he produces, he manages, he tries to keep everyone in his orbit. The woman is FAITH JUSTIN.  We recognize her from playbac as Lenny's ex-girlfriend.  But now her hair has been dyed jet black and frames her face in a wild tangle.  She is wearing as expensive custom leather jacket over a sheer silk top.  She has on too much make-up, which gives her features a feral-doll quality.  Faith looks like what she is, a rock star wannabe.  But the look is red-hot. Tran looks around the room.  His eyes miss nothing.  And show nothing.  His hand -- unhurried, graceful, remarkabl -- brushes past Faith's cheek, barely touching her.  His fingers pick up a strand of hair, tuck it like a treasure behind her ear... fingers touching her head now... a moment of suspended time. ... and she trembles.  Just a little.  For a second. Tran and Faith are flanked on either side by an entourage consisting of music types, various hangers on, and Tran's personal security force of four: JOEY CORTO, a whippet- thin skinhead; DUNCAN, a none-too-bright armbreaker in th classic mold; a massively built ex-jock type called WADE BEEMER; and a sixteen year old Asian stone fox, CINDY MINH, aka 'VITA', possibly the most lethal of the four.
28) 1) dialog: Who's the new side of beef in Tran's posse?
28) 3) dialog: Rams... that's football, right? He can't take his eyes off Faith.  Mace scowls at the tableau and pulls Lenny toward the bar.
28) 5) dialog: She still loves me.
28) 7) dialog: She's my destiny.
28) 9) dialog: You'll see. Mace gives up, shakes her head and Lenny plunges into the crowd... toward Faith.  Several patrons greet him, just a in the Coral Lounge, but uncharacteristically, Lenny virtually ignores them. Approaching the main table now.  Ringside.  Tran sees him no reaction.  Now Faith sees him: her reaction's a little tougher to read.  Pissed off, maybe, or just tense. Tran's security force has seen Lenny coming.  But they stay casual. Lenny doesn't break stride.  It's like a game of chicken without cars.  Beemer stands, covering Lenny with his shadow.  Vita looks up at Lenny with cobra eyes.  Tran gives him a glance; royalty amused by Lenny's presumption
28) 11) dialog: You're not a client anymore, Tran. I wouldn't sell you the sweat off a dead dog's balls.
28) 15) dialog: Too bad about your guy Jeriko. Tough break.
28) 17) dialog: Yeah, important for your label. Which no doubt is why you're in mourning.  Don't worry, his records'll sell out now he's dead. You'll make out.
28) 19) dialog: Faith, can I talk to you a second?
28) 21) dialog: I just got to talk to you for one second.
28) 23) dialog: That would be between me and Faith, wouldn't it? Tran takes one of his beautiful hands and passes it slowl in the general area between his table and Lenny.
28) 26) text: We have nothing to talk about, Lenny.
28) 28) dialog: Faith, call me, okay?
28) 30) dialog: Tick, listen, I can't stop right now.  but I'll call you tomorrow about that thing we were talking about. He's working the room even as he's getting dragged outside.
29) 0) text: Beemer deposits Lenny on the curb and goes back inside. A SMALL CROWD of people enters the club.  Lenny brushes off his jacket, falls into step at the rear of the entering crowd.
30) 0) text: Lenny climbs to a landing overlooking the dance floor. Through chain link he sees a swirl of activity below.  An one face, looking up at him.  Kind of casual.  Lenny clocks the guy: cop instincts coming out.  Decides he doesn't know him.  But we do.  It's Spreg.  Lenny walks on, crosses to a door, and enters...
31) 0) text: A tiny room overlooking the dance floor.  Crammed with electronic gear, at the center of which is Tex Arcana, whipping from one deck to another, hands flying.  He's in a wheelchair, which pivots nimbly, managing to high-five Lenny as he walks in.
31) 1) dialog: So, those rascals still haven't grown back yet, huh?
31) 4) dialog: (handing Tex a Squid)
31) 8) dialog: Fan mail from some flounder? Lenny looks at the envelope, which has "Nero" hand-printe in block letters.  Tex takes a pull from a flask as he takes a squid-deck out of a drawer and sticks the tape in He puts on the headset and pushes PLAY. IN POV we are on a beach.  Early morning.  We are running flat out, with the wind.  Looking down... we are barefoot on the wet sand.  Foaming water races up the sand and breaks around our strong male legs.  Looking up again, to see our running companion... a beautiful lithe woman in shorts and T-shirt.  She laughs and we speed up.  An exquisite moment of pure life force. TIGHT ON TEX'S FACE... as a tear leaks from the corner of his eye.  He is smiling like he is listening to beautiful music.  We see the quiet magnificence of Lenny's gift. Tex opens his eyes.  Looks for Lenny to say thanks: but Lenny's gone.  Not a guy to hang around for thanks-yous.
32) 0) text: As Lenny comes down the stairs from the VJ booth, tearing open the envelope.  An unmarked Squid tape falls into his hand. The HOUSE LIGHTS dim and the STAGE LIGHTS come up.  And Faith is standing there.  Like she beamed in.  She is wearing a revealing leather outfit, showing a lot of her milk-white skin.  Her black hair frames her eyes, giving her an intense feral look.  Faith starts to sing. Beautiful, unearthly, clear notes. SUDDENLY the band kicks down with a wall of thundering sound.  Faith explodes into motion.  Her body convulses like a 440 volt mainline is hooked up to her.  Her voice becomes a scream, an inchoate wail, a police siren.  The pain and rage of an entire, hell-bent tormented planet on its eve of judgment. Lost in the song, Faith has found herself.  She wheels across the stage, slashing her head up and down so that her hair bursts in the strobe-flashes like flak. A techno-erotic pagan.  A force of nature. Lenny is mesmerized.  He has seen this before, many times But it always has the same effect on him.  He is transported into another world by her, a world in which there is only the two of them. TIGHT ON MACE, eyes on the stage... a big piece of the puzzle suddenly fits.  She's never seen Faith perform before.  Holy shit. Faith doesn't play to the audience, or engage them in any way.  She is merely taking what's in her head and letting it out.  She doesn't care if they are there or not.  Now shrieking into the silence after a climatic downbeat, and holding the note... holding it longer than you believe sh possibly could.  Then nothing. When it is over she just drops the microphone and walk away.  Fuck you.
32) 2) dialog: Hi, baby.  I've missed you.
32) 4) dialog: I'm already hurting. She doesn't turn.  Just watches him in the mirror.  Most of the scene plays this way.  It is a cold parody of thei love-making playbacks.
32) 6) dialog: Yeah, OK, whatever you say.  Just answer one question.  Is anything wrong?  Iris said you might be in trouble.
32) 9) dialog: Tonight.
32) 11) dialog: I know you Faith.  You're afraid of something.  What's going on?
32) 13) dialog: It's Tran, isn't it?  This guy is poison, Faith.  Listen to me.  He's got you walled in on all sides.  And he uses the wire too much, he gets off on tape, not on you.
32) 15) dialog: Why don't you just split?  You don't love him, anybody can see that.  And to him you're just some kinda possession, like a Ferrari, something to show the other guys.
32) 17) dialog: What?  He gonna record you on his label?
32) 19) dialog: Come on, Faith!  He's just toying with you.  And when he gets bored, you'll be yesterday's papers. Lenny is right behind her now.  He puts his hands on her shoulders, tenderly.
32) 20) dialog: Look, baby, I've watched you create yourself out of nothing.  You're like a goddamn cruise missile, targeted on making it.  And you will.
32) 22) dialog: It's you up on that stage, not him. You don't need him. She shrugs away from his touch.  Cold again.
32) 24) dialog: Max Pelcher?  You're kidding?
32) 26) dialog: Can't do it.
33) 0) text: Turning a corner from the dressing room into the CORRIDOR Lenny runs into Max.
33) 1) dialog: Shoulda told me about your new gig, buddy.
33) 3) dialog: You should feel like shit.
33) 5) dialog: Fairly twisted logic, Max, even for you. (already over it)
33) 9) dialog: Can I get that? He reaches for his cellular, connects with... MACE, over by the bar.
33) 11) dialog: Thanks for the tip.
34) 0) text: Beemer shoves Lenny into the alley and shuts the door behind him.
34) 1) dialog: I recognize you.  You're Wade Beemer.  Running back for the Rams, am I right? Beemer, who was about to go to work on Lenny, pauses.
34) 3) dialog: I saw you play, man.  You were good. Like a fucking freight train I remember saying.  So what happened, injuries or what?
34) 5) dialog: It's always politics.  Like this thing we're in here, he's paying you to tune me up, right?  But I could pay you more not to.  See what I mean?  I could write you a check right now--
34) 7) dialog: (pulling money out of his pocket)
34) 11) dialog: (taking off the Armani carefully)
35) 0) text: As Lenny approaches the car, moving painfully, dabbing at a bloody nose.  Mace looks at him pityingly.
35) 1) dialog: They oughta get some lights back there.  A person could get killed slipping on those stairs.  Let's go. CUT TO: an eerie NIGHT VISION SHOT of Mace and Lenny getting into the limo.  Then we see: Spreg and Engelman, the two street Hun cops.  Watching.
36) 0) text: Lenny slumps in the back seat.
36) 2) dialog: I have crawled through the gutter... through every wrinkle in the human brain.
36) 4) dialog: It is my sword and my shield, Macey. Lenny finds the anonymous tape in his pocket.  He looks a it, puzzled.
36) 6) dialog: No idea. He opens his briefcase, pops the tape into the deck, puts the Squid rig on and closes his eyes.  Maybe he can forge about Faith a minute.  He punches PLAY. POV SEQUENCE: the first thing we notice is that the POV i distorted visually.  The colors are de-saturated.  Almost black and white.  Yet the detail is crisp and clear, almost hyper-real. WE ARE WALKING down a windowless hallway at a large hotel An apparently endless row of doors.  The Wearer's glance goes to the numbers on the doors from time to time. We come to a particular door.  There is a DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door.  The Wearer moves to the room next door Looks both ways.  The corridor is empty.
36) 7) dialog: It's a test pattern so far. "Our" hands appear, quickly pulling on latex surgical gloves.  They look like male hands.  The snapping of the rubber is the only sound in the corridor.  The POV hunche down to the lock and we see the hands go to work with lock-picking tools.  Several seconds and the lock is very professionally picked.
36) 8) dialog: Alright, a little B&amp;E action. We enter the dark room, which is vacant.  The drapes are open and we see city lights.  It is night.  One gloved hand picks up the guest directory and looks at it in the moonlight coming in the window: the SUNSET SHERATON. The Wearer drops the directory and the hands reappear holding... a black ski-mask.  He pulls it on, leaving the subsequent POV seen through the eye-holes of the mask. The Wearer now looks into a mirror on the dresser.  He ha avoided his reflection up until now.  We see a man, dressed in a jogging suit and black fanny-pack, and of course the ski-mask.  Totally anonymous.
36) 9) dialog: Hey, getting good.  Solid suspense build. The Wearer crosses to the balcony door.  Opens it quietly and goes outside, moving to the wall dividing this room's balcony from the one next door. The Wearer climbs the railing and, six stories above the pavement, slips around the wall, stepping down onto the other balcony.  We hug the wall, looking furtively into the room.  It is a suite.  In the living room we see a woman making herself a drink at the mini-bar.  She turns... It is Iris.  She is wearing a T-shirt and panties. Probably ready for bed.  She looks like she can't sleep. Pours the Scotch shakily. CUT TO LENNY, the streetlight washing across his face.  H gets suddenly serious with a flash of premonitory dread. IN POV we see Iris go into the bedroom, out of sight.  We can hear the television on in there.  Using a steel jimmy the Wearer slips the latch on the balcony slider and silently opens it, slipping inside. We stalk quietly to the bedroom door, listening to her movements.  Water running in the bathroom.  We come aroun the door frame.  Bedroom dark, bathed in TV glow.  Iris i the bathroom, washing her face with cold water. We move toward her.  Crossing the room as she reaches for a towel.  We are now only a couple of feet away.  She comes out of the bathroom, walking right past us, drying her face.  She lowers the towel, turning away... her eyes whip back.  Widening in terror. She reacts with surprising speed, diving across the bed. We go after her. Her hand goes under the pillow and comes out with a small automatic.  She whips it around toward us but we grab it and twist it away before she can fire.  She smashes the palm of her hand into our face and rolls off the bed, lightning-fast. We follow her as she scrambles up, running through the bedroom door.  Across the living room and down the short hall to the front door.  Closing rapidly on her as she somehow gets the chain off the door and gets out into the hall. Slam!  We tackle her against the far wall of the corridor Our right hand comes into view holding a small electric stunner.  ZAP!  We nail her right in the back between the shoulder blades. She sags to the floor, gasping.  We zap her again.  The Wearer's glance does a 180 both ways down the corridor... nobody in sight.  We clamp our hand over Iris' mouth and drag her back into her room, locking the door. ON LENNY, reacting.  Going white.
36) 11) dialog: Go to the Sunset Sheraton.  RIGHT NOW!  Just go!  GO! Lenny goes back under the wire, seeing... WE ARE DRAGGING a semiconscious Iris into the bathroom... propping her up with her back against the white tile wall... grabbing her hands and handcuffing them one by on to the steel towel rack above her.  She is moaning.  And crying.
36) 14) dialog: Holy shit.  He's jacking her in to his own output.  She's seeing what he's seeing.  She's seeing herself. Iris can now see herself as the Wearer sees her... wide- eyed with terror, white-lipped, weeping.  Helpless.  And she can feel what he feels. The Wearer's hand goes back into the fanny-pack and pulls out something else.  A black athletic headband.  We slip it over her head, down over her eyes.  A blindfold.  Now she can only see what the wearer sees. And also from the bag we pull... a yellow plastic object. With our thumb we extend the five inch blade of the razor knife, the type with tips that can be broken off by segments when they get dull.  It extends with an ominous clicking sound. We lower it toward her and cut up the middle of her T- shirt, laying it open.  Exposing her torso.  We then look down and slide the knife under the side band of her panties, slicing them off.  We put the knife up to her throat, and she whimpers, afraid to cry out, and then we draw the flat side of the blade across her body as if to tease her with the prospect of her death. MACE LOOKS AT LENNY'S EXPRESSION of dawning horror and pulls the car to the curb about a half-block from the Sunset Sheraton.  Lenny is hyperventilating, shifting in his seat as if ants are crawling over him.  He is experiencing the stalker's exhilaration. IN POV we see the Wearer pull his jogging pants down belo his knees (R-rated please) and reach for Iris.  Kneeling in front of her, he pushes her legs apart and pulls her hips forward onto him, pushing into her. Iris is feeling and seeing what he sees and feels... She feels her own pain and humiliation swirling with the killer's exhilaration. ON LENNY, sweating and barely able to breath.  Mace stops the tape... concerned by Lenny's reaction.  He opens his eyes... Mace see the fear there, of what the tape may reveal.  But he shakes his head.  He has to know.  He pushes her hand away and punches PLAY. IT FLOODS INTO HIS HEAD AGAIN.  The sweaty, grunting horror.  The stalker picks up her slit T-shirt and quickl wraps it around her neck.  He knots it tight and twists one powerful hand into the knot.  The muscles in his forearm look like cables as he turns the knot tighter. The stalker viciously twists the knot a full turn and the T-shirt fabric almost disappears into the skin under her jaw. Via her trodes, Iris watches herself die.  Her death come at the moment of his orgasm which is fed to her... blasting off the planet on total overload... terror, pain death merging with ecstasy and exultation at the same instant. ON LENNY, crying out and grabbing for the trodes, but he just holds onto them, as if they are sucking his brains out of his skull.
36) 15) dialog: (like a mantra)
36) 16) text: On my God.  Oh my God. BACK TO POV, a glimpse of the Wearer's hand relaxing the knot.  Iris' head lolls.  Her mouth is slack and open.  W remove her blindfold.  Her eyes are half-lidded.  Very dead looking.  Our fingers gently push them wide open. BACK TO LENNY, looking like he has been gut kicked.  He gasps for breath. TO POV, as the killer's hand calmly moves Iris' head from side to side... studying her dead face.  Her staring eyes He leans very close to her and stares into one dead eye, the pupil wide, seeing nothing. A burst of static.  End of tape. Lenny opens his eyes.  He fumbles open the car door and practically rolls out onto the sidewalk.  The trodes pull off his head as he lurches up, reeling across the sidewal to a darkened storefront where he leans for support.  He doubles over and heaves up the contents of his stomach. Mace circles around the car and catches him as he sags to his knees.  She holds his shoulders while he throws up again.
36) 18) dialog: Black.  Jack.
36) 20) dialog: Snuff clip.  It was Iris.  She said she needed my help and I... aw Jesus, Mace... the sick fucker killed her.
37) 0) text: Neon reflections on the roof of Mace's limo as it pulls into the lot and slides up to Max's car.  Max is sitting in the open door, feet on the pavement, eating dumplings from a take-out carton.  He looks up as Lenny and Mace ge out of the limo.  Sees their expressions.
37) 6) dialog: Yeah.  No, not really.
37) 8) dialog: Not now... I don't want to think about it--
37) 10) dialog: He stalks her.  He rapes her.  Then he does her...
37) 12) dialog: He records himself raping and killing her--
37) 14) dialog: So she feels... what he feels... while he's in her.  The thrill while he's killing her... is sent to her, heightening her fear... which in turn heightens the turn on for him. (turns to him)
37) 17) dialog: But this is a bad one.
37) 19) dialog: He makes her see her own death, feeds off the reaction... killer and victim merging... orgasm and agony merging.  And he records it all.
37) 21) dialog: Wants to share.
37) 23) dialog: Why me? Mace is hugging herself.  Edgy and tense.
37) 25) dialog: I've never dealt in black-jacks. Never.  Everybody knows that.
37) 28) dialog: Jesus, Mace.  Back off.
37) 32) dialog: Uh unh.  No way!  They'd crucify me.
37) 36) text: And Lenny... I'd keep moving if I were you.
38) 0) text: The elevator is huge -- big enough for a truck -- and Lenny seems small in the huge space, while shadows crawl across his body as the old machinery pulls him up toward... FAITH, in the loft above.  She looks into the vast bedroom... ... at Tran sitting in a chair, tranced out under playbac trodes, his eyes closed.  She softly closes the sliding door and walks across the cavernous main room.  The place is lit by the flickering reflections from a series of hug television screens along both walls.  Otherwise there is little light.  The cavernous loft is sparsely but very expensively furnished.  Haute-tech design.  Total contras to Lenny's ratty digs. LENNY'S POV through the cage-door of the elevator as it reaches the loft and Faith is revealed, waiting for him i the shadows.  He slides open the cage-door and she moves quickly to him.
38) 2) text: You're crazier than I thought, Lenny.  Coming here... Tran's just in there.
38) 3) dialog: Iris is dead.  She was murdered. Faith stiffens.  We see the fear, now, exposed.
38) 5) dialog: Don't know.  But this guy's real damaged goods.  Iris knew someone was after her... and she said you were in danger too. (he grabs her shoulders)
38) 8) dialog: (hurt)
38) 11) dialog: Tell me. A VOICE from the shadows, like the whisper of a blade in the air.
38) 16) dialog: Charm.
38) 20) text: Hands off.  See? Lenny glances at the open elevator right behind him.  So close.  She just has to take one step to him... and they will be out of there.  Together.
38) 21) dialog: It's alright.  He means it.
38) 23) text: I do mean it. (to Lenny)
38) 27) text: You're going down. Joey Corto and Duncan shove Lenny roughly backward into the elevator.  Corto slams the gate shut and slaps a button to lower the lift.  The last thing Lenny sees as h descends is Faith's face, above him.
40) 0) text: The huge elevator, with Lenny its sole occupant, descends through the shadows toward the first floor.  Lenny watche the shadow patterns on the wall through the iron grillwor door.  He's still thinking about Faith... ... even when the elevator reaches the first floor and Mace comes into view.  She's waiting for him.  He steps forward.  But he can't open the grillwork door.  And the elevator doesn't stop.  It keeps going down.  Lenny, spooked, works the door hard... as Mace disappears from view above him... ... and the elevator bumps to a stop in the basement. With Vita and the beef squad waiting for Lenny, stoney- faced.  Last stop.  All out. Lenny tries to keep the door shut, but Duncan wrenches it open.  Vita grabs Lenny and twists his arm painfully behind him in one fluid move.  They hustle him toward a dank basement room near the elevator.
40) 1) dialog: (speed-rap)
41) 0) text: Mace and Lenny hotfoot it toward the parked limo.  Mace i disassembling the Beretta without looking at it.  She chucks pieces over a chain-link fence as they go.  Lenny brushes himself off, checking his jacket for damage.  He is high from winning the fight.
41) 1) dialog: Is this great fabric or what?
41) 3) dialog: Never really thought about it.
42) 1) dialog: Come on... look in the mirror.  You know it's there, you're keeping your eyes off it, you bastard... SHIT! Who are you? CUT TO: Lenny, yanking the wire off his head, Mace near him.
42) 2) dialog: He knows what he's doing.  He's worn before... a lot.
42) 4) dialog: It gives me... I don't know... maybe two hundred people who I know wear. As he talks Lenny fiddles with some custom electronics gear.  The back is off the deck, and he has a ribbon wire connecting it to some kind of amplifier black-box which h is using to boost the gain.
42) 6) dialog: I need to see more... get more detail.  Something.  I feel his presence, so strong... Mace watches, concerned, as Lenny puts the trodes back on and hits playback. Squid POVs: strobe-like images of Iris' rape and death, separated by burst of static... ... as Lenny keeps hitting the forward and rewind buttons searching the tape for clues, reacting to the feelings on the tape, trying to manage his revulsion... ... until Mace yanks the trodes off and Lenny sags back o the couch.  He rubs his eyes.  He is seeing ghosts, afterimages burned into his visual cortex.  The room is alive with them, shimmering.
42) 8) dialog: Yeah.  I'm ghosting pretty bad. Lenny see Iris' terrified face.  Literally.  It floats iridescent on his living room wall, fading slowly.
42) 9) dialog: She came to me for help.  I should have read it better... I just figured, y'know... another strung- out hooker having a bad night.
42) 11) dialog: Sex killers act alone.  So there's no information on the street, which is how cases get made.  Cops know they'll never nail this guy the second they look at the scene. Lenny sucks down four Tylenol with a long pull from a bottle of vodka.
42) 12) dialog: And anyway, nobody gives a shit about a dead hooker.  They're roadkill. Requiem for Iris.  Mace watches Lenny rubbing his eyes, waiting for the Tylenols to hit.
42) 13) dialog: See, it's all about what they see walking in.  A dead hooker, handcuffs, penetration... they'll see a trick gone wrong.  Random kill.  The kind you never solve.
42) 15) dialog: No it doesn't.
42) 17) dialog: She said "If they get me".  They. Which means the whole sex-killer thing is a cover, which means somebody whacked her for a reason.
42) 19) dialog: If he could do what's on that tape, he's a sicko.
42) 21) dialog: Because it had to look random.  Not connected to anything or anyone. (he seems to run out of energy)
42) 24) dialog: And what about the guy that was following me?
42) 26) dialog: The question is not whether I am paranoid, but whether I am paranoid enough.  You want to rub my neck?
42) 28) dialog: How's Zander?
42) 31) dialog: (drifting off, joking)
42) 32) text: S'okay.  I know you still love me. She looks down at him, gently brushes his hair off his sweaty forehead in an unconsciously maternal gesture.  He is out cold. Mace gazes at Lenny's sleeping face in a way we haven't seen before: unguarded.  Caring.  Loving. And we get it: she does love him.  It makes no sense, and it is a great burden to her that he doesn't see her... bu there it is. She shakes it off: she doesn't want to deal with it now. Maybe not ever.  She leans her head back against the ratt top of the couch, sighs.  And keeps her hand moving soothingly on his head.
44) 3) dialog: W'sup, Max?
45) 2) dialog: Faith OK?
45) 4) dialog: Looks like she was holding out.
45) 6) dialog: He's in this somehow... I don't know how.  Just stay close to Faith.
46) 0) text: As Lenny is hanging up he notices something.  A MANILA ENVELOPE stuck between the steel bars and the glass of hi front window, next to the door.  "NERO" is printed on the envelope. Oh shit.  He opens the door, looking both ways.  No-one i around.  He fishes out the envelope from behind the bars and takes it inside.  Of course it contains a tape.  He stares at it with dread. Lenny sits down and put the tape in his playback deck.  H picks up the trodes and places them on his head.  He notices his hands are shaking.  He takes a deep breath an punches PLAY. POV SEQUENCE: DAY.  As expected we see the de-saturated signature look of the killer's vision.  The Wearer is walking through the courtyard of Lenny's apartment building.  We recognize it by the unkempt pool, the sunke deck furniture.  We walk through a breezeway to an ally- like courtyard behind the building.  We approach a door.. the back door to Lenny's apartment. The killer picks the lock on the back door.  Opens the door and enters.  The apartment is dark, blacked out.  We are in the kitchen.  We stop and listen.  Water dripping in the sink.  Soft snoring from the living room. Moving to the other room.  Slowly, silently.  Furtively looking around the door frame to the living room.  There is Lenny, crashed out on the couch. Now moving stealthily toward him.  Kneeling down beside him.  Lenny, burned out from the night before, is deep under.  Our hand comes into view, holding the yellow plastic razor knife.  With his thumb, the killer extends the blade... click, click, click, click. The blade flashes in a beam of sunlight as it moves towar Lenny.  The killer lays it gently against Lenny's throat. Draws it slowly across... not leaving a mark. The POV backs away and -- static as the tape ends. LENNY, IN THE PRESENT, whips off the trodes, freaking.  H feels around his throat with one hand... can't feel anything. Crossing quickly to a mirror near the front door, he inspects his neck minutely.  There is a hair-line red lin over his carotid.  He looks around the room wildly, his heart hammering.  Slowly, he gets his breathing under control. Then... he hears something in the kitchen.  A tiny click. His eyes go wide.  Hyperventilating, Lenny moves silently into the bedroom.  He fishes around under the bed and pulls out a GLOCK 22 .45 auto pistol.  He stalks silently toward the kitchen. Then he looks at the butt of the pistol-grip: no magazine He un-stalks back to the bed and finds a loaded magazine under a bunch of dirty socks.  He inserts it quietly, wincing as he chambers a round. Heart thudding, he works his way to the kitchen door.  He edges around the frame, pie-ing the room.  Cop reflexes intact. Mace is sitting at the kitchen table, giving him a funny look.  She is drinking a cup of coffee, made from the bottle of instant on the counter.  She is dressed casually, in bicycle pants, work boots and oversized nylo jacket over a tank-top.
46) 2) dialog: (hands shaking)
47) 0) text: A little later.  As Lenny tosses stuff into a folding bag clothes, a playback deck, a box of .45 hollow points.  He grabs his grimy old Second Chance body armor from the LAP and stuffs it into his Haliburton.  When Mace sees him do that, she knows things are freaky.
47) 2) dialog: Anywhere. (finger to his lips)
47) 4) dialog: Hand me that box of tapes, will you? He's pointing to a shoe box full of "Faith" tapes.  Mace hands them over with obvious distaste.  He throws them in the bag, starts to zip it... ... then sees his reflection in the bedroom mirror: something's the matter.
47) 6) dialog: This tie doesn't go with blue! He yanks off the tie and grabs another.
48) 0) text: Mace and Lenny drive through the streets of LA on the las day of this millennium.  There are cops in body armor and helmets on some street corners, holding automatic rifles. Helicopters orbit endlessly.  And a National Guard tank rumbles down the street.  State of siege.  The car radio is on, with KROQ's poor Man hyping the impending Millennium LA party.
48) 3) dialog: Mace, the guy had a knife.  To my throat.  In my living room. Relaxing might be right out, okay?!
48) 5) dialog: No shit.  You got someplace in mind?
49) 0) text: On Zander, face lighting up, giving Lenny a high five. Lenny drops his bag, shakes, does a little silly hand choreography -- a goof on a bro grip -- that makes Zander laugh.  Mace watches this ritual and smiles herself. Zander can call out a part of Lenny that Mace would like to see more of. Cecile is there, hanging out with her boyfriend CURTIS, and Curtis' friend VEJ.  These two guys are about 18, dressed in gangsta garb.  They are listening to "The Prophets of Rage" on a CD player, and watch Lenny with a dispassion that flirts with distaste.
49) 2) dialog: (pulls a tape out of his pocket)
49) 5) text: Lenny, have you lost it completely?
49) 6) dialog: Easy, there, Mom.  Easy.  This is audio only. (hands tape to Zander)
49) 9) dialog: Later.  Your mom'n I are heading right back out. Groans of outrage and protestations of unfairness from Cecile, Vej and Curtis follow this bad news.  Cecile even musters the gumption to speak up.
49) 13) text: You're not the only little boy I have to look out for, honey. Zander nods: OK.  Lenny gives him the grip.  Zander's han outmaneuvers his, and the boy smiles in triumph.
50) 2) dialog: Skip the art criticism, Tick, what can you tell me about the wearer.
50) 8) dialog: What?
50) 10) dialog: Who was just here?
50) 12) dialog: Wait, wait... wait a minute.  Iris was here?!
50) 14) dialog: What clip?  What was it?
50) 16) dialog: She never gave me a tape.
50) 19) dialog: (revved up)
51) 2) dialog: That's a handy little attitude adjuster. (sees his car)
51) 3) text: Damn.  I'm boxed in. Lenny and Mace approach his BMW, blocked in by ten other cars, so he's not getting it back this trip.  He unlocks the door and looks inside with a tiny Mag-Lite while Mace covers them with the tazer.  A puppy-like whine comes occasionally from behind some cars nearby.  We catch a glimpse of the puzzled, snuffling Rottweiller eyeing them warily. Lenny finds the tape on the floormat, passenger side, still wrapped in the note.  He reads the note: "HELP ME.
51) 6) dialog: Nothing.  Let's go play this back. CUT TO LENNY AND MACE returning to the limo.  As they reach the car they are hit by two flashlight beams.  It i the two cops, SPREG AND ENGELMAN, out of uniform, but looking very serious with their pistols aimed at Lenny an Mace.  They have been following Lenny, knowing sooner or later he would lead them to the tape.
51) 8) dialog: What tape?  I'm just trying to get my car back but the place is closed--
51) 11) text: Lenny, give them the tape.
51) 12) dialog: It's in my case.  Okay?  I'm going to open my case...
51) 14) dialog: Take it and turn her loose.  Okay?
52) 1) dialog: (holding on)
52) 2) text: Oh no, we're not being followed, Lenny, Don't be so paranoid, Lenny. They hear rounds hitting the car, and look back.  The truck is right behind them.
52) 3) dialog: Shit!
52) 5) dialog: Bullet resistant?  Whatever happened to bullet proof?
53) 0) text: Engelman and Spreg jump out of the truck, taking cover behind it.  They rake the limo with bursts from their AK- 47s. INSIDE THE CAR.  Lenny and Mace keep their heads down below the door frame.  It sounds like they are inside a steel drum in some psychotic Calypso band.  But the armored body panels hold. Lenny is punching his cellular.
53) 1) dialog: Goddamnit!!  911 is busy!
53) 3) text: They'd never get here in time anyway. Mace has reloaded her Sig and is trying to open the door on her side (away from the bad guys).  It is jammed from the sideswiping. Spreg reaches into the bed of the truck and pulls out a gallon gas can.  He uncaps it and throws it across the pavement.  It slides under the limo, glugging its content onto the ground.  Spreg grabs a road-flare from under the seat of the truck and strikes the cap, lighting it. He tosses the flare under the limo... KA-WHOOMPH!!  The gas can explodes in a fireball.  The Continental is engulfed in flames.  From the inside all Lenny and Mace can see is fire.  All the windows are covered in roaring flames.
53) 6) dialog: The gas tank's going to go any second! Mace slams the car into gear and floors it.  The powerful Lincoln thunders forward.  It crashes through a chain-lin fence and launches right off the end of the pier.  A fireball plunging in a meteoric arc into the oily black water. Inside, they are slammed forward by the impact.  The car sinks. UNDERWATER: The car hits bottom, twenty feet down, sittin there amid the junk.  Shafts of light play down from the big streetlights at the end of the pier. INSIDE, Lenny and Mace are in a flooding black tomb.
53) 7) dialog: Are you out of your fucking mind?!
53) 14) dialog: Yeah, me neither.  It was one of my favorites.  Me and Faith in a hot tub on my birthday.  I'm going to really miss it. He feels around in his jacket pocket.  He pulls out the MYSTERY TAPE... nice and dry in its plastic case.  He holds it up to show a grinning Mace.
53) 15) dialog: Are we impressed yet?
54) 5) dialog: Those two guys were cops.
54) 7) dialog: It's the walk.  Something.  Anyway, they'll run your plates and get your address.  We gotta keep moving. Mace takes it in.  She nods.
55) 5) dialog: Come on Zander.  You can ride on my shoulders.  Here you go. Lenny hoists him overhead and goes out the door.  Cecile catches up to Mace in the hall, just as she is opening a locked cabinet and pulling out a little .380 auto, holste and ammo.
56) 0) text: Sirens pierce the night.  Two pillars of fire are visible blocks away.  There are dark crowds of people everywhere. People on the sidewalks, lighting fireworks.  There are flashes and explosions.  It could be a celebration, or a war zone.  Maybe both.  Or one about to turn into the other. Mace is driving, scanning the streets.  She has her .380 auto in her hand, resting in her lap.  Lenny is riding shotgun, while Curtis, Cecile and Zander are in the back seat.
57) 0) text: It is gang territory pure and simple.  Blacks and Hispanics.  Graffiti everywhere.  Burned-out buildings. Lenny sees abject poverty, here.  Even so, people are partying. They pull up to the front of Cecile's apartment building and get out. There are some homeboys chillin' on the front steps who give Mace the local hand-sign.  She returns the sign automatically as she carries Zander past them.
58) 0) text: A small and dingy place.  Cecile has done her best to mak it a home. Mace and Lenny go into the kitchen and shut the door. He quickly sets up his playback deck on the table.  He puts on the trodes and pulls the tape out of his pocket. Then he pauses, looking at it apprehensively... knowing that it contains the answer to all this madness. He puts it into the deck.  The deck closes.  He punches PLAY.
59) 0) text: Mace watches Zander lighting bottle rockets with Curtis o the balcony of the apartment... visible through the window.  Staccato fireworks nearby sound like automatic weapons, making her flinch.  She goes back into the... KITCHEN.  Where she sees Lenny sitting at the table, trodes in his hands.  Stunned.  Face the color of old cement.  Hands shaking.
59) 2) dialog: I can't tell you.  You've got to see.
59) 4) dialog: Mace.  I know what you think about the wire.  But I'm asking you to do this.  It's that important. Mace sees how serious he is.  She nods: OK.  He puts the trodes on her.
59) 5) dialog: Sorry this has to be your first playback. He hits play and Mace reacts as the sensory input hits her.  She opens her eyes...
59) 6) dialog: Keep your eyes closed, or you'll see double. She bites her lip as the sensation of being another perso floods through her. POV SEQUENCE: We are Iris.  Riding in a car.  Fixing our makeup in a mirror on the passenger side sun visor.  Iris flips the sun visor back up, revealing the moving street. It is night. We look down, and recognize the dress Iris was wearing when we first saw her, two nights ago.  She puts her lipstick into a purse which is belted to her waist.  Iris turns her head and we see the driver. It is JERIKO ONE.  He is laughing, talking to someone in the back seat.  Iris looks and we see REPLAY, Jeriko's sideman, and another woman, DIAMANDA.  They are amorously entwined.  Then they are all laughing and passing around bottle of Jim Beam.  The car stereo is thumping loudly. Iris' POV swings around and looks down, seeing Jeriko's hand caressing her thigh.  She puts her hand on his chest and leans close to him.  Jeriko grins, then looks up and swears at a wash of red/blue cop flash.
59) 30) dialog: (into phone)
59) 35) dialog: Yeah I know. (into cellular)
60) 2) text: Don't talk to anybody.  Anybody. You're invisible.  Okay?  Just meet me at Tick's in a half hour.  And Lenny... don't get pulled over.
61) 0) text: Lenny pushes "End" on his cellular and looks at Mace.  Th first-time impact of the Squid experience, and the killin of Jeriko, still haunts her.  We've never seen Mace scared.  But she looks scared now.
61) 1) dialog: We got to make another copy of this. Little life insurance.
61) 3) dialog: (tucking Glock in his waistband)
61) 6) dialog: Maybe.  But tonight is probably not the best night.  Come on, we're rollin'.
63) 0) text: Lenny and Mace see helicopters circling as they maneuver the dark streets.  Xenon searchlights crisscross the rooftops nearby.  They see patrol cars passing on cross- streets, lights flashing.  It feels like the entire LAPD is looking for them. Everywhere in the street there are small crowds, street parties in progress.  People drinking and firing bottle rockets.  The police watch everything.
63) 1) dialog: So, let's see, I've got Tran's goons, some squidhead psycho and the LAPD all trying to kill me.  Happy new year, Lenny.
63) 3) dialog: There's a plus side?
63) 5) dialog: It was a tough call.
63) 7) dialog: I don't think those cops did Iris. I think whoever Iris was wearing for killed her.
63) 9) dialog: To break the trail.  If those cops had gotten hold of her, they would have beat it out of her who she was wearing for, and then gone after them too.  Our killer is running as scared as we are.  Which makes him really dangerous.  Judging by how scared I am. They pull up to the checkpoint; Lenny squirrels into the seat, hiding in the shadows, as Mace flashes her security pass and the cop waves them on. Lenny lets his breath out slowly.
64) 0) text: Lenny and Mace pull in with a SQUEAL of brakes and park the car.  Sound of rock music -- some kind of refried psychedelia -- coming from Tick's van down the ramp. Mace and Lenny get out, approaching the van.  Hearing tires squeal, they turn to see Max pull up.  He gets out wearing an ill-fitting rental tux.  Music louder, echoing in the empty garage, even though the van is shut tight.
64) 2) dialog: You may be a little overdressed for this party. (Lenny pounds on the van door)
64) 3) text: Yo, Tick!  It's Lenny.  Open up! Mace slips out her .380, on alert.
64) 4) dialog: (knocks again, then opens rear van door)
64) 6) dialog: (as he starts to examine Tick)
64) 9) dialog: No.  But his frontal lobes are like two runny eggs.  They put an amplifier in-line to boost the signal till it french-fried his brain. Mace hits "Off" on the built-in CD player.  The sudden silence is creepy.  Lenny gets right in front of Tick's eyes, shouting at him, at the top of his lungs. TICK'S POV: We see a roaring blizzard of inchoate static. Somewhere in the middle of it is a suggestion of Lenny's face, almost invisible.  We hear the tiniest ghost of his voice, like a radio playing two blocks away.
64) 10) dialog: He's totally cut off from the outer world.
64) 16) dialog: Whattya mean?
64) 18) dialog: What stuff?
64) 20) dialog: Jesus.
64) 22) dialog: Thanks, buddy.  See... things weren't bad enough.  They weren't fucking bad enough!
64) 24) dialog: Yeah, right, blow it open.
64) 27) dialog: Okay... what about Strickland?
64) 30) dialog: Deputy Commissioner Palmer Strickland.  The sanctimonious prick who busted me out.  His ass is so tight when he farts only dogs can hear it.  I know this guy.  If there's one cop who's not dirty it's him.
64) 36) dialog: Hey, Max, Mace... whoa... time out.
64) 39) dialog: Whoever killed Iris did Tick.  It's the same sick wirehead shit.  Same reason... to burn the trail.  If Faith knows anything about this, and I think she does, then she's on the list.  So... who's driving?
65) 0) text: Roadies are loading out gear through the back doors of th club into a van in the alley.  Lenny and Mace ENTER FRAME and we follow them between the roadies, going through the doors into...
66) 0) text: A grungy black corridor.  The thunder of music gets loude with each step as Lenny and Mace walk down the corridor with purposeful strides. Through chainlink partitions and banks of dark equipment, Lenny catches glimpses of the stage.  He can see Faith in a blue-white spotlight.  She is a whirling dervish, convulsing with the divine madness of her music.  Beyond her, beyond the lights, in the gloom... Lenny can just se Tran and his entourage.  Dressed in tuxes, they look out of place... clearly on their way somewhere else as the evening progresses. Faith whirls to a stop as the band crashes in a final downbeat.  The spotlight goes out and the set is over. ON TRAN, clapping.  Watching. NEARBY, Max arrives through the crowd, scanning for Tran... spotting him. BACKSTAGE... FAITH, bathed in sweat, walking along a dark corridor backstage.  WE TRACK WITH HER, as she walks through the shadows, like a fighter returning from the ring, soaked and breathing hard. A HAND shoots from a black doorway and covers her mouth, pulling her into the shadows.  Terrified for a split second... before she recognizes that it is Lenny.  He pulls her into the room and closes the door.  It is Tex Arcana's VJ control room, full of monitors and constantly changing graphic images.  Tex is not there.
66) 3) dialog: Faith, we know about Jeriko.  Iris made me a copy of the tape.
66) 5) dialog: How did it happen?  What was Iris doing riding around with Jeriko wearing a wire?
66) 7) dialog: No.  Mace is in this.
68) 3) dialog: Kinda guy you can count on in a pinch.
68) 7) dialog: Yeah... he figured out what to do all right.
68) 9) dialog: The killer knew right where she was. Because he put her there.
70) 2) dialog: Leave here with me, right now. Mace sighs heavily, rolls her eyes toward the ceiling. Faith considers her options.  Then she smiles at him.
71) 0) text: Mace leads the way, with Lenny following, gripping Faith' hand like Orpheus leading Eurydice out of Hell.  They pus through shapes of people in the thundering dark corridor. Half-lit, in alcoves, far-gone wireheads loll in semi- consciousness.  Faith looks back and sees: TRAN'S POSSE rounding a corner... spotting them.  They start shoving through the crowd like juggernauts, knockin protesting people out of the way. Mace, Lenny and Faith break into a run, pounding down the corridor. Behind them, Duncan leads the charge.  Suddenly TEX ARCAN shoots into the hallway, intentionally blocking their pat with his wheelchair.  Duncan crashes over him, toppling the chair, and they both sprawl to the floor.  Vita, Beemer and Corto go around the sprawl. Tex, like many legless men, has incredibly strong arms. Lenny looks back to see him pounding Duncan's head agains the floor...
71) 3) text: a helpless cripple! Lenny et al reach the main floor of the club where they shove through the buffeting crowd amid strobe-flashes and a wall of sound. Behind them we see Corto and Beemer hurling partiers aside, cutting a swath, while Vita moves like a mongoose through tall grass.  Mace drops back, going tail-end- Charlie... her bodyguard mode kicking in. ON LENNY AND FAITH, charging through the jostling crowd, Lenny is looking back, then he looks ahead and... TRAN is right in front of him.  In the whirling shapes an colors of the crowd, he is an island of composure in a white tux.  He holds a glass of champagne in one hand, th bottle in the other.  In one lightning-fast move he uppercuts with the bottle, clipping Lenny under the jaw. Faith screams as Lenny staggers.  Tran swings again, smashing the bottle over the back of Lenny's head.  Lenny sprawls on the floor amid champagne foam and glass. Lenny, blood flowing in his eyes, rises blearily to see Faith being pulled away by Tran, who has her arm twisted viciously behind her back.  They go around a chain-link divider and double back, heading for the exit.  Lenny staggers to the chainlink, sagging to his knees again as Faith passes within a few inches of him.  He slips down the chainlink, into unconsciousness, as her image is lost in the pounding darkness. Mace gets to him through the crowd, and then whirls like cat as the Posse arrives.  She stands guard over him like a rabid dog, her .380 auto straightarmed and covering the expertly.  Corto eyes her with hatred.  The stitches on his nose and the bruised swelling are a reminder of his last run-in with her.  He backs off.
71) 5) text: Not here.  Lets go. They back off, fading into the crowd... catching up with Tran at the exit. Mace watches them recede.  Then she bends to Lenny.  Max arrives a moment later and they lift him to his feet.
72) 0) text: Max and Mace support a semi-conscious Lenny, hustling him to the car.  As they are putting him in the car, TWO LAPD OFFICERS come through the crowd, eyeing the bleeding Lenny.
72) 3) text: Excuse me. The cop steps back, giving Mace room to push Lenny back u in the seat.  She surreptitiously kicks the tape under th car, over to the driver's side.
76) 0) text: Lenny is in a chair in the kitchen, listening to Max on the cellular.  He is holding a dish-towel full of ice cubes on his scalp.  It is soaked with blood and his Armani jacket and silk shirt are spattered.  Mace lifts the ice pack to check that the bleeding has stopped.
76) 2) dialog: Owww!!  Take it easy. (to phone)
77) 2) dialog: What do you mean?
77) 4) dialog: This is what we laughingly refer to as a plan, right?
78) 0) text: On Lenny, at the table.  He dabs his finger in the blood on the ice pack and writes the number on the table top.
78) 1) dialog: 2-2-0-3.  Got it.  Stay on her.
78) 3) dialog: Okay, we gotta get over there. (opens the bag)
78) 6) dialog: Whatya mean?  We're going!  Tran's gonna do her right there unless--
78) 8) dialog: That sounds right. (but it changes nothing)
78) 11) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?! Lenny freaks out and scrambles to pick them up, trying to stop her, push her away.  They struggle for a pathetic, tragic moment. Mace snaps.  She grabs him by the lapels and swings him around, slamming him back against a wall.
78) 14) dialog: Have you ever been in love with somebody who didn't return that love? Mace gives him a look like, jeez Lenny, are you dumb sometimes.
78) 16) dialog: It didn't stop you from loving them. Right?  Or understanding them, or being able to forgive them...
78) 18) dialog: And it didn't stop you from wanting to protect them.  Did it?
78) 20) dialog: I worked Vice, Narcotics... Violent Crimes... and I saw every known depravity.  I was lost, Mace.  In outer darkness.  Then I busted this strung-out little teeny-hooker. When I met Faith she was just another runaway giving twenty dollar blowjobs to buy crank.  Another lost soul.
78) 22) dialog: But she was different.  There was a light in her eyes... and she had this voice.  It was scary, all that pain coming out of that little body. Like she could take all the hurt and rage of the entire world and lift it up to heaven in one voice.  I helped her.  And I promised her that I'd always be there... to protect her. (long pause)
79) 3) dialog: Mace... you're a girl.
79) 5) dialog: Got your ticket?
80) 0) text: ON LENNY AND MACE moving with purpose through the vast steaming factory of the kitchen where a thousand dinners are being prepared.  They are ignored by the bustling staff.
81) 0) text: Lenny and Mace emerge from a service door into the glitterati crowd, heading into the ballroom. They scan the room.
81) 1) dialog: You see Tran?
81) 3) dialog: (to the ringing phone)
81) 6) dialog: Alright.  We're going up.
81) 8) dialog: I still got one ace to play.  Tran's got what I want... and I've got what he wants... Lenny pulls the Jeriko tape out of his breast-pocket and holds it up.  Mace just stares at him completely outraged
81) 10) dialog: (not getting it)
81) 11) text: Exactly.  That's why it's a make- able deal. Mace gets very, very close to Lenny, and her voice drops to an odd, cold... lethal-sounding... growl.
81) 13) text: You go... you go alone.  This is where I draw the line.  I care about you Lenny... a lot more than you know... which makes us both pretty stupid.  But you pawn that tape, you mean nothing to me. Lenny doesn't know what to say.  Tough choice.  He clenches his jaw... And turns away.  He strides into the crowd, heading for the lobby and the elevators. ON MACE, watching him go.  Wanting to run and stop him. But she's said what there is to say.  She turns away, desolate and churning with emotion.  The moment lengthens as she wrestles with it.  You see her fury, her sadness.. and her protective instincts.  Her resolve fails her. Ultimately, she must protect him if she can.
81) 15) dialog: See that guy? (pointing)
81) 17) dialog: Take it to him.
81) 19) dialog: No.  Trust me. He unclips his playback deck from his belt and hands it t her.
81) 23) dialog: Then we'll be right where we are now.
82) 0) text: It is a glass-cage scenic elevator, running up the outsid of the building.  10th floor.  The last passengers step out.  When the doors whoosh closed and Lenny's left alone there's only the sound of Muzak Christmas carols.  The elevator rises, the lights of LA spread out below.  He is hyperventilating.
85) 0) text: Lenny comes out of the elevator.  Standing at the corner, where he can watch the elevators and the corridor, is Wad Beemer.  Lenny doesn't break stride.  Just walks toward Beemer.  He's not afraid anymore.  He's pissed off. Beemer moves toward him.
85) 1) dialog: Now, Wade, can we talk here, like two human beings-- We think he's starting the usual negotiation.  But when h gets in range he lets fly with a line-drive right, straight into Beemer's face.  We're talking a John Wayne haymaker punch.  He staggers back, surprised and dazed, and Lenny knees him right in the gut as hard as he can. He drops to his knees, sucking wind.  Lenny draws his Glock and puts it behind Beemer's ear, pulling a pair of handcuffs off his belt.  Okay, we're starting to believe he might have been a cop once.
85) 2) dialog: It's not personal.
87) 0) text: Lenny closes the stairwell door, giving us a quick glimps of Beemer handcuffed to the steel railing.  Lenny moves down the empty corridor. He approaches suite 2203.  The door is ajar.  Always a ba sign.
89) 0) text: As Lenny enters the suite.  It is very quiet.  Dark. Lenny's heart is pounding.  He moves through the luxuriou suite, gun in the low-ready position. Lenny can barely breathe from the tension.  He notices that one balcony door is open.  The roar of the crowd comes in like the sound of surf from far below.  Firework explode across the sky, and the cheers sound like distant screams of slaughter. His feet crunch on broken glass... a shattered champagne bottle.  A lamp is knocked over.  He reaches the door to the bedroom and looks in.  The room is empty.  The bed is unmade, the bedspread and sheet pulled off.  This isn't right.  None of this is right.
91) 0) text: Lenny looks back at the living room.  Suddenly he notices something on the coffee table.  It is an envelope, with NERO hand-printed on it.  He is drawn to it, hypnotically He opens it... ... and with a nightmarish sense of destiny a SQUID TAPE falls out into his hand.
93) 0) text: LENNY, moving as if he's in a trance, puts the trodes on his head.  TIGHT ON THE PLAY BUTTON as his finger punches down. IN POV we approach room 2203.  It is the familiar monochromatic vision of the killer.  Our hands open the door quietly with a keycard.  We enter the suite. Some of the lights are on.  We see Faith out on the balcony.  Watching the sea of madness below.  She comes back in, carrying an empty champagne glass.  She grabs a bottle off an end-table and up-ends it.  Empty.  She hurl it across the room, and it shatters against the wall. We approach her, standing with her back to us.  Closer. Only a few feet now.  She whips around, startled.  Gaspin loudly.  But then... she recognizes the wearer.
93) 2) dialog: No, no, no... IN POV we see one of our hands come up holding the yellow plastic razor knife.  The blade clicks out to its full length. Our hands reach down and slowly slit her dress open, starting between her breasts and going down out of sight. She groans, squirming away from the cold knife.  The killer's hands open the material, exposing her white body which in his peculiar vision is pure ivory.  The knife deftly cuts off her panties. We unbuckle our pants and reach for her, grasping her hips, pulling her to us. ON LENNY, gagging.  Overcome by revulsion and horror, mixing obscenely with the pleasure flooding into him from the tape. BACK TO POV as we pull our belt out of the belt loops of our pants and wrap it around Faith's neck.  Faith begins to pant in tiny rapid breaths.  We tighten the belt slowly. LENNY tears the trodes from his head.  He clutches his stomach, gasping for breath.  Carrying the playback deck, he staggers into the bedroom... to the bed.  He stares wildly around the room. One whole wall of the bedroom is mirrored.  In the mirror he spots a shape, on the floor beyond the bed.  It is covered in the bed sheet, but it is clearly a human form, propped up against the wall on the far side of the night stand.  He missed it in his earlier look from the bedroom door. Lenny moves around the bed and reaches down to the foot o the figure, grasping the edge of the sheet with a trembling hand.  With horrified apprehension he pulls on the sheet. It reveals the head and upper body of... Tran Vo. The last thing he expected.  Lenny leans close and sees that Tran is breathing shallowly, but his eyes are vacant He looks like Tick did. Lenny sits on the bed and puts the trodes back on.  The fireworks and screaming outside sound like some nightmarish war, like the sound of the world coming to an end.  But all Lenny cares about is what's on the tape.  H hits PLAY. THE POV CONTINUES where it left off.  Faith's body lurche with the Wearer's thrusts.  His hand tightens the belt. Lenny feels the climax building. Faith's body shakes as the killer comes... she cries out herself, in pain... or is it?  The killers hand releases the belt.  We see Faith gasping for breath and moaning. Suddenly the POV whips sideways to the mirrored closet doors along one wall.  In the mirror is a reflection of the bed and on it Faith.  And on her... ... MAX. Pants down, her legs pulled up around him.  They are both gasping for breath, spent, following their shattering orgasms.  He runs his hands over her sweat-slick belly. LENNY is stunned beyond his power to imagine.  He does no have the strength or the will to stop the tape. IN POV Max's hands remove her blindfold.  She looks right at us, still gasping with the aftershocks of her pleasure Max's hands undo the handcuffs, freeing her.  She reaches for us, her eyes glittering with sated lust.  We slump forward onto her, and her face fills the POV.
93) 18) dialog: No.  I suppose not.  I didn't know you were colorblind, Max.
93) 21) dialog: Where's Faith?
93) 23) dialog: What makes you think I'm gonna kill Tran? Max looks out the window at the fireworks.  Waits for a flash, knowing that the bang will follow.  Keeping his ow .45 on Lenny, he aims Lenny's Glock at the catatonic Tran BLAM!  One right into Tran's forehead.  The crack of thunder from the fireworks masks the sound.
93) 25) dialog: Jesus!
93) 27) dialog: So... I killed Tran.  Then you ran in, being on his payroll, and shot me.
93) 29) dialog: Wait a minute.  Now I'm remembering. I killed Iris too, didn't I?
93) 31) dialog: Was I a really busy guy?  Did I do Tick too?
93) 33) dialog: So why Max... why d'ya have to do Iris?  She never hurt anybody. CU FAITH, reacting to this.
93) 35) dialog: I won't say anything.
93) 38) dialog: And who was, regrettably, also your best fucking friend.
93) 40) dialog: You must be so pleased, I followed your jellybean trail right here, like a good little chump.
93) 43) dialog: So there never was a death squad.
93) 45) dialog: Just those two loose-cannon cops running around covering their butts.
93) 47) dialog: How did you hook up with Faith?
93) 58) dialog: (crushed)
94) 6) text: These two are under arrest for murder. Strickland looks Spreg in the eye and holds up Lenny's squid tape.  Spreg and Engelman react, knowing they are over.  The helicopter Xenon gives the whole moment an otherworldly quality.  Like they are in some celestial court of judgment.
94) 8) dialog: Are you okay? A trickle of blood runs down her face.  She nods weakly and reaches for him.  They hug, then they both wince in pain.  Mace sees the cops running in to arrest Spreg and Engelman.  One of them unhooks Spreg from the tower.
94) 10) dialog: 
94) 14) dialog: Yeah, what? CUT TO SEVERAL MINUTES LATER.  Mace and Lenny are being escorted through the crowd by Strickland and a number of cops who part the rowdy mob before them. Lenny and Mace are both limping, bruised, cut up.  Lenny' arm is drenched with blood from his shoulder wound.  They support each other like two soldiers after a battle. Mace sees Faith... FAITH, escorted by a couple of cops, passing near them.  She is in handcuffs and her eyes are dull.  Mace turns back to Lenny...
94) 16) dialog: Naw.  They just have to ask us a few questions... for about six hours. They pass DEATH, with the (plastic) BABY still in his arms.  Life out of Death in the endless continuum.  Lenny pushes the scythe out of the way so they can get past. They reach a row of police cars and an ambulance.  The EM guys run to Lenny, helping him painfully out of his suit jacket.  Strickland motions Mace toward a waiting squad car.  Lenny sees... The CLOCK MIME, who smiles at him and puts his hands at midnight.  We hear a roar passing through the crowd.  A huge chanting and cheering, that becomes thunderous as everyone begins to shout the countdown to midnight.
94) 25) text: Hey, Lenny.  We made it.
94) 26) dialog: Yeah.  We did. She hugs him.  Then pulls back.  Friends... yes.  And always.  But there's that line that she can't cross.  Onl he can do that.
94) 29) dialog: See you downtown.