1) 69) text: See we call it "being wired," but there's no wire.  You gotta keep the recorder close... five, six feet away max, like in your jacket pocket by the bed or wherever you're going to close escrow, know what I mean?
15) 9) dialog: You see the look on that preppy puke's face?  Fuckin' pissed in his Topsiders.
15) 12) dialog: Come on, amigo, the world's full of marks.  And nobody knows how to work 'em like you do, pal.  You could sell a goddamn rat's asshole for a wedding ring!  Let me buy you a drink.
15) 15) dialog: Fuckin' A right I'm mad!  I might kill every man in here.  But first I'm buyin' my buddy here a drink. (seeing another regular)
15) 16) text: Hey O'Neal!  You were right, your wife does give good head. Max lurches onto a barstool and hunches there like a misanthropic bear, pounding the bartop.
15) 17) dialog: Bobbyyyy!  Tequila por favor! Double shots.  Make it Tres Generaciones, huh.  Nothin' but the best for my good friend Lenny, the finest cop that ever got thrown off the vice squad.  Hey, nice tie.
15) 19) dialog: D'you always have to dress like a fuckin' pimp?
15) 21) dialog: That's not sayin' much.
15) 23) dialog: To the jungle!  Where outa the blue some shitbird can cap you in the back of the head and ruin your whole day. He downs it in two fierce gulps.
15) 25) dialog: Yup.  So darn lucky.  I wake up with a .22-short floating in my brainpan, and a cop pension I can't live off of.  Good thing I wasn't any luckier.  Bobby!  Another shooter right here! Bobby pours for Max.
15) 26) dialog: You seen Faith lately? Lenny reacts visibly to the name, his whole demeanor sagging.
15) 28) dialog: Just as well, Lenny.  You gotta get past it.  I mean sure, Faith was by far the most outstanding woman a guy like you could ever hope to get, I mean it's completely and deeply humiliating that she's gone, but it's over, campadre.
15) 30) dialog: I just hate to see you pining away. It makes me want to vomit, frankly. (philosophically)
15) 35) dialog: (looking at her face)
15) 39) dialog: (as Lenny reacts to the name)
19) 0) text: Mace scopes the room quickly, professionally, then heads for the bar. ON Max and Lenny at the bar.
19) 1) dialog: See, if you packed your piece you could've made the guy see sense.
19) 3) dialog: An ex-cop that doesn't carry.  It's embarrassing.  I oughta not be seen with you. (as she slips up behind them)
19) 4) text: Hey, Mace.  What's goin' on? She plants herself between Max and Lenny and takes a generous handful of their nachos.
19) 9) dialog: Sucks. (attention caught by TV)
19) 12) dialog: To the end of all things! (slugs down the shot)
19) 14) dialog: I'm telling ya, it's over.  We used it all up--
19) 18) dialog: Yup.  He was Jeriko's manager. (to screen)
19) 21) dialog: Sssssh!  Not in front of Lenny.  You may trigger a maudlin display which will force us to tranquilize him. ON THE SCREEN, Tran is being jostled as he walks, answering the reporters questions in a glare of minicam lights.
33) 0) text: Turning a corner from the dressing room into the CORRIDOR Lenny runs into Max.
33) 2) dialog: I was gonna tell ya.  Hey, it's just a job.  I feel like shit about it.
33) 4) dialog: I figured, what the hell, I could take the prick's money and make sure Faith was OK at the same time.  Do us both good.  Right?
33) 8) dialog: I'm on her. Lenny climbs the stairs to the MAIN FLOOR, pushing his wa through the crowd. Vita, watching the backstage area leans over to Tran, whispers in his ear.  Tran makes a sign to Beemer, and he stands to go after Lenny. Mace, at the bar, sees the Tran-Vita-Beemer action, looks around for Lenny.  Can't find him.  But figures there's got to be only one reason Beemer's on the prowl: he's looking for Lenny.  She whips out her cellular. CUT TO: Beemer, grabbing Lenny in a painful come-along hold and hustling him toward the back of the club. Lenny's cellular rings.
37) 0) text: Neon reflections on the roof of Mace's limo as it pulls into the lot and slides up to Max's car.  Max is sitting in the open door, feet on the pavement, eating dumplings from a take-out carton.  He looks up as Lenny and Mace ge out of the limo.  Sees their expressions.
37) 1) dialog: Ohhhh shit. TIME CUT: Lenny, sitting on the hood of Mace's Lincoln, has his head propped in his hands.  His eyes are distant... replaying.  Still shocked to his soul.  Mace paces nearby. Max sits in the open door of his car ten feet away, trode on, playing back the tape.  His face is transformed into an ashen mask lit by neon... mouth open in shock.  With shaky hands he stops the deck. Opens his eyes.  Long beat.  He glances down at the dim- sum carton in his hands.
37) 2) dialog: Well... I've lost my appetite. (lofts it into a nearby dumpster)
37) 5) dialog: You alright?  Y'okay?
37) 7) dialog: Let's work it.
37) 9) dialog: Come on, Lenny.  You used to be good at this stuff.  Play it down. What's the perp doing?
37) 11) dialog: And he records it.  Thrill kill. Wants to see it again.  And again.
37) 13) dialog: But at the same time he's sending the signal to her--
37) 15) text: I've seen a lot, Max.
37) 16) dialog: So've I.  Too much.
37) 18) dialog: Top ten.
37) 22) dialog: That's right.  He wants to share. Needs an audience.  This is one sick puppy.
37) 26) dialog: He's skull-fucking you, bud.  Trying to get a reaction.  Maybe pushing you to do something.
37) 30) dialog: Problem is, Lenny knows everybody.
37) 34) dialog: Naw, he's right.  They'll figure Lenny's the perp, or go through his client list, ruin his life... such as it is.  Look, I'll call the guys in Homicide... tell them she was a friend of mine and they'll keep me in the loop.  Get me the forensics and all that. (he opens his car door)
44) 2) dialog: Hey, the last day of the world and you spend it in bed.
45) 0) text: Max, on the cellular, across the street from a church where mourners stream out of a memorial for Jeriko One. The sidewalk and street are clogged with fans, and furthe off -- a cordon of very anxious-looking crowd control cops.
45) 1) dialog: Not a whole hell of a lot.  They've just been saying words over Jeriko. Tensions running pretty high down here.  I'm telling you. WHAT MAX SEES across the street... SLOWMO as Tran comes out of the church with Faith next to him.  Corto, Vita, Duncan and Beemer form a loose protective shell around them as the press bears down, shouting out questions. Tran ushers Faith into a waiting limo and climbs in after her.  The rest of the muscle keeps the press away from th car as it pulls away. CUT TO: Max, still on the phone to Lenny.
45) 3) dialog: Yeah.  She's leaving with Tran so I got to boogie.  Real quick... Iris checked into the Sheraton last night under a false name.  Paid cash.
45) 5) dialog: Yup.  Hey, so I heard you dropped in on Tran last night.  Another slick Lenny move.
45) 7) dialog: I'm on her, amigo.  No worries. Gotta jam.
59) 31) text: Hang on.  Hang on, Max. (looks at Mace)
60) 0) text: As Max drives along a crowded downtown street.
60) 1) dialog: (into phone)
64) 0) text: Lenny and Mace pull in with a SQUEAL of brakes and park the car.  Sound of rock music -- some kind of refried psychedelia -- coming from Tick's van down the ramp. Mace and Lenny get out, approaching the van.  Hearing tires squeal, they turn to see Max pull up.  He gets out wearing an ill-fitting rental tux.  Music louder, echoing in the empty garage, even though the van is shut tight.
64) 1) dialog: Sounds like Tick's already celebrating.
64) 8) dialog: Is he dead?
64) 13) dialog: Those two psycho cops are on a slash-and-burn to find the tape and cover their tracks.
64) 15) dialog: There's more to this whole thing than you think.
64) 17) dialog: All I'm saying... you don't know how high up the food chain this thing goes.  I've heard stuff.
64) 19) dialog: Smoke.  Rumors.  I've heard stuff about a death squad.  A group a guys loyal to the hardline school.  Guys that've had too many years of city hall and the review boards and the goddamn media pissing down their necks, suspending cops right and left, tying their hands... while outa the other side a their mouths these same people're squealing save us, save us, do something you fucking morons, crime is totally out of control. Lenny takes this in.  All the fight goes out of him.  Thi is just too overwhelming.
64) 21) dialog: Yeah.  So don't walk near me in public, alright.
64) 25) dialog: (interrupting)
64) 28) dialog: No.  Bad idea.
64) 31) dialog: Listen to me, Lenny... stay away from cops.  All cops.  You have no way of knowing who you can trust. Mace looks from one to the other with a growing expressio of outrage.
64) 33) dialog: Fine.  Do you want blood running waist deep in the storm drains?  The gangbangers'll spread like a wave through this city and burn it to the ground.  And when the fires start the street cops'll be capping off at anything that moves.  It'll be all- out war and you know it.
64) 35) dialog: You really want that on your head?
64) 37) dialog: (together/annoyed)
66) 0) text: A grungy black corridor.  The thunder of music gets loude with each step as Lenny and Mace walk down the corridor with purposeful strides. Through chainlink partitions and banks of dark equipment, Lenny catches glimpses of the stage.  He can see Faith in a blue-white spotlight.  She is a whirling dervish, convulsing with the divine madness of her music.  Beyond her, beyond the lights, in the gloom... Lenny can just se Tran and his entourage.  Dressed in tuxes, they look out of place... clearly on their way somewhere else as the evening progresses. Faith whirls to a stop as the band crashes in a final downbeat.  The spotlight goes out and the set is over. ON TRAN, clapping.  Watching. NEARBY, Max arrives through the crowd, scanning for Tran... spotting him. BACKSTAGE... FAITH, bathed in sweat, walking along a dark corridor backstage.  WE TRACK WITH HER, as she walks through the shadows, like a fighter returning from the ring, soaked and breathing hard. A HAND shoots from a black doorway and covers her mouth, pulling her into the shadows.  Terrified for a split second... before she recognizes that it is Lenny.  He pulls her into the room and closes the door.  It is Tex Arcana's VJ control room, full of monitors and constantly changing graphic images.  Tex is not there.
67) 2) dialog: Tran, listen.  I was wondering how you want me to work it tonight, down at the Bonaventure.  You want me downstairs at the party or upstairs at the suite?  Where you going to be, mostly?
68) 0) text: While Max stalls, Faith talks.
71) 5) text: Not here.  Lets go. They back off, fading into the crowd... catching up with Tran at the exit. Mace watches them recede.  Then she bends to Lenny.  Max arrives a moment later and they lift him to his feet.
72) 0) text: Max and Mace support a semi-conscious Lenny, hustling him to the car.  As they are putting him in the car, TWO LAPD OFFICERS come through the crowd, eyeing the bleeding Lenny.
72) 1) dialog: Everything's cool.  Too much to drink. Lenny picks this moment to slump sideways, falling half out of the car.  The squid tape of the Jeriko kill falls out of his jacket pocket and clatters to the pavement. Mace's eyes go wide.  The boot of one of the cops is inches from it.
76) 0) text: Lenny is in a chair in the kitchen, listening to Max on the cellular.  He is holding a dish-towel full of ice cubes on his scalp.  It is soaked with blood and his Armani jacket and silk shirt are spattered.  Mace lifts the ice pack to check that the bleeding has stopped.
77) 0) text: TIGHT ON MAX, leaning against a pillar.  He looks over hi shoulder, around the column. MAX'S POV: through a dense throng of glitterati we see Tran and his entourage seated at a table, holding court with music types and politicos.
77) 1) dialog: He's got her up in the room, under guard.  And he's still working the party... acting smooth like nothin's nothin'.  So buddy... I say we work a trade.
77) 3) dialog: Give him the tape.  See?  It's fucking brilliant!  The tape for Faith.  I know he'll go for it.  I can set it up.
77) 5) dialog: Come on!  If he gives us any shit, we kill 'em all.  Whattya say? (same old Max)
78) 2) dialog: I intend to. Lenny punches END.  Mace looks at the number written in blood on the white formica.  Her eyes ratchet up, boring into Lenny.  Not noticing, he gets up, still woozy, and staggers to his wardrobe bag across the room.
81) 4) text: Come on, Max.  Come on, buddy... (two more rings)
81) 5) text: Damnit. He looks around now.  Starting to feel the creeping edge of panic.  No Tran.  No Max.
93) 5) dialog: This piece of puke hired me to kill you, baby.  Do you believe that? Isn't that right, Tran?  You pinhead.
93) 7) dialog: Believe it.  Now bring me the trodes, baby.  Come on, quick.
93) 10) dialog: I'm not.  Just a little poach job.
93) 12) dialog: Hey, he was going to kill you.  And this ratfuck paid to have Iris killed, to save his own sorry ass. Tran freaks at that point but Max jams the gun deep into his throat, up to the trigger guard, choking off his words.
93) 13) dialog: You shut the fuck up, right now, I'm gonna pull this fuckin' trigger! K-BANG!  Faith shrieks, thinking Max shot him.  But it's just the start of the fireworks outside (remember all thi has already happened relative to Lenny entering the suite).
93) 14) dialog: Look, baby, it's now of never... the guy is a known input junkie, so a little OD won't surprise anybody. It's the only way we can be together.  You know it's true.
93) 16) dialog: Here's how much I love you, baby. She stares, transfixed, as Max reaches for the deck.  He punches PLAY.  Max puts his hand over Tran's mouth to muffle his screams as the input hits his brain like a screaming chainsaw of static from Hell.  The screaming outside, the pandemonium, give the moment a special madness. The POV turns, looking out the window... staring fixedly at burst after burst of brilliant fireworks.  Like the fireworks inside Tran's head. THE TAPE ENDS. Lenny takes off the trodes.  He is wrung out, drenched with sweat.  We see that there is a figure standing in th doorway behind him.  Lenny turns, not surprised to see Ma there with his .45 aimed at Lenny's chest.  Max's surgica gloves look incongruous with his tux.
93) 17) dialog: Don't make any assumptions about our friendship, Lenny. Lenny stands up, slowly.
93) 19) dialog: Only way I could stand your ties. Max moves up to him cautiously, and takes the Glock out o Lenny's waistband.
93) 20) dialog: I'll have that.  Glock 22.  Nice.
93) 22) dialog: I sent her to the party.  I figured I'd wait up here until you killed Tran.
93) 24) dialog: You just did.
93) 26) dialog: You know, statistically that's the second most common word people say right before they die.  Shit being number one. Max sticks Lenny's Glock in his waistband, keeping his ow .45 trained on Lenny.  Lenny knows the next bullet is for him.  He does what he does best... talk.
93) 28) dialog: That's pretty much the way it happened. CUT TO FAITH in the living room, moving silently up to th edge of the door frame.  She looks through the crack between the door and the jam.  Her POV: Max with the gun on Lenny.
93) 30) dialog: That's right.  They'll find the original of her snuff clip in your apartment.  The one I left for you at the club was a copy.
93) 32) dialog: You bet.  Did you like it? Lenny drops the cutesy role.
93) 34) dialog: Picture it... I feel like I gotta share this with somebody.  It's too perfect.
93) 36) dialog: I know.  So, I'm working for this puke, right?  And he says he'll pay me quite large to do the hooker. But also I gotta do his bitch girlfriend cause she knows the whole score and she's totally out of control. Lenny nods.  Starting to see it.
93) 37) dialog: Only he doesn't know about me and Faith.  So I say to myself, if I turn the job down, he just gets somebody else.  And I lose Faith... to coin a phrase.  So to buy time, I do the skank.  I still gotta do something about Tran... I figure it's him or me... but I can't cap him without a chump to take the fall.  And who better than his girlfriend's loser ex-boyfriend... a known criminal... who has been seen hassling them in public numerous times.
93) 39) dialog: No plan is perfect, Lenny.  Hey, cheer up.  World's gonna end in ten minutes anyway.
93) 41) dialog: You got froggy on me a couple times. CUT TO: The Underground Garage, where Tick has been cooked-off.  We see Max running his number on Mace and Lenny.  Lenny buying it.
93) 42) dialog: I thought that riff about the Death Squad was pretty good.  I hadda keep you from bringing the cops into it. AND BACK again to REAL TIME.
93) 44) dialog: Naawww.
93) 46) dialog: Yeah.  Pretty zany, huh?  All this shit caused by a random traffic stop.  Hey... nothing means nothing. You know that.  Look around... the whole planet's in total chaos.  You gotta take what you can, while you can.  Cause some shitbird can come up and put a fuckin' .22 in the back a your head any second. CUT TO: A brief, violent flash from the Jeriko tape: Spre shoots Jeriko.
93) 48) dialog: This dink hires me a month ago to eyeball her, right?  But Faith knows me from you, right, so she comes up to me and says, 'Hey Max why you following me?' I say, 'I'll buy you a drink and explain.' And she says...
93) 50) dialog: You were supposed to go downstairs, baby.
93) 52) text: So I said, 'Do you enjoy watching me?'  And you said -- come on Max.
93) 53) dialog: I said, 'Yeah.  I'd even do it for free.'
93) 55) dialog: (to Lenny)
93) 59) text: Jesus, Faith. Faith runs her hands appreciatively over Max's shoulders and arms.  Then, in an eyeblink, she grabs his forearm in both hands and deflects the gun.
93) 61) dialog: Fucking bitch!! BLAM!  BLAM!  Max fires wildly, trying to hit Lenny, who is just barely keeping the muzzle out of his face.  Faith grabs Max's hair, trying to pull him away... His "hair" comes off in her hands.  A prosthetic wig, containing the squid-net array.  Max's head is shaved to Sinead O'Connor stubble.  He looks demonic, grimacing wit effort as he struggles with Lenny. He continues firing.  The shots hit the mirrors.  ANGLES of the reflected images of them shattering.  Faith, screaming, reflected, her face fragmenting into shards. The crystal chandelier shatters, reigning glassy snow on them from above. Max is stronger and heavier than Lenny, but Lenny has one advantage: Max has managed to make him really angry. Lenny gives a guttural cry and drives Max backward into the doorframe.  They tumble together into the living room falling together over the couch.  Lenny pounds Max's hand against the glass coffee table, shattering it.  He forces Max's hand along a glass edge, cutting it, and Max drops the gun.  Lenny reaches for it, but Max kicks it away a split-second before his hand touches it.  It skitters under the couch, out of play. Max punches Lenny brutally in the face, then in the gut, and grabs him with both hands.  He hurls him against the wall.  Lenny staggers off the wall into several vicious punches from Max.  We feel the tide turning.  Lenny goes down to one knee. Max pulls out his knife and flicks it open.  Lenny throws a lamp.  Max ducks and charges through.  Lenny spins away from the downthrust. The knife embeds itself in his shoulder blade, sunk into the bone.  Lenny punches Max in the throat and jerks away pulling the knife handle out of Max's hand.  Max tackles him and they crash together through a sliding glass door onto the balcony.  Explosion of flying glass. Max pulls a dazed Lenny to his feet and rushes him backward toward the railing.  At the last instant, Lenny twists with all his strength and spins Max into the railing, using his weight against him.  He pushes hard an Max topples. As he is going over, Max grabs Lenny's tie, pulling him over.  Max is dangling 12 stories above the oblivious crowd, his entire weight hanging from Lenny's tie.  Lenny has one arm and one foot hooked around the railing, and h is being strangled by the tie. Lenny is starting to black out.  In agony he gropes with his free hand to his own shoulder blade, finding the handle of the knife.  He jerks it out of himself.  Max sees it coming a split second before it happens. Lenny slashes the knife across the tie, just above Max's hands. Max takes the express elevator to Hell.  He hits 12 stories down, on top of a video truck. Lenny stands there panting, bleeding down the back of his jacket.  Faith runs to the railing and looks down.  All the strength goes out of her legs.  She sags to the floor Fireworks continue to boom across the sky. Lenny looks down at her, gazing at the object of his quest.  She looks up at him, her wet eyes seemingly at th bottom of a deep well from which he cannot save her. He turns and walks away.  It's hard.  But he keeps walking.