1) 2) dialog: Don't have a fucking coronary, Lenny.
1) 4) dialog: Sorry. LENNY NERO is low thirties.  Handsome.  Charming.  And yo better check to see if you still have your ring after you shake with him.  He is wearing an expensive Italian jacket, and what he thinks of as a "power tie." His Rolex isn't real.  His greasy hair is too long and curls around his collar.  He needs to shave.  A little sleazy.  But he has energy, and heavy street smarts. Lenny is sitting on the hood of his '97 BMW 1035i.  Tick is facing him, sitting in the back of his beat-to-shit 70's van.  There are a lot of tapes and tech stuff piled inside the van.  Lenny has a Haliburton case open next to him, like a drug dealer.  In fact the whole setup looks like a drug deal, but it's not.  Though it is illegal. The case holds Lenny's personal playback deck, his trodes and a rack of the little tapes in which he deals.  They are about the size of DAT tapes, and hold about 30 minute of sensory experience... everything a person sees, hears, and feels... recorded directly from the cerebral cortex a the moment it is happening.
1) 6) dialog: With all the blood I guess they didn't see the rig.  Guy had it under a wig.
1) 8) dialog: I got ways, Lenny, I got ways. (off Lenny's impatient look)
1) 11) dialog: Fuck that!  The last part's the best.  You dry-dive six stories and blammo!  Jack right into the Big Black.
1) 13) dialog: Yeah, when did that start?  Come on, man!  It's what people want to see, and you know it.
1) 15) dialog: Come on, Lenny.  I got expenses.  I got to get this rig fixed.  Look at it... Tick holds up a zip-lock bag containing the Walkman-sized stainless steel CORTICAL RESONANCE RECORDER, the record deck we saw earlier in the POV.  Also in the bag is the SQUID NET, a matrix of sensors designed to conform to the human head (this is different from playback trodes).  The whole works are covered with congealed blood.
1) 16) dialog: Give me six at least.  This's a good clip, here.  Gets you pumpin'.
1) 18) dialog: Now that is cold, Lenny.  I always bring you choice. Lenny fishes around in a cardboard box at Tick's feet, pulling out a tape.
1) 20) dialog: Hey, you're always saying, 'Bring me real life.  Bring me street life. And, like, one man's mundane and desperate existence is another man's Technicolor.'
1) 22) dialog: Ha!  That's for fucking sure.
1) 35) text: Jimbo.  I'm there, Jimmy.  Right now, can't you hear me knockin'? CUT TO LENNY working his way through a crowded club, musi pounding.  Strobe lights.  We don't see much.  He hears his phone rings and pulls the tiny DIGITAL CELLULAR out o his breast pocket.  Sticks a finger in his other ear and answers. CUT TO LENNY, back in the BMW, on the streets.  On the move.
50) 0) text: POV: squid tape of Iris' death.  Quick barrages of the savage imagery interspersed with bursts of static... ... until Tick slips off the trodes.  He's been totaled b what he's seen.
50) 1) dialog: Whoa.  That is one unbelievable piece of eyefuck.
50) 3) dialog: Well... the guy's fucked up.
50) 5) dialog: No, I mean the killer's got some kind of distortion in his visual cortex.  The color and gray-scale values are all messed up, like color blindness. He gives the tape a fast run through his processing equipment.
50) 6) dialog: Lookit, you see the peak period ratios there?  Could be some kind of tumor or brain lesion or something. Some kind of trauma (shaking his head)
50) 9) dialog: Well, it's cutting awful close to me.  I mean she was just here.
50) 11) dialog: Iris, man.  Pay attention.
50) 13) dialog: Yeah, she came by last night. Shaking like a junkie, wanting me to make a copy of some clip.
50) 15) dialog: I don't know, man, she wouldn't let me see it.  Said I wouldn't want to see it.  She said she was going to give it to you to hold for her. Like insurance or somethin'
60) 2) text: Don't talk to anybody.  Anybody. You're invisible.  Okay?  Just meet me at Tick's in a half hour.  And Lenny... don't get pulled over.
64) 0) text: Lenny and Mace pull in with a SQUEAL of brakes and park the car.  Sound of rock music -- some kind of refried psychedelia -- coming from Tick's van down the ramp. Mace and Lenny get out, approaching the van.  Hearing tires squeal, they turn to see Max pull up.  He gets out wearing an ill-fitting rental tux.  Music louder, echoing in the empty garage, even though the van is shut tight.
64) 3) text: Yo, Tick!  It's Lenny.  Open up! Mace slips out her .380, on alert.
64) 5) text: Tick, I got to talk to you, man... oh shit. Tick's slumped in the back of the van with playback trode on his head.  He's breathing, but otherwise he's still. Near lifeless.  A cyborg after a power outage.  All the equipment in the van is trashed.