3) 1) dialog: I don't understand why you had to bring so many books, Ofelia. Ofelia turns her gaze toward the opposite seat, where her mother, CARMEN, 28, is napping, her enormous stomach evidence of advanced pregnancy. She, too, has black hair.
3) 2) dialog: We're going to the country... the outdoors... plenty of fresh air. She takes the book away from Ofelia.
3) 3) dialog: Fairy tales? You're too old to be filling your head with such nonsense. She pauses, feeling nausea.
3) 4) dialog: Ask them to stop the car- please- Ofelia knocks on the partition window of the sedan. The Driver stops.
4) 0) text: The caravan of cars stops. Carmen hurriedly climbs down a moves to the front of the main car. Gasping for air, she battles the nausea. Ofelia timidly approaches her.
4) 1) dialog: Ofelia, wait up. She grabs her pregnant abdomen.
4) 2) dialog: Your brother's not well. Ofelia nods and moves away. SERRANO, a military man, clim out of the car behind them and approaches Carmen solicito
4) 4) dialog: Water- just a bit of water-
4) 6) dialog: Ofelia?? The sound of Carmen's voice startles the creature, which off. Ofelia runs to her mother's side. OFELIA. (enthusiastic) A fairy- I saw a fairy!!
4) 7) dialog: Oh- look at your shoes!! They're covered in mud! They head back to the caravan.
4) 8) dialog: When we get to the mill I want you to greet Captain Vidal. That man- has been very good to us, darling. You have no idea- So, I want you to call him "Father." Do you hear me? "Father..." It's just a word, Ofelia. The Stick Insect lands in a nearby tree and observes inqu as Mother and daughter climb into the main car and head o A beat later, the Stick Insect flies after them.
5) 2) text: Captain!! They're here- The caravan of Bentleys stops in front of the building. V and his group moves in. Servants and Soldiers unload lugg withy military efficiency. In charge is MERCEDES, a young but strict country woman. Vidal greets Carmen.
5) 4) dialog: I- I don't need it- I can walk by myself.
5) 6) dialog: N-no... Vidal leans towards her and whispers -ever so softly- in ear:
5) 8) dialog: Ofelia. Greet the Captain. She is wheeled away. An awkward silence passes between th young girl and the Captain.
8) 0) text: The doctor stirs some drops of medicine into a glass of water. Carmen lies back in a monumental carved bed. On he lap there are several playing cards.
8) 3) dialog: Go. Close the door so I can sleep.
9) 1) dialog: Jesus- Your feet- they're frozen. She caresses Ofelia's head. The wind picks up and the hou timbers moan and creak.
9) 2) dialog: Are you scared? OFELIA. A little bit. OFELIA. What's that noise?
9) 3) dialog: Nothing, just the wind. Nights here are different from city nights. There, you hear cars, trains. Here the houses are old and creaky. The house utters a series of deep, rumbling noises.
9) 4) dialog: Almost like they're speaking. Tomorrow, I'm going to give you something special. OFELIA. A book?
9) 5) dialog: No, something much better. A beat of silence and then- OFELIA. Why did you have to get married?
9) 6) dialog: We were alone too long. OFELIA. You weren't alone. You were never alone.
9) 7) dialog: When you're older you'll understand. It hasn't been easy for me. She winces in pain-
9) 8) dialog: Your brother's- he's acting up. Tell him one of your stories so he'll calm down. Ofelia gently leans on her mother's stomach and taps it one finger, as if it were a telegraph key.
9) 9) dialog: My brother, my brother... Carmen closes her eyes and listens to her daughter's voic OFELIA. ... a long, long time ago in a grey, sad country...
14) 0) text: Eyes wide, Ofelia hears a dry rattle, followed by a soft ululation at the window, which is half open. The curtains billow. The mill groans. Ofelia is restless. Then- a dry clicking noise. OFELIA. Mama, wake up- Carmen doesn't move. A scuttling noise reaches her ears a something small and quick skitters over the floor. OFELIA. Mother- please! There's something in the room- Impossible. Ofelia gets up and carefully puts on her shoe Something shifts in the ceiling beams. Ofelia looks up, searching. Nothing. Suddenly, something the size of a human hand scurries past her feet and hides under the bed. Then, pulling at the goose down comforter, the Stick Inse up into the bed. Ofelia leans over it, shocked. OFELIA. H-hello- Did you follow me here?? The Stick Insect clicks its mandibles. OFELIA. Are you a fairy?? The Stick Insect regards her with curiosity. OFELIA. Look- This is a fairy- She picks up one of her books and opens it to an illustration: a beautiful fairy. The Stick Insect scrutinizes the illustration and sits up opens and closes its wings, transforming into a GREEN FAI a tiny human form with striped wings. The Green Fairy flies to the foot of the bed, pointing to the window. OFELIA. You want me to go with you? Outside? Where?
20) 0) text: Carmen opens one of her travel trunks.
20) 1) dialog: Ofelia. Your father is giving a dinner party tonight... Look what I've made you. She lifts out a beautiful green dress in shiny silk and ivory tulle. Ofelia studies the dress as if it were a strange artifac rather than something she might wear. Mercedes enters wit breakfast tray.
20) 2) dialog: Do you like it? What I wouldn't have given to have a dress as fine as this when I was little. In a reverie, Carmen takes out a pair of new patent leath shoes and a green silk hair ribbon.
20) 3) dialog: (to Ofelia) And look at these shoes! Do you like them? Ofelia makes an effort and smiles a weak smile. OFELIA. Yes, they are very pretty. But Carmen is not fooled-
20) 4) dialog: Go on, now. Take your bath. Go- Ofelia obeys- She enters-
22) 0) text: Alone now, Carmen readies the little green dress.
22) 1) dialog: Hurry up. I want to see the dress on you. I want you to be beautiful for the Captain...
23) 0) text: On her right shoulder, Ofelia examines, exactly as the Fa said, a birthmark in the form of the crescent moon... CARMENвЂ™S VOICE You'll look like a princess- Ofelia smiles. OFELIA. (to herself) ...a princess...
37) 0) text: Carmen, in a velvet maternity dress and in her wheelchair wrings her hands in anguish. The dining room is looking i best, with sparkling crystal and china at each place setting.
37) 1) dialog: (to Mercedes) Have you checked in her room?? And the garden??
40) 2) dialog: Ofelia's father was a tailor - he used to make the CaptainвЂ™s uniforms-
40) 4) dialog: -and after he died, I went to work at the shop. A little more than a year ago, the Captain and I met again... Vidal moves his hand away from Carmen's.
40) 8) dialog: Please, excuse me. All the men get up as Carmen leaves the dining room. The Guardia Civil Capitan smiles at Vidal.
41) 1) dialog: What you've done hurts me. When you get out of the tub, you'll go to bed without dinner. Ofelia listens in silence, holding back.
41) 2) dialog: Are you listening? Sometimes | think you'll never learn to behave. You've disappointed me, and your father, too. OFELIA. The Captain?
41) 3) dialog: Yes- Him more than me. The faintest trace of satisfaction is visible on Ofelia's face. Carmen leaves. The Green Fairy flies in through the open window. Ofelia greets it. OFELIA. I've got the key. Take me to the labyrinth.
45) 1) dialog: (weak) Ofelia...
46) 0) text: Ofelia returns to her mother. Huge torrents of blood flow from the bed onto the floor. Carmen extends a bloody hand toward the girl.
46) 1) dialog: (barely a whisper) Ofelia... help me... She gets out of bed; the lower half of her body is completely bloody. Ofelia runs to her. Carmen disappears from her arms.
64) 2) text: The music drifts upstairs into the Upper bedroom. Ofelia approaches her mother, who is asleep in bed, sweat profusely. She caresses her face. There is a breakfast tray on the night stand. Ofelia empties a glass of milk into a bowl and pulls the mandrake root out from under her clothing. She submerges in the milk, then slides the bowl under the bed. She bites her finger until a small drop of blood appears. falls into the milk... The mandrake twitches, sucking avidly at the pink liquid. The root uncoils into the floor, spiralling around the le of the bed-frame. Ofelia hears FOOTSTEPS: somebody's coming into the bedroo Ofelia stays down: she can see a pair of shoes. It is the Doctor. He checks Carmen's pulse and temperatur
74) 1) text: She places the tray on the night stand. Carmen and Ofelia play card games by the light of the oil lamp. The Doctor readies Carmen daily doze of sleeping medicati into a glass of water for Carmen.
74) 3) dialog: I don't think I need it. I feel better.
84) 2) dialog: Please, leave her be! Vidal turns: Carmen has awakened. She motions for him to stop.
84) 4) dialog: Ofelia, what is this doing under the bed? OFELIA. (matter of fact) It's a magic root the Faun gave me!
84) 6) dialog: Leave us alone, I'll speak to her, Darling...
84) 8) dialog: You have to listen to your father. You have to stop all this. Ofelia hugs her mother with all her might. OFELIA. No- I want to leave this place! Please, let's just go -
84) 9) dialog: Things are not that simple. Carmen pries her off and looks her in the eye.
84) 10) dialog: As you get older, you'll see that life isn't like your fairy tales. The world is a cruel place. She moves away and near the open chimney. The firelight cast shadows over her sweaty face.
84) 11) dialog: And you'll learn that, even if it hurts. She throws the root into the fire!! OFELIA. Noooo!!
84) 12) dialog: Ofelia!! Magic does not exist! She grabs the girl by the shoulders, shaking her.
84) 13) dialog: Not for you, me or anyone else! Then- a horrible, inhuman squeal. The dying shriek of the mandrake!!! Ofelia watches in horror as the humanoid root writhes and squeals in the chimney flames!!! Carmen gasps and doubles over in pain, clutching her stomach. Ofelia holds her as best as she can. OFELIA. Help, help, help!
85) 0) text: A stream of servants hustles up and down the stairs with steaming basins and clean towels. Some go in and out of t bedroom. The SOUND of Carmen's screams. Vidal and Ofelia wait impatiently outside the bedroom. Beyond the half-open door: chaos. Mercedes washes her blo hands in a wash basin. Ofelia listens to her mother's cries. Carmen's screams stop, replaced by a NEWBORN'S CRY. The PARAMEDIC walks towards Vidal and whispers-
111) 0) text: Ofelia stands. The labyrinth has disappeared. This is an immense hall, in a dark, sumptuous castle. A swarm of fairies floats around her head. Before her, on a golden throne sits the KING OF THE UNDERWORLD. At his side, an almost unrecognizable Carmen - radiant an gilded, she has transformed into a FAIRY QUEEN. Between them, there is another throne, empty, waiting. Ofelia looks at the King- OFELIA. (a whisper) Father...