8) 0) text: The doctor stirs some drops of medicine into a glass of water. Carmen lies back in a monumental carved bed. On he lap there are several playing cards.
8) 1) dialog: Just four drops at bedtime and you'll sleep all night long. He gives her the water and the medicine vial. Carmen drin weakly. Ofelia stands by her side.
8) 2) dialog: Don't hesitate to call if you need anything, Madame. You- or your little nurse. He grins at Ofelia, then exits the room. Carmen gives Ofe the medicine vial.
8) 4) text: In the hallway, the doctor finds Mercedes waiting for him They proceed in silence down the hallway and look down in the foyer: empty.
8) 6) dialog: This is all I could get. I'm sorry. Mercedes sighs, disappointed.
12) 3) dialog: Very weak. Vidal closes the watch.
12) 5) dialog: Your-? Serrano and Garcés enter the room.
12) 8) dialog: For the moment, there's no reason to be alarmed.
12) 10) dialog: Captain. Your wife- she shouldn't have traveled this late in the pregnancy.
12) 14) dialog: Captain... Vidal stops and looks at him fixedly.
12) 15) dialog: One more thing, sir. What makes you so sure it's a boy?
38) 5) dialog: Excuse me, Captain, how can you be so sure?
48) 0) text: It’s raining. Vidal and the Doctor stand near the front entrance:
48) 1) dialog: Your wife needs absolute bed rest. She'll be sedated from now on. The girl should sleep somewhere else. I'll stay here until the birth.
50) 1) dialog: Don’t be afraid- it’s just me-- Mercedes exhales, relieved.
50) 3) dialog: Yes.
50) 6) dialog: This is sheer madness. When that man finds out about us, he'll kill us all. Have you thought about that?
50) 8) dialog: It's not fear, at least not for myself. A noise. Then silence. The tree trunks sway and creak softly. Something moves among the trees... Mercedes takes a couple steps... and suddenly, someone is there: it is Pedro, the young guerrilla. He hugs her.
52) 0) text: Mercedes, Pedro and the Doctor arrive at a large cave mou GUERILLA sentries allow them to pass.
53) 2) dialog: Let«s see how that leg is doing, Frenchie-
53) 8) dialog: Look, Frenchie- There's no way to save it. Everyone goes quiet-
54) 0) text: The Doctor readies a stainless steel bone saw.
54) 1) dialog: I'll try to do it in as few cuts as I can. The men give Frenchie the bottle. He gulps down half of i
63) 0) text: The Doctor, Mercedes and Pedro start down the mountain.
63) 2) dialog: And then what- ? You kill him, they'll send another just like him. And another...
63) 4) dialog: You're screwed, no guns, no roof over your heads... You need food, medicine. You should take care of Mercedes. If you really loved her, you would cross the border with her. This is a lost cause.
64) 2) text: The music drifts upstairs into the Upper bedroom. Ofelia approaches her mother, who is asleep in bed, sweat profusely. She caresses her face. There is a breakfast tray on the night stand. Ofelia empties a glass of milk into a bowl and pulls the mandrake root out from under her clothing. She submerges in the milk, then slides the bowl under the bed. She bites her finger until a small drop of blood appears. falls into the milk... The mandrake twitches, sucking avidly at the pink liquid. The root uncoils into the floor, spiralling around the le of the bed-frame. Ofelia hears FOOTSTEPS: somebody's coming into the bedroo Ofelia stays down: she can see a pair of shoes. It is the Doctor. He checks Carmen's pulse and temperatur
64) 3) dialog: Captain Vidal! Vidal paces nervously, nearby-
64) 4) dialog: Her temperature is down...
64) 6) dialog: Yes, but it's a good sign- her body is responding. Vidal stares at the Doctor, not a trace of emotion in his eyes.
64) 7) dialog: Listen to me. If you have to choose, save the baby. That boy will bear my name and my father's name, too. Ofelia hears this from beneath the bed. Suddenly an explosion shakes the room. Vidal looks outsid then another explosion rattles the windows. Bits of plaster drop down from the ceiling onto the groun near Ofelia. Cursing, Vidal rushes from the bedroom. The Doctor follow
74) 1) text: She places the tray on the night stand. Carmen and Ofelia play card games by the light of the oil lamp. The Doctor readies Carmen daily doze of sleeping medicati into a glass of water for Carmen.
74) 2) dialog: This is half the dose: only one drop- As Ofelia comes to the bedside, a weak but conscious Carm pushes the medicine away.
74) 4) dialog: I don't understand it. But I’m glad. Ofelia smiles.
77) 0) text: Vidal calmly smokes a cigarette under an umbrella. Garcé arrives with the Doctor.
78) 0) text: The Doctor comes into the bodega. Vidal stays at the door Stutter is curled up on the ground. His nose is flattened one eye is bloodshot and a head wound is bleeding. Flies buzz around him.
78) 1) dialog: My God, what have you done to him?
78) 6) dialog: I'm sorry- He glances at Serrano, outside smoking a cigarette.
79) 0) text: Vidal brings out the packet of medicine from the cave. He takes out a vial of antibiotics and compares it with the from the Doctor's bag. They are identical.
79) 2) text: The Doctor prepares an injection.
79) 3) dialog: (to Stutter, in a whisper) It will be over soon. Stutter gratefully squeezes his hand. After a brief hesitation, the Doctor administers the injection. The men stare at one another. Slowly, the life ebbs from Stutter's eyes.
83) 0) text: The Doctor holds the dying Stutter in his arms. Garcés s -the syringe in his hands. He understands immediately.
84) 14) text: The Ddoctor and Vidal study each other.
84) 16) dialog: It was the only thing I could do.
84) 18) dialog: I could have. But I did not. From somewhere in the house, someone CRIES OUT. They hear commotion among the servants. The Doctor stands up and collects his bag.
84) 21) dialog: To obey without thinking- just like that- Well- that's something only people like you can do- Captain- Vidal takes out his gun and shoots the Doctor, who drops the ground. Vidal stands over him and finishes him off. A stunned Garcés looks on. It begins to rain. Jacinta an Conchita approach Vidal- an urgent murmur.