5) 2) text: Captain!! They're here- The caravan of Bentleys stops in front of the building. V and his group moves in. Servants and Soldiers unload lugg withy military efficiency. In charge is MERCEDES, a young but strict country woman. Vidal greets Carmen.
5) 12) dialog: Yes, sir. Mercedes glances back to find Ofelia curiously gazing at- -a pile of sandbags. Perched on top- -the big Stick Insect. It fans out its multiple wings. Twice. Ofelia runs over a tries to catch it. But the Stick Insect takes off and escapes. The girl drop books and goes after it.
6) 1) dialog: It's a labyrinth- Ofelia turns- the young woman stands by her side. Ofelia books in hand.
6) 2) dialog: Just a pile of old stones. They've always been there, even before the mill. Better you don't go near it- You could get lost. A ray of sunlight breaks through the grey clouds and illuminates the old ruins. Mercedes hands her the books. OFELIA. Thank you.
6) 3) dialog: Have you read them all? Garcés shouts from the mill:
6) 5) dialog: Your father needs me. She turns and walks away- OFELIA. He's not my father. Mercedes doesn't understand. The girl runs up to her. OFELIA. The Captain- he's not my father. My father was a tailor. He died in the war. The Captain’s not my father! Mercedes can't help but smile at the girl's sudden vehemence.
6) 6) dialog: Well, you've made that clear enough. They walk away together. OFELIA. Did you see my mother? (Mercedes nods) She's pretty isn't she? (Mercedes nods) You saw her belly? She's sick with child. As they go into the house, the Stick Insect - perched ato the labyrinth's archway - monitors their every move.
7) 6) dialog: Yes, Sir... Turning his attention back to his maps, Vidal takes two olives and pops them into his mouth.
8) 4) text: In the hallway, the doctor finds Mercedes waiting for him They proceed in silence down the hallway and look down in the foyer: empty.
8) 5) dialog: You must come up the mountain and see him- the leg wound- its getting worse... The doctor nods timidly and gives Mercedes a small PACKAG wrapped in dark paper and neatly tied in string.
8) 7) dialog: He's downstairs- don't keep him waiting. The doctor moves downstairs. Mercedes glances toward the Upper Bedroom and- -discovers Ofelia, watching her attentively- how long has she been there? The girl closes the door quietly.
17) 0) text: Now, alone in the massive dining room, Vidal shines his boots. Methodically. This is obviously a daily ritual for him. By his side: th two scrawny rabbits he impounded the night before. Mercedes brings him a cup of coffee.
17) 2) dialog: They are too young.
17) 4) dialog: Yes sir. She turns to leave but Vidal stops her gently.
17) 7) dialog: Yes, sir. She moves into-
18) 1) dialog: (hands out the rabbits) Take them to the table- Two old, stout cooks, JACINTA and PAZ, wash the gigantic work table with boiling water.
18) 2) dialog: (to the others) He didn't like the coffee.
18) 4) dialog: We're going to need some beef and one more chicken. We have more guests- Conchita, Paloma and two other GIRLS pluck chickens, peel potatoes, etc.
18) 6) dialog: The doctor's wife and the mayor's, too.
19) 0) text: Mercedes and Conchita empty buckets of hot water into a porcelain bathtub.
24) 0) text: Mercedes organizes the kitchen.
24) 1) dialog: Make sure those chickens are cleaned properly... and the beans... Mercedes takes out a small, sharp knife from the folds in her apron. She skillfully chops an onion. The bustle suddenly stops. Everyone looks toward the door where, among chicken feathers floating like confetti, Ofe stands, dressed in green silk.
24) 3) text: What a dress!! Mercedes smiles. She's pleased too, but she claps her han together-
24) 4) dialog: Get back to work, stop wasting time. They obey. Mercedes goes next to Ofelia.
24) 5) dialog: Do want some milk with honey? Ofelia nods eagerly.
25) 0) text: Mercedes puts a bucket under a huge milk cow.
25) 1) dialog: Step back, I don't want you getting milk on your dress, with you looking so pretty. Mercedes begins to milk the cow. OFELIA. Mercedes, do you believe in fairies?
25) 2) dialog: No. But when I was a little girl, I did. I believed in a lot of things that I don't believe any more. OFELIA. Well, last night, a fairy visited me. And it wasn't alone, there were lots of them - and a faun, too.
25) 3) dialog: A faun?? Mercedes picks up the bucket and fills a wooden bow! wit milk. OFELIA. He was very old, very tall and smelled like dirt.
25) 4) dialog: My mother warned me to be wary of fauns- Suddenly, Vidal and Garcés approach them.
26) 0) text: Vidal and Mercedes walk toward the bodega, or storage building, adjoining the mill. Guards unload giant sacks of provisions from trucks. A Ci Guard CAPITAN supervises the operation and greets Vidal.
27) 5) dialog: Yes, sir. Mercedes hands over the key from her large key ring.
27) 7) dialog: The only one. Vidal locks the padlock. Yanks on it: nice and strong.
37) 2) dialog: Yes, madam. The VOICES of the dinner guests get louder. As Vidal ente
37) 5) dialog: Pleasure to meet you.
38) 14) text: The kitchen door opens and Mercedes enters, trembling. On the verge of tears, she grabs a lantern and readies to leave.
38) 15) dialog: Put the coffee on. I'm going for more wood. She leaves the kitchen.
39) 0) text: The mill receding in the distance, Mercedes hurries uphil She pauses next to a large wood pile and sadly gazes at t forest. Using her hand to shield the lantern's light she signals woods- one, two, three times. Then she turns around- She sees-
39) 1) dialog: Ofelia- Shivering, covered in mud, Ofelia climbs downhill and int Mercedes’s arms.
49) 0) text: Ofelia surveys the filthy attic and the dark, low ceiling full of holes. Mercedes and Conchita make a bed with a large comforter a several fluffy pillows. Conchita leaves.
49) 1) dialog: Don't worry. Your mother will get better soon, you'll see. Having a baby is complicated. Ofelia shakes her head. OFELIA. Then I'll never have a one. Mercedes sits by her side. OFELIA. You are helping the men in the woods, aren't you? This comes out of the blue. Mercedes freezes and after a long beat:
49) 2) dialog: Have you told anyone? OFELIA. No, I haven't- I don't want anything bad happening to you.
49) 3) dialog: Or me to you- They embrace softly. OFELIA. Do you know a lullaby?
49) 4) dialog: Only one, but I don't remember the words. OFELIA. I don't care. I still want to hear it. As she sings we-
50) 0) text: Mercedes is alone in the kitchen. She carries a canvas ba There is a low flame burning on the charcoal range. She kneels down and removes a tile from the floor: she ha hidden some food, a bottle of Orujo and some papers. She transfers everything to the canvas bag. Someone comes int the kitchen, startling her.
50) 2) dialog: Are you ready?
50) 4) dialog: Well, let's go.
50) 7) dialog: Are you that afraid of him, Doctor? After a long beat-
50) 9) dialog: Pedro, Pedro- My brother. He kisses her on both cheeks. The Doctor looks around wi alarm as twenty more men appear from out of the shadows.
52) 0) text: Mercedes, Pedro and the Doctor arrive at a large cave mou GUERILLA sentries allow them to pass.
53) 0) text: The walls are covered with soot. A dozen more guerillas sit around an open fire in the mid of the cave. Mercedes opens up the canvas bag and starts handing out letters, food, tobacco and newspapers.
53) 1) dialog: I've brought some Orujo, tobacco, cheese. Some mail for "Trigo" and "Piloto.". The men divide a newspaper among themselves. One page eac The doctor approaches a group of wounded men. One of them FRENCHIE, is very weak. His leg is bandaged.
63) 0) text: The Doctor, Mercedes and Pedro start down the mountain.
63) 6) dialog: Here’s the key- but you can't come down now. It's exactly what he wants- He kisses her on the cheek.
63) 8) dialog: I'ma coward.
63) 10) dialog: Yes, I am- a coward for living next to that sonofabitch, making his bed, feeding him... What if the Doctor's right and we cannot win? Pedro looks at Mercedes, hugs her fiercely.
69) 0) text: Mercedes comes down the service stairs into the kitchen. runs to the window. All the kitchen maids are there.
69) 1) dialog: What's happened?
71) 0) text: Mercedes stands, in the middle of the rain not knowing wh to do- where to go- where to run- Vidal approaches her.
71) 2) dialog: I-I needed to get in the bodega-
72) 0) text: -the prisoner is Stutter. Stutter and Mercedes look each other in the eye- There is a mixture of relief and pity in Mercedes! eyes. A guard closes the door.
73) 0) text: Mercedes takes the hidden knife from her apron and peels vegetables. Rapidly and mechanically. The kitchen is bustling with activity, but her mind is miles away. She picks up a dinner tray.
85) 0) text: A stream of servants hustles up and down the stairs with steaming basins and clean towels. Some go in and out of t bedroom. The SOUND of Carmen's screams. Vidal and Ofelia wait impatiently outside the bedroom. Beyond the half-open door: chaos. Mercedes washes her blo hands in a wash basin. Ofelia listens to her mother's cries. Carmen's screams stop, replaced by a NEWBORN'S CRY. The PARAMEDIC walks towards Vidal and whispers-
86) 0) text: A beautiful afternoon: the sun is shining, the sky is cle Gathered around a grave are the Mayor, his wife, the Prie all THE SERVANTS FROM THE MILL, the guards and Vidal in a civilian black dress suit, with his newborn son in his ar Ofelia weeps silently. Mercedes puts her hand on Ofelia' shoulder. They lower the coffin into the grave.
88) 0) text: Vidal wipes a record with his shirt sleeve. He places it the Victrola. Mercedes lays the sleeping baby in a simple wooden cradle
88) 2) dialog: We all knew him, sir. Everyone around here.
88) 6) dialog: What someone like me thinks of you- hardly matters, Sir- He pours himself a glass of Orujo and pours one for her a well.
88) 8) dialog: Yes, sir- right away.
88) 10) dialog: Sir?
88) 12) dialog: Y-yes.
88) 15) dialog: Good night, sir. Vidal watches her leave as he sips his liquor.
89) 0) text: The music from Vidal's study carries into the kitchen. Mercedes pries up the loose floor tile and fills her canv bag with letters and groceries. She hears a noise, and stops: nothing... She hurriedly keeps packing.
90) 1) dialog: Shh. Ofelia- I'm leaving tonight. OFELIA. Where are you going?
90) 2) dialog: I can't tell you. Ofelia puts her arms around her neck. OFELIA. Take me with you, please.
90) 3) dialog: I can't, my child- OFELIA. Take me with you.
91) 0) text: Ofelia and Mercedes cautiously move away from the mill. Mercedes uses an old umbrella to shelter the girl from th rain.
92) 0) text: The two women wade the shallow end of the river. Suddenly noise- Mercedes pauses, agitated.
92) 1) dialog: I heard something- She listens intently.
92) 2) dialog: Nothing- It was nothing. When she turns, she's surprised to discover- Vidal, Serrano and half a dozen men surrounding them. Vid nods at them, gentlemanly.
94) 0) text: Vidal takes the canvas bag from Mercedes. He opens it and brings out a few meager items.
94) 7) dialog: That's what you always thought. That's why I was able to get away with it. I was invisible to you. Vidal rolls up his sleeves and unbuttons his shirt collar
94) 11) dialog: At first, I won't be able to trust- I'm not some old man -! Not a wounded prisoner- ! Sonofabitch- sonofabitch- Don’t you dare touch the girl... You won't be the first pig I've gutted -! With a brutal thrust - from the inside out - she slices o his cheek. Vidal collapses, gurgling blood. Mercedes uses the knife to cut the ropes as quick as she can. Once free, Mercedes runs toward the door.
96) 0) text: Mercedes runs through the trees. Suddenly a rumble makes her turn around: A group of TEN M on horses surges into view. She stumbles, losing ground. Mercedes gets up, limping now- She gets to a clearing. Closing in, Garcés dismounts. Si other riders surround her. Mercedes flashes her knife. Th horsemen tighten the circle around her.
104) 0) text: Mercedes walks up the attic stairs, followed by Pedro and few of his men.
109) 0) text: -where Pedro and his men are waiting. In their midst: Mercedes. With a loud bang- gunshots tear into Vidal. Vidal falls t his knees, hoisting his howling son in the air.
109) 4) dialog: No- Pedro steps over to Vidal, gun in his hand.
109) 5) dialog: (to Vidal) He won’t even know your name. Mercedes! words are Vidal's last and most painful wound. face goes pale- - and Pedro shoots him in the head. Vidal collapses, dead.
110) 0) text: Mercedes and Pedro reach the rotunda. Mercedes kneels nex to the dying girl. Crying, Mercedes hums a sweet Galician lullaby. Ofelia's pupils dilate. Her blood runs down into the well, into the puddle at the bottom. The moon's reflection shimmers. In the book, an image takes shape: Ofelia at a royal cour in front of a fabulous banquet.
112) 0) text: - and finally dies. In her eye: one frozen tear. Mercedes hugs the dead girl. CAMERA dollies back. The moon is reflected at the bottom the pool. Buzzing in the night air is the Stick Insect.