1) 0) text: In the foreground, OFELIA - 11 years old, skin white as snow, ruby lips and ebony hair - is sprawled on the groun A thick ribbon of blood runs from her nose. But - the blood is flowing backward into her nostril. Dro by drop, the blood leaps up and disappears. Ofelia's pupils dilate-
3) 0) text: Looking out the window: OFELIA. She's dressed in plain, slightly frayed clothing. Not ver dainty. On her lap is a book of fairy tales. CAMERA studies one of the watercolors that adorn the page an illustration of a little girl dancing with several fairies flying around her. At her side, a small pile of similar books in a book stra
4) 0) text: The caravan of cars stops. Carmen hurriedly climbs down a moves to the front of the main car. Gasping for air, she battles the nausea. Ofelia timidly approaches her.
6) 0) text: Ofelia follows the Stick Insect to the edge of a small ri She follows it with her eyes and sees, about 100 meters away, surrounded by trees, the ruins of a garden LABYRINT The CAMERA glides up for a better view. The labyrinth is circular, its paths overgrown and partially blocked. Ofelia enters the labyrinth through an archway. She ventu down one of its pathways and stops-
9) 0) text: Ofelia takes off her shoes and climbs into her mother's b As she cuddles close to her mother-
10) 1) dialog: But no one would dare go near it because its thorns were full of mortal poison. The Stick Insect lands on one of the thorns and then flie into the night sky-
10) 2) dialog: So amongst the men tales of pain and death were told in hushed voices. But there was no talk of eternal life... because men fear pain more than they want immortality. -up, up and then through-
11) 0) text: -the WINDOW of the Upper Bedroom. Through the glass, the Stick Insect observes how Ofelia h mother. OFELIA. So every day the rose wilted unable to bequeath his gift to anyone-- The Stick Insect clicks its jaws in excitement.
12) 1) dialog: Alone and forgotten at the top of that mountain. Forgotten until the end of time... Small steel gears shine like metallic stars on a small swatch of black velvet. Tweezers pick them up and- -put them into place within the workings of a watch. Using a jeweler's magnifying glass, Vidal oils and closes his pocket watch while he listens to cuplГ© (traditional Spanish music) on a phonograph. The doctor comes to the door. Vidal motions for him to enter.
14) 0) text: Eyes wide, Ofelia hears a dry rattle, followed by a soft ululation at the window, which is half open. The curtains billow. The mill groans. Ofelia is restless. Then- a dry clicking noise. OFELIA. Mama, wake up- Carmen doesn't move. A scuttling noise reaches her ears a something small and quick skitters over the floor. OFELIA. Mother- please! There's something in the room- Impossible. Ofelia gets up and carefully puts on her shoe Something shifts in the ceiling beams. Ofelia looks up, searching. Nothing. Suddenly, something the size of a human hand scurries past her feet and hides under the bed. Then, pulling at the goose down comforter, the Stick Inse up into the bed. Ofelia leans over it, shocked. OFELIA. H-hello- Did you follow me here?? The Stick Insect clicks its mandibles. OFELIA. Are you a fairy?? The Stick Insect regards her with curiosity. OFELIA. Look- This is a fairy- She picks up one of her books and opens it to an illustration: a beautiful fairy. The Stick Insect scrutinizes the illustration and sits up opens and closes its wings, transforming into a GREEN FAI a tiny human form with striped wings. The Green Fairy flies to the foot of the bed, pointing to the window. OFELIA. You want me to go with you? Outside? Where?
15) 0) text: The Green Fairy flies swiftly, but Ofelia follows close behind. Suddenly it stops! TheyвЂ™re at the ruins of the labyrinth, which is bathed moonlight. Trees and roots crowd the broken niches, as if fused with the stone. Some of the pathways are blocked by gnarled tr that have grown through the rock.
21) 0) text: Ofelia, alone in the bathroom, opens the magical book. At first, the page is blank, but a wondrous image takes shap Ofelia and five chestnuts. Squatting at her side, under a huge tree: a massive TOAD. Then a KNOCK on the door-
23) 0) text: On her right shoulder, Ofelia examines, exactly as the Fa said, a birthmark in the form of the crescent moon... CARMENвЂ™S VOICE You'll look like a princess- Ofelia smiles. OFELIA. (to herself) ...a princess...
28) 1) dialog: When the forest was young, a fig tree took root and grew to colossal size.
29) 0) text: Ofelia walks away from the mill and into the woods.
29) 1) dialog: When the forest was young, it was home to creatures who were full of magic and wonder...
30) 1) dialog: At the heart of this forest stood a colossal fig tree. The Forest Folk slept in its shadow.
31) 1) dialog: But now, the tree is dying. Its branches are dry, its trunk old and twisted. Ofelia finds herself under a huge FIG TREE that has twist into an arch reaching to a nearby crag.
31) 2) dialog: A monstrous toad has settled in its roots and won't let the tree thrive. Ofelia opens her leather bag. Inside there are five large chestnuts.
31) 3) dialog: You must put the three magic rocks in its mouth and retrieve a magic key from its insides. Only then will the fig tree flourish again. The tree roots are partly exposed. The tree itself is surrounded by a large mud puddle. Ofelia decides to take off her fancy silk dress. She carefully hangs everything - including her hair ribbon - the tree branches. Finally she's down to only a simple cotton slip and her shoes. As she enters- The wind picks up and moves her hanging dress. Then, a sudden gust sends the hair ribbon flying.
32) 0) text: Ofelia crawls slowly; the gaps between the roots are narr and claustrophobic. A few big, black pill bugs are nestled in the mud. Ofelia keeps going.
34) 0) text: Ofelia's progress is slow. Water oozes from the surroundi roots and mud. Bugs crawl on her arms. She hears a sudden, soggy movement up ahead. She takes ou the five chestnuts - which are so large they barely fit i her hands - and works her way toward the noise. Soon, she comes face to face with- -an immense TOAD, as big as a boar. His golden eyes blink his cheeks puff rhythmically in and out. OFELIA. Hi- The Toad's long tongue flicks out, trapping a couple of beetles and pulling them back into his mouth. Their chitinous shells crunch noisily in its slimy jaws. Ofelia shudders and tries to stand up. As she speaks, a large red pill bug clings to her cheek. OFELIA. lam- I'm princess Moanna and I'm not afraid of you- The Toad observes her, unmoved. OFELIA. Aren't you ashamed? Living down here, eating all the pill bugs and getting fat while the tree dies! FWAPPPP!!!! The Toad sends out its soft pink tongue, whic flattens against her face, then slides off, taking the pi bug and leaving a gelatinous goo. Three of the chestnuts roll to the ground. Ofelia spits disgust. The Toad hunkers down, shaking violently as it croaks. Ofelia backpedals, frightened. The Toad resumes its resti position. Ofelia scoops up the chestnuts. Two fall back into the mu She kneels to get them and- -deftly palms a juicy, fat pill bug. It curls itself into tight ball. She keeps it in the same hand as the chestnut The Toad croaks again, shoots out its tongue, which wraps around her wrist. She stays calm. When the tongue retract covering her hand with viscous spittle, the pill bug is gone. And so are the chestnuts. The Toad croaks violently and suddenly burps up a giganti pearly bubble, which floats in the air, bathed in blood a saliva. And with this, the Toad shrivels away, like a serpent shedding its skin. Ofelia picks up the warty, empty skin and looks at the bubble. In its center: aGOLD KEY. Ofelia plunges her hands into the bubble to grab it.
35) 0) text: Ofelia emerges from under the tree with the golden key in hand. She's filthy, sweaty and exhausted. She nears the place where she left her dress- -but it's not there! After a brief search, she finds her hair ribbon. Covered mud. A few meters away, the dress- covered in wet, mossy mud. It starts to rain.
41) 0) text: Ofelia is floating on the warm water of the tub.
42) 0) text: With the book and the key in hand, Ofelia steps to the center of the well. She is wearing a striped robe. She examines the engravings on the monolith: the Faun, embracing a girl and a baby.
42) 2) dialog: And the baby? The Faun comes near Ofelia chewing a chunk of raw meat.
44) 0) text: Ofelia wakes up next to her mother. She quietly slips out bed; her mother sleeps on. As Ofelia reaches the middle o the room, her mother moans softly.
45) 0) text: Ofelia opens the special book. Impatient, she starts turn the pages- NOTHING. She keeps flipping through, looking and looking. But each page fades to white. Ofelia looks at a beam of sunlight coming in from the sm bathroom window. She reaches out her hand and plays with She looks down at a page in the book. A small red stain h appeared. Blood. It spreads rapidly, until it covers the whole page. Frightened, Ofelia drops the book. The blood flows onto t next page and covers it, too. Ofelia notices a bloodstain on her nightgown. She steps back. Opens the door.
46) 0) text: Ofelia returns to her mother. Huge torrents of blood flow from the bed onto the floor. Carmen extends a bloody hand toward the girl.
47) 0) text: Ofelia hurries from the building and goes to Vidal, who supervises the food rationing. OFELIA. Captain! Come quickly! CAMERA pulls back to follow Vidal as he runs inside the mill. The day is just beginning.
49) 0) text: Ofelia surveys the filthy attic and the dark, low ceiling full of holes. Mercedes and Conchita make a bed with a large comforter a several fluffy pillows. Conchita leaves.
51) 0) text: Ofelia is lying in bed.
55) 0) text: Ofelia takes the book out from under her bed. Opening it, she sees herself illustrated in a room with a lavish tabl full of food. In the wall are three niches. And at the fa end of the table, a pale human figure.
55) 1) dialog: Use the chalk to trace a door anywhere in your room. Open it and start the hourglass - let yourself be guided by the Fairies- Ofelia draws the outline of a door on the wall... and the opens it onto a long hallway. Ofelia goes through, wearin the wicker basket around her neck. OFELIA. Don't eat or drink anything and come back before the last grain of sand falls through...
56) 1) text: In the next room, a large, wooden table overflows with a cornucopia of cakes, meat, fish, liquor, exotic fruits... Light and warmth pour forth from a roaring fireplace. A PALE MAN with a gaunt, featureless face and skeletal bo sits silently at the far end of the table. He's ominously still, his head hanging at an odd angle. I front of him, a small metallic plate displays two human eyeballs. It's very hot: beads of sweat roll down Ofelia's face. He hungry stomach growls. She spots the three niches. She takes out her golden key and considers the doors. Eac one clad in smooth gold, with identical locks. The wicker basket starts to shake furiously. Ofelia opens it. The Fairies fly out. They buzz around the three niches, like flies around hone They fan their wings repeatedly, vibrating, communicating sniffing the gold doors. Stepping back to let the Fairies investigate, Ofelia knoc over a platter of green grapes. She picks them up and puts them back on the table. One of the grapes remains on the floor. The Green Fairy stops in front of the door in the middle, announcing its decision. Ofelia goes to the door and puts the key in the lock. OFELIA. No- It's this one- -she goes to the adjoining door, sticks the key in the lo and turns it. CLACK. She opens the door and reaches through the doorway to tak whatever is there. Her hand nears a package, about 16 centimeters long, wrap ina dirty rag. Ofelia looks around: nothing has happened. All is calm. T Pale Man is immobile. Ofelia readies to exit, but then she spots a plate full o ripe grapes: so many of them!! She looks back at the eerie, sitting figure: immobile and seemingly lifeless. The Fairies warn her repeatedly, tryi to prevent her from eating any grapes. But the girl sneak picks one up and eats it. Unseen by her- The Pale Man lifts his head and grabs the human eyeballs from the metallic plate in front of him. He introduces the eyeballs into twin stigmatas in his pal and uses his hands to look around, splaying his fingers l excited peacock feathers as he discovers- -Ofelia eating yet another grape. The Pale Man jerks toward her, in spastic, disembodied steps. He crouches like an animal ready to pounce. Ofelia turns just in time. The Pale Man roars. The Fairie fly at him and attack! Flailing his arms, the monster turns over the table, dump all the food. Swatting and snapping, he eats two of the Fairies. They HOWL as he bites down... Ofelia runs, carrying the precious package. The Green Fai follows her. The Pale Man comes after her.
57) 0) text: Ofelia gets to the end of the hallway. She pounds the bl wall where moments ago there was a door.
58) 0) text: Ofelia's thumping is barely audible.
59) 0) text: Ofelia sees the Pale Man's silhouette coming up the hallw Ofelia searches her pockets for the chalk. Finding it, sh stands on tiptoe and traces the outline of a door! Ofelia pushes against it and opens-
61) 0) text: Ofelia crawls out the new exit. Her legs dangle briefly. The pale monster leaps at them, snarling. Ofelia pulls herself up and out just in time. The Green Fairy follows thereafter.
62) 0) text: Ofelia slams the door behind her. The marks on the floor disappear and it seals itself shut. All the while, something directly below bumps violently, almost bursting through the floor. When all is calm, Ofelia sits on the bed, exhausted. The Green Fairy flutters and chirps, excitedly.
64) 2) text: The music drifts upstairs into the Upper bedroom. Ofelia approaches her mother, who is asleep in bed, sweat profusely. She caresses her face. There is a breakfast tray on the night stand. Ofelia empties a glass of milk into a bowl and pulls the mandrake root out from under her clothing. She submerges in the milk, then slides the bowl under the bed. She bites her finger until a small drop of blood appears. falls into the milk... The mandrake twitches, sucking avidly at the pink liquid. The root uncoils into the floor, spiralling around the le of the bed-frame. Ofelia hears FOOTSTEPS: somebody's coming into the bedroo Ofelia stays down: she can see a pair of shoes. It is the Doctor. He checks Carmen's pulse and temperatur
66) 0) text: Ofelia comes out from beneath the bed. Tentatively, she n her mother's belly. OFELIA. Brother, brother, if you can hear me... She leans her head gently on it. OFELIA. ...things out here aren't too good. And soon you'll have to come out. Mom isn't doing well. Unexpectedly, the girl tears up. OFELIA. I'm asking you for one thing, just one: don't hurt her. She's very pretty, you'll see. Even though she's sad some of the time. You'll see, when she smiles - you'll love her. So- if you do what I say, I'll make you a Prince in my kingdom... I promise you- a Prince...
74) 1) text: She places the tray on the night stand. Carmen and Ofelia play card games by the light of the oil lamp. The Doctor readies Carmen daily doze of sleeping medicati into a glass of water for Carmen.
76) 0) text: Thunder, lightning, it's raining again. Ofelia is asleep her bed. A shadow passes over her body-
76) 1) text: Your mother is much better, Your Highness- You must be relieved!! Ofelia is startled awake. The Faun looms over her. OFELIA. Yes, thank you. But things haven't turned out so well.
81) 0) text: Ofelia is crawling under the bed- There she finds the mandrake root, bloated and immobile. OFELIA. You're not moving- are you ill? Suddenly, Vidal yanks her out from under the bed.
85) 0) text: A stream of servants hustles up and down the stairs with steaming basins and clean towels. Some go in and out of t bedroom. The SOUND of Carmen's screams. Vidal and Ofelia wait impatiently outside the bedroom. Beyond the half-open door: chaos. Mercedes washes her blo hands in a wash basin. Ofelia listens to her mother's cries. Carmen's screams stop, replaced by a NEWBORN'S CRY. The PARAMEDIC walks towards Vidal and whispers-
86) 0) text: A beautiful afternoon: the sun is shining, the sky is cle Gathered around a grave are the Mayor, his wife, the Prie all THE SERVANTS FROM THE MILL, the guards and Vidal in a civilian black dress suit, with his newborn son in his ar Ofelia weeps silently. Mercedes puts her hand on Ofelia' shoulder. They lower the coffin into the grave.
87) 0) text: Ofelia closes the trunk that held her mother's dresses. S puts away her mother's make-up, letters and photographs. Various medicines and the bottle of sleeping drops are on the night stand. She puts everything into a small suitcas
90) 0) text: Ofelia, sound asleep. A shadow looms over her. She wakes
91) 0) text: Ofelia and Mercedes cautiously move away from the mill. Mercedes uses an old umbrella to shelter the girl from th rain.
93) 0) text: Vidal pushes Ofelia into the attic.
97) 0) text: Ofelia lies on the floor, motionless, defeated, when the Green Fairy appears. Ofelia sits up, and the Faun is there.
99) 0) text: Vidal sews his split cheek and then wraps a blood-staine bandage around it. Ofelia steals in, past the Captain's desk. In the cradle, the baby starts crying. The baby's wails grow louder. The Captain turns around; Ofelia hides but leaves her magic chalk behind. Vidal goes to a small table and serves himself the last o the Orujo. He's takes a sip. The bandage soaks up in bloo and alcohol. He grunts- -and pours himself another one. He's about to take a sip when he sees the chalk on his de He instinctively readies his gun... Then-
101) 0) text: Ofelia lifts her brother from the cradle. OFELIA. We're leaving. Together. Don't be afraid. Nothing is going to happen to you. She wraps him in a blanket and tries to soothe him. Halfw to the door, she hears footsteps and hides in a nook.
103) 0) text: Ofelia runs outside, holding her brother. She looks up. T moon is FULL. She runs toward the labyrinth. Vidal staggers out behind her. In the background, more explosions, flames and bursts of fire. A battle rages in forest. Some bullets whiz past Vidal, but he keeps going.
106) 0) text: Ofelia dashes into the labyrinth. Vidal is not far behind The sleeping medicine makes him stumble and falter. He slumps against a wall. Ofelia gains on him. But right away, she loses her way, but the leafy walls mo aside to guide her-! -first one, then another- -and yet another. Vidal, meanwhile, bumps into obstacles at every turn. Hea spinning, he pauses.
107) 0) text: Reaching the rotunda, Ofelia sees the Faun waiting, half up the stone staircase. Ofelia calms the baby and starts down the stairs toward h
110) 0) text: Mercedes and Pedro reach the rotunda. Mercedes kneels nex to the dying girl. Crying, Mercedes hums a sweet Galician lullaby. Ofelia's pupils dilate. Her blood runs down into the well, into the puddle at the bottom. The moon's reflection shimmers. In the book, an image takes shape: Ofelia at a royal cour in front of a fabulous banquet.
111) 0) text: Ofelia stands. The labyrinth has disappeared. This is an immense hall, in a dark, sumptuous castle. A swarm of fairies floats around her head. Before her, on a golden throne sits the KING OF THE UNDERWORLD. At his side, an almost unrecognizable Carmen - radiant an gilded, she has transformed into a FAIRY QUEEN. Between them, there is another throne, empty, waiting. Ofelia looks at the King- OFELIA. (a whisper) Father...