4) 3) dialog: Madam, are you feeling ill?
4) 5) dialog: (to one of his men) Water, bring water for the Captain's wife. Ofelia walks alongside the road, moving into the woods an further away from the caravan of cars. CAMERA surveys the heavy forest: a tangled tapestry of mo and fog. The trees, swayed by the wind, murmur softly around Ofel She stumbles upon a strange stone by the side of the road Roughly the size of a fist- carved on it, the outline of human EYE. Fascinated, the young girl picks it up. She looks around and finds -amidst the shrubs- an ancient stone monolith incised with Celtic lettering. It's crowned with the grotesque face of a satyr- mouth op wide. A piece of the brutish face is missing: an eye. Ofelia fits the piece of engraved stone in the missing ar A perfect fit. From inside the statue a clicking noise emerges. The wind picks up and- -out of the satyr's open mouth, a STICK INSECT lazily cra out. Ofelia smiles. The insect climbs atop the stone head and studies the girl for a moment. Then-
13) 0) text: The mill and the tents are silhouettes in the night. Soldiers patrol the gravel paths. Vidal, Garcés and Serrano walk towards the outer Water Wheel. There, a small group of soldiers surrounds an OLD and his young SON.
27) 9) dialog: Captain!! Vidal hurries over to Serrano who hands him a pair of binoculars and points to something on the horizon-
27) 10) dialog: Captain, perhaps it's nothing. Through the binoculars, Vidal sees a plume of SMOKE on th horizon.
43) 2) dialog: Have your cards in hand and ready. Let's go. Your name? In a logbook, he makes note of every handout. Mercedes, Conchita and Paz come out of the granary carryi baskets of bread. Each piece is contained in a brown bag with a legend printed. The Guardia Civil Capitan grabs a piece and starts reciting the printed legend.
68) 2) dialog: One group stayed behind - up on the cliff- with rifles... We've surrounded them-
68) 3) text: Holding his gun, Vidal advances on foot through the dripp forest. He is accompanied by a squad of guards. GUNSHOTS. A pair of GUERRILLAS jumps out from a pile of boulders, blasting away. A guard falls down dead at Vidal feet, three bullets in his chest. Vidal, Serrano and Garcés take cover behind a craggy outcropping. Bullets explode onto the stone. Excited, Vidal glances at his Father's watch and smiles.
82) 0) text: Garcés walks to the bodega. Serrano snuffs out his cigarette.
82) 2) dialog: Who?
95) 0) text: Outside, no one has any idea of what has just happened. Garcés, Serrano and other guards go about their business Garcés, in fact, is listening to a radio, tuned to the NATIONAL LOTTERY results. He holds in his hand the Guerrilla's abandoned ticket.
95) 2) dialog: (to Garcés) He let her go!
98) 0) text: Serrano and the injured soldier return to the mill.
100) 6) dialog: Twenty, maybe less, sir- Vidal does the math.