5) 1) dialog: Fifteen minutes late. ANGLE WIDENS to describe a dilapidated WATER MILL. The site consists of a pair of dark stone buildings with corrugated roofs, connected to the mill by a small stone bridge. A large water wheel hangs over the dry riverbed. The wooden beams and columns bear sculpted Celtic motifs here and there, small, odd, carved creatures. The walls have been reinforced with hundreds of sand-bags and wooden pontoons, as if preparing for an attack. CAPTAIN VIDAL and a small group of SERVANTS and SOLDIERS wait patiently outside.
5) 2) text: Captain!! They're here- The caravan of Bentleys stops in front of the building. V and his group moves in. Servants and Soldiers unload lugg withy military efficiency. In charge is MERCEDES, a young but strict country woman. Vidal greets Carmen.
5) 3) dialog: Carmen- Welcome- With a pleasant smile, he touches her pregnant belly and then points at a wooden wheelchair pushed to Carmen's sid by a small, nervous man SGT. GARCES. By his side stands DOCTOR FERREIRO, a pleasant, scholarly man in his mid forties.
5) 5) dialog: Doctor Ferreiro prefers that you don't exert yourself.
5) 7) dialog: Then do it for me... She obeys. As she sits, Ofelia exits the automobile, hold her books close to her chest.
5) 9) dialog: Ofelia- The girl extends her hand. He grabs it, firm but cold. I her left hand.
5) 10) dialog: It's the other hand, Ofelia. He turns to the servants.
5) 11) dialog: Mercedes, take my wife's luggage to her room-
7) 1) dialog: The guerillas are sticking to the woods because it's hard to track them down up there. Vidal is standing at an enormous dining table. Serrano, Garcés and a few lower-ranking officials surround him.
7) 2) dialog: Those pricks know the terrain better than any of us. We need to force them down - Vidal sticks pins into one of the larger maps.
7) 3) dialog: -let's block their access to medicine and supplies. Mercedes enters bearing a tray of olives, cold cuts and a bottle of Orujo liquor.
7) 4) dialog: We'll set up three command posts. Here, here and here. Mercedes glances briefly at the maps, concealing avid interest. Suddenly, Vidal grabs Mercedes by the arm.
7) 5) dialog: Have Dr. Ferreiro come see me.
7) 7) dialog: (chewing) Those bastards are going to starve... you'll see...
12) 4) dialog: She'll rest as much as she needs to. I'll sleep down here. And my son?
12) 7) dialog: My son. How is he?
12) 9) dialog: Good. That’s good.
12) 11) dialog: Is that your opinion?
12) 13) dialog: Well, a boy should be born wherever his father is. And that's that. He heads for the door.
12) 16) dialog: Don't fuck with me. He exits the mill.
13) 0) text: The mill and the tents are silhouettes in the night. Soldiers patrol the gravel paths. Vidal, Garcés and Serrano walk towards the outer Water Wheel. There, a small group of soldiers surrounds an OLD and his young SON.
13) 3) dialog: I'll decide that. Take your hat off when you talk to me. The Son quietly obeys. BAYONA hands the Captain a small gauge rifle and a leather pouch.
13) 4) dialog: We found this weapon. It's been fired.
13) 6) dialog: Shut up, damn it. Vidal takes opens the leather pouch and finds a farmer's almanac. He reads an inscription printed on the back page
13) 7) dialog: "...No God, nor Government, nor Master?"
13) 11) dialog: Go on.
13) 13) dialog: Rabbits, uh? In the pouch, Vidal finds a half-empty bottle of wine.
13) 14) text: Captain, if my father says so- he was hunting rabbits. Vidal hands Garcés the pouch and moves towards the boy, bottle in hand. BAM!! Without warning he flattens the boy's nose with the bottle bottom. The Father screams, horrified, but without the guts to intervene. Vidal lifts the Son up, bashes his nose again and again, leveling bone and cartilage.
13) 16) dialog: Learn to frisk these motherfuckers before you come bothering me.
16) 0) text: Vidal, shirtless, shaves with a switchblade while listeni to music.
17) 0) text: Now, alone in the massive dining room, Vidal shines his boots. Methodically. This is obviously a daily ritual for him. By his side: th two scrawny rabbits he impounded the night before. Mercedes brings him a cup of coffee.
17) 1) dialog: Mercedes, prepare these rabbits for dinner tonight. Mercedes eyes the scrawny animals-
17) 5) dialog: And- This coffee- was burnt. Taste it yourself. She does. Vidal places a hand on her shoulder. There is something unpleasant about this sudden contact, something too familiar. She bears it in silence.
17) 6) dialog: You should keep an eye on it.
25) 5) dialog: Mercedes, come with me.
26) 0) text: Vidal and Mercedes walk toward the bodega, or storage building, adjoining the mill. Guards unload giant sacks of provisions from trucks. A Ci Guard CAPITAN supervises the operation and greets Vidal.
27) 2) dialog: Tobacco, huh? Real tobacco! The CAPITAN hands over some papers with the Falangist letterhead.
27) 4) dialog: Mercedes, the key-
27) 6) dialog: (to Mercedes) Is this the only copy?
27) 8) dialog: From now on, I'll carry it. From outside, Serrano calls him.
27) 11) dialog: It's them.
28) 0) text: Garcés, Vidal and a few of his men ride through the fore on horseback.
30) 0) text: Vidal and his men ride through the forest.
33) 0) text: Vidal and his men probe a forest cave. Inside, they find remains of a campfire. Vidal removes a glove and touches embers.
33) 1) dialog: Less than twenty minutes, they left ina hurry. He finds the remains of food and drink.
33) 2) dialog: A dozen men, at most... In the dirt, he discovers the remains of the package the doctor gave to Mercedes. Inside he finds empty antibiotics containers.
33) 3) dialog: Antibiotics... Garcés comes upon a half-burnt lottery ticket.
33) 5) dialog: They're here. Those bastards are here and they are watching us. He stands in rapt silence. The trees sway gently. He heft the empty package like a trophy.
33) 6) dialog: You left this behind! And the lottery ticket! Come back and get it!! This could be your lucky day - ! Silence. Then, they mount up and ride off. Invisible under the trees, six GUERRILLAS are indeed watching. Among them is PEDRO, a tall and serious young m Ina flash, they all disappear into the underbrush.
36) 0) text: A pair of BENTLEYS sweeps into the driveway. Elegant dinn guests get out of the cars: the MAYOR, his WIFE, and a parish PRIEST. Vidal stands at the front door to greet them. He's in his formal uniform.
37) 3) dialog: May I introduce you to my wife, Carmen. Carmen manages a wan smile of greeting. The Mayor's wife smiles back-
38) 1) dialog: From now on- one ration card peer family. Seated around the table are: the doctor and his WIFE, the wife, Garcés, Serrano, Carmen, the Guardia Civil Capitan Carmen is stony-faced in her distraction.
38) 4) dialog: What we can't allow is for anyone to send food to the guerillas in the mountains. They're losing ground - and one of them is wounded.
38) 6) dialog: We almost got them today. They had this. Vidal pulls out one of the antibiotic vials.
38) 7) dialog: Antibiotics. Mercedes briefly catches the Doctor's eye.
38) 10) dialog: You're wrong about that. The guests grow silent.
38) 11) dialog: I choose to be here because I want my son to be born in a clean, new Spain. Because these people have the idea that we're all alike. But there's a big difference: The war is over and we won. And if we need to kill each of those motherfuckers to agree on it, then we'll kill them all. And that’s that. He raises his glass and toasts.
38) 12) dialog: We're all here by choice. All the guests raise their glasses.
40) 7) dialog: Please, forgive my wife. She hasn't been exposed to the world. She thinks these silly stories are interesting to others. Carmen grows silent. Ashamed. Mercedes discreetly comes over to Carmen and speaks to he Carmen pushes back from the table.
40) 10) dialog: No- I had no idea.
40) 12) dialog: An excellent soldier.
43) 0) text: VIDAL opens the warehouse. A large CROWD OF PEOPLE lines up for rations. The soldiers keep order as Vidal supervises the distribut of wheat, cooking oil and tobacco.
47) 0) text: Ofelia hurries from the building and goes to Vidal, who supervises the food rationing. OFELIA. Captain! Come quickly! CAMERA pulls back to follow Vidal as he runs inside the mill. The day is just beginning.
48) 0) text: It’s raining. Vidal and the Doctor stand near the front entrance:
48) 2) dialog: Take care of her. Heal her. I don't care what it costs or what you need, make her well.
64) 0) text: Once more, Vidal, shirtless, is shaving with his switchbl while listening to music on the Victrola. On the sink: his father's gold and silver watch. Vidal looks at it and then studies himself in the mirror, if sizing up an old enemy. He places the steel blade on h own reflection and- -cuts swiftly.
64) 5) dialog: But she still has a fever?
65) 0) text: Vidal hurries out to the garden. The guards have come out their tents and look at- -a colossal column of smoke and fire in the distance. Another explosion shakes the ground.
67) 0) text: Something has blown a large crater into the rural railroa track. Tipped into it is the smoking ruin of a locomotive Vidal inspects a couple of charred BODIES by the wreckage
67) 2) dialog: What did they steal from inside the freight cars?
67) 4) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
67) 6) dialog: Nothing, are you sure?
67) 7) text: Nothing, who the hell knows that they wanted- other than to make us waste our time. And, just as Vidal realizes he's been tricked. The sound DISTANT GUNFIRE reaches his ears.
68) 0) text: Rain is falling as Vidal's Bentley roars to a stop in fro of the mill. A gunfight is raging. Staying low, the Captain runs over Garcés. There are several cadavers strewn on the ground. Guards have taken cover among the trees. Some bloody, wounded soldiers cower on the ground. Garcés is bleeding from a wound on his forehead.
68) 3) text: Holding his gun, Vidal advances on foot through the dripp forest. He is accompanied by a squad of guards. GUNSHOTS. A pair of GUERRILLAS jumps out from a pile of boulders, blasting away. A guard falls down dead at Vidal feet, three bullets in his chest. Vidal, Serrano and Garcés take cover behind a craggy outcropping. Bullets explode onto the stone. Excited, Vidal glances at his Father's watch and smiles.
68) 4) dialog: C’mon, Serrano, this is the only decent way to die. He leaps out, firing. Two bullets whiz by his head and bu themselves in a tree. Vidal keeps shooting, wounding two of the guerrillas. Gar follows, also firing. Vidal and Garcés get to- -the boulders: kneeling there is a YOUNG GUERRILLA, panti torn to pieces by the gunfire.
68) 5) dialog: Let me see- Can you talk?? The Young Guerrilla gasps for air: a gaping wound on his neck bleeds profusely.
68) 6) dialog: Pity. He empties his pistol into the Young Guerrilla. Garcés i appalled. Vidal reloads and finishes off the second one w a shot to the temple.
68) 7) dialog: (to Serrano) This is useless- we need one alive- Just one- Garcés spots something nearby. Lurking in the bushes is a WOUNDED MAN, gasping for air, wounded in the leg. His face remains hidden.
71) 0) text: Mercedes stands, in the middle of the rain not knowing wh to do- where to go- where to run- Vidal approaches her.
71) 1) dialog: Mercedes?
71) 3) dialog: Not now, Mercedes. A guard comes out. Mercedes can see-
75) 0) text: Vidal finishes rolling a cigarette. He's standing in fron of Stutter, who is tied to a concrete post.
75) 1) dialog: Damn! This cigarette is good. Real good tobacco- He offers him a puff.
75) 3) dialog: We catch one and he turns out to be a stutterer. Fuck! We'll be here all night.
75) 5) dialog: Garcés is right- You better tell us everything. Because, to make it happen, I brought along a few tools. Nothing fancy- Things you pick up along the way. He goes over to a tool box and takes out a hammer, some needle-nose pliers and a leather-working blade.
75) 6) dialog: At first I won't be able to trust you.. But when I use this one- He lifts the hammer.
75) 7) dialog: - you'll own up to a few things... Next, he shows off the pliers.
75) 8) dialog: When we get to this one, we'll have a closer relationship, almost like brothers. You'll see. He picks up the blade.
75) 9) dialog: And when we get to this one, I'll believe everything you tell me. Vidal picks up the hammer.
75) 10) dialog: Now- I'll make you a deal. If you can count to three without st-t-tuttering, you can go. He approaches the shivering man, who looks around as if i search of an answer.
75) 11) dialog: Don't look around, look at me. There's no one above me. Garcés- If I say this asshole can leave-
75) 13) dialog: So, there- count to three. And Stutter tries- sweating- making a supreme effort-
75) 15) dialog: Good. Again, Stutter struggles and manages a-
75) 17) dialog: One more and you will be free. And he goes for it. But-
75) 19) dialog: Pity. His arm is a blur as the hammer lands a terrible blow.
77) 0) text: Vidal calmly smokes a cigarette under an umbrella. Garcé arrives with the Doctor.
77) 1) dialog: Good day, Doctor. Sorry to wake you so early, but I think we need some help. The Doctor goes inside.
78) 0) text: The Doctor comes into the bodega. Vidal stays at the door Stutter is curled up on the ground. His nose is flattened one eye is bloodshot and a head wound is bleeding. Flies buzz around him.
78) 2) dialog: Not much. But things are getting better. Vidal surreptitiously removes a vial of antibiotics from Doctor's medical bag. He wraps it in a linen handkerchief
78) 3) dialog: I like having you near, Doctor. It has its advantages. He moves away along with Garcés.
78) 4) dialog: Serrano, stay here- Once alone, the Doctor opens up his bag and takes out som alcohol and gauze to clean the wounds.
79) 0) text: Vidal brings out the packet of medicine from the cave. He takes out a vial of antibiotics and compares it with the from the Doctor's bag. They are identical.
79) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch-
80) 0) text: Vidal briskly leaves his study. Hearing a door click shut somewhere above- he stops-
80) 1) dialog: (to Garcés) Go check on Doctor Ferreiro. I'll be there soon.
81) 0) text: Ofelia is crawling under the bed- There she finds the mandrake root, bloated and immobile. OFELIA. You're not moving- are you ill? Suddenly, Vidal yanks her out from under the bed.
81) 2) dialog: What the hell are you doing down there? Vidal looks underneath the dust ruffle-
84) 0) text: VIDAL drags out the mandrake root from under the bed. Its foul smell makes him wince.
84) 1) dialog: What the hell is this? He rips it off the milk plate. OFELIA. No! Nooo! Vidal is about to hit the girl when-
84) 3) dialog: Look what she hid under your bed?! What do you think of this? He hands Carmen the mandrake root. Ashen-faced and weak, Carmen looks at the disgusting thing, trying to make sens of it.
84) 5) dialog: This is all because of that junk you let her read. Look what you've done-
84) 7) dialog: As you wish. Vidal, furious, leaves the room. OFELIA. The Faun told me you would get better - and you did!
84) 14) text: The Ddoctor and Vidal study each other.
84) 15) dialog: Why did you do it?
84) 17) dialog: No. You could have obeyed me?
84) 19) dialog: But it would have been better for you- Vidal grips his arm, stopping him.
84) 20) dialog: I don't understand- Why didn't you obey me?? A long beat. The Doctor knows that his response will seal his fate.
85) 0) text: A stream of servants hustles up and down the stairs with steaming basins and clean towels. Some go in and out of t bedroom. The SOUND of Carmen's screams. Vidal and Ofelia wait impatiently outside the bedroom. Beyond the half-open door: chaos. Mercedes washes her blo hands in a wash basin. Ofelia listens to her mother's cries. Carmen's screams stop, replaced by a NEWBORN'S CRY. The PARAMEDIC walks towards Vidal and whispers-
86) 0) text: A beautiful afternoon: the sun is shining, the sky is cle Gathered around a grave are the Mayor, his wife, the Prie all THE SERVANTS FROM THE MILL, the guards and Vidal in a civilian black dress suit, with his newborn son in his ar Ofelia weeps silently. Mercedes puts her hand on Ofelia' shoulder. They lower the coffin into the grave.
88) 0) text: Vidal wipes a record with his shirt sleeve. He places it the Victrola. Mercedes lays the sleeping baby in a simple wooden cradle
88) 1) dialog: You knew the Doctor well, didn't you Mercedes?
88) 3) dialog: The stutterer spoke of an informant here- inside the mill. Can you imagine that? Right under my nose. Vidal places the needle on the record.
88) 4) dialog: Mercedes, please. He points at an empty seat in front of his desk. The musi starts up.
88) 7) dialog: Would you go to the bodega, Mercedes? And bring me another bottle of liquor. Please. He glances at the bottle: a quarter of the liquor still remains.
88) 9) dialog: Aren't you forgetting something?
88) 11) dialog: The key. I have the only copy, don't I?
88) 13) dialog: You know? Something's bothering me. It's not important, a tiny detail- but the day they broke into the storehouse, with all those grenades and explosives, the lock itself was never forced. But as I said- It's probably not important. He gives her the key and hovers dangerously.
89) 0) text: The music from Vidal's study carries into the kitchen. Mercedes pries up the loose floor tile and fills her canv bag with letters and groceries. She hears a noise, and stops: nothing... She hurriedly keeps packing.
92) 3) dialog: Mercedes- Then he gazes down at his stepdaughter.
92) 4) dialog: Ofelia...
93) 0) text: Vidal pushes Ofelia into the attic.
93) 1) dialog: How long have you known about her?? Uh?? He slaps the girl- twice.
93) 2) dialog: How you must have laughed at me, you little bitch!! He turns to his men, awaiting orders by the door.
93) 3) dialog: Lock the door- Keep an eye on her and if anyone tries to get in, kill her first. He exits. Leaving the weeping girl alone in the enormous attic.
94) 0) text: Vidal takes the canvas bag from Mercedes. He opens it and brings out a few meager items.
94) 1) dialog: Dry meat- Tobacco - if you had asked for it, I would have given it to you, Mercedes- Then, a small packet of letters.
94) 2) dialog: I want the names of anyone named in these letters and I want them in front of me- first thing in the morning.
94) 6) dialog: For God's sake, she's just a woman. Garcés leers and leaves.
94) 8) dialog: Damn. You found my weakness: arrogance. How perceptive. But we’re here to find your weak points. Vidal busies himself with his tools: the hammer, pliers,
94) 9) dialog: It's very simple: you will talk... and Ihave to know that everything you say is the truth. Straining against the ropes, Mercedes manages reach the knife in her apron.
94) 10) dialog: At first, I won't be able to trust- Suddenly- WHACK!!! Vidal’s body shudders- -he puts his hand to his left shoulder blade. He looks at his bloody fingers. He turns around and stumbles. Mercedes holds the knife. Vidal reaches for his gun. Mercedes stabs him again, this time deep in his upper ar As Vidal doubles over in pain, she sticks the knife in hi mouth.
95) 6) dialog: (to Garcés) Get her!!! Garcés is shocked- an injured Vidal???
95) 8) dialog: Bring her to me, Goddamit!!! He uncovers his slashed face. Garcés, startled runs to comply.
99) 0) text: Vidal sews his split cheek and then wraps a blood-staine bandage around it. Ofelia steals in, past the Captain's desk. In the cradle, the baby starts crying. The baby's wails grow louder. The Captain turns around; Ofelia hides but leaves her magic chalk behind. Vidal goes to a small table and serves himself the last o the Orujo. He's takes a sip. The bandage soaks up in bloo and alcohol. He grunts- -and pours himself another one. He's about to take a sip when he sees the chalk on his de He instinctively readies his gun... Then-
99) 2) dialog: Now what?
99) 4) dialog: Wounded? He leaves the study. Ofelia comes out from hiding and loo at the cradle, at the crying infant. She takes out her mother's bottle of sleeping medicine an empties it into Vidal's liquor.
100) 1) dialog: What happened?? Where is Garcés?? Serrano shakes his head.
100) 2) dialog: How many were there?
100) 5) dialog: How many men here in camp?
101) 1) dialog: Put the remaining men on picket duty at the tree line- when another squad gets back, have it report immediately to me. Vidal comes back in, followed by the Sergeant.
101) 2) dialog: Call for reinforcements.
101) 4) dialog: Put him down- The girl edges toward the study door. Vidal stumbles towa her. Outside, a terrible explosion shatters the window an shakes the whole house.
101) 5) dialog: I'm warning you- put him down- He trips on his desk, barely staying on his feet. Ofelia runs away. Vidal tries to shake himself awake and goes af her.
102) 0) text: The girl runs toward the kitchen. Another explosion light up the room, allowing Vidal to see her. He heads straight her.
103) 0) text: Ofelia runs outside, holding her brother. She looks up. T moon is FULL. She runs toward the labyrinth. Vidal staggers out behind her. In the background, more explosions, flames and bursts of fire. A battle rages in forest. Some bullets whiz past Vidal, but he keeps going.
106) 0) text: Ofelia dashes into the labyrinth. Vidal is not far behind The sleeping medicine makes him stumble and falter. He slumps against a wall. Ofelia gains on him. But right away, she loses her way, but the leafy walls mo aside to guide her-! -first one, then another- -and yet another. Vidal, meanwhile, bumps into obstacles at every turn. Hea spinning, he pauses.
108) 0) text: Vidal runs down the last path of the labyrinth, leading t the exit-
109) 0) text: -where Pedro and his men are waiting. In their midst: Mercedes. With a loud bang- gunshots tear into Vidal. Vidal falls t his knees, hoisting his howling son in the air.
109) 1) dialog: My son- Mercedes walks forward. Vidal and Mercedes look at each other.
109) 2) dialog: Tell him about his father- About the time his father died- Mercedes takes the baby in her arms. Vidal understands the situation. He takes out his pocket watch and smashes it on the ground.
109) 3) dialog: Tell him-