2) 10) dialog: If our mission is successful, the course of history will be shifted, and fundamental values will be restored to the world. Discipline. Order. Consensus. No longer will our world be dominated by the legacy of the two... (spitting)
2) 12) dialog: And no longer will we hear... this. @ De Nomolos does a hate-filled AIR GUITAR.
2) 15) dialog: We must stop them now. . (then) Brothers and sisters, are we ready? Automatic weapons are pulled, and De Nomolos crosses to a fashioned WAGON which contains TWO COVERED FIGURES.
2) 16) dialog: Fellow Rebels, I introduce to you... my Secret Weapons. De Nomolos suddenly yanks off the cloak, revealing:
2) 21) dialog: Aytomatons, brothers and sisters. only, programmed with ny agenda. The Robots look around. (We’1ll call them EVIL BILL AND T are in every way exact duplicates of our two guys.) De Nomolos turns to then.
2) 24) dialog: Now. What is your mission?
2) 29) dialog: (to the Rebels) And thus, a new future is born. (to the Robots; smiling) Sterling. b0000412
2) 34) dialog: Silence! The bobbing, robotic Bill and Teds are met with nothing b disgusted glares. Having seen enough, creeps back to the elevator and pause Suddenly a hand clasps down on his shoulder. Rufus turns. It’s the Student from the hallway (who was following Wwe)
2) 37) dialog: Are standing directly before him at the elevator door.
2) 38) dialog: Rufus, my favorite pupil... I knew you’d come.
2) 40) dialog: Dead? No. Just... in preparxtion. I worked within the system as long as I could, until I could stand it no longer.
2) 42) dialog: Time will tell. , roar? RUFUS an Time has told.
2) 43) dialog: I will change that. The Students train their guns on Rufus. De Nomolos nods t security pass.
2) 44) dialog: Take us to the booth. De Nomolos pushes in, and we CUT TO:
3) 5) dialog: _(stepping out from behind) Better. De Nomolos signals, and the Rebels blast apart the two ha HOLOGRAMS OF BILL AND TED (to the great joy of Evil Bill
3) 7) dialog: The booth. Beat. The Important People gape, stunned, at Evil Bill an
3) 10) dialog: Now! If you wish to spare the life of your... second greatest professor. (turns) No offense, Rufus. And he slugs Rufus with the butt of his weapon. Rufus dro floor, groggily opening his eyes as... The Most Important Person looks at the others, then slowl a GLOWING GOLDEN BALL... which rises toward the ceiling. Suddenly the PHONE BOOTH descends, coming to a rest in a white light in the center of the room. Evil Bill and Ted stand, heads bobbing agreeably as the R respond to De Nomolos’ litany:
3) 11) dialog: What is the fuel?
3) 13) dialog: What is the engine?
3) 17) dialog: What is the ideal?
3) 19) dialog: (to Evil Bill and Ted) And how will we achieve it? Donning sunglasses, Evil Bill and Ted step into the booth
7) 10) dialog: Good. Then he is gone forever. (then) Now-- first act of business: Destroy their ridiculous, insipid band.
7) 12) dialog: Get to work! And as Evil Ted re-inserts his eye, thus shifting the POo monitor, De Nomolos stares grimly into it, seething, and EXT. BILL AND TED’S APARTMENT - COURTYARD Bill and Ted are walking up the steps toward their second apartment, alone.
13) 27) text: They turn DE NOMOLOS (IN EVIL TED’S EYES) Go to their homes. Turn everyone they know against them. And prepare for the speech.
22) 35) dialog: stop sagting time. Proceed with the ON THE MONITOR, Evil Bill steps INTO FRAME.
22) 39) dialog: I hate them, I hate robot versions of then. Suddenly, ON THE MONITOR, Evil Ted sticks his head back I
32) 6) dialog: (low, amplified) Begin the Emergency Plan.
32) 8) dialog: De not fail me. (as he goes) +++ Metallic buffoons. And he’s gone. Evil Ted, his eyes spinning back, shakes h vigorously.
50) 84) dialog: Who am I? Who am I? I am Nomolos De Nomolos. (gesturing toward Evil Bill and Ted) I am their master. And I must see to it that you die. And with that, he whips out his WEAPON. The guys’ jaws dr
50) 87) dialog: So that in my day-- 700 years from now-~ order will reign. Order and discipline. And now... it is time. 2 And, with that, he slowly pulls the trigger and fires. Bill and Ted recoil but, just before the blast hits them, DEFLECTED by... .
50) 99) dialog: You! De Nomolos starts to reach for his weapon but before he c whips a gun out and aims it directly at hin.