6) 21) text: ROSS fights a difficult cork "You wanna get some glasses, She's an accounts-manager, very pal- ly with our mayor, up to her elbows in fraud, and I just can't prove it ..
10) 25) text: CITRINE continues up the carpet. "Alright, we'll talk abo 25:  INT.  CRIME LAB.  POLICE STATION.  NIGHT. A florescent glow from a T.V. monitor supplies the only l BERLIN vacillates interest between the scanner and the sc
12) 0) text: BERLIN sits at a desk at the end of the room. Nothing her a legal pad and a phone. The pad is covered in names &amp Right now he's into a call and this is sounding promising old?" And he writes 26. "How long?" About 6 weeks ago. Ho his eyes as he looks across to a woman called ANN. She's what he's doing on a different line "Wait a minute, I spe ally said I was looking for a girl?" And all hope over be Lesley is a boy. But here comes ANN &amp; this might be s
12) 1) dialog: Shasta-Trinity Institute. Line one.
14) 58) text: Meanwhile the elevator arrives triggering a Voice. "YOU A ON THE FOURTH FLOOR." Doors slide open and Christ look at What kind of eye-defect needs glasses like this? Lenses l ther half of a glass ball.  He's early 30's and decidedly Is he student/staff or what? As he exits they enter stari er him. As the doors close the MYOPIC turns to stare afte 35:  INT.  CHEVROLET.  TRINITY VALLEY.  DUSK. ROSS drives and BERLIN studies Amber's file. "Wanna beer? answer but cans appear anyway from a pack between Ross's
16) 0) text: LETTERS BIG AS A HOUSE. And Loud. The printer reciprocate fast as its mechanics are capable. Details coming in from Diego. VICAP Case Number/F.B.I. Case Number/Victim Status etc. Letters smacking into paper too fast to read. But on tail is repeated constantly and underlined. "Identity Unk Transmission ends and BERLIN hauls at least a yard of hom out of the machine. Can't believe what he's looking at. " He hit six." Reads as he walks back into the big room and interrupted by a call. "Miss Robertson. Holding." He head the phone with eyes following ANN "Find Ross for me, will BERLIN (Phone) Berlin .. yeah .. that's nice of you, Helena, but I already found out .. black, yes .. No, no, of course not, good of you to call .. You heard a what? .. A hollow car?
20) 5) text: The elevator is parked on this floor with its doors half Are you sure you wanna see it? It's another three floors up?
23) 45) text: All he's doing is telling her truth. Up to her to interpr Thought you might wanna comment?
25) 41) text: BERLIN is more amused than annoyed. They arrive at the ca his suggestion is met with an appropriate response from H
29) 3) text: ROSS pokes VENABLES a surreptitious 20 with eyes on the B Right now she's far end of the bar delivering a beer to B (Look at those Amazingly Bos- oms) You wanna beer, King Jay?
34) 29) text: BERLIN moves away and the silence is brutal. Nothing happ but bad vibes. ROSS and BERLIN exchange glances, And this is really bad. BERLIN vanishes into his lab and the door 86:  INT.  CRIME LAB.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. BERLIN and his Dummy wearing a bra and his photographs an rage are all alone. And that's how they wanna be. But the opens and here is ROSS. Have to be a friend to survive in
42) 11) text: Urgency snaps him into close-up. Big noise as wipers clea screen. "I thought I saw a light?" BERLIN stares at the i ute through small binoculars. "There. Flashlight went rig ross those windows!" Instant excitement as the adrenalin in. "Fourth floor. See it? He's fucken in there!" And sud everything including super-sinister Music is happening at 105:  EXT.  CHEVROLET.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. Pines singing as the gale tears into them. Clutching his ester ROSS opens the trunk. A dim light and a fluster of ment. BERLIN sorts out a pair of radios. Selects a channe ROSS whispers "What are you on?" ("local Tac.") Here come 12 cell flashlights and the intense whispers continue. "L
42) 14) text: O.K. it's channel 4 and copy? And they're already on thei 106:  EXT.  BACK OF BUILDING.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. The storm bullies its way around the building. Lights app quickly. But one of them is already fading. It belongs to This fucker's got about 5 minutes in it. And whatever the was it just got changed. BERLIN looks around in apprehens going in there alone ain't no joy - his flashlight ascend fire escape. And there it is 2 floors up. A half opened w
43) 0) text: ROSS savaged by the gale. In considerable anxiety. Less t volt in his batteries. His failure to contact Berlin acce es his concern by the moment. Calls repeatedly "You heari Big close on the radio. Fingers switch channels. Tries ca on five/six. Still nothing and goes to channel eight. "Co John?" Alright fuck it. Light or no light. He's going up Still calling he barges at the wind making for the fire e [You hear me? Just be care- ful now, coz I'm coming up]
46) 2) text: BERLIN looks awful. Showered and shaved but just fucking CITRINE slips focus to the man. And St ANNE imperceptibly
47) 0) text: Close on a pair of dancing needles. They react to voice-l on a twin spool tape recorder. But no sound of yakking in St Anne's ASSISTANT sucks a pencil. Busy with a cross-wor zle. Fills in a word but the Camera isn't interested. It away to discover head phones. And moves closer to hear St [Always figured I'd like to retire to a little town like this - maybe buy a boat even, do some fishing?]
48) 0) text: A change of chairs. A wood chair for the subject. Mobile for the man. Castors give him considerable freedom. Enabl to back off or move in with the intimacy of an ophthalmol St ANNE You fish, John?
48) 2) text: A side table features several pin sharp pencils. A Sony p recorder. Two packets of Pall Mall reds. Two yellow legal The chair moves into reverse and he breaks a puke colored St ANNE Alright, let's not beat about the bush, what ever that may mean, and get down on it. You were specific- ally instructed by your chief, not to go anywhere near the blind inst- itute? So why did you go up there?
48) 5) text: The report that's in his hands. (St Anne knows well which Is this an interview, or an interrogation? St ANNE It's an enquiry ...
48) 13) text: St ANNE cuts him off to pick up the phone. Obviously some vital is needed. "Could you bring an an ashtray in here? coupla guys who smoke in here." And attention back to the You don't mind if I jump around a little this morning, do you? Just while I'm easing my way into this?
48) 21) text: His ASSISTANT brings the ashtray. And St ANNE smiles grat So what can you tell me about you man?
48) 27) text: This is meant to humiliate and meant to annoy and it does Alright, we'll have plenty of time to discuss your "Mystery Man," and his "flexibility" later, Right now, I'd like to talk about the "event."
49) 15) text: St ANNE motors off &amp; refers to notes without looking Which hand was the flashlight in?
49) 22) text: The dead smile and rubber in action. St ANNE changes his St ANNE O.K. I'm corrected. I'm sorry, I made a mistake.
49) 27) text: For the first time St ANNE moves his chair into BERLIN's St ANNE Where's the little gun, Sergeant?
49) 31) text: BERLIN confirms it. Looking very concerned. The wheels re St ANNE shakes out a cigarette and takes his time with ma O.K. Sergeant, here it is. I intend to produce evidence, that will prove you shot Frederick Ross with malice afore- thought. My angle therefore, is to pre- pare a case on behalf of your Chief, to prosecute you for first degree murder.
50) 0) text: The lights on the Christmas tree are off. That just about it up. The word's out and it talks in barren silence as B appears. TAYLOR and SERATO in conference at a desk. The f looks. The latter turns away. BERLIN walks the room into up. "Like some coffee, John?" Seems like ANN is the only olent face around. She gets a lost smile &amp; bewildered his head. Disappears into his room And quietly closes the 130:  INT.  CRIME LAB.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. A picture of Ross fills the frame. Snapped the day they s ed the dump. Blasted with rain. A waterproof cape and a f raised in defiance. BERLIN shifts eyes from the bulletin Pours a last inch of whisky and drinks. Eyes back to the for a last photographic/panoramic record of his time in E The photo of Ross again before his eyes sweep quickly on. ure of Amber Stone. Thumb tacks and maps and tape. Inform relating to specific areas in San Diego. Carlsbad/Ocean B Point Loma. "Jennifer Seven" "Jennifer Eight." But who gi fuck anymore? Two dead dogs on a refuse dump. And now the face of a Dummy. BERLIN stares till someone knocks on the St ANNE comes in smoking a cigarette and eating a ham san St ANNE You go home, John, get some sleep. I don't wanna talk any more today.
52) 0) text: Fingers search out and identify phone numbers. Dial for i ation and HELENA whispers "I need the number for a cab, p 133:  INT.  INTERROGATION ROOM.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. The Camera's getting closer and so is St ANNE. And today is a definite change of mood. Still very measured. Still fessional demeanor. But a bad sense of shit about to come St ANNE .. there was a gale that night .. all the doors are swinging .. so this door swings back and clips you .. and down you go .. within 35 seconds of uncon- sciousness, you're back on the fire es- cape, and you're confused, really con- fused .. you don't know if Tuesdays come in two's or happen once a week ..
52) 1) text: Bit of a cold coming on and near enough for BERLIN to cat You see a figure coming up the stairs. Ross ain't meant to be on the stairs? He challenges you .. and this ain't a piece of wood with a nail through it .. this guy's got a 12 gauge Winchester up your nose .. and he's drunk .. and you're dizzy .. and your eye's fulla blood .. you ain't thinking good, and you're seeing worse .. Wow! .. it just went off! .. You just put him down? .. and you get hit by a Glaser, you stay down .. But he ain't dead .. Now, you realize you shot your partner .. "Oh, Suzanna, how do I get outta this?" I know .. The "Serial Killer" shot him .. And here comes the malice, John .. 17 seconds later, you put another one in his throat .. Isn't that what happened?
53) 0) text: A yellow cab splashes through puddles and pulls up in fro the house. HELENA gets out and pays. No she doesn't need tance. Picks up her suitcase and the cab vanishes into dr 135:  INT.  KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAY. Back door opens and HELENA walks in. First thing she sens cold. This place smells like it hasn't been lived in sinc was last here. And last time she was here she was happy. her case and heads for the living room. Can't see it but the overwhelming gloom. Finds a couch and now she sits to The silence is almost total. But something disturbs it. H looks around. Back on her feet she tries to discover sour the sound. Finally arrives at a table lamp. She feels the and it's hot. A large moth beats itself crazy inside the Reaches in and turns it off &amp; the house is in virtual 136:  INT.  INTERROGATION ROOM.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. St ANNE lights a cigarette. Attention with his notes. Sni a fair bit. He's acquired a toilet roll to deal with it. ionally will tear a sheet or two off to blow his nose. Gl at BERLIN "You want a cigarette?" No he doesn't "I've giv St ANNE You have? .. How about the booze? ..
53) 1) text: How does St ANNE know? Perhaps he doesn't? Sounds like he Too much booze can be very dangerous .. memory black outs .. stuff like that ..
53) 7) text: St ANNE makes a note. Junks the pencil. Sits back in his Were you aware there was a janit- or in the institute that night?
53) 11) text: St ANNE breaks off to blow his nose. BERLIN looks very wo St ANNE I'm really catching cold up here? Must be all this fog?
53) 16) text: BERLIN looks grey as sick. Knows what's coming. And here The flashlight you saw, was his. The "footsteps" you heard, were his. The elevator you were chasing up and down after was empty, and is prone to such activity, due to an electrical fault .. Apparently it happens frequently dur- ing gales. The gale that was swinging the door. That knocked you down. That confused you so much? And here we are, back to where I'm sitting. You wanna tell me what really went on that night?
53) 17) text: It seems St ANNE has effectively destroyed the "Serial Ki scenario. Stubs his cigarette and waits for BERLIN's resp
53) 19) text: St ANNE is winning. And they both know it. And he almost We just dealt with "the man?"
53) 21) text: If St ANNE can raise an eyebrow he does. By implication B ditching his "Killer." During this St ANNE rewinds his So You're telling me it's his flashlight I saw, O.K., he sees my flashlight? And I'm coming up the stairs with a Beretta in my hand. And he's frightened. He hits the door on me. Picks up my gun. He's running. He runs into Ross, and in panic, he shoots him.
53) 22) text: The little Sony snaps to a stop and St ANNE looks at his St ANNE Not unless he had a gun in one hand, and a phone in the other, he didn't. Ross was shot at ex- actly two fifty-seven a.m. The janitor put a call through to the local police, at 2:57 a.m. You obviously realize how I can get so accurate with my timing?
53) 23) text: St ANNE backs off and carefully replaces the Sony on the Ross switched into channel 8, &amp; we got a recording of the whole incident. I was gonna play it to you, but I got a meeting, we'll have to do it after lunch. It's one, let's make it back by three?
56) 8) text: St ANNE comes in blowing his nose. CITRINE shoves him the age. He reads it with similar incredulity (but perhaps a more amusement than Citrine) "What d'you wanna do with it What do you wanna do with it? St ANNE Let him have it .. I don't mind putting a little salt at the edge of his plate ..
60) 0) text: St ANNE is close enough to kiss BERLIN. Right into his sp talking right into his face. And today he's not in a good St ANNE He humiliated you. In front of every one .. In front of a bunch of secret- aries? .. Well, that would piss any- one off? ... That would piss me off .. I'd be real mad if a guy did that to me, &amp; called himself a friend .. Coz that ain't a friendly thing to do? .. You side with "friends" .. You don't go bitchin on them behind their back?
60) 4) text: St ANNE shunts back in his chair. Expands the frame as he Sergeant TAYLOR sits on a chair with his back to the wall arettes and ashtray on the table next to his. St ANNE lig Pall Mall and as if it's an after-thought he snaps the So
60) 6) text: BERLIN already looks devastated. He's about to got annihi "Me, Freddy." .. [Just the gale] "What the hell's going on up there, Brother? I been calling ton minutes." .. [Lungs heave for air) "Hey, c'mon, John, talk to me?" [Just the sound of breathless- ness] "Jesus Christ .. What are you do- ing? What the fuck are you doing? It's me - Holy shit - John - John - Not you - Don't shoot you crazy bastard! [2 shots]
60) 7) text: St ANNE clicks the Sony off &amp; BERLIN is too stunned t St ANNE That's second degree - you wanna stop at that? Will you give me that, John?
60) 8) text: BERLIN gives him nothing but silence. A knock on the door in." And the ASSISTANT hands St ANNE a note. Reads it and es himself. Leaves the silence for BERLIN. But TAYLOR bre
61) 0) text: The MYOPIC peers into BERLIN's face. St ANNE stands close his toilet roll. Light refracts in the MYOPIC's lenses "I him up there quite a lot." St ANNE blows his nose "Is tha man you saw that night?" He stares again at the tormented
61) 4) text: St ANNE on his way to the door now. He pauses for the que St ANNE I can have him out of here on a sec- ond degree this afternoon. I own him, and he knows it. And, Chief, I'm still waiting for that warrant on his house?
63) 0) text: If the waiting room felt bad try sitting in here. Both St and TAYLOR are smoking and the Sony playing again. This i final part of the tape. No speech but a lot of labored br ing. Ross groaning and now the sound of his shotgun. More erate inhalations and now sound of the last shot into his St ANNE .. and that one's with malice .. that one's first degree .. why don't you stop lying to me? (Clicks Sony off) C'mon, John, I can help you? Why don't you tell me the truth?
63) 7) text: Shakes his head in confirmation. And St ANNE finds a note Well, he thought you did? .. Wrote it down in his book? "John Berlin is a liar." Right here, underlined.
63) 9) text: And during the next attack St ANNE will work himself into Coz you wanted to be "Top Cop?" Isn't that why you went running up that gar- bage dump, so everyone could stand in awe of the "Top Cop?" Isn't that why you came up here? Coz you couldn't make it in L.A.? Get yourself a pissy lit- tle degree, come up here, and be "Top Guy?" But Ross was "Top Guy", wasn't he? Always would be Top Guy? And you know what? He did it without even trying .. Everybody loved him. He had everything you wanted, didn't he? - Great woman - Great kid? - Everything you couldn't have? - And you wanted it to go away? Coz your life was lousy, wasn't it? - A lousy life, with a lousy wife, who was fucking everyone, wasn't she? Is that why you pick on a little Blind Girl? - coz you can control her? - Is that it? - Control who she's fucking?
63) 10) text: Tears of grief and tears of rage. BERLIN can't restrain e You wanna lose your temper with me? C'mon, John, lose your fucken temper? You're good at losing your temper?..
63) 20) text: TAYLOR stares a rock drill and St ANNE stares something s You don't use it for breathlessness?
68) 0) text: BERLIN searches the bedroom. Anxiety and antiques. Does a and now a wardrobe. Nothing much in either. But finds a s full of letters in the latter. Postcards/birthday cards e 164:  INT.  BATHROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  NIGHT. Half the floorboards already up. VENABLES levers at anoth music is nervous and louder. Next floorboard is next to t 165:  INT.  BEDROOM/WARDROBE.  (AMANDA'S) HOUSE.  NIGHT. Big close on a postcard (a fantasy yacht on a blue sea). tion reads "JUST ANOTHER DAY IN SAN DIEGO." Close enough the message ".. too hot .. asthma not too good .. as soon settled I'll write .. love John .." Next letter out is al marked San Diego. Inside is a happy snap of Sergeant John 166:  INT.  BATHROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  NIGHT. Almost too close to see what's happening. But a gloved ha found a pistol under the bath. Out it comes with BISLEY s And St ANNE and TAYLOR arrive. "Got a little Walther. It' 167:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  THE ROSS RESIDENCE.  DAY. HELENA looks at the floor and listens. MARGIE looks at th and listens. Big close on the screen. This scene will int between the television and those in front of it as approp [1]  An exterior shot of Berlin's house. Sheriff's cars p out front. Various people come and go. One of them is Ser Taylor. Perpetual wind on the sound track interrupted by
68) 13) text: But he isn't and CITRINE moves off. BERLIN cracks blood o knuckles on the glass. Hollers up the corridor after the Get St Anne .. I want St Anne ..
70) 0) text: Here's a classic twenty-two. BERLIN is consumed with anxi rage. But get mad in here and get nothing. No shoe string no wrist watch. But a wrist-band like something medical s izing his charge. St ANNE sits impassive as BERLIN walks
70) 5) text: A question for which St ANNE expects no answer and he is We found "Jennifer Eight." At least, we've found a headless and handless girl. A couple of hunters found her.
70) 7) text: BERLIN can't believe it and knows St ANNE wouldn't believ Is it yours? - (no answer) - I know it's yours? - You know it's yours? The only prints on it are Freddy's? You wanna tell me how it got there?
70) 10) text: St ANNE and BERLIN look surprised. And BERLIN looks at St
70) 12) text: St ANNE examines the bail/bond paper and raises eyes to B St ANNE I don't make the law.
70) 26) text: Intercutting BERLIN's fearful eyes with his P.O.V. of the St ANNE (V.O.) Havta be a real dope to kill her now, wouldn't he? I mean, we're talking real, full-blown, insane?