8) 2) text: Sure he will and six rolls of film are handed across. "Ar winning, Sir?" BERLIN smiles and VENABLES follows him out the corridor. A couple of Coppers on their way in. One bi morose looking called BISLEY. The other we've already met lor is a tall balding guy with hazy reddish hair "How you BERLIN responds a happy "O.K." with eyes returning to VEN You know something strange about that hand? I think it was frozen?
10) 40) text: Another question he can't answer - and this time he doesn a chance - BISLEY walks in with an apology for the interr Got a face like Humphrey Bogart's mother fucked a differe
10) 41) dialog: Just wondered if you had time to get around to my pharmacy stuff?
10) 43) dialog: Alright, I'll try again tomorrow.
10) 44) text: Bisley has gone but his tension stays. BERLIN unwraps fre
34) 0) text: If there's moonlight that's the only light. Nothing to se a pair of large taps. Nothing to hear but a bath filling. something starts bleeping. It's a liquid-level-indicator ated by rising water. A hand searches for taps. Shuts the and silences the indicator. The frame expands to reveal H She moves to a hand basin. Finds a brush and fixes hair. a clip and pins it up. Close as she kicks off shoes. Pant descend on top of them. Walks into the living room unbutt her shirt. Vanishes into the bedroom and the Camera waits urns with towels and the Camera follows back into the bat A creaking hinge as she closes the door. A dressing gown on a hook. She reaches for it and turns and virtually bum to the Sonovabitch. Dressed in black and stealthy as a ca retreats a pace deeper into the darkness. Just enough lig see he wears glasses. And just enough light to see her un HELENA unzips her skirt. Slides it down her lags. Drapes a chair. Removes her shirt and hangs it on the back. She a white brassiere and panties. And no apologies for repet This is a fantastic body. She checks water temperature. E too hot or too cold. Either way a tap goes on. Now she re behind her back. Unclips her bra. Gets hit with dazzling The Intruder is taking photographs. And if this is his tu he's in paradise. She stands in front of him in total obl Her panties join clothes on the chair. Nov she's naked an another picture. Again the bathroom detonates with white His face is concealed by the camera. But this bastard is to run out of luck. Moves in as she silences the tap. Sud a lot of silence about. HELENA twists in panic. She just something? Didn't she just hear something? Is somebody in Fear kills her scream. She hits at the darkness. But he's 83:  INT.  LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAY. Big close on telephone ringing. No one home except the ma and Camera. The former answers on behalf of Berlin [John, me .. please call me .. I left two messages at the police ion .. they said you weren't there .. please, please, cal The camera moves on. Breakfast remains on the table. News still in its wraps. Out the window a bonfire rages in the 84:  EXT.  YARD.  HOUSE.  DAY. BERLIN clears rubbish from the garage. Grime and sweat an effort's got him breathless. Heaves another armful on the The phone starts ringing again. This time he decides to a 85:  INT.  CORRIDOR/ADMIN.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. BERLIN in a hurry to get there. Footsteps tell the story. up a corridor and through a door. Faces look as he crosse department. SECRETARIES and BISLEY and ROSS. But only one of interest. TAYLOR turns halfway through lighting a ciga "Are you outta your fucken mind?" TAYLOR says nothing. "I thing happens to that girl, I'm gonna break your fucking
56) 0) text: CITRINE walks in in his overcoat. BISLEY looks across fro window. And the ASSISTANT up from a crossword. "Are they
56) 3) text: The ASSISTANT does it via phone. And BISLEY looks over un
56) 4) dialog: I hear I've been nominated as an official "observer?"
56) 6) dialog: He don't wanna do it either.
68) 0) text: BERLIN searches the bedroom. Anxiety and antiques. Does a and now a wardrobe. Nothing much in either. But finds a s full of letters in the latter. Postcards/birthday cards e 164:  INT.  BATHROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  NIGHT. Half the floorboards already up. VENABLES levers at anoth music is nervous and louder. Next floorboard is next to t 165:  INT.  BEDROOM/WARDROBE.  (AMANDA'S) HOUSE.  NIGHT. Big close on a postcard (a fantasy yacht on a blue sea). tion reads "JUST ANOTHER DAY IN SAN DIEGO." Close enough the message ".. too hot .. asthma not too good .. as soon settled I'll write .. love John .." Next letter out is al marked San Diego. Inside is a happy snap of Sergeant John 166:  INT.  BATHROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  NIGHT. Almost too close to see what's happening. But a gloved ha found a pistol under the bath. Out it comes with BISLEY s And St ANNE and TAYLOR arrive. "Got a little Walther. It' 167:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  THE ROSS RESIDENCE.  DAY. HELENA looks at the floor and listens. MARGIE looks at th and listens. Big close on the screen. This scene will int between the television and those in front of it as approp [1]  An exterior shot of Berlin's house. Sheriff's cars p out front. Various people come and go. One of them is Ser Taylor. Perpetual wind on the sound track interrupted by