10) 0) text: BERLIN &amp; ROSS are opposite ends of a bed jammed on th "Bastards. I gave em a 20 buck tip." Various navigational gestions from ROSS win them another stair. Plus advice fr 12 year old called BOBBY. "You gotta go left, Dad." ROSS he's gotta go left! Both heave as MARGIE walks out the ki
17) 3) text: ROSS signals BOBBY to turn off. And the diesel splutters
24) 3) text: Stairs descend to a cabin and ROSS interrupts himself to Bobby, what happened to that beer? Rule one, is you don't diddle around with a witness.
24) 6) text: BOBBY clatters up the stairs clutching a six pack of Budw Tell em I'm going up the coast a way, get out of this weather.
24) 7) text: BOBBY exits the wheelhouse and walks their eyes back to H
25) 0) text: Wind over and sea content and anchored about a mile from Smoke from a dying barbecue and Nat King Cole croons "Unf able." ROSS sports shades and sits staring down the line. one plays lousy guitar and he shifts eyes into the well o boat. HELENA teaches BOBBY to play chords. Hardly worth t fort but they're enjoying it. BERLIN looks down from the ite side of the deck. His gaze interrupted by MARGIE "You another Coke, honey?" Sure he does and her eyes travel to
39) 5) text: A knock on the door. "Come in" and BOBBY sticks his head
39) 6) dialog: That woman in the kitchen says if she doesn't get help within 10 seconds, she's gonna resign.
40) 0) text: A pause in the Music amplifies conversation. Bullshit and and everyone talking about nothing. BOBBY leads HELENA th the row. Can't find Berlin and now they're in the den. Th ious Guzzlers have made it base. Everyone talking and eve lying but no Berlin and BOBBY is about to make a major mi
40) 1) dialog: I'll just go see if he's in the kitchen .. you stay right here ..
51) 0) text: BOBBY is in hysterics. A gale of tears. Fits his words be them. His Mom does her best to cope with his grief and he
51) 2) dialog: I don't want her in this house .. I want my Dad. Why did she have to come here .. I want my Daddy ..
68) 9) text: BOBBY appears somewhere behind the Ladies. T.V. commentar tinues. "Meanwhile, Sergeant Berlin remains in a cell at headquarters arraigned on what is believed to be  a $500, bail. As Mayor Heineman said, this, is a 'sad day' for Eu Except for the one face that isn't sad and it belongs to 168:  INT.  CORRIDOR/CELLS.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. The cell window is reinforced glass. BERLIN smashes on it an insane man. TRAVIS (apparently on cell duty) has never nothing like this before. CITRINE doesn't want to see any
70) 14) dialog: There's no one here.
70) 16) dialog: Mom took her back to the institute.
70) 19) dialog: No, she came back and went out ag- ain .. gone to see Auntie Charles ..
70) 20) text: BERLIN has already grabbed a telephone. Aware it's dead b BOBBY tells him "They're all out around here." He wanders stairs in apparent oblivion to BERLIN's distress. BERLIN back to the den and new problems. Desperate to get at the but all cabinets locked "Where's the keys, Bobby? I need They're my Dad's guns.
70) 22) text: BOBBY stares at BERLIN as though he's staring at that ver
70) 23) dialog: I hate you .. I really hate you ..