5) 14) dialog: Sergeants Serato, and Taylor.
5) 25) dialog: Interview over, Blattis ...
5) 28) dialog: .. we got a body part. We don't know what it is - probably some kind of hospital debris - we're gonna try and check it out. O.K. Now you know as much as we do ..
5) 30) dialog: Then do me a favor, and keep this outta the newspaper - that dump serves a dozen different communities, we don't even know if it's ours? Till we do I don't want no one worrying about ..
5) 32) dialog: Come on, Michael, outta here, the guys trying to move in. I told you what we know, something else, you- 'll be the first to hear about it ..
5) 35) dialog: That, I couldn't tell you .. And don't worry about anya this crap, by the time you're back it's gone ..
5) 36) text: CITRINE splits as BERLIN picks up "Hey, Ronzo, good of yo call." A long phone lead and he continues to unpack equip BERLIN (Phone) Listen, my time isn't good - but two things - really important - the bras- siere I sent you? - I need to know if those stains are human blood - and if they are, do they match the blood in the sample? - C'mon, gimme a break, I don't know anyone up here, it would take two weeks - C'mon, Ronny, I'm ask- ing nice? I really need to know wheth- er I'm interested in that brassiere? ..
10) 23) dialog: What about her?
10) 25) text: CITRINE continues up the carpet. "Alright, we'll talk abo 25:  INT.  CRIME LAB.  POLICE STATION.  NIGHT. A florescent glow from a T.V. monitor supplies the only l BERLIN vacillates interest between the scanner and the sc
10) 26) dialog: What is that?
10) 28) text: But CITRINE isn't interested in finger nails. He's starin a polystyrene torso of a faceless girl. She wears a brass stuffed with newspaper and a black wig. (Welcome Jennifer She's almost identical to Jennifer. Slim - White - same age - bra size is even the same. Nicely made lady.
10) 29) text: CITRINE stares at the Dummy like he's gonna ask it a ques
10) 30) dialog: How do you know her hair's black?
10) 32) dialog: What is all this Jennifer stuff?
10) 35) dialog: I don't see that at all ..
10) 38) dialog: Yeah, that's all very inter- esting, but where's the body?
10) 45) dialog: Probably making him feel a bit antsy seein it back on the wall. He worked a lotta time on this.
10) 47) dialog: Sucked in officers from all over the county. And it was the worst six months this station ever had.
10) 48) text: This is CITRINE's shop and BERLIN isn't gonna row it with
10) 50) dialog: I'm not telling you what to do. What I will say, is right now, that child's tricycle there is more important to me than this ..
10) 51) text: He refers to a little bicycle. Vouchered and obviously st By now CITRINE is at the hinges. A pause before he disapp Why don't you give it a minute, &amp; stop by my office. We should talk.
18) 13) text: Says it with remarkable humility considering he's the "ex I'm going in to see Citrine this afternoon. Will you come with me?
23) 0) text: Pretty houses in a pretty little street. Hills in the bac sunshine out front. BERLIN pulls up in his Mercedes and d bit of tie adjusting as he walks up a path and hits the c This could only be MRS CITRINE. A budget smile and he's i 51:  INT.  "STUDIO"/CONSERVATORY.  HOUSE.  DAY. Dozens of repulsive paintings.  A truly repulsive paintin Numbers" of the Mona Lisa in progress. The color codes ar pletely fucked up. CITRINE wears a wooly hat and hates wa on crutches. BERLIN picked a bad day to come in here with
23) 1) dialog: You're pushing this too hard. It's like you want me to say stop? You must know that's the way this is going, John? There's other work to do, why don't ya ease off a little?
23) 3) dialog: Then where's the body? .. Where's the body, and why's he hidden it?
23) 5) dialog: Have you got a match on the bullet?
23) 7) dialog: Have you got a print from the hand?
23) 9) dialog: It could be anyone's hand. Illeg- ally disposed of hospital debris ..
23) 11) dialog: She's not "missing." Did she shout? Did she scream? Did he coerce her? No. She left of her own free will .. And if she gets on a plane and goes to Peru with the prick, she's still not missing. You got no case, John.
23) 13) dialog: I have heard you. You just don't like hearing me. You got this whole damned thing outta proportion. I don't know what you gotten used to in Los Angeles, but I don't believe there's a Police Chief, in this country, would put a task force together for a body part ..
23) 15) dialog: We have a body part in suspicious circumstances - a tailor's dummy wearing a brassiere - and a bill for seventeen dollars for its wig!
27) 0) text: A painting of Ronald Reagan fills the screen. So awful it most impressive. Next to it is a formal photograph of the Mayor (Mr Heineman) . BERLIN continues to wait with eyes ing to a picture of the Taj Mahal. "I love to paint." He as CITRINE walks in. "It's not great art, but I change th ors." Heads for his desk and sits dispensing with the cru
27) 1) dialog: I'm shutting you down on this "blind thing," John.
27) 3) dialog: Don't underestimate me .. the Mayor's pissed - but that's nothing to do with this - sit down - How many times have you been up at that institute?
27) 5) dialog: I'm talking, outside the girl?
27) 7) dialog: Got a letter from this Goodridge guy? Says, you're upsetting his students?
27) 9) dialog: He says, you freaked one of em out? (Reading the letter) "Asking a newly blind kid if he can 'see,' is both cruel, and dangerous" ..
27) 12) dialog: And did they?
27) 14) text: CITRINE rubs his forehead in preparation to change the su
27) 15) dialog: I'm not a nasty man, John, I'm a nice man .. I get a lot of Christmas cards (a lot of cards on the wall) .. and I'm getting a lot of complaints. The guy you replaced was something you- 're not - a lazy sonovabitch - but the reality is, I was getting a faster ser- vice outta Popeye than I am outta you .. I can't allow this to continue, John ..
36) 4) text: Swallowing beer ROSS exits the back door with BERLIN foll It's her invitation. And as far as Citrine in concerned, better we keep it like that.
45) 0) text: Close on a bulb in a flashlight. The merest glimmer of en Barely the light to see the blood. It seeps into a long-f footprint in the ice. Fills it fast and expands over the Somebody say this can't be happening? BERLIN crumples to in the snow. Dumps his light gasping for breath. Oblique creating desperate silhouettes. BERLIN howls like a dog. into his radio. "Nine - Nine - Nine." Blood all over his "This is a Nine - Nine - Nine - officer down." ROSS is he like an old bull elephant. On the verge of unconsciousnes tries to speak. Got hit in the throat. BERLIN fights off "Don't talk old man." Repeats the emergency code but this he can't be heard. Almost imperceptibly a Carol filters i The Bleak Mid Winter) and the Camera moves slowly away. B cradles ROSS's tragic head and the song drowns the raging This beautiful Christmas carol will articulate rhythm of cuts. And there will be no other sound until the sequence 116:  EXT.  CITY STREET.  CITY HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. A blue emergency light. Revolving in slow motion. Like a The city streets are a blur. The light accelerates into s reality. Ambulance plus police convoy speed to a city hos 117:  INT.  EMERGENCY ROOM.  HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. Close-up of MARGIE kissing her husband's lips for the las Tears spill down his cheeks from her eyes. FREDDY ROSS is 118:  INT.  WAITING AREA.  HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. Outside in the corridor. Looking in at BERLIN. He sits he hands on a bench. This is somebody's point of view. The c travels up the windows. Waits at a distance as CITRINE ar Pajamas under his clothes. He walks with assistance of a Neither say anything because both know what this is about LIN stands and hands over his badge. Exits the mag and no Beretta. A brief word from CITRINE and he turns and walks 119:  EXT.  LANDSCAPE.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAWN. A little house in winter meadows. Kind of pretty now it's ted. Just the first tint of pink on its roof. The Carol d ves into birdsong. Here comes the sun for a fine Christma 120:  EXT.  VERANDA.  HOUSE.  DAWN. All new paint and all new things in expectation of happy A barbecue still in polythene wraps. Price tag and unconn gas pipe shift gently in the breeze. A brand now swinging BERLIN sits in it with shock wearing on. Expressionless o row. Though he suffers every sorrow and guilt and regret is. Sunlight reaches the veranda and colors the end of it silent and motionless he watches the lousiest dawn of his 121:  EXT/INT.  THE ROSS RESIDENCE.  LIVING ROOM.  DAY. Lights glow on the Christmas tree. Unopened presents stil erneath. SERATO sits smoking in silence. Listens to a sou plates getting stacked in another room. He looks up but n surprise. He just wasn't aware BERLIN had arrived in the
46) 2) text: BERLIN looks awful. Showered and shaved but just fucking CITRINE slips focus to the man. And St ANNE imperceptibly
46) 3) dialog: Alright, you got it. And I'll be putting an Observer in with you.
46) 5) dialog: Coz I'm short of men &amp; Ang- elo won't do it .. Who ever I got free first - you get ..
55) 0) text: Fog and dusk in that order. Headlights descend the slope. and CITRINE plus cane get out. As he crosses the lot a Un fires up a Harley. Next face is SERATO heading for his ca accosts the Chief with a piece of paper. It is read with ating incredulity. This would be comic if it wasn't so se
55) 2) dialog: Are you going up there?
55) 4) dialog: What about the man? .. Has he seen this? .. [No he hasn't] .. Alright, make your call, and get up there ... Bullshit or not, I wanna proper statement ..
56) 0) text: CITRINE walks in in his overcoat. BISLEY looks across fro window. And the ASSISTANT up from a crossword. "Are they
56) 2) dialog: Would you ask Mr St Anne to come in here a moment?
56) 5) dialog: It's either you, or Taylor?
56) 7) dialog: I'll toss a coin for you. But one of you is going in today ..
56) 8) text: St ANNE comes in blowing his nose. CITRINE shoves him the age. He reads it with similar incredulity (but perhaps a more amusement than Citrine) "What d'you wanna do with it What do you wanna do with it? St ANNE Let him have it .. I don't mind putting a little salt at the edge of his plate ..
61) 3) dialog: What's all this "deal" business?
68) 9) text: BOBBY appears somewhere behind the Ladies. T.V. commentar tinues. "Meanwhile, Sergeant Berlin remains in a cell at headquarters arraigned on what is believed to be  a $500, bail. As Mayor Heineman said, this, is a 'sad day' for Eu Except for the one face that isn't sad and it belongs to 168:  INT.  CORRIDOR/CELLS.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. The cell window is reinforced glass. BERLIN smashes on it an insane man. TRAVIS (apparently on cell duty) has never nothing like this before. CITRINE doesn't want to see any
68) 11) dialog: You ain't talking to no one, till you calm down.
68) 13) text: But he isn't and CITRINE moves off. BERLIN cracks blood o knuckles on the glass. Hollers up the corridor after the Get St Anne .. I want St Anne ..