12) 2) text: Sticks a sheet of notes on his desk and he junks the last BERLIN (New call) Hello .. Yes .. This is Sergeant Berlin .. Yes, that's right .. I believe my assistant explained? .. How long ago was that? .. Uh-huh. O.K. .. Who is who? .. Whass his name? Goodridge? O.K. I'll hold ..
13) 0) text: Mussorgsky is back on a shock cut. Big music and a shatte landscape. Juniper woods and mountains. Sunlight on fresh len snow. Somewhere a long way off a car crawls up the va Ross's car bursts into frame and as quickly the bend snat it away. An unexpected building in the distance. Victoria a glance but probably later. A clock tower and fifty life windows. The Chevy disappears towards its somber architec 29:  EXT.  THE SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE.  DAY. Pine trees and slush and parked cars. The Chevrolet swing and parks in front of the mansion. Breath in the air and on the ugly pile as they slam doors and head for its entr 30:  INT.  ENTRANCE/RECEPTION.  INSTITUTE.  DAY. BERLIN first with ROSS following. As soon as they hit the rance they trigger a recorded voice. "YOU ARE NOW AT THE ENTRANCE. THERE ARE SIX STEPS." Midway up them with ROSS ing back. "RECEPTION IS THROUGH SWING DOORS AND TO YOUR R 31:  INT.  PRINCIPAL'S OFFICER.  INSTITUTE.  DAY. GOODRIDGE is mid-50's with a beard like Abraham Lincoln. far side of his desk alternating eyes between ROSS and BE The latter studies a photograph of a Girl in a file. It's sible they've found Jennifer Two? "How recent is the pict
13) 1) dialog: As recent as we have .. What ex- actly is your interest in Amber?
13) 3) dialog: Then what are you hoping I'm gon- na do? Dissuade, or persuade you?
13) 5) dialog: Then you could have saved yourself a lot of driving, Sergeant. What I said on the phone's the same as I'm saying now. I got no idea where Amb- er is, or who it was took her there.
13) 8) dialog: You find something curious in that?
13) 10) dialog: Then let me put your mind at ease .. Firstly, Amber isn't "blind" - she has some useful vision - and second, this isn't a prison, it's a college of higher education - a severe vis- ual disability doesn't mean my stud- ents don't value their independence as much as anybody else - and Amber was a very independent young woman - She decided to leave - so she left ..
13) 12) dialog: No, Sergeant, I got no idea with who. And I might add, that in another six weeks, a hundred and fifty students will be leaving here, &amp; driving away for their Christmas holidays with pe- ople whose name I-won't-know-either ..
13) 15) dialog: As she's a member of my staff, may I ask what this is about?
13) 17) dialog: I see .. Well, she's teaching an- other class at four .. I'd apprec- iate it if you don't detain her ..
21) 31) text: His attention is temporarily elsewhere. A Lunch Party jus ived. It's clear GOODRIDGE is profoundly unhappy to see B
35) 0) text: Wide over the countryside. The car is a long way off. A p magic looking dawn. Cows on hills and mist in the hollows Mercedes finally arrives. Up the track and into the (refu ed) garage. Engine off and little but a sound of singing 88:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAY. HELENA sits on the sofa. She's a lousy liar and having a time with the phone " .. my aunt called twice .. well, so hope so .. right now, I'm scared to be there .. who? .. j second .. O.K. .. just a second.. Goodridge wants the num She seeks decision from BERLIN who doesn't want him to ha HELENA (Phone) Mr Goodridge? ..  I can't find it .. No .. there's no one here to read it right now .. Well, yes, I know .. of course I will ..  yes, promise .. I'll get it and call you tomorrow ..