14) 3) text: Here come footsteps and the door is opened by HELENA ROBE Early 20's and blonde and not immediately beautiful. But ate features than need no make up and big dark eyes. They away for introductions as though she's shy. ROSS &amp; BE glances as they follow in. Neither expected HELENA to be 33:  INT.  APARTMENT.  INSTITUTE.  DAY. Claustrophobia evaporates instantly. Great views down the ley from every window. Plus a bizarre jumble of furniture colors. But no pictures on the walls. No friendly photogr Nor any lights. Although the afternoon is shutting down t isn't a light in the room. ROSS elects to stay at the win BERLIN takes an offered chair. HELENA sits nervously oppo
14) 4) dialog: What d'you wanna ask, Mr Ross?
14) 6) dialog: Well, I think I told you on the phone .. I went up to her room to say good-bye, and we just sat on the bed and chatted a while, while her friend was coming in and out collecting her things ..
14) 9) dialog: Fifty-three.
14) 12) dialog: When we spoke on the phone, did you know I was blonde?
14) 14) dialog: Why not? You heard my voice?
14) 19) dialog: I don't know. I guess she must have called him John? I'm mak- ing tea. Would you like some?
14) 27) text: A touch later and the sun is setting. ROSS stands at a wi to watch it go. Watches one or two cars driving away. Wat a bird sitting outside on the fire-escape. BERLIN's voice just about be heard off screen "You said he spoke? Can yo member what he said?" ROSS saunters back into HELENA's an
14) 28) dialog: Well, he just said, come on, hurry up, will you, because it's starting to snow again.
14) 31) dialog: No, it has a mind of its own.
14) 34) dialog: My hands?
14) 35) text: He takes her hands and HELENA immediately looks uncomfort He examines scars and she stares at him with her useless I have a class.  I have to go.
14) 37) dialog: No. Except he smoked. Like you.
14) 39) dialog: Yes, I could smell it on his breath, like I can on your's.
14) 41) text: Everyone suddenly on their feet and HELENA gets into a ja
14) 43) dialog: No.
14) 45) dialog: Sometimes I look after friends dogs, if they go to dances, or something?
14) 47) text: He tries to get his notebook under BERLIN's nose.  But BE isn't looking or listening but following HELENA into her
14) 49) dialog: Yes.
14) 51) dialog: I don't know.
14) 55) text: Lips drill a whisper into his ear. "Fifty fucken dollars, What exactly do you teach, Helena?
14) 56) dialog: Music composition .. and cello ..
16) 0) text: LETTERS BIG AS A HOUSE. And Loud. The printer reciprocate fast as its mechanics are capable. Details coming in from Diego. VICAP Case Number/F.B.I. Case Number/Victim Status etc. Letters smacking into paper too fast to read. But on tail is repeated constantly and underlined. "Identity Unk Transmission ends and BERLIN hauls at least a yard of hom out of the machine. Can't believe what he's looking at. " He hit six." Reads as he walks back into the big room and interrupted by a call. "Miss Robertson. Holding." He head the phone with eyes following ANN "Find Ross for me, will BERLIN (Phone) Berlin .. yeah .. that's nice of you, Helena, but I already found out .. black, yes .. No, no, of course not, good of you to call .. You heard a what? .. A hollow car?
19) 2) dialog: Have you been here long?
19) 4) dialog: I'm sorry. I'll get my things.
19) 8) dialog: I don't think so .. No one comes here at the weekends ..
20) 1) dialog: I suppose I'm the worst witness you've ever had?
20) 3) dialog: Well, some cars sound fat and some cars sound thin, and this kind of car sounded "hollow" ..
21) 1) dialog: If I came to the diner with you, would you bring me back?
21) 4) dialog: That's alright. You suddenly reminded me of him .. He was standing right where you are, kind of breathless, like you.
21) 6) text: And he begins an exploration. Musty bathroom with old-fas ed fixtures. A tap leaking behind shower curtains. Nothin the cabinet. Nothing under the sink. Six steps and he is kitchen. Finally finds something worth looking for. Tears sack out of a vacuum cleaner. Discovers a knot of hair fr black dog. Simultaneously the door slams. Shock powers hi to the sitting room in time to hear a key turning in the Hits the door and shouts. Hears footsteps moving rapidly 46:  INT.  RECEPTION.  INSTITUTE.  DAY. A huge Christmas poster advertises SHASTA-TRINITY ARTS/CR HELENA sits in the deserted foyer reading Braille. The vo is the size of a phone directory. BERLIN appears via the entrance. Windswept and wasted and surprised she's still
21) 8) dialog: It was probably the wind.
21) 11) dialog: Hamlet. Have you read it?
21) 13) dialog: You should. It's wonderful.
21) 16) text: HELENA sits frozen like she's waiting for results of an X I mean, we don't havta sit here waiting for me to ask the next question? You could ask one, too?
21) 17) dialog: Are you wearing a uniform?
21) 19) dialog: Oh.
21) 21) dialog: I'm sorry .. I don't like sitting in the middle of a restaurant .. I feel like everyone's looking at me ..
21) 23) text: And he likes what he's looking at. And maybe HELENA sense
21) 24) dialog: Are you married?
21) 26) dialog: You just asked me to ask you questions.
21) 28) dialog: "Thoughts that lie too deep for tears."
21) 30) dialog: No, Wordsworth .. Do you like poetry?
21) 33) dialog: Do you pray?
21) 35) dialog: You said, you were in the bad lands?
22) 3) dialog: Sorry?
22) 6) dialog: Coz I wanted to feel the snow on my face .. I think that's when I heard her call him John?
22) 10) dialog: You've already asked me that ..
24) 0) text: A wave atomizes and comes down like silver champagne. HEL BERLIN hang on the prow of the boat with the ocean rushin ow. Another wave and more spray for HELENA. She turns lik ting sea in your face is the best invention ever. Oilskin urated and her hair streaming and she knows he's loving i 57:  INT.  WHEELHOUSE.  BOAT.  DAY. Sunshine &amp; spray on the windshield. ROSS at the wheel GIE next to him. Eyes on BERLIN &amp; HELENA playing like
25) 0) text: Wind over and sea content and anchored about a mile from Smoke from a dying barbecue and Nat King Cole croons "Unf able." ROSS sports shades and sits staring down the line. one plays lousy guitar and he shifts eyes into the well o boat. HELENA teaches BOBBY to play chords. Hardly worth t fort but they're enjoying it. BERLIN looks down from the ite side of the deck. His gaze interrupted by MARGIE "You another Coke, honey?" Sure he does and her eyes travel to
25) 26) dialog: I really liked Margie ..
25) 29) dialog: Have you known her long?
25) 31) text: The angle changes and is closer now. HELENA has taken his You don't ask what I'm like?
25) 32) dialog: I know what you're like ..
25) 34) dialog: Ross told me.
25) 36) dialog: He said you're quite chubby. And you have a nervous tick.
25) 38) dialog: Just your age.
25) 40) dialog: Fifty-seven .. I don't mind ..
25) 45) text: HELENA may like driving but she doesn't like the sound of It's O.K. It's not a public road.
25) 47) dialog: That was the "Hollow Car," John.
32) 7) dialog: I wanted it to be a surprise.
32) 10) dialog: I know.
32) 12) dialog: Coz you hardly said a word since you got here. But you been thinking pretty loud ..
33) 0) text: HELENA finishes the dishes. Stacks a last plate and close cupboard. Heads back into the living room. Something abou apartment doesn't sound right? She follows the noise thro door into a bedroom. Curtains dance in the darkness and b them she finds a half open window. Curious because she do remember leaving it open? Secures it and silences the icy 80:  EXT.  VOLKSWAGEN VAN/CAR PARK.  DINER.  NIGHT. BERLIN checks the driver's door. Locked and he explores w pencil-flashlight. Moves to a slide door at the side. Sim eously the door to the Diner opens releasing a quartet of le-aged Drunks. He dissolves while they bullshit around. ter in chill air. The Comedian of the night keeps himself ed. Jokes about getting into the wrong car with the wrong BERLIN isn't laughing "C'mon, you drunken fuck. Get outta 81:  INT/EXT.  VOLKSWAGEN VAN/CAR PARK.  DINER.  NIGHT. A slide door rolls open and BERLIN peers in. Full of furn and cardboard crates stenciled "TRINITY INSTITUTE - CRAFT Worth the try but forget it. This bastard obviously has l imate business at the institute. Takes a last poke around the light. Spots something red. A cigarette butt caked in stick. But what's this white stuff? Some kind of powder s from a capsule crushed in the door rails. He picks it up look and gets a bad one from behind! "Whatta you doing, M BERLIN finds himself facing an irate looking Woman in her A lot of red hair and freckles. But definitely more frigh than angry. His Police Department badge is an instant sed Gives her some crap about thefts from vehicles round here should keep her doors locked. She smiles and thought they
34) 0) text: If there's moonlight that's the only light. Nothing to se a pair of large taps. Nothing to hear but a bath filling. something starts bleeping. It's a liquid-level-indicator ated by rising water. A hand searches for taps. Shuts the and silences the indicator. The frame expands to reveal H She moves to a hand basin. Finds a brush and fixes hair. a clip and pins it up. Close as she kicks off shoes. Pant descend on top of them. Walks into the living room unbutt her shirt. Vanishes into the bedroom and the Camera waits urns with towels and the Camera follows back into the bat A creaking hinge as she closes the door. A dressing gown on a hook. She reaches for it and turns and virtually bum to the Sonovabitch. Dressed in black and stealthy as a ca retreats a pace deeper into the darkness. Just enough lig see he wears glasses. And just enough light to see her un HELENA unzips her skirt. Slides it down her lags. Drapes a chair. Removes her shirt and hangs it on the back. She a white brassiere and panties. And no apologies for repet This is a fantastic body. She checks water temperature. E too hot or too cold. Either way a tap goes on. Now she re behind her back. Unclips her bra. Gets hit with dazzling The Intruder is taking photographs. And if this is his tu he's in paradise. She stands in front of him in total obl Her panties join clothes on the chair. Nov she's naked an another picture. Again the bathroom detonates with white His face is concealed by the camera. But this bastard is to run out of luck. Moves in as she silences the tap. Sud a lot of silence about. HELENA twists in panic. She just something? Didn't she just hear something? Is somebody in Fear kills her scream. She hits at the darkness. But he's 83:  INT.  LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAY. Big close on telephone ringing. No one home except the ma and Camera. The former answers on behalf of Berlin [John, me .. please call me .. I left two messages at the police ion .. they said you weren't there .. please, please, cal The camera moves on. Breakfast remains on the table. News still in its wraps. Out the window a bonfire rages in the 84:  EXT.  YARD.  HOUSE.  DAY. BERLIN clears rubbish from the garage. Grime and sweat an effort's got him breathless. Heaves another armful on the The phone starts ringing again. This time he decides to a 85:  INT.  CORRIDOR/ADMIN.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. BERLIN in a hurry to get there. Footsteps tell the story. up a corridor and through a door. Faces look as he crosse department. SECRETARIES and BISLEY and ROSS. But only one of interest. TAYLOR turns halfway through lighting a ciga "Are you outta your fucken mind?" TAYLOR says nothing. "I thing happens to that girl, I'm gonna break your fucking
35) 0) text: Wide over the countryside. The car is a long way off. A p magic looking dawn. Cows on hills and mist in the hollows Mercedes finally arrives. Up the track and into the (refu ed) garage. Engine off and little but a sound of singing 88:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAY. HELENA sits on the sofa. She's a lousy liar and having a time with the phone " .. my aunt called twice .. well, so hope so .. right now, I'm scared to be there .. who? .. j second .. O.K. .. just a second.. Goodridge wants the num She seeks decision from BERLIN who doesn't want him to ha HELENA (Phone) Mr Goodridge? ..  I can't find it .. No .. there's no one here to read it right now .. Well, yes, I know .. of course I will ..  yes, promise .. I'll get it and call you tomorrow ..
35) 3) dialog: I don't think so .. He said the police had been calling .. want- ed to ask me some more questions ..
35) 5) text: Only thing he fails to mention is which guy he's talking Anyway the subject is already changed. He notices tapes i bag. "Would you like me to put your music on?" No, she do want music. O.K. He's gonna light the fire and make them 99:  EXT.  WOODSHED.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAY. BERLIN is splitting logs and HELENA is sitting an a step ing" him. She's looking almost happy with only worry in t
35) 7) dialog: No I'm not.
35) 9) dialog: Alright, I'm worried about Christmas. I wish I hadn't told him I'd be back ..
35) 13) dialog: Wouldn't it be better if I cook it? You said, you can only boil?
36) 0) text: The Music is Puccini. Part one/Act two/The Humming Chorus Madam Butterfly. Giant close of the spinning cassette. Th era remains close as it explores the room. Candle light & light. Along a mantlepiece. Eleven thirty-five on a clock Christmas cards. Several photographs from the happy years a picture of Ross &amp; Berlin in uniform. Another featur with his arm around a beautiful young lady with long dark For a moment it could be Helena? But the Camera's already HELENA cuddles knees in the corner of a sofa. Looks consi ly more relaxed. But there's a tension here and both are of it. Stifled yawns. She stares at him and BERLIN stares A billion people in love have been through this. It's bed [A suggestion of Berlin's bed to be is heaped in pillows/ ets at the end of the couch.] "Come on, I'll take you up She finds his hand and stands. The Music follows them ups 91:  INT.  BEDROOM.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. Moonlight through the windows. They are silhouettes. They to embrace but in a situation like this a bedroom is the place to be. No sound except the Music. And what's anyone osed to say? This atmosphere is about kissing and nothing Christ hear this Music. A sweet pulse of Puccini. Big clo lips meeting in moonlight. Now in each other's arms. They And then they're kissing. And nothing else is happening i whole fucking universe except a telephone just started to Still ringing. Still kissing. Somebody has got to give in phone finally gets answered. The voice at the end isn't e ed. But BERLIN sounds pleased to hear it. It seems one pr got solved. "I gotta tell you, Margie. You are Mrs Santa
37) 0) text: The Girls prepare for festivity. They got a full length m A wardrobe of dresses. A menu of shoes, What they do with in this scene is their affair. Right now MARGIE's holding blue number in front of HELENA."It's blue silk. You like
37) 2) text: She slings the dress on the bed. It joins a pile of rehea Moves deeper into her dresses and HELENA appears in the m
37) 3) dialog: When did John divorce?
37) 5) dialog: What was she like?
37) 7) dialog: What does that mean?
37) 10) dialog: You think he still loves her?
37) 13) dialog: I haven't worn heels since I was 16. I don't think I could walk in these?
37) 15) text: HELENA is excited to try them out. The experiment is a su I'll go get the dress .. It's kinda sultry .. I only wore it once, coz in reality, I can't get away with it ..
37) 16) dialog: You think John would like it?
38) 0) text: The Ross residence looks like an ad for J&amp;B. Warm yel from the windows. Holly wreath on the front door. The Mer pulls up and BERLIN gets out with his bag and suit on a h A hard wind around the house. He walks inside without kno 95:  INT.  DEN.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. The den looks like a little museum. Walls decorated with War memorabilia. One wall occupied by a cabinet of modern ROSS looks like Roy Rogers trying to look like Fred Astai powder blue evening suit. Ho dumps ice in a barrel full o wieser and BERLIN produces a couple of presents. "This is Helena. And this is from me." The first obviously a music ROSS holds it to his ear. "Sounds like Frank Sinatra?" An second a bottle of (Ross tears the wrappings off) Chivas
38) 2) text: But he's already lost BERLIN's attention. MARGIE walks in HELENA. Jesus what have you done to her? Bright red lipst jet black mascara and dress made of blood red sequins. Se is but her it isn't. She looks like one of those big tit from Tennessee. She also looks like 37 million dollars. C that smile works with paint. An appraisal comes from ROSS 96:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. The whole house is going around in a haze of booze and co lights and laughter. Buddy Holly supplies the music "True Ways" and ROSS is a victim of the nostalgia. Dances close MARGIE. Among the kaleidoscope of passing couples are HEL BERLIN. Eyes closed and oblivious of everything but each But someone is staring at them. About forty years old wit hands. Too old for acne but the skin is bad. Got a scar o cheek like a ladder in a stocking. He continues to stare the dancers separate. Music ends and he's already in the BERLIN arrives with a whisper for MARGIE and next thing H is on her arm heading for the stairs. Obviously a "ladies run. Everly Brothers next record up and SERATO appears th the crush. Spots ROSS who wants to know "What happened to
39) 0) text: MARGIE fixes HELENA's lips. Big on the lipstick. Another of magenta is going on "Are you sure I look O.K." Her que interrupts the Revlon "You're the prettiest girl here by two hundred per cent." MARGIE moves in again for the lowe
39) 2) dialog: Don't mix very well with beer.
39) 8) text: She turns to the mirror in exasperation and mends her own Alright, tell her I'm coming. No, wait a minute, honey. Take Helena for me, and find John? And don't let go of her hand until you do ..
40) 0) text: A pause in the Music amplifies conversation. Bullshit and and everyone talking about nothing. BOBBY leads HELENA th the row. Can't find Berlin and now they're in the den. Th ious Guzzlers have made it base. Everyone talking and eve lying but no Berlin and BOBBY is about to make a major mi
40) 6) text: Willy Nelson starts to sing. And HELENA attempts to break What's so special about the other guy? You like cops, don't you .. I'm a cop ..
40) 7) text: HELENA finds the top of a couch. Holds it like a raft of ity. But where ever she goes this frightful mouth is foll .. let me ask you a question? How do you know the difference between one guy and another? .. Maybe you don't .. Maybe you only know the "difference" when you're dancing? (he laughs) If you knew what I looked like, you'd dance with me. I look like John Wayne ..
40) 8) dialog: I know what you look like. Excuse me.
40) 9) text: She navigates the back of the sofa. Collides with somebod apologizes. "I'm sorry. Is anyone sitting there?" Enough alence in the question for the guy not to know she's blin No one sitting there. Simultaneously a pair of middle-age cuts occupy the sofa. A second later HELENA sits bang int of the laps. Spilt drinks and surprise all round. Pleasan prise for the victim. He's a lecherous looking old bastar Helena's dress rides up for a damned good view of the lin
40) 12) text: Every humiliation there is. However HELENA gets out of th however she achieves it. But by the time she does she's c 99:  INT.  HALLWAY/STAIRS.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. A calm spot between kitchen &amp; stairs. In the backgrou raid the kitchen for food. BERLIN looks like he should be ing a cigarette. At last MARGIE comes downstairs with the
41) 1) dialog: I can't walk in these shoes ..
41) 2) text: Gently he reaches down and takes off her shoos "You don't to dress like this for me." And suddenly the mood is diff He is amongst her tears. Kissing her mouth. Already undre her. Her dress glides up. Silk stockings. He unclips them feels his hands drift down her legs. Hears the zip openin dress. She returns his desire and helps him with her bras He kisses her breasts and by now the Camera's too close t 101:  INT.  BEDROOM.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. HELENA asleep in BERLIN's arms. Just the worry of the win kisses her and slips out of bed and everything slams into
44) 0) text: The MYOPIC JANITOR looks down. Five floors below a man la his back. His shotgun discharges uselessly into trees. An man leans over him. Illuminates his agonized face with a light. Shoots him again point-blank in the upper body. Th PIC isn't staying for more. Hurries back along the fire e 114:  INT.  ATTIC APARTMENT.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. Wind breaks on the roof like waves. An utterly dismal roo by a starving light bulb. The MYOPIC arrives from the fir ape. Huge eyes behind those orb-like glasses. Picks up a and dials. Piles and piles of old newspapers. Hundreds of magazines. In the kitchen section a mass of photographic ment includes an enlarger on the table a flash camera.  O wall behind him a collage of snaps of half dressed girls. a special enlargement of Helena standing naked in her bat
45) 9) text: Knows he's not going to get a reply and doesn't bother to for it. HELENA materializes from the den like a shadow. S for want of sleep and glad to have BERLIN's hand to hang
45) 11) text: A suggestion that surprises HELENA. And clearly doesn't a
45) 12) dialog: Why can't I stay with you?
45) 14) dialog: Why?
45) 17) dialog: Is that Margie?
45) 19) text: The strongest face in the house. And now HELENA is in her Don't cry darlin .. he was a big old cop and he didn't like tears ..
45) 24) text: Christ this is just awful. HELENA crying and BERLIN on th What's gonna happen now, John?
45) 26) dialog: I'm going back to the institute.
52) 0) text: Fingers search out and identify phone numbers. Dial for i ation and HELENA whispers "I need the number for a cab, p 133:  INT.  INTERROGATION ROOM.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. The Camera's getting closer and so is St ANNE. And today is a definite change of mood. Still very measured. Still fessional demeanor. But a bad sense of shit about to come St ANNE .. there was a gale that night .. all the doors are swinging .. so this door swings back and clips you .. and down you go .. within 35 seconds of uncon- sciousness, you're back on the fire es- cape, and you're confused, really con- fused .. you don't know if Tuesdays come in two's or happen once a week ..
53) 0) text: A yellow cab splashes through puddles and pulls up in fro the house. HELENA gets out and pays. No she doesn't need tance. Picks up her suitcase and the cab vanishes into dr 135:  INT.  KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAY. Back door opens and HELENA walks in. First thing she sens cold. This place smells like it hasn't been lived in sinc was last here. And last time she was here she was happy. her case and heads for the living room. Can't see it but the overwhelming gloom. Finds a couch and now she sits to The silence is almost total. But something disturbs it. H looks around. Back on her feet she tries to discover sour the sound. Finally arrives at a table lamp. She feels the and it's hot. A large moth beats itself crazy inside the Reaches in and turns it off &amp; the house is in virtual 136:  INT.  INTERROGATION ROOM.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. St ANNE lights a cigarette. Attention with his notes. Sni a fair bit. He's acquired a toilet roll to deal with it. ionally will tear a sheet or two off to blow his nose. Gl at BERLIN "You want a cigarette?" No he doesn't "I've giv St ANNE You have? .. How about the booze? ..
54) 0) text: HELENA is curled up under blankets. Maybe day-dreaming bu asleep. She's maybe here to keep warm as much as anything Sound of a vehicle approaching and she sits to listen. Th pulls up and its engine silences. HELENA is already out o 138:  INT.  LIVING ROOM/PORCH/FRONT YARD.  HOUSE.  DAY. Silhouette of a figure outside the front door. Someone ra the handle but it's locked. And by the time HELENA reache door the visitor has gone. Thinking it's Berlin she twist key and steps onto the porch. A stale winter fog settling Hardly a sound except her own voice. "John? Is that you?" the rattle of local Crows and a Bull heaving somewhere in distant field. "John?" She cautiously descends wood stair walks two or three paces before bumping into a brown Chev Exploration of the car establishes nil. More confused tha cerned she listens. Country sound and not a sound out of Then suddenly she is alert. Something clatters somewhere. cans kicked in the garage? Was it the garage? "John, is i 139:  INT.  KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM/BEDROOM.  HOUSE.  DAY. HELENA locks the front door. Moves into the kitchen. Lock back door. Glum silence in the house. Nothing but an old clock ticking. Then a sound like something moving. Like a creaking open? Was it in the garage? The living room? Ups She returns to the living room. Curtains drawn and almost The endless silence is interrupted by a rush of water in If anybody's here they're upstairs? HELENA moves to the b of them "John, are you up there? It's me, darling. I got The only reply is more silence. She begins to climb the s One hand on the wall. She ascends slowly. Her helplessnes ing way to suspicion with each new step. At the top she p into the bedroom "John, are you here? Darling? Are you al Apparently no one is here. Certainly no one in the bed. A one in the bathroom. She reappears with an expression sup ing anxiety. Feels her way past an antique wardrobe. Curi its door is open. A full length mirror inside. Shuts it a passes and for a split-instant the Man in the room is rev Almost simultaneously fingers in black leather clasp her HELENA in speechless with shock. Both she and the INTRUDE breathing hard. The only other sound is the wardrobe door ing open again under its weight. Manifests a reflection o back. Totally in black. Black wool hat. Leather jacket. G
54) 2) text: He backs her to the bed and sits her before releasing his The frame remains static and staring into the mirror and on the INTRUDER's back. HELENA stares unseeing at her own I was getting kinda concerned about you Jenny. Like, how blind are you? Blind as your friend? Or less blind? Coz she could see, you know. Had a view outta one of em. But you don't see nothing do you? Nothing at all?
54) 3) text: He reaches into his jeans and produces a stainless steel Even closed this thing is 10 inches long. A leather loop ched at one and. He teases the metal in front of HELENA's Can you see this, blind girl?
54) 6) text: HELENA lifts her hand and he takes it. He runs the edge o blade over her palm. Then closes her fingers around the h You like it?
57) 0) text: This isn't a good place to be. A dismal lamp supplies lig close-up Of HELENA on the sofa. Hears a sound of booze ge poured. But nothing else in the house except for a harsh
57) 3) dialog: Don't say that. Don't you dare say that .. I believe you  ..
57) 5) dialog: Then explain it to me. I got enough darkness, don't I?
57) 8) dialog: Why does he want to kill me?
57) 10) dialog: I can't identify him ..
57) 12) dialog: Then why didn't he kill me?
57) 16) text: And just as suddenly he's full of remorse. Takes HELENA i arms with a lot of sorrys. But she isn't interested in ap There's a passion in her face. And fire even in her blind
57) 17) dialog: Kiss me, John .. Kiss me [he does] I love you, kiss me again [he does] I love you .. Are my lips lying to you? Kiss my mouth [he does] Is my mouth lying to you?  He. Was. Here.
58) 0) text: Music slams in on the cut. Berlin is about to take this g to pieces. He searches cans and boxes and stacked timber. ever it is his eyes are looking. The Camera looks down fr ove. Bits &amp; pieces all over the floor but he discover 145:  INT.  BATHROOM/BEDROOM.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. Close on a hand searching underside of the bath. Pipes an webs. He reaches toward the taps. His hand is literally i from the Walther (taped to the end of the tub). Fingers a touch it. Just a fingernail away when HELENA interrupts "
58) 1) dialog: I just remembered something ..
58) 4) text: HELENA stands in the doorway and BERLIN is already on his
58) 5) dialog: I heard it hiss, twice.
59) 0) text: BERLIN pours last of the whisky. Looks totally snuffed ou and HELENA sit on the same sofa but the atmosphere puts t mile apart. A yellow pad on the table covered in notes. B swallows scotch and reads to himself "I guess we all got
59) 1) dialog: You gotta stop drinking, darling.
59) 4) dialog: I know about alcohol, John.
59) 6) dialog: I'm blind because my father drank.
62) 0) text: HELENA waits on a bench in the empty room. Maybe a few sc magazines? But nothing of use to her in here except she's Berlin. He arrives like every hope got abandoned and sits to her. They clasp one another's hands before she embrace
62) 2) dialog: I wanna be near you ...
62) 5) dialog: I don't want them to arrest you.
62) 8) dialog: Oh, John, I'd do anything, anything, to get you free.
64) 0) text: BERLIN hurries in and grabs HELENA's hand. Instantly tran the adrenalin. They head for the door with him whispering
65) 0) text: BERLIN/HELENA couldn't have been in the house longer than taken to call Los Angeles. MARGIE infected with the excit although as yet she hardly knows what's going on. BERLIN the tiles on a long phone lead. Eyes to MARGIE while they
65) 3) text: Dumps the phone and stokes anxiety in HELENA and MARGIE's No Amanda with a white Volkswagen .. You don't have a Yellow Pages for Oakland, do you? (She don't) I got- ta get down there, find that store ..
65) 4) text: Everything happens in a hurry. He embraces HELENA. She'll for him. Already out the back door with MARGIE in tow. A &amp; white parked in the drive with VENABLES stuffed ins a grim wind tearing trees. BERLIN pauses as he reaches hi
68) 0) text: BERLIN searches the bedroom. Anxiety and antiques. Does a and now a wardrobe. Nothing much in either. But finds a s full of letters in the latter. Postcards/birthday cards e 164:  INT.  BATHROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  NIGHT. Half the floorboards already up. VENABLES levers at anoth music is nervous and louder. Next floorboard is next to t 165:  INT.  BEDROOM/WARDROBE.  (AMANDA'S) HOUSE.  NIGHT. Big close on a postcard (a fantasy yacht on a blue sea). tion reads "JUST ANOTHER DAY IN SAN DIEGO." Close enough the message ".. too hot .. asthma not too good .. as soon settled I'll write .. love John .." Next letter out is al marked San Diego. Inside is a happy snap of Sergeant John 166:  INT.  BATHROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  NIGHT. Almost too close to see what's happening. But a gloved ha found a pistol under the bath. Out it comes with BISLEY s And St ANNE and TAYLOR arrive. "Got a little Walther. It' 167:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  THE ROSS RESIDENCE.  DAY. HELENA looks at the floor and listens. MARGIE looks at th and listens. Big close on the screen. This scene will int between the television and those in front of it as approp [1]  An exterior shot of Berlin's house. Sheriff's cars p out front. Various people come and go. One of them is Ser Taylor. Perpetual wind on the sound track interrupted by
68) 8) text: HELENA looks in utmost despair. "Is it true he resisted a You'll have to put that question to the Chief. I've nothing to add.
69) 8) text: HELENA reappears wearing a coat and TAYLOR is in generous You want me to drive her? .. I'm through with my shift ..
70) 28) text: Just the sound of tho phone and the road dissolving into 177:  INT.  CORRIDOR.  SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. A miserable corridor with the merest of lights. A phone r somewhere at its end. HELENA is on her way up the corrido the ringing is louder. Finds keys and walks into her apar 178:  INT.  APARTMENT.  SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. Phone in close-up and the frame widens as HELENA heads to it. Reaches out and is maybe a second away before it ring 179:  INT/EXT.  PHONE BOOTH.  GAS STATION.  NIGHT. This is a little country stop some place an the peripheri the snow-line. BERLIN slams the phone down and runs to hi Screeches out onto the highway and the Camera begins to a The Camera climbs higher revealing somber mountains. Plus upon mile of road he has yet to travel. Still it ascends the Chevrolet is reduced to an insignificance by the land 180:  EXT.  SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. A panoramic over the institute wide enough to include sur ing forest. Headlights approach down a wooded track and g Just possible to see a tiny Figure moving towards the bui 181:  EXT.  FIRE ESCAPE.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. High on the fire escape looking down. A flashlight arrive ow. Eerie fragmentation of light as the Figure begins to 182: EXT. CHEVY SEDAN/ROAD.  SHASTA VALLEY.  NIGHT. The highway is winding and narrowed with snow. Couldn't f lousier road on which to overtake. BERLIN is right up beh forty ton truck and he's trying to overtake. Hits the hor tries again. Halfway past the trailer when a bend suddenl eases headlights. An angry claxon and he's forced to pull 183:  INT.  BEDROOM.  APARTMENT.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. Although curtains are open the room is in darkness. Someo the fire escape looking in. A flashlight snaps on and a c of light explores the room. Creeps across the floor and p at the bed. Climbs slowly to illuminate HELENA's sleeping 144:  EXT.  FIRE ESCAPE.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. Close-up sound and close-up picture. A glass-cutter score window. A nasty noise but you'd have to be wide awake and ening to hear it. A gloved fist punches the section out. to the floor and shatters. And a hand reaches in for the 145:  INT.  BEDROOM/LIVING ROOM.  APARTMENT.  NIGHT. HELENA is wide awake and listening. Hurrying into her dre gown with a similar urgency to get out. She arrives in th ing room as the FIGURE is clambering through the window. as she blunders for the front door. Tears it open and van into the corridor. He crosses the room and follows her ou 186:  INT.  CORRIDOR/STAIRS.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. HELENA knows the building and moves faster than he may ha pected. Green dressing gown and bare feet. White nightgow blonde hair. The man in black hurries after her. She's al at the swing doors and he's virtually running to stay wit She bursts through the doors and rushes downstairs. He fo only seconds behind. The wind groans down as they descend ENA turns a corner of the stairwell and momentarily disap For a moment he loses her! Which way did she go? Downstai along the corridor? His anxiety is immediately assuaged. what already looks like a ghost fleeing into shadows. He off along the corridor. Getting breathless. But getting c Near enough now to sense her fear. Near enough now to gra
70) 30) text: As he reaches for her she turns. MARGIE wears a green dre gown and a blonde wig and has a very big fucking pistol i hand. TAYLOR can't believe what he's looking at. And for stant neither does MARGIE. Their surprise is mutually stu How can it be him? How can it be her? TAYLOR's still tryi work out how they made the switch when the first bullet s into his chest. Gets another as he goes down. He crumples deadly heap and revenge is completed with two more in the 187:  INT.  LANDING/STAIRS.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. MARGIE barges through the doors. The MYOPIC Janitor is ha up adjacent stairs peering down. No time for introduction no time for explanations. "Call the Police. Do it. Now." ing up at him she's already descending. "Tell em the gymn 188:  INT.  GYMNASIUM.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. MARGIE patrols plate glass windows. Where are the fucking She's shocked and looks strange indeed. Wig off but hair all over her head. An overcoat and shoes but still wearin nightgown underneath. A couple of dreary lights in the ce HELENA sits numb under one of them all but hidden in a bl MARGIE can't stand waiting any longer. "I'm gonna call th self." HELENA nods and sure she's O.K. to stay here. The settle and she is alone. Headlights cross the windows shi the shadows of everything. Swooping the walls they move a ion back to the door. TAYLOR stares in and then pushes th Worse for wear but very much alive. Discarded his leather et revealing the bullet proof vest. Blood all over his T- Looks like he caught one in the shoulder. A bad burn and runs from his left hand. In his right hand he clasps the He cracks it open like a whip. HELENA hears it and stands ror as the footsteps approach. "Margie. Margie." But Marg n't around. He's less than 30 feet away. She tries to bac but is hindered by the blanket. Tries to scream but is st with fear. Maybe six seconds to live but this refers to T "Taylor" He swings around but this time he doesn't get ti look surprised. BERLIN blows the fucker across the room. load slugs weighing an ounce each crash into him. BERLIN pumping the Remington and doesn't stop firing until the m ine is over. No conjecture now. This bastard is very much BERLIN throws the 12 gauge aside. And maybe it means some Maybe at last he accepts he's stopped living in that worl ready to give himself a chance in this. HELENA in his arm this is his new world. Flashing lights and headlights flo to the darkness. Their embrace goes on. And this story is