6) 13) dialog: I'm not giving him Pizza. I haven't seem him for a year? I'm gonna cook him a dinner.
6) 16) dialog: Bobby's out .. What's the hurry?
6) 18) dialog: Freddy's new obsession ..
6) 22) dialog: So tonight she confesses?
6) 27) dialog: No it isn't .. It's Californian ..
6) 31) dialog: Stop nagging him.  If he doesn't want it, he doesn't want it. You- 're quacking like an old duck ..
10) 0) text: BERLIN &amp; ROSS are opposite ends of a bed jammed on th "Bastards. I gave em a 20 buck tip." Various navigational gestions from ROSS win them another stair. Plus advice fr 12 year old called BOBBY. "You gotta go left, Dad." ROSS he's gotta go left! Both heave as MARGIE walks out the ki
10) 1) dialog: You're all done except the floor.
10) 5) dialog: Don't forget the wagon, Darlin?
24) 1) dialog: Such a shame .. She's a really sweet kid ..
24) 4) dialog: He's happy, darlin ..
24) 8) dialog: Except for the hair color, she looks just like Suzanne?
25) 0) text: Wind over and sea content and anchored about a mile from Smoke from a dying barbecue and Nat King Cole croons "Unf able." ROSS sports shades and sits staring down the line. one plays lousy guitar and he shifts eyes into the well o boat. HELENA teaches BOBBY to play chords. Hardly worth t fort but they're enjoying it. BERLIN looks down from the ite side of the deck. His gaze interrupted by MARGIE "You another Coke, honey?" Sure he does and her eyes travel to
25) 1) dialog: You want something, darling?
25) 5) text: MARGIE climbs the stairs with drinks and drinks a beer he Popped cans change the subject. This seems like a questio LIN doesn't really want to ask &amp; MARGIE doesn't want How's your little sister?
25) 6) dialog: She's in Europe ..
25) 10) dialog: He's not that bad of a guy ..?
25) 12) text: The joke doesn't reach BERLIN. MARGIE's hand is on his sh
25) 13) dialog: Her loss, darlin ..
36) 0) text: The Music is Puccini. Part one/Act two/The Humming Chorus Madam Butterfly. Giant close of the spinning cassette. Th era remains close as it explores the room. Candle light & light. Along a mantlepiece. Eleven thirty-five on a clock Christmas cards. Several photographs from the happy years a picture of Ross &amp; Berlin in uniform. Another featur with his arm around a beautiful young lady with long dark For a moment it could be Helena? But the Camera's already HELENA cuddles knees in the corner of a sofa. Looks consi ly more relaxed. But there's a tension here and both are of it. Stifled yawns. She stares at him and BERLIN stares A billion people in love have been through this. It's bed [A suggestion of Berlin's bed to be is heaped in pillows/ ets at the end of the couch.] "Come on, I'll take you up She finds his hand and stands. The Music follows them ups 91:  INT.  BEDROOM.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. Moonlight through the windows. They are silhouettes. They to embrace but in a situation like this a bedroom is the place to be. No sound except the Music. And what's anyone osed to say? This atmosphere is about kissing and nothing Christ hear this Music. A sweet pulse of Puccini. Big clo lips meeting in moonlight. Now in each other's arms. They And then they're kissing. And nothing else is happening i whole fucking universe except a telephone just started to Still ringing. Still kissing. Somebody has got to give in phone finally gets answered. The voice at the end isn't e ed. But BERLIN sounds pleased to hear it. It seems one pr got solved. "I gotta tell you, Margie. You are Mrs Santa
37) 0) text: The Girls prepare for festivity. They got a full length m A wardrobe of dresses. A menu of shoes, What they do with in this scene is their affair. Right now MARGIE's holding blue number in front of HELENA."It's blue silk. You like
37) 1) dialog: Not "you" blue. This isn't you.
37) 4) dialog: Two or three years ago.
37) 6) dialog: Suzanne? Very pretty. She was a semi- professional model. But a policeman's wife she wasn't. So one day, she just packed it and left. And his whole life went straight down the nearest toilet.
37) 8) dialog: You know, he crashed. He just couldn't come to terms with it .. John hates to lose, and he hated losing her .. Every spare minute, he's driving down to San Diego, having a terrible time with her, getting drunk, and driving back .. you just don't believe the amount he drank ..
37) 9) text: She pirouettes with black sequins. "What do you think of Evidently not much and MARGIE is getting short of alterna Wait a minute, I just had the most brilliant idea ..
37) 11) dialog: Think he still thinks about her. But not like then. Then was an obsession.
37) 14) dialog: Sure you can. Anyway, parties are all about standing still ..
37) 17) dialog: I think John, would love it ...
38) 2) text: But he's already lost BERLIN's attention. MARGIE walks in HELENA. Jesus what have you done to her? Bright red lipst jet black mascara and dress made of blood red sequins. Se is but her it isn't. She looks like one of those big tit from Tennessee. She also looks like 37 million dollars. C that smile works with paint. An appraisal comes from ROSS 96:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. The whole house is going around in a haze of booze and co lights and laughter. Buddy Holly supplies the music "True Ways" and ROSS is a victim of the nostalgia. Dances close MARGIE. Among the kaleidoscope of passing couples are HEL BERLIN. Eyes closed and oblivious of everything but each But someone is staring at them. About forty years old wit hands. Too old for acne but the skin is bad. Got a scar o cheek like a ladder in a stocking. He continues to stare the dancers separate. Music ends and he's already in the BERLIN arrives with a whisper for MARGIE and next thing H is on her arm heading for the stairs. Obviously a "ladies run. Everly Brothers next record up and SERATO appears th the crush. Spots ROSS who wants to know "What happened to
39) 0) text: MARGIE fixes HELENA's lips. Big on the lipstick. Another of magenta is going on "Are you sure I look O.K." Her que interrupts the Revlon "You're the prettiest girl here by two hundred per cent." MARGIE moves in again for the lowe
39) 1) dialog: How you doing on those shoes?
39) 3) text: Perhaps she is a tiny bit tipsy? MARGIE smiles and says "
39) 4) dialog: Girl like you should be drinking chill white wine. Press. All done.
39) 7) dialog: That woman is a disaster ...
40) 12) text: Every humiliation there is. However HELENA gets out of th however she achieves it. But by the time she does she's c 99:  INT.  HALLWAY/STAIRS.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. A calm spot between kitchen &amp; stairs. In the backgrou raid the kitchen for food. BERLIN looks like he should be ing a cigarette. At last MARGIE comes downstairs with the
40) 13) dialog: She wants to go back to the institute ..
45) 0) text: Close on a bulb in a flashlight. The merest glimmer of en Barely the light to see the blood. It seeps into a long-f footprint in the ice. Fills it fast and expands over the Somebody say this can't be happening? BERLIN crumples to in the snow. Dumps his light gasping for breath. Oblique creating desperate silhouettes. BERLIN howls like a dog. into his radio. "Nine - Nine - Nine." Blood all over his "This is a Nine - Nine - Nine - officer down." ROSS is he like an old bull elephant. On the verge of unconsciousnes tries to speak. Got hit in the throat. BERLIN fights off "Don't talk old man." Repeats the emergency code but this he can't be heard. Almost imperceptibly a Carol filters i The Bleak Mid Winter) and the Camera moves slowly away. B cradles ROSS's tragic head and the song drowns the raging This beautiful Christmas carol will articulate rhythm of cuts. And there will be no other sound until the sequence 116:  EXT.  CITY STREET.  CITY HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. A blue emergency light. Revolving in slow motion. Like a The city streets are a blur. The light accelerates into s reality. Ambulance plus police convoy speed to a city hos 117:  INT.  EMERGENCY ROOM.  HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. Close-up of MARGIE kissing her husband's lips for the las Tears spill down his cheeks from her eyes. FREDDY ROSS is 118:  INT.  WAITING AREA.  HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. Outside in the corridor. Looking in at BERLIN. He sits he hands on a bench. This is somebody's point of view. The c travels up the windows. Waits at a distance as CITRINE ar Pajamas under his clothes. He walks with assistance of a Neither say anything because both know what this is about LIN stands and hands over his badge. Exits the mag and no Beretta. A brief word from CITRINE and he turns and walks 119:  EXT.  LANDSCAPE.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAWN. A little house in winter meadows. Kind of pretty now it's ted. Just the first tint of pink on its roof. The Carol d ves into birdsong. Here comes the sun for a fine Christma 120:  EXT.  VERANDA.  HOUSE.  DAWN. All new paint and all new things in expectation of happy A barbecue still in polythene wraps. Price tag and unconn gas pipe shift gently in the breeze. A brand now swinging BERLIN sits in it with shock wearing on. Expressionless o row. Though he suffers every sorrow and guilt and regret is. Sunlight reaches the veranda and colors the end of it silent and motionless he watches the lousiest dawn of his 121:  EXT/INT.  THE ROSS RESIDENCE.  LIVING ROOM.  DAY. Lights glow on the Christmas tree. Unopened presents stil erneath. SERATO sits smoking in silence. Listens to a sou plates getting stacked in another room. He looks up but n surprise. He just wasn't aware BERLIN had arrived in the
45) 16) text: If silence can intensify it's now. Sound of the front doo then footsteps. BERLIN freezes as MARGIE appears. Wracked grief. Dead sickness of tears. Like she cried bones out o face. But no weeping now. Maybe shock. Maybe brave. Maybe
45) 18) dialog: I'm here, honey. I'm right here.
45) 22) dialog: Don't.
45) 23) text: Raises her hand to silence him and this is silence Margie Don't.
45) 28) dialog: Helena can stay here if she'd like to .. I'd like her to .. I'll look after her .. and she can look after me .. I'm tired now .. I must sleep ..
51) 1) dialog: Your Daddy would have wanted you to be strong .. We gotta be strong for Daddy, darling ..
65) 0) text: BERLIN/HELENA couldn't have been in the house longer than taken to call Los Angeles. MARGIE infected with the excit although as yet she hardly knows what's going on. BERLIN the tiles on a long phone lead. Eyes to MARGIE while they
65) 3) text: Dumps the phone and stokes anxiety in HELENA and MARGIE's No Amanda with a white Volkswagen .. You don't have a Yellow Pages for Oakland, do you? (She don't) I got- ta get down there, find that store ..
65) 4) text: Everything happens in a hurry. He embraces HELENA. She'll for him. Already out the back door with MARGIE in tow. A &amp; white parked in the drive with VENABLES stuffed ins a grim wind tearing trees. BERLIN pauses as he reaches hi
65) 7) dialog: If you find him, John. I want you to call me. I wanna know his name.
68) 0) text: BERLIN searches the bedroom. Anxiety and antiques. Does a and now a wardrobe. Nothing much in either. But finds a s full of letters in the latter. Postcards/birthday cards e 164:  INT.  BATHROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  NIGHT. Half the floorboards already up. VENABLES levers at anoth music is nervous and louder. Next floorboard is next to t 165:  INT.  BEDROOM/WARDROBE.  (AMANDA'S) HOUSE.  NIGHT. Big close on a postcard (a fantasy yacht on a blue sea). tion reads "JUST ANOTHER DAY IN SAN DIEGO." Close enough the message ".. too hot .. asthma not too good .. as soon settled I'll write .. love John .." Next letter out is al marked San Diego. Inside is a happy snap of Sergeant John 166:  INT.  BATHROOM.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  NIGHT. Almost too close to see what's happening. But a gloved ha found a pistol under the bath. Out it comes with BISLEY s And St ANNE and TAYLOR arrive. "Got a little Walther. It' 167:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  THE ROSS RESIDENCE.  DAY. HELENA looks at the floor and listens. MARGIE looks at th and listens. Big close on the screen. This scene will int between the television and those in front of it as approp [1]  An exterior shot of Berlin's house. Sheriff's cars p out front. Various people come and go. One of them is Ser Taylor. Perpetual wind on the sound track interrupted by
69) 2) dialog: Jesus. What are you doing here?
69) 4) text: MARGIE heads for a table and unloads a strong-box of docu Is she going somewhere?
69) 5) dialog: I'm taking her back to the Instit- ute. Her new term starts tomorrow.
69) 9) dialog: No .. I'll drive her ..
70) 30) text: As he reaches for her she turns. MARGIE wears a green dre gown and a blonde wig and has a very big fucking pistol i hand. TAYLOR can't believe what he's looking at. And for stant neither does MARGIE. Their surprise is mutually stu How can it be him? How can it be her? TAYLOR's still tryi work out how they made the switch when the first bullet s into his chest. Gets another as he goes down. He crumples deadly heap and revenge is completed with two more in the 187:  INT.  LANDING/STAIRS.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. MARGIE barges through the doors. The MYOPIC Janitor is ha up adjacent stairs peering down. No time for introduction no time for explanations. "Call the Police. Do it. Now." ing up at him she's already descending. "Tell em the gymn 188:  INT.  GYMNASIUM.  INSTITUTE.  NIGHT. MARGIE patrols plate glass windows. Where are the fucking She's shocked and looks strange indeed. Wig off but hair all over her head. An overcoat and shoes but still wearin nightgown underneath. A couple of dreary lights in the ce HELENA sits numb under one of them all but hidden in a bl MARGIE can't stand waiting any longer. "I'm gonna call th self." HELENA nods and sure she's O.K. to stay here. The settle and she is alone. Headlights cross the windows shi the shadows of everything. Swooping the walls they move a ion back to the door. TAYLOR stares in and then pushes th Worse for wear but very much alive. Discarded his leather et revealing the bullet proof vest. Blood all over his T- Looks like he caught one in the shoulder. A bad burn and runs from his left hand. In his right hand he clasps the He cracks it open like a whip. HELENA hears it and stands ror as the footsteps approach. "Margie. Margie." But Marg n't around. He's less than 30 feet away. She tries to bac but is hindered by the blanket. Tries to scream but is st with fear. Maybe six seconds to live but this refers to T "Taylor" He swings around but this time he doesn't get ti look surprised. BERLIN blows the fucker across the room. load slugs weighing an ounce each crash into him. BERLIN pumping the Remington and doesn't stop firing until the m ine is over. No conjecture now. This bastard is very much BERLIN throws the 12 gauge aside. And maybe it means some Maybe at last he accepts he's stopped living in that worl ready to give himself a chance in this. HELENA in his arm this is his new world. Flashing lights and headlights flo to the darkness. Their embrace goes on. And this story is