23) 27) text: SERATO walks in with a cigarette plugged into his ashen k
23) 28) dialog: Flying colors ...
23) 30) dialog: I said it.
23) 34) dialog: .. this is the stupidest thing we ever done. Fucking Citrine's gonna fire one of us for this ..
38) 2) text: But he's already lost BERLIN's attention. MARGIE walks in HELENA. Jesus what have you done to her? Bright red lipst jet black mascara and dress made of blood red sequins. Se is but her it isn't. She looks like one of those big tit from Tennessee. She also looks like 37 million dollars. C that smile works with paint. An appraisal comes from ROSS 96:  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  HOUSE.  NIGHT. The whole house is going around in a haze of booze and co lights and laughter. Buddy Holly supplies the music "True Ways" and ROSS is a victim of the nostalgia. Dances close MARGIE. Among the kaleidoscope of passing couples are HEL BERLIN. Eyes closed and oblivious of everything but each But someone is staring at them. About forty years old wit hands. Too old for acne but the skin is bad. Got a scar o cheek like a ladder in a stocking. He continues to stare the dancers separate. Music ends and he's already in the BERLIN arrives with a whisper for MARGIE and next thing H is on her arm heading for the stairs. Obviously a "ladies run. Everly Brothers next record up and SERATO appears th the crush. Spots ROSS who wants to know "What happened to
38) 3) dialog: Duty Sergeant fucked up .. can you believe it, I'm on tonight ..
38) 6) dialog: I left a message on your machine. It wasn't me calling. Sam around?
38) 10) dialog: I spoke to old whass-his-name a couple of times. But not to her, and I never asked for her ..
38) 13) dialog: Not guilty ..
45) 0) text: Close on a bulb in a flashlight. The merest glimmer of en Barely the light to see the blood. It seeps into a long-f footprint in the ice. Fills it fast and expands over the Somebody say this can't be happening? BERLIN crumples to in the snow. Dumps his light gasping for breath. Oblique creating desperate silhouettes. BERLIN howls like a dog. into his radio. "Nine - Nine - Nine." Blood all over his "This is a Nine - Nine - Nine - officer down." ROSS is he like an old bull elephant. On the verge of unconsciousnes tries to speak. Got hit in the throat. BERLIN fights off "Don't talk old man." Repeats the emergency code but this he can't be heard. Almost imperceptibly a Carol filters i The Bleak Mid Winter) and the Camera moves slowly away. B cradles ROSS's tragic head and the song drowns the raging This beautiful Christmas carol will articulate rhythm of cuts. And there will be no other sound until the sequence 116:  EXT.  CITY STREET.  CITY HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. A blue emergency light. Revolving in slow motion. Like a The city streets are a blur. The light accelerates into s reality. Ambulance plus police convoy speed to a city hos 117:  INT.  EMERGENCY ROOM.  HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. Close-up of MARGIE kissing her husband's lips for the las Tears spill down his cheeks from her eyes. FREDDY ROSS is 118:  INT.  WAITING AREA.  HOSPITAL.  NIGHT. Outside in the corridor. Looking in at BERLIN. He sits he hands on a bench. This is somebody's point of view. The c travels up the windows. Waits at a distance as CITRINE ar Pajamas under his clothes. He walks with assistance of a Neither say anything because both know what this is about LIN stands and hands over his badge. Exits the mag and no Beretta. A brief word from CITRINE and he turns and walks 119:  EXT.  LANDSCAPE.  BERLIN'S HOUSE.  DAWN. A little house in winter meadows. Kind of pretty now it's ted. Just the first tint of pink on its roof. The Carol d ves into birdsong. Here comes the sun for a fine Christma 120:  EXT.  VERANDA.  HOUSE.  DAWN. All new paint and all new things in expectation of happy A barbecue still in polythene wraps. Price tag and unconn gas pipe shift gently in the breeze. A brand now swinging BERLIN sits in it with shock wearing on. Expressionless o row. Though he suffers every sorrow and guilt and regret is. Sunlight reaches the veranda and colors the end of it silent and motionless he watches the lousiest dawn of his 121:  EXT/INT.  THE ROSS RESIDENCE.  LIVING ROOM.  DAY. Lights glow on the Christmas tree. Unopened presents stil erneath. SERATO sits smoking in silence. Listens to a sou plates getting stacked in another room. He looks up but n surprise. He just wasn't aware BERLIN had arrived in the
45) 3) dialog: Taken Bobby to her sister's ..
45) 6) text: SERATO shakes his head. Loses his cigarette. And SAMMY ap
45) 7) dialog: Thinks his dad's in hospital.
45) 8) text: SAMMY SERATO is 30 and pretty. She continues collecting p Why'd you go up there, John?
50) 0) text: The lights on the Christmas tree are off. That just about it up. The word's out and it talks in barren silence as B appears. TAYLOR and SERATO in conference at a desk. The f looks. The latter turns away. BERLIN walks the room into up. "Like some coffee, John?" Seems like ANN is the only olent face around. She gets a lost smile &amp; bewildered his head. Disappears into his room And quietly closes the 130:  INT.  CRIME LAB.  POLICE STATION.  DAY. A picture of Ross fills the frame. Snapped the day they s ed the dump. Blasted with rain. A waterproof cape and a f raised in defiance. BERLIN shifts eyes from the bulletin Pours a last inch of whisky and drinks. Eyes back to the for a last photographic/panoramic record of his time in E The photo of Ross again before his eyes sweep quickly on. ure of Amber Stone. Thumb tacks and maps and tape. Inform relating to specific areas in San Diego. Carlsbad/Ocean B Point Loma. "Jennifer Seven" "Jennifer Eight." But who gi fuck anymore? Two dead dogs on a refuse dump. And now the face of a Dummy. BERLIN stares till someone knocks on the St ANNE comes in smoking a cigarette and eating a ham san St ANNE You go home, John, get some sleep. I don't wanna talk any more today.
55) 0) text: Fog and dusk in that order. Headlights descend the slope. and CITRINE plus cane get out. As he crosses the lot a Un fires up a Harley. Next face is SERATO heading for his ca accosts the Chief with a piece of paper. It is read with ating incredulity. This would be comic if it wasn't so se
55) 1) dialog: She's in love with him, Chief, and try anything?
55) 3) dialog: No, I just sent Travis. I've got a call to make.
56) 11) text: SERATO keeps it dispassionate. Ignores BERLIN's desperate
56) 12) dialog: You got one.