1) 6) text: A big nlan is standing next the table, jthe DOCTOR. He exa possessions.
1) 14) text: There dre: An arrqwhead. Al erysta]. Some MI scout Knife with it. A lweather-b and vate polaro @ caps. Snjall stones. watch with a young woman, JANE, and a small boy, HUNTER,| about. three years o. A Mexican roadmap pf Texas, a}most falling apart. | Not very] detailed. |Somebody seems tlio have adied names of cities and also roads. The doctor looks down at Travis with one of
1) 29) text: (iC) _AMBULANGE INT. /DUSK Travis is lying on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance. His eyes are open now.| The doctor is sitting beside him. ffhere is somebody else driving, but Wwe only see his back. The car is sp highway. eding down the empty
1) 30) dialog: Well, boy, looks like you got yer bell rung pretty good, huh? You got a name? Nothing from fravis. You know whith side a' the border yer on? Pause. Travis just: stares. If you done somethin' illegal, I'm gonna kick yer butt right outa' here. You understand that? You wanna talk to me, son? I'm a doctor, believe it or not. (pause) Como te llamas? Maybe you hablas espanol? Huh? Travis doesn't answer. He seems marooned between some tragic event in his past amd the helplessness of his present situation. He remains silent and without any reaction. meme (3A) CLINIC : EXT, /DUSK (3A)
1) 41) text: Travis is lying on a make-shift mination table. The doctor is examining Travis. Travis just stares GD / ‘DOCTOR This ain't no monastery for fugitives. I don't care what kinda’ condition yer in. I spent too much time in this place} to cultivate any sympathy. All the sympathy's been burnt right outa' me. So you wanna’ talk to me, you talk to me now or I'm makin' a U-turn right outa’ this room, and you'll never see me again. Still noting from Travis.
1) 42) dialog: Lay down. (forces Travis to lay down on the tahie) Lay down, stupid. os {continues examination) Alli right. - Guess somethin’ musta’ cut yer tongue off. Either that or you got somethin' to hide 'cause I can tell you hear me plain enough.
1) 50) text: The doctor holds up the card with Walt's name onji just stares at it.
1) 51) text: Is this you? Or a relative a’ yours? Kin? I'm gonna cali this here number and see if they can tell me who you are. I ain't got beds enough to be puttin’ up mutes. co The doctor leaves. Travis looks at. the (> ceiling. It's as thoughithe doctor's questions called up memories and associations in his mind/that he finds impossible to answer. guage is useless 5. to Travis.
1) 56) text: wnodeh, WALT shor c (into phone) Hello. yeah, yeah, that's wid’. me... Yeah... What?... Wait a second... AM Doctor who?... G2 (pause) That's my brother?... Are you sure?... During the/conversatipn, Walt Can I talk to him?... Well, sees Anne ‘cross from fhe office kinda caught me up short into the workshop. heard from my brother in over four yea ++» What? Okay... All right, give me the exact location of your hospital there... tai (pause) _ . Okay... all right, all right, listen, thanks for the call, doctor. 1'11 be right down there. I'11 get down there 7 as fast as I can. Tell him I'm coming, L- okay?... Okay... stands there for a moment, thinki then| goes into the workshop where Anne| has gone. : After the call, he hangs up and : Be
1) 63) text: e doctor in South Texas. A place called Terlingua. He says he’s found .
2) 11) text: Walt is exhaugted from driving and not| sleeping. | He arrives at the clinic, gets dut of his car and over to |the doctorg who is sitting in a ghair on” om front porth of the glinic (2-b)
2) 12) dialog: You must -be the brother of the mute.
2) 15) dialog: Yeah, we couldn't squeeze the time a' day outa’ him, Must be in some kind of a jam, huh?
2) 18) dialog: Is that right? Well, a lot can happen to a man in four years I guess. All kinds a’ trouble. Expensive trouble.
2) 20) dialog: Well, down here, a man gets himself into a fix sometimes and it costs a little to get him back out. We're kinda' on the edge a’ things down here, if you understand what I mean. oy . a, (CONTINUED)
2) 39) dialog: Well, That's beford hat's just the thing right there. hat I was tryin’ to hint at ya' see. He's disappeared. “WALT He's disappeared? You mean he's not here? {| After I came all this way~~ (CONTINUED)
2) 50) dialog: He's been gone since early this morning. It was too late to let you know. -We have all his possessions nevertheless. Saved them. We'd be glad to turn ‘em over to you... soon as you take care ‘of our little reward. Your brother ran up one big bill, you know. .