1) 0) text: SUPER: "ALL CHILDREN, EXCEPT.ONE, GROW UP.... Pal We are flying--up the Thames River. Present day London gleams in the afternoon sun. We glide over Big Bend to Westminster Bridge, St. James Park, Buckingham Palace, to the rows of townhouses along Kensington Gardens. There’s familiar one. #14. Garret double windows open to the worl
6) 0) text: Peter paces on the phone, now pulling on tux pants and shirt--He fumbles fastening his studs--cardiac intense. PETER (on phone) We’re not "folding our tent"---
10) 16) text: --SHUTTERS BLOW OPEN! Curtains billow. A cold icy wind swirls in with. driving rain. MUSIC STABS. MAGGIE wakes--JACK wakes. They SCREAM!--bathed in unholy light, staring into the unseen face of death.
10) 21) text: Unholy light glows. Liza races in the door. A powerful ic wind SLAMS it into her face--knocking her unconscious.
12) 0) text: Peter bursts in. The room has been savagely tossed. Beds_ empty! Windows flap in the eerie breeze. Moira enters. She swallows her cries. Horrified, she race out. Her calls echoing through the house.
16) 2) text: Nothing....She fell asleep again. She searches his face--hoping, praying. The Doctor enters the bedroom. Moira follows.
20) 0) text: Tootles is now curled asleep on a loveseat, clutching Maggie’s teddy bear. The saddest face ever. Youth gone. Waiting to die. Hopeless.
21) 0) text: The door slowly opens. Peter braces himself in it--facing the dark empty lifeless room. He hoists the near empty bottle for another pull.
24) 23) dialog: Yep, he’s dead. ZIGGY (0c) I god dibs on his shooz. I god dibs. Ziggy’s CHUBBY HANDS slowly untie Peter’s sneaker. MORE DIRTY HANDS inspect and poke at him--checking his teeth. One tries to pull Peter’s wedding ring off. Stuck. A big hunting knife poises to cut-off Peter’s finger-- Peter SNORTS--ALL HANDS DISAPPEAR. Feet scurry about. WE HEAR O.C. “Shhhhh"; whispers; "shut up"; "I saw him first
24) 32) text: STREET KIDS rush from the trees, yelling, pounding on primitive but sophisticated weapons (slingshots with scopes], jabbing him, making rude gestures. Young savages Lords of the Burbs. Their garb from many times and places Painted faces. Painted hair. A necklace of teeth--earring Your worst Dickens/Rock’n Roll nightmare--THE LOST BOYS?
24) 57) dialog: Me first!
24) 92) dialog: Rufio’s right, Tink. How are we s’posed to fight Hook with him? You sure you got thu right "Peter"? swats at her like a mosquito.
24) 94) dialog: Married?
25) 0) text: A guillotine juts into the sky. Blade gleaming. It drops with a rush. WE HEAR the sickening sound of contact 0.¢C. SMEE catches two cleanly severed halves of a watermelon placed in the guillotine headblock. A small bowling ball a man, with John Lennon glasses and wirey hair bulging fr under his hat, eats ravenously, SPITTING SEEDS---