5) 4) dialog: Oh, pooh. You’re Daddy’s turning into a fusspot in his old age-- Granny pats her thighs--Maggie jumps in her lap, hugging her tight. Granny looks at Jack and feigns shock.
5) 9) dialog: I am, am I? Is "rad" good? Jack nods giving some “attitude".
5) 14) dialog: Dear Moira--I look like a prune. (takes a long look at Peter) Hullo, Peter. How’s my "favorite orphan"?
5) 17) dialog: (in her best Queen’s English) Oh, Peter--do chill out-- He does. Jack loves it. Maggie giggles.
7) 0) text: Jack, dressed for bed, hangs out by the open double windows--bored, listening to his "Walkman". Every few seconds he dangles one of Maggie’s "My Little Ponies" out the window and lets it drop--watching it fall. GRANNY WENDY (OC) . “All children, except one, grow-up."
8) 0) text: Granny Wendy is on the floor in her evening finery with Maggie in her lap reading from a ragged copy of PETER AND WENDY. The "Wendy Girl" inside her peeking through. The very dollhouse from her childhood stands beside then. It’s almost a child’s room again.
8) 1) dialog: (continuing) "Wendy knew that she must grow up. You always know after you are two. Two is the beginning of the end."... (showing the page to Maggie) There--I am Wendy, or I was--a long time ago.
8) 3) dialog: And see--that is the same window and this is the very room where we uadeup bedtime stories. about Peter and Neverland and old scary Captain Hook. Mr. Barrie, Sir James, our neighbor, took a fancy to my Mum and her stories--so he wrote them down--dear me--over 80 years ago.
8) 5) dialog: Certainly not. And we ought not have the telly now. Reading is the window into life.
8) 33) dialog: (girlish laughter) Your father used to be a very wild and rambunctious child, believe it or not. Jack perks up at the window, suddenly interested.
8) 35) dialog: It’s true, Jack. He reminded me so much of the little boy from Neverland, I called him "Peter". Your grandparents adopted him with that name and moved to to the States. What a wild mischieveous child he was--so full of life. She trails off lost in the memory.
8) 48) dialog: It’s been a long time since I’ve heard the sounds of children in that room...before they have to grow up and face the world. I do so miss it...
8) 52) dialog: Let them breathe, Peter. Children need to be children. Sometimes... adults need to be children too. Hold on Peter. She’s right.
10) 33) dialog: Good God--Hurry!
14) 1) dialog: It...ds...true... An unseen force hits her again. She collapses on the floo
16) 0) text: Peter exits Granny Wendy’s bedroom, exhausted. Moira is waiting, running on fumes.
19) 0) text: Dead silence. A near empty Scotch bottle sits next to it. Peter picks the bottle up, still in tux pants, suspenders down, now wearing a golf shirt and sneakers. Strung out. INT. GRANNY WENDY’S BEDROOM - LATER Peter peeks in. Moira sleeps in a chair beside the bed, holding Granny Wendy’s hand. Gran is out cold.