2) 28) dialog: Daddy--I can’t breathe--
2) 31) dialog: --That’s me. Aren’t I cute. That’s you-- The picture. A big plane CRASHES IN FLAMES into a sea ful of sharks which are eating everyone--EXCEPT MAGGIE AND PETER--who are both descending in parachutes.
2) 45) dialog: Daddy--Daddy--haf to go to the bathroon. She’s right behind him. Jack groans, humiliated. Moira shrugs an apology to the world. Peter flushes red--taking Maggie’s hand. . EXT. HEATHROW - CAB CUE - DAY TITLES CONT’D London Taxis pull up and load PASSENGERS. Peter moves Jac 2 inches back behind the yellow line with Maggie and Moir as if it were radioactive. Jack is really annoyed. EXT. KENSINGTON GARDENS ~ DAY TITLES CONT’D The statue of Queen Victoria reigns over Round Pond. A traffic jam inches past Kensington Palace in the b.g.
3) 0) text: Peter is engrossed figuring exchange rates on his electronic filofax. Maggie sits in Moira’s lap taking in the sights at the window.
3) 9) dialog: "Peter Pan"-- Maggie leans out for a better view. Moira holds onto her.
4) 19) dialog: (skipping to him flapping her arms) Uncle Tootles is going to teach me to fly.
5) 2) text: Such a young lady. Come here. I haven’t seen you since you were but a nib--- Maggie rushes to her--
5) 10) dialog: Are you the really real "Wendy", Granny? Jack says you’re not--
7) 0) text: Jack, dressed for bed, hangs out by the open double windows--bored, listening to his "Walkman". Every few seconds he dangles one of Maggie’s "My Little Ponies" out the window and lets it drop--watching it fall. GRANNY WENDY (OC) . “All children, except one, grow-up."
8) 0) text: Granny Wendy is on the floor in her evening finery with Maggie in her lap reading from a ragged copy of PETER AND WENDY. The "Wendy Girl" inside her peeking through. The very dollhouse from her childhood stands beside then. It’s almost a child’s room again.
8) 4) dialog: 80 years ago? Did they have TV then?
8) 6) dialog: (mesmerised by the book) That’s why Daddy only lets me watch 2 hours of TV a week. He’s afraid my eye balls will get sick and fall out.
8) 22) dialog: But Daddy--Peter Pan and Tink can’t get in--
8) 24) dialog: You don’t bleeve in the tooth faerie and Santy Claus either--but I still love you anyway---
8) 32) dialog: Is that why he grew up to be a lawyer?
8) 36) dialog: Our Daddy?
8) 42) dialog: Merry early before Christmas. It’s a parachute--so you won’t be ascared when we fly. Me and Tootles made it--
8) 44) dialog: (falling asleep) If Santy’s not real, you had sure better teld me before J have children or they won’t get any toys at Christmas. Peter marvels at the mind of his 5 year old cuddling with her teddy bear. In 10 seconds she’s out cold. Asleep. He moves to Jack’s bed--both in need of a serious heart t heart.
10) 9) text: Jack is buried under his covers. Maggie is sprawled half off the bed. THE VIEW GLIDES TO THE WINDOW. Lights sparkle outside. MUSIC DANCES. Faeries? UFOS? Pan?
10) 16) text: --SHUTTERS BLOW OPEN! Curtains billow. A cold icy wind swirls in with. driving rain. MUSIC STABS. MAGGIE wakes--JACK wakes. They SCREAM!--bathed in unholy light, staring into the unseen face of death.
20) 0) text: Tootles is now curled asleep on a loveseat, clutching Maggie’s teddy bear. The saddest face ever. Youth gone. Waiting to die. Hopeless.
24) 0) text: Tink coaxes him out on the ledge. He’s very shakey, tangl in Maggie’s parachute.
24) 144) text: That’s right. Jack and Maggie are here. CANNONS ROAR 0.C. echoing across the island. Peter scans the cove, searching.
29) 54) dialog: Daddy? It’s daddy--DADDYYYYYY!
29) 90) dialog: Dadeeeeeee!