0) 0) text: RYAN HANSEN, shirtless and lightly perspiring (never sweating), huffs and puffs his way up this iconic "hiking trail in the Hollywood hills, all the while talking direc into his iPhone's Periscope app.
0) 1) dialog: What-what! We got straight up picked up, ya'll! Pilot-to-series, suckas! YouTube Red in da hiz-ouse! Brace yourselves for five -- count ‘em -- FIVE more eps of this bad boy right in your pie whole! Wah-DOOSH! ON SCREEN we see a running commentary from IGS Live watchers: Who are you? -- #WeirdAF -- Don't say hiz-ouse. RYAN (cont'd) YTR guys said there was a "less than normal" viewership loss from this crazy viral twerking grandma video that they linked us to. Less than normal! His words, not mine. Crushing iiiit! (beat) BT-dubs, I just want to thank my co- star, the honorable Detective Jessica Mathers -- she made me better in every scene. You know chemistry is a two way street. And some times there are stop lights and some times there are unprotected left hand turns -- but you just keep going. Because... traffic, right? (faux reflective) But I'm not gonna let this show go to my head. It's all about finding my center. Staying grounded. Staying mindful. That's why I'm out here reconnecting with nature. Ryan pans his camera to show a literal PARADE of SHIRTLES MEN and HALF-NAKED WOMEN with insane bodies all walking u Runyon, taking selfies and shooting videos as they "hike" RYAN (cont'd) It's so real up here away from the hustle and bustle of the "LA scene". Behind Ryan, a VAMPY GIRL in crazy skimpy booty shorts, holds her phone down below her ass then brings it up to h face where she smiles and gives a peace sign while holdin package of "Flat Tummy Tea" she's hawking. RYAN (cont'd) Awesome tea. Totes works. At the top of Runyon, Ryan pans the hazy skyline, landing back on himself... RYAN (cont'd) Honestly though you guys, I don't know how the writers are gonna improve on the pilot. Such a barn burner. I mean, seriously -- how do you top opening on a dead body?
1) 0) text: Ryan, sporting a very strange 18TH CENTURY ARMY OFFICER'S UNIFORM, kneels into frame.
1) 1) dialog: Two dead bodies. Ryan pulls a pair of sunglasses from his coat, inexplicab putting them on for "dramatic effect". The crime scene has been taped off. A couple of BEAT COPS stand watching as a PHOTOGRAPHER snaps pictures and CORON prepare two gurneys.
1) 3) dialog: I've got an audition later.
1) 7) dialog: Haw-haw. No -- it's for the movie version. They're doing like an action re-imagining of it without the songs -- I'm going in for Aaron Burr who's like the co-lead. He was played by a black guy in the original, but he was originally originally a white guy, so like, I'm kinda right for it? But not ina racist way or anything. More like returning to the source material or whatever.
1) 9) dialog: Hilarious. Great delivery. Anyhow, I binge-watched that milk commercial like a million times to get inside his head as a character. Doing a deep dive on this one. Pete Berg is directing. I hear all the actors are gonna go through Navy Seal training for it. So cool, right? If I get it, it could like totally change my career. I'm just wearing this period plumage to fully immerse myself in the role. Streep says 80% of acting is wardrobe.
1) 11) dialog: Our job. For five more episodes. Guaranteed. Partner. 4. Ryan smiles smugly. Mathers sighs, but turns her attentio back to the bodies and we get our first good look at them late twenties, MAN and WOMAN, both dressed like they're going to a Renaissance Fair except, bizarrely, the man's wearing the dress and the woman's wearing the pants and puffy shirt (Seinfeld™). The man has a KNIFE, buried to the hilt, sticking out of chest and the woman's face is nearly purple, a small VIAL rests inches from her lifeless fingers. Mathers looks to the BEAT COP standing nearby...
1) 14) dialog: Hey, Frank. What's good?
1) 17) dialog: Who? Frank? Course I do. Everyone knows The Franken-ator. Frankenstein! Ryan and Frank do a fun fist bump thing. Mathers doesn't like it one bit.
1) 19) dialog: No way! You didn't eat the whole thing -- that was the bet! They yuck it up a bit. Clearly, Ryan's a people person an Mathers is deeply annoyed by that.
1) 20) text: Hey -- sorry to interrupt international grab-ass hour, but you two mind knocking it the fuck off? Total killjoy. Frank and Ryan straighten up.
1) 32) dialog: What's your read on this one?
1) 36) dialog: No chance. These aren't working actors. I'd know. Mathers shakes her head.
1) 43) dialog: Oh dude! That was sick! Great line. Total trailer moment! (MORE )
1) 44) text: RYAN (cont'd) (mimicking her) "It's too clean." So good. Can I give you a note though? I think you could carve it out a little more if you add some space work to it. Check it. Ryan squats by the bodies, putting his sunglasses back on He rises, taking them off as he stares into the distance. RYAN (cont'd) That's what bothers me about it: it's too clean. (breaking) See? Better right? I think you should maybe consider adding a toothpick or a match to your mouth. Like something you're always chewing on? Could be your "thing", plus you know, mouth props.
1) 46) dialog: Where are we going?
1) 48) dialog: Ooh! Or a red coffee straw! Like you're trying to quit caffeine, but we never come out and say it -- it's like a mystery! Baller backstory!
2) 0) text: Mathers drives, Ryan rides shotgun. He tugs at his collar sweating.
2) 2) dialog: Art is suffering.
2) 4) dialog: Make fun, but I'm gonna nail this audition tonight.
2) 6) dialog: 9pm.
2) 8) dialog: It's kind of an after-hours thing. The assistant associate casting director asked me to come in after they're closed. I guess she doesn't want me to intimidate the other actors. She's even keeping it off the books. Very hush hush.
2) 10) dialog: Exactly. I'm pretty much like the Zero Dark Thirty of auditioning -- swoop in at night, kill Osama -- in this case Osama would be the audition, not like a real person -- and get out. (beat) So we better solve this case before 9pm tonight, or you're on your own. Cuz nothing is keeping me from landing this one. (into phone) Siri, set an alarm for 9pm tonight, the moment my life will change forever.
3) 0) text: A modest duplex off of Melrose. Mathers and Ryan the front door.
3) 1) dialog: So what do we know about this place?
3) 3) dialog: Ah. Good. Strong clue.
3) 5) dialog: Hey -- you think I should have a badge?
3) 7) dialog: Really?
3) 9) dialog: Why?
3) 11) dialog: How am I supposed to give an authentic performance if you guys won't let me have a gun or a badge? approach 10.
3) 13) dialog: Huh?
3) 15) dialog: What do I do if someone comes to the door?
3) 17) dialog: (90% sure) Ha -- that's not a real thing. With that, Mathers moves off around back leaving Ryan sol on the doorstep. Unable to be alone with his thoughts for more than three seconds, Ryan pulls out his phone. He fucks around with some SnapChat face apps: waggy-tongu dog, squeaky-voiced deer, crying baby. Totally normal. Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, Ryan spots moveme inside the apartment. He cups his hand to the front windo and sees
4) 0) text: We're hand-held behind the killer as he approaches the girl's back. She unwraps her towel. The Killer raises his knife... ...when suddenly RYAN DIVES AT HIM THROUGH A SIDE DOOR, yelling a warrior's cry...
4) 2) dialog: Clooooooney! ...and tackling the would-be assailant to the ground --
4) 5) dialog: I'm Ryan Hansen.
4) 7) dialog: The Nickelodeon Slime-Time nominated actor? I just totally saved your life.
4) 9) dialog: From like the killer. Duh. On cue, the Killer groans...
4) 13) dialog: My bad, dawg.
5) 2) dialog: George Clooney is my spirit animal.
5) 6) dialog: Honestly, none of this would've happened if I had a badge.
5) 8) dialog: This is for my Hamilton audition. It's period authentic.
5) 10) dialog: More genre authentic, but I totally honor that feeling. And before we dialogue further on this, can I just say I think it's such a cool cosmic coincidence that the old Captain Jackson and you share the same last name. Are you guys related?
5) 12) dialog: (stunned) You're black? I honestly didn't notice. I don't see color -- just people. And auras. (to Mathers) Did you know she's black? Crazy, right? Mathers looks like she's about to die.
5) 16) dialog: FYI, I think she meant you on the badge thing. Mathers shoots him a murderous glare.
6) 0) text: PARKER STARR, formerly the blonde in the towel, sits opposite Ryan and Mathers...
6) 4) dialog: Showcase?
6) 6) dialog: I know what a showcase is. I'm an actor.
6) 8) dialog: This. This show that you're literally on right now.
6) 10) dialog: YouTube Red.
6) 12) dialog: No one has. That's the point. My partner and I here are gonna put them on the map. Big time. Kabloom. Emmy. Kabloom Golden Globe. Kabloom other TV award I can't think of right now. Like a SAG or something.
6) 14) dialog: Yeah -- whatever to you. Mathers steps in...
6) 17) dialog: That explains the outfits. And they flipped gender roles to keep it fresh. Clever. Makes perfect sense.
6) 19) dialog: Technically maybe, but Baz's was like way better than the original. Kinda like Ocean's Eleven. (MORE )
6) 20) text: RYAN (cont'd) Pre-Titanic Leo. Post-Catalano, pre- Homeland Danes. So good. Plus, not to make this a history lesson or anything, but that Roland Emmerich movie totally disproved that Shakespeare even ever existed. So... Mathers clenches her jaw, trying to ward off a conniption
6) 23) dialog: Allegedly. FYI -- I'm not really approaching my role as a "hero" per se, but more of a troubled protagonist.
6) 25) dialog: (intrigued) Really? Like who?
6) 29) dialog: He's only like one of the best acting teachers east of the 405. (MORE )
6) 30) text: RYAN (cont'd) He was Taylor Lautner's on-set coach for like all of the Twilight movies. He teaches at this old school place downtown. His class is impossible to get in to. (to Parker) You must be good.
6) 32) dialog: (aside to Mathers) I don't like her. I think she did it.
7) 0) text: Ryan and Mathers exit the INTERVIEW ROOM and walk toward through the BULLPEN as we track with them. Ryan checks hi phone...
7) 1) dialog: She wasn't lying. Look, Jane updated her Facebook page that morning. JANE DOUGH's Facebook page: a picture of a modest ENGAGEM RING on her hand with the tagline: He asked!!! #HappyWife RYAN (cont'd) I didn't see an engagement ring on her finger. 10 18.
7) 3) dialog: Totally. Ryan's smirking.
7) 5) dialog: We just did our first walk and talk together.
7) 7) dialog: This whole thing was just a walk & talk one-er. It's like a way to make boring plot stuff less boring for the audience. They did it all the time on The West Wing (so good right?). See how we just went in like a big circle but nothing really happened-- WHACK -- Ryan walks balls-first into a BANISTER BEAM, doubling over and dropping. Mathers doesn't break stride.
8) 0) text: The two DEAD BODIES lie on STAINLESS STEEL SLABS as Ryan Mathers get the lowdown from PRIYA DAS (30s) a sober Indi American Medical Examiner. She pulls down her exam mask, revealing a strikingly beautiful face.
8) 2) dialog: Whoa -- time out -- you're crazy hot.
8) 4) dialog: No, I mean that in a good way. Plus, your face is like totally diverse.
8) 6) dialog: I'm just saying you could play a doctor on TV or something.
8) 8) dialog: Yeah -- but you could be one on TV.
8) 10) dialog: Huh?
8) 13) dialog: Sodium Hydroxide. (off Mathers look) I played a "cool" chemistry teacher for a three ep arc on Heart of Dixie season five. No biggie.
8) 17) dialog: Oh shit -- is it alien blood?
8) 20) dialog: It's stage blood.
8) 23) dialog: I'm getting a badge.
8) 25) dialog: It's being discussed.
8) 29) dialog: This was a murder-murder sitch. stares at Ryan.
8) 31) dialog: What? I'm sorry I don't know the fancy term, okay? It's only the second episode. We need a technical adviser on this show.
8) 33) dialog: (proudly correcting) Or her. It could be a her -- women can be murderers too. They're just as good at killing as men are. Equality, you know? I'm with her. Ryan shoots the camera a little "you're welcome" glance.
8) 35) dialog: Where to?
8) 37) dialog: Whoa -- that was awesome. You're like the first half of A Beautiful Mind.
8) 39) dialog: One sec... Ryan turns to Priya... RYAN (cont'd) Hey Doc Bollywood, I've got some light smile lines coming in here and here. Can you just hit ‘em real quick before we go.
8) 41) dialog: Just a quick poke-er-roo with the ol' freeze juice and we'll be on our way. We're gonna be on the confessional couch later and that lens can be like super unforgiving.
8) 43) dialog: Oh and she could use it too. Like a lot. Like pretty much everywhere. Hose her down. (stage whisper) She's from Cleveland.
8) 45) dialog: Right? 11 EXT. DOWNTOWN LA BLACK BOX THEATER - DAY ll Establishing. I have nothing else to say about this. 12 23.
9) 0) text: Mathers and Ryan talk with a scarf-wearing ALFONSO DIAPHA (60s) who flutters about the space getting things ready f the big show tonight. Actors rehearse in the background.
9) 3) dialog: So true. So true.
9) 5) dialog: Probably. I'm Ryan Hansen.
9) 8) dialog: She's from Cleveland. Alfonso makes a face like he caught a whiff of something.
9) 11) dialog: Look -- there's only one way to solve this crime and catch the killer. You thinking what I'm thinking?
9) 13) dialog: (jazz hands) It's a...
10) 1) dialog: ...Showcase showdown! On the Modern Family-style confessional couch, Ryan and Mathers address the camera directly. RYAN (cont'd) We're going undercover at tonight's to do. We find that engagement ring, we find the killer. Right, partner?
10) 3) dialog: You're right. We're not partners. We're more important than that to each other now. We're scene partners.
10) 5) dialog: (excited) I know, right? And I have the perfect scene for us to do together.
11) 0) text: A HALF-FULL AUDIENCE watches Ryan and Mathers, both soaki wet and dressed like McAdams & Gosling from The Notebook, standing center stage. A makeshift "rain machine" offers a two-foot wide deluge directly over Ryan. Mathers gives the stiffest reading imaginable, checking h palm for cribbed lines as she goes.
11) 2) dialog: I wrote you 365 letters. I wrote you every day for a year. Mathers misses her cue. Ryan prompts her. She reluctantly obliges...
11) 4) dialog: Yes. It wasn't over. It still isn't over. Ryan goes to pull Mathers in for the big movie star kiss moment but she quickly pivots and hip-tosses Ryan to the stage in a slick Judu move. Ryan writhes. Mathers bows and gives a genuine smile, pleased with herself. A confused crowd applauds lightly.
12) 0) text: Ryan and Mathers come off stage. Ryan is hot...
12) 1) dialog: What the hell was that? 26.
12) 3) dialog: Attacking you?! With my mouth?
12) 5) dialog: (horrified) You've never seen The Notebook???
12) 7) dialog: I can't even with you. Ryan moves to a WALL OF HEADSHOTS and starts pulling them down, one after the other.
12) 9) dialog: Our job. These are all the head shots for the actors in the showcase tonight. On the back are their resumes. At the bottom of every acting resume is a little section called, "special skills" which no one ever reads. Except me, right now, because whoever our killer is...
12) 11) dialog: I was gonna say probably studied Meisner. But that could work too. Mathers starts pulling off head shots too. They scan them tossing them aside as they go. Ryan shakes his head... RYAN (cont'd) Seriously -- rollerblading counts? 27.
12) 13) dialog: Told ya...
12) 16) dialog: .++.women can be killers too. Reveal Ryan and Mathers in the mirror. Parker spins.
12) 18) dialog: And only one person in Alfonso's class does.
12) 20) dialog: Honestly -- this all feels a little straight forward to me. I was hoping for more of a twist ending. On cue, a gun slides into frame pointed right at the back Ryan's head.
12) 22) dialog: More of a reveal, but I'll take it. Jared, sporting a cast on his broken arm, shoves Ryan and Mathers DEEPER BACK STAGE, away from everyone, as Parker joins his side smiling smugly. 28.
12) 26) dialog: Oh shit -- lesbian stuff. This is so HBO, I love it. Plus it really connects with our LGBTQ demo.
12) 29) dialog: How dare you. Ryan lunges forward -- Mathers steps in front of him, holding him back. Just then, a CHUBBY DUDE dressed like Uma Thurman from Kill Bill steps in...
12) 31) dialog: You go after him, I'll handle her. Mathers rolls her eyes: typical. RYAN (cont'd) What? She's the one without a gun.
14) 0) text: Ryan pushes through the ACCESS DOOR onto the roof. Steam vents and the downtown skyline give the whole thing a lus LA Noire vibe. Ryan scans the rooftop, no sign of Parker. He pivots back and suddenly ducks, barely avoiding decapitation from the leggy blonde's home run swing -- THWACK! Steam shoots out of a freshly severed pipe as a wild-eyed Parker steps int her light...
14) 2) dialog: (ducking) Don't you think this is a little gratuitous? (ducking) I mean, I can't really tell if this is super misogynistic or like a female empowerment thing? Can you? Another swing sparks off of stone as Ryan jumps out of th way.
15) 0) text: Jared hustles toward us just as Mathers pops into the all from the side door. He fires at her. She dives for cover. 19 31. He's got her pinned, but Mathers spots something. She fir two precise shots -- clipping a FIRE ESCAPE LADDER just above Jared's head. The heavy iron ladder comes down like guillotine, clonking Jared on the head. Out cold. Mathers rushes up to him, kicking his gun away and cuffin him to the ladder. Then she hears a GIRL SHRIEK. She look up to see Ryan standing on the ledge of the roof, his bac to her.
16) 0) text: His Jordan 6's on the edge of the coping, Ryan's out of r estate. Parker smiles...
16) 2) dialog: Wait! Wait -- okay?! Something in Ryan's tone give Parker pause. Gone is his glib charm, this is now something real for him... RYAN (cont'd) I get it. I know why you killed her. I know what it's like to love something that doesn't love you back. (beat) I've been a working actor for over a decade, but most people confuse me with Ryan Phillippe. And I've finally, after all these years, got my own show and it's not even on television. It's on a website that most people think they jerk off to. (beat) I know your pain, Parker. I'm the same as you. We all hurt. Moved by his words, all the fire goes out of Parker, she lowers her sword... 32.
16) 4) dialog: No, thank you. (beat) Can I just ask you one thing?
16) 6) dialog: Who's your favorite Batman? Huh? Parker doesn't follow. Then we hear the cry...
16) 8) dialog: Took you long enough.
16) 10) dialog: Case closed. Cue the sirens. Indeed, the sound of police sirens. Parker scowls at Ryan...
16) 12) dialog: (big smile) It's called acting, bitch. Look it up. Mathers drags her off. Ryan watches smugly, then...
17) 0) text: Flashing lights and a lovely little crane shot let us kno that we've reached the aftermath. Parker and Jared are shoved into the back of a waiting sq car as Mathers and Ryan walk toward us...
17) 2) dialog: (glum) Thanks. Mathers tries to buck him up...
17) 4) dialog: Yeah. I guess so. Just then, a 22 year-old AGENT'S ASSISTANT in a suit approaches gushing over Mathers...
17) 9) dialog: I just wanna go home. Ryan moves off. We hold on Mathers feeling for him.
18) 0) text: AMY and Ryan's THREE GIRLS sit at the kitchen table with CRYER, each with multiple devices in front of them (lapto iPhones, iPads, etc.) tapping away feverishly. Ryan's youngest complains...
18) 18) dialog: Aw -- thanks, guys. 36.
18) 20) dialog: It didn't. I missed it.
18) 26) dialog: That's okay. I don't need Hamilton, I've got you guys. A big family hug. The crowd "Awwws". The hug ends. Ryan turns to Mathers. RYAN (cont'd) See ya tomorrow.
18) 28) dialog: Are you serious?
19) 0) text: A VIDEO RECORDING stutters to life as Ryan steps back and takes his mark, addressing the lens.
19) 1) dialog: Ryan Hansen, self-tape audition for the role of Aaron Burr in Hamilton: American Vengeance. Ryan turns left and right, offering profiles. He squares up, takes a breath, then lets it rip. RYAN (cont'd) Too bad, Alexander. When the bomb I've strapped your chest to goes off, your dream of an America with a strong central government goes with it. I guess I, Aaron Burr, am finally in "the room where it happens." (then) What? George Washington? How did you get in here-- NOoooOo! Suddenly, Ryan starts jerk his body all over the place as though he were getting shot to death. In slow motion. Wit sound effects. 38. This goes on for awhile. Ryan finally dies, pulling the backdrop sheet down with h Breathless, he pops back into frame. RYAN (cont'd) And scene.