1) 10) text: Troy hands him the bottle. troy: The only thing I say about the A&P is I’m glad Cory got that job down there. Help him take care of his school clothes and things. Rose straightens up. Cory is a sore subject. moy: Gabe done moved out and things getting tight around here. He got that job... he can start to look out for himself. RoszE: Cory done went and got recruited by a college football team. moy: I told that boy about that football stuff. The white man ain’t gonna let him get nowhere with that football. I told him when he first come to me with it. Now you come telling me he done went and got more tied up in it. He ought to go and get recruited in how to fix cars or something where he can make a living. RoszE: He ain’t talking about making no living playing football. It’s just something the boys in school do. They gonna send a recruiter by to talk to you. He’ll tell you he ain’t talking about making no living playing football. It’s a honor to be re- cruited. mroy: It ain’t gonna get him nowhere. Bono’ll tell you that. pono: If he be like you in the sports . . . he’s gonna be all right. Ain’t but two men ever played base- 12 9780735217867 Fences.indd 12 11/1516 1:50 PM
4) 1) text: up a little song about it. Go down there . . . man tell me I can’t get no credit. I’m working every day and can’t get no credit. What to do? I got an empty house with some raggedy furniture in it. Cory ain’t got no bed. He’s sleeping on a pile of rags on the floor. Working every day and can’t get no credit. Come back here-Rose’1l tell you-madder than hell. Sit down... try to figure what I’m gonna do. Come a knock on the door. Ain’t been living here but three days. Who know I’m here? Open the door . . . devil standing there bigger than life. White fellow . . . got on good clothes and everything. Standing there with a clipboard in his hand. I ain’t had to say nothing. First words come out of his mouth was . . . “I understand you need some furniture and can’t get no credit.” I liked to fell over. He say, “I'll give you all the credit you want, but you got to pay the interest on it.” I told him, “Give me three rooms’ worth and charge whatever you want.” Next day a truck pulled up here and two men unloaded them three rooms. Man what drove the truck give me a book. Say send ten dollars, first of every month to the address in the book and everything will be all right. Say if I miss a payment the devil was com- ing back and it’ll be hell to pay. That was fifteen years ago. To this day . . . the first of the month I send my ten dollars, Rose’1l1 tell you. rose: Troy lying. Rose returns to the kitchen. Troy’s voice follows her. As she goes about 21 9780735217867 _Fences.indd 21 11/1516 1:50 PM
6) 0) text: Troy comes out of the bedroom. He sees Cory’s bedroom door is closed. 29 9780735217867 Fences.indd 29 11/1516 1:50 PM
7) 2) text: real nice . . . and then didn’t want nobody to come in it! A Negro go in there and can’t get no kind of service. I seen a white fellow come in there and order a bowl of stew. Pope picked all the meat out the pot for him. Man ain’t had noth- ing but a bowl of meat! Negro come behind him and ain’t got nothing but the potatoes and carrots. Talking about what numbers do for people, you picked a wrong example. Ain’t done nothing but make a worser fool out of him than he was before. Rose comes out from behind the hanging laundry. RosE: Troy, you ought to stop worrying about what hap- pened at work yesterday. troy: I ain’t worried. Just told me to be down there at the commissioner’s office on Friday. Everybody think they gonna fire me. I ain’t worried about them firing me. You ain’t got to worry about that. (pause) Where’s Cory? Cory in the house? (loud)
7) 3) dialog: RosE: He gone out. troy: Out, huh? He gone out ‘cause he know I want him to help me with this fence. I know how he is. That boy scared of work. He ain’t done a lick of work in his life. 32 9780735217867 Fences.indd 32 11/1516 1:50 PM
7) 4) text: ROSE: He had to go to football practice. Coach wanted them to get in a little extra practice before the season start. mroy: I got his practice . . . running out of here before he get his chores done. Rose: Troy, what is wrong with you this morning? Troy grabs a shovel goes to a corner of the yard. Rose: Don’t nothing set right with you. Go on back in there and go to bed . . . get up on the other side. mroy: Why something got to be wrong with me? I ain’t said nothing wrong with me. ROSE: You got something to say about everything. First it’s the numbers . . . then it’s the way the man runs his restaurant . . . then you done got on Cory. What’s it gonna be next? Take a look up there and see if the weather suits you... or is it gonna be how you gonna put up the fence with the clothes hanging in the yard. troy: You hit the nail on the head then. Rrosz: I know you like I know the back of my hand. Come on in here and get you some more coffee . . . see if that straighten you up. (going into the house) "Cause you ain’t right this morning. Troy starts to pace out the fence 33 9780735217867 Fences.indd 33 11/1516 1:50 PM
11) 0) text: cory (o.s.): Mama? You all right? Two hours later. Rose sits, unmoving. The lumps of dough on the sheet have hardened. The game is still in progress. She turns as if waking up. Cory’s behind her in his muddy workout clothes, holding his shoulder pads and 41 9780735217867_Fences.indd 41 11/1516 1:50 PM
11) 1) text: cleats. Rose wipes her hands, switches off the radio, then carries the baking sheet to the trash can, scraping off the ruined biscuits with a knife. Rose: Your daddy like to had a fit with you running out of here this morning without doing your chores. cory: I told you I had to go to practice. ROSE: He say you were supposed to help him with the fence. cory: He been saying that the last four or five Satur- days, and then he don’t never do nothing, but go down to Taylors’ . . . Did you tell him about the recruiter? He opens the refrigerator and imagines the possibilities RosE: Yeah, I told him. cory: What he say? Rose: He ain’t said nothing too much. You get up there and get started on your chores before he gets back. Go on and scrub down them steps before he gets back here hollering and carrying on. Rose tosses the baking sheet in the sink.
12) 11) text: roy (caLLING): Cory!! Get your butt out here, boy! (with lust in his eyes) When you coming back? ROSE (ENJOYING THIS?) I’11 be right back. roy: When? Rose: I’m just going down the street. As Rose leaves, Troy turns, climbs the steps.
13) 0) text: Troy comes out of the house. He goes to the tarp covering the lumber. Cory comes out onto the porch. moy: You just now coming in here from leaving this morning? cory: Yeah, I had to go to football practice. troy: Yeah, what? cory: Yessir. mox: I ain’t but two seconds off you noway. The gar- bage sitting in there overflowing . . . you ain't done none of your chores . . . and you come in here talking about, “Yeah.” cory: I was just getting ready to do my chores now, Pop 44 9780735217867 Fences.indd 44 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 1) text: mroy: Your first chore is to help me with this fence on Saturday. Everything else come after that. Now get that saw and cut them boards. Cory takes the saw and begins cutting the boards. Troy continues working. There is a long pause. cory: Hey, Pop . . . why don’t you buy a TV? troy: What I want with a TV? What I want one of them for? cory: Everybody got one. Earl, Ba Bra . . . Jesse! troy: I ain’t asked you who had one. I say what I want with one? cory: So you can watch it. They got lots of things on TV. Baseball games and everything. We could watch the World Series. troy: Yeah . . . And how much this TV cost? cory: I don’t know. They got them on sale for around two hundred dollars. mroy: Two hundred dollars, huh? cory: That ain’t that much, Pop. mx: Naw, it’s just two hundred dollars. (pointing with his pencil) See that roof you got over your head at night? Let me tell you something about that roof. It’s been over ten years since that roof was last 45 9780735217867 Fences.indd 45 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 2) text: tarred. See now... the snow come this winter and sit up there on that roof like it is... and it’s gonna seep inside. It’s just gonna be a lit- tle bit . . . ain’t gonna hardly notice it. Then the next thing you know, it’s gonna be leaking all over the house. Then the wood rot from all that water and you gonna need a whole new roof. Now, how much you think it cost to get that roof tarred? cory (stops sawinc): I don’t know. mroy: Two hundred and sixty-four dollars . . . cash money. While you thinking about a TV, I got to be thinking about the roof . . . and whatever else go wrong around here. Now if you had two hundred dollars, what would you do... fix the roof or buy a TV? cory: I’d buy a TV. Then when the roof started to leak . . . when it needed fixing . . . I'd fix it. Cory hurls a finished plank aside and grabs the next one. troy: Where are you gonna get the money from? You done spent it for a TV. You gonna sit up and watch the water run all over your brand-new TV. cory: Aw, Pop. You got money. I know you do. troy: Where I got it at, huh? cory: You got it in the bank. mRoy: You wanna see my bankbook? You wanna see that $73.22 I got sitting up in there? 46 9780735217867 Fences.indd 46 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 3) text: cory: You ain’t got to pay for it all at one time. You can put a down payment on it and carry it home with you. troy: Not me. I ain’t gonna owe nobody nothing if I can help it. Miss a payment and they come and snatch it right out your house. Then what you got? Now, soon as I get two hundred dollars clear, then I’1l buy a TV. Right now, as soon as I get two hundred and sixty-four dollars, I’m gonna have this roof tarred. cory: Aw . . . Pop! troy: You go on and get you two hundred dollars and buy one if ya want it. I got better things to do with my money. cory: I can’t get no two hundred dollars. I ain’t never seen two hundred dollars. troy: I/1l tell you what . . . you get you a hundred dollars and I’1l put the other hundred with it. cory: All right, I’m gonna show you. troy: You gonna show me how you can cut them boards right now. Cory begins to cut the boards. There is a long pause. cory: The Pirates won today. That makes five in a row. mroy: I ain’t thinking about the Pirates. Got an all- white team. Got that boy . . . that Puerto Rican boy . . . Clemente. Don’t even half-play him. 47 9780735217867 Fences.indd 47 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 4) text: That boy could be something if they give him a chance. Play him one day and sit him on the bench the next. cory: He gets a lot of chances to play. moy: I’m talking about playing regular. Playing ev- ery day so you can get your timing. That’s what I’m talking about. cory: They got some white guys on the team that don’t play every day. You can’t play everybody at the same time. moy: If they got a white fellow sitting on the bench . . . you can bet your last dollar he can’t play! The colored guy got to be twice as good be- fore he get on the team. That’s why I don’t want you to get all tied up in them sports. Man on the team and what it get him? They got colored on the team and don’t use them. Same as not having them. All them teams the same. cory: The Braves got Hank Aaron and Wes Covington. Hank Aaron hit two home runs today. That makes forty-three. troy: Hank Aaron ain’t nobody. That’s what you sup- posed to do. That’s how you supposed to play the game. Ain’t nothing to it. It’s just a matter of timing . . . getting the right follow-through. Hell, I can hit forty-three home runs right now! cory: Not off no major-league pitching, you couldn’t. troy: We had better pitching in the Negro leagues. I 48 9780735217867 Fences.indd 48 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 5) text: hit seven home runs off of Satchel Paige. You can’t get no better than that! cory: Sandy Koufax. He’s leading the league in strike- outs. troy: I ain’t thinking of no Sandy Koufax. cory: You got Warren Spahn and Lew Burdette. I bet you couldn’t hit no home runs off of Warren Spahn. mroy: I’m through with it now. You go on and cut them boards. (pause) Your mama tell me you done got recruited by a college football team? Is that right? cory: Yeah. Coach Zellman say the recruiter gonna be coming by to talk to you. Get you to sign the permission papers. troy: I thought you supposed to be working down there at the A&P. Ain’t you supposed to be working down there after school? cory: Mr. Stawicki say he gonna hold my job for me until after the football season. Say starting next week I can work weekends. troy: I thought we had an understanding about this football stuff? You suppose to keep up with your chores and hold that job down at the A&P. Ain’t been around here all day on a Saturday. Ain’t none of your chores done . . . and now you tell- ing me you done quit your job. 49 9780735217867 Fences.indd 49 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 6) text: cory: I’m gonna be working weekends. roy: You damn right you are! And ain’t no need for nobody coming around here to talk to me about signing nothing. cory: Hey, Pop . . . you can’t do that. He’s coming all the way from North Carolina. troy: I don’t care where he coming from. The white man ain’t gonna let you get nowhere with that foot- ball no way. You go on and get your book-learning so you can work yourself up in that A&P or learn how to fix cars or build houses or something, get you a trade. That way you have something can’t nobody take away from you. You go on and learn how to put your hands to some good use. Besides haul- ing people’s garbage. cory: I get good grades, Pop. That’s why the recruiter wants to talk with you. You got to keep up your grades to get recruited. This way I’1l be going to college. I’1l get a chance troy: First you gonna get your butt down there to the A&P and get your job back. cory: Mr. Stawicki done already hired somebody else ‘cause I told him I was playing football. mox: You a bigger fool than I thought... to let somebody take away your job so you can play some football. Where you gonna get your money to take out your girlfriend and whatnot? What kind of fool- ishness is that to let somebody take away your job? 50 9780735217867 Fences.indd 50 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 7) text: cory: I’m still gonna be working weekends. my: Naw . . . naw. You getting your butt out of here and finding you another job. cory: Come on, Pop! I got to practice. I can’t work after school and play football too. The team needs me. That’s what Coach Zellman say troy: I don’t care what nobody else say. I’m the boss . . . you understand? I’m the boss around here. I do the only saying what counts. cory: Come on, Pop! Troy comes right up to Cory, in his face. troy: I asked you . . . Did you understand? cory: Yeah
13) 8) text: troy: What cory: Yessir. moy: Yessir. cory (pause): Can I ask you a question? troy: What the hell you wanna ask me? Mr. Stawicki the one you got the questions for. cory: How come you ain’t never liked me? troy: Liked you? Who the hell say I got to like you? What law is there say I got to like you? Wanna stand up in my face and ask a damn fool-ass ques- 51 9780735217867_Fences.indd 51 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 15) dialog: 
13) 17) dialog: 
13) 19) dialog: 
13) 23) text: cory: ‘Cause of you. troy: Aw, hell, I know it’s ‘cause of me . . . but why do you think that is? cory (ugsrvanz): ‘Cause you like me. troy: Like you? I go out of here every morning bust my butt . . . putting up with them crackers every day . . . ’cause I like you? You about the biggest fool I ever saw. It’s my job. It’s my re- sponsibility! You understand that? A man got to take care of his family. You live in my house sleep your behind on my bedclothes . . . fill you belly up with my food . . . ‘cause you my son. Rose is in the kitchen, listening through the screen door. troy: You my flesh and blood. Not ‘cause I like you ‘Cause it’s my duty to take care of you. I owe a responsibility to you! Let’s get this straight right here... before it go along any fur- ther... I ain’t got to like you. Mr. Rand don’t give me my money come payday ‘cause he likes me. He gives me ‘cause he owe me. I done give you everything I had to give you. I gave you your life! Me and your mama worked that out be- tween us. And liking your black ass wasn’t part of the bargain. Don’t you try and go through life worrying about if somebody like you or not. You best be making sure they doing right by you. You understand what I’m saying, boy? cory: Yessir. 53 9780735217867 Fences.indd 53 11/1516 1:50 PM
13) 24) text: mroy: Then get the hell out of my face, and get on down to that A&P. Cory runs up the stairs, yanks open the screen door to discover Rose, standing there. He pushes past her, letting the door slam. She comes out onto the porch. ROSE (COMING DOWN INTO THE YARD): Why don’t you let the b go ahead and play football, Troy? Ain’t no harm in that. He’s just trying to be like you with the sports. moy: I don’t want him to be like me! I want him to move as far away from my life as he can get. You the only decent thing that ever happened to me. I wish him that. But I don’t wish him a thing else from my life. He starts to put away the sawhorses. mror: I decided seventeen years ago that boy wasn’t getting involved in no sports. Not after what they did to me in the sports. RoszE: Troy, why don’t you admit you was too old to play in the major leagues? For once... why don’t you admit that? troy: What do you mean too old? Don’t come telling me I was too old. I just wasn’t the right color. Hell, I’m fifty-three years old and can do better than Selkirk’s .269 right now! RoszE: How’s was you gonna play ball when you were 54 9780735217867 Fences.indd 54 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 2) text: End up getting a stick and chasing him away try- ing to make him come. Rose: I ain’t studying you and your dog. I remember you used to sing that old song. roy (HE siNcs:) Hear it ring! Hear it ring! Had an old dog his name was Blue. RosE: Don’t nobody want to hear you sing that old song. troy (sINGING): You know Blue was mighty true. RosE: Used to have Cory running around here singing that song. Bono: Hell, I remember that song myself. roy (SINGING): You know Blue was a good old dog. Blue treed a possum in a hollow log. That was my daddy’s song. My daddy made up that song. RosE: I don’t care who made it up. Don’t nobody wanna hear you sing it. TROY (MAKES A SONG LIKE CALLING A pos): Come here, woman. Rose: You come in here carrying on, I reckon they 59 9780735217867 Fences.indd 59 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 11) text: caprieL (0.s.): I’m ready for my sandwich, Rose. RoszE: And next week . . . when that recruiter come from that school... I want you to sign that paper and go on and let Cory play football. Then that’1l be the last I have to hear about that. mroy (10 Rosz AS SHE GOES INTO THE KITCHEN): I ain’t thin about Cory nothing. LyoNs: What . . . Cory got recruited? What school he going to? moy: That boy walking around here smelling his piss... thinking he’s grown. Thinking he’s gonna do what he want, irrespective of what I say. Look here, Bono . . . I left the commission- er’s office and went down to the A&P... that boy ain’t working down there. He lying to me. Telling me he got his job back . . . telling me he working weekends . . . telling me he working after school . . . Mr. Stawicki tell me he ain’t working down there at all! Lyons: Cory just growing up. He’s just busting at the seams trying to fill out your shoes. mroy: I don’t care what he’s doing. When he get to the 66 9780735217867 Fences.indd 66 11/1516 1:50 PM
28) 0) text: Bono goes out onto the front porch. Troy follows. They stop when a helmet comes flying in Troy’s direction. Cory standing in the middle of the street, dressed in his football uniform, he 78 9780735217867 Fences.indd 78 11/1516 1:50 PM
28) 1) text: gives Troy a hard, uncompromising look. cory: What you do that for, Pop? Rose comes out. Rose: What’s the matter? Cory . . . what’s the mat- ter? cory: Papa done went up to the school and told Coach Zellman I can’t play football no more. Wouldn’t even let me play the game. Told him to tell the recruiter not to come. Rose: Troy mroy: What you Troying me for. Yeah, I did it. And the boy know why I did it. cory: Why you wanna do that to me? That was the one chance I had. Rose: Ain’t nothing wrong with Cory playing football, Troy. troy: The boy lied to me. I told the nigger if he wanna play football . . . to keep up his chores and hold down that job at the A&P. That was the conditions. Stopped down there to see Mr. St- awicki cory: I can’t work after school during the football season, Pop! I tried to tell you that Mr. Stawic- ki’s holding my job for me. You don’t never want to listen to nobody. And then you wanna go and do this to me! 719 9780735217867 Fences.indd 79 11/1516 1:50 PM
28) 2) text: troy: I ain’t done nothing to you. You done it to yourself Gabriel is standing across the street. He lifts the trumpet to his lips and tries to blow. No sound comes out. cory: Just ‘cause you didn’t have a chance! You just scared I’m gonna be better than you, that’s all. Troy comes down onto the street. Cory backs away a little. troy: Come here. Cory reluctantly goes over to Troy. ROSE (COMING DOWN THE sTEPs): Troy mroy: All right! See. You done made a mistake. cory: I didn’t even do nothing! mroy: I’m gonna tell you what your mistake was. The football helmet is on the street next to Troy. He kicks it with his foot and sends it tumbling down the hill. mor: See . . . you swung at the ball and didn’t hit it. That’s strike one. See, you in the batter’s box now. You swung and you missed. That’s strike one. Troy closes the distance, his face leering, terrifying. Cory tries not to flinch. Troy hisses in Cory’s ear: troy: Don’t you strike out! 80 9780735217867 Fences.indd 80 11/1516 1:50 PM
29) 3) text: ever heard of gonna pull their own teeth with a pair of rusty pliers. Bono: The old folks . . . my granddaddy used to pull his teeth with pliers. They ain’t had no dentists for the colored folks back then. troy: Get clean pliers! You understand? Clean pliers! Sterilize them! Besides we ain’t living back then. All Magee had to do was walk over to Doc Goldblum’ s. They start to work... or not. Bono: I see where you and that Tallahassee gal that Alberta . . . I see where you all done got tight. troy: What you mean “got tight”? Bono: I see where you be laughing and joking with her all the time. troy: I laughs and jokes with all of them, Bono. You know me. Bovo: That ain’t the kind of laughing and joking I’m talking about. Cory comes out from the house. cory: How you doing, Mr. Bono? troy: Get that saw from Bono and cut some wood. He talking about the wood’s too hard to cut. (to Bono) 83 9780735217867 Fences.indd 83 11/1516 1:50 PM
29) 4) text: Stand back there, Jim, and let that young boy show you how it’s done. Bono: He’s sure welcome to it. Cory goes to Bono, who hands him the saw. Cory saws fast finishing in seconds, puts the next board in place and saws. Bono: Whew-e-e! Look at that. Big old strong boy. Look like Joe Louis. Hell, must be getting old the way I'm watching that boy whip through that wood. cory: I don’t see why Mama want a fence around the yard noways. mroy: Damn if I know either. What the hell she keeping out with it? She ain’t got nothing nobody want. Bono: Some people build fences to keep people out and other people build fences to keep people in. Rose wants to hold on to you all. She loves you. moy: Hell, nigger, I don’t need nobody to tell me my wife loves me. Cory . . . go on in and see if you can find that other saw. cory: Where’s it at? troy: I said find it! Look for it till you find it! Cory goes into the house. Troy turns to Bono troy: What’s that supposed to mean? Wanna keep us in? BONO (BONO LEADS TROY OUT OF EARSHOT): Troy . . . I done 84 9780735217867 Fences.indd 84 11/1516 1:50 PM
30) 0) text: Cory sits on a crate, doing curls with barbells made from cans, cement and a pipe, an old saw in the dirt at his feet. Above him, Bono’s footsteps and the kitchen door open and shut.
33) 0) text: Muffled sounds . . . Cory not sure what he is hearing.
36) 0) text: mroy: If you going down . . . you going down swing- ing. Everything lined up against you. What you gonna do. I fooled them, Rose. I bunted. When I found you and Cory and a halfway decent job I was safe. Couldn’t nothing touch me. I wasn’t gonna strike out no more. I wasn’t going back to the penitentiary. I wasn’t gonna lay in the streets with a bottle of wine. I was safe. I had me a family. A job. I wasn’t gonna get that last strike. I was on first looking for one of them boys to knock me in. To get me home. RosE: You should have stayed in my bed, Troy. 95 9780735217867 Fences.indd 95 11/1516 1:50 PM
37) 0) text: Cory moves toward the basement window, trying to hear his mother and father.
40) 8) dialog: 
40) 12) text: him on the chest and knocks him down. Troy is stunned, as is Cory. Rose: Troy. Troy. No! Troy gets to his feet and starts at Cory. Rose: Troy . . . no. Please! Troy! Rose pulls on Troy to hold him back. Troy stops himself. troy (70 cory): All right. That’s strike two. You stay away from around me, boy. Don’t you strike out. You living with a full count. DON’T YOU STRIKE out!
41) 1) text: Cory works out feverishly. 99 9780735217867 Fences.indd 99 11/1516 1:50 PM
48) 5) text: Rose: I saw it right there on the papers. roy: What it say, huh? RoszE: It said you told them to take him. mroy: Then they screwed that up, just the way they screw up everything. I ain’t worried about what they got on the paper. Rosz: Say the government send part of his check to the hospital and the other part to you. troy: I ain’t got nothing to do with that if that’s the way it works. I ain’t made up the rules about how it work. Rose: You did Gabe just like you did Cory. You wouldn’t sign the paper for Cory . . . but you signed for Gabe. You signed that paper. mroy: I told you I ain’t signed nothing, woman! The only thing I signed was the release form. Hell, I can’t read, I don’t know what they had on that paper! I ain’t signed nothing about sending Gabe away. A few men from the garage are watching across the street. RoszE: I said send him to the hospital . . . you said let him be free... now you done went down there and signed him to the hospital for half his money. You went back on yourself, Troy. You gonna have to answer for that. moy: See now . . . you been over there talking to 104 9780735217867 Fences.indd 104 11/1516 1:50 PM
49) 6) text: other side. See? You stay over there until you're ready for me. Lights start to come on and windows are being opened in the neighbors’ houses. troy: Then you come on. Bring your army. Bring your sickle. Bring your wrestling clothes. I ain’t gonna fall down on my vigilance this time. You ain’t gonna sneak up on me no more. A few people call: “Shut up!” “Are you crazy?” “Stop making a racket!” etc. troy: When you ready for me . . . when the top of your list say Troy Maxson . . . You come up and knock on the front door. Ain’t nobody else got nothing to do with this. We see the closed door behind Troy. Then we’re on the other side of the door, on the landing. Rose is leaning hard against the door, hand on the knob, wanting to go in but knowing she mustn’t. Troy’s voice is loud even through the door. mroy (0.8.): This is between you and me. Cory comes out of his room. He walks to his mother as Troy shouts: mroy (o.s.): Man to man. You stay on the other side of that fence until you ready for me. 109 9780735217867 Fences.indd 109 11/1516 1:50 PM
49) 7) text: cory (sormiy, scarep): Mama, what’ s— Rose turns to Cory, shakes her head- “don’t talk” and tries to push him back toward his room. He won’t go. Rose holds on to him, and they listen, not moving. mroy (0.s.): Then you come up and—
50) 0) text: We’re looking up at Troy, leaning out the window, shouting: troy: —and you knock on the front door! Anytime you want! (waiting for a response) I'll be ready for you! Troy waits again; no response. He draws himself back into the room, closes the window. He opens the bedroom door. Rose and Cory are there. No one knows what to say. Troy passes his wife and son. They hear him descending the stairs, then the front door opens and slams shut. 110 9780735217867 Fences.indd 110 11/1516 1:50 PM
55) 0) text: Troy comes in through the side yard to the sound of a bat hitting a baseball. Cory, in his A&P uniform, fake bow-tie dangling from his open collar, is hitting the ball. The moment Cory sees Troy, he stops. Troy looks ready to say something. Cory tosses the bat away, carelessly. Making a show of it he buttons his collar, clips the tie into place, and walks out the right side alley, all without giving his father a glance. Troy goes to the bat, picks it up and puts it into its proper place against the tree. He turns and heads into the house.
58) 0) text: Cory approaches the house. He stops when he hears his father singing. 120 9780735217867 Fences.indd 120 11/1516 1:50 PM
58) 1) text: cory:
58) 6) text: cory: I live here too! moy: You just gonna walk over top of me in my own house? Troy stands, advancing on Cory, who backs away, then stops. cory: I ain’t scared of you. troy: I ain’t asked if you was scared of me. I asked you if you was fixing to walk over top of me in my own house? That’s the question. You ain’t gonna say excuse me? You just gonna walk over top of me? cory: If you wanna put it like that. troy: How else am I gonna put it? cory: I was walking by you to go into the house ‘cause you sitting on the steps drunk, singing to your- self. You can put it like that. rox: Without saying excuse me??? Cory doesn’t respond. troy: I asked you a question. Without saying excuse me??? cory: I ain’t got to say excuse me to you. You don’t count around here no more. mroy: Oh, I see . . . I don’t count around here no more. You ain’t got to say excuse me to your daddy. All of a sudden you done got so grown that your daddy don’t count around here no more Around here in his own house and yard that he done 122 9780735217867 Fences.indd 122 11/1516 1:50 PM
58) 7) text: paid for with the sweat of his brow. You done got so grown to where you gonna take over. You gonna take over my house. Is that right? You gonna wear my pants. You gonna go in there and stretch out on my bed. You ain’t got to say excuse me ‘cause I don’t count around here no more. Is that right? cory (HE’sS HAD ENOUGH): That’s right. You always talking this dumb stuff. Now, why don’t you just get out my way. troy: I guess you got someplace to sleep and something to put in your belly. You got that, huh? You got that? That’s what you need. You got that, huh? cory: You don’t know what I got. You ain’t got to worry about what I got. troy: You right! You one hundred percent right! I done spent the last seventeen years worrying about what you got. Now it’s your turn, see? I'll tell you what to do. You grown . . . we done estab- lished that. You a man. Now, let’s see you act like one. Turn your behind around and walk out this yard. And when you get out there in the al- ley . . . you can forget about this house. See? "Cause this is my house. You go on and be a man and get your own house. You can forget about this. ’Cause this is mine. You go on and get yours "cause I’m through with doing for you. cory: You talking about what you did for me what'd you ever give me? troy: Them feet and bones! That pumping heart, nigger! 123 9780735217867 Fences.indd 123 11/1516 1:50 PM
58) 8) text: I give you more than anybody else is ever gonna give you. cory: You ain’t never gave me nothing! You ain’t never done nothing but hold me back. Afraid I was gonna be better than you. All you ever did was try and make me scared of you. I used to tremble every time you called my name. Every time I heard your foot- steps in the house. Wondering all the time what’s Papa gonna say if I do this? . . . What's he gonna say if I do that? . . . What’s Papa gonna say if I turn on the radio? And Mama, too she tries . . . but she’s scared of you. moy: You leave your mama out of this. She ain’t got nothing to do with this. cory: I don’t know how she stand you. . . after what you did to her. toy: I told you to leave your mama out of this! Troy advances toward Cory. cory: What you gonna do . . . give me a whupping? You can’t whup me no more. You're too old. You just an old man. Troy grabs Cory’s shirt and pulls Cory to him. mror: Nigger! That’s what you are! You just another nigger on the street to me! Troy throws Cory backward in the dirt. cory: You crazy! You know that? 124 9780735217867 Fences.indd 124 11/1516 1:50 PM
58) 9) text: troy: Go on now! You got the devil in you. Get on away from me! cory: You just a crazy old man. . . talking about I got the devil in me. Troy advances on Cory. troy: Yeah, I’m crazy! If you don’t get on the other side of that yard... I’m gonna show you how crazy I am! Goon. . . get the hell out of my yard. cory: It ain’t your yard. You took Uncle Gabe’s money he got from the Army to buy this house and then you put him out. troy: Get your black ass out of my yard! Troy’s advance backs Cory up against the tree. Cory grabs up the bat. cory: I ain’t going nowhere! Come on . . . put me out! I ain’t scared of you. troy: That’s my bat! cory: Come on! Troy walks toward Cory. troy: Put my bat down! cory: Come on, put me out! Cory swings at Troy, who backs across the yard. cory: What’s the matter? You so bad . . . Put me out! Troy advances toward Cory. 125 9780735217867 Fences.indd 125 11/1516 1:50 PM
58) 10) text: cory (BACKING uP): Come on! Come on! You're gonna have to use it! You wanna draw that
58) 13) text: himself up, walks slowly out of the yard and up the alley. cory: Tell Mama I’1l be back for my things. TROY (CALLING AFTER HIM): They’1l be on the other side of that fence! Troy starts toward the tree with the bat, staggering, sick exhausted, his mouth horribly dry. He tries to moisten it with this tongue: no use. troy: I can’t taste nothing. Hallelujah! I can’t taste nothing no more. He assumes a batting posture and begins to taunt Death, the fastball in the outside corner. troy: Come on! It’s between you and me now! A static-y growl starts, building into a roar. Troy taunts the pitcher as the light gives way to complete darkness: troy: Come on! Anytime you want! Come on! I be ready for you . . . but I ain’t gonna be easy.
60) 2) text: She runs to Cory, and they embrace. Bono and Lyons come in from the kitchen. Raynell watches from midway on the stairs. Bono: Aw, looka here Rose steps back, looking at him, wiping tears away. RosE: Done got all grown up! cory: Don’t cry, Mama. What you crying about? RosE: I’m just so glad you made it. cory: Hey, Lyons. How you doing, Mr. Bono. tyons: Look at you, man. Look at you. Don’t he look good, Rose. Got them corporal stripes. Ros: What took you so long? cory: You know how the Marines are, Mama. They got to get all their paperwork straight before they let you do anything. Rose: Well, I’m sure glad you made it. They let Lyons come. Your Uncle Gabe’s still in the hospital. They don’t know if they gonna let him out or not. I just talked to them a little while ago. Lyons: A corporal in the United States Marines. BoNo: Your daddy knew you had it in you. He used to tell me all the time. Lyons: Don’t he look good, Mr. Bono? 130 9780735217867 Fences.indd 130 11/1516 1:50 PM
60) 3) text: Bono: Yeah, he remind me of Troy when I first met him. (pause) Say, Rose, Lucille’s down at the church with the choir. I’m gonna go down and get the pallbear- ers lined up. I'll be back to get you all. RosE: Thanks, Jim. cory: See you, Mr. Bono. Bono goes out the front door. No one speaks. Then Lyons points to Raynell on the stairs. Lyons: Cory, look at Raynell. Ain’t she precious? She gonna break a whole lot of hearts. Raynell hides behind the banisters. Rose: Raynell, come and say hello to your brother. This is your brother, Cory. You remember Cory. RAYNELL: No, ma’am. cory: She don’t remember me, Mama. ROSE: Well, we talk about you. She heard us talk about you. This is your brother, Cory. (to Raynell) Come on and say hello. RAYNELL: Hi. cory: Hi. So you're Raynell. Mama told me a lot about you. 131 9780735217867_Fences.indd 131 11/1516 1:50 PM
60) 4) text: ROSE (STARTING FOR THE KITCHEN): You all c’mon and let me fix you some breakfast. Keep up your strength. cory: I ain’t hungry, Mama. Lyons: You can fix me something, Rose. I’1l be there in a minute. RosE (To cory): Cory, You sure you don’t want nothing. I know they ain’t feeding you right. cory: No, Mama . . . thanks. I don’t feel like eat- ing. I’1l get something later. ROSE: Raynell . . . get on upstairs and get that dress on like I told you. Raynell scrambles upstairs as Rose goes into the kitchen. Lyons (Pausz): I always knew you was gonna make some- thing out yourself. Your head was always in the right direction. So . . . you gonna stay in make it a career . . . put in your twenty years? cory: I don’t know. I got six already, I think that’s enough. Lyons: Stick with Uncle Sam and retire early. Ain’t noth- ing out here. I guess Rose told you what happened with me. They got me down the workhouse. I thought I was being slick cashing other people’s checks. cory: How much time you doing? yons: They give me three years. I got that beat now. I ain’t got but nine more months. It ain’t so bad. 132 9780735217867 Fences.indd 132 11/1516 1:50 PM
60) 5) text: You learn to deal with it like anything else. You got to take the crookeds with the straights. That's what Papa used to say. He used to say that when he struck out. I seen him strike out three times in a row. . . and the next time up he hit the ball over the grandstand. Right out there in Homestead Field. He wasn’t satisfied hitting in the seats . . . he wanted to hit it over every- thing! After the game he had two hundred people standing around waiting to shake his hand. You got to take the crookeds with the straights. Yeah, Papa was something else. cory: You still playing? Lyons: Cory . . . you know I’m gonna do that. There’s some fellows down there we got us a band. . . we gonna try and stay together when we get out but yeah, I’m still playing. Rose calls from the kitchen: Rosz: Lyons, I got these eggs in the pan. iyons: Let me go on and get these eggs, man. Get ready to go bury Papa. (a beat, then) How you doing? You doing all right? Cory nods. Lyons touches him on the shoulder and they share a moment of silent grief. Lyons goes into the kitchen. Cory looks up to the top of the stairs and sees Raynell, in her 133 9780735217867 Fences.indd 133 11/1516 1:50 PM
60) 6) text: dress, studying him with excited curiosity. RAYNELL: Hi. cory: Hi. She comes down a couple of steps, curious. RAYNELL: Did you used to sleep in my room? cory: Yeah . . . that used to be my room. RAYNELL: That’s what Papa call it. “Cory’s room.” It got your football in the closet. Rose calling from the kitchen ROSE: Raynell, get in there and get them good shoes on! RAYNELL: Mama, can’t I wear these? Them other one hurt my feet. Rose: Well, they just gonna have to hurt your feet for a while. You ain’t said they hurt your feet when you went down to the store and got them. RAYNELL: They didn’t hurt then. My feet done got big- ger. RosE: Don’t you give me no back talk now. You get in there and get them shoes on. Raynell looks at her brand-new brother . . . reluctantly, she obeys her mother. Cory makes his way to the 134 9780735217867 Fences.indd 134 11/1516 1:50 PM
61) 0) text: Cory enters the kitchen. He looks at the photos on the wall noticing that JFK and Martin Luther King have been added next to the photo of Jesus. He looks at his mother, then heads out into the yard.
62) 0) text: Cory comes down the steps into the yard, taking it all in. He sees Troy’s bat leaning against the tree. He walks toward it as he hears ROSE (AS SHE COMES DOWN BACK STEPS): Ain’t too much chang He still got that piece of rag tied to that tree. He was out here swinging that bat. I was just ready to go back in the house. He swung that bat and then he just fell over. Seem like he swung it and stood there with this grin on his face . . . and then he just fell over. They car- ried him on down to the hospital but I knew there wasn’t no need . . . why don’t you come on in the house. cory: Mama . . . I got something to tell you. I don’t 135 9780735217867 Fences.indd 135 11/1516 1:50 PM
62) 1) text: know how to tell you this . . . but I’ve got to tell you . . . I’m not going to Papa’s funeral. RoszE: Boy, hush your mouth. That’s your daddy you talking about. I don’t want hear that kind of talk this morning. I done raised you to come to this? You standing there all healthy and grown talking about you ain’t going to your daddy’s funeral? cory: Mama . . . listen Rose: I don’t want to hear it, Cory. You just get that thought out of your head. cory: I’ve got to say no to him. One time in my life I’ve got to say no. RoszE: Don’t nobody have to listen to nothing like that. I know you and your daddy ain’t seen eye to eye, but I ain’t gotta listen to that kind of talk this morning. Disrespecting your daddy ain't gonna make you a man, Cory. You got to find a way to come to that on your own. Not going to your daddy’s funeral ain’t gonna make you a man. Cory looks around, trying to find what to say. Then: cory: The whole time I was growing up . . . living in his house . . . Papa was like a shadow that fol- lowed you everywhere. It weighed on you and sunk into your flesh. It would wrap around you and lay there until you couldn’t tell which one was you anymore. That shadow digging in your flesh. Trying to crawl in. Trying to live through you. I’m just 136 9780735217867 Fences.indd 136 11/1516 1:50 PM
62) 2) text: saying I’ve got to find a way to get rid of that shadow, Mama. ROSE: You just like him. You got him in you good. cory: Don’t tell me that, Mama. ROSE: You Troy Maxson all over again. cory: I don’t want to be Troy Maxson. I want to be me. Rose: You can’t be nobody but who you are, Cory. That shadow wasn’t nothing but you growing into your- self. You either got to grow into it or cut it down to fit you. But that’s all you got to make life with. That’s all you got to measure yourself against that world out there. Your daddy wanted you to be everything he wasn’t . . . and at the same time he tried to make you into everything he was. I don’t know if he was right or wrong but I do know he meant to do more good than he meant to do harm. She stops, overwhelmed. Cory puts his hand on her hand. She takes his hand, squeezes it, turns it over, holding on. ROSE: Sometimes when he touched he bruised. And some- times when he took me in his arms he cut. (beat) When I first met your daddy I thought, “Here is aman I can lay down with and make a baby.” That’s the first thing I thought when I seen him “Rose Lee, here is a man that you can open your- 137 9780735217867 Fences.indd 137 11/1516 1:50 PM
62) 4) text: Rose goes into the house. RAYNELL: Hi. cory: Hi. RAYNELL: You in the Army or the Marines? cory: Marines. RAYNELL: Papa said it was the Army. Did you know Blue? cory: Blue? Who’s Blue? RAYNELL: Papa’s dog what he sing about all the time. cory (SINGING): Hear it ring! Hear it ring! I had a dog his name was Blue You know Blue was mighty true You know Blue was a good old dog Blue treed a possum in a hollow log You know from that he was a good old dog. Hear it ring! Raynell, embarrassed, delighted, joins in. CORY AND RAYNELL? Blue treed a possum out on a limb Blue looked at me and I looked at him Grabbed that possum and put him in a sack Blue stayed there till I came back Old Blue’s feets was big and round Never allowed a possum to touch the ground. Old Blue died and I dug his grave I dug his grave with a silver spade Let him down with a golden chain 139 9780735217867 Fences.indd 139 11/1516 1:50 PM
62) 5) text: And every night I call his name Go on Blue, you good dog you Go on Blue, you good dog you RAYNELL: Blue laid down and died like a man Blue laid down and died cory (stRuceLins): Blue laid down and died like a man Now he’s treeing possums in the Promised Land. CORY AND RAYNELL: I’m gonna tell you this to let you know Blue’s gone where the good dogs go. Rose comes to the door. Rose: Cory, we gonna be ready to go in a minute.
62) 6) text: cory (T0 RAYNELL): You go on in the house and change them shoes like Mama told you so we can go to Pa- pa’s funeral. RAYNELL: Okay, I’1l be back. Raynell hurries into the house. Cory gets up, crosses over to the tree. Rose stands at the screen door watching him. She takes a look at the threat- ening sky, about to return to the house, when she sees Gabriel. He’s older but healthier, more vi- tal, in a new suit and a hat. One arm is behind his back. Rose is speechless with surprise. GABRIEL: Hey, Rose! ROSE: Gabe? GaBRIEL: I’m here, Rose. Hey Rose, I’m here. 140 9780735217867 Fences.indd 140 11/1516 1:50 PM
62) 7) text: Rose: Lord (calling back to the house) Look here, Lyons! Lyons, then Bono come out from the house. Lyons: See, I told you, Rose . . . I told you they’d let him come. cory: How you doing, Uncle Gabe? Lyons: How you doing, Uncle Gabe? Gabriel looks at each of them, then back to Rose. He takes his hand from behind him and holds his trumpet aloft. GABRIEL: Hey, Rose. It’s time. It’s time to tell Saint Peter to open the Gates. Not knowing what she’s agreeing to, Rose nods. GABRIEL: Troy, you ready? Gabriel waits for an answer. Raynell comes out on the porch and hides behind Rose, shy. Gabe smiles at her, and she returns his smile. GABRIEL: You ready, Troy. I’m gonna tell Saint Peter to open the Gates. You get ready now. Gabriel puts the trumpet to his lips, two decades of waiting for this moment 141 9780735217867_Fences.indd 141 11/1516 1:50 PM
63) 0) text: Bono leaves the house first, followed by Cory and Lyons. Twenty black cars wait at the curb, a flower car behind them, and then the hearse. Neighbors have begun gathering on both sides of the street. Bono goes to the first car as Lyons gets into the second. Cory waits outside by the open car door. Raynell comes out of the house, leading Gabe; Bono motions for her to come to the first car, and she does. He opens the rear door for them, and Raynell and Gabe get in. Rose comes out of the house, Bono watches. She walks up to Cory, grabs 143 9780735217867 Fences.indd 143 11/1516 1:50 PM
63) 1) text: him and holds him tight. She gets in the car and Cory climbs in after her. Bono gives the roof of the car a loud slap, then climbs in and shuts the door. The first car pulls out; the others follow. People line the street. Men take off their hats as the funeral cortege goes down the hill. Beyond the Hill, the towers of Pittsburgh rising. 144 9780735217867 Fences.indd 144 11/1516 1:50 PM