2) 0) text: Lyons, 34, enters from the street, guitar case in hand. He is troy’s son from a previous marriage. Although he fancies himself a musician, he is more caught up in the rituals and “idea” of 17 9780735217867 Fences.indd 17 11/1516 1:50 PM
3) 0) text: Bono: Well, look here, since you got to keep up your vigilance . . . let me have the bottle. mroy: Aw hell, I shouldn’t have told you that part. I should have left out that part. RoszE: Troy be talking that stuff and half the time don’t even know what he be talking about. troy: Bono know me better than that. pono: That’s right. I know you. I know you got some Uncle Remus in your blood. You got more stories than the devil got sinners. troy: Aw hell, I done seen him too! Done talked with the devil. RoszE: Troy, don’t nobody want to be hearing all that stuff. Lyons comes out on the porch. 18 9780735217867 Fences.indd 18 11/1516 1:50 PM
3) 1) text: iyons: Hey, Pop. troy: What you come “Hey, Popping” me for? iyons: How you doing, Rose? He kisses her. iyons: Mr. Bono. How you doing? Bono: Hey, Lyons . . . how you been? troy: He must have been doing all right. I ain’t seen him around here last week. RosE: Troy, leave your boy alone. He come by to see you and you wanna start all that nonsense. troy: I ain’t bothering Lyons. Troy offers Lyons the bottle. troy: Here . . . get you a drink. We got an under- standing. I know why he come by to see me and he know I know. zyons: Come on, Pop... I just stopped by to say hi. . . see how you was doing. troy: You ain’t stopped by yesterday. RosE: You gonna stay for supper, Lyons? I got some chicken cooking in the oven. As she heads toward the house, Rose picks up Troy’s apron and gloves from the back porch, carrying them inside. iyons: No, Rose . . . thanks. I was just in the neigh- borhood and thought I’d stop by for a minute. 19 9780735217867 Fences.indd 19 11/1516 1:50 PM
3) 2) text: moy: You was in the neighborhood all right, nigger. You telling the truth there. You was in the neigh- borhood ‘cause it’s my payday. Lyons: Well, hell, since you mentioned it . . . let me have ten dollars. mroy: I’1l be damned! I’1l die and go to hell and play blackjack with the devil before I give you ten dollars.
4) 0) text: Troy heads into the house, making his way up front to the sitting room. Lyons pursues, Bono follows. Troy sits on the sofa, watching Rose set the table. pono: That’s what I want to know about... that devil you done seen. Lyons: Pop done seen the devil? You too much Pops. mroy: Yeah, I done seen him. Talked to him too! RoszE: You ain’t seen no devil. I done told you that man ain’t had nothing to do with the devil. Any- thing you can’t understand, you want to call it the devil. troy: Look here, Bono . . . I went down to see Hertz- berger about some furniture. Got three rooms for two- ninety-eight. That what it say on the radio. “Three rooms . . . two- ninety-eight.” Even made 20 9780735217867 Fences.indd 20 11/1516 1:50 PM
4) 2) text: readying the food with a perfectionist’s care: mroy: I ain’t never seen that man since. Now you tell me who else that could have been but the devil? I ain’t sold my soul or nothing like that, you un- derstand. Naw, I wouldn’t have truck with the devil about nothing like that. Rose brings a plate of cornbread to the dining table. Lyons has his guitar out, tuning it. moy: I got my furniture and pays my ten dollars the first of the month just like clockwork. BoNo: How long you say you been paying this ten dol- lars a month? moy: Fifteen years! Bono: Hell, ain’t you finished paying for it yet? How much the man done charged you? troy: Aw hell, I done paid for it. I done paid for it ten times over! The fact is I’m scared to stop paying it. roszE: Troy lying. We got that furniture from Mr. Glickman. He ain’t paying no ten dollars a month to nobody. troy: Aw hell, woman. Bono know I ain’t that big a fool. yons: I was just getting ready to say . . . I know where there’s a bridge for sale. 22 9780735217867 Fences.indd 22 11/1516 1:50 PM
4) 3) text: troy: Look here, I’1l tell you this . . . it don’t mat- ter to me if he was the devil. It don’t matter if the devil give credit. Somebody has got to give it. RosE: It ought to matter. You going around talking about having truck with the devil . . . God’s the one you gonna have to answer to. He’s the one gonna be at the Judgment. Rose heads back into the kitchen. Lyons: Yeah, well, look here, Pop... let me have that ten dollars. I'll give it back to you. Bon- nie got a job working at the hospital. mroy: What I tell you, Bono? The only time I see this nigger is when he wants something. That’s the only time I see him. iyons: Come on, Pop, Mr. Bono don’t want to hear all that. Let me have the ten dollars. I told you Bonnie working. troy: What that mean to me? “Bonnie working.” I don’t care if she working. Go ask her for the ten dol- lars if she working. Talking about “Bonnie work- ing.” Why ain't you working? iyons: Aw, Pop, you know I can’t find no decent job. Where am I gonna get a job at? You know I can’t get no job. troy: I told you I know some people down there. I can get you on the rubbish if you want to work. I told you that the last time you came by here asking me for something. 23 9780735217867 Fences.indd 23 11/1516 1:50 PM
4) 4) text: tyons: Naw, Pop. . . thanks. That ain’t for me. I don’t wanna be carrying nobody’s rubbish. I don’t want to be punching nobody’s time clock mroy: What’s the matter, you too good to carry peo- ple’s rubbish? Where you think that ten dollars you talking about come from? I’m just supposed to haul people’s rubbish and give my money to you "cause you too lazy to work. You too lazy to work and wanna know why you ain’t got what I got. roszE: What hospital Bonnie working at? Mercy? Lyons: She’s down at Passavant working in the laundry. moy: I ain’t got nothing as it is. I give you that ten dollars and I got to eat beans the rest of the week. Naw . . . you ain’t getting no ten dollars here. Lyons: You ain’t got to be eating no beans. I don’t know why you wanna say that. moy: I ain’t got no extra money. Gabe done moved over to Miss Pearl’s, paying her the rent, and things done got tight around here. I can’t afford to be giving you every payday. Lyons: I ain’t asked you to give me nothing. I asked you to loan me ten dollars. I know you got ten dollars. roy (arrackinc) :Yeah, I got it. You know why I got it? ‘Cause I don’t throw my money away out there in the streets. You living the fast life . . . wanna be a musician . . . running around in them clubs and things . . . then, you learn to take care of 24 9780735217867 Fences.indd 24 11/1516 1:50 PM
4) 5) text: yourself. You ain’t gonna find me going and asking nobody for nothing. I done spent too many years without. Lyons: You and me is two different people, Pop. troy: I done learned my mistake and learned to do what’s right by it. You still trying to get some- thing for nothing. Life don’t owe you nothing. You owe it to yourself. Ask Bono. He’1ll tell you I’m right. iyons: You got your way of dealing with the world I got mine. The only thing that matters to me is the music. troy: Yeah, I can see that! It don’t matter how you gonna eat . . . where your next dollar is coming from. You telling the truth there. iyons (anNoveD): I know I got to eat. But I got to live too. I need something that gonna help me to get out of the bed in the morning. Make me feel like I belong in the world. I don’t bother nobody. I just stay with my music ‘cause that’s the only way I can find to live in the world. Otherwise there ain’t no telling what I might do. Now I don’t come criticizing you and how you live. I just come by to ask you for ten dollars... I don’t wanna hear all that about how I live! troy: Boy, your mama did a hell of a job raising you. iyons: You can’t change me, Pop. I’m thirty-four years old. If you wanted to change me, you should have 25 9780735217867 Fences.indd 25 11/1516 1:50 PM
4) 6) text: been there when I was growing up. I come by to see you... ask for ten dollars and you want to talk about how I was raised. You don’t know noth- ing about how I was raised. RoszE: Let the boy have ten dollars, Troy. troy (70 Lyons): What the hell you looking at me for? I ain’t got no ten dollars. You know what I do with my money. (to Rose) Give him ten dollars if you want him to have it. Rose: I will. Just as soon as you turn it loose. mRoy (REACHING IN HIS Pocker): There it is. Seventy-six dollars and forty-two cents. You see this, Bono? Now, I ain’t gonna get but six of that back. ROSE: You ought to stop telling that lie. Here, Lyons. She hands him the money. LYONS (PACKING UP HIS GurTAR): Thanks, Rose. Look . . . I got to run. . . I'll see you later. mroy: Wait a minute. You gonna say, “thanks, Rose,” and ain’t gonna look to see where she got that ten dollars from? See how they do me, Bono?
4) 7) dialog: 
4) 8) text: I know she got it from you, Pop. Thanks. I’11 give it back to you. troy: There he go telling another lie. Time I see that ten dollars . . . he’1l be owing me thirty more. Lyons: See you, Mr. Bono. 26 9780735217867 Fences.indd 26 11/1516 1:50 PM
4) 9) text: ono: Take care, Lyons! uyons: Thanks, Pop. I'll see you again. Lyons is out the door. troy: I don’t know why he don’t go and get him a de- cent job and take care of that woman he got. oso: He’1l be all right, Troy. The boy is still young. troy: The boy is thirty-four years old. Rose: Let’s not get off into all that. Bono: Look here . . . I got to be going. I got to be getting on. Lucille gonna be waiting. Troy goes to Rose, puts his arm around her. troy: See this woman, Bono? I love this woman. I love this woman so much it hurts. I love her so much . . . I done run out of ways of loving her. So I got to go back to basics. Don’t you come by my house Monday morning talking about time to go to work . . . ‘cause I’m still gonna be stroking! Rose: Troy! Stop it now! pono: I ain’t paying him no mind, Rose. That ain’t nothing but gin-talk. Go on, Troy. I’1l see you Monday. Bono goes through the door. As he does, Troy calls to him: troy: Don’t you come by my house, nigger! 27 9780735217867 Fences.indd 27 11/1516 1:50 PM
7) 0) text: Troy comes out of the house feeling like Superman. Rose is at the foot of the porch steps, cranking laundry through a mangle atop a bucket. Rose: Morning. You ready for breakfast? I can fix it as soon I finish hanging up these clothes. troy: I got the coffee on. That’ll be all right. I’1l just drink some of that this morning. ROSE (CRANKING THE MANGLE): That 651 hit yesterday. That’ the second time this month. Miss Pearl hit for a dollar . . . seem like those that need the least always get lucky. Poor folks can’t get nothing. mroy: Them numbers don’t know nobody. I don’t know why you fool with them. You and Lyons both. Rose: It’s something to do. moy: You ain’t doing nothing but throwing your money away. Rose stops wringing out the clothes and takes him on. Rose: Troy, you know I don’t play foolishly. I just play a nickel here and a nickel there. moy: That’s two nickels you done thrown away. ROSE: Now I hit sometimes . . . that makes up for it. It always come in handy when I do hit. I don’t hear you complaining then. 30 9780735217867 Fences.indd 30 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 3) text: ain’t fired you. What they say down there at the commissioner’s office? TROY (PUTS HIS ARM AROUND ROSE): Look here, Rose... Mr. Rand called me into his office today when I got back from talking to them people down there it come from up top... he called me in and told me they was making me a driver. Rosz: Troy, you kidding! troy: No I ain’t. Ask Bono. Rose: Well, that’s great, Troy. Now you don’t have to hassle them people no more. Lyons comes out from inside. moy: Aw hell . . . I wasn’t looking to see you today. I thought you was in jail. Got it all over the front page of the Courier about them raiding See- fus’ place . . . where you be hanging out with all them thugs.
16) 4) text: Lyons: Hey, Pop... that ain’t got nothing to do with me. I don’t go down there gambling. I go down there to sit in with the band. I ain’t got nothing to do with the gambling part. They got some good music down there. mrox: They got some rogues . . . is what they got. tyons: How you been, Mr. Bono? Hi, Rose. Bono: I see where you playing down at the Crawford Grill tonight. 60 9780735217867 Fences.indd 60 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 5) text: ROSE: How come you ain’t brought Bonnie like I told you. You should have brought Bonnie with you, she ain’t been over in a month of Sundays. Lyons: I was just in the neighborhood . . . thought I'd stop by. troy: Here he come Bono: Your daddy got a promotion on the rubbish. He’s gonna be the first colored driver. Ain’t got to do nothing but sit up there and read the paper like them white fellows. Lyons comes down the steps and joins them. Lyons: Hey, Pop . . . if you knew how to read you'd be all right. Bono: Naw . . . naw. . . you mean if the nigger knew how to drive he’d be all right. Been fighting with them people about driving and ain’t even got a license. Mr. Rand know you ain’t got no driver’s license? troy: Driving ain’t nothing. All you do is point the truck where you want it to go. Driving ain’t nothing. Bono: Do they know you ain’t got no driver’s license? That’s what I’m talking about. I ain’t asked if driving was easy. I asked if Mr. Rand know you ain’t got no driver’s license. mroy: He ain’t got to know. The man ain’t got to know 61 9780735217867_Fences.indd 61 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 6) text: my business. Time he find out, I have two or three driver’s licenses. LYONS (GOING INTO HIS PocKET): Say, look here, Pop troy: I knew it was coming. Didn’t I tell you, Bono? I know what kind of “look here, Pop” that was. The nigger fixing to ask me for some money. It’s Fri- day night. It’s my payday. All them rogues down there on the avenue . . . the ones that ain’t in jail... and Lyons is hopping in his shoes to get down there with them. Lyons takes out a ten dollar bill and holds it out to Troy. Lyons: See, Pop . . . if you’d give somebody else a chance to talk sometime—you’d see that I was fix- ing to pay you back your ten dollars like I told you. Here . . . I told you I’d pay you when Bon- nie got paid. moy: Naw . . . you go ahead and keep that ten dol- lars. Put it in the bank. The next time you feel like you wanna come by here and ask me for some- thing . . . you go on down there and get that. Lyons: Here’s your ten dollars, Pop. I told you I don’t want you to give me nothing. I just wanted to borrow ten dollars. moy: Naw . . . you go on and keep that for the next time you want to ask me. Lyons: Come on, Pop . . . here go your ten dollars. 62 9780735217867 Fences.indd 62 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 7) text: Lyons tries again to hand the money to Troy. RosE: Why don’t you go on and let the boy pay you back, Troy? iyons: Here you go, Rose. If you don’t take it I’m gonna have to hear about it for the next six months. He hands her the money. Rose: You can hand yours over here too, Troy. mroy: You see this Bono, you see how they do me? Bono: Yeah, Lucille do me the same way. Gabriel is heard singing GABRIEL: Better get ready for the judgement! Better get ready for Hey! . . . Hey! There’s Troy’s boy! Lyons: How you doing, Uncle Gabe? GABRIEL: Lyons . . . The King of the Jungle! He surveys the backyard, finding Rose, who’s come to greet him. caBRIEL: Rose . . . hey, Rose. Got a flower for you. Gabe rummages in his basket till he finds a torn-off branch of a rose vine. He hands it to Rose. GABRIEL: Picked it myself. That’s the same rose like you is! 63 9780735217867 Fences.indd 63 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 8) text: RoszE: That’s right nice of you, Gabe. Lyons: What you been doing, Uncle Gabe? GABRIEL: Oh, I been chasing hellhounds and waiting on the time to tell Saint Peter to open the Gates. Lyons: You been chasing hellhounds, huh? Well you doing the right thing, Uncle Gabe. Somebody got to chase them. GABRIEL: Oh, yeah . . . I know it. The devil’s strong. The devil ain’t no pushover. Hellhounds snipping at everybody’s heels. But I got my trumpet wait- ing on the Judgment time. Lyons: Waiting on the Battle of Armageddon, huh? aBRIEL: Ain’t gonna be too much of a battle when God get to waving that Judgment sword. But the peo- ple’s gonna have a hell of a time trying to get into Heaven if them Gates ain’t open. LYONS (PUTTING HIS ARMS AROUND GABRIEL): You hear this, P Uncle Gabe, you all right! GABRIEL (LAUGHING WITH LYoNs): Lyons! King of the Jungle. RosE: You gonna stay for supper, Gabe? Want me to fix you a plate? GABRIEL: I’1l1 just take a sandwich, Rose. Don’t want no plate. Just wanna eat with my hands. I’1l take a sandwich. ROSE: How about you, Lyons? You staying? Got some short ribs cooking. 64 9780735217867 Fences.indd 64 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 9) text: Lyons: Naw, I won’t eat nothing till after we finished playing. (pause) You ought to come down and listen to me play, Pop. troy: I don’t like that Chinese music. All that noise. ROSE: Go on in the house and wash up, Gabe... I’1l fix you a sandwich. GABRIEL (T0 LYONS AS HE GOES INSIDE): Troy’s mad at me. Lyons: What you mad at Uncle Gabe for, Pop. ROSE: He thinks Troy’s mad at him ’cause he moved over to Miss Pearl’s. troy: I ain’t mad at the man. He can live where he want to live at. Lyons: What he move over there for? Miss Pearl don’t like nobody. ROSE: She don’t mind him none. She treats him real nice. She just don’t allow all that singing. troy: She don’t mind that rent he be paying that’s what she don’t mind. Rose: Troy, I ain’t going through that with you no more. He’s over there ’cause he want to have his own place. He can come and go as he please. troy: Hell, he could come and go as he please here. I wasn’t stopping him. I ain’t put no rules on him. 65 9780735217867 Fences.indd 65 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 11) text: caprieL (0.s.): I’m ready for my sandwich, Rose. RoszE: And next week . . . when that recruiter come from that school... I want you to sign that paper and go on and let Cory play football. Then that’1l be the last I have to hear about that. mroy (10 Rosz AS SHE GOES INTO THE KITCHEN): I ain’t thin about Cory nothing. LyoNs: What . . . Cory got recruited? What school he going to? moy: That boy walking around here smelling his piss... thinking he’s grown. Thinking he’s gonna do what he want, irrespective of what I say. Look here, Bono . . . I left the commission- er’s office and went down to the A&P... that boy ain’t working down there. He lying to me. Telling me he got his job back . . . telling me he working weekends . . . telling me he working after school . . . Mr. Stawicki tell me he ain’t working down there at all! Lyons: Cory just growing up. He’s just busting at the seams trying to fill out your shoes. mroy: I don’t care what he’s doing. When he get to the 66 9780735217867 Fences.indd 66 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 12) text: point where he wanna disobey me . . . then it’s time for him to move on. Bono’ll tell you that. I bet he ain’t never disobeyed his daddy without paying the consequences. Troy offers Bono the bottle. Bono takes it. pono: I ain’t never had a chance. My daddy came on through . . . But I ain’t never knew him to see him . . . or what he had on his mind or where he went. Just moving on through. Searching out the New Land. That’s what the old folks used to call it. See a fellow moving around from place to place... woman to woman... called it Searching out the New Land. I can’t say if he ever found it. I come along, didn’t want no kids. Didn’t know if I was gonna be in one place long enough to fix on them right as their daddy. I fig- ured I was going searching too. Bono sips, hands the bottle to Lyons, who takes a big swig. Bono: As it turned out I been hooked up with Lucille near about as long as your daddy been with Rose. Going on sixteen years. troy: Sometimes I wish I hadn’t known my daddy. He ain’t cared nothing about no kids. A kid to him wasn’t nothing. All he wanted was for you to learn how to walk so he could start you to work- ing. When it come time for eating . . . he ate 67 9780735217867 Fences.indd 67 11/1516 1:50 PM
16) 13) text: first. If there was anything left over, that’s what you got. Man would sit down and eat two chickens and give you the wing. Lyons: You ought to stop that, Pop. Everybody feed their kids. No matter how hard times is . . . ev- erybody care about their kids. Make sure they have something to eat. troy: The only thing my daddy cared about was getting them bales of cotton in to Mr. Lubin. That’s the only thing that mattered to him. Sometimes I used to wonder why he was living. Wonder why the devil hadn’t come and got him. “Get them bales of cot- ton in to Mr. Lubin” and find out he owe him money tyons: He should have just went on and left when he saw he couldn’t get nowhere. That’s what I would have done. troy: How he gonna leave with eleven kids? And where he gonna go? He ain’t knew how to do nothing but farm. No, he was trapped and I think he knew it. But I’ll say this for him. . . he felt a respon- sibility toward us. Maybe he ain’t treated us the way I felt he should have . . . but without that responsibility he could have walked off and left us . . . made his own way. Bono: A lot of them did. Back in those days what you talking about... they walk out their front door and just take on down one road or another and keep on walking. 68 9780735217867 Fences.indd 68 11/1516 1:50 PM
26) 1) text: He stops, lost someplace inside his head. troy: The only thing I knew was the time had come for me to leave my daddy’s house. And right there the world suddenly got big. And it was a long time before I could cut it down to where I could handle it. Gabe comes out on the porch. A beat, then: Lyons: What you got there, Uncle Gabe? GABRIEL: Got me a ham sandwich. Rose gave me a ham sandwich. troy: I don’t know what happened to him. I done lost touch with everybody except Gabriel. But I hope he’s dead. I hope he found some peace. yons: That’s a heavy story, Pop. I didn’t know you left home when you was fourteen. The phone rings inside the house. iyons: Fourteen’s kinda young to be out on your own. I don’t know what I would have done. troy: I got up from the creek and walked on down to Mobile. I was through with farming. (stands, goes to a safe place his bat, leaning against the tree) Figured I could do better in the city. So I walked the two hundred miles to Mobile. 73 9780735217867 Fences.indd 73 11/1516 1:50 PM
26) 2) text: tyovs: Wait a minute . .. you ain’t walked no two hundred miles, Pop. Ain’t nobody gonna walk no two hundred miles. You talking about some walking there. Bono: That’s the only way you got anywhere back in them days. tyons: Shhh. Damn if I wouldn’t have hitched a ride with somebody! mroy: Who you gonna hitch it with? They ain’t had no cars and things like they got now. Swinging his bat... troy: We talking about 1918. Rose comes out onto the porch. Rose: What you all out here getting into? roy (ro Rosz): I’m telling Lyons how good he got it. He don’t know nothing about this I’m talking. Rosz: Lyons, that was Bonnie on the phone. She say you supposed to pick her up. Lyons: Yeah, okay, Rose. mroy: I walked on down to Mobile and hitched up with some of them fellows that was heading this way. Got up here and found out . . . not only couldn't you get a job . . . you couldn’t find no place to live. I thought I was in freedom. Shhh. Colored folks living down there on the riverbanks in whatever kind of shelter they could find for them- 74 9780735217867 Fences.indd 74 11/1516 1:50 PM
26) 3) text: selves. Right down there under the Brady Street Bridge. Living in shacks made of sticks and tar paper. Here we go. troy: Messed around there and went from bad to worse. Started stealing. First it was food. Then I fig- ured, hell, if I steal money I can buy me some food. Buy me some shoes too! One thing led to another. Met your mama. I was young and anxious to be a man. Met your mama and had you. What I do that for? Lyons is unsure if his father is joking. troy: Now I got to worry about feeding you and her. Got to steal three times as much. Went out one day looking for somebody to rob... that’s what I was, a robber. I'll tell you the truth. I’m ashamed of it today. But it’s the truth. Went to rob this fellow . . . pulled out my knife and he pulled out a gun. Shot me in the chest. It felt just like somebody had taken a hot branding iron and laid it on me. When he shot me I jumped at him with my knife. They told me I killed him and they put me in the penitentiary and locked me up for fifteen years. That’s where I met Bono. That’s where I learned how to play baseball. Got out that place and your mama had taken you and went on to make a life without me. Lyons listens, completely absorbed. 75 9780735217867 Fences.indd 75 11/1516 1:50 PM
26) 4) text: moy: Fifteen years was a long time for her to wait. But that fifteen years cured me of that robbing stuff. (looking at Rose) Rose’1ll tell you. She asked me when I met her if I had gotten all that foolishness out of my system. And I told her, “Baby, it’s you and base- ball all what count with me.” You hear me, Bono? I meant it too. She say, “Which one comes first?” I told her, “Baby, ain’t no doubt it’s base- ball . . . but you stick and get old with me and we’ll both outlive this baseball.” Am I right, Rose? And it’s true. RoszE: Man, hush your mouth. You ain’t said no such thing. Talking about, “Baby, you know you'll al- ways be number one with me.” That’s what you was talking. troy: You hear that, Bono. That’s why I love her. Bono: Rose’1l keep you straight. You get off the track, she’ll straighten you up. Rose heads to the kitchen. ROSE: Lyons, you better get on up and get Bonnie. She waiting on you. Lyons: Hey, Pop, why don’t you come on down to the Grill and hear me play? troy: I ain’t going down there. I’m too old to be sit- ting around in them clubs. 76 9780735217867 Fences.indd 76 11/1516 1:50 PM
26) 5) text: Bono: You got to be good to play down at the Grill. iyons: Come on, Pop troy: I got to get up in the morning. iyons: You ain’t got to stay long. mroy (stanpinc): Naw, I’m gonna get my supper and go on to bed. Lyons: Well, I gotta go. I’1l see you again. Lyons heads into the house. troy: Don’t you come around my house on my payday.
27) 0) text: Rose is cooking. ROSE: Pick up the phone and let somebody know you com- ing. And bring Bonnie with you. You know I’m al- ways glad to see her. Troy and Bono come into the kitchen. iyons: Yeah, I’1l do that, Rose. You take care now. See you, Pop. See you, Mr. Bono. (calling through the screen door) See you, Uncle Gabe. Gabe calls in from outside: casrre, (0.s.): Lyons! King of the Jungle! Lyons grabs his guitar and leaves. 77 9780735217867 Fences.indd 77 11/1516 1:50 PM
56) 2) text: mroy: I’m coming in and everybody’s going out. Rose: I’m taking this cake down to the church for the bake sale. Lyons was by to see you. He stopped by to pay you your twenty dollars. It’s laying in there on the table. Troy takes his pay from his pocket. moy: Well . . . here go this money. As Rose leaves the kitchen with the baby and the cake: RosE: Put it in there on the table, Troy. I'll get it. His money still in his hand, Troy follows her to the front door, which he opens for her. mrox: What time you coming back? Rose: Ain’t no use in you studying me. It don’t matter what time I come back. troy: I just asked you a question, woman. What’s the matter . . . can’t I ask you a question? Rose: Troy, I don’t want to go into it. She steps out onto the front porch. He starts to follow, but she stops in the doorway. She puts the cake down on one of the porch chairs, turns to him: Rose: Your dinner’s in there on the stove. All you got to do is heat it up. And don’t you be eating the rest of them cakes in there. I’m coming back for 116 9780735217867 Fences.indd 116 11/1516 1:50 PM
56) 3) text: them. We having a bake sale at the church tomor- row. Rose shuts the door firmly. Troy stands there, listening to her going down the steps. He stands alone in the empty house, unsure of what to do. He flaps the money he’s holding. He goes to the dining room table and puts his cash next to Lyons’ twenty. He pockets the twenty and starts for the door. INT. TAYLORS’ BAR—LATE AFTERNOON Troy sits alone at the bar, a generous glass of gin before him. He takes a sip. Someone pulls out the stool next to him and starts to sit. Troy looks. It’s Bono. Bono: Hey, Troy. troy: Hey, what’s happening, Bono? Bono: I just thought I’d stop by to see you. Wasn’t no one at the house, so I figured - troy: What you stop by and see me for? You ain’t stopped by the house in a month of Sundays. Hell, I must owe you money or something. Bono: Since you got your promotion I can’t keep up 117 9780735217867 Fences.indd 117 11/1516 1:50 PM
60) 2) text: She runs to Cory, and they embrace. Bono and Lyons come in from the kitchen. Raynell watches from midway on the stairs. Bono: Aw, looka here Rose steps back, looking at him, wiping tears away. RosE: Done got all grown up! cory: Don’t cry, Mama. What you crying about? RosE: I’m just so glad you made it. cory: Hey, Lyons. How you doing, Mr. Bono. tyons: Look at you, man. Look at you. Don’t he look good, Rose. Got them corporal stripes. Ros: What took you so long? cory: You know how the Marines are, Mama. They got to get all their paperwork straight before they let you do anything. Rose: Well, I’m sure glad you made it. They let Lyons come. Your Uncle Gabe’s still in the hospital. They don’t know if they gonna let him out or not. I just talked to them a little while ago. Lyons: A corporal in the United States Marines. BoNo: Your daddy knew you had it in you. He used to tell me all the time. Lyons: Don’t he look good, Mr. Bono? 130 9780735217867 Fences.indd 130 11/1516 1:50 PM
60) 3) text: Bono: Yeah, he remind me of Troy when I first met him. (pause) Say, Rose, Lucille’s down at the church with the choir. I’m gonna go down and get the pallbear- ers lined up. I'll be back to get you all. RosE: Thanks, Jim. cory: See you, Mr. Bono. Bono goes out the front door. No one speaks. Then Lyons points to Raynell on the stairs. Lyons: Cory, look at Raynell. Ain’t she precious? She gonna break a whole lot of hearts. Raynell hides behind the banisters. Rose: Raynell, come and say hello to your brother. This is your brother, Cory. You remember Cory. RAYNELL: No, ma’am. cory: She don’t remember me, Mama. ROSE: Well, we talk about you. She heard us talk about you. This is your brother, Cory. (to Raynell) Come on and say hello. RAYNELL: Hi. cory: Hi. So you're Raynell. Mama told me a lot about you. 131 9780735217867_Fences.indd 131 11/1516 1:50 PM
60) 4) text: ROSE (STARTING FOR THE KITCHEN): You all c’mon and let me fix you some breakfast. Keep up your strength. cory: I ain’t hungry, Mama. Lyons: You can fix me something, Rose. I’1l be there in a minute. RosE (To cory): Cory, You sure you don’t want nothing. I know they ain’t feeding you right. cory: No, Mama . . . thanks. I don’t feel like eat- ing. I’1l get something later. ROSE: Raynell . . . get on upstairs and get that dress on like I told you. Raynell scrambles upstairs as Rose goes into the kitchen. Lyons (Pausz): I always knew you was gonna make some- thing out yourself. Your head was always in the right direction. So . . . you gonna stay in make it a career . . . put in your twenty years? cory: I don’t know. I got six already, I think that’s enough. Lyons: Stick with Uncle Sam and retire early. Ain’t noth- ing out here. I guess Rose told you what happened with me. They got me down the workhouse. I thought I was being slick cashing other people’s checks. cory: How much time you doing? yons: They give me three years. I got that beat now. I ain’t got but nine more months. It ain’t so bad. 132 9780735217867 Fences.indd 132 11/1516 1:50 PM
60) 5) text: You learn to deal with it like anything else. You got to take the crookeds with the straights. That's what Papa used to say. He used to say that when he struck out. I seen him strike out three times in a row. . . and the next time up he hit the ball over the grandstand. Right out there in Homestead Field. He wasn’t satisfied hitting in the seats . . . he wanted to hit it over every- thing! After the game he had two hundred people standing around waiting to shake his hand. You got to take the crookeds with the straights. Yeah, Papa was something else. cory: You still playing? Lyons: Cory . . . you know I’m gonna do that. There’s some fellows down there we got us a band. . . we gonna try and stay together when we get out but yeah, I’m still playing. Rose calls from the kitchen: Rosz: Lyons, I got these eggs in the pan. iyons: Let me go on and get these eggs, man. Get ready to go bury Papa. (a beat, then) How you doing? You doing all right? Cory nods. Lyons touches him on the shoulder and they share a moment of silent grief. Lyons goes into the kitchen. Cory looks up to the top of the stairs and sees Raynell, in her 133 9780735217867 Fences.indd 133 11/1516 1:50 PM
62) 7) text: Rose: Lord (calling back to the house) Look here, Lyons! Lyons, then Bono come out from the house. Lyons: See, I told you, Rose . . . I told you they’d let him come. cory: How you doing, Uncle Gabe? Lyons: How you doing, Uncle Gabe? Gabriel looks at each of them, then back to Rose. He takes his hand from behind him and holds his trumpet aloft. GABRIEL: Hey, Rose. It’s time. It’s time to tell Saint Peter to open the Gates. Not knowing what she’s agreeing to, Rose nods. GABRIEL: Troy, you ready? Gabriel waits for an answer. Raynell comes out on the porch and hides behind Rose, shy. Gabe smiles at her, and she returns his smile. GABRIEL: You ready, Troy. I’m gonna tell Saint Peter to open the Gates. You get ready now. Gabriel puts the trumpet to his lips, two decades of waiting for this moment 141 9780735217867_Fences.indd 141 11/1516 1:50 PM
62) 8) text: finally over. He inhales and blows into the horn. No sound. Gabriel blows again, a huge effort: Nothing. Then Gabe begins to dance, slow and strange, eerie, skeletal and life- giving, a dance of atavistic signature and ritual. Lyons goes to Gabe, embracing him, trying to stop him. Gabriel pushes Lyons away. He points the trumpet at the ground and inhales as he arcs the horn upwards till he’s on his toes, closing his eyes, putting the mouthpiece to his lips; Gabriel blows once more, and: From the tarnished, battered bell of the broken trumpet comes an ear- splitting note, growing higher and louder till it’s almost like a woman's scream. In the clouds directly above Gabe, a small aperture opens up and a pillar of brilliant light descends, bathing Gabriel and his horn in gold. The trumpet’s blast stops; the silence is huge and abrupt. CLOSE-UP: Gabriel, his face raised up, bathed in light. He lowers his trumpet. He says to God: casRIEL: That’s the way that go! 142 9780735217867 Fences.indd 142 11/1516 1:50 PM
63) 0) text: Bono leaves the house first, followed by Cory and Lyons. Twenty black cars wait at the curb, a flower car behind them, and then the hearse. Neighbors have begun gathering on both sides of the street. Bono goes to the first car as Lyons gets into the second. Cory waits outside by the open car door. Raynell comes out of the house, leading Gabe; Bono motions for her to come to the first car, and she does. He opens the rear door for them, and Raynell and Gabe get in. Rose comes out of the house, Bono watches. She walks up to Cory, grabs 143 9780735217867 Fences.indd 143 11/1516 1:50 PM