3) 0) text: SAREK (late 40's, a Vulcan) comes out to the balcony thro rear doors of the home. He moves to Amanda and kneels. He looks at the child -- his child -- and says:
3) 1) dialog: Well done. She looks at him for a beat, then says, flatly -- with ju enough rancor:
3) 3) dialog: Your tone suggests disappointment. The Science Council required my presence for a session regarding--
3) 5) dialog: As you are aware, the Vulcan male is traditionally not present at the moment of delivery.
3) 10) text: Sad that she has to tell him this at all, she just looks the baby -- finding comfort in his innocence. Sarek consi this. He moves closer to her. Whispers intimately:
3) 11) dialog: You are correct. I should have been here. I am sorry.
3) 12) text: And with her free hand, she pulls Sarek closer -- and kis him. And the two look at the baby.
3) 13) dialog: I had a thought. That we might name the child after one of our respected early society-builders. His name was "Spock".
3) 15) dialog: Your silence does not suggest enormous enthusiasm.
3) 17) text: She looks at Sarek: Spock it is.
3) 18) dialog: The child has your eyes.
54) 2) text: -- I want him to embrace           above all. Vulcan, you know that... but he has to be himself-- which means, occasionally, being         -- His "humanity" is v human.                             source of his ostracis -- When Vulcans get disgusted with each other, they never just walk away, do they?           -- No. -- Well humans do. And Amanda walks away, leaving Sarek standing there. He t sees his son down the corridor. Approaches. And we're PUS IN on Spock, studying the fear in his eyes. His father st front of him, looming there, looking down stoically:
54) 4) dialog: In marriage... conflict is...
54) 6) dialog: Natural. (a beat)
54) 10) dialog: Never, my son. But you may choose the ethic of logic. Logic offers a serenity humans seldom experience. The control of feelings... so that they do not control you.
54) 12) text: Sarek is clearly conflicted by this.      But he holds st
54) 13) dialog: As Ambassador to Earth, my duty is to observe and understand human behavior. Marrying your mother... was logical. (Spock seems disquieted) Spock. You are fully capable of choosing your own destiny. The question you are faced with... is which path you will take. This is something only you can decide.
66) 12) dialog: Spock. You have made a commitment to honor the Vulcan       At the moment, Fathe way--                                think of no greater
106) 1) dialog: (SHOUTS against wind)
118) 0) text: Sarek's hovercraft speeds along the desert floor, arrivin massive CAVE OPENING -- he and Amanda hurry off the craft into the cave --
152) 0) text: Spock RACES through the tunnels as the world SHAKES aroun he enters the massive ARK CHAMBER -- sees, atop the enorm stairs, FIVE VULCAN ELDERS, Sarek among them, hands place the sarcophagus-like ark. Mind melding with it. Amanda is too, kneeling beside Sarek -- and she sees her son, who i RUNNING toward them -- she stands:
158) 0) text: SHOCK. The kind that crashes after the world's changed. I triage, the bay's filled with wounded Enterprise Officers Vulcan Elders and Sarek being examined as well. Kirk sits getting his hand bandaged from the fight. During this, he up, seeing one of the Elders being treated for a slight w her GREEN BLOOD seen through the bandage...
183) 14) text: A strong look and Spock turns away as Sarek enters the br Spock moves to meet him. Off McCoy, fuming --
189) 2) text: Spock moves from Sarek to Chekov --
193) 40) dialog: Spock!
193) 41) text: And everything -- everything -- STOPS. Spock, red-faced, releases his grip. Kirk GULPS air and tumbles to the grou Spock staggers back. Kirk's hardly able to speak, close t collapsing. But despite his brutalized face, his expressi isn't about spite, or hatred... but compassion. Spock sees the faces of the STUNNED CREW staring at him. worst of all? Sarek. His father. Spock levels his chin. Quickly wipes his eyes. Trying to regain some semblance o dignity... looks to McCoy. Softly --
193) 43) text: JESUS. Spock just... QUIT. And after a beat, he leaves th room. Sarek follows a moment later. The crew just stands there in stunned SILENCE.   Finally
196) 0) text: SPOCK stand here, staring at the place where his mother s have, but didn't, arrive. Sarek enters. Sees his son. The alone for the first time in ages. A beat:
196) 2) dialog: You must not punish yourself. (beat) Speak your mind, Spock.
196) 4) dialog: What is necessary is always wise.
196) 7) dialog: (beat, softly) You will always be a child of two worlds. I am grateful for that. And for you. (painfully) And not only because you are all I have left of her.
196) 8) text: Spock looks at Sarek.   This is as close to emotion as he
196) 10) dialog: I believe she would say... do not try to. (then) You asked me once. Why I married your mother. (beat, simply) I married her because I loved her.
248) 0) text: Spock is seen in a medical office with Pike, who lies in recovering -- McCoy monitors him - Spock exits -- walks t the corridor -- sees a VULCAN in silhouette, staring out Academy. Sarek. Spock moves to him -- says quietly:
248) 2) text: Sarek turns -- but IT ISN'T SAREK.   IT'S SPOCK PRIME.
249) 0) text: As Spock Prime walks off down the corridor, he passes rig man conferring with a nurse -- the man pauses, turns... i SAREK. Suddenly overcome by a feeling that the stranger w just passed him is... oddly familiar.
259) 0) text: As Spock Prime walks off down the corridor, he passes rig man conferring with a nurse -- the man pauses, turns... i SAREK. Suddenly overcome by a feeling that the stranger w just passed him is... oddly familiar. KIRK/SHATNER (V.O.)