1) 1) dialog: They arrived almost half a century ago. Aliens, Scavs, whatever you want to call them. Their idea of how-do-you-do was to blow up our moon. Giant waterfalls crash where lava cooled through iron and concrete. Telephone polls half-buried in sand.
1) 2) dialog: Without her moon, the earth went insane. Most were killed in the floods, as the cities came down, as everything caught fire. A year later their ground troops landed, to exterminate whoever was left. A station wagon half protrudes from a lava flow. A child's plastic flip-flops on the dash.
1) 3) dialog: They were probably surprised, what we were willing to do, to survive. We used the nukes.
1) 5) dialog: Humanity had to flee the Earth. We had to unlearn what it meant, to call something our home. Now we live on the Tet, our man-made moon. A temporary home before the next step. Everyone's there now.
3) 0) text: BATHROOM. The man flicks on a light, stares at himself in the mirror. This is JACK. Early 40's, a good face that enjoys rugged living. Tan and weathered skin. His eyes are curious, kind, almost child-like. The woman squeezes in next to him, VICTORIA. 30s, a tom- boy shock of red hair, towel around her neck. She brushes her teeth. KITCHEN. Victoria watches the coffee drip, bites toast. SHOWER. Jack lets warm water blast him in the face. READY ROOM. Jack pulls a worn high-tech workman's suit from a locker, revealing a photo taped to the door: It's of him and Victoria, younger, in a white-walled high-tech corridor, smiling eager at the camera. He stares at it for a moment, closes the locker door. KITCHEN. Victoria hands Jack his coffee. He kisses the top of her head, heads out to work.
4) 0) text: He walks out onto the deck of a futuristic home perched 1,200 feet in the air, literally above the clouds. As our minds are blown, Jack moves away from the glass- walled home towards his BUBBLESHIP, a futuristic-cross between a Bell 47 Helicopter and a jet fighter, and we CRANE UP UP UP... INCREDIBLE VERTIGO until we're looking down at this impossible structure. Jack, climbing into his ship.
6) 0) text: Through the canopy of the Bubbleship: The cloud cover below seems to FALL UPWARDS at us, that's how fast we're diving. There's a small worn BOBBLE-HEAD on the dash which vibrates with the ship. Jack is un-phased by the drop, touches a few controls.
6) 3) dialog: Yeah, I got 'em. You got 'em, Bob? The Bobblehead bobs.
7) 9) dialog: Oh, you know. Same ole' same. In front of Victoria, almost a hundred years of technological advances. Most prominent a MAP overlaid with environmental, meteorological, radiation levels... Other screens stream cam-footage from the Bubbleship.
7) 12) dialog: You should come with me sometime.
7) 15) dialog: What do you call this? What does a storm look like inside a storm? Like this. The WALL OF WEATHER comes out of the wind and rain from behind Jack's ship, simply eats it up. Suddenly Jack's going end over end, helpless. Warning lights flash. Jack punches controls that won't respond.
7) 16) dialog: (humming to himself) "I've got sunshine...
7) 25) dialog: on a cloudy day. When it's cold outside I've got the month of May..." Victoria watches the readouts, helpless.
7) 26) dialog: 
7) 29) dialog: (under his breath) "Talkin' 'bout my girl..." Jack shifts the Bubbleship, in the distance a series of RESOURCE-GATHERERS on the horizon. Essentially titanic vacuums, sucking up the oceans. In front of her console, VICTORIA charts the Gatherers, and the patrol arcs of their defensive Drones. One blinks, stalled.
7) 31) dialog: Send it. NUMBERS FIRE across the heads-up. Jack touches a button. A BAR GAUGE begins to fill, like a street racer turning on the NOX before dragging...
7) 40) dialog: 
7) 42) dialog: I see it, looks like full mid- flight impact. What was its last destination? BELOW, through blowing dust, we see a DRONE, a spherical mechanical weapon, plunged into the sand.
7) 44) dialog: You know, I actually read about this game. Giants are literally on their own seven with 25 seconds on the clock...
8) 0) text: JACK grabs an old YANKEES CAP from between the seats and slides it on backwards. He hoists a WEAPON, a carbine- sized gun on a sling, and checks its charge as he slides the door open. He's BLASTED with sand and wind which now suddenly still, like a freight train that's passed.
8) 1) dialog: Anyway... QB lets off this mile- high bomb... The weather's fast and erratic like this. As Jack starts moving towards the Drone, a heavy mist forms, shrouding it in grey. There's almost no sound, just Jack's feet on earth...
8) 2) dialog: The thing just sails the length of the field. Victoria anxiously checks a screen, the arc of the Tet's "vision" still not covering Jack's location.
8) 4) dialog: And at the one yard line... interception. Devastation. It's all over.
9) 0) text: LIGHTS connected to the ship's two AUTOMATIC GUNS reach from the hull of the BUBBLESHIP, backlighting JACK as he reaches the downed drone.
9) 8) dialog: But the guy's too eager. He starts running it back. Everyone's yelling "Fall down, just fall down!" Jack goes to his knees, examining it, his hands expertly locate an empty tube-like space on the side of the Drone.
9) 9) dialog: Huh... The fuel-cell has been taken.
9) 11) dialog: No... It's a master drone, too. 166. Looks like it was hit mid flight, managed to limp its way here. Watch my back, I'm starting field repair. INTERCUT: VICTORIA AT SKY TOWER. Glances at the arc of the Tet's vision - still six minutes away.
9) 12) dialog: Bob, I'm going to need a cell. AT THE BUBBLESHIP. An exterior compartment opens revealing spare parts, etc... At the same time, a small ROVER, an ball-shaped independent gopher, rolls free from the ship, sprouting wheels...
9) 20) text: Jack, you know they can weaponize a fuel cell. Now a DRIVER shoots out of the tool cuff of his suit. JACK (STARTING WORK)
9) 22) text: I'm reading the whole central core off alignment, you don't have the necessary tools. Jack's got an arm and half his chest inside. He takes his CHEWING GUM, presses it in next to a board... Systems go green on Victoria's console. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
9) 23) text: Hold on, what did you just do? JACK
9) 24) text: (calling to the ship) Bob, I said I needed... He turns to find that the ROVER is already there, a DEUTERIUM FUEL CELL sitting in its payload bay. A SOUND now reaches Jack. Distant, an animal in pain? Jack listens, but it's gone. He slots the cell. A HUMMMM as the Drone powers up, systems coming online. Jack looks around at the stadium. JACK (CONT'D)
9) 25) text: Can you imagine it? 80,000 people on their feet. Everyone yelling "Go! Go! Go!..." Touchdown... He sets his gun against the Drone, raises his arms, running in a circle, making the crowd roar sound... JACK (CONT'D)
9) 28) text: INTERCUT VICTORIA: Listening to his stadium cheer sound over the Comm. She rests her head in her hands. WITH JACK. The empty ruined structure stares back. Reality returns, sadly... He reaches for the open Fuel Cell door... hesitates, hating what comes next... and that SOUND comes again. Distinctive. An animal's whimper...
10) 0) text: Jack stands at the tunnel entrance, shining a light into the depths. The sound is clear now, a low WHIMPERING. Jack makes his way down the tunnel, carefully. Ahead, the tunnel meets the circular tunnel that rings the stadium. His light plays over the silty floor, finds: A DOG. Starving, shivering. It COWERS in a corner. JACK
10) 1) text: Hey there, boy. Easy... Jack moves forward, hand out. JACK (CONT'D)
10) 2) text: You got nothing to be scared of, buddy... The dog suddenly SCURRIES away into the dark BEHIND JACK, a HUGE FORM RISES. We see GREY SKIN, TEETH... and Jack hears ITS HEAVY LABORED BREATH... JACK (CONT'D)
10) 3) text: Ah, shi... JACK SPRINTS, full speed! The animal, A GIANT EMACIATED HAIRLESS BEAR, comes SURGING out of the darkness, lumbering after him. Jack TEARS back down the tunnel, the bear's form almost FILLING the tunnel behind him.
11) 0) text: We HEAR JACK before we see him. A loud "AHHHHHHHH'.!!!!" as Jack comes STREAKING out of the tunnel, the bear on his heels. (CONTINUED)    
11) 2) text: VIEW FROM ABOVE: Jack streaks down the field, 50, 40, 30.. The giant bear closing... WITH JACK. He can see the drone in front of him, the Fuel Cell Door still hanging open. He puts on a burst of speed but STUMBLES, sliding on his chest, arm outstretched towards the Drone as the bear LEAPS! He REACHES, flips the Drone's fuel cell door shut. Drone 166 REACTIVATES. It SURGES UP, weapons POWERING UP and RRRRRRRRRRRRip!! It opens up with white plasma fire on the bear which seems to go nova in mid air, disintegrating to BLACK ASH which covers Jack. Jack stumbles to his feet. Drone 166 NOW WHEELS ON HIM. Its smoking red-hot cannons inches from his face. JACK averts his gaze as the Drone SCANS Jack. Breathing hard, hating this moment. With its ganglia still hanging out, it doesn't seem to be processing... And then just as quickly, the Drone rockets up into the sky and is gone. Jack falls to his knees in the sand, exhausted. Only now realizing that Victoria has been calling his name. VICTORIA
11) 3) text: Jesus, Jack. What the hell was that? INTERCUT VICTORIA. The Tet's scanners finally giving her a high-rez thermal view of Jack. Her display burning red from the residual plasma fire. JACK (SPITTING ASH)
11) 5) text: Jack, what happened? Nowtrudging to the ship: JACK
11) 8) text: You. He leans against the ship. Smiles tired. It's a nice thing to hear. JACK
11) 10) text: We only have two more months, Jack. Please try to resist the urge to do something stupid. (BEAT)
11) 11) text: There's no other service signals. Come home. ON VICTORIA. A relationship off balance. She wants him home. He wants... JACK
11) 12) text: No... ON JACK. The captured Drone data right there in front of him on the heads-up. He's too curious. JACK (CONT'D)
12) 0) text: JACK'S BUBBLESHIP, locked and armed, sits atop a ridge, against the bruised and lightning-fractured sky. Jack SCANS the horizon with his BINOCS, past deserted landscape, an early iron-framed skyscraper that came down semi-intact on its side. Nothing. He lowers the Binocs, glances upwards to where one of the HUGE RESOURCE GATHERERS blots out half the sky, breath- taking. It's hovering over what is left of a subsided harbor, a few blasted and rusted hulks of ships. The water level has dropped by a kilometer. (CONTINUED)    
12) 2) text: The Gatherer is sucking up salt water, harvesting the elements essential to create DEUTERIUM, "Heavy Hydrogen." At the top of the giant machine, Drones work tirelessly, ferrying containers of Deuterium energy up into the sky. Jack raises the Binocs, snaps a few photographs... VICTORIA
12) 4) text: What are you doing, Jack? JACK
12) 5) text: One day when we get to Mars, someone will want to know about this. From someone who was here. He stares at the HUGE columns of water draining upwards. JACK (CONT'D)
12) 7) text: It's not doing anyone any good here. JACK nods, starts to turn away when something GLINTS on the horizon. He raises the Binocs, PANS to a gallows- like structure. He ZOOMS, but it is still unclear. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
12) 8) text: Jack, without a signal, you're looking for a needle in a haystack. I think we've had enough excitement for one day. JACK is at the back of the Bubbleship, throwing levers. JACK
12) 9) text: Actually I've got a bit of a problem with a gyro here, call you when I've fixed it. He releases a catch, pulls a WHITE RECTANGULAR CASE from a slot in the Bubbleship. He kneels down, hands working expertly, producing a full UNFOLDING MOTORCYCLE. As Jack locks the rear wheel in place, the bike HUMMS to life. He gets on and opens up the throttle, rooster- tailing off. The bike's electric, but it MOVES. (CONTINUED)    
12) 11) text: JACK rides over what used to be the sea-bed, soaking up the thrill of catching top speed air over embankments of black sand. Completely carefree, enjoying himself like a man who is utterly and completely alone.
13) 0) text: Something was here. A large metal beam has been propped onto rocks, stretching over... a COLLAPSED SECTION OF EARTH. This was the source of the light reflection. Jack stares down into the hole... black. He POPS a flare, drops it in. It comes to rest far below, next to the unmistakable form of a DRONE. JACK
13) 1) text: .There you are. An instant of BLACK... And we're suddenly looking at Jack THROUGH ALIEN BINOCULARS. High tech, symbol readouts changing. Something is watching him.
14) 0) text: Inside the hole, looking up. A CLIMBING ROPE spills towards camera. We descend with Jack, all the way down into the hole, the light receding above. He touches his suit and a light array blazes on, illuminating the walls passing by.
15) 0) text: Jack drops down through what used to be a roof... into the READING ROOM OF THE NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY. Vast, ruined, the far end totally collapsed, like a sky-scraper fell on it. He reaches the silty floor, the flare's burning light illuminating the room. He STARES at the expanse of SHELVES that line the walls, stripped and empty. Wonder... and disappointment. He turns to his task, kneels by the Drone. The thing's a wreck. A METAL SHAFT protrudes from a crease. Jack marvels at the accuracy of the shot... He carefully reaches out, slides the fuel cell door open. Again, the FUEL CELL is missing. (CONTINUED)     15 CONTINUED: JACK
17) 2) text: Mission, this is Lieutenant Victoria Kohl, requesting Drone intercept at coordinates sending now. Her AUDIO goes through a SCRAMBLING PROCESS, then is uploaded where a few seconds later its receipt is acknowledged: STATUS: "APPROVED." She stares up at the map, sees one of the Drones turn towards Jack's location. She settles back, watching.
18) 0) text: JACK looks up and sees how the Drone was brought down: above it is a twisted tangle of chain-mesh and cables strung between two structures, a DRONE TRAP. MOVEMENT FROM THE DARKNESS. Jack spins, his gun coming off his back in a fluid motion. Just the empty cavern, the wreckage at the end. Jack squints at... a wall of books on the shelves beyond the wreckage. JACK
18) 1) text: .Jackpot. (CONTINUED)    
18) 3) text: He steps forward... ALMOST FALLS INTO A GIANT HOLE! He raises the flare off the ground, illuminating a void where the entire floor has imploded down seven more stories. What's left is a PIT, with a building-sized ton of twisted metal hanging over it... A single bent GIRDER still spans the hole. Jack tracks the possibilities... steps out onto the girder. He reaches up to the suspended wreckage to balance... IT SHIFTS! A hundred tons of twisted metal just moved an inch above him. Best leave that alone... He balances, inching across this metal tightrope. Finally reaching the other side...
18) 7) text: ABOVE. The line trembles under his weight and stress... A KNIFE, improvised from bone and sheet metal, enters the frame and CUTS THE LINE. Jack has a second to feel the slack hit. And then he's FALLING... IMPACTS the ground. Can't get his air. Staggering wildly to his feet, FORMS CLOSING... Suddenly a DRONE blasts down through the ceiling hole. Its lights turning night to day, its cannons FIRING. In the STROBING FLASH of canon fire, we see SCAVS INCINERATED. Metal and hair fry to ASH as the insect- like creatures SCREAM!! Other shots IMPACT WALLS. Fire and plaster dust fills the space. Jack shields himself from the debris as the Drone ceases firing, WHIRLS on Jack. The same awful moment as it SCANS him. Then it lifts away, is gone as quickly as it arrived. And with its departure, the darkness comes again. Silence, whatever was here is now gone. Jack takes in the destruction for a hard beat: The ash of an alien, burning paper twisting in the air. He looks up towards the light above. A long ways above.
19) 0) text: Jack appears, dirty-faced, filthy and frustrated, crawling, lugging his own weight up through the sink hole. Finally back to the surface. He shakes himself off... notices his bike has been taken. JACK (AD-LIBBING EXPLETIVES)
20) 0) text: The debris in the air makes for spectacular sunsets. Jack's Bubbleship bursts from the low clouds, carrying Jack home after the long day. We see the "PLANETARY RING" formed by the rubble from the destroyed moon.
21) 0) text: Jack marvels at the ring, thoughtful. But then checks his read-outs. Victoria knows what he's looking for. VICTORIA
21) 1) text: Check your seven. Jack touches his controls and the Bubbleship Canopy REVOLVES so Jack's facing away from the direction he's traveling in. Low on the HORIZON, the TET floats in the sky. It's setting, glows a dull orange, like a Harvest Moon. INTERCUT VICTORIA. She's leaning back in her command chair, her feet propped on the console, also staring out at the Tet. Strangely quiet. In Jack's face a curious mixture of nostalgia, and confusion... This small metal planet is his home. JACK
23) 0) text: Jack drops the last piece of his environment suit. He touches a button and warm water sprays down. Through the glass, he can see Victoria inside the Sky Tower. She nods at him, a tense welcome home. He nods back. There is no privacy in the Sky Tower. (CONTINUED)    
23) 2) text: As the glass walls go opaque with steam, he closes his eyes, the water running over his face. POPS OF MEMORIES go through his imagination: SKY TOWER. Early in their tour, Victoria girlishly jumps on the sofa with a pint of ice cream, laughing. BEDROOM. Also early. Jack watches Victoria sleep, brushes hair from her face, affectionate... And the memory... SEEMS TO DISTORT. Suddenly becoming: THE NEW YORK SKYLINE, seen through a cheap telescope. Jack, pulling away from the telescope, happy, turning to... A BRUNETTE WOMAN, staring back at him. Jack STARTS, snapping out of the memory.
24) 0) text: Rows and rows of shelves, mainly empty now. Jack and Victoria have gone through almost all of what they needed for a 5-year tour. Jack grabs a container of water.
25) 0) text: Jack starts to hang up his workman's suit, pauses to stare at the photo of a younger him and Victoria on the Tet. They look so eager, so innocent. He shifts slightly to where he can see out to the Tet itself, sinking below the horizon.
26) 0) text: The area is devoted to DRONE REPAIR. Lifts, parts, shelves, odds and ends of gear and weaponry, tables of tools, a written-off DRONE at the back. Jack comes in, glances at his newest arrival, the self- beached DRONE 166. Even deactivated, it looks like trouble, like pure evil. He opens a drawer, slips THE EDUCATION OF HENRY ADAMS into the drawer, shuts it.    
27) 0) text: We finally see the whole thing. It couldn't be more comfortable, although it continually vibrates in the wind: VICTORIA is sitting, reading her own work notes. In the background, Chaplin's "Modern Times" plays silently on a large screen. JACK goes up behind her and kisses her on the head. VICTORIA
27) 1) text: (not looking at him) You're not supposed to bring up surface items. JACK sips water, then waits even longer before... JACK
27) 3) text: I tried to reach you earlier... If we're going to be an effective TEAM -- JACK
27) 5) text: Then you can't just -- Jack leaps up, only to return a second later with a small bundle held together by an old rag. He hands it to her, pleased, watching her reaction. She opens it to reveal a small GREEN SEEDLING in a pocket of fresh, rich soil. Her eyes play over it... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
27) 6) text: Where did you find this? JACK
27) 9) text: She comes back in, washes her hands in the sink, upset. JACK (CONT'D)
27) 12) text: I'm sorry, I don't think it's funny. JACK
28) 1) text: .I'm not saying you can't go into your caverns, I'm saying we have a job and if I'm trying to reach you and you're off on one of your adventures -- JACK
28) 3) text: It's only a little while longer. The Gatherer's have collected most of the resources we need for Mars. Pretty soon -- JACK
28) 8) text: Dammit, Jack. They nearly killed you today. They eat in silence for a moment, then: JACK
28) 10) text: Please be careful. If they get to you, what happens to me? JACK puts a finger to her lips, then kisses her. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
28) 11) text: Answer the question. Jack considers this. Then he pulls his shirt off over his head. For sex? VICTORIA (CONT'D) (PLEADING)
28) 12) text: Jack. JACK
29) 0) text: Talk about an infinity pool. The pool is miles in the sky, with a glass bottom. The cold wind is constant overhead but heaters flare with the changes in temperature, compensating. Jack glides graceful underwater, his nude form silhouetted against the roiling dark clouds below. He surfaces near Victoria, who's stayed dressed on the edge with a glass of wine. (CONTINUED)    
29) 4) text: We made it. Jack looks away... JACK
29) 6) text: I wonder what duty I would have pulled. Probably programming the Mars boats. JACK
29) 8) text: I'm serious, it's dangerous work. I mean, you think you have control of the situation. He swims closer. She smiles, he presses on. JACK (CONT'D)
29) 10) text: Stop! JACK
29) 11) text: It's awful. Just thinking about it, I get afraid... She LAUGHS, reaches for her wine, accidentally knocks the glass which tips over, and rolls right off the Sky Tower. They watch it disappear into the darkness below. JACK (CONT'D)
29) 14) text: I've been happy here. With you. (watches water fall from her hand) I can't remember zero gravity. Physically. Can you? JACK
29) 16) text: I should have seen that coming. Jack smiles, then takes a breath and goes under. He floats face-down, staring through the bottom of the pool into the lightening-stung clouds below... .and then Victoria's form glides underneath him, looking up at him, smiling. She stops moving and her body rises towards his. He opens his arms, and she floats up and against him. They embrace, kiss... Two bodies, intertwined underwater, a thousand feet above a roiling thunderstorm. Their lips part, he pulls back to look at her ... But it's the BRUNETTE WOMAN who stares back at him!!
30) 0) text: Jack wakes, breathless, troubled. He doesn't know this woman who invades his dreams... Next to him, Victoria lies asleep, curled in the sheets. Shaken, he quietly gets up, grabs clothes... and goes where he goes when Victoria is asleep...
31) 0) text: Jack moves to a BENCH where he keeps his finds... a few coins, a watch, a pistol, a snow globe showing the Nativity. A book: THE LAYS OF ANCIENT ROME. JACK produces his newest find from the library: THE EDUCATION OF HENRY ADAMS. He opens it. (CONTINUED)    
34) 0) text: Jack's eyes blink open, waking from another dream. He sits up, troubled.
35) 1) text: JACK comes through, kisses her. Then moves off towards his work. VICTORIA
35) 2) text: Don't go out today until we get a signal. Jack looks back. She's never said this before. She's genuinely worried. JACK
35) 3) text: .Then what would you say in your report? Victoria looks away, stuck. JACK (CONT'D)
36) 0) text: JACK suits up and gets into the bubbleship and for the first time we see the startup procedure. JACK
36) 1) text: One, Two, Three. Jack Harper. Lights sparkle across the board. Activation sounds. Jack hits switches. Outside, protective barriers lower. The stratospheric wind VIBRATES the bubbleship. JACK (CONT'D)
37) 1) text: I love you. He waves, blows the chocks. The WIND whipping off the tops of the clouds instantly grabs the ship, HURTLES it into the void. WITH JACK, just letting the wind twist him and the ship in freefall. Loving this feeling. Victoria. turns professionally to her console. THE TET SYMBOL ON THE SCREEN, the COUNT DOWN TO TET-RISE. She opens video streams, loses herself in her work. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
37) 4) text: You're welcome... Victoria takes a sip of coffee, turns to another task, when again a BLIP on her map pulls Victoria's attention back. That signal, radiating near Jack's position. She swipes up a grid, intensifies her sensors... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
37) 5) text: Jack... I've got a rogue signal. Might just be interference, but there shouldn't be anything there. JACK
37) 8) text: No... It's.. I'm not sure what it is. INTERCUT Jack listening to her in the Bubbleship. JACK
38) 0) text: Jack's ship skims over the surface of a deep pool of water. Up ahead, a waterfall explodes its force into the pool, spray and mist already reaching the Bubbleship. JACK
38) 1) text: All right, I'm coming up to the location. Jack begins flying slowly up the twelve hundred foot wall of falling water which almost seems to conceal a Petra behind its veil. Jack reaches the top... JACK'S POV - THE SPIRE AND OBSERVATIONAL DECK of the EMPIRE STATE BUILDING, now part of a cliff, set in shifted sea-bed, a gushing river pouring past.
39) 0) text: Jack lands and gets out of the craft, grabbing his weapon and Yankees cap as he does. He looks around, half nervous, half in awe that the old girl is still standing. JACK
39) 4) text: Jack, you're right on top of it. What do you see? Jack starts a circuit of the deck. A pile of old deck chairs in his way, he pushes at them with his foot... finds a WIRE, running below them, linked to two CAR BATTERIES, hidden under the rubbish. He traces the path of the wire... up.
40) 0) text: JACK has made an arduous climb to discover a TRANSMITTER, hooked to an old MILITARY REPEATER, and both hooked to... we look up as Jack does... the RUSTED, DAMAGED, ESB Antenna atop the building. JACK
41) 0) text: At the bubbleship, Jack watches the frequency analysis of the signal play on his heads-up. He touches the screen and the signal goes quiet. VICTORIA
41) 1) text: What did you find? JACK
41) 3) text: Define reactivated. Jack looks at the batteries, the wire... (CONTINUED)    
41) 5) text: Jack, that signal's going out over the whole territory. You need to blow the structure. JACK
41) 7) text: It's ancient history, Jack. You know the procedure. Blow it. He pulls several CHARGES from the Bubbleship's storage, starts to set them... He pauses, staring at the railing, the old telescope. Change of plans. He walks towards the batteries, a blade sliding out of the cuff of his suit. He reaches them and SEVERS the lines. The signal dies.
42) 0) text: The Bubbleship lifts off. Jack can't help staring down at the Observation Deck as the ship lifts into the air.
42) 2) text: Check your course, you're headed right at the border. JACK
42) 4) text: She checks her map. Jack's Bubbleship is headed straight at a large red swath of territory marked out, toxic radiation levels constantly monitored. A small ALARM goes off in the Bubbleship cabin. VICTORIA
42) 5) text: You're at the edge of range, Jack. You're starting to break up. (CONTINUED)    
42) 8) text: No, it's not okay. You get in too close that radiation -- JACK
42) 9) text: -- will cook me from the inside before I know it. Don't worry, I'm still more than five clicks from the beacons... IN THE BUBBLESHIP. A BIGGER ALARM goes off, Red skull- and-crossbones flash across the heads-up. Jack DIVES the ship, down over huge rocky outcroppings. Jack, intent on piloting. Static. Some GARBLED SOUNDS. Victoria's voice barely coming through. VICTORIA
42) 10) text: What are -- you ---- out there Jack? The signal goes to pure static as Jack steers into a steep canyon, rock on all sides. Barely room to squeeze, but Jack's not worried. This is all familiar. JACK
43) 1) text: Jack...? Victoria works the panel, upping signal, boosting reception. The static is again MIXED WITH GARBLED SOUNDS. She listens, confused, ups the volume... BLIP! That signal from the Empire State starts again. This time it LOCKS ON, a loud and continuous electronic pattern.    
44) 0) text: JACK's ship emerges from a canyon into a beautiful landscape we have never seen before. This is Jack's SECRET PLACE. TREES exist on an island surrounded by clean water. And near the shore, a GROTTO, a carved-out portion of the hillside, supported with scavenged timbers, protected by plastic tarps. A ton of gear is piled inside. JACK has been scavenging for a long time. The BUBBLESHIP lands. JACK walks into the structure, slapping on a relay from a SOLAR GENERATOR. All around are young growing plants, including small yellow flowers and their GREEN SEEDLINGS -- the same Jack gave to Vika. Jack kneels down by an old military JAMMER. He checks a screen: the Crater Lake location is being jammed.
44) 2) text: Jack? Jack, I really need you online...
45) 0) text: A RECORD PLAYER is taped into his solar power system. An EARLY METAL POWER-BALLAD floats out of the speakers. Jack has a basketball hoop lashed to a pole. He shoots hoops by himself, the ROVER retrieves the ball. LATER. Jack brings a single CHAIR out in front of the water. He sits, and with care produces the books he's brought with him. He opens one with burnt edges: TREASURE ISLAND. .I remember him as if it were yesterday, as he came plodding to the inn door, his sea-chest following behind him in a hand- barrow... JACK is in an obscure state of frustration. He lifts another book, THE LAYS OF ANCIENT ROME: (CONTINUED)     34 CONTINUED:
45) 1) text: How can man die better Than facing fearful odds, For the ashes of his fathers, And the temples of his gods... Jack closes the books, strangely unsatisfied...
46) 14) text: Will communicate findings on next Tet cycle. Understood. Victoria clocks off. Stares at the border area on the map where she last saw Jack. A KLAXON goes off in her workspace. Victoria STARTS. For the first time she seems confused as she works the console. She can't immediately figure it out... Suddenly she brings up a WIDE SCAN for tracking the Tet, The whole Eastern Coast of the continent. And something is closing, coming over the poles, FAST. ON VICTORIA...
47) 0) text: Jack folds the page of his book, stuffs it in his cargo pocket and walks down to the water sparkling over stones. Motion catches his attention. It's the ROVER, approaching with the basketball. JACK
47) 1) text: So, um... Victoria. The ROVER shifts, confused. JACK (CONT'D)
47) 2) text: I was thinking, when our tour is up, maybe we'd stay. We could put in for another -- Wait, wait. Stop yelling. Hear me out. No, don't throw that, that's a... The ROVER turns around. Jack smiles at the poor machine's confusion. The smile dying... this is serious. JACK (CONT'D)
47) 5) text: The ROVER leaves, obedient. Jack watches it go, sad. He's spoken the words. He lies back on the bank, looks at the clouds rolling overhead. JACK (CONT'D)
48) 0) text: ---- AN ELEVATOR. It climbs a gantry towards a SHUTTLE. POV looks over, sees a YOUNGER VICTORIA, who smiles back, nervous... -- A GLASS CARAPACE. A WOMAN'S FACE inside. The same Brunette woman. Her eyes open, she SMILES WITH LOVE... .then SCREAMING! JACK'S POV SPINS as A SCAV looms through ORANGE LIGHT and DUST, snarling with its electronic squeal... WOMAN'S VOICE
48) 1) dialog: JACK's eyes snap open. It is much later in the day. He scrambles to his feet, breathing hard, remembering SOMETHING... something desperate...
48) 3) text: Bob! Let's get going! The Bubbleship is already powering up by the time Jack piles in. He touches a control and the ship shoots up into the air.
49) 0) text: Jack sets a course towards the smoke on the horizon. (CONTINUED)     37 CONTINUED: JACK
49) 2) text: Where the hell have you been? Jack's silent, not wanting to lie. INTERCUT VICTORIA, looking at streaming info from TET. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
49) 3) text: (tense, professional) It's an external. An alien ship. It's a God damn Scav vessel in the Western Valley. JACK
49) 5) text: Turn around, Jack. The Drones will handle the situation. JACK
49) 7) text: Just for once wait for your orders on this one, Jack. This is serious. Jack is silent, unsure. The crash site growing closer... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
49) 8) text: Technician. This is your Control. Turn around. JACK
49) 10) text: You heard me. Another hard beat. Jack hating this but... JACK
49) 13) text: IN THE BUBBLESHTP. Bob seems to shake his head. JACK (CONT'D)
52) 0) text: JACK is circling the wreckage, looking down. JACK
52) 2) text: I'm not confirming this from the Tet. JACK
52) 3) text: I'm confirming it. I'm right here. Vika works her displays, scanning, wanting to keep him safe. The wreckage has strewn out thousands of flaming pieces of debris, all which register heat signatures. JACK (CONT'D)
52) 4) text: This thing is ancient, one of the old pre-war shuttles. JACK'S POV - THE WRECKAGE. The ship's guts are strewn across the earth. Several pod-like canisters strewn around, more fixed into the burning wreckage.    
53) 0) text: JACK TOUCHES DOWN, rolling out of his Bubbleship even before it's settled. He heads straight into the burning wreckage, into hell. Heat SEARING his eyes, disorienting him. All around metal POPS and GROANS as it distends. He moves through metal panels, dodging flames and burning debris -- searching wildly. Jack sees what looks like a SURVIVOR! HAULS it over to discover it's only an empty NASA jumpsuit. But beyond that... A DELTA-SLEEP POD, split wide open. Its interior EMPTY. Jack moves on, finds another POD, presses his face against the glass... A HUMAN FACE on the other side. A MAN, sleeping... A FUEL EXPLOSION plumes into the dark sky. Jack STUMBLES ON, tracks another pod literally ON FIRE. Beyond that, a whole portion of the ship is semi-intact, the hull ripped lengthwise. Jack tracks a burnished STEEL CYLINDER with radioactive markings, locked in strong moorings... And near that, another POD, still locked in the ship's wall. Jack moves to it, wiping away soot and grime, pressing his face close and sees her... .THE BRUNETTE WOMAN FROM HIS DREAMS. She's asleep, her face lit by moving firelight. JACK is stunned. Eyes dart to readouts: She's alive. ON JACK. Confused, amazed, moved. He puts a hand out, towards the glass of the pod... JACK OKAY
53) 1) text: SVUNK! SVUNK! Behind Jack, plasma rounds impact the Pod with the man in it, the metal going nova, collapsing... JACK (CONT'D)
54) 0) text: Victoria stares at her screens, perhaps for the first time in her life, frozen. Jack's voice blares over speakers. JACK
55) 0) text: A Drone passes right over Jack, locks into position, lining its cannons on the Pod with the WOMAN in it... Jack moves between the Drone and the Pod. The Drone hesitates... SCANS him. Weapons literally red hot from repeated fire. The Drone SHIFTS AGAIN, FAST, looking for its shot. Jack counters, keeping his body between the Drone and the Pod. JACK
55) 1) text: Get out of here! Go away! Get! A moment of insane bravado, Jack un-shoulders his weapon, strafes the Drone with gunfire which knocks it back. It re-centers, weapons chugging with energy. INTERCUT VICTORIA. Staring at the feeds. A screen catching a half-image of Jack firing at the Drone. She's absolutely still, holding her breath... Jack stares at the Drone, at certain death. JACK (CONT'D)
55) 2) text: Well, what the hell are you waiting for? GO ON! And suddenly, the Drone moves on, Canons live, searching on into the wreckage, annihilating other Pods. ON JACK, chest heaving... An instant of BLACK, shuttering back to: CROSS-HAIR POV: We suddenly see Jack through CROSS- HAIRS, tracking him as he shields the Delta Pod with his body, dragging it towards the Bubbleship... (CONTINUED)    
56) 0) text: JACK reaches the Bubbleship, heaves the Delta Pod onto the carrier which immediately secures it with armatures designed to carry damaged drones. JACK steals another look at the sleeping face of the WOMAN. He touches the glass, wiping away soot and dust. JACK
57) 0) text: The WIND is wild and brutal. As the Bubbleship touches down, CLAMPS snap on the landing skids. Jack is in motion, bursting out of the ship. He glances up. Victoria stands behind the glass of the Sky Tower living room, staring at him. THUNK. He releases the armature. HAULS the Pod with him towards the house. HAMMERS ON THE GLASS. JACK
57) 1) text: Open it! Victoria obeys, opens the glass doors. WIND fills the living room as Jack hauls the Pod in. Then Victoria touches a control and the walls SEAL. (CONTINUED)    
57) 4) text: Well it didn't recognize her. It's machinery. It's programmed MACHINERY -- JACK
57) 6) text: I don't know what the machinery did or didn't do. There's protocol... JACK
57) 8) text: Go get the cutter, and a breather, and my big bag. Now. The Pod's been damaged, she's not doing well, let's get her out of there. Jack moves. Victoria, almost holds back, but... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
57) 9) text: .This has to be reported. HE SPINS. Stares at her. Really angry. JACK
57) 10) text: I know it does. And when we report it, we'll also report that drones slaughtered the other human survivors from one of our ships. See what they make of that. He goes for the equipment. Victoria stares at the woman's face, deeply unsettled... Jack returns with Victoria's bag, and firing up a CUTTER. (CONTINUED)    
57) 12) text: Right there, be careful... Jack directs the blue arc towards a seal. The Pod depressurizes with a sudden exhale of dead air. Jack pulls back the pod door. Inside, the woman lies in a gauzy sleep suit. Her hair is matted. Her body looks frail, her skin translucent, veins dark, lips blue, like a drowning victim. Vika pulls her feeding tube, takes her pulse, checks her eyes, lifting the lids. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
57) 13) text: Lift her up, we have to get some air into her. JACK gets his arms around the woman, pulling her upwards. FLUID seeps from her mouth... And suddenly she's ALIVE, COUGHING, spewing fluid across Jack and the floor. He sets her down as she painfully wretches, then SUCKS IN AIR. Her eyes flutter open. She's suddenly violently ill again. Instinctively, Jack goes to hold her -- VICTORIA (CONT'D) (PROFESSIONAL)
57) 14) text: No. Don't. Let her get the fluid out. The woman stops heaving. Looks up at both of them... She tries to stand, disoriented by the glass walls, the infinite vertigo that surrounds them. She falls to her knees and stares with amazement down into the clouds. Jack kneels beside her, puts a hand on her shoulder. JACK
57) 16) text: .Jack. Victoria gives a sharp look at Jack. He's stunned. Now completely exhausted, the woman SLUMPS into unconsciousness. Jack catches her. Victoria comes close, slides an oxygen breather mask over her face. (CONTINUED)    
58) 0) text: A bizarre and almost beautiful tableau: ALL THREE together under the water, Jack holding the unconscious Woman like a child. The warm water spraying over their three forms, soaking the woman's gauzy suit which clings to her body. Water running across Jack and Victoria's faces, their open eyes, locked on each other. The water finally stops. VICTORIA
58) 1) text: We have to get her up to the Tet. JACK
58) 3) text: I don't have the facilities here. Once she's stable... JACK
59) 9) text: Where's Jack...? Julia STARTS. Looks down at her arm where Victoria has just slid a needle under her skin. She stares at her, almost afraid. Victoria depresses the plunger. VICTORIA
62) 1) text: Tomorrow, I'll report that we have her. Jack nods, but won't look at her. Deep in thought. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
62) 2) text: Jack... (BEAT)
62) 3) text: What do you want from me, Jack? This isn't just a Shakespeare Sonnet, a buffalo nickel, some vase... JACK
62) 4) text: It's a Greek funeral vase. Which I want my ashes in, incidentally. Victoria collects the dishes, heads for the kitchen. JACK (CONT'D)
62) 6) text: Jack, please. This isn't why we're here. This is just what we have to do before our real lives begin. We've given them five years and now we get to go home. (BEAT)
62) 7) text: So just leave this alone. It's not our job. JACK
63) 0) text: Julia sleeps, a mask taped to her face, oxygen hissing. Jack watches her. Now cleaned and dry, there's a natural, earthy, freckled beauty to her. Air passing peacefully through her lips, now returned to color. (CONTINUED)    
63) 2) text: Jack reaches out to brushes hair from her face. He notices the outline of a necklace with a pendant under her nightgown.
64) 0) text: Victoria sets dishes in a dishwasher. She stops. She can see Jack in the Infirmary, staring at Julia.
65) 0) text: DRONE 166 sits in its hub, repaired. Jack replaces a panel, moves to a laptop and activates the drone. It POWERS UP, rising fast, bringing its canons around. We should be afraid, very afraid, that something is wrong with it. It SCANS Jack, as menacing as ever. But something's changed in Jack. He just stares back at it. Beat. Then the DRONE FIRES itself off into the black clouds, disappearing towards the earth below. Jack stares after it; then he turns, looks across empty space to the underside of the glass pool. Victoria has just dived in. She swims laps, kicking hard, bubblestreams peeling across her body. Exercise, not pleasure.
66) 0) text: Jack stands at the end of the pool, watches Victoria stoke powerfully towards him. She sees him as she reaches the edge, stops, looking up at him. This is important, something Jack's been wanting to say for a long time: JACK
66) 1) text: I read these books, of what it was like down here, before... He sits, his legs dangling into the water. She pulls up close, her arms on the side. JACK (CONT'D)
66) 4) text: I know. That was the world before. Your little obsession... JACK
66) 5) text: What was so wonderful about life on the Tet? She looks away... JACK (CONT'D)
66) 6) text: When our time is up next month. I want to put in for one more tour. Victoria pushes off from the side, drifts back... JACK (CONT'D)
67) 0) text: Victoria comes in from the pool. She can see Jack in the bedroom, sitting on the bed, his back to her. She moves into the Infirmary, moves to Julia and checks her IV drip. She starts to adjust it, stops. She stares down at Julia.
68) 0) text: Victoria comes in from the infirmary. She opens a closet, changes into a night shirt. JACK VIKA --
68) 5) text: Everything we've wanted is waiting for us up there. Please, Jack. JACK
68) 6) text: I don't know if it is or not, Victoria. I can't remember. She starts to reply... has nothing. Shakes her head. She grabs blankets and pulls them around herself, her back to him, her eyes open, scared. Jack also lies down, staring upwards. And then Jack asks the 64,000 dollar QUESTION: JACK (CONT'D)
69) 0) text: WIND shakes the SKYTOWER, and the clouds boil beneath it. Jack and Victoria sleep next to each other. In the infirmary, Julia sleeps alone. A machine "beeps."
70) 0) text: We're in the deep saturation of Jack's dream. Images fly by, then SLOW. People, enjoying the view. New York City. Jack, looking through the pay telescope. Then turning, seeing... Julia right next to him, smiling up, happy.
71) 0) text: Jack's eyes open. That dream again. Victoria's still asleep next to him. He rises out of bed...
72) 0) text: Jack pads out into the main room. STOPS when he sees Julia, risen from the infirmary, standing at one of the glass walls of the Sky Tower, staring out. (CONTINUED)    
72) 2) text: It's early early morning. Probably 3:00 am. While it's dark below, the first signs of dark blue and orange sunrise are visible on the horizon. THE PLANETARY RING glows with soft golden light. JULIA'S POV: In the distance, the Tet is rising, faint light on its surface as it crests the planet's curve. VERY CLOSE on Julia. The image of Tet reflected in the corneas of her eyes. She's been crying, silently, and alone. One hand at her chest. JACK
72) 5) text: A bit more... located. JACK
72) 7) text: I don't remember. I should get back to the ship. I might be able to find the flight recorder. JACK
72) 9) text: (again, careful) Have you ever seen a ship like that? JACK
72) 11) text: I wonder what brought us back? JACK
72) 15) text: What? JACK
72) 17) text: Have I? An awkward beat, then: JACK
72) 19) text: .You look like someone I once knew. (extending her hand) I understand I owe you my life. Thank you, Jack. They shake. A weird moment. She breaks away, looks back at the Tet which now glows a pale orange on the horizon. JULIA (CONT'D)
72) 20) text: What happens now? JACK
72) 22) text: From... the `Pet? JACK
72) 25) text: You fly that thing? JACK
73) 0) text: JACK and JULIA are suited up, ready to go. The Tetis still low and far on the dark horizon, silhouetted bythe first signs of sunlight growing in the East... The Bubbleship's ENGINES start up with their distinctive whine. As they head towards the ship, Victoria comes out from the house, a robe pulled on... VICTORIA
73) 1) text: Jack! What are you doing? JACK
73) 4) text: Thank you. I feel very well. Then, coldly, she boards the ship. JACK
73) 6) text: Jack, please. (CONTINUED)    
73) 9) text: That's not it. I can't protect you with the Tet offline and I just have a very bad... JACK
74) 0) text: Jack pulls the ship out of its dive, sets course across the altered earth. Julia is STARING down, a little afraid, but darkly fascinated... Victoria's voice cuts through on the Comm. VICTORIA
74) 1) text: Jack... This isn't just about protocol. I'm trying to understand. JACK (BEAT)
76) 3) text: What happened next? He gestures towards the moon ring in the sky. JACK
76) 4) text: The Scavs assumed taking out the moon would wipe us out, and it almost did. But we re-grouped, fought back. We beat them in the end. She glances at him. JACK (CONT'D)
76) 5) text: That's if you call nuking half the planet beating anybody. He looks at her, shrugs. They fly past a RESOURCE GATHER, its column of water lifting from the seas. JACK (CONT'D)
76) 7) text: A dry planet... He nods at the Tet, rising in the distance. JACK
76) 9) text: What about you? JACK
76) 12) text: JULIA looks at him. Something out of the groove. JACK (CONT'D)
77) 0) text: THE BUBBLESHIP sits landed amidst the wreckage. A low still fog has condensed, leaving visibility low, moisture everywhere. While there was light up high, they've descended back into the pre-dawn darkness. The ROVER has detached, shining its small light in their direction to help. Julia searches fruitlessly. Everything from the wreck small enough to carry away has been taken by Scavs. Every piece of fabric and metal. Jack half watches her, half tracks the periphery, his weapon slung low.
79) 4) text: She backs off, upset, breathing hard. JACK
79) 7) text: You need to know what happened. JACK
79) 8) text: We should stay close to... She ignores him, moves on. Deeper in the wreckage, she locates the empty moorings that held the Steel Cylinder Jack saw. It's also gone. JACK (CONT'D)
80) 1) text: (hitting the Comm) Jack! Jack! There's something coming your way. JACK!!"
80) 4) text: (without looking up) You're staring at me. JACK
80) 5) text: I'm sorry. INTERCUT: Victoria watches as MORE AND MORE Alien figures pass the camera feed. Moving towards Jack and Julia's position. Victoria, HELPLESS. Julia looks up at Jack, directly for the first time. He stares at her... JACK (CONT'D)
80) 6) text: How do I know you... ON JULIA'S FACE. Suddenly her vision racks... JACK SPINS, sees emerging out of the mist, SCAVS. A dozen of them. Alien tribesmen, bristling with weapons, war-like high-tech headdresses. Mandibles and claws. Terrifying and close. Jack reaches for his weapon, bringing it around and -- SLAM! He's hit from the side by a SCAV. Its armored body bringing him to the ground. He tries to CRAWL AWAY, sees Julia grabbed. He twists, sees Scavs crawling over the Bubbleship. JACK (CONT'D)
80) 7) text: Bob! HOME! In the background, the Bubbleship BLASTS OFF, Scavs falling off as Jack KICKS BACKWARDS, breaking the Scavs hold. He rolls away towards his weapon- - straight into the legs of a GIANT SCAV holding an improvised club which now comes down, IMPACTING JACK...
81) 1) dialog:    
82) 0) text: Darkness. LOUD SOUNDS. ANIMAL PANTING. Small, glimpses of earth moving by, then darkness again. Jack and Julia are tied to a huge SCAV SLED pulled by twelve FERAL DOGS. A combination of old scavenged military hardware and new innovation to adapt to a world without engine-power. Giant treads roll forward as the dogs STRAIN against metallic harnesses. Jack's head lolls to the side. He blinks, looks over to see Julia next to him, unconscious. He tracks up. At the top of the sled, a massive Alien Scav pilots the sled, sand whipping through a head-dress we recognize: The LEADER. He holds a long whip, cracks it over the dogs who haul the sled forward. We slow, letting the sled pull away from us into the dark as we travel BACK, towards where we came from, reveal... The Bubbleship's ROVER has been following. A machine meant for small journeys, it rolls inside the tread path left by the sled, but it can barely handle the terrain.
85) 0) text: Almost complete blackness, just the SOUND of a slow drip of water. In the far distance, the howls and chatter of Scavs. Jack's blood-encrusted eyes blink open. Irises dilate trying to orient. He raises his head, can barely see. (CONTINUED)    
85) 2) text: He and Julia lie in the only pool of light in the room, filtering in from a high ventilation shaft. She's unconscious. Around him, in the dark, the sense of movement. His eyes adjusting, he squints into the dark. There's a FORM on the edges of the light, watching him. Jack tenses as the figure... .strikes a match on the floor, brings the flame to its face, revealing... An Old Man: BEECH. He sucks in on the end of a cigar. For a moment, their eyes meet. Then the match goes out. Dark silhouette again. Only the feint orange glow from the cigar. BEECH
85) 3) text: MonteCristo, #2. Do you have any idea how long I've waited, for this? He EXHALES a stream of smoke into the beam, then moves closer, into the light. Beech's face is lined with age and exposure, his skin scarred from battle. His teeth yellowed and crooked, but his arms and body are strong. Jack TENSES. Beech's voice is calm, with a barely held- back malice lurking just under the surface. BEECH (CONT'D)
85) 4) text: Well, let me tell you, Jack. It's been a long time... JACK
85) 6) text: We're deep underground. Very deep underground. JACK
85) 9) text: Tell me, Jack. Have you ever met a Scav, up close? (CONTINUED)    
85) 11) text: Jack is suddenly aware of other FORMS in this room. Motion, on the periphery. Hair... Feathers. Scavs? BEECH (CONT'D)
85) 12) text: No, of course not. You just repair the damage, keep the Drones up and killing. Don't ask many questions, do you, Jack? No part of the... (BITTER TASTE)
85) 14) text: Brutal, if you think about it. The way your Drones - JACK
85) 16) text: Interesting, Jack. Interesting. You're worried I might be some kind of... Collaborator. Jack doesn't respond. BEECH (CONT'D) (ASIDE)
85) 17) text: Lllllllights! A beat, then a BANK of lights flickers on, revealing HUMANS, all around them, heavily armed. Julia GROANS, the light bringing her to. Jack moves to protect her, tracks ten, TWENTY people... He looks UP where ROWS AND ROWS of men and women stare down from above with undisguised animosity. Forty, fifty more... At the front, a strong battle-scared Scav, SYKES, hovers on the edge of violence. He's been recently WOUNDED. BEECH (CONT'D)
85) 18) text: You see...? We're not Aliens, Jack. We're very much human. Jack can't process. Human face after human face. (CONTINUED)    
85) 21) text: The Drones still kill us, but they're not nearly so aggressive as when they smell a human target. Did you ever ask yourself why that is? JACK
85) 23) text: To what, Jack? (OFF JULIA)
85) 24) text: You saw it yourself. You almost got yourself blown to bits protecting her. I've been meaning to ask you, why did you do that? JACK
85) 26) text: Anyone. Would have. Interesting. Julia comes around, her eyes flickering open, She SCREAMS, looking frantically for an escape. Jack GRABS her, protecting her, calming her. Beech gets CLOSE, studies Jack, what he's doing. Nods. BEECH (CONT'D)
85) 27) text: Very interesting. Beech moves away. Jack moves after him and suddenly forty or more weapons lock onto him. Sykes closer than any other. BEECH (CONT'D)
85) 28) text: Careful, Jack. I'm afraid you're not very popular here. Beech switches his gaze to Julia. BEECH (CONT'D)
85) 31) text: Beech moves on. Jack and Julia follow, cautiously...
86) 2) text: Not yet, anyway. JACK
86) 4) text: There is? Plenty. Plenty of what? JACK
86) 7) text: The zones... the area you don't patrol... JACK
86) 11) text: A Grand Piano is pushed in a corner, other instruments propped against it. They pass a room filled with BOOKS, another with a SCREEN mounted in front of a projector. For a moment, Jack forgets everything else. It's like his private collection at Crater Lake, but a hundred times bigger, richer... Julia stops in front of a painting of a young girl in a field of golden grass, staring towards a farmhouse on the horizon. She turns to Jack. JULIA
87) 2) text: My Technical Officer, Jack Harper. He's gone.
88) 0) text: Jack and Julia are held back by Scavs as up ahead Beech's second-in-command, the battle-hardened SYKES, whispers heatedly in his ear, glancing back. Not everyone thinks having Jack and Julia here is a good idea. Jack peers over the edge of the gantry they are on. FAR BELOW, ancient GEOTHERMAL TURBINES churn. JULIA
88) 1) text: Jack, what he said about the Tet... JACK
90) 0) text: Vika is on a tear, working hard. Unable to reach Jack, she's looking for any clue, anything to help find him. To that end she's replaying the recordings of her last transmission from the Bubbleship. We hear her last PLEADING: VICTORIA'S VOICE
90) 1) text: Jack! Jack! There's something coming your way. JACK!!!! Victoria LISTENS, chilled. She hits REWIND, then PLAY: JACK'S VOICE
90) 3) text: I'm trying to. JACK'S VOICE
90) 8) text: What are you doing out there so far, Jack? Then the static for a moment filled with GARBLED SOUNDS. Victoria hits STOP. She stares. Makes an adjustment, plays the SOUNDS again. Something drawing her in...
91) 0) text: A Large bay, filled with machinery, computers. Other things scavenged from the wreck of the Odyssey including several Delta Sleep Pods. Scav Soldiers work in the center of the bay on a DOWNED DRONE. It's been opened up, taken apart. All of its circuit boards and wiring spread out, hooked to computers. To the side, other soldiers are grouped around something. Jack tracks the object they're working on: The scarred STEEL CYLINDER Jack saw on the Odyssey. Its been opened up and some ten scavenged Deuterium fuel cells have been fitted inside the casing. JULIA
91) 3) text: I know what I did. But tell us, Commander, why did you have a bomb on board, what was it for? Tell him. She looks at Jack, reluctant to say it, but... JULIA
91) 4) text: The Tet... is an alien ship, Jack. The odyssey's mission --- Our mission, was to investigate it. Jack shakes his head no. Angry... (CONTINUED)    
91) 6) text: It attacked us. First it destroyed our moon. Then it unleashed its primary weapon, a brilliant weapon... JACK
91) 8) text: I was born in Chicago, Jack. I used to go to baseball games with my father. I used to get two big hot dogs, fill 'em up with relish, and mustard. Just go to town. Me and my pops, watching the sox. (quick, pressing) You have any memories like that Jack? JACK
91) 10) text: Was what? Tall? Fat? He yell at your mom? Ever go to a baseball game, Jack? JACK (GETTING ANGRY)
91) 12) text: Right, sorry. Tell me how your mother smelled. JACK
91) 14) text: My mother, smelled like warm fruit. Like oranges, sitting in the sun. Jack starts to speak... Stops. Beech moves to one of the scavenged DELTA SLEEP PODS, runs his hand over the embossed name-plate... (CONTINUED)     68 CONTINUED: ( 2) BEECH (CONT'D)
91) 15) text: If you had looked more carefully at the wreckage of the odyssey, you would have noticed there were two empty sleep pods. The Pilot, and the Co-pilot... Jack stares at the name plate on the POD: "J. Harper." JULIA
91) 16) text: It was you, Jack. JACK
91) 18) text: You and Victoria. We were all on the Odyssey. We were supposed to make contact... JACK
91) 20) text: The Tet is an alien vessel, Commander Jack Harper. It came and destroyed our moon and most of humanity when it did. And ever since, with your help, it's been trying to finish the job. (BEAT)
91) 21) text: I'm sorry, Jack. It's not good news, I know. You've been turned to the wrong side. Beech goes to the BOMB, stares down at it BEECH (CONT'D)
91) 22) text: But now, with your help, we can finally destroy it. JACK
91) 23) text: You're insane. This is insane. He turns to Julia, but she won't help him. JACK (CONT'D)
91) 27) text: Pockets like this one, hiding out, dying. Probably all over the planet. Beech raises his gaze to Jack. Deadly serious. BEECH (CONT'D)
91) 28) text: We didn't win the war, Jack. We lost. These words hit Jack. He starts to reply, finds he can't. Beech approaches, fatherly, gentle. BEECH (CONT'D)
91) 30) text: But you can, repairman. That is the beautiful irony. It gave you the skills. ON JACK...
94) 0) text: Suddenly, SYKES and several other Scavs burst into the area. All eyes go to Jack and Julia as the ruined ROVER is brought in. (CONTINUED)    
94) 3) text: Well well, we may be out of time. Set the Drone to return to the Tet upon reactivation. It needs to go right to the center -- JACK
94) 5) text: It will kill that ugly stain on the sky. That's all! Now program the Drone! Soldiers push Jack towards the opened Drone. Jack stares at the read-outs, the electronics. Sykes GRABS a weapon from a female Scav soldier, lines it on Jack. JACK
94) 10) text: What's your plan, Jack? Tell the Tet where we are, so they can send a nice big welcome -- JACK
94) 12) text: You can't trust him! JACK
94) 16) text: Well, you're the repairman. Jack powers up the bike and gets on. He looks at Julia who hesitates, then she climbs on the back of the bike. JACK
94) 17) text: I'll get to the antenna, send a signal with my location. The Tet will call off the search. .You should be safe, for now. Jack starts to go. BEECH
94) 18) text: Jack... What if I told you that I had been to your radiation zones. And what I found there... Would change everything you think you know about the world. (CONTINUED)    
94) 20) text: Jack looks at him, hearing this. Then GUNS the bike. Beech stares after them, the rooster-tail of Jack's bike racing away across the ruined landscape. SYKES
95) 0) text: Jack pilots the electric bike across STAGGERING BEAUTIFUL VISTAS... LANDSCAPES OF THE IMAGINATION. On the back of the bike, Julia takes in the incredible beauty around her. Finally, in the shadow of a jagged mountain, the BIKE slows and STOPS. Jack checks the charge: it's dead. They climb off and Jack leaves the bike where it lies, headed off on foot. JULIA
95) 1) text: What happened...? She's staring into the distance where an old WRECK of a RESOURCE GATHERER lies shattered against a cliff-face. JACK
96) 0) text: Jack and Julia reach the top of a high cliff, with what looks like a METAL SPIRE protruding upwards at its edge. (CONTINUED)    
96) 2) text: We PASS OVER them, staring down a familiar 1,200-foot waterfall. Jack has returned to the top of the Empire State, this time approaching from above. Together, they climb DOWN the craggy rock face. Two tiny figures against a massive backdrop, a mortal fall below.
97) 0) text: Jack is the first to drop onto the cracked cement of the deck. He moves forward, pulling the plastic and camouflage off the transmitter and repeater. He gets to work on the repeater. It's old tech, hard to make it talk to the Bubbleship. Julia stands a ways off. For a moment, their gazes meet, then he continues working.
98) 0) text: Victoria is hard at work, processing the sound that caught her attention. She has it playing through the whole sky tower: The SOUNDS are broken, static-like, almost ALIEN. Strange and guttural. Fingers fly over controls, making adjustments. This time the sounds parse into WORDS. A male and a female voice. Almost apprehensive, she pulls an electronic filter, overlays it on the signal, which suddenly drops into perfect clarit : A recording of Jack and Victoria, from a different patrol. VICTORIA'S VOICE (LAUGHING)
98) 1) text: .And I want a dishwasher, the kind that you can put -- JACK'S VOICE
98) 3) text: Okay, fine. No dishwasher. How about just you. All the time. JACK'S VOICE
99) 0) text: Jack stares at the ESB Antenna, down at the repeater and the line of code he hopes he's transmitting. JULIA
99) 1) text: What will you do now? Jack doesn't answer. He moves to the edge of the deck, stares out, unwilling to meet her eyes. JACK
99) 3) text: Jack, you can't turn them in. He glances at her, shakes his head. JACK
99) 5) text: This is bigger than me. Jack moves off to a corner of the deck by the old telescope. She follows him, steeling herself. JULIA (CAREFULLY)
99) 8) text: It wasn't really about space for me, it was about... what could be out there. Life... JACK
99) 10) text: But for you, it was always the stars. You wanted to fly further and faster than any one else. JACK
99) 12) text: I'm talking about a man I knew, who was fearless. A man who wouldn't bow out of a fight, ever. JACK
99) 16) text: That's right... What do you remember? INTERCUT: The auto-piloted Bubbleship skims over the surface of downtown, headed towards the Empire State... Jack is staring at the telescope, agitated, confused. JACK
99) 21) text: Don't you remember what happened here? INTERCUT: The Bubbleship now moving UP the waterfall. Victoria, leaning forward, watching the feeds... Julia takes one of his hands, places it around her waist. Moves closer still... JACK
100) 0) text: A YOUNGER JULIA is staring out over glorious intact New York City. Next to her, a YOUNGER JACK peers through the telescope. Now he pulls away, turns to her... YOUNGER JACK
100) 3) text: Oh, okay. I don't understand. YOUNGER JACK nervously produces an ENGAGEMENT RING from his pocket. YOUNGER JACK
101) 0) text: VROOOOMMMM! The Bubbleship RISES INTO VIEW directly in front of them. Jack, kissing Julia, tries to break away, confused, guilty. Julia holds on. She reaches to her collar, pulls free a necklace, a familiar ring dangles from it... JULIA
102) 0) text: Victoria stares at the screen, the image of Jack kissing Julia, then breaking away. She's strangely cold, like there's simply nothing left to feel...
103) 0) text: Jack pilots the ship, a tense silence between he and Julia. He checks a few readouts, then hits the Comm. JACK
103) 1) text: Vika, it's me. I'm... all right. I'm coming in. Don't report in to Mission, not until I get back. No response. Dead air. Julia is pressed far back in her seat, watching Jack.
104) 0) text: Victoria is still motionless. She hears Jack's calls on the Comm, does nothing. JACK'S VOICE
106) 0) text: JULIA and JACK step out of the Bubbleship, head towards the interior of the Sky Tower. The whole thing has been opened up. Wind blows freely through papers, magazines. Vases have been blown over, water spilled. (CONTINUED)    
107) 0) text: Jack comes out near the garden. It's been ripped to shreds. What plants are left lie uprooted and broken. Flowers strewn about. PETALS float off the side of the sky tower and down into the clouds. VICTORIA stands near the far edge, looking out. She's no longer in her jumpsuit. She wears a beautiful flowing dress which waves in the wind. Her hair is free. JACK
107) 2) text: I saw you. I saw you two. JACK SHE'S -- VICTORIA
107) 4) text: You never really loved me, did you, Jack? His silence is LOUD. She LAUGHS, tears flowing... JACK
107) 8) text: Jack feels the sting of this betrayal, but quickly accepts it. JACK
107) 9) text: Then come with me. (she shakes no) Don't you see what it means? There are still people, living on Earth. Surviving on earth. People like us. Victoria hears that and laughs, bitter. JACK (CONT'D)
107) 11) text: Oh, Jack. I think they made us. Victoria steps backwards. Jack LUNGES forward. JACK NOOO1
108) 0) text: Jack stares after Victoria for one terrible beat, then falls to his knees. Not yet feeling, in shock. Julia approaches, slowly... He turns at her so fast she's afraid and steps back but he blows right by her, into
109) 0) text: Jack enters Victoria's station. Trespassing in a space that doesn't belong to him. His eyes play over the room: A cup of coffee, now cold. A jacket on the back of her chair. On a monitor, a wavelength plays silently. The signal she descrambled. He looks at the Tet Communication Device. We realize he's never spoken directly to the Tet before. (CONTINUED)     81 CONTINUED: JACK
109) 1) text: This is Technician Jack Harper. The signal goes out. Beat. Beat...
110) 0) text: Jack comes back out, heading towards the ship. Julia puts out a hand to him. JACK
110) 4) text: Where are we going? JACK
110) 6) text: And if he's just a crazy old man? Jack looks at her. It'd be a funny moment, but it's not. JACK
112) 0) text: The Bubbleship BURSTS through clouds. Up ahead, the familiar RIDGELINE is approaching... AND THREE DRONES WATTTNG. Jack HAULS the ship over as the Drones bear down on them OPENING UP. We recognize one: Drone 166. Canon fire ROCKS the Bubbleship, pieces blowing off. Jack REVOLVES THE CANOPY to return fire. A Drone EXPLODES but Drone 166 and another blast through the smoke, firing.    
114) 0) text: Jack SPINS the ship, evading pursuit, even as he checks his heads-up, tracks the two Sky Tower Drones closing from behind. He hauls over, pursuing Drones turning with him, firing as the two Drones burst out of cloud cover FAST, MID-AIR COLLISION, two more Drones go down! Jack hits the brakes. Another Drone overshoots him, pulls up. Jack sites the Drone, starts to fire... The Bubbleship is raked with fire! Drone 166 is right on them and firing. The canopy is hit! CRACKS spider-web across it. A canon is blown clean off. Jack tries his remaining weapon. It's dead. WITH DRONE 166
114) 1) text: It pulls out of an arc, ACCELERATES, closing on the Bubbleship as the Bubbleship tears away into a cloud bank, goes in. Drone 166 follows, seconds behind. Drone 166 EMERGES from the cloud bank into open air, its cannon lining on... nothing. Empty sky. It REVOLVES quickly, sensing for ... SMASH! Jack's Bubbleship IMPACTS the Drone from above, the ship's manacles designed for transporting broken Drones CLAMPING ON. Suddenly the two vessels are LOCKED. And the Drone goes wild. It's engines THRUSTING, fighting against the counter-force of the Bubbleship's engines. The Drones GUNS BLASTING in every direction, but unable to elevate to hit the Bubbleship. INSIDE THE BUBBLESHIP. Julia screams as the ship tumbles end over end. Jack stays on the controls, tracking the last Drone closing from above. (CONTINUED)    
114) 3) text: Jack FORCES Drone and ship to turn, turning Drone 166's canon on the last Drone which EXPLODES. JACK
114) 4) text: There... He punches the throttle. The Bubbleship with Drone 166 attached blasts in the direction of A CLIFF FACE. DRONE 166 gets free of one restraint, rotates so its cannon come to bear on part of the undercarriage. OPENS UP, blasting the storage to bits... And Jack PULLS UP, just clearing the ridge, Drone 166 IMPACTING ROCK. The Drone blasts clear through, CRASHES ONTO VOLCANIC ROCK.
115) 0) text: Jack and Julia in the damaged, smoking, now-shaking ship. JACK
115) 2) text: No. Jack nods, turns the ship north again. The Bubbleship shaking and smoking. Up ahead, the RIDGELINE approaching. WARNING ALARMS trigger on the Bubbleship's display Claxon-like. JULIA (CONT'D)
115) 3) text: What is that? JACK
115) 4) text: Radiation warning. We're five clicks from the border. Jack makes an adjustment, the Bubbleship SURGES with more speed. It sounds like it's going to tear itself apart.
117) 0) text: On the heads-up, they can see Drone 166 coming up behind them, closing FAST. Jack touches a familiar button. The Bar-guage for his extra boost starts to fill... FROM BEHIND THEM, blasts go wide. Drone 166 is firing, missing. The bar gauge FALTERS, something broken. Jack SLAMS the dash. Gauge keeps rising. The Bubbleship starts to buck as RED WARNING TEXT STREAMS ACROSS THE CANOPY: "LETHAL
117) 2) text: Jack... JACK
117) 3) text: I got this. Jack hits it. They're both propelled back into their seats. The radiation zone coming up fast... They CROSS
117) 5) text: Bob! BOB! What are you doing Bob!!!!! Bob just bobbles... BLAM! BLAM BLAM!! The blasts from Drone 166 impact them, helpless. JACK (CONT'D)
117) 6) text: Hold on!! Jack grabs a level, a mechanical lever, and HAULS IT UP. THE COCKPIT OF THE SHIP SEPARATES FROM THE BODY. The dead body of the ship tumbles backwards as Drone 166 BLASTS IT, tries to pull up but the Bubbleship IMPACTS Drone 166 which SPINS OUT OF CONTROL towards the ground. THE BUBBLESHIP COCKPIT skims the surface, IMPACTS a ridge, blasting through it. It hits another ridge, the canopy shattering, earth piling in on them as they finally grid to a stop. Jack groans, leans to checks that Julia is okay. She's coughing, dazed, but alive.    
118) 0) text: Jack opens the canopy door. It falls off. He stumbles out, himself still dazed. Wind and sand blow around him. CLOSE ON JACK. He breathes in. Breathes again. Waiting for a painful death, that doesn't arrive. JACK
118) 1) text: Son of a bitch, old man... Words die on his lips as he tracks the plume of smoke from the downed Drone 166, lifting over a nearby ridge. He turns back to the ruined ship, grabs his carbine. JACK (CONT'D)
118) 2) text: Stay here. Jack runs towards the smoke which is already being blown clear by a rising sand storm. He flops down in the dirt at the top of the rise, bringing his weapon up. JACK'S POV - DRONE 166. It lies smashed and smoking at the bottom of an incline. Finally dead. The wind and sand are beginning to whistle now, growing intensity... Jack starts to stand... when a FAMILIAR SOUND makes him turn. THAT OF A BUBBLESHIP. Jack hits the dirt as A BUBBLESHIP, just like Jack's, screams overhead and lands next to the DRONE, in a moment eerily reminiscent of the first scene of the film. Below, a MAN gets out of the second Bubbleship. He wears the same kind of suit as Jack. ANOTHER REPAIR MAN. He's got a bandana wrapped around his lower face to shield him from the sandstorm. Jack reaches for his BINOCS, bring them to his face only to find the lenses shattered. Reaching the downed Drone, the MAN kneels next to it and in a familiar fashion begins utilizing his tools to fix Drone 166. He locks a damaged cannon back into place, tightens it... Jack suddenly realizes what the man's doing. He stands, the wind now blasting in his direction, he starts running down the hill towards the man. (CONTINUED)    
118) 4) text: Hey! Hey, wait! Stop! Don't touch that Drone! His words are eaten up by the wind and sand. He rushes forward. WITH THE REPAIRMAN. We only see his hands as he works on Drone 166. He's very good. Even in the growing sandstorm he clips out a ruined board, slots a new one in. Runs a by-pass around a wire-bundle. The Repairman's fingers go to a familiar switch to activate the Drone... JACK'S VOICE
118) 5) text: No! Wait! The Repairman hears the voice, even as he flips the switch. He LEAPS BACK, spinning around, his carbine coming off his back, lined on Jack fifteen feet away who STARES BACK AT HIM IN UTTER ASTONISHMENT. JACK'S POV -- THE REPAIRMAN. Holding the weapon on him. The man is Jack. A cleaner, newer, but identical version of Jack... A CLONE. Jack stares, transfixed. Now it all makes sense: The Garbled transmissions, Victoria's last words, who or what he really is, and is not. Not so for Jack 2. He takes a step back, confused, horrified. A tense moment. JULIA'S VOICE
118) 6) text: Jack!? Julia has just crested the rise, sees the two Jack's. Also understanding... JACK
118) 7) text: Julia! Stay back! Jack 2 senses her movement, SPINS and AIMS his rifle as Jack rushes forward -- JACK (CONT'D)
118) 8) text: No! -- He HITS JACK 2 and they both go down, the weapon FIRING! They fight over the weapon. (CONTINUED)    
118) 10) text: Blow for blow combat, their physical strength and training identical, the only exception being that JACK 2 is fresh, his suit immaculate, a man who has just arrived at work, maybe just arrived on the planet. WITH JULIA. Standing, watching the two clones fight... she suddenly drops to her knees, her hand on her side. Blood seeps between her fingers. She's been shot, badly. WITH JACK AND JACK 2. Jack grapples with Jack 2, trying to control him... JACK (CONT'D)
118) 11) text: STOP! You have to understand! You have to understand... Jack 2 throws Jack, leaps on top of him, trying to throttle him, in a full panic. Jack drives up into his gut, rolls away. JACK (CONT'D)
118) 12) text: We're just Drones! We're just Drones, man! You and me! Don't you get it? Don't you know? Jack 2 comes at Jack wildly, emotion over-amping technique. Jack DUCKS the blow, wraps Jack 2 up in a choke-hold. SQUEEZING... JACK (CONT'D)
118) 13) text: It's okay. It's going to be okay... Jack 2 goes limp, unconscious. Jack lets him go, staggers back. Everything finally processing. Then: JACK (CONT'D)
118) 14) text: Julia... He turns towards Julia, sees her kneeling there, holding her side. The blood seeping between her fingers... JACK runs to her as she begins to fall. She is conscious, but just barely. But still, she PULLS BACK from him. JULIA (HORRIFIED)
118) 15) text: Don't touch me. Don't She lurches away from him, body running on fear and adrenaline. Jack nods, accepting her terror of him. (CONTINUED)    
119) 0) text: Jack sets her down. There's blood frosting her lips and her skin has gone pale. He looks back, sees the Bubbleship and Jack 2's form lying next to it. He realizes something. JACK
120) 0) text: Jack climbs in, looks around at the interior of the ship, at the similarities. He stares out at the unconscious Jack 2 in front of the ship. JACK (EMPTY WORDS)
120) 1) text: One, Two, Three. Jack Harper. A moment... then lights sparkle across the board. JACK (CONT'D)
121) 0) text: A woman we know but do not know is starting her new garden. VICTORIA 2. She looks happier, a little younger and more radiant than the Victoria we knew. It's earlier in their tour. Victoria 2 looks up as the Bubbleship lands. SMILES as Jack gets out and crosses the bridge towards her. VICTORIA 2
121) 3) text: What happened out there? I lost contact. JACK stares at her, heartbroken. JACK
121) 7) text: You dreamed a lot last night. I was thinking, you have to start writing them down. JACK
121) 9) text: I'll get it. JACK
121) 10) text: No, I'll get it. He kisses her. Gentle, loving... JACK (CONT'D)
121) 11) text: I'll get it. You stay here. And as JACK goes into the sky tower, she returns to happily planting her roses. Oblivious.
122) 0) text: As Jack heads through his work area he sees A COLLECTION. Just started, but not much different from his own. (CONTINUED)     91 CONTINUED:
125) 0) text: Jack comes out into the living area of Sky Tower 2, noticing everything: The furniture, the big things are exactly the same, but the little personal touches, the smaller details are different. He sees it all in a different light now. Things that he never looked twice at before. The items used to keep them from the truth. Victoria 2 comes in from outside, washes her hands. VICTORIA 2
126) 0) text: Jack stares down as the Bubbleship LIFTS OFF from Sky Tower 2. He sees Victoria 2 come out, looking at him puzzled. Then she moves towards her Control Station. After a moment, her voice comes over the Comm. VICTORIA 2
126) 1) text: Hey, you didn't say goodbye. JACK (BEAT)
127) 0) text: Jack touches down in the second Bubbleship. Drone 166 still lies there, but Jack 2 is GONE.
128) 0) text: Jack clambers into the enclave to where he left Julia. She's passed out, she looks dead. There's blood on the ground around her. He pulls her into his lap, pulling away the clothing around the wound. As he does, her eyes flutter open. She's delirious, eyes fixing on him. JACK
129) 0) text: Julia is unconscious, propped in the passenger seat of the ship. Jack climbs in, jams Bob the Bobblehead onto the dash. It bobbles at him, ready. Jack hits the gas and the Bubbleship lifts into the air.    
130) 0) text: The Bubbleship soars through the sky. There's something particularly calm, picturesque, exquisitely beautiful about the earth below. Jack pilots. In the seat next to him, Julia is pale, propped against the canopy, recovering. She watches him. He's aware of her gaze, but he doesn't look over.
131) 0) text: Julia weakly stands amidst the tarped supplies, aware she's trespassing somewhere utterly private. Outside, the sound of Jack splitting wood. She takes in the books, the records, the mementos of the past. Sees the Jammer up and working... Jack comes in, gets to work piling wood in the fireplace. He won't meet her eyes. Scared of himself, ashamed in front of her... JACK
131) 1) text: I always thought that plateau up there could be for a house someday. I thought about remaining here, letting the rest of humanity run off to Mars. And we'd just stay here. Jack stops himself, realizing how easily he said "we." JULIA
131) 2) text: I'm sorry. Jack... JACK
131) 3) text: No. He moves away from her, lights the fire, it starts to crackle. He gets up and goes, walking down to the lake. She stands near the fire, glad for its warmth, watching him out there, silhouetted in front of the lake. WITH JACK. He stares out over the water. Letting the truth wash over him. And then MUSIC from the grotto... the opening bars to the Temptation's "My Girl."    
132) 0) text: Julia stands by the record player, watching the disc revolve. She looks up when Jack's form appears in the doorway. He's been out there too long, cold. JULIA
132) 1) text: He loved this song. Jack sits, shivering, looking out at the lake. She moves to him, wraps a blanket around him. JACK
132) 3) text: He was arrogant, and annoying, and the best man I'd ever known. Some distant part of Jack smiles at that. JULIA (CONT'D)
132) 4) text: .And I loved him. JACK
133) 0) text: A group of ASTRONAUTS and NASA CONTROLLERS are celebrating. A television screen reads: "Odyssey Mission a GO!" A YOUNGER JACK and JULIA are among the people celebrating. As an ASTRONAUT pops champagne, Jack and Julia find a private alcove, he lifts out the engagement ring that she wears on the necklace around her neck... YOUNGER JACK
134) 0) text: Younger Jack stares out the window at the Odyssey on its launchpad in the distance. Steam rolls off its engines. It's being readied to launch. YOUNGER JULIA
135) 0) text: Jack's eyes blink open. Julia is asleep near him, peaceful. He turns, stares into the lightening morning sky. The Tet rising with the sun.
136) 0) text: Jack walks to the water's edge. He stares at the reflection of the Tet in the glassy surface of the lake. And under that, a fish, nibbling algae... He smiles at the fish.
137) 0) text: Jack and Julia fly low over terrain. As the Bubbleship crests a rise and drops down into a steep canyon, she takes his hand. He glances at her, lets his hand stay in hers. The entrance to Raven Rock looms ahead... (CONTINUED)    
138) 0) text: As the Bubbleship touches down, the carnage becomes clear. A few shattered DRONES lie here and there, but there are bodies and smoking blast points everywhere. JACK grabs his carbine, heading inside. JACK
139) 0) text: As Jack moves into the darkness of the ruined Raven Rock, his suit's lights blaze on. He moves in, weapon ready. Bodies are everywhere, blasted to pieces. FIRES still burn here and there. Paint bubbles on burning canvas. Records melt and drip in the heat... Jack turns a corner, finds Sykes STARING AT HIM! But his eyes are dead. Sykes still holds a spear implanted in a Drone's wrecked body. A FLICKERING LIGHT draws Jack's attention.
140) 1) text: Newsreel footage, from when the Tet arrived. On the screen crowds stare, the UN meets, Cults form. THE MOON in the sky, its surface VIBRATES, then starts to come apart. People SCREAM... Cutting to War Footage. Alien Troop-ships touching down, their design distinctly Tet-like. They discharge waves of warriors... CLOSE ON: Hand held, war-journalism. We see the alien soldiers pushing back resistance. All of them are versions of Jack. One sights the cameraman, BLAM! Blows him away. Camera hits dirt.. SMASH! Jack is there next to Beech. He's just pushed the projector over. (CONTINUED)    
140) 4) text: Later, there were new versions. More... creative. The Tet needed something different. And finally there was... you. JACK
140) 7) text: It doesn't even care about us. It's just... effective. JACK
140) 10) text: We lost, Jack. It won. JACK
140) 13) text: You like books, Jack. Beech closes his eyes, recalling from memory... (CONTINUED)    
140) 15) text: "Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valient never taste of death but once." Beech's voice trails off... Jack kneels in front of Beech. The old man's eyes are open, fixed on the artwork, the remnants of humanity... But they don't blink any longer. Beech is dead. Jack reaches up, closes Beech's eyes. He removes the box from Beech's arms: The flight recorder from the odyssey. JULIA'S VOICE
141) 0) text: The room destroyed. The disassembled Drone a smoking hulk. Jack works in front of an open Delta Sleep Pod from the Odyssey. He HAULS the cylindrical BOMB to the Pod, slots it into the space for personal effects... JULIA
141) 1) text: Is it ready? Julia is standing at the entrance to the room. He nods and she approaches, STARES at what will be her coffin. JACK
141) 3) text: Let's just do it. She moves to climb in, then turns to Jack and kisses him. It's a kiss filled with a lifetime of kisses missed. Finally, it breaks. She backs away, into the Pod, next to the BOMB. Trembling as the door starts to CLOSE. Suddenly, she's very scared. Fighting back panic. (CONTINUED)    
141) 5) text: Jack... Jack!! The door closes, SEALS. Jack stares down at her through the carapace. He puts a hand on the glass. She puts hers on the other side. JULIA (CONT'D)
141) 7) text: Jack... And she falls asleep. Jack stares at her sleeping form. JACK
142) 0) text: Wind tearing at him, JACK loads the sleep pod onto the drone-carrier of the Bubbleship.
143) 0) text: The ORIGINAL JACK in the Pilot's seat, ORIGINAL VICTORIA next to him, co-piloting. Jack GRINS as he peers out at the Tet, just a small geometry among the stars... ORIGINAL JACK
143) 2) text: Mission plan has us approaching to one hundred kilometers, doing our initial readouts... ORIGINAL JACK
143) 4) text: Stop. We don't know what it is, if it has intentions. ORIGINAL JACK
144) 0) text: Jack touches a control, the sound from the recorder FAST FORWARDS. Hours and hours of time on the odyssey fly by. The Bubbleship has reached the stratosphere where the blue sky gives way to black space. We see the small ship detach from the blue curve of earth, the blackness of space in front of it. JACK
144) 3) text: (a metallic voice) Technician Harper. JACK
144) 5) text: Your ship has converted to space mode. This is not authorized. JACK
144) 6) text: I am delivering the survivor from the crash of the NASA ship. ON JACK. The Tet reflected in his eyes. JACK (CONT'D)
144) 8) text: .Proceed. Jack... exhales. The TINY BUBBLESHIP climbs towards the massive artificial moon as the audio from the flight recorder surrounds him again...
144) 11) text: It could be inert. Anything on it could be long gone by now. ORIGINAL JACK
145) 0) text: Jack sits in the Bubbleship, the Tet looming above, the voices surrounding him.., remembering.
146) 1) text: Mission control says maintain one thousand meters. Original Jack touches a control. The Shuttle pushes forward, a little.
146) 4) text: We have our orders, Jack. We're to let it proceed without -- ORIGINAL JACK
146) 6) text: Jack... (CONTINUED)    
146) 8) text: He's already pulling on a spacesuit. Near him is the row of Delta Sleep Pods. In the nearest one, he can see Julia, asleep. He puts his hand on the glass... ORIGINAL JACK
146) 11) text: Let's make history. FLASH. The birth of the picture of the two of them, eyes filled with anticipation. The photo in Jack's locker.
147) 0) text: The shuttle airlock cracks. Two figures in Space Suits emerge. Small puffs of gas, they head towards... REVERSE ANGLE. The Tet MASSIVE in front of them. Their small forms shrinking at they approach it. CLOSE ON JACK. His face seen through his visor as they approach. Filled with wonder. The dark shadow of the Tet crossing over him, blacking out everything.
148) 0) text: The TET is obviously of alien manufacture. In this huge bay, other BUBBLESHIPS are being constructed, welded together, by Drones. JACK drifts above all of this. THE TET
148) 1) text: Leave the survivor and return to your duties. Breathable atmosphere has been provided. A PAD is illuminated for Jack to land. JACK (SMALL SMILE)
148) 2) text: Understood. Jack continues on, towards a huge DOOR. THE TET
148) 3) text: Leave the survivor and return to your duties. JACK
148) 5) text: Reverse course. Leave the -- JACK
148) 6) text: And right now, I want to see what you're made of... Jack GUNS his ship at the large doors, OPENING UP with canons as he does. In front of him, the door IMPLODES just as Jack's ship reaches it, passing into...
149) 0) text: A VAST space, miles in every direction. Jack's ships STREAKS along walls that pulse with energy... (CONTINUED)    
149) 2) text: Do you like books, Tet!? I like books. Can I tell you something that I read? BEHIND THE BUBBLESHIP. DRONES detach from the walls of the Tet, beginning pursuit. JACK (CONT'D)
151) 0) text: JACK's flies as never before. Drone fire reaching him! Blasts IMPACT the Bubbleship. JACK
151) 1) text: There was a guy named Horatius... and he held a bridge, alone. And when they told him to run, to give up, he said -- BOOM! A drone blast EXPLODES A whole engine of the ship. The Bubbleship goes into an uncontrollable SPIN, headed straight at a WALL... JACK (CONT'D)
151) 2) text: He said everybody dies. The thing is, to die well... SMASH! Jack's ship IMPACTS the wall, goes halfway through. The Canopy SHATTERS. Glass and debris tear at him.
152) 0) text: Jack STUMBLES OUT, badly wounded. He drags the pod off the carrier. He looks around himself, sees: (CONTINUED)    
152) 2) text: ROW UPON ROW of EMPTY GLASS PODS. He tracks the walls, until near him... there are a dozen with Jack and Victoria clones still inside. BEHIND HIM Drones BLAST away from behind the Bubbleship. Jack stares at the clones, LAUGHS morbidly. JACK
152) 4) text: That is not the Survivor. JACK
153) 0) text: A Delta Sleep Pod rests in front of Jack's ruined Grotto, near the lake's edge. A TIMER now reaches ZERO. The Delta Pod unseals with a HISSS, its door opening. Soft daylight falls on Julia's face. Her eyes move under their lids, then flicker open..
154) 0) text: Jack sees the DRONES swarming towards him. He starts to recite, but falters. He's really scared. JACK
154) 3) text: Jack? (CONTINUED)    
155) 0) text: As the Drones swarm down, Jack closes his eyes, recites without embellishment. The way these words were meant to BE SPOKEN: JACK
155) 1) text: How can man die better Than facing fearful odds, For the ashes of his fathers, And the temples of his gods... The DRONES are on him, weapons lining! JACK (CONT'D) (YELLING)
155) 2) text: Do you hear me!!! Jack pounds the trigger with his fist. As ALL THE CLONES open their eyes. .and everything is bathed in WHITE LIGHT.
160) 7) text: Well, almost everyone. A MAN stands at the edge of the water, on the opposite side. He wears the wrecked remains of a worksuit, and carries a pack. It is Jack 2. He's aged three years, his hair has grown, his boots are scavenged. He has travelled a long way, and we know that as he stares across the water, he knows exactly what he is looking at. CHILD