3) 0) text: BATHROOM. The man flicks on a light, stares at himself in the mirror. This is JACK. Early 40's, a good face that enjoys rugged living. Tan and weathered skin. His eyes are curious, kind, almost child-like. The woman squeezes in next to him, VICTORIA. 30s, a tom- boy shock of red hair, towel around her neck. She brushes her teeth. KITCHEN. Victoria watches the coffee drip, bites toast. SHOWER. Jack lets warm water blast him in the face. READY ROOM. Jack pulls a worn high-tech workman's suit from a locker, revealing a photo taped to the door: It's of him and Victoria, younger, in a white-walled high-tech corridor, smiling eager at the camera. He stares at it for a moment, closes the locker door. KITCHEN. Victoria hands Jack his coffee. He kisses the top of her head, heads out to work.
6) 2) dialog: Today we will be running support on five Resource Gatherers working the seaboard. Coordinates coming to you... now. Please do confirm. On Jack's heads-up display, five icons glow to life.
7) 0) text: VICTORIA watches the Bubbleship's icon on a screen. She's now wearing a work jumpsuit open over a man's undershirt. She has a natural ease with tech and stress. She sips her coffee, punches up a feed, multi-tasking with cool.
7) 1) dialog: Drone perimeter defense is intact, although one went offline last night. How's the drop?
7) 10) dialog: Alright, you're blind in five, four, three... INTERCUT WITH JACK IN THE BUBBLESHIP. JACK watches the cloud wall RUSH UP at him.
7) 11) dialog: Two... one...
7) 13) dialog: No, thank you. Have a nice ride. The Bubbleship HITS CLOUDS, goes completely blind. Just vapor and water HAMMERING the canopy like bullets. On the heads-up display, GPS numbers roll. The readouts deal with climate, terrain below... Even in this hell, Jack takes the controls, starts to pilot on instruments. One of Victoria's boards flashes. She squints as a large MASS forms near Jack's ship.
7) 14) dialog: Jack, you got some weather on your five, closing. The Bubbleship is VIBRATING, buffeted.
7) 30) dialog: Okay, we've got another Drone downed last night.
7) 39) dialog: Would you like to set a course to reserve fuel?
7) 43) dialog: Yo no se. No data. It's not transmitting. (checking the map) Tet coverage will go live in 11 minutes. Jack stares forward at a huge broken sign: "Home of the 2015 World Champions..."
7) 45) dialog: Please do not reminisce on my Comm, thank you very much. He puts the Bubbleship into a soft descent. Victoria observes it on her console.
7) 53) dialog: Negative, technician. I have no eyes in the sky for another ten minutes. Do not land. SEEN FROM INSIDE A STADIUM TUNNEL: The bubbleship lands thirty yards from the Drone, moors itself by setting spikes from its skids. Blowing sand whips around both.
8) 3) dialog: Jack I have no scope. The Tet is still offline. He pauses. A faint sound on the wind... like a whine.
9) 10) dialog: What do you mean taken? Was it a malfunction? Jack looks at the casing... beaten, pried open? He glances at the ground around him, the dark tunnels. REVERSE ANGLE. From inside a caved-in tunnel entrance, Jack looks small, vulnerable. Something watches Jack...
9) 13) dialog: Jack, you need to get out of there. Bring it home to the shop. Jack has a panel open. He pulls a lead from the sleeve of his suit, connects it to a board. We see FLIGHT DATA transfer to the Bubbleship.
9) 19) text: So the guy keeps running. 30, 40, 50 yards and BAM! He gets pasted. Ball goes loose... VICTORIA
9) 21) text: And wouldn't you know it, Giants recover, start running it back. Total insanity. VICTORIA
9) 22) text: I'm reading the whole central core off alignment, you don't have the necessary tools. Jack's got an arm and half his chest inside. He takes his CHEWING GUM, presses it in next to a board... Systems go green on Victoria's console. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
9) 28) text: INTERCUT VICTORIA: Listening to his stadium cheer sound over the Comm. She rests her head in her hands. WITH JACK. The empty ruined structure stares back. Reality returns, sadly... He reaches for the open Fuel Cell door... hesitates, hating what comes next... and that SOUND comes again. Distinctive. An animal's whimper...
11) 2) text: VIEW FROM ABOVE: Jack streaks down the field, 50, 40, 30.. The giant bear closing... WITH JACK. He can see the drone in front of him, the Fuel Cell Door still hanging open. He puts on a burst of speed but STUMBLES, sliding on his chest, arm outstretched towards the Drone as the bear LEAPS! He REACHES, flips the Drone's fuel cell door shut. Drone 166 REACTIVATES. It SURGES UP, weapons POWERING UP and RRRRRRRRRRRRip!! It opens up with white plasma fire on the bear which seems to go nova in mid air, disintegrating to BLACK ASH which covers Jack. Jack stumbles to his feet. Drone 166 NOW WHEELS ON HIM. Its smoking red-hot cannons inches from his face. JACK averts his gaze as the Drone SCANS Jack. Breathing hard, hating this moment. With its ganglia still hanging out, it doesn't seem to be processing... And then just as quickly, the Drone rockets up into the sky and is gone. Jack falls to his knees in the sand, exhausted. Only now realizing that Victoria has been calling his name. VICTORIA
11) 3) text: Jesus, Jack. What the hell was that? INTERCUT VICTORIA. The Tet's scanners finally giving her a high-rez thermal view of Jack. Her display burning red from the residual plasma fire. JACK (SPITTING ASH)
11) 4) text: Call in number 166 for service up top. It's practically got its motherboard and half its hydraulics hanging out. (under his breath) But it still wants to kill everybody... VICTORIA
11) 9) text: Well if you want anybody else, you're out of luck. He boards the BUBBLESHIP. VICTORIA
11) 11) text: There's no other service signals. Come home. ON VICTORIA. A relationship off balance. She wants him home. He wants... JACK
12) 2) text: The Gatherer is sucking up salt water, harvesting the elements essential to create DEUTERIUM, "Heavy Hydrogen." At the top of the giant machine, Drones work tirelessly, ferrying containers of Deuterium energy up into the sky. Jack raises the Binocs, snaps a few photographs... VICTORIA
12) 6) text: Do we have to take it all? VICTORIA
12) 7) text: It's not doing anyone any good here. JACK nods, starts to turn away when something GLINTS on the horizon. He raises the Binocs, PANS to a gallows- like structure. He ZOOMS, but it is still unclear. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
17) 0) text: Victoria, worried. Finally, she turns to the TET COMM. A station reserved for high-tech, long-range communication with the home base. A STATUS indicator, and a screen for text communication.
17) 2) text: Mission, this is Lieutenant Victoria Kohl, requesting Drone intercept at coordinates sending now. Her AUDIO goes through a SCRAMBLING PROCESS, then is uploaded where a few seconds later its receipt is acknowledged: STATUS: "APPROVED." She stares up at the map, sees one of the Drones turn towards Jack's location. She settles back, watching.
21) 0) text: Jack marvels at the ring, thoughtful. But then checks his read-outs. Victoria knows what he's looking for. VICTORIA
21) 1) text: Check your seven. Jack touches his controls and the Bubbleship Canopy REVOLVES so Jack's facing away from the direction he's traveling in. Low on the HORIZON, the TET floats in the sky. It's setting, glows a dull orange, like a Harvest Moon. INTERCUT VICTORIA. She's leaning back in her command chair, her feet propped on the console, also staring out at the Tet. Strangely quiet. In Jack's face a curious mixture of nostalgia, and confusion... This small metal planet is his home. JACK
23) 0) text: Jack drops the last piece of his environment suit. He touches a button and warm water sprays down. Through the glass, he can see Victoria inside the Sky Tower. She nods at him, a tense welcome home. He nods back. There is no privacy in the Sky Tower. (CONTINUED)    
23) 2) text: As the glass walls go opaque with steam, he closes his eyes, the water running over his face. POPS OF MEMORIES go through his imagination: SKY TOWER. Early in their tour, Victoria girlishly jumps on the sofa with a pint of ice cream, laughing. BEDROOM. Also early. Jack watches Victoria sleep, brushes hair from her face, affectionate... And the memory... SEEMS TO DISTORT. Suddenly becoming: THE NEW YORK SKYLINE, seen through a cheap telescope. Jack, pulling away from the telescope, happy, turning to... A BRUNETTE WOMAN, staring back at him. Jack STARTS, snapping out of the memory.
24) 0) text: Rows and rows of shelves, mainly empty now. Jack and Victoria have gone through almost all of what they needed for a 5-year tour. Jack grabs a container of water.
25) 0) text: Jack starts to hang up his workman's suit, pauses to stare at the photo of a younger him and Victoria on the Tet. They look so eager, so innocent. He shifts slightly to where he can see out to the Tet itself, sinking below the horizon.
27) 0) text: We finally see the whole thing. It couldn't be more comfortable, although it continually vibrates in the wind: VICTORIA is sitting, reading her own work notes. In the background, Chaplin's "Modern Times" plays silently on a large screen. JACK goes up behind her and kisses her on the head. VICTORIA
27) 2) text: No. I'm not supposed to bring them in the house. He's right. He exchanges his water for a glass of something stronger, and goes and sits down. VICTORIA
27) 4) text: You're right. VICTORIA
27) 5) text: Then you can't just -- Jack leaps up, only to return a second later with a small bundle held together by an old rag. He hands it to her, pleased, watching her reaction. She opens it to reveal a small GREEN SEEDLING in a pocket of fresh, rich soil. Her eyes play over it... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
27) 10) text: Was that really necessary? VICTORIA
27) 11) text: I know you think I'm a stickler for the rules, but you have no idea what sort of toxins could be in something like that. He chuckles... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
27) 13) text: It was just a plant, Victoria. VICTORIA
27) 14) text: That's not the point. We have two more months and the last thing we need is you putting it all at risk. He shakes his head, grimaces as he limps away. VICTORIA (CONT'D) (CONCERNED)
27) 15) text: You're hurt. What happened? He admits it with a glance, offers no explanation. She comes over to him, examines the wound professionally. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
27) 20) text: Hit me. She activates the wand, shines ultra violet light onto the substance. A beat, then he BENDS OVER in pain. Through the healant we see the FLESH begin to knit and repair. Skin and sinew literally regenerating... to new. VICTORIA (AFFECTIONATE)
28) 0) text: Wine is involved, candles. Victoria is mellower, much. This is a couple who knows each other's differences and admires them. This isn't an argument. VICTORIA
28) 2) text: Look, they trained me to fix drones. That's my job, I get that. But it's not what I am. I can't simply do the same thing over and over again, every day, with that... world down there. (toasts the sky) And if mission has a better Drone tech, they can get him to baby- sit. He gets up, tries out his leg. Stiff, but healed. VICTORIA
28) 6) text: So forgive me if I want to enjoy it a little before the end. VICTORIA
28) 9) text: Actually, it was like they were trying to... catch me. (trying to joke) Guess I look tasty. He goes over to her, puts his arms around her. VICTORIA
28) 10) text: Please be careful. If they get to you, what happens to me? JACK puts a finger to her lips, then kisses her. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
28) 11) text: Answer the question. Jack considers this. Then he pulls his shirt off over his head. For sex? VICTORIA (CONT'D) (PLEADING)
29) 0) text: Talk about an infinity pool. The pool is miles in the sky, with a glass bottom. The cold wind is constant overhead but heaters flare with the changes in temperature, compensating. Jack glides graceful underwater, his nude form silhouetted against the roiling dark clouds below. He surfaces near Victoria, who's stayed dressed on the edge with a glass of wine. (CONTINUED)    
29) 2) text: He kisses her, steals a sip of her wine, then pushes back into the water, looking up at the stars, the streaming moon-rubble above. VICTORIA
29) 5) text: It's not so bad down here. They certainly don't have anything like this. VICTORIA
29) 9) text: But then you realize, there are some things that were never supposed to happen in zero G. VICTORIA
29) 15) text: Here, let me show you... He reaches up PULLS her into the pool. She screams, laughing as she goes in. She surfaces, pulling her soaking shirt over her head and tossing it to the side. VICTORIA
29) 16) text: I should have seen that coming. Jack smiles, then takes a breath and goes under. He floats face-down, staring through the bottom of the pool into the lightening-stung clouds below... .and then Victoria's form glides underneath him, looking up at him, smiling. She stops moving and her body rises towards his. He opens his arms, and she floats up and against him. They embrace, kiss... Two bodies, intertwined underwater, a thousand feet above a roiling thunderstorm. Their lips part, he pulls back to look at her ... But it's the BRUNETTE WOMAN who stares back at him!!
30) 0) text: Jack wakes, breathless, troubled. He doesn't know this woman who invades his dreams... Next to him, Victoria lies asleep, curled in the sheets. Shaken, he quietly gets up, grabs clothes... and goes where he goes when Victoria is asleep...
35) 0) text: Victoria works in her GARDEN. She grows perfect, blemishless ROSES. The roof is open to the sky. Victoria makes a small depression in the earth, taps three seeds out of a labeled envelope. (CONTINUED)     27 CONTINUED:
35) 1) text: JACK comes through, kisses her. Then moves off towards his work. VICTORIA
35) 3) text: .Then what would you say in your report? Victoria looks away, stuck. JACK (CONT'D)
36) 2) text: What say we have a little fun today, Bob? The Bobblehead vibrates along with the engines. INTERCUT VICTORIA putting on her headset.
36) 4) text: Just thinking I'd take Bob manual for the dust-off. Feeling the need. (CONTINUED)     28 CONTINUED: VICTORIA
37) 0) text: VICTORIA stares out from her windows above the clouds. VICTORIA (TO HERSELF)
37) 1) text: I love you. He waves, blows the chocks. The WIND whipping off the tops of the clouds instantly grabs the ship, HURTLES it into the void. WITH JACK, just letting the wind twist him and the ship in freefall. Loving this feeling. Victoria. turns professionally to her console. THE TET SYMBOL ON THE SCREEN, the COUNT DOWN TO TET-RISE. She opens video streams, loses herself in her work. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
37) 4) text: You're welcome... Victoria takes a sip of coffee, turns to another task, when again a BLIP on her map pulls Victoria's attention back. That signal, radiating near Jack's position. She swipes up a grid, intensifies her sensors... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
37) 10) text: Send it over. I'll check it out. Victoria hesitates... hits a key. VICTORIA
39) 3) text: He notices an old PAY TELESCOPE next to him, bent and rusted. He puts his eyes to the lenses. Nothing. Black. He STARES at the 25-cent slot on top, lost in a deep sense of Deja-Vu... VICTORIA
41) 0) text: At the bubbleship, Jack watches the frequency analysis of the signal play on his heads-up. He touches the screen and the signal goes quiet. VICTORIA
41) 2) text: It's an old radio system. It's been reactivated. VICTORIA
41) 6) text: It's the Empire State -- VICTORIA
42) 3) text: Yeah, I may have seen another drone trap... INTERCUT VICTORIA
42) 4) text: She checks her map. Jack's Bubbleship is headed straight at a large red swath of territory marked out, toxic radiation levels constantly monitored. A small ALARM goes off in the Bubbleship cabin. VICTORIA
42) 7) text: It's okay -- VICTORIA (SERIOUS)
42) 9) text: -- will cook me from the inside before I know it. Don't worry, I'm still more than five clicks from the beacons... IN THE BUBBLESHIP. A BIGGER ALARM goes off, Red skull- and-crossbones flash across the heads-up. Jack DIVES the ship, down over huge rocky outcroppings. Jack, intent on piloting. Static. Some GARBLED SOUNDS. Victoria's voice barely coming through. VICTORIA
43) 0) text: Victoria stares at the screen, static hiss low and empty. It's not the first time he's done this, but she hates it every time. VICTORIA
43) 1) text: Jack...? Victoria works the panel, upping signal, boosting reception. The static is again MIXED WITH GARBLED SOUNDS. She listens, confused, ups the volume... BLIP! That signal from the Empire State starts again. This time it LOCKS ON, a loud and continuous electronic pattern.    
46) 0) text: ON VICTORIA, stuck with the audio signal playing. She moves the Tet Comm, hesitates. Then keys the control. VICTORIA
46) 1) text: Mission, this is Lieutenant Victoria Kohl, requesting a link. I may have a situation... A beat while the connection is made, then...
46) 3) text: What is your situation? VICTORIA
46) 14) text: Will communicate findings on next Tet cycle. Understood. Victoria clocks off. Stares at the border area on the map where she last saw Jack. A KLAXON goes off in her workspace. Victoria STARTS. For the first time she seems confused as she works the console. She can't immediately figure it out... Suddenly she brings up a WIDE SCAN for tracking the Tet, The whole Eastern Coast of the continent. And something is closing, coming over the poles, FAST. ON VICTORIA...
47) 1) text: So, um... Victoria. The ROVER shifts, confused. JACK (CONT'D)
48) 0) text: ---- AN ELEVATOR. It climbs a gantry towards a SHUTTLE. POV looks over, sees a YOUNGER VICTORIA, who smiles back, nervous... -- A GLASS CARAPACE. A WOMAN'S FACE inside. The same Brunette woman. Her eyes open, she SMILES WITH LOVE... .then SCREAMING! JACK'S POV SPINS as A SCAV looms through ORANGE LIGHT and DUST, snarling with its electronic squeal... WOMAN'S VOICE
49) 1) text: Vika? Vika, did you get that? An object hit near here. A ship. VICTORIA
49) 2) text: Where the hell have you been? Jack's silent, not wanting to lie. INTERCUT VICTORIA, looking at streaming info from TET. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
49) 4) text: I saw it through optics in the last minute. I'm not sure it was alien. VICTORIA
49) 6) text: The Drones'll kill anything that moves. VICTORIA
49) 7) text: Just for once wait for your orders on this one, Jack. This is serious. Jack is silent, unsure. The crash site growing closer... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
49) 9) text: Vika... VICTORIA
50) 0) text: Victoria STARES at her Comm. This has never happened.
52) 1) text: I'm here, and it's definitely one of ours. VICTORIA
54) 0) text: Victoria stares at her screens, perhaps for the first time in her life, frozen. Jack's voice blares over speakers. JACK
54) 1) text: There are people here, and they're killing them! Victoria opens her mouth to respond. She can't.
55) 1) text: Get out of here! Go away! Get! A moment of insane bravado, Jack un-shoulders his weapon, strafes the Drone with gunfire which knocks it back. It re-centers, weapons chugging with energy. INTERCUT VICTORIA. Staring at the feeds. A screen catching a half-image of Jack firing at the Drone. She's absolutely still, holding her breath... Jack stares at the Drone, at certain death. JACK (CONT'D)
57) 0) text: The WIND is wild and brutal. As the Bubbleship touches down, CLAMPS snap on the landing skids. Jack is in motion, bursting out of the ship. He glances up. Victoria stands behind the glass of the Sky Tower living room, staring at him. THUNK. He releases the armature. HAULS the Pod with him towards the house. HAMMERS ON THE GLASS. JACK
57) 1) text: Open it! Victoria obeys, opens the glass doors. WIND fills the living room as Jack hauls the Pod in. Then Victoria touches a control and the walls SEAL. (CONTINUED)    
57) 3) text: The drones tried to kill her. They destroyed the other survivors. VICTORIA (RATIONALIZING)
57) 5) text: She came off a NASA shuttle. The drones were specifically targeting the pods -- VICTORIA
57) 7) text: Protocol? Protocol?! Who's the machinery now, Victoria? VICTORIA stares at him. Then retreats from the question into the task at hand. She kneels by the Pod. VICTORIA
57) 8) text: Go get the cutter, and a breather, and my big bag. Now. The Pod's been damaged, she's not doing well, let's get her out of there. Jack moves. Victoria, almost holds back, but... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
57) 10) text: I know it does. And when we report it, we'll also report that drones slaughtered the other human survivors from one of our ships. See what they make of that. He goes for the equipment. Victoria stares at the woman's face, deeply unsettled... Jack returns with Victoria's bag, and firing up a CUTTER. (CONTINUED)    
57) 12) text: Right there, be careful... Jack directs the blue arc towards a seal. The Pod depressurizes with a sudden exhale of dead air. Jack pulls back the pod door. Inside, the woman lies in a gauzy sleep suit. Her hair is matted. Her body looks frail, her skin translucent, veins dark, lips blue, like a drowning victim. Vika pulls her feeding tube, takes her pulse, checks her eyes, lifting the lids. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
57) 13) text: Lift her up, we have to get some air into her. JACK gets his arms around the woman, pulling her upwards. FLUID seeps from her mouth... And suddenly she's ALIVE, COUGHING, spewing fluid across Jack and the floor. He sets her down as she painfully wretches, then SUCKS IN AIR. Her eyes flutter open. She's suddenly violently ill again. Instinctively, Jack goes to hold her -- VICTORIA (CONT'D) (PROFESSIONAL)
57) 16) text: .Jack. Victoria gives a sharp look at Jack. He's stunned. Now completely exhausted, the woman SLUMPS into unconsciousness. Jack catches her. Victoria comes close, slides an oxygen breather mask over her face. (CONTINUED)    
58) 0) text: A bizarre and almost beautiful tableau: ALL THREE together under the water, Jack holding the unconscious Woman like a child. The warm water spraying over their three forms, soaking the woman's gauzy suit which clings to her body. Water running across Jack and Victoria's faces, their open eyes, locked on each other. The water finally stops. VICTORIA
58) 2) text: I know. VICTORIA
58) 4) text: I know. The glass door slides open behind them. Neither move. VICTORIA
59) 0) text: The WOMAN lies in a bed. VICTORIA checks her readouts, adjusts her UV drip. She glances over her and realizes that the woman's eyes are open, staring at her. Beat. Victoria turns, offers the woman some water. VICTORIA
59) 3) text: What about the others? How did you get out? VICTORIA
59) 5) text: .Julia. Julia. The woman, JULIA, sinks back down, exhausted. VICTORIA
59) 7) text: How long...? VICTORIA
59) 9) text: Where's Jack...? Julia STARTS. Looks down at her arm where Victoria has just slid a needle under her skin. She stares at her, almost afraid. Victoria depresses the plunger. VICTORIA
62) 0) text: Victoria is very subdued, poking at food. Both very aware of the woman sleeping in the infirmary. VICTORIA
62) 1) text: Tomorrow, I'll report that we have her. Jack nods, but won't look at her. Deep in thought. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
62) 4) text: It's a Greek funeral vase. Which I want my ashes in, incidentally. Victoria collects the dishes, heads for the kitchen. JACK (CONT'D)
62) 5) text: I just think we need to know why. VICTORIA
64) 0) text: Victoria sets dishes in a dishwasher. She stops. She can see Jack in the Infirmary, staring at Julia.
65) 0) text: DRONE 166 sits in its hub, repaired. Jack replaces a panel, moves to a laptop and activates the drone. It POWERS UP, rising fast, bringing its canons around. We should be afraid, very afraid, that something is wrong with it. It SCANS Jack, as menacing as ever. But something's changed in Jack. He just stares back at it. Beat. Then the DRONE FIRES itself off into the black clouds, disappearing towards the earth below. Jack stares after it; then he turns, looks across empty space to the underside of the glass pool. Victoria has just dived in. She swims laps, kicking hard, bubblestreams peeling across her body. Exercise, not pleasure.
66) 0) text: Jack stands at the end of the pool, watches Victoria stoke powerfully towards him. She sees him as she reaches the edge, stops, looking up at him. This is important, something Jack's been wanting to say for a long time: JACK
66) 6) text: When our time is up next month. I want to put in for one more tour. Victoria pushes off from the side, drifts back... JACK (CONT'D)
66) 7) text: It's almost all gone, Victoria. I want to be here for the end. She turns, resumes swimming laps. Hard, driving through the water. He watches her for a moment, then turns away.
67) 0) text: Victoria comes in from the pool. She can see Jack in the bedroom, sitting on the bed, his back to her. She moves into the Infirmary, moves to Julia and checks her IV drip. She starts to adjust it, stops. She stares down at Julia.
68) 0) text: Victoria comes in from the infirmary. She opens a closet, changes into a night shirt. JACK VIKA --
68) 1) text: She turns and grabs him, desperate. VICTORIA
68) 4) text: She holds his face, kisses him, willing him to want her as desperately. VICTORIA (CONT'D)
68) 6) text: I don't know if it is or not, Victoria. I can't remember. She starts to reply... has nothing. Shakes her head. She grabs blankets and pulls them around herself, her back to him, her eyes open, scared. Jack also lies down, staring upwards. And then Jack asks the 64,000 dollar QUESTION: JACK (CONT'D)
68) 7) text: Do you remember her? Victoria doesn't move. Stares straight out.
69) 0) text: WIND shakes the SKYTOWER, and the clouds boil beneath it. Jack and Victoria sleep next to each other. In the infirmary, Julia sleeps alone. A machine "beeps."
71) 0) text: Jack's eyes open. That dream again. Victoria's still asleep next to him. He rises out of bed...
72) 21) text: In a few hours, the Tet will come online. Victoria will report your rescue and I imagine they'll send someone down for you. JULIA
73) 0) text: JACK and JULIA are suited up, ready to go. The Tetis still low and far on the dark horizon, silhouetted bythe first signs of sunlight growing in the East... The Bubbleship's ENGINES start up with their distinctive whine. As they head towards the ship, Victoria comes out from the house, a robe pulled on... VICTORIA
73) 2) text: I'll bring her back before Tet- Rise. We just want to try to find the flight recorder. You can't know everything watching from a mile up. VICTORIA
73) 3) text: She shouldn't be -- Julia turns on Victoria, quickly. JULIA
73) 5) text: She's the flight officer, she wants. to see the wreck of her ship and secure items there. You'd want to do the same thing. VICTORIA
73) 8) text: Don't worry, we'll be back before you have to make your report. VICTORIA
74) 0) text: Jack pulls the ship out of its dive, sets course across the altered earth. Julia is STARING down, a little afraid, but darkly fascinated... Victoria's voice cuts through on the Comm. VICTORIA
75) 0) text: Victoria STARES at the dead Comm. A moment, then she SLAMS the panel with her fists. She backs off, staring at the panel.
78) 0) text: Victoria sits at her workstation, upset. She's got the Bubbleship up on the map, its cam feed on display.
80) 0) text: Victoria has tried to ignore the cam feeds, working on other things. She glances over, then away just as a FORM passes by one of the cam feeds! Victoria checks another readout, glances back as TWO MORE FORMS pass by the camera. Glimpses of metal and fur... VICTORIA
80) 5) text: I'm sorry. INTERCUT: Victoria watches as MORE AND MORE Alien figures pass the camera feed. Moving towards Jack and Julia's position. Victoria, HELPLESS. Julia looks up at Jack, directly for the first time. He stares at her... JACK (CONT'D)
81) 0) text: VICTORIA stares at image of the wreck growing SMALLER as the Bubbleship rises. VICTORIA
83) 0) text: Victoria hears the SOUND OF THE BUBBLESHIP, arriving. She rushes to the glass of the Sky Tower, sees the Bubbleship, docking itself. Auto pilot. No one inside.
87) 0) text: VICTORIA is communicating with the Tet. She has been crying, sick with worry. VICTORIA
87) 6) text: The Scavs took him. I witnessed it. He has a... A beat. Victoria experiencing jealousy she didn't fully understand before... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
90) 0) text: Vika is on a tear, working hard. Unable to reach Jack, she's looking for any clue, anything to help find him. To that end she's replaying the recordings of her last transmission from the Bubbleship. We hear her last PLEADING: VICTORIA'S VOICE
90) 1) text: Jack! Jack! There's something coming your way. JACK!!!! Victoria LISTENS, chilled. She hits REWIND, then PLAY: JACK'S VOICE
90) 2) text: .It'll be fine. Trust me. VICTORIA'S VOICE
90) 4) text: I'll be home for breakfast. Alone in the Sky Tower, this hits Victoria hard. REWIND. Victoria STARES at the counter, letting it go further back. Then, PLAY. Just STATIC. Then we hear Victoria's end of a conversation we already witnessed:
90) 8) text: What are you doing out there so far, Jack? Then the static for a moment filled with GARBLED SOUNDS. Victoria hits STOP. She stares. Makes an adjustment, plays the SOUNDS again. Something drawing her in...
91) 18) text: You and Victoria. We were all on the Odyssey. We were supposed to make contact... JACK
93) 0) text: Victoria is working hard, intent on deciphering the sound. She doesn't notice the image of Raven Rock appear on a side monitor, transmitted from the ROVER.
98) 0) text: Victoria is hard at work, processing the sound that caught her attention. She has it playing through the whole sky tower: The SOUNDS are broken, static-like, almost ALIEN. Strange and guttural. Fingers fly over controls, making adjustments. This time the sounds parse into WORDS. A male and a female voice. Almost apprehensive, she pulls an electronic filter, overlays it on the signal, which suddenly drops into perfect clarit : A recording of Jack and Victoria, from a different patrol. VICTORIA'S VOICE (LAUGHING)
98) 2) text: I don't think they'll have those on Mars, Honey. VICTORIA'S VOICE
98) 4) text: Yes. When we get there. ON VICTORIA. Her face totally still. Strangely frozen in the face of this sweet little exchange... (CONTINUED)    
99) 20) text: INTERCUT: VICTORIA. Eager to find out where the Bubbleship is headed, she punches up the live feed. Julia comes close, puts a hand out, rests it on his chest. She moves closer to him, searching his eyes. JULIA (CONT'D)
99) 21) text: Don't you remember what happened here? INTERCUT: The Bubbleship now moving UP the waterfall. Victoria, leaning forward, watching the feeds... Julia takes one of his hands, places it around her waist. Moves closer still... JACK
102) 0) text: Victoria stares at the screen, the image of Jack kissing Julia, then breaking away. She's strangely cold, like there's simply nothing left to feel...
104) 0) text: Victoria is still motionless. She hears Jack's calls on the Comm, does nothing. JACK'S VOICE
104) 1) text: .I'm 20 minutes out. A TONE makes Victoria look over. The Tet, checking in. (CONTINUED)    
104) 8) text: No. A long painful silence. Tears flow without sobs. Tet Comm Status: "COMMUNICATION ENDED." Victoria. pushes away from the console, numb. As she leaves the room, we STAY on the console... which suddenly comes alive. Readouts go active, data history starts to play. The Tet is accessing everything. Visual and Voice recordings blaze by. Images, everything the Bubbleship has seen. We see the image of Raven Rock sent from the ROVER.
105) 0) text: Victoria enters the Sky Tower, staring at it as if it was all alien to her. As she moves through, she unzips her jumpsuit, steps out of it, moves on. Her shirt, then bra, land on the floor. She moves on...
107) 0) text: Jack comes out near the garden. It's been ripped to shreds. What plants are left lie uprooted and broken. Flowers strewn about. PETALS float off the side of the sky tower and down into the clouds. VICTORIA stands near the far edge, looking out. She's no longer in her jumpsuit. She wears a beautiful flowing dress which waves in the wind. Her hair is free. JACK
107) 1) text: Vika... the Scavs. They're humans, like us. The war has become some giant... mistake. She turns. The heartbreak in her face clear. VICTORIA
107) 2) text: I saw you. I saw you two. JACK SHE'S -- VICTORIA
107) 3) text: (shaking her head) Stay away from me with the truth! I don't want the truth. I preferred oblivion. Victoria looks up, sees Julia in the distance... VICTORIA (CONT'D)
107) 5) text: (broken for her) Vika, she was my wife. She looks at the infinite sky, the clouds, and as the TET appears... He steps towards her and she backs towards the edge. VICTORIA
107) 9) text: Then come with me. (she shakes no) Don't you see what it means? There are still people, living on Earth. Surviving on earth. People like us. Victoria hears that and laughs, bitter. JACK (CONT'D)
107) 10) text: Vika? Her laughter dies. She looks at him, strangely calm, beautiful in this moment. VICTORIA
107) 11) text: Oh, Jack. I think they made us. Victoria steps backwards. Jack LUNGES forward. JACK NOOO1
107) 12) text: PETALS are falling towards us from the skytower, and then, so is VICTORIA.
108) 0) text: Jack stares after Victoria for one terrible beat, then falls to his knees. Not yet feeling, in shock. Julia approaches, slowly... He turns at her so fast she's afraid and steps back but he blows right by her, into
109) 0) text: Jack enters Victoria's station. Trespassing in a space that doesn't belong to him. His eyes play over the room: A cup of coffee, now cold. A jacket on the back of her chair. On a monitor, a wavelength plays silently. The signal she descrambled. He looks at the Tet Communication Device. We realize he's never spoken directly to the Tet before. (CONTINUED)     81 CONTINUED: JACK
118) 5) text: No! Wait! The Repairman hears the voice, even as he flips the switch. He LEAPS BACK, spinning around, his carbine coming off his back, lined on Jack fifteen feet away who STARES BACK AT HIM IN UTTER ASTONISHMENT. JACK'S POV -- THE REPAIRMAN. Holding the weapon on him. The man is Jack. A cleaner, newer, but identical version of Jack... A CLONE. Jack stares, transfixed. Now it all makes sense: The Garbled transmissions, Victoria's last words, who or what he really is, and is not. Not so for Jack 2. He takes a step back, confused, horrified. A tense moment. JULIA'S VOICE
121) 0) text: A woman we know but do not know is starting her new garden. VICTORIA 2. She looks happier, a little younger and more radiant than the Victoria we knew. It's earlier in their tour. Victoria 2 looks up as the Bubbleship lands. SMILES as Jack gets out and crosses the bridge towards her. VICTORIA 2
121) 2) text: As he approaches she notices his damaged environmental suit. VICTORIA 2 (CONT'D)
121) 4) text: .Just a bit of a dust up. VICTORIA 2
121) 5) text: Are you all right? He nods. She comes over to him. He marvels at her beauty, the simplicity of life here... VICTORIA 2 (CONT'D) (SELF-CONSCIOUS)
121) 6) text: .What? She comes close, brushes his hair away from his forehead. VICTORIA 2 (CONT'D)
121) 8) text: I cut myself, I just came by for... VICTORIA 2
124) 0) text: He opens the door to the locker. Stares at the brand- new, unworn picture of he and Victoria, taped to the inside of the door.
125) 0) text: Jack comes out into the living area of Sky Tower 2, noticing everything: The furniture, the big things are exactly the same, but the little personal touches, the smaller details are different. He sees it all in a different light now. Things that he never looked twice at before. The items used to keep them from the truth. Victoria 2 comes in from outside, washes her hands. VICTORIA 2
125) 1) text: We should watch a movie tonight. He sits, looking around himself. He belongs here. He fits here. Victoria munches on something. VICTORIA 2 (CONT'D)
126) 0) text: Jack stares down as the Bubbleship LIFTS OFF from Sky Tower 2. He sees Victoria 2 come out, looking at him puzzled. Then she moves towards her Control Station. After a moment, her voice comes over the Comm. VICTORIA 2
143) 0) text: The ORIGINAL JACK in the Pilot's seat, ORIGINAL VICTORIA next to him, co-piloting. Jack GRINS as he peers out at the Tet, just a small geometry among the stars... ORIGINAL JACK
143) 1) text: (to Mission Control) So far, from this distance, we're still reading zero heat signatures, no sign of organic life. Did I mention we're still really far away? ORIGINAL VICTORIA
143) 3) text: Yes, because everyone knows, if you want to really know something, one hundred kilometers is the best DISTANCE -- ORIGINAL VICTORIA
144) 12) text: Which is why we need to make contact, before it just blows on by like some... ORIGINAL VICTORIA
146) 0) text: They must have been given clearance to approach, because the Tet now FILLS the view in front of them. ORIGINAL VICTORIA
146) 3) text: This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. ORIGINAL VICTORIA
146) 5) text: We are. We're going to let it proceed whereever it's going... He lifts out of his seat, floats back towards the mid- section of the Shuttle. ORIGINAL VICTORIA
152) 2) text: ROW UPON ROW of EMPTY GLASS PODS. He tracks the walls, until near him... there are a dozen with Jack and Victoria clones still inside. BEHIND HIM Drones BLAST away from behind the Bubbleship. Jack stares at the clones, LAUGHS morbidly. JACK