2) 92) dialog: Really? And which are the lucky young ladies? GARETH is about to explain that isn't exactly what he mea when MATTHEW interrupts.
2) 102) dialog: Well, quite. SCARLETT has no real sense of what is the right or the wr thing to say at any given time. 7. NT. _B; . ‘CEPTION. DAY. 27. The barn is decked out with beams and flowers and ribbons full of tables, with a long table at the end on a slightl raised dais. Expensive, but with a nice homey feeling to The family are upper middle class: there are lots of gues wearing dark suits, not wedding coats - and there are lot flower pattern dresses. Throughout the reception, the background action is full o business of weddings: pairs of old people standing saying nothing - old person taiking to young person and yawning people burning fingers on little sausages - children figh and pulling table cloths and skirts down. CUT To: OUR GROUP, in their wedding coats and frocks, ready for t fray ~ a wedding Magnificent Seven (actually 8). They sta by a large, proud flower arrangement. . 14
2) 154) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen - dinner is served. A quick shot from above shows people moving around and to tables.
2) 179) dialog: Thank you Charles. Now please, everyone, do just enjoy yourselves - we trust there will be dancing till dawn. Twist away! CHARLES turns to the OLD MAN.
4) 22) dialog: In the name of the Father and of The ‘Son and of The Holy Spirit.
4) 24) dialog: Let us pray. Father - you have made the bond of marriage a holy misery, mystery, a symbol of Christ's love for his Church. Hear our prayers for Bernard and Lydia, through our son, Jesus Christ, your Lord - sorry, your son Jesus Christ our lord, who lives and reigns with you and.the Holy Goose, Ghost, one God for ever and ever. Amen.
4) 29) dialog: that I know not of impediment
4) 31) dialog: Why I, Lydia
4) 33) dialog: any lawful any lawful Sorry - why I Bernard Godfrey Saint John Delaney...
4) 36) dialog: may not be joined in matrimony to Lydia John Hibbott
4) 38) dialog: Lydia repeat after solemnly declare
4) 40) dialog: that I know not of impediment me... I do any lawful
4) 43) dialog: why I Lydia Jane Hibbott
4) 45) dialog: may not be johned in marriage
4) 47) dialog: to Bernard Geoffrey SaintJohn Delaney (just tries saying it faster)
4) 49) dialog: I call upon those persons here present to witness
4) 51) dialog: that I, (pause) Bernard... Delaney Both CHARLES and CARRIE laugh
4) 53) dialog: do take thee Lydia Jane Hibbott
4) 55) dialog: to be my awful wedded wife
4) 58) dialog: That's right.
4) 60) dialog: May Almighty God bless you all, the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit.
4) 62) dialog: Go in peace to love and save the Lord, sorry, serve hin.
4) 64) dialog: We will now have the signing of the register.
4) 128) dialog: Did you think so? I thought I cocked it up a little.
4) 262) dialog: Not really.
5) 120) dialog: 