0) 0) text: A WEDDING COAT hangs on the door of an old wooden wardrob The wardrobe is in a bedroom. The bedroom is white, and t There is ornate plaster work on the ceiling, but at groun level, clothes are thrown about on a minimum of furniture CHARLES is asleep. His alarm clock goes off. His hand swe up and switches it off. He stays asleep. 2. INT. TOM'S B OOM. TOM & FIONA'S HOUSE. DAY. . Another alarm clock is ringing - TOM sits bolt upright in pyjamas. He is a very high spirited, very affectionate an very stupid aristocrat. He reaches for a shirt and tie, w the tie already tied round the neck, and the shirt three- quarters buttoned - in one movement, he slips them on together, like a late school boy. 3. INT. KITCHEN. & GARETH'S HOUS DAY. 3. MATTHEW in a very elegant nightgown, making a pot of tea. is 33, clean shaven and very intelligent with a very kind face.
1) 0) text: CHARLES is fast asleep. 5. INT. FIONA'S BEDROOM. & FIONA'S HOUSE. DAY. S. FIONA is tall, attractive, intelligent, aristocratic, 33. Tom's sister and his utter opposite. She holds up two dre - she puts one in front of her and looks in the mirror - a disapproving face - then holds up the other - pulls a f at that too - she doesn't like either of them. 6 INT. BEDROOM. TT! & GARETH'S HOUSE. Y. 6. MATTHEW is buttoning up his detached collar. He wears wed trousers, braces, a white shirt. At which moment GARETH passes behind him. He is about 45 - overweight, bearded, rosy cheeks and disposition. At this moment he is wearing absolutely nothing.
2) 1) text: 2 8. INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR. TOM & FIONA'S HOUS DAY. 8. TOM now fully dressed in his wedding coat. He emerges fro his bedroom door. Emerging from the door on the opposite of the corridor is BERNARD, his best friend, also in his wedding gear. It is a rather grand, beautifully decorated big house in Square. TOM knocks on FIONA's bedroom door - she wears a third dress. They're completely ready. 9 ‘LES 'S_ BEDROOM. LES _& SC. ‘S HOUSE.DAY. 9. CHARLES, rolling over, smiling, still fast asleep. 10. EXT. TTHEW & GAR: 'S HOUSE. DAY. 10. FIONA, TOM and BERNARD pull up in their car outside Matth and Gareth's charming small brick house where MATTHEW and GARETH are waiting for them. It looks like a little count cottage but in the middle of a London suburban street. GA points to his watch, implying they're just a little late. is now wearing a luscious waistcoat portraying two naked golden cherubs, kissing across the buttons. Now DAVID wal coolly down the street towards them: he's about thirty, slender, very good looking. 11.INT. CHAR: 's B 00) S_& SCARLETT'S HOUSE. DAY A car horn blasts in the street and CHARLES.turns, and wa He reaches over sleepily, grabs his alarm clock and looks it.
2) 23) dialog: There is a sort of greatness in your lateness.
2) 36) dialog: Scarlett, you're blind. She looks like a big meringue. ANGUS smiles at CHARLES to share in the joy at his beauti bride. CHARLES smiles back, slightly nervously. cuT TO: The Couple as the VICAR starts the service.
2) 59) dialog: This is the sort of song that makes you cry, isn't it, Scarlett?
2) 68) dialog: Thank you Charles. kkRE
2) 72) dialog: Name's Carrie.
2) 74) dialog: American.
2) 76) dialog: Slut.
2) 79) dialog: Used to work at Vogue. Lives in America now - only goes out with very glamorous people - out of your league.
2) 84) dialog: Do you think I'd hate him as much if he wasn't my brother? God. I never know what to say in these wretched line-ups. .
2) 86) dialog: We can't do better than that?
2) 89) dialog: (So sincerely) You must be very proud.
2) 132) dialog: The thing I love about weddings is the crying children. They recruit each other in creches: "I'll take the sermon - could you fuck up the vows" What do you do?
2) 135) dialog: Like the first time you have sex.
2) 137) dialog: Though less messy, of course...and far less call for condoms.
3) 0) text: MATTHEW, SCARLETT, GARETH, TOM, DAVID, CHARLES and FIONA squeezed in together. All yelling except Charles, who is looking worried. .
4) 11) text: Thank the Lord (kisses Scarlett) Good luck, don't trip up and show everyone your botton. 45. INT. WEDDING 2. CATHOLIC C CH. DAY. 45. In one row are FIONA, MATTHEW, GARETH, DAVID. They've pol left a space for CHARLES. An OLD MAN heads up the aisle: CHARLES walks quickly after him...but it ain't fast enoug The OLD MAN just reaches the seat one second before CHARL
4) 78) dialog: 
4) 86) dialog: I thought your son looked very handsome.
4) 159) dialog: No.-
4) 163) dialog: Why do you say that?
4) 165) dialog: Good on you, I always assume middle- aged people are dull and totally the same - it's lovely to meet one who isn't.
4) 167) dialog: No, truth is, though, I have met the right man - unfortunately, he doesn't love me - and until I stop loving him, no-one else stands a chance.
7) 24) dialog: Fuck off, Tom.
7) 57) dialog: How was the Duck?
7) 77) dialog: No - but there's a charming man over there with no hair who I think might be a contender.
7) 102) text: 92 HAMISH (cont'd) flushed youth today - more I fear than can be said for the bridegroom. Everyone laughs. 80. SCOTTISH MANOR HOUSE. DRAWING ROOM. NIGHT. 80. This is the room they have moved Gareth to. It is huge an empty. There is a sharp contrast between the two rooms - one absolutely packed and full of laughter, the other still, with six small figures alone in a big space. We se GARETH's fabulous waistcoat being unbuttoned. FIONA, DAVID, CHARLES, TOM are there.
7) 120) dialog: If I speak with the tongues of men and angels, but have not love, I am become a sounding brass, or a clanging cymbal. And if I have the gift of prophecy, and know all mysteries and all knowledge; and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love - I am nothing. CUT TO CHARLES translating the last sentence for DAVID. They both know how true it is. 89 -_FUN: CHURCH. DISTRICT. DAY. 89. People are kissing and getting back into their cars. DAVI leaves CHARLES and walks away with SERENA. SCARLETT comes up to CHARLES.
7) 130) dialog: Walk, Charlie?
7) 132) dialog: You like that girl, don't you?
7) 134) dialog: O, really they're there for all to see. I've been in love with the same bloke for ages.
7) 137) dialog: (Very casually) You, Charles. It's always been you, since first we met, o so many years ago. He is sad, perplexed. She takes a puff on her cigarette.
7) 138) dialog: I knew the first. moment. Across the crowded room - or lawn, in fact. Pause for another puff. Doesn't matter. Nothing either of us can do on this one. Such is life. She looks straight at him. She's calm, glad to have said it. He looks out, still confused. Then turns and looks at her thoughtfully - she is calmly surveying the scene ahea Pause.
7) 139) dialog: "Friends" isn't bad, you know. Friends is quite something.
7) 141) dialog: No, but perhaps, you know, change the goalposts - look for something different - look for someone we can live with, rather than someone we adore.
7) 144) dialog: (Almost tenderly) No, come on, Tom. They get up and begin to stride.
7) 147) text: CHARLES looks for explanation. FIONA explains...
7) 148) dialog: Labrador.
7) 214) dialog: 
7) 216) dialog: You see that I am wearing black.
7) 219) dialog: But tomorrow, I'll be all the colours of the rainbow. Think I'll go find someone who fancies me for a change. She smiles - it is all right. TOM approaches in his forma capacity.
7) 221) dialog: O fuck off, Thomas. CUT TO: 5 minutes later The guests are starting to arrive. SCARLETT stands next t CHARLES. Then she screams. She has spied her tall American - she rushes up to him, and jumps up, with her legs around his waist.
8) 28) dialog: Poor girl.