0) 0) text: A WEDDING COAT hangs on the door of an old wooden wardrob The wardrobe is in a bedroom. The bedroom is white, and t There is ornate plaster work on the ceiling, but at groun level, clothes are thrown about on a minimum of furniture CHARLES is asleep. His alarm clock goes off. His hand swe up and switches it off. He stays asleep. 2. INT. TOM'S B OOM. TOM & FIONA'S HOUSE. DAY. . Another alarm clock is ringing - TOM sits bolt upright in pyjamas. He is a very high spirited, very affectionate an very stupid aristocrat. He reaches for a shirt and tie, w the tie already tied round the neck, and the shirt three- quarters buttoned - in one movement, he slips them on together, like a late school boy. 3. INT. KITCHEN. & GARETH'S HOUS DAY. 3. MATTHEW in a very elegant nightgown, making a pot of tea. is 33, clean shaven and very intelligent with a very kind face.
1) 0) text: CHARLES is fast asleep. 5. INT. FIONA'S BEDROOM. & FIONA'S HOUSE. DAY. S. FIONA is tall, attractive, intelligent, aristocratic, 33. Tom's sister and his utter opposite. She holds up two dre - she puts one in front of her and looks in the mirror - a disapproving face - then holds up the other - pulls a f at that too - she doesn't like either of them. 6 INT. BEDROOM. TT! & GARETH'S HOUSE. Y. 6. MATTHEW is buttoning up his detached collar. He wears wed trousers, braces, a white shirt. At which moment GARETH passes behind him. He is about 45 - overweight, bearded, rosy cheeks and disposition. At this moment he is wearing absolutely nothing.
2) 1) text: 2 8. INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR. TOM & FIONA'S HOUS DAY. 8. TOM now fully dressed in his wedding coat. He emerges fro his bedroom door. Emerging from the door on the opposite of the corridor is BERNARD, his best friend, also in his wedding gear. It is a rather grand, beautifully decorated big house in Square. TOM knocks on FIONA's bedroom door - she wears a third dress. They're completely ready. 9 ‘LES 'S_ BEDROOM. LES _& SC. ‘S HOUSE.DAY. 9. CHARLES, rolling over, smiling, still fast asleep. 10. EXT. TTHEW & GAR: 'S HOUSE. DAY. 10. FIONA, TOM and BERNARD pull up in their car outside Matth and Gareth's charming small brick house where MATTHEW and GARETH are waiting for them. It looks like a little count cottage but in the middle of a London suburban street. GA points to his watch, implying they're just a little late. is now wearing a luscious waistcoat portraying two naked golden cherubs, kissing across the buttons. Now DAVID wal coolly down the street towards them: he's about thirty, slender, very good looking. 11.INT. CHAR: 's B 00) S_& SCARLETT'S HOUSE. DAY A car horn blasts in the street and CHARLES.turns, and wa He reaches over sleepily, grabs his alarm clock and looks it.
2) 40) dialog: Great grandmother on the organ. That's nice.
2) 56) dialog: Good point.
2) 58) dialog: (Raising his head) oO, bravo.
2) 81) dialog: Right - reception? They all turn to go.
2) 85) dialog: 0, it's a cinch - just say the bride looked beautiful and isn't it a lovely day. To the side, we see TOM rub his foot violently against a of hay. Then another bale gently topples onto him.
2) 91) dialog: Quite superb - it's made Matthew and I think quite seriously about the possibility of getting married.
2) 94) dialog: Yes, the life of the air hostess is not an easy one. THE MOTHER OF THE BRIDE is a little over made-up
2) 104) dialog: Heads it's not one of us 5. Tails it's Tom. He spins a coin. GARETH (cont) It's Tom.
2) 106) dialog: Right - let's mingle. And remember - be careful - it's a jungle out : there. They all spread out through the party, like 8 errant knig
2) 111) dialog: Is that for me? Reaching for the spare glass.
2) 113) dialog: Thanks. I've spotted an ex. I'm going to be so amusing, ten minutes from now he will die of regret.
2) 159) dialog: Hello, I'm Gareth. I've .got an instant feeling we're going to be friends for life. kekK
2) 171) dialog: I would rather eat my father's testicles.
2) 229) dialog: I think the Castle beckons. Ton, are you sober?
2) 234) dialog: (almighty bass solo) When nights are sad and lonely...
3) 0) text: MATTHEW, SCARLETT, GARETH, TOM, DAVID, CHARLES and FIONA squeezed in together. All yelling except Charles, who is looking worried. .
4) 11) text: Thank the Lord (kisses Scarlett) Good luck, don't trip up and show everyone your botton. 45. INT. WEDDING 2. CATHOLIC C CH. DAY. 45. In one row are FIONA, MATTHEW, GARETH, DAVID. They've pol left a space for CHARLES. An OLD MAN heads up the aisle: CHARLES walks quickly after him...but it ain't fast enoug The OLD MAN just reaches the seat one second before CHARL
4) 89) dialog: 
4) 97) dialog: Dear me. Drink?
4) 105) dialog: ' Ah, that's better. Marriage: it's like the Masons isn't it. You can't ask to join the club. You just have ! to wait till true love knocks on your door and gives you the funny handshake. Then suddenly, there you are, saying 'I do'.
4) 108) dialog: Not a rule, though, is it - Prince Philip's a good-looking man, while on the other hand, the Queen... TOM passes by, looking busy about his duties.
4) 109) dialog: Ah Thomas, how's the speech?
4) 111) dialog: Excellent. TOM does a double thumbs up and heads on.
4) 114) dialog: Well, I'm better on men than women: for instance...him (very pretty boy) no chance, whereas him (old man) you could probably do hetter.
4) 116) dialog: Well, let's see. Her (a total beauty) I wouldn't get over optimistic
4) 119) dialog: Stay calm. I feel a funny handshake coming on - I'll make myself scarce, look I'm gone.
4) 124) dialog: Father: sublime service. Actually FATHER GERALD is talking to SCARLETT.
4) 144) dialog: Don't worry - let's have a look - I'm sure you'll be sitting next to “someone marvellous. They inspect the seating plan. They can't believe it.
4) 150) dialog: oO yes. It's months, isn't it, months to get it right. At his table are many of the friends... and CARRIE.
4) 151) dialog: Hello, I'm Gareth - and you look divine.
4) 153) dialog: This is Matthew, this is Fiona, this is Scarlett - they're my closest friends. OI think we're all going to be very happy together...
4) 190) text: Ahm...when Bernard told me he was ’ getting engaged to _ Lydia, I congratulated him because all his other girlfriends had been complete dogs - although, may I say how delighted we are to have so many of them here this evening. CHARLES shakes his head, GARETH is delighted.
4) 192) dialog: We had the most fabulous girl on our table - called Carrie-
4) 194) dialog: She asked us all round to dinner. Apparently her fiancee is terribly grand and owns half of Scotland. How were you?
4) 255) dialog: Yes. I suspect not technically true. Much cheering. LYDIA throws the bouquet. GARETH jumps for it enthusiastically, high above the rest. He catches it - and then graciously hands it to the first lady by his sid - it's CARRIE.
4) 256) dialog: Madan.
7) 13) dialog: What can one say - it's sodding Macbeth!
7) 22) dialog: Be that as it may - I want to set you a challenge - find husbands and wives. Weddings are the ideal time for it. Matthew and I are in a slightly special position, and we will try to entertain the Americans - but the rest of you - please - conjugate! I'd like to go to the wedding of someone I really loved for a change.
7) 27) dialog: A toast before we head into battle - to true love - in whatever shape or form it comes. May all of us in our dotage be proud to say " I was adored once too."
7) 29) dialog: Right - as David Bowie said so brilliantly before he went completely off the rails - "Let's dance!".
7) 33) text: 85 GARETH rubs his hands in glee - he's going to misbehave - we can see that MATTHEW actually loves this in him.
7) 73) dialog: Not personally, no - though I know someone who could get you his fax number.
7) 76) dialog: How's it going - any rings on any fingers?
7) 78) dialog: It's a bit of a nightmare out there - Matthew's trapped with an evangelist from Minnesota.
7) 80) dialog: Excellent. I love this girl. CHARLES looks up at GARETH - who shrugs his shoulders - h knows Charles's secret. CARRIE and HAMISH are at the end, on a sort of raised platform.
7) 93) text: 91 cuT TO: GARETH. He falls further, pulling a table cloth. A bottle falls and smashes as he tugs it. Then back...
7) 102) text: 92 HAMISH (cont'd) flushed youth today - more I fear than can be said for the bridegroom. Everyone laughs. 80. SCOTTISH MANOR HOUSE. DRAWING ROOM. NIGHT. 80. This is the room they have moved Gareth to. It is huge an empty. There is a sharp contrast between the two rooms - one absolutely packed and full of laughter, the other still, with six small figures alone in a big space. We se GARETH's fabulous waistcoat being unbuttoned. FIONA, DAVID, CHARLES, TOM are there.
7) 117) text: 95 MATTHEW (cont'd) tell me that you loved him - which I know he would have been thrilled to hear. Your remember his fabulous hospitality and his strange, experimental cooking - the recipe for Duck a la Banana fortunately goes with him to his grave. Most of all, you tell me of his enormous capacity for joy, and when joyful, for highly vocal drunkenness. His full bass version of "Shaddupa Ya Face" is something we will all, tragically, never forget. But I hope joyful is how you will remember hin. Not stuck in a box in a church. Pick your favourite of his waistcoats and then remember him that way: the most splendid, replete, gaudily dressed, weak- hearted as it turned out, and jolly bugger most of us ever met. As for me, you may ask how I will remember him, what I thought of hin, and, ‘unfortunately, there I fall rather short of words. Perhaps you'll forgive me if I turn for ny own feelings to the words of another splendid bugger, W.H.Auden... He recites a poem by Auden. At first he modestly reads it and then looks up and speaks it, not consulting the paper in front of him. Cut aways during the poem should include GARETH'S parents - it would be nice to feel they understa MATTHEW. This is actually what I want to say: "Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone. Prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone. Silence the pianos and with muffled drum Bring out the coffin, let the mourners come. Let aeroplanes circle moaning overhead Scribbling on the sky the message He is Dead, Put the crepe bows round the white necks of the public doves, Let the traffic policemen wear black cotton gloves. He was my North, my South, my East and West My working week and my Sunday rest My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song, I thought that love would last for ever: I was wrong. The stars are not wanted now: put out every one