2) 198) dialog: Bloody awful.
2) 200) dialog: I was promised sex - everyone said it - "You be a bridesmaid, you'll get sex. You'll be fighting them off". But not so much as tongue in sight - the amount I paid for this dress - and zero. Zilch. Doodle squat.
2) 202) dialog: O don't be ridiculous - I'm not that desperate. She gets up and goes. ———
2) 231) dialog: Bernard!
4) 10) dialog: No need - we're here. They turn the corner, and there in front of them is a glo shining beautiful Catholic London Church.
4) 27) text: 40 Bernard and Lydia - I shall now ask you if you freely undertake the obligations of marriage. Bernard, repeat after me... I do solemnly declare
4) 39) dialog: I do solemnly declare
4) 42) dialog: that I know not of any lawful impediment..
4) 44) dialog: why I Lydia Jane Hibbott..
4) 46) dialog: may not be joined in marriage
4) 48) dialog: to Bernard Geoffrey St John Delaney (perfect sinjohn once again) LYDIA and BERNARD now join their right hands.
4) 190) text: Ahm...when Bernard told me he was ’ getting engaged to _ Lydia, I congratulated him because all his other girlfriends had been complete dogs - although, may I say how delighted we are to have so many of them here this evening. CHARLES shakes his head, GARETH is delighted.
4) 212) dialog: Wait a minute, this is no fun! I want to see my lovely husband. The light goes on again. They are half undressed and CHARLES is stranded directly behind them: they do not see him. CUT IN: close on them, then pan around - and CHARLES has disappeared. The couple are now almost naked: The camera moves down to under the bed, where we expect CHARLES to b There seems to be nowhere else in the room where he could fit. Finally he emerges from a suitcase, as behind him the couple are having sex. He crawls towards a dressing table which has little curtains under it. He crawls between the - at last he is protected. He looks at his watch. This could be a long haul... 53. Lr HOTEL OOM. NIGHT 53. SCARLETT is under a table with her 8 year old fellow bridesmaid, FREDA. SCARLETT talks to her straight, as she does to everyone.
4) 227) dialog: And I love my husband. BERNARD sighs contentedly. Beneath his dressing table, CHARLES looks relieved.
4) 229) dialog: Yes. Or we could just wait a few minutes, and have another go. CHARLES shakes his head in intense disagreement.
7) 228) dialog: We've got a lovely gift for you.
7) 231) dialog: Honestly Bernard! (imitating her husband) "He always loved salad!" 99. INT. WEDDING 4. CHURCH. DAY. 99. MATTHEW with CHARLES's mad OLD MAN.