0) 0) text: A WEDDING COAT hangs on the door of an old wooden wardrob The wardrobe is in a bedroom. The bedroom is white, and t There is ornate plaster work on the ceiling, but at groun level, clothes are thrown about on a minimum of furniture CHARLES is asleep. His alarm clock goes off. His hand swe up and switches it off. He stays asleep. 2. INT. TOM'S B OOM. TOM & FIONA'S HOUSE. DAY. . Another alarm clock is ringing - TOM sits bolt upright in pyjamas. He is a very high spirited, very affectionate an very stupid aristocrat. He reaches for a shirt and tie, w the tie already tied round the neck, and the shirt three- quarters buttoned - in one movement, he slips them on together, like a late school boy. 3. INT. KITCHEN. & GARETH'S HOUS DAY. 3. MATTHEW in a very elegant nightgown, making a pot of tea. is 33, clean shaven and very intelligent with a very kind face.
1) 0) text: CHARLES is fast asleep. 5. INT. FIONA'S BEDROOM. & FIONA'S HOUSE. DAY. S. FIONA is tall, attractive, intelligent, aristocratic, 33. Tom's sister and his utter opposite. She holds up two dre - she puts one in front of her and looks in the mirror - a disapproving face - then holds up the other - pulls a f at that too - she doesn't like either of them. 6 INT. BEDROOM. TT! & GARETH'S HOUSE. Y. 6. MATTHEW is buttoning up his detached collar. He wears wed trousers, braces, a white shirt. At which moment GARETH passes behind him. He is about 45 - overweight, bearded, rosy cheeks and disposition. At this moment he is wearing absolutely nothing.
2) 1) text: 2 8. INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR. TOM & FIONA'S HOUS DAY. 8. TOM now fully dressed in his wedding coat. He emerges fro his bedroom door. Emerging from the door on the opposite of the corridor is BERNARD, his best friend, also in his wedding gear. It is a rather grand, beautifully decorated big house in Square. TOM knocks on FIONA's bedroom door - she wears a third dress. They're completely ready. 9 ‘LES 'S_ BEDROOM. LES _& SC. ‘S HOUSE.DAY. 9. CHARLES, rolling over, smiling, still fast asleep. 10. EXT. TTHEW & GAR: 'S HOUSE. DAY. 10. FIONA, TOM and BERNARD pull up in their car outside Matth and Gareth's charming small brick house where MATTHEW and GARETH are waiting for them. It looks like a little count cottage but in the middle of a London suburban street. GA points to his watch, implying they're just a little late. is now wearing a luscious waistcoat portraying two naked golden cherubs, kissing across the buttons. Now DAVID wal coolly down the street towards them: he's about thirty, slender, very good looking. 11.INT. CHAR: 's B 00) S_& SCARLETT'S HOUSE. DAY A car horn blasts in the street and CHARLES.turns, and wa He reaches over sleepily, grabs his alarm clock and looks it.
2) 41) dialog: Quiet. cuT INTO: The singing. CHARLES is trying to attract the attention o his friends, all in their row. Finally MATTHEW sees him - CHARLES manages to mime the problem. MATTHEW smacks his h in mock despair. CHARLES does a little plea. He needs hel MATTHEW whispers something in GARETH'S ear. GARETH holds his hands to reveal no ring. He in turn whispers to FIONA CUT THROUGH: Four pairs of ring-less hands.
2) 42) dialog: (Loud whispering) Scarlett? SCARLETT gives him a big innocent smile - she is the last resort.
2) 87) dialog: Traditionally, no. Unless you want to try "you must be very proud".
2) 93) dialog: Unfortunately they were busy.
2) 103) dialog: Right - synchronise watches - we meet back here in, shall we say - 6 hours time. Who's going to drive - i.e not drink?
2) 146) dialog: His name's David.
2) 149) dialog: The dishy one can't hear.
2) 151) dialog: Silent, but deadly attractive. A bang on the table.
2) 156) dialog: Hello, I'm Matthew. And this is David - he's deaf, which means he reads lips and understands everything you say. DAVID raises his hand politely - 'Hi'.
2) 188) dialog: I remember the first time I saw Gareth on the dance floor, I feared lives would be lost. GARETH now doing a Saturday Night Fever style dance. MATTHEW (cont) But actually he's surprisingly safe. SCARLETT is now dancing very badly indeed. Beside her is ten year old boy really getting down, then joined by GARE doing exactly the same Hi-energy dance. Beside them is CARRIE.
2) 189) dialog: Pretty girl, the one you can't keep your eyes off. Is it love at first sight? CHARLES is slightly thrown by Matthew's perception.
2) 191) dialog: If there are, they're not English.
3) 0) text: MATTHEW, SCARLETT, GARETH, TOM, DAVID, CHARLES and FIONA squeezed in together. All yelling except Charles, who is looking worried. .
4) 11) text: Thank the Lord (kisses Scarlett) Good luck, don't trip up and show everyone your botton. 45. INT. WEDDING 2. CATHOLIC C CH. DAY. 45. In one row are FIONA, MATTHEW, GARETH, DAVID. They've pol left a space for CHARLES. An OLD MAN heads up the aisle: CHARLES walks quickly after him...but it ain't fast enoug The OLD MAN just reaches the seat one second before CHARL
4) 74) dialog: oO thank you He moves on - and after shaking hands with the wife, gets the first father, Sir John Delaney
4) 75) dialog: (Very loud)
4) 83) dialog: Ir thought the Church looked exquisite.
4) 85) dialog: (worried) Yes. MATTHEW moves on. LORD HIBBOT looks angrily down the line at THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES. FIONA approaches.
4) 107) dialog: I'm not sure about 'random'.- I do think handsome boys tend to marry handsome girls..
4) 254) dialog: Excellent t-shirt. 60
7) 33) text: 85 GARETH rubs his hands in glee - he's going to misbehave - we can see that MATTHEW actually loves this in him.
7) 105) text: 93 84. INT. SCOTTISH MANOR HOUSE. DRAWING ROOM. NIGHT. 84. The tableau in the other room. 85. INT. SCOTTISH MANOR HOUSE. REC: ON. NIGHT. 5. The end of CHARLES'S hesitation. He moves forward, takes MATTHEW's arm, and whispers in his ear. CUT AWAY as we take in MATTHEW's reaction to the news. 86. EXT. LAKE DISTRICT. DAY. 86. Dramatic shots of the Lake District, in all its ill- tempered winter beauty. After 30 seconds, we see CHARLES' car driving. It turns the corner. 87. EXT. FUNERA: CH. LAKE DISTRICT. DAY. 87. There, in the middle of the mountains, stands a rough sto chapel. Outside it are parked lots of cars. CHARLES is last again. SCARLETT and he both get out and walk swiftly SCARLETT is dressed all in black, except for pink shoes.
7) 111) dialog: Not at all - Gareth would have been deeply wounded if you'd broken a lifetime's tradition.
7) 115) dialog: Gareth used to prefer funerals to weddings. He said it was easier to get enthusiastic about a ceremony one at least had an outside chance of eventually being involved in. Everyone laughs, they are immediately at ease. CHARLES discreetly signs MATTHEW'S words for DAVID. In order to do my research for this speech I rang round to get a general picture of how Gareth was regarded by those who met him. "Fat" seems to be a word people most connected with him. I rang a couple of libraries and asked if they remembered him. "No." - "He was fat..." - "O yes, of course!". "Terribly rude" also rang a lot of bells. When I told the emotional Italian in our local sandwich shop that Gareth was dead, his first reaction was "Thank God for that" — before, of course, bursting into tears and closing the shop to mourn. So, "very rude and very fat" seems to have been the stranger's viewpoint. And I'm sure the maker of his waistcoats would like me to add "very demanding and, of course, quite mad". On the other hand, some of you have been kind enough to ring me, and
7) 117) text: 95 MATTHEW (cont'd) tell me that you loved him - which I know he would have been thrilled to hear. Your remember his fabulous hospitality and his strange, experimental cooking - the recipe for Duck a la Banana fortunately goes with him to his grave. Most of all, you tell me of his enormous capacity for joy, and when joyful, for highly vocal drunkenness. His full bass version of "Shaddupa Ya Face" is something we will all, tragically, never forget. But I hope joyful is how you will remember hin. Not stuck in a box in a church. Pick your favourite of his waistcoats and then remember him that way: the most splendid, replete, gaudily dressed, weak- hearted as it turned out, and jolly bugger most of us ever met. As for me, you may ask how I will remember him, what I thought of hin, and, ‘unfortunately, there I fall rather short of words. Perhaps you'll forgive me if I turn for ny own feelings to the words of another splendid bugger, W.H.Auden... He recites a poem by Auden. At first he modestly reads it and then looks up and speaks it, not consulting the paper in front of him. Cut aways during the poem should include GARETH'S parents - it would be nice to feel they understa MATTHEW. This is actually what I want to say: "Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone. Prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone. Silence the pianos and with muffled drum Bring out the coffin, let the mourners come. Let aeroplanes circle moaning overhead Scribbling on the sky the message He is Dead, Put the crepe bows round the white necks of the public doves, Let the traffic policemen wear black cotton gloves. He was my North, my South, my East and West My working week and my Sunday rest My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song, I thought that love would last for ever: I was wrong. The stars are not wanted now: put out every one
7) 118) text: 96 MATTHEW (cont 'd) Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun Pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood For nothing now can ever come to any good". A long silence as MATTHEW folds his piece of paper. As he goes and sits down, a little child cries out, fed up.
7) 119) dialog: Quite right. CUT TO FIONA reading the lesson.
7) 159) dialog: Ah, Thomas, bravo - are we ready for the big day?
7) 163) dialog: Divine. Scarlett, I think you better get up - the service begins in an hour. A voice from under the kitchen table
7) 166) dialog: Thank you - a good tradition, I think. : For MATTHEW is wearing one of GARETH's old waistcoats.
7) 168) dialog: Ah, time for the champagne, I think - there we go - let us toast the groon.
7) 171) dialog: We were just about to have a toast. Ladies and gentlemen - the Groom. And they all turn towards CHARLES: all with beaming smile
7) 177) dialog: Only a few hours from now, I'm going to be standing up and making a speech about what a wonderful day this is for this unbe-fucking- lievably perfect couple.
7) 179) dialog: But here, amongst friends, I'm sure we'd all agree that it's time for a little more honesty.
7) 181) dialog: I for one had totally given up on Charles getting married. I thought - the only way for him ever tying the knot would be to team up with some equally desperate ex, and make the best of a bad job.
7) 183) dialog: Either that - or he'd marry someone for their looks and accept the fact that he's basically married to us lot - the only problem being we refuse to have his babies.
7) 186) dialog: And the truth of the matter is - he's gone and done both - settled for some desperately attractive desperate ex.
7) 188) dialog: And we all wish you the best of luck, you tragic sad act... 95. INT. ROOM IN PRIVATE HOUSE. DAY. 95. The crown of flowers that we have just seen being prepare it's finally ready - it is carried - and laid on to the | head of HENRIETTA.
7) 200) dialog: 10.45
7) 202) dialog: Please, dear boy, don't panic - we made allowances. .
7) 212) dialog: Okay troops - gather ye round - one last go through before the horrible hordes begin to gather. And George - over here.
7) 222) dialog: Unusual behaviour for an usher.
7) 232) dialog: Bride or groom?
7) 234) dialog: If you'd like to sit here, sir.
7) 262) dialog: Time to travel, Charles...
7) 279) dialog: Shall we leave the ushing to the ushers and take our positions up front.
7) 281) dialog: Certainly, freshen up at will. 102. INT. WEDDING 4. CHURCH. CORRIDOR. DAY. 102. He walks down a corridor in this big church - and opens a door - there are the choir, all warming up... CHOIR . Love Divine, All Loves Excelling!!!
7) 290) dialog: The bride is arriving.
7) 292) dialog: Only: one problem, we've lost the groon.
7) 294) dialog: Stall her - I'll go find him.
7) 297) dialog: Sorry.
7) 299) dialog: (totally calm) Ah, Charles, good to see you.
7) 301) dialog: O yes, I remember. Damn - yes. Good film.
7) 303) dialog: Not "The Hidden"?
7) 306) dialog: That's it - that's the _ baby. Excellent film. What about it?
7) 308) dialog: Not actually on me at the moment. Why?
7) 311) dialog: Excellent - if you love the ‘person.
7) 313) dialog: Can I ask what about?
7) 319) dialog: How are you doing?
7) 321) dialog: We'll have to wait and see. He's along the corridor. He's thinking.
7) 329) dialog: Charles...(really concerned)... no matter what it is, you can tell us...you really can... He looks at them - they are waiting to help him - he is about to speak, when suddenly there is a knock on the doo - they're all terrified - 'Is it the bride?' is the basic fear.
7) 330) dialog: (calling out) Hello. The VICAR enters
7) 332) dialog: Yes, sort of spiritually speaking.
7) 349) dialog: Are we? all look at CHARLES.
8) 0) text: CHARLES walks along to the top of the aisle with MATTHEW. Meanwhile, at the back...
8) 25) dialog: For not actually including a wedding service.