2) 37) dialog: Dear friends - what a joy it is to welcome you to our Church on this wonderful day for Angus and Laura. CHARLES looks around behind him, trying to find a way out his dilemma. His eyes land on the GIRL IN THE BLUE HAT. H hair is lit by a ray of light coming through the stained
2) 39) dialog: Before we start the wedding service, let us sing hymn number 135. They stand - there is a slight wobble on the organ, and a grinding up to tempo as we hear the intro to "Jerusalem".
2) 43) dialog: Dearly beloved - we are gathered here in the sight of God and in the face of this congregation...
2) 45) dialog: Therefore if any man can show any just cause or impediment why they may not be lawfully joined together, let them speak now... CHARLES stops for a second - doesn't want to make any noi
2) 48) dialog: Do you promise to love him, comfort him, honour and keep him in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, keep thee only unto him, so long as ye both shall live?
2) 50) dialog: Do you have the ring? THE VICAR moves towards CHARLES, holding open the Bible, CHARLES takes a little step forward and puts the still un rings on the book. THE VICAR looks slightly surprised.
2) 51) dialog: With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship and with all ny worldly goods I thee endow..
6) 14) dialog: Therefore, if any man can show any just cause or impediment why they may not be lawfully joined together, let them speak now.
6) 17) dialog: Do you take this man to be your lawful wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forth as long as ye both shall live?
7) 331) dialog: Hello. Thought I'd come in and shove on the gear. You chaps having a final smoke, are you, before the proceedings?
7) 333) dialog: Well, don't be too long - the bride'll think you don't want to marry her. They exchange glances - at the last moment, defeated by politeness and etiquette. The VICAR talks away, while CHARLES signs to DAVID.. : VICAR (V/O CHARLES & DAVID's conversation) Seeing you all in here reminds me of a terrible time, I had a groom who had rather overdone it with the alcohol the day before, and found he couldn't help throwing up into the font. Problem was, no-one knew, and the next Saturday, someone rather carelessly filled it up with water for a Christening without checking inside. No wonder the poor blighter cried when he got dunked. What we're watching is CHARLES talking to DAVID...
7) 348) dialog: Well, togs on - are we all ready to face the enemy?
8) 4) dialog: Dearly beloved. We are gathered here together in the sight of God and in the face of this congregation to join together this man and this woman in holy Matrimony - CUT TO SCARLETT absolutely totally beaming with pride - a probably crying already. VICAR (cont'd) which is an honourable estate, instituted of God in the time of man's innocence, signifying unto us the mystical union that is betwixt Christ and his Church... CUT TO ANGUS and LAURA and therefore is not by any to be enterprised, nor taken in hand unadvisedly, lightly or wantonly 119 CUT TO BERNARD and LYDIA But reverently, discreetly, advisedly, soberly, and in the fear of God. Therefore, if any man can show any just cause why they may not lawfully be joined together, let him speak now, or else hereafter for ever hold his peace. The usual pause. Settle on CHARLES. And then there is a knocking from behind, knuckles on wood. CHARLES looks startled. The BRIDE looks to him alarmed. So does MATTHEW.
8) 7) dialog: I'm sorry - does someone have something to say? who raises his hand. CUT between him and
8) 13) dialog: What's going on?
8) 15) dialog: O excellent. What is he saying?
8) 18) dialog: What's he saying?
8) 20) dialog: And do you? (Pause) Do you love someone else? (Pause) Do you Charles?