107) 0) text: with Max in front and to his left, snakes through the cro swimming among them, scanning for Peter Yip, seeking his in the back booths... PEDROSA + THE FEDS 81Cc enter up the stairs. Staying as discrete as possible whil urgent, while Pedrosa shoots looks, his POVs, Feds move s along east wall into densest part of the club...searching "Vincent," trying to spot him before he can assassinate P Yip, searching for Yip, as...
108) 4) dialog: for a moment. He's located towards the back wall across t dance floor in a booth on a raised area in the semi-circu room. With him are too-young Korean girls and a heavyset Rapper. The view got blocked by an African-American and a Korean bodyguard in suits near the booth, facing out. (CONTINUED )
116) 7) text: The split image. On the left is Peter Yip. On the right i ANNIE FARRELL. ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY.
165) 0) text: Vincent ejects the empty magazine. Before it even hits th floor or at his feet...Vincent's hand loading a full mag, weapon pointed at Max, like it was when he reloaded and s Peter Yip the first time. Odd, though. His fingers aren't working that well. His brilliant sleight-of-hand seems gone. He fumbles the relo fact. The magazine of stacked .45's drops, landing at his feet the expended casings. A few fresh droplets of blood patte quietly. Vincent considers picking up the mag, but it suddenly see way too much trouble. He blinks at the .45 in his hand, a confused, then turns and starts unsteadily back toward th of the car. The .45 slips from his fingers, clattering to the floor. Max watches Vincent walk away. Vincent only makes it halfway. He has to sit. He grabs an aluminum pole, eases himself onto the seat, trying to cat breath. Max slides his door open, steps across the bridge between Slides the second door open. Enters. Vincent turns his head slightly, watching Max draw cautio nearer. Max stares down, seeing the blood spreading acros floor beneath Vincent. Turning into quite a pool. Vincent tries to speak, can't quite manage. Max sits acro from him. Annie appears in b.g., watching them.