1) 0) text: CAROLYN, mid-40s, is standing in the doorway of the farmhouse watching a car drive up the road towards her. A LAWYER is unloading a briefcase from the trunk of his car. As the car approaches, Carolyn smiles. She steps out of the doorway and heads for the car, out of which exit her brother MICHAEL and his country girl wife BETTY, a stout buxom chatterbox. Both boast Florida tans and fashion styles.
1) 4) dialog: (proudly) No, we just had lunch at the hotel with my brother and his new wife. She told me all the dirt. I. forgot how interesting things can get around here. It was so good to see them. The last time we visited they were in Europe. He is doing so well. He ordered champagne. For lunch! I nearly died.
1) 7) dialog: Michael doesn't understand. People who make the kind of money my brother makes don't carry money on them. They keep it all in various accounts.
1) 9) dialog: Boy. It sure has been a long time.
1) 11) dialog: Well, that's a long time.
1) 13) dialog: (suddenly upset ) Well why don't I just say black so you can say white! (to Carolyn) Don't be surprised to find your brother hasn't changed an iota. He hardly ever talks and when he does it’s in that tone! You should have heard him at lunch -- not two words until the bill came and then he says, ‘Worth every penny.’
1) 15) dialog: (angry) i i onet Like you were angry at me, at my brother, at the world for forcing you to eat a nice lunch! (CONTINUED )
1) 18) dialog: (starting to cry) I simply cannot stand that tone!
1) 20) dialog: I’ am so sick and tired of apologizing and not knowing what I've done!
1) 24) dialog: Aw, is he still cheating on you, hon? Carolyn suddenly loses sympathy for her.
2) 5) dialog: This is kind of exciting. You think we'll find out your mother had secret millions lying around? Carolyn smiles weakly. Michael hands back the papers. ee LAWYER All right. Why don't we begin? He takes out Francesca'’s Last Will and Testament.
2) 12) dialog: Eeeww!
2) 19) dialog: Lots of people do.
2) 25) dialog: How bizarre!
2) 33) dialog: Not to mention people driving over her and doggies doing their business -- °
2) 35) dialog: Maybe it's an Italian thing. (to Lawyer) . Their mother was Italian.
2) 45) dialog: She's not wearing a bra. (takes bridge photo) This is Holliwell Bridge, in case anyone's interested. Interested, yes, but no one thinks anything of it. Michael returns to the other papers. Betty takes the photograph for further examination. Carolyn opens one of the letters and begins to read. The following dialogue is heard 0.S., as CAMERA ANGLES ON Carolyn reading one of the letters:
2) 46) dialog: It's a beautiful picture of her.
2) 51) dialog: What's that? Carolyn. jumps a little, so engrossed in her discovery. She lies.
2) 54) dialog: (laughs ) No treasure maps, huh?
2) 62) dialog: Did she say anything in there about me? Leaving me anything in particular?
2) 66) dialog: I didn't expect so. She never liked me. It's okay. I always knew. Thought we married too young. Nobody broke his arm -- that's what I said, but you know mothers and sons. Also, she never liked the fact of us moving to Florida although that's where the opportunities were. Couldn't deny that. Suppose we should have visited more but you know she hardly ever made an effort to come to Tampa. Not even to see her grandchildren. She was a cold woman. They say Italians are hot blooded but not her. She was ~ cool as ice. (picks up a candlestick) She leave these to anyone? Michael and Carolyn reenter the living room. Michael's expression now matches Carolyn in disbelief. Grateful,
2) 67) dialog: What's going on?
2) 69) dialog: I don't mind waiting.
2) 71) dialog: Well, I can help.
2) 77) dialog: (near tears) I do not need instructions from you to bathe! (gets her bag) I knew you'd do this! I knew I'd come all the way here and be shut out as usual! I came to be here for you! I didn't have to come! (genuinely hurt) Lord knows I was never much welcome in this house before. Apparently dead-or alive, nothing's changed.
2) 79) dialog: Carolyn -- you want these candlesticks?
70) 0) text: Madge and Francesca sit facing the pasture beside a table with coffee and brown betty. We PARACHUTE INTO the middle of the scene.
99) 0) text: Michael enters to find his two children watching TV and an angry Betty folding clothes.
99) 2) dialog: You have been out all night long! Do I have a right to ask where you've been? Michael just looks at her. He gently takes her hand and kisses it.