1) 0) text: CAROLYN, mid-40s, is standing in the doorway of the farmhouse watching a car drive up the road towards her. A LAWYER is unloading a briefcase from the trunk of his car. As the car approaches, Carolyn smiles. She steps out of the doorway and heads for the car, out of which exit her brother MICHAEL and his country girl wife BETTY, a stout buxom chatterbox. Both boast Florida tans and fashion styles.
1) 3) dialog: (nods) I have some sandwich fixings if you're hungry.
1) 19) dialog: (sympathetically) Come inside. You're just tired from the trip. : She comforts Betty, who indulges in the attention.
1) 21) dialog: I'm sure you haven't done anything. Have some iced tea. How are the kids? .
1) 23) dialog: (uncomfortably) He's not coming. Betty suddenly stops crying and abrasively focuses on Carolyn's problems.
2) 7) text: (to Carolyn) I thought everything was arranged.
2) 8) dialog: Well, there's a problem.
2) 13) dialog: I know. I don't understand it either.
2) 26) dialog: Mr. Peterson, are you sure Mom wrote all this?
2) 29) dialog: I remember a Mrs. Delaney but Mom told me years ago she died. (CONTINUED )
2) 41) dialog: Michael, look -- I've never seen this picture of Mom, have you? Betty and Michael look over her shoulder. He shakes "no." (CONTINUED)
2) 44) dialog: It was in this envelope from 1965.
2) 52) dialog: Oh, just an old letter from a friend. (CONTINUED)
2) 55) dialog: (laughs nervously) No. Betty starts inspecting knick-knacks around the house she might be able to take. Carolyn looks to Michael.
2) 58) dialog: Michael.
2) 60) dialog: Come here a minute. Michael crosses impatiently to Carolyn. Carolyn looks around to the others, then guides him 0.S. into the kitchen for privacy. He protests.
2) 78) dialog: Aw, Betty. Carolyn feels badly for her. An impatient Michael refuses sympathy. Embarrassed, Betty starts to exit, then stops at the mantle.
2) 80) dialog: No. I'd like you to have them. Betty grabs them both and exits. Carolyn looks at him disapprovingly. Michael takes the letter from her hands.
3) 0) text: Sitting at the kitchen table, Carolyn is in the middle of reading the letter to Michael. (CONTINUED)
3) 3) dialog: '... going over and over in my mind every detail, every moment of our time together and I ask myself, "What happened to me in . Madison County?" I struggle to put it together in a way that allows me to continue knowing we're on Separate roads. But then I look through the lens of my camera, and you're there. I start to write an article and I find myself writing it to you. It's clear to me now we have been moving towards each other, towards those four days, all our lives --'
3) 6) dialog: Well, he just goes on about how if Mom ever needed him, she could find him through the National Geographic Magazine in Washington, D.C. He was a photographer. He promises not to write again. Then all it says is... (beat) I love you... Robert.
3) 8) dialog: That would be some trick. He's already dead. That's what this other letter is. (takes letter and skims ) From his attorney. He left most of his things to Mom and requested... She stops. (CONTINUED )
3) 14) dialog: 
3) 17) dialog: I don't know. I'm completely in the dark here. That's what I get for moving away.
3) 19) dialog: (sarcastic) My Lord. It must feel real nice living inside your head with Peter Pan and the Easter Bunny.
3) 21) dialog: Don't say that!
3) 26) dialog: I can't believe she never told me? We spoke at least once a week. How could she do that?
3) 28) dialog: No, I don't think so. I -- She dumps it over and a small key falls out. Pause, as Carolyn and Michael look to each other -- they grab the key and run out of the kitchen, almost comically falling ever each other in their obsession to put this puzzle together.
4) 0) text: At the foot of their parents’ bed sits a walnut hope chest, covered with a tapestry. Michael and Carolyn look to each other first, before one removes the tapestry and the other tries the key. It fits. They open the chest to find: Camera equipment, a chain with a medallion that reads "FRANCESCA," three leather bound notebooks -- and a sealed envelope with "Carolyn or Michael" written on it.
4) 1) dialog: You read it! Carolyn relents. She takes out the letter and reads:
4) 2) dialog: "January, 1987. Dear Carolyn. I hope you're reading this with Michael. I'm sure he wouldn't be able to read it by himself and he'll need some help understanding all this.’ (CONTINUED )
4) 5) dialog: "First, and most of all, I love you both very much and although I feel fine, I thought it was time to put my affairs, excuse that word, in order.'
4) 7) dialog: Sshhh. ‘After going through the safety deposit box, I'm sure you'll find your way to this letter. It's hard to write this to my own children. I could let this die with the rest of me I Suppose. But as one gets older, one's fears subside. What | becomes more and more important is to be known -- known for all -that you were during this brief stay. How sad it seems to me to leave this Earth without those you love the most ever really knowing who you were. It's easy for a mother to love her children no matter what -- it's something that just happens. I don't know if it's as simple for children. You're all so busy being angry at us for raising you wrong. But I thought it was important to give you that chance. To give you the opportunity to love me for all that. I was...’ Carolyn and Michael look to each other like two school children about to take a difficult exam. They continue.
4) 8) dialog: "His name was Robert Kincaid. He was a photographer and he was here in 1965 shooting an article for National Geographic on the covered bridges of Madison County. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
4) 11) dialog: Remember when we got that issue? How we felt like celebrities? Remember when we started getting the subscription?’ They don't remember.
4) 12) dialog: "I don't want you to be angry with him. I hope after you know the whole story, you might even think well of him. Even grateful.'
4) 14) dialog: (reads) ',.. It's all there in the three notebooks. Read them in order. If you don’t want to, I suppose that's okay, too. But in that case I want you to know something -- I never stopped loving your father. He was a very good man. It's just that my love for Robert was different. He brought out something in me no one had ever brought out before, or since. He made.me feel like a woman in a way few women ever experience...'
4) 16) dialog: What are you doing?
4) 18) dialog: Well, I'd like to read them. (CONTINUED )
4) 22) dialog: t (as Michael freezes) I want to read them! If you don't want to then just leave. But don't you push me around like I'm some mule you paid for -- I already hav ! Michael is stymied.
5) 0) text: Carolyn opens the first notebook which is dated AUGUST 1965. Michael sits beside her with a cup of coffee.
5) 1) text: (reading) "It was the week of the Illinois State Fair. The two of you were going with Dad to exhibit Carolyn's prize steer.’ Carolyn's voice becomes Francesca'’s voice as we --
30) 0) text: Carolyn and Michael have come to the end of a notebook.
30) 2) dialog: Oh, he did not. He's such a nice guy.
30) 4) dialog: I don't think so. And besides, something like that doesn't make you a bad person. He reminds me of Steve in a way. Steve's weak, immoral and a liar, but he's still a real nice guy. He just shouldn't be married. (laughs ) At least not to me. You getting hungry? I'm hungry. Michael nods, then speaks with sincere compassion.
30) 8) dialog: Oh, don't feel sorry for me. Please. No one's forcing me to stay. ‘
30) 10) dialog: Oh, my God! I don't believe it.
30) 13) dialog: No, look -- the expiration date is this year. She must have bought it recently. And it's not opened.
31) 0) text: Over Fluffernutter sandwiches on white bread and coffee, Carolyn reads from the second notebook.
31) 1) dialog: ‘We sat sipping brandy. I thought if anybody walked through the door .now there'd be no explaining it. But I didn't care. I wanted to be like him. I wanted to know his secrets. How he lived this life of his. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
31) 4) dialog: We talked about his wife and I was jealous -- not of her -- but of his leaving.: His fearlessness. He knew what he wanted. How did he do that?'
56) 0) text: Carolyn and Michael are at the yellow Formica. Carolyn has been reading the book to Michael when she looks acros from her to find -- Michael looking like a little boy who is fighting not to cry.
56) 1) dialog: What's the matter? Michael shakes his head. He can't or won't explain. He's too upset. His eyes tear up. Carolyn feels badly for him.
66) 0) text: Carolyn sits on the porch with the notebook on her lap, thinking to herself. She decides she needs a cigarette and searches through her bag. Finding her pack and lighter, she stops -- simultaneously discovering a business card from a matrimonial lawyer; pre-nups, divorce, estate planning. She fingers the card in her hand, pauses, then looks up upon hearing Michael's car return home.
66) 1) dialog: Where did you go?
66) 3) dialog: Have you called Betty? (MORE) (CONTINUED )
66) 6) dialog: (as he shakes his head) Maybe you should.
66) 9) dialog: Yeah. But I thought she died.
66) 11) dialog: You mean -- she didn't like sex?
66) 13) dialog: Boy. All these years I've ‘resented not living the wild life in some place like Paris and all the time I could've moved back to Iowa... Are you drunk?
66) 15) dialog: I think I better.
67) 0) text: Michael and Carolyn have parked in a secluded area near a lake. Some place where the moonlight and the scenery create a beautiful backdrop. They sit on the ground, leaving the headlights and the RADIO ON. They are get- ting drunk and sharing a bottle of whiskey. (CONTINUED)
67) 5) dialog: You never dated Kathy Reynolds!
67) 7) dialog: I never knew that.
67) 9) dialog: Was this during Betty?
67) 11) dialog: Did you want to?
67) 13) dialog: (pissed off) What gets me is I'm in my forties. I've been in this crummy fucking marriage --
67) 18) dialog: (ignores him) -- for over twenty years because that's what I was taught -- you stick with it! Normal people don't get divorced. I can't remember the last time my husband made love to me so intensely that he transported me to Africa, for Christ's sakes -- quite frankly I don't think he ever did! And now I find out that in between bake sales, my mother was Anais Nin!
67) 20) dialog: You're right -- that is sick. They drink.
67) 24) dialog: Well, she just took him up to her room and --
67) 30) dialog: You can skip this part. Start here. Michael nods and takes another swig. He begins to read: 1965
76) 0) text: Richard, Michael and Carolyn drive down the road toward the house. (CONTINUED)
89) 1) dialog: Mom? But she doesn't acknowledge it and drives away.
91) 0) text: Michael continues reading beside Carolyn as the sun rises.
96) 0) text: Michael and Carolyn enter. He rummages through the — cupboard, finding that bottle of brandy, now almost ~ empty.
96) 2) dialog: Yes. Michael takes the only two brandy glasses from the cupboard and sets them on the yellow Formica table. He empties Francesca's last bottle of brandy into them. The notebooks are closed, but Francesca’s narration continues over the next few scenes.
97) 0) text: Carolyn, looking through her mom's closet, finds the summer dress she bought in Des Moines to wear for Robert.
100) 0) text: Wearing her mother's dress, Carolyn sits on the bed hold- ing the phone, waiting for Steve to pick up. In her other hand, she holds the divorce lawyer's card.
101) 0) text: Michael and his family stand beside Carolyn and a Priest.