4) 0) text: At the foot of their parents’ bed sits a walnut hope chest, covered with a tapestry. Michael and Carolyn look to each other first, before one removes the tapestry and the other tries the key. It fits. They open the chest to find: Camera equipment, a chain with a medallion that reads "FRANCESCA," three leather bound notebooks -- and a sealed envelope with "Carolyn or Michael" written on it.
5) 1) text: (reading) "It was the week of the Illinois State Fair. The two of you were going with Dad to exhibit Carolyn's prize steer.’ Carolyn's voice becomes Francesca'’s voice as we --
6) 0) text: FRANCESCA is making dinner. A BLUES station is tuned in on the RADIO.
6) 1) dialog: "I know it sounds awful, but I couldn't wait for you all to leave. You were going to be gone until Friday. Four days... (beat) Just four days...' Francesca's expression looks as if she needs a break from her family for more like four years.
6) 2) dialog: Michael! Carolyn! Richard! Dinner! (CONTINUED)
6) 5) dialog: Michael, what did I tell you about that door? Richard enters after Michael, letting the door slam the same way. Francesca is about to say something, but gives up. Carolyn enters and crosses to the kitchen RADIO. Leaning on the counter, she turns the dial to a COUNTRY station. This clearly irritates Francesca, but she knows there is no point in arguing. ~ Everyone sits and begins eating -- in complete silence except for the song. When Michael can't open the ketchup bottle, Francesca grabs it, palms the top skillfully and twists it off. She hands it back to Michael, who makes no comment. When Richard scans the table for something that obviously isn't there, Francesca is up out of her seat before he can ask, at the fridge, grabbing the sour cream, closing the fridge and back at the table with incredible swiftness. When Michael moves his big arm to reach for the salt, he knocks over his cup and saucer, which Francesca catches with both hands before they hit the floor. Her reflexes are like a trained athlete. Finally, Francesca is able to sit and sip her coffee. She watches her teenage daughter fill her plate with a blank expression that lets nothing slip through -- no indication of all the tempests of emotions that go through a teenage girl. FRANCE“SCA You excited about going, Carolyn? Without looking up, Carolyn fakes a smile. Francesca then looks to her son, shoveling food into his mouth at an alarming rate. She attempts a conversation.
6) 6) dialog: How was your date last night? (CONTINUED )
6) 10) dialog: What's her name?
6) 12) dialog: What's she like?
7) 0) text: Francesca is packing Richard's suitcase. Richard is at his bureau. He is trying to open a drawer but it's stuck.
7) 2) dialog: You can’t get mad at it.
7) 4) dialog: You should stay away from anything too spicy. (CONTINUED )
7) 7) dialog: And I want you to promise me...
7) 9) dialog: (defensive) Doc Reynolds said you'd be a lot better off --
7) 13) text: Same thing I do as a hired hand, only with less help. Francesca realizes this has hurt Richard's feelings. She smiles.
7) 15) dialog: It's only four days. He gives her a sweet peck on the lips. Francesca touches his face gently.
8) 0) text: Francesca waves as her family drives down the driveway in their truck, kicking up a cloud of dust. (CONTINUED)
9) 0) text: Alone, dressed in her bathrobe, Francesca checks the front door. She crosses to the living room. Noticing two throw pillows on the floor, she arranges them neatly on the couch. She sits herself in an easy chair then flicks on a reading lamp and opens her book. After five seconds, she closes the book. She crosses to the TV and turns it ON, then turns it OFF before the picture tuned in. She turns and leans on the TV, flicking the ON/OFF switch ON and OFF as her mind wanders. She gets an idea. She crosses to the hi-fi and looks through several albums she got from her Columbia Record Club. But nothing inspires her and she quickly loses the desire for music. She's antsy. She has this time alone and she doesn't know how to spend it. She walks through the dining room, passing a china closet filled with fancy dishes and glasses. She stops. Shoved in the corner behind is an old, unopened bottle of brandy. She removes it, setting atop the dining table to open it, then quickly changes her mind and returns the brandy to its lonely spot on the shelf. CuT TO:
10) 0) text: She walks into the kitchen and leans on the counter to turn ON the RADIO. She stands just like her daughter as she tunes in the BLUES station. She sits at the Formica table with a glass of milk and listens. A DOG SCRATCHES at the screen door. Francesca rises to let him in.
10) 1) dialog: Where've you been!? They already left, ya know -- you missed them. (CONTINUED)
10) 4) dialog: I don't know why you're so sweet on.me -- you know I don't like you. Of course, she does like him, she's just in a teasing mood. The MUSIC PLAYS. Francesca softens as she pets him.
10) 5) dialog: You like this song?
11) 0) text: Francesca, wearing a simple house dress, has two rugs hung over the porch. She is beating them to get the dust out. It is a hot day. She stops to wipe her brow. She - grabs a glass of iced tea from off the porch, takes a sip then presses the glass against her chest. Francesca looks up to the sun to clear her mind. It is blinding. When she looks back out onto her driveway, her vision is momentarily blurred. Until, slowly, out of the blur, she sees: A truck driving toward her house, kicking up dust, like some phantom appearing through the etheric plane. She sips her cool drink and blinks to regain her vision. The truck comes down her driveway and stops halfway. Francesca watches with suspicious curiosity as: The truck stops and ROBERT KINCAID steps out. Flashing his blue eyes in her direction, he smiles and says: ROBERT . Sorry to bother you but I've got a feeling I'm lost. Francesca remains guarded.
11) 1) dialog: Are you supposed to be in Iowa? (CONTINUED)
11) 5) dialog: Well you're not that lost. She puts down her tea and crosses to him.
11) 7) dialog: Roseman Bridge?
11) 9) dialog: Well you're pretty close. It's only about two miles from here.
11) 11) dialog: Go that way and you will come to Cutter's where you turn left.
11) 13) dialog: Cutter's farm. Small house close to the road. Big mean yellow dog.
11) 15) dialog: Yes, and then you just take that road until it forks -- I think less than half a mile.
11) 19) dialog: The right and you go -- no. Not that fork, excuse me. Then you pass Peterson's -- Peterson's farm, and by the old schoolhouse you go left. It would be easier to tell you if the roads were marked.
11) 21) dialog: Well, I can take you if you want. Robert is pleased, but a bit surprised as is Francesca’ who anxiously recants:
11) 22) dialog: Or, I can tell you. I can take you or tell you. It's up to you. I don't care. Either way. Robert smiles, finding her sudden nervousness charming.
11) 27) dialog: No. I was just going to have some iced tea then split the atom, but that can wait. (as he smiles) I just have to get my shoes. Robert watches her as she turns and heads back to the house. He turns back to the truck and notices the mailbox -- MR. & MRS. RICHARD JOHNSON. He nods as if he knew all along and begins to make room on the front seat for Francesca. .
12) 0) text: Francesca is slipping on her shoes when she suddenly stops. "What am I doing?" she asks herself silently.
13) 0) text: Francesca approaches the truck. On the door, she reads: KINCAID PHOTOGRAPHY -- BELLINGHAM, WASHINGTON. Robert is clearing away paper cups, banana peels, paper bags, photography equipment. In the back, Francesca notices a cooler and a guitar case.
13) 4) dialog: Out, then right.
14) 0) text: The truck bounces along on the rock road, lime dust filling the air. Kincaid and Francesca ride in silence. The truck passes a small farmhouse, and a large angry yellow DOG races alongside, SNARLING and BARKING. Robert looks at Francesca and grins.
14) 2) dialog: That way. He follows her directions.
14) 4) dialog: No.
14) 6) dialog: (shakes her head) Maybe it's because I live here.
14) 8) dialog: Are you from Washington originally?
14) 10) dialog: Oh. When did you move back?
14) 14) dialog: Oh.
14) 16) dialog: Uh... ha... (can't remember) Umm... Long time.
14) 18) dialog: No, I don't mind. I'm not from here. I was born in Italy.
14) 20) dialog: My mother was Austrian. We lived in a small town on the Eastern side, no one's ever heard of called Bari.
14) 22) dialog: (surprised) No, really?
14) 24) dialog: You just... got off the train because it looked pretty?
14) 29) dialog: Sure, I'll have one. She takes a cigarette out of the pack. Robert drops the pack and, with the same hand, flicks open the Zippo and ignites it. Francesca leans over. The road is bumpy and a breeze blows through both windows. ee She cups her hands around his to shelter the flame. She feels his skin for a brief moment. She sits back and enjoys the ride and her cigarette as Robert lights up. Silence. They drive.
14) 31) dialog: Long. (changes subject) You just got off the train and stayed without knowing anyone there?
15) 2) dialog: I don't mind waiting. (CONTINUED)
15) 8) dialog: This time of year.
15) 10) dialog: Oh. Would you like one?
17) 0) text: At the bridge, Francesca looks for Robert in the ravine but he is gone. (CONTINUED)
17) 7) dialog: No, not at all -- (suddenly) -- except those are poisonous.
17) 9) dialog: I'm sorry. I was kidding. Robert looks at her with a shocked smirk, secretly liking her strange behavior.
18) 0) text: Driving back, Francesca sits with her feet up on the dashboard. (CONTINUED )
18) 3) dialog: Looking for something in particular? There's not much of a selection.
18) 5) dialog: It's 1410. Robert reacts with surprise, then tunes it in. We hear a BLUES SINGER with a sax arrangement.
18) 6) dialog: That's nice.
18) 8) dialog: Sure. Francesca's having a great time.
19) 2) dialog: Francesca.
19) 4) dialog: Would you like some iced tea? CcuT TO: 17 31.
20) 0) text: Robert fiddles with the kitchen RADIO, tuning in to the Chicago station. Francesca is making iced tea. Robert sits back down at the kitchen table.
20) 1) dialog: Lemon?
20) 4) dialog: Would you like another one? Robert nods and pulls out his cigarettes. Robert lights up as he watches her fix-another iced tea. He watches her slip off one shoe, then the other -- never missing a beat of her preparation. He can't help eyeing her body. When she returns, she also has the flowers he picked for her arranged in a jelly glass. She places them on the table and sits.
20) 6) dialog: I'm so sorry ahout that. I... ha . I don't know why I said that. (changing the subject) Where are you staying while you're here?
20) 8) dialog: And how long are you here for? (CONTINUED )
20) 13) dialog: My husband took the kids to the Illinois State Fair. My daughter's entering a prize steer.
20) 15) dialog: About a year and a half.
20) 17) dialog: Oh. Michael's 17 and Carolyn's 16.
20) 19) dialog: They're not kids anymore. Things change.
20) 21) dialog: I guess. Except I'm one of the people it frightens.
20) 23) dialog: Why?
20) 27) dialog: (explaining) Richard was in the Army. I met him while I was living in Naples. I didn't .know where Iowa was. I only cared that it was America. And of course, being with Richard.
20) 29) dialog: He's very... clean.
20) 31) dialog: (catching herself) No. I mean yes he's clean but he's also other things. He's a very hard worker. Very honest. Very caring. Gentle. Good father.
20) 33) dialog: Yes. Very clean. They drink. Francesca thinks she sounds like an idiot.
20) 35) dialog: It's... uh... uh... She stops. Robert smiles.
20) 40) dialog: (without a pause) I'm supposed to say, ‘Just fine. It's quiet. The people are real nice.’ All of that's true, . mostly. It is quiet. And the . people are nice, in certain ways. We all help each other out. If someone gets sick or hurt, the neighbors pitch in and pick corn or harvest oats or do whatever needs to be done. In town, you can leave your car unlocked and let your children run without worrying about them. There are a lot of good things about the people here, and I respect them for those qualities. But... hesitates, lights a cigarette and looks across at Kincaid.
20) 41) dialog: It's not what I dreamed about as a girl. Kincaid is silent for a moment.
20) 43) dialog: Would you like to stay for dinner? There aren't many choices in town and... anyway, you'd have to eat alone. So would I. (CONTINUED )
21) 0) text: Francesca rushes in and starts to disrobe, getting ready to shower and change for dinner. She glances out the window and sees:
23) 0) text: Francesca finds herself staring. He has a muscular, firm body. She watches how the water cascades over his body. How he seems so unashamed, so "in his skin,” moving with such strength and grace.
24) 0) text: Robert pauses and looks out over the open pasture. The cold water feels good. Since the pump is in the back of the house, hidden from the road, no one can see him. INT.. BEDROOM . 19¢ Francesca continues studying Robert until she has to literally pull herself away from the window with such a force that she rams herself into a chest of drawers. Taking a breath, she pulls herself together.
24) 1) dialog: This is ridiculous. She heads for the bathroom, quite composed, then, without warning, makes an immediate 180 degree turn and heads back to the window to sneak a peek. (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: Francesca is gathering some vegetables for dinner from her garden. Robert is at his truck, in his pants, changing into a fresh shirt.
26) 0) text: Francesca is cutting up vegetables. Robert enters with some of his gear.
26) 3) dialog: (surprised) Help cook?
26) 5) dialog: (laughs ) Okay. They stand side by side. Francesca hands him a stack of carrots and a knife.
27) 0) text: Robert and Francesca are in the middle of dinner. But instead of the usual silence that surrounds Johnson family eating, Francesca is mesmerized by Robert as he manages to eat and tell a story. The scene begins with a laugh from Francesca. :
27) 7) dialog: What?
27) 9) dialog: Oh, my God... (laughs ) You're blushing.
27) 11) dialog: Then what happened?
27) 13) dialog: I hope it was a female gorilla.
27) 15) dialog: You ought to write these stories down.
27) 17) dialog: "Making pictures.' I like that. You really love what you do, don't you?
27) 23) dialog: Why, do you think?
27) 25) dialog: You sound like an artist.
27) 27) dialog: (supportively) I don't think you're normal. He looks at her in surprise. She catches herself again.
27) 28) dialog: I didn't mean that the way it sounded.
27) 30) dialog: Sometimes. When there was a particular student who made a difference. I know they're all supposed to, but it's not true. You tend to single out one or two you think you can contribute something to.
27) 32) dialog: I'd like to think so. I know one of them went on to medical school.
27) 36) dialog: My children. And Richard didn't like my working.
27) 38) dialog: I don't know. I've never thought about it... what was the most exciting place you've ever been to? Unless you're tired of talking about it.
27) 41) dialog: (overlapping) No. It's alright. I just meant, it might be a little dull for you, telling all this to some housewife in the middle of nowhere.
27) 48) dialog: _My, God. How I'd love to see that.
27) 51) dialog: Yes. That would be nice. He gets up and opens the screen door for Francesca, not letting it slam. Francesca looks like a teenager with first date excitement.
28) 0) text: Francesca and Robert walk through the pasture. It is a beautiful night.
28) 2) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)
28) 6) dialog: W.B. Yeats, 'The Song of Wandering Aengus.'
28) 9) dialog: Would you like some coffee? .Or maybe, some brandy? Somehow Robert can sense her uneasiness. He obliges.
29) 0) text: The room is illuminated by a single light over the kitchen sink. Francesca moves about the kitchen preparing coffee -- dropping the coffee pot basket, spilling the grounds. She acts tense. Robert sits at the table opening the brandy bottle Francesca almost opened the night before, aware of her mood. There are two brandy glasses in the cupboard that Robert takes down. Francesca gets the coffee going then sets the table with cups and saucers.
29) 2) dialog: (coldly) No. I'll do them later.
29) 4) dialog: What?
29) 6) dialog: Yes.
29) 8) dialog: What?
32) 0) text: Francesca sips her brandy. Robert sits across from her.
32) 1) dialog: De you mind if I... ask you why you got divorced?
32) 3) dialog: So what happened?
32) 5) dialog: You must get lonely at times.
32) 7) dialog: Woman friends, too?
32) 12) dialog: You really don't need anyone?
32) 14) dialog: That's the thing about Iowa. You pretty much meet the same ‘kind of person over and over so when Mrs. Delaney's husband is having an affair with 'that Redfield woman' the whole town wakes up.
32) 16) dialog: Doesn't it scare you?
32) 18) dialog: Do you ever regret it? The divorce, I mean?
32) 20) dialog: Do you ever regret not having a family?
32) 22) dialog: But -- how can you just live for what you want? What about other people?
32) 24) dialog: But no one in particular. (CONTINUED )
32) 29) dialog: But it's not the same.
32) 31) dialog: No, I'm just saying --
32) 33) dialog: (irritated) Just because someone chooses to settle down and have a. family doesn't necessarily mean they're hypnotized. Just because I've never seen a gazelle stampede doesn't mean I'm asleep in the world.
32) 35) dialog: No. Of course not. upset. Beat. Awkward silence. Suddenly there is tension between them.
32) 37) dialog: What made you ask such a question? (CONTINUED)
32) 41) dialog: (defensive) I thought we were just having a converstaion. You seem to be reading all this meaning into it. Meanings I must be too simple to uh... interpret or something.
32) 44) dialog: Listen, I'm sorry I --
32) 46) dialog: I feel like something's been spoiled now. . Robert smiles and crosses to her. He takes her hand into both his hands.
32) 52) dialog: Hello?.
32) 54) dialog: Richard, hi.
32) 56) dialog: Fine. Everyone settled in okay?
32) 58) dialog: Uh-uh... good... hmmm... She hears the TRUCK DRIVING AWAY as Richard continues:
33) 0) text: Francesca sits on the porch with a book in her lap, gazin out over the pasture. It's a hot night. She opens the top of her robe a bit. Feeling the air against her skin, she decides to open it a bit more. She gets an idea. Standing, she looks to see if anyone is around -- though rationally she knows there isn't a soul for miles. She turns off the porch light. With a brave and daring impulse, she sheds her bathrobe and stands naked under the night sky. The air feels good against her body. She opens her arms up against the night sky and moon like an Indian priestess. Suddenly, she starts hitting her body as mosquitoes begin attacking her bare torso. Thwarted, she quickly covers herself with a robe and runs into the house.
34) 0) text: Francesca is in front of a full-length mirror, her robe opened, applying Calomine lotion to insect bites. Suddenly, she stops to notice her body. CAMERA ANGLES OVER her shoulder. It is the first time in years she has actually stopped to look and touch her body running her hands gently over her curves, her neck, down the side of her thighs, her face, her breasts. She stops. She closes her robe and shuts off the light. She sits on the bed. . She gets an idea and crosses to a jewelry box on her bureau. She searches through it, then removes a section to reveal another compartment. It is filled with things she hasn't worn in years -- out of date earrings, pins, etc... Lying amongst these items is an Italian-looking medallion on a chain. She holds it lovingly and puts it on. Crossing to the window, she looks out and she sees the water pump Robert used that day.
35) 0) text: Francesca sits in her bathrobe at a writing table with a note in front of her. On it reads, "If you'd like supper again, ‘when white moths are on the wing,’ come by tonigh after you're finished. Anytime is fine.”
36) 0) text: A warm, clear, summer night. The sky is full of stars. Francesca, still in her bathrobe, is behind the wheel of her car. The headlights cut through the darkness as Jack the collie runs’ ahead.
37) 0) text: The car headlights light the way as Francesca walks bare- foot towards the bridge. Jack lopes on ahead, checking things out. . Francesca tacks the note for Robert to the bridge. She considers taking it down a moment later, but decides not to. She gets back into her car and drives away.
38) 0) text: Francesca is asleep in bed. At the sound of Robert's old pickup TRUCK DRIVING by, she stirs and opens her eyes. She listens until the sound of his WHEELS FADES OUT, then smiles and settles back into sleep.
39) 0) text: Francesca sits at the kitchen table in her bathrobe with a cup of coffee -- a comic portrait of shame and self- pity. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: Francesca is hoeing weeds in her vegetable patch, not far -—~from the house. Suddenly, she stops working, and looks toward the house. Is it the telephone? She listens care- fully, doesn't hear anything and goes back to her hoeing.
42) 0) text: Francesca drives a tractor pulling an empty hay wagon down the lane and into the barn. When she turns OFF the ENGINE, she cocks her head towards the house, thinking she hears the PHONE again. This time she does -- a FAINT SOUND coming from inside. She hurries down from the tractor and runs toward the house.
44) 0) text: Empty. PHONE RINGING away LOUDLY. Francesca bursts through the door and grabs the phone, out of breath. (CONTINUED)
44) 3) dialog: Johnsons.
44) 6) dialog: (smiles, relieved) The light was fading.
44) 8) dialog: Oh sure, get your work done; that's what's important. I'll fix something that'll be easy to warm up when you get here.
44) 10) dialog: Yes, I'd like that. But I'll drive my pickup and meet you there. What time? (CONTINUED )
45) 0) text: Francesca drives past a sign marking DES MOINES as the next town.
46) 0) text: A metropolis compared to Winterset. Francesca exits a liquor store with a bottle of wine in a paper bag. She also carries a bag of groceries as she heads down the street to her parked truck. She passes a dress shop and stops.
49) 0) text: Francesca sits in her slip, alone in a dressing room, with several dresses strewn about. The panic of inde- cision has set in. She looks at herself in the mirror and begins to doubt that seeing Robert is a good idea. Or perhaps she's imagining something that isn't there. And what about Richard? (CONTINUED )
49) 4) dialog: I don't know. I haven't bought a dress for myself in so long. (off. saleswoman's nod) I mean, I'm just buying a dress. It's not a special occasion or anything. I'm just shopping. Just shopping for a new dress, that's all.
50) 0) text: Francesca enters with her new dress, groceries and wine a the PHONE RINGS. She puts everything down to answer.
50) 1) dialog: Hello? INTERCUT WITH Robert at a payphone.
50) 7) dialog: Oh.
50) 9) dialog: I guess you got the whole story...
50) 11) dialog: I think he's running for town crier next year.
50) 13) dialog: (disappointed) I understand. (touched) That's very kind of you. Both want to meet. Both experience the idea of not seeing each other ever again in this brief moment. Someone has to say something to save it -- but who will it be?
50) 14) dialog: Robert? (CONTINUED )
50) 18) dialog: I want you to come, Robert is relieved.
50) 19) dialog: I'll meet you at the bridge just like we planned, alright? Don't worry about the rest of it... I'm not.
51) 0) text: Robert is already there, working. He checks his watch, anxious for Francesca to arrive, when he hears a car driving up. He looks to see Francesca stop and get out. By their expressions we can tell how glad they are to see each other. He extends his hand. She pauses, then takes it. He leads her to the bridge. CAMERA begins to PULL BACK and HOLD ON the scene. Kincaid is in his element, moving about with ease as he works to capture the gorgeous light. Francesca is enjoying watching this performance -- his grace, the way the muscles in his forearms are working, the way he moves his body. As Kincaid moves into the creek and then up the other bank, she walks through the bridge to the other side. When she comes out the other end, he is crouched down and pointing a camera toward her. He shoots three shots in rapid succession as Francesca walks toward him. She grins in mild embarrassment. Robert smiles back and continues his work.
52) 0) text: Francesca enters. Robert is in the bathroom, in the shower, with the bathroom door slightly ajar. (CONTINUED)
53) 0) text: Francesca is busy preparing dinner. Robert enters, cleaned and dressed.
53) 2) dialog: Actually no. I've got everything under control. I'd like to clean up myself a bit. I'm going to take a bath. Dinner'll be ready in about a half hour. ROBERT. How about if I set the table?
53) 3) dialog: Sure.
53) 5) dialog: (surprised) Yes, that'd be nice. Robert gets her one.
54) 0) text: Francesca lounges in a tub with a beer poured into a wine glass. She finds it very elegant. She takes a deep breath, watching a few drops of water fall from the showe head.
54) 1) dialog: I realized that he had been here just a few minutes before. I was lying where the water had run down his body, and I found that intensely erotic. Almost everything about Robert Kincaid had begun to seem erotic to me. 50 BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY - Rev. 9/7/94 63.
55) 0) text: Robert is at the radio when Francesca enters in her new dress. She looks beautiful. And it's all over Robert's face.
55) 1) dialog: What's wrong? Robert's voice is a little shaky, a little rough, but his admiration is genuine.
55) 3) dialog: Hello? ... Hi, Madge. Francesca reaches out, casually smoothes out the collar on Robert's shirt, then leaves her hand on his shoulder.
55) 4) dialog: Huh-huh... Nothing, just making myself some dinner... No, what?... Oh... I heard about him. Yeah, I hear he's some kind of photographer. She can feel the muscle running from his neck along his shoulder to the back of his collarbone. She is conscious of how warm his body feels through his shirt. Madge babbles on.
55) 5) dialog: No, I didn't... Huh-huh... Hippie? I don't know, is that what hippies look like?... (CONTINUED)
55) 8) dialog: Well, listen, I was just getting ready to step into a bath when you called so I better run... No, they don't get home until Friday morning... Well, maybe I'll give you a call. Okay. Bye. Francesca hangs up, reluctant to move her hand from his shoulder. Robert takes it in his, rises and turns to face her. He slips his free hand around her waist. They begin to dance to the song. The kitchen lights have not been turned on since the sun went down. The sky, a dark orange and magenta, illuminates the room through the window. They never take their eyes off each other.
55) 12) dialog: Nobody's asked you to. They kiss. Hands gently explore. . Their bodies touch. Their lips never spend more than seconds away from each, other. Robert slides his hands down her breasts and torso, exploring every inch of her. Francesca grips his massive back, sliding up to his neck and hair. Robert lifts her leg and presses it against his hip, kissing her neck and shoulders. Francesca starts to lose herself, clutching his head to her breast, then pulling him up to her mouth once again.
57) 0) text: Robert and Francesca in-each others arms, under a blanket on the living room floor on 2 bed of couch pillows. Francesca seems miles away -- feelings of regret and guil creeping in.
57) 2) dialog: No. I can't. She can't bring herself to go into her husband's bed.
57) 4) dialog: Are you hungry?
57) 9) dialog: Take me somewhere.
57) 11) dialog: Right now. Tell me someplace you've been -- someplace on the other side of the world.
57) 13) dialog: Yes.
57) 15) dialog: Yes. Tell me about the day. you got off the train.
57) 17) dialog: Yes.
57) 19) dialog: (excited) and zeppolis. Yes! I know it!
57) 23) dialog: Where? Near the doorway or near the front of the church?
57) 25) dialog: (closes her eyes) I sat there once. It was hot. Like today. I'd been shopping. I had all these bags around my feet I kept having to move every time the waiter came by...
58) 0) text: Francesca and Robert are making love outdoors in an area far behind the house hidden by corn stalks... The two transport themselves together to another place, where there are no familial memories surrounding them to interfere.
59) 0) text: The two sit in bathrobes on the porch looking out over the pasture. They have bowls of oatmeal on their laps. They eat voraciously. Robert leans over, picks a pot up off the porch and ladles some more onto his plate. Too much falls out and it spills onto the robe. Francesca giggles. Robert glares at her jokingly. , Francesca hands him a dish rag. Robert wipes off the food revealing his bare leg. She reaches over and touches it. He looks at her and smiles. She leans over and kisses him passionately until, suddenly, she pulls away. She looks upset. She rises and moves away to look out to the pasture. Robert can sense what is wrong.
59) 1) dialog: I feel like I'm getting a little out of control. It's kind of frightening. (CONTINUED)
59) 4) dialog: I had thoughts about him I hardly knew what to do with. And he read every one. Whatever I felt, whatever I wanted, he gave himself up to. And in that Moment, everything I knew to be true about myself up until then was gone. I was acting like another woman ~- yet I was more myself than ever before. Francesca looks at him and understands he is giving her full permission to explore whatever she wants. Hesitantly, she crosses to him and takes his plate away. She stands before him, leaning Rim back into his chair. She slowly, tentatively, opens her robe. cur TO:
60) 0) text: Francesca and Robert are driving, smoking cigarettes and listening to MUSIC. :
60) 1) dialog: 'We decided to spend Wednesday away from Winterset. Away from Madison County. Away from pastures and bridges and people too familiar and reminders too painful. We let the day take us where it wanted...'
61) 0) text: The truck is parked against a breathtaking vista. Francesca and Robert sit on the ground nearby eating lunch as Robert shows Francesca a collection of some of his photographs. They are beautiful and show a wide range of skill.
61) 1) dialog: Oh, that one is beautiful. Look at their expressions. As if the camera weren't on them at all. They're not photographs -- they're stories, entire histories captured in moments. You should be published. Your own collection. (CONTINUED)
61) 6) dialog: Why do you say that?
61) 9) dialog: Maybe you have to convince - . yourself first. Maybe you do have to ask why it's an obsession. He smiles and considers what she is saying. She takes the chain with her medallion off from around her neck and puts it on Robert.
61) 11) dialog: I remembered I had this, the other night after you left. It was made in Assisi. My aunt gave it to me on my seventh birthday. Robert looks at the medallion with "For Francesca” engraved on it. He is very moved and nods gratefully.
62) 1) dialog: A musician friend of Robert's told him of a place off the Interstate. A place, Robert assured me, no one I knew would see us.
63) 0) text: Francesca and Robert enter the smoke-filled roadhouse. No one would recognize them here because it is an all- black club. Only slight notice of the couple is taken as they sit at a table and order drinks. Francesca is loving it -- she can't take it in fast enough -- bodies dancing, laughing, the band jamming. It's like she stepped into another world.
63) 2) dialog: What were you like when you were younger?
63) 4) dialog: (laughs ) I just wondered. Why were you trouble?
63) 6) dialog: What were your parents like? Pause. Robert doesn't reply. She looks at him curiously.
63) 7) dialog: What?
63) 9) dialog: What?
64) 0) text: Robert is in the living room making up the floor again with blankets and pillows. Francesca enters. He stops. She extends her hand. He takes it and she leads him upstairs. He stops before they ascend.
65) 0) text: Francesca guides Robert into bed beneath the covers. They begin to make love -- softly, lovingly -- like a couple that are beyond the erotic, discovéry stage; a couple that have been together and in love for years.
68) 0) text: Francesca is serving Robert breakfast, then sits down beside him. Silence. We can sense some tension between them -- this being their last day together. Francesca seems ingenuously friendly. Robert is suspicious.
68) 1) dialog: Sleep all right?
68) 3) dialog: Good. More coffee? (as he nods, she pours) . Robert, I hope you don't mind my asking but I feel like I should.
68) 5) dialog: Well, these... women friends of yours... all over the world. How does it work? Do you see some of them again? Do you forget others? Do you write them now and then? How do you manage it? Her facetiousness startles Robert.
68) 9) dialog: Well, I just want to know the procedure. I don't want to upset your routine... Do you want any jam?
68) 11) dialog: Well, what is this?
68) 13) dialog: To do what? Be with someone who needs everyone and no one in particular? I mean, what would be the point. Would you pass the butter?
68) 15) dialog: Yes. Absolutely. You have this habit of not needing and that it's hard to break. I understand. (beat) Of course, in that case, why sleep -- you don't need rest; or for that matter eat, you don't need food. his plate away from him, rises and throws it into the sink.
68) 17) dialog: (sarcastic) Gee, I don't know. I guess I'm not cut out to be a world citizen who experiences everything and nothing at the same time. (CONTINUED )
68) 23) dialog: (angry) I know you! What can this possibly mean to anyone who doesn't 'need' meaning -- (mocking) "Who goes with the Mystery’ -- who pretends he isn't scared to death.
68) 25) dialog: After you leave, I'm going to have to wonder for the rest of my life what happened here. If anything happened at all! And I'll have to wonder if you find yourself in some... housewife's kitchen in Romania if you'll sit there and tell her about your world of good friends and secretly include me in that group.
68) 27) dialog: (nonchalantly ) I don't want you to say anything. I don't need you to say anything. Robert rises, knocking his chair aside.
68) 29) dialog: Fine. More eggs, or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time?
68) 31) dialog: No one's asking you to!
68) 35) dialog: (angry) . You won't be made to feel! Period. You've carved out this little part for yourself in the world where you get to be a voyeur, a hermit and a lover whenever you feel like it and the rest of us are just supposed to feel so incredibly grateful for the brief time you've touched our lives! hell! It isn't human not to feel lonely -- it isn't human not to be afraid! You're a hypocrite and you're a phony!
68) 37) dialog: Why? ~~
68) 39) dialog: What does that have to do with it? He throws a cup at the wall. It breaks apart. Covering his face, Robert turns away from her as he holds onto the sink. Francesca reaches for him but he pulls away, embarrassed.
68) 40) dialog: (softly) Don't you see, I’ve got to know the truth, Robert. I've got to know the truth or I'll go crazy. Either way. Just tell me. But I can't act like this is enough because it has to be. I can't pretend I don't... feel what I feel because it's over tomorrow. Robert, keeping his face from her, tries to tell her:
68) 44) dialog: What makes it different, Robert? Robert turns to face her. He is so hopelessly in love he can hardly find the words. His eyes fill up with tears.
68) 46) dialog: Oh, God... what are we going to do? She kisses him -- over and over, not wanting to be even an inch apart. As if any space between them might separate them forever. : Suddenly, 0.S., they hear a CAR DRIVE UP to the house. They panic. Francesca runs to the window to see: MADGE, a girlfriend, has come for a visit. Madge is holding a homemade dessert.
68) 47) dialog: No. No. Where's your truck?
69) 0) text: Francesca opens the door to Madge.
69) 1) dialog: Madge?-
70) 0) text: Madge and Francesca sit facing the pasture beside a table with coffee and brown betty. We PARACHUTE INTO the middle of the scene.
70) 8) dialog: I don't know. I woke up a little dizzy: I didn't sleep well. I think I need to lay down.
70) 10) dialog: No, no -- I just didn't sleep well. I'm not used to sleeping alone. And this heat... Would you mind?
70) 12) dialog: No, leave it. I'll do it later. Listen, maybe you and Floyd can come for dinner on Saturday. I'm sure Richard'll have so many stories to tell you both about the fair and all.
71) 0) text: Francesca enters to find Robert lying on the bed fully clothed. She sits beside him. He strokes her arm, then guides her to lie down. Once she's in his arms, he speaks.
71) 2) dialog: Hold me. She turns to him and they embrace. Robert, however, fears only one response.
72) 0) text: MUSIC PLAYS OVER the next few images. CAMERA SLOWLY PANS FROM the RADIO, upon which the SONG is playing, TO a beautifully set table and candles. It ARRIVES ON Robert preparing dinner. He stands at the sink rinsing out some utensils. Waiting for the water to turn hot, he looks out THROUGH the window above the sink. He sees a beauti- ful view of the night. He pauses as it strikes him that this is a view Francesca has seen a million times -- that soon She would not see ever again.
74) 2) dialog: No matter how I keep turning it around in my mind -- it doesn't seem like the right thing.
74) 4) dialog: For anyone. They'll never be able to live through the talk. Richard could never get his arms around this. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
74) 8) dialog: He doesn't deserve that. He hasn't hurt anyone in his life.
74) 10) dialog: His family's lived here for almost a hundred years. Richard doesn't know how to live anywhere else. And the kids...
74) 12) dialog: No, they don't say much. But Carolyn's 16. She's just about to find out about all this for herself -- she's going to fall in love, she’s going to try and figure out how to build a life with someone. If I leave, what does that say to her?
74) 14) dialog: You've got to know deep down that the minute we leave here, it'll all change.
74) 16) dialog: No matter how much distance we put between us and this house, I bring it with me... and I'll feel it every minute we're together. And I'll blame loving you for how much it hurts. And then even these four days won't be anything more than something sordid and... a mistake. (CONTINUED )
74) 22) dialog: We are the choices we've made, Robert. Robert rises and turns his back on her.
74) 23) dialog: Robert. Please. (desperate) You don't understand -- no one does. When a woman makes the choice to marry, to have children -- in one way her life begins but in another way it stops. You build a life of details. You become a mother, a wife and you stop and stay steady so that your children can move. And when they leave they take your life of details with them. And then you're expected to move again only you don’t remember what moves you because no one has asked in so long. Not even yourself. You never in your life think that love like this can happen to you.
74) 25) dialog: I want to keep it forever. I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
74) 28) dialog: Don't you understand -- we'll lose it if we leave. I can't maké an entire life disappear to start a new one. All I can do is try to hold onto us both. Help me. Help me not lose loving you. She embraces him. He wraps his arms around her. He whispers.
74) 31) dialog: I don't know. Please...
74) 33) dialog: No. Don't do this.
74) 35) dialog: Robert, if that happens, you'll have to decide. I won't be able to. (CONTINUED)
75) 0) text: Robert walks briskly towards his truck, not wanting to look back. He gets in, STARTS IT UP and drives away. Francesca exits the house and watches the truck recede into the distance. She stops when she reaches the front gate, leaning against it. She murmurs to herself --
75) 1) dialog: Keep going. Please. The truck drives away. Then, suddenly, stops. Francesca's heart quickens. She watches as the truck stands on the road in the distance. As if Robert was deciding to turn around or keep going. Francesca waits. Suddenly, the door to the truck flies open and Robert exits. Francesca loses all restraint. She opens the gate but her dress is caught on it. Robert stands by the truck. Francesca tears at the dress, ripping off a button which falls to the ground. She runs down the road. Seeing her, Robert runs towards her as well. They grab each other furiously. For these few moments, all considerations are gone. CAMERA PANS UP TO the road beyond Robert's truck. We see Richard's truck driving towards them. For a moment it seems as if they will be caught until we realize Richard's truck is being SUPERIMPOSED as the light gradually brightens to reveal:
77) 0) text: The Johnson family has dinner as Francesca narrates:
77) 1) dialog: You all came home. And with you, my life of details.
78) 1) dialog: A day or two passed and with each thought of him, a task would present itself like a life saver, . pulling me further and further away from those four days.
79) 0) text: Francesca is reading. Richard watches TV.
79) 1) dialog: I was grateful. I felt safe.
80) 0) text: A light rain is beginning to fall. Richard and Francesca drive up to the general store to buy groceries. Francesca heads for the store as Richard crosses the street. : (CONTINUED )
80) 3) dialog: Want anything special for dinner?
80) 5) dialog: (smiles) . Okay. She enters the store.
81) 0) text: Francesca makes small talk with the grocery lady as she buys what she needs.
82) 0) text: The rain has gotten heavier. Francesca places a bag of groceries on the front seat of the truck, then gets in herself to wait for Richard. She takes a deep breath and removes a handkerchief from her bag to wipe the raindrops from her face. She freezes -- THROUGH the windshield, she sees Robert standing in the rain beside his truck across the street, staring at her. Her heart stops. For a moment, she isn't even sure he's real. . The town moves about its business around them. But neither notice or care. Whatever safety or forgetfulness she felt is gone. Her feelings burst through. She sits there helpless before him -- willing to go or stay depending on what he did. He begins walking towards her. She prepares herself. Her life will change -- it has to. There's no turning back. But the closer Robert gets, the clearer he can see that she is crying. And he stops. (CONTINUED )
82) 6) dialog: For a moment, I didn't know where Iwas. And for a split second, the thought crossed my mind that he really didn't want me -- that it was easy to walk away.
83) 0) text: Their momentum brings them up right behind the old pick- up, and sitting high in the Chevy, Francesca can see a black tarpaulin lashed down tight in the back, outlining a suitcase and guitar case wedged in next to the spare tire lying flat. The back window is rain-spattered but part of his head is visible.
83) 1) dialog: Robert leaned over as if to get something from the glove box. Eight days ago he'd done that and his arm had brushed across my leg. A week ago I had been in Des Moines buying a new dress.
84) 4) dialog: Since Robert Kincaid had driven away from me last Friday, I realized, in spite of how much I thought I'd cared for him then, I had nonetheless badly underestimated my feelings. That didn't seem possible, but it was true. I had begun to understand what he already understood. Francesca sits frozen by her responsibilities, staring at that back window harder than she has ever looked at anything in her life.
84) 6) dialog: 'Oh, Christ -- oh, Jesus Christ Almighty... no!' (MORE) (CONTINUED)
84) 9) dialog: The words were inside of me. 'I was wrong, Robert, I was wrong to stay... but I can't go. Let me tell you again why I can't go... Tell me again why I should go.' I heard his voice coming back down the highway...
84) 11) dialog: (whispers ) Goodbye, Robert Kincaid. She begins to cry openly. Richard looks over at her.
84) 13) dialog: Richard, I just need some time to myself. I'll be alright in a few minutes. Richard TUNES IN to the NOON LIVESTOCK REPORTS, looks over at her and shakes his head.
85) 0) text: The rain is beginning to back off. Richard's truck drives up. Francesca steps out with her bag of groceries and walks briskly into the house. Richard follows more slowly with his bag of feed, stopping at the gate to pick up the button from Francesca's red dress.
86) 0) text: Francesca enters and places her groceries on the counter. She tries to compose herself. She sees the RADIO before her. She turns it ON. The DINAH WASHINGTON SONG, "I'll Close My Eyes" evokes every feeling of love and loss within her. She begins to cry. She hears Richard enter the house. She stands out of sight, holding her hand to her mouth to muffle her crying. She hears:
87) 2) dialog: I almost told him. In that moment I felt as if I couldn't hold it “back. If he really loved me, maybe he'd understand. She returns to her meal. The family eats in silence.
87) 3) dialog: I was grateful for the silence that night. I realized love won't obey our expectations. Its mystery is pure and absolute. What Robert and I had, could not continue if we were together. What Richard and I shared would vanish if we were apart. But how I wanted to share this. How would our lives have changed if I had? Could anyone else have seen the beauty of it? cut TO: 82 83 84 94.
88) 0) text: Francesca moves about the kitchen with a frantic pace as she puts the finishing touches on a cake. Placing the frosting bowl in the sink, she hears SOMEONE UPSTAIRS exiting their bedroom. She quickly gathers the cake and her bag and exits through the screen door. CUT To:
90) 0) text: A hand knocks on a door. LUCY REDFIELD opens it to find Francesca standing there with a cake.
90) 1) dialog: Hi. I'm Francesca Johnson. I just feel awful that I haven't come to visit sooner. I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Is it too late? Lucy is shocked and moved at the same time.
90) 3) dialog: I was wondering if... maybe you'd like some company. (almost manic) I baked a cake! Lucy looks at the cake. She's a little dazed by all this.
92) 0) text: An older Francesca cares for a sickly Richard. He lies in bed beside an array of medicines and tonics. She wipes his forehead with a cool cloth as he takes his pills.
92) 1) dialog: Better? He nods. She smiles. She shuts off the light and lies beside him.
92) 3) dialog: Hmmm?
93) 0) text: Francesca picnics at the same spot she shared with Robert.
93) 1) dialog: -After your father died, I tried to get in touch with Robert but found out he had left the National Geographic. No’ one seemed to know where he was. My only connections to him were the places we'd been to that one day. And so each year on, on my birthday, I'd re-visit them.
94) 0) text: Francesca greets a UPS man with an envelope and a package.
94) 1) dialog: And then one day, I received the letter from his attorney, with a package.
95) 0) text: Francesca reads the letter informing her of Robert's death. She then unwraps the package to reveal a medallion with her name inscribed and a photography book; a published collection of black-and-white photos by Robert Kincaid entitled Four Days. Pressed between two pages, the note Francesca left for Robert on Roseman Bridge. We only see the words "white moths are on the wing." On the front page there reads an inscription, "FOR F.":
96) 3) dialog: There has not been a day since that I have not thought of him, When he said we were no longer two people, he was right...
97) 1) dialog: We were bound together as tightly as two people can be. If it hadn't been for him, I don't think I would have lasted on the farm all these years. Remember that dress of mine you wanted, Carolyn -- the one you said I never wore. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
97) 4) dialog: Well, I know I was silly. But to me, it was as if you were asking to wear my wedding dress to go to the movies. Carolyn smiles as she holds the dress before her.
101) 1) dialog: "I gave Lucy his photography book. If you're interested, take a look. If my words still leave some things unclear, perhaps his pictures can illuminate. After all, that's what an artist does best.! Michael receives the urn from the priest. He and Carolyn walk away from the group towards the bridge. They stop. gazolyn removes the lid. Michael sets his mother's ashes ree.
101) 2) dialog: 'I love you both with all my heart. Do what you have to to be happy in this life. There is so much beauty. Go well, my children. ' FADE OUT.