1) 0) text: CAROLYN, mid-40s, is standing in the doorway of the farmhouse watching a car drive up the road towards her. A LAWYER is unloading a briefcase from the trunk of his car. As the car approaches, Carolyn smiles. She steps out of the doorway and heads for the car, out of which exit her brother MICHAEL and his country girl wife BETTY, a stout buxom chatterbox. Both boast Florida tans and fashion styles.
2) 0) text: The Lawyer hands Michael a document.
2) 1) dialog: Just sign here as having received the contents from the safe deposit box. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
2) 4) dialog: (as Michael does) And this one, which clears the bank of all further responsibility for the contents. Betty whispers to Carolyn.
2) 6) dialog: Your mother has been interred at Cedar Heights Funeral Home until arrangements can be made.
2) 10) dialog: Your mother left explicit instructions that she wished to be cremated,
2) 17) dialog: (reading will) Apparently just before her death.
2) 21) dialog: It clearly states in the will --
2) 23) dialog: Well, she was very specific. She wanted her ashes to be thrown off Roseman Bridge.
2) 27) dialog: Well, it was notarized and witnessed by a Mrs. Lucy Delaney. Maybe you can ask her.
2) 37) dialog: Well, we'll come back to that. Shall we open the box?
2) 48) dialog: One is for the original parcel your father bought and this one is for the additional acres he purchased in '59.
2) 50) dialog: Those are bills of sale from the equipment your mother sold in... Their conversation continues 0.S. Throughout their conversation, we FOCUS ON Carolyn as she reads and her expression sinks into one of shock and confusion. She flips to the last page of the letter to read who it is from. She can't believe her eyes.
2) 63) dialog: No. Betty prattles on as she examines each item, much to the Lawyer's dismay, hiding her resentment and hurt. (CONTINUED)
66) 0) text: Carolyn sits on the porch with the notebook on her lap, thinking to herself. She decides she needs a cigarette and searches through her bag. Finding her pack and lighter, she stops -- simultaneously discovering a business card from a matrimonial lawyer; pre-nups, divorce, estate planning. She fingers the card in her hand, pauses, then looks up upon hearing Michael's car return home.
100) 0) text: Wearing her mother's dress, Carolyn sits on the bed hold- ing the phone, waiting for Steve to pick up. In her other hand, she holds the divorce lawyer's card.