7) 0) text: Francesca is packing Richard's suitcase. Richard is at his bureau. He is trying to open a drawer but it's stuck.
7) 1) dialog: Damn drawer! Francesca crosses to him and ushers him aside. Holds onto the drawer nobs, she looks at Richard, pauses, then does a funny jolt with her body that makes the drawer slip out easily.
7) 3) dialog: (to bureau, joking) I'm sorry. I shouldn't have yelled. May I get a handkerchief, please? Francesca chuckles as she closes up the suitcase. Richard takes out a handkerchief from the drawer and closes it.
7) 8) dialog: I swear. Only filters and no more than half a pack a day. I got my orders.
7) 10) dialog: I know, I know. I'm kidding. You sure you don't want to come? Francesca looks at Richard with complete conviction.
7) 12) dialog: What are you going to do for four days as a woman of leisure?
7) 13) text: Same thing I do as a hired hand, only with less help. Francesca realizes this has hurt Richard's feelings. She smiles.
7) 14) dialog: I won't be able-to sleep ya know. Can't sleep without you next to me anymore.
32) 53) dialog: Franny?
32) 55) dialog: How are you?
32) 57) dialog: Just fine. We're all in one room. - Michael's on the couch and Carolyn's... (continues) She hears Robert's truck DOOR OPEN and CLOSE. She hears the MOTOR being turned ON. She half listens to Richard.
32) 59) dialog: We got our position in the fair. Not bad, although I would have liked to be third which is not too early and not too late. But I told Carolyn not to worry... (continues, if needed)
49) 0) text: Francesca sits in her slip, alone in a dressing room, with several dresses strewn about. The panic of inde- cision has set in. She looks at herself in the mirror and begins to doubt that seeing Robert is a good idea. Or perhaps she's imagining something that isn't there. And what about Richard? (CONTINUED )
76) 0) text: Richard, Michael and Carolyn drive down the road toward the house. (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: Francesca is reading. Richard watches TV.
80) 0) text: A light rain is beginning to fall. Richard and Francesca drive up to the general store to buy groceries. Francesca heads for the store as Richard crosses the street. : (CONTINUED )
80) 4) dialog: Hmmm. How about that brown sugar meat loaf you make?
82) 0) text: The rain has gotten heavier. Francesca places a bag of groceries on the front seat of the truck, then gets in herself to wait for Richard. She takes a deep breath and removes a handkerchief from her bag to wipe the raindrops from her face. She freezes -- THROUGH the windshield, she sees Robert standing in the rain beside his truck across the street, staring at her. Her heart stops. For a moment, she isn't even sure he's real. . The town moves about its business around them. But neither notice or care. Whatever safety or forgetfulness she felt is gone. Her feelings burst through. She sits there helpless before him -- willing to go or stay depending on what he did. He begins walking towards her. She prepares herself. Her life will change -- it has to. There's no turning back. But the closer Robert gets, the clearer he can see that she is crying. And he stops. (CONTINUED )
83) 2) dialog: That truck's a long way from home. Washington State. I'11 bet it's that photographer they been talkin’ about at the cafe. Francesca doesn't respond. She is struggling to fight back her tears.
84) 5) dialog: What's he waiting for? Francesca looks up to see that traffic has cleared in all directions. But Robert doesn't move. Francesca knows he is going through the same thing as she is in that moment. And then she sees: Robert, knowing Francesca is watching, takes off the medallion and hangs it on his rear-view mirror -- touching it gently, as if he were touching her. Richard BEEPS his HORN lightly. But Robert's truck just sits there. Francesca's eyes begin to tear up. Her hand grips the door handle. She doesn't have the strength to stay -- and she doesn’t have the strength to leave. Suddenly, Kincaid's left signal light comes on. In a moment he'll be gone. Richard fiddles with the Chevy's RADIO. Robert slowly eases his old pickup into the intersection heading west, lowering his window to help with visibility Francesca squints through her tears and the rain and fog and sees the faded red paint on the door: "Kincaid Photography -- Bellingham, Washington.” As Robert completes the turn, Francesca can see his hair blowing in the wind from the open window. He begins to accelerate down 92 and rolls up the window.
84) 12) dialog: What's wrong, Franny? Will you please tell me what's wrong with you?
85) 0) text: The rain is beginning to back off. Richard's truck drives up. Francesca steps out with her bag of groceries and walks briskly into the house. Richard follows more slowly with his bag of feed, stopping at the gate to pick up the button from Francesca's red dress.
86) 0) text: Francesca enters and places her groceries on the counter. She tries to compose herself. She sees the RADIO before her. She turns it ON. The DINAH WASHINGTON SONG, "I'll Close My Eyes" evokes every feeling of love and loss within her. She begins to cry. She hears Richard enter the house. She stands out of sight, holding her hand to her mouth to muffle her crying. She hears:
86) 2) dialog: What?! She hears Richard exit the house.
87) 0) text: At dinner, Richard remembers the button he found.
87) 1) dialog: Oh, Franny, is this yours? Francesca sees the button. She speaks to Richard MOS. The scene continues and her narration is heard:
92) 0) text: An older Francesca cares for a sickly Richard. He lies in bed beside an array of medicines and tonics. She wipes his forehead with a cool cloth as he takes his pills.
92) 2) dialog: Franny?
92) 4) dialog: I just want to say... I know you had your own dreams. I'm sorry I couldn't give them to you. I love you so much. Francesca turns to him. She is so touched, tears fill her eyes. She nestles close to him, wrapping her arms around him.