11) 0) text: Francesca, wearing a simple house dress, has two rugs hung over the porch. She is beating them to get the dust out. It is a hot day. She stops to wipe her brow. She - grabs a glass of iced tea from off the porch, takes a sip then presses the glass against her chest. Francesca looks up to the sun to clear her mind. It is blinding. When she looks back out onto her driveway, her vision is momentarily blurred. Until, slowly, out of the blur, she sees: A truck driving toward her house, kicking up dust, like some phantom appearing through the etheric plane. She sips her cool drink and blinks to regain her vision. The truck comes down her driveway and stops halfway. Francesca watches with suspicious curiosity as: The truck stops and ROBERT KINCAID steps out. Flashing his blue eyes in her direction, he smiles and says: ROBERT . Sorry to bother you but I've got a feeling I'm lost. Francesca remains guarded.
11) 4) dialog: (laughs ) Yeah.
11) 6) dialog: I'm looking for a covered bridge out this way... uh... wait a minute -- He looks through a small notepad for the name. Francesca watches him intently.
11) 8) dialog: That's it.
11) 10) dialog: Oh, terrific. Which way?
11) 12) dialog: Cutter's?
11) 14) dialog: Oh. Okay.
11) 16) dialog: Which fork? (CONTINUED)
11) 20) dialog: Sure would. Pause as Robert awaits directions and Francesca scans a sudden impulse.
11) 23) dialog: If I'm not taking you away from anything. (CONTINUED )
13) 0) text: Francesca approaches the truck. On the door, she reads: KINCAID PHOTOGRAPHY -- BELLINGHAM, WASHINGTON. Robert is clearing away paper cups, banana peels, paper bags, photography equipment. In the back, Francesca notices a cooler and a guitar case.
13) 1) dialog: I wasn't expecting company. Let me get this out of the way. He hauls a case of film from the front to the back. Francesca notices his tanned, muscular arm move in one graceful sweep.
13) 2) dialog: Okay. All set. Francesca smiles. They both get into the truck.
13) 3) dialog: Now, where are we going?
14) 0) text: The truck bounces along on the rock road, lime dust filling the air. Kincaid and Francesca ride in silence. The truck passes a small farmhouse, and a large angry yellow DOG races alongside, SNARLING and BARKING. Robert looks at Francesca and grins.
14) 1) dialog: So far, so good. This way?
14) 3) dialog: There's a wonderful smell about Iowa -- very particular to this part of the country. Do you know what I mean?
14) 5) dialog: I can't describe it, I think it's from the loam in the soil. This very rich, earthy kind of... alive... No. No, that's not right. Can you smell it?
14) 7) dialog: That must be it. It's a great smell. Francesca wants to know more about him.
14) 9) dialog: Uh-huh. Lived there 'til I was twenty or so, and then moved to Chicago when I got married.
14) 11) dialog: After the divorce. (CONTINUED)
14) 15) dialog: How long you been married?
14) 17) dialog: Are you from here originally, if you don't mind my asking.
14) 19) dialog: Well, from Italy to Iowa ~- you don't look particularly Italian. (as Francesca smiles) Whereabouts in Italy?
14) 21) dialog: Qh, yeah, Bari. I've been there.
14) 23) dialog: Oh, yeah. Actually, I had an assignment in Greece and I had to go through Bari, to get the boat at Brindisi. But it looked so pretty, I got off and stayed for a few days. Breathtaking country. is overcome by the idea of such freedom.
14) 25) dialog: Yeah. Excuse me a sec. (CONTINUED)
14) 28) dialog: Like one? Francesca hesitates.
14) 30) dialog: So, how long you've been living here?
14) 32) dialog: (laughs ) Yeah.
15) 0) text: The truck stops. They exit. Robert takes out some equipment.
15) 1) dialog: This won't take long. I'm shooting tomorrow morning. I just need to ~ do some prep work.
15) 7) dialog: Is it always this hot? Francesca moves quickly away from the plank, like a Peeping Tom who's been caught. .
15) 9) dialog: I have some cold drinks in a cooler if you'd like.
15) 11) dialog: Not right now thanks. Francesca heads back to the truck, grateful for something to occupy her.
16) 0) text: Inside the truck, she scans for the cooler bag. She sees it next to a duffel bag. The bag's zipper is opened. She glimpses inside at Robert's personal things -- clothes, socks, underwear, shav.ng kit. Life magazines from July and August, one depicting the death of Adlai Stevenson, the other a cover photo of the Watts riots. Th guitar leans against the cooler. She grabs a soda from out of it.
17) 0) text: At the bridge, Francesca looks for Robert in the ravine but he is gone. (CONTINUED)
17) 4) dialog: Oh! You caught me. He rises with a bouquet of wildflowers for her.
17) 5) dialog: Thanks for your help. Francesca smiles, not knowing how to take this.
17) 6) dialog: Men still give women flowers don't they? I mean, as a sign of appreciation? I'm not that out of date, am I?
17) 8) dialog: What! He flings the flowers down. He wipes his hands furiously.
17) 10) dialog: (smiling) Are you by nature a sadistic person? She laughs as she helps him pick them up. Cut TO:
18) 4) dialog: I found this Chicago station -- before. Wait a minute...
18) 7) dialog: Want another cigarette?
19) 0) text: Robert's truck drives down the road and into the driveway.
19) 1) dialog: Well, thank you for the kindnesses, Mrs. Johnson.
19) 3) dialog: Francesca. Robert. Francesca nods, as if to say hello and goodbye in the same moment. She gets out of the car, closes the door, then asks:
20) 0) text: Robert fiddles with the kitchen RADIO, tuning in to the Chicago station. Francesca is making iced tea. Robert sits back down at the kitchen table.
20) 2) dialog: Sure. With her back to him, Robert never takes his eyes off her. She turns and crosses to him, with the tea. .
20) 3) dialog: Thanks. Francesca smiles and sips her own. She watches him gulp down the tea so fast, some of it dribbles down the ide of his face and neck. Francesca finds it sexy. He empties it. .
20) 5) dialog: Sure you want to keep those in the house?
20) 7) dialog: A little place with cabins. The something-Motor Inn. I haven't checked in yet.
20) 12) dialog: As long as it takes. I might stay a week. No more I don't think. Where's your family?
20) 14) dialog: Oh. How old?
20) 16) dialog: No, your kids.
20) 18) dialog: Must be nice having kids.
20) 20) dialog: Everything does. One of the laws of nature. People are always so afraid of change. But if you look at it like it's something you can count on happening, it's actually a comfort. Not many things you can count on for sure.
20) 22) dialog: I doubt that.
20) 24) dialog: Italy to Iowa? I'd call that a change. (CONTINUED )
20) 28) dialog: What's he like?
20) 30) dialog: Clean?
20) 32) dialog: And clean.
20) 34) dialog: So you must like Iowa I guess. Francesca looks at him. She wants to tell the truth but holds back.
20) 36) dialog: Go ahead. TI won't tell anyone. Surprised, Francesca looks at him oddly -- as if he already knows and is giving her permission. Francesca is so taken by his understanding and acceptance, she lets the flood gates open, speaking faster than her mind can keep up -- (CONTINUED)
20) 42) dialog: I scribbled something in my notebook the other day for future use, just had the idea while driving along. That happens a lot. It goes like this: ‘The old dreams were good dreams; they didn't work out, but I'm glad I had them.’ I'm not sure what that means, but I'll use it somewhere. So I think I kind of know how you feel. Francesca smiles at him. For the first time, the smile seems warm and deep. She surprises herself. She doesn't want him to go.
20) 48) dialog: That's very nice of you. I don't get many dinner invitations on the job. It would be a welcome change. Thanks.
22) 0) text: Robert is at the water pump. His shirt is off and he is washing himself. We INTERCUT the two.
24) 0) text: Robert pauses and looks out over the open pasture. The cold water feels good. Since the pump is in the back of the house, hidden from the road, no one can see him. INT.. BEDROOM . 19¢ Francesca continues studying Robert until she has to literally pull herself away from the window with such a force that she rams herself into a chest of drawers. Taking a breath, she pulls herself together.
25) 0) text: Francesca is gathering some vegetables for dinner from her garden. Robert is at his truck, in his pants, changing into a fresh shirt.
26) 0) text: Francesca is cutting up vegetables. Robert enters with some of his gear.
26) 1) dialog: I'm just going to put some of this film in your fridge. Heat isn't too forgiving out there. He does. On the RADIO, TONY BENNETT sings "Wrap Your Troubles In Dreams." Robert approaches Francesca.
26) 2) dialog: Can I help?
26) 4) dialog: Sure. Men cook.
27) 0) text: Robert and Francesca are in the middle of dinner. But instead of the usual silence that surrounds Johnson family eating, Francesca is mesmerized by Robert as he manages to eat and tell a story. The scene begins with a laugh from Francesca. :
27) 1) dialog: (laughs ) --. No, wait, it gets better. He stands up and acts it out for her.
27) 2) dialog: You have to get the full picture here. I have three cameras around my neck, a tripod in one hand and my pants down around my ankles. I thought this was a private bush. I look up and this gorilla is staring at me with what can best be described as the most lascivious expression I've ever seen on a body with so much hair. Francesca laughs.
27) 3) dialog: I freeze. 'Cause that's what they tell you to do. In this position. It comes towards me and... and... He stops awkwardly. (CONTINUED )
27) 8) dialog: It starts...
27) 10) dialog: (mock hurt) . It's still a very sensitive memory for me.
27) 12) dialog: We got engaged. She laughs.
27) 14) dialog: I hope so, too. We still write. Francesca is laughing so hard she can't breathe. Robert loves making her laugh.
27) 16) dialog: Nah. L've tried. My writing's too technical I think. Problem of being a journalist too long is you stop giving yourself permission to invent. I better just stick to making pictures.
27) 18) dialog: {nods, smiles shyly) I'm kind of obsessed by it, actually. (CONTINUED)
27) 24) dialog: I don't know if obsessions have reasons. I think that's why they're obsessions.
27) 26) dialog: No. I wouldn't say that. National Geographic likes their wild life in focus and without any personal comment. I don't mind really. I'm no artist. I'd faced that a long time ago. It's the curse of being well-adjusted. I'm too normal.
27) 29) dialog: Well, let's just call it a compliment and move on. (changes subject) Did you love teaching?
27) 31) dialog: And did you?
27) 33) dialog: Why did you stop? (CONTINUED )
27) 37) dialog: Do you miss it?
27) 39) dialog: You're asking a man if he's too tired to talk about himself? You don't get out much, do you? smiles, a little embarrassed.
27) 40) dialog: I'm sorry. That was...
27) 42) dialog: This is your home. It's not nowhere. And it's not dull. smiles again, this time relieved.
27) 43) dialog: Lets see -- my favorite place... settles in to listen, never taking her eyes off of him.
27) 44) dialog: Well, it's the obvious choice but I think I'd have to say Africa. It's another world. Not just the people and ‘the cultures but the land, the colors you see at dawns and dusks -- and the life there. It charges every molecule of air. Francesca is fascinated, being drawn into his imagery. (CONTINUED )
27) 47) text: It's tangible -- the moment to moment of life and death, the co- habitation of man and beast, of beast and beast, who'll survive, who won't -- and there's no judgment about it. No right or wrong or imposed morality. It's just life. It's a voyeur's paradise really because those animals don't want anybody in their business. You can watch but at a distance. Robert smiles at her, sensing how in tune she is with his feelings.
27) 49) dialog: They have safaris for tourists now. Maybe you can convince your husband. Francesca smiles. There is an awkward pause between them.
27) 50) dialog: It's a beautiful night. Would you like to go for a walk?
28) 0) text: Francesca and Robert walk through the pasture. It is a beautiful night.
28) 1) dialog: You've got it all right here, you know. It’s just as beautiful as any other place I've seen.
28) 5) dialog: (indicating the night) This. ‘The silver apples of the moon, The golden apples of the sun.' Francesca looks at him with surprise.
28) 7) dialog: Right. Good stuff, Yeats. Realism, economy, sensuousness, beauty, magic. Appeals to my Irish heritage. She watches him with great appreciation. He smiles at her. Instead of looking away, their eyes remain locked . for a moment. There is clearly an attraction. They simultaneously look away and continue walking. Francesca's heart is beating a mile a minute yet she can't deny she is enjoying herself. Walking side hy side in silence, Francesca turns back occasionally to look at her house as they get further away from it. Suddenly, the more distant the house becomes, the more frightened she starts to feel. Something inside her knows she's going too far with this man -- too far from home. Although a part of her wants it, she is surprised to find a larger part of her finds it too unknown. She stops. .
28) 8) dialog: What's wrong? Francesca looks confused for a moment, not knowing what she wants. She can't move. She searches for a way out.
28) 10) dialog: How about both? 24 43.
29) 0) text: The room is illuminated by a single light over the kitchen sink. Francesca moves about the kitchen preparing coffee -- dropping the coffee pot basket, spilling the grounds. She acts tense. Robert sits at the table opening the brandy bottle Francesca almost opened the night before, aware of her mood. There are two brandy glasses in the cupboard that Robert takes down. Francesca gets the coffee going then sets the table with cups and saucers.
29) 1) dialog: You sure you won't let me help you with those dishes?
29) 3) dialog: Francesca?
29) 5) dialog: Are you alright?
29) 7) dialog: Francesca?
29) 9) dialog: We're not doing anything wrong, you know. Francesca freezes. He has read her mind again.
29) 10) dialog: (smiles) : Nothing you can't tell your children about. Once again, he relieves her of fear and anxiety. He hands her a glass of brandy, raises his glass to shoulder level and moves it toward her. (CONTINUED)
29) 14) dialog: To ancient evenings and distant music. Francesca takes a short breath, touches her glass to his and smiles a little. They sit in comfortable silence, enjoying their brandy and coffee, smoking a little. The soft sounds of a hot summer night fill the air ~- a PHEASANT CALLS from the fields, a DOG BARKS twice in the distance, CRICKETS quietly SERENADE and a moth flutters against the sink light.
32) 0) text: Francesca sips her brandy. Robert sits across from her.
32) 2) dialog: Not at all. TI wasn't around much... So why did I get married? Well, I thought it was a good idea at the time. Have a home base. Roots. You can get lost moving around so much.
32) 4) dialog: I never got lost. I was more at home everywhere than at one place. So I decided to think of myself as some kind of world citizen.
32) 6) dialog: Never touch the stuff. I've got friends all over the world. Good friends I can see when I want, if I want.
32) 8) dialog: I'm a loner, not a monk. Francesca averts her eyes, before continuing her investigation. (CONTINUED)
32) 13) dialog: No, I think I need everyone! I love people. I.want to meet them all!
32) 15) dialog: I just think there are too many out there saying, ‘This is mine,' or, 'She's mine.’ Too many lines have. been drawn. :
32) 17) dialog: I don't know what's coming. And I don't mind. I embrace mystery.
32) 19) dialog: No.
32) 21) dialog: Not everyone's supposed to have a family. —
32) 23) dialog: I told you, I love other people.
32) 28) dialog: No. But I love them just the same.
32) 30) dialog: I know it's not the same. What you're saying is, it's not as good. Or it’s not as normal or proper.
32) 32) dialog: (interrupting) I'm a little sick of this American Family Ethic everyone seems to be hypnotized by in this country. I guess you think I'm just some poor displaced soul doomed to roam the earth without a self-cleaning oven and home movies.
32) 34) dialog: Do you want to leave your husband? is completely stunned and thrown off guard.
32) 36) dialog: My mistake. I apologize.
32) 40) dialog: I thought that's what we were doing -- asking questions.
32) 42) dialog: I already apologized. Silence. Robert remains seated. Francesca remains at the sink.
32) 43) dialog: Roseman Bridge at dawn, I'd better get going. . : (rises) Thank you for dinner. Pause. Francesca feels badly.
32) 45) dialog: No, no. Forgive me. I made a mistake. It was an inappropriate thing to ask. Francesca shrugs it off.
32) 47) dialog: It's been a perfect evening. Just the way it is. Thank you. Francesca smiles. The possibility of a kiss hangs in the air between them until Robert turns to get his film out o the fridge. As he exits through the screen door, he stops. (CONTINUED)
32) 50) dialog: Thanks for the evening, the supper, the walk. They were all nice. You're a good person, ‘Francesca. Keep the brandy toward the front of the cupboard, maybe it will work out after awhile. He smiles and exits, catching the screen door before it slams. Robert takes a few steps down the porch and turns.
32) 51) dialog: One thing, though -- don't kid yourself, Francesca. You're anything but a simple woman. Francesca doesn't move for a moment, then crosses to the door as if to run after him, when she is stopped by the PHONE RINGING. She picks it up.
34) 0) text: Francesca is in front of a full-length mirror, her robe opened, applying Calomine lotion to insect bites. Suddenly, she stops to notice her body. CAMERA ANGLES OVER her shoulder. It is the first time in years she has actually stopped to look and touch her body running her hands gently over her curves, her neck, down the side of her thighs, her face, her breasts. She stops. She closes her robe and shuts off the light. She sits on the bed. . She gets an idea and crosses to a jewelry box on her bureau. She searches through it, then removes a section to reveal another compartment. It is filled with things she hasn't worn in years -- out of date earrings, pins, etc... Lying amongst these items is an Italian-looking medallion on a chain. She holds it lovingly and puts it on. Crossing to the window, she looks out and she sees the water pump Robert used that day.
37) 0) text: The car headlights light the way as Francesca walks bare- foot towards the bridge. Jack lopes on ahead, checking things out. . Francesca tacks the note for Robert to the bridge. She considers taking it down a moment later, but decides not to. She gets back into her car and drives away.
38) 0) text: Francesca is asleep in bed. At the sound of Robert's old pickup TRUCK DRIVING by, she stirs and opens her eyes. She listens until the sound of his WHEELS FADES OUT, then smiles and settles back into sleep.
44) 4) dialog: Hi. This is Robert Kincaid. Francesca catches her breath and leans against the counter, unsure and anxious about what is coming next. INTERCUT BETWEEN the two.
44) 5) dialog: Got your note. W.B. Yeats as messenger and all that. I'm sorry I didn't call sooner, but I just read it. I stuffed the note into my pocket because the light was fading and I had to get my shots.
44) 7) dialog: I accept the invitation, but it might be late. The weather's pretty good, so I'm planning on shooting the Holliwell Bridge this evening. It could be after nine before I'm finished. Is that all right? Francesca frowns but manages to keep her voice from betraying her disappointment.
44) 9) dialog: If you want to come along while I'm shooting, that's fine. It won't bother me. I could stop by for you about five~thirty. Francesca pauses, then decides.
44) 14) dialog: About six. I'1l see you then. Okay? Bye. 54a. (CONTINUED )
45) 10) dialog: Got room right here if you like. She is surprised at his courtesy. Others are astounded. Some disgusted. She accepts his offer and sits beside him.
45) 12) dialog: Hot out there today. She nods and smiles. The Waitress tosses a menu at her and slams down a glass of water, then moves on down the counter. The Redfield Woman tries to act casual, glancing through the menu. Robert subtly scans the room as all eyes are on them, then turns away. (CONTINUED )
47) 0) text: Robert enters a general store. He buys a six pack of beer for his cooler and approachés the counter for the CASHIER (CONTINUED)
47) 4) dialog: Isn't it awful about poor Mrs. Delaney? With this, the dam bursts --
48) 0) text: Robert comes around Main Street to get into his truck whe he sees a 1957 Chevrolet a few spaces down from his. The Redfield Woman is sitting behind the wheel, the windows rolled up and she is sobbing. CAMERA MOVES IN ON Kincaid as he fixes on this moment.
49) 0) text: Francesca sits in her slip, alone in a dressing room, with several dresses strewn about. The panic of inde- cision has set in. She looks at herself in the mirror and begins to doubt that seeing Robert is a good idea. Or perhaps she's imagining something that isn't there. And what about Richard? (CONTINUED )
50) 2) dialog: It's Robert.
50) 4) dialog: (with difficulty) Listen, don't take this the wrong way, but -- I'm wondering if this is such a good idea. (CONTINUED)
50) 8) dialog: I uh... I had lunch in town today. Happened to cross paths with ‘that Redfield Woman.'
50) 10) dialog: The cashier at the general store was very generous.
50) 12) dialog: I now know more about their affair than I remember about my marriage. (seriously) If it's a problem for you to see me tonight, given the curiosity of small town people, don't feel pressured to do it. I'm not always so bright about other people's reactions and the last thing I want to do is to put you in any kind of situation that would...
50) 17) dialog: Yeah?
50) 20) dialog: Alright. See you there. Francesca smiles and hangs up. In that moment, Francesca realizes consciously what she is doing and what she wants
51) 0) text: Robert is already there, working. He checks his watch, anxious for Francesca to arrive, when he hears a car driving up. He looks to see Francesca stop and get out. By their expressions we can tell how glad they are to see each other. He extends his hand. She pauses, then takes it. He leads her to the bridge. CAMERA begins to PULL BACK and HOLD ON the scene. Kincaid is in his element, moving about with ease as he works to capture the gorgeous light. Francesca is enjoying watching this performance -- his grace, the way the muscles in his forearms are working, the way he moves his body. As Kincaid moves into the creek and then up the other bank, she walks through the bridge to the other side. When she comes out the other end, he is crouched down and pointing a camera toward her. He shoots three shots in rapid succession as Francesca walks toward him. She grins in mild embarrassment. Robert smiles back and continues his work.
52) 0) text: Francesca enters. Robert is in the bathroom, in the shower, with the bathroom door slightly ajar. (CONTINUED)
53) 0) text: Francesca is busy preparing dinner. Robert enters, cleaned and dressed.
53) 1) dialog: Can I help?
53) 4) dialog: Would you like a beer for your bath?
55) 0) text: Robert is at the radio when Francesca enters in her new dress. She looks beautiful. And it's all over Robert's face.
55) 2) dialog: If you don't mind my boldness, you look stunning. Make-me-run-around- the-block-howling~in-agony stunning. She smiles and meets his gaze, reveling for a monent in his reaction. On the RADIO, we hear DINAH WASHINGTON begin to sing, "If It's The Last Thing I Do" -- a heautiful, bluesy lovesong The PHONE RINGS. Francesca makes no move to answer it on the first RING, or the second. In the long silence between the second and third RINGS, Robert takes a deep breath and looks down at his camera bags. Francesca is finally able to move across the kitchen to answer the phone. Robert quietly takes a seat, his back to Francesca. The SONG PLAYS throughout.
55) 9) dialog: You're shaking. Are you cold?. Francesca shakes her head. They dance a bit more, but Francesca is shaking, which makes it difficult. They both stop. Robert places his huge hands on either side of Her face, gently stroking her hair away from her cheek. He whispers:
55) 10) dialog: If you want me _ to stop, tell me Dow. He brushes his cheek and face softly against hers. Francesca rubs hers barely breathing.
55) 11) dialog: Francesca -- I won't be sorry. I won't apologize for this.
57) 0) text: Robert and Francesca in-each others arms, under a blanket on the living room floor on 2 bed of couch pillows. Francesca seems miles away -- feelings of regret and guil creeping in.
57) 1) dialog: Are you comfortable? (off her nod) Do you... want to move to the bedroom? :
57) 3) dialog: You want to eat something?
57) 5) dialog: No. (CONTINUED )
57) 8) dialog: Are you all right? She looks at him and starts to cry, shaking her head. The room is filled with memories of her family. She nestles in his arms. He holds her. She closes her eyes.
57) 10) dialog: What?
57) 12) dialog: (thinks, then) How about Italy?
57) 14) dialog: How about Bari?
57) 16) dialog: Have you ever been to that station?
57) 18) dialog: You know that little place nearby with the striped awning that sells arraccinos...
57) 20) dialog: I sat outside and had coffee. (CONTINUED)
57) 24) dialog: Near the church.
58) 0) text: Francesca and Robert are making love outdoors in an area far behind the house hidden by corn stalks... The two transport themselves together to another place, where there are no familial memories surrounding them to interfere.
59) 0) text: The two sit in bathrobes on the porch looking out over the pasture. They have bowls of oatmeal on their laps. They eat voraciously. Robert leans over, picks a pot up off the porch and ladles some more onto his plate. Too much falls out and it spills onto the robe. Francesca giggles. Robert glares at her jokingly. , Francesca hands him a dish rag. Robert wipes off the food revealing his bare leg. She reaches over and touches it. He looks at her and smiles. She leans over and kisses him passionately until, suddenly, she pulls away. She looks upset. She rises and moves away to look out to the pasture. Robert can sense what is wrong.
60) 0) text: Francesca and Robert are driving, smoking cigarettes and listening to MUSIC. :
61) 0) text: The truck is parked against a breathtaking vista. Francesca and Robert sit on the ground nearby eating lunch as Robert shows Francesca a collection of some of his photographs. They are beautiful and show a wide range of skill.
61) 5) dialog: No one would buy it.
61) 7) dialog: Because that's what six publishers told me. is surprised. She senses his disappointment.
61) 8) dialog: It's no big heartache. Whatever makes an artist look like an artist to the world -- is just a feature I don't have.
61) 10) dialog: What's this?
63) 0) text: Francesca and Robert enter the smoke-filled roadhouse. No one would recognize them here because it is an all- black club. Only slight notice of the couple is taken as they sit at a table and order drinks. Francesca is loving it -- she can't take it in fast enough -- bodies dancing, laughing, the band jamming. It's like she stepped into another world.
63) 3) dialog: (smiles) Trouble. Why?
63) 5) dialog: I had a temper.
63) 8) dialog: I can't do this. I'm sorry.
63) 10) dialog: Try and live a lifetime before Friday. Cram it all in. Shakes his head. This is the first time either has men- tioned their time clock. Francesca nods, understandably. A black female blues singer is on stage singing "If It's the Last Thing I Do." Robert gestures for Francesca to take his hand and he leads her onto the dance floor. (CONTINUED )
64) 0) text: Robert is in the living room making up the floor again with blankets and pillows. Francesca enters. He stops. She extends her hand. He takes it and she leads him upstairs. He stops before they ascend.
64) 1) dialog: Are you sure? Francesca nods and brings him upstairs to her bedroom.
65) 0) text: Francesca guides Robert into bed beneath the covers. They begin to make love -- softly, lovingly -- like a couple that are beyond the erotic, discovéry stage; a couple that have been together and in love for years.
68) 0) text: Francesca is serving Robert breakfast, then sits down beside him. Silence. We can sense some tension between them -- this being their last day together. Francesca seems ingenuously friendly. Robert is suspicious.
68) 2) dialog: Yes, thanks.
68) 4) dialog: What?
68) 6) dialog: I... What do you mean? (CONTINUED)
68) 10) dialog: (insulted) Routine! I don't have a routine. And if you think that’s what this is --
68) 12) dialog: (upset) Why is that up to me? You're the one who's married. You told me you have no intention of leaving your husband.
68) 14) dialog: I was honest with you.
68) 16) dialog: What are you doing?
68) 22) dialog: How do you know what I experience?
68) 24) dialog: Stop it!
68) 28) dialog: op it!
68) 30) dialog: (grabs her) 2 ! I won't apologize for who I am.
68) 32) dialog: I won't be made to feel like I've done something wrong. (CONTINUED)
68) 36) dialog: (cries out) I_don't want to need you!
68) 38) dialog: can" ou!
68) 41) dialog: If I've done anything to make you think that what's happened between us is nothing new for me -- is some routine -- then I do apologize. (CONTINUED)
68) 45) dialog: Because... if I asked myself right now why I make pictures, the only reason I could come up with -- the only reason it seems I've been anywhere and done anything -- was to bring me here. Right now it looks like the only thing I’ve done all my life was to make my way to you. And if I even think about tomorrow -- if I «.. even think about leaving here without you -- I'm not sure I -- He shakes his head. He can't even finish. He kneels down before her, wrapping his arms around her and burying his face into her body. Francesca starts to cry -- out of happiness, out of pain -- holding onto him as if for dear life.
68) 48) dialog: Behind the barn. I better go. Francesca turns to him -- speechless -- not wanting him ta go.
68) 49) dialog: Don't worry. I meant upstairs. He exits. Francesca gathers herself and heads for the front entrance, quickly cleaning up the plates. 64 65 80.
71) 0) text: Francesca enters to find Robert lying on the bed fully clothed. She sits beside him. He strokes her arm, then guides her to lie down. Once she's in his arms, he speaks.
71) 1) dialog: Come with me. Francesca knew he was going to say this. Either answer she gives frightens her.
72) 0) text: MUSIC PLAYS OVER the next few images. CAMERA SLOWLY PANS FROM the RADIO, upon which the SONG is playing, TO a beautifully set table and candles. It ARRIVES ON Robert preparing dinner. He stands at the sink rinsing out some utensils. Waiting for the water to turn hot, he looks out THROUGH the window above the sink. He sees a beauti- ful view of the night. He pauses as it strikes him that this is a view Francesca has seen a million times -- that soon She would not see ever again.
73) 0) text: She quietly sets the suitcases down, hearing the RADIO “and ROBERT in the kitchen. She pauses, then enters the living room. One of the throw pillows has fallen off the couch, She replaces it, then takes a moment to look about the room. She slowly sits down on the couch. Robert appears in the doorway and stands there looking at her until she sees him and smiles.
73) 1) dialog: I've got dinner.
74) 0) text: They eat in silence. Neither is very hungry. ROBERT © —_ Would you like a beer? : She smiles and shakes her head. Robert opens a bottle and takes a sip. The silence between them is becoming awkward. Pause. Robert takes another sip. Then, knowing full well what hangs heavy between them, he asks:
74) 1) dialog: You're not coming with me, are you? Francesca stops pretending to eat. She looks at him, having forgotten how well he can read her.
74) 3) dialog: For who?
74) 9) dialog: (getting aggressive) Then he can move! People move!
74) 11) dialog: The kids are grown! They don't need you anymore. You told me that. They hardly talk to you.
74) 13) dialog: What about us?
74) 15) dialog: Yeah. It could get better.
74) 21) dialog: (desperately) Francesca, listen to me. You think what's happened to us happens to just anybody? What we feel for each other? How much we feel? We're not even two separate people anymore. Some people search their whole lives for it and wind up alone -- most people don't even think it exists and you're going to tell me that giving it up is the right thing to do?
74) 24) dialog: But now that you have it --
74) 29) dialog: Don't leave me. Don't leave me alone. Please, This breaks her heart, knowing how hard it is for him to say this. She holds him tighter, until --
74) 30) dialog: Listen. Maybe you feel this way, maybe you don't. Maybe it's just because you're in this house. Maybe... maybe when they come back tomorrow you'll feel differently. Don't you think that's possible?
74) 32) dialog: I'm going to be here a few more days. I'll be at the inn. We have some time. Let's not say any more now.
74) 34) dialog: ' lb ! We'll leave it for now. We're not saying goodbye. We're not making any decision. Maybe you'll change your mind. Maybe we'll accidentally run into each other and you'll change your mind.
74) 38) dialog: I'll never say this any other time, to anyone, and I want you to remember it. This kind of certainty comes only once and never again. No matter how many lifetimes you live.
75) 0) text: Robert walks briskly towards his truck, not wanting to look back. He gets in, STARTS IT UP and drives away. Francesca exits the house and watches the truck recede into the distance. She stops when she reaches the front gate, leaning against it. She murmurs to herself --
82) 0) text: The rain has gotten heavier. Francesca places a bag of groceries on the front seat of the truck, then gets in herself to wait for Richard. She takes a deep breath and removes a handkerchief from her bag to wipe the raindrops from her face. She freezes -- THROUGH the windshield, she sees Robert standing in the rain beside his truck across the street, staring at her. Her heart stops. For a moment, she isn't even sure he's real. . The town moves about its business around them. But neither notice or care. Whatever safety or forgetfulness she felt is gone. Her feelings burst through. She sits there helpless before him -- willing to go or stay depending on what he did. He begins walking towards her. She prepares herself. Her life will change -- it has to. There's no turning back. But the closer Robert gets, the clearer he can see that she is crying. And he stops. (CONTINUED )
84) 10) dialog: This kind of certainty comes only once, and never again, no matter how many lifetimes you live. Richard takes the truck across the intersection heading north. Francesca looks for a moment past his face toward the old pickup's red taillights moving off into the distance. A huge SEMI-TRAILER RIG ROARS into Winterset, spraying a wave of water over the last cowboy.
93) 0) text: Francesca picnics at the same spot she shared with Robert.
95) 0) text: Francesca reads the letter informing her of Robert's death. She then unwraps the package to reveal a medallion with her name inscribed and a photography book; a published collection of black-and-white photos by Robert Kincaid entitled Four Days. Pressed between two pages, the note Francesca left for Robert on Roseman Bridge. We only see the words "white moths are on the wing." On the front page there reads an inscription, "FOR F.":
95) 1) dialog: 'There is a pleasure in the pathless woods... there is a rapture on the lonely shore... There is society where none intrudes... By the deep sea and music in its roar... I love not man the less, but Nature more...' (MORE) (CONTINUED )
95) 4) dialog: ",.. From these our interviews, in which I steal... From all I may be, or have been béfore. To mingle with the Universe and feel... What~™ I can ne'er express, yet cannot all conceal.' The quote is Byron's. She smiles with pride as she cries.
97) 0) text: Carolyn, looking through her mom's closet, finds the summer dress she bought in Des Moines to wear for Robert.
98) 1) text: After reading all this, I hope you can now understand my burial request. It was not the ravings of some mad old lady. I gave my life to my family. I wish to give Robert what is left of me.