3) 0) text: A lead figure of Jack Flack is being lifted out of a two- dimensional match for the location we have just seen. The are bombs, foreign agents, a limo, the black case, even t steel gate. Camera pulls back to reveal Davey Osborne, eleven, doing the lifting. He is excited about the succes of his roll of brightly colored geometric dice.
3) 1) dialog: Twenty-four! Jack Flack's agility (X) is twenty-four -- he escapes! Camera. continues back to reveal two others sitting aroun the board game called "Cloak and Dagger." Kim Gardener is nine. Morris Coffey, thirty, is the pro- prietor of Morris's Game Emporium. He is nearsighted, ove weight and immature for his age. Kim is disappointed in Davey's success.
3) 7) dialog: You've just gotta develop better moves, Kim. You're gettin' there.
3) 10) dialog: (eagerly) What happens next, Morris?
3) 13) dialog: We could trade. I'll give ya extra gas masks and a bulletproof vest. -
3) 17) dialog: Jack Flack to Lady Ace. Come in, Lady Ace.... Kim is cbviously Lady Ace. Davey shows her how to turn on her walkie-talkie. Morris looks up from his invoices.
3) 19) dialog: (talking to Morris via Kim's working walkie-talkie) Jack Flack requesting new assignment. Over.
3) 25) dialog: Yes!!
3) 27) dialog: Yup. Kim holds hers up. The invoice on the top of Morris's pile is from Data Poin Corporation, makers of electronic games.
3) 29) dialog: Can't ya give us somethin’ better than than that? Something exciting, like Cloak and Dagger, only real.
3) 34) dialog: You comin'?
3) 36) dialog: I won't. Davey pulls several items out of his backpack: a realisti Walther PPK quirt gun, a bottle of Monster Blood, a softb and a pocket knife.
3) 37) dialog: Let's see... (referring to each item above, in order) -gun...ammo...grenade...dagger.... He starts loading his squirt gun with the Monster Blood.
3) 39) dialog: Jack Flack says always keep your gun loaded. Davey picks up the walkie-talkie again.
3) 40) dialog: (to Morris) Can we try these out?
4) 0) text: A bus stops in front/of an elegant old skyscraper. Davey is the first one off} gun drawn, radio in hand. He makes soldier-style run toard the building entrance, bird-doggi first one passerby, then another, in a spy-like childish run, as though he us¢s each person as a shield from some imaginary sniper. M@anwhile, several others get off the bus, Kim among the ldst of them. She carries her radio, but doesn't share Davey's spirit of adventure.
4) 19) dialog: Loud and clear. (X)
4) 20) text: Davey spots a woman hkbaded for the Tower Life Building.
4) 21) dialog: Prepare to penetrate enemy stronghold. (X) Follow me in.
5) 0) text: spots a security guard, pockets his toy gun, lowers the ( radio. Davey notices that the directory lists Data Point on the eighth floor. Watching out for the roving security guard, he carefully crosses to the building entrance, where Kim just entering. :
5) 4) dialog: (not looking at Kim) You proceed to floor eight for Operation Mailer. I'll get the Twinkies. Nearby, an elevator's up light illuminates, accompanied b a ding. Kim heads for it.
5) 5) dialog: (grabbing her) Not so fast. (referring to the security guard) Want that sentry to see you?
5) 7) dialog: We'll take separate routes, just in case one of us is neutralized. (scoping the Place out) I'll take the fire stairs.
5) 13) dialog: (nodding at the closing elevator doors) That guy had a gun. A real gun.
5) 15) dialog: (still staring at the doors) Honest! I saw a gun. The doors to another elevator open. Passengers exit.
5) 17) dialog: (handing Kim a softball out of his backpack) Here. Take this grenade.
6) 0) text: Several floors up, Davey trudges up the fire stairs, bouncing the softball off the walls and catching it on th rebound, making explosion noises as it hits the walls. At every landing, there's a large window giving a view of th
6) 4) dialog: Lady Ace, this is Jack Flack. Come in.
8) 1) dialog: I'm comin'. Start creating a diver- sion now. I'll sneak out the fire door and grab the Twinkies.
8) 3) dialog: Maintain radio silence from now on. Over and out. He clicks her off and begins to put his walkie-talkie int his backpack when suddenly it crackles to life with stati and a strange adult voice, obviously desperate,
8) 8) dialog: Hello? Hello? But there is no response. Davey keeps his radio with him, continues his climb.
8) 9) dialog: (on radio) Did you hear that, Kim?
9) 3) dialog: Come in, Lady Ace. Lady Ace, do you read me? Over.
10) 0) text: Davey is still climbing, now lowering the antenna on his radio, aware that he has been shut off by his partner. He looks miffed. From 0.S. comes a strong, resonant male voice.
10) 2) dialog: Oh, hi, Jack.
10) 4) dialog: Yeah, I guess so. Davey follows Jack Flack up the stairs. Both spies draw their Walther PPKs and proceed. (Xx)
11) 0) text: Davey turns the landing, starts up the stairs toward the eighth floor. We no longer see Flack. Davey freezes, staring up at the dying man, Murdoch.
12) 0) text: Kim stands waiting impatiently by the directory. Suddenly Davey bursts through the fire door on the run. Kim reache out and tries to grab him.
12) 2) dialog: (like he's seen a ghost) They killed a man. Now they're after me! Run!
12) 4) dialog: Help! Police! Murder!
12) 7) dialog: (pointing to the fire door) Two men are trying to kill me.
13) 1) dialog: He's right over here --- Suddenly, the words die on his lips. The stairwell is completely empty, just dank concrete flooring with a smal puddle in the middle and nothing else. Davey slowly turns looking everywhere.
13) 2) dialog: (stunned) But I saw him fall... (puzzled) I even had to jump over him.... The Guard turns to him as curious adults crowd into the stairwell behind them.” “GUARD You wanna tell me what this is all about?
13) 3) dialog: (enduring crowd stares) Well, these...I dunno...Nazis or something...some kind of bad guys... they shot this FBI guy.
13) 5) dialog: {angry} How should I know?! Maybe they were Russians! But they shot him. (tears welling up) And he was bleeding...and he fell... and I know he was dead. I'm not kidding you! (reaching for the Donkey Kong cartridge) I can prove it. He had secret --- But as he looks at the Guard, he sees Flack over the Guard's shoulder.
13) 11) dialog: (to the security Guard) Never mind.
14) 0) text: A complex of affordable, common-wall condo housing, it is neat and attractive, but modest. A squad car pulls up. Lt. DioGuardia, Davey and Kim get out. DioGuardia tousles Kim's hair, and she runs off toward her own condo. The cop walks Davey to his.
15) 0) text: The Lieutenant rings the’ the door to open, neithe opens and Hal Osborne gr doorbell. He and Davey wait for of them looking at the other. It ets them. His sleeves are rolled up, and he looks rather domestic with a dish towel in one hand. If the live actior| Jack Flack were to have a twin brother who grew up to bela rather meek-looking civil servant, this would be the guy. (startle to Davey) Where've you beeh? I called all over the place. (to the c worried) What happened, o.
15) 17) text: Davey jumps, obeys. |He takes extra long going up the stairs, but the adults wait him out. Once he is gone, DioGuardia begins.
16) 0) text: Davey is eavesdropping. (Flack materializes beside him.
16) 2) dialog: Right. on™"
18) 0) text: It's more a refuge than it is a bedroom. The walls are dotted with fantasy posters, the shelves filled with mode airplanes, tanks and fantasy role-playing games like Dungeons and Dragons, Traveller, and Blitzkrieg. The plac of honor on the desk is taken up by an Atari and a TV. Davey sits in front of a dresser mirror Playing with toy soldiers. After a moment, there is a soft knock on his door. Davey doesn't respond. A moment later, the door creaks open. Davey's father peers in.
18) 3) dialog: One of 'em was real big. Like a giant. (x) The other one looked kind of Mexican or something. (pause) One of ‘em had a .38. I saw it up close. The other one had a Luger. And they both had silencers. (accusingly) You don't believe me....
18) 9) dialog: (hurt, wanting to retaliate) I wish Mom was here. She'd believe me. ~ These are loaded words, and they immediately s sadden Hal.
18) 11) dialog: (at his most - vulnerable, sobbing) I miss Mommy! 7/22/83 18 often and He throws his arms around his father, who holds him tight rocks him tenderly.
18) 17) dialog: Jack Flack was right. You do think I'm crazy.
18) 19) dialog: I don't talk to myself! I talk to Jack.
18) 21) dialog: No! Davey digs into his backpack.
18) 22) dialog: (making a dare) You want to see something? You wanna see proof? I'll show you what the FBI man gave me! Davey pulls out the Donkey Kong game cartridge, waves it his father, goes to his Atari, turns it on, turns on the set, sticks in the cartridge.
18) 23) dialog: "Donkey Kong,' right? With a flourish, he pushes the Play button. Both Hal and Davey await a dramatic revelation. Davey goes into the game, the electronic little boy on th screen trying to climb the cliff while Donkey Kong holds the damsel in distress above him and rolls boulders down the boy. As the singsong game music Plays, Davey shoots glances at his father, while trying to play the game and discover its secret.
18) 29) dialog: But....
18) 31) dialog: (mumbling in utter frustration, seething) I hate you! Hal stops, hurt in his eyes. He puts the games down on Davey's bed, takes a deep breath, sees Davey red-faced an in.emotional knots. Sse .
18) 33) dialog: (poutily) You don't care about me. You never believe me. Never! Ever!
18) 35) dialog: (moving away) No, you don't!
18) 40) dialog: (softening) But you were a hero in the war, Dad.
18) 43) dialog: Dad, if you'd just play one with me sometime....
18) 46) dialog: Shut up.
19) 0) text: Davey picks up the phone. Through the open doorway into his father's room, he can see Hal packing the games he to into a chest of drawers.
19) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello?
19) 3) dialog: Yes. Davey just stands there, frightened.
19) 4) dialog: Dad! Hal glances up as he closes the drawer on the role-playin games, thinking he's done with them forever.
19) 6) dialog: It's the spies. The ones who killed that man! Hal strides quickly down the hall, takes the phone from Davey's hand. Disbelief is evident in his eyes.
19) 12) dialog: (hurt, outraged) No! They hung up on me!
19) 14) dialog: Nothing. They just asked who I was. (frightened) They know my name, Dad.
19) 17) dialog: (through his tears) But, Dad, it was them. I know it was ---
19) 19) dialog: Can I sleep in your bed tonight?
20) 0) text: Hal lays Davey gently in bed, staring down at his son.
20) 1) dialog: (yawning) Those guys won't dare come in with you here. Davey is close to sleep as Hal watches. He pulls the covers over him and gazes down at his son. Davey's eyelids flutter closed. Hal kisses him gently on the cheek and walks to the light, snapping it off as he leaves the room, Plunging it into darkness.
21) 0) text: Two cars sit in the street opposite Davey's condo, a shin black van and a pearl white Cadillac, Inside the Cadillac, Rice can be seen replacing a car Phone. He gets out and walks back to the van. Opbst sits behind the wheel, Haverman next to him peering through a pair of binoculars. Rice stops opposite Opbst, nods at th condo.
21) 5) text: EXT. DAVEY'S HOUSE - pay 22 Early morning sunshine bathes the neighborhood. It's another bright summer day. 23 and 24
22) 0) text: Davey bursts out the front door, stopping his father just as he's about to climb into his old Mustang. Hal Osborne is dressed in an Air Force Master Sergeant's uniform, obviously on his way to report for duty. He stops and turns back as his son rushes up to him.
22) 1) dialog: Dad! Dad!
22) 3) dialog: Don't leave!
22) 5) dialog: They're just waiting for you to leave so they can get me. Hal looks around the neighborhood. No sign of strangers. Absolutely nothing looks amiss.
22) 9) dialog: Can't I go with you? As Hal talks, Jack Flack cruelly mimicks him. Davey almos laughs at the sight.
23) 0) text: Davey stops just inside the front door, listening to the everyday sounds which have taken on a newly terrifying quality. A dripping faucet, the ticking hall clock, the refrigerator motor, especially passing cars. Now that his father is gone and he's alone, there's suddenly even something spooky about the silence. It makes Davey nervou He heads for the hall.
24) 1) dialog: Lady Ace, Lady Ace, come in --- As he waits for a reply, his eyes fall on the Donkey Kong game cartridge. Disgusted by the memories it evokes, he tosses it in his backpack. CUT To 28
25) 0) text: Kim lives in the same neighborhood as Davey does. She sit at the table, eating her breakfast cereal while her mothe Marilyn Gardener, does the dishes at the sink. Marilyn is an attractive, friendly woman in her midthirties. The walkie-talkie nearby suddenly comes to life, blaring Dave Voice into the room.
26) 1) dialog: Hello, Kim, Ki -- ? He finally gives up and looses it back into his backpack, slipping it over his shollders.
26) 2) dialog: (to himself) I'm getting out of here ---
27) 0) text: As Davey comes down the| stairs, he suddenly hears a car pull up outside his condo. He hastens down the stairs, peeks out the open frent door. The black van, huge and ominous even on this sugny day, squats directly in front his house. Davey slams/the front door, locks it, backing away across the room, staring at the door fearfully. Suddenly, a softball comes smashing through the windew an rolls to a stop at his feet. He stares in horror at his name on the ball, then whirls and dashes for the back doo 31 32 33 34 35
28) 0) text: Davey tears across the kitchen, heading for the back door He suddenly skids to a halt as Haverman fills it with his huge frame. The man kicks in the glass door, lunges at Davey, crashing through the kitchen table. Davey whirls and runs towards the living room.
29) 0) text: As he passes he sees Opb has just smashed with th front door, but Opbst an window. Davey reaches throws it open, ready to frame. He makes a grab t climbing through the window he softball. Davey tries for the icipates him, retreats from the e front door, unlocks it, and dive outside. Opbst fills the jor the boy, and Davey ducks it, retreating back up the hall stairs as Haverman lunges for him from the kitchen, er hing the coffee table beneath hi bulk and sending a lamp smashing to the floor. Davey races up the hall stairs, the two men scrambling after him.
30) 0) text: He slams the door behin out of frame. Camera hi through it, barely slowi him, punches the lock, and runs lds on door as Opbst crashes ng, tearing it off its hinges. Haverman follows him in|to find Opbst staring out an open window. There is no siqn of Davey. The two heavies look at each other, foiled adain. Curt To
31) 0) text: Davey hurries down the concourse toward Morris's Game Sho
32) 0) text: Davey rushes in just as Morris finishes ringing up a sale The customer leaves as Davey approaches Morris.
32) 1) dialog: Morris!
32) 6) dialog: Morris, guess what...!
32) 8) dialog: No. Take a look at this. But Morris is preoccupied. Davey has to follow him into the back room to keep the conversation going.
33) 0) text: Morris sits down at his computer, half-listening to Davey as he gears up for his millionth attempt to program a new video game of his own. Davey stands by his shoulder, hardly able to contain his excitement.
33) 1) dialog: Morris, I got a very important tape here.
33) 3) dialog: Yeah, it's got a secret code on it meee re nen ane paar nt ng BE AB BAD ey Wdeb MALES R Bc c Morris is involved with his computer and hardly listening his fingers flying across the keyboard, all sorts of numerical gibberish coming and going on his monitor. Dave very quickly realizes that he's being neglected.
33) 4) dialog: Morris, are you listening to me? MORRIS. {not really) Yeah, sure. (still working) I want either the Twinkies or the money back. Davey takes the tape and slams it down so hard that Morri jumps.
33) 6) text: (X) Rev. 9/3/83 on 36 CONTINUED 36 Morris stares at Davey for a moment, a bit taken aback by the desperation in his young friend's voice. He picks up the tape and looks at it.
33) 8) dialog: You tell me.
33) 10) dialog: (getting impatient) But it's not. (points to an anomaly in the packaging) Look.
33) 12) dialog: A guy. (pause) I can't tell you any more than that. Dich RR Tete gente age far kag ein ee ma lee tae amma SLR Top secret, eh? Davey nods.
33) 14) dialog: I don't know, Morris. You're the genius around here. Tell me what it is. Morris can't resist the challenge to live up to Davey's expectations.
33) 20) dialog: What?
33) 22) dialog: (getting excited) What kind of information? Secret government plans, maybe?
33) 24) dialog: Think you can figure it out? Break the code?
33) 28) dialog: The guy who gave it to me said something about a number.
33) 33) dialog: (trying to remember) One million seven hundred and (X) something, I think.
33) 35) dialog: (shrugging) I don't think so. Morris is hardly listening, playing the game, already obsessed with this new challenge and on the point of forgetting Davey's even there. Davey just watches Morris for a while, this interrupted b ~~ Kim's voice on the walkie-talkie.
33) 41) dialog: (on radio) Just a minute. Davey leaves Morris to his Donkey Kong conquest, ducks in the front of the store.
34) 0) text: Davey pushes the talk button on his walkie-talkie.
34) 1) dialog: Flack to Lady Ace. Come in, Lady Ace.
34) 3) dialog: Where are you?
34) 5) dialog: (alarmed) Kim, no! Get out of there! Those guys were there! The spies! Sine a tte net REM SS VOTOR > Bee ca aes note (crying) I know.... Suddenly, the walkie-talkie goes silent in his hand. de stands there, desperately yelling into the mouthpiece.
34) 6) dialog: Kim, Kim, answer me!
35) 9) dialog: (slowly) Yes.... Opbst signals to Haverman, who causes Kim to ery out a bi louder, just for Davey's benefit.
35) 11) dialog: Just leave her alone. She doesn't know anything.
35) 13) dialog: Yes.
35) 15) dialog: Wait! Kim?! Let me talk to Kim! But by now, the villains have turned off the radio. speaks softly to Opbst, as Kim is dragged out of the hous
35) 23) dialog: I have to give them something.... Flack meanders over to the video games case, hinting to Davey with a raise of the eyebrows. Davey walks over, stealthily slides a Donkey Kong game ou of the case, and beats a hasty retreat out of the shop, crawling under Morris's electric eye as he leaves. He gets a few strange looks from passersby. cur To
36) 0) text: Davey fishes the new Donkey Kong tape out of his Pocket a continues along a path beside a lovely sylvan lake at the bottom of a steep gorge.| He suddenly sees Rice ahead. Rice spots him at the same time, starts toward hin. Davey holds his hand up, palm Stop right the tid. “Gimme the tape. Davey definatly holds the Donkey Kong tape out over the water, ready to drop it i Rice takes another step.
36) 1) dialog: and you'll be using tit. Come any closer scuba gear to Rice skids to a halt, hi the rim of the canyon, D Haverman stand there, Ki eyes narrowing. He glances up at vey following his gaze. Opbst and between them. At a nod from Rice, they beyond the precipice, re Rice turns his gaze back walk her out to the edge, hold her dy to let her drop to her death. to Davey. Davey retracts the tape. Rice nods at the two men on the canyon rim, and they pul Kim back in from over the edge.
36) 14) dialog: Why do you|want it so bad? It's just a kid's game.
36) 16) dialog: Then why doh't you buy your own. They're not|that expensive. RICE . Look, kid. |Don't. outsmart yourself. I have friends I play with, too. And if I don't bring it to them by 5:30, your little friend's life isn't gonna be worth shit. He shuts up as a young} couple, very much in love, stroll by. He and Davey stan eyeing each other silently until they pass.
36) 19) dialog: You let Kim go first. Then I'll give you the tape. Rice measures Davey's rqasolve for a moment, with his eye
36) 47) dialog: Freeze, turkey! Rice skids to a halt, staring in surprise. Davey keeps glancing over his shoulder, watching Kim run down the steps toward the path behind him. Opbst and Haverman are moving after her now. Rice tries to get a bet his eyes from the sun, off the barrel. Davey where Kim will meet him pistol on Rice. er look at Davey's gun, shielding ut all he gets is sunlight glinting jacks away from him, down the path in a few moments. He keeps the
36) 48) dialog: Take my advice Don't follow us. (nodding at the water pistol) Otherwise I'liljhave to use this. Rice gets a better view sunlight. BBS eee £ the gun as it passes out of the You're fulla s He dives for Davey, only opaque red Monster blood surprise, he stops, digs runs toward Kim, who has gorge. She watches him a © be squirted in the face with rom the water pistol. Yelping in t his eyes. Davey whirls and just reached the bottom of the proach.
36) 50) dialog: C'mon! He grabs her hand on the Behind them, coming fast the rim, are Opbst and Ha drawn. lun, jerking her after him. jown the same path she took from lerman. They have their guns
37) 0) text: Davey and Kim tear down the steps, heading for a public bus, the killers runnifg after them. The kids leap aboard just as the bus doors flose. The three killers skid to a halt, watching the bug pull away. Rice pushes his companions toward their van, meanwhile digging the phony Donkey Kong tape out df his pocket. Quick, afte His thugs obey, while the label, which says: Mall, San Antonio. ie inspects the new tape. He reads Morris's Game Shop, Windsor Park
38) 0) text: Davey and Kim flash theif bus passes at the Driver and ta seats in the back. The bus heads toward downtown San Antonio. A few Passengers are scattered about.
38) 2) dialog: What for?
38) 12) dialog: Me, neither.
38) 14) dialog: That's okay, Kim. It's gonna be all right. Davey glances out the ba window. He sees the black van drawing up behind the bus| with incredible speed. The fea in his face is communicated to Kim, and she turns, too. In the black van, the villains are clearly visible now, Opbst behind the wheel, Hkhverman screwing a silencer ont his pistol.
38) 17) text: | (X) Rev. 8/3/83 CONTINUED - 2 i 40 i Kim and Davey duck down below the seat back. Davey gestures that they should move up a row. He leads the way. Once they are newly situated, he turns to Kim.
38) 19) dialog: We gottd get outa here! (\thinking) I'm going to have to draw them off. You get i can and tell him what's happened. Tell him \to get that tape to the FBI right awaly.
38) 31) dialog: Pardon me, milster, but I need to get off here.
38) 50) dialog: Yeah. Like I"m going to throw up --- He suddenly gags and heaves in the direction of the Drive lap. The man slams the brakes on.
39) 0) text: The bus jerks to a stop right in the middle of downtown S Antonio. The black van skreeches to a halt behing them, almost rear ending the bu The bus doors snap open and Davey jumps out, tearing across the lawn of the Hertzberg Circus Museum. Opbst leaps out of the van and races after him. 42 OMITTED thru 45
40) 0) text: Kim races from the side window of the bus where she has just watched the black van roaring away, catching a glimp of Davey as he dives down he steps to the river walk, Opbst a hair's breath behihd him.
41) 0) text: Opbst hits the river wall behind Davey, slipping his gun into his shoulder holstek as he runs after him, picking u startled glances from t passersby, none of whom are actually sure they saw the gun, none of whom are going to make a fuss about it evén if they are. cuT To
43) 0) text: The walk is packed with colored shirts, loose th: beer bellys hanging over taking pictures and sitt: looking the river, sucki passing parade. jurists, strolling along in bright- Ins stuffed into short-shorts, lontgomery Ward slacks, people mg in the sidewalk cafes over- ig on Margaritas and watching the The increasingly despera through this circus alon over his shoulder at Opb falls back as he gets ta smaller and more agile, hand-holding couples and matter what he does, Opb € small boy threads his way the walk, constantly glancing t. The killer draws closer, then gled in the crowds. Davey, being ses his size to dash between around strolling tourists, but no seems to be gaining on him.
44) 0) text: Davey sees an outdoor ca ahead and dives for it, trying ( to lose himself among the\crowded tables and scurrying waiters, almost bowling ore of them over.on his headlong dash for safety. He sees Opbst draw abreast|of the cafe and falls to his knees, scurrying toward thd back by crawling under tables and between the legs of sc lambling waiters. He finally comes to a halt /beneath a table occupied by a athletic-looking couple in/their thirties. They are dress for tennis, and they are sharing a banana split.
44) 10) dialog: (whispering) Someone's trying to kill me.
44) 18) dialog: 
44) 47) dialog: inting down walk into crowd) That man, |he's after me. The Texan follows hi swirling people, ma: s finger, but can see nothing but ly of them men.
44) 49) dialog: (cattching glimpses of Opbst fighting Now wait jusf a minute. Simmer down , hat this is all about. He wants to
45) 0) text: Davey skids around the |bottom pillar and charges up the stairs. He's halfway tl the top when Haverman'’s bulk fil the exit to the street. Davey jerks to a halt, panting hard, and stares at the\huge killer. Haverman lumbers down the steps after hii Davey whirls and retraces his steps, taking the steps \four at a time. Opbst suddenly appears at the bottom of the stairs, turni the corner on the run, just missing the boy as Davey slip past.
46) 0) text: Davey tears down the walk and over a bridge to the other side of the river, the killer's behind him getting caught a gaggle of tourists and being slowed down.
47) 0) text: Davey glances back and staring into the crowd. beside him. ees nothing. He stands there, Suddenly, Flack materializes
48) 0) text: He steps onto the boat,|taking his Place by one of the gunwales. The seating is circular with more seats in the middle, the Mexican-Ametican Captain at the back trying to restart the stalled gutboard motor. It simply sput- ters with each new attempt. As Davey watches the boat fill up, he sees the killers standing in line, tickets in their hands, getting |closer and closer to boarding. He looks around, not knawing what to do if they make it aboard. There's no way to run, nbthing for him to do except plung into the water where he'll make a slow moving target for them if they decide to shoot. By the time the frustrated Captain gets the motor started Opbst and Haverman are allmost at the head of the line. And finally the last perBon between them and the boat ste aboard. Davey watches, nowing he's had it. Suddenly the Captain puts up a hand s opping the two killers.
48) 38) text: He gets up and begilns to move around the island in the center of the boat toward Davey. Davey watches him come. (x) Opbst's movement didtracts him and he speaks to the man disapprovingly.
48) 64) text: What? He follows her gaze ust as Davey gets out of his seat and moves in their direction in a desperate attempt to put so distance between himgelf and Opbst. Opbst rises and comes after him. Eunice grbbs Davey as he attempts to pass and Plops him down betweeh her and her husband, wriggling ove to make room for him. | Opbst comes to a halt and sits do a few seats back, forcling others to make room for him.
48) 66) dialog: You wouldn't believe me if I told you, ma'am.
48) 68) dialog: (nodding at Opbst That man is trying to kill me --- (eyeing Don't be ridicul! like a pervert i (to her hi What are we goin George? us. Looks more you ask me. sband) to do about this, Before he can anwser, seve the boat at Haverman. The to the boat's engine housi jal seats away, Opbst nods across ig man suddenly stands, pointing , cutting off the Guide's rap.
49) 0) text: Davey hurries down the concourse toward Morris' shop. He stops by the front door, momentarily confused by the sign "Out To Lunch", hanging there. He peers through the glass into the store. It's empty. He tries the handle. The front door swings open. He steps inside.
50) 0) text: He walks past the games and models, deeper and deeper int the dimly lit store. It is disturbingly quiet. Then he hears a small girl weeping in the back room and moves int that direction. INT. BACK ROOM - DAY ‘87 He steps inside the room to find Kim seated on Morris' desk, her feet swinging off the floor, her eyes filled wi tears. Davey approaches her slowly.
50) 1) dialog: Kim --- Kim looks up at him, sees how disheveled he is, wipes her tears away.
50) 3) dialog: (looking around) Nothing. (afraid to ask) Where's Morris?
50) 9) dialog: (interrupting) No! (scared) No way. Morris is too smart for them. We'll find him.
50) 11) dialog: (fearful anger) Shut up! You don't know that. Kim continues to weep, louder now. Davey is sorry for his outburst, puts his arm around her,
50) 12) dialog: I'm sorry. He tries to figure out what to do next. He sees a clock o the wall, reading 3:30. He picks up a phone, dials.
50) 14) dialog: (thinking) (X) No use calling my dad. He'd never believe me. (getting decisive) You call your mother. Tell her Rice is going to do something with the tape at five thirty. Make her call the police, even if she doesn’t believe you! We need a grownup.
50) 22) dialog: (taking her arm, walking her out) I'm gonna try to find Rice and stop him.
50) 24) dialog: I dunno yet. They exit the shop, arm in arm.
51) 0) text: From across the street, Da ey stares up at the tall build seeming unsure of what to do next. Flack materializes nex to him, urges him across the street. traffic) Come on! We dox't have much time. Flack continues across th being hit. Davey starts which squeals its brakes nearly hit the boy before busy street without fear of nd blasts its horn. Two others he makes it across, shaken.
52) 0) text: Flack and Davey sneak through the garage, checking the names on every parking space.
52) 1) dialog: (to Flack, as they run) He said he had to be someplace at 5:30.
53) 0) text: Inside the bouncing trunk, Davey holds on for dear life. The car suddenly takes a sharp turn and Morris's dead bod rolls over on top of him, pinning him underneath, scaring him to death.
53) 1) dialog: (whispering) Jack..! Agent X...? (struggled with corpse) Jack, help me...! Flack materializes inside the crowded trunk, feeling like a pretzel in a sardine can. He helps remove the corpse off Davey.
53) 7) dialog: He was my friend. How could they do that to him?
53) 9) dialog: (outraged) But they didn't have to kill him...!
53) 11) dialog: We've stopped.
55) 0) text: Davey stiffens as he hears this, cracking the lid an eigh of an inch for a look at what's going on. He finds himsel staring at the belt buckles of the two thugs from his sliver of a vantage point.
57) 0) text: Flack turns to Davey with an encouraging wink.
60) 0) text: Davey stops before the main kntrance to the mission. He spends a moment hiking up hi pants and wiping the sweat off his palms. Then he begins to slowly walk toward the huge double-oak doors. Soe atte A he UCN tht Robe AE rt ae hans Fe 1c flmth Rata 70
61) 0) text: Davey steps through the door and looks around. It isa huge rectangular adobe room, enormous candelabras hang fr the vaulted ceiling. Smaller rooms containing exhibits lead off to one side, security guards posted at both the main entrance and the side door to the gardens. Tourists Pack the place. Davey moves through the throng searching for a glimpse of Opbst and Rice. They're nowhere to be se A small knot of tourists dissolves at the far end of the room and Davey suddenly sees Rice. The killer checks his watch, hikes the camera bag over his shoulder, and begins to move. Davey is directly in his path. If he glances up, he must see the boy. Davey dives behind the first adult h sees, a woman he doesn't even recognize in his panic. Eunice MacCready, the nice lady from the boat, looks down at him curiously, her husband beside her pawing through t postcard rack.
61) 2) dialog: Please ma'am, I'm hiding from that man. Davey glances up, recognizes her, but his attention is on Rice. He slides around Eunice, keeping her girth between him and Rice as the killer picks up his stride for the door. She follows the boy's gaze, and sees Rice.
61) 12) dialog: Davey.
61) 14) dialog: Ma'am, I really have to go. It's a matter of national security.
62) 2) dialog: (trying to talk between rattling teeth) But, but --- George and Eunice step through the door into the plaza outside the Alamo, George hurrying over.
62) 14) dialog: (desperately pointing to the case in the Guard's arms) But that case has the secret plans in it ---
62) 16) dialog: But it does --- Before he can say anything more, Eunice takes him by the shoulders and steers him toward a non-descript blue Ford Fairlane parked just down the street. Davey keeps glancin back at the three men, the security Guard, Rice, and Geor MacCready lost in conversation. And behind them, watching him stands Opbst. Eunice clucks at him the entire time as she leads him toward her car.
63) 0) text: Davey slides across| the seat and stares out the driver's side window as Eunice gets in beside him. He watches as the security Guard walks away, apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he's received. George continues to talk to Rice, the glder man gesturing animatedly, seeming very angry, the killer listening almost contritely, both men clutching theiy identical camera cases. Davey's eyes widen as the convezrsation suddenly ceases and the two exchange camera cages.
63) 13) dialog: He's giveh him the camera case back.
63) 15) dialog: But you don't understand. There was a Donkey Kong tape in there, only it wasn't a Donkey Kong game, it was --- The driver's door suddenly opens and George slides in, tossing the camera case \to Davey, and starting the car.
63) 17) dialog: (holding) the case almost broken-héartedly) No, sir, it was |\the other case, the one you gave that man just now. That was the one that had the secret plans in it. |
65) 2) dialog: Pardon?
65) 4) dialog: You got it!
65) 6) dialog: (to George) But how'd you do it?
65) 11) dialog: But it isn't a Donkey Kong tape. There's an extra micro chip in here that contains the plans to some important American defense project.
65) 13) dialog: He was going to give it to some Russian spy.
65) 16) dialog: Only that he had two fingers missing.
65) 18) dialog: Sure. He holds the tape out to her. She primly removes one of the gloves she always wears and grasps the tape with her thumb, first and second fingers. The other two are missing. Davey stares at the mutilated hand in numb horror. Eunice frowns at the boy.
66) 0) text: Tiny pinholes of light leak through portions of the Cadil chassis and fall on Davey's unconscious face. Flack's voice comes out of the darkness.
66) 6) dialog: . (groggily) Where are we?
67) 12) dialog: We'll never get out of here.
67) 14) dialog: Kim, Kim --- Just static.
67) 16) dialog: Why can't I get her?
67) 18) dialog: Well, think of something!
68) 0) text: The empty backseat is suddenly disturbed by a moving lump in the plush upholstery. A moment later, Davey breaks through, crowbar in hand. Flack peers through the hole from the trunk.
68) 2) dialog: Wait. Davey clambers across the seat and into the front. He picks up the phone and begins to dial. cut To
69) 1) dialog: Kim sits in the dark, biting her nails as she waits for h mother to come home. The phone rings on the table beside her. She picks it up.
69) 3) dialog: Kim, it's me. Did you tell your mother?
69) 5) dialog: Kim, you gotta get to the airport. Right now!
69) 7) dialog: The spies have the tape. They're old. A man and a lady. She only has three fingers.
69) 12) dialog: I'm in a car. Listen: They're gonna fly to Mexico City. At midnight.
69) 14) dialog: Use your bus pass....
70) 15) dialog: ~ (horrified) I gotta call Kim!
71) 0) text: Opbst opens the trunk, the rising trunk blocking Davey's view through the rear window.
73) 0) text: Davey, who isn't quite tall enough to both hit the accel- erator and see out the windshield at the same time, turns to Flack for help.
73) 1) dialog: You gotta tell me how to drive this thing!
73) 3) dialog: This is the shift.
75) 0) text: Davey selects drive.
75) 1) dialog: (to Flack) Sorry. As the car suddenly shoots forward, Flack is knocked back over the seat by the tremendous acceleration.
79) 0) text: The Cadillac has come to a forced halt against a wall. Inside the car, Davey finds reverse, and the car burns rubber, backing up a dozen yards, then skids to a halt as Davey slams on the brakes.
80) 0) text: Flack sits in the backseat of the stopped car, more than Just visibly shaken by the crush. Davey is trying the pho again.
80) 1) dialog: I gotta warn Kim...!
86) 0) text: As the dust settles, Flack picks himself up off the floor boards with a groan while Davey fumbles with the car phon trying to dial out.
86) 1) dialog: I gotta call Kim and tell her about the bomb.
86) 3) dialog: Then she's prob'ly safe.
86) 5) dialog: She couldn't be... {tries his radio) Hello, Kim...? {getting no answer) Why won't she answer?
87) 2) dialog: (trying to talk between rattling teeth) But, but --- George and Eunice step through the door into the plaza outside the Alamo, George hurrying over.
87) 14) dialog: (desperately pointing to the case in the Guard's arms) But that case has the secret plans in it ---
87) 16) dialog: But it does --- Before he can say anything more, Eunice takes him by the shoulders and steers him toward a non-descript blue Ford Fairlane parked just down the street. Davey keeps glancin back at the three men, the security Guard, Rice, and Geor MacCready lost in conversation. And behind them, watching him stands Opbst. Eunice clucks at him the entire time as she leads him toward her car.
88) 0) text: Davey slides across} the seat and stares out the driver's side window as Eunite gets in beside him. He watches as the security Guard walks away, apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he's received. George continues to talk to Rice, the dider man gesturing animatedly, seeming very angry, the killer listening almost contritely, both men clutching theiy identical camera cases. Davey's eyes widen as the conversation suddenly ceases and the two exchange camera ca
88) 12) dialog: him the camera case back.
88) 14) dialog: But you don't understand. There was a Donkey Kong tape in there, only it wasn't a Donkey Kong game, it was --- The driver's door sudderly opens and George slides in, tossing the camera case |to Davey, and starting the car.
88) 16) dialog: (holding| the case almost broken-heartedLy) No, sir, it was ithe other case, the one you gave that man just now. That was the one| that had the secret plans in it. : 77 78
90) 2) dialog: Pardon?
90) 4) dialog: You got it!
90) 6) dialog: (to George) But how'd you do it?
90) 11) dialog: But it isn't a Donkey Kong tape. There's an extra micro chip in here that contains the plans to some important American defense project.
90) 13) dialog: He was going to give it to some Russian spy.
90) 16) dialog: Only that he had two fingers missing.
90) 18) dialog: Sure. He holds the tape out to her. She primly removes one of the gloves she always wears and grasps the tape with her thumb, first and second fingers. The other two are Missing. Davey stares at the mutilated hand in numb horror. Eunice frowns at the boy.
90) 27) dialog: Her walkie-talkie...?
91) 0) text: Kim is trying to raise Davey on her walkie-talkie. It doesn't work.
91) 5) dialog: We have to tell her! (thinking, sees car clock:
93) 0) text: Davey and Flack stop beside a public phone booth. Davey w off his backpack, takes a quarter out of it, and drops it the ground, stepping into the booth. Flack crowds in behi him looking at Davey with an almost joyous smile.
94) 2) dialog: (looking at him like he's crazy as he dials) What?
94) 4) dialog: (listening to the phone ring on the other end) Are you crazy? They're trying to kill me.
94) 9) dialog: (outraged) They can kill me.
94) 11) dialog: (into the phone, suddenly) Yes, could I speak to Master Sergeant Hal Osborne, please. It's his son calling. cuT To
96) 0) text: Davey into the phone desperately, Flack peering over his shoulder.
96) 1) dialog: Dad, you've got to help me. Those spies put a bomb in Kim's walkie- talkie and she doesn't know it --- cuT TO
97) 0) text: Hal stiffens, cutting Davey off.
97) 8) dialog: (almost in tears now) Dad, please, listen to me. They're going to take the plans out of the country at midnight --- Unseen by either Davey or Flack, the black van turns the corner and cruises down the street behind them. It's obvious Haverman hasn't spotted the boy yet; it's just as obvious he will any second.
97) 10) dialog: (the tears coming now) Dad...! I'm not home. Please listen to me for once. I promise i'm telling the trutht I'm down by the river walk. But don't worry about me. You've got to get to Kim before the bomb.... The van picks up a little speed, heading directly toward the phone booth.
98) 0) text: Davey and Flack just roll out of the van's path as it sma “inte the phone booth, totally demolishing it in an explo of splintering glass and chrome. INT. VAN - NIGHT lil Haverman's miscalculated, a wall's rushing up at him. He tries to turn, but it's too late. He doesn't even have time to scream. EXT. STREET - STORE FRONT ~- NIGHT 1l2 The van plows into a store front directly behind the demo ished phone booth, and comes to a halt, upended on its si cur To
100) 0) text: Flack helps Davey to his feet, both of them staring at th wreck. Haverman's dead body hangs out the front window of the van.
100) 2) dialog: No....
100) 4) dialog: We gotta get across the river to the bus stop. We need a bus to the airport.
103) 0) text: Davey races down the samp stairs he took earlier in the day, leaping them four ak a time. EXT. OUTDOOR CAFE - a 118 At the same cafe wher¢ he stopped for help earlier in the day. Davey skids to bh halt between the deserted tables, and looks at his watch.
103) 12) dialog: Only twentytfive minutes till midnight -- He turns, about to ru drinking filtre coffee only to see Flack sitting at a table calmly looking up at Davey.
104) 0) text: Davey hurries across the bridge, freezing midway. From hi point of view, he sees Rice and Opbst stopping, searching the shadows and moving on, then suddenly Rice spots Davey
105) 0) text: Davey runs along the river then through an arched tunnel beneath the road that passes overhead, leaving his pursue far behind.
107) 0) text: Davey trips and sprawls headfirst onto the path, ripping his pants. He sits up, grabbing his knee. He's skinned it badly, blo beginning to well up through the torn skin. Flack suddenly steps out of the shadows, staring back the way Davey just came, listening hard.
107) 2) dialog: (looking up at him) I don't wanna kill anybody.
107) 7) dialog: Fun?! We've got twenty-four minutes till the bomb goes off.... Davey is unconvinced. They lock finally:
107) 10) dialog: But I don't have a gun or a knife or anything....
107) 12) dialog: (reluctantly) Okay.
108) 0) text: Opbst pads along silently, his gaze probing every nook an cranny, every shadow along the walk. Davey crouches in the darkness of the tunnel. He stares into the darkness as the spy passes. Nearby, a rat chirps and scurries out from near Davey. Opbst shoots him. Then there is silence again. But Davey now looks around for ether rats that might be surrounding him. He turns and looks along the path. There, glimpsed for a moment in a splash of moonlight is Rice. Davey takes a deep breath, gulps, and suddenly jumps up shouting and waving his hands.
108) 1) dialog: Hey, Ricey! Whatsamatter? Can't ya shoot straight? EXTERIOR, -. FURTHER BACK =NIGHT. .... ve te re en BBL
109) 0) text: Opbst stands beyond the tunnel, looking back the way he just came, listening to the soft sound of the bullets smashing into the dirt along the path. Suddenly Davey appears out of the darkness, almost crashing into him, zigzagging around him at the last moment, and down the path.
109) 14) dialog: He's dead.
109) 16) dialog: (a little in shodk) My dad was right. (turning to Flack) . 1 don't.wanta play anymere. Davey turns, looking at the Luger at Flack's feet, glanci back down the path where he can now hear Rice approaching Back and forth his head gdes, between the gun and the approaching killer, the killer and the gun.
110) 0) text: Davey skids to a sudden halt, facing a blank concrete wal twenty feet high. He's reached a dead end. He whirls, looking to his left: nothing there but more high wall. He glances to his right: nothing there but the river. He stares back the way he's just come. He can hear Rice's footsteps pounding toward him out of the darkness. He's trapped with nowhere left to run.
110) 4) dialog: Stay away from me or I'1l shoot.
110) 6) dialog: (continuing to back away) I'm warning you, this isn't a water pistol ---
110) 14) dialog: Stop, please, stop. I don't want to shoot you!
110) 17) text: Davey sees Flack suddenly run along the wall, angling toward Rice, whipping off his spy hat with the bullet- proof shield, holding it in Rice's direction.
110) 22) dialog: Don't, Jack! Rice, alarmed at the possibility of an accomplice with Davey, instinctively whips his Schmeizer around, shoots a burst of machine-gun fire at the super spy. The pyrotechnics are wild, as a mixture of brightly glowi tracer bullets and standard ammunition flies through Flack's semitransparent body, throwing him back as each slug enters and passes through his body, tearing through his flesh and clothing, then crashing into the wall behin him. It is a spectacular death, and it horrifies Davey to see his friend murdered.
110) 23) dialog: (standing, screaming) Nott! Davey raises the Luger, fires it at Rice, the bullet slamming into the killer, right between the eyes, propelling him backward, the part of his face which can still be seen now looking stunned, just before the blood gushes. Rice topples into the river, and floats away. Davey runs over to where Jack had just been. He seems to have vanished.
110) 24) dialog: Jack! Jack materializes behind Davey, in perfectly good shape. There is no sign of any physical damage. Just a little dust. The kind you get playing guns. He brushes himself off.
110) 26) dialog: (in disbelief) You're not dead?
110) 31) dialog: He could see you. Jack just shrugs. He doesn't seem to know or care.
110) 34) dialog: That wasn't fair! You tricked me! You made me kill him! weep agen cee -FLACK. ou < peat henge tebe ne tee A “clear | case of self- defense! Davey whips the lead figure of Jack Flack out of his pocket, is about to throw it ---
110) 40) dialog: (still furious) I don't want to play anymore. Flack, deeply hurt by the boy's action, sits down, weak.
110) 42) dialog: Buh?
110) 47) dialog: (staring) He did hit you...!
110) 52) dialog: But you're bleeding. I didn't think anything could hurt you.
110) 54) dialog: Don't say that. You'll be fine. Davey grabs Flack as he falls, gently cradling the man's head in his lap. The super spy looks up at him, trying to smile through the pain.
110) 56) dialog: (not wanting to hear) Just hold on Jack. I'll get help.
110) 58) dialog: No, Jack! It isn't over!
110) 60) dialog: {in a panic) Don't leave me!
110) 67) dialog: Jack, where are you? And a voice answers him out of the ether, getting (X) further and further away all the time. (x)
110) 68) dialog: Jack, Jack, come back. I can't do it on my own! The voice getting farther and farther away.
112) 0) text: Davey hobbles as quickly as he can to a stopped bus. The door is open. A disinterested Driver sitting at the wheel as a few passengers await its departure.
113) 5) dialog: This the bus to the airport?
113) 7) dialog: I've lost my school bus pass.
113) 9) dialog: (turning his pockets inside out) But I don't have it.
113) 11) dialog: (desperately) But you have to. I'1l pay you when we get to the airport --- ee - DRIVER bee . Loe a Los Sorry! Davey turns and climbs off the bus. EXT. BUS STOP - STREET - NIGHT , 129-c Davey alights from the bus, the hiss of the airbrakes mocking him as it departs. cuT To
115) 0) text: Several cabbies stand around talking before an all-night donut shop, their cars waiting for fares at the curb. Davey skids to a halt before a pot-bellied older driver.
115) 1) dialog: Mister, take me to the airport, please.
115) 3) dialog: Yes, sir, tons.
115) 5) dialog: But, mister, I have to get to the airport --- But the man has already turned away, lost in conversation about the San Antonio Spurs with a buddy. Davey hobbles t the next cabby,. an aging, Hippie with a day's growth. .
115) 6) dialog: Will you take me to the airport, please? I'll find some way to pay you when we get there. The man just stares at him.
115) 10) dialog: Please, it's a matter of life and death!
115) 12) dialog: (tearing up and plucking at his shirt- sleeve) Please, mister, I have to get to the airport quick.
115) 14) dialog: I haven't got the time. If I don't get to the airport now, this girl is going to die. Another moment passes, the aging Hippie staring at the ki the kid staring back, neither blinking. Suddenly the cabb walks to his car and throws the back door open.
116) 0) text: The Hippie slides behind the wheel and starts the car. Davey leans over the front seat.
116) 1) dialog: How long does it take?
119) 0) text: Davey glances at his watch. It reads 11:47. He leans over the front seat.
119) 1) dialog: Can't you go any faster? Please. I only have a few minutes left.
120) 0) text: Kim stands before a security Guard at the checkpoint prio to the main boarding terminal where all passengers must pass through the metal detector and have their hand lugga searched and X-rayed before they can board. She's deep into her effort to explain to the man what Davey told her
121) 0) text: The cab carrying Davey screeches to a halt before the entrance to the international terminal.
122) 0) text: Davey pauses with his hand on the door, looking at the aging Hippie.
122) 1) dialog: I'll see you get your money somehow --~
124) 0) text: Davey skids to a halt before the check in counter, lookin around wildly for a glimpse of Kim. She's nowhere in sight. He dashes for a public courtesy booth.
124) 1) dialog: How do I find somebody? A woman leans forward to answer him. cuT To sees Hace 142 143
126) 0) text: Davey stands by a public courtesy phone as the overhead speaker blares an announcement.
128) 0) text: The MacCreadys have just passed through the checkpoint an are walking toward the entrance to the boarding area as Davey skids to a halt before the guards, the metal detect to one side with a waiting line behind it.
128) 1) dialog: Pardon me, have you seen a girl about eight? She's got blonde hair and....
128) 5) dialog: Stop them! The MacCreadys turn and stare at the boy as Davey tries t dash around the X-ray machine only to be snagged by one o the guards.
128) 9) dialog: But they've got the tape ---+
128) 11) dialog: (hopping up and down with frustration) But the tape ---
128) 13) dialog: Mom, Dad, please, don't leave me! The MacCreadys freeze again, glancing back as the Guard turns around to look at them. They hurry on their way, suddenly wishing they were invisible. The Guard turns bac to Davey.
128) 18) dialog: Yes, sir, and they told me to wait in the car. They said they'd be right back. Only I knew they were lying. They're leaving me behind forever! The Guard suddenly turns and calls loudly after the MacCreadys.
128) 23) text: (sarcastically) (X) Of course not! Do we look like we'd have children that age? The Guard looks down at Davey, none too pleased.
128) 25) dialog: (more innocent than apple pie) No, sir. I don't know why they're doing this, but I can prove they're my folks.
128) 30) dialog: If you look inside that bag, you'll find one of my electronic game tapes, Donkey Kong. The Guard looks up at George and holds out his hand.
128) 35) dialog: Kim, quick, give me the walkie- _talkie --- George and Eunice glance up. All they see is a little gir rushing toward them followed by two security guards. Thinking they've been discovered, George goes crazy. He smashes the Guard beside him across the chest with his overnight case, slamming the man back against the wall. A the man slumps to the floor stunned, George grabs his gun of his holster and whips it up, pointing it at the approa security guards.
128) 39) text: y Rev. 7/29/83 Zz CONTINUED - £& 145 The guards skid to a halt, their hands raised just as Dav meets Kim in front of them. Before she can say anything, he rips her backpack off, Pa through it, and grabs the walkie-talkie. He looks around wildly for somewhere to get rid of the bomb. He sees a door behind the MacCreadys with a glowing "Exit" sign abo it. He vaults the inspection area stand and dashes for it George reaches out and snags Davey on the way, throwing a choke hold on the boy and using him as a body shield between himself and the guards, yelling at them as he hol the gun to Davey's head.
128) 41) dialog: (struggling to get free, holding up the walkie-talkie) But this thing has a bo(mb) -- ! (x) George tightens his hold on Davey's neck, cutting off his words and most of his air. The boy gasps as he's dragged backward by George, Eunice beside him, the gun and the hostage holding the guards at bay.
130) 0) text: George and Eunice back into the crowded waiting area, George's gun still held to Davey's head. People back away from them as the Ticket Agent intones boarding instructio
133) 0) text: George shoves Davey away from tne door, Eunice by his sid
133) 2) dialog: But this is a ---
133) 6) text: Driven back by the man's insane tone, Davey gives up and hurries to the back of the empty airplane. He plops into a seat near the bathrooms, hidden from sigh He takes out his Boy Scout penknife and pries the back of the walkie-talkie. It is filled with plastique and a profusion of colored wires; red, green, white, and blue, seemingly running every which way from the timing device into the explosive. He stares at them in total bewilderme
133) 7) dialog: Which one...? (without thinking about it, calls out) Jack, which one do I cut?
133) 11) dialog: Jack? And it hits him; Jack Flack isn’t there to save him. His eyes widen with panic as he realizes just how alone he is And he sits there, surrounded by the silence, staring at the bomb with its impossible profusion of wires sitting o his small lap, the seconds ticking away inside the digita display, the counter showing there are only three minutes to go. In the front section, George and Eunice step back as Hal, dressed in his Air Force uniform, walks into the plane. George motions at him with his gun. Eunice frisks him. (X
135) 0) text: Davey is staring worriedly at the guts of the bomb, bitin his lower lip, the penknife poised in his hand, the secon ticking away on the digital display, even as he watches.
135) 4) dialog: Oh...oh... (suddenly really frightened) Help me, Jack.... Tears of hopelessness start to roll down Davey's face. 150-C INT. COCKPIT - NIGHT 150-c Hal reaches nervously for the radio mike. George reacts suspiciously.
136) 0) text: Davey is close to tears.
136) 1) dialog: Oh, Jack, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to throw you away ---
138) 10) text: Davey rises reluctantly, staring at the bomb on the seat.
138) 11) dialog: But...but it's going to go off in (X%) less than a min ---
140) 0) text: Davey takes off down the aisle, leaving Eunice, staring a the bomb and still screaming. it keeps ticking, 060, 059
142) 0) text: Davey bursts through the door into his father's arms.
142) 1) dialog: Dad ---
144) 3) dialog: (staring at the small window You'll never fit --- Suddenly there's a pounding at the door and screams from the other side.
144) 6) dialog: (struggling to ° voyage tee bimself) | SN ape a ei care tate ONE LENBUE Be ae ie te ARNE ne oe Lathe sty He shoves his son screaming and fighting through the smal window. :
144) 7) dialog: No -~ !
144) 12) dialog: Dad, Dad -- ! And the plane continues to gain speed, quickly outdistanc the small running boy, roaring off into the night, swallo up by darkness. Davey keeps running after it anyway. The night is suddenly shattered by a huge explosion, a fireball of incredible brightness and size roaring up out of the blackness. The concussion blows Davey back and off his feet, bending the grass and bushes around him almost their breaking point. He picks himself slowly up off the ground, staring down t runway at a night that has suddenly become brighter than day, an enormous fireball of high-octane aviation fuel climbing into the night sky.
144) 13) dialog: (in a shattered voice) Dad! Tears stream down his cheeks. (X)
144) 14) dialog: Dad -- !
144) 21) dialog: (staring in disbelief) Jack? And now the figure is closer, almost recognizable...and i looks just like the super spy, everything about him is th same, the walk, the carriage, even the faint smile Davey can barely make out on the man's face.
144) 22) dialog: Jack! And his father stoops down and grabs him up in his arms, swinging him about, cradling the crying boy's face in his son tant eps sian scene SE ODT SHOU AR », athe, and there what seems Tike sevéra eee s  piharty Her Holds Him Sue r a little bit away from him, using his free hand to wipe Davey's tears away, and brushing aside a few of his own a the same time. He smiles almost wistfully at his son. Davey gets his first real good look at his father; sure enough, it's Hal Osborne, his face smudged with the smoke of the wreck, his hair singed by the fire, discheviled an battered, nothing very romantic about him at all. Davey looks at him hard, real joy and relief flooding his small boy's face. He throws his arms around his father's neck again, holding him as tightly as he can.
144) 23) dialog: Dad! How'd you get out?