48) 64) text: What? He follows her gaze ust as Davey gets out of his seat and moves in their direction in a desperate attempt to put so distance between himgelf and Opbst. Opbst rises and comes after him. Eunice grbbs Davey as he attempts to pass and Plops him down betweeh her and her husband, wriggling ove to make room for him. | Opbst comes to a halt and sits do a few seats back, forcling others to make room for him.
48) 65) dialog: What's wrong) boy? Davey casts a glance in| out from the file of se smiling wolfishly. Eun Opbst's direction. The man leans ted people and looks at him, ce follows the boy's gaze.
48) 67) dialog: Try me.
61) 0) text: Davey steps through the door and looks around. It isa huge rectangular adobe room, enormous candelabras hang fr the vaulted ceiling. Smaller rooms containing exhibits lead off to one side, security guards posted at both the main entrance and the side door to the gardens. Tourists Pack the place. Davey moves through the throng searching for a glimpse of Opbst and Rice. They're nowhere to be se A small knot of tourists dissolves at the far end of the room and Davey suddenly sees Rice. The killer checks his watch, hikes the camera bag over his shoulder, and begins to move. Davey is directly in his path. If he glances up, he must see the boy. Davey dives behind the first adult h sees, a woman he doesn't even recognize in his panic. Eunice MacCready, the nice lady from the boat, looks down at him curiously, her husband beside her pawing through t postcard rack.
61) 1) dialog: Well, look who's here. Last time (X) I saw you, you were jumping off a boat. Get a little seasick did you?
61) 3) dialog: Oh, it's somebody new this time, is it? Are you ready to tell me what this is all about? (to her husband) George! Her husband walks over, mumbling subserviently. In the b.g., a uniformed Guard announces closing time.
61) 6) dialog: {nodding at Davey) Our young friend seems to be in some sort of trouble again ---
61) 10) dialog: Just a second, young man. Eunice grabs him by his shirt collar, dragging him to a sudden halt. Davey twists under her grip, desperate to follow Rice before he loses him.
61) 11) dialog: What's your name?
61) 13) dialog: Not Davey Crocket, by any chance...?
61) 15) dialog: (amused) Well, then. We wouldn't want to stand in your way...! She releases her grip. He scampers away, the nice couple “staring after him. Eunice turns to her husband.
61) 16) dialog: What do you think?
61) 18) dialog: I agree. Davey spots Rice through a break in the milling throng ju as the overhead lights begin to flick on and off, a Guard voice echoing in the vaulted room.
62) 15) dialog: (patting Davey on the head) Of course, it does, dear.
62) 20) dialog: Now, now, don't fret yourself. George will take care of everything. He's very good at that. She opens the passenger side door to the front and shoos Davey inside before he can argue any further.
63) 0) text: Davey slides across| the seat and stares out the driver's side window as Eunice gets in beside him. He watches as the security Guard walks away, apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he's received. George continues to talk to Rice, the glder man gesturing animatedly, seeming very angry, the killer listening almost contritely, both men clutching theiy identical camera cases. Davey's eyes widen as the convezrsation suddenly ceases and the two exchange camera cages.
63) 14) dialog: He did? ell, he must have had a reason to do it. George always knows what\he's doing. Davey turns to Eunicel unaware that George has broken fre of Rice behind him and is walking toward the car.
65) 5) dialog: (smiling benevolently at him) See. I told you. George is real good at making things come out right.
65) 15) dialog: (breaking in) Really? Did he say what this spy looked like?
65) 17) dialog: How exciting! May I see that tape, Davey?
65) 19) dialog: Something wrong, Davey? His terror-filled eyes lift to stare at her cold face. He makes a sudden dive over her for the door, but George grabs him and roughly yanks him back down in the seat, hurting him.
65) 24) dialog: Such a clever little boy, George. I wish we could bring him with us to Mexico City.
65) 26) dialog: (upset) I don't like his methods, and I don't like those two thugs of his.
65) 28) dialog: Not if he wants to keep doing business with us.
65) 30) dialog: (still adding perfume) Midnight. We'll go back and check out now, but I think we should cancel our dinner reservations. What a nuisance! Suddenly and without warning Eunice clamps the handkerchi over Davey's face. He struggles against the chloroform as everything goes black.
87) 15) dialog: (patting Davey on the head) Of course, it does, dear.
87) 20) dialog: Now, now, don't fret yourself. George will take care of everything. He's very good at that. She opens the passenger side door to the front and shoos Davey inside before he can argue any further.
88) 13) dialog: He did? ell, he must have had a reason to do it. George always knows what\he's doing. Davey turns to Eunice’ of Rice behind him an unaware that George has broken free is walking toward the car.
90) 5) dialog: (smiling benevolently at him) See. I told you. George is real good at making things come out right.
90) 15) dialog: (breaking in) Really? Did he say what this spy looked like?
90) 17) dialog: How exciting! May I see that tape, Davey?
90) 19) dialog: Something wrong, Davey? His terror-filled eyes lift to stare at her cold face. He makes a sudden dive over her for the door, but George grabs him and roughly yanks him back down in the seat, hurting him.
130) 0) text: George and Eunice back into the crowded waiting area, George's gun still held to Davey's head. People back away from them as the Ticket Agent intones boarding instructio
133) 0) text: George shoves Davey away from tne door, Eunice by his sid
138) 7) dialog: 
138) 12) dialog: March, junior! Now!! (X) She clears the seat and stops above him, getting her firs look at the bomb. It's a very good one: the plastique, the wires, the ticking time counter, all of it are sudden visible to her. She freezes with fear and screams.
138) 13) dialog: “~~ George! George! The bomb's digital counter is clicking away even as she watches, 068, 067 ---
139) 0) text: George suddenly whirls, taking his eyes off Hal, and staring down the passageway toward the back of the plane, Eunice's screams getting louder and more fearful. :
139) 7) dialog: George! He takes off on a run out of the cockpit. Hal grabs the microphone again, yelling into it.
140) 0) text: Davey takes off down the aisle, leaving Eunice, staring a the bomb and still screaming. it keeps ticking, 060, 059
140) 1) dialog: George! Davey gets halfway down the plane when George suddenly appears from the front section. They almost collide, the spy collaring the boy and dragging him to a halt.
141) 4) dialog: Forget the boy and get back here! INT. AIRPORT BOARDING LOUNGE - NIGHT i58 The huge jet tears right toward the window; suddenly it turns a hard right, its enormous left wing swinging in a huge are directly toward the window.
141) 9) dialog: Well, disarm it. ©
141) 14) dialog: The door! They both bolt down the aisle toward the midsection doors
143) 0) text: George is pulling at the exit door. He turns to Eunice.