48) 46) text: Look at that, George.
48) 49) dialog: 
61) 5) dialog: Yes, dear.
61) 17) dialog: I think the boy needs us.
62) 3) dialog: He didn't steal anything, officer.
62) 7) dialog: A simple mistake. I asked the boy to pick up my camera case and he took the wrong one. Rice slams through the front door behind them and skids t a halt when he sees Davey with the security Guard and the nice couple. Trying to preserve his anonymity, he turns. walk off toward the distant figures of Opbst and Haverman The Guard holds up the camera case he took from Davey and yells at Rice.
62) 13) dialog: Why don't you take the boy to our car while I straighten this out.
63) 0) text: Davey slides across| the seat and stares out the driver's side window as Eunice gets in beside him. He watches as the security Guard walks away, apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he's received. George continues to talk to Rice, the glder man gesturing animatedly, seeming very angry, the killer listening almost contritely, both men clutching theiy identical camera cases. Davey's eyes widen as the convezrsation suddenly ceases and the two exchange camera cages.
63) 16) dialog: Is this what yqu're so worried about?
65) 0) text: As they drive along, dusk begins to slip into night. George takes his eyes from the road long enough to toss a amused glance at the dispirited boy in the seat beside hi
65) 1) dialog: What makes you so sure I gave the wrong case back?
65) 3) dialog: (nedding at the case in Davey's hands) Open it and find out. Davey opens the case, hardly daring to believe the tape might actually be there. But there it is at the bottom of the case, black and rectangular with that stupid logo on it. Davey whips the tape out, flashing George a joyous smile.
65) 7) dialog: I just gave that man my camera case in its place. He never noticed the difference. Now do you mind telling us what this is all about? After all I've sacrificed my good camera to save your Donkey Kong tape.
65) 12) dialog: Then why would that man have it at the Alamo?
65) 14) dialog: No...!
65) 20) dialog: Sorry.... Eunice takes out a bottle of Chanel Number 5 and methodic sprinkles the "perfume" onto her handkerchief as Davey wa fascinated.
65) 25) dialog: I've made arrangements with Rice. He'll take care of him for us on our way to the airport.
65) 27) dialog: I made it very clear to him back -there how displeased we are with this whole mess. He won't dare make another mistake.
65) 29) dialog: I made that clear. What time is our flight?
87) 3) dialog: He didn't steal anything, officer.
87) 7) dialog: A simple mistake. I asked the boy to pick up my camera case and he took the wrong one. Rice slams through the front door behind them and skids t a halt when he sees Davey with the security Guard and the nice couple. Trying to preserve his anonymity, he turns t walk off toward the distant figures of Opbst and Haverman The Guard holds up the camera case he took from Davey and yells at Rice.
87) 13) dialog: Why don't you take the boy to our car while I straighten this out.
88) 0) text: Davey slides across} the seat and stares out the driver's side window as Eunite gets in beside him. He watches as the security Guard walks away, apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he's received. George continues to talk to Rice, the dider man gesturing animatedly, seeming very angry, the killer listening almost contritely, both men clutching theiy identical camera cases. Davey's eyes widen as the conversation suddenly ceases and the two exchange camera ca
88) 15) dialog: Is this what you're so worried about?
90) 0) text: As they drive along, dusk begins to slip into night. George takes his eyes from the road long enough to toss a amused glance at the dispirited boy in the seat beside hi
90) 1) dialog: What makes you so sure I gave the wrong case back?
90) 3) dialog: (nodding at the case in Davey's hands) Open it and find out. Davey opens the case, hardly daring to believe the tape might actually be there. But there it is at the bottom of the case, black and rectangular with that stupid logo on it. Davey whips the tape out, flashing George a joyous smile.
90) 7) dialog: I just gave that man my camera case in its place. He never noticed the difference. Now do you mind telling us what this is all about? After all I've sacrificed my good camera to save your Donkey Kong tape.
90) 12) dialog: Then why would that man have it at the Alamo?
90) 14) dialog: No...!
90) 20) dialog: Sorry.... Eunice takes out a bottle of Chanel Number 5 and methodic sprinkles the "perfume" onto her handkerchief as Davey wa fascinated.
128) 20) dialog: But our plane’s boarding ---
128) 32) dialog: (getting very uncom- fortable suddenly) But I assure you, officer, this boy's lying. We've never seen him before in our lives.
128) 36) dialog: Stand back!
128) 39) text: y Rev. 7/29/83 Zz CONTINUED - £& 145 The guards skid to a halt, their hands raised just as Dav meets Kim in front of them. Before she can say anything, he rips her backpack off, Pa through it, and grabs the walkie-talkie. He looks around wildly for somewhere to get rid of the bomb. He sees a door behind the MacCreadys with a glowing "Exit" sign abo it. He vaults the inspection area stand and dashes for it George reaches out and snags Davey on the way, throwing a choke hold on the boy and using him as a body shield between himself and the guards, yelling at them as he hol the gun to Davey's head.
128) 40) dialog: Now just stay where you are!
130) 0) text: George and Eunice back into the crowded waiting area, George's gun still held to Davey's head. People back away from them as the Ticket Agent intones boarding instructio
133) 0) text: George shoves Davey away from tne door, Eunice by his sid
133) 3) dialog: 
133) 12) dialog: Into the cockpit. (%) In the back, Davey glances up long enough to catch a glimpse of the pilot disappearing through the forward o~ compartment, but he's too far away and the moment is t brief for him to recognize his father.
134) 0) text: Hal slips into the pilot's seat and begins to run a check on the instrument panel as George stands over him, the crete gone SOD. EEBANOS. OR DES RAG ag ea wy oe nate in r
134) 1) text: Hal hits a red button and George's ears pop. He digs a finger into one of them trying to ease the pain and digs his gun into Hal's back.
134) 2) dialog: What was that?
138) 0) text: As Hal sets the mike down, George jams his gun muzzle dee into his ribs. Hal groans in pain from his seat in the pilot's chair.
138) 3) dialog: What's the big idea? You don't need to see the kid.
138) 5) dialog: Get him up here. (%) (whirling back on Hal) And no funny business from you. He jams the gun into the back of Hal's neck, both men waiting for the boy to appear, Hal revving the huge jets outside the windows, bringing them up to full power and beyond. “o
139) 0) text: George suddenly whirls, taking his eyes off Hal, and staring down the passageway toward the back of the plane, Eunice's screams getting louder and more fearful. :
140) 2) dialog: Oh, no, you don't --- Davey struggles to free himself, but he doesn't have a chance against the stronger adult. INT. COCKPIT - NIGHT i55 Hal rises from his seat, ¢raning his neck to see back dow the passageway into the interior of the Plane. At the midsection, he sees. Davey struggling.in George's grasp. falls back into his seat, throttling all jets full open a releasing the brake.
141) 13) dialog: (turning to her helplessly) I don't know how. A terrified moment passes. Suddenly:
143) 0) text: George is pulling at the exit door. He turns to Eunice.
143) 1) dialog: It won't open. Not with the cabin pressurized.
144) 4) dialog: Open up! .