21) 0) text: Two cars sit in the street opposite Davey's condo, a shin black van and a pearl white Cadillac, Inside the Cadillac, Rice can be seen replacing a car Phone. He gets out and walks back to the van. Opbst sits behind the wheel, Haverman next to him peering through a pair of binoculars. Rice stops opposite Opbst, nods at th condo.
21) 2) dialog: (lowering binoculars) So's his old man.
28) 0) text: Davey tears across the kitchen, heading for the back door He suddenly skids to a halt as Haverman fills it with his huge frame. The man kicks in the glass door, lunges at Davey, crashing through the kitchen table. Davey whirls and runs towards the living room.
29) 0) text: As he passes he sees Opb has just smashed with th front door, but Opbst an window. Davey reaches throws it open, ready to frame. He makes a grab t climbing through the window he softball. Davey tries for the icipates him, retreats from the e front door, unlocks it, and dive outside. Opbst fills the jor the boy, and Davey ducks it, retreating back up the hall stairs as Haverman lunges for him from the kitchen, er hing the coffee table beneath hi bulk and sending a lamp smashing to the floor. Davey races up the hall stairs, the two men scrambling after him.
30) 0) text: He slams the door behin out of frame. Camera hi through it, barely slowi him, punches the lock, and runs lds on door as Opbst crashes ng, tearing it off its hinges. Haverman follows him in|to find Opbst staring out an open window. There is no siqn of Davey. The two heavies look at each other, foiled adain. Curt To
35) 0) text: Haverman holds Kim roughly, his big hand around her tiny mouth. She struggles just to breath, whimpers in fear. Opbst pushes the button on her walkie-talkie. Rice is now there, sitting comfortably on the couch, amidst the shamb of the living room.
45) 0) text: Davey skids around the |bottom pillar and charges up the stairs. He's halfway tl the top when Haverman'’s bulk fil the exit to the street. Davey jerks to a halt, panting hard, and stares at the\huge killer. Haverman lumbers down the steps after hii Davey whirls and retraces his steps, taking the steps \four at a time. Opbst suddenly appears at the bottom of the stairs, turni the corner on the run, just missing the boy as Davey slip past.
47) 26) dialog: Over there --- an standing on the bridge, his head to see Opbst running £ the river, toward him, called’ joins his partner and they (X) the crowd toward Davey. He glances up to see Have pointing at him. He twist down the walk on his side by Haverman's shout. Opbs: Drawing closer to the boat wooden guard rails that ke and forth on itself as it watches over his shoulder, trying to cut in front to Davey finds himself enclosed in ip the line in order, snaking back leeds on to the dock. As he @ two killers race up the line, t to him. A burly construction Worker with his three kids doesn't appreciate the fact that t two are trying to jump ahead of him, and makes his displleasure known; loudly. He grab Opbst by the shoulder. s
48) 0) text: He steps onto the boat,|taking his Place by one of the gunwales. The seating is circular with more seats in the middle, the Mexican-Ametican Captain at the back trying to restart the stalled gutboard motor. It simply sput- ters with each new attempt. As Davey watches the boat fill up, he sees the killers standing in line, tickets in their hands, getting |closer and closer to boarding. He looks around, not knawing what to do if they make it aboard. There's no way to run, nbthing for him to do except plung into the water where he'll make a slow moving target for them if they decide to shoot. By the time the frustrated Captain gets the motor started Opbst and Haverman are allmost at the head of the line. And finally the last perBon between them and the boat ste aboard. Davey watches, nowing he's had it. Suddenly the Captain puts up a hand s opping the two killers.
48) 26) text: Cpbst leans over and whispers to Haverman. st I'm going to get cllose to the boy. When I give you the signal, create a diversion.
48) 27) dialog: How?
48) 69) dialog: Fire! Everybody on the boat leaps|up, focused on the engine housing. Unseen by anyone, Opbst's stiletto drops out his suit coat sleeve into @ palm of his hand, and v push of its button, its leah, hungry blade leaps ov’ CONTINT” 54
48) 87) dialog: There, in thelengine --- While everybody is crani g their necks to see the fire that isn't there, Opbst Hives for Davey. Davey sees him coming and leaps out of his seat just in time to avoid th flash of the stiletto blade. It buries itself an inch int the wood where he'd just |been sitting. The Guide is on his feet uselessly pleading with h order. long with the rest of the boat, S passengers, trying to restore
54) 1) dialog: (not getting it) Hunh?
58) 0) text: Haverman is seated behind|the wheel, reading the paper. Slowly, unseen by him, the trunk lid rises into view through his rear window behind him. Suddenly sensing that something is wrong, he stiffens, his gaze rising to his rearview mirror. The raised trunk lid fills the mirror. He twists in his seat, sthring out the back window.
59) 1) dialog: Shit! He slams the trunk lid sh street, momentarily afrai The street is nearly empt other side. t and turns looking up and down the that a passerby has seen the corpse. except for a few pedestrians on the
67) 0) text: Opbst is standing at the closed Caddy trunk. Haverman sit in the driver's seat, reading a football magazine. Eviden but not prominent, is the fact that the keys are in the ignition.
67) 3) dialog: Want to kill him now?
67) 5) dialog: What's taking him so long?
70) 5) dialog: Model airplane control.
70) 11) dialog: Ya mighta told us. Hell, we coulda been blown up with her.
92) 3) dialog: That's what you said last time. They exchange dirty looks, then the black van drives ahea while Rice and Haverman search on foot.
98) 0) text: Davey and Flack just roll out of the van's path as it sma “inte the phone booth, totally demolishing it in an explo of splintering glass and chrome. INT. VAN - NIGHT lil Haverman's miscalculated, a wall's rushing up at him. He tries to turn, but it's too late. He doesn't even have time to scream. EXT. STREET - STORE FRONT ~- NIGHT 1l2 The van plows into a store front directly behind the demo ished phone booth, and comes to a halt, upended on its si cur To
100) 0) text: Flack helps Davey to his feet, both of them staring at th wreck. Haverman's dead body hangs out the front window of the van.