1) 0) text: On a heavily shadowed street, two enemy Guards patrol a tactically important village block. Inside the most Prominent building, a party is in Progress, music wafting out into the street. The two Guards meet at a corner near the party's entrance, one loaning a cigarette to the othe Then they reverse their directions, walk apart, the Secon Guard disappearing into the darkness of the night. Titles begin. Suddenly, Jack Flack, everything a spy should be, swoops into view, riding a square American-flag parachute down from a nearby rooftop. Red, white, and blue cut through the darkness as he lands directly on top of the First Gua The parachute envelops them both. Two bodies thrash withi the silk. A moment later, Flack steps out, glances down t empty street. He wears a pair of tight pants and a beauti fully cut brown leather jacket, molded perfectly to his broad shoulders, tapering to a tight fit around his slend waist. . He pushes a hidden button on his jacket, and, with a whoo the parachute repacks itself instantly back into the jack showing not even a Lump. TITLES “CONTINUE. ©” The Second Guard turns around, heads back toward the part building. Jack Flack strolls nonchalantly up to the Second Guard, w challenges him.
1) 2) dialog: (in impeccable Russian) Do you have a light?
3) 0) text: A lead figure of Jack Flack is being lifted out of a two- dimensional match for the location we have just seen. The are bombs, foreign agents, a limo, the black case, even t steel gate. Camera pulls back to reveal Davey Osborne, eleven, doing the lifting. He is excited about the succes of his roll of brightly colored geometric dice.
15) 0) text: The Lieutenant rings the’ the door to open, neithe opens and Hal Osborne gr doorbell. He and Davey wait for of them looking at the other. It ets them. His sleeves are rolled up, and he looks rather domestic with a dish towel in one hand. If the live actior| Jack Flack were to have a twin brother who grew up to bela rather meek-looking civil servant, this would be the guy. (startle to Davey) Where've you beeh? I called all over the place. (to the c worried) What happened, o.
16) 1) dialog: we're nuts. Which @. We convince your dad to help us,/ or we go it alone. One thing for re: we can't let that FBI agent /down. They both thin gives us a choi|
18) 45) dialog: He's kinda dumb for an Air Force officer, isn't he?
18) 50) dialog: Ouch! Suddenly, the phone in the hallway rings. Hal's voice echoes out of his bedroom. .
137) 0) text: Hal feels something uncomfortable on his seat. It is in his back pocket. He pulls out the damaged figure of Jack Flack, pauses a half instant, then repockets it in his shirt.