3) 2) dialog: That's not fair! You shoulda been dead! - DAVEY , (x) (smugly) But I'm not. Jack Flack always escapes!
3) 3) dialog: Dumb game!
3) 8) dialog: (disgusted) I don't believe it. (turning to Morris) How can he do that, Morris? I had ten times as many bullets as Jack Flack.
3) 12) dialog: Don't look at me. I'm sick of getting killed.
3) 14) dialog: No way! You never get hurt. It's no fun, Davey looks curiously around the shop, spies a new set of quality walkie-talkies, picks one up, flicks it on, getti a squawk.
3) 23) dialog: (on walkie-talkie; clowning) Hel-lo, everybody! She giggles with delight at the sound of her voice on the radio. Morris digs some cash out of his pants' pockets.
3) 25) dialog: Yes!!
3) 35) dialog: Not if you're gonna be embarrassing.
3) 38) dialog: Now what're ya doin'?
4) 0) text: A bus stops in front/of an elegant old skyscraper. Davey is the first one off} gun drawn, radio in hand. He makes soldier-style run toard the building entrance, bird-doggi first one passerby, then another, in a spy-like childish run, as though he us¢s each person as a shield from some imaginary sniper. M@anwhile, several others get off the bus, Kim among the ldst of them. She carries her radio, but doesn't share Davey's spirit of adventure.
4) 18) dialog: Lady Ace to Jack Flack. me? All right. Do you read
4) 22) dialog: This is whdt I meant by embarrassing. But Davey is gone. (X) Kim sighs philosophifally, follows him in. (%)
5) 0) text: spots a security guard, pockets his toy gun, lowers the ( radio. Davey notices that the directory lists Data Point on the eighth floor. Watching out for the roving security guard, he carefully crosses to the building entrance, where Kim just entering. :
5) 6) dialog: (becoming exasperated, pulling away) I really don't care! The elevator doors close, and Kim gives Davey a dirty loo
5) 8) dialog: . Good, ‘cause. I'm. not walkin' up. Two men in dark suits, Opbst and Haverman, stop beside them, also waiting for an elevator. Already threatening i appearance, we can see that Davey's imagination is runnin wild about them. But then it stops being fantasy, as Haverman shoves back his suit coat and hikes his pants. Davey is at eye level to the man's waist and finds himself staring at a loaded -38 in a belt holster. His eyes widen. Davey tries to get Kim's attention to tell her about the gun. He can't. He tries coughing. She looks oddly to Davey, who is looking even more oddly to her.
5) 9) dialog: (embarrassing Davey) What's the matter now?
5) 14) dialog: (really aggravated) Oh, Davey, would you stop it?!
5) 16) dialog: (refusing to miss one more elevator) You're really being a jerk. She hurries to her elevator, just makes it. Davey follows her.
5) 18) dialog: (handing it back) Thanks, anyway. Davey, watches the doors close Kim in, then turns his gaz to the fire doors. cuT To
7) 0) text: Kim emerges from the elevator and stands in front of the glassed-off Data Point reception area, answering on her walkie-talkie.
7) 1) dialog: Yeah, Davey, what is it?
7) 3) dialog: I’m already up here. I'm waiting for you!
9) 0) text: Kim stands before the Receptionist, who hands her six videogame mailers.
9) 2) dialog: Uh, do you have a food machine here? Before the Receptionist can answer, Kim's radio crackles to life, Davey's Voice echoing over her shoulder.
9) 4) dialog: (embarrassed, to Receptionist) Excuse me. She walks aside, gets her radio out, talks to Davey. (X) KIM (x) I thought we were Maintaining radio silence.
9) 6) dialog: No! I'm busy. Stop bugging me.
12) 0) text: Kim stands waiting impatiently by the directory. Suddenly Davey bursts through the fire door on the run. Kim reache out and tries to grab him.
12) 1) dialog: Davey, where are you going?
12) 3) dialog: (staying put, cynical) I got Morris's Twinkies. You wanna carry them? Davey runs out into the middle of the lobby.
12) 5) dialog: Gawd, he's finally flipped. A building security Guard rushes up to Davey.
14) 0) text: A complex of affordable, common-wall condo housing, it is neat and attractive, but modest. A squad car pulls up. Lt. DioGuardia, Davey and Kim get out. DioGuardia tousles Kim's hair, and she runs off toward her own condo. The cop walks Davey to his.
25) 0) text: Kim lives in the same neighborhood as Davey does. She sit at the table, eating her breakfast cereal while her mothe Marilyn Gardener, does the dishes at the sink. Marilyn is an attractive, friendly woman in her midthirties. The walkie-talkie nearby suddenly comes to life, blaring Dave Voice into the room.
25) 5) dialog: Yeah, what?
25) 7) dialog: I don't want any more of your stupid assignments. Marilyn is relieved to hear that.
25) 9) dialog: Good! Ya got me in trouble yesterday. (pause, relenting) Now what?
25) 11) dialog: {not at all convinced) You mean the killers? Marilyn and Kim exchange amused, Pitying looks.
25) 13) dialog: (interrupting) What Donkey Kong thing?
25) 19) dialog: My mom says I have to go now.
25) 21) dialog: I'm eating breakfast. I'll call you back later.
25) 24) dialog: (mouth full) Usually. ...
25) 26) dialog: (after a swallow) Nah. He's the only boy in school who isn't boring. Marilyn looks pleased, recognizing something of herself i Kim's pronouncement.
25) 32) dialog: Forget it. He's not your type.
25) 34) dialog: He's in the Army or somethin’.
35) 0) text: Haverman holds Kim roughly, his big hand around her tiny mouth. She struggles just to breath, whimpers in fear. Opbst pushes the button on her walkie-talkie. Rice is now there, sitting comfortably on the couch, amidst the shamb of the living room.
36) 49) dialog: Boy, am I glad to see you!
37) 0) text: Davey and Kim tear down the steps, heading for a public bus, the killers runnifg after them. The kids leap aboard just as the bus doors flose. The three killers skid to a halt, watching the bug pull away. Rice pushes his companions toward their van, meanwhile digging the phony Donkey Kong tape out df his pocket. Quick, afte His thugs obey, while the label, which says: Mall, San Antonio. ie inspects the new tape. He reads Morris's Game Shop, Windsor Park
38) 0) text: Davey and Kim flash theif bus passes at the Driver and ta seats in the back. The bus heads toward downtown San Antonio. A few Passengers are scattered about.
38) 1) dialog: Thanks; Davey.
38) 3) dialog: You saved my life.
38) 11) dialog: nt you were dumb... because of alll that murder stuff. (sniffp) I never thought it could be real.
38) 13) dialog: (voice cracking) I'm really sorty, Davey. . Davey, gives..Kim's- hand alplatonic, tender pat... 06.
38) 15) dialog: (scared
38) 17) text: | (X) Rev. 8/3/83 CONTINUED - 2 i 40 i Kim and Davey duck down below the seat back. Davey gestures that they should move up a row. He leads the way. Once they are newly situated, he turns to Kim.
38) 29) text: He starts toward thé Driver. Kim grabs his arm.
38) 30) dialog: kill you if they catch No, they won't. Not as long as they He runs down the aisle skidding to a halt next to the bus Driver.
40) 0) text: Kim races from the side window of the bus where she has just watched the black van roaring away, catching a glimp of Davey as he dives down he steps to the river walk, Opbst a hair's breath behihd him.
50) 0) text: He walks past the games and models, deeper and deeper int the dimly lit store. It is disturbingly quiet. Then he hears a small girl weeping in the back room and moves int that direction. INT. BACK ROOM - DAY ‘87 He steps inside the room to find Kim seated on Morris' desk, her feet swinging off the floor, her eyes filled wi tears. Davey approaches her slowly.
50) 2) dialog: What happened to you?
50) 4) dialog: I don't know. But look.... She points to the video monitor on the desk. A bullet has punctured the center of the glass, sending a spiderweb of cracks out in concentric circles over the entire screen.
50) 8) dialog: Davey? Do you think they -- ?
50) 10) dialog: (crying anew) I think he's already dead...!
50) 13) dialog: What do we do now? (X)
50) 15) dialog: Okay... (pause) What are you gonna do?
50) 23) dialog: How?
69) 2) dialog: Mom?
69) 4) dialog: (upset) No. She hasn't come home yet. I don't know where she is. She had to cater somewhere, but I can't read her writing. It's ineligible.
69) 6) dialog: Davey, it's past my bedtime!
69) 11) dialog: Where are you?
69) 13) dialog: (practically in tears) How am I supposed to get to the airport?
91) 0) text: Kim is trying to raise Davey on her walkie-talkie. It doesn't work.
91) 1) dialog: Hello, Davey? (pause) Can you hear me? She gets nothing...not even static.
91) 2) dialog: Hello? She listens in her receiver, hears a strange “"beep-beep- beep" continuing faintly, relentlessly, with the precisio ef a clock. She screws up her face at the strange noise, considers the walkie-talkie broken.
91) 3) dialog: Cheap thing. She throws it back in her pack.
102) 0) text: Kim sits at the front of the near-empty bus, staring at t clock that ticks away on the dashboard. It reads 11:30, clicking over to 11:31 as she watches. (X)
111) 0) text: Kim's mother, Marilyn Gardener, sits in a chair, staring worriedly at a note in her hand. There is a knock at the
114) 0) text: Kim's bus pulls to a halt before the main terminal. Kim leaps out, racing for the doors. She passes underneath a huge wall clock as she disappears inside. It reads 11:45; fifteen minutes left till the bomb goes off.
118) 0) text: Kim fidgets impatiently while a Clerk behind the counter checks the computer for arrivals and departures. The Cler finally looks at her.
118) 2) dialog: Thanks <-- She whirls and runs down the terminal, headed for Concour
120) 0) text: Kim stands before a security Guard at the checkpoint prio to the main boarding terminal where all passengers must pass through the metal detector and have their hand lugga searched and X-rayed before they can board. She's deep into her effort to explain to the man what Davey told her
120) 1) dialog: (caught midsentence) -- but I'm telling you these two spies are leaving on the twelve o'clock flight to Mexico City --- (X)
120) 3) dialog: I know. They told me that at the check in counter, but you have to stop them from getting on the plane. You see, they have this Donkey Kong tape ---
120) 5) dialog: (beginning to lose patience) A Donkey Kong tape. You know, a game cartridge. Only it has these (%) stolen government plans in it ---
120) 7) dialog: I don't know. Kinda old. One of (x) them only has two fingers. Or maybe it's three. I forget. Look, would- you just stop the plane from boarding before they take off in it?
124) 0) text: Davey skids to a halt before the check in counter, lookin around wildly for a glimpse of Kim. She's nowhere in sight. He dashes for a public courtesy booth.
125) 0) text: Kim sits in a chair facing the Head of Airport Security, the Guard who brought her into the office standing behind her.
125) 2) dialog: (all patience gone) I told you, we got cut off. (X) (pause) - Look, all you gotta do is check their fingers. Jeesh. She hears the PA system blaring from outside.
125) 4) dialog: (rising out of chair) That's their flight ---
125) 6) dialog: But there isn't time --- The Guard behind her forces her gently back into her seat Kim looks at him like she'd like to kill him. The camera dollies in on the walkie-talkie poking out of her backpac the second hand on the overhead wall clock ticking away.
127) 1) dialog: (in midst of bureaucratic interview) Did they just call my name?
127) 3) dialog: I think they said 'Kim Gardener.' That's me...!
128) 34) dialog: Davey! He whirls, seeing her at the same time. They take off on the run for each other.
128) 39) text: y Rev. 7/29/83 Zz CONTINUED - £& 145 The guards skid to a halt, their hands raised just as Dav meets Kim in front of them. Before she can say anything, he rips her backpack off, Pa through it, and grabs the walkie-talkie. He looks around wildly for somewhere to get rid of the bomb. He sees a door behind the MacCreadys with a glowing "Exit" sign abo it. He vaults the inspection area stand and dashes for it George reaches out and snags Davey on the way, throwing a choke hold on the boy and using him as a body shield between himself and the guards, yelling at them as he hol the gun to Davey's head.
132) 11) dialog: (pointing through the window to the waiting plane) They've got Davey in there! Marilyn turns to stare at the 727 sitting out there on th tarmac, then walks back toward Hal as DioGuardia and the Security Chief leave him alone to go about business on th own.
141) 0) text: Marilyn, her daughter Kim, Lt. DioGuardia, all the cops a security guards stand with their noses pressed to the glass, staring at the huge jet just outside the first-flo window of the lounge. The plane suddenly shudders and lurches forward.
141) 1) dialog: (pointing excitedly) Look, it's moving! The jet leaps directly toward them, gaining speed at a frightening rate, tearing loose from the boarding ramp an throwing it aside. 157 158 159
141) 6) dialog: Davey --- Her mother leaps after her, dashing down the runway tryin to catch her daughter.
144) 27) text: we 163 CONTINUED - 3 163 And they stand like that, father and son tearfully embracing as the plane burns away in the b.g., Kim and Marilyn Gardener racing toward them in the f.g., the sound of fire engines and police cars tearing across the tarmac toward them, already renting the night air and somehow interrupting this very private, very personal moment between father and son.