3) 9) dialog: Yeah, but Flack had ingenuity and the contacts. That's better than bullets sometimes. (getting up and going to his desk) Don't feel bad, Kim. I haven't been able to beat him all summer. Davey gives a cocky shrug.
3) 11) dialog: Let's leave it there for now. I'll have to come up with something better to get you with. Anyway, I gotta work on the game. Davey looks hopefully to Kim to help him convince Morris keep playing.
3) 18) dialog: Hey, you guys, be careful with those. I just got 'em in.
3) 24) dialog: You guys want a real assignment?
3) 26) dialog: You two got bus passes?
3) 28) dialog: Go over to, ah...Data Point and pick me up some o' those video game mailers. Half-dozen. Morris hands the money to Davey, who looks a little disap pointed.
3) 30) dialog: (thinking, inventing) Okay. (leans closer, whispers) Infiltrate their eighth level...go to their vending machine.
3) 41) dialog: Yeah, just don't break 'em. Kim and Davey are delighted. They run out of the back roo CcuT TO
31) 0) text: Davey hurries down the concourse toward Morris's Game Sho
32) 0) text: Davey rushes in just as Morris finishes ringing up a sale The customer leaves as Davey approaches Morris.
32) 2) dialog: (heading for back room) Where're my Twinkies?
32) 7) dialog: (guessing) Ah, you made it to the seventeenth level of Cloak and Dagger...?
33) 0) text: Morris sits down at his computer, half-listening to Davey as he gears up for his millionth attempt to program a new video game of his own. Davey stands by his shoulder, hardly able to contain his excitement.
33) 2) dialog: (preoccupied) Oh, yeah?
33) 6) text: (X) Rev. 9/3/83 on 36 CONTINUED 36 Morris stares at Davey for a moment, a bit taken aback by the desperation in his young friend's voice. He picks up the tape and looks at it.
33) 7) dialog: What's this?
33) 9) dialog: Looks like a Cloak and Dagger tape.
33) 11) dialog: (curious) on Hmmm. Where'd you get this?
33) 13) dialog: So...what do you want me to do?
33) 15) dialog: All right, all right.... He unscrews the back and peers into the guts of the cartridge.
33) 19) dialog: Well, this microchip doesn't belong here.
33) 21) dialog: (pointing to a microchip) This. Whoever put this in knew what he was doing. (with admiration) Look at those connections...! (thinking) 4 It could be used to store + information... t (scrutinizing; mumbling) ..-dnput...output....
33) 23) dialog: (not recognizing the significance of Davey's question) Anything, really. Somebody went to a lot of trouble, though inten: ape ep mee, 05
33) 27) dialog: The question is how to get to it.... He snaps the back on and slips the cartridge into the Atari. He pushes the start button, and the game comes on. Same musical theme, same spy, same game. Morris absently starts to play the game. He is an absolute master, hardly looking at the screen as he puts the spy through his pace jelly blasting his way to higher and higher levels.
33) 29) dialog: What number?
33) 34) dialog: (playing, thinking) Hmmm, could be some kinda number (x) code.... (looks to Davey) Anything else?
33) 37) dialog: a AE citi es Re i oe Ra alana AS Bi PIAS > maeiciiobenn, to screen) That reminds me. I want those walkie-talkies back.
36) 59) text: 38 The kids race through a lbwer exit from the gorge before the two killers reach the\|bottom. The villains run to Rice, whose face appears lloody from the shot in the face He is just now snapping the back off the Donkey Kong cartridge. We see a stickbr on it: Morris's Game Shop.
37) 0) text: Davey and Kim tear down the steps, heading for a public bus, the killers runnifg after them. The kids leap aboard just as the bus doors flose. The three killers skid to a halt, watching the bug pull away. Rice pushes his companions toward their van, meanwhile digging the phony Donkey Kong tape out df his pocket. Quick, afte His thugs obey, while the label, which says: Mall, San Antonio. ie inspects the new tape. He reads Morris's Game Shop, Windsor Park
42) 0) text: Morris sits before the TV screen, still playing Donkey Kong, the repetitious music singsonging along with his every move on the joy stick. He now has this incredible score on the game, something like one million one hundred twenty-eight. The electric eye in the front of the store dings as a customer enters. Morris's eyes never lea the screen. He continues Playing.
42) 1) dialog: Be right with you.... He hits one million seven hundred thirty-seven and the (X game goes wild as on the screen his little man reaches th top of the cliff and throws Donkey Kong off the ledge and Saves the girl. "You've won! You've won!" flashes across the monitor. The suddenly the game stops. Donkey Kong is swept away and replaced by a new grid, blueprints for a new American jet prototype, the Stealth Bomber, which is undetectable by radar. Page after page of its innermost secrets flash across the screen.
42) 6) dialog: I said I'd be right there -~« He sees Rice. (X)
42) 7) dialog: What can I do for you? (X) Camera dollies in on Morris as his smile fades. In the (X reflection on the TV monitor behind Morris, Rice can be seen drawing a Luger with a silencer on it.
49) 0) text: Davey hurries down the concourse toward Morris' shop. He stops by the front door, momentarily confused by the sign "Out To Lunch", hanging there. He peers through the glass into the store. It's empty. He tries the handle. The front door swings open. He steps inside.
50) 0) text: He walks past the games and models, deeper and deeper int the dimly lit store. It is disturbingly quiet. Then he hears a small girl weeping in the back room and moves int that direction. INT. BACK ROOM - DAY ‘87 He steps inside the room to find Kim seated on Morris' desk, her feet swinging off the floor, her eyes filled wi tears. Davey approaches her slowly.
53) 0) text: Inside the bouncing trunk, Davey holds on for dear life. The car suddenly takes a sharp turn and Morris's dead bod rolls over on top of him, pinning him underneath, scaring him to death.
59) 0) text: He slams out of the car a of the car. He stares in body. id walks rapidly around to the back © the trunk at Morris's crumpled