13) 13) dialog: (calmly) Hello, Freddie.
13) 15) dialog: Not a soul. (indicating Davey) Except for this boy. Hello. The sound of police sirens pulling up outside the buildin can be heard. The Guard takes Davey by the shoulder.
21) 0) text: Two cars sit in the street opposite Davey's condo, a shin black van and a pearl white Cadillac, Inside the Cadillac, Rice can be seen replacing a car Phone. He gets out and walks back to the van. Opbst sits behind the wheel, Haverman next to him peering through a pair of binoculars. Rice stops opposite Opbst, nods at th condo.
21) 1) dialog: He's in there.
21) 4) dialog: We wait. He and Opbst continue to stare at the condo. Haverman resumes his surveillance with the binoculars.
35) 0) text: Haverman holds Kim roughly, his big hand around her tiny mouth. She struggles just to breath, whimpers in fear. Opbst pushes the button on her walkie-talkie. Rice is now there, sitting comfortably on the couch, amidst the shamb of the living room.
35) 16) dialog: (referring to radio) Give me that thing. I have an idea. INT. MORRIS'S GAME SHOP - DAY. Davey stands alone in the shop, trembling with fear. Flack materializes.
36) 0) text: Davey fishes the new Donkey Kong tape out of his Pocket a continues along a path beside a lovely sylvan lake at the bottom of a steep gorge.| He suddenly sees Rice ahead. Rice spots him at the same time, starts toward hin. Davey holds his hand up, palm Stop right the tid. “Gimme the tape. Davey definatly holds the Donkey Kong tape out over the water, ready to drop it i Rice takes another step.
36) 6) dialog: 
36) 15) dialog: Let's just bay I'm a kid at heart.
36) 17) dialog: Just put the tape 1 let her go.
36) 20) dialog: Okay. Anythi you say. He pulls a walkie-talkie] from his belt case and speaks i it.
36) 21) dialog: Let her go. High on the rim of the c nyon, Opbst releases Kim, watch: her scamper down the stone steps to the gorge below as ° puts his walkie-talkie ay. She has her backpack wi- her. Rice turns back t Davey. CONTINU” 38
36) 24) dialog: Okay. Yqur turn. Davey drops the tape at his feet and begins to back away. As Rice starts to pick up the tape, Flack gets nervous.
36) 59) text: 38 The kids race through a lbwer exit from the gorge before the two killers reach the\|bottom. The villains run to Rice, whose face appears lloody from the shot in the face He is just now snapping the back off the Donkey Kong cartridge. We see a stickbr on it: Morris's Game Shop.
37) 0) text: Davey and Kim tear down the steps, heading for a public bus, the killers runnifg after them. The kids leap aboard just as the bus doors flose. The three killers skid to a halt, watching the bug pull away. Rice pushes his companions toward their van, meanwhile digging the phony Donkey Kong tape out df his pocket. Quick, afte His thugs obey, while the label, which says: Mall, San Antonio. ie inspects the new tape. He reads Morris's Game Shop, Windsor Park
37) 1) dialog: ~, I'm, gonna, ch Kk something outs. ene Ln ae As the van screeches away, Rice heads for his Cadillac.
54) 0) text: Rice pulls up in the Cadillac, parks right behind the van Rice is visibly nervous, keeps checking his watch, paces around. Opbst gets out jof the van, walks over to Haverma as he gets out. They meget near the trunk of the Cadillac Down the street, the Alamo sits waiting, whitewashed and clean in the late afterndon sun. I make the dro Alamo) I never though saying, 'Reme the Russians'd be r the Alamo.’ Heh.
55) 1) dialog: (to Haverman) Forget it. You wait here. We got a date with some guy missing two fingers on his right hand.
56) 2) dialog: I don't Know. They don't want us to know.
56) 7) dialog: Just enough. He throws the camera case over his shoulder and starts do the street, followed by Opbst. Haverman turns toward the Caddy and gets in.
61) 0) text: Davey steps through the door and looks around. It isa huge rectangular adobe room, enormous candelabras hang fr the vaulted ceiling. Smaller rooms containing exhibits lead off to one side, security guards posted at both the main entrance and the side door to the gardens. Tourists Pack the place. Davey moves through the throng searching for a glimpse of Opbst and Rice. They're nowhere to be se A small knot of tourists dissolves at the far end of the room and Davey suddenly sees Rice. The killer checks his watch, hikes the camera bag over his shoulder, and begins to move. Davey is directly in his path. If he glances up, he must see the boy. Davey dives behind the first adult h sees, a woman he doesn't even recognize in his panic. Eunice MacCready, the nice lady from the boat, looks down at him curiously, her husband beside her pawing through t postcard rack.
61) 23) dialog: Hey! Davey darts across the Alamo, past the rather startled Mr. and Mrs. MacCready, heading for the front door. A security Guard steps out to grab him, but Davey dodges him, slamming through the front door, pursued by both the Guard, the MacCreadys, and Rice. 71 OMITTED thru 74
63) 0) text: Davey slides across| the seat and stares out the driver's side window as Eunice gets in beside him. He watches as the security Guard walks away, apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he's received. George continues to talk to Rice, the glder man gesturing animatedly, seeming very angry, the killer listening almost contritely, both men clutching theiy identical camera cases. Davey's eyes widen as the convezrsation suddenly ceases and the two exchange camera cages.
70) 3) dialog: I've already taken care of that. Puzzled looks from Opbst and Haverman. Rice pulls a triggering device out of his pocket. It is an everyday household item.
70) 10) dialog: (patronizingly) Not quite. Actually, it's a trigger -..for a clock...which sets off enough plastique to blow up half her neigh- borhood. Davey is stunned.
70) 12) dialog: (gestures with trigger) That's why I used the timer. I push this...and...our little friend will have a very short, very loud night- mare in... {checks watch;
71) 5) dialog: (looking around) He won't get far. Inside the car, Davey's eyes widen with fear. Behind him, seen through the car windows, the three killers start to spread out in their search. Davey locks the front doors and reaches for the ignition key.
72) 0) text: All three killers suddenly freeze as the Caddy engine lea to life. Rice raises his pistol, stares at the car.
72) 1) dialog: What the <-- ?
74) 1) dialog: Look out! All three dive for cover as the Caddy, apparently driver- less, roars at them and hits a post.
78) 0) text: The Caddy is nowhere in sight. Rice comes to a stop besid a shorn-off Cadillac mirror, picks it up, looks around th garage.
78) 5) dialog: That little bastard. (back to Haverman as he and Opbst catch up) Quick, get the van and follow us. Haverman turns back, as Rice and Opbst rush toward the ne ramp up, on foot.
81) 0) text: The car screeches away, leaving Rice and Opbst behind, firing at the car with their Pistols.
86) 9) dialog: Hey! Davey darts across the Alamo, past the rather startled Mr. and Mrs. MacCready, heading for the front door. A security Guard steps out to grab him, but Davey dodges him, slamming through the front door, pursued by both the Guard, the MacCreadys, and Rice. 71 OMITTED thru 74
88) 0) text: Davey slides across} the seat and stares out the driver's side window as Eunite gets in beside him. He watches as the security Guard walks away, apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he's received. George continues to talk to Rice, the dider man gesturing animatedly, seeming very angry, the killer listening almost contritely, both men clutching theiy identical camera cases. Davey's eyes widen as the conversation suddenly ceases and the two exchange camera ca
92) 0) text: Rice and Opbst reach the Cadillac, just as the black van whips out of the garage behind them. Opbst tears open the door, his gun ready, and looks insid He turns back to Rice.
92) 2) dialog: We'll search on foot. He can’t have gotten far.
103) 14) dialog: Give me the ma¢hine gun. Opbst tosses him the Schmeizer. Rice snags it out of the
103) 15) dialog: I'll take this| side. You take the other. Opbst draws his Luger wilth the silencer on it, clears th chamber, and slowly begijns to walk down the path, his ey probing every shadow fof Davey. cuT To
104) 0) text: Davey hurries across the bridge, freezing midway. From hi point of view, he sees Rice and Opbst stopping, searching the shadows and moving on, then suddenly Rice spots Davey
104) 1) dialog: There he is! Davey turns and runs, the killers following.
108) 0) text: Opbst pads along silently, his gaze probing every nook an cranny, every shadow along the walk. Davey crouches in the darkness of the tunnel. He stares into the darkness as the spy passes. Nearby, a rat chirps and scurries out from near Davey. Opbst shoots him. Then there is silence again. But Davey now looks around for ether rats that might be surrounding him. He turns and looks along the path. There, glimpsed for a moment in a splash of moonlight is Rice. Davey takes a deep breath, gulps, and suddenly jumps up shouting and waving his hands.
108) 2) text: Rice's gaze is torn from the path directly ahead of him, toward the boy in the tunnel. All he sees is the kid jump around, mocking him, laughing at him. He whips the Schmei machine gun up and fires, stitching a line of bullets alo the walk behind the boy, slowly catching up to him as Dav breaks into a run, dashing through the tunnel after Opbst
110) 0) text: Davey skids to a sudden halt, facing a blank concrete wal twenty feet high. He's reached a dead end. He whirls, looking to his left: nothing there but more high wall. He glances to his right: nothing there but the river. He stares back the way he's just come. He can hear Rice's footsteps pounding toward him out of the darkness. He's trapped with nowhere left to run.
110) 5) dialog: (mocking him) Sure you will. Red ink. (X) (raising his machine: gun) Only this one shoots real bullets.
110) 7) dialog: (holding up the machine gun) Neither is this. (X) Rice twirls the machine gun with a display of gunhandling virtuosity. It ends up in firing position. oe RICE (Xx) If I wanted, I could turn you into shredded meat-in five seconds with this baby. But you've been a real pain in the ass. So i'm not gonna be that nice. You know what I'm going to do to you, boy? Mesmerized by the evil in the man's tone, Davey can only shake his head as he backs away.
110) 8) dialog: I'm going to blow both your knee= caps off. It won't kill you, but it'll hurt worse than any dying you can imagine. Then you know what I'm gonna do?
110) 13) dialog: I'm gonna shoot you in the stomach. Then when you beg me to finish the job, I won't. I'm just gonna watch and enjoy mysell as you die. Davey bumps to a halt, his back against the wall, no furt to go, no place to run or hide, trapped. He holds the Lug up, pointing it directly at Rice's face. FLACK (x) Shoot! Pull the trigger...!
110) 15) dialog: Sure, you don't. But I want to shoot you. He lifts the gun and aims at Davey, beginning to squeeze the trigger. The boy stares at him, unable to find the will to fire his own gun.
110) 17) text: Davey sees Flack suddenly run along the wall, angling toward Rice, whipping off his spy hat with the bullet- proof shield, holding it in Rice's direction.