9) 0) text: YOUNG MIN SOO and YOUNG DAE HYN, nervous and afraid, pres their paperwork to the CUSTOMS AGENT.
29) 0) text: A bell chimes as they enter. It’s small and crammed with of metal shelves and products. Dae, DAE HYUN, 50s, is bus ringing up a customer at the register.
29) 27) dialog: (in Korean) What are you doing?
29) 30) dialog: (to Charlie) I thought you didn’t understand Korean. Charlie shrugs.
29) 32) dialog: (in Korean) Is that why you failed out of school? You only get by? Charlie’s smile lessens. Embarrassment showing.
29) 34) dialog: You want something before you leave? He clasps his hands, half-bends at the waist like he usua does for his customers.
29) 36) dialog: Yes. Yes. You’re a friend of Daniel’s. Take anything you want. He pats at his pockets until he finds his glasses and pee at the bottles on the shelf.
29) 37) dialog: Not this aisle. Come with me. Natasha and Daniel follow him helplessly while Charlie snickers. Dae finds what he’s looking for one aisle over.
29) 38) dialog: Here. A relaxer for your hair. To make your hair not so big. He pulls a tub from a shelf and hands it to her. Charlie laughs long and loud.
29) 42) dialog: Your hair’s too big.
39) 14) dialog: (in Korean) What’s going on here? Their father eyes Daniel’s disheveled clothes and busted
39) 15) dialog: Get some ice for your lip. He turns to Charlie.
39) 16) dialog: You hit your little brother? That's what you learn from America? To hit your family? Daniel gets up and goes to the--
40) 1) dialog: Daniel, come out here now. Daniel puts the can back in the fridge and tucks his shir in. He opens the door. His father is right there.
40) 2) dialog: I don’t care what your brother says. The only thing that matters is you go to school, you become a doctor, you be successful. You find a nice girl and have children and you have the American Dream. You don’t throw your future away for temporary things you only want right now.
40) 4) dialog: Doesn’t matter what you want. If you don’t go to Yale and become a doctor, then you’re on your own. A standoff. They hold eye contact. Neither budging. Finally Daniel grabs his crumpled suit jacket, throws it and marches out the door. Busted lip and all.