14) 2) dialog: I thought you were going to wait until right before the meeting to put the stick up your ass.
14) 4) dialog: You look like a Lebanese insurance salesman. 14.
14) 6) dialog: That's what I’m doing. Easing your impending sense of doom with the use of comedy. It’s a known tactic.
14) 8) dialog: You could just be like me and not go. How about that?
14) 10) dialog: You’re supposed to wear black to a funeral by the way. Not gray. Daniel playfully hits Omar and they descend into the subw
16) 0) text: Daniel and Omar sit in the congested subway car. Daniel l at his reflection in the shiny metal subway door. Turns s can see his ponytail.
16) 1) dialog: You should just let me cut your hair. I brought my pocket knife.
16) 3) dialog: Your mom’s right, you gotta lose the man bun. You don’t want to be a virgin forever.
16) 5) dialog: Or at least a desperate attempt at cool. The train COMES TO A SCREECHING HALT. The friends, along the other PASSENGERS, wait patiently for a beat. THEN, a super CHIPPER VOICE over the loudspeaker...
16) 10) dialog: I knew we should’ve taken the express.
16) 14) dialog: This guy needs a drug test. The Conductor goes quiet. After a few more seconds in the dark, the train finally pulls into Grand Central.
17) 0) text: Daniel and Omar emerge from the train to find themselves the main concourse of Grand Central Station.
17) 2) dialog: ‘Bout an hour. Why? Daniel looks to the walkways situated behind on the massi windows overlooking the terminal.
18) 0) text: Daniel and Omar chill behind the oversized windows of the main terminal, overlooking the bustling crowd below. All Grand Central’s architectural glory in perfect view. 19.
18) 2) dialog: The American Dream.
18) 4) dialog: If losing means you're rich, sign me up.
18) 8) dialog: Notice what? Off Daniel’s look, Omar joins him on the ground, eyes up. majesty of the mural is on full display. Several constellations are recognizable.
18) 10) dialog: Oh, see now, you’re just making stuff up. We’ve passed this thing a million times. 20.
18) 12) dialog: Yep. “You’re losing it, bro.”
18) 14) dialog: Okay, then let’s suppose this conductor was right...the universe is talking. What’s it saying? Daniel sits up, looking out into the main terminal. Peopl shuffle back through the concourse. He looks around, eyei everything in sight...nothing. A train pulls in.
18) 16) dialog: Go figure. Daniel plops down on the ground, then... He spots HER in crowd. A young, Black woman with an enormous, curly AFRO almost-as-enormous PINK HEADPHONES. It’s Natasha. Her eyes are closed as she sways to her music, in complet bliss. Omar notices Daniel’s gaze and shakes his head.
18) 17) dialog: Now what? (looking out) It’s just a cute girl, Daniel. Relax. (double take) Okay, she’s real cute. Natasha walks underneath them, moving her backpack to one shoulder REVEALING the back of her jacket. It reads: CARP DIEM. Daniel’s completely struck.
18) 19) dialog: Carpé wha--
19) 1) dialog: This is stalker-ish, you know.
19) 4) dialog: Okay. Definitely ironic. I'll give you that... And she is cute...
19) 6) dialog: Hopefully not to jail. But if it does, don’t call me.
21) 1) dialog: Why didn’t you just get her number in the record store?
21) 3) dialog: I think that’s clearly a sign, don’t you? 26.
21) 5) dialog: And following her like a serial killer is going to reignite that?
21) 8) dialog: Well, then whatever you do, don’t -- Daniel hangs up in a panic. Strains, deciding whether to or say something as he approaches. Daniel takes a deep breath. He’s about to veer off when-- A WHITE BMW flies down the avenue. The light turns red ag and Natasha STEPS OFF THE CURB, not paying attention. SHE’S ABOUT TO GET HIT when Daniel YANKS her backwards by arm. They fall backwards onto the sidewalk. Natasha lands half on top of Daniel as her phone and headphones CRASH AGAINST THE PAVEMENT. She looks down at spider webs cracking across her phone’s screen.
47) 0) text: Daniel sits at an empty booth. Omar sees him and walks ov looks him up and down.
47) 1) dialog: Dude, what the hell happened to you? Did you get robbed?
47) 3) dialog: Oooh! Finally! That dick’s had it coming for a good ten years... (a beat) How'd your interview go?
47) 5) dialog: Are you insane?
47) 7) dialog: You’re such a drama queen. It’s just a girl, man. There’s other girls.
47) 9) dialog: So Facebook her.
47) 11) dialog: So? If it’s in the stars, nothing can stop it. Even your clumsy, no- game-having ass, can’t fuck up this good thing if it really was sent down from Zeus or whoever.
47) 13) dialog: No, but you can retrace your steps. Or, better yet, Do you know where she might be headed? Daniel thinks. Then jumps up from the booth and runs out.
76) 0) text: Daniel runs in, throws on his waiter apron and gets ready his shift. Nods to Omar who’s taking a dish out into the dining room. In his bag, his phone rings. A Facetime requ from Tasha that goes unanswered.