7) 41) dialog: What’s Priscilla going to say, Bobby? That’s what you gotta ask yourself.
7) 45) dialog: He sure won't be if he turns up in a Rolls Royce.
7) 47) dialog: You think Priscilla won't know where it came from? Even Bobby's gonna find it hard talking that one away. “Hi, honey, this guy on the corner just gave me a Silver Shadow...” Think that'll cut it?
7) 49) dialog: Herb, Bobby doesn’t gamble anymore.
63) 0) text: Bobby, Lornie and Larry sit in the only pool of light in vast, empty dining hall. At the table is a half-finished meal, a bottle of Scotch and beside him, a cart with a telephone on it. Ignored, Larry is watching Bobby obsessively play patienc Eventually, Larry gets up.
74) 0) text: Billie Jean on court, putting herself through a punishing work-out of kangaroo jumps, press-ups and sit-ups. EXT. BETTY GRABLE’S HOUSE. TENNIS COURT. LA. DAY. 111 An empty tennis court. Lornie and Larry Riggs stand there waiting. He hits a few desultory balls across the net. We follow him out of the court, down the steps to the pool. EXT. BETTY GRABLE’S HOUSE. POOL. LA. DAY. 111A A couple of women float in the pool. Poolside, an entoura of Angelenos are drinking cocktails. Bobby is on a lounge cigar in hand, holding court. Larry Riggs passes them all, stands in front of his Dad.
79) 0) text: Lornie calls out to Bobby in the backyard.
79) 1) dialog: Bobby, Channel Seven! Bobby comes in from the backyard.
86) 0) text: Rheo, Lornie and Bobby’s Entourage heading out at speed. Bobby is gulping down handfuls of Rheo’s pills.
89) 30) dialog: out. He hustles the Sugar Daddy Guy and the Girls out the door Goes back to Bobby.
89) 31) dialog: You okay?
89) 33) dialog: One match at a time, Bobby, one match at a time.
101) 1) dialog: Take the damned jacket off.
101) 3) dialog: I don’t give a damn. Get it off. Bobby takes the jacket off. Billie Jean stares at him. She knows now how to deal with him. Billie Jean sends over shots that make Bobby run from one side of the court to the other. It’s merciless. He’s dyin The Umpire calls game after game. She serves and volleys, powers balls past his increasingl tired legs.