1) 0) text: Wide on the house, revealing that it is IDENTICAL to the miniature that we saw in the workshop. The surrounding landscape is blanketed with SNOW. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 2. Steve exits a back door to approach a very large TREEHOUS It is joined to a sturdy oak and hovers fifteen feet abov the ground. We are subtly BOOMING DOWN from this wide vie (as Steve begins to climb the tree) to arrive at a parked - one of two family cars - in the foreground. Sitting in the passenger seat is a bereaved woman (45). S wears all black, and is beautiful in a worn way. This is ANNIE GRAHAM, and she looks emotionally exhausted. She wears a delicate NECKLACE bearing an ORNATE SIGIL, wh she compulsively fingers.
3) 0) text: A moderately attended FUNERAL. (A large group of MEN AND WOMEN observe from the back.) Before the altar, an OPEN CASKET rests beside a blown up photo of the deceased ELLEN LEIGH, Annie’s 75 year old mother. Annie, Steve, Charlie (now wearing an oversized black dre over her pajama bottoms) and Peter sit in the first row o chairs. They listen as a LARGE WOMAN (60s) speaks in remembrance of Ellen.
3) 5) dialog: I just wanna say first...it’s very heartening to see so many strange new faces here today. I know my mom would be very touched (and probably a little suspicious) if she could see this turn-out, so... Annie looks down to now read from a heavily edited loose- page. This is her eulogy. (Not used to reading in public, rarely looks up from the paper.)
3) 6) dialog: My mother was an intensely secretive and private woman. She had private rituals, private friends, private anxieties... It honestly feels like a betrayal just to be standing here talking about her... Annie pauses. She looks at the paragraph. It’s very long, begins with the sentence “My mother was a chameleon." She decides to skip ahead to the next paragraph.
3) 7) dialog: She was a very difficult woman to read. If you ever thought you knew what was going on with her - and God forbid you tried to confront that.../ (stops...pauses...skips ahead) ...But when her life was unpolluted, she could easily be the sweetest, warmest, most loving person in the world... Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 4. Charlie is DRAWING a weepy caricature of Annie at the platform. Steve watches this in the corner of his eye.
3) 8) dialog: (pauses, skips again to the next paragraph) .-.-She was also incredibly stubborn. Which maybe explains me. Scattered, knowing laughter.
3) 9) dialog: You could always count on her to always have the answer.... She stops short, eyes on the paper. The sentence would continue “and if she ever WAS mistaken - well, that was Y opinion and you were WRONG.” Suddenly remorseful, Annie (off-book) asserts:
3) 10) dialog: I did love her. Charlie is still drawing. Steve closes the notepad. He po to Annie: “Listen to your mother." Charlie grudgingly obliges.
3) 11) dialog: She was especially strong about food. When I was a girl and I had to eat my veggies...
4) 0) text: Steve is at the wheel, driving back home. Annie sits passenger, and Peter and Charlie sit in the back. They dr past a gathering of DEER.
4) 1) dialog: (to Steve) How did you keep from screaming during Judy’s speech?
4) 3) dialog: (to Steve) How about that bird flying in?
4) 5) dialog: That was too weird. The timing? It felt like it was my mom. Steve nods, betraying a look of CONCERN. Annie self- consciously backtracks:
4) 6) dialog: Not actually, obviously. Just - it struck me. Annie notices Charlie eating the chocolate bar.
4) 7) dialog: Hey! Are there nuts in that?
4) 9) dialog: Better not be. Annie returns her attention to the road. Steve lovingly t her hand. She smiles at him. Charlie, irritated, looks very tense.
6) 0) text: Annie is at her work desk. It’s a mess of paints, props, pieces, etc. She wears magnifying eye-glasses as she carefully paints eyes onto a SMALL DOCTOR FIGURINE for a MINIATURE HOSPICE. A figurine of an old woman - presumabl Annie’s mother - lies in a miniature hospital bed. Steve enters, disrupting Annie’s focus.
6) 2) dialog: Just working. Steve casually rests a glass of water and a PILL on the table. She downs it without question.
6) 4) dialog: Between that and the pre-school. There is a half-finished MINIATURE PRE-SCHOOL in the corn
6) 6) dialog: Six and a half.
6) 9) dialog: This is the photo they wanna use. Ooh, I love that one.
6) 10) dialog: The gallery owner keeps suggesting Your Life in Miniature for the title.
6) 13) dialog: It’s horrible!
6) 15) dialog: A lot trite! Are you kidding? She won't stop suggesting it! Steve looks to a stack of LARGE MOVING BOXES in the corne They're marked “Mom’s Things” in Annie’s handwriting. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 8.
6) 17) dialog: ...-Yeah. Maybe not just yet. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 8 Peter sits up in bed, holding a guitar. He improvises a clunky tune as a muted TV plays cartoons. His eyes are on TV. The door cracks open and Steve pokes his head in.
6) 26) dialog: ‘Night sweetheart.
6) 28) dialog: (pause) Thank you. I’m sorry about your grandma.
6) 30) dialog: That’s grandma?
6) 32) dialog: You know you were her favorite?
6) 34) dialog: (pouncing) Oh yes you absolutely were! Even when you were a little baby, she wouldn't let me feed you because she needed to feed you. It drove me crazy.
6) 36) dialog: How do you feel about that? Charlie shrugs. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 10.
6) 37) dialog: You know I was a tomboy growing up? I hated dresses and dolls and pink. Charlie’s heard this before. She has tensed up.
6) 39) dialog: (mock offended) Ummm, excuse me? You don’t think I’m gonna take care of you?!
6) 41) dialog: ..+.-Then dad will take care of you. Or Peter. Charlie’s head remains turned. Discouraged, Annie turns b the page of the drawing pad. She now sees the caricature her, crying at the pulpit.
6) 42) dialog: Who's this one? No answer. Annie takes it personally, but pretends not to She closes the book with a smile.
6) 43) dialog: You never even cried as a baby - you know that? Not even when you were born. Charlie ignores this.
6) 44) dialog: Did you feel like you wanted to cry today? Without looking at Annie, Charlie shrugs a tense “I don’t know.”
6) 45) dialog: Do you think that might feel like a relief? Charlie remains miles away. Annie looks up to notice that a difficult-to-read WORD (l like “Satony”) has been CARVED into the wall behind Charl bed. Annie pauses, lets it go, and then bends down to KIS Charlie’s forehead. 10 11 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 11.
6) 46) dialog: Goodnight, sweetie.
7) 0) text: Annie enters. Outside the window: peaceful snowfall. Annie hesitates before walking over to the box labeled “M Things." She reluctantly opens it... The box is filled with bottled oils and herbs. At the top the box is a PHOTO ALBUM titled “Memories.” Annie opens i sift through photos of her mother. She lays the album bac into the box, and then notices a stack of worn HARDBACKS. pulls one out. “NOTES ON SPIRITUALISM.” This calls back unwelcome memories. Annie dumps the book into the box, and PUSHES the box away. Annie walks to the door and flips off the light, leaving room in darkness (save for the moonlight). She’s about to leave, but something makes her FREEZE. Standing motionless in a dark corner (almost too dark to out) is ANNIE’S MOTHER, ELLEN - wearing the same outfit a the funeral. She’s staring at Annie. SMILING. Annie, nearly paralyzed with fear, reaches for the light switch. Without looking away, she turns the light back ON Her mother is gone. Annie remains motionless.
7) 1) dialog: (a whisper) Mom? Annie's eyes are now drawn to... A dusty older MINIATURE in the corner. It's a replica of Annie's bedroom. A figurine of Annie (in her early thirti BREASTFEEDS a baby. Standing beside her is a figurine of OLDER WOMAN (Annie’s mother) holding her naked BREAST out her nightgown. She leans over, offering it to the baby. Competing with Annie. Troubled by this, Annie walks briskly to the miniature an TURNS it away. It’s now facing the wall as Annie returns the door, flicks off the light, and leaves. INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - MINUTES LATER 11 Annie climbs into bed with Steve.
7) 2) dialog: I just scared myself in the workshop. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 12.
7) 5) dialog: Goodnight. Annie turns off the bedside lamp and gives Steve a blunt kiss.
10) 8) dialog: Hi! Annie steps out into the hall and walks past the doorway. moment later, we hear her footsteps FREEZE. She soon retu into view, now looking very unsettled. She stares past us into the room... 18 19 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 17. ANNIE’S POV: The room is mostly EMPTY, save for the bed (stripped of sheets), a bookshelf, and various FRAMED PHO featuring members of the family. One photo: a portrait of Annie and her mother, standing side by side. There is als LARGE TRIANGLE (pointed northwest) that has been CARVED violently into the floorboards. Annie doesn’t react to the triangle. It was clearly alrea there. Annie leaves.
11) 0) text: Steve sits on the couch, having just turned on the news. still wearing his coat. Annie enters.
11) 1) dialog: Were you in my mom’s room?
11) 3) dialog: The door was open. Steve makes a “hmm” face. The front door is heard opening, and Annie goes to the FO where Peter and Charlie are entering.
11) 4) dialog: Hey guys. How was school?
11) 6) dialog: Did either of you go into Grandma's room recently? They both squint. “Why would we go in there?”
12) 0) text: Steve is at Annie’s Mother’s door. He LOCKS IT (by key) f the outside.
12) 1) dialog: Sorry. I know it’s irrational. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 18.
12) 3) dialog: Thank you. She kisses Steve, feeling dopey. Peter walks up to them, holding the PHONE.
12) 5) dialog: About what?
12) 9) dialog: What was it? Nothing. Just billing crap. Annie looks skeptical. Steve notices Annie’s COAT. He gives her an inquiring loo
12) 10) dialog: I’m gonna go see a movie. 20 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 19.
12) 12) dialog: I think I just need to get out of the house for a second.
12) 14) dialog: (hesitates) I think I might just need like an hour to myself. I’m really tense.
12) 16) dialog: Do you know where Charlie is?
12) 19) dialog: It’s below 30 outside! So let her catch a cold. Maybe she needs one.
13) 0) text: Charlie sits in her treehouse. She lays the severed pigeo head into her SHOEBOX. Inside this box are three other SEVERED ANIMAL HEADS. One belongs to a rabbit, one to a r one to a squirrel. (The heads are in different stages of decomposition; flies buzz about.) Down below, Annie is heard:
13) 1) dialog: Charlie? Charlie shuts the box, SHOVES it into a corner, and peers down to see ANNIE at the tree’s base.
13) 2) dialog: Come on, sweetie. It’s freezing out here. No response from Charlie. Annie doesn’t push it. ced 21 22 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 20.
13) 3) dialog: Okay, well, I’m running out for a sec. Is there anything I can bring you back?
14) 0) text: Annie idles into the parking lot of a Catholic high schoo She parks, turns off the engine, and sits in silence for moment. Bracing herself.
15) 0) text: A SUPPORT GROUP held in the high school’s gymnasium. A si on an easel reads “LOSING A LOVED ONE, Grief Recovery." T session hasn’t yet started. Twenty empty chairs form a CI in the space’s center. Mourners of varying affect are scattered about, mingling. Annie ENTERS, very ill-at-ease.
15) 8) dialog: ...-Maybe not.
15) 10) dialog: My name’s Annie.
15) 12) dialog: My mom died a week ago, so I’m just here for - trying it. I have a lot of resistance to things like this, but I went to these a couple years ago - I was pressured to come - but it did help, so... (long pause) My mom was old and she wasn’t all together at the end - and we were pretty much estranged before that - so it wasn’t a huge blow. But I did love her. And she didn’t have an easy life... She had D.I.D., which became extreme in the last year, and dementia...! My dad died of starvation when I was a baby. He had psychotic depression and he starved himself. Which I’m sure was as pleasant as it sounds. And then my older brother - he was schizophrenic - and when he was sixteen, he hanged himself in my mom’s bedroom. (MORE )
15) 14) dialog: Of course his suicide note blamed her. Accusing her of putting people inside of him. (throws hands up) So that was my mom’s life! Annie looks to the group. They allow her time to continue She reluctantly proceeds.
15) 15) dialog: .--She finally lived in our house at the end. Before hospice. We weren’t talking before that -- or we were and then we weren’t and then we were - she was completely manipulative - until finally my husband enforced a No Contact rule, which lasted until I was pregnant with my daughter. I didn't let her near me when I had my first - my son - which is why I gave her my daughter, who she immediately stabbed her hooks into. And of course I felt guilty again when she got sick... Not that she was even my mom at the end. And not that she ever felt guilty. About anything. Annie has worked herself up. A charged pause as she calms back down.
15) 16) dialog: And I don’t wanna put any more stress on my family. Not even sure if they could give me that support. She gets stuck here. Tears begin to well. She struggles t squeeze out the following:
15) 17) dialog: It just all sometimes feels ruined. And then I realize I'm to blame. Or not that I'm to blame, but that I'm...blamed. Beat.
15) 19) dialog: I apparently acted a certain way - according to them - I did things, in my sleep, a couple years ago. Or almost did them... 23 24 25 26 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 23. Annie looks like she’s going to continue, but then she abruptly cuts herself off. That’s it. We reveal the mystified GROUP. They struggle to remain sympathetic, despite their confusion.
15) 20) dialog: So anyway. Everything's disappointing. So here I am. She forces a laugh, but also cries a bit. She wipes away tears and makes an embarrassed “bah” face. She then motio to the group: “Who’s next?”
16) 0) text: At the end of the hall, a very depleted Annie has just finished scaling the stairs. In the f.g., Peter’s door eases shut. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 24 Peter's laptop is open. The browser displays BRIDGET’S FACEBOOK PAGE. (Peter has been going through her photos.) Behind that, another page displays “POPULAR CAREER INTERESTS.” Peter walks from the door (which he just closed) to his d He grabs a small water pipe, packed with marijuana, and w to the window. As Peter takes a hit from his pipe, his smartphone vibrat with a TEXT. He checks it. From “Brendan”: Holy shit. Huge party tomorrow at Aaron’s house. Bring your dick!
18) 0) text: Annie is preparing dinner. Her smartphone DINGS with an INCOMING EMAIL. It’s from The Asher Gallery. She opens it reads: Hi Annie! Don't want to bother you, but we’d love to see where we a (progress-wise). Could you possibly send us pics of your work in its current stage? I promise we won't judge!! ;) Annie looks suddenly overwhelmed.
19) 0) text: The vast WOODED AREA behind the Graham house. It is still snowing. Charlie, wearing regular shoes and no coat (and still dre in her pajamas), takes wide steps as she slogs through th snow. She gazes listlessly ahead, as if in a TRANCE. She's bein drawn toward something. Like she’s sleepwalking with open eyes. Max, the family dog, follows happily behind. A FIRE is he crackling in the distance. Is this what she’s walking tow We cut to an EXTREME HIGH ANGLE - almost bird's eye. This reveals that Charlie seems to be following a FRESH PATH O FOOTPRINTS (source unknown) leading off-screen. INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - SAME TIME 29 Annie is now WORKING INTENSELY on one of her miniatures. looks very anxious. Peter appears at the door.
19) 3) dialog: Why? Where are you going?
19) 5) dialog: Does that mean you’re not having dinner with us?
19) 7) dialog: Well - you can eat there if you_want. I just didn’t No, I'll eat here. I'd just realize. be going there to hang out. Annie pauses. Her mind is not quite on this right now. Sh takes a moment (pulling herself from her work) to assess questions that need to be asked.
19) 8) dialog: No drinking?
19) 10) dialog: Well, that’s a crock. I’m just asking if you’re drinking.
19) 12) dialog: .».-You gonna take your sister?
19) 14) dialog: (mimicking his tone) Uh - have you asked her?
21) 2) dialog: What? Yes she is.
22) 1) dialog: 
22) 3) dialog: What are you doing?! It’s below freezing out here! Annie arrives at Charlie, not seeing the distant torches. seizes Charlie’s arm and starts leading her back to the house.
22) 4) dialog: Are you an idiot? You can’t just roam around - no coat, no boots! Charlie YANKS her arm away from Annie.
22) 5) dialog: Oh - what? You’re angry with me? Annie GRABS Charlie’s arm and PULLS her back toward the h
22) 7) dialog: Yeah. That makes one of us.
23) 0) text: Annie and Charlie return. Annie aggressively stamps the s off her boots.
23) 1) dialog: You're going to this party with your brother.
23) 3) dialog: (trying to be softer) A school hang-out with other kids.
23) 5) dialog: No, it’s not okay. You’re going.
23) 7) dialog: Because it’ll be fun. You can hang out.
23) 8) dialog: With who? With your brother! With other kids! Peter has stepped into the hall. He nods, as if to say “y come along,” but his eyes are very uninviting.
23) 10) dialog: Great. You’re going. (to Peter) She's going with you.
23) 12) dialog: And that really means no drinking.
31) 0) text: Charlie walks around, holding an empty plate, her lips covered in chocolate. She stops for a moment to SWALLOW. pauses, then swallows again. She looks slightly concerned Charlie goes to a stack of RED CUPS and pulls one. She goes to the kitchen faucet and draws herself a cup of water. INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - NIGHT 42 Annie is working on the miniature of the Graham house. Sh plants a freshly-painted FIGURINE of a ghostly old woman bathrobe (clearly Annie’s MOTHER) in the upstairs hall. T figurine looms outside the open door of the master bedroo replica, where figurines of Annie and Steve are asleep in bed.
37) 0) text: Peter stalks woodenly through the hall. He walks into his bedroom, leaving Annie and Steve to their sleep. Peter climbs into bed, his door left open.
38) 0) text: The next morning. CLOSE-UP on Peter’s face, turned halfway into his pillow. eyes are wide open. Downstairs, we hear Annie pulling on her coat.
38) 1) dialog: I’m running out for some balsa wood. You want anything?
38) 3) dialog: Okay! Back in twenty! The front door is heard opening and shutting. We then hea Annie walking to the car... The car door opening... Annie beginning to climb in. And then... Silence. Followed by.. A horrible SCREAM, shrill and almost inhuman-sounding, is from outside. Peter’s eyes WIDEN. 50 51 52 37. Annie is heard staggering backwards and falling down, muttering (almost inaudibly) “No, no, no, no..." Downstai (in the house) Steve is heard reacting and running to the front door. Before he makes it outside, Annie lets out another blood-curdling SHRIEK, which prompts a HARD CUT T
40) 0) text: A STORM rages outside. Annie and Steve’s bedroom door is cracked open. We barely ANNIE lying in bed, WEEPING and MOANING. Steve, sitting o the bed, consoles her. He tries to feed her a pill.
40) 1) dialog: NO! I can't! I can't! I just wanna die!... I can't. Steve rubs her head as she sinks into a more placid despa
40) 2) dialog: .--It hurts too much. I just need to die. And then more feelings come SURGING up. She MOANS an anguished moan. We reveal PETER, standing paralyzed on the stairs, LISTEN His mother’s cries shred at his nerves.
40) 3) dialog: 
41) 0) text: An overcast day. A sad gathering of mourners. Annie, Pete and Steve stand lost among them. We are at a distance. The COFFIN (in profile) is being lowered into the ground. We are booming down to FOLLOW th sinking casket (keeping it centered), and as the coffin descends into the earth, so do we. We slowly creep down, losing sight of the cemetery and the mourners. We continu tracking down along the DIRT and the EARTHWORMS and the WEEDS, Sinking deeper and deeper into the dark, wet soil. Soon we are swallowed up again in BLACK. 53 54 55 56 38.
42) 0) text: THE WAKE. Everything seems slightly opaque, as if seen through glass. Glossed over by grief. People stand uneasily and talk in hushed tones. STEVE stands in a daze, politely (but absently) accepting condolences. INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 54 Annie lies in bed, facing the wall. Her back is tous.
47) 2) dialog: Hi sweetheart, it’s mom. Just calling to make sure that you and Charlie are okay and having a good time at the BBQ. All right. Have lots of fun and be safe. Love you both! Click.
49) 0) text: Peter climbs in. He lays out his blanket and lies down, positioning his pillow under his head. Now situated, he begins to close his eyes, but before they can shut, he SE something behind him. He slowly look back to SEE: ANNIE IS SLEEPING IN THE CORNER, bundled up in blankets. Startled, Peter STAGGERS out of his blanket, GRABS his things, and rushes frantically out of the treehouse. In h haste, his foot SLIPS OFF one of the wet climbing handles falls to land HARD on his back. In pain, Peter rises and limps back toward the house. WE SLOWLY DISSOLVE FROM THIS TO...
51) 0) text: Annie draws the MAIL out of the mailbox. Among the letter a BROCHURE. It reads “Calling All Skeptics!" Below that: PUBLIC SEANCE to be conducted by famed spiritual medium, Suzanne Marlowe!” Annie goes PALE at the sight of this. She looks around, suddenly paranoid - as if nervous that she’s being watche
52) 0) text: Annie is at work, trying to make progress on the HOSPICE MINIATURE. Her eyes are numb. She looks exhausted. She tu in her swivel-chair to face the miniature of the GRAHAM HOUSE. She stares at it. Off-screen, the front door is heard UNLOCKING. Annie look the direction of the noise. 69 70 71 72 73 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 42.
54) 0) text: Annie goes to the door. Steve is heard scaling the stairs Before he can reach the top, Annie silently eases the doo shut.
55) 0) text: The workshop door quietly CLOSES just before Steve appear the top of the stairs. He approaches the workshop. He knocks on the door. No answer. He eases the door open. Annie “works” with her back to th door. She’s now wearing HEADPHONES, “listening” to classi music. Steve smiles sadly and closes the door, leaving Annie to work.
56) 0) text: Steve enters the kitchen. Mail waits on the kitchen islan He finds the BROCHURE for the public seance, and DUMPS it the trash. In the b.g., Annie CROSSES the doorway. Steve doesn’t see
57) 0) text: Annie sits in the blue family car, parked in the driveway (The green car - the “accident” car - is now permanently gone.) Annie is trying to work up the nerve to start the engine. Then, in the SIDE-VIEW MIRROR, she sees: Peter rides his BICYCLE up the driveway. He arrives at th front porch, but stays on the bike. He doesn’t see Annie. Annie has TENSED UP. She sits motionless for fear of bein seen, eyes LOCKED on Peter. He stands for a long time at front door, preparing to face his family. Annie watches as Peter continues to gather himself. He finally takes a decisive breath, gets off the bike, and quietly enters the house. 74 43. Annie remains tense. She turns on the car’s IGNITION.
58) 0) text: Annie idles into the parking lot of the HIGH SCHOOL GYMNA (from earlier). Outside, the same SUPPORT GROUP is gather Annie pulls into a spot. Turns off the ignition. She star at the gymnasium door. Watches tensely as people solemnly enter. She doesn’t move. After a long internal debate, Annie finally STARTS the ca back up, and begins to drive off. As she approaches the e an OLDER WOMAN (late 60s) runs suddenly - and merrily - i the HEADLIGHTS, flagging Annie down. Annie BRAKES. The woman circles over to Annie’s window. Annie hesitantl rolls it down.
58) 2) dialog: (cornered) I, no, I just - forgot something.
58) 4) dialog: Oh...
58) 6) dialog: (feeling trapped) Hi.
58) 8) dialog: What?
58) 10) dialog: (still confused) What? (and then) No. That’s not... My daughter was killed.
58) 14) dialog: I’m sorry. Really. Thank you. (gesturing to leave) I really did forget something. Joan bluntly offers:
58) 16) dialog: Oh...! I’m so sorry. Joan smiles tightly, heartbroken.
58) 18) dialog: (pained to say it) Fourteen.
58) 20) dialog: (horrified) Oh my God.
58) 22) dialog: (awkwardly) Okay... 45.
58) 26) dialog: Okay. Thank you. Really. Annie is moved, despite her discomfort. Joan walks off, giving Annie a warm little wave.
59) 0) text: Annie lumbers in. She pulls off her snow boots.
60) 0) text: Steve is asleep in an armchair, bathed in the dim glow of muted TV. Annie appears in the doorway.
60) 1) dialog: Hey.
60) 3) dialog: I’m going to bed. Where were you?
60) 4) dialog: At the movies. I’m going to bed.
60) 6) dialog: (put off) ..-Okay. Annie leaves the doorway.
60) 8) dialog: I’m gonna be right back. She gathers a blanket, which is bundled on the room’s armchair.
60) 10) dialog: I can’t sleep.
60) 12) dialog: The heater’s up there. Steve wants to fight this, but Annie is clearly anxious t avoid a conversation.
60) 14) dialog: Is that okay?
60) 16) dialog: I just need to sleep. Annie leaves.
61) 0) text: We push in on an ominous WIDE of Annie lying asleep in Charlie’s treehouse. Two LARGE HEATERS have been set up o either side of her. They burn a BRIGHT ORANGE. 79 80 81 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 47. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 79 Peter lies in bed, awake. Outside his window, Charlie’s treehouse emits an orange glow. A CLICKING SOUND (like Charlie’s tongue-clicking) is sudd heard in the room. Peter FREEZES, now listening for it. A a moment, there’s another CLICK. Peter BOLTS up in bed. His eyes frenziedly scan the room. fixes on a DARK CORNER. A HOODIE SWEATSHIRT hangs on the wall, and for a brief moment, it looks almost like a stan person. Peter continues listening intently for another click... Silence. It has stopped.
62) 0) text: Outside, a beautiful day. Inside, Annie is hard at work. Her eyes are intense - fur even - as she carefully works on the replica of Charlie’s bedroom. She scratches a tiny replica of the word-carving saw earlier ("Satony”) into the wall behind the bed. As s does this, her attention is drawn to a looming POST-IT NO which reads: Call gallery about extending? Annie disregards this. She goes for a new bottle of paint but as she reaches, an open paint bottle is KNOCKED over.
62) 1) dialog: Shit. It tipped over near Annie’s extending hand, but it didn’t look like Annie actually touched it. Annie grabs paper towels and quickly mops up the mess. Sh pulls a few drenched items out of the widening paint pudd Among them: JOAN’S PHONE NUMBER. She looks at it.
65) 0) text: Annie walks down an urban street, looking for an address. pinches the paper with Joan’s number. On its other side i ADDRESS in Annie’s handwriting. 84 85 86 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50. Annie finds the address. A large, red-brick APARTMENT BUILDING.
66) 0) text: The elevator opens, depositing Annie onto the THIRD FLOOR Annie proceeds down the well-lit hall, arriving at APARTM 316. She knocks. While waiting, Annie looks down. She’s standing on a HAND MADE WELCOME MAT. The word “JOANIE” has been embroidered it. After a moment, the door is opened by JOAN.
66) 2) dialog: It’s a little earlier than we . said. Ah, you're perfect. Come in. INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 85 Annie follows Joan in. Joan closes the door behind them. apartment is cheerfully decorated in bright, homey colors Joan rushes off to the KITCHEN, where a TEA KETTLE is whistling. Annie stays by the door.
66) 3) dialog: Your welcome mat...
66) 5) dialog: My mother used to embroider ones just like that.
66) 9) dialog: He left her in the back seat. Went straight to bed. Joan nods sympathetically. Her eyes locked attentively on Annie.
66) 10) dialog: And then I wake up. Went to my workshop. Needed some supplies. I go down to the car. Step inside. First the smell of something wrong. Then the - body. Slumped. Covered in black, blood, like tar... (fighting tears) And her head wasn’t there, so I couldn’t see her face. But they were her clothes. And her hands... her fingernails... Joan is pale as she listens. Annie is trembling, locked o the memory. Joan gently lays her hand over Annie’s. Beat.
66) 13) dialog: ..-Small moments maybe. This hangs for a moment.
66) 15) dialog: .-.-Peter? Joan brightens: “That’s his name?” Annie thinks about Joa question.
66) 16) dialog: Oh God... Her face DARKENS and she chuckles. She brushes it off, bu then PAUSES. She decides to actually answer.
66) 17) dialog: I sleepwalk. (pause) I haven't in a long time, but two years ago I woke up - and I really don’t remember this because I was asleep - but I woke up standing next to Peter and Charlie’s bed (when they shared a room), and they were completely covered in paint thinner... And so was I. From head to toe... And I was standing there, and I was holding a box of matches. And I woke myself up by striking one. Which also woke up Peter. And he started screaming. And I immediately put out the match, immediately, but my husband came in... and I was just as shocked as he was, but I was the one with the matches. Joan is listening with no judgment. Annie, frustrated by memory, takes a deep breath.
66) 18) dialog: And it was impossible to convince them that it was just sleepwalking - which of course it was - but the timing was awful, Peter and I had already fallen into this stupid quarrelling phase - arguing forever about nothing - such frivolous things - but that’s when the incident happened, so...! (throws her hands up) Over time, everyone affected casualness, “moving on.” But they never forgot and Peter’s always held it against me and there's nothing I can say and there’s nothing I can do because it happened. While I was asleep.
66) 20) dialog: Oh, she was off in the clouds somewhere. Probably didn’t even notice. Beat.
68) 0) text: Annie is at work. Behind her, the door opens and Steve enters. He approaches to see... Annie is working on a new piece: a NEW MINIATURE of the HIGHWAY of Charlie’s accident, including the TELEPHONE PO that took her head. This also features a tiny figurine of Charlie’s decapitated head and a figurine of Peter in the family car.
68) 2) dialog: Who?
68) 4) dialog: What? It’s not about him. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 56.
68) 6) dialog: ...It’s an objective view of the accident! Steve just eyes her.
68) 7) dialog: Okay, so what is it, then?
68) 8) dialog: It’s cruel, Annie. And unforgiving... Oh my God!
68) 10) dialog: (incredulous) What do you think I’m trying to say with this?! You think I’d ever want to hurt my own son?! Are you crazy?! Steve almost responds, but bites his tongue.
68) 11) dialog: Oh Jesus you're sanctimonious. I get it: you’re a good father, you’re a good husband - get off the stage. Steve boils.
68) 13) dialog: I’m making dinner!
69) 0) text: Annie, Steve and Peter sit at the dinner table. A fourth divides Annie and Peter. Annie is fuming from her last interaction with Steve. Beside her glass: an unswallowed 57.
69) 4) dialog: What?
69) 6) dialog: Is there something on your mind?
69) 9) dialog: Like what? Why would I want to say something? So I can watch you can roll your eyes at me?
69) 10) dialog: I have never rolled my eyes Oh sweetie - you don’t have at you. to. You get the point across.
69) 13) dialog: (getting angry) I don’t want _to say anything. I’ve tried saying things.
69) 17) dialog: Release you, you mean!
69) 19) dialog: Don't you swear at me - you little shit! You don't EVER raise your voice at me! I'm your Mother, you understand? I've given everything to you! All I ever DO is worry and slave and defend you, and all I get back is that fucking face on your face! So full of disdain and resentment and always so annoyed. Well, now your sister's dead! And I know you miss her and I know it was an “accident” and I know you're in pain - and I wish I could take it all away! I wish I could shield you from the knowledge that you did what you did - but your sister is dead. She's gone forever. And what a waste. If it could’ve Maybe brought us together - something! - if you could have just said “I’m sorry” or faced up to what happened: maybe then we could do something with this! But you can’t take responsibility for anything, so now I_can’t accept. And I can’t forgive. Because nobody admits what they’ve done! She sits down. A heavy silence. Peter is looking away, fighting tears. But then, after a silence...
69) 23) dialog: Fine. She tensely RISES hesitates, but then hesitates, about to something else. But then:
69) 24) dialog: Fine. She leaves. Steve turns to Peter: he’s doing everything in his power keep from exploding into tears. Steve looks powerless to INT. ANNIE AND STEVE’S BEDROOM - MINUTES LATER 91 Steve enters the bedroom, furious. Annie is sitting on th bed, a hardness in her eyes.
69) 26) dialog: What am I doing?!
69) 28) dialog: These are your choices, too! You choose to not see how he is. How cold he is with me. How dimissive.
69) 29) dialog: So we'll deal with that! We can go to family therapy s whatever - but don’t make it Oh, family therapy! Right! about Charlie!
69) 30) dialog: So what, then? We just chalk it up to an act of God?
69) 32) dialog: He just left her in the car! , . Went straight to bed! Not a You can’t even imagine he was word! in shock?
69) 33) dialog: He left us to be in shock, too!
69) 35) dialog: (ignoring him) And it wasn’t a fucking BBQ either. He lied to us, through his teeth. He took her to some sleazy high school house party!
69) 36) dialog: You knew it wasn’t a BBQ! He just left her head in the road and kept driving. He went to sleep!
69) 38) dialog: (acidly) He looks pretty gathered to me.
69) 39) dialog: Gathered?! You're holding yourself together awfully well, too!
69) 41) dialog: (exploding) It HAS unraveled completely! Silence. Steve is frozen.
69) 42) dialog: ...Don’t worry. I blame myself, too.
69) 45) dialog: I’m the one who made her go to the party.
69) 48) dialog: But you didn’t push her. I did.
69) 50) dialog: You don’t understand anything, do you? INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 92 Peter boils in bed, staring out the window. A gentle knock at the door. It cracks open and Steve stic his head in.
69) 67) dialog: (barely audible) I’m sorry. Annie’s back begins to rise and fall in a fit of sobs.
70) 0) text: CLOSE-UP of Annie’s face. Lethargic. She’s lost a few pou since we last saw her, and is wearing an old T-shirt and pajama bottoms. She stares at her unfinished miniatures. Her eyes then dr to a Post-It note above her desk. It reads “KEEP WORKING!
71) 0) text: Annie pushes a cart down an aisle of miniature building materials. She looks farther down the aisle, and suddenly STOPS, having noticed... JOAN is pushing a cart toward Annie. She hasn’t yet notic Annie. She wears an ECSTATIC SMILE as she giddily scans t chalk section. Confused by Joan’s demeanor (and her presence), Annie war begins to push her cart toward her.
71) 1) dialog: Joan? Joan looks up to see Annie.
71) 3) dialog: Hi...! Joan circles the carts to give Annie a big, warm, very sustained HUG.
71) 4) dialog: Are you okay?
71) 7) dialog: What happened?
71) 9) dialog: (laughing now, too) What do you mean?
71) 11) dialog: Not at all...!
71) 14) dialog: An “open seance”?
71) 19) dialog: I’m just - here, shopping.
71) 26) dialog: Okay.
71) 28) dialog: What's “this”?
71) 33) dialog: .--Yes. Joan lights a BLACK CANDLE.
71) 34) dialog: (forcing levity) Nice mood setter.
71) 37) dialog: (more to herself) What am I doing? After a moment of silence, Joan speaks to the room.
71) 42) dialog: (eyes wide) How did you do that? Annie looks under the table. There’s nothing there.
71) 44) dialog: Oh my God.
71) 48) dialog: (frightened) What is? Joan pulls up a small CHALKBOARD from below the table. It unmarked. A tiny piece of chalk rests on the surface.
71) 52) dialog: I’m sorry, can we stop?
71) 54) dialog: I’m sorry. Please.
71) 57) dialog: (shaken) I’m sorry, I’m really...
71) 59) dialog: I think I need to go.
71) 60) dialog: That’s okay. Thank you. I’m sorry. Annie RISES. Joan blows out the candle, grabs it, and shuffles to the kitchen to fetch a sheet of paper. It features a Sanskrit prayer (transcribed in carefully handwritten English). Joan returns to Annie with the paper and the black candle
71) 62) dialog: (overwhelmed) Why? What is it?
71) 65) dialog: What?
71) 67) dialog: I didn’t kill her! Joan smiles warmly. “I know.”
71) 68) dialog: Okay. Thank you. Annie leaves, trembling.
72) 0) text: A discombobulated Annie drives back home. Her eyes are buzzing and her movements are jerky and ill-possessed. She slows to a stop at a red light. As she sits waiting for the light to change, Annie hears CLICKING SOUND in the back seat. She goes white. She slow turns to look at the empty back seat. The clicking has ceased. Annie's eyes are crazed.
73) 0) text: A wide shot of the house. Bathed in the pale moonlight, i almost looks like one of Annie’s miniatures. All the ligh are off, save for ONE window. INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 99 Steve is fast asleep. Annie’s side of the bed is EMPTY. The door to the MASTER BATHROOM is closed, but a band of light is visible beneath the door. Behind the door, Annie heard WHISPERING intensely - presumably on the phone.
73) 1) dialog: Can it be anything?... Like her clothes? INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 100 CLOSE UP on Peter’s profile. He’s asleep. Off-screen, the door is heard CREAKING OPEN. After a mome Annie leans into frame, hovering over Peter. 71.
73) 2) dialog: (whispering) Peter. Peter doesn’t stir.
73) 3) dialog: Sweetheart. Peter. Wake up. Peter inhales sharply. He wakes with a start.
73) 5) dialog: It’s okay, honey, it’s me. Peter is still getting oriented. Annie looks strangely hopeful.
73) 6) dialog: I’m so, so sorry for everything. Please, please forgive me. I can’t stand the things I said.
73) 8) dialog: Can you get up, sweetheart? We’re gonna try something.
73) 10) dialog: That’s okay, baby. We can do something.
73) 12) dialog: I’ve figured it out. 101 INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER 101 Annie stands over Steve, who’s asleep in bed.
73) 13) dialog: Steve. Baby. She nudges him gently.
73) 14) dialog: Steve. Wake up. 102 103 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 72. Steve jolts awake.
73) 16) dialog: Come downstairs with us. We’re gonna do something together. Steve looks to the door. Peter is standing nervously in t unlit hallway.
74) 0) text: Annie walks down the hall. Steve and Peter follow warily behind.
75) 0) text: The oval dining table has been set with an upturned DRINK GLASS. Beside it is CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD and one of Charlie’s hoodies. The BLACK CANDLE that Joan gave Annie dimly illuminating the table. The WINDOW is open, and it COLD. Peter hugs himself; Steve rubs his arms.
75) 2) dialog: No: Don’t change anything. I don’t want to mess it up. Annie sits down. There is a chair on either side of her.
75) 3) dialog: Everyone sit. They don’t.
75) 4) dialog: My friend Joan taught me how to do this.
75) 6) dialog: Please sit. We need our palms on the table and our fingers to touch.
75) 7) dialog: What are we doing, Annie? Please. You’ll see. Steve just looks at her.
75) 8) dialog: Please just trust me. Steve doesn’t budge.
75) 9) dialog: Fine! Annie stands up, DRAGS the table halfway towards Steve an Peter, and GRABS their hands.
75) 10) dialog: We can do it here, then. She SQUEEZES their hands.
75) 11) dialog: I need you both to concentrate.
75) 13) dialog: pause) Think about Charlie if you can.
75) 15) dialog: (urgent) Sweetheart, please. Please. I tried this twenty minutes ago and it worked. I wouldn't be bringing you down here if it didn’t.
75) 17) dialog: (pause) I wanna just show you.
75) 19) dialog: (frustrated) Fuck! I’m a - medium! Before Steve can protest:
75) 20) dialog: I was seeing apparitions earlier. I just shook them off, but I shouldn’t have. (gripping his hand) Please: I know how it sounds. There’s no way to talk about it, I need to just show you. Okay? Please. You'll see. I’m completely lucid. Steve just stares at her. She looks pleadingly at him.
75) 21) dialog: (to Peter) You_can go to bed, Peter. I‘1l stay. What? No. What are you doing? (to Peter) Peter: please. This needs all of our energies. We need to do this as a family. Together.
75) 23) dialog: (to Steve) Please Steve. I need you to be open. Both of you. I promise. She holds out her hand, pleading for Steve’s. He reluctan obliges. Again, she SQUEEZES both of their hands.
75) 24) dialog: Okay, good. So I already read that earlier... Annie nods to the prayer sheet that Joan gave her.
75) 25) dialog: I don’t think I need to read it again. Steve squints as he looks it over.
75) 26) dialog: What language is that? (back to business) Okay: Try to concentrate. Annie now addresses the room. 75.
75) 27) dialog: Charlie?... Charlie, are you here? Steve looks ready to put an immediate stop to this, but h sees Annie’s total determination. He holds off. In the other room, a door is heard CREAKING. Peter looks that direction.
75) 28) dialog: Charlie? It’s mommy. And daddy. And Peter. Silence. Peter and Steve are very uneasy.
75) 29) dialog: Charlie, if you’re in this room with us -- I’m going to have us all touch this glass. Annie has PULLED Steve and Peter to the table. She rests palm on top of the glass. She takes Steve’s hand and Pete hand. She lays them on top of hers.
75) 30) dialog: (to Steve and Peter) Don’t add pressure. (to the room) Now if you're here, Charlie, I just want you to move the glass for us. Even if it’s just a tiny little bit.
75) 31) dialog: (needing to interject) (ignoring Steve) Annie. Even if it’s just the tiniest little movement, Charlie! A long stretch of nothing. Annie’s determination has not waned. Peter suddenly TENSES UP.
75) 37) dialog: What the hell? Wow! Yes! Thank you, Charlie! That was so good! The color has drained from Peter's face.
75) 38) dialog: Now Charlie, what I’d like for you to do is I’d like for youto... Annie opens the DRAWING PAD. She flips it to a blank page and lays a small piece of PENCIL LEAD on top.
75) 39) dialog: .-.-show them what you were doing earlier. Pause.
75) 40) dialog: (to the room) Can you show them what you just did for me?
75) 42) dialog: Look: She’s gonna do it. Peter looks to the pad, terrified. Steve SEES Peter’s fea Steve SHUTS the drawing pad.
75) 44) dialog: What? No! Annie grabs the pad and flips to a PAGE near the back. It a simple DRAWING - in Charlie’s style - of a CAR. She hol it up for Steve.
75) 45) dialog: When I did this earlier, this materialized on the page! I saw this draw itself! I saw it!
75) 47) dialog: IT’S CHARLIE!
75) 49) dialog: Cutting Steve off, Annie continues addressing the room.
75) 50) dialog: Did you finish, Charlie?! Did you want to draw more? She returns the drawing pad (now open to the car drawing) the center of the table.
75) 51) dialog: You can keep going if you weren’t finished! Annie GRABS Steve’s and Peter’s hand, and presses them against the table again. She pushes her hands on top of theirs.
75) 52) dialog: We need to keep our fingers touching. We need to give good energy. Steve PULLS his hand away. Peter does, too. Annie SEIZES Peter's wrist.
75) 53) dialog: This is SCARING him, Annie! No it’s NoT!
75) 54) dialog: (to Peter) Don't be scared, Peter. This is your sister. (to the room) Charlie? Are you finished with the drawing? Silence. Suddenly an intense GUST OF AIR sweeps the room (from the open window?) and the DOOR SLAMS SHUT. Max is n BARKING like crazy in the other room.
75) 56) dialog: (to the room) Charlie? What’s wrong? The air seems to be sucked out of the room for a moment. family is suspended in frightened anticipation. And then 78. THE CANDLE’S FLAME BELCHES, as if fueled (for an instant) propane. Everyone GASPS! The flame is immediately extinguished. Silence now - save for Max, still barking in the other ro We are left for a moment in darkness, and then... The candle’s wick quietly RE-IGNITES on its own. The flam burns normally. Peter and Steve stare open-mouthed at thi Steve looks under the table. Nothing is there. He warily lifts the candle to see if there’s anything attached to t bottom. There is not. Before Steve can react -- A FAINT GROANING SOUND is ushered. Peter and Steve, froze a moment, look nervously to the source. It’s coming from. ANNIE. Her head is down. She’s moaning, as if trying to vomit. She’s in some sort of TRANCE. Finally, she lets ou LONG, PAINED GROAN. Guttural and almost inhuman-sounding. drags out longer than wanted. And then... Annie stops. Her eyes are WIDE. Like a child’s. She then
75) 57) dialog: Hello? But her voice sounds different. It will now remind us - i inflection, in quality - of CHARLIE’S VOICE.
75) 59) dialog: (like Charlie) Mom? Annie looks around, as if looking for “Mom.” She looks ve scared now (but she’s still squeezing Peter’s wrist).
75) 60) dialog: (like Charlie) Mom?!
75) 61) dialog: (to Steve) (like Charlie) I don’t like this. What’s happening?!
75) 64) dialog: (like Charlie) What’s going on?! Annie is still looking around, as if she can’t see. Asif she’s BLIND.
75) 66) dialog: (like Charlie) Mom? ? Mortified, Peter tugs on Steve’s arm.
75) 68) dialog: 
75) 69) dialog: (like Charlie) What’s happening?! Why is everyone scared?! Terrified silence.
75) 70) dialog: (like Charlie)
75) 72) dialog: (like Charlie) Dad! Peter! I’m scared! Where’s mom? !
75) 76) dialog: (like Charlie) Peter, what’s going on? Where’s mom? Stop it!
75) 77) dialog: (like a scared animal) Why are you trying to scare me?! 104 80. Steve re-enters the room, holding a GLASS OF WATER. He TO it in Annie’s face. She GASPS - roused from her trance.
75) 78) dialog: What the hell! What are you doing?! Annie is frozen. She takes in her drenched body. Max has stopped barking in the other room.
75) 79) dialog: What just happened? Peter and Steve are traumatized.
76) 0) text: Steve has pulled Annie outside. He’s very aggressive. Ann has wiped the water off her face with a towel. In the b.g Peter watches from a window.
76) 1) dialog: What the fuck did you just do? I didn’t do anything!
76) 3) dialog: You were there. You saw what happened. That wasn’t me. A fraught beat. Steve stares daggers.
76) 5) dialog: We communicated with Charlie.
76) 6) dialog: (meaning it) Stop it. You saw that we did!
76) 8) dialog: Are you sure you’re not terrified?
76) 10) dialog: I don’t wanna see Dr. Stetson.
76) 12) dialog: Goddamn it! Denial can be a crazy thing, too, Steve! To be so rigid! But Steve keeps walking off.
76) 13) dialog: 
76) 15) dialog: What happened when I blacked out? Did something happen? Steve just looks at her. 105 INT. ANNIE AND STEVE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 105 The moonlight is an icy blue. Annie and Steve are in bed. Steve is asleep with his back Annie. Annie is too anxious to sleep. She turns her face into her pillow, only to notice TWO AN crawling on the pillowcase. She looks down to see THREE M ANTS on the bed. She then pulls ONE ANT off of her should Annie sits up. She looks down to see a TRAIL OF ANTS on t floor, leading into the hallway. The trail is coming from WINDOW. Annie gets out of bed and checks the window. It’s locked. the trail seems to be COMING IN through a small gap in th corner of the sill. Annie follows the trail of black ants out of the room and into the hallway...
77) 0) text: The trail of ants is leading clearly to PETER’S BEDROOM. door is open. (There is the faint sound of Max’s barking, if heard from a great distance.) 107 INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 107 Annie enters Peter’s bedroom. The queue of ants continues toward Peter’s bed. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 82. They crawl up the bed post and onto the mattress, continu up Peter’s leg and across his body - all the way up to hi neck. Annie draws closer. As she approaches, it becomes horribl apparent... THE BLACK ANTS HAVE COMPLETELY ENVELOPED PETER’S HEAD AND FACE.
77) 2) dialog: What's going on?
77) 4) dialog: I’m sorry... Annie looks around.
77) 5) dialog: Is Charlie here?
77) 7) dialog: (looking at him now) What? Annie's expression pleads “How could you ask me that?” Bu Peter just stares back at her. Annie’s attitude suddenly TURNS - from defensive to confessional. She admits:
77) 8) dialog: I never wanted to be your mother. Annie covers her mouth, as if in shock at her own words. looks to Peter like a child who just accidentally broke something. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 83.
77) 10) dialog: (still covering mouth) I was scared. I didn’t feel like a mother. But she pressured me.
77) 12) dialog: It’s not my fault...! I tried to stop it.
77) 14) dialog: (barely able to say it) ...I tried to have a miscarriage. Peter starts tearing up.
77) 16) dialog: (also tearing up) However I could...! I did everything they told me not to. But it didn't work. I’m happy it didn’t work! Max's muffled barking has become faintly more distinct. P is crying hard now.
77) 18) dialog: I love you. We cut back to Peter, but his hair and face are now inexplicably DRENCHED in liquid (presumably paint thinner
77) 20) dialog: I didn’t. I was trying to save you. 108 109 110 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 84. An OFF-SCREEN FIRE IGNITES, illuminating Annie’s face in hellish orange.
78) 8) text: What is? It followed me here! INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - SAME TIME 112 The cordless PHONE is ringing. Two FLIES crawl across it. Annie, still wearing her nightgown, nervously works on a FUNERAL HOME model. The ringing STOPS, but then starts ag Annie now turns to ANSWER the phone. 86.
78) 9) dialog: Hello? Steve is on the other end. We can hear that he is DRIVING
78) 11) dialog: (gravely) Charlie?
78) 13) dialog: I -- nothing. What happened?
78) 15) dialog: Why does he think he’s being threatened?
78) 17) dialog: What does that mean?
78) 19) dialog: Don’t talk to me like this. He’s my son, too. CLICK. He’s hung up. Infuriated, Annie calls Steve back. He answers.
78) 20) dialog: Don’t hang up on me again. I’m not sleepwalking anymore, you understand? She hangs up. 113 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 87. Annie returns to the miniature funeral home. She carefull (but tensely) presses a freshly GLUED piece of balsa wood against the beautifully rendered wall. She holds it in pl The phone RINGS. Annie doesn’t care. It rings until the ANSWERING MACHINE gets it. After the outgoing message, th machine BEEPS and a WOMAN leaves a message.
80) 3) dialog: I didn’t wanna look at it anymore. Steve stares at her for a very long time. He then grabs t PHONE and storms into the hallway, dialing a number.
80) 4) dialog: (rising) Hey! Who are you calling?!
81) 5) dialog: Dr. Stetson.
81) 7) dialog: (disdainful) Yeah, let’s make ourselves at home. Annie sits in a chair in the corner. Dr. Stetson takes a chair and brings it nearer. Stetson sits across from Anni without crowding her. (A couple flies will be buzzing aro throughout.)
81) 9) dialog: Not amazing.
81) 11) dialog: (blunt) Uh - because my daughter was killed and now my psychiatrist husband is calling over his peers to investigate me. Steve glowers.
81) 13) dialog: I'm fine. I’m lucid. I’m in mourning and I’m trying to cope, and he’s supposed to be my partner, so forgive me if I’m not bouncing off the walls to see you. 90.
81) 15) dialog: Then stop patronizing me please. Stetson takes a long pause. He levels with her:
81) 17) dialog: (direct) I thought I felt a presence. I was hopeful, as you can imagine. It was fleeting, and now I’m back to grieving.
81) 19) dialog: (turning back to Stetson) Because it’s my work. Annie's eyes are stone. Brief pause.
81) 22) dialog: Tuesday.
81) 24) dialog: What were you hoping? That I'd tell your psychiatrist friend that we brought back our dead daughter? You think I don’t know how that sounds? Steve nods, numb. He walks past her, toward the stairs. A pauses before following him up. INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - MOMENTS LATER 116 Steve has entered the workshop. He walks heavily around t ruins. Annie steps in. Watches him.
81) 26) dialog: Jesus Christ - Fuck the show. You're ignoring this!
81) 30) dialog: You ignore everything! If you can’t find it in one of your books!
81) 31) dialog: “Indulge”?
81) 32) dialog: “Allow” now! Jesus! Listen to how you’re just clinging! (pointing) You’re the one who’s gonna go crazy, Steve. If you keep just denying what’s in front of you. Steve stares at her, overwhelmed. He looks down to notice his feet: the figurine of Annie’s Mother, holding out her breast. Steve lets out a defeated sigh.
81) 37) dialog: Well, it’s not anything good. It’s nothing. It means nothing. This -— (kicks a piece of wood) - is what I cared about.
81) 41) dialog: Where are you going?
83) 0) text: Through the open door of the workshop (whose lights are n off), Peter is seen TURNING OFF THE LIGHTS in his bedroom looks out into the hall, paranoid, and then shuts the doo Several FLIES adorn the hallway walls. This was seen from ANNIE’S POV. She’s sitting in the dark among the wreckage of her work. She’s still in shock over inexplicable additions to the Graham replica. Suddenly she HEARS the faint sound of a PENCIL VIGOROUSLY SCRATCHING PAPER. It’s coming from down the hall. She hesitates before rising and entering the HALLWAY... More and more flies have collected. They seem especially prominent around the ATTIC DOOR on the ceiling. Noting this, Annie continues to follow the sound of drawi to arrive at... INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 119 The door is open. The lights are OFF. The sound of PENCIL FEVERISHLY SCRATCHING PAPER is heard, although the room i completely empty. Annie stands at the door. She hesitates before turning on light. CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD rests on Charlie’s bed. It’s open t mostly blank page, but a DRAWING IS MATERIALIZING on it. is then FLIPPED (as if by wind) to the next page, where a drawing begins. We can’t yet see the content of the drawi Annie approaches the drawing pad to investigate. Her eyes already buzzing with fear, now widen with HORROR. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 120 The door is closed and the lights are off. Peter is inbed trying to sleep. Silence, save for a buzzing fly. Then... A CLICKING of the tongue. Peter’s eyes OPEN. He slowly lo up, scanning past the bed, to SEE... CHARLIE is standing in the dark corner of the room (where Peter mistook his hoodie for a person). Charlie stares at Peter with unblinking eyes. It’s almost too dark to make out. Another CLICK. 121 122 123 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 94.
85) 1) dialog: Peter! Peter! INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 123 Peter has just been released by the phantom hands. He’s frantic. ANNIE is now standing in the room.
85) 2) dialog: What’s wrong, baby?! What happened?!
85) 4) dialog: What do you mean?!
85) 6) dialog: What?! Peter looks terrified of her.
85) 7) dialog: No I wasn’t! I just came in! You were screaming! Peter is crying.
85) 8) dialog: What happened?
85) 10) dialog: Peter! I would never do that to you! Are you crazy? I would never hurt you. How could you even think that? Peter just stares at her through frightened tears.
85) 11) dialog: -..-You saw Charlie in what corner? Peter can’t answer. He’s horrified.
85) 12) dialog: Listen to me, Peter. I don’t know what’s happening or what you just saw, but I’m stopping this. Do NOT tell dad what you just said to me. Please. It's NOT true. Something’s going on, and I’m the only one who can stop this. Do you understand? I’m the only one who can fix it. Peter stares unblinkingly at her. INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 124 Charlie’s DRAWING PAD is open. We track slowly in, reveal the CONTENT of two of the drawings... Both are crude, violently drawn sketches of PETER’S FACE, the EYES are replaced with X’s. The faces are framed by furiously sketched TRIANGLES. 125 126 127 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 96. A BREEZE blows in from the window, flipping to the NEXT P more of the same - and then the next page - still more of same - and then the next page, etc... Annie’s HAND enters to seize the drawing pad. She leaves room. Max's barking persists in the b.g.
86) 0) text: Annie has started a FIRE in the fireplace. (In theb.g., Steve is still asleep on the couch.) Annie clutches Charlie’s drawing pad, gazing into the fir She inhales deeply, holds her breath, and then THROWS the in. At first it resists the flames, but then, the EDGE of sheet begins to BURN. Annie watches this, eyes glued to the fire. But the shoul of her SHIRT has sprouted the tiny beginning of a FLAME. is the same size as the burgeoning flame at the drawing p edge. Annie doesn’t even notice. The flame spreads slowly along the drawing pad’s edge. As this happens, the flame on Annie’s shoulder SPREADS ALONG ARM. Annie notices this and panics. She desperately tries stamp out the fire, but it’s no use. The fireplace-fire starts to CONSUME the edges of the dra pad. Simultaneously, ANNIE’S ARM IS ENGULFED FOR A MOMENT FLAMES. The fire on her arm is mimicking the fire that’s eating the book. Annie SCREAMS, pulls the drawing pad out of the fire, and STAMPS OUT the flames. As she stamps it out, the fire on arm is duly EXTINGUISHED. Annie understands now. She’s tied to the book.
88) 0) text: Peter steps out of his bedroom, backpack slung over his shoulder. He clearly didn’t sleep last night and his eyes buzzing with anxiety. He looks down the hall at the workshop’s DOOR, which is open by the faintest CRACK. He hesitates and walks off. Behind the workshop door: ANNIE stares through the crack, making sure that Peter leaves. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 97. 128 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT BUILDING - THIRD FLOOR - MOMENT Annie, looking frighteningly determined, emerges from the elevator of JOAN’S BUILDING. She’s still wearing her nightgown under a coat. She rushes to JOAN’S DOOR and kno No answer. Annie knocks again, more urgently. 129 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 129 Nobody's home. We are pulling back from the DOOR (as Anni knocking persists) to REVEAL the apartment... It looks mostly the same, but it’s now adorned in cloths drapes that feature various SYMBOLS. One of these is an ORNATE SIGIL (which we recognize as the one on Annie’s necklace). This is the Sigil of PAIMON, and it can now be found all over the room. The TABLE at which Annie and Joan performed the seance (w was then covered in a table-cloth) is now bare, revealing that the tabletop has a LARGE TRIANGLE carved into it (pointing to the northwest). Resting in the middle of the triangle is a PHOTO OF PETER. Beside this is an ATHAME (ritual dagger), a scattering of herbs, and finally... A primitive DIORAMA (the same that we saw earlier on Charlie’s desk, but now finished). Standing center stage crude manikin of a human torso whose head is an actual SEVERED RAVEN HEAD. Atop the head is an aluminum-foil CRO Three other sculptures BOW ON THEIR KNEES to the raven-he figure. Their heads are the severed PIGEON HEAD (now decomposing), a severed RAT HEAD and a severed SQUIRREL H Annie's knocking continues.
89) 0) text: Annie ceases knocking. She looks DOWN to notice that she’ standing on... The WELCOME MAT. “JOANIE.” Annie's mind starts racing. She thinks for a moment and t it hits her! Annie RACES back to the elevator. A SCHOOL BELL RINGS, bridging our CUT TO:
92) 0) text: The hallway is crawling with flies. Annie, still holding the photo album, enters (from the Workshop) to investigate. The ceiling’s ATTIC HATCH is now covered in more flies th ever. It’s clearly the source of the infestation. Annie, eyes crazed with paranoia, stares at the hatch. A short (but accessible) rope hangs from it, asking to be pulled. Annie pulls on the rope, slowly OPENING the attic hatch a releasing its retractable stairway. A HORDE OF FLIES esca the attic. Annie hesitates before climbing up.
93) 0) text: The attic is dank and claustrophobic. There is one window letting in scant moonlight. Otherwise, the space is obscu in utter darkness. Annie pokes her head in. At the foot of the entrance is a FLASHLIGHT. Annie takes it, turns it on, and shines its b into the shadows. Flies are everywhere. Their buzzing permeates the room. 136 101. Waving away the flies, Annie explores the space. It’s fil with discarded pieces of the family’s past. Old cribs, a mattress, toys, etc. Finally, Annie’s FLASHLIGHT dawns on something. A FIGURE lying prostrate in the corner. Annie approaches it. The f get louder. Annie finally gets close enough to SEE... It is a WOMAN’S CORPSE, and upon closer inspection, its H is seen to be MISSING. From the white and wrinkled hands, it’s evident that this was an old woman. She is also wear a WHITE SILK ROBE - identical to the one that Charlie saw corpse wearing earlier in the woods. (Is this Ellen Leigh corpse?) A large TRIANGLE has been drawn in chalk around body. Annie GASPS, staggers back, and bends over to RETCH. As s does so, the flashlight’s beam crosses something on the VAULTED CEILING above the body. Annie pauses before raisi the flashlight. She trains it on the ceiling to reveal... THE SIGIL OF PAIMON has been painted onto the ceiling in dry BLOOD. Flies crawl across its coarse black-red stroke
96) 0) text: Annie sits in her car, parked on the street. She is waiti in the driver seat, eyes crazed. She watches the house, holding her cell phone at the ready. A car drives by. She turns to investigate. It’s not Steve
96) 1) dialog: (to herself) Goddamn it, Steve. Come home. INT. STEVE’S OFFICE - SAME TIME 140 Steve is still in his office, eyes closed, leaning back i his chair. Clinging to the peace. The phone rings again. He sets his drink on the table and grudgingly answers.
97) 0) text: Steve is now driving home. PETER is asleep in the back se His nose is HEAVILY BANDAGED and his eyes are black and b Steve looks at the rear-view mirror while he drives. Watc his son sleep. Steve looks back to the road to see -- he’s about to runa red light. He STOMPS on the brake. Despite the harsh stop, Peter remains asleep. Steve grips the wheel, on the edge of his seat. A moment tense silence and then: the floodgates open. Steve starts CRYING, overwhelmed. After a moment of this, he regains composure. The light goes GREEN. INT. ANNIE’S CAR - LATE AFTERNOON 142 Annie is still waiting anxiously in her car. Steve’s car is seen pulling into the Graham driveway. Ann heaves a relieved sigh - “finally!” But then she notices Steve is pulling an unconscious Peter out of the back sea She sees Peter’s bandaged nose and PANICS. Annie jumps out of the car and bounds over. She’s grippin her mother’s photo album.
97) 1) dialog: Oh my God what happened?! Steve turns to Annie as she arrives. He’s in no mood for histrionics. Annie GASPS at the sight of Peter’s face.
97) 2) dialog: Who did that?!
97) 4) dialog: (needing to tell him) Steve... 143 105.
97) 6) dialog: Steve. Steve waits for her to continue.
97) 7) dialog: ...Upstairs, in the attic... When you were gone, I went up there. Steve closes his eyes, not wanting to hear whatever’s com
97) 8) dialog: There’s a decapitated body. An old woman... Steve’s eyes open, numb. He looks blankly at Annie.
97) 9) dialog: (reacting) That’s what all the flies are!
97) 11) dialog: Go upstairs. Look for yourself. Whose body?
97) 12) dialog: I think it might be my mother’s. I think! I can’t tell! The skin is black and she’s all distended, but it’s an old woman and the head is gone... Go see for yourself. Steve STARES at her before walking into the hall and approaching the attic hatch.
97) 13) dialog: And then there’s more. 144 145 106.
98) 0) text: Annie rushes to the fireplace. She starts a FIRE. Max's barking continues off-screen.
99) 4) dialog: The police can’t help us! This makes Steve pause. Did Annie do this?
99) 6) dialog: Do you remember Joan, my friend? Her grandson died and she took me to her apartment? Steve’s eyes are harrowed.
99) 8) dialog: Listen! She taught me how to do the seance. I didn’t even want to know. But she brought her grandson back, and I saw it and I felt it - just like you did with Charlie. Steve eyes Annie with growing revulsion. She now opens th photo album. She’s frighteningly energetic.
99) 9) dialog: This was my mother’s album. Okay? Now look: this woman, right here, that’s her! That’s Joan! Annie is pointing at a photo of Joan (20 years younger) standing with Annie’s mother (20 years younger). Annie sp quickly to prevent Steve from interrupting.
99) 10) dialog: She never mentioned knowing my mother and I never met her before, but she approached me, she consoled me, and she told me about the seance, she showed me how, and now - look:
99) 11) text: Steve can’t listen to this, but Annie desperately draws h attention to the photo of Annie’s Mother being showered i coins by Joan. Annie points at the NECKLACE.
99) 12) dialog: That’s the necklace my mom gave me. Right? It’s my mother’s necklace. Right? Now Annie points out another photo: her mother posing wit Joan - both wearing the same necklace.
99) 13) dialog: They're both wearing it. And they're wearing it in every photo! Steve, now completely pale, doesn’t react. He’s staring a Annie like she’s a contagious disease.
99) 14) dialog: And look at the pattern! Did you see up there? This was painted above the body. Right?! In blood?!
99) 16) dialog: What?! Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 108.
99) 17) dialog: It was you, wasn’t it? When you were going out, “to the movies"? You're not even listening!
99) 19) dialog: Goddamn it! LISTEN to me, Steve! I know you don’t trust me - there’s nothing I can do_about that - but they put a curse on us, and when we brought back Charlie -
99) 21) dialog: (continuing) - we made a PACT with something! I don’t know what it is, but it’s in the house and it wants Peter! Annie pulls out Charlie’s DRAWING PAD. She opens it and f through the sketches of Peter with his eyes X’d out.
99) 22) dialog: I watched these pages fill. They’re all of Peter. She looks up at Steve.
99) 23) dialog: I’m sorry, Steve: I don’t know what I did, but Peter’s in danger and I’m the one who started this. Annie takes Steve’s arm. He recoils at his wife’s touch. leads him toward the STAIRS.
99) 24) dialog: If we destroy this book, it’1l take me too. I tried to burn it - I tried - but my arm caught fire. On its own. As if I was linked to it, because I am linked! I know that now. But if we don’t destroy this...Peter will... She's too overwhelmed to finish her thought. Steve’s eyes register no compassion. He skeptically follows her down t stairs toward the LIVING ROOM. 109.
99) 25) dialog: It needs to be me, Steve. It’s my fault! I need you to throw it in the fire. Steve just stares at her.
99) 26) dialog: I can’t do it! I can’t throw it in! I’m too scared. But if you don’t, it’ll be Peter. I know it will. (breaks down crying at the thought) It‘’ll be our son! Annie puts the drawing pad in Steve’s hand. She closes hi fingers around it. She tries to calm herself down.
99) 27) dialog: Please baby. I can’t do it. I need you to throw it in the fire. Annie takes a canister of LIGHTER FLUID and proceeds to D the drawing pad. She then looks at Steve with great love sadness.
99) 28) dialog: Even if you can’t believe me: You're the love of my life. Annie KISSES him passionately. It has the desperation of farewell kiss. Steve’s lips are stone.
99) 29) dialog: I love you, Steve. I love you so much. And I love Peter so much! Annie is crying hysterically. Max’s barking continues.
99) 30) dialog: Please! Throw it in! Steve walks in a horrified daze toward the FIREPLACE. But then -- he STOPS SHORT. He turns to Annie.
99) 32) dialog: (panicked) What? No.
100) 0) text: The WOODED AREA behind the Graham house. It’s snowing. A drum circle seems to be in progress somewhere unseen. Repetitive, minimal PERCUSSION (like subdued war drums) thumps faintly and steadily in the distance. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 147 Silence. Max’s barking has STOPPED. Peter’s eyes blink OPEN from his deep sleep. He bolts up a start. He’s in his room, under the covers. He squints with pain. He reaches to touch his nose, but discovers the heavy plaster bandage. Outside Peter’s window: the TREEHOUSE. A dim, golden ligh like candlelight - flickers from within. Peter stares at it. The drums are barely heard in the b.g They will continue. The drums are momentarily drowned out by the sound of a C DRIVING BY outside. Its HEADLIGHTS gently illuminate Pete room, scanning the walls (in pale blue) as the car drifts For the briefest moment, in this fleeting light, we see.. ANNIE, still wearing her nightgown, in the top corner of room. She seems to be FLOATING WEIGHTLESSLY. She’s so elevated, in fact, that her head is turned to the side an her cheek pressed against the ceiling. 148 111. There’s something still and composed about her; something resolutely NOT Annie. Her eyes are WIDE and her face expressionless. She’s behind Peter, STARING at his back. doesn’t notice. The car has now passed, and the room is obscured again in darkness. Annie is no longer clearly visible. Peter senses something behind him. He pauses, listens. Th he begins to TURN. Annie, back pressed against the wall, scrambles (in a sil panic) across the wall and OUT the door. She seems to be WALKING across the wall’s surface. Peter looks back just as Annie has left. He didn’t see he Peter climbs out of bed. He goes to leave the bedroom.
103) 0) text: Peter stops at the doorway. His eyes travel across the wa to finally come to... The FIREPLACE. The last of a dim fire (mostly embers) crackles in the pit. And lying before the fireplace is... A CHARRED, BLACK CORPSE. It lies twisted on the rug. Peter stands frozen, trying to discern what it is. He tak reluctant step forward and slowly approaches the dark fig Peter finally comes close enough to SEE... The body’s HEAD has been violently AMPUTATED. The PINK/RE the exposed neck contrasts garishly with the crisped whol The body is on its back, arched and contorted. Peter looks at the HANDS. The fingers are curled into desperate claws. One finger bears STEVE’S WEDDING RING. Peter opens his mouth to scream, but all that comes out i muted gust of air. Tears well in his eyes. He can’t even summon the strength to look away. And above him... ANNIE is huddled up into a corner of the ceiling. Her fac twisted with grief and fear, and she is shaking her head “no, no, no, no, no” — as if pleading with the back of Peter’s head, like a frightened animal. She holds PIANO W pulling it taut with both hands. Wringing blood. Peter FREEZES, sensing something behind him. He slowly tu but not toward Annie... Peter looks to the other corner of the room. The CLOSET D is cracked open. Peter SQUINTS at it. Standing in the dar closet, barely visible, is a MAN IN A RED CLOAK - staring him. Peter is paralyzed. He then SENSES something in the corner of the ceiling - w Annie was. His eyes scan tensely to the corner, but Annie now GONE. 151 152 153 113. Pregnant silence. Suddenly, from behind Peter, Annie BURSTS SCREAMING out o the darkness, dashing towards him. Peter RUNS squealing out of the room. He sprints for the STAIRS. Peter bounds up the staircase, but at the top step, he tr over his own foot. He crashes to his knees, scrambling to back up. Behind him, we hear Annie pursuing. Peter races madly through the HALLWAY. The attic hatch is inexplicably OPEN. He dashes for the ATTIC STAIRS. He runs up the stairs and immediately RETRACTS them - jus Annie reaches him. Peter manages to pull the attic hatch SHUT, almost catching Annie’s bloody fingers.
105) 0) text: Annie is UPSIDE DOWN and straddling the ceiling (as thoug gravity were no longer a thing). She pulls at the attic k SLAMMING her head into the hatch. She bangs her head crazily against the ceiling, over and over. With every strike, she POUNDS her forehead harder a more wildly against the hatch - like a mad bull, trying t break through by sheer force.
107) 0) text: Peter has landed face-first into the SNOW. Small shards o glass are embedded all over his body, but nothing too serious. Peter lies motionless for a long time. We cut WIDE to a BIRD’S EYE VIEW looking down on Peter. H lies face-down in the blue-white snow, inanimate. The win blows softly. We HOLD on this peaceful, static wide. After a moment, a SHADOW floats gracefully across the snow. It belongs to Annie, who must be above us - but the shadow seems headle The shadow drifts out of frame, followed by the vague, familiar STREAK OF LIGHT. The light, however, STOPS at Pe It dances on his back... steadies... disappears into him. After a moment, Peter’s head RISES languidly from the sno His face is marked by a few minor GASHES (from the glass) looks up, EYES STRANGELY CALM. They even look a bit cloud He looks ahead to the TREEHOUSE... PETER’S POV: Annie’s floating body has arrived at the treehouse, which is still glowing by candlelight. She asc into it. For a split-second, before she disappears into t treehouse, we see that ANNIE HAS NO HEAD. Peter rises to his feet, hollow-eyed. His gaze trained on treehouse. He seems to be in some sort of TRANCE - much l the trance that Charlie entered earlier. After a moment o standing, staring at the treehouse...Peter CLICKS HIS TON With that, he begins walking slowly toward the treehouse. He passes MAX'S DEAD CARCASS, sprawled across a snow-buri garden. As Peter nears the treehouse, he looks up to its OPEN WINDOW... Through the window, from Peter’s low-angle POV: a birdcag hangs from the treehouse ceiling. It houses a manic WHIPPOORWILL. We cut to a WIDE of the treehouse as Peter arrives at the tree’s base. Peter pauses. Looks up. After a beat, he begins to leaden climb up.
108) 0) text: Peter, having scaled the tree, pokes his head through the floor-hatch and climbs in. 116. The walls are lined with black candles, and before Peter several MEN AND WOMAN (some elderly, some middle-aged) BO on their knees, foreheads against the floor. They are all dressed in RED CLOAKS. Standing behind Peter (on the opposite side of the treeho is the terrible object of their reverence. He turns to se A GIANT, 6’ WOOD-FIGURE MANIKIN. Placed atop its shoulder (in lieu of a head) is CHARLIE’S DECAPITATED HEAD - now i advanced state of decomposition. The nose is still smashe in, much of the face is black with rot, and it wears asil CROWN. One hand grips a wooden SCEPTER. The manikin’s oth hand is raised to extend its first two fingers and thumb; third and fourth fingers are bent (like a Christ figure). Bowing at the foot of the manikin is ANNIE’S HEADLESS TOR blood pooling at the neck. Beside her corpse, also prostrated, is ANNIE’S MOTHER’S HEADLESS CORPSE (still dressed in white silk, but in a worse state of decay). Peter's eyes are WIDE, but still blank. They are FIXED on Charlie’s head. He looks more confused than horrified. Peter turns around to face the groveling red-cloaked worshippers. They now seem to be bowing in his direction. Among the worshippers is JOAN - her forehead pressed to t floor. Peter, unnerved, looks away. He notices... A photo portrait of ANNIE’S MOTHER on the wall. She sits upright and her expression is severe. The frame bears an engraving: “Queen Leigh” We come to a CLOSE-UP of Peter. He looks confused and sca (although not in a way that feels like Peter). We will HO on this CU for the remainder of the scene. The sound of someone RISING. This person (Joan) shuffles Peter to lift the crown off of Charlie’s head. She then c to stand (now off-screen) before Peter. After a moment, t CROWN enters frame to be placed ceremoniously onto Peter' head. Peter has TENSED up, desperately avoiding eye contact wit Joan. He SENSES something behind him. He looks back (and pan-tilt) to see... The headless corpses of Peter’s family are now inexplicab bowing in his direction. Peter turns forward again - overwhelmed. He looks trapped Trembling. His milky eyes are welling with tears. 117.