10) 0) text: Recess. The DEAD PIGEON lies pathetically in the bushes below Charlie’s classroom window. Charlie stands nearby, staring at the pigeon. After some time, she fishes a pair of SCISSORS from her parka pocket (These are the scissors from her teacher's desk.) Charlie extends the scissors, fits the blades around the pigeon’s neck, and SNIPS OFF ITS HEAD. Charlie quickly POCKETS the pigeon head, and looks up to notice: An OLDER WOMAN (60s) sitting on a bench, just beyond the schoolyard fence. She is gazing at Charlie, sentimental. Charlie gawks at the woman, unnerved. Without breaking ey contact, she pulls a chocolate bar from her pocket. In the b.g., PETER walks past, joined by Brendan. Seeing chocolate, Peter casually asserts: 15 16 17 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 16.
16) 0) text: At the end of the hall, a very depleted Annie has just finished scaling the stairs. In the f.g., Peter’s door eases shut. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 24 Peter's laptop is open. The browser displays BRIDGET’S FACEBOOK PAGE. (Peter has been going through her photos.) Behind that, another page displays “POPULAR CAREER INTERESTS.” Peter walks from the door (which he just closed) to his d He grabs a small water pipe, packed with marijuana, and w to the window. As Peter takes a hit from his pipe, his smartphone vibrat with a TEXT. He checks it. From “Brendan”: Holy shit. Huge party tomorrow at Aaron’s house. Bring your dick!
63) 0) text: Peter walks absent-mindedly down the hall. THREE STONER B (including Brendan) are walking toward him, huddled and giggling. They notice Peter.
63) 1) dialog: Yo, Pete.
63) 3) dialog: (whispering) You wanna join us for a walk? On “walk,” he mimes pinching a joint with his thumb and forefinger.
64) 0) text: Peter sits under the BLEACHERS with the three stoners. Th pass around a PIPE packed with weed. Brendan takes a hit.
64) 1) dialog: (looking at his phone) Am I the only one who’s Facebook friends with Becky? Brendan passes the pipe to Peter.
64) 3) dialog: Facebook friends, bitch! (back to his point) Oh my God, her statuses... Oh my God, dude, I know.
64) 4) dialog: Every ten seconds! Peter LIGHTS the bowl and takes a reluctant hit.
64) 5) dialog: “I'm going to the bathroom now.” 5:45. “Just got back from the bathroom!” 5:46. Peter COUGHS OUT a lungful of pot smoke. He immediately l regretful.
64) 15) dialog: No, man, don’t freak out. You just smoked too much. No, I think I need a doctor. My tongue is getting bigger. Peter is crying now.
64) 18) dialog: Look, dude: you’re breathing. See? You're just really high. Peter is trying to calm down.
64) 19) dialog: See? You’re okay. You just got too high. (rubbing his back) You're okay, dude. You’re breathing. Stoner #2 and Stoner #3 exchange “holy shit” looks.