9) 5) dialog: Arrogance. This piques Peter’s interest.
9) 7) dialog: Because he literally refuses to look at all the signs that are being literally handed to him the entire play. Peter’s in love.
16) 0) text: At the end of the hall, a very depleted Annie has just finished scaling the stairs. In the f.g., Peter’s door eases shut. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 24 Peter's laptop is open. The browser displays BRIDGET’S FACEBOOK PAGE. (Peter has been going through her photos.) Behind that, another page displays “POPULAR CAREER INTERESTS.” Peter walks from the door (which he just closed) to his d He grabs a small water pipe, packed with marijuana, and w to the window. As Peter takes a hit from his pipe, his smartphone vibrat with a TEXT. He checks it. From “Brendan”: Holy shit. Huge party tomorrow at Aaron’s house. Bring your dick!
27) 8) dialog: Oh. Hey. Peter steps toward her. A brief pause.
27) 10) dialog: (sarcastic) Why? You wanna know if you should come?
27) 12) dialog: (shrugs ) Whatever.
27) 14) dialog: Okay, I’1ll see you here. Another awkward pause.
27) 16) dialog: Smoke what? Peter pinches into his pocket. He reveals the top of a ro up BAG OF MARIJUANA.
27) 17) dialog: (not seeing) Is that tobacco or weed?
27) 19) dialog: ("why not?”) I could get more high. She stands up.
27) 20) dialog: The other room has a bong. 38 31. Bridget gestures for him to follow her. Peter starts to w but then notices Charlie following him.
28) 0) text: Two BOYS - one Hispanic and one blonde - are in the room, watching videos on a tablet. Bridget enters, addressing t 39 40 32.
28) 1) dialog: Hey guys, Peter has weed. The boys turn to Peter. Peter immediately deflates.
30) 0) text: Peter sits on the bed, beside Bridget. He packs marijuana into the bowl of a large bong.
30) 1) dialog: That was your sister, right?
30) 4) dialog: I actually saw her drawing me last week.
30) 6) dialog: Yeah, she made me look crazy.
50) 0) text: Peter sits in the back of class as a teacher drones on at blackboard. The teacher’s voice is distant and vague, as heard from UNDER WATER. Peter’s EYES are busy with nagging, obsessive thoughts. T narrow upward to his right. We flash briefly to an INSERT of the family car’s REAR VI MIRROR (from Peter’s POV) on the night of the accident. T mirror is in focus, but whatever’s in the BACK SEAT (Charlie's headless body) is blurry and just out of the mirror’s view. We return to the CLASS. Peter snaps out of his reverie to BRIDGET looking at him. Their eyes briefly MEET before sh quickly turns back to the teacher. Peter’s eyes HARDEN.
94) 7) dialog: (terrified) Can he breathe?! A spit-bubble forms on Peter’s lips as he struggles hopelessly to speak. But then-- Peter’s head is SLAMMED FACE-DOWN into his desk. It holds there, trembling with tension. His face is SMEARED across desktop, as if a great pressure is being applied to the b of his head. One can almost hear Peter’s nose CRUNCHING. Peter’s head suddenly swings back up, as if being YANKED the hair. He is held upright for a moment, revealing that eyes are pitch-red with tears. His nose is also bleeding lightly. He looks extremely disoriented.