2) 0) text: Steve pokes his head into the treehouse, where he finds: CHARLIE - a plump, androgynous fourteen year old girl - l asleep on the floor. She wears a parka and pajama bottoms Beside her is a DRAWING PAD and an open SHOEBOX.
2) 3) dialog: (getting up) It’s okay.
3) 0) text: A moderately attended FUNERAL. (A large group of MEN AND WOMEN observe from the back.) Before the altar, an OPEN CASKET rests beside a blown up photo of the deceased ELLEN LEIGH, Annie’s 75 year old mother. Annie, Steve, Charlie (now wearing an oversized black dre over her pajama bottoms) and Peter sit in the first row o chairs. They listen as a LARGE WOMAN (60s) speaks in remembrance of Ellen.
4) 0) text: Steve is at the wheel, driving back home. Annie sits passenger, and Peter and Charlie sit in the back. They dr past a gathering of DEER.
4) 8) dialog: No!
4) 10) dialog: (quietly) I don’t like going back without grandma.
4) 12) text: Charlie just tenses up, eyes narrowing onto the floor.
5) 0) text: The house is unlit and seemingly vacant. Off-screen, we hear FEET SCURRYING and a DOOR CLOSING. Ma the golden retriever, BARKS in reaction to this. A moment later, the front door opens and the Graham famil enters. They stamp the snow off their boots and remove th coats. Max runs up, desperate to greet them. Steve bends down to happily receive him. Charlie moves toward the stairs, still wearing her boots.
6) 31) dialog: I dunno.
6) 33) dialog: (looking away) No I wasn’t.
6) 35) dialog: She said I was supposed to be a boy. Annie knows this. She hesitates, wanting to say the right thing.
6) 38) dialog: (looking away, quietly) Who’s gonna take care of me?
6) 40) dialog: But when you die...
8) 0) text: Charlie’s “special needs” class. Scrawled on the blackboard are the words “Quiet means Silence!” and all the students are indeed silent as they a quiz. The TEACHER (40s) walks along the rows of desks, overlook the quiz-takers. He comes to CHARLIE, whose quiz is upsid down. In her lap, she is assembling a small manikin’s bod with disparate found objects (wood, metal, cardboard, etc
8) 1) dialog: Are you done? (looking up, startled) What?
8) 2) dialog: .--Almost.
8) 4) dialog: ...Okay. The teacher gently turns the quiz right-side-up. Charlie extremely tense through this. 13 13. Suddenly a PIGEON flies into the window, slamming its hea The impact breaks its neck. The classroom erupts with excitement - “Oh my God!” “Did see that?!” - but not Charlie. She stares tensely at her desk, still disturbed by the teacher's interference. Charlie’s EYES scan up. They alight on a pair of SCISSORS the Teacher’s desk.
10) 0) text: Recess. The DEAD PIGEON lies pathetically in the bushes below Charlie’s classroom window. Charlie stands nearby, staring at the pigeon. After some time, she fishes a pair of SCISSORS from her parka pocket (These are the scissors from her teacher's desk.) Charlie extends the scissors, fits the blades around the pigeon’s neck, and SNIPS OFF ITS HEAD. Charlie quickly POCKETS the pigeon head, and looks up to notice: An OLDER WOMAN (60s) sitting on a bench, just beyond the schoolyard fence. She is gazing at Charlie, sentimental. Charlie gawks at the woman, unnerved. Without breaking ey contact, she pulls a chocolate bar from her pocket. In the b.g., PETER walks past, joined by Brendan. Seeing chocolate, Peter casually asserts: 15 16 17 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 16.
13) 0) text: Charlie sits in her treehouse. She lays the severed pigeo head into her SHOEBOX. Inside this box are three other SEVERED ANIMAL HEADS. One belongs to a rabbit, one to a r one to a squirrel. (The heads are in different stages of decomposition; flies buzz about.) Down below, Annie is heard:
13) 4) dialog: (defensively) Why??
17) 0) text: A WIDE of the house. In the foreground seems to be someon SHOULDER. Pot smoke is blown out of Peter’s window, followed by a b fit of COUGHING. INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - THE NEXT DAY 26 Charlie, dressed in her pajamas and munching on M&Ms, sit her desk. She’s is finishing the torso for another small human manikin. The limbs are made of different scraps. To the side of Charlie’s sculpture-in-progress is the SEV PIGEON HEAD. Beside that is Charlie’s drawing pad, open t unfinished STILL LIFE of the pigeon head. And on the far of the desk: a crude, bare stage for an unfinished DIORAM 27 28 29 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 24. As she works, Charlie makes the CLICKING SOUND with her tongue. Suddenly, a GLINT of light sweeps the room in a quick FLA Charlie ceases drawing. Her clicking STOPS. Disturbed by flash, she raises her head and HOLDS. Listening for something? After a beat, Charlie rises from her seat and walks to th WINDOW. It’s snowing outside. She stands there for a long time, her back to us. She’s STARING at something...
19) 0) text: The vast WOODED AREA behind the Graham house. It is still snowing. Charlie, wearing regular shoes and no coat (and still dre in her pajamas), takes wide steps as she slogs through th snow. She gazes listlessly ahead, as if in a TRANCE. She's bein drawn toward something. Like she’s sleepwalking with open eyes. Max, the family dog, follows happily behind. A FIRE is he crackling in the distance. Is this what she’s walking tow We cut to an EXTREME HIGH ANGLE - almost bird's eye. This reveals that Charlie seems to be following a FRESH PATH O FOOTPRINTS (source unknown) leading off-screen. INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - SAME TIME 29 Annie is now WORKING INTENSELY on one of her miniatures. looks very anxious. Peter appears at the door.
20) 0) text: Peter goes to Charlie’s room. She’s not there. He calls o 31 32 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 26.
22) 0) text: Charlie is still walking through the snow. She sees in th DISTANCE, almost too far away to distinguish... A ring of BURNING TORCHES has been set up. Within this ri an OLD WOMAN'S INANIMATE BODY (dead?) stands erect - tied a pole, with her arms strapped to outstretched planks. Th body is dressed in FINE WHITE SILK. It looks like Ellen L (Charlie's grandmother), but it’s too far away to quite t Charlie squints at this, barely reacting, when--
22) 2) dialog: Charlie looks to ANNIE, who is running in her direction. Charlie steps toward Annie.
22) 6) dialog: (under her breath) I want grandma. 27.
23) 0) text: Annie and Charlie return. Annie aggressively stamps the s off her boots.
23) 2) dialog: What party?
23) 4) dialog: (evasive) That’s okay.
23) 6) dialog: Why?
23) 8) dialog: With who? With your brother! With other kids! Peter has stepped into the hall. He nods, as if to say “y come along,” but his eyes are very uninviting.
23) 9) dialog: (as if to challenge Peter) ...Fine.
25) 0) text: Peter is tense at the wheel. He drives the speed limit. Peter’s eyes drift to the REAR VIEW MIRROR... Charlie, sitting in the back, CLICKS her tongue. Peter’s eyes narrow resentfully back onto the road. The car passes a TELEPHONE POLE. Just an average telephon pole. But we HOLD on it for a second longer than feels necessary. Hyper-attentive viewers might notice that a sm SIGIL has been carved into it.
26) 0) text: A large, modern house. The windows feature glimpses of a party, filled with circulating kids. Peter and Charlie walk up the driveway. Charlie, suddenly very nervous, starts slowing down.
26) 1) dialog: Maybe I don’t have to go in... Peter stops.
26) 3) dialog: It's okay. I can just stay out here.
26) 5) dialog: (not looking at him) So you just go. I’1l be out here.
27) 0) text: The house is bustling. In the KITCHEN, two girls pull a C from the oven. Another girl (working on the frosting) CHO up loads of WALNUTS on a chopping board. ECU of the nuts being brutalized. In the LIVING ROOM, Peter stands awkwardly with Charlie. Charlie grips her drawing pad. AARON (17), a preppy-looking kid, walks suspiciously over Peter. This is Aaron’s house.
27) 22) dialog: Nope.
27) 27) dialog: Not to everyone. Yes they are. It’s a party.
27) 28) dialog: I don’t know anyone.
29) 0) text: Charlie steps into the doorway. Extremely shy. Her eyes a magnetized to the CHOCOLATE CAKE as the girls continue handing out slices. One GIRL notices Charlie's fixed eyes. She warmly offers Charlie a slice. Charlie accepts without looking her in t eye.
29) 1) dialog: Thanks. Charlie turns, digging into the cake. (Nuts are visibly a ingredient. )
31) 0) text: Charlie walks around, holding an empty plate, her lips covered in chocolate. She stops for a moment to SWALLOW. pauses, then swallows again. She looks slightly concerned Charlie goes to a stack of RED CUPS and pulls one. She goes to the kitchen faucet and draws herself a cup of water. INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - NIGHT 42 Annie is working on the miniature of the Graham house. Sh plants a freshly-painted FIGURINE of a ghostly old woman bathrobe (clearly Annie’s MOTHER) in the upstairs hall. T figurine looms outside the open door of the master bedroo replica, where figurines of Annie and Steve are asleep in bed.
32) 0) text: The party is still in full swing. Charlie has found her way onto the COUCH and is now assembling a small manikin from disparate parts (from her pocket). Her cheeks look pink and slightly INFLAMED. An allergic reaction to the cake? It looks like she’s on the verge of throwing up, but she keeps her concentration on manikin. A concerned BOY (16) approaches Charlie. Not recognizing she’s a girl:
32) 2) dialog: I’m okay.
32) 4) dialog: Mm-hmm. The Boy hesitantly walks off. Charlie does NOT look good. 44 45 46 34.
33) 0) text: Peter is drawing an impressive bong hit. The door is OPENED by Charlie.
33) 1) dialog: Peter? This is just as Peter finishes inhaling. He COUGHS up smo
33) 5) dialog: It’s hard to breathe. Charlie’s voice is cracked and strange.
33) 7) dialog: (tearing up) My tongue is getting bigger.
34) 0) text: A distraught Peter pulls Charlie to the car. Charlie’s ey bulge and her face is pitch-red. She seems UNABLE TO BREA Peter desperately opens the back door, guides Charlie in, slams the door, and runs to the driver side of the car.
35) 0) text: Peter speeds down the empty HIGHWAY. In the back seat, Charlie GASPS and gurgles for breath. She KICKS at the do and GRASPS at her throat. Tears of pain stream down her f Peter ACCELERATES. Speeding from 60 MPH to 65. 35.
39) 0) text: CHARLIE’S HEAD rests by the side of the road. The nose is completely smashed in. One eye is pitch red and the other milky and opaque. The head is completely covered in ANTS. The halted shriek (from the last shot) ECHOES OFF into th wretched silence of this shot. The sound of THUNDER bridges our cut to:
40) 4) dialog: 
48) 0) text: Peter, wearing his parka and an Elmer Fudd hat, emerges f the back door of the house. He carries his blanket and pi through the light snowfall, heading for the TREEHOUSE. He notes Charlie’s SHOEBOX near the base of the tree (hav been dropped from the treehouse?). Flies are audible insi Peter grips the tree’s climbing handles and scales the tr 65 66 67 68 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 4l.
50) 0) text: Peter sits in the back of class as a teacher drones on at blackboard. The teacher’s voice is distant and vague, as heard from UNDER WATER. Peter’s EYES are busy with nagging, obsessive thoughts. T narrow upward to his right. We flash briefly to an INSERT of the family car’s REAR VI MIRROR (from Peter’s POV) on the night of the accident. T mirror is in focus, but whatever’s in the BACK SEAT (Charlie's headless body) is blurry and just out of the mirror’s view. We return to the CLASS. Peter snaps out of his reverie to BRIDGET looking at him. Their eyes briefly MEET before sh quickly turns back to the teacher. Peter’s eyes HARDEN.
61) 0) text: We push in on an ominous WIDE of Annie lying asleep in Charlie’s treehouse. Two LARGE HEATERS have been set up o either side of her. They burn a BRIGHT ORANGE. 79 80 81 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 47. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 79 Peter lies in bed, awake. Outside his window, Charlie’s treehouse emits an orange glow. A CLICKING SOUND (like Charlie’s tongue-clicking) is sudd heard in the room. Peter FREEZES, now listening for it. A a moment, there’s another CLICK. Peter BOLTS up in bed. His eyes frenziedly scan the room. fixes on a DARK CORNER. A HOODIE SWEATSHIRT hangs on the wall, and for a brief moment, it looks almost like a stan person. Peter continues listening intently for another click... Silence. It has stopped.
62) 0) text: Outside, a beautiful day. Inside, Annie is hard at work. Her eyes are intense - fur even - as she carefully works on the replica of Charlie’s bedroom. She scratches a tiny replica of the word-carving saw earlier ("Satony”) into the wall behind the bed. As s does this, her attention is drawn to a looming POST-IT NO which reads: Call gallery about extending? Annie disregards this. She goes for a new bottle of paint but as she reaches, an open paint bottle is KNOCKED over.
68) 0) text: Annie is at work. Behind her, the door opens and Steve enters. He approaches to see... Annie is working on a new piece: a NEW MINIATURE of the HIGHWAY of Charlie’s accident, including the TELEPHONE PO that took her head. This also features a tiny figurine of Charlie’s decapitated head and a figurine of Peter in the family car.
75) 0) text: The oval dining table has been set with an upturned DRINK GLASS. Beside it is CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD and one of Charlie’s hoodies. The BLACK CANDLE that Joan gave Annie dimly illuminating the table. The WINDOW is open, and it COLD. Peter hugs himself; Steve rubs his arms.
83) 0) text: Through the open door of the workshop (whose lights are n off), Peter is seen TURNING OFF THE LIGHTS in his bedroom looks out into the hall, paranoid, and then shuts the doo Several FLIES adorn the hallway walls. This was seen from ANNIE’S POV. She’s sitting in the dark among the wreckage of her work. She’s still in shock over inexplicable additions to the Graham replica. Suddenly she HEARS the faint sound of a PENCIL VIGOROUSLY SCRATCHING PAPER. It’s coming from down the hall. She hesitates before rising and entering the HALLWAY... More and more flies have collected. They seem especially prominent around the ATTIC DOOR on the ceiling. Noting this, Annie continues to follow the sound of drawi to arrive at... INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 119 The door is open. The lights are OFF. The sound of PENCIL FEVERISHLY SCRATCHING PAPER is heard, although the room i completely empty. Annie stands at the door. She hesitates before turning on light. CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD rests on Charlie’s bed. It’s open t mostly blank page, but a DRAWING IS MATERIALIZING on it. is then FLIPPED (as if by wind) to the next page, where a drawing begins. We can’t yet see the content of the drawi Annie approaches the drawing pad to investigate. Her eyes already buzzing with fear, now widen with HORROR. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 120 The door is closed and the lights are off. Peter is inbed trying to sleep. Silence, save for a buzzing fly. Then... A CLICKING of the tongue. Peter’s eyes OPEN. He slowly lo up, scanning past the bed, to SEE... CHARLIE is standing in the dark corner of the room (where Peter mistook his hoodie for a person). Charlie stares at Peter with unblinking eyes. It’s almost too dark to make out. Another CLICK. 121 122 123 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 94.
86) 0) text: Annie has started a FIRE in the fireplace. (In theb.g., Steve is still asleep on the couch.) Annie clutches Charlie’s drawing pad, gazing into the fir She inhales deeply, holds her breath, and then THROWS the in. At first it resists the flames, but then, the EDGE of sheet begins to BURN. Annie watches this, eyes glued to the fire. But the shoul of her SHIRT has sprouted the tiny beginning of a FLAME. is the same size as the burgeoning flame at the drawing p edge. Annie doesn’t even notice. The flame spreads slowly along the drawing pad’s edge. As this happens, the flame on Annie’s shoulder SPREADS ALONG ARM. Annie notices this and panics. She desperately tries stamp out the fire, but it’s no use. The fireplace-fire starts to CONSUME the edges of the dra pad. Simultaneously, ANNIE’S ARM IS ENGULFED FOR A MOMENT FLAMES. The fire on her arm is mimicking the fire that’s eating the book. Annie SCREAMS, pulls the drawing pad out of the fire, and STAMPS OUT the flames. As she stamps it out, the fire on arm is duly EXTINGUISHED. Annie understands now. She’s tied to the book.
88) 0) text: Peter steps out of his bedroom, backpack slung over his shoulder. He clearly didn’t sleep last night and his eyes buzzing with anxiety. He looks down the hall at the workshop’s DOOR, which is open by the faintest CRACK. He hesitates and walks off. Behind the workshop door: ANNIE stares through the crack, making sure that Peter leaves. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 97. 128 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT BUILDING - THIRD FLOOR - MOMENT Annie, looking frighteningly determined, emerges from the elevator of JOAN’S BUILDING. She’s still wearing her nightgown under a coat. She rushes to JOAN’S DOOR and kno No answer. Annie knocks again, more urgently. 129 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 129 Nobody's home. We are pulling back from the DOOR (as Anni knocking persists) to REVEAL the apartment... It looks mostly the same, but it’s now adorned in cloths drapes that feature various SYMBOLS. One of these is an ORNATE SIGIL (which we recognize as the one on Annie’s necklace). This is the Sigil of PAIMON, and it can now be found all over the room. The TABLE at which Annie and Joan performed the seance (w was then covered in a table-cloth) is now bare, revealing that the tabletop has a LARGE TRIANGLE carved into it (pointing to the northwest). Resting in the middle of the triangle is a PHOTO OF PETER. Beside this is an ATHAME (ritual dagger), a scattering of herbs, and finally... A primitive DIORAMA (the same that we saw earlier on Charlie’s desk, but now finished). Standing center stage crude manikin of a human torso whose head is an actual SEVERED RAVEN HEAD. Atop the head is an aluminum-foil CRO Three other sculptures BOW ON THEIR KNEES to the raven-he figure. Their heads are the severed PIGEON HEAD (now decomposing), a severed RAT HEAD and a severed SQUIRREL H Annie's knocking continues.
93) 0) text: The attic is dank and claustrophobic. There is one window letting in scant moonlight. Otherwise, the space is obscu in utter darkness. Annie pokes her head in. At the foot of the entrance is a FLASHLIGHT. Annie takes it, turns it on, and shines its b into the shadows. Flies are everywhere. Their buzzing permeates the room. 136 101. Waving away the flies, Annie explores the space. It’s fil with discarded pieces of the family’s past. Old cribs, a mattress, toys, etc. Finally, Annie’s FLASHLIGHT dawns on something. A FIGURE lying prostrate in the corner. Annie approaches it. The f get louder. Annie finally gets close enough to SEE... It is a WOMAN’S CORPSE, and upon closer inspection, its H is seen to be MISSING. From the white and wrinkled hands, it’s evident that this was an old woman. She is also wear a WHITE SILK ROBE - identical to the one that Charlie saw corpse wearing earlier in the woods. (Is this Ellen Leigh corpse?) A large TRIANGLE has been drawn in chalk around body. Annie GASPS, staggers back, and bends over to RETCH. As s does so, the flashlight’s beam crosses something on the VAULTED CEILING above the body. Annie pauses before raisi the flashlight. She trains it on the ceiling to reveal... THE SIGIL OF PAIMON has been painted onto the ceiling in dry BLOOD. Flies crawl across its coarse black-red stroke
107) 0) text: Peter has landed face-first into the SNOW. Small shards o glass are embedded all over his body, but nothing too serious. Peter lies motionless for a long time. We cut WIDE to a BIRD’S EYE VIEW looking down on Peter. H lies face-down in the blue-white snow, inanimate. The win blows softly. We HOLD on this peaceful, static wide. After a moment, a SHADOW floats gracefully across the snow. It belongs to Annie, who must be above us - but the shadow seems headle The shadow drifts out of frame, followed by the vague, familiar STREAK OF LIGHT. The light, however, STOPS at Pe It dances on his back... steadies... disappears into him. After a moment, Peter’s head RISES languidly from the sno His face is marked by a few minor GASHES (from the glass) looks up, EYES STRANGELY CALM. They even look a bit cloud He looks ahead to the TREEHOUSE... PETER’S POV: Annie’s floating body has arrived at the treehouse, which is still glowing by candlelight. She asc into it. For a split-second, before she disappears into t treehouse, we see that ANNIE HAS NO HEAD. Peter rises to his feet, hollow-eyed. His gaze trained on treehouse. He seems to be in some sort of TRANCE - much l the trance that Charlie entered earlier. After a moment o standing, staring at the treehouse...Peter CLICKS HIS TON With that, he begins walking slowly toward the treehouse. He passes MAX'S DEAD CARCASS, sprawled across a snow-buri garden. As Peter nears the treehouse, he looks up to its OPEN WINDOW... Through the window, from Peter’s low-angle POV: a birdcag hangs from the treehouse ceiling. It houses a manic WHIPPOORWILL. We cut to a WIDE of the treehouse as Peter arrives at the tree’s base. Peter pauses. Looks up. After a beat, he begins to leaden climb up.
108) 0) text: Peter, having scaled the tree, pokes his head through the floor-hatch and climbs in. 116. The walls are lined with black candles, and before Peter several MEN AND WOMAN (some elderly, some middle-aged) BO on their knees, foreheads against the floor. They are all dressed in RED CLOAKS. Standing behind Peter (on the opposite side of the treeho is the terrible object of their reverence. He turns to se A GIANT, 6’ WOOD-FIGURE MANIKIN. Placed atop its shoulder (in lieu of a head) is CHARLIE’S DECAPITATED HEAD - now i advanced state of decomposition. The nose is still smashe in, much of the face is black with rot, and it wears asil CROWN. One hand grips a wooden SCEPTER. The manikin’s oth hand is raised to extend its first two fingers and thumb; third and fourth fingers are bent (like a Christ figure). Bowing at the foot of the manikin is ANNIE’S HEADLESS TOR blood pooling at the neck. Beside her corpse, also prostrated, is ANNIE’S MOTHER’S HEADLESS CORPSE (still dressed in white silk, but in a worse state of decay). Peter's eyes are WIDE, but still blank. They are FIXED on Charlie’s head. He looks more confused than horrified. Peter turns around to face the groveling red-cloaked worshippers. They now seem to be bowing in his direction. Among the worshippers is JOAN - her forehead pressed to t floor. Peter, unnerved, looks away. He notices... A photo portrait of ANNIE’S MOTHER on the wall. She sits upright and her expression is severe. The frame bears an engraving: “Queen Leigh” We come to a CLOSE-UP of Peter. He looks confused and sca (although not in a way that feels like Peter). We will HO on this CU for the remainder of the scene. The sound of someone RISING. This person (Joan) shuffles Peter to lift the crown off of Charlie’s head. She then c to stand (now off-screen) before Peter. After a moment, t CROWN enters frame to be placed ceremoniously onto Peter' head. Peter has TENSED up, desperately avoiding eye contact wit Joan. He SENSES something behind him. He looks back (and pan-tilt) to see... The headless corpses of Peter’s family are now inexplicab bowing in his direction. Peter turns forward again - overwhelmed. He looks trapped Trembling. His milky eyes are welling with tears. 117.