58) 7) dialog: Are you doing any better?
58) 9) dialog: With your mother...?
58) 12) dialog: Oh. My God. I’m so, so sorry. Brief, heavy silence. Joan stammeringly offers:
58) 13) dialog: Would you like to come in with me? Or we can even just get a coffee. There’s a place down the street.
58) 17) dialog: How old was yours? Annie looks like she’s being held hostage.
58) 19) dialog: Oh God, that’s awful! (matter of fact) My son and my grandson drowned. Four months ago. The little one was seven.
58) 21) dialog: I’ve been coming here for a month now and it has helped. I just wanted to say. It has. It doesn’t make it easier - obviously. But sometimes it just, makes it less lonely.
58) 23) dialog: And I’m gonna embarrass myself now, but if you ever need someone to talk to... Joan writes her PHONE NUMBER onto a piece of paper.
58) 24) dialog: ‘Cause we all do. She hands Annie the phone number.
58) 25) dialog: Just if you need it.
65) 0) text: Annie walks down an urban street, looking for an address. pinches the paper with Joan’s number. On its other side i ADDRESS in Annie’s handwriting. 84 85 86 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50. Annie finds the address. A large, red-brick APARTMENT BUILDING.
66) 0) text: The elevator opens, depositing Annie onto the THIRD FLOOR Annie proceeds down the well-lit hall, arriving at APARTM 316. She knocks. While waiting, Annie looks down. She’s standing on a HAND MADE WELCOME MAT. The word “JOANIE” has been embroidered it. After a moment, the door is opened by JOAN.
66) 1) dialog: Annie! You came!
66) 2) dialog: It’s a little earlier than we . said. Ah, you're perfect. Come in. INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 85 Annie follows Joan in. Joan closes the door behind them. apartment is cheerfully decorated in bright, homey colors Joan rushes off to the KITCHEN, where a TEA KETTLE is whistling. Annie stays by the door.
66) 4) dialog: Oh - it’s cute, right? Joan pulls the kettle off the stove and pours two cups.
66) 6) dialog: Oh really? How funny! Joan sets the tea on the KITCHEN table.
66) 7) dialog: Please. Sit.
66) 11) dialog: When they dragged up my son and grandson, they needed me to identify the bodies. But they didn’t warn me what bodies look like after they've been in the ocean. You can probably imagine - they swell up, get distended, turn grey. I didn’t know that. My son’s eyes were eaten out of his head by fish. And my grandson's face - like a balloon. Annie is looking up at Joan now. They share in this. The grisly details are somehow (in their morbid way) comforti Breaking the spell, Annie pulls a PILL from her purse. Sh downs it with a gulp of TEA. She catches something on her tongue, and pulls a BLACK HERB from her mouth. She pays i mind.
66) 12) dialog: I can sometimes swear I feel them in the room... Do you ever have that?
66) 14) dialog: How’s your relationship with your son? Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 52.
66) 19) dialog: Did your daughter hold it against you? 87 88 53.
66) 21) dialog: (empathic) It’s impossible being a mother. Annie looks at Joan. “Yes it is.”
71) 0) text: Annie pushes a cart down an aisle of miniature building materials. She looks farther down the aisle, and suddenly STOPS, having noticed... JOAN is pushing a cart toward Annie. She hasn’t yet notic Annie. She wears an ECSTATIC SMILE as she giddily scans t chalk section. Confused by Joan’s demeanor (and her presence), Annie war begins to push her cart toward her.
71) 2) dialog: Oh my -- Annie?!
71) 5) dialog: (beaming) Oh Annie. Yes. I’m really good. I’m really really... 64. Annie nods, forcing a smile. She looks concerned for Joan sanity.
71) 6) dialog: Something happened, Annie. I feel completely - turned around.
71) 8) dialog: (laughing) I don’t know if I should even say!
71) 10) dialog: You’re gonna think I’m crazy!
71) 12) dialog: I... Oh God. I... (confidentially ..-met a spiritual medium. Annie affects a patronizing “Oh Wow” expression.
71) 13) dialog: (explaining) They were performing an open seance -- and I know: I know what you’re thinking, but they asked me to attend. They were bringing in skeptics and scientists so they wouldn’t be accused of fraud. But I went, fully skeptical, and what I experienced there was truly... Joan tries to think of a suitably ecstatic adjective.
71) 15) dialog: They brought back the spirit of a man from the 19th century! And not like as a smoke and mirrors thing. The man next to me was a deadly cynical neurologist, and he looked permanently changed by the end of it. Annie makes another “wow” face. 96 65.
71) 16) dialog: And I do know what you’re thinking, Annie - of course - but I approached the medium and I asked her about my son and grandson, and she came to my apartment and she ended up performing a, uh - well - she...conjured my grandson! Annie, still forcing a smile, now looks frightened.
71) 17) dialog: I know what you’re smiling at. I wouldn't believe it myself. I didn’t! But I heard his voice, I felt him in the room. It’s real. Annie’s warped smile is plastered appeasingly to her face
71) 18) dialog: What are you doing right now?
71) 20) dialog: You wanna come over? Annie doesn’t know what to say.
71) 21) dialog: I really think you should. Please. It would be everything if you came. INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - DAY 96 The front door opens and Joan enters, followed uneasily b Annie. Joan smiles widely.
71) 22) dialog: Hello! This “hello” was seemingly directed at the room in genera Joan hustles to the KITCHEN. She takes SWEETGRASS and sme it across the surface of the kitchen table. Also on the t is an UPTURNED DRINKING GLASS.
71) 23) dialog: (to Annie) This is part of it. Annie is hovering outside the kitchen.
71) 24) dialog: Come in. Come in. 66. Annie hesitantly enters. The WINDOW has been blacked out duvateen.
71) 25) dialog: Okay: a few things. First: you shouldn't do this without a medium unless you are a medium. That’s what she told me.
71) 27) dialog: But I told you: I’d been experiencing these...sensations a long time before the medium. I just didn’t know how to explain them! So I tried this last night. This was after the medium was here.
71) 29) dialog: Sit down. Annie is skeptical.
71) 30) dialog: Trust me. Annie sits down.
71) 31) dialog: I’m turning off the light. JOAN TURNS OFF THE LIGHTS.
71) 32) dialog: You okay?
71) 35) dialog: Okay. Put your hand on the glass, but don’t add pressure. Annie lays her hand on the overturned glass. Joan does th same. 67.
71) 36) dialog: I won’t add pressure, either.
71) 38) dialog: Louie? Beat.
71) 39) dialog: Louie, are you here? It’s grandma. A COLD DRAFT crosses the room. Annie gets a tingle. But t window is shut, as is the door.
71) 40) dialog: Louie, if you’re here with us, please just try to slide the glass. (pause) Louie, if you’re here-- The glass SLIDES, barely. Annie jumps, retracting her han
71) 41) dialog: (tears of happiness) Hi Louie!
71) 43) dialog: (continuing) Louie, I’m gonna ask you some questions - okay, sweetie? If the answer's yes, just slide the glass to the right. If it’s no, slide it this way -— (demonstrating) - to the left. Do you understand? The glass SLIDES again, slightly to the right.
71) 45) dialog: Louie, are you okay? The glass slides right again. 68.
71) 46) dialog: Are you in pain? The glass slides to the left. Annie is gripping her chair. She stares unblinkingly at t glass. Suddenly ANNIE’S HAIR IS BRUSHED TO THE SIDE, as if by an invisible hand. She JUMPS. Joan calmly takes Annie’s hand
71) 47) dialog: It’s okay.
71) 49) dialog: Louie, I brought your chalkboard. Remember your chalkboard? The glass budges slightly to the right.
71) 50) dialog: Can you write something? A long moment of inactivity, and THEN... The piece of chalk MOVES (as if by invisible fingers) to scrawl the words “I LOV YU GRANMA” in a young child's handwriting!
71) 51) dialog: Oh Louie, I love you, sweetheart! Joan is crying tears of joy.
71) 53) dialog: What?
71) 55) dialog: (to the room) Louie, we're gonna stop for a second, but I’m coming right back! Joan jumps up and turns on the lights. Annie looks rattle 69.
71) 56) dialog: Are you okay?
71) 58) dialog: I understand. That’s how I reacted at first.
71) 60) dialog: That’s okay. Thank you. I’m sorry. Annie RISES. Joan blows out the candle, grabs it, and shuffles to the kitchen to fetch a sheet of paper. It features a Sanskrit prayer (transcribed in carefully handwritten English). Joan returns to Annie with the paper and the black candle
71) 61) dialog: Here: (handing them to her) If you wanna try this yourself, light the candle and choose one item that belonged to your daughter - that’1l be your link to her. Mine was the chalkboard. That’s my link. And then, when you’re ready - (seriously, re: the paper) - read this out loud - every syllable - very carefully.
71) 63) dialog: I don’t know what language it is. The medium had me read it, too. It’s to make it start. But your whole family - everyone needs to be in the room. Your son. Everyone. Annie uneasily accepts the articles and then turns to lea As she walks toward the door:
71) 64) dialog: You didn’t kill her, Annie. Annie turns sharply to Joan. 97 98 99 100 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 70.
71) 66) dialog: She isn’t gone.
75) 0) text: The oval dining table has been set with an upturned DRINK GLASS. Beside it is CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD and one of Charlie’s hoodies. The BLACK CANDLE that Joan gave Annie dimly illuminating the table. The WINDOW is open, and it COLD. Peter hugs himself; Steve rubs his arms.
88) 0) text: Peter steps out of his bedroom, backpack slung over his shoulder. He clearly didn’t sleep last night and his eyes buzzing with anxiety. He looks down the hall at the workshop’s DOOR, which is open by the faintest CRACK. He hesitates and walks off. Behind the workshop door: ANNIE stares through the crack, making sure that Peter leaves. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 97. 128 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT BUILDING - THIRD FLOOR - MOMENT Annie, looking frighteningly determined, emerges from the elevator of JOAN’S BUILDING. She’s still wearing her nightgown under a coat. She rushes to JOAN’S DOOR and kno No answer. Annie knocks again, more urgently. 129 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 129 Nobody's home. We are pulling back from the DOOR (as Anni knocking persists) to REVEAL the apartment... It looks mostly the same, but it’s now adorned in cloths drapes that feature various SYMBOLS. One of these is an ORNATE SIGIL (which we recognize as the one on Annie’s necklace). This is the Sigil of PAIMON, and it can now be found all over the room. The TABLE at which Annie and Joan performed the seance (w was then covered in a table-cloth) is now bare, revealing that the tabletop has a LARGE TRIANGLE carved into it (pointing to the northwest). Resting in the middle of the triangle is a PHOTO OF PETER. Beside this is an ATHAME (ritual dagger), a scattering of herbs, and finally... A primitive DIORAMA (the same that we saw earlier on Charlie’s desk, but now finished). Standing center stage crude manikin of a human torso whose head is an actual SEVERED RAVEN HEAD. Atop the head is an aluminum-foil CRO Three other sculptures BOW ON THEIR KNEES to the raven-he figure. Their heads are the severed PIGEON HEAD (now decomposing), a severed RAT HEAD and a severed SQUIRREL H Annie's knocking continues.
89) 0) text: Annie ceases knocking. She looks DOWN to notice that she’ standing on... The WELCOME MAT. “JOANIE.” Annie's mind starts racing. She thinks for a moment and t it hits her! Annie RACES back to the elevator. A SCHOOL BELL RINGS, bridging our CUT TO:
90) 2) dialog: 
90) 4) dialog: 
90) 6) dialog: 
90) 8) dialog: 
99) 11) text: Steve can’t listen to this, but Annie desperately draws h attention to the photo of Annie’s Mother being showered i coins by Joan. Annie points at the NECKLACE.
108) 0) text: Peter, having scaled the tree, pokes his head through the floor-hatch and climbs in. 116. The walls are lined with black candles, and before Peter several MEN AND WOMAN (some elderly, some middle-aged) BO on their knees, foreheads against the floor. They are all dressed in RED CLOAKS. Standing behind Peter (on the opposite side of the treeho is the terrible object of their reverence. He turns to se A GIANT, 6’ WOOD-FIGURE MANIKIN. Placed atop its shoulder (in lieu of a head) is CHARLIE’S DECAPITATED HEAD - now i advanced state of decomposition. The nose is still smashe in, much of the face is black with rot, and it wears asil CROWN. One hand grips a wooden SCEPTER. The manikin’s oth hand is raised to extend its first two fingers and thumb; third and fourth fingers are bent (like a Christ figure). Bowing at the foot of the manikin is ANNIE’S HEADLESS TOR blood pooling at the neck. Beside her corpse, also prostrated, is ANNIE’S MOTHER’S HEADLESS CORPSE (still dressed in white silk, but in a worse state of decay). Peter's eyes are WIDE, but still blank. They are FIXED on Charlie’s head. He looks more confused than horrified. Peter turns around to face the groveling red-cloaked worshippers. They now seem to be bowing in his direction. Among the worshippers is JOAN - her forehead pressed to t floor. Peter, unnerved, looks away. He notices... A photo portrait of ANNIE’S MOTHER on the wall. She sits upright and her expression is severe. The frame bears an engraving: “Queen Leigh” We come to a CLOSE-UP of Peter. He looks confused and sca (although not in a way that feels like Peter). We will HO on this CU for the remainder of the scene. The sound of someone RISING. This person (Joan) shuffles Peter to lift the crown off of Charlie’s head. She then c to stand (now off-screen) before Peter. After a moment, t CROWN enters frame to be placed ceremoniously onto Peter' head. Peter has TENSED up, desperately avoiding eye contact wit Joan. He SENSES something behind him. He looks back (and pan-tilt) to see... The headless corpses of Peter’s family are now inexplicab bowing in his direction. Peter turns forward again - overwhelmed. He looks trapped Trembling. His milky eyes are welling with tears. 117.
108) 1) dialog: (quietly, trying to soothe) Hey hey - no no - you're all right... But he is starting to PANIC. His eyes fix fearfully to th floor as his breathing grows erratic. Then:
108) 2) dialog: Hey: hey: Charlie. Peter's breathing HALTS. He looks up to Joan, still trembling. Eyes wide.
108) 3) dialog: You're all right now. A long silence as Peter searches Joan's face for understanding. Peter finally SPEAKS...but he sounds more CHARLIE than Peter.
108) 5) dialog: You are Paimon. One of the eight Kings of Hell. Beat. Peter doesn’t react. He just stares at her, uncomprehending.
108) 6) dialog: We have looked to the northwest and called you in. We’ve corrected your first body and give you now this healthy male host. We reject the Trinity and pray devoutly to you, great Paimon: give us your knowledge of all secret things and all mysteries of the Earth; bring us honor, wealth and good familiars; and bind all men to our Will, as we have bound ourselves for now and ever to Yours. We hear Joan return to her bowing position:
108) 7) dialog: Hail Paimon. Peter’s eyes are buzzing. Then, from behind Joan: 156 118.