9) 0) text: Peter’s English class. The chalkboard reads: Themes - Escaping Fate. - Relationship between knowledge and responsibility. - "No man considered fortunate until he is dead." The teacher, MR. DAVIES (30s), tries to facilitate a grou discussion. He holds a copy of Sophocles’ The Women of Trachis.
9) 1) dialog: So if we're going by the rule that a hero is undone by his fatal flaw, what was Heracles’ flaw?
9) 3) dialog: Wrong play, Sam. And watch your language. Meanwhile, Peter is being hypnotized by BRIDGET (17), the attractive girl sitting in front of him. Peter’s rapt attention is glued to the butt of her jeans.
9) 4) dialog: Come on, guys: What was Heracles’ flaw? Bridget now speaks up:
9) 6) dialog: Okay - why? Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 14.
9) 8) dialog: Okay, interesting! So he thinks he has control.
9) 10) dialog: (to the smart-ass) That’s two strikes, Sam. (back to the class) But also, don’t forget: Sophocles writes it so the oracle is unconditional. Meaning Heracles never had any choice. Right? Peter’s smartphone VIBRATES with a text.
9) 11) dialog: So, does this make it more tragic or less tragic than if he did have a choice?
9) 13) dialog: Okay: Why?
9) 15) dialog: Care to weigh in, Peter? Peter looks up, a deer in headlights.
9) 17) dialog: Is it more tragic if it’s inevitable than if the characters had agency? Peter is not following.
9) 19) dialog: Why?
91) 0) text: Students are returning to class. Peter walks trembling down the hall. Any lingering kids disperse to enter their classrooms. Peter approaches his classroom, a gnawing apprehension taking him over. Suddenly, from behind Peter, a FLASH of light STREAKS acr the length of the hall. It sweeps past Peter. He FREEZES. The light seems to disappear at Peter’s CLASSROOM. Peter stares at the door. Through the door’s window, MR. DAVIES (the teacher) turns see Peter. They lock eyes. Davies smiles expectantly. Feeling pressured, Peter walks to the classroom. He ENTER
94) 0) text: Peter sits at the back of the class. He WRINGS his hands, anxiety mounting. He’s still thinking about the woman (Jo who was yelling at him. Mr. Davies stands at the chalkboard. Written on the board “Punishment brings wisdom.”
94) 1) dialog: So, everyone feels justified: Iphigenia’s murder was commanded by the gods - so really Agamemnon had no choice. And Clytemnestra is driven by revenge, just like Orestes when he returns... Suddenly, Peter hears something behind him. A distant CLICKING of the tongue. We focus in on Peter’s EAR. Separ by a few seconds each, the clicks become clearer and more present with every CLICK. It’s as if the source is nearin Soon it’s loud enough to be RIGHT NEXT TO PETER’S FACE. Suddenly, as seen from behind, PETER’S ARM SPIKES UP INTO AIR. Because we’re behind him, we don’t see Peter’s face. tense arm is HELD there, as if being pulled by an unseen force. The clicking sound continues. Mr. Davies turns to notice Peter.
94) 2) dialog: (calling on him) Peter. 102. Mr. Davies waits, but after a moment, his expression dark into concern.
94) 3) dialog: Peter, are you okay? We now reveal PETER. His face is CONTORTED with terrible stress, as if his head were gripped by an electric vice. eyes are locked open; his eyeballs darting around, as if appealing for help. His hand remains stiffly raised and h seems to have difficulty breathing. In fact, his face is about to turn purple. PETER CLICKS HIS TONGUE. He’s now the one clicking.
94) 4) dialog: Peter. What’s wrong? Bridget, staring at Peter, looks especially disturbed. Pe CLICKS again.
94) 5) dialog: 