0) 0) text: An impressive room serving as an ARTIST’S WORKSHOP. It’s empty, but evidence of frantic creative activity abounds. We PAN across the wall, crossing a series of meticulously hand-crafted DOLLHOUSES, mostly works in progress. As we drift past these unfinished dioramas, our trajectory beco clearer... We are moving in on an extraordinary sculpture of a beautiful, rustic CRAFTSMAN HOME, at 1:8 scale. Its front wall has been removed, exposing its rooms in graphic tableaux. This huge miniature is painstakingly detailed. adorned with shrunken props/decorations (flashlights, pil bottles, shoes, etc.) and teensy furniture, all flawlessl rendered and distinguishable ONLY IN SIZE from their full scale models. We continue to pan/track across the miniature, edging CLO AND CLOSER as we drift along its tiny rooms. We finally arrive at a miniature replica of a TEENAGE BOY’S BEDROOM the second floor. We push towards this until the ROOM FILLS THE FRAME. The bright morning sun beams in through its window. It become apparent that a handsome, skinny BOY is sleeping in the b This is PETER GRAHAM (17). We continue pushing gently in, remaining in a wide of the room (whose status as a miniature has now been confused). door opens and STEVE GRAHAM (47) - tall, broad-shouldered formal - pops his head in. He wears a black suit.
3) 0) text: A moderately attended FUNERAL. (A large group of MEN AND WOMEN observe from the back.) Before the altar, an OPEN CASKET rests beside a blown up photo of the deceased ELLEN LEIGH, Annie’s 75 year old mother. Annie, Steve, Charlie (now wearing an oversized black dre over her pajama bottoms) and Peter sit in the first row o chairs. They listen as a LARGE WOMAN (60s) speaks in remembrance of Ellen.
4) 0) text: Steve is at the wheel, driving back home. Annie sits passenger, and Peter and Charlie sit in the back. They dr past a gathering of DEER.
6) 19) dialog: ‘Night, dad.
6) 21) dialog: Just plucking random strings.
6) 23) dialog: (shrugs ) Yeah. Fine.
6) 27) dialog: Goodnight. I’m sorry about your mom. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 9.
6) 29) dialog: ..-Thank you. Annie smiles, hesitates, and walks off. There’s a very lo tension between these two. After Annie is gone, Peter climbs out of bed to shut the door. He LOCKS it. INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 9 Charlie’s room is that of a young artist. The walls are covered in drawings, and the desks and other surfaces are littered with different HANDMADE HUMAN MANIKINS and SMALL STATUES (all made of disparate parts - mostly found objec Annie sits on the edge of Charlie’s bed. Charlie is under covers. Annie has opened Charlie’s drawing pad to see a CARICATURE of Annie’s mother’s corpse in its casket.
9) 0) text: Peter’s English class. The chalkboard reads: Themes - Escaping Fate. - Relationship between knowledge and responsibility. - "No man considered fortunate until he is dead." The teacher, MR. DAVIES (30s), tries to facilitate a grou discussion. He holds a copy of Sophocles’ The Women of Trachis.
9) 16) dialog: About which part? 14 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 15.
9) 18) dialog: Yes?
9) 20) dialog: .-.-Because he had sex with his mom? Dead air. Mr. Davies gives Peter an unencouraging look. Another student picks up the slack:
10) 0) text: Recess. The DEAD PIGEON lies pathetically in the bushes below Charlie’s classroom window. Charlie stands nearby, staring at the pigeon. After some time, she fishes a pair of SCISSORS from her parka pocket (These are the scissors from her teacher's desk.) Charlie extends the scissors, fits the blades around the pigeon’s neck, and SNIPS OFF ITS HEAD. Charlie quickly POCKETS the pigeon head, and looks up to notice: An OLDER WOMAN (60s) sitting on a bench, just beyond the schoolyard fence. She is gazing at Charlie, sentimental. Charlie gawks at the woman, unnerved. Without breaking ey contact, she pulls a chocolate bar from her pocket. In the b.g., PETER walks past, joined by Brendan. Seeing chocolate, Peter casually asserts: 15 16 17 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 16.
10) 1) dialog: No nuts, Charlie. This makes Charlie freeze up with tension. INT. PSYCHIATRIST’S OFFICE - AFTERNOON 15 Steve’s office is large and sparsely decorated. Steve sits in a leather chair with a notepad resting on h lap. Sitting opposite him is an extremely agitated, depre female PATIENT (40s). Steve studies her non-judgmentally.
11) 5) dialog: Okay.
11) 7) dialog: I don’t think you need to worry about me ever being in that room.
12) 4) dialog: Dad? (extending phone) It’s the cemetery.
16) 0) text: At the end of the hall, a very depleted Annie has just finished scaling the stairs. In the f.g., Peter’s door eases shut. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 24 Peter's laptop is open. The browser displays BRIDGET’S FACEBOOK PAGE. (Peter has been going through her photos.) Behind that, another page displays “POPULAR CAREER INTERESTS.” Peter walks from the door (which he just closed) to his d He grabs a small water pipe, packed with marijuana, and w to the window. As Peter takes a hit from his pipe, his smartphone vibrat with a TEXT. He checks it. From “Brendan”: Holy shit. Huge party tomorrow at Aaron’s house. Bring your dick!
17) 0) text: A WIDE of the house. In the foreground seems to be someon SHOULDER. Pot smoke is blown out of Peter’s window, followed by a b fit of COUGHING. INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - THE NEXT DAY 26 Charlie, dressed in her pajamas and munching on M&Ms, sit her desk. She’s is finishing the torso for another small human manikin. The limbs are made of different scraps. To the side of Charlie’s sculpture-in-progress is the SEV PIGEON HEAD. Beside that is Charlie’s drawing pad, open t unfinished STILL LIFE of the pigeon head. And on the far of the desk: a crude, bare stage for an unfinished DIORAM 27 28 29 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 24. As she works, Charlie makes the CLICKING SOUND with her tongue. Suddenly, a GLINT of light sweeps the room in a quick FLA Charlie ceases drawing. Her clicking STOPS. Disturbed by flash, she raises her head and HOLDS. Listening for something? After a beat, Charlie rises from her seat and walks to th WINDOW. It’s snowing outside. She stands there for a long time, her back to us. She’s STARING at something...
19) 0) text: The vast WOODED AREA behind the Graham house. It is still snowing. Charlie, wearing regular shoes and no coat (and still dre in her pajamas), takes wide steps as she slogs through th snow. She gazes listlessly ahead, as if in a TRANCE. She's bein drawn toward something. Like she’s sleepwalking with open eyes. Max, the family dog, follows happily behind. A FIRE is he crackling in the distance. Is this what she’s walking tow We cut to an EXTREME HIGH ANGLE - almost bird's eye. This reveals that Charlie seems to be following a FRESH PATH O FOOTPRINTS (source unknown) leading off-screen. INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - SAME TIME 29 Annie is now WORKING INTENSELY on one of her miniatures. looks very anxious. Peter appears at the door.
19) 1) dialog: Hey, uh... Annie looks up, visibly annoyed by the disturbance. 25.
19) 2) dialog: .«..do you think I could borrow one of the cars tonight?
19) 4) dialog: Oh, just like a school BBQ thing. Annie continue working on the miniature, breaking intermittently as they speak:
19) 6) dialog: Oh, no, I was still gonna eat here.
19) 7) dialog: Well - you can eat there if you_want. I just didn’t No, I'll eat here. I'd just realize. be going there to hang out. Annie pauses. Her mind is not quite on this right now. Sh takes a moment (pulling herself from her work) to assess questions that need to be asked.
19) 9) dialog: Nobody’s old enough to even get drinks if they wanted to.
19) 11) dialog: Well, I just answered no. Annie looks him hard in the eye before accepting that.
19) 13) dialog: Uh - does she want to go?
20) 0) text: Peter goes to Charlie’s room. She’s not there. He calls o 31 32 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 26.
20) 1) dialog: Charlie?!
21) 0) text: Peter returns to the workshop.
21) 1) dialog: She’s not in the house. Frustrated, Annie throws down her paintbrush:
23) 11) dialog: Great.
23) 13) dialog: Yeah: I really wasn’t going to. 34 35 36 28.
25) 0) text: Peter is tense at the wheel. He drives the speed limit. Peter’s eyes drift to the REAR VIEW MIRROR... Charlie, sitting in the back, CLICKS her tongue. Peter’s eyes narrow resentfully back onto the road. The car passes a TELEPHONE POLE. Just an average telephon pole. But we HOLD on it for a second longer than feels necessary. Hyper-attentive viewers might notice that a sm SIGIL has been carved into it.
26) 0) text: A large, modern house. The windows feature glimpses of a party, filled with circulating kids. Peter and Charlie walk up the driveway. Charlie, suddenly very nervous, starts slowing down.
26) 2) dialog: Why? What’s wrong?
26) 4) dialog: Charlie, you’re the one who wanted to come.
26) 6) dialog: Charlie: If you don’t come in, I have to take you back home, and that’1ll take an hour. 37 29.
27) 0) text: The house is bustling. In the KITCHEN, two girls pull a C from the oven. Another girl (working on the frosting) CHO up loads of WALNUTS on a chopping board. ECU of the nuts being brutalized. In the LIVING ROOM, Peter stands awkwardly with Charlie. Charlie grips her drawing pad. AARON (17), a preppy-looking kid, walks suspiciously over Peter. This is Aaron’s house.
27) 1) dialog: Hey. Hey. Nice house.
27) 3) dialog: Text. Aaron nods, annoyed. He takes an aggressive sip of his dr Peter is uncomfortable.
27) 4) dialog: (forcing conversation) Your parents are out of town? Peter suddenly spots BRIDGET across the room. She sits on COUCH, obviously inebriated, nursing a beer. Completely alone.
27) 6) dialog: What? No. (first thing that comes to mind) I actually have to go to the bathroom. Aaron nods “yeah, whatever." Peter, already backing away, turns to Charlie.
27) 7) dialog: Stay here one second, okay? I’m just going to the bathroom. Peter starts walking. Charlie immediately follows. Peter feigns a trajectory toward the bathroom just behind Bridg As he walks, he pretends to notice her. He affects a surprised face. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 30. PETER (CONT’D) Whoa, hey! What’s up?
27) 9) dialog: How’s the party?
27) 11) dialog: Uh - yeah. What do you think?
27) 13) dialog: Okay, maybe I will.
27) 15) dialog: Do you happen to smoke at all?
27) 18) dialog: Really awesome weed. Bridget considers, and then:
27) 21) dialog: Hey. You wanna stay out here for a second?
27) 23) dialog: Charlie: please: Only for two minutes and then we can hang out. You can draw. Bridget is already at the DOOR to the other room. She loo expectantly at Peter, who turns again (desperately) to Charlie.
27) 24) dialog: Please Charlie, I promise. I just need to do something really quick. Peter then SEES something.
27) 25) dialog: Oh shit. Look: He’s pointing at the KITCHEN. The teen girls are now cutt into a fresh CHOCOLATE CAKE. They hand slices around.
27) 26) dialog: They’re giving out chocolate cake.
27) 27) dialog: Not to everyone. Yes they are. It’s a party.
27) 29) dialog: Nobody does. Just walk over, stand there, and they’1ll give you one. Peter starts walking off, still facing Charlie:
27) 30) dialog: You should hurry, they’re gonna run out, I’1l be right back! Hurry! Peter rushes over to Bridget as she OPENS the door to the other room. Charlie looks nervously to the kitchen.
30) 0) text: Peter sits on the bed, beside Bridget. He packs marijuana into the bowl of a large bong.
30) 2) dialog: Yeah. Charlie. Peter’s cell phone VIBRATES.
30) 5) dialog: Oh yeah?
30) 7) dialog: That’s Charlie. 4l 42 43 33. Peter’s phone VIBRATES again. A yellow “Message Waiting” light blinks. Annie has left a VOICEMAIL.
33) 0) text: Peter is drawing an impressive bong hit. The door is OPENED by Charlie.
33) 2) dialog: (like a chimney) Charlie! Peter immediately hides the bong behind his legs and look Charlie, affecting casualness.
33) 3) dialog: (still spouting smoke) What’s up? Charlie looks scared.
33) 4) dialog: Are you okay?
33) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
34) 0) text: A distraught Peter pulls Charlie to the car. Charlie’s ey bulge and her face is pitch-red. She seems UNABLE TO BREA Peter desperately opens the back door, guides Charlie in, slams the door, and runs to the driver side of the car.
35) 0) text: Peter speeds down the empty HIGHWAY. In the back seat, Charlie GASPS and gurgles for breath. She KICKS at the do and GRASPS at her throat. Tears of pain stream down her f Peter ACCELERATES. Speeding from 60 MPH to 65. 35.
35) 1) dialog: You're okay, Charlie! We’re going to the hospital! Charlie frantically rolls down her window. Desperate for Peter continues accelerating. 70 MPH. Charlie forces her head through the BACK PASSENGER WINDOW She GASPS for breath, but her throat is swollen shut. She can’t even scream. Peter continues accelerating. 75 MPH. Charlie sticks her squealing head even farther out the window. Peter continues accelerating. 80... 85... But THEN-- A grisly DEER CARCASS, smeared across the road, appears i the car’s headlights. Peter SWERVES out of the way. CHARLIE’S HEAD, flailing out of the window, COLLIDES FACE FIRST WITH A TELEPHONE POLE. The impact is so great that Charlie’s head is RIPPED OFF its shoulders. The decapitated head SAILS silently in the car’s wake. Peter STOMPS on the brakes. The car SQUEALS to an ear- splitting halt. The frozen car chugs quietly. Suspended in time. Peter sits motionless. Paralyzed. His eyes are fixed on t road in front of him. In the SIDE-VEW MIRROR, the dead deer (thirty feet back) faintly visible in the car’s brake lights. Bathed in red. Peter doesn’t dare look back. His foot is jammed into the brake. In the back seat, Charlie sits headless. A torso. Peter’s EYES begin to stray toward the REAR-VIEW MIRROR, they STOP before they get there. Peter can’t look. Peter reaches for the rear-view mirror and subtly turns i AWAY. The “Voicemail Waiting” light (from Peter's cell) blinks through the fabric of his jeans pocket. A long moment of silence, and then... 47 48 49 36. Peter’s foot slowly eases OFF the brake pedal. The car begins to slowly idle forward. Peter, eyes locked on the road ahead, allows the car to slowly pick up speed. His demeanor suggests that he’s in great denial. As if he’s saying to himself “it’s okay, nothing happened." The car drives onward. The headless torso rattles gently the back seat.
36) 0) text: The car idles quietly into the driveway. It PARKS beside other family car, but the engine continues humming. The driver door opens, setting off the dull DING-DING-DIN the “door open/engine on” alarm. After a long pause, the engine is turned off. Peter steps out, as if in a dream state. He walks stiffly away from the car and into the house.
37) 0) text: Peter stalks woodenly through the hall. He walks into his bedroom, leaving Annie and Steve to their sleep. Peter climbs into bed, his door left open.
38) 0) text: The next morning. CLOSE-UP on Peter’s face, turned halfway into his pillow. eyes are wide open. Downstairs, we hear Annie pulling on her coat.
43) 0) text: Peter stands (hiding?) in the family library, anxiously massaging his CELL PHONE with his thumb. He looks complet battered by trauma and self-loathing. He observes the wake in the adjacent living room through distortion of the library's textured glass door. He watch Steve shake someone’s hand. A MAN (40s) steps into the library, not expecting to find Peter.
43) 3) dialog: I’m just gonna use the bathroom.
44) 0) text: Peter hastily enters the bathroom and LOCKS the door. He stands frozen for a moment, battling panic. The sounds the wake persist in the other room. Peter turns on the SINK to create white noise. 57 58 59 60 61 39.
47) 0) text: Peter sits on the edge of the tub. The sink is still runn He holds his cell to his ear, listening to VOICEMAIL.
48) 0) text: Peter, wearing his parka and an Elmer Fudd hat, emerges f the back door of the house. He carries his blanket and pi through the light snowfall, heading for the TREEHOUSE. He notes Charlie’s SHOEBOX near the base of the tree (hav been dropped from the treehouse?). Flies are audible insi Peter grips the tree’s climbing handles and scales the tr 65 66 67 68 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 4l.
49) 0) text: Peter climbs in. He lays out his blanket and lies down, positioning his pillow under his head. Now situated, he begins to close his eyes, but before they can shut, he SE something behind him. He slowly look back to SEE: ANNIE IS SLEEPING IN THE CORNER, bundled up in blankets. Startled, Peter STAGGERS out of his blanket, GRABS his things, and rushes frantically out of the treehouse. In h haste, his foot SLIPS OFF one of the wet climbing handles falls to land HARD on his back. In pain, Peter rises and limps back toward the house. WE SLOWLY DISSOLVE FROM THIS TO...
50) 0) text: Peter sits in the back of class as a teacher drones on at blackboard. The teacher’s voice is distant and vague, as heard from UNDER WATER. Peter’s EYES are busy with nagging, obsessive thoughts. T narrow upward to his right. We flash briefly to an INSERT of the family car’s REAR VI MIRROR (from Peter’s POV) on the night of the accident. T mirror is in focus, but whatever’s in the BACK SEAT (Charlie's headless body) is blurry and just out of the mirror’s view. We return to the CLASS. Peter snaps out of his reverie to BRIDGET looking at him. Their eyes briefly MEET before sh quickly turns back to the teacher. Peter’s eyes HARDEN.
57) 0) text: Annie sits in the blue family car, parked in the driveway (The green car - the “accident” car - is now permanently gone.) Annie is trying to work up the nerve to start the engine. Then, in the SIDE-VIEW MIRROR, she sees: Peter rides his BICYCLE up the driveway. He arrives at th front porch, but stays on the bike. He doesn’t see Annie. Annie has TENSED UP. She sits motionless for fear of bein seen, eyes LOCKED on Peter. He stands for a long time at front door, preparing to face his family. Annie watches as Peter continues to gather himself. He finally takes a decisive breath, gets off the bike, and quietly enters the house. 74 43. Annie remains tense. She turns on the car’s IGNITION.
61) 0) text: We push in on an ominous WIDE of Annie lying asleep in Charlie’s treehouse. Two LARGE HEATERS have been set up o either side of her. They burn a BRIGHT ORANGE. 79 80 81 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 47. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 79 Peter lies in bed, awake. Outside his window, Charlie’s treehouse emits an orange glow. A CLICKING SOUND (like Charlie’s tongue-clicking) is sudd heard in the room. Peter FREEZES, now listening for it. A a moment, there’s another CLICK. Peter BOLTS up in bed. His eyes frenziedly scan the room. fixes on a DARK CORNER. A HOODIE SWEATSHIRT hangs on the wall, and for a brief moment, it looks almost like a stan person. Peter continues listening intently for another click... Silence. It has stopped.
63) 0) text: Peter walks absent-mindedly down the hall. THREE STONER B (including Brendan) are walking toward him, huddled and giggling. They notice Peter.
63) 2) dialog: Hey. 82 48.
64) 0) text: Peter sits under the BLEACHERS with the three stoners. Th pass around a PIPE packed with weed. Brendan takes a hit.
64) 12) dialog: I feel like I can’t breathe.
64) 14) dialog: I feel like I’m having a reaction.
64) 15) dialog: No, man, don’t freak out. You just smoked too much. No, I think I need a doctor. My tongue is getting bigger. Peter is crying now.
64) 17) dialog: (scared) I dunno.
67) 0) text: Steve is chopping carrots at the kitchen island. Peter is heard ENTERING in the foyer.
67) 2) dialog: (voice cracked) My friend dropped me.
67) 5) dialog: I will tomorrow. You need to, Peter! That’s coming up! INT. PETER’S ROOM - DAY 88 Peter lies in bed, on his side. He looks ready to burst b into tears. Steve knocks on the door. Pokes his head in.
67) 8) dialog: (deflecting) Are you? Pause.
67) 10) dialog: Like what?
67) 12) dialog: What are you feeling?
67) 15) dialog: About what?
67) 17) dialog: So are you!
67) 19) dialog: So why aren’t you, then?
67) 24) dialog: (warming up to it?) .».-And you think I need to go?
67) 26) dialog: Maybe later.
67) 28) dialog: Okay. Steve nods for a long time. Trying to think of anything e
68) 0) text: Annie is at work. Behind her, the door opens and Steve enters. He approaches to see... Annie is working on a new piece: a NEW MINIATURE of the HIGHWAY of Charlie’s accident, including the TELEPHONE PO that took her head. This also features a tiny figurine of Charlie’s decapitated head and a figurine of Peter in the family car.
69) 0) text: Annie, Steve and Peter sit at the dinner table. A fourth divides Annie and Peter. Annie is fuming from her last interaction with Steve. Beside her glass: an unswallowed 57.
69) 1) dialog: This is really good, dad. Annie balks to herself. Peter tenses.
69) 3) dialog: (with an edge) You okay, mom? Annie turns to Peter.
69) 5) dialog: Is there something on your mind? Annie can’t believe this.
69) 7) dialog: It just looks like you might want to say something.
69) 10) dialog: I have never rolled my eyes Oh sweetie - you don’t have at you. to. You get the point across.
69) 11) dialog: (suddenly defiant) Okay. So say what you wanna say, then.
69) 16) dialog: So try again. Release yourself.
69) 18) dialog: So fine, so release me! What do you wanna say? Fuckin’ say it! Annie explodes out of her seat.
69) 20) dialog: And what about you, mom? (long pause, then) I didn’t want to take her...and she didn’t want to go... So why was she there? Annie looks at him. Incredulous. She is boiling with rage but...this has also hit her somewhere deep. She’s despera avoided facing this question since the accident.
69) 52) dialog: Do you blame me, too?
69) 56) dialog: Mom doesn’t think so.
69) 58) dialog: She wasn't driving the car.
69) 60) dialog: (through helpless tears) I didn’t even care about her...! That’s how it happened...! Steve is momentarily overwhelmed.
69) 62) dialog: (boiling with self- hatred) I_should be dead. At least she could draw. She made things. I don’t do anything.
69) 64) dialog: (burying his face in his pillow) I’m nothing. I do nothing. Steve, looking helpless, rests his hand on Peter’s head. Peter WEEPS. Steve is also crying now.
69) 65) dialog: (into his pillow) I’m sorry!
73) 4) dialog: What?
73) 7) dialog: It’s okay. Annie bends over to envelop him in a hug.
73) 9) dialog: I was just having a nightmare.
73) 11) dialog: Do what?
74) 0) text: Annie walks down the hall. Steve and Peter follow warily behind.
74) 1) dialog: (whispering) Dad?
75) 0) text: The oval dining table has been set with an upturned DRINK GLASS. Beside it is CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD and one of Charlie’s hoodies. The BLACK CANDLE that Joan gave Annie dimly illuminating the table. The WINDOW is open, and it COLD. Peter hugs himself; Steve rubs his arms.
75) 12) dialog: On what?
75) 22) dialog: (to Steve) It’s okay, Dad. I'll stay.
75) 32) dialog: (to Steve) What the hell?
75) 34) dialog: You don’t feel that?
75) 36) dialog: Like a - flexing. In the air. 76. THE DRINKING GLASS SUDDENLY MOVES. Peter and Steve retract their hands.
75) 41) dialog: Mom. Intensely focused, Annie points to the pad.
75) 46) dialog: Mom, what is this? 77.
75) 55) dialog: Mom? ! (very scared) lom? !
75) 58) dialog: (horrified) Mom?
75) 61) dialog: (to Steve) (like Charlie) I don’t like this. What’s happening?!
75) 62) dialog: (to Steve) Dad! I don’t like this!
75) 65) dialog: (crying) Mommy? ! Annie is crying now, too.
75) 67) dialog: Please, dad! (helpless)
75) 73) dialog: can’t take anymore
75) 76) dialog: (like Charlie) Peter, what’s going on? Where’s mom? Stop it!
76) 0) text: Steve has pulled Annie outside. He’s very aggressive. Ann has wiped the water off her face with a towel. In the b.g Peter watches from a window.
77) 0) text: The trail of ants is leading clearly to PETER’S BEDROOM. door is open. (There is the faint sound of Max’s barking, if heard from a great distance.) 107 INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 107 Annie enters Peter’s bedroom. The queue of ants continues toward Peter’s bed. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 82. They crawl up the bed post and onto the mattress, continu up Peter’s leg and across his body - all the way up to hi neck. Annie draws closer. As she approaches, it becomes horribl apparent... THE BLACK ANTS HAVE COMPLETELY ENVELOPED PETER’S HEAD AND FACE.
77) 1) dialog: Mom! What are you doing?! CLOSE-UP OF ANNIE’S FACE. Her expression goes from horrif to confused. She looks up, unnerved, and takes in her surroundings. We cut WIDE to reveal: Annie is standing in Peter’s dark room, but Peter is now sitting up in bed. There are no ants. It was all a dream?
77) 3) dialog: You were sleepwalking. There is no audible room tone and the dialogue is strange CRISP, as though being spoken in a dreamy vacuum. The onl other sound is Max's distant BARKING. Annie looks extremely confused and afraid.
77) 6) dialog: Why are you scared of me?
77) 9) dialog: (emotional) Why not?
77) 11) dialog: Then why did you have me?
77) 13) dialog: How?
77) 15) dialog: How?
77) 17) dialog: You tried to kill me? Annie, also crying, shakes her head.
77) 19) dialog: Why did you try to kill me? We cut back to Annie, revealing that she's now drenched i paint thinner, too.
78) 0) text: Peter sits tensely in the back corner of his classroom. The teacher stands at the blackboard, leading the class through an algebra lesson. Peter’s mind is a storm. He’s brought fiercely into the present, however, when a strange, barely perceptible glin LIGHT (we've seen this before) FLASHES across the room. T light ends at the WINDOW next to Peter. Peter looks around. Nobody else noticed it. Peter blinks few times, concerned that he might be seeing things. He t back to the window to see... Peter’s REFLECTION is staring pointedly back at him. The color drains from Peter’s face. He looks weakly back his own reflection, whose eyes HARDEN bitterly against hi Overwhelmed, Peter abruptly STANDS UP, distracting the teacher.
78) 2) dialog: (confused) I - have to go to the bathroom. 112 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 85. Aware of Peter’s recent trauma, the Teacher is careful to extra-sensitive.
78) 5) dialog: (almost whispering) Dad?
78) 7) dialog: Something’s at the school.
79) 0) text: Steve and Peter enter through the front door. A bad SMELL immediately hits them.
80) 0) text: Peter goes to his room, closing the door behind him. Steve walks up to the WORKSHOP’s door. He opens it withou knocking.
83) 0) text: Through the open door of the workshop (whose lights are n off), Peter is seen TURNING OFF THE LIGHTS in his bedroom looks out into the hall, paranoid, and then shuts the doo Several FLIES adorn the hallway walls. This was seen from ANNIE’S POV. She’s sitting in the dark among the wreckage of her work. She’s still in shock over inexplicable additions to the Graham replica. Suddenly she HEARS the faint sound of a PENCIL VIGOROUSLY SCRATCHING PAPER. It’s coming from down the hall. She hesitates before rising and entering the HALLWAY... More and more flies have collected. They seem especially prominent around the ATTIC DOOR on the ceiling. Noting this, Annie continues to follow the sound of drawi to arrive at... INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 119 The door is open. The lights are OFF. The sound of PENCIL FEVERISHLY SCRATCHING PAPER is heard, although the room i completely empty. Annie stands at the door. She hesitates before turning on light. CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD rests on Charlie’s bed. It’s open t mostly blank page, but a DRAWING IS MATERIALIZING on it. is then FLIPPED (as if by wind) to the next page, where a drawing begins. We can’t yet see the content of the drawi Annie approaches the drawing pad to investigate. Her eyes already buzzing with fear, now widen with HORROR. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 120 The door is closed and the lights are off. Peter is inbed trying to sleep. Silence, save for a buzzing fly. Then... A CLICKING of the tongue. Peter’s eyes OPEN. He slowly lo up, scanning past the bed, to SEE... CHARLIE is standing in the dark corner of the room (where Peter mistook his hoodie for a person). Charlie stares at Peter with unblinking eyes. It’s almost too dark to make out. Another CLICK. 121 122 123 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 94.
83) 1) dialog: Charlie? A long silence. Charlie slowly opens her MOUTH, but then head DROOPS forward and rolls OFF her shoulders. It tumbl to the floor and rolls toward Peter, but when it rolls in block of moonlight (cast from the window), it’s revealed be a Nerf basketball. Peter glares at the ball. A quiet GROWLING is heard from door. Peter looks up. The door is now OPEN and Max stands in the doorway. He se to be disturbed by Peter - or rather, by something standi behind Peter.
83) 2) dialog: (terrified) What is it, Max? Suddenly TWO HANDS materialize from behind Peter’s head. grab his face, grasping under his chin. They TUG BACK on head, as if trying to yank it off. Peter SCREAMS. Max runs in to attack, but the DOOR SLAMS IN HIS FACE.
85) 3) dialog: What are you doing?! 124 95.
85) 5) dialog: You were pulling on my head!
85) 9) dialog: I saw Charlie in the corner and then you started pulling on my head.
88) 0) text: Peter steps out of his bedroom, backpack slung over his shoulder. He clearly didn’t sleep last night and his eyes buzzing with anxiety. He looks down the hall at the workshop’s DOOR, which is open by the faintest CRACK. He hesitates and walks off. Behind the workshop door: ANNIE stares through the crack, making sure that Peter leaves. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 97. 128 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT BUILDING - THIRD FLOOR - MOMENT Annie, looking frighteningly determined, emerges from the elevator of JOAN’S BUILDING. She’s still wearing her nightgown under a coat. She rushes to JOAN’S DOOR and kno No answer. Annie knocks again, more urgently. 129 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 129 Nobody's home. We are pulling back from the DOOR (as Anni knocking persists) to REVEAL the apartment... It looks mostly the same, but it’s now adorned in cloths drapes that feature various SYMBOLS. One of these is an ORNATE SIGIL (which we recognize as the one on Annie’s necklace). This is the Sigil of PAIMON, and it can now be found all over the room. The TABLE at which Annie and Joan performed the seance (w was then covered in a table-cloth) is now bare, revealing that the tabletop has a LARGE TRIANGLE carved into it (pointing to the northwest). Resting in the middle of the triangle is a PHOTO OF PETER. Beside this is an ATHAME (ritual dagger), a scattering of herbs, and finally... A primitive DIORAMA (the same that we saw earlier on Charlie’s desk, but now finished). Standing center stage crude manikin of a human torso whose head is an actual SEVERED RAVEN HEAD. Atop the head is an aluminum-foil CRO Three other sculptures BOW ON THEIR KNEES to the raven-he figure. Their heads are the severed PIGEON HEAD (now decomposing), a severed RAT HEAD and a severed SQUIRREL H Annie's knocking continues.
90) 0) text: LUNCH TIME. It’s overcast, dark and windy. Students mill about in flapping clothes. Just beyond the high school fence is a ROAD with heavy traffic. PETER is seated at an empty table near the fence eating (or rather, not eating) the cafeteria food. 132 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 98. The TRAFFIC NOISE is loud and imposing. Peter LISTENS to losing himself in the white noise. But there’s something looming underneath the traffic noise... It's like a distant YELLING, but too distant to make out. Slowly it becomes clearer, more distinct. It’s a WOMAN’S VOICE and it’s yelling “Peter.” Peter looks up. Where is it coming from?
90) 5) dialog: Peter looks back at her. They MEET EYES.
90) 9) dialog: INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - DAY 132 Annie runs in from the hallway. She rushes to the BOXES marked “Mom’s Things.” She opens first box and finds a HAND-EMBROIDERED WELCOME MAT. It’s exact same style as Joan’s. Embroidered into it is the na “ANNIE”. Under that is another mat, bearing the name “CHARLES” and featuring the now-familiar sigil of PAIMON. Annie goes to the next box. She dig through a collection herbs and oils, and beneath those, she finds a familiar hardback: NOTES ON SPIRITUALISM. Below this, a couple oth hardbacks: one that appears to be a GRIMOIRE (book of spe and the other titled INVOCATIONS. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 99. INVOCATIONS’ cover features an esoteric sigil. Annie open the book to find that it’s filled with vivid etchings of DEMONIC POSSESSION RITUALS. Annie goes to a MARKED PAGE. It features an illustration beastly man with a hulking body and a strangely effeminat face. He rides a dromedary and wears a crown. Tied to his is a collection of SEVERED HEADS. Behind him is a queue o frolicking ghouls, all headless and all playing instrumen A title reads “King Paimon (God of Mischief)." Annie finds a HIGHLIGHTED PARAGRAPH: "When successfully invoked, Paimon will possess the most vulnerable host. On when the ritual is complete will Paimon be locked into hi ordained host. Once locked in, a new ritual is required t unlock the possession." A sentence underlined in pencil reads: "Paimon is Male, t covetous of a male human body." The next page features an etching of a man sitting atopa mountain of treasure. A caption reads: “The riches to the conjurer." Annie comes to the TITLE PAGE of the book. There isa handwritten NOTE. It reads: My darling, dear, beautiful Annie, Forgive me all the things I could not tell you, as TI truly could not. Please don’t hate me and try not to despair your losses. You will see in the end that they were worth it. Our sacrifice will pale next to the rewards. Love, Mommy Mortified, Annie throws the book into the box, and digs deeper to find TWO PHOTO ALBUMS, familiarly titled “Memories.” Annie flips through one of the albums. For a while, nothi of note. But then she FINDS something... A PHOTO of ANNIE’S MOTHER, 20 years younger, standing wit JOAN, also 20 years younger. They both wear replicas of Annie's NECKLACE - the one bearing the now-familiar sigil Paimon. Stunned, Annie continues through the photo album. She fin SEVERAL MORE PHOTOS FEATURING JOAN, who's often standing the background. Always wearing the necklace. She and Anni Mother were evidently close friends. Another photo: Annie’s mother guides a baby bottle into B CHARLIE’s mouth. The bottle’s milk is polluted with black herbs. 133 134 135 100. Finally, Annie comes to a particularly bizarre photo. It features Joan pouring gold/silver coins over Annie’s Moth head. Annie’s Mother, wearing a tiara, is weeping/laughin tears of joy. They are surrounded by an intimate, APPLAUD audience.
91) 0) text: Students are returning to class. Peter walks trembling down the hall. Any lingering kids disperse to enter their classrooms. Peter approaches his classroom, a gnawing apprehension taking him over. Suddenly, from behind Peter, a FLASH of light STREAKS acr the length of the hall. It sweeps past Peter. He FREEZES. The light seems to disappear at Peter’s CLASSROOM. Peter stares at the door. Through the door’s window, MR. DAVIES (the teacher) turns see Peter. They lock eyes. Davies smiles expectantly. Feeling pressured, Peter walks to the classroom. He ENTER
94) 0) text: Peter sits at the back of the class. He WRINGS his hands, anxiety mounting. He’s still thinking about the woman (Jo who was yelling at him. Mr. Davies stands at the chalkboard. Written on the board “Punishment brings wisdom.”
94) 8) dialog: 
97) 0) text: Steve is now driving home. PETER is asleep in the back se His nose is HEAVILY BANDAGED and his eyes are black and b Steve looks at the rear-view mirror while he drives. Watc his son sleep. Steve looks back to the road to see -- he’s about to runa red light. He STOMPS on the brake. Despite the harsh stop, Peter remains asleep. Steve grips the wheel, on the edge of his seat. A moment tense silence and then: the floodgates open. Steve starts CRYING, overwhelmed. After a moment of this, he regains composure. The light goes GREEN. INT. ANNIE’S CAR - LATE AFTERNOON 142 Annie is still waiting anxiously in her car. Steve’s car is seen pulling into the Graham driveway. Ann heaves a relieved sigh - “finally!” But then she notices Steve is pulling an unconscious Peter out of the back sea She sees Peter’s bandaged nose and PANICS. Annie jumps out of the car and bounds over. She’s grippin her mother’s photo album.
100) 0) text: The WOODED AREA behind the Graham house. It’s snowing. A drum circle seems to be in progress somewhere unseen. Repetitive, minimal PERCUSSION (like subdued war drums) thumps faintly and steadily in the distance. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 147 Silence. Max’s barking has STOPPED. Peter’s eyes blink OPEN from his deep sleep. He bolts up a start. He’s in his room, under the covers. He squints with pain. He reaches to touch his nose, but discovers the heavy plaster bandage. Outside Peter’s window: the TREEHOUSE. A dim, golden ligh like candlelight - flickers from within. Peter stares at it. The drums are barely heard in the b.g They will continue. The drums are momentarily drowned out by the sound of a C DRIVING BY outside. Its HEADLIGHTS gently illuminate Pete room, scanning the walls (in pale blue) as the car drifts For the briefest moment, in this fleeting light, we see.. ANNIE, still wearing her nightgown, in the top corner of room. She seems to be FLOATING WEIGHTLESSLY. She’s so elevated, in fact, that her head is turned to the side an her cheek pressed against the ceiling. 148 111. There’s something still and composed about her; something resolutely NOT Annie. Her eyes are WIDE and her face expressionless. She’s behind Peter, STARING at his back. doesn’t notice. The car has now passed, and the room is obscured again in darkness. Annie is no longer clearly visible. Peter senses something behind him. He pauses, listens. Th he begins to TURN. Annie, back pressed against the wall, scrambles (in a sil panic) across the wall and OUT the door. She seems to be WALKING across the wall’s surface. Peter looks back just as Annie has left. He didn’t see he Peter climbs out of bed. He goes to leave the bedroom.
101) 0) text: As Peter enters the hallway, a SHARP CLANGING SOUND is he downstairs. Peter freezes. A sustained REVERB fills the house. It sounded like it came from a piano. Peter remains motionless, listening.
101) 1) dialog: Dad? Flies are everywhere. Peter walks over to his parents’ BEDROOM. He peers in. It’s empty. He turns back to the hall.
101) 2) dialog: Mom? Dad? Peter looks up at the ATTIC HATCH, now closed. The SOUND FLIES is especially aggressive up there. He then notices that ANNIE’S MOM’S BEDROOM DOOR IS OPEN. looks inside. EMPTY. He closes the door. Peter continues warily down the hall. He approaches the stairs.
101) 3) dialog: Hello? Peter leans to peer down the stairs. He sees nothing. He slowly proceeds downward. 149 150 112.
102) 0) text: Peter arrives at the bottom of the stairs. The foyer is empty. Peter notices the PIANO. It seems to have been tampered w The lid is open and a couple of the wires have been SNAPP Peter carefully walks through the foyer, eyes scanning around. Paranoia building. He approaches the LIVING ROOM, which is faintly illuminat by an off-screen flame.
103) 0) text: Peter stops at the doorway. His eyes travel across the wa to finally come to... The FIREPLACE. The last of a dim fire (mostly embers) crackles in the pit. And lying before the fireplace is... A CHARRED, BLACK CORPSE. It lies twisted on the rug. Peter stands frozen, trying to discern what it is. He tak reluctant step forward and slowly approaches the dark fig Peter finally comes close enough to SEE... The body’s HEAD has been violently AMPUTATED. The PINK/RE the exposed neck contrasts garishly with the crisped whol The body is on its back, arched and contorted. Peter looks at the HANDS. The fingers are curled into desperate claws. One finger bears STEVE’S WEDDING RING. Peter opens his mouth to scream, but all that comes out i muted gust of air. Tears well in his eyes. He can’t even summon the strength to look away. And above him... ANNIE is huddled up into a corner of the ceiling. Her fac twisted with grief and fear, and she is shaking her head “no, no, no, no, no” — as if pleading with the back of Peter’s head, like a frightened animal. She holds PIANO W pulling it taut with both hands. Wringing blood. Peter FREEZES, sensing something behind him. He slowly tu but not toward Annie... Peter looks to the other corner of the room. The CLOSET D is cracked open. Peter SQUINTS at it. Standing in the dar closet, barely visible, is a MAN IN A RED CLOAK - staring him. Peter is paralyzed. He then SENSES something in the corner of the ceiling - w Annie was. His eyes scan tensely to the corner, but Annie now GONE. 151 152 153 113. Pregnant silence. Suddenly, from behind Peter, Annie BURSTS SCREAMING out o the darkness, dashing towards him. Peter RUNS squealing out of the room. He sprints for the STAIRS. Peter bounds up the staircase, but at the top step, he tr over his own foot. He crashes to his knees, scrambling to back up. Behind him, we hear Annie pursuing. Peter races madly through the HALLWAY. The attic hatch is inexplicably OPEN. He dashes for the ATTIC STAIRS. He runs up the stairs and immediately RETRACTS them - jus Annie reaches him. Peter manages to pull the attic hatch SHUT, almost catching Annie’s bloody fingers.
104) 0) text: Peter LOCKS the floor’s hatch. There is a mad POUNDING fr beneath.
106) 0) text: Peter stands in the dark, screaming and crying as the pounding persists. It keeps growing harder, faster, more insane - until it STOPS. Peter listens... Nothing. Just the shrill cacophony of buzzing flies. Beside him, at his feet, is a dwindling BL CANDLE.
106) 1) dialog: (terrified) Mommy ? Peter looks up. BLACK CANDLES HAVE BEEN SET UP ALL AROUND ATTIC. Their flames dimly illuminate the clutter. Peter now looks to the CORNER that earlier enshrined the headless corpse. The corpse is now gone, but something ti has replaced it. The distance and weak light preclude Pet from identifying it. 114. Peter begins to approach the corner, tears streaming. He the bloody sigil on the vaulted ceiling above. As he walk the buzzing gets LOUDER, more concentrated. Peter continues warily toward the corner, his fear rising The buzzing has gotten even louder. Finally Peter gets cl enough to SEE... In the center of the chalk-etched triangle is a PHOTOGRAP PETER WITH HIS EYES X’d OUT. Stunned and confused, Peter REELS back, knocking over a candle. The corner goes dark. Peter is weeping uncontroll now. He starts backing away, toward the room’s center. Hi eyes remain glued to his photograph. PETER (CONT’D) (to himself, crying) Please. This isn’t happening. You need to wake up. Peter’s teeth are chattering. He’s hyperventilating. His trembling silhouette is framed by the WINDOW behind him. Outside the window: dreamy snowfall. Peter continues backing up, but something makes him FREEZ prolonged GROAN, accompanied by the sound of WIRE being wrapped and tightened around FLESH. It’s coming from a so about twenty feet away, BEHIND him. This is followed by a swifter, HARSHER SOUND - like a saw being dragged through flesh. A pregnant PAUSE and then the sound REPEATS. A bri pause and it REPEATS again. Peter slowly turns around. His eyes travel up to SEE... ANNIE has somehow gotten in. She floats weightlessly in t air. (She is faintly illuminated by a candle below her.) has looped the PIANO WIRE around her own NECK, which is already straining blood. She TUGS on one end of the wire. SAWS through her neck. She TUGS on the other end of the w It saws even deeper.
106) 2) dialog: Mommy ! Annie keeps sawing, FASTER and HARDER and with more ruthl persistence. The sawing sound is horrible. Peter, screami TURNS away, only to see: A MIDDLE-AGED BLONDE MAN, dressed in a red cloak, near Pe He’s SMILING giddily. (We will recognize him as the man w was smiling at Charlie at Annie’s mother’s funeral.) Behi him, two SMILING OLDER WOMEN. They are crouched together, illuminated by a nearby candle-flame.
107) 0) text: Peter has landed face-first into the SNOW. Small shards o glass are embedded all over his body, but nothing too serious. Peter lies motionless for a long time. We cut WIDE to a BIRD’S EYE VIEW looking down on Peter. H lies face-down in the blue-white snow, inanimate. The win blows softly. We HOLD on this peaceful, static wide. After a moment, a SHADOW floats gracefully across the snow. It belongs to Annie, who must be above us - but the shadow seems headle The shadow drifts out of frame, followed by the vague, familiar STREAK OF LIGHT. The light, however, STOPS at Pe It dances on his back... steadies... disappears into him. After a moment, Peter’s head RISES languidly from the sno His face is marked by a few minor GASHES (from the glass) looks up, EYES STRANGELY CALM. They even look a bit cloud He looks ahead to the TREEHOUSE... PETER’S POV: Annie’s floating body has arrived at the treehouse, which is still glowing by candlelight. She asc into it. For a split-second, before she disappears into t treehouse, we see that ANNIE HAS NO HEAD. Peter rises to his feet, hollow-eyed. His gaze trained on treehouse. He seems to be in some sort of TRANCE - much l the trance that Charlie entered earlier. After a moment o standing, staring at the treehouse...Peter CLICKS HIS TON With that, he begins walking slowly toward the treehouse. He passes MAX'S DEAD CARCASS, sprawled across a snow-buri garden. As Peter nears the treehouse, he looks up to its OPEN WINDOW... Through the window, from Peter’s low-angle POV: a birdcag hangs from the treehouse ceiling. It houses a manic WHIPPOORWILL. We cut to a WIDE of the treehouse as Peter arrives at the tree’s base. Peter pauses. Looks up. After a beat, he begins to leaden climb up.
108) 0) text: Peter, having scaled the tree, pokes his head through the floor-hatch and climbs in. 116. The walls are lined with black candles, and before Peter several MEN AND WOMAN (some elderly, some middle-aged) BO on their knees, foreheads against the floor. They are all dressed in RED CLOAKS. Standing behind Peter (on the opposite side of the treeho is the terrible object of their reverence. He turns to se A GIANT, 6’ WOOD-FIGURE MANIKIN. Placed atop its shoulder (in lieu of a head) is CHARLIE’S DECAPITATED HEAD - now i advanced state of decomposition. The nose is still smashe in, much of the face is black with rot, and it wears asil CROWN. One hand grips a wooden SCEPTER. The manikin’s oth hand is raised to extend its first two fingers and thumb; third and fourth fingers are bent (like a Christ figure). Bowing at the foot of the manikin is ANNIE’S HEADLESS TOR blood pooling at the neck. Beside her corpse, also prostrated, is ANNIE’S MOTHER’S HEADLESS CORPSE (still dressed in white silk, but in a worse state of decay). Peter's eyes are WIDE, but still blank. They are FIXED on Charlie’s head. He looks more confused than horrified. Peter turns around to face the groveling red-cloaked worshippers. They now seem to be bowing in his direction. Among the worshippers is JOAN - her forehead pressed to t floor. Peter, unnerved, looks away. He notices... A photo portrait of ANNIE’S MOTHER on the wall. She sits upright and her expression is severe. The frame bears an engraving: “Queen Leigh” We come to a CLOSE-UP of Peter. He looks confused and sca (although not in a way that feels like Peter). We will HO on this CU for the remainder of the scene. The sound of someone RISING. This person (Joan) shuffles Peter to lift the crown off of Charlie’s head. She then c to stand (now off-screen) before Peter. After a moment, t CROWN enters frame to be placed ceremoniously onto Peter' head. Peter has TENSED up, desperately avoiding eye contact wit Joan. He SENSES something behind him. He looks back (and pan-tilt) to see... The headless corpses of Peter’s family are now inexplicab bowing in his direction. Peter turns forward again - overwhelmed. He looks trapped Trembling. His milky eyes are welling with tears. 117.
108) 4) dialog: Who am I? A loaded pause from Joan. Then: