0) 0) text: An impressive room serving as an ARTIST’S WORKSHOP. It’s empty, but evidence of frantic creative activity abounds. We PAN across the wall, crossing a series of meticulously hand-crafted DOLLHOUSES, mostly works in progress. As we drift past these unfinished dioramas, our trajectory beco clearer... We are moving in on an extraordinary sculpture of a beautiful, rustic CRAFTSMAN HOME, at 1:8 scale. Its front wall has been removed, exposing its rooms in graphic tableaux. This huge miniature is painstakingly detailed. adorned with shrunken props/decorations (flashlights, pil bottles, shoes, etc.) and teensy furniture, all flawlessl rendered and distinguishable ONLY IN SIZE from their full scale models. We continue to pan/track across the miniature, edging CLO AND CLOSER as we drift along its tiny rooms. We finally arrive at a miniature replica of a TEENAGE BOY’S BEDROOM the second floor. We push towards this until the ROOM FILLS THE FRAME. The bright morning sun beams in through its window. It become apparent that a handsome, skinny BOY is sleeping in the b This is PETER GRAHAM (17). We continue pushing gently in, remaining in a wide of the room (whose status as a miniature has now been confused). door opens and STEVE GRAHAM (47) - tall, broad-shouldered formal - pops his head in. He wears a black suit.
0) 1) dialog: All right, Petey. Wake up time. Peter stirs awake. Steve drops a folded-up BLACK SUIT AND on the foot of the bed.
0) 2) dialog: Here’s your suit. MAX, the family’s golden retriever, shuffles happily in through the door.
0) 3) dialog: Did your sister sleep in her room last night?
1) 0) text: Wide on the house, revealing that it is IDENTICAL to the miniature that we saw in the workshop. The surrounding landscape is blanketed with SNOW. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 2. Steve exits a back door to approach a very large TREEHOUS It is joined to a sturdy oak and hovers fifteen feet abov the ground. We are subtly BOOMING DOWN from this wide vie (as Steve begins to climb the tree) to arrive at a parked - one of two family cars - in the foreground. Sitting in the passenger seat is a bereaved woman (45). S wears all black, and is beautiful in a worn way. This is ANNIE GRAHAM, and she looks emotionally exhausted. She wears a delicate NECKLACE bearing an ORNATE SIGIL, wh she compulsively fingers.
2) 0) text: Steve pokes his head into the treehouse, where he finds: CHARLIE - a plump, androgynous fourteen year old girl - l asleep on the floor. She wears a parka and pajama bottoms Beside her is a DRAWING PAD and an open SHOEBOX.
2) 1) dialog: Oh my God, Charlie. Are you crazy? Charlie wakes up, her nose pink and runny. When she notic Steve, she frantically reaches to SHUT the shoebox.
2) 2) dialog: This is how you get pneumonia!
2) 4) dialog: Your mom’s in the car already, we're late.
3) 0) text: A moderately attended FUNERAL. (A large group of MEN AND WOMEN observe from the back.) Before the altar, an OPEN CASKET rests beside a blown up photo of the deceased ELLEN LEIGH, Annie’s 75 year old mother. Annie, Steve, Charlie (now wearing an oversized black dre over her pajama bottoms) and Peter sit in the first row o chairs. They listen as a LARGE WOMAN (60s) speaks in remembrance of Ellen.
4) 0) text: Steve is at the wheel, driving back home. Annie sits passenger, and Peter and Charlie sit in the back. They dr past a gathering of DEER.
4) 2) dialog: Ha. Well, if you could...! Peter EYES the back of Annie’s head. She seems to grate o his nerves. Meanwhile, Charlie is back to making clicking noises with her tongue. She does this while unwrapping a CHOCOLATE BAR.
4) 4) dialog: Yeah, that was weird.
5) 0) text: The house is unlit and seemingly vacant. Off-screen, we hear FEET SCURRYING and a DOOR CLOSING. Ma the golden retriever, BARKS in reaction to this. A moment later, the front door opens and the Graham famil enters. They stamp the snow off their boots and remove th coats. Max runs up, desperate to greet them. Steve bends down to happily receive him. Charlie moves toward the stairs, still wearing her boots.
5) 1) dialog: Hey hey -- shoes off. Charlie pulls off her boots. She and Peter start separate up the stairs. Steve, looking down, notices dried FOOT-PR around the foyer.
5) 2) dialog: (calling out) See? What’s with all these footprints? I’m tired of reminding everybody.
6) 0) text: Annie is at her work desk. It’s a mess of paints, props, pieces, etc. She wears magnifying eye-glasses as she carefully paints eyes onto a SMALL DOCTOR FIGURINE for a MINIATURE HOSPICE. A figurine of an old woman - presumabl Annie’s mother - lies in a miniature hospital bed. Steve enters, disrupting Annie’s focus.
6) 1) dialog: How's it going?
6) 3) dialog: Still toiling on the hospice? Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 7.
6) 5) dialog: How far are we now? Seven months?
6) 7) dialog: Yow. Comin’ up. Her eyes widen with stress.
6) 8) dialog: Any title ideas yet? Annie grabs her laptop and pulls up a PDF for a poster promoting an upcoming EXHIBITION of her artwork. It featu a photo of a magnificent living room miniature. Below thi are the words “TITLE HERE” in bold, followed by “The Work Annie Leigh.”
6) 9) dialog: This is the photo they wanna use. Ooh, I love that one.
6) 11) dialog: What do you think of that? Annie looks at him, incredulous. “Are you serious?”
6) 12) dialog: No good?
6) 14) dialog: (conceding) Yeah. A little trite.
6) 16) dialog: You want me to put that stuff in the attic?
6) 18) dialog: Goodnight, kiddo.
6) 20) dialog: ..-What you playing?
6) 22) dialog: (nods, then) You feeling okay about everything?
6) 24) dialog: Little sad? Peter shrugs again. He clearly wasn’t fond of Ellen.
6) 25) dialog: Yeah. I know. (pause) Okay, buddy. Love you. Steve KISSES in Peter’s direction. Peter kisses back. Ste walks off, leaving the door open. A moment later, Annie walks up to the doorway, still wear her magnifying eye-glasses. She’s holding a prop in one h a fine paintbrush in the other.
7) 3) dialog: Oh no. With what? Annie pauses. Thinks about telling him. Steve looks interested/slightly worried. Annie thinks better of it.
7) 4) dialog: . No? She smiles “nah.”
7) 6) dialog: (before she can pull away ) Mm, mm - no you don’t. He EXTENDS the kiss, making it last. Then:
7) 7) dialog: Goodnight.
10) 2) dialog: And how’s the anger?
10) 4) dialog: (optimistic) So not as consuming?
10) 6) dialog: And how’s your appetite been? With the Serafem...versus the Lexapro. INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - DAY 16 Annie's laptop is open to a website: “Discernment of Pres Apparitions.” Annie, sitting at the Graham house model, is carefully painting a MINIATURE LAPTOP, featuring the very same webs INT. ANNIE’S MOTHER’S BEDROOM - DAY 17 We are looking through the open door into the HALL. Downstairs, the front door is heard opening.
10) 7) dialog: Hello!
11) 0) text: Steve sits on the couch, having just turned on the news. still wearing his coat. Annie enters.
11) 2) dialog: What? No.
12) 0) text: Steve is at Annie’s Mother’s door. He LOCKS IT (by key) f the outside.
12) 2) dialog: Not at all. Illustrating that it’s locked, Steve tries turning the kn Annie smiles.
12) 6) dialog: I‘ll see. (into phone) Hi... Yeah... Steve walks down the hall to create distance between him Annie. Now irked, Annie walks off.
12) 7) dialog: (into phone, warily) Okay.... And what does “desecrated” mean? (listens, then - shocked) What? It's only been a week. ANNIE steps back into the hall, now wearing a coat. Steve nervously accelerates:
12) 8) dialog: (into phone) Okay. All right. Can I actually call you back?... Okay, fine. Steve hangs up.
12) 9) dialog: What was it? Nothing. Just billing crap. Annie looks skeptical. Steve notices Annie’s COAT. He gives her an inquiring loo
12) 11) dialog: Okay. Right now?
12) 13) dialog: ..-Want me to join?
12) 15) dialog: Okay...great. I think you should. Annie smiles “thanks.”
12) 17) dialog: Where else? Annie knows what that means. She immediately looks frustrated.
12) 18) dialog: Let it go. It’s wasted energy.
12) 19) dialog: It’s below 30 outside! So let her catch a cold. Maybe she needs one.
31) 0) text: Charlie walks around, holding an empty plate, her lips covered in chocolate. She stops for a moment to SWALLOW. pauses, then swallows again. She looks slightly concerned Charlie goes to a stack of RED CUPS and pulls one. She goes to the kitchen faucet and draws herself a cup of water. INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - NIGHT 42 Annie is working on the miniature of the Graham house. Sh plants a freshly-painted FIGURINE of a ghostly old woman bathrobe (clearly Annie’s MOTHER) in the upstairs hall. T figurine looms outside the open door of the master bedroo replica, where figurines of Annie and Steve are asleep in bed.
37) 0) text: Peter stalks woodenly through the hall. He walks into his bedroom, leaving Annie and Steve to their sleep. Peter climbs into bed, his door left open.
38) 2) dialog: I’m good, baby. Drive safe.
40) 0) text: A STORM rages outside. Annie and Steve’s bedroom door is cracked open. We barely ANNIE lying in bed, WEEPING and MOANING. Steve, sitting o the bed, consoles her. He tries to feed her a pill.
41) 0) text: An overcast day. A sad gathering of mourners. Annie, Pete and Steve stand lost among them. We are at a distance. The COFFIN (in profile) is being lowered into the ground. We are booming down to FOLLOW th sinking casket (keeping it centered), and as the coffin descends into the earth, so do we. We slowly creep down, losing sight of the cemetery and the mourners. We continu tracking down along the DIRT and the EARTHWORMS and the WEEDS, Sinking deeper and deeper into the dark, wet soil. Soon we are swallowed up again in BLACK. 53 54 55 56 38.
42) 0) text: THE WAKE. Everything seems slightly opaque, as if seen through glass. Glossed over by grief. People stand uneasily and talk in hushed tones. STEVE stands in a daze, politely (but absently) accepting condolences. INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 54 Annie lies in bed, facing the wall. Her back is tous.
43) 0) text: Peter stands (hiding?) in the family library, anxiously massaging his CELL PHONE with his thumb. He looks complet battered by trauma and self-loathing. He observes the wake in the adjacent living room through distortion of the library's textured glass door. He watch Steve shake someone’s hand. A MAN (40s) steps into the library, not expecting to find Peter.
45) 0) text: The remaining mourners are slowly filtering out. Steve politely ushers them, thanking them for coming. Soon, everyone’s gone. Steve just stands there, in the mi of the room. Lost.
46) 0) text: Steve goes to the bathroom door. Tries to open it. It’s LOCKED. The running sink is faintly heard. Steve pauses, then knocks gently.
46) 1) dialog: Peter? No answer.
53) 0) text: The front door opens and Steve enters.
53) 1) dialog: Annie?! Max runs up to greet Steve, his tail wagging excitedly.
54) 0) text: Annie goes to the door. Steve is heard scaling the stairs Before he can reach the top, Annie silently eases the doo shut.
55) 0) text: The workshop door quietly CLOSES just before Steve appear the top of the stairs. He approaches the workshop. He knocks on the door. No answer. He eases the door open. Annie “works” with her back to th door. She’s now wearing HEADPHONES, “listening” to classi music. Steve smiles sadly and closes the door, leaving Annie to work.
56) 0) text: Steve enters the kitchen. Mail waits on the kitchen islan He finds the BROCHURE for the public seance, and DUMPS it the trash. In the b.g., Annie CROSSES the doorway. Steve doesn’t see
60) 0) text: Steve is asleep in an armchair, bathed in the dim glow of muted TV. Annie appears in the doorway.
60) 2) dialog: (waking up) Oh! Hey.
60) 3) dialog: I’m going to bed. Where were you?
60) 5) dialog: I’1l come with you.
60) 7) dialog: And can you please let me know when you're going to the movies? I was worried. 46. 77 INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 77 Annie and Steve are in bed. Annie’s back is to Steve. Nei is asleep. Steve gently SNUGGLES UP to Annie, but she is like stone. self-consciously touches her hip. She recoils. Steve backs off. There is a long moment of tension, and t Annie RISES from bed.
60) 9) dialog: You're not coming right back. You're taking the blanket.
60) 11) dialog: Annie: it’s freezing outside.
60) 13) dialog: .-Okay.
60) 15) dialog: (“what am I supposed to say?”) Yeah. Fine. Come back if you get cold.
67) 0) text: Steve is chopping carrots at the kitchen island. Peter is heard ENTERING in the foyer.
67) 1) dialog: Hey, that was fast. Did you bike all the way here?
67) 3) dialog: Oh - you should've invited him in. But Peter’s already going for the stairs. Steve tries to catch up with him.
67) 4) dialog: Did you remember to sign up for that SAT prep course? Peter has made it to the top of stairs. Hiding his wrough face:
67) 5) dialog: I will tomorrow. You need to, Peter! That’s coming up! INT. PETER’S ROOM - DAY 88 Peter lies in bed, on his side. He looks ready to burst b into tears. Steve knocks on the door. Pokes his head in.
67) 6) dialog: Peter? Peter turns to him, stifling tears.
67) 7) dialog: Are you okay? Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 54.
67) 9) dialog: Is there anything we can talk about, Peter?
67) 11) dialog: Like anything. What’s going on? What are you feeling?
67) 13) dialog: I’m worried about you. Peter stares at Steve, eyes wide. Unable to communicate.
67) 14) dialog: (careful) It doesn’t have to be with me, either. Maybe you’d like to talk with somebody else...
67) 16) dialog: About everything. You’re going through a lot, Peter.
67) 18) dialog: Well - we all are. I think we could all use someone to talk to.
67) 20) dialog: I probably will. I probably need to. A long, fraught pause.
67) 21) dialog: You don’t have to choose now. I’m just letting you know that it’s there. (MORE)
67) 23) dialog: You could even see one of the guys in my building. I know a few guys.
67) 25) dialog: (briefest pause) Well, that’s for you to say. I can’t tell you your experience. Peter suddenly deflates . Not the answer he needed. He ch over.
67) 27) dialog: ...-Okay. Let me know.
67) 29) dialog: All right. Dinner in a bit. Steve smiles sensitively. Too sensitive. He leaves.
68) 0) text: Annie is at work. Behind her, the door opens and Steve enters. He approaches to see... Annie is working on a new piece: a NEW MINIATURE of the HIGHWAY of Charlie’s accident, including the TELEPHONE PO that took her head. This also features a tiny figurine of Charlie’s decapitated head and a figurine of Peter in the family car.
68) 1) dialog: Oh Jesus... Are you planning on letting him see that?
68) 3) dialog: (strong pause) How do you think Peter’s gonna feel about that?
68) 5) dialog: Oh no?
68) 8) dialog: It’s cruel, Annie. And unforgiving... Oh my God!
68) 9) dialog: And useless.
68) 12) dialog: (through clenched teeth) Are you coming to dinner?
68) 14) dialog: (snapping) I made dinner! I’m GETTING you for dinner! (storms away) Come down or stay here, I don’t give a shit. On “give”, he SLAMS the door behind him.
69) 0) text: Annie, Steve and Peter sit at the dinner table. A fourth divides Annie and Peter. Annie is fuming from her last interaction with Steve. Beside her glass: an unswallowed 57.
69) 2) dialog: Thanks buddy. Annie mouths the word “buddy” to herself, incredulous. Pe catches this.
69) 8) dialog: (stepping in) Peter...
69) 12) dialog: Peter--
69) 21) dialog: Okay, we’re stopping this. 91 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 59. He looks at Annie, who looks like she’s about to lose her mind.
69) 22) dialog: We’re stopping this right now. Annie glowers at him. Adversarial. She finally relents.
69) 25) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
69) 27) dialog: Try to stop and see what’s happening, Annie. For one second. Try to see where this could go. It’s not the right choice.
69) 29) dialog: So we'll deal with that! We can go to family therapy s whatever - but don’t make it Oh, family therapy! Right! about Charlie!
69) 31) dialog: (strongly) Yes. 60.
69) 32) dialog: He just left her in the car! , . Went straight to bed! Not a You can’t even imagine he was word! in shock?
69) 34) dialog: There was no way around that. You need to stop this. If he had warned us, we still would have run out there to find her in the same way.
69) 37) dialog: Goddamn it -- He was in shock. He's still in shock.
69) 39) dialog: Gathered?! You're holding yourself together awfully well, too!
69) 40) dialog: Excuse me? And what the hell does that mean? (no answer) Someone has to keep things from unraveling completely, Annie.
69) 43) dialog: That’s worthless. 92 61.
69) 46) dialog: Oh, stop it! No! Don’t you dare! He’s right! I made Peter take her! She begged me not to go!
69) 47) dialog: I was happy she was going! Be around other kids instead of that fuckin’ treehouse for a change! I would have pushed her if you hadn't!
69) 49) dialog: ...We have no control over anything, Annie. The ceiling could collapse on us right now and who would we blame? Brief pause.
69) 51) dialog: Goodnight, Petey. Peter looks at Steve.
69) 53) dialog: Goddamn it - Steve opens the door all the way.
69) 54) dialog: - of course not. No one blames you. Steve approaches Peter. 62.
69) 55) dialog: I don’t for one second imagine that you're not going through the exact same thing we are.
69) 57) dialog: Stop it with mom. She’s blaming everyone. It’s part of grieving. She blames herself. Peter has started to cry.
69) 59) dialog: She could have. Anyone could have.
69) 61) dialog: (weakly) You love your sister.
69) 63) dialog: Yes you do. Don’t ever say that.
69) 66) dialog: Shhh! I’m sorry. 93 94 95 63. INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 93 Annie lies on the bed, her back to us. We hear Peter’s weeping, muffled through the walls. We then hear:
73) 0) text: A wide shot of the house. Bathed in the pale moonlight, i almost looks like one of Annie’s miniatures. All the ligh are off, save for ONE window. INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 99 Steve is fast asleep. Annie’s side of the bed is EMPTY. The door to the MASTER BATHROOM is closed, but a band of light is visible beneath the door. Behind the door, Annie heard WHISPERING intensely - presumably on the phone.
73) 15) dialog: What's going on?
74) 0) text: Annie walks down the hall. Steve and Peter follow warily behind.
74) 2) dialog: (whispering) It’s okay. Annie leads them to the unlit DINING ROOM...
75) 0) text: The oval dining table has been set with an upturned DRINK GLASS. Beside it is CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD and one of Charlie’s hoodies. The BLACK CANDLE that Joan gave Annie dimly illuminating the table. The WINDOW is open, and it COLD. Peter hugs himself; Steve rubs his arms.
75) 1) dialog: It's freezing. Steve goes for the window.
75) 5) dialog: What friend Joan? And what's “this”? 73.
75) 7) dialog: What are we doing, Annie? Please. You’ll see. Steve just looks at her.
75) 14) dialog: (stern) Annie! Steve pulls his hand away from Annie.
75) 16) dialog: What worked?
75) 18) dialog: Show us what?! 74.
75) 21) dialog: (to Peter) You_can go to bed, Peter. I‘1l stay. What? No. What are you doing? (to Peter) Peter: please. This needs all of our energies. We need to do this as a family. Together.
75) 26) dialog: What language is that? (back to business) Okay: Try to concentrate. Annie now addresses the room. 75.
75) 31) dialog: (needing to interject) (ignoring Steve) Annie. Even if it’s just the tiniest little movement, Charlie! A long stretch of nothing. Annie’s determination has not waned. Peter suddenly TENSES UP.
75) 33) dialog: What’s wrong? Max BARKS in the other room.
75) 35) dialog: What??
75) 37) dialog: What the hell? Wow! Yes! Thank you, Charlie! That was so good! The color has drained from Peter's face.
75) 43) dialog: That’s enough.
75) 48) dialog: 
75) 53) dialog: This is SCARING him, Annie! No it’s NoT!
75) 63) dialog: (also afraid) Annie... 79.
75) 67) dialog: Please, dad! (helpless)
76) 0) text: Steve has pulled Annie outside. He’s very aggressive. Ann has wiped the water off her face with a towel. In the b.g Peter watches from a window.
76) 1) dialog: What the fuck did you just do? I didn’t do anything!
76) 2) dialog: I swear to God, Annie--
76) 4) dialog: What was that, Annie?
76) 6) dialog: (meaning it) Stop it. You saw that we did!
76) 7) dialog: Did you happen to see your son in there? Did you even notice that he’s absolutely terrified?!
76) 9) dialog: I am terrified! I’m fuckin’ scared of you. (definitively) Tomorrow. We’re going to see Dr. Stetson. Annie's eyes go cold with recognition. 81.
76) 11) dialog: Well, I don’t wanna be conducting seances in my fucking dining room! Steve storms inside. Annie follows him. She boils.
78) 4) dialog: Hello? There’s a strange wave of STATIC and then...
78) 6) dialog: Peter? We can hear that Peter is crying, near hysteria.
78) 10) dialog: (furious) Can you guess who just called me from school in complete hysterics? Annie goes pale.
78) 12) dialog: ...What?
78) 14) dialog: Peter just called me, Annie. Terrified. Crying in the halls. He’s convinced he’s being threatened by some vengeful spirit.
78) 16) dialog: (no patience) Listen to me, Annie: I have a son to protect.
78) 18) dialog: It means that’s what I’m worried about right now. That’s how I’m proceeding.
79) 0) text: Steve and Peter enter through the front door. A bad SMELL immediately hits them.
79) 1) dialog: Whoa. Jesus. They proceed up the stairs. Steve swipes away a fly. 114 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 88.
79) 2) dialog: Did something die in here?
80) 0) text: Peter goes to his room, closing the door behind him. Steve walks up to the WORKSHOP’s door. He opens it withou knocking.
80) 1) dialog: (entering) Annie, what is that smell-- But he FREEZES when he sees the state of the demolished r Annie sits in her chair, completely surrounded by smashed splintered wood.
80) 2) dialog: (stunned) ...What happened? He looks at Annie and almost immediately understands. She this. His heart breaks.
81) 0) text: Through the upstairs hallway window, A CAR pulls up to pa behind Steve’s car. A pleasant, well scrubbed man (50s) emerges to walk toward the house. This is DR. STETSON. There is a KNOCK at the door. It is heard OPENING.
81) 2) dialog: Thanks for coming, Bob. Yeah: forgive the smell. I think something died in the walls. Annie is standing in the upstairs hallway, listening.
81) 3) dialog: (sighs) She’s upstairs right now. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 89. Annie takes this as her cue. She walks defiantly down the stairs. She arrives at the bottom, in the FOYER. Dr. Stet acknowledges her with a big smile.
81) 25) dialog: You worked so hard for this show.
81) 27) dialog: I’m not ignoring anything - believe me. Long pause.
81) 28) dialog: (tensely, measuredly) I won’t indulge this behavior anymore.
81) 29) dialog: I won’t. I can’t allow it.
81) 33) dialog: (tears building) You know, Annie... (MORE )
81) 36) dialog: You can still build a shrine to the terrible stuff. Doesn’t mean you have to destroy anything good.
81) 38) dialog: Except for that one. Steve is pointing out the pristine Graham House replica. looks it over. Something makes him chuckle bitterly to himself.
81) 39) dialog: Nice touch. Annie looks at Steve, not understanding. She walks over t the miniature. She sees that something has been ADDED to Peter’s bedroom HEADLESS FIGURINE (now wearing Peter’s clothes) is lying Peter's bed. The color drains from Annie’s face.
81) 40) dialog: I was wondering when Peter would get switched with Charlie. Annie is covering her mouth with her hands. She is having horrible revelation. Her eyes then SCAN UP to notice something else... The figurine of ANNIE (on her knees, face in her hands) i now in the ATTIC replica. The figurine is dressed in a NIGHTGOWN (the same one that Annie is wearing now), excep its front is covered in blood. Defeated, Steve leaves the room.
81) 42) dialog: (bitterly) I didn’t sleep at all last night. If you can believe it.
82) 0) text: Rattled and extremely tense, Steve sits at the couch, whi is dressed with a blanket and pillow. He uncaps a PRESCRIPTION BOTTLE (sleeping pills). 118 119 120 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 93.
82) 1) dialog: (mumbling) Always you - right Steve? You hold it all together. He draws out TWO PILLS and knocks them back. He then hesitates before pulling out one more. He DOWNS it.
85) 0) text: Steve is FAST ASLEEP on the couch.
86) 0) text: Annie has started a FIRE in the fireplace. (In theb.g., Steve is still asleep on the couch.) Annie clutches Charlie’s drawing pad, gazing into the fir She inhales deeply, holds her breath, and then THROWS the in. At first it resists the flames, but then, the EDGE of sheet begins to BURN. Annie watches this, eyes glued to the fire. But the shoul of her SHIRT has sprouted the tiny beginning of a FLAME. is the same size as the burgeoning flame at the drawing p edge. Annie doesn’t even notice. The flame spreads slowly along the drawing pad’s edge. As this happens, the flame on Annie’s shoulder SPREADS ALONG ARM. Annie notices this and panics. She desperately tries stamp out the fire, but it’s no use. The fireplace-fire starts to CONSUME the edges of the dra pad. Simultaneously, ANNIE’S ARM IS ENGULFED FOR A MOMENT FLAMES. The fire on her arm is mimicking the fire that’s eating the book. Annie SCREAMS, pulls the drawing pad out of the fire, and STAMPS OUT the flames. As she stamps it out, the fire on arm is duly EXTINGUISHED. Annie understands now. She’s tied to the book.
96) 0) text: Annie sits in her car, parked on the street. She is waiti in the driver seat, eyes crazed. She watches the house, holding her cell phone at the ready. A car drives by. She turns to investigate. It’s not Steve
96) 2) dialog: Hello? Pause. Steve suddenly becomes alert.
96) 3) dialog: What? What happened? (listens for a moment) (MORE )
96) 5) dialog: Okay. Yes. I’m coming now. Which hospital?
97) 0) text: Steve is now driving home. PETER is asleep in the back se His nose is HEAVILY BANDAGED and his eyes are black and b Steve looks at the rear-view mirror while he drives. Watc his son sleep. Steve looks back to the road to see -- he’s about to runa red light. He STOMPS on the brake. Despite the harsh stop, Peter remains asleep. Steve grips the wheel, on the edge of his seat. A moment tense silence and then: the floodgates open. Steve starts CRYING, overwhelmed. After a moment of this, he regains composure. The light goes GREEN. INT. ANNIE’S CAR - LATE AFTERNOON 142 Annie is still waiting anxiously in her car. Steve’s car is seen pulling into the Graham driveway. Ann heaves a relieved sigh - “finally!” But then she notices Steve is pulling an unconscious Peter out of the back sea She sees Peter’s bandaged nose and PANICS. Annie jumps out of the car and bounds over. She’s grippin her mother’s photo album.
97) 3) dialog: He did apparently. Smashed his own face into his desk, hard enough to break it. This only feeds Annie’s paranoia. She covers her mouth wi her hands.
97) 5) dialog: (blunt) Please: just take his feet. Annie hesitantly gathers Peter’s feet. Steve proceeds tow the house, carrying Peter by his underarms. INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - DAY 143 Outside, Max's BARKING is heard. It will persist through following scene. Steve and Annie lay the comatose Peter into bed. Steve lo down at Peter, sapped. He’s avoiding Annie’s eyes.
97) 10) dialog: (zero inflection) A body?
97) 11) dialog: Go upstairs. Look for yourself. Whose body?
97) 14) dialog: More than your mother’s headless body. Of course. Steve reaches for the attic hatch. He pulls it down and a mass of FLIES escapes. Steve pauses, now much more nervous about what he’s about find. He begins to climb the stairs. Annie now RUNS downstairs...
99) 1) dialog: Jesus fuck! Annie has run back upstairs. Sounds of distress (from above) as Steve rushes to the st and stumbles down into the hallway. He’s pale with shock.
99) 2) dialog: What the fuck! There’s more.
99) 3) dialog: Why haven't you called the police?!
99) 5) dialog: Who is that, Annie? Annie squeezes her mother’s photo album.
99) 7) dialog: (to himself) It did look like your mother. Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 107.
99) 11) text: Steve can’t listen to this, but Annie desperately draws h attention to the photo of Annie’s Mother being showered i coins by Joan. Annie points at the NECKLACE.
99) 15) dialog: (dawning on him) ..-You dug up the grave.
99) 17) dialog: It was you, wasn’t it? When you were going out, “to the movies"? You're not even listening!
99) 18) dialog: (horrified) And when the cemetery called... (outraged at the thought) I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want to worry you.
99) 20) dialog: We didn't bring back Charlie!
99) 31) dialog: I’m not doing this anymore with you, Annie.
99) 33) dialog: This isn’t helping you. You're very sick and I need to call the police. 146 147 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 110. That does it. Annie storms toward Steve, SEIZES the drawi pad, runs to the fireplace, and HURLS the book into the f It is immediately CONSUMED by the flames, and then, like clockwork-- STEVE IGNITES INTO A RAGING BALL OF FLAMES. He cries out he is instantaneously swallowed up by the screaming fire. Annie can’t even scream. She’s frozen in horror. Her eyes LOCKED on the sight of her husband’s burning. And what's more, the ominous STREAK OF LIGHT has returned - now boun wildly around the room. Max’s off-screen BARKING has reac an insane pitch. We see Steve’s searing reflection in Annie’s fixed pupil. fire is impossibly violent. Now, at the scene’s shrieking apex, the streak of light settles on Annie - entering her
103) 0) text: Peter stops at the doorway. His eyes travel across the wa to finally come to... The FIREPLACE. The last of a dim fire (mostly embers) crackles in the pit. And lying before the fireplace is... A CHARRED, BLACK CORPSE. It lies twisted on the rug. Peter stands frozen, trying to discern what it is. He tak reluctant step forward and slowly approaches the dark fig Peter finally comes close enough to SEE... The body’s HEAD has been violently AMPUTATED. The PINK/RE the exposed neck contrasts garishly with the crisped whol The body is on its back, arched and contorted. Peter looks at the HANDS. The fingers are curled into desperate claws. One finger bears STEVE’S WEDDING RING. Peter opens his mouth to scream, but all that comes out i muted gust of air. Tears well in his eyes. He can’t even summon the strength to look away. And above him... ANNIE is huddled up into a corner of the ceiling. Her fac twisted with grief and fear, and she is shaking her head “no, no, no, no, no” — as if pleading with the back of Peter’s head, like a frightened animal. She holds PIANO W pulling it taut with both hands. Wringing blood. Peter FREEZES, sensing something behind him. He slowly tu but not toward Annie... Peter looks to the other corner of the room. The CLOSET D is cracked open. Peter SQUINTS at it. Standing in the dar closet, barely visible, is a MAN IN A RED CLOAK - staring him. Peter is paralyzed. He then SENSES something in the corner of the ceiling - w Annie was. His eyes scan tensely to the corner, but Annie now GONE. 151 152 153 113. Pregnant silence. Suddenly, from behind Peter, Annie BURSTS SCREAMING out o the darkness, dashing towards him. Peter RUNS squealing out of the room. He sprints for the STAIRS. Peter bounds up the staircase, but at the top step, he tr over his own foot. He crashes to his knees, scrambling to back up. Behind him, we hear Annie pursuing. Peter races madly through the HALLWAY. The attic hatch is inexplicably OPEN. He dashes for the ATTIC STAIRS. He runs up the stairs and immediately RETRACTS them - jus Annie reaches him. Peter manages to pull the attic hatch SHUT, almost catching Annie’s bloody fingers.