8) 0) text: Charlie’s “special needs” class. Scrawled on the blackboard are the words “Quiet means Silence!” and all the students are indeed silent as they a quiz. The TEACHER (40s) walks along the rows of desks, overlook the quiz-takers. He comes to CHARLIE, whose quiz is upsid down. In her lap, she is assembling a small manikin’s bod with disparate found objects (wood, metal, cardboard, etc
9) 2) dialog: Fucking his mom. Some laughter from the class.
9) 9) dialog: Plus he fucked his mom. More laughs.
9) 12) dialog: Less! Peter checks his text. It’s from Brendan. It reads: “Wann smoke a bowl at break?” This came from the BOY behind him
9) 14) dialog: (already giving up) Because! Mr. Davies turns to Peter, who’s now composing a text in lap.
9) 21) dialog: I think it's more tragic - because if it’s all just inevitable, that means the characters have no hope and that they never had hope, because they’re just like pawns in this horrible, hopeless machine. Peter has now noticed BRIDGET looking at him. She gives h sardonic “nice try” smile. Peter smiles back, embarrassed She turns away. Peter’s smile turns to a longing stare.
90) 0) text: LUNCH TIME. It’s overcast, dark and windy. Students mill about in flapping clothes. Just beyond the high school fence is a ROAD with heavy traffic. PETER is seated at an empty table near the fence eating (or rather, not eating) the cafeteria food. 132 Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 98. The TRAFFIC NOISE is loud and imposing. Peter LISTENS to losing himself in the white noise. But there’s something looming underneath the traffic noise... It's like a distant YELLING, but too distant to make out. Slowly it becomes clearer, more distinct. It’s a WOMAN’S VOICE and it’s yelling “Peter.” Peter looks up. Where is it coming from?
91) 0) text: Students are returning to class. Peter walks trembling down the hall. Any lingering kids disperse to enter their classrooms. Peter approaches his classroom, a gnawing apprehension taking him over. Suddenly, from behind Peter, a FLASH of light STREAKS acr the length of the hall. It sweeps past Peter. He FREEZES. The light seems to disappear at Peter’s CLASSROOM. Peter stares at the door. Through the door’s window, MR. DAVIES (the teacher) turns see Peter. They lock eyes. Davies smiles expectantly. Feeling pressured, Peter walks to the classroom. He ENTER