1) 0) text: An ASIAN MAN sits up on his cot, coming out of sleep with gasp. SHU KAI KIM is in his late 20s. With a muscled tors and shaved head meant to inspire fear. And to hide it.
2) 0) text: The electrified doors slide OPEN. Shu steps out of his ce ORTEGA -- a rugged young Chicano -- steps out of a nearby cell. The two cons trade small nods.
3) 0) text: The CONS walk in single file. Ortega is behind Shu. Orteg speaks softly, with barely perceptible lip movement.
3) 2) text: Shu's replies are like a ventriloquist's, as well. The tw men are running through some sort of arcane drill.
3) 3) dialog: I'm not afraid.
3) 5) dialog: No. I want this.
3) 7) text: Now Shu and Ortega file into:
4) 7) text: The rest of the Congregation turns around, to see what's  going on. The TWO CORRECTIONS OFFICERS at the rear of the Chapel venture to the door and peer out, truncheons drawn TWO WHITE INMATES spring out of opposing back row aisle s and SLAM SHUT the Chapel doors on the C.O.s -- who immedi start POUNDING on the doors with their STICKS. ONSTAGE - A hulking WHITE member of the CHOIR discreetly  moves to block the fire exit offstage.
4) 11) text: A SIREN WAILS as Lindeman leaps at Shu -- who executes a  perfectly timed karate throw, sending Lindeman over his  shoulder to land sprawling in the aisle. Lindeman's tattooed ACCOMPLICES move to help. Ortega hold them off. Before Lindeman can right himself, Shu pins the blond Goliath. Brings a fist to Lindeman's neck, sharpene spoon pressed against the neo-Nazi's jugular. Outraged, the MINISTER claws his way through the crowd of rubbernecking cons. Shu is breathing too hard to demand that Lindeman concede But his message is clear. Now, in gasps:
4) 13) text: Instead, Shu lifts the sharpened spoon away from Lindeman neck. Carefully climbs off, steps back. Lindeman lies there defeated. Then looses a startling ban SCREAM and springs, blades flashing, at Shu. They're like two snarling cats. Wrestling so furiously, w see only a blur of flesh, glint of metal. Splash of blood A RING of INMATES forms around the combatants. Some CHEER others SHOUT for the fight to stop. None dare interfere. Now the BACK DOORS virtually fly off their hinges as a HA DOZEN C.O.s in RIOT GEAR charge the Chapel. It takes all six to drag the bloody cons apart. Shu  immediately goes limp; Duane Lindeman is slack, twitching Horrified, the Minister backs off, vestments soaked in go
12) 6) text: Eddie wheels away, answers the RINGING PHONE (grunting a  perfunctory promise into it), then gestures for Straight- Arrow and Slick Couple to come into his inner office. Rog starts to follow, but Eddie shuts his inner office door b him.
25) 0) text: The room is large and bare but for a long wooden TABLE, f chairs. Leaden light leaks through one high, barred windo Eddie and Roger, on one side of the table, anxiously wait Roger jumps at the CRUNCH of a deadbolt lock, turning. Two hefty OFFICERS enter escorting SHU, in manacles. One  pulls out the chair for Shu, the other sits him down. Edd waits for them to back out of the room and re-lock the do
25) 2) text: Shu's eyes, beady and suspicious, bore into Roger. Roger wants to smile. But he can't. He stares down at his notebook. Now Shu peruses Eddie's long hair, peculiar suit.
25) 3) dialog: My mother find you?
25) 5) dialog: Figures.
25) 7) dialog: (very slowly) Racist asshole came at me.
25) 9) dialog: (coolly) I killed the motherfucker.
25) 13) text: Shu doesn't answer. Eddie reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out a pack of cigarettes. Offers one to Shu. Shu  wordlessly plucks the cigarette from his fingers, careful avoid any contact. Eddie lights it. Now Roger wills himself to look up from his notebook.
25) 16) dialog: (stubbornly) That's eight years ago. Long time.
25) 18) dialog: Real long time.
34) 0) text: Shu is escorted along the tier by TWO C.O.s.
35) 0) text: Enter the two C.O.s, with SHU. EDDIE and ROGER wait here.
35) 2) text: Shu's lips move. No sound emerges.
35) 4) text: Now Shu is standing, breathing hard.
35) 5) dialog: Do I -- have to be in the courtroom?
35) 6) text: Eddie knows that Shu isn't eager to relive the last trial
35) 8) text: Roger is searching Shu's face for a ray of hope. Instead hears, constricted:
35) 9) dialog: -- I can't pay you.
35) 11) text: This makes Shu even more uncomfortable. His eyes bore int Eddie's, searching for an answer. Finally Eddie supplies it.
35) 13) text: Shu holds Eddie's gaze for a beat. Then he nods. And then without expression, he backs out of the Conference Room.
36) 22) text: Eddie grinds out his joint. Signals his colleagues to shu up. His customary braggadocio giving way to bafflement:
53) 0) text: Eddie and Shu are separated by a plexiglass pane. They ta over telephones. Shu strives to remain impassive as he HE
53) 2) text: Shu's response:
53) 3) dialog: Who did that to you?
53) 6) dialog: "Painted"?
53) 8) dialog: That wasn't an Aryan Warrior.
53) 11) dialog: I guess he... wanted you to think he  was... somebody he wasn't.
53) 13) dialog: Maybe... because someone's afraid.
53) 15) dialog: I don't know. The truth, maybe.
53) 17) dialog: About Chinatown. What went down.
53) 19) dialog: You tell me, man.
53) 21) dialog: How can I tell you what I don't know!
53) 23) dialog: I don't know shit, man! Goddammit --
53) 25) text: Shu sucks in a breath. The curses are like stifled sobs.
53) 26) dialog: Shit... fucking... bitch bastard...
53) 27) text: Tears are spilling down Shu's rock-hard cheeks. Eddie brings his palm up against the plexiglass divider.  He's breathing hard too.
53) 29) text: Shu swipes at his face, roughly wiping it dry.
53) 30) dialog: No.
53) 32) text: Now Shu raises his palm. Presses it against the plexiglas where Eddie's palm is. Slowly, emphatically:
53) 33) dialog: Fuck the D.A.'s deal.
55) 0) text: A forensic ballistics expert (GEORGE) has just test-fired Shu's gun into a long wooden box. He and Roger remove the ear-protectors. (Eddie hadn't bothered wearing one.) To R as he opens the box's lid:
64) 0) text: Eddie has now taken his seat beside Shu. Reynard is in th midst of his opening statement.
65) 26) text: Eddie sits. Wearing a confident grin for the benefit of a jurors who may be watching. Only Roger and Shu can HEAR:
65) 28) dialog: (quietly reassures) It's okay, Eddie.
71) 11) text: Kitty hands him a photocopy of Shu's 1980 mugshot.
71) 16) text: He's all over the room, waving Shu's photo, fulminating:
75) 4) text: Eddie nods, not sure what to say. Esparza grimly regards  Roeder's corpse, then nods at Detective 1. A tear slides  down his cheek as the MORGUE TECH slams shut the drawer.  Esparza turns to Eddie. His voice thick:
76) 13) text: Intoxicated by his illogic, Eddie yanks out his battered  wallet. Tugs out one of his two photos of Shu -- the "Sma Small World" snapshot from Mrs. Kim.
78) 14) text: The hoped-for HUBBUB among the Pillars et al. SHU cranes see, heartened and slightly amazed at the support. Turning back to the government witness:
80) 2) text: The KILLER hurries by. ONSCREEN for only a second -- but  long enough for us to see he looks a lot like Shu.
80) 7) text: Ms. Gordon nods at Shu.
80) 28) text: SHU turns to Eddie. The look on his face says "Hell, we'r actually holding our own." As the frustrated eyewitness is led off the stand we HEAR calm, resonant --
80) 81) text: At the Defense Table, Shu stiffens. So does Eddie.
80) 92) text: Ortega looks past Reynard, at Shu. Mournfully:
80) 109) text: The Bailiff rushes to the witness box as Judge Quealy POU his GAVEL. And suddenly SHU leaps to his feet.
80) 110) dialog: Take me outta here! I never wanted  this -- !
80) 111) text: The Marshalls obligingly drag Shu toward the prisoners'  entrance, behind the bench. The JURORS appear shocked and alarmed. The SPECTATORS sta transfixed.
82) 2) dialog: When I joined up I took an oath of  secrecy. I told you what you needed  to know.
82) 5) dialog: It was self-defense.
82) 7) text: In response Shu hangs up. Eddie POUNDS on the plastic, to get him to pick up again. Shu does, provisionally.
82) 10) dialog: -- How could I help you?
82) 14) text: Like a spurned lover who can't let go, Eddie implores Shu through the plastic:
82) 16) text: Shu looks at Eddie is though he were an alien life form.
82) 17) dialog: You're out there and I'm in here. My  bond -- my trust -- is with the dudes  in here that watch my ass. I took an  oath of loyalty to them. You're out  there. Who are you to me?
82) 19) dialog: When you leave this place you're  going out to dinner or a movie or  get laid. Where's our bond? I'm going  back to my cell and wait to die. So  tell me: Where's our bond?
82) 21) text: Shu's eyes narrow.
82) 22) dialog: What do you mean, "everything"?
82) 25) text: Shu hangs up. Rocks to his shackled feet. And shuffles ou of the room, to return to his cell.
86) 6) text: He slams his fist against the wall. OS, NEIGHBORS SHOUT f him to shut up.
89) 29) text: He reaches into his wallet, pulls out Shu's old mugshot.  Holds the two mugshots next to each other. Hushed:
96) 4) text: Montell, with gloved hand, brings Shu's gun to Jimmy Chin forehead. Tilts it, just so. And FIRES.
102) 0) text: The Pillars have bailed out. Shu sits at the Defense Tabl Not happy to be here. Roger stands.
102) 77) text: SHU has gone pale. Tears stream down MRS. KIM's face. KIT reaches an arm around her shoulders, to comfort her.
102) 83) text: Eddie nods. Then returns to the defense table and sits,  between Roger and Shu. Eddie looks drained but exalted. H can sleep now.
103) 0) text: Shu Kai Kim sits on the edge of his cot. Listens to the E of FOOTSTEPS that grow LOUDER. In eight years of waiting, man learns patience. The FOOTSTEPS STOP, tumblers TURN. Still, Shu doesn't mov moving might break the spell. The cell DOOR slides OPEN.
104) 0) text: Shu emerges from the Main Gate, toting a sad little vinyl valise. Blinking, as though he hasn't seen daylight in ye He heads toward the concrete depot where a bus will take south, to New York City. How strange to walk without shac handcuffs, armed guards. OS he HEARS:
104) 2) text: Edward C. Dowd lounges against his Riviera. Shu cocks his head, stares at the lawyer. Eddie shrugs, stares down. Three beats. When he looks up Shu is standing before him. Searching for words. Failing find them. At last: