14) 0) text: C-for-Charlie works doggedly to set up camp. The rain com straight down, unbreathed-upon by any wind, in huge, fat drops so close together that it seems a solid sheet of wa Turning around, Fife sees that some of the men (Marl amon them) are playing in the mud, sitting down and sliding ar like children in snow, clowning and laughing.
20) 0) text: Stein is writing a letter by candlelight when he hears th noise of a Japanese plane high overhead. (Washing Machine Charlie.) Suddenly the earth is SHAKING around him. Panic an objectless fright seize him, and he surges blindly out his tent, scrambling toward a nearby slit trench. Down the long aisle of the coconut groves, the KLAXONS be their mournful, insistent belching. Above, three weak searchlight beams feebly finger the sky. Now and then the see the single QUICK BLINK of an antiaircraft shell exploding. Finally, there is the SHUTTERING, THIN sound o the motor, or motors, up there in the dark. Then, from th direction of the airfield, come the CA-RUMPING explosions walking slowly toward them in great giant strides. The klaxons keep up their long, monotonous, insane, GROWLING protest, and the antiaircraft guns PUMP their useless laughable shells up into the night sky, as the ball-shrin ROAR of the bombs advances. 26. Suddenly, there is a huge, ear-filling, impersonal, rushi FLUTTER descending like an express train, then a flash of light. It is strange that only one man is wounded. By all rights, there should be many more. The wounded man is Pfc Marl, the Nebraska dry-dirt farmer. A piece of the daisycutter has whistled into his hole and cut off his ri hand as neatly as a surgeon could have done with a knife. When Marl yells, Welsh leaps in with him and puts a tourniquet on him until the medic can get there.
20) 1) dialog: What'm I gonna do now, huh? How'm I gonna work, huh! How'm I donna plow, huh? I mean it. What’m I gonna do now, huh? Take it away! Get that damned thing out of here! I don't want to look at it, goddamn it! It's my hand! The hand is taken away by one of the company MEDICS, who supposed to be trained at this kind of work but actually not as yet, and who stops to vomit behind a tree.
20) 3) dialog: Goddamn it, it's easy for you! How'm I gonna work? I'm a farmer.
20) 5) dialog: Sure I can walk, goddamn it. Fuck yes, I can walk. But how'm I gonna work? That's the point. Fife watches, trembling within, as Marl is led off into t darkness to the battalion medical station, the first actu wounded casualty in the company.