0) 0) text: A young Admiral receives an encoded message from a radiotelegraph and interprets it for a group of Army commanders aboard a warship. An Army division must be diverted to support the Marines on Guadalcanal, an island which none of them is familiar with but which it appears of critical importance in maintaining the supply route between the United States and Australia now in the first of the war. The Army commanders tell him that two divisio are available; each is already at sea. The choice of whic deploy is his and, after a few seconds of hesitation, he makes it. He asks them to return to him some day in the future and to tell him, since he must remain far from the fighting, about their experience in the ordeal to come. Soldiers in the Civil war,.he says, spoke of “seeing the Elephant”: it was as though in combat a strange, awesome creature would appear, whose features one could not quite describe to anyone who had not seen it for himself. He wo like to hear from them what this Elephant is.
46) 0) text: The soldiers at C-for-Charlie's forward position watch an wait anxiously to see who will return with the assault pa if anyone returns at all. Queen chews his fingernails; th tension is unbearable. Suddenly, they hear the electrifyi word: "Witt!" Other names follow: "Doll... Dale... Bell." Stein watches the weary men crawl, licking their wounds, into the midst of the company. It is getting close to dar They find that, in their absence, most of Charlie has, on Colonel Tall's orders, already dug in. The company looks them with reverence, though it has heard and correctly interpreted their little assault as a failure. As Witt pa by, Welsh smiles at him sardonically.
61) 0) text: 2nd Platoon has discovered a little water hole. The men l around it on their bellies drinking the muddy water up greedily, until Doll wades out into the middle of the hol and pulls a dead Japanese soldier up from the bottom by t scruff of his neck. All of them recoil in disgust, all ex Dale.
63) 0) text: A YOUNG SOLDIER turns to Witt.
63) 1) dialog: I never been shot at before. Is this what it sounds like?
73) 0) text: They come down from the hills and out of the jungle with their haunted faces and pool-deep, sea-dark eyes, lugging every ounce of booty they can carry and looking more like Bowery scavengers than soldiers. No sooner are they at their bivouac in a coconut grove by sea than they begin getting blind, crazy drunk. It is a w mass bacchanalian orgy that will go on for days.
99) 0) text: Witt waits until the Japanese are practically on top of h before he OPENS FIRE. They are caught by surprise. Clearl they had not expected to meet resistance so soon. A small Japanese soldier with a .31 Caliber machine gun strapped his back advances toward him. He cannot reach back and fi the gun himself; his job is merely to serve as a tripod f it. Seeing Witt, he throws himself on the ground and digs like a badger. Other Japanese soldiers dash forward to squeeze the trigger. One by one Witt shoots them down; quickly, decisively, with daring and skill. Soon mortar rounds begin to fall among the enemy soldiers. He looks b over his shoulder. Perhaps Fife has reported their positi perhaps the Japanese will stop and he'll get out of this.
103) 0) text: An abrupt silence announces that the battle is over. Witt lies beside a Japanese soldier.