1) 1) dialog: Vicky and Cristina decided to spend the summer in Barcelona. MCS - Vicky sitting in the rear passenger seat, looks out window at the passing countryside. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) Vicky was completing her master’s in Catalan identity, which she had become interested in through her great affection for the architecture of Gaudi.
2) 1) dialog: She had become engaged to Doug because he was decent and successful...
2) 4) dialog: ...and understood the beauty of commitment.
2) 6) dialog: Cristina, on the other hand, expected something very different out of love. She had reluctantly accepted suffering as an inevitable component of deep passion, and was resigned to putting her feelings at risk. If you asked her what it was she was gambling her emotions on to win, she would not have been able to say. And that was exactly what Vicky valued above all else.
6) 1) dialog: After the girls unpacked and Judy’s husband, Mark, got home from the golf course, lunch was served on the terrace.
8) 1) dialog: They particularly enjoyed the works of Gaudi and Miro.
11) 1) dialog: Once, Mark and Judy invited Vicky and Cristina to go sailing with them...
12) 1) dialog: ...on Mark’s boat. CHARLES, a handsome young businessman, and Cristina hold glasses of wine and sit against a railing. 10. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) With Cristina in mind, Mark and Judy asked along the son of one of his business partners, an eligible young man Mark thought she might like.
13) 1) dialog: Unfortunately, Charles and Cristina were not a match made in heaven.
14) 1) dialog: Vicky, meanwhile, researched every aspect of Catalan life, even getting a tour of the market... Vicky makes notes in a notebook as the chef lectures. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) ...and a local restaurant, to delve into Catalan cooking. 11.
15) 1) dialog: On balmy summer nights, the girls would sometimes go to hear Spanish guitar music, which never failed to move Vicky in some magical way. Camera dollies in on Vicky, who looks raptly at the guita player.
16) 1) dialog: One evening, Mark and Judy took them to the opening of a friend’s art gallery. Many local artists and a number of collectors attended.
17) 1) dialog: Vicky and Cristina left the art gallery and decided to go for dinner. They strolled past the church in the wonderful summer night air, while people celebrated... Vicky and Cristina walk out of frame.
18) 1) dialog: ...finally winding up around midnight at a little restaurant.
21) 1) dialog: By early morning, they had reached their destination and proceeded to a hotel that Juan Antonio had selected for them.
22) 1) dialog: Vicky made sure she and Cristina had their own room and Juan Antonio had his. If he was disappointed, he hid it well. Vicky and Cristina walk down a corridor toward their room Juan Antonio walks toward his room.
23) 1) dialog: After freshening up, he took them...
24) 1) dialog: ...to see the sculpture that was so meaningful to him.
25) 1) dialog: Juan Antonio took his guests for lunch. They discussed art and romance. He was full of stories about Maria Elena, his ex-wife, whom he both criticized and idolized.
26) 1) dialog: He proved to be a good host, and in the afternoon, he took them to see the local sights, where they enjoyed hearing about the city and took photos. Cristina points her digital camera at Vicky and Juan Anto Vicky waves her hand at Cristina with annoyance, indicati she does not want Cristina to take a photograph. Cristina gets Vicky and Juan Antonio to pose as she takes picture of them.
27) 1) dialog: Later, they bought candy and cakes at a charming sweet shop, which were homemade and delicious. Juan Antonio offers Vicky a cake from the box and hands h napkin. 26.
28) 1) dialog: They continued to document their trip, and while Vicky remained skeptical, Cristina had a wonderful time. Vicky walks backward to take the picture as Cristina and Antonio pose against a wall. Juan Antonio puts his arm ar Cristina as they pose for another photograph.
29) 1) dialog: The question of sleeping together did not come up until that night... Juan Antonio puts the glasses of wine down on a coffee ta in front of Vicky and Cristina, who sit on a sofa.
29) 3) dialog: ...and Juan Antonio was a little drunk.
29) 58) dialog: With Cristina stuck in bed, Vicky was anxious to get back to Barcelona, and in no mood to sightsee.
29) 61) dialog: But sightsee is what they did.
30) 1) dialog: After lunch, Juan Antonio took Vicky to see the old lighthouse at Avilés, which she found very beautiful.
31) 51) dialog: They returned to the hotel. Cristina was feeling better, but far too shaky and needed more rest.
32) 1) dialog: Vicky and Juan Antonio dined together at a lovely little restaurant. She was more relaxed than at lunch, and had just finished a great deal of wine. This time she was enjoying the conversation.
39) 1) dialog: On the trip home, Vicky, who had mentioned nothing to Cristina, was silent. Cristina, on the other hand, talked nervously.
40) 1) dialog: Vicky buried herself in work at the library. She put foolish ideas out of her head and concentrated on her thesis. But she found her thoughts frequently returning to Oviedo.
41) 1) dialog: Cristina, searching for a means of self-expression, wandered the streets of Barcelona, experimented with her latest passion photography, and believed that she had made a fool of herself exactly at the moment of truth with Juan Antonio. Cristina walks down an alleyway. She stops and raises her digital camera to take a picture.
42) 1) dialog: And then, forty-eight hours later Cristina came to Vicky with an announcement .
43) 1) dialog: That night, the two women had trouble falling asleep. Cristina sat in the kitchen drinking coffee and working on her poetry. 48.
44) 1) dialog: Vicky, too, was lost in memories of a night that now seemed more and more unreal. Vicky’s cell phone RINGS on the night stand. She turns on lamp, then picks up the cell phone.
55) 3) dialog: Juan Antonio took Cristina to a wine tasting. After, he took her back to his house, a lovely place he had purchased from another painter years ago, and which served as his home and his studio. He showed her his work, which delighted her.
55) 5) dialog: She loved the colors and the wild, emotional way he applied the paint to the canvases. From there, it was only one floor up to his bedroom. He told her of his marriage to Maria Elena, and their deep love, and their terrible fights. He told Cristina he had not wanted to make love with anyone else in the bedroom they shared...till now. This time, Cristina kept her food down. INT. JUAN ANTONIO’S HOUSE/BEDROOM - DAY Juan Antonio lies atop Cristina on the bed as they kiss passionately and make love. Cristina rolls on top of Juan Antonio as they continue to kiss.
56) 1) dialog: Juan Antonio took Cristina out several more times. They went to see a new sculpture by a friend of his. 53.
57) 1) dialog: He showed her some of his favorite parts of the city, where she took photographs. They smile and walk down the sidewalk. Cristina aims her digital camera at some PROSTITUTES who stand against a wa on the far side of the street. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) Juan Antonio was friendly with all the whores and thought they would make wonderful subjects. Juan Antonio and Cristina walk. Cristina stops to take a photograph. Juan Antonio wraps his arms around her. Juan Antonio laughs. The prostitutes pose and Cristina takes a picture of them. Juan Antonio holds Cristina’s hand as th walk. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) He encouraged Cristina’s work, although she was always too shy to allow him to see it. Juan Antonio playfully wraps his arms around her
58) 1) dialog: He took her to lunch with his friends who were poets and artists and musicians. Cristina held her own quite well.
59) 1) dialog: Meanwhile, one day, going to study yet again the Park Guell, which Gaudi had designed and which figured quite prominently in her thesis, Vicky had a chance encounter. Vicky enters the park from a staircase. Juan Antonio, carrying a sketchbook, walks down another staircase. He w off the stairs and looks up at Vicky with surprise.
60) 1) dialog: And so the morning came when Vicky's husband-to-be arrived from New York. Doug walks off the escalator and meets Vicky.
61) 1) dialog: Juan Antonio, like certain creative men, needed always to live with a woman, and had invited Cristina to move in with him, which she accepted. Doug and Vicky get out of the taxi and walk toward the ho 57.
65) 1) dialog: The two couples met for lunch and during the course of conversation, an awkward moment occurred. Juan Antonio looks at Cristina, who sits diagonally acros the table from him. Under the table, Juan Antonio raises leg toward Christina. Instead, he brushes his leg against Vicky’s leg. 63. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) Juan Antonio, having warm thoughts about Cristina, tried to brush his foot against hers, under the table, and accidentally brushed Vicky's. Vicky looks up at Juan Antonio.
66) 1) dialog: The amusement park was everything Juan Antonio led them to believe. It was antique and charming, and overlooked all of Barcelona.
70) 1) dialog: And so the wedding day came and Vicky married Doug. Cristina was there. She did not bring Juan Antonio, who made an excuse.
71) 1) dialog: Following the ceremony, the bride and groom left for a mini-honeymoon in Seville. Judy and Mark stand on a balcony and wave to Vicky and Do
71) 3) dialog: Meanwhile, Cristina began to sense the possibility of the kind of relationship she had always sought but in the past had eluded her. She was the lover of an exciting man...an artist whose work she believed in.
72) 1) dialog: She was already thinking of herself as a kind of expatriate...not smothered by what she believed to be America's puritanical and materialistic culture, which she had little patience for. 68. NARRATOR(cont 'd) She saw herself more a European soul, in tune with the thinkers and artists she felt expressed her tragic, romantic, freethinking view of life.
73) 1) dialog: With Juan Antonio's circle of friends, she hobnobbed with creative people of all sorts. Cristina reaches the table and kisses Juan Antonio. She s down at the table. NARRATOR (cont'd) She loved their company and continued to experiment with writing and taking pictures. INT. JUAN ANTONIO’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY A pot of food boils over on the stove while Juan Antonio Cristina lie on the kitchen floor and make love.
74) 40) dialog: Juan Antonio hurried out in the dead of night. Juan Antonio opens the convertible and sits down in it. INT. JUAN ANTONIO’S HOUSE/BEDROOM - NIGHT Cristina sits up in bed and tries to read.
74) 41) dialog: Cristina tried to go back to sleep...but had an uneasy feeling.
74) 43) dialog: She dozed restively, but awoke at the darkest hour. Cristina sits up in bed and exits. INT. JUAN ANTONIO’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT Cristina stands at the stove preparing coffee. The sound the front door OPENING is heard.
74) 164) dialog: As the days passed, Cristina observed Maria Elena and Juan Antonio, and found the heart more puzzling than ever. Cristina turns and walks down a hallway. Through a window Juan Antonio can be seen painting behind the house. Crist waves at him through the window. He puts down a cigarette walks through a doorway into the house.
75) 1) dialog: It was at Vicky's afternoon language class, which she took several days a week to improve her Spanish that she met Ben, a young man who couldn't stop noticing her and started to chat her up each day.
78) 1) dialog: The movie was a great success, and Ben proved to be very good company for Vicky.
79) 1) dialog: One afternoon, they ducked into a store to buy some cherries and when the storekeeper took a phone call in the back...
80) 1) dialog: ...he couldn’t resist taking her hand.
81) 1) dialog: Cristina, Juan Antonio and Maria Elena went riding in the country. Maria Elena had decided they would all cook a big dinner together and she insisted they pick fresh blackberries. Juan Antonio rides ahead.
83) 1) dialog: The next day, Maria Elena went out photographing with Cristina. She had a superb eye and knew a lot about the art of photography and taught Cristina much about the aesthetics and subtleties of picture taking. She advised her to get rid of her digital camera and use an old one for more interesting results. She said it was important to have a darkroom and that she would set one up in the basement for Cristina and teach her various techniques of developing her own pictures. Cristina and Maria Elena point their cameras at a TOURIST A MAN holds a dog on a leash. Cristina, standing beside M Elena, points her digital camera at his dog. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) They photographed everything, from silly-looking dogs...
84) 1) dialog: ...to grim-faced children. But the best subject... 100.
85) 1) dialog: ...was Maria Elena herself.
86) 1) dialog: Shopping one afternoon, Vicky and Doug ran into Adam Tabachnick and Sally. Adam and Sally stop and turn to see Doug and Vicky, who w down the mall. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) Adam was in the same business Doug was in, and they were friendly, although in New York, they did not spend a lot of time together.
88) 1) dialog: Life continued predictably for Vicky and Doug... 103.
89) 1) dialog: ...until one afternoon, when an unpredictable moment occurred. Vicky looks through a window into an inner courtyard and reacts with surprise: Judy and JAY, Mark’s business partn are kissing passionately.
90) 1) dialog: Several days later, Judy asked Vicky to meet her privately, away from the house to have coffee.
91) 32) dialog: Was Cristina okay with it when Maria Elena and Juan Antonio made love one afternoon? Beforehand, she gave them both her blessing, but then had mixed feelings. She was not quite as open-minded as she had always imagined herself, and the thought of the two of them in bed, and inevitably full of intensity, caused her some conflict. Cristina sits down on a chair. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) In the end, she gradually relaxed and let herself go with the flow of things, a tolerance she was proud of.
95) 1) dialog: Over the next weeks, Cristina became more and more sure of herself as a photographer. Both Juan Antonio and Maria Elena contributed ideas and support when she had doubts. Thanks to their encouragement, photography was becoming a productive interest in her life. Maria Elena rubs Cristina’s shoulder. Cristina smiles, th kisses Juan Antonio. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) By now, she and Juan Antonio and Maria Elena had become lovers. Maria Elena and Cristina caress one another’s cheeks, the kiss. EXT. JUAN ANTONIO’S HOUSE - DAY Maria Elena sits beside the pool and gently rocks her foo the water. Juan Antonio paints on a canvas. Cristina sits a chair and holds a book in her hands.
95) 2) dialog: Everything seemed perfectly balanced, perfectly in tune. Maria Elena was calm and relaxed. Juan Antonio was going through a very creative period with his painting. Cristina looks up thoughtfully. 114. NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) It was only Cristina, as the last days of summer expired, who began to experience an old, familiar stirring...a growing restlessness that she dreaded, but recognized only too well.
96) 1) dialog: Suddenly, thoughts started taking precedence over feelings. Thoughts and questions about life and love. And, as much as she tried to resist these ideas, she could not get them from her mind. INT. JUAN ANTONIO’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY Maria Elena, in the middle of drying dishes, looks at Cristina with shock. Juan Antonio turns and looks at Cristina.
96) 3) dialog: Finally summoning her resolve, one evening after dinner, she made an announcement that surprised everyone.
97) 1) dialog: Cristina told all that had happened to Vicky and said she was going to France for a few weeks to think things out. She would return to pick her up, so they could go back to New York together.
99) 2) dialog: Despite Vicky's protestations, Judy was possessed with finding a way to bring her and Juan Antonio together...and prevailed upon her friend, Gabriella, who was a figure in the art world, to throw a party, and invite Vicky and Juan Antonio.
100) 1) dialog: Meanwhile, as predicted, without Cristina, the relationship between Juan Antonio and Maria Elena had gone back to its old destructiveness. Maria Elena shoves Juan Antonio angrily. PEOPLE on the st turn and stare at them. Juan Antonio walk down the street Juan Antonio gestures angrily at Maria Elena.
100) 10) dialog: As had happened before... EXT. JUAN ANTONIO’S HOUSE - DAY Maria Elena carries her bags, opens the gate and walks to taxi.
100) 11) dialog: ...by mutual consent, Maria Elena packed her things and moved out of Juan Antonio's house. Maria Elena gets into the taxi and the taxi moves down th street. EXT. GABRIELLA’S HOUSE - DAY PARTY GUESTS stand around a pool outside the house. Judy talks to Mark and Doug as Vicky looks away distractedly.
108) 10) dialog: Doug never found out the real story. Doug embraces Vicky.
109) 1) dialog: Judy knew the secret and, of course, was relieved Vicky had not been hurt worse, or killed. With Vicky leaving to go back to New York, Judy's plans to rescue Vicky from her own fate were put on terminal hold.
110) 1) dialog: When Cristina returned from Antibes, Vicky told her the whole tale, and Cristina thought it was sad how much Vicky had wanted Juan Antonio and was unable to say or do anything about it.
111) 1) dialog: Vicky went home to have her grand wedding to Doug... Doug gets off the escalator and walks out of frame. Crist and Vicky walk off the escalator and across the main floo NARRATOR (V.0.) (cont'd) ...to the house they both finally settled on, and to lead the life she had envisioned for herself before the summer in Barcelona. Cristina continued searching, certain only of what she didn't want. FADE TO BLACK.