2) 46) dialog: Thank you!
2) 54) dialog: I love that.
2) 58) dialog: Thank you, thank you, thank you very much!
2) 63) text: Sally sighs and starts to drift irresistibly toward Jack. Throughout, rag doll Sally gains substance as she gains conviction -- this is her first baby step toward that, no perceptible, but in any case RUDELY INTERRUPTED BY --
2) 73) dialog: continues to congratulate and be congratulated by the var citizens of Halloweenland.  The Mayor interjects, looking attention--
2) 76) dialog: Of course I do.  It always is, isn't it?
2) 81) text: The assembly breaks up.  Jack turns to leave but his path blocked by A COUPLE OF ADORABLY HIDEOUS KID MONSTERS.
2) 83) text: Jack rattles his bones once more for the kids.  They shri gleeful shriek and scamper off.
3) 6) dialog: makes his way past the markers and mausoleums.  He looks and, since Sally is hidden behind the tombstone, he doesn anyone.  He starts the long climb up Cemetery Ridge as he
3) 8) dialog: There are few who'd deny, at what I do I am the best For my talents are renowned far and wide
3) 12) text: Jack pauses a moment, as if letting these facts settle in heaves a huge sigh and sags miserably. Jack's ghost dog, ZERO, rises out of his grave, floats ov Jack and circles around him.  Trying to comfort his belov master, he drapes himself over Jack's shoulder and lays a sympathetic head on him. Hunched over with sorrow, Jack drags his bones on up the hill.
3) 13) dialog: Yet year after year, it's the same routine And I grow so weary of the sound of screams
3) 14) text: And I, Jack, the PUMPKIN KING! Have grown so tired of the same old thing....
3) 15) text: Zero drifts sadly to the ground, and flattens faithfully his master -- only his shiny little jack o'lantern nose o end of his pointy snout sticks up. Jack tragically reaches the crest of the long hill.  Zero follows, dragging along the ground after him.
3) 16) dialog: Oh somewhere deep inside of these bones An emptiness began to grow
3) 18) text: Jack gazes hopelessly out over Halloweenland.
3) 20) dialog: I'm a master of fright, and a demon of light And I'll scare you right out of your pants, boy
3) 27) dialog: Oh, there's an empty place in my bones That calls out for something unknown
3) 29) dialog: heads off with Zero, staggering away blind in his misery, while...
3) 34) text: Sally stares sadly into the empty spot Jack so recently o then turns and hobbles limply away.  She stops at a
4) 0) text: Lost in his private tragedy, Jack lurches heedlessly forw Looking around confused -- they've never been here before floats quickly after, hurrying to catch up.  Whimpering, Jack's coattails and pulls -- trying his best to get Jack stop, to turn around...
4) 1) dialog: No, Zero.
4) 2) text: Jack pulls free. Trying again, Zero grabs Jack by the leg, wrapping his mo around Jack's skinny shin bone.
4) 3) dialog: No.  No playing today, Zero... I'm just not in the mood.
4) 4) text: Zero lets go and Jack marches wretchedly forward.
6) 23) dialog: Ow!
6) 25) dialog: Where am I?
6) 26) text: Zero barks his haunted ghost bark.  Jack seems to notice
6) 27) dialog: Zero!  Where are we?  We've never been here, have we, boy?
6) 28) text: Jack takes a few steps one direction and looks curiously, few steps in another direction and looks -- and looks.
6) 29) dialog: It's some place new.
6) 30) text: Zero circles Jack, whirling him around, trying to aim him toward home.  But Jack resists.  He wants to see whatever is to see. He proceeds deeper into the woods.
7) 0) text: The Mayor's hearse pulls up in front of Jack's tower.  Th climbs out, arms brimming with blueprints and plans.  He to Jack's door -- his self-confident face on -- and bangs knocker.
7) 8) text: His blustery face back on, the Mayor shouts up to Jack's the top of the tower.
9) 0) text: Jack sits up in the snow bank where he has landed.  He lo excitedly around.  He marvels first at the miracle of sno
9) 2) dialog: What's this?  What's this? There's color everywhere... What's this? There's white things in the air... What's this? I can't believe my eyes I must be dreaming, Wake up, Jack, this isn't fair... What's this?
9) 4) dialog: What's this?  What's this? There's something very wrong... What's this? There're people singing songs... What's this? The streets are lined with Little creatures laughing, Everybody seems so happy, Have I possibly gone daffy...? What is this...?  What's this? There're children throwing snowballs Here instead of throwing heads. They're busy building toys And absolutely no one's dead.
9) 6) dialog: There's frost on every window, Oh, I can't believe my eyes, And in my bones I feel a warmth That's coming from inside...
9) 7) text: Jack peeks into warmly-lighted homes...  Jack uses his co Halloween trickster skills to see without being seen...
9) 8) dialog: Oh, look, what's this? They're hanging mistletoe... They kiss -- Why that looks so unique... Inspired! They're gathering around to hear a story, Roasting chestnuts on a fire...  What's this? What's this?  In here They've got a little tree... how queer! And who would ever think... and why? They're covering it with Tiny little things, they've got Electric lights on strings, and there's a Smile on everyone, so now Correct me if I'm wrong... This looks like fun, This looks like fun, Oh, could it be I got my wish...?  What's this?
9) 9) text: Jack enters the CHILDRENS' cozy BEDROOM in one house...
9) 10) dialog: Oh my, what now? The children are asleep...  But look -- There's nothing underneath...  No ghouls No witches here to scream and scare them ... or ensnare them... Only cozy little things Secure inside their dreamland...  What's this?
9) 11) text: Distracted, Jack goes off to leave the child at whom he h peering suddenly wide awake and terrified... Jack is back outside...
9) 12) dialog: The monsters are all missing And the nightmares can't be found And in their place there seems to be Good feeling all around... Instead of screams I swear I can hear Music in the air. The smell of cakes and pies Is absolutely everywhere... The sights, the sounds, They're everywhere and all around... I've never felt so good before... The empty place inside of me is filling up I simply cannot get enough. I want it, oh, I want it... Oh, I want it for my own. I've got to know I've got to know What is this place that I have found? WHAT IS THIS???
9) 13) text: Jack darts this way and that and runs and runs, trying to fill of this strange new wonderful place. He trips and falls and starts to roll and as he rolls he snow -- he becomes a gigantic snowball barrelling through Christmas town, stopping only when he SLAMS INTO ONE OF TWO GIGANTIC CANDY CANES... between which spans a sign.  Jack bursts out of his snow only to have fresh snow dumped on him which falls from th between the two tall candy canes. Jack shakes himself free of this fresh heap of snow, look the wide welcoming sign: CHRISTMASTOWN
9) 15) dialog: .... Christmastown?  Hmmmmmmmm.
9) 16) text: Jack studies the town from this distance -- the lights gl heart-warmingly.
9) 17) dialog: Incredible.  I'll need proof...
12) 47) dialog: I'M BACK!
12) 50) dialog: I can't wait to tell all of you all about it! (to the Mayor) Mayor!  Call us a town meeting!
18) 0) text: Jack stands at a podium on a stage at the end of the big hall.  Set up beside him is a table piled high with (at t point) non-descripit objects. The murmuring crowd presses close to the stage.  Of cours and the Evil Scientist are absent. Jack holds up his hands for attention.
18) 1) dialog: Listen everyone.  I want to tell you about where I've been!
18) 4) dialog: There were objects so peculiar They were not to be believed All around things to tantalize my brain. It's a world unlike anything I've ever seen And as hard as I try... I can't seem to describe Like a most improbable dream... But you must believe when I tell you this It's as real as my skull, and it does exist.
18) 5) text: Turning to sort through the objects on the table, Jack sp
18) 6) dialog: Here...  Let me show you.
18) 9) text: Jack holds up a wrapped gift:
18) 10) dialog: This is a thing called a present. The whole thing starts with a box...
18) 12) text: Jack interrupts their excited babbling:
18) 13) dialog: If you please!!!
18) 15) dialog: Just a box with bright colored paper And the whole thing topped with a bow.
18) 17) dialog: That's the point of the thing, not to know!
18) 19) dialog: Listen now, you don't understand. That's not the point of Christmasland.
18) 20) text: Jack shakes his finger at them:
18) 21) dialog: Now, pay attention.
18) 23) dialog: Now we pick up an oversized sock... And bang it like this on the wall.
18) 26) text: Jack is getting very frustrated:
18) 27) dialog: Let me explain.
18) 32) text: But doubt immediately overtakes the Mayor as Jack express exasperation with the way things are going...
18) 33) dialog: Everyone, please, now not so fast. There's something here that you don't quite grasp.
18) 34) text: Confident face evaporating, the Mayor skulks off. Jack looks down at the faces tipped up toward him -- in t expressions, puzzlement replaces eagerness.
18) 35) dialog: (to himself) Well, I may as well give them what they want.
18) 36) text: Jack picks up his song again -- the showman once more:
18) 37) dialog: And the best, I must confess, I have saved for the last For the ruler of this Christmasland... Is a fearsome king with a deep mighty voice Least, that is what I've come to understand. And I've also heard it told That he's something to behold Like a lobster, huge and red... And sets out to slay with his raingear on, Carting bulging sacks with his big great arms... That is, so I've heard it said.
18) 39) dialog: And on a dark, cold night Under full moonlight He flies off into a fog Like a vulture in the sky... And they call him -- Sandy Claws.
18) 42) text: They erupt into giddy chatter. Jack watches them from the stage, then turns to his displ and begins gathering up his many Christmasland souvenirs.
18) 43) dialog: (sings wistfully to himself) Well, at least they're excited, But they don't understand That special kind of feeling ... In Christmasland.
18) 44) text: Jack shakes a Frosty the Snowman paper weight and dreamil watches the little snowflakes drift down.
18) 45) dialog: Oh well....
19) 0) text: Jack happily decorates his room with the Christmasland so -- He festoons the electric chair with boughs of holly an sprig of mistletoe atop the confining head cap. -- He tosses wreaths around the necks of the gargoyles th down from corners of the ceiling. -- He ties a red bow on Zero.
19) 2) dialog: It's not quite right; something's wrong... But what?...
20) 5) dialog: Good morning.
20) 8) dialog: Is the doctor in?
20) 10) text: Answering for her, Jack strides right in:
20) 11) dialog: (calls to the doctor) It's Jack Skellington.
20) 13) text: Jack heads back.  Sally looks tragically after.
21) 9) text: Suddenly afraid for Jack, Sally wheels around and stumble
22) 5) dialog: Sooner or later this Christmas will yield up its secrets to me.  I'll crack it!  I will!
23) 0) text: Hiding in the shadows of the building across the street, stares up at Jack's room. She pulls back out of sight once -- when the Evil Scienti passes, obviously looking for her -- but steps out again as he's gone. Other citizens of Halloween look up at Jack's windows as pass and shake their heads with concern, but only Sally k vigil.
24) 0) text: Jack stands at the chalkboard where he's scribbled elabor formulae: Good Cheer + Roasting Chestnuts + Sandy Claws = Christmas Fun.  Sugar Plums + Christmas trees + Rudolf, t Nosed Reindeer = Christas Fun.  Presents + Mistletoe + Sn = Christmas Fun.  If A = B and B = C and A = C, then what
27) 4) text: Something's up with Jack, something's up with Jack... A THIRD VAMPIRE adds his voice...
28) 0) text: Jack stands in the center of his room, a demon possessed, surrounded by Christmas mayhem -- the glittery decoration toys and books strewn all about him. He sings:
28) 1) dialog: Christmastime is buzzing in my skull. Will it let me be?  I cannot tell. There're so many things I cannot grasp... When I think I've got it, then at last Through my bony fingers it does slip Like a snowflake in a fiery grip. Something's here I'm not quite getting Though I try, I keep forgetting Like a memory long since past Here in an instant, gone in a flash... What does it mean?  What does it mean? In these little bric-a-brac, A secret waiting to be cracked. These dolls and toys confuse me so... Confound it all -- I love it though! Simple objects nothing more But something's hidden through the door. Though I do not have the key, Something's there I cannot see. What does it mean?  What does it mean? I've read these Christmas books so many times I know the stories and I know the rhymes I know the Christmas carols all by heart... My skull's so full, it's tearing me apart. As often as I read them, something's wrong... So hard to put my bony finger on...
28) 2) text: A thought strikes Jack.  He takes a new tack...  He whirl around, singing...
28) 3) dialog: Or perhaps it's really not as Deep as I've been led to think. Am I trying much too hard...? Of course!  I've been too close to see! The answer's right in front of me! It's simple really, very clear, Like music drifting in the air Invisible but everywhere. Just because I cannot see it Doesn't mean I can't believe it.
28) 4) text: Enthusiasm takes the place of torment.  Joy lightens Jack tortured soul.
28) 5) dialog: You know I think this Christmas thing -- It's not as tricky as it seems. And why should they have all the fun? It should belong to anyone... Not anyone, in fact, but me! Why, I could make a Christmas tree. And there's no reason I can find That I couldn't handle Christmastime. I bet I could improve it too! And that's exactly what I'll do!
28) 6) text: Jack hurries to the window and throws it open.
28) 7) dialog: (shouts out) EUREKA!
28) 10) text: They smile up at their beloved Skeleton Jack.  All except Sally.
29) 0) text: A LINE of waiting Halloweeners extends out the entrance d The word, 'Christmas,' buzzes in the air. Sally stands in line with everyone else -- somewhere near back, just behind the members of the Street Band.  She pr what she's going to say to Jack when it's her turn --
30) 0) text: At the end of the hall is Jack. To one side of him is his Christmas treasure trunk filled brim with dolls and toys and decorations. On the other side, the Mayor sits at a table.  Before him open scroll -- a long list.  With his raven feather pen, Mayor enthusiastically marks off items and occasionally s notes: forging ahead with the making of Christmas, he and are giving out assignments to the citizens of Halloweenla At the moment, Jack discusses dollmaking with a COUPLE OF VAMPIRES...  One of the vampires cradles an example of a in the palm of his hand.  As he rocks it, its eyes close lying down, but open when it's brought upright.  The doll cries -- bleating sadly. The Vampires make a face at one another.
30) 3) dialog: Can you handle it?
30) 5) dialog: I knew it!
30) 6) text: The Vampires scurry off, still studying the babydoll -- l for other improvements. Jack turns to the Evil Scientist.
30) 7) dialog: Doctor -- just the man I wanted to see.
30) 8) text: Jack pulls a book out of his trunk.  He leafs through it PICTURE OF SANTA'S REINDEER hooked up to the sleigh and s Evil Scientist.
30) 9) dialog: I need some of these.
30) 10) text: The Evil Scientist peers closely at the picture of the re in Jack's book, making quick calculations.
30) 26) dialog: Excellent.
30) 29) text: Jack waves Lock, Shock & Barrel over...
30) 30) dialog: I have a very important, very delicate job for you.
30) 31) text: They come close and huddle before him.  Jack whispers his they titter, half-whispering themselves.
37) 0) text: Lock, Shock & Barrel head for the forest that Jack wander through.
38) 3) dialog: works with the Street Band.  Demonstrating, he shakes a h piece studded with sleigh bells.  The bells jingle cheerf
38) 4) dialog: Okay.  Now you.
38) 5) text: The members of the Band rattle their bones in response -- legs and arms, echoing the jingle of the bells, but with own distinctive hollow CLANK. Jack laughs, enormously pleased.
38) 6) dialog: Perfect!...  Now let's try this...
38) 7) text: Using various jingling bells, Jack shakes out the tune to Bells." The Band clanks the tune right back -- phrase for phrase.
38) 9) dialog: (calls after) Thanks!  You're the absolute best!
38) 11) dialog: Hi.  I've saved a really special job for you.
38) 13) dialog: (confidentially) I want you to be the one who makes my Sandy Claws outfit.
38) 14) text: She looks stunned.  Jack nods eagerly and pats her, mista silence for awe at the responsibility.
38) 15) dialog: I know you can do it.
38) 17) dialog: It's bright red, the reddest red you can imagine -- both the jacket and the pair of pants... The boots are black.  There's a big black belt that goes around the middle...  Oh, and there's white trim on the cuffs and collar.
38) 20) text: Jack suddenly looks confused.  He stops mid-gesture --
38) 21) dialog: Am I sure?
38) 22) text: Brow furrowing, he stares at the ceiling and thinks. Sally holds her breath, hoping... Finally, Jack shrugs.
38) 23) dialog: Well... the trim is traditionally white from everything I've studied, but if you think green would give it more dash...  I trust your judgement.  I know you'll do a great job.  Whatever you decide!
38) 26) dialog: strides excitedly to meet them, leaving Sally.
38) 29) dialog: (loud) That's not Sandy Claws!
38) 32) dialog: (louder) Not Sandy Claws!
38) 37) dialog: Which door!?
38) 39) dialog: WELL, TAKE HIM BACK!
38) 40) text: Jack turns to the Easter Bunny and speaks loudly and slow him, hoping to be understood.
38) 41) dialog: I'm very sorry for the inconvenience, sir.
38) 43) dialog: Shall I send somebody else for Sandy Claws?
38) 49) dialog: I told you -- there's more than one door!  Sandy Claws is behind the door shaped like this --
38) 53) dialog: (shouts after them) Take him home first.  And apologize again.  Be careful with Sandy Claws when you catch him!  Treat him nicely!
39) 0) text: Sally sits at a sewing machine, abjectly stitching Jack's Claus suit.  Finished with a long seam, she holds up the see how it's coming along... and shudders in its cheerful red glare.
39) 3) text: Jack supervises and approves as the residents of Hallowee busily manufacture the Halloween version of Christmas toy dolls, decorations, doing their well-intentioned best to the warmest, most magical Christmas yet.  The results of eager efforts, unbeknownst to them, often painfully miss mark: -- Barbie's a voodoo doll. -- The horrible-looking demon that springs from a Jack-In has a sweet decorative bow on it. -- Strings of electric lights are composed of tiny skulls which the colored lights gleam.
42) 7) dialog: It's perfect!  It couldn't be more perfect!
42) 8) text: Jack laughs -- his version of a booming laugh. Sally pulls out her needle to make a last minute adjustme one of the cuffs.  Then she sticks the needle back behind where it will be handy. Jack puts on his white beard and turns eagerly to check h
42) 10) dialog: Something's missing... but what?  I've got the beard, the coat, the boots, the belt--
42) 16) text: Reaching Jack, they dump the sack and reveal the prize in untying the knot and peeling back the sides, uncovering t legendary Sandy Claws.
42) 17) dialog: Sandy Claws!  Himself!  In person!  I can hardly believe it!  What a pleasure it is to meet you!
42) 18) text: Santa blinks.  Jack grabs his hand and shakes it.
42) 19) dialog: Why, you have hands...  You don't have claws at all...
42) 20) text: Santa looks around to see where he has been brought.  He horror at the "Christmas" decorations everywhere, at the sleigh, at the reindeer, at the staring residents of Halloweenland, at Jack before him in what looks very much deflated version of his own outfit.  THE SHOCK RENDERS HI SPEECHLESS.
42) 21) dialog: (delighted by Santa's reaction) Surprised, aren't you?  I knew you would be!  But you haven't seen anything yet...
42) 22) text: Jack pauses a beat for impact, then springs the good news
42) 23) dialog: You don't need to have another worry about Christmas this year.  Not a single care. We've seen to every detail.
42) 25) dialog: Consider this a vacation, Sandy, a reward.  You've worked hard for a long time.  It's your turn to take it easy. Leave everything to me... You're going to be so pleased. You just relax and enjoy yourself while you're here. (to Lock, Shock & Barrel) See that he's comfortable, boys...
42) 26) text: Lock, Shock and Barrel grab ahold of Santa to drag him of but Jack stops them--
42) 27) dialog: Just a second, fellas.
42) 28) text: Jack plucks the red cap off Santa's head.
42) 29) dialog: Of course!  That's what I'm missing....  You don't mind if I borrow it, do you?  Thanks!
42) 30) text: He pops Santa's cap on his own head.  It is too big and d charmingly over one of Jack's big eye sockets.  He grins biggest grin yet.
42) 45) text: Jack stands tall beside his sleigh.
42) 51) text: His speech is SUDDENLY INTERRUPTED BY THE DESCENT OF A THICK HALLOWEEN FOG. The fog swirls around the assembled crowd.  It licks at t Mayor.  It threatens to engulf Jack, the sleigh, the skel reindeer.
42) 52) dialog: Oh no...!
42) 55) dialog: I'll never get the sleigh off the ground in this.  The reindeer can't see an inch in front of their noses...
42) 59) dialog: (woe increasing) There go my hopes, my plans, my dreams... the tall-tales, the legends, the lies...
42) 60) text: There is a thin ghostly bark (O.S.) -- it belongs to Zero little jack o'lantern nose floats in... a tiny beacon pen the fog.
42) 62) dialog: (morose) No, Zero...  Not now...  Down, boy...
42) 64) dialog: (has a sudden idea) Hey!  WAIT A MINUTE!
42) 65) text: We HEAR the sounds of RUMMAGING, of Jack MUTTERING:
42) 66) dialog: Where did I put that book...? I know it's in here somewhere...  Here it is...
42) 67) text: We HEAR pages turned back and forth...  Then with charact melodramatic flourish Jack RECITES:
42) 68) dialog: 'Zero with your nose so bright, Won't you guide my sleigh tonight?'
42) 69) text: Barking, Zero swoops with pure joy. The crowd cheers. Zero floats to the front of the sleigh and takes position jack o'lantern nose glows brighter and brighter, soon illuminating the whole sleigh.  Jack leaps aboard.
42) 70) dialog: We're off!
42) 71) text: With a crack of his skeleton whip, Jack and his ghostly e are instantly aloft.  In a moment, they are gone...
42) 84) dialog: spins around to see A LITTLE BOY STARING UP AT HIM.  At t of Jack, the little boy looks stunned.
42) 85) dialog: Merry Christmas!
42) 86) text: Jack springs over to the boy.  The little boy stands froz place.  The chaos (O.S.) persists:  ("Where is he?"  "He' his bed?"  "No!"  "Check downstairs."  "You check downsta Overhead, footsteps thump to and fro.  The baby still baw Jack bends down to the little boy.
42) 87) dialog: And what is your name?
42) 89) dialog: I bet I have a special present for you anyway!
42) 90) text: Jack fishes into his big sack of toys.  He pulls a SHRUNK out by its hank of hair and hands it to the little boy.
42) 91) dialog: There you go, sonny!
42) 92) text: With a screeching "Ho, Ho, Ho," Jack springs back to the fireplace and WHOOSHES up the CHIMNEY to the...
43) 0) text: Jack leaps onto the remains of his coffin sleigh and off flies.
44) 0) text: Still standing where Jack left him, the little boy stares morosely into the grotesque face of the Shrunken Head. (O.S.) Footsteps charge down the steps and pound down the the living room doorway -- both parents at once.  We HEAR horrified reactions, their BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAMS.
45) 0) text: Several residents of Halloweenland eagerly crowd around t witches' cauldron to watch Jack whose giddy journey above rooftops is reflected in the bubbling brew.  The gatherin and ahhhs and applauds. Sally is not among those watching.  A shriek of joy makes peek forlornly out from behind a distant building.  She p back out of sight.
47) 0) text: Jack gleefully continues delivering Christmas, mistaking irate screams and shaking fists of citizens below for gra He waves and calls:
47) 1) dialog: YOU'RE WELCOME!!!
53) 0) text: Far below, the guns fire.  Jack mistakes the artillery fo fireworks.
53) 1) dialog: Doesn't that look fun, Zero?! They're celebrating!  They're thanking us for doing such a good job!
53) 3) dialog: (calls down) Whoa!  Careful down there, you guys!  That was a pretty close shave! (reassures Zero) It's okay, boy...  Head higher.
55) 0) text: Jack and his ghostly team now frantically but successfull a barrage of missiles... only in the next instant to suff DIRECT HIT and
57) 0) text: Clutching a burning bag of toys, Jack falls.  He holds on Zero -- who turns into a whimpering parachute. Jack, voice choked, cries out in anguished sincerity:
57) 1) dialog: Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!
57) 2) text: Jack lets go of Zero and plummets toward earth. EXT. CEMETERY. CHRISTMAS EVE/CONTINUOUS TIME. Jack lands hard, bones clattering.  Zero floats down besi
58) 0) text: For a long time, Jack doesn't move.  He lies flat, sprawl down across a couple of tombstones.  Finally, he hauls hi on a large stone cross.
58) 1) dialog: (voice weak) I thought I could be Santa.  I thought I could be better than Santa.  And what did I do instead?  Instead I killed Christmas.
58) 2) text: Crumpling, Jack weeps.  Zero, ever faithful, makes himsel hankie and wipes Jack's wet eyes. >>>>> JACK'S SADDEST OF SAD SONGS. Jack sings as if his heart had broken in two.  He is at h lowest of lows.  Yet, being Jack, being irrepressibly buo the end of the song, he has completely worked himself bac from grief very nearly to exuberance -- he must save Sant must restore Christmas as it should be! He opens a tombstone, lifting it up as easily as if it we door to a storm cellar and, filled with determination, ru down toward Halloweenland.
58) 8) dialog: I should say so.
58) 9) text: Jack sweeps Boogie off his feet and holds him above the p himself.  Immediately, the terrorizer is terrified.
58) 12) dialog: How about the whole show?
58) 16) dialog: For what I did, I deserve to be bone dust.
58) 17) text: Jack looks away from Santa's angry gaze.  He takes off Sa cap and replaces it on Santa's head...
58) 18) dialog: This is where it belongs...  I was only trying to do a good job, but I made a real mess of everything.  I'm sorry.
58) 19) text: Cringing, he unties Santa's gag.  Santa scowls and straig his cap but, rather than chastise Jack, immediately makes door.
58) 24) dialog: I hope it's not too late for him to set Christmas right.
58) 25) text: Jack sighs and drags himself up the deserted street.
58) 26) dialog: Well, Zero... I guess it's just you and me... (the thought dawns) ...And Sally.  She sure stuck by us, didn't she?
58) 27) text: Downcast as he stalks along, Jack doesn't notice when it to SNOW. At first, just a few sparkling flakes fall.
58) 35) text: Zero barks excitedly.  Jack finally looks up.
58) 36) dialog: (with wonder) It is snow...  But how?
58) 37) text: As if in answer to Jack's question we HEAR
58) 39) text: Jack joins in the celebration -- but seems always to be l around for someone.
59) 1) text: Soon, A SECOND VOICE joins in, making the song a DUET.  T second voice belongs to JACK. He has found Sally. Jack sings:
59) 2) dialog: My dearest friend, if you don't mind I'd like to join you by your side Let's sit together, you and I Alone, where we can watch the sky.