50) 0) text: Santa is behind bars, tied to a chair, in this dank, drip dark hell-hole that is Oogie Boogie's jail.
50) 9) text: They high-tail it out of there.  Oogie Boogie is on his w >>>>> OOGIE BOOGIE'S SONG. Oogie Boogie is an enormous shapeless sack, bulging with crawlies.  He rolls and oozes rather than walks. As Oogie Boogie's song concludes... a SHAPELY FEMALE LEG recognize as Sally's), wearing a high, high heel and expo to the garter, eases seductively into view outside the ja doorway. When there isn't an immediate reaction, the toe taps impa Oogie hears...
50) 10) dialog: Huh?
50) 12) dialog: Ooo la la...
54) 0) text: Santa's own hands are now free, attacking the rest of the that bind him while Sally's stray hand picks the lock on door.  In a moment, he is free.  In another moment, the d swings open. Grabbing Sally's arm, Santa lumbers out the door toward f Only Oogie Boogie himself stands in the way.
54) 1) dialog: has just reached the door.  Sally's crawling hand has alm reached him. Making lascivious noises, Oogie Boogie peeks out to see w body that belongs to such a gorgeous leg might possibly l and is surprised to find nothing there... no body at all.
54) 2) dialog: Huh?
57) 5) dialog: Now what am I going to do with you two?
57) 9) text: Oogie Boogie chuckles.  He leers at Sally.
57) 10) dialog: You were saying?
58) 5) dialog: Scrawny ol' things -- they haven't eaten in centuries. I'd say it's about time we put some meat on their bones, don't you?
58) 10) dialog: Jack!  How great to see you. We were all worried about you. I was just giving our guests here a... a tour of the place. I told them it was dangerous, but they insisted on a closer look.  What could I do?
58) 13) text: He dumps Oogie Boogie over the edge, but delicately keeps of a choice thread. AS HE FALLS, OOGIE BOOGIE UNRAVELS COMPLETELY. His insides escape into the dark -- with the sounds of wi flapping and feet skittering -- and, IN THE END, ALL THAT OF HIS SHAPELESS SACK OF A BODY IS ONE LONG THREAD. In the pit below, the crocodile skeletons scoot around, j clapping, having themselves a feast.