2) 0) text: A LUMPEN-LOOKING LONG-HAIRED WOMAN IN HEELS hurries away tortuously windy street.  This is SALLY.  For now, we see her backside, her waist-length hair. Behind her, and closer to us, a GHOUL tips into view to demonstrate his particular talent:
2) 2) text: Sally hesitates, listening.
2) 4) text: Sally is about to turn around, but as the ghoul vanishes, continues on her way.  We follow her. In a moment, a SECOND GHOUL sets upon her -- this one mor gruesome than the last.
2) 6) text: This ghoul is closer, louder and Sally does turn around n revealing that she's a crudely stitched together Bride Of Frankenstein Rag Doll.  Her balance is precarious.  Her a flop.  Her mouth is a tragic slash.  She has a quavering, voice:
2) 7) dialog: But the second ghoul has disappeared before she sees him. his voice remains...
2) 9) text: Invisible fingers lift Sally's long hair.  It is with pat eagerness that she looks around for whomever is responsib this.
2) 29) dialog: stumbles into view, still hurrying.  She sings with every else...
2) 32) dialog: excitedly spots someone coming -- though he's still out o for us:
2) 33) dialog: -- Everyone scream, won't ya Please make way for a special guy...
2) 37) dialog: -- King of the Pumpkin Patch.
2) 47) text: Sally watches htm longingly from the edge of the circle.
2) 61) dialog: (echoes) An inspiration...
2) 63) text: Sally sighs and starts to drift irresistibly toward Jack. Throughout, rag doll Sally gains substance as she gains conviction -- this is her first baby step toward that, no perceptible, but in any case RUDELY INTERRUPTED BY --
2) 66) dialog: No!
2) 67) text: Sally pulls back, trying to wriggle free of the scientist grasp.
2) 68) dialog: Let go!
2) 70) dialog: Have it then if you must!
3) 0) text: Utterly dejected, Sally crouches behind a tombstone.  She herself with her remaining arm.
3) 2) dialog: Oh... it's Jack...  Look at him -- he's so alive... So happy... He's so filled with confidence he could teach the wolves to howl!
3) 3) text: Sally lets out a little whimper of self-pity and collapse sight behind the tombstone to feel sorry for herself...
3) 4) dialog: He'll never notice me.  Why would he?  Why should he?
3) 5) text: Sally hugs herself again -- as best she can with her one
3) 31) dialog: JACK!  I KNOW YOU HARDLY KNOW ME, BUT --
3) 33) dialog: -- I feel the same way you do...
3) 34) text: Sally stares sadly into the empty spot Jack so recently o then turns and hobbles limply away.  She stops at a
5) 3) dialog: drops in the fresh sprigs of the herb.
5) 5) text: Alarmed, Sally screws the lid back on -- as quickly as sh with only one arm -- and hides the jar at the back of a c
5) 8) text: Gasping guiltily, Sally spins around.
5) 9) dialog: Yes.
5) 11) text: He holds up Sally's torn-off arm -- as well as a large sh needle threaded with a long strand of thread.
5) 12) dialog: Yes.
5) 14) dialog: Yes.
5) 17) text: He makes way for Sally. After a beat, Sally nods.  Resigned, she trudges past him He jauntily follows her.
6) 0) text: The Evil Scientist carefully sews Sally's arm back on -- the stitches are crude and the fit awkward.  The expressi her face is more tragic than ever.
6) 2) dialog: I know.
6) 4) dialog: I'm grown up now.  I have to leave some time.
6) 6) dialog: I can't help it.
6) 8) text: Sally whimpers sadly.
6) 10) dialog: I know.
6) 12) text: As anxious as she is to be away from here, Sally can't be thought of hurting anybody and instinctively tries to mak feel better.
6) 13) dialog: That's not true.  It's a beautiful home, wonderfully comfortable... I'm indebted to you for everything... It's just...
6) 15) dialog: Just me, I suppose...  I'm restless.  I can't help it.
6) 16) text: The scientist smiles, feeling Sally under his sway again. pats her consolingly, then finishes sewing on her arm and an elaborate knot at the end of his stitches.  He snips t thread and puts away his sewing kit.
6) 18) text: Sally heaves a big sigh.
6) 19) dialog: That's all....
8) 0) text: Sally peers out of an upper-storey window -- expression e despairing at once.
11) 1) dialog: (to herself) Regular dose...  Double dose... Double, double dose.  He'll be able to smell a double, double dose of Deadly Night Shade... Anybody could.
11) 3) dialog: Frog's Breath will overpower any smell.
11) 5) dialog: (choking) Sweet Pea...  Where's that Sweet Pea...  Too bitter... Too bitter...
11) 10) text: Sally finally gets the jar open.  As fast as she can, she it into the soup and hovers above the pot.  In a moment, Sweet Pea takes effect and Sally's strength begins to ret
11) 11) dialog: (gasps) Coming...
11) 13) text: Still a bit shaky, Sally reaches for one more jar.  The l this one reads, "Worm's Wart."
11) 14) dialog: (hoarsely) A handful of Worm's Wart just for distraction.  It'll throw him off the trail for sure...
12) 0) text: The Evil Scientist is at his lab table, peering into a mi and thinking -- which, for him, involves lifting off the his skull and tickling and scrambling the brains inside. Sally carries in a tray holding his bowl of soup.
12) 1) dialog: Lunch.
12) 6) text: He glances suspiciously at Sally.
12) 8) dialog: (stammers; feigns innocence) Nothing.  W-w-what are you talking about?
12) 9) text: The scientist pushes the bowl of soup toward Sally.
12) 11) dialog: But why?  It's your lunch. There isn't much there in the first place.
12) 13) dialog: No.
12) 15) dialog: I'm not hungry. (acts all hurt) What's wrong?  I spent all morning on that soup.  I thought you liked Worm's Wart.
12) 17) text: He dips a spoon into the soup then holds it up to Sally.
12) 19) text: Sally crumples.
12) 20) dialog: But I have to go out. Something's happening out there.
12) 26) dialog: Can't you make other creations?
12) 28) text: It works.  He wears Sally down:
12) 29) dialog: (interrupts) All right...  All right... I'll eat it.
16) 0) text: Sally and the Evil Scientist are both asleep -- the Evil scientist snores, his head on the lab table beside the no bowl; Sally has fallen asleep on her way through the door hat on, arm half-way into the sleeve of her coat.
20) 0) text: Still suffering the effects of her own sleeping potion, a disheveled Sally drags through the house. The DOORBELL RINGS (O.S.). Sally turns sluggishly.
20) 1) dialog: (slowly) Who could that be?
20) 6) dialog: (voice little) Y-you don't have to say that. You don't need to pretend.  Not with me.
20) 13) text: Jack heads back.  Sally looks tragically after.
21) 0) text: As Sally shuffles timidly into the room, the scientist do look up from his reading.
21) 1) dialog: (blurts) Jack Skellington was here this morning.
21) 4) dialog: He stayed a long time.
21) 6) dialog: When he left, he took a lot of equipment with him.
21) 8) dialog: Experiments?
21) 9) text: Suddenly afraid for Jack, Sally wheels around and stumble
21) 14) dialog: Dear Doctor...  Please don't come after me again.  Please let me go this time.  I am all grown up and need to find my own life now.  I hope you will understand, some day at least. Signed -- Sally.  P.S. I'll come visit very soon.  P.P.S. There's fresh soup in the 'fridge.  P.P.P.S. It isn't spiked.
22) 0) text: Sally lands on the street outside -- sprawled, torn apart stuffing flowing out, stitches burst. In a moment, she flops upright.  She pulls out the needle thread, threads the needle and, glancing every so often o shoulder at the Evil Scientist's house, hurriedly proceed herself back together again. The job done.  She stashes the needle and thread and wobb stitches are looser than the doctor's) gets to her feet t only she's sewed one of her legs on backwards -- so that takes a step, her legs walk in opposite directions and sh right over. She lets out a little moan of frustration.  Swivelling, s back at the house, afraid of getting caught... She works even faster now, ripping out the stitches on th she replaced backwards and basting it back on facing forw These stitches are really huge and ungainly.  Still, they substantial enough to allow her to get to her feet and to away, though limping rather badly.
23) 0) text: Hiding in the shadows of the building across the street, stares up at Jack's room. She pulls back out of sight once -- when the Evil Scienti passes, obviously looking for her -- but steps out again as he's gone. Other citizens of Halloween look up at Jack's windows as pass and shake their heads with concern, but only Sally k vigil.
26) 0) text: Sally is back at her post across the street, watching
27) 0) text: Sally sleeps curled in the doorway across the street.  Sh to
27) 11) text: Sally stays back, separate from the crowd, silent.
28) 10) text: They smile up at their beloved Skeleton Jack.  All except Sally.
28) 11) dialog: (sadly to herself) Oh Jack...  Now what fever has engulfed you?  Your poor sensitive mind...
28) 12) text: Sally stares up at him...
29) 0) text: A LINE of waiting Halloweeners extends out the entrance d The word, 'Christmas,' buzzes in the air. Sally stands in line with everyone else -- somewhere near back, just behind the members of the Street Band.  She pr what she's going to say to Jack when it's her turn --
29) 1) dialog: (whispers almost inaudibly to herself) Jack, you must let go of this insanity.  Don't make this mistake.  Taking over Christmas is no way to fill the gaping hole you feel inside.
29) 2) text: Sally cowers as she hears the Mayor call:
29) 4) text: Sally ducks out of sight behind the FURRY BEHEMOTH in bac as the
38) 0) text: A very anxious Sally stands at the head of the line, in a going over and over what she intends to say:
38) 1) dialog: (almost inaudibly) Jack, you must let go of this insanity...  This is a mistake...
38) 8) dialog: watches with an increasing sense of doom as her turn with nears. Jack heartily shakes hands and back-slaps the three membe the street band.  They head off practicing...
38) 10) text: He turns to Sally -- who stands frozen, wide-eyed, her he wild bird trapped in the cage of her chest.  He smiles encouragingly at her.
38) 18) text: Swallowing hard, Sally looks up at him, her wide eyes moi voice is tiny.
38) 19) dialog: Are you sure, Jack?
38) 22) text: Brow furrowing, he stares at the ceiling and thinks. Sally holds her breath, hoping... Finally, Jack shrugs.
38) 27) dialog: flees, mortified, miserable.  She had hoped to help Jack, spare him the pain of his enterprise, to save him from hi Floppy and weak (her legs lost some stuffing in her jump Evil Scientist's window), she runs as best she can, arms pinwheeling...
39) 0) text: Sally sits at a sewing machine, abjectly stitching Jack's Claus suit.  Finished with a long seam, she holds up the see how it's coming along... and shudders in its cheerful red glare.
39) 1) dialog: If only he would come back to his senses...
39) 2) text: Shaking her head, she sets the suit back in place to stit another seam. But Sally is alone in her distress.  Beyond her -- the li Halloween factory gladly hums along making Christmas.
42) 6) dialog: morosely helps Jack on with the red coat of his Santa Cla outfit.  He already wears the pants and boots.  Jack is positively thrilled with the costume.
42) 8) text: Jack laughs -- his version of a booming laugh. Sally pulls out her needle to make a last minute adjustme one of the cuffs.  Then she sticks the needle back behind where it will be handy. Jack puts on his white beard and turns eagerly to check h
42) 24) text: Santa's eyes go wide and he begins to sputter -- searchin the words that could conceivably express the depths of hi feelings. Sally looks on, horrified.
42) 31) dialog: (chants softly to herself) There must be something... There must be something... There must be something I can do to stop him...  I know! I'll make him some tea!
42) 48) dialog: hurries back with a steaming cup of her special sleeping- tea.
42) 53) dialog: gazes about her in happy wonder.  The sight of the fog br wide, welcoming look of hope to her face. She dumps out the tea -- it eats a hole in the ground -- won't be needing it after all...
42) 72) dialog: gapes into the swirling fog.  She stares miserably into t she emptied, then back up into the fog-choked sky.
45) 0) text: Several residents of Halloweenland eagerly crowd around t witches' cauldron to watch Jack whose giddy journey above rooftops is reflected in the bubbling brew.  The gatherin and ahhhs and applauds. Sally is not among those watching.  A shriek of joy makes peek forlornly out from behind a distant building.  She p back out of sight.
49) 0) text: Sally picks up the broadcast in the sewing needle she stu behind her ear:
49) 2) text: Hearing this, Sally too is in a panic.  She runs one way, the other.
49) 3) dialog: I've got to help Jack!
50) 9) text: They high-tail it out of there.  Oogie Boogie is on his w >>>>> OOGIE BOOGIE'S SONG. Oogie Boogie is an enormous shapeless sack, bulging with crawlies.  He rolls and oozes rather than walks. As Oogie Boogie's song concludes... a SHAPELY FEMALE LEG recognize as Sally's), wearing a high, high heel and expo to the garter, eases seductively into view outside the ja doorway. When there isn't an immediate reaction, the toe taps impa Oogie hears...
51) 0) text: Meantime, the REST OF SALLY hops on her remaining leg aro outside of Boogie's jail to the BACK. She peeks through the tiny, barred window to SEE
51) 2) dialog: (whispers) Sandy...
51) 4) dialog: (cuts him off before he can yell) Ssh.  I'm here to help you.
51) 6) text: Sally reaches in through the bars, straining to touch San Claus.  He tries to move the chair toward her, but, try a might, he can't.  He is ready to burst with frustration.
51) 8) dialog: You discourage too easily. Just hang on.
51) 9) text: She pulls off both her arms -- the left yanks the right o the socket, popping the stitches, and the right yanks the Santa swallows his scream of horror as Sally's unattached crawl through the bars and into the cell with him.
54) 0) text: Santa's own hands are now free, attacking the rest of the that bind him while Sally's stray hand picks the lock on door.  In a moment, he is free.  In another moment, the d swings open. Grabbing Sally's arm, Santa lumbers out the door toward f Only Oogie Boogie himself stands in the way.
57) 6) dialog: You try anything and you just wait 'til Jack gets back.
57) 9) text: Oogie Boogie chuckles.  He leers at Sally.
58) 15) dialog: (with glad relief) We heard you'd been pulverized to bone dust.
59) 0) text: As the celebrating goes on in town below, Sally climbs Ce Hill.  Sitting down at the top, she looks out at the roun which shines behind the curtain of falling snow.  She is sing a brief reprise of
59) 1) text: Soon, A SECOND VOICE joins in, making the song a DUET.  T second voice belongs to JACK. He has found Sally. Jack sings: