0) 4) dialog: 'Twas a long time ago, quite a bit to be fair In a place that I'm sure you are quite unaware. For our story that you are about to be told Began in the holiday worlds of old. Without holidays, goodness, how dull life would be Without their distraction and pleasure and glee. The calendar makes a SUDDEN STOP AT CHRISTMAS. The calendar page peels back to reveal the first hint of the black and white of the year.  Smoke curls up from the of a snow-covered cottage in a clearing of a snow-covered forest.  THE STOP IS ONLY FOR A BEAT. Then the calendar speeds on.
0) 5) dialog: But our holidays are the result of much fuss And hard work for the worlds that must make them for us The calendar STOPS again.  This time at VALENTINE'S DAY. This stop is short, but longer than the last -- as each subsequent stop will be. In Valentine-ville, FAT CUPIDS shoot arrows at distant ch dripping hearts: target practice.
0) 6) dialog: See, each holiday town works all year to create Twenty-four special hours, fantastically great. Soon the calendar whirls on.  Next STOP is
0) 8) dialog: Fleeting twenty-four hours take long to prepare, A full year of planning and plenty of care. But now getting back to the story at hand I should mention THIS POINT about holiday lands -- The calendar flips to the FOURTH OF JULY. FIREWORKS. -- ABE LINCOLN fires a cannon.  The cannonball explodes m showering down the word, "HAPPY." -- BETSY ROSS uses a SPARKLER to write the word, "FOURTH. -- PAUL REVERE sets off the first of six rockets.  Rocket erupts into an "O."  #2 traces an "F" -- together they re Rocket #3 won't light.  Neither will #4, #5, or #6.  Paul panicks. But PAUL REVERE'S HORSE saves the day.  He kicks off his horseshoes -- shooting them at the side of a wooden fence they hit the boards each becomes a letter: "J," "U," "L,"
0) 9) dialog: For each one, way back when, was alas unaware Of the others' existence, now I've said it -- so there! The calendar pages tear on, slowing at October 29, slowin at, and stopping at the 31st.
0) 10) dialog: But once there occurred a calamity SO GREAT! When two of the worlds did collide by mistake... The october 31st page peels back to... nothing.  To BLACK fall in, or perhaps it should feel more like we're swallo TITLE SEQUENCE. Carved JACK O'LANTERNS come at us in the long tunnel of d Collision seems inevitable, but in the instant before we slam into them, the jack o'lanterns veer off, turning to the various credits on their uncarved backsides. When the last jack o'lantern zooms toward us, it doesn't off.  It keeps coming and fast.  Rather than collide with though -- we fall straight into one of the PUMPKINHEAD'S OUT, TRIANGULAR EYES into the further black there and out
30) 8) text: Jack pulls a book out of his trunk.  He leafs through it PICTURE OF SANTA'S REINDEER hooked up to the sleigh and s Evil Scientist.
40) 0) text: The factory looks like it was constructed by a master gin house maker, all dandy jigsaw angles and bulbous shapes a filigree.  There's a calendar that tells the NUMBER OF DA 'TIL CHRISTMAS -- it says ONE. At quaint conveyor belts, SANTA'S ELVES work their hardes -- Assembling the Christmas toys we most sentimentally as with Christmas, among them -- cherubic baby dolls in bonn gowns, gorgeously painted wooden rocking horses. -- Wrapping the beautiful gifts, colorful papers, elabora -- Labelling packages.
41) 0) text: Santa's team of sleigh-pulling reindeer practices roof ju techniques.  One YOUNG BUCK lands with a splat and must t again.
42) 18) text: Santa blinks.  Jack grabs his hand and shakes it.
42) 20) text: Santa looks around to see where he has been brought.  He horror at the "Christmas" decorations everywhere, at the sleigh, at the reindeer, at the staring residents of Halloweenland, at Jack before him in what looks very much deflated version of his own outfit.  THE SHOCK RENDERS HI SPEECHLESS.
42) 24) text: Santa's eyes go wide and he begins to sputter -- searchin the words that could conceivably express the depths of hi feelings. Sally looks on, horrified.
42) 26) text: Lock, Shock and Barrel grab ahold of Santa to drag him of but Jack stops them--
42) 28) text: Jack plucks the red cap off Santa's head.
42) 30) text: He pops Santa's cap on his own head.  It is too big and d charmingly over one of Jack's big eye sockets.  He grins biggest grin yet.
50) 0) text: Santa is behind bars, tied to a chair, in this dank, drip dark hell-hole that is Oogie Boogie's jail.
50) 1) dialog: (bellows) OUT!  LET ME OUT!  I'VE GOT TO GET OUT OF HERE NOW!  IT'S CHRISTMAS!!!
51) 5) dialog: (whispered with all the force of shouting) Get me out of here!
51) 7) dialog: It's no use...
51) 9) text: She pulls off both her arms -- the left yanks the right o the socket, popping the stitches, and the right yanks the Santa swallows his scream of horror as Sally's unattached crawl through the bars and into the cell with him.
54) 0) text: Santa's own hands are now free, attacking the rest of the that bind him while Sally's stray hand picks the lock on door.  In a moment, he is free.  In another moment, the d swings open. Grabbing Sally's arm, Santa lumbers out the door toward f Only Oogie Boogie himself stands in the way.
54) 3) text: It dawns on him that he's been had.  Roaring, he wheels a only to see that Santa is loose and coming toward him.  H louder and starts forward to set things right when...
54) 9) dialog: grabs up Sally's arm still holding the string and is abou sweep up her other leg and the rest of her when there is
58) 17) text: Jack looks away from Santa's angry gaze.  He takes off Sa cap and replaces it on Santa's head...
58) 19) text: Cringing, he unties Santa's gag.  Santa scowls and straig his cap but, rather than chastise Jack, immediately makes door.
58) 20) dialog: No time to talk now...  I've got to go fix Christmas!
58) 21) text: Santa charges off.
59) 5) dialog: And finally, everything worked out just fine -- Christmas was saved, though there wasn't much time. But, after that night, things were never the same, Each holiday now knew the other one's name. And so when their long isolation had ended, They cautiously reached out, and slowly befriended. And each shared a bit of the things that they had With each other, and found out it wasn't so bad -- They had snowflakes in Halloween, those we could spare, And we here in Christmas enjoyed a few scares. The fireworks gave the Easter Bunnies a thrill And St. Patrick's Day cherishes Easter Eggs still. And though that one Christmas, things got out of hand, I'm still rather fond of that skeleton man. Though misguided I think his intentions were good. He was just a poor skeleton misunderstood. So many years later I thought I'd drop in, And there was old Jack, still looking quite thin. With four or five skeleton children at hand Playing strange little tunes in their xylophone band. And I asked old Jack, 'Do you remember the night, When the sky was so dark, and the moon shone so bright? 'When a million small children pretending to sleep Nearly didn't have Christmas at all, so to speak? 'And would, if you could, turn that mighty clock back To that long fateful night?  Now, think carefully, Jack. 'Would you do the whole thing all over again? Knowing what you know now, knowing what you knew then?' And he smiled like the old Pumpkin King that I knew, Then turned, and asked softly of me... 'Wouldn't you?'