1) 159) dialog: Fall. Semester, 2008
2) 0) text: As MARK busts out of the bar, past Bobby the door guy and the population of Harvard Square.
13) 3) text: MARK makes a few more keystrokes and two pictures of two Harvard girls come up on the screen. After a moment... ALL
31) 8) text: Harvard's computer system's about to crash. CUT TO:
33) 16) text: Eight percent of the male population of Harvard had been on it within two hours? MARK (BEAT)
34) 0) text: The Harvard Crew is practicing on two-man sculls. There a three boats that are running roughly even with each other the two-man crews are rowing with all they've got. We're gliding along with them in the water-- CREW MEMBER (SHOUTING)
35) 0) text: Two stacks of The Crimson, Harvard's student newspaper, g dropped on the floor as TYLER and CAMERON walk by--their loaded with mountains of eggs and pancakes and carbs. Everyone knows and loves them in this 200 year old dining and they wave and shout to a few people and whisper to a couple of very pretty girls before taking a seat next to NARENDRA, a nice looking Indian student whose face is in copy of the Crimson. CAMERON
35) 8) text: He set up a website where you vote on the hotness of female Harvard undergrads. What were we doing that none of us heard about this? CAMERON
37) 4) text: Uh...I've, you know, I've apologized in the Crimson to the ABHW, to Fuerza Latina and to any women at Harvard who might have been insulted as I take it they were by the things that have been said tome in the last week. As for any charges stemming from the breach of security, I believe I deserve some sort of recognition from this Ad Board. ADMINISTRATOR (PAUSE)
37) 13) text: Mr. Zuckerberg, I'm in charge of security for all computers on the Harvard system. I can assure you of its sophistication and in fact it was that level of sophistication that led us to you in less four hours.    
40) 0) text: MARX is in his Operating Systems class. This is considere hardest class at Harvard and MARK is one of the 50 studen with their laptops open as the professor takes them throu impossibly difficult lesson, PROFESSOR
42) 21) text: Well we've been working for a while on an idea. It's called HarvardConnecti.on. You create your own page, Picture, bio, interests, friends. TYLER
42) 26) text: Harvard-dot-E--D-U. CAMERON
42) 27) text: Harvard.edu. The most prestigious e-mail address in the country. TYLER
42) 28) text: This site would be based on the idea that girls want to meet guys who go to Harvard. The difference between what we're talking about and MySpace, FRIENDSTER--- MARK
46) 6) text: Did you answer affirmatively? When Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss and Divya Narendra asked you to build HarvardConnection, did you say yes? MARK
56) 9) text: Ma'am, I know you've done your homework and so you know that money isn't a big part of my life, but at the moment I could buy Harvard University, take the Phoenix Club and turn it into my ping pong -room. CUT TO:
58) 3) text: At any time in the three weeks prior to Mark telling you his idea, did he mention Tyler Winklevoss, Cameron Winklevoss, Divya Narendra or HarvardConnection? EDUARDO
58) 7) text: Yes. He resented--Mark resented that they- --that your clients, probably thought he would jump at the chance to rehabilitate his image after the Facemash thing but Mark didn't want to rehabilitate anything. With Facemash he'd beaten the Harvard computers, he'd beaten the Ad Board and he made the girls mad. Facemash did what he wanted it to do. MARK kind of nods a little to himself. It should be noted these depositions have an extra element of dish ort as everything is being said within a few feet of the peop" b talked about. GAGE
58) 10) text: Were you aware that while Mr. Zuckerberg was building TheFacebook, he was leading the plaintiffs to believe he was building Harvard Connection? SY
60) 3) text: "I read over all the stuff you sent me re Harvard Connection and it seems like it shouldn't take too long to implement, so we can talk about it after I get all the basic functionality up tomorrow night." CUT TO:
69) 0) text: The MUSIC CONTINUES-- It's snowing and cold as hell. EDUARDO's now with a small group of prospective members, most of whom are in their underwear with a couple of them wearing pants. They're al blue and shivering. They're gathered around a statue of J Harvard as a senior announces-- SENIOR
69) 1) text: As the plaque reads, this is John Harvard, founder of Harvard University in 1638. It's also called The Statue of Three Lies. What are the three lies? SOPHOMORE (SHOUTING)
69) 10) text: 1) Harvard was founded in 1636, not 1638. 2) Harvard wasn't founded by John Harvard and 3) That's not John Harvard. SENIOR
71) 1) text: 39 days after Mr. ГўВЂВўZuokerberg's initial meeting with my clients and he still hadn't completed work on HarvardConnection. But on January 11, 2003-- CUT TO:
73) 1) text: To the best of your knowledge, had he even begun work on HarvardConnection? EDUARDO
75) 10) text: Match-dot-com for Harvard guys? GAGE
76) 52) text: "Jabberwockl2@Harvard E-D-U." MARK
77) 0) text: THE CROCODILLOS, Harvard's oldest male a Capella group, a singing at the front of the pub in their usual uniform of white tie and tails. Incongruously, but with surprisingly nice results, the gr is covering a song from The Backstreet-Boys--"I Want it T Way"--and the pub full of students is loving it. We find a table in the back where DIVYA is sitting with s of his friends who are having a nice time. DIVYA's got hi laptop open. MALE FRIEND
79) 14) text: (reading off the computer) "Welcome to theFacebook, TheFacebook is an online directory that connects people through social networks. You must have a Harvard.edu address to register." CAMERON (INTO PHONE)
79) 73) text: Because we're gentlemen of Harvard. (BEAT)
79) 74) text: This is Harvard. You don't plant stories and you don't sue people. (BEAT)
80) 15) text: You also knew that Cameron and Tyler were members of a Harvard final club called the Porcellian. MARK
80) 22) text: From that you're deducing that I didn't go to them because I didn't want them to know what I was working on? I went to my best friend for the money because he's who I wanted to be partners with because of our similar vision and his superior business skills. Eduardo was president of the Harvard Investors Association and he was my best friend.    
82) 8) text: EXT./EST. AUDITORIUMi - NIGHT The lamps in Harvard Yard light the snow falling. SPEAKER (VO)
82) 9) text: The seminal event for me was when he was in Harvard Square and picked up a copy of Popular Electronics Magazine that ha the MITS Altair Kit on the cover.
84) 19) text: Are you a moron?/Are you medically stupid?/You can't recognize Bill Gates when he's standing in front of you for an hour?/Mark Zuckerberg now thinks we got into Harvard on a dimwit scholarship./I'm gonna get a Glock 39 and I'm going to kill you./I'm actually going to kill you/etc. CUT TO:
85) 46) text: Yes, the grounds are theFacebook is cool. and popular and sexy and HarvardConnection is lame. I didn't use any of their code, I didn't use anything. A guy who builds a really nice chair doesn.'t owe money to everyone who,,, ever built a chair. Th ey came to me with an idea, I had a better one. EDUARDO
90) 3) text: They hate doing stories about Harvard. MARK -
92) 9) text: Every minute it's up, Harvard Connection becomes less valuable, I want an injunction, I watt damages, punitive relief and I want him dead. CAMERON
92) 11) text: Then why aren't we doing anything about it?! Because we're gentlemen of Harvard?! CAMERON
92) 15) text: He violated Massachusetts state law. Then when he goes to Connecticut, New York and California he'll have violated federal law. And by the way, he's violated Harvard law. CAMERON
92) 16) text: There's no such thing as Harvard Law. TYLER (PAUSE--REALIZING)
92) 20) text: Harvard Student Handbook. Every freshman is issued this book. Somewhere in here it SAYS--- CAMERON (EUREKA)
93) 78) text: 'iheFacebook? It. started at Harvard and standford's had it for about two weeks and it's awesome except it's addictive. Seriously, I'm on the thing five times a day, all my friends are. SEAN
94) 0) text: CAMERON and TYLER, in dark suits, are waiting to see the president of Harvard, The President's office is in one of the two oldest univer buildings in the country, and the SECRETARY sitting at th desk i ven older. You get the sense that she thinks Harva would be d -better place if it weren't for all, these stu She looks at them and the boys give her a polite smile an small nod before she goes back to her work. CAMERON
95) 15) text: Well I think it's pretty self- explanatory. We had an idea for a website called HarvardConnection--we've since changed the name to ConnectU--and Mark Zuckerberg stole that idea and-- SUMMERS
95) 16) text: What do you want me to do about it? CAMERON points to a row of Harvard Student Handbooks on t bookshelf behind SUMMERS. CAMERON V
95) 17) text: Well sir, in The Harvard Student Handbook, which is distributed to each freshman--under the heading "Standards of Conduct in the Harvard Community" and the sub-heading, "Honesty"-- SUMMERS
95) 31) text: Mr. Zuckerberg hasn't responded to any of our e-mails or phone calls for. the last' two weeks. He doesn't answer when we knock on his door at Kirkland and the closest we've come to talking face to face is when I saw him on. the quad and chased him through Harvard Square. SUMMERS
95) 57) text: Everyone at Harvard is inventing something or starting a new business in their dorm room- Harvard undergraduates believe that inventing a job is better than getting one so can I suggest again that the two of you come up with a new new project? CAMERON
117) 1) text: Two razor thin skulls explode out from under the bridge f the final, agonizing hundred-meter stretch of the ancient prestigious Henley Royal Regatta. The two boats are neck and neck coming out of the bridge. port-side boat is being crewed by the two Dutch members o Ilollandia Roeiclub. The starboard boat is being crewed b pair of identical twins wearing tank tops bearing the "H" Harvard. We HEAR the ROAR come up from the CROWD in the viewing section. The crowd is dressed as if for opening day at As -- the women in flowing dresses and wide-brimmed hats, th blazers and brightly colored floral ties. But the young men in the boats can barely hear the crowd. their own breathing as they pull against the longest natu straight stretch of water in the world--a mile and a half torture test against the best competition they've ever fa And they're neck and neck. CAMERON and TYLER can't shake Dutch. The CROWD is going crazy in their own English way as none them can remember ever seeing two boats this close this l Mixed in with the British crowd is a small contingent wav the flag of Holland and a slightly larger contingent of Americans.    
118) 2) text: His Royal Highness, Prince Albert. Sir, may I present Mr. Cameron Winklevoss and Mr. Tyler. Winklevoss of Harvard University. PRINCE ALBERT
119) 0) text: The regatta party is underway. Music, drinks, uniformed waiters, blazers and hats everywhere. TYLER and CAMERON have changed into their Harvard. blazer are joined now by DIVYA. The three of them have tried to an unpopulated spot. TYLER and DIVYA have glasses of beer are standing but CAMERON's sitting at a table with a lapt open and watching film of the end of the race. Hitting reverse on the computer and watching, over and ov again, the bow of the Dutch boat pull ahead by six inches just the right moment. CAMERON
121) 47) text: The Harvard Eartendi.ng Course, the Seneca Club's Red Party and the Mather House annual "Lather Dance". You're just one small step away from bagging Snookies Cookies, I can feel it. EDUARDO (TO MARK)
128) 21) text: I was a Harvard business major. (then to MARK) I was your only friend. You had one friend. (BEAT)