11) 1) dialog: (into phone) That's it! I don't want to be treated  like this anymore. It's over. Goodbye.  Have a nice life.
11) 4) dialog: Yeah, I'm fine. I just broke up with  my boyfriend, that's all.
11) 6) dialog: Well, we never made it official, so  I guess we were technically never  really boyfriend and girlfriend, but  I was seeing him in school. I saw  him at the mall about six months ago  and I was too nervous to introduce  myself so I followed him to his car,  and jotted down the license plate  number. It was registered to his  mother, so I went to her house. She  was so nice. I mean, she seemed like  she would be nice 'cuz I never really  spoke to her. I just waited til she  went to work then I climbed in through  her window and borrowed her phone  book. I say borrowed because I'm  going to give it back one day. But  anyway, I called everyone in it til  I found her son. He wasn't home when  I called so I left this message how  much in love I was with him. I was,  and how I wanted to have his children.  Just really opening up, and he never  called back. I'd call and call, and  anyway, six months and two restraining  orders later I just decided I deserved  better. What about you? Do you have  a boyfriend?
11) 8) text: Alex interrupts, totally uninterested in Cindy's story.
11) 9) dialog: Hey, look there. My friend Brenda.
11) 13) text: She steps out of line. We see behind her a HOMELESS MAN,a WELFARE MOTHER with KIDS, a CRACK ADDICT, etc. Cindy and Alex approach.
11) 14) dialog: Hey, Brenda.
11) 16) dialog: Well, actually, we've never met  officially, but I bumped into you at  the cafeteria and you were so sweet.  I said, "I'm sorry," and you said,  "Watch it, white bitch, or I'll put  my size eight in your ass." I thought  how cool. I wear a size eight, too.  Anyway, this is my best friend, Cindy.
11) 26) dialog: Me, too. 101?
11) 28) dialog: That's it.
11) 33) dialog: You don't really believe that stuff.
16) 0) text: The Professor addresses the class: Cindy, Alex, Brenda,  Shorty, Dwight, Ray, Buddy, and THEO.
24) 0) text: Cindy enters. Ray, Shorty, Professor, Dwight, Alex, Brend and Buddy are all already gathered.
24) 33) dialog: Allow me... God is good, God is great,  but not all the time. Sometimes he  could be a real asshole, because it  seems as though every time I try to  establish a relationship with him,  he never returns my calls. I've been  praying for twenty-four years and I  haven't heard his voice yet. Not one  message on my answering machine.  Your miracles don't impress me. It's  your quality time I want. So, if you  hear me, and I know you're up there,  thanks for the food. It's the least  you can do. In Jesus' name, don't  let me get started on him, Amen.
24) 34) text: Alex looks up to see everyone staring in awe.
25) 43) dialog: Maybe this house is possessed.
39) 0) text: The window blows open. Curtains flutter in the wind. Alex sleeping. Her head back, her mouth open. She snores, lightly, unaware of the presence in the room. A breeze br past her causing her hair to move. Alex remains asleep.
39) 2) dialog: The ghost pulls up her t-shirt to reveal a pair of perfec breasts. Her breasts get squeezed at the base, and bulge out like  water balloons, but she still doesn't wake up. The GHOST continues kissing her neck. Alex moans, still sleeping.
39) 5) dialog: Mmph! Mmph!
39) 6) text: The back of her head stretches to the shape of a penis. Alex struggles with the force, finally breaking free.
39) 7) dialog: Somebody help! Help!
39) 8) text: The ghost pins her to the bed and attacks her. Throwing h arms over her head, Alex screams.
39) 9) dialog: (startled) Ah!
39) 11) dialog: Oh! Okay.
39) 12) text: The ghost starts fucking Alex. He's very rough and domina
39) 13) dialog: (intrigued) Oh, my God. Yes! Yes!
39) 14) text: The ghost drags her up the wall and over a portrait of a  solemn looking man. Then Alex's butt slides over his face and the man is now  smiling. The ghost drags her across the ceiling and crashes her he into the light fixture. The sexual Olympics continue as she spider-walks down the wall and is dragged across the floor, smoke comes up from beneath her.
39) 15) dialog: Oooh. Oooh. Rug burn. Rug burn.
39) 16) text: The ghost gets Alex back to the bed and flips her over to reveal tire skid marks down her back. Still the sexcapades continue.
40) 0) text: The bedroom window is totally fogged over when Alex's han hits it and slides down the glass ala TITANIC.
41) 0) text: Suddenly, it stops as quickly as it begun. Alex lays disheveled on the bed.
41) 1) dialog: (desperate) Call me.
41) 2) text: The door slams. Alex lights a cigarette.
53) 0) text: Alex is now pacing the floor, smoking a cigarette, pissed off. She goes over to her "Ouija Board" and begins to try summoning the ghost.
53) 1) dialog: (moving the arrow  along the board) Hello?... Ghost?... Baby, are you  there?... I've been waiting on you  for almost ten minutes now! Where  are you?
55) 0) text: Alex is now sitting on her knees in the middle of a circl of candles. She's chanting as she rocks back and forth.
55) 1) dialog: Oh, ghost of the night, I beseech  thee. Oh fickle fleeting ghost of  the night, I beseech thee.
55) 3) dialog: (pissed) Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!
57) 0) text: Alex is sitting in a corner, her hair a mess, her make-up running. An empty wine bottle and glass, along with an as filled with half-smoked cigarettes are at her feet.
61) 0) text: Cindy clings for dear life to the bed as BAM! Alex kicks the door just as Cindy's panties slide down to her ankles
61) 1) dialog: You cheating son of a bitch! Touch  her and I'll make sure that's the  last piece of possession you have.
61) 4) dialog: What, one woman isn't enough for  you? Must you channel every girl in  this house? How would you like it if  I fucked another ghost, huh?
61) 6) dialog: Where do you think you're going?   This isn't finished. That's just  like you, every time things get  serious you disappear.
61) 7) text: The door opens and slams shut as Alex continues to scream after him.
61) 8) dialog: Don't forget! I know where you rot! (then to herself) Selfish bastard. All you entities  are the same.
61) 11) dialog: Ask your poltergeist stealing whore!
61) 12) text: Alex storms out.
64) 7) dialog: Look, a note.
66) 1) dialog: She sings a happy tune as she cooks breakfast. Cindy, Ray, Theo, and Brenda gather around the island. Sh enters.
66) 3) text: He reaches for a piece of bacon. Alex slaps his hand.
66) 4) dialog: That's for someone special.
66) 6) text: Alex smiles.
66) 7) dialog: I never kiss and tell.
66) 11) dialog: (giggles) Sorry about that.
66) 13) dialog: (talking to the sky) Ah, they just don't know you the way  I do.
66) 15) dialog: Wife?!
66) 16) text: Alex grabs the plates of food and throws them in the tras
66) 17) dialog: Let that bitch make you breakfast.
66) 30) dialog: Oh, he was a widower. Why didn't you  say that?... (addressing the sky) Don't worry, sweetie, I can whip up  a new batch in a flash.
66) 32) dialog: Ha! Right bitch!
66) 33) text: Everyone looks at Alex.
72) 0) text: Alex sits in front of her vanity mirror, wearing a sexy r and nightgown. She brushes her hair, humming to herself  happily, full of anticipation. She takes her perfume -- "Obsession" -- and dabs some on neck, behind her ears, inside her thighs. Then she puts t bottle to her mouth and -- glug, glug, glug -- drinks the whole thing down like Gatorade. Alex applies hot wax to a waxing strip then to her legs,  tearing it off. Satisfied her legs are smooth, she does h underarm. She then applies a wax-soaked strip between her legs then tears it off.
72) 1) dialog: Ouch!
72) 3) dialog: Oops.
72) 4) text: She puts them back between her legs. She rises and walks over to the old 19th century-style  portrait of the supposed ghost, which once hung prominent downstairs. It now sits propped up in a corner of her roo with a shrine set up all around it consisting of candles, little "I love you" hearts, and her vibrator. Alex walks over to the portrait, regards it lovingly for moment, and then kisses the figure sweetly on the lips. T she works her way down the portrait -- hungrily kissing,  nibbling, and licking. When she pulls back, seductively, cobwebs, dust and spiders that were clinging to the portr are now all over her face. She doesn't care, she simply  brushes them aside -- she's in love.
72) 8) text: Alex climbs into bed and spreads rose petals all around. Everything's ready. She sits back and waits. While she waits, she puts the time to good use by doing s sexual calisthenics. She lies flat on her back, sticks he legs in the air, and stretches them wide apart a few time One-two-three-, one-two-three. Then she gets on all fours and does a few stick-your-ass- high-in-the-air stretches. One-two-three. Then she does the simulated oral sex gesture, first with right hand, then with the left, making sure her forearms nice and loose. One-two-three, one-two-three. A few facial and mouth exercises and she's done.
72) 9) dialog: Well, I'm going to sleep now. So, if  there's some ghostly man out there  who wants to take advantage of me,  there's probably nothing that I will  be able to do about it because I'm  really a heavy sleeper! Okay, here I  go.
72) 10) text: Alex gets under the covers and pretends to fall asleep. A beat and Alex opens her eyes and looks around.
72) 11) dialog: I'm asleep now. I really am.
75) 36) text: Alex points her gun at the group.
75) 37) dialog: No, I won't let you do it.
75) 39) dialog: Shut up, you slut. You think you can  take him from me? Well, over my dead  body.
75) 40) text: Alex runs out of the lab. Cindy tries to stop her. Theo s in the way.
76) 2) dialog: Huey, where are you?
76) 3) text: The ghost, in the foyer, catches sight of Alex and tries hide. Alex sees him and starts for the foyer.
76) 4) dialog: Huey, Huey, baby, we have to talk!
76) 5) text: To protect himself and do harm to her, the ghost hurls a  chair at Alex in the foyer.
76) 6) dialog: Baby?
76) 7) text: He hurls a statue at her. Massive boulders come tumbling down the steps in hope of  crushing her. Alex runs into the music room, smashing through a televis
76) 8) dialog: Come on, baby, we can work this out.
76) 10) dialog: If we just stick together no one can  hurt us, love!
76) 11) text: The piano flies up, landing on Alex.
76) 12) dialog: (in pain) I think we have to get a little  therapy, Hun.
76) 13) text: She crawls from under the piano. As Alex heads for the dining room, the door slam shut.   Immediately, several knives come flying at her. The knive form Alex's outline in the door. Alex swings the doors open and enters the dining room. Almost immediately, she's pulled (by the ghost) across th dining room table, eventually landing full force to the f As she lies there, the chandelier drops from the ceiling, pinning her down. Alex is dying. Theo enters.
76) 15) text: Theo cradles Alex's head.
76) 16) dialog: I think I'm dying, Theo... I just  want you to know, you're the best  friend I've ever had... (she coughs, pained) Do you remember that time we met?
76) 18) dialog: And remember the time in the sixth  grade, at the dance? We wore the  same dresses, but that didn't stop  us from having the best time ever.
76) 21) text: Alex coughs some more.
76) 22) dialog: And remember that trip we took to  Africa? That safari was so wonderful.  Me, you... best of friends... forever.
76) 24) dialog: Oh... I guess I'll die now.
76) 26) text: Alex closes her eyes, seemingly dying. Theo starts to get up. Suddenly, Alex opens her eyes...
76) 27) dialog: Oh, remember that time I got my  training bra and you --
76) 30) dialog: Right... well, bye.
76) 31) text: Alex lays her head down and seemingly dies again. Theo st to leave. Alex sits up again.
76) 32) dialog: My favorite memory was when we --
76) 34) text: Theo looks around and grabs a pillow, finally smothering  Alex to death. Theo slowly gets up, surveying the scene.
85) 1) text: The Ghost enters to see that the room is no longer a mess but has been cleaned with a woman's touch. First, he spots a teddy bear sitting in his chair. He sees flowers placed around his portrait. A vase of roses on his desk. There are a pair of woman's panties on the desk lamp. He  picks them up to inspect them. Disgusted, he throws the  panties on the floor. The ghost then catches sight of a three-layered wedding c set on a table. Finally, he sees that Alex has pasted a photo of her face over the face of his beloved Carolyn in her portrait. Thi sends him into a tirade. He smashes the vase of flowers to the floor, before doing the same to the wedding cake. The ghost smashes the mirror. Finally, he tears Alex's photo from the painting. As he backs away, we:
98) 36) text: Suddenly, another ghost appears. It's Alex. Ray, Dwight a Cindy turn their heads from the bright light.
98) 37) dialog: There you are, my love. I've been  looking for you. Now we can be  together forever.
98) 39) dialog: Don't you float away from me.
98) 41) dialog: Don't you run from me!... I'm coming  my love!
98) 42) text: In a flash, both Alex and the Ghost are sucked into the l and disappear.