22) 15) text: Cindy continues walking through a swinging door and finds HANSON, a well-dressed man, middle-aged, with a short arm and a little hand. He's in the middle of preparing food. holds a meat cleaver in his hand as he turns toward her. Cindy is startled.
22) 17) dialog: Yes, Professor Oldman's group. Forgive  me. I didn't mean to frighten you.
22) 19) dialog: My aren't you a lovely child.
22) 20) text: Hanson strokes her face. Cindy fakes a strained smile.
22) 21) dialog: (tapping her nose) And what is your name?
22) 24) dialog: (extending his hand) I'm Hanson the caretaker.
22) 26) dialog: I'll show you to your room. Let me  help you with that.
22) 28) dialog: Whoa, that's heavy. I better use my  strong hand.
22) 30) dialog: I'm so sorry. I'll get them.
22) 31) text: As Hanson retrieves the items with his little hand; a  toothbrush, underwear, and other personal effects, Cindy  looks on in horror.
23) 16) dialog: Excuse me, sir, but the students  have started to arrive. Dinner will  be ready shortly.
23) 18) dialog: I'm the caretaker, not the handyman. (off Dwight's footwear) Nice skates. Be careful. You don't  want to fall and break something.
23) 19) text: Hanson exits before Dwight can respond.
24) 30) text: Hanson rolls in a cart filled with a variety of food,  including a huge turkey.
24) 35) dialog: Anyone care for appetizers?
24) 36) text: Everyone chimes in their request. Hanson removes the long napkin draped over his arm, revea his short arm and little hand with its stubby fingers. He uses this hand to hold the tray of appetizers. He offers  some to the Professor.
24) 37) dialog: Finger food?
24) 38) text: Hanson walks around the table with the tray, offering.   Everybody reaches to take one. They realize that the  appetizers look creepily like Hanson's fingers. Cindy bre the tension and reaches for a roll.
24) 44) dialog: Sure, I'll just set them down and  you can help yourself.
24) 47) dialog: Thanks. I made them by hand.
24) 49) dialog: The potatoes are just about ready.   Let me just go whip them up real  good.
24) 50) text: He whips the potatoes. His knuckles dip into the bowl,  covering them with potatoes. Hanson licks his knuckles.
24) 51) dialog: Ah, that's good. Dig in.
24) 52) text: Hanson places the bowl on the table.
24) 53) dialog: And now for the turkey.
24) 55) dialog: Oh, nonsense. It's my pleasure.
24) 56) text: Hanson raises a large knife, then rests his little hand o the turkey to hold it steady.
24) 57) dialog: You know, making a turkey is a real  art. The trick is in the stuffing. A  lot of people are afraid to get their  hands dirty. Not me. When I stuff  it, I like to get the whole hand up  in there. And you know I use a secret  ingredient in the stuffing...
24) 58) text: Hanson pulls out a box of "HAMBURGER HELPLESS" with a cri white glove on the box. Everyone moans. Their appetites, ruined as Hanson continu to tear up the turkey.
24) 59) dialog: Who's first? Anyone like a wing?
24) 61) dialog: I supposed you'd like a leg. How  about two?
24) 64) dialog: You don't scare me. I was a Golden  Gloves champion.
24) 65) text: Hanson pulls out his own picture of himself, shirtless in boxing pose with a regular glove and a miniature glove on his little hand.
24) 67) dialog: Well, the dessert. I ordered out.
24) 69) dialog: Well, I guess if that's what you all  wish.
24) 70) text: Hanson goes to retrieve the dessert. He returns with a la cream pie. Everyone smiles. Hanson cuts a piece, slowly. Everyone wa to see if he'll put his hands in it. He doesn't. Hanson places the pie on Cindy's plate. Cindy smiles. She's about to take a bite when Buddy stick his finger in the pie.
24) 74) text: Everyone laughs. The professor reaches to cut himself a piece of pie when. Hanson shoves his finger in the pie.
24) 75) dialog: My germs! Ha, ha!
24) 77) dialog: (licking his fingers) Funny, I always win that game.
91) 0) text: Dwight, dangling from a statue on the house exterior. He' slipping, losing his grip. Suddenly, in the window above, appears Hanson. He extends his little arm out to Dwight.
91) 1) dialog: Here. Take my hand.
91) 2) text: Hanson's nubby little hand.
91) 3) dialog: Come on. Take it.
91) 4) text: Dwight can't bring himself to touch the little hand. He l at the ground below. It's sure death if he falls. Hanson reaches further. We see his fingers as they touch  Dwight's hand.
94) 0) text: MUSIC: The same gentle piano music as in "Hannibal." Cindy walks into the kitchen and sees Shorty seated at he table, strapped to a chair. Hanson is nearby, grilling  something on a portable grill and conversing amiably with Shorty. Alarmed, Cindy grabs a snow globe.
94) 2) dialog: Ah, Cindy. Sit down, dear. Dinner's  almost ready.
94) 4) dialog: Oh, and the little weapon you're  hiding? Put it on the table.
94) 6) dialog: Come now, give it up.
94) 7) text: Cindy pulls a heavy little statuette from under her shirt and clunks it down next to the snow globe. Hanson shakes his head no and gestures for her to come cl with what else she has. Cindy keeps pulling out more weaponry, tossing it on the  table. A bear-trap, a crowbar, a medieval battle axe, a  crossbow, case of dynamite, and a Star Wars lightsaber, w she turns on and tosses onto the pile. Cindy sits. Hanson goes back to his cooking.
94) 11) dialog: No, actually, I found him like this.  That's his stuff.
94) 13) dialog: Sit down and join us, Cindy.
94) 19) dialog: Now you're being rude, Shorty.
94) 21) text: Hanson puts down his spatula and steps to Shorty.
94) 22) dialog: Alright! Everyone ready for the main  course?
94) 23) text: Hanson pulls off Shorty's sweatband and take a can opener Shorty's head, running it all the way around the crown as Cindy looks on in horror. Cindy gasps as Hanson lifts off the top of Shorty's head, revealing his brain. It's a sad sight. Small and  underdeveloped, it's surrounded by smoke. Corroded and ha smoked away. There's a small band-aid on it. Hanson puts the top of Shorty's skull on his own head, ha and all.
94) 24) dialog: (a la Shorty, gesturing  with a little hand) Yo son, check this out.
94) 26) text: Hanson grabs a knife and goes to carve the brain.
94) 28) dialog: Don't worry Cindy, the brain itself  feels no pain.
94) 29) text: Hanson cuts into it. The brain screams in fright and shri away from the knife, compressing itself into a corner of  Shorty's skull. Hanson stabs over and over, the brain gracefully avoiding being cut, moving from corner to corner of the skull. It  trembles. Hanson watches and aims carefully, finally sticking the k into the brain.
94) 30) dialog: It's such a fascinating organ.
94) 31) text: Hanson points out a section.
94) 32) dialog: This part here controls intelligence.  Watch what happens when I touch it.
94) 33) text: Hanson touches it.
94) 35) text: Hanson takes his finger off the brain and points out anot section:
94) 36) dialog: And this part controls a person's  manners.
94) 39) dialog: Um, I'm not touching anything.
94) 41) dialog: Shorty, why don't you say grace?
94) 43) text: Just as Shorty bows his head, the little brain plops out  onto the table. Hanson picks it up and puts it back in.
94) 45) text: Hanson now carves a little section of the brain.
94) 46) dialog: This part removes the sense of humor.
94) 48) text: Hanson drops the piece of brain on the frying pan. Cindy looks over and looks at the grill Hanson is using. logo in the side reads: "the George Foreman Brain Grill", with a picture of George Foreman's smiling head next to t words. The top of George Foreman's head is missing, revea his brain. Hanson takes the brain tidbit off the pan -- it has grill marks now, and serves it to Shorty. Shorty starts hooking up the piece of brain with the hot  sauce, pepper, salt, "A-1" steak sauce, melted velveta ch etc... Hanson starts scraping the leftovers off the dishes into  Shorty's head. Cindy grabs the snowglobe and goes after Hanson, but Hans grabs her just as it's about to strike and slams her back against the refrigerator, getting in her face, locking he hair in the door and breaking off the handle.
94) 49) dialog: Tell me, Cindy. Would you ever tell  me "Stop. If you loved me you'd stop."
94) 51) text: Hanson leans in and presses a kiss against Cindy's lips.
94) 53) dialog: (pulling away) Made you say it!
94) 54) text: Suddenly OFF SCREEN we hear handcuffs clicking closed. Pull back and reveal that she's handcuffed his small hand her. The handcuff is extremely loose on his hand. OFF SCREEN Hanson hears Brenda and Theo approaching. Look around, he grabs a cleaver. Then he slams his and Cindy's cuffed hands on the kitchen counter.
94) 55) dialog: It looks like I'll have to give you  something to remember me by... This  is really going to hurt.
94) 56) text: Cleaver come down hard. CU of Cindy screaming in SLO-MO. REVEAL Hanson's crooked penis on the counter, the foreski cut-off.
94) 57) dialog: I've been meaning to do this since  my Bar Mitzvah... Here.
94) 58) text: Hanson hands her the piece of foreskin. As she stares at in horrified shock, Hanson slips his bab hand out of the cuffs, no problem, and runs off. Cindy runs after him, hair still caught, dragging the  refrigerator after her. Theo and Brenda arrive.
96) 3) text: The girls are closing in. Hanson knows it.
96) 5) text: Hanson snatches one of Brenda's braids and runs it under nose smelling it like the villain in "Charlie's Angels." Brenda, angry, assumes a fierce, expert looking Kung Fu p but then breaks into a girlish schoolyard fighting techni arms pin-wheeling, etc. Hanson then takes on Theo. She runs to back wall, flips a roundhouse kicks him. Hanson throws Theo into a wall. Her boobs expand and break her fall. It's now just Cindy and Hanson. Cindy begins to display  different Kung Fu fight techniques.
96) 15) text: Cindy begins humping Hanson's leg wildly. Then she gets  carried away with her impressions of different animals, a deer, a bear, etc. Hanson watches her totally entertained
96) 17) text: This move disgusts Hanson. Cindy does the "Crouching Tiger" tornado-spin upwards and land on a higher level, (JOKE TO COME). Cindy finishes her moves and backs-up as Hanson starts to short circuit. The girls run in and they all watch the ghost starting to combust. Buddy runs up from the hall to the fence.
96) 19) text: He holds open the gate as the girls run down the hall. They give one last look back as Hanson explodes. Buddy, Brenda, Cindy and Theo run to the lab.
104) 8) text: The vendor turns to reveal it's Hanson.
104) 12) dialog: Yes, it was me all along. I killed  Hugh Kane and his mistress.
104) 14) dialog: Didn't I just say that? Fucking  listen. Anyway, I did it all for  Carolyn. He never appreciated her,  but I worshipped that woman and still  she rejected me. So, I came back for  you. Just like I did for Carolyn.
104) 16) dialog: Now you'll be mine, Cindy.
104) 17) text: Hanson moves toward Cindy.
104) 19) dialog: Yes!!!!
104) 20) text: BLAM! Hanson is blindsided by a car which misses Cindy by mere inches, but kills him dead.