1) 3) text: Megan. Her eyes seem vacant, almost like she is sleep wal She mutters something.
1) 4) dialog: You're going to die.
1) 8) text: Megan. THWACK!! She is smacked on the head by a rolled  newspaper.
6) 4) text: Megan lays tied to the bed post of her bed. Her face is c up and twisted, eyes an eerie red. She's hooked up to an  I.V. with a small tube running out of her nose. It's shap like a CRAZY STRAW with red fluid going through it. The s leads to a cup. "SLURPIE!" Megan is wheezing, heavily. Sh wears a tee-shirt that reads, "I went to Hell and all I g was this stupid t-shirt." They go to opposite sides of the room. Megan stares strai ahead. Father McFeely sees that next to Megan's bed are some get well cards, flowers, balloons, and a teddy bear. He picks one get-well card: It features a cheesy, happy cartoon do saying: "Heard You Were Possessed By The Devil"... He fli the card open and reads the punch line: "He Picked One He Of A Nice Girl!" McFeely, shivering, his breath visible, takes the metal c from his pocket and kisses it. But it's so cold in the ro that his lips instantly stick to the metal. He struggles to pull his lips off the cross and finally  manages to painfully tear it off his face. McFeely makes the sign of the cross to Megan.
6) 5) dialog: Shove it up your ass. You worthless  piece of shit!
6) 9) text: Harris looks at Megan. He sits down on a chair besides th window.
6) 10) dialog: Your mother's in here with us, Harris.  Would you like to leave a message?  I'll see that she gets it.
6) 12) text: Megan keeps a sharp stare on Harris. Harris' smile turns an angry stare. He rises and moves to her bedside.
6) 14) text: Megan leans forward. BLANCHHHH!!! She vomits a disgusting green bile in Harris' face. Harris wipes it off, coughing
6) 16) text: Harris tosses holy water on Megan. She falls back, writhi
6) 22) dialog: Your mother sucks cock in Hell,  Harris.
6) 27) text: Harris fires back at Megan.
6) 30) dialog: So, your mama's so fat when she walks  by my bed, it does this.
6) 35) text: Megan groaning, flicking her tongue wildly at McFeely.
6) 37) text: McFeely responds back with the same gesture, then simulat her giving head, then starts wildly thrusting his pelvis, simulating sex. Megan falls back on her pillow and moans. Harris shoots McFeely a hard look. McFeely stops. Harris continues.
6) 39) text: McFeely, coughing, hardly able to catch his breath. Megan on the bed, laughing. Smoke billowing out of her mo Harris rushes to McFeely.
6) 61) text: He staggers over to the bed, kneels and starts to pray. Harris exits the room to retrieve his medical bag. He ret to find McFeely lying unconscious on the bed. Megan, sitt quiet looks at McFeely. Harris rushes over to McFeely.
6) 67) text: Harris knee-drops McFeely. His efforts to revive McFeely  resemble a WWF grudge match. Harris diving off of furnitu slamming down on McFeely. Finally, he checks his pulse. H thinks McFeely is dead. Harris shouts out at Megan.
6) 69) text: Megan sits, quietly. Harris dives on top of Megan and starts choking her.
6) 77) text: Harris dives out the window. McFeely watches as Harris tumbles down the long staircase Megan begins to giggle.
6) 78) dialog: You failed, McFeely. Your weapons  are useless against me.
6) 86) text: Megan's eyes widen.
100) 6) text: Show Megan fucking herself with a crucifix.
100) 7) dialog: Let Jesus fuck me!
100) 8) text: Megan's head spins around, then she spews green vomit and piss everywhere.
100) 21) text: Cindy and Buddy exit. Megan keeps spewing and swearing.