0) 0) text: A stately mansion.  A perfect lawn.  A BUTLER carries a  birthday cake with sparking sparklers... Past wealthy MEN in crewcuts and thin ties, WOMEN in cat- sunglasses.  Everyone sings (silent) "Happy Birthday"... CHILDREN follow the cake, in dresses and suits, gathering round NICHOLAS VAN ORTON, 7, guest of honor, who wears a  blindfold.  MOTHER comes to remove the blindfold and Nich ogles the cake, laughs.  He reaches for a sparkler. STEP PRINT: Mother intercepts, fussing, fixing his hair.. Nicholas' FATHER sits near, smoking, nodding.  He's inten thin, wearing a party hat.  He notices the camera without mugging for it, bends to snuff his cigarette in an ashtra SPLICE-JUMP TO/STEP PRINT: a Harlequin CLOWN ties balloon animals.  Nicholas assists, distracted by the inattentive children who look into the camera and pull hair and stand their chairs... Men are drinking, storytelling, laughing.  A fraternity.. The women are elsewhere, doing movie-vamp poses for the  camera, blowing cigarette smoke, brightly dressed, eyelid blue and green, lipstick perfect... Servants clear the table.  Father holds a piece of untouc cake.  A man talks to him, but Father stares off, lost in thought.  He's forgotten the party hat on his head... STEP PRINT: Mother puts her arms around Father and makes face the camera.  He leans in, posing dutifully. SPLICE-JUMP TO: a nanny in uniform, ILSA, holds an INFANT (CONRAD) to the camera, places the baby in Nicholas' arms STEP PRINT: Nicholas is gentle, overwhelmed by cradling h tiny brother. SPLICE-JUMP TO: children play tag.  Across the lawn, Fath heads to the house.  He looks back, walks backwards. STEP PRINT: he gives a small wave, continuing away... Kids chase past.  Nicholas and two other kids huddle, arm locked, spinning round and round, till they stumble diffe directions, falling, laughing, dizzy...
3) 0) text: Nicholas stands at the kitchen island his tie thrown over his shoulder, eating breakfast.  ILSA, now elderly, is ac the way doing dishes. The only sounds are the tiny clicks of Nicholas' knife an fork against his plate.  He's reading a German newspaper. Nicholas jabs the last piece of egg, skewers the last bit ham and last square of toast.  Plate's clean. He sips his last swallow of juice, dabs his mouth with a  napkin, picks up his briefcase and heads to a back door.
3) 3) dialog: Have a nice day.
12) 0) text: Nicholas exits the garage, walks up the garden path.  Ahe Ilsa's leaving through the kitchen door of the house, hea across the yard to the GUEST HOUSE.
12) 1) dialog: Dinner's in the oven.
12) 4) dialog: You did?  How is he?
12) 6) dialog: (nods, at a loss)
12) 7) text: Well... send my love, if you see him  again. Nicholas nods.  Ilsa leaves.
30) 25) dialog: Mister Van Orton... ? The speaker cover breaks off with a SNAP! and Nicholas sp holding the broken piece.
30) 28) dialog: Is everything alright?
30) 30) dialog: I've finished for the evening.  Will  you be needing anything else?
30) 32) dialog: Goodnight then. She leaves.  Nicholas throws the piece of television away Bernard Shaw stops reading now that the coast is clear.
79) 0) text: BANGING on the FRONT DOOR.  Ilsa comes to look thru the  peephole, opens the door to a breathless Nicholas.
79) 1) dialog: Mr. Van Orton... ?
79) 3) dialog: Yes. What do you mean?  What's wrong?
79) 7) dialog: I don't know what you're talking  about.  What's happened?
79) 9) dialog: Be careful!
92) 20) dialog: What makes you ask?
92) 22) dialog: All the time I've known you, you've  never once asked about him.
92) 26) dialog: Your mother thought he was a good  man.  He worked very hard.  What I  remember most was his manner was  so... slight.  It was easy to spend  time in a room, and not realize he'd  been there the whole time.
92) 28) dialog: No.  What happened... no one expected  it.
92) 30) dialog: Not much, I think.
92) 32) dialog: You're not like him at all.  I don't  know exactly what's going on around  here lately, but don't make me start  worrying about you.
92) 34) dialog: Nobody worried about your father. Nicholas stares at his milk.  PHONE RINGS.  He answers...
126) 2) text: Ilsa. Pitch dark at the top of the stairs.  Nicholas moves forw into another EMPTY ROOM.  It's creepy quiet.
149) 13) dialog: I hope we'll be seeing more of you.
149) 17) dialog: Goodnight.  See you home.