10) 0) text: The room is small, din, expensively underfurnished with leather chairs, smoking stands, and a small psuedo- Oriental desk. A few sets of tooled leather binds on narrow tables, others in glass cases. AGNES, a hard-looking, expensive blonde in a tight black dress, rises from behind the desk as Marlowe approaches and moves to greet him. Her manner is professionally distant, her accent betrays her phony veneer.
10) 1) dialog: Can I be of any assistance?
10) 3) dialog: (hanging on hard to her composure, seeing that she's going to have trouble with Marlowe) A first edition?
10) 5) dialog: I'm afraid not -- at the moment. 20.
10) 7) dialog: (with a frozen smile) Uh -- not at the moment.
10) 9) dialog: (dropping the act, pointing to the display books) What do those look like -- grapefruit?
10) 11) dialog: He's not in at the moment. Marlowe glances up as a man enters the store; a middle- aged, important-looking person who has an incongruously furtive and nervous manner. He looks quickly at Marlowe, then at Agnes, who gives him an almost imperceptible warning nod. Marlowe remains blandly unaware of the byplay, all his attention apparently on the cigarette he' lighting. The man walks quickly to the rear of the store. Agnes pushes a button on the desk. A door in the back wall open on a buzzer lock. The man darts through it like a rabbit.
10) 12) dialog: (to Marlowe) I said Mr. Geiger is not in.
10) 14) dialog: He won't be back until very late. At this point the furtive man comes out of the rear part the store and leaves hurriedly, looking at neither Agnes nor Marlowe. His face is lined and haggard. Marlowe is interested. 21. 21.
10) 16) dialog: (icily, correcting him) The word is cerAMics. And they ain't Argentine: they're Egyptian.
10) 18) dialog: (freezing) Do so. Agnes stares viciously at his back until he is out. Then she goes to the door at the rear, knocks and goes through
32) 0) text: Marlowe enters, wearing the dark glasses as before, and a before, Agnes rises from behind the desk. She is not happ to see Marlowe. 39.
32) 2) dialog: I'm afraid not. No. Marlowe glances around to make sure they're alone, then removes the glasses and moves close to Agnes.
32) 4) dialog: Oh -- I see. Well -- you might come back tomorrow. I think...
32) 7) dialog: (frantically) No, that wouldn't do any good -- he's out of town. Couldn't you tomorrow? -- Marlowe glances up sharply as Carol Lundgren, the dark handsome boy in the leather jacket, opens the door in the rear wall. Behind him, through the open door, we see the back room, littered with the papers and boxes of hurried packing, and a gaunt, hard-looking man with a certain animal attractiveness in the midst of it, cramming folios and stacks of large-sized envelopes into the packing boxe Carol is obviously strained and under tension, looking as though he has not slept.
32) 10) dialog: Yes, early. Before Marlowe has quite left the shop she darts back through the rear door.
48) 18) dialog: (sourly) Hello -- trouble! Agnes flounces down on the arm of an overstuffed chair. Brody watches, his eyes hard and narrow, expressionless. Vivian stands looking down at Marlowe. She is definitely not glad to see him.
48) 45) dialog: (to Brody) Joe...
48) 55) dialog: Joe -- you're not gonna do it. You can't go up against Eddie Mars, he'll --
48) 61) dialog: (to Carmen) Get away from him, you. 69. Vivian rises sharply, also getting out of Marlowe's reach she whips a small automatic out of her coat pocket.
48) 99) dialog: Joe, you didn't...
48) 110) dialog: (as Brody hesitates) Go on, Joe -- tell him!
92) 1) dialog: I thought you were never coming. Give me the money. Marlowe hands her folded bills. She counts them rapidly b the dash light, then puts them in her handbag.
92) 2) dialog: This is a getaway stake, copper. I'm on my way. What happened to Harry?
92) 4) dialog: You'll get it. Joe and I were out riding Foothill Boulevard a couple weeks ago. We passed a brown coupe, and I saw the girl who was driving. She was Eddie Mars' wife. There was a guy with her -- the watchdog, Canino. They're people you don't forget, even if you only saw them once. So we got curious, and Joe tailed them. About a mile east of Realito there's a side road, and nothing around it but brush and hills. Just off the highway there's a two-bit garage and paintshop run by a guy named Art Huck -- hot car drop, likely -- and a frame house behind it. That's where Eddie Mars' wife is holed up.
92) 12) dialog: Why should I lie?... Well, goodbye, copper -- wish me luck. I got a raw deal.