2) 5) dialog: (after a moment) You're not very tall are you?
2) 7) dialog: Not bad looking, though -- you probably know it.
2) 9) dialog: (approaching) What's your name?
2) 11) dialog: (beside the chair now) That's a funny name. Are you a prize fighter?
2) 13) dialog: A what?
2) 15) text: You're cute. As she speaks, she sits suddenly on the arm of his chair. As she does so, Marlowe rises, shifts the chair in doing so, so that to her surprise, Carmen finds herself sitting in the chair itself. She stares up, surprised and then angrily, is about to speak again when they both see Norri He has just entered noiselessly, stands beside the chair. On Norris' face there is now a curious expression of grie sadness. Carmen glances up at him, rises quickly as if he had reprimanded her with words, and exits. Marlowe looks after her, thoughtful, a little grim.
4) 44) text: Filled out in ink, dated: September 3 September 8 September 11 On demand I promise to pay to Arthur Gwynne Geiger on order the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) without interest. Value Received. Carmen Sternwood
13) 0) text: A dark convertible stops in front of Geiger's house. The lights go out. A small slim woman in a vagabond hat and raincoat gets out. She pauses, looking around -- we see her face dimly. It is CARMEN STERNWOOD. She vanishes behind the hedge. The DOORBELL RINGS faintly, the door opens and closes.
14) 0) text: Marlowe looks offscene after Carmen, with an unpleasant grin.
19) 0) text: As Marlowe comes in through the window. The room is wide, low-beamed ceiling, brown plaster walls with strips of Chinese embroidery and Oriental prints on them. Low bookshelves, a desk, thick rug floor cushions, low divans -- an exotic messy atmosphere. 27. On a low dais at one end of the room is a carved teakwood chair, a massive thing in which Carmen Sternwood sits, rigidly erect, in the pose of an Egyptian goddess. She wears a man's large silk dressing gown -- it doesn't pretend to fit her and gives the impression of having bee thrown hurriedly around her by someone other than herself Carmen's eyes have a queer fixed stare. She pays no attention to Marlowe. She looks as if, in her mind, she i doing something very important and doing it well. She seems pleased about it, her lips curved to a smile. She laughs from time to time -- softly, secretly. Opposite her, Geiger lies on the floor in front of a thin like a totem pole. The eye of the totem is a camera lens; it focuses on the chair where Carmen sits. A blackened flash bulb is clipped to the totem beside it. Geiger is dressed in semi-oriental fashion. His embroidered coat is soaked with blood. He is obviously dead. Marlowe takes all this in, sniffs the air. It is heavy with something unpleasant. He crosses to a small lacquer table bearing a flagon of dark liquid and two glasses. Marlowe sniffs the flagon, makes a grimace of disgust. Carmen's clothes are wadded up on the divan. Marlowe pick up her coat and shoes and goes to her.
19) 3) dialog: (giggling) You tickle.
19) 6) dialog: (thickly, half conscious) You're cute.
19) 8) dialog: (as before) He's cute.
22) 0) text: Marlowe places the book in his pocket, wipes his fingerprints carefully from the box, replaces it end lock the desk. He pockets the keys, turns off the lamps and th gas logs in the fireplace, makes a wadded bundle of Carmen's clothes, jams her hat on her head and picks her up, holding her clothes awkwardly in one hand. On the way out he pushes down the light switch by the door, and kick the door shut behind him.
24) 0) text: Marlowe has just rung the doorbell. In the drive behind him stands Carmen's Packard. The door opens. Norris appears in it, recognizes Marlowe, looks swiftly past him and recognizes the car also. Then he looks at Marlowe again -- the same quiet, grave face with its expression of grief and sadness which the sight of the ca brought into it. His voice though is quiet and calm.
43) 0) text: Parked unobtrusively under some trees a reasonable distan from Geiger's house. Marlowe sits patiently, waiting, his hat pushed to the back of his head, his collar loosened, smoking quietly. Presently, in b.g. in front of Geiger's house, Carmen Sternwood appears furtively around the far end of the hedge, and goes quickly in through the gap leading to the front door. Marlowe reacts, then gets out, to follow her.
43) 1) dialog: standing in an attitude of terror, her back pressed again the wall beside the front door to Geiger's house, staring at Marlowe as he enters. She raises one hand and clenches her teeth on her thumb, staring at him. The terror fades little as she recognizes him. She wears coat, hat, veil, etc.
43) 3) dialog: (making an effort to seem natural) Is this your doghouse?
43) 5) dialog: (shrinking, cringing) Inside?
44) 0) text: Carmen standing, looking about the room, as Marlowe shuts the door and stands looking at Carmen. She feels him watching her, smiles at him. He doesn't answer it. The smile fades. Marlowe takes out pack of cigarettes, offers it. She shakes her head dumbly, staring at him. He lights a cigarette.
44) 2) dialog: Remember what? I was sick last night. I was home.
44) 4) dialog: You -- were the one?
44) 6) dialog: Are you the police?
44) 8) dialog: (faintly) Who else... knows? 51.
44) 10) dialog: Joe Brody? Who's he?
44) 12) dialog: Kill who?
44) 14) dialog: (nods her head) Yes. Joe did it.
44) 16) dialog: No! TI hate him!
44) 18) dialog: Photograph? What photograph? She turns She gives 52.
44) 20) dialog: Your name isn't Reilly. It's Marlowe. Vivian told me.
44) 22) dialog: I've got to go home now.
44) 24) dialog: On the back street, where nobody would see it. to go out as he turns to follow.
44) 26) dialog: (gives him a swooning look) It depends. I never tell on people who are nice to me. him a languishing, swooning, inviting look, so that her attitude is a caricature of what her more brilliant and vivid sister's might be. Marlowe grasps her arm almost savagely, turns her toward the door.
48) 58) dialog: (to Brody, with quiet viciousness) I want my pictures, Joe. Brody is scared, playing it very easy, backing up as she follows him.
48) 64) dialog: (ignoring them all -- to Brody) You shot Arthur Geiger. I saw you. I want my pictures.
48) 71) dialog: Can I have them now?
48) 74) dialog: You'll take care of Carmen, won't you? 71.
48) 76) dialog: Could I have my gun back?
48) 78) dialog: You're awfully cute.
48) 82) dialog: I like you. She runs off down the hall. Marlowe looks at her, puzzled by her unusual attitude. He closes the door and turns again to Brody and Agnes. Agnes, considerably scratched up, gives him a snakely glare as she pats her wounds with handkerchief.
52) 0) text: a quiet residential street, with trees growing heavy alon the parkway. Marlowe's car pulls in to park. Marlowe gets out into the street, crouching low, and pulls Carmen's little gun from his pocket. He walks back the way he has come, crouching for shelter behind the line of parked car Aside from him the street is deserted.
64) 0) text: as he enters, snaps on light, tosses his hat onto the bed takes Carmen Sternwood's little pistol from his pocket, tosses it onto table beneath the lamp, crosses to bookcas on which a bottle of whiskey sits, takes up the bottle an goes on to the kitchen, exits. OVER SOUND OF REFRIGERATOR DOOR, CLINK OF GLASS, ETC.
77) 2) dialog: (coyly) . What does the hatcheck girl get for a tip?
77) 4) dialog: Bet you can't guess.
77) 6) dialog: Who's he?
77) 8) dialog: You're cute.
77) 10) dialog: I showed your manager your card. I stole it from Vivian. I told him you told me to come here and wait for you.
77) 12) dialog: (slipping off her wrap) I'm not going. She looks at him -- a surprisingly honest, steady look. This is a different Carmen -- a puzzled, half-frightened girl who seems to be waking from a dream -- not sure she wants to, but unable to help herself. Marlowe looks back at her, nastily. But he senses a difference, and his voic is surprisingly gentle when he speaks. 113.
77) 14) dialog: (quietly, hungrily) Are you really my friend, Phil?
77) 16) dialog: I need a friend, Phil... someone to -- She stops, apparently confused, groping for words.
77) 18) dialog: I don't know. She looks up at him again, searching his face. As though Marlowe is a magnet, she is drawn to her feet, still looking at him. She comes close, but does not touch him.
77) 19) dialog: (almost to herself) What is it in you?... I'm afraid of you, and yet... there's something straight and hard... Phil, I wish I'd met you before -- a long time ago...
77) 21) dialog: I don't know. (angrily) Why did you have to come? I was all right. I was fine.
77) 23) dialog: (almost weeping) I don't know.
77) 25) dialog: Do you think I can be a good girl?
77) 27) dialog: But don't you want me to try?
77) 29) dialog: (clinging to his hand) You've got funny thumbs. Can I bite it? Before he can answer, she raises his hand, starts to put his thumb into her mouth. With a sharp violent motion he flings her hand away.
77) 31) dialog: (obediently) All right. She puts her thumb in her mouth, or her hand to her face such a way as to appear to be sucking her thumb as usual. Marlowe takes up the fallen wrap and approaches with it. 115.
77) 33) dialog: (giggling) It's not my thumb. See? She removes the object from her mouth and holds it up for him to see. It is the white queen from his set of chessmen. Marlowe stares at her for a moment, then he slaps her terrifically across the face, rocking her back. The chessman falls from her hand and she stares at Marlow frightened now, as he walks toward her.
77) 34) dialog: Do that again.
77) 36) dialog: Maybe if people had done that to me more often, I would have been good now. Marlowe reaches her, grasps he arm, hurries her across to the door, jerks the door open, almost hurls her through i flings the wrap after her, slams the door, turns the bolt as she rattles the knob, then begins to hammer on the doo He turns and crosses the room rapidly to the bath while s still beats on the door, and washes his hand savagely wit soap and water, his face now actually beaded with sweat. The KNOCKING CONTINUES. He examines his hand, is still no satisfied, jerks open shaving cabinet, looks at the innocuous bottles of mouthwash, etc., when what he needs carbolic acid, goes to the kitchen while the knocking sti continues, jerks savagely from the shelf his last bottle whiskey. It is about half full. He jerks the stopper out, flings i away and pours about a dollar's worth of expensive Scotch over his hand, flings the bottle away, returns to the living room, and while the KNOCKING STILL CONTINUES, he kneels at the hearth, lays the delicate chess piece on it and with a heavy fire-dog hammers the chess-piece into dust, still beating even after the piece has vanished, hi blows at last drowning out the SOUND of the knocking on t door. 124. 125. 116. FADE OUT.
100) 0) text: as Marlowe closes the door behind him. There is the usual paraphernalia of a garage, and two cars. One is being painted, a spray-gun lying on the fender, the other is Carmen Sternwood's Packard convertible. Canino lounges easily in the shadows by the bench. The RAIN BEATS on the tin roof. 133.
119) 4) dialog: Did I scare you?
119) 6) dialog: They had me locked in my room. They even had my clothes locked up. But I climbed down the drain pipe. I had to see you again.
119) 8) dialog: You were just driving away when I got to your place. I followed. She is obviously wrought up, in a highly emotional state.
119) 10) dialog: It was. Phil, I -- I'm sorry about the other night.
119) 12) dialog: I can't. Phil, you... I don't know quite how to say this... have you ever seen something, perhaps ina dream? Something perfect and beautiful, a long way off, and you try to reach it but there are too Many things in your way?
119) 14) dialog: Maybe if everything had been different -- if I hadn't been born a Sternwood, if my mother had lived -- if I'd known a man like you before... Oh, Phil, is there ever any way back?
119) 16) dialog: (softly, intensely serious) You could help me find the way. He looks at her, saying nothing. She comes closer to him, childlike, pleading.
119) 17) dialog: Phil, you've got to help me. I'm getting lost. I don't know where I'm going any more, and I'm scared.
119) 19) dialog: Because... Just because you came into the house, and I saw you. Just a little thing like that. Don't you understand, Phil? You've got something I need, some thing I've got to have. Strength, maybe. I don't know. But I've got to have it, or -- I don't know what's going to happen to me. She puts her hands on his chest, looking up into his face. For once she's completely honest.
119) 21) dialog: Perhaps... Phil... 164.
119) 24) dialog: (dully) what?
119) 27) dialog: (taking the gun) Thanks. Marlowe moves past her, as though to open the door.
119) 28) dialog: Turn around. He does so -- she has the gun leveled, and there's no dou what she's going to do with it.
119) 30) dialog: It's Vivian, isn't it?
119) 32) dialog: It was Vivian with Shawn, too. It's always Vivian. 165. She fires point blank as Marlowe takes a step toward her continues to fire, four shots in all. Then she waits unti he has almost reached her and thrusts the pistol almost into his face. He catches her wrist just before she fires pushes her hand aside as the shot goes off. She snatches her hand free, steps back, hurls the pistol at his chest. It falls to the ground. He stoops and picks it up.
119) 34) dialog: (dazedly) But he died... why didn't you?
119) 36) dialog: (still stunned, breathless) You knew I -- You knew --
119) 38) dialog: (with half-dreamy vindictiveness) No -- they put him in the sump -- down where the old wells are.
119) 40) dialog: He didn't mind.
119) 42) dialog: Yes. You'd like to do something about it, wouldn't you? But you can't. I'm always safe. 166.
119) 44) dialog: Because Vivian won't let you. And you won't do it, anyhow. You like my father, just as Shawn did. You know what would happen if you took me into court. Pictures, and long columns in the newspapers, and the Sternwood name all over the headlines. You know what that would do to father. A pause. She is looking at him like a wicked changeling.
119) 45) dialog: And Vivian's in on this, too. Way in. You wouldn't want to see her go to prison.
119) 48) dialog: Thanks. She puts them on quickly, then stands looking at Marlowe.
119) 49) dialog: I think I'm glad I didn't kill you. This is going to eat you. You're going to lie awake nights, thinking about it. And every so often you'll see me somewhere, and I'll laugh at you... Goodbye, Phil. She turns quickly toward door. Marlowe steps quickly to the light switch. As she opens the door and steps through it, he snaps off the light. There is a brief pause -- the gun fire. 188. 189. 190. 167.
120) 0) text: as Carmen crumples silently onto the doorstep. There is silence. The door swings open. Presently from the dark shrubbery Eddie Mars comes, walking slowly toward the silent shape. His gun is in his hand. He crosses the footbridge and moves the dead head with his foot. Marlowe snaps the switch inside the door; light floods suddenly out over Mars. Marlowe stands in the door, facin Mars across Carmen's body as Mars reacts.