3) 28) dialog: At your ‘service, my dear chap. Welcome to our city. (hands 8RIAN a cara) I serve the blackest coffee in Berlin. You will pay me a call, please, at once,
3) 34) dialog: (eying the retreat- ing SALLY) Eventually I believe I'm getting crazy about her, (BRIAN siiles, which FRITZ sensitively takes to be a criti- eism of his English) I do not myself express correctly?
3) 38) dialog: (nodding) Uith, I'm speaking a lousy English just now, Sally says you may free yourself to give me lessons. (HORE )
7) 18) dialog: I think the world is lousy. or I pulloffa new deal in the next month, or I go as a gigolo,
7) 22) dialog: Landauer? Of the big department store? How did you mect a Landauer?
7) 24) dialog: The Landauers are enormously wealthy,
7) 26) dialog: (after a highly charged look at BRIAN) Will you marry her?
7) 28) dialog: Do you want her?
7) 30) dialog: Then if I should meet her and perhaps make a pass after her, you would not mind?
7) 32) dialog: Why would that make a dif ference? I tell you, Brian, I need money. Ultimately, business must come first, I suppose she is a Jewess?
7) 36) dialog: How do I look? (gets out a comb, rushes to mirror, laughs at himself) You will help me to arrange the marriage. settlement? Page 34
7) 50) dialog: (beaming and clicking his heels) Sehr erfreut, gnadiges, Fraulein!
7) 52) dialog: I am so charmed, Gearest Miss. Page 36 NATALIA bows again, then shakes hands with SALLY. As she shakes with her right, SALLY places her left hand at her neck, pretending to adjust her collar, actually using the gesture to provocatively spread her fingers, the better to show off the green-colored nails, NATALIA notices, blinks,
7) 68) dialog: (beaming) Will you.allow me to pass you a cake, dearest Miss?
7) 70) dialog: (hovering over NATALIA) That, too, is how I like it, Black, black, black, like Otello, SALLY cannot bear all this attention on NATALIA. She turns to BRIAN, Page 38
7) 72) dialog: oh, yes. (to BRIAN) And your King, Henry the Eighth, caught it from letting Cardinal Wolsey whisper in his ear,
7) 115) dialog: (reciting, with as much emotion as NATALIA's pace will allow) evcceseseee Gem, der nicht mehr liest, sich auf die Augen legen, di er schliebt, {leoks to her for approval. Her look is noncommital) ‘die er schliebt' ... is it not a lovely phrase? For you, Natalia, I write such things,
7) 119) dialog: (encouraging) "...kann der Cinklang zweier...!
7) 121) dialog: (stricken) Watalia.
7) 123) dialog: Watalial cur TO:
7) 126) dialog: My dear, Sally, You are looking most delightful, ‘ A little out of breath, he bends over SALLY's hand, thinking perhaps to chastise the teasing NATALIA, NATALIA only checks her watch,
7) 137) text: FRITZ (cont) I kiss her and it is like my aunt, She is beautiful, and she is untouched, By me or anybody,
7) 140) dialog: (profoundly shocked) You cannot mean that!
7) 142) dialog: But mein Gott! To attack Natalia! It is madness, t . Cur to: MED. CLOSE uP BRIAN
8) 0) text: It is closed, NATALIA, by now rather grim, marches forward followed by the groaning SALLY, and the, by now, heavily burdeneed FRITZ €and BRIAN.
19) 56) text: - ‘ | His face is solemn, his eyes probing...none of the chronic conciliatory attitudes we have come to expect from FRITZ now show themselves, We see that he is seated in NATALIA's home...the library, It is a room of solid bourgeois comforts...rich leath- ers, a deep sofa, many Pillows, Throughout the scene that follows, we see FRITZ always from NATALIA's POV... .NATALIA becomes for us, in effect, the CAMERA, What happens to NATALIa, happens to us, We hear NATALIA's voice as she narrates the scene. But that is all. PRITZ sits across a chess set from the unseen NATALIA, He does not look at the board, He looks straight into the face of NATALIA/THE CAMERA, ‘ NATALIA (VOICE OVER) My parents were out...we were playing chess...he played stupidly,..he paid no attention... he was looking always at me... never smiling...just looking. In six moves 1 win... “~~ FRITZ barely looks down at the board, as NATALIA'’s hand appears in shot and makes final Checkmate move, He shrugs, Returns his dark, intense eyes to NATALIA, Pace 83 JAGALI (VOIC OV£2) (cont) It is not pleasant to be so stared at... i tell him ne is being rude. At that... ne smiles... PRIT2Z gives a faint, am »ignous smile, but does not we cease to tool. with meaningful intensity into the face of waTALIA. WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont) The smile...it is somehow worse than the stare... (takes a preath) Then...then he picks up the cness board and... . (swallows painfully) It is my father's best set. but Pritz does not care... FRITZ picks up the board and carelessly puts it on the floor...several men fall, roll off the board. He pays no attention, ite is interested only in his erstwhile partner,,.Once rid of the chess board, he now thrusts aside the small table that held it...thus removing o~ the final barrier between himself and WATALIA. . WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont) ile cares for nothing except to... TOeee FRITZ now moves in. WE see him coming closer, closer until his face is first directly before us, then he presses closer and over,,.'E/TIIE CAMERA/NATALIA are under him. FRITZ’ face, implacable, predatory, stares down onto us....we will be devoured. WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont) .».to take me. I have never known a man like that...it was...it was...
19) 65) text: her face is flushed, her eves closed. Sne is obviously reliving the moment of her yielding to. FRITZ's sexual ruthlessness. Page 85
19) 129) dialog: wee I had to see you. I must talk and you are never at home ... soon you leave ... ’ BRIAN What's the trouble, Fritz? Natalia?
19) 130) dialog: (nodding desperately) Natalia will not ever see me again. It is over. She has shown me this note her father has received, Not signed, of course. the recites) “Herr Landauer, beware. We are going to settle the score with all you dirty Jews. We give you twenty-four ’ hours to leave Germany. If not you are dead." And that is not the only one, There have been others.
19) 136) dialog: Please can I tell you something else?
19) 140) dialog: That does not surprise you? Or you, Sally?
19) 142) dialog: Y have lied and pretended, Even to slatalia, I have lied,
19) 147) dialog: (to BRIAN) “hat would you do?
22) 14) dialog: (sedms rather depressed himself) What is the matter, fially? How can you be depressed? You and urian will go soon to London and be together. You are very fortunate.
22) 17) text: “hat we need, Fritz, darling, is... (pulls out bottle of gin) Dear old ilother's Ruin. (a short laugh) Just what the doctor ordered, (pours them each a fulsome glass) I got a letter today from an old friend...,a girl I grew up with... she was absolutely marvelous. te were always in trouble together... for smoking and not wearing bloomers... «+ everybody kept telling us we'd come to a bad end, (laughs; drinks) well, she did. (flicks envelope which lies. on table) She married a boy from home and is just about to have her second baby. Suddenly the door bursts open, BRIAN enters, He is messed up, but not hurt. He does not see FRITZ. Page 115
22) 19) dialog: (alarmed) Natalia? Who is it you need for Sticking plaster?
22) 27) dialog: Let me see. Tenderly, he kneels in front of WATALIA, who sits stiffly upright in a chair, her hand covering not only her forehead, but as much of her eyes as possible... she will not look at FRITZ.
22) 29) dialog: He did not know. BRIAN removes the hand from her face in order to apply the plaster. FRITZ gasps when he sees the vound, It is superficial.,.but it is his NATALIA who is wounded, BRIAN puts the plaster over the cut.
22) 30) dialog: You must go to a doctor, It will not be clean enough from just washing. There must be a disinfectant.
22) 33) dialog: I do not think so.
22) 35) dialog: It needs another plaster...this one will let in too much air...dust... SALLY stands quietly watching FRITZ attend to NATALIA. Page 117 BRIAN hands NATALIA a brandy. PRITZ peels another plaster.
22) 37) dialog: I know, but let-me do it, please. Drink your brandy and let me do it. WATALIA, although she tries not to show it, is very touched. BRIAN sees SALLY is drinking gin. Quietly he takes jt from her. Gives her his brandy.
22) 39) dialog: There.
22) 41) dialog: You will let me take you, please...
22) 43) dialog: " ,.am not sixty years old and can go home unmolested."
22) 45) dialog: No. ‘NATALIA and if we run into another of these ... abominations?
22) 46) dialog: I must be with you, ilatalia. Page 118 At this, BRIAN raises his head. The two men exchange glances, FRIT2 nods very gently. He speaks to BRIAN. FRITZ (cont) I tell it now.
22) 51) dialog: (to NATALIA) : COME. oe As he reaches for her hand, the camera moves in to hold CLOSE on their clasped hands. The voices of FRITZ and the i.C. are heard in unison as we
22) 53) dialog: From now on, we go together. PAN UP to find H.C. and an attractive girl gorilla holding hands, She wears a chic little skirt and carries a handbag. H.C, looks reprovingly at his audience (and our audience). i.C. (sings) I know what you're thinking... you wonder why i chose her Out of all the ladies in the world. That's just a first impression... Vhat good's a first impression? If you knew her like T do, It would change your point of view. Page 119 nc (Contd) If you could see her through my eyes, You wouldn't wonder at all, IF you could see her through my eyes, I guarantee you would fall... Like I did. When we're in public together, I hear society moan. But if they could see her through my eyes, iiaybe they'd leave us alone. . How can I speak of her virtues? I don't know where to begin: She's clever, she's smart, she reads music, She doesn't smoke or drink ginsees Like I do, Yet when we're walking together, They sneer if I'm holding her hand, But if they could see her through my eyes, taybe they'd all understand, (they waltz) : I understand your objection, I grant you the problem's not small. But if you could see her through my eyes, She doesn't look Jewish at all! CuT TOs