7) 54) dialog: I am well, TI have had a cold, but it is better now.
7) 56) dialog: This was a cold in the chest, Not in the head, All the plegm was here, {points to her chest, which is noticeably more generously proportioned than SALLY's)
7) 58) dialog: The plegm that comes into the tubes.
7) 65) dialog: So? Then I'm sorry, (opens her eyes mockingly) I cannot help you. At this other strange pronouncement, FRITZ and SALLY stare at NATALIA, Only BRIAN understands NATALIA's way of speaking. He smiles at her.
7) 67) dialog: (for the first time, she really smiles. It is an enchanting smile, even a little mischievous) Good. We shall see.
7) 69) dialog: Thank you no. I do not eat between meals, And no sugar, neither, Just plain black coffee.
7) 73) dialog: That is not, I think, founded in fact, But kissing, most decidedly,
7) 76) dialog: No, I am not to be shocked. (staunchly) It is true I am a most bourgoise young woman, but not Victorian, No, Wow I must go, I think, (vises) Page 39
7) 78) dialog: I will pay for all the hour, But now I must meet with my mother,
7) 80) dialog: My dear young man, I am not sixty years old, and I can go home unmolested by myself,
7) 88) dialog: It has been a most interesting time. lost educational,
7) 109) text: ‘BRIAN T vannot imagine anyone pouncing on Natalia, Page 42
7) 116) dialog: It is lovelier still in English.
7) 118) dialog: (straight-faced) I have English sufficiéntly, Now dow does it go? (frowns, pretending to concentrate) ‘Verzauberte: wie kann ... kann .,.!
7) 127) dialog: (the Games-mistress) It is fifteen minutes from the hour, We will walk to the bridge...over... and around the other side from the lake. Fifty minutes one way, forty-five the other, We will be most healthfully benefitted.
7) 131) dialog: (sternly) You do not juad, I think, a healthy life, She starts to lead the way, Page 45 SALLY, very much in the Spirit of the day, falls in beside NATALIA, bravely marching along in her high heets,
7) 132) dialog: Come, We yo thig way. (NATALIA vigorously slaps her own arms, rubs them) Ye make circulation, Circulation benefits all extremes, You will see,
7) 135) text: He smiles, Cur TO; BACK OF NATALIA and SALLY, BRIAN's POV. NATALIA strides purposefully along. SALLY catches her heel, UE sec, rather than hear her ‘Damn!
8) 0) text: It is closed, NATALIA, by now rather grim, marches forward followed by the groaning SALLY, and the, by now, heavily burdeneed FRITZ €and BRIAN.
8) 4) dialog: (sternly realistic) It is already. April. BRIAN takes the newspaper from his coat, places it for SALLY to sit on,
19) 38) dialog: (sits...bolt upright in a straight-backed chair) No, thank you. I am never eating between meals.... SALLY opens cabinet to expose a fresh and now quite lavish supply of liquor,
19) 39) dialog: Nor drinking neither. (pause) Thank you, SALLY beams encouragingly as she plops herself onto the sofa, curling up in her new suit and fur coat.
19) 40) dialog: it is a very lovely coat, dear Miss Bowles, It is new? Page 61
19) 42) dialog: (takes a deep breath) Sally ... what I wish to discuss’ with you ... Fraulein ees Sally ... please you will tell me if you have seen Fritz Wendel lately?
19) 44) dialog: I come back from the country two days before yesterday, He comes to call on me that evening, Fraulein, I think I have done you perhaps an injustice,
19) 46) dialog: I have always think of you as a young lady who has no control of herself, and I have been disdainful of you therefrom, I am sorry. I do not think I have understood,
19) 48) dialog: IT have think always that I have con- trol for myself. Please, you will not laugh at me if I tell you some- thing that is very personal to me?
19) 50) dialog: Fritz Wendel has declared love for me, and I have not taken him seri- ously, because it is all too formal, (MORE)
19) 51) text: t 1 Page 82 oo. NATALIA (cont) too discreet, Then...two nights before last, it is all...al2 changed, She pauses, unable to continue,
19) 54) dialog: He throws aside his formality. (takes a deep breath) His respect for me....
19) 56) text: - ‘ | His face is solemn, his eyes probing...none of the chronic conciliatory attitudes we have come to expect from FRITZ now show themselves, We see that he is seated in NATALIA's home...the library, It is a room of solid bourgeois comforts...rich leath- ers, a deep sofa, many Pillows, Throughout the scene that follows, we see FRITZ always from NATALIA's POV... .NATALIA becomes for us, in effect, the CAMERA, What happens to NATALIa, happens to us, We hear NATALIA's voice as she narrates the scene. But that is all. PRITZ sits across a chess set from the unseen NATALIA, He does not look at the board, He looks straight into the face of NATALIA/THE CAMERA, ‘ NATALIA (VOICE OVER) My parents were out...we were playing chess...he played stupidly,..he paid no attention... he was looking always at me... never smiling...just looking. In six moves 1 win... “~~ FRITZ barely looks down at the board, as NATALIA'’s hand appears in shot and makes final Checkmate move, He shrugs, Returns his dark, intense eyes to NATALIA, Pace 83 JAGALI (VOIC OV£2) (cont) It is not pleasant to be so stared at... i tell him ne is being rude. At that... ne smiles... PRIT2Z gives a faint, am »ignous smile, but does not we cease to tool. with meaningful intensity into the face of waTALIA. WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont) The smile...it is somehow worse than the stare... (takes a preath) Then...then he picks up the cness board and... . (swallows painfully) It is my father's best set. but Pritz does not care... FRITZ picks up the board and carelessly puts it on the floor...several men fall, roll off the board. He pays no attention, ite is interested only in his erstwhile partner,,.Once rid of the chess board, he now thrusts aside the small table that held it...thus removing o~ the final barrier between himself and WATALIA. . WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont) ile cares for nothing except to... TOeee FRITZ now moves in. WE see him coming closer, closer until his face is first directly before us, then he presses closer and over,,.'E/TIIE CAMERA/NATALIA are under him. FRITZ’ face, implacable, predatory, stares down onto us....we will be devoured. WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont) .».to take me. I have never known a man like that...it was...it was...
19) 61) dialog: I have never known a man like that, It was most disturbing. (visibly pulls herself together) Of course...finally...I was able to make him stop...
19) 66) dialog: (her eyes still closed, she whispers) And now, I cannot sleep. I cannot sleep. (opens her syes, they are filled with tears... of distress and lenging) So you must tell me. Please.
19) 68) dialog: I wish to know, please, if I should marry him. ily parents tell me no. . They care for me. They think only of me, and they do not care for him. and he is not Jewish, I have always wished to warry a Jewish man, but now £ do not care. I truly do not care about that, Only I think perhaps there is something of Herr 'lendel... something of him.,.something wrong. And that therefore I should not marry him. You will advise me, please?
19) 144) text: I know, I know. And still, I could not say it. when I listened to Natalia, [think I wanted it even more, that no one should ever know. Even now, I cannot ke one from ‘the Landauers, and have letters like that written to me, I am ashamed from myself, but it is so, And now I have told you, and now you know me for what I am. And it is not nice. (a pause) Well, you say something, please, SALLY . It's all so silly. What's being Jewish got to do with anything?
21) 48) dialog: (indicating the gift in BRIAN's hand) You will sec. Once Sally becomes a wife, she will be most proud to make tea from good silver.
21) 52) dialog: I cannot leave my parents. By now they have reached the store's exit. They go through revolving deors to the: street. CuT TO:
22) 4) dialog: (fiercely, shaking off his protective arm) Wo! I won't! This English expletive draws the attention of the NAZI speechmaker. He sccwls at her,
22) 6) dialog: {so furious, she is not even slightly frightened) It is not tae Jews, but pigs like you who are looking for someone to feed off...
22) 10) dialog: Lying scum! ‘iLldly, NATALIA swings her purse at the leering face... she almost makes contact, but he ducks. At this moment, someone throws a stone...whether at the store, the WAZI, or NATALIA, we do not know. Glass shatters, women scream, the WAZI dodges away, the shattering glass catches NATALIA, cuts her forehead, SRIAN, pushing his way to her, grabs her and pulls her ruthlessly through the panicky crowd.
22) 24) dialog: SALLY holding onto WATALIA's arm, NATALIA holds her hand over the cut in her forehead, She is a bit rumpled, but otherwise quite alright, although her suit and blouse are bloody. When she spots FRITZ, she stiffens, but continues toward SALLY's room.
22) 32) dialog: (very uneasy under the attentions of the hovering
22) 36) dialog: I can put it on myself.
22) 40) dialog: _And now I must go to home. (rises, straightens her clothes)
22) 42) dialog: ily dear young man, Taceoe