1) 5) dialog: Ja?
1) 8) dialog: ~ Well ... Fraulein Schneider nicht zu Hause ... uh, so, Sie wollen Kormen und warten hier? (even we can under-~ stand that SALLY's German ‘is atrocious. BRIAN cannot help smiling)
1) 10) dialog: You're English! How marvelous! (notices his eyes on her fingernails; wiggles her fingers) Divinely decadent! Come in. Fraulein Schneider isn't here at the moment, I had to send the poor old liebling out shopping ... BRIAN moves past her into the house. SALLY closes the door after him.
1) 14) dialog: Have you a cigarette, Brian, darling? I'm desperate. Quickly, BRIAN produces a package. SALLY takes one and from her kimono pocket brings forth a ridicu- lously long cigarette holder. She smiles delightedly at BRIAN,
1) 15) text: Page 7 SALLY (Contd) Oh, schon, englischen Zigaretten! cur TO:
2) 0) text: u.c. And now presenting ... the Cabaret Girls! The GIRLS enter, dancing. There are about six or eight of them. Ail are rather grossly sexy showing a lot of overripe flesh. Heavily made up, even by cheap theatrical standards. Their costumes bring to mind the filmy, inadequate covering of George Grosz's women. i1.C. Fach and every one a virgin. You don't believe me? Well, don't tzke my word for it. Go ahead ... ask her! Outside the wind blows ... but here it is so hot ... every night we have the battle to keep the girls from taking off all their clothing. So don't go avay. Who, knows? Tonight we may lose the battle! liusic up as the girls. dance. cuUT TO: INT, SCHNEIDER'S RECEPTIO#I ROOLi - DAY (Music Under) Arranged in a self-consciously sexy position on the ratty old sofa, SALLY does her version of Theda Bara with the cigarette holder. It is obvious that BRIAN finds her deliciously foolish.
2) 1) dialog: Hy God, I've even begun to think in German.
2) 3) dialog: Forever.
2) 6) dialog: Almost three months. (BRIA laughs) What are you laugning at?
2) 8) dialog: There's a marvelous room. (jumps up) Come on, T'1l show you ... {at the door) You'll adore it! They move down the hall, turn a corner. SALLY (Contd) Would you like to see my room? (flings open the door of a room) . There! Isn't it absolutely Stately Homes? Fifty marks with breakfast. Even when you're late with the rent. Yould you like a prairie oyster?
2) 12) dialog: Prairie oysters, darling ... PULL BACK to show SALLY and BRIAN in Sally's room, standing beside an open cabinet which contains her rather singular provender ... eggs, Worcestershire sauce, liquor ... as well as toothpaste and brush in another glass. - pba trees as redak. .
2) 15) dialog: (continues) It's an egg with Worcestershire sauce all sort of wooshed up together ... . (She removes the long cigarette holder from her mouth and uses that end of it to ‘woosh' up the eggs ! with the sauce. BRIAN watches the operation, fascinated) I simply live on them. They work instantly on even the most sinister hangover,
2) 16) dialog: {hands BRIAN one of the glasses, Sus- piciousiy, he eyes its contents) Did you ever knew Elsie Willard? In London? The Honorable Elsie Willard?
2) 18) dialog: Everybody in London knew Elsie.
2) 20) dialog: Marvelous, isn't it!
2) 24) dialog: (Laughs) You got the toothbrush glass. cuT TO; INT. KIT KAT KLUB - NIGHT {ilusic up and under)
3) 0) text: The bedroom is very small, dreadfully cramped and pitifully appointéd, as well as dark. SALLY and BRIAN stand in the doorway. ‘
3) 1) dialog: (cheerfully) Well, after all, what do you need in a bedroom but a bed?
3) 4) dialog: (laughs) Oh, you can use my room. (takes his hand, : pulls him out) ' Page 11 CAMENA HOVES THFIi INTO SALLY'S ROO?! The door is open, i'e can see across the hall to the open door of the other roen, SALLY (cont.) (gesturing the whole setup) You see! It's like a suite. Anc I'm hardly ever in. In the day I'm usually dashing, an@ at night, I work until late in a Cabarct. And when I get through there, I usually go out. I mean, I may bring a man home occasionally, but only occa= Sionaliy, because I do think one ought to go to the man's rooms, if one can. I mean it doesn't look so much as if one expected it. So you see, you can use this room prac- tically all of the time.
3) 6) dialog: I am rushing toward middle age with outstretched arms! I embrace the menopause! (grins) Nineteen. But I've got ancient instincts. and I have ese perfectly marvelous vibrations about you. So you're to move right Int okay?
3) 8) dialog: (sotto voce) It's Praulein Schneider. Now let me do the bargaining.
3) 11) dialog: Liebling! Absolutely the most marvelous stroke of luck for you! Wy cousin! from London ...
3) 22) dialog: (cheerfully, but firmly) That second amber's late again, Klaus, darling - I'll be back in a few minutes ... cur TO: LONG SHOT of SALLY, quickly threading her way through tables behind BRIAN, making certain he doesn't see her. She stops at the table of a dark, good-looking YOUNG ijAN, who rises quickly to greet her. She smiles, sits down, speaks to him. We see her pointing to BRIAN, who is now watching the backstage curtain, in the hope of seeing SALLY.- SALLY grins, picks up the telephone on the table, speaks into the mouthpiece. cut TO: BRIAN's table. His phone rings. He is startled, then amused. He answers it.
3) 27) dialog: (beaming) I know! Isn't it marvelous! Brian, darling, I want you to meet Fritz ... my oldest friend in Berlin, The two young men shake hands. FRITZ is quick- moving, eager to please.
3) 30) dialog: I knew you'd adore each other. Fritz, darling, you keep Brian cempany while I go back and speak to Klaus, 1 Page 15 During the above, BRIAN's eye has been caught by the exquisite ELKE; who sinuously glides from the businessman's table to the NEM'S ROQii, which she enters, LRiAil's eyes widen a bit. SALLY notices.
3) 31) dialog: (frowning slightly) Well, of course she is a boy ... but she hates qoing €6 the Men's Room. 1 think they're mean to make her. She always goes sitting down,
3) 33) dialog: She told me. She's the only nice girl in this place ... (SALLY rises, gives BRIAN's shoulder a pat) I won't be long. {she goes)
3) 48) dialog: What?
3) 50) dialog: (dead pan) But aren't they all pretty much dead?
3) 55) text: Page 18 SALLY” Through the last stage manager «es Eric. He was divine and an absolutely marvelous lover, but he got a job in Keme and aban- doned me. . (shrugs) Oh, well, Actually my number doesn't go too badly, do you think?
3) 57) dialog: (solemnly) I am a most strange and extra- _ordinary person. I'm going to be a very great star, of course. (frowns) If booze and men don't get me first. Do I shock you, darling?
3) 59) dialog: {interested) Why do you say I'm trying to shock you?
3) 61) dialog: How do you know?
3) 63) dialog: (smiles) Oh Bri, you are a darling. (they resume walking) Isn't Fritz an absolute liebling? Page 19 SALLY (Contd) You must stick him plenty for the English lessons. We can afford it. (looks at him) Somehow I don't think you're very good at goid-digging.
3) 65) dialog: (righteously} Well, at least I try. Coming toward them, on’ the sidewalk, is a strange motorized vehicle, three wheels, a seat and a steering device, It is just large enough to hold the crippled young man who propels it through the dark, steering with one arm, the other, cuddling close to hin, a very old dog wrapped against the night air in a blanket. On the front of the vehicle, fly several small flags, one a swastika, As SALLY and BRIAW approach and pass this strange night vision, they do not speak. When it is gone, they resume their conversation.
3) 67) dialog: My mother's dead. Since I was ten. Daddy's in the diplomatic service. He's a terrible snob, of course ... (laughs). Strong on appearance because he's so short on money. One of those. But, actuaily, we adore each other. Of course, he'd absolutely pass over if he knew what an old whore T an.
3) 69) dialog: Oh, he didn't. that he let me do was stay on in London after . he got transferred to Rumania. Iwas at Rada. (HORE)
3) 71) text: Page 20 SALLY (Contd) {very British} The Poval Academy of Dramatic Arts ... {assumes a histrionic attitude) That's where I got so dramatic! I was bored to death. You're supposed to spend two years learning to fence! Anyway, I had this mad friend. Elsie?
3) 73) dialog: Well. So I moved in with her for a while. Then after she died ...
3) 75) dialog: (nods) Pills. Poor Elsie, Well, after Blsie died, I decided to come to Berlin with another actress. - She said we'd be able to get filn work with the Ufa ... which didn't exactly work out. So here Iwas. Actually I'm a marvelous gold-diger, So ... I slept with this guy at the Kitkat ... and he got me the job. It pays practically nothing ... mostly just tips. (giggles) = wrote Daddy that I was tour- ing with an operetta. (looks up, her face lights up) Here comes the train! Run! Run! Dragging BRIAN behind her, she sprints for the street under the overhead. She is just in time. As the train rushes by above them, SALLY Opens her mouth and to BRIAN's consternation, screams and screams and screams ... the sound alnost completely muffled by the noise of the train, With the train's passing, SALLY shuts her mouth and smiles beatifically.
3) 78) dialog: I always scream when the train goes over. ‘Sometimes I come out and wait espec- ially. It's delicious. You must try it next time, Let's go home, She once again cozies up to BRIAN's side and walks toward Fraulein SCHNEIDER's.
5) 2) text: I'm sorry, Fraulein. I was just having a lovely soak, then I decided to wash my hair, kost fas she pushes past SALLY into the bath) No consideration! She slams the door, SALLY shrugs, hugs her warm body happily, moves down the hall, cuT To;
6) 0) text: BRIAN, still in bed, deeply immersed in the book LUDWIS has left him, ‘There is One sudden loud pound on his door, then SALLY bursts in, hugging herself, Shivering, BRIAN looks up, frowning.
6) 1) dialog: (shivering pitifully) I'm freezing! Tug me! Quick! Body warmth! That damned water heater! Freezing, freezing! ° Hug met She throws herself against BRIAN who carefully moves her away from his papers before he begins methodically slapping and rubbing her arms and back, SALLY allows this for a moment, shivering encouragingly. She this close, quivering girl's body). SALLY grins mischievously, snuggles against him, SALLY (cont) Hug! Tight. Tichter! {BRIAN obeys.” SALLY looks up at him) Bri, darling, don't be so literal, (She tiptoes up, kissés hime The kiss lasts a bit longer than a moment ... it is returned (HORE)
6) 2) text: Page 26 SALLY (cont) but not passicnately, It is SALLY who pulls away. She regards BRIAN with interest) You're very polite, Bri. I kiss you, You kiss me back, Now what?
6) 4) dialog: (sits down on bed in front of BRIAN. Stares up at him) The hot water didn't really run out, darling. Under this robe I'm all warm and rosy and tingling. {reaches up, pulls at his shirt) What are you under this?
6) 6) dialog: Bri, darling ... (hesitates, stares at him) It occurs to me eae
6) 8) dialog: (plunging in) But, I mean, let's be absolutely frank. Maybe you just don't sleep with girls,
6) 10) dialog: (after pause, pressing on) Oh, you don't, do you?
6) 12) dialog: {apologizes) Gee, I'm sorry! Bri, I just didn't get it, you know. I mean it's sohard for Americans to tell with Englishmen, Whether they're queer or just well-bred.
6) 14) dialog: Well, just for the record .., are you put off by all female bodies, or just_mine? Is my bedy ghastly to you?
6) 16) dialog: (quickly opens the robe to examine herself eritically) “Do you really think so, darling? It does have a certain style. (takes BRIAN's hand, puts it on her stomach) Very flat here and not much hips ... rather boyish, actually ...
6) 19) dialog: (delighted with BRIAN's laugh) I do adore vou, Bri, You're my very best friend, and it's much harder to find friends than lovers. (philosophically) Sex always screws up a friendship if you let it, (puts her arms around BRIAN's waist affectionately) So we just won't let it, Okay?
6) 21) dialog: (nuzzled@ against him) Okay? .
6) 27) text: They are in. another part of the rotunda, BRIAN seated on a bench engrossed in a book, SALLY standing beside him listening to the choir, TENOR AND GROUP (over) The branch of the linden is leafy and green, The Rhine gives its gold to the sca. SALLY reaches over and closes BRIAN's book.
6) 28) dialog: Brian, don't be impolite -- listen. TENOR AND GROUP (Cont over) But somewhere a glory awaits. unseen Tomorrow belongs to me,
6) 32) dialog: 
6) 33) dialog: They're great!
7) 3) dialog: - They cross to the terrace balustrade. BRIAN seats himself on the balustrade ~ SALLY stands. Both face up trying to take advantage of the meager sunlight. After a moment, BRIAN resumes reading. CHORAL GROUP (Over) Tomorrow belongs to me.
7) 5) dialog: (sings euding with offstage choral group) Tomorrow belongs to us, (speaks) Isn't this marvelous! we're terribly good for Gach other, aren't we darling? You're so dreamy and inteliectual, and an absolute infant about money -- while I've got drive and practicality ..% BRIAN looks up, startled by the idea of SALLY's practicality, then delves back into his book, which annoys SALLY,
7) 6) dialog: Oh for Pete's sake, you've had your nose stuck in that boring old book all day, (she closes it again) Page 31
7) 8) dialog: Fifty marks!
7) 10) dialog: You never told me! Fifty marks! Oh, darling! We're richi Stinking, reeking rich! (she grabs the little book from him, reads the title) "Cleo, Die Dame Mit Der Peitsche" I don't get it.
7) 12) dialog: You're working on a dirty book?
7) 39) dialog: (stares at the bottle) It's a question of what comes first, darling, Miss Landauer or my desperation, I have had the most difficult ... Once more, 'JE hear the front doorbell ring.
7) 41) dialog: (indignant) Bri, I may have my little faults, but don't carry on as if I were white-slaving virgins to Latin countries! (to FRITZ) Honestly!
7) 53) dialog: How do you do?
7) 55) dialog: Such a bore ... sneezing and sniffling ...
7) 57) dialog: All the what?
7) 63) dialog: (ta NATALIA) Rules? Oh, dear, {laughs merrily) You can't’ learn English by rules. It's total anarchy, English. Isn't it, Brian, darling?
7) 71) dialog: Oh, Bri, did I tell you? I saw a film the other day about syphilis .., two awful ... I wouldn't let a man touch me for aweek! Is it true you can get it from kissing?
7) 74) dialog: And towels and hairdressers and CUPS eee (sets hers down) Really, Brian, darling, Haven't you . anything more bracing than coffee? I mean, darling, if you only knew what I've been through this afternoon, {beams at NATALIA) I expect Brian has told you about me. I'm an actress. I spent all afternoon making love to an old Jew producer who's promised to give me a contract, BRIAN and FRITZ freeze, WATALIA merely regards SALLY as she would 4 strange declension,
7) 75) dialog: (locks from one to the other) Oh, dear, Have I shocked Fraulein Landauer? (to NATALIA) I'm so sorry.
7) 83) dialog: What does it mean?
7) 92) dialog: (indignant) I went out of my way to be nice to her!
7) 94) dialog: (swooningly) I adore syphilis!
7) 96) dialog: You're just furious because I was having sex with another man, You're jealous,
7) 98) dialog: You hate the idea of Klaus, too,
7) 100) dialog: Haybe not jealous, but you're possessive, es Page 41
7) 102) dialog: (surprised) How did you know?
7) 104) dialog: Brian, do you know, I think you really do love me? You care about me, (BRIAN almost smiles) Do you think she'll come back? Natalia?
7) 106) dialog: What on earth was Fritz up to? Is he after her?
7) 108) dialog: Nell, he'll never get anywhere with a girl like that ... hovering over her and mewing! The only thing that works with that kind of girl is to make a ferocious pounce,
7) 110) dialog: No, darling, ‘That's why it's so effective, . (she flings herselz on him ... demonstratively) Say you adore me!
7) 112) dialog: (her hands around his throat as if to throttle) So? Then I am sorry. I cannot help youl! (they laugh and roll about like puppies until SALLY is pushed to the floor)
7) 125) dialog: We decided to meet here. I had to rehearse with that clot, Klaus, so I thought I was certain to be late but naturally Brian.... (indicates the absence of BRIAN)
7) 129) dialog: Here's Brian. Hello, darling, We're all waiting, BRIAN's thin. overcoat is hunched around him, the collar turned ineffectually up against the wind, There is a newspaper thrust into the outer pocket of his coat, He looks the very picture of an intellectual turned rudely. out-of-doors,
7) 133) dialog: (thought fully) I had a gym teacher once, named tiiss Keister.” She tried to make me blow my nose on toilet paper, As the two girls march ahead, BRIAN and FRITZ are forced to follow sees actually, FRITZ is glad of a Chance to drop back and talk quietly with BRIAN,
7) 135) text: He smiles, Cur TO; BACK OF NATALIA and SALLY, BRIAN's POV. NATALIA strides purposefully along. SALLY catches her heel, UE sec, rather than hear her ‘Damn!
7) 147) dialog: (crossly) - Of course, I'm alright. I'm just utterly exhausted, that's all, “@ must have walked ten miles! Hy feet are destroyed! CUT TO; CLOSEUP WATALIA'S shocked face,
8) 0) text: It is closed, NATALIA, by now rather grim, marches forward followed by the groaning SALLY, and the, by now, heavily burdeneed FRITZ €and BRIAN.
8) 1) dialog: I can't ‘go on, you'll have to send a litter!
8) 3) dialog: wn ily Godt It's ices “se Page 48
8) 6) dialog: (who is not at all up to reading the newspaper) That's right. BRIAN . Then, I think he must be in Berlin, (SALLY¥'s eyes pop open) There's some sort of big meeting.... the Baltic states....they're all at the Adlon.
8) 7) dialog: (abruptly straightens up, her aching foot forgotten) Uhat'll I do? (stares around at the others) Let's get out of here! She starts at a clip down the path. FRITZ and WATALIA look at each other, BRIAN grins, They follow.
8) 13) dialog: I'm not acting a part. insistently) You simply don't understand. I adore him and he adores Me .. He absolutely worships me. And he just has this: Kind of «+eelittle girl image of me.... SALLY and BRIAN, have come to the Adlon; In order to enter, they must pass through a small Communist picket line, The pickets march in orderly fashion. They carry anti-American signs, most of them in German «+eOne or two in English. BRIAN gives them a short, interested look, SALLY, oblivious, chaltters'on and they pass through and enter the hotel, . SALLY (cont) That's the way the thinks of me, T'm just.... (lamely, as she disappears into hotel) His Sally, His little Sally. cur TO: “
8) 17) dialog: Oh, yes, Daddy, I am, I adore it, uk, BONLES And how are you progressing with the language? One assumes that you're aiming for the talkies, (smiles teasingly)
8) 18) dialog: (seriously) I've been working terribly hard... (brightening) : And I do have a gift for languages, HR, BOMLES gazes benignly at SALLY for a prief moment, then snaps his finger at a waiter who has been hovering:
8) 19) text: {to waiter) Gnaedige Frau wird bestellen, (hands SALLY the menu) Order for us, my dear, In German, Co Page 51
8) 20) dialog: (lamely) But I don't know what you want, Daddy.
8) 23) text: Pen poised over his order pad -- completely bewildered cur To: MED. CLOSE GALLY -~ finished ordering. She airily dismisses the waiter, who is still largely in ignorance of what has been ordered, His English is excellent, but the pigeon~German in which: SALLY has ordered, defeats him. HE looks to MR. BOWLES for instruction, HMR. BOWLES indicates that the lady's order is to be fulfilled. Regardless. Once the bewildered waiter is out of sight, MR. BOWLES laughs.
8) 25) text: ec Page 52 MR, BOULES (cont) dear little face... : (another brief beam at SALLY) Of course, I'm her father. And deeply prejudiced, (a pat of the hand) Still...,it hardly is the face of a great actress,
8) 26) dialog: (in a small defiant voice) ia Sarah Bernhardt was hideous, but she was a great star and had hundreds of lovers and was fascinating.
8) 32) dialog: The bastard! I hate him! It's always like that. I do everything T can to please him and he treats me like the village idiot! The ugly village idiot! (looks desperately at BRIAN) I really do hate him!
8) 34) dialog: Admit he's a phony and a stuffed shirt!
8) 36) dialog: Actually, I'm rather marvelous look- ing...I mean I've grown up to be rather marvelous looking. And I am see a little bit fascinating. ~~ (defiantly) : Even if I'm not Jewish and crippled...
8) 38) dialog: You're damn right I am! (she has obviously had a piercing insight) But I've never let him know it! The poor darling old duck, he's hatched a swan and it's time he knew it!
9) 0) text: SALLY, our SALLY, stands at the PORTER's desk,
9) 1) dialog: But I'm Mr. Bowles’ daughter.
9) 3) dialog: (impatiently) When will the meeting be over?
9) 5) dialog: Then they'll come out through the lobby. I'll wait here. CB EEEEEDDES'’S Page 55 She gives the PORTER the old SALLY BOWLES knock-'em- dead smile, fingered hand., The clock Says 4:55, SALLY gives a deep, impatient sigh, Suddenly, we see her catch sight of Something, She sits up, tilts her head prdvocativels. takes a deep puff from the cigarette holder,
9) 7) text: One or two of them give her a look, a faint smile, Her gaze is so obviously fastened on Someone ... possibly one of their group? ... that one of the Se€cond-in-commang glances back to see where the girl's attention is fixed, BOWLES still has not noticed SALLy, The Second-in-command realizes that this outrée young girl is Waiting for either BOWLES or his nearest companion, The higher-in-command dip- lomat nudges his nearest companion, smiles, indicat- At this moment, BOWLES Spots his daughter, SALLY, BOWLES* POV, stands with one hand negligently Page 56 holding the cigarette prop, the other hand dramatically caresses the base of her throat, cuT TO: SALLY's green fingernails holéing long cigarette holder,
9) 10) dialog: She takes a step toward him, smiling happily. cur TO:
9) 15) dialog: You could say I'm your daughter,
10) 0) text: The room is without artificial light. We can, at first, barely see SALLY, curled up into a small, miserable ball on the bed. BRIAN sits beside her, trying to com- fort her. She is erying bitterly, Her make-up is smeared, her hair a wreck,
10) 1) dialog: (sobbing and choking) Diplomat: He's nothing but a two bit pen-pusher-door-opener-ass= kisser! That's all he is no matter how many wine stewards he snaps his fingers at .... he's nothing and he's ashamed of me, so what does that make me!
10) 3) dialog: (cries out piteously) Oh, Bri! He's never loved me! No- body's ever really loved me ... (MORE)
10) 4) text: Page 58 SALLY (cont) everybody abandons me! Every man I've ever known!
10) 10) dialog: Bri ... He bends his head to her and kisses her gently cn the lips.
10) 11) dialog: (through the kiss) Bri ... Slowly, slowly the kiss becomes more intense ... BRIAN's eyes shut tight ... it is like a dream into which he slowly drifts as he and SALLY sink back onto the bed into the great German feather quilt and the lark, cuT TO;
10) 12) dialog: She is singing a wildly exuberant song, Pull back to reveal that she is performing in the Kit Kat Klub. Page 59 (New song to be written for this spot.) The number will be staged as a vocal and dance so that the fol- lowing intercut sequences will not disrupt the per- formance flow, At some point in the number we see that BRIAN is seated at ringside and she is singing to him. He looks ex- tremely pleased with both her and himself.
10) 16) dialog: Tell me about your mother,
11) 0) text: SALLY continuing number. This part will be danced ~- - choreography will probably require participation of others, MED SHOT - SALLY - at end of this sequence. CcuT TO:
11) 3) text: SALLY and BRIAN in bed as before, BRIAN begins tu kiss her knee, working his way down to her foot. Suddenly he pulls back. ). Page 60
11) 5) dialog: T'm of the earth,...earthy. You should be moved by my dirty toenails.
11) 9) dialog: Let's get back to your mother. What single word describes her best? |
11) 11) dialog: I'm the great turning point in your life, darling. cuT TO:
11) 14) dialog: I'll never let you go back to men. Men are swine, We must never, never have anything to do with men. Page 61 BRIAW laughs.
11) 15) dialog: Be serious. Did you know that I'm going to be Faithful to you? I'm going to be totally, boringly, twenty-four hours a day faithful... Unless, of course, it involves a film contract ... or something fatal like that...and you're going to he completely faithful to me. Does that scare you?
12) 0) text: SALLY FINISHES NUMBER. As she exits into wings, plants a hasty kiss on the cheek of KLAUS. She clicks her tongue and winks, at him, indicating "that was perfect."
12) 4) dialog: (sweetly) I just said I had a touch of syphilis. BRIAN hoots.
12) 5) dialog: Wait'll he gets a load of what good old Elke's got!
12) 9) dialog: I'm so happy to be me I can't stand to go to sleep and miss any of it! She folds herself happily into his arms. cUT TO:
13) 1) dialog: {to the laundress) Kann ich der Wasche ubermorgen zguruckhaben? In a hurry?
13) 3) dialog: I couldn't be more embarrassed, I'm Sally Bowles. He manages to bow and click his heels without seeming in the least Germanic...his ease in every situation 15 as authentic as SALLY pretends hers to be.
13) 8) dialog: (voice over as she reacts with Groucho eyebrows) Monev! cuT TO: CLOSE UP of M.C. with a leering smile.
13) 10) dialog: (into camera, a growl) Money! PULL BACK to reveal SALLY and M.C. on stage at Kit Kat Klub, They do a double, (New song to be written about wealth.) a Page 65 At the finish of the number, we see LOTHAR, in evening clothes, standing near the bar. He accepts a light from the bartender. ELKE sees him, her face lights up. She moves in.
13) 17) dialog: {sipping greedily) Marvelous! Page 66 LOTHAR kisses SALLY's hand, smiles into her eyes, until he feels BRIAN's eyes on him. LOTHAR turns.
13) 20) dialog: But, darling! I have to work. LOTHAR smiles lazily. In this, as in all his subse- quent excesses, we must never feel that he is showing off or behaving in any way that is not natural and habitual with him. He is @ispleased or restless, ergo, he does something about it.
13) 25) dialog: (rises) I'll get my coatt (starts to go, turns back) Oh, Bri, darling .., that little business I mentioned earlier aes come back and help me take care of it now, Page 67 BRIAN is bewildered, but her imperious command gets him to his feet, SALLY radiates at LOTHAR.
13) 26) dialog: We won't be a moment! cur TO; InT. KIT KAT KLUB DRESSING ROOM AREAWAY ~ NIGHT SALLY walking followed by BRIAN, She speaks over her shoulder,
13) 27) dialog: We mustn't let him out of our sight, Bri! He can get me in films! And YOU sees She stops before an open door and turns back to BRIAN. It is the dressing room of the M.C., who can be seen Seated facing the door, He is wearing a dressing gown and sits with his knees spread apart, somewhat inde- cently, SALLY oblivious to him in B.G.
13) 28) dialog: Well ... he can open doors for you, darling. Don't you see
13) 31) dialog: Brian, you must take this seriously, . , Page 68 FOLLOW THEM into her dressing room. She takes her coat from a hook, and starts to put it on. BRIAN helps with the coat,
13) 32) dialog: I have the most marvelous vibrations! Our. fortunes are made! Just hang on tight! DISSOLVE TO;
14) 0) text: CUT To: It is late night. As the car, chauffeur-driven, speeds furiously through the dark, we catch a brief glance of SALLY, BRIAN, LOTHAR, all in the back, bundled up in fur rugs against the night air. They are singing lustily, obviously drunk and very happy. CcuT To:
16) 7) text: a Ee Page 70 LOTHAR (cont} (to the maid) And tind a pretty night dress for Fraulein Bowles... (touching SALLY's face affectionately} She has been up very late, and she needs a nap. (to BRIAN) Am T not a proper English nanny?
18) 2) text: BRIAN, in LOTHAR's red sweater, looks fresh and rested, SALLY, although still in the same dress, also looks groomed and pulled together. Now they stare, bemused, at LOTHAR's green aircraft,
18) 19) dialog: (indicating the plants) I've never seen anything so adorable! (twists her neck about, as if having a sudden twitch of pain) Oh. My neck is all stiff...somebody give it a little rub, please, The 'somebody' is obviously meant to be LOTHAR, against whom she is pressed, LOTHAR turns her about so that he can get to the back of her neck. Tenderly, gently, he massages.,,SALLY moans pleasurably. All the while, LOTHAR smiles provocatively at BRIAN, baiting him some- how. BRIAN does not react, LOTHAR bends over, kisses the back of SALLY's neck.
18) 21) dialog: (pain forgotten, she turns happily to LOTHAR) Marvelous!
19) 1) text: ' . : Page 75 from an enormous, roaring fireplace. They have long since dined. BRIAN, once again more than a little drunk, stands in a long window, con- templating the night, a drink in his hand, He is wearing the trousers and jacket in which he arrived. BRIAN is restless and unhappy, but caught in some sort of trap, from which he is unable, for the moment, to extricate himself. He is angry with SALLY, but unable to focus his disapproval because he is also frightened of himself, He is strongly attracted to LOTHAR.
19) 6) dialog: No fair! I can't understand when you talk so fast.
19) 8) dialog: Marvelous!
19) 14) dialog: (everything calls to SALT. Africal
19) 22) dialog: Darling! She throws down the packages and flings her arms around BRIAN's neck, gives him a quick kiss, then steps back so he can take in the coat.
19) 23) dialog: Do you like it? Isn't it divine!
19) 25) dialog: I absolutely couldn't restrain him, she runs back to bed, grabs up the largest box, begins to tear it open)
19) 26) dialog: Wait till you see what we got for you, darling. {pulls out contents of box) Silk shirts! A dozen! You can't imagine the expense, He wanted to get you a fabulous cigarette case, but I told him shirts would be better...We don't want him to think we're golddiggers.
19) 28) dialog: (still admiring the shirts...a thought. She frowns) Do you think they'll be too warm for the trip? You'll definitely need
19) 29) text: Page 79 SALLY (cont) cotton once we get to Africa... (shrugs) Oh, well, you can use them sometime. (smiles. radiantly) And we went back to the travel agency. We have definite bookings on. the {ship's name) out of Genoa on the seventeenth, (put off by BRIAN's continued silence) Well, say something! Are you angry about The cigarette case? I just thought it seemed more tactful to get something like shirts.” Don't you think? BRIAN . I think you're being a stupid little slut.
19) 30) dialog: A little slut, maybe, but not stupid. (patiently) When we get back, Lothar is going to get me into films.
19) 32) dialog: {confident and good- natured) Ho, yourself, (checks her watch) Oh, God, you've got to clear out now, T got the most m sterious inesnage from Natalia, She's coming here to see mé. Alone, She gives BRIAN's still rather unyielding cheek a peck; pushes him toward door.
19) 33) dialog: Now stop pouting about the shirts or morals or whatever's bothering you. Grow up, darling. BRIAN goes silently. When he is out of sight, SALLY has a thought and runs to the door to call after him, Page 80
19) 34) dialog: Listen! Did I tell you we've all got to take malaria pills for the vip? Isn't that marvelous! CUT TO;
19) 36) dialog: Hi! This is great! You are abso- lutely the first girl visitor I've ever hadt NATALIA reacts with a faint nervous smile. For the first time since we met her, NATALIA seems ill at ease with herself. Once in the room, she stands clutching her handbag, unfocused. .
19) 37) dialog: Sit down, darling. Would you like a prairie oyster?
19) 41) dialog: (smiling radiantly) I'm so glad you like it. But for goodhéss sake, call me Sally. SALLY puts Cigarette in fancy, new gold holder; it is as long as the old one,
19) 43) dialog: Not for the last week, actually,
19) 45) dialog: Oh? .
19) 47) dialog: (fascinatad) How do you mean?
19) 49) dialog: {kindly} No, of course I won't,
19) 57) dialog: Marvelous! WATALIA (VOICE OVieR) Most upsetting. FRITZ's eyes close,,.his face moves down, down... until it is a blur...we hear his quick breathing faintly under WATALIA's narration.
19) 60) dialog: Good for Fritz! cut To: .' TWO SHOT SALLY and NATALIA
19) 62) dialog: You didn't!
19) 67) dialog: But what am I supposed to tell you?
19) 69) dialog: (rather taken aback and touched by this solemn confession) TALL ceveeee
19) 72) dialog: (shocked) Don't be silly. Of course you won't. Page 86
19) 74) dialog: (stares at this honest and deeply felt distress in dismay. At last she offers...) Golly. Do they have Jewish nuns?
19) 77) dialog: (whisrering) Bri...I'm nome. {no response from
19) 79) dialog: Bri, t keep thinking about Watalia, (very serious) Can you imagine, darling...all that misery from just one little pounce! (she puts her face into - his shoulder, shivers) Thank Sod, we're not like that. BRIAN doesn't answer. SALLY sits up and pours two glasses of wine, hands one to BRIAN. They drink,
19) 83) dialog: ivery sure of herself, of her hold over LOTHAR) He's really rather weak, you know... terribly sensual. What you don't understand, uri, is the power of a woman's body over a man like Lothar. Ke'd do anything for me. (sips ner wine contentedly) And you know, darling, I do rather adore him, I mean that. I really do. (giggles) I can hardly afford not to. He's going to make me a star...
19) 85) dialog: (sits up indignantly) What do you mean by that?
19) 87) dialog: (reduced to the idiom ef childhood) A fat lot vou know, That is precisely how you get to be a star. I've been waiting for years....
19) 90) dialog: For someone like Lothar. And now that I've got my hooks into, him, I am going to use him and use him and use himl (righteously) And it isn't even as if I were being a total whore. He's terribly attractive. You know he is,
19) 92) dialog: Oh, darling, you. mustn't be jealous of him. itle's not jealous of you. lie honestly isn't. I mean, after -all, he certainly knows about you and me. Tonight when i told him I was coming straight home, he just smiled and said 'Give brian my love'. He never raised an eyebrow, He understands life and how to live it.
19) 94) dialog: (gaily) iioment to moment, darling! Like me! Like Lothar. {nolds up her glass) To you and me and Lothar, darling. Two marvelous gents... (flutters her eyes kiddingly) And one lovely lady. cut TO:
19) 132) dialog: Will he go?
19) 137) dialog: Of course you can, Fritz.
19) 141) dialog: Oh, I had an idea you were when you made such a fuss about not being, And then I forgot all about it. Page 94 SRIAN smiles at her.
19) 144) text: I know, I know. And still, I could not say it. when I listened to Natalia, [think I wanted it even more, that no one should ever know. Even now, I cannot ke one from ‘the Landauers, and have letters like that written to me, I am ashamed from myself, but it is so, And now I have told you, and now you know me for what I am. And it is not nice. (a pause) Well, you say something, please, SALLY . It's all so silly. What's being Jewish got to do with anything?
19) 146) dialog: Oh, great! Here's Lothar... (jumps up from table and leaves)
19) 152) text: SALLY joins LOTHAR, gives him a big kiss.
19) 162) dialog: Let's turn around, ‘please! It has nothing to do with us!
19) 164) dialog: Let the nasty things all kill each other, (sighs contentedly) In two more days we'll be gone, so vuho cares! Page 97
20) 0) text: LOTHAR, SALL‘, RIAN at table. It is a heavily timLered Hofbrau-styled room, Here peaceful middle- class Germans and their families drink beer. There is much talk and laughter, and an accordian- dominated group is playing. Good-natured waiters make theiz ways deftly among the the tables, filling orders, SALLY, LOTHAR, BRIA, their own good-humor somewhat restored, raise their beer steins to cach other,
20) 1) dialog: Bye-bye to Berlin.
20) 3) dialog: what is it they say in German when you're going on a journey and they want to wish you luck?
20) 6) dialog: Leg-break?
20) 8) dialog: (raises her stein again) Neck and leg-break, darlings! They drink, then enjoy a moment of peace and relaxation,
20) 9) dialog: On, listen, In front of IUSICIAIS,a group of young WAITERS stand in a line. ‘They have begun to sing the sweet melody of "TOMORROW DELONGS TO ME", w, Page 98
20) 15) text: Page 99 CLOSE ON LOTHAR reacting to song. He has a look of intense concentration. PULL BACK: to show “IRIAN reacting to LOTHAR. SALLY oblivious of both of then, joins singing.
20) 20) dialog: I think I'm going to have to get another piece of luggage... darling, we cannot take those old books...
20) 22) dialog: ‘ell, just be glad there's still a going market! Mave a prairie oyster. Have some champagne. (drops down on her knees in front of him, playfully) Have me! warling, did I tell you how sexy you look in jodhpurs! Honestly, we're probably about the two sexiest people in Bserlin! low we're going to throw it around Africal (MORE)
20) 23) text: Page 100 SALLY (cont) (BRIAN doesn't respond to anv of this) Bri, darling, on a trip like this... all this ropinguity. «other might just find himse wanting to make me the Baroness von Ileune und Regensburg. (BRIAN gives her a look) “@ll, stxanger things have happened. ‘ BRIAN (moves irritably) Let's finish packing. . SALLY ° Bri, you really have turned into the dreariest, most downbeat, middle-class...
20) 25) dialog: (givee him a campily seductive shoulder, a Hae Yestisn kind of reading) I'm the whore of Berlin. I haven't hit Babylon yet.
20) 29) dialog: I don't believe youl
20) 31) dialog: {making a giant effort to shrug off this unexpected personage) "ell, he can't be very firmly married... when we gO to ee.
20) 33) dialog: (her eyes narrowing, dangerously) Of course, darling, we know all about your vast experience of les femmes we. fatale or otherwise. If you knew anything at all about men and women, you'd know I™vé handled Lothar brilliantly!
20) 35) dialog: Why don't you just come out with it? You're rotten jealous because Lothar's everything you're not! He's worldly and rich and suave and divinely sexy! He really appreciates a woman's body.ee.
20) 37) dialog: (shouts) I dot
20) 40) dialog: (blank with shock) You and Lothar..
20) 42) dialog: You and Lothar. You bastards!
20) 46) dialog: I thought you ioved me! Yhere is a sudden knock « the door. Nebthor SALLY nor BRIAN answers ily silinpedy + $ oasdcoe Davey
20) 50) text: at one another. In the teuse silane, ate ahve is tactfully slipped under the door. SALLY glances down, recognizes the handwriting, moves to pick up the envelope. saps She opens it and pulls out a letter and a modest assortment of banknotes, SALLY stares first at the money, then reads the letter, her face expressionless. At last, she looks up.
20) 51) dialog: He's run out on me, {thrusts the letter at
20) 54) dialog: What's so funny?
20) 57) dialog: {uninterested in Hitler) What about his duty to me! Suppose they won't take me back at thé Club! He's let me throw over everything and then abandoned me with three hundred lousy MAarkS oe.
20) 59) dialog: ‘hat do you mean it doesn't matter!
20) 61) dialog: (this is only added fuel to the fire) Us. Of course it was us he abandoned, wasn't it? Us he dumped Like a couple of tired tarts! Leaving us with all this...safari.... {furiously kicks the pile of packaags) junk! Heonever meant to play fair with me! Not from the beginning. And vou! You knew it all the time, didn" you, Lady ‘!indemere? BRIAN gives her a sharp, hard slap which she instantly returns. Too furious to trust himself further in the same house with SALLY, 2RIAN stumbles across the littered floor and slams out of the room,
21) 0) text: The Kit Kat CHORUS GIRLS (about seven) enter from the wings doing a typical "Tiller Girls" routine. Facing front, arms around each others! waists, unison kicking, etc, They are dressed in abbreviated black costumes, revealing much flesh above their stocking tops and at the cleavage. Suddenly we are aware that one of the girls is the i.c. (Note: This will be a version of the very effective number from the show in which the H.C. reveals himself to be a transvestite.) As the dance begins to fall apart, we hear the ominous sounds of military drums, The music changes to a martial version of “TOMORROW BELONGS TO ME" as the iieC. and the GIRLS gdose-step offstage. curt TO: INT. SALLY'S ROOii LATE NIGHT SALLY and BRIAii lie in bed together, BRIAN, his face battered, a cut above the oye covered with stickina plaster. lis nose is swollen and his lip out. His is asleep. Seside him lies SALLY, awake. The fur coat is spread over the bed, cUT TO:
21) 1) dialog: The room is cleared and back very much in its original state, Only a few boxes remain, BRIAN, his face a bit improved, is again at work at the the table. SALLY sits listlessly regarding the remaining boxes,
21) 3) dialog: (kicks at one of the. boxes) God, how easy we must have seemed.
21) 6) dialog: (continuing as if she doesn't hear him) Sitting ducks. The damn degenerate. (iooks up) He took cocaine, you know.
21) 8) dialog: se cme . (righteously) I have never known a dope fiend you could rely on. (BRIAN smiles. SALLY, continuing with no change of tone whatever, throws the bomb) I'm going to have a baby. BRIAN ° A (utterly horrified) Oh, nv Godl
21) 11) dialog: (tiredly) Of course, I have, @arling. It was just that under the circumstances, it seemed more convenient for it to be Lothar's.
21) 13) dialog: Oh, you know what I mean, darling. (NORE )
21) 14) text: Page 107 SALLY (cont) (there is a moment of silence between them as they studiously avoid looking at each other) I'm awfully scared, Brian.
21) 16) dialog: Well, obviously, i can't have the baby...I'd be a rotten mother, Just a betrayed whore.
21) 18) dialog: The doctor I went to will do it. But it's horribly expensive...he has to bribe somebody for some kind of certificate or something. I'll have to give him my fur coat...
21) 20) dialog: (begins to sob) Oh, Bri, I have never in my life been so terrified! Oh, Christ, it's awful! Silently, BRIAN holds herr finally, she straightens up, sniffing, pulling herself together.
21) 21) dialog: It's so awful to think about,..that there's something alive inside of you, and you can't let it live... (her voice fades off)
21) 23) dialog: (crossiy) Oh, for God's sake, Brian, don't be soft. ‘that difference does it make what kind of mother I'd be?
21) 25) dialog: Oh, darling! You're always so nice. (her lip trembles somewhere between tears and laughter) I mean, it probably is your baby, but just suppose it turns out to be a nasty little coked-up Kraut! (BRIAN laughs, SALLY smiles) Anyway, you don't have any money.
21) 27) dialog: Oh, Bri... {trying it - a mixture of awe and doubt) A professor's wife, ly God,
22) 13) dialog: Wo, you must come in and have a drink. I'm so glad I ran into you, Fritz, darling, I've been horribly depressed, Page 114
22) 15) dialog: Oh, yes, it's marvelous being with Brian, darling, But going back to England... (sighs) Actually, I don't suppose we'll even be “in Lendon. Probably some Outpost of the Empire like Manchester. They have reached Fraulein SCHNEIDER's house; SALLY takes out her key. cur To:
22) 20) dialog: What on earth... BRIAN dashes across the hall to his Loom. « «FRITZ right on his tail.
22) 57) dialog: Sure Anna, I'll write. SALLY'S POV - BRIAH at table. ANNA touches SALLY's arm appreciatively as she moves off, SALLY continues to watch BRIAN, He is very solemn, Suddenly, he is approached by a HAN who reminds us very strongly of LOTHAR. The MAN is very attractive and not obvicusly homosexual. He Jeans over, smiles, and speaks to BRIAN. BRIAN smiles and ig completely civil, put also, completely negative. The MA, with a faint, teasing, disbelieving smile, bows and walks away. cuT TO:
22) 60) text: She is still watching BRIAN, She, too, closes her eyes, tight. Scmeone indistinguishable appears behind her. A man's arm encircles her from behind and places his hand on her breast. ‘SALLY reacts ~~ as she turns, we cur TO: CLOSE SHOT ~ ii.C. and SALLY, face to face. SALLY igs startled. She pulls back. He holds her by both elbows, He smirks.
23) 0) text: The sound of applause and drum roll at end of preceding scene should cut off abruptly - actually cut the tape - so as to emphasize the silence as we cut to this scene. LONG SHOT FROM EXTREMELY LOW ANGLE, In the foreground, find SALLY hugging her fur coat about her. She's standing with her back to the camera looking up a dimly lit, long, steep stairway leading to a somewhat grubby landing which sports a large stained~glass window. As it is night, very little light filters through this remnant of better days. SALLY sighs. deeply, then moves. toward the stairs and starts up. Hold on her climp as long as possible, The only sound, the noise of her spiked heels on the steps. CcuT TO:
23) 3) dialog: Her expression impassive as she waits for a response to her ring. She reacts to the door opening.
24) 3) dialog: You are quite the nicest man in the world, darling. (drinks, tnen makes an attempt to contain the situation) I suppose you wonder what on earth happened to me... I ran into some Paga 123 : SALLY (cont) old friends, and I'm afraid we made rather a night of it. {puts her feet up on the sofa, Still SRIAN doesn't speak) You must have been horribly worried, I'm so sorry, darling. I'ma monster.ee: (attempts a laugh) «esa very hung-over monster. (BRIAW"'s silence and steady regard is getting on her nerves) Well...aren't you going to say anything?
24) 5) dialog: (brightly) . Harvelous! tiell...as long as the pressure's off...I mean, we might . as well take our time ...I really would like to stay on at the club for a few weekS.esee
24) 7) dialog: Darling, Max did take me back after that Africa nonsense, and I don't want to run out on them while they need me..,I think liax is finally beginning to realize what a tremendous asset I am, and...
24) 10) dialog: Nell, actually, darling.... (MORE)
24) 11) text: Page 124 SALLY (cont) (takes a deep breath) I'm not. “Tgives him a big smile) Everything's okay, ‘ihat I mean is, surprise! You know how stupid TI am at arithmetic. I must just have made the most ridiculous MiSCOUNT.ee0 | Brian Did the doctor miscount too?
24) 12) dialog: Oh, you know what kind of doctor he was. Dreadful little quack abortionist...probably tells everybody they're pregnant... trying to drum up trade, These people will do anything for a few dirty marks.
24) 14) dialog: (determined to see the great lie all the way through) Oh, God, darling, it was the most drunken night. I've lost it. Oh, well...who needs to be reminded of Lothar? You know, Bri, you were absolutely rijht...his running out was the best thing that could possibly have happened to us, jie would have just dragged us down...destroyed our careers. (BPIAN just continues to stare at her, driving her to chatter more and more nervously, emptily) I wish you'd been with us tonight, Bri, darling. I haven't drunk so much in years! We went from place to place to place... I can't even remomber half of them, it was all so... wild...s0.0. marvelous... (her record plays down)- There is a long moment of silence, Then SALLY, taking a deep treath, sits up, grabs BRIAN's hand. Page 125 SALLY (cont) Darling, don't you see, the . trouble was, I really do adore you, And sooner or later you wouldn't adore me.... and there we'd be... barling, you know I can't bear not being adored, so I'd probably run out and there'd be the child...and you'd have to keep it because... (bravely giving BRIAN an emotional out... taking, really, all the blame on herself) After all, I do have my career to think of. BRIAN looks at her, sees through her completely. He manages a smile, pours each of them a glass of brandy, Then he takeB an envelope from his pocket, removes some money from it.
24) 16) dialog: (more tenderly than she has ever spoken) Neck and leg-break, Bri..... Suddenly they are tight in each other's arms, cur TO:
25) 6) dialog: (sings) Life is a cabaret, old chum, Come to the cabaret, Put down the knitting, the book and the broom, Time for a holiday. Life is a cabaret, old chum, Come to the cabaret. Come taste the wine, Come hear the band, Come blow a horn, start celebrating Right this way, your table's waiting. No use permitting some prophet of doom To wipe every smile away. Life is a cabaret, old chum, Come to the cabaret, I used to have a girl friend known as Elsie tith whom I shared four sordid rocms in Chelsea. She wasn't what you'd call a blushing flower; As a matter of fact, she rented by the hour, The day she died the neighbors came to snicker, "Nell, that's what comes of too much pills and liquor. But when I saw her laid out like a queen, She was the happiest corpse I'd ever seen. I think of Elsie to this very day I remember how she'd turn to me and say.... Page 127 SALLY (cont) what good is sitting alone in your room? Come hear tne music play. Life is a cabaret, old chum, Come to the cabaret. Put down the knitting, the book and the broom, Tire for a holiday. . Lire is a cabaret, old chum, Come to the cabaret. And as for me, as for me, I made my mind up back in Chelsea. “men I go, I'm going like Elsie! Start py admitting from cradle to tomb Isn't that long a stay. Life is a cabaret, old chum, only a cabaret, old chum, And I love a cabaret!
26) 12) text: ‘ " . Page 129 isto the downbeat for SALLY's vocal entrance as we cuT TO:
26) 14) dialog: Ft es : : . (singing) ‘ Y made iy mind up back in Chelsea, Jnen I go I'm going like Elsie. (lights dim) ee. from cradle to tomb Isn't that long a stay, Life is a cabaret, old chum, Life is a cabaret, old chum, CAMERA PULLS BACK to give the effect of SALLY's figure receding, It becomes smaller and smaller as she repeats, singing:
26) 15) dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum, Life is a cabaret, old chum, “~ Life is a cabaret, old chum, {fades out) cuT TO: