1) 21) dialog: Hey, come on son.
1) 23) dialog: No tears now.
1) 36) dialog: This is for sinuses. Oh, and if he can't swallow you give him one of these. And if he had trouble breathing you can give him some of those.
1) 38) dialog: (to son)
1) 40) text: Yes, I put it in my room. Spaz's father tries to say something else to Dr. Hager bu has already gone.
1) 50) text: Yep. Chemistry. My father thought I should get ahead. How was your summer Slick? CHARLIE
1) 74) text: Father, I thought you'd gone. The other boys stand up when he enters. BOYS
1) 79) text: But Father, I can't. It wouldn't be fair. MR PERRY
2) 2) text: Father, I wasn't disputing- MR PERRY
2) 13) text: Well just don't tell me how to talk to my father. You guys are the same way. KNOX
13) 20) text: Well he's the spitting image of his father, isn't he. How is he? Come on in. CHET (O.S.)
13) 24) text: I know where you're headed, like father like son, huh?
26) 11) text: So, I'm gonna act. Yes, yes! I'm gonna  be an actor! Ever since I can remember,  I've wanted to try this. I even tried to  go to summer stock auditions last year,  but, of course, my father wouldn't let  me. For the first time in my whole life  I know what I wanna do. Neil grabs a handful of papers off Todd's bed and tosses the air. NEIL
26) 12) text: and for the first time I'm gonna do it  whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem!  TODD
26) 13) text: Neil, Neil, hold on a minute. How are  you gonna be in a play if your father  won't let you?  NEIL
31) 10) text: They need a letter of permission from my  father and Mr. Nolan.  TODD
54) 3) text: Save some for me. "But, room, Fairy!  Here comes Oberon." Neil opens the door to his room and sees his father sitti NEIL
54) 4) text: Father.  MR. PERRY
55) 19) text: I just talked to my father. He's making  me quit the play at Henley Hall.  Acting's everything to me. I-- But he  doesn't know. He-- I can see his point.  We're not a rich family like Charlie's,  and we-- But he's planning the rest of  my life for me, and I-- H-He's never  asked me what I want.  KEATING
55) 20) text: Have you ever told your father what you  just told me? About your passion for  acting. You ever show him that?  NEIL
60) 1) text: Did you talk to your father?  NEIL
65) 2) text: Lysander riddles very prettily:  Now much beshrew my manners and my  pride,  If Hermia meant to say Lysander lied.  But, gentle friend, for love and  courtesy  Lie further off; in human modesty,  Such separation as may well be said  Becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid,  and, good night, sweet friend:  Thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life  end! Neil is watching the actors from the wing. He glances out and sees his father enter the back of the theater. Neil b the shadows. LYSANDER
67) 1) text: If we shadows have offended, Neil directs his eyes at his father, who stills stands at of the theater. PUCK
67) 5) text: Excuse me, I'm Neil's father. I need to  see him. Backstage, the woman approaches Neil. WOMAN
67) 6) text: Neil, Your father. He's- Neil nods in agreement. ACTOR
69) 2) text: But that's ten more years. Father,  that's a lifetime!  MR. PERRY
69) 6) text: What? What? Tell me what you feel. What  is it? Neil looks to his mother and then back to his father but nothing. MR. PERRY
76) 9) text: It was his father!  CHARLIE
76) 11) text: He wouldn't have left us. It's because he- He wouldn't have. His dad was-- his, his  father did it.  CHARLIE
76) 13) text: His father killed him. He made him do it. MEEKS
83) 0) text: Todd enters the room to see his mother and father seated Mr. Nolan's desk. MR. ANDERSON
83) 8) text: I have here a detailed description of  what occurred at your meetings. It  describes how your teacher, Mr. Keating,  encouraged you boys to organize this  club and to use it as a source of  inspiration for reckless and self- indulgent behavior. It describes how Mr.  Keating, both in and out of the  classroom, encouraged Neil Perry to  follow his obsession with acting when he  knew all along it was against the  explicit order of Neil's parents. It was  Mr. Keating's blatant abuse of his  position as teacher that led directly to  Neil Perry's death.  Mr. Nolan motions to Todd's father, who passes along a sh paper to Todd. MR. NOLAN