1) 15) dialog: Hello Mr. Nolan.
1) 17) dialog: Thank you, sir.
1) 19) dialog: I'll do my best sir.
1) 29) dialog: Hey, I hear we're gonna be roommates. He shakes Todd's hand.
1) 30) dialog: I'm Neil Perry.
1) 32) dialog: Why'd you leave Balincrest?
1) 34) dialog: Oh, so you're that Anderson.
1) 42) text: Hey, how's it going Neil? NEIL
1) 44) text: Neil, study group tonight? NEIL
1) 47) text: Oops! Cameron quickly leaves. Neil tries to keep from laughing the room and sets his luggage down on his bed. NEIL
1) 48) text: Listen, don't mind Cameron. He was born with his foot in his mouth. You know what I mean? He pulls some papers from his blazer pocket and playfully across the back with it. CHARLIE comes to the door with a smug expression on his f MEEKS are close behind him. He points at Neil CHARLIE
1) 49) text: Rumor has it, you did summer school. NEIL
1) 53) text: Yes sir. NEIL
1) 55) text: Travesty. Horror. Decadence. Excrement. Charlie makes himself comfortable on Neil's bed and light Meanwhile, Todd is by his bed unpacking his luggage. CHARLIE
1) 56) text: Okay, study group. Meeks aced Latin. I didn't quite flunk English. So, if you want, we've got our study group. NEIL
1) 58) text: Hmm, what's his specialty, boot-licking? NEIL
1) 61) text: Oh, I'm sorry, my name is Steven Meeks. Neil quickly gets up from his spot by the window. NEIL
1) 66) text: Knox Overstreet. NEIL
1) 72) text: And English, and Trig. Charlie begins coughing. There is a knock at the door. Ch stamps out his cigarette on the floor and Neil tries to w from the air. NEIL
1) 73) text: It's open. The door opens and Mr. Perry walks into the room. Neil qu the window. NEIL
1) 76) text: Keep your seats fellows, keep your seats. Neil, I've just spoken to Mr. Nolan. I think that you're taking too many extra curricular activities this semester, and I've decided that you should drop the school annual. NEIL
1) 78) text: Well I'm sorry Neil. NEIL
1) 80) text: Fellas, would you excuse us for a moment? Mr. Perry walks towards the door and Neil hesitantly foll pauses by the door and smiles to the other boys.
2) 1) text: Don't you ever dispute me in public. Do you understand? NEIL
2) 3) text: After you've finished medical school and you're on your o can do as you damn well please. But until then, you do as Is that clear? NEIL
2) 5) text: You know how much this means to your mother, don't you? NEIL
2) 7) text: Well, that's my boy. Now listen, you need anything, you let us know, huh? NEIL
2) 8) text: Yes sir. Mr. Perry slaps his son on the shoulder and leaves. Neil back against the wall as the other boys emerge from the r CHARLIE
2) 10) text: Yeah Neil, tell him off. It couldn't get any worse. NEIL
2) 12) text: Okay, so I don't like it any more than you do. NEIL
2) 14) text: All right, all right, Jesus. So what are you going to do? NEIL
2) 16) text: Well I wouldn't lose much sleep over it. It's just a bunch of jerks trying to impress Nolan. NEIL
2) 18) text: Well, uh, Latin, eight o' clock in my room? NEIL
9) 1) text: That was weird. NEIL
10) 3) text: Me. NEIL
10) 10) text: Ooh! NEIL
10) 13) text: Yeah we'll see. Neil approaches Todd, who's been sitting by the window st floor. Neil snaps his fingers to get Todd's attention.  NEIL
10) 15) text: Uh, no, no I, uh, I've got some history I wanna do. NEIL
14) 0) text: Several students are throwing darts at a small rubber ske from the bulletin board. Various students are studying an Meeks and Pitts are sitting at one table working on their Meeks is waving an antenna around with no luck. Pitts poi that he forgot to plug it in. Neil, Cameron, and Charlie their trig homework. CAMERON
14) 1) text: Just replace these numbers here with "x", for "x" and "y". NEIL
14) 9) text: Tonight, I met the most beautiful girl in my entire life. NEIL
15) 1) text: Gentlemen, open your text to page twenty-one of the introduction. Mr. Perry, will you read the opening paragraph of the preface, entitled "Understanding Poetry"? NEIL
15) 2) text: Understanding Poetry, by Dr. J. Evans Pritchard, Ph.D. To fully understand poetry, we must first be fluent with its meter, rhyme, and figures of speech. Then ask two questions: One, how artfully has the objective of the poem been rendered, and two, how important is that objective. Question one rates the poem's perfection, question two rates its importance. And once these questions have been answered, determining a poem's greatest becomes a relatively simple matter. Keating gets up from his desk and prepares to draw on the NEIL
15) 3) text: If the poem's score for perfection is plotted along the horizontal of a graph, and its importance is plotted on the vertical, then calculating the total area of the poem yields the measure of its greatness. Keating draws a corresponding graph on the board and the dutifully copy it down. NEIL
15) 4) text: A sonnet by Byron may score high on the vertical, but only average on the horizontal. A Shakespearean sonnet, on the other hand, would score high both horizontally and vertically, yielding a massive total area, thereby revealing the poem to be truly great. As you proceed through the poetry in this book, practice this rating method. As your ability to evaluate poems in this matter grows, so will - so will your enjoyment and understanding of poetry. Neil sets the book down and takes off his glasses. The st across from him is discretely trying to eat. Keating turn the chalkboard with a smile. KEATING
15) 13) text: We shouldn't be doing this. NEIL
15) 14) text: Rip, rip, rip! Neil makes Cameron turn back around. KEATING (O.S.)
17) 0) text: Neil joins the others at the table. He pulls out a yearbo NEIL
17) 1) text: Hey, I found his senior annual in the library. He hands the annual over to Cameron who laughs at the you NEIL
17) 5) text: What's the Dead Poets Society? NEIL
17) 7) text: Is there a picture in the annual? NEIL
18) 0) text: Keating is walking down towards the lake, whistling the s The boys emerge from the building and chase after him. NEIL
18) 2) text: Gentlemen. NEIL
18) 5) text: God. Neil crouches down next to Keating. NEIL
18) 7) text: I doubt the present administration would look too favorably upon that. NEIL
18) 9) text: Gentlemen, can you keep a secret? NEIL
18) 13) text: No Mr. Overstreet, it wasn't just "guys", we weren't a Greek organization, we were romantics. We didn't just read poetry, we let it drip from our tongues like honey. Spirits soared, women swooned, and gods were created, gentlemen, not a bad way to spend an evening eh? Thank you Mr. Perry for this trip down amnesia lane. Burn that, especially my picture. Keating hands the annual back and walks away, whistling o remains crouched. NEIL
18) 15) text: What? The school bells begin ringing and everyone heads back to Neil stands up. NEIL
18) 19) text: Where's this cave he's talking about? NEIL
18) 28) text: You boys there, hurry up. Neil turns around and faces the other boys. NEIL
18) 30) text: Come on Neil, Hager's right- NEIL
18) 35) text: I don't know Neil NEIL
18) 38) text: His grades are hurting Charlie. NEIL
18) 40) text: What is this, a midnight study group? NEIL
18) 56) text: For God's sake stop chattering and sit down. The boys take their seats once again and Neil goes over a Todd, who is sitting by himself. NEIL
18) 58) text: No. NEIL
18) 60) text: Yes, but- NEIL
18) 62) text: Keating said that everybody took turns reading and I don't want to do that. NEIL
18) 64) text: N- no, I don't have a problem. Neil, I just- I just don't want to do it, okay? NEIL
18) 66) text: That's not how it works. NEIL
18) 68) text: What? What are you gonna do, go up and ask them? Neil shrugs. TODD
18) 69) text: No. No, Neil. NEIL
18) 71) text: Neil, Neil! Neil gets up and rejoins the others. McAllister hears the again. MCALLISTER
18) 75) text: What's the matter? Don't you like snakes? Neil enters and taps Todd on the shoulder. NEIL
18) 94) text: No, no, the smoke's going right up this opening. Pitts tries to stand up and slams his head into the low r lets out a yell while the others laugh. NEIL
18) 96) text: Oh God. Clowns. NEIL
18) 97) text: All right, all right, forget the fire. Let's go gentlemen. Neil stands before the others with the book in hand, and on a cigarette. NEIL
18) 98) text: I hereby reconvene the Dead Poets Society. The boys cheer. NEIL
18) 100) text: I'll second that. NEIL
18) 101) text: "To put to rout all that was not life, and not, when I had come to die, discover that I had not lived. Several boys whistle softly in reaction to the poem. NEIL
18) 102) text: And Keating's marked a bunch of other pages. Neil begins flipping through the book. CHARLIE
18) 107) text: Don't keep anything back either. You guys are always bumming my smokes. Meeks lays his coat down and everyone dumps their food on the pile are chocolate chip cookies, a box of raisins, a orange, and half a roll. NEIL
18) 116) text: OhhhВ… noВ… NEIL
18) 130) text: What, did you bring one?  NEIL
18) 132) text: I didn't memorize a poem. Move up. Neil moves to the side as Charlie stands and takes his sp MEEKS
18) 135) text: Take center stage.  NEIL
18) 139) text: Teach me to love? Go teach thyself more  wit. I, chief professor, am of it. Neil gets up and looks over Charlie's shoulder to see wha reading. CHARLIE
18) 140) text: The god of love, if such a thing there  be, may learn to love from me. Charlie winks at the guys and they clap and cheer. NEIL
18) 142) text: Abraham Cowley. Okay, who's next?  Neil sits reading from the book by flashlight. NEIL
20) 5) text: Mr. Perry?  NEIL
22) 5) text: You see, the world looks very different  from up here. You don't believe me? Come  see for yourself. Come on. Come on!  Charlie and Neil quickly rise from their seats to go to t of the classroom. The rest of the class follows them. Whi continues speaking, Neil and Charlie join him on the desk Keating jumps down. KEATING
26) 0) text: Todd is on his bed trying to write a poem. The door opens turns his writing pad over. Neil enters the room laughing down next to Todd's bed and plunks a sheet of paper in To NEIL
26) 2) text: You found what?  NEIL
26) 4) text: "A Midsummer Night's Dream"?  NEIL
26) 6) text: What is this?  NEIL
26) 8) text: I know that. I-- Wh-Wh-What does it have  to do with you?  NEIL
26) 10) text: Yes, so? Neil pounds on the bed and then pulls a blanket off his b wearing it like a cloak. NEIL
26) 11) text: So, I'm gonna act. Yes, yes! I'm gonna  be an actor! Ever since I can remember,  I've wanted to try this. I even tried to  go to summer stock auditions last year,  but, of course, my father wouldn't let  me. For the first time in my whole life  I know what I wanna do. Neil grabs a handful of papers off Todd's bed and tosses the air. NEIL
26) 13) text: Neil, Neil, hold on a minute. How are  you gonna be in a play if your father  won't let you?  NEIL
26) 15) text: Yeah, but won't he kill you if he finds  out you went to an audition and didn't  even tell him?  NEIL
26) 17) text: Well, that's impossible.  NEIL
26) 19) text: Well, why don't you just call him and  ask him? And m-maybe he'll say yes.  NEIL
26) 20) text: That's a laugh! Neil tosses the blanket back onto his bed. NEIL
26) 22) text: Yeah, but if he said--  NEIL (shouting angrily)
26) 23) text: Jesus, Todd! Whose side are you on? Todd says nothing. Neil looks at him for a moment and the the flyer back from Todd. He walks over to the window, hi excitement gone. NEIL
26) 24) text: I mean, I haven't even gotten the part  yet. Can't I even enjoy the idea for a  little while?  Once again, Todd says nothing. After a moment, Neil sits heater and Todd returns to his poem. NEIL
26) 26) text: I don't know. Maybe. NEIL
26) 28) text: W-What is that supposed to mean?  NEIL
26) 29) text: You're in the club! Being in the club  means being stirred up by things. You  look about as stirred up as a cesspool.  Neil gets up from the window and stands over Todd. TODD
26) 30) text: So- You want me out?  NEIL
26) 32) text: Well, listen, Neil. I-I appreciate this  concern, but I-I'm not like you. All  right? You, you, you say thing and  people listen. I'm, I'm not like that.  NEIL
26) 34) text: No! I--I, I don't know, but that's not  the point. The, the, the point is that  there's nothing you can do about it, so  you can just butt out. I can take care  of myself just fine. All right?  NEIL
26) 36) text: What do you mean, "no"?  A smile comes to Neil's face. NEIL
26) 37) text: No.  Neil grabs Todd's notebook of poetry and runs across the it. Todd leaps up after him. TODD
26) 38) text: Give me-- Neil. Neil, give that back.  The two begin racing in circles around the room, jumping bed to bed as Todd tries to grab his poem back. NEIL
26) 39) text: "We are dreaming of a--" Poetry! I'm  being chased by Walt Whitman! Okay,  okay. Neil drops the notebook. Cameron walks into the room. CAMERON
26) 40) text: What are you guys doing? I'm sure-- You  see this chemistry- Cameron tries to hold up his book and Neil snatches it fr suddenly all three of them are racing around the room. CAMERON
26) 41) text: Hey, give me-- Neil, give me-- Don't be immature. Come on. I need my-  Charlie enters the room and begins waving his hands. CHARLIE
26) 42) text: Give it to me! Give it to me!  NEIL
26) 43) text: Charlie! Neil tosses Cameron's book to Charlie. CAMERON
26) 44) text: Let me have my book, I need my-  The four boys continue racing around the cramped quarters Cameron's book back and forth. Neil picks up a recorder a blowing erratic notes on it while Charlie starts pounding bongo drums. Outside the room a crowd of boys watch.
31) 0) text: Neil is racing down the hallway, all excited. NEIL
31) 3) text: Puck?  NEIL
31) 5) text: Great, Neil.  NEIL
31) 7) text: Congratulations. Good for you, Neil.  Good for you.  Neil enters his room with Todd and sits down at his typew NEIL
31) 9) text: Neil, how are you gonna do this?  NEIL
31) 11) text: You're not gonna write it.  NEIL
31) 13) text: Oh, Neil. Neil, you're crazy.  Neil begins typing.
31) 14) dialog: Okay. "I am writing to you on behalf of  my son Neil Perry." Neil begins laughing and stomping his feet up and down.
31) 15) dialog: This is great.
36) 12) text: Neil! Neil enters the cave carrying a beat up light stand. NEIL
36) 14) text: What is that, Neil?  PITTS
36) 15) text: Duh. It's a lamp, Meeks. Neil removes the shade from the lamp, revealing the shape as the base of the lamp. NEIL
36) 35) text: No, Charlie. That's just my problem.  I've been calm all my life. I'll do  something about that.  NEIL
39) 0) text: Neil is walking by with the notes for the play when he no sitting off by himself on one of the walkways. NEIL
39) 2) text: Hey.  NEIL
39) 4) text: Nothing. Today's my birthday.  NEIL
39) 6) text: Thanks.  NEIL
39) 8) text: My parents gave me this.  Neil looks down at a deskset sitting next to Todd, still its wrappings. NEIL
39) 10) text: Yeah, yeah. They gave me the same thing  as last year.  NEIL
39) 12) text: Oh.  NEIL (laughing)
39) 14) text: Maybe they weren't thinking about  anything at all. Uh, the funny thing is  about this is I, I didn't even like it  the first time.  NEIL
39) 15) text: Todd, I think you're underestimating the  value of this desk set. Neil picks up the desk set and begins examining it more c NEIL
39) 17) text: Or a car.  NEIL
39) 18) text: Or a car if they could have a desk set  as wonderful as this one? I mean, if, if  I were ever going to buy a, a desk set  twice, I would probably buy this one  both times. In fact, its, its shape is,  it's rather aerodynamic, isn't it? I can  feel it. This desk set wants to fly. Neil tosses the desk set lightly in the air. Todd stands and Neil hands him the desk set. NEIL
39) 20) text: Oh, my!  NEIL
40) 14) text: Hello. How do you do?  NEIL
40) 20) text: Nuwanda?  NEIL
44) 2) text: Yeah. If you guys don't have a meeting,  how do we know if we wanna join?  NEIL
46) 0) text: Tina passes a bottle of alcohol to Neil. TINA
46) 1) text: Go ahead, pass it around.  Cameron motions for Neil not to take it but Neil takes a There is a moment of awkward silence. MEEKS
46) 10) text: So we can all stop beating off.  NEIL
46) 18) text: Are we just playing around out here, or  do we mean what we say? For all we do is  come together and reach a bunch of poems  to each other. What the hell are we  doing?  NEIL
49) 0) text: A crowd of students is gathered about as Charlie stiffly NEIL
49) 2) text: No.  NEIL
49) 4) text: I'm to turn everybody in, apologize to  the school and all will be forgiven.  NEIL
49) 6) text: Damn it, Neil. The name is Nuwanda. Charlie smiles and then shuts his door.
52) 0) text: Neil bikes away as the clock bell tolls.
53) 0) text: Neil walks into the back of the theater and watches vario actors rehearsing on stage. A smile fills his face. DIRECTOR
54) 2) text: Spaghetti and meatballs! Neil comes up the stairs as everyone else swarms down to NEIL
54) 3) text: Save some for me. "But, room, Fairy!  Here comes Oberon." Neil opens the door to his room and sees his father sitti NEIL
54) 5) text: Neil.  NEIL
54) 7) text: Don't you dare talk back to me! It's bad  enough that you've wasted your time with  this, this absurd acting business. But  you deliberately deceived me! How, how,  how did you expect to get away with  this? Answer me. Who put you up to it?  Was it this new man? This, uh, Mr.  Keating?  NEIL
54) 9) text: Did you think I wasn't going to find  out? "Oh, my niece is in a play with  your son," says Mrs. Marks. "No, no,  no," I say, "you must be mistaken. My  son's not in a play." You made me a liar  of me, Neil! Now, tomorrow you go to  them and you tell them that you're  quitting.  NEIL
54) 11) text: I don't care if the world comes to an  end tomorrow night. You are through with  that play. Is that clear? Is that clear?  NEIL
54) 13) text: I made a great many sacrifices to get  you here, Neil, and you will not let me  down.  NEIL
55) 1) text: It's open. Neil enters and closes the door behind him. He appears to KEATING
55) 2) text: Neil, what's up?  NEIL
55) 4) text: Certainly. Sit down. Neil goes to take a seat but notices the chair is piled u Neil picks them up and Keating gets up from his seat to h NEIL
55) 6) text: Excuse me. Get you some tea?  NEIL
55) 8) text: Like some milk or sugar in that?  NEIL
55) 9) text: No, thanks.  NEIL
55) 11) text: No, it's part of the monastic oath. They  don't want worldly things distracting me  from my teaching. Keating gives Neil a cup of tea and they return to their looks at the photo on the desk. NEIL
55) 13) text: She's also in London. Makes it a little  difficult.  NEIL
55) 15) text: Stand what?  NEIL
55) 18) text: What's up?  NEIL
55) 20) text: Have you ever told your father what you  just told me? About your passion for  acting. You ever show him that?  NEIL
55) 22) text: Why not?  NEIL
55) 24) text: Then you're acting for him, too. You're  playing the part of the dutiful son. I  know this sounds impossible, but you  have to talk to him. You have to show  him who you are, what your heart is.  NEIL
55) 26) text: You are not an indentured servant. If  it's not a whim for you, you prove it to  him by your conviction and your passion.  You show him that And if he still  doesn't believe you, well, by then  you'll be out of school and you can do  anything you want.  A tear falls down Neil's cheek and he wipes it away. NEIL
55) 28) text: Well, you have to talk to him before  tomorrow night.  NEIL
55) 30) text: No.  NEIL
60) 0) text: Keating walks from the front of the classroom to Neil's d is the only student remaining in the class. KEATING
60) 1) text: Did you talk to your father?  NEIL
60) 3) text: Really? You told him what you told me?  NEIL
60) 4) text: Yeah. He wasn't happy. But he'll be gone  at least four days. I don't think he'll  make the show, but I think he'll let me  stay with it. "Keep up the school work."  Thanks. Neil picks up his books and leaves.
61) 5) text: Come on, Nuwanda. You're gonna miss  Neil's entrance.  PITTS
64) 0) text: The audience is packed. The stage is set up to resemble a lights dance about it. From behind a bush, Neil emerges, crown of twigs and berries and twigs on his hands. In the Charlie emerges from his seat, all excited. CHARLIE
64) 2) text: Shh, boys. On stage, Neil hides behind a tree as a girl emerges, sim but with flowers in her hair. Neil sneaks over to the gir FAIRY
65) 2) text: Lysander riddles very prettily:  Now much beshrew my manners and my  pride,  If Hermia meant to say Lysander lied.  But, gentle friend, for love and  courtesy  Lie further off; in human modesty,  Such separation as may well be said  Becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid,  and, good night, sweet friend:  Thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life  end! Neil is watching the actors from the wing. He glances out and sees his father enter the back of the theater. Neil b the shadows. LYSANDER
65) 3) text: Amen, amen, to that fair prayer, say I; The director breaks Neil out of his thoughts. DIRECTOR
65) 4) text: Neil. That's your cue, Neil. Come on,  Neil. Here's your crown. Let's go. Neil reluctantly replaces his crown and follows her.
66) 0) text: On stage, Neil collects dew in a leaf and holds it over h fairies dance about. In the audience, Knox takes Chris' h
67) 0) text: The stage is dark. A spotlight comes on to reveal Neil wi the audience. He slowly turns around to face the audience PUCK
67) 1) text: If we shadows have offended, Neil directs his eyes at his father, who stills stands at of the theater. PUCK
67) 2) text: Think but this, and all is mended,  That you have but slumber'd here  While these visions did appear.  And this weak and idle theme,  No more yielding but a dream,  Gentles, do not reprehend:  If you pardon, we will mend:  And, as I am an honest Puck,  If we have unearned luck  Now to 'scape the serpent's tongue,  We will make amends ere long;  Else the Puck a liar call;  So, good night unto you all.  Give me your hands, if we be friends,  And Robin shall restore amends. Neil backs away and the curtains close as the audience be applaud enthusiastically. Behind the curtain numerous peo congratulate Neil as they line up for the curtain call. T open. Charlie and the other boys rise to their feet, foll by the rest of the audience. The actors bow to continued actors push Neil forward and he takes a second bow. BOYS
67) 4) text: Yeah, Neil! The curtain closes again and Neil turns around, letting o excited sigh. Various actors continue to congratulate him lets out a yell as he walks offstage. In the audience, wh are leaving, Mr. Perry approaches a woman. MR. PERRY
67) 5) text: Excuse me, I'm Neil's father. I need to  see him. Backstage, the woman approaches Neil. WOMAN
67) 6) text: Neil, Your father. He's- Neil nods in agreement. ACTOR
67) 8) text: Really I thought you were all just  wonderful! Neil emerges from the curtains, carrying his costume. The nearly empty now, except for Mr. Perry standing at the ba smiles at him but the smile quickly disappears.
68) 1) text: Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. The boys notice Neil and try to dtop him to talk. CHARLIE
68) 2) text: Neil, Neil, you were great.  NEIL
68) 4) text: Neil! Neil! Outside of the crowd, Keating manages to catch up to Neil hold of Neil's coat. KEATING
68) 5) text: Neil. Neil. You have the gift. What a  performance You left even me speechless.  You have to stay with- Mr. Perry returns from his car and shoves Neil aside. MR. PERRY
68) 7) text: Neil! Neil! Mr. Perry, come on.  KEATING
68) 8) text: Don't make it any worse than it is. Neil and Mr. Perry get into their car and drive away. Kea stares after them. CHARLIE
69) 0) text: A photo of Neil standing stiffly with his parents sits on between a glass of alcohol and a half filled ashtray. Mrs watches through the window as her husband and son arrive takes a nervous puff on her cigarette before sitting down Perry walks in with Neil close behind him. Neil sits down desk while Mr. Perry remains standing. MR. PERRY
69) 1) text: We're trying very hard to understand why  it is that you insist on defying us.  Whatever the reason, we're not gonna let  you ruin your life. Tomorrow I'm  withdrawing you from Welton and  enrolling you in Braden Military School.  You're going to Harvard and you're gonna  be a doctor.  NEIL
69) 3) text: Oh, stop it. Don't be so dramatic. You  make it sound like a prison term. You  don't understand, Neil. You have  opportunities that I never even dreamt  of and I am not going to let you waste  them. Neil rises to his feet. NEIL
69) 6) text: What? What? Tell me what you feel. What  is it? Neil looks to his mother and then back to his father but nothing. MR. PERRY
69) 7) text: Is it more of this, this acting  business? Because you can forget that.  What?  NEIL
69) 8) text: Nothing. Neil sits back down dejectedly. MR. PERRY
69) 9) text: Nothing? Well, then, let's go to bed. Mr. Perry leaves. Mrs. Perry pauses on her way out and kn behind Neil. NEIL
71) 0) text: Neil's pyjamas, bathrobe, towel, and shaving kit are all laid out on his bed. Neil touches his pyjamas lightly and removes his coat and shirt. He walks over to the windows opens them, taking several deep breaths. He places the cr twigs on his head and then closes his eyes, slowly lettin fall to his chest.
72) 0) text: A door opens and Neil emerges, slowly walking down the st in a trance.
73) 0) text: Neil holds a key in his hands. He unlocks a drawer in his desk and pulls out a pistol, wrapped in cloth.
74) 5) text: What is it? What's wrong?  Mr. Perry turns on the hallway light and knocks on Neil's the door and goes inside. MR. PERRY
74) 6) text: Neil. Mr. Perry notices the open window. MRS. PERRY
74) 7) text: Tom, what is it? What's wrong? Neil? Mr. Perry continues to look through the house, continuing MR. PERRY
74) 8) text: Neil? Mr. Perry notices the door to his study is ajar. MRS. PERRY
74) 9) text: I'll look outside. Neil? Mr. Perry flicks the light on but sees nothing. Then he s something. Looking closer, he sees a thin cloud of smoke behind his desk. As he moves around the desk he sees his floor and Neil's outstretched hand. MR. PERRY
74) 11) text: Oh, Neil! Oh, my God! Mrs. Perry enters the room and sees her son. MRS. PERRY
75) 4) text: Neil's dead.
77) 0) text: Keating sits by himself at his desk. After a moment he ge and walks over to Neil's desk. Opening it, he finds his c of "Five Centuries of Verse" and flips through the first Sitting down at the desk, he returns to the opening page, the opening verse written there. Keating begins to sob, t the book.
78) 2) text: The death of Neil Perry is a tragedy. He  was a fine student. One of Welton's  best. And he will be missed. We've  contacted each of your parents to  explain the situation. Naturally,  they're all quite concerned. At the  request of Neil's family, I intend to  conduct a thorough inquiry into this  matter. Your complete cooperation is  expected.
79) 19) text: He's right there, Charlie. And if you  guys are smart, you will do exactly what  I did and cooperate. They're not after  us. We're the victims. Us and Neil.  CHARLIE
79) 22) text: Mr. Keating responsible for Neil? Is  that what they're saying?  CAMERON
79) 23) text: Well, who else do you think, dumb ass?  The administration? Mr. Perry? Mr.  Keating put us up to all this crap,  didn't he? If he wasn't for Mr. Keating,  Neil would be cozied up in his room  right now, studying his chemistry and  dreaming of being called doctor.  TODD
79) 24) text: That is not true, Cameron. You know  that. He didn't put us to anything. Neil  loved acting.  CAMERON
80) 0) text: Todd looks out the window and watches as Hager escorts Me to the dorm. Inside the room, Neil's bed has been strippe its bedding.
83) 8) text: I have here a detailed description of  what occurred at your meetings. It  describes how your teacher, Mr. Keating,  encouraged you boys to organize this  club and to use it as a source of  inspiration for reckless and self- indulgent behavior. It describes how Mr.  Keating, both in and out of the  classroom, encouraged Neil Perry to  follow his obsession with acting when he  knew all along it was against the  explicit order of Neil's parents. It was  Mr. Keating's blatant abuse of his  position as teacher that led directly to  Neil Perry's death.  Mr. Nolan motions to Todd's father, who passes along a sh paper to Todd. MR. NOLAN