1) 9) dialog: Thank you. Todd and his parents leave while others file past Mr. Nol
1) 31) dialog: Todd Anderson.
1) 33) dialog: My brother went here.
1) 46) text: Business as usual, huh? Hey, I hear you got the new kid. Looks like a stiff! He begins laughing when he notices Todd coming into the r CAMERON
1) 55) text: Travesty. Horror. Decadence. Excrement. Charlie makes himself comfortable on Neil's bed and light Meanwhile, Todd is by his bed unpacking his luggage. CHARLIE
1) 60) text: That's not my fault. Meeks seems to notice Todd for the first time. MEEKS
1) 62) text: Oh, this is Todd Anderson. Todd turns around and shakes hands with Meeks. MEEKS
1) 63) text: Nice to meet you. TODD
1) 67) text: Todd's brother was Jeffrey Anderson. CHARLIE
2) 20) text: Todd, you're welcome to join us. KNOX
2) 21) text: Yeah, come along pal. Todd looks up from his desk where he is setting his alarm TODD
8) 1) text: "Oh Captain, My Captain" who knows where that comes from? Todd looks up as if he knows the answer, but says nothing nose a little too close to Meeks for his liking. KEATING
10) 13) text: Yeah we'll see. Neil approaches Todd, who's been sitting by the window st floor. Neil snaps his fingers to get Todd's attention.  NEIL
10) 14) text: Hey, you coming to the study group tonight? TODD
11) 0) text: Todd is seated at his desk. He scrawls "CARPE DIEM" acros of his notebook. He looks at it for a few moments before and opening up his Chemistry book.
15) 25) text: We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. Medicine, law, business, engineering, these are all noble pursuits, and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for. To quote from Whitman: "O me, o life of the questions of these recurring, of the endless trains of the faithless, of cities filled with the foolish. What good amid these, o me, o life? Answer: that you are here. That life exists, and identity. That the powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse. That the powerful play goes on and you may contribute a verse. Keating looks up at Todd. Keating
18) 56) text: For God's sake stop chattering and sit down. The boys take their seats once again and Neil goes over a Todd, who is sitting by himself. NEIL
18) 57) text: Todd, are you coming tonight? TODD
18) 59) text: Why not? God, you were there. You heard Keating. Don't you want to do something about it? TODD
18) 61) text: But? But what? TODD
18) 63) text: Gosh, you really have a problem with that, don't you? TODD
18) 65) text: All right. What if you didn't have to read? What if you just came and listened? TODD
18) 67) text: Forget how it works. What if - what if they said it was okay? TODD
18) 68) text: What? What are you gonna do, go up and ask them? Neil shrugs. TODD
18) 70) text: I'll be right back. TODD
18) 75) text: What's the matter? Don't you like snakes? Neil enters and taps Todd on the shoulder. NEIL
18) 99) text: Welton chapter. The meetings will be conducted by myself and the other new initiates now present. Todd Anderson, because he prefers not to read, will keep minutes of the meetings. I'll now read the traditional opening message by society member Henry David Thoreau. "I went to the woods because I wanted to live deliberately. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life." CHARLIE
20) 4) text: Exactly! Morose. Now, language was  developed for one endeavor, and that is?  Mr. Anderson? Come on! Are you a man or  an amoeba? Keating stands before Todd's desk. Todd looks up nervousl says nothing. Keating paused for a moment before looking KEATING
22) 10) text: That's right! You have to deliver it  aloud in front of the class on Monday.  Bonne chance, gentlemen.  Keating steps out into the hall before quickly peeking ba Todd is the last one to stand on the desk and is about to KEATING
22) 11) text: Mr. Anderson? Don't think that I don't  know that this assignment scares the  hell out of you, you mole. Keating flicks the light off, leaving Todd to jump down i as the students laugh.
26) 0) text: Todd is on his bed trying to write a poem. The door opens turns his writing pad over. Neil enters the room laughing down next to Todd's bed and plunks a sheet of paper in To NEIL
26) 1) text: I found it.  TODD
26) 3) text: What I wanna do right now. What's  really, really inside me.  TODD
26) 5) text: This is it.  TODD
26) 7) text: It's a play, dummy.  TODD
26) 9) text: Right. They're putting it on at Henley  Hall. Open tryouts. Open tryouts!  TODD
26) 11) text: So, I'm gonna act. Yes, yes! I'm gonna  be an actor! Ever since I can remember,  I've wanted to try this. I even tried to  go to summer stock auditions last year,  but, of course, my father wouldn't let  me. For the first time in my whole life  I know what I wanna do. Neil grabs a handful of papers off Todd's bed and tosses the air. NEIL
26) 12) text: and for the first time I'm gonna do it  whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem!  TODD
26) 14) text: First I gotta get the part, then I can  worry about that.  TODD
26) 16) text: No, no, no, no. As far as I'm concerned,  he won't have to know about any of this.  TODD
26) 18) text: Bullshit! Nothing's impossible.  TODD
26) 21) text: If I don't ask him, at least I won't be disobeying him.  TODD
26) 23) text: Jesus, Todd! Whose side are you on? Todd says nothing. Neil looks at him for a moment and the the flyer back from Todd. He walks over to the window, hi excitement gone. NEIL
26) 24) text: I mean, I haven't even gotten the part  yet. Can't I even enjoy the idea for a  little while?  Once again, Todd says nothing. After a moment, Neil sits heater and Todd returns to his poem. NEIL
26) 25) text: You're coming to the meeting this  afternoon?  TODD
26) 27) text: Nothing Mr. Keating has to say means  shit to you, does it, Todd?  TODD
26) 29) text: You're in the club! Being in the club  means being stirred up by things. You  look about as stirred up as a cesspool.  Neil gets up from the window and stands over Todd. TODD
26) 31) text: No! I want you in, but being in means  you gotta do something. Not just say  you're in.  TODD
26) 33) text: Don't you think you could be?  TODD
26) 35) text: No.  TODD
26) 37) text: No.  Neil grabs Todd's notebook of poetry and runs across the it. Todd leaps up after him. TODD
26) 38) text: Give me-- Neil. Neil, give that back.  The two begin racing in circles around the room, jumping bed to bed as Todd tries to grab his poem back. NEIL
31) 7) text: Congratulations. Good for you, Neil.  Good for you.  Neil enters his room with Todd and sits down at his typew NEIL
31) 8) text: Okay, okay, okay, okay.  TODD
31) 10) text: They need a letter of permission from my  father and Mr. Nolan.  TODD
31) 12) text: Oh yes, I am.  TODD
33) 0) text: Todd is pacing circles about his room as he reads his poe pacing slows and then he tears the poem up.
34) 9) text: Congratulations, Mr. Hopkins. Yours is  the first poem to ever have a negative  score on the Pritchard scale. We're not  laughing at you, we're laughing near  you. I don't mind that your poem had a  simple theme. Sometimes the most  beautiful poetry can be about simple  things, like a cat, or a flower or rain.  You see, poetry can come from anything  with the stuff of revelation in it. Just  don't let your poems be ordinary. Now,  who's next?  Keating approaches Todd's desk. KEATING
34) 10) text: Mr. Anderson, I see you sitting there in  agony. Come on, Todd, step up. Let's put  you out of your misery.  TODD
34) 12) text: Mr. Anderson thinks that everything  inside of him is worthless and  embarrassing. Isn't that right, Todd?  Isn't that your worst fear? Well, I  think you're wrong. I think you have  something inside of you that is worth a  great deal. Keating walks up to the blackboard and begins to write. KEATING
34) 13) text: "I sound my barbaric yawp over the  rooftops of the world." W. W. Uncle Walt  again. Now, for those of you who don't  know, a yawp is a loud cry or yell. Now,  Todd, I would like you to give us a  demonstration of a barbaric "yawp." Come  on. You can't yawp sitting down. Let's  go. Come on. Up. Todd reluctantly stands and follows Keating to the front. KEATING
34) 14) text: You gotta get in "yawping" stance.  TODD
34) 16) text: No, not just a yawp. A barbaric yawp.  TODD (quietly)
34) 18) text: Come on, louder.  TODD (quietly)
34) 20) text: No, that's a mouse. Come on. Louder.  TODD
34) 22) text: Oh, good God, boy. Yell like a man!  TODD (shouting)
34) 24) text: There it is. You see, you have a  barbarian in you, after all. Todd goes to return to his seat but Keating stops him. KEATING
34) 25) text: Now, you don't get away that easy. Keating turns Todd around and points out a picture on the KEATING
34) 26) text: The picture of Uncle Walt up there. What  does he remind you of? Don't think.  Answer. Go on. Keating begins to circle around Todd. TODD
34) 28) text: What kind of madman? Don't think about  it. Just answer again.  TODD
34) 30) text: No, you can do better than that. Free up  your mind. Use your imagination. Say the  first thing that pops into your head,  even if it's total gibberish. Go on, go  on.  TODD
34) 32) text: Good God, boy, there's a poet in you,  after all. There, close your eyes. Close  your eyes. Close 'em. Now, describe what  you see.  Keating puts his hands over Todd's eyes and they begin to spin around. TODD
34) 34) text: Yes?  TODD
34) 36) text: A sweaty-toothed madman?  TODD
34) 38) text: Oh, that's excellent. Now, give him  action. Make him do something.  TODD
34) 40) text: That's it. Wonderful. Wonderful. Keating removes his hands from Todd but Todd keeps his ey closed. TODD
34) 42) text: What's he mumbling?  TODD
34) 43) text: M-Mumbling, "Truth. Truth is like, like  a blanket that always leaves your feet  cold."  The students begin to laugh and Todd opens his eyes. Keat quickly gestures for him to close them again. KEATING
34) 44) text: Forget them, forget them. Stay with the  blanket. Tell me about that blanket.  TODD
34) 45) text: Y-Y-Y-You push it, stretch it, it'll  never be enough. You kick at it, beat  it, it'll never cover any of us. From  the moment we enter crying to the moment  we leave dying, it will just cover your  face as you wail and cry and scream.  Todd opens his eyes. The class is silent. Then they begin and cheer. KEATING (whispering to Todd)
39) 1) text: Todd? Hey.  TODD
39) 3) text: What's going on? TODD
39) 5) text: Is today your birthday? Happy birthday.  TODD
39) 7) text: What's you get?  TODD
39) 8) text: My parents gave me this.  Neil looks down at a deskset sitting next to Todd, still its wrappings. NEIL
39) 9) text: Isn't this the same desk set-  TODD
39) 11) text: Oh.  TODD
39) 13) text: Maybe they thought you needed another  one.  TODD
39) 15) text: Todd, I think you're underestimating the  value of this desk set. Neil picks up the desk set and begins examining it more c NEIL
39) 16) text: I mean, who would want a football or a baseball, or- TODD
39) 18) text: Or a car if they could have a desk set  as wonderful as this one? I mean, if, if  I were ever going to buy a, a desk set  twice, I would probably buy this one  both times. In fact, its, its shape is,  it's rather aerodynamic, isn't it? I can  feel it. This desk set wants to fly. Neil tosses the desk set lightly in the air. Todd stands and Neil hands him the desk set. NEIL
39) 19) text: Todd? The world's first unmanned flying  desk set. Todd flings the desk set over the side of the walkway and falls to pieces down below. TODD
61) 3) text: Excuse me, just a moment. Yes. You're so  cute. Cameron runs a comb through his hair and Todd tries to me CAMERON
61) 4) text: Come on, Todd. I'm trying to fix  this.  TODD
61) 9) text: So, Charlie, what's this "getting red"  bit? Charlie opens his unbuttoned shirt to show a large red li painted down his chest. TODD
61) 11) text: It's an Indian warrior symbol for  virility. Makes me feel potent, like it  can drive girls crazy. Charlie buttons up his shirt as everyone prepares to leav TODD
68) 3) text: I can't, guys.  TODD
68) 9) text: Is it okay if we walk back? Captain? Charlie motions Todd to follow. CHARLIE
75) 0) text: Todd is sleeping. Charlie reaches across to wake him. Tea running down his face. CHARLIE
75) 1) text: Todd? Todd. Todd, still half asleep, tries to shrug him off. TODD
75) 2) text: Oh, Charlie. Todd opens his eyes and sees Charlie's face TODD
75) 3) text: What is it? Todd looks over to see Pitts, Meeks, and Knox by the door CHARLIE
76) 0) text: It is a snowy, overcast morning. Todd walks through the s has his coat on over his pyjamas. The other boys follow c behind him as he walks down towards the water. He stops a out at the snow-covered surroundings. TODD
76) 1) text: It's so beautiful. Todd begins to gag and then goes down on his knees, vomit the snow. The other boys huddle around him, hugging him. CHARLIE
76) 2) text: Todd. It's okay, Todd.  PITTS
76) 4) text: It's all right, Todd.  PITTS
76) 5) text: Todd, it's okay. It's okay, Todd.  CHARLIE
76) 6) text: It's all right. It's alright. Charlie grabs a handful of snow and wipes Todd's mouth wi TODD
76) 8) text: You can't explain it, Todd.  TODD
76) 10) text: No!  TODD
76) 12) text: Todd.  TODD
76) 14) text: You can't explain it, Todd. Todd pushes himself away from the boys and stumbles down slipping and falling in the snow. MEEKS
76) 15) text: Todd!  CHARLIE
76) 16) text: Leave him be. The boys watch as Todd runs down towards the dock by the yelling and crying. He finally seems to regain control of and walks in silence out onto the dock.
79) 23) text: Well, who else do you think, dumb ass?  The administration? Mr. Perry? Mr.  Keating put us up to all this crap,  didn't he? If he wasn't for Mr. Keating,  Neil would be cozied up in his room  right now, studying his chemistry and  dreaming of being called doctor.  TODD
80) 0) text: Todd looks out the window and watches as Hager escorts Me to the dorm. Inside the room, Neil's bed has been strippe its bedding.
81) 1) text: Knox Overstreet. Knox emerges from his room and goes to joing Hager. He gi up to Todd as he passes his door. Once he leaves with Hag over to Meeks' door. TODD
81) 3) text: Go away. I have to study.  TODD
81) 5) text: Expelled.  TODD
81) 8) text: Todd Anderson.
82) 0) text: Todd is lead up the steps to Mr. Nolan's office by Hager.
83) 0) text: Todd enters the room to see his mother and father seated Mr. Nolan's desk. MR. ANDERSON
83) 2) text: Hello, darling.  TODD
83) 3) text: Mom. THe door closes behind Todd. He remains standing, not kno what to do. MR. NOLAN
83) 4) text: Have a seat, Mr. Anderson. Todd sits down next to his parents. MR. NOLAN
83) 5) text: Mr. Anderson, I think we've pretty well  put together what's happened here. You  do admit to being a part of this Dead  Poets Society? Todd says nothing. MR. ANDERSON
83) 6) text: Answer him, Todd.  TODD
83) 8) text: I have here a detailed description of  what occurred at your meetings. It  describes how your teacher, Mr. Keating,  encouraged you boys to organize this  club and to use it as a source of  inspiration for reckless and self- indulgent behavior. It describes how Mr.  Keating, both in and out of the  classroom, encouraged Neil Perry to  follow his obsession with acting when he  knew all along it was against the  explicit order of Neil's parents. It was  Mr. Keating's blatant abuse of his  position as teacher that led directly to  Neil Perry's death.  Mr. Nolan motions to Todd's father, who passes along a sh paper to Todd. MR. NOLAN
83) 9) text: Read that document carefully, Todd. Very  carefully. Todd looks at the paper, which already contains the signa the other four boys. MR. NOLAN
83) 10) text: If you've nothing to add or amend, sign  it.  TODD
83) 12) text: I've had enough. Sign the paper, Todd. Mr. Nolan holds out a pen for Todd to take.
86) 3) text: Mr. Anderson? TODD
86) 5) text: I can't hear you, Mr. Anderson.  TODD
86) 15) text: Gentlemen, turn to page 21 of the  introduction. Mr. Cameron, read aloud  the excellent essay by Dr. Pritchard on  "Understanding Poetry." Todd slowly closes his book. Keating opens the door to th room off the classroom. CAMERON
86) 22) text: Read! As Cameron begins to read, Keating looks out at Todd as h his scarf on. Todd looks at him for a moment and then gla CAMERON
86) 24) text: "... How important is that objective?  Question 1 rates the poem's perfection;  question 2 rates its importance. And  once these questions have been answered,  determining the poem's greatness becomes  a relatively simple matter. If the  poem's score for perfection is plotted  on the horizontal of a graph--" Keating passes by Todd and the others and gets to the bac classroom before Todd leaps up from his seat and turns to TODD
86) 25) text: Mr. Keating! They made everybody sign  it.  Mr. Nolan gets up from his desk and approaches Todd. MR. NOLAN
86) 26) text: Quiet, Mr. Anderson.  TODD
86) 28) text: I do believe you, Todd.  MR. NOLAN
86) 29) text: Leave, Mr. Keating.  TODD
86) 31) text: Sit down, Mr. Anderson! Todd reluctantly returns to his seat. MR. NOLAN
86) 33) text: I said leave, Mr. Keating. Keating slowly turns and heads to the door. As he opens it, Todd, stands upon his desk and turns to Keating. TODD
86) 35) text: Sit down, Mr. Anderson! Keating pauses at the door and looks back at Todd on his MR. NOLAN