29) 0) text: More cops gather, surrounded by skeletons of primates... monkeys, gorillas.  It's an odd sight.  They all look up as in walks the imposing figure of...  SPECIAL AGENT PENDERGAST.  He turns to a young eager beav BAILEY, flashes his badge.  Bailey straightens to attenti
30) 0) text: Pendergast follows Bailey as they descend the rickety old staircase that goes into the bowels of the museum.  The h is narrowand lit by an occasional bare bulb.  The stairwa maze-like set of rooms in the basement.  Everything aroun STREAKED and SPATTERED in BLOOD.  There are trails of it the walls, the overhead light. Several COPS stand guard as DETECTIVE VINCE D'AGOSTA goes area.  He is a round, balding, man with an unmistakable a authority.  A modern knight in shining armor in disguise. disguise.  He has on a cheap polyester short sleeved shir is plainly visible underneath.  On his worn plastic belt
33) 17) text: BAILEY enters, interrupts.
33) 18) dialog: Uh, Vince.  Sorry.  This won't wait.
33) 20) dialog: There are a couple of kids who were lost yesterday near the site of the murder.  Claimed they saw a monster. They're pretty determined to tell you their story.  You want to see them?
51) 2) dialog: Should be there any minute.  They came out a side door a while ago. Said the exhibit's clear.  McNitt's headed back to spell you.
51) 4) dialog: I know.  You can go home if you want to.  I'll come relieve you myself.
52) 2) dialog: He called a minute ago looking for you.  He starts vacation tomorrow and he wanted out.  I said you were on the way.  He could split.
52) 4) dialog: Any sign of a green-eyed monster?
85) 10) text: At this there's a low rumble from above.  D'Agosta looks LARGE METAL DOOR IS DESCENDING from a slot in the ceiling an orderly fashion.  It's falling fast.  Below are crowds pushing to get out!  Officer Bailey, near the door, sees
85) 11) dialog: Above you!  Look out!
85) 12) text: His voice is lost in an ocean of screaming.  Kawakita sta horror a moment, then joins Bailey and D'Agosta. All of them try to restrain people from trying to beat th Ippolito, on the other hand, elbows his way to the front fleeing crowd!
96) 0) text: Tables are overturned, food lies on the ground, people co darkness.  D'Agosta crouches in some broken glass with hi talkie.  He shuts it off, rises, looks around.  Light com sputtering candles. Most of the guests still trapped inside are grouped aroun steel door.  Among them are KAWAKITA and CUTHBERT.  From man crushed underneath the door extends a large puddle of Bailey is working in desperation on a brass panel by the
96) 1) dialog: Manual overrides aren't working.  I'm getting nothing, Lieutenant.
96) 26) dialog: I'm in.
96) 39) text: Bailey and D'Agosta carry shot guns.  They quietly move t stairwell at the far end of the Hall of the Heavens.  Eve bunches together and watches.
96) 41) text: Jonathan gives Hobbes' leash to the Mayor.  D'Agosta hand Kawakita a shotgun, tightens his grip on his own.  Then h signal and Bailey yanks open the door to the stairwell.
97) 0) text: D'Agosta and Bailey go in slowly.  Jonathan stays in the sweeping the stairwell with his flashlight.  Kawakita gin his shotgun.  He's scared out of his mind.  He turns to J whispers.
97) 3) text: D'Agosta heads down the stairs in the lead, with Bailey c The stairwell is windowless and dark.  D'Agosta shines hi cuts into the blackness.  He moves quietly, makes the fir stops.  Bailey watches his back from several steps behind signals for him to wait.  The flashlight flares into a gl flight down.  D'Agosta raises his hand.
97) 5) text: Everyone stops.  Bailey pumps his shotgun.  So does Jonat fumbles to do like the others.  They wait.  D'Agosta move several more steps.  The silence is heavy.  Suddenly D'Ag his nose.
97) 10) text: Bailey SCREAMS in terror as Mbwun pins him down!
97) 11) dialog: NOOOOO!
97) 12) text: CLOSE ON BAILEY... Three claws close on his neck and WREN There's a horrifying snap as Bailey's HEAD COMES OFF!  Bl over and drips down the stairs. D'AGOSTA levels his shotgun at the monster and fires, wit effect.  When the shots stop echoing we hear SCREAMS and BARKING from the hall. MBWUN'S GREEN EYES look up and it's FORKED TONGUE LICKS O monster LEAPS PAST Bailey's body and heads for the door! seeing what's happening, screams at the top of his lungs.
99) 0) text: Dark and close.  The smell of gunpowder and death.  The M sees Bailey's body and clutches her mouth so as not to th