72) 0) text: Resounding with the echoes of several hundred expensive s the marble expanse and heading down the rows of palm tree the Hall of Heavens.  The palms themselves are festooned and violet lights.  Somewhere inside, an invisible band i York, New York".  An army of waiters in white tie thread through the guests carrying large silver platters crowded champagne glasses.  Cuthbert enters and crosses to meet T THE MAYOR'S WIFE.  Photographers step forward and flashbu
77) 0) text: The crowd is now packed into the rotunda as the MAYOR cut ribbon across the entrance to the exhibit and everyone ap Cuthbert is by the mayor's side.  He steps forward and ra for quiet.  The crowd falls silent.
77) 2) text: The Mayor takes a bow.  More applause.
77) 4) text: Everyone laughs, applauds again as Cuthbert and the Mayor inside.  Kawakita is making his way over to D'Agosta.  Th entrance is incredible.
80) 0) text: We see various cuts of people as they move into the diffe TEENAGE GIRL (LAUREN) and her FATHER (DAVID) examine a li rotting European style coffin, complete with corpse.  A w gentleman (DR. POUND), leans on his cane as he looks at a primitive medicine practiced with implements that look li tools. Cuthbert and Ippolito are at the head of a press of peopl MAYOR and HIS WIFE a guided tour.
80) 2) dialog: I could use one of these things in City Hall.
80) 3) text: Cuthbert laughs right on cue.  They pass a Congo power fi bulging eye sockets and torso riddled with sharp nails. recoil from it, looking repulsed.  The MAYOR's WIFE sees distressed.
80) 6) text: They pass a MUMMY dripping in BLOOD.  The Mayor gestures
80) 7) dialog: I don't know.  That could be a little over the top.  It's not even scientific.  Mummies don't bleed.
80) 8) text: Cuthbert's smile fades as he sees the mummy. CLOSE ON... the MAYOR'S WHITE CUFF as he extends his hand the mummy.  The pristine white of his cuff is suddenly co falling RED DROP OF BLOOD. Cuthbert sees it.  So does the Mayor and Ippolito.  They another DROP OF BLOOD falls right on Cuthbert's face.  An droplet falls on THE MAYOR'S WIFE'S white bosom, exposed cut dress!
96) 8) text: The MAYOR stands.  His wife's forehead is bleeding.
96) 9) dialog: Yes.  My wife.
96) 37) text: The remaining crowd begins to whimper.  The Mayor rises.
96) 38) dialog: Everyone quiet.  The Lieutenant's in charge.
96) 41) text: Jonathan gives Hobbes' leash to the Mayor.  D'Agosta hand Kawakita a shotgun, tightens his grip on his own.  Then h signal and Bailey yanks open the door to the stairwell.
98) 5) dialog: (quiet) Lieutenant.  In the south corner.
98) 6) text: D'Agosta sweeps his light to the Mayor who stands rigid i the others, points to his left.  The light moves to the f room where THE DARK SHAPE OF MBWUN crouches over the body It's lunging up and down with odd, jerking motions.  The past making a sound.  From the monster comes a faint crun slobbering.  Jonathan rises, comes to D'Agosta.  So does stand shoulder to shoulder, raise their guns.  D'Agosta m Kawakita.
98) 12) text: Jonathan moves.  D'Agosta sweeps his light across the roo the shape is gone.  Cuthbert hides behind the Mayor, call terrified squeal.
98) 16) text: Jonathan, the Mayor, Cuthbert and Kawakita together herd towards the stairwell.  They move inside.
99) 5) dialog: I think we should stick together!
99) 12) text: Jonathan grabs Hobbes' leash from the Mayor and bounds up
99) 13) dialog: Good luck!
102) 2) text: D'Agosta passes the walkie talkie to the Mayor.
102) 3) dialog: Mayor Jordan here.
102) 5) dialog: Don't tell me what to do you chicken shit bastard.  I saw you cut and run! Lieutenant D'Agosta stayed with us. He is in charge.  There is a monster. I saw it.  Cut through those doors and get us out of here, now!
102) 6) text: The Mayor shuts off the walkie talkie and they round anot and disappear from sight.
105) 0) text: A huge room several stories high.  A WHALE hangs suspende ceiling.  Dioramas of fish line all the walls.  Mbwun pau diorama of the gentle, vegetarian sea cow, THE MANATEE. startling contrast. A pause and then the voices are heard again, much louder source is right around the edge of the Manatee display. FORWARD, claws lashing out.  He turns the corner and cras wall of GLASS as he grabs at the source of the voices...  A display of small, extraordinarily life-like TALKING HOL They've been re-activated with the emergency power system talking figure is no more then five inches high.  They mo small three dimensional display of marine animals, explai systems of fish. MBWUN... stands in the pile of broken glass, stares at th mesmerized.  He makes a noise that sounds astonishingly l Then he reaches out one long claw and tries unsuccessfull one of the holograms.  But the shadowy creatures can't be beast seems to realize this, SNORTS and moves off.  As he passes behind a LARGE GLASS ELEVATOR.  It stands in middle the open room. is designed to carry people upstairs and down in the two exhibit.  In the dim light, with his poor vision, the mon see D'Agosta, the Mayor, Kawakita, and their entire group INSIDE.  The monster exits the exhibit and quietly D'Agos doors open.  Everyone, all thirty-five people in evening quickly get out and run across the exhibit to another sta far side of the hall.
111) 0) text: D'Agosta and his group enter the large domed space in dis They're spread out and panicked, the young helping the ol is finding it hard to keep up.  Frank and his daughter La along.  The Mayor quietly urges people forward.  His wife streaked with tears.  Kawakita runs with D'Agosta.
116) 0) text: Greg, the Mayor, D'Agosta and the others are in a hallway at least a dozen vases.  A GREEK VASE has been shoved asi the outlines of a door.  Behind is a sloping dark corrido the thirty-five people pack in.  Greg and D'Agosta cover
119) 15) text: D'Agosta starts for Frank but the Mayor catches his arm a
119) 16) dialog: It's too late!
119) 19) text: D'Agosta turns his flashlight on the water.  It's running to the Mayor, points down the tunnel.
119) 21) text: People start to cry and whimper as the Mayor urges them o charge of Lauren.  Only Greg Kawakita stays with D'Agosta shoulder to shoulder and completely alone.  Thrashing in be heard as the beast comes closer.  There's a low, pleas Both men lift their guns.
119) 30) dialog: Which way!
126) 0) text: The Mayor follows behind with the group as Kawakita and D the way.  The pipe is dry and rusted.  They move forward In twenty feet the pipe ends abruptly in darkness.  D'Ago first.
127) 5) dialog: (interrupts) Look.  There's a ladder at the end.  I think it goes up to the street!
135) 0) text: There are cops and journalists, ambulances, and medivacs place.  Greg Kawakita, wet and bedraggled as a rat, runs Columbus Ave.  Behind him the Mayor and D'Agosta help the company to the ambulances. Waters is on the steps of the museum, helping to organize efforts as Kawakita runs up to Pendergast.