11) 0) text: As Margo arrives, the camera moves up and over the buildi rest on the imposing turrets, intersecting roof lines, an arches of the MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY.  This is not an building; it's a 19th century monument to science and man structure fills an entire city block. Happy visitors pour into the museum as Margo takes the im stone steps two at a time.  We hear SCREAMS of pleasure a the normal raucous noises of a large group of THIRD GRADE Margo is amused to find herself surrounded by kids.  Thei MRS. BEASLEY, a stern woman in glasses with a thick New Y calls after them as they all head inside.
11) 1) dialog: Don't run, children!  Stay with your partner and do not run!  If anyone runs they will be sent back to the bus!
11) 2) text: Ignoring Mrs. Beasley, TWO BOYS charge past Margo.  HENRY Henry has a buzz cut; Larry has rasta dread knots.  Both old, wear high top sneakers and shorts so big they graze
11) 3) dialog: Henry!  Larry!  What did I just say! You walk right this minute!  Did you hear me?!
12) 12) text: Mrs. Beasley heads into the museum and Larry and Henry me rest of the kids.  Margo turns towards the stairwell, pas IAN CUTHBERT... Museum Director... a pudgy man in wire ri dresses and thinks like a banker.  Hired for his amazing raise money, Cuthbert is one of a new generation of Museu whose focus must always be on the bottom line.
28) 0) text: Several cops go by with tracking dogs.  Margo looks back increasingly uneasy, almost bumps into...  HENRY AND LARRY.  Surprisingly, they are alive and well a MRS. BEASLEY outside an office.  Margo exchanges a look w remembering them from yesterday.  A tentative smile start and Larry don't return it.  Serious and chastened, they d eyes.  Margo continues on. TWO COPS stand outside the door to the rest room, their b to Margo as she approaches.
34) 0) text: A modern classroom that has been taken over by the police purpose of interrogation.  Seated on small chairs at a pl are...  HENRY and LARRY, looking like two little boys with a stor desperate to share.  Standing behind them is MRS. BEASLEY than ever.  D'Agosta takes a chair across from the boys, level.  By this time of day he looks pretty rumpled and t Pendergast stands upright and unruffled in a doorway behi isn't hard duty for D'Agosta.  He's surprisingly genial a with kids.  Larry kicks his sneaker against the table leg excitement.  Henry tugs his t-shirt.