16) 0) text: A small are reserved for inmates of the Mile, fenced-off the main prison yard. Arlen Bitterbuck walks the perimete under the watchful eyes of guard BILL DODGE. We find Paul sitting by himself on the bleachers with Coffey's file on his knees, thoughtfully unwrapping his b bagged sandwich. PUSH SLOWLY IN as he begins to read...
25) 0) text: A low, static shot. Green floor stretching before us. Har and Bill Dodge are at the desk b.g., doing paperwork and filing chores. Percy is idling nearby, whistling softly a combing his hair... ...and into this quiet shot, deep in foreground, creeps t mouse. He starts walking the Mile as before... ...right toward Percy.
25) 8) text: Harry and Bill glance up from their work.
25) 10) dialog: That's a goddamn mouse.
25) 12) dialog: My ass. Give him some room, Percy, see what he does.
25) 16) dialog: Here, lemme try.
25) 17) text: Bill drops a piece of cracker. The mouse ignores it completely, keeping its beady little eyes on Harry. (Perc hand starts easing his baton from its holster.)
25) 18) dialog: Maybe he's full.
25) 20) text: Harry drops another piece--and sure enough, the mouse sta to eat. Harry's smile fades. He and Bill trade a look.
27) 2) text: Bitterbuck steps from his cell. Bill Dodge escorts him of the block. The moment they're gone:
39) 0) text: We see a tattoo: "Billy the Kid." TILT UP to WILLIAM WHAR staring out the window, wearing a hospital gown, his face utterly blank. He looks heavily medicated. Harry, Dean, and Percy enter. Billy doesn't react, just k staring out. Harry waves his fingers in Billy's face.
39) 4) text: Billy turns with a vacant look, takes the clothes. He fum with the shirt, drops the pants. Harry and Dean sigh. They strip Billy's hospital gown off and proceed to put t shirt on him, guiding his limp arms through the sleeves.
39) 6) text: Billy looks up, meets Percy's eyes.
39) 11) text: Laughing, Percy picks up the pants. They proceed to help Billy into them one leg at a time...
43) 10) text: --and he drops his wrist-chain down over Dean's head, jer it tight, begins to strangle him. Dean lurches forward, B riding/propelling him through the door onto the Mile. Percy stands frozen in the doorway, stunned. Harry shoves aside and jumps on Billy from behind, trying to get him o Dean. Dean is choking, turning purple. Paul rushes from the cell to join the fray. Billy whirls, delivering a stunning kick to Paul's groin. Paul's bladde pain goes nuclear--he falls back in agony, clutching hims and sucking air through his teeth, unable even to scream. Billy rams an elbow into Harry's face, knocks him sprawli on the desk, screaming and laughing and howling all the w
43) 12) text: Paul forces himself to his feet, pulls his revolver, draw down on Billy...
43) 14) text: ...but Billy jerks Dean around, using him as a shield...
43) 19) text: ...and suddenly a hand comes in, grabs the hickory stick of Percy's grasp, raises it high-- --it's Brutal coming through the door. He swings the bato and lands an awesome blow to Billy's head--THUMP! The for of it spins Billy off his feet and slams him flat on his Dean crawls away, gulping ragged breaths of air. Amazingl Billy's still conscious--he looks up at Brutal and laughs
43) 27) text: Harry shakes his head miserably. Paul grabs Billy by the
43) 29) text: Percy finally unfreezes. The three of them hoist Billy up a dead-lift, get him in his cell, toss him on the cot. Th step out, slam the door, lock it. Paul looks to Harry and Brutal.
52) 32) text: Paul's temper flares--he steps to Billy's cell.
52) 34) text: Beat. Billy spits in Paul's face and follows it up with a grin--what are you gonna do about that? Paul is seething he wipes the spit off, but keeps his temper where it belo
52) 36) text: Paul walks away. Billy laughs, hollering after him:
53) 0) text: Harry is walking the Mile, doing a cell check and jotting a clipboard. He pauses, making a notation... ...and a long stream of piss hits his leg. Billy's at his bars, peeing on him. Harry jumps back, stunned. Billy how with laughter, hosing his aim wildly from side to side.
53) 11) text: Brutal unlocks the cell--and sidesteps, revealing Harry pointing a fire hose. The hose erupts, driving Billy acro the cell with bone-jarring force. They batter him half- senseless, then cut the water. Billy collapses in a heap. Paul and Brutal drag him semi-conscious from his cell and the straitjacket on him. He comes around as they draw the straps tight and pull him to his feet.
53) 15) text: Billy lets out a scream of rage and throws himself at Bru Brutal, bored, shoves him back toward Paul, who then prop him down the Mile toward the open restraint room door. Bi sees where they intend to put him, resorts to pleading:
53) 21) text: Brutal helps Paul toss Billy headlong into the padded roo They slam the door...
54) 0) text: Paul and Brutal unlock the restraint room. Billy looks up from the corner, pale and drained. Softly:
55) 0) text: Billy's back in his cell, quiet for a change. Toot-Toot i outside the bars, mopping the floor. Billy notices a chocolate Moon Pie in Toot's shirt pocket.
55) 2) text: Toot looks around. Nobody's watching, and a nickel's a nickel. He steps to Billy's bars, swaps the Moon Pie for money. Toot hurries away. Billy unwraps the Moon Pie, makes sure he's not being watched...and crams the entire thing into mouth...
57) 0) text: A HALF DOZEN GUARDS are waiting. We find Bill Dodge fixin the tie of a fat good ol' boy named EARL.
57) 2) dialog: You're a V.I.P. today, Earl, so just shut up.
59) 0) text: ...and they're still chatting a short time later, waiting Del's return. Percy actually looks happy for a change, feeling genuinely accepted for the first time... Billy is watching from his cell. Just watching. The door opens. Del returns with Mr. Jingles on his shoul escorted by Brutal. Brutal is toting the cigar box and sp like a magician's assistant carrying the boss' props.
59) 6) text: ...and moves him toward his cell. Percy is actually moved apologize--he starts after them with a half-laugh, drifti much too close to Wild Bill's side of the Mile...
59) 8) text: ...and Wild Bill's arms thrust out, grabbing Percy and slamming him back against the bars with an arm around his throat. Percy squeals like a pig in a slaughter-chute, thinking he's gonna die. The guards scramble, drawing the clubs--as Billy strokes Percy's hair and whispers in his
59) 10) text: Billy kisses Percy's ear--and his hand drops down to sque Percy's crotch. Paul pulls his sidearm, taking aim...
59) 12) text: ...and Billy lets go, stepping back with his hands raised laughing. Percy darts across the Mile in terror and cring against the cell opposite, breathing so loud and fast it almost sounds like sobbing.
63) 0) text: Paul returns to find Wild Bill making up a song in his ce
63) 3) text: Billy falls silent. Paul continues down the Mile to Coffe cell. Coffey's on his bunk, face streaked with tears. He wipes his eyes with the heels of his hands like an exhaus child.
73) 4) text: They begin popping the caps off, swigging cola. The sound it brings Billy to his bars.
73) 17) text: Paul lets him take the cup. Billy knocks it back, drainin in three huge swallows. He lets out an awesome belch.
73) 20) text: Billy's smile fades. He hands the cup through the bars. P takes it, turns and heads back to--
75) 18) text: A skinny white arm suddenly shoots out from Wild Bill's c and grabs Coffey by the wrist. The men gasp, shocked to s Billy on his feet, grinning and weaving like a punch-drun Coffey's reaction is beyond simple surprise; he's actuall trembling at Billy's touch as if some electrical circuit engaged. His eyes are wide and horrified, as if he'd just his hand in a basket full of snakes. He tries to pull awa but Billy has him tight, that mysterious circuit blazing.
75) 23) text: Paul plucks Billy's hand off Coffey's arm--and Coffey flinches back as the circuit is broken.
84) 40) text: Percy says nothing. He turns and walks slowly up the Mile his movements vacant and disjointed. He comes to a swayin stop at Wild Bill's cell...and turns slowly to look in. Wild Bill is coming painfully around, groggily clutching head. He looks up, see Percy.
84) 42) text: Nothing for the longest moment. Percy just staring... ...and then he pulls his gun and empties it into Wild Bil fast as he can pull the trigger. BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM! Bill takes all six rounds in the chest, reeling back acro the cell. He hits the wall and slides down, leaving a sme his face registering a final look of stunned surprise. Paul and the other tackle Percy and bring him down, wrest the gun out of his hand. Dean is almost weeping:
84) 57) text: ...and Paul sees: The Detterick twins. Kathe and Cora. Laughing and playing hopscotch in the dust under a later afternoon sun... A dinner table. Family having supper late in the day, bas of biscuits being passed. Twelve year old Howie Detterick taking it, passing it on... An hand with a paint brush slopping bright red paint on t side of a barn... Kathe skipping to the head of the hopscotch squares, turn and starting back, laughing in the sun... The paint brush slopping more paint, dripping like blood. Paul jerks and twists, trying to pull away, trying to bre the circuit, but he can't, not till all is seen and done: Marjorie Detterick calling from the porch for everybody t come eat, supper's ready... A hammer pausing. Klaus looking down from atop the barn.. The Detterick twins finishing their hopscotch, gathering their jump ropes from the dust, running across the yard.. The basket of biscuits being passed to little Cora, who t a biscuit and passes it on... Klaus coming down the ladder, calling to his daughters. T little girls running past the man with the paint brush, w turns and smile as they go by...it's Wild Bill. The basket of biscuits is passed one last time. A hand pu one out, raises it for a bite. It's Wild Bill, smiling at little girls as conversation flows around the table... Paul screams, trying to pull away, but: The porch door is kicked off its hinges just before dawn, figure looming in the doorway. Kathe wakes, her scream cu short as the man's fist punches her hard in the face... Paul trembles violently as if riding the lightning himsel pleading for it to stop, but there's one last thing: Wild Bill looms over the terrified little girls like a horrendous boogeyman, whispers to Kathe:
86) 0) text: TRACKING A PAIR OF FEET shuffling into the room in hospit slippers, escorted by TWO ORDERLIES. The patient is broug to a window. The orderlies turn to leave... ...and we BOOM UP to reveal Percy, catatonic, staring out same window where we met Wild Bill...