15) 0) text: BRUTUS HOWELL(nicknamed "Brutal" for his intimidating siz but he's actually rather thoughtful by nature) stands at entry door of the cellblock, peering out through a viewin slot. He sees the prison truck arrive at the main gate. He turns and nods to fellow guard DEAN STANTON sitting at duty desk, then cross the Green Mile--a wide corridor of faded green linoleum running some sixty paces top to bott with four large cells to a side. Brutal steps to the bathroom, listen a moment, knocks sof
15) 25) text: ...then Coffey enters, ducking low to get through, his sh blotting out Brutal and Dean as his massive frame fills t door. Everything hangs suspended for a moment, a look of "hold shit" written on everybody's faces. Percy keeps yan on the big man's cuffs, leading him along with a cry of:
15) 28) text: Percy falls reproachfully silent. Paul doesn't dignify it just motions for them to come on. The procession comes do the Mile, with Brutal and Dean bringing up rear.
23) 0) text: ...as maintenance is performed on Old Sparky by JACK VAN and a small crew. Paul is carefully sanding a connector p Dean is waxing Old Sparky's wooden arms to a gleam. Paul and Dean pause, thinking they hear a LAUGH drifting from E Block...and then Brutal calls softly to them:
24) 0) text: Paul and Dean enter to find Brutal trying not to wake the cons in their cells by laughing too loudly. They follows gaze down the Mile, see nothing, turn to him like he's cr
24) 2) text: Paul and Dean look again and this time they see it: A tiny brown mouse is coming up the Mile. It trots a shor distance, peers right and left as if checking the snoring inmates in their cells, then makes another forward spurt.
24) 4) text: This gets them all trying not to laugh. The mouse draws e closer. Dean starts to look worried.
24) 5) dialog: It ain't normal for a mouse to come up on people that way. Maybe it's rabid.
24) 7) dialog: (dubious) I don't see its mouth at all.
24) 9) dialog: Aw, Brutal, no! We'll be hip-deep in mice around here...
24) 11) text: Paul shrugs. Brutal drops the scrap. The mouse grabs it a eats, sitting up like a dog doing a trick. The mouse turns and scurries back down the Mile, vanishin under the restraint room door at the far end. Dean throws Paul an "I told you so" look.
24) 12) dialog: He's in the damn restraint room. You know he's gonna be chewing the padding out of walls and making himself a nice little nest.
24) 20) text: Paul unlocks the door, revealing a padded room filled wit storage: cleaning supplies, buckets of paint, mops and ladders, you name it. Brutal shrugs off his jacket. Paul grabs a mop from a steel bucket, hands it to Dean.
24) 22) dialog: Brutal or the mouse?
24) 27) dialog: No I didn't, I was here all the time!
24) 31) dialog: Well, bright side is, all this commotion probably scared him off for good.
29) 6) text: Toot turns, shows the top of his head to Dean.
29) 8) dialog: No, it's dandruffy and it smells.
29) 22) dialog: Oh, he's good. Fast, too. Doesn't get 'em worked up.
29) 30) text: Paul and Dean kneel to apply the ankle clamps. Brutal ste in from the side, pressing down on the condemned man's le arm to keep him in place until the ankle clamps are secur Harry moves in from the other side, securing the right ar clamp.
39) 0) text: We see a tattoo: "Billy the Kid." TILT UP to WILLIAM WHAR staring out the window, wearing a hospital gown, his face utterly blank. He looks heavily medicated. Harry, Dean, and Percy enter. Billy doesn't react, just k staring out. Harry waves his fingers in Billy's face.
39) 2) text: Dean relays some folded prison clothes to Harry.
39) 4) text: Billy turns with a vacant look, takes the clothes. He fum with the shirt, drops the pants. Harry and Dean sigh. They strip Billy's hospital gown off and proceed to put t shirt on him, guiding his limp arms through the sleeves.
39) 10) dialog: C'mon, Percy, give us a hand.
43) 10) text: --and he drops his wrist-chain down over Dean's head, jer it tight, begins to strangle him. Dean lurches forward, B riding/propelling him through the door onto the Mile. Percy stands frozen in the doorway, stunned. Harry shoves aside and jumps on Billy from behind, trying to get him o Dean. Dean is choking, turning purple. Paul rushes from the cell to join the fray. Billy whirls, delivering a stunning kick to Paul's groin. Paul's bladde pain goes nuclear--he falls back in agony, clutching hims and sucking air through his teeth, unable even to scream. Billy rams an elbow into Harry's face, knocks him sprawli on the desk, screaming and laughing and howling all the w
43) 14) text: ...but Billy jerks Dean around, using him as a shield...
43) 16) text: Dean is choking, dying. Paul is shifting his aim, trying a clear shot, not getting one. Percy's still just inside doorway, pressed against the wall with fear...
43) 19) text: ...and suddenly a hand comes in, grabs the hickory stick of Percy's grasp, raises it high-- --it's Brutal coming through the door. He swings the bato and lands an awesome blow to Billy's head--THUMP! The for of it spins Billy off his feet and slams him flat on his Dean crawls away, gulping ragged breaths of air. Amazingl Billy's still conscious--he looks up at Brutal and laughs
43) 21) text: Still laughing, he makes another grab at Dean. Brutal wha him again, turning his lights out for good. Brutal drops Dean's side, helping him hack air back into his lungs:
56) 0) text: Paul and Brutal appear at Del's bars with Harry and Dean.
58) 6) text: Percy smiles. Harry and Dean step up, slapping his back a shaking his hand...
60) 27) text: He turns and strolls up the Mile, leaving Mr. Jingles dyi in a tiny pool of blood. Up at the duty desk, Dean and Ha get up from a cribbage game, stunned and furious. Percy strolls past, exits to the execution chamber. Del i still screaming, all his pent-up terror and grief pouring at the dying mouse. And then comes a soft, urgent voice:
60) 37) text: Harry and Dean join the group. Everybody watching now. Coffey puts his mouth to his cupped hands, inhales sharpl The world hangs suspended for a moment. Coffey raises his face, contorting as if desperately ill, starts making tho horrendous choking sounds in his throat...
60) 39) text: They do. The tail is no longer weak and dying. It's snapp briskly back and forth, as if ready to play. Coffey makes that retching/gagging sound...and again exha a cloud of swirling black "insects" from his nose and mou The men watch, speechless, as the bugs turn white and disappear. Coffey bends down, opens his hand. Mr. Jingles bounds off fingers through the bars, racing past the guards' feet. T turn to see Del gather the mouse up, laughing and crying. Dean turns back to Coffey with a stunned whisper:
60) 40) dialog: What did you do?
61) 69) text: Dean drops to the doctor's bag, digs through it, hands up stethoscope. Paul plugs them into his ears. People are moaning and sobbing at the back of the room:
69) 11) text: This stops everybody cold. Dean puts his chicken down, wi his hands. Looks are traded in the silence.
69) 13) dialog: I could'a gone the rest of the year.
69) 17) dialog: You're talking about an authentic healing. A praise-Jesus miracle.
69) 29) dialog: Damn right. That's prison time if we get caught.
69) 41) dialog: Well, that's a tender notion, but the man's on death row for the crime. Plus, he's huge. If he tried to get away, it'd take a lot of bullets to stop him.
73) 0) text: Harry and Dean are playing cards at the duty desk, tensio thick, cards slapping softly as the seconds tick by. Paul Brutal finally show up toting bottles of RC cola:
73) 2) dialog: Oh, thanks. That's swell.
75) 11) dialog: Coffey got upset, so we put him in the restraint room. They hear any noise, they'll think it's him.
75) 15) text: The cell is unlocked. Coffey emerges. Paul motions them along, still grilling Dean:
75) 17) dialog: You're over in Admin, going over Del's file. Brutal and Harry are in the laundry doing their wash--
84) 0) text: Dean starts babbling with relief as they return:
84) 1) dialog: Am I glad to see you! You were gone so long! Wild Bill's making noises like he's gonna wake up... (notices Coffey) What the hell's wrong with him?
84) 3) text: Dean jumps in, helps them steer Coffey into his cell.
84) 6) dialog: What about Mrs. Moores? Was it like the mouse? Was it a...you know...a miracle?
84) 12) text: Dean hurries off to retrieve Percy's holster and baton. Brutal unlocks the restraint room door, swings it open. P is revealed sitting against the wall, glaring, his mouth still taped. Paul crouches down. Brutal joins him.
84) 32) text: Dean hands them over. Percy smooths his hair and puts his on, starts strapping on his holster belt.
84) 42) text: Nothing for the longest moment. Percy just staring... ...and then he pulls his gun and empties it into Wild Bil fast as he can pull the trigger. BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM! Bill takes all six rounds in the chest, reeling back acro the cell. He hits the wall and slides down, leaving a sme his face registering a final look of stunned surprise. Paul and the other tackle Percy and bring him down, wrest the gun out of his hand. Dean is almost weeping:
84) 43) dialog: Oh God, oh God, no...
85) 1) dialog: ...well, I dunno, he just snapped, I guess...
88) 2) text: ANGLE SHIFTS to include Jan, Brutal, Harry and Dean. They in the brambly patch that borders the woods behind the ho The sun is setting, turning the horizon fiery.
88) 15) dialog: We never reported anything like that. We would've, too, everybody knows it. It's part of our job.
88) 23) text: Dean blinks, stunned by this notion. Gently:
88) 24) dialog: Ma'am, your son's grown up and moved away. My kids are just starting kindergarten. Will you be the one to explain to them why their daddy's in prison?
90) 11) text: Behind them, Dean stifles a sob.
90) 15) text: Paul nods--strength it is. Dean surprises Brutal and Harr also kneeling. Brutal and Harry hesitate...then join them
90) 34) text: She dissolves into tears. Klaus pulls her against his shoulder, looking dazed by the whole thing. Paul and Brutal turn John around, sit him down. Paul noti Dean crying again, his back to the witnesses. They kneel apply the leg clamps, while Brutal and Harry secure the a
90) 36) text: Dean nods, wiping his face with the sleeve of his coat. T rise, stepping back. This time, Paul's out front: