15) 14) text: GUARDS PERCY WETMORE AND HARRY TERWILLIGER OF E BLOCK eme from the back of the truck and step down, turn back... Tighter angle on back of truck We get our first glimpse of the new inmate as a pair of GIGANTIC BLACK FEET step down into the yard...and the rea the truck bounces back up on its springs where it belongs Brutal sees what's coming, eyes widening slightly.
15) 19) text: Brutal tosses him a look--just wait. He swings the door o in a hot flood of daylight, giving us our first good look John coffey is a huge black man, nearly 7 feet tall and 300 pounds, h massive head shiny and bald, his skin a tapestry of old scars, his prison overalls (the biggest size they had) en at mid-calf. He looks dull and confused, as if wondering where he is and how he got there. Percy and Harry lead hi toward E Block in shackles. Percy's got his hickory baton of it custom-made holster, hollering:
15) 31) text: Coffey shakes his head slowly. Paul takes the clipboard transfer papers from Harry, turns and enters the cell. Coffey just stands outside the cell and waits, as if he doesn't understand the concept. Paul motions him to come in. Coffey starts to comply, but Percy raps him smartly w the tip of his hickory baton to get him moving faster. Coffey flinches, enters the cell. Paul stares angrily at Percy, who stands slapping his hickory baton against the of his hand like a man with a toy he's itching to use.
15) 44) text: Coffey nods. Harry enters to remove Coffey's shackles.
15) 48) text: Coffey shakes his head. Harry steps out.
15) 71) dialog: You hear what he was yelling when we brought the big dummy in?
15) 78) dialog: Imbecile or not, he deserves to fry for what he done. Here...
15) 79) text: Harry tosses a pair of manila envelopes bound with rubber bands on the desk before Paul--Coffey's file.
15) 80) dialog: ...make your blood curdle.
25) 8) text: Harry and Bill glance up from their work.
25) 9) dialog: Well, I'll be damned. There he is, big as Billy-be-frigged. I thought Brutal was pulling my leg.
25) 11) dialog: Yeah. Brute said he was in here last night begging for food, came right up to the desk.
25) 14) dialog: Brave little bastard, gotta give him that.
25) 15) text: Harry breaks off a small piece of cracker and drops it. T mouse picks it up, starts to eat. (Percy's hand inches ev closer to his baton).
25) 17) text: Bill drops a piece of cracker. The mouse ignores it completely, keeping its beady little eyes on Harry. (Perc hand starts easing his baton from its holster.)
25) 19) dialog: (grins) Maybe he knows you're just a floater. Gotta be an E Block regular to feed the E Block mouse, don'cha know...
25) 20) text: Harry drops another piece--and sure enough, the mouse sta to eat. Harry's smile fades. He and Bill trade a look.
25) 21) dialog: I was just kidding ab--
25) 28) dialog: Percy met your mouse.
25) 29) text: Harry points. Percy's down at the far end, rummaging wild in the restraint room, tossing shit out onto the Mile.
25) 43) dialog: You also scared the living crap out of me and Bill. And them.
29) 16) dialog: Paul, we're not gonna have some Cherokee medicine man in here whoopin' and hollerin' and shaking his dick, are we?
29) 19) dialog: Do it quietly, you old gink!
29) 20) text: Harry slaps Toot upside the head to shut him up.
29) 30) text: Paul and Dean kneel to apply the ankle clamps. Brutal ste in from the side, pressing down on the condemned man's le arm to keep him in place until the ankle clamps are secur Harry moves in from the other side, securing the right ar clamp.
29) 44) text: Harry takes a black mask and snugs it down over Toot's he leaving only the crown of his head exposed. Brutal takes large sponge, dips it in a steel bucket, mimes soaking it
39) 0) text: We see a tattoo: "Billy the Kid." TILT UP to WILLIAM WHAR staring out the window, wearing a hospital gown, his face utterly blank. He looks heavily medicated. Harry, Dean, and Percy enter. Billy doesn't react, just k staring out. Harry waves his fingers in Billy's face.
39) 1) dialog: Boy's doped to the gills. Dean, hand me them clothes...
39) 2) text: Dean relays some folded prison clothes to Harry.
39) 3) dialog: William Wharton! Hey! I'm talking to you! Put these clothes on!
39) 4) text: Billy turns with a vacant look, takes the clothes. He fum with the shirt, drops the pants. Harry and Dean sigh. They strip Billy's hospital gown off and proceed to put t shirt on him, guiding his limp arms through the sleeves.
43) 10) text: --and he drops his wrist-chain down over Dean's head, jer it tight, begins to strangle him. Dean lurches forward, B riding/propelling him through the door onto the Mile. Percy stands frozen in the doorway, stunned. Harry shoves aside and jumps on Billy from behind, trying to get him o Dean. Dean is choking, turning purple. Paul rushes from the cell to join the fray. Billy whirls, delivering a stunning kick to Paul's groin. Paul's bladde pain goes nuclear--he falls back in agony, clutching hims and sucking air through his teeth, unable even to scream. Billy rams an elbow into Harry's face, knocks him sprawli on the desk, screaming and laughing and howling all the w
43) 24) dialog: We thought he was doped. (to Percy) Didn't we? Didn't we all of us think he was doped?
43) 27) text: Harry shakes his head miserably. Paul grabs Billy by the
43) 29) text: Percy finally unfreezes. The three of them hoist Billy up a dead-lift, get him in his cell, toss him on the cot. Th step out, slam the door, lock it. Paul looks to Harry and Brutal.
53) 0) text: Harry is walking the Mile, doing a cell check and jotting a clipboard. He pauses, making a notation... ...and a long stream of piss hits his leg. Billy's at his bars, peeing on him. Harry jumps back, stunned. Billy how with laughter, hosing his aim wildly from side to side.
53) 2) text: Paul and Brutal come running. Harry's just flabbergasted:
53) 3) dialog: You believe this? Son of a bitch pissed on me!
53) 11) text: Brutal unlocks the cell--and sidesteps, revealing Harry pointing a fire hose. The hose erupts, driving Billy acro the cell with bone-jarring force. They batter him half- senseless, then cut the water. Billy collapses in a heap. Paul and Brutal drag him semi-conscious from his cell and the straitjacket on him. He comes around as they draw the straps tight and pull him to his feet.
53) 17) text: He suddenly drops to the floor, bucking and jerking wildl spewing drool. Harry's eyes go wide.
53) 18) dialog: Holy Christ, he's pitchin' a fit!
56) 0) text: Paul and Brutal appear at Del's bars with Harry and Dean.
56) 4) text: Del swells with pride upon hearing this. He scrounges up Jingles props, steps from his cell, looks to Harry and De
56) 6) dialog: We got other fish to fry just now, Del, but you knock 'em for a loop.
58) 6) text: Percy smiles. Harry and Dean step up, slapping his back a shaking his hand...
60) 37) text: Harry and Dean join the group. Everybody watching now. Coffey puts his mouth to his cupped hands, inhales sharpl The world hangs suspended for a moment. Coffey raises his face, contorting as if desperately ill, starts making tho horrendous choking sounds in his throat...
60) 47) text: Harry nods numbly. Paul leads Brutal up the Mile...
61) 0) text: Del sits with Mr. Jingles in his lap, stroking the mouse between the ears. Paul, Brutal, and Harry appear at the b
61) 34) text: The stricken look in Del's eyes tells us a part of him ha known all along. Paul and Brutal would both like to deck Percy right about now, and he knows it--he gives them a " are you gonna do about it" smile. Nothing they can do. Paul nods to Harry, who takes the bl mask from the back of the chair and rolls it down over De head, leaving the top of his shaved head exposed.
61) 53) text: Harry scoops up the bucket of water to throw it.
61) 55) text: Harry backs off with a look of dazed understanding--you d throw water on a man getting juiced. Right. He drops the bucket, races to get the chemical fire extinguisher inste The flaming mask peels away, revealing Del's charring fac His eyeballs are misshapen globs of burning white jelly b out of their sockets. The ATTENDING DOCTOR faints dead aw Pandemonium now in the room. People shouting and hurrying exit, chairs falling over, women screaming:
61) 62) text: Harry steps up, the extinguisher in his hands. Waiting. D finally slumps over. He still vibrating, but now it's jus the effect of current flowing through his body.
61) 64) text: Van Hay kills the current. The HUMMING DIES. Brutal grabs extinguisher from Harry, shoves it into Percy's hands.
69) 26) dialog: Hold on now. You're talking about our jobs. Sneak a sick woman onto a cellblock?
69) 30) dialog: Let's not discuss this like it's even an option. Brutal, help me out here...
69) 37) dialog: It is. Let's not forget Coffey's a murderer. What if he escapes? I'd hate losing my job or going to prison, but I'd hate having a dead child on my conscience even more.
73) 0) text: Harry and Dean are playing cards at the duty desk, tensio thick, cards slapping softly as the seconds tick by. Paul Brutal finally show up toting bottles of RC cola:
73) 3) dialog: Yeah, hot in here.
73) 8) dialog: (checks a clipboard) Day report says he's been okay.
74) 0) text: Percy looks up from his book as the door opens. Paul ente with Brutal and Harry, ominously hemming the desk.
78) 5) text: Harry goes first, hugging the shadows as he pulls his key unlock the gate...
79) 5) dialog: Just up ahead...
79) 6) text: Harry brings them to a thicket of trees. They start remov branches and boughs, uncovering a battered old FARMALL TR hidden in the brush. The men pause. Even more fireflies are swirling around th growing in number. It's getting downright weird. Coffey laughs softly, drawing their attention. A childlik smile has utterly transformed his face. He raises his han letting a firefly weave playfully in and out of his finge
79) 13) text: The men don't know whether to be enchanted or terrified. Harry gives Paul a look--can we go? Please?
79) 15) text: Coffey clambers up on the stakebed. Paul and Brutal join Harry gets in behind the wheel, jabs the starter button..
80) 17) text: Coffey steps into the glare of headlights with Harry tugg on his arm, trying to hold him back. Hal cocks both hamme
83) 2) dialog: Christ, he goes down, we'll need three mules and a crane to pick him up again...
83) 3) text: They get Coffey to the truck and throw their backs into i helping him crawl up onto the stakebed. He rolls over on back. Harry hops up, covers him with an old blanket. Brut pulls aside, speaking low:
84) 9) dialog: Damn. I think we got away with it.
85) 2) dialog: ...s'right, one minute he's fine, the next--blammo...
88) 2) text: ANGLE SHIFTS to include Jan, Brutal, Harry and Dean. They in the brambly patch that borders the woods behind the ho The sun is setting, turning the horizon fiery.
88) 21) dialog: Ma'am?
88) 26) dialog: Better be a plan an imbecile could dream up. Nobody'd believe it otherwise.
90) 15) text: Paul nods--strength it is. Dean surprises Brutal and Harr also kneeling. Brutal and Harry hesitate...then join them
90) 34) text: She dissolves into tears. Klaus pulls her against his shoulder, looking dazed by the whole thing. Paul and Brutal turn John around, sit him down. Paul noti Dean crying again, his back to the witnesses. They kneel apply the leg clamps, while Brutal and Harry secure the a