0) 0) text: ...where cattails sway in the sepia-toned heat. A small s of fabric is snagged in the nettles, fluttering languidly COLOR BLEEDS SLOWLY IN as mosquitoes swarm and dragonflie skitter, showing the fabric scrap to be pale yellow... Suddenly, a MAN WITH A SHOTGUN comes crashing through the cattails, wiping through frame and exiting... ...then ANOTHER MAN...and ANOTHER...armed with rifles, plowing through the brush, exiting frame... ...and now comes KLAUS DETTERICK, a farmer one step above shirt-tail poor, a double-barrel shotgun in the crook of arm. He pauses, horrified, seeing the scrap of cloth. He pulls it loose, turns back, screaming something in anguis ...and still more men come crashing into view, flooding b with dreamlike, slow-motion grace. ONE MAN is leading a t of DOGS, trying to untangle the leads. DEPUTY ROB McGEE i shouting for everybody to stay together... ...and under it all, we hear a sibilant, frightening whis
17) 0) text: ...and we see Klaus Detterick walk from his house to the with a milking pail, a solitary figure against a brighten horizon. He disappears into the barn... ...and we hold for a long moment, the house silent b.g.,chickens clucking and scratching in the front yard.. ...until a WOMAN'S SCREAM shatters the silence. Klaus reappears, dropping the pail, running toward the house...
18) 0) text: ...and Klaus bursts in to find his wife MARJORIE absolute frantic with terror:
18) 1) dialog: WHAT? GOD SAKES, WHAT?
18) 5) text: --and Klaus freezes there, stunned to see blood spattered the floor and the screen door hanging off its hinges...
18) 6) dialog: Oh my God.
19) 0) text: ...plunging us back into the screaming chaos: Klaus grabb up shotgun shells, Howie loading the .22 rifle he got for Christmas, Marjorie sobbing incoherently...
19) 1) dialog: GODDAMN IT, WOMAN, GET ON THE PHONE NOW! YOU TELL 'EM WE HEADED WEST! MIND WHAT I'M SAYING! WEST, Y'HEAR?
20) 0) text: ---and we see CARS AND TRUCKS pulling up, MEN jumping out with rifles, pouring down the incline toward the field wh Klaus is hollering and waving his arms. Deputy McGee come sliding down from the road, taking charge at the top of h lungs-- McGEE I WANT ALL THE WEAPONS UNLOADED, Y'HEAR? TAKE OUT YOUR SHELLS, I WON'T HAVE A MAN SHOT BY ACCIDENT TODAY! BOBO, WHERE THEM DOGS?
20) 2) text: ...which takes us through the cattails and bulrushes...to spot where Klaus finds the little scrap of pale yellow fabric, turns and screams...
20) 3) dialog: Oh, Lord, this belongs to my Katie...
84) 57) text: ...and Paul sees: The Detterick twins. Kathe and Cora. Laughing and playing hopscotch in the dust under a later afternoon sun... A dinner table. Family having supper late in the day, bas of biscuits being passed. Twelve year old Howie Detterick taking it, passing it on... An hand with a paint brush slopping bright red paint on t side of a barn... Kathe skipping to the head of the hopscotch squares, turn and starting back, laughing in the sun... The paint brush slopping more paint, dripping like blood. Paul jerks and twists, trying to pull away, trying to bre the circuit, but he can't, not till all is seen and done: Marjorie Detterick calling from the porch for everybody t come eat, supper's ready... A hammer pausing. Klaus looking down from atop the barn.. The Detterick twins finishing their hopscotch, gathering their jump ropes from the dust, running across the yard.. The basket of biscuits being passed to little Cora, who t a biscuit and passes it on... Klaus coming down the ladder, calling to his daughters. T little girls running past the man with the paint brush, w turns and smile as they go by...it's Wild Bill. The basket of biscuits is passed one last time. A hand pu one out, raises it for a bite. It's Wild Bill, smiling at little girls as conversation flows around the table... Paul screams, trying to pull away, but: The porch door is kicked off its hinges just before dawn, figure looming in the doorway. Kathe wakes, her scream cu short as the man's fist punches her hard in the face... Paul trembles violently as if riding the lightning himsel pleading for it to stop, but there's one last thing: Wild Bill looms over the terrified little girls like a horrendous boogeyman, whispers to Kathe:
90) 34) text: She dissolves into tears. Klaus pulls her against his shoulder, looking dazed by the whole thing. Paul and Brutal turn John around, sit him down. Paul noti Dean crying again, his back to the witnesses. They kneel apply the leg clamps, while Brutal and Harry secure the a
90) 58) text: Van Hay throws the switch. Coffey surges forward, fingers splayed and jittering past Old Sparky's arms. Lights begin blowing out all over the Mile, raining shatt glass and sparks. Some of the witnesses scream. A thin line of blood comes trickling out of Klaus Detteri nose. He reaches up, absently wipes it away. Coffey's eyes are locked on Paul's, riding the lightning the way. He finally slumps. Van Hay kills the current. Coffey's expression is peaceful, as if sleeping. A final of tears drift gently down his cheeks.