18) 0) text: ...and Klaus bursts in to find his wife MARJORIE absolute frantic with terror:
18) 2) dialog: THE GIRLS! THE GIRLS ARE GONE!
19) 0) text: ...plunging us back into the screaming chaos: Klaus grabb up shotgun shells, Howie loading the .22 rifle he got for Christmas, Marjorie sobbing incoherently...
19) 3) dialog: Central! Central, are you on the line? Oh, God, please, somebody took my little girls...
84) 57) text: ...and Paul sees: The Detterick twins. Kathe and Cora. Laughing and playing hopscotch in the dust under a later afternoon sun... A dinner table. Family having supper late in the day, bas of biscuits being passed. Twelve year old Howie Detterick taking it, passing it on... An hand with a paint brush slopping bright red paint on t side of a barn... Kathe skipping to the head of the hopscotch squares, turn and starting back, laughing in the sun... The paint brush slopping more paint, dripping like blood. Paul jerks and twists, trying to pull away, trying to bre the circuit, but he can't, not till all is seen and done: Marjorie Detterick calling from the porch for everybody t come eat, supper's ready... A hammer pausing. Klaus looking down from atop the barn.. The Detterick twins finishing their hopscotch, gathering their jump ropes from the dust, running across the yard.. The basket of biscuits being passed to little Cora, who t a biscuit and passes it on... Klaus coming down the ladder, calling to his daughters. T little girls running past the man with the paint brush, w turns and smile as they go by...it's Wild Bill. The basket of biscuits is passed one last time. A hand pu one out, raises it for a bite. It's Wild Bill, smiling at little girls as conversation flows around the table... Paul screams, trying to pull away, but: The porch door is kicked off its hinges just before dawn, figure looming in the doorway. Kathe wakes, her scream cu short as the man's fist punches her hard in the face... Paul trembles violently as if riding the lightning himsel pleading for it to stop, but there's one last thing: Wild Bill looms over the terrified little girls like a horrendous boogeyman, whispers to Kathe:
90) 28) dialog: Die slow, you bastard.
90) 33) dialog: Kill him twice, you boys! You go on and kill that raping baby- killer twice, that'd be fine!
90) 39) dialog: Does it hurt yet? I hope it does! I hope it hurts like hell!
90) 43) dialog: You ought to be! Oh, you monster, you damn well ought to be!