68) 0) text: ...and they walk outside to find MELINDA MOORES sitting i the sun, frail and wasted, a blanket on her knees. She'd beautiful if not for the cancer killing her. Paul is shocked at her appearance, hides it as best as he can. Jan covers this for him--she drops to Melinda's side with a warm smile and a kiss, takes the woman's frail han in hers. Paul catches Jan's eye. The look he gives her says it all don't know what I'd do without you...
80) 20) dialog: Hal? Who are you talking to, you fucking cocksucker?
80) 21) text: A frozen moment. Hal mortified. Paul gives him a look--is that Melinda? Hal's shotgun shifts back to Coffey--but Paul steps in fr of the muzzle.
80) 27) dialog: Hal! Make them go away! No salesmen in the middle of the night! No Fuller brushes! No French knickers with come in the crotch! Tell them to take a flying fuck in a rolling d...d...
81) 4) dialog: Stay out of here! Whoever you are, just stay out! I'm not dressed for visitors, you rat's asshole!
82) 0) text: Coffey enters, trailed by the others. Paul pauses, horrif The woman propped in bed barely resembles Melinda Moores anymore--she looks made up like a Halloween witch, her li skin hanging in a loose trail of wrinkles, one corner of mouth twisted. Yellowish bile stains her chin and the fro of her nightgown. Her hair has gone white and straw-like, eyes glowering at Coffey with lively, irrational interest
82) 1) dialog: Oh, so big! Pull down your pants! Let's have a look!
82) 3) dialog: Don't come near me, pigfucker.
82) 5) dialog: Why do you have so many scars? Who hurt you so badly?
82) 7) text: Coffey sits on the edge of the bed. The lights seem to fl hotter and brighter. Tears are forming in Melinda's eyes.
82) 8) dialog: What's your name?
82) 12) dialog: Yes, John Coffey?
82) 22) text: Paul starts toward them. Coffey crawls away, pressing him into a corner with his face against the wallpaper. He's s making gruesome deep hacking sounds, but getting it under control. He weakly waves Paul off--let me be. Paul looks to the bed. Hal sits with Melinda, stroking he brow. Color is blooming in her cheeks even as we watch.
82) 23) dialog: How did I get here? We were going to the hospital in Indianola, weren't we? We stopped and you bought me a packet of posies...
82) 25) dialog: Did I have the X-ray? Did I
82) 29) text: Hal bursts into tears. Melinda sits up, comforting him. H eyes are drawn to the corner.
82) 30) dialog: Who is that man?
82) 34) dialog: What's your name?
82) 36) dialog: Like the drink, only not spelled the same.
82) 41) dialog: I dreamed of you. I dreamed you were wandering in the dark, and so was I. We found each other. We found each other in the dark.
82) 42) text: She undoes her necklace, holds it up for him. He hesitate glances to Paul. Paul nods--it's all right. Coffey lowers head. Melinda affixes the delicate chain around his neck.
82) 43) dialog: It's St. Christopher. I want you to have it, Mr. Coffey, and wear it. He'll keep you safe. Please wear it for me.
82) 45) dialog: Thank you, John.
90) 38) text: Van Hay cranks the generator. The lights flare hotter and brighter. It's just like in Melinda's bedroom the night Coffey cured her with a kiss. Airless and bright, dreamli