15) 14) text: GUARDS PERCY WETMORE AND HARRY TERWILLIGER OF E BLOCK eme from the back of the truck and step down, turn back... Tighter angle on back of truck We get our first glimpse of the new inmate as a pair of GIGANTIC BLACK FEET step down into the yard...and the rea the truck bounces back up on its springs where it belongs Brutal sees what's coming, eyes widening slightly.
15) 19) text: Brutal tosses him a look--just wait. He swings the door o in a hot flood of daylight, giving us our first good look John coffey is a huge black man, nearly 7 feet tall and 300 pounds, h massive head shiny and bald, his skin a tapestry of old scars, his prison overalls (the biggest size they had) en at mid-calf. He looks dull and confused, as if wondering where he is and how he got there. Percy and Harry lead hi toward E Block in shackles. Percy's got his hickory baton of it custom-made holster, hollering:
15) 20) dialog: Dead man walking! Dead man walking here!
15) 21) text: Inside the cellblock Paul can't see them approach from where he stands, but he certainly hear Percy:
15) 23) text: Up by the door, Brutal just rolls his eyes. Percy is the first one through the door, still hollering...
15) 24) dialog: Dead man walking!
15) 25) text: ...then Coffey enters, ducking low to get through, his sh blotting out Brutal and Dean as his massive frame fills t door. Everything hangs suspended for a moment, a look of "hold shit" written on everybody's faces. Percy keeps yan on the big man's cuffs, leading him along with a cry of:
15) 26) dialog: Dead man walking! Dead man--
15) 28) text: Percy falls reproachfully silent. Paul doesn't dignify it just motions for them to come on. The procession comes do the Mile, with Brutal and Dean bringing up rear.
15) 31) text: Coffey shakes his head slowly. Paul takes the clipboard transfer papers from Harry, turns and enters the cell. Coffey just stands outside the cell and waits, as if he doesn't understand the concept. Paul motions him to come in. Coffey starts to comply, but Percy raps him smartly w the tip of his hickory baton to get him moving faster. Coffey flinches, enters the cell. Paul stares angrily at Percy, who stands slapping his hickory baton against the of his hand like a man with a toy he's itching to use.
15) 33) dialog: They got all the men they need.
15) 35) text: Percy flushes red, the baton hovering near his palm. He l like he's about to say something, but thinks better of it stalks angrily up the Mile instead... ...and sees Del at his bars, smiling. Infuriated, Percy swings his baton and smashes Del's fingers with a LOUD CR Del jerks back, howling in pain:
15) 37) dialog: Wiped that grin off your shitpoke face, didn't I
15) 39) text: Percy throws Paul a look of disdain--your block, huh? He swaggers out. Del's on his knees, weeping from the pain:
25) 0) text: A low, static shot. Green floor stretching before us. Har and Bill Dodge are at the desk b.g., doing paperwork and filing chores. Percy is idling nearby, whistling softly a combing his hair... ...and into this quiet shot, deep in foreground, creeps t mouse. He starts walking the Mile as before... ...right toward Percy.
25) 2) dialog: keeps combing his hair, unaware...
25) 4) dialog: still grooming himself, still unaware...
25) 6) dialog: keeps working that comb--and freezes at the sound of a TI SQUEAK. His head swivels slowly... ...and there's the mouse. Staring at him. That moment of eye contact reveals an enmity older than t itself. If mice have a natural enemy, Percy is it.
25) 13) text: Percy takes a few careful steps back, eyes never leaving mouse. (Percy's hand starts easing toward the handle of h baton.) The mouse comes up to the desk as before.
25) 15) text: Harry breaks off a small piece of cracker and drops it. T mouse picks it up, starts to eat. (Percy's hand inches ev closer to his baton).
25) 22) text: Percy lets rip a BELLOWING WAR CRY ("Yaaaahhh!") and laun his baton like a spear, scaring the crap out of everyone. The mouse ducks (yes, actually ducks) and the baton sail his head close enough to ruffle its fur, bouncing off the floor. Apparently remembering a pressing engagement elsewhere, the mouse takes off in a flash toward the restraint room. Percy roars with frustration and takes off after it, tryi to squash it with his heavy work shoes, leaping and stomp with great big galloping strides, missing the mouse by inches... ...and thus is the Green Mile traversed, with Percy stomp and hollering like a spastic flamenco dancer, the convict yelling at their bars, the mouse zigging and zagging like Thorpe heading for the endzone... The mouse wins, zipping to safety under the restraint roo door. Percy pounds his fist against the door in frustrati
25) 23) dialog: FUCK!
25) 25) dialog: I'M GONNA RIP YOUR DISEASED HEAD OFF, YOU LITTLE PIECE OF SHIT!
25) 29) text: Harry points. Percy's down at the far end, rummaging wild in the restraint room, tossing shit out onto the Mile.
25) 30) dialog: It's in here somewhere! I'm gonna squish the little son of a bitch!
25) 33) dialog: What? Whad'ja say?
25) 40) text: Percy keeps scanning the restraint room. The others all l to Paul, waiting for him to speak--you're the boss.
25) 42) dialog: (turns, glaring) I know what I was doing. Trying to get the mouse. You blind?
25) 45) dialog: So what? They aren't in cradle- school, case you didn't notice... (directed at Paul) ...although you treat them that way half the time.
25) 48) dialog: I think of it as a bucket of piss to drown rats in. That's all. (scans their faces) Anybody doesn't like it can kiss my ass. How's that sit?
25) 49) text: Brutal steps forward, wanting to slug the little bastard. Percy shies back, but keeps his bravado up:
25) 50) dialog: Try it. You'll be on the bread lines before the week is out.
25) 52) dialog: Big talk. You done?
25) 54) text: They turn and walk away, leaving Percy as we
26) 0) text: A SLOW TRACKING SHOT OF THE GREEN FLOOR takes us past a t scrap of break...and then another...and then past a mouse primed with a scrap of bacon... ...and we keep following a long trail of bread scraps and mousetraps until we come to Percy, alone on the Mile, carefully laying the last mousetrap down... ...and he scoots back against the desk to wait, crouched holding his breath, eyes riveted to the restraint room do for any sign of his furry nemesis... ...and CAMERA BOOMS SLOWLY DOWN off his face, dipping dow floor level... ...where the mouse is revealed under the desk, peering in same direction as Percy, wondering what the hell's so interesting down there. It hops further out to see...
26) 3) text: Percy loses it, kicking and punching the restraint room d in a screaming rage as we
29) 26) dialog: What do I do?
29) 28) text: Paul motions Percy behind the wall. Percy sighs, takes hi spot next to Jack Van Hay, peers through the wire mesh as Toot plops into Old Sparky, wriggling his skinny ass to g comfy.
29) 46) dialog: What's with the sponge?
31) 2) text: WHAM! The switch is thrown. Bitterbuck surges forward aga the straps, riding the powerful current. Some witnesses turn away. Paul and Brutal maintain grim e contact with each other, waiting. Behind the partition, Percy watches through the mesh with gleaming eyes, wishing he could see better. Van Hay kills the current. Bitterbuck goes limp. A DOCTOR steps forward, checks for a heartbeat, shakes his head.
32) 1) dialog: Adios, Chief. Drop us a card from hell, let us know if it's hot enough.
32) 2) text: Brutal knocks Percy's hand away, shoves him aside.
32) 4) text: He draws the sheet over Bitterbuck's face, wheels the gur down the tunnel. Percy throws a look to Paul.
32) 5) dialog: What's up his ass?
32) 8) dialog: You gotta hate the new boy? That the way it is around here?
32) 10) dialog: I might take it, too. Soon as you put me out front.
32) 12) dialog: You heard me. I want Brutal's spot for the next execution.
32) 14) dialog: I wanna be out front, is all. Just one time. Then you'll be rid of me.
32) 16) dialog: I might just stick around for good, make me a career of this.
33) 25) text: He picks up the spool again, makes a drumroll sound, toss it. The mouse does its thing, rolling the spool back... ...as Percy enters the scene. Del catches sight of him an scoops up his mouse, drawing fearfully back on his bunk. tries to hide Mr. Jingles in his hands--but the mouse wriggles from his grasp and scampers up on top of his hea where he regards Percy with mistrustful, beady mouse eyes
33) 26) dialog: Well, well. Looks like you found yourself a new friend, Eddie.
33) 29) text: Percy shrugs as if to say "no skin off me", looks to Paul
33) 30) dialog: That the one I chased?
33) 32) dialog: Is that so?
33) 33) text: Paul trades a look with the others, everybody wondering j what the hell's going through Percy's mind.
33) 35) dialog: I think it'll shit up his nose some night and run away, but I guess that's Del's lookout. (beat) We oughtta find a cigar box. Get some cotton batting from he dispensary to line it with. That should do real nice.
33) 36) text: Percy walks away, leaving them dumbstruck. Paul turns to others. Of all the things they've seen in the last few minutes, Percy being nice is the most amazing of all.
39) 0) text: We see a tattoo: "Billy the Kid." TILT UP to WILLIAM WHAR staring out the window, wearing a hospital gown, his face utterly blank. He looks heavily medicated. Harry, Dean, and Percy enter. Billy doesn't react, just k staring out. Harry waves his fingers in Billy's face.
39) 5) dialog: Hellraiser, huh? Looks more like a limp noodle to me. Hey! Hey, you!
39) 6) text: Billy looks up, meets Percy's eyes.
39) 7) dialog: You been declared competent! Know what that means? Mean's you're gonna ride the lightning, son!
39) 8) text: Percy does a quick impression of a man jittering and jerk in the electric chair.
39) 9) dialog: Bzzzzzzzzt-zap! Just like that! How's it feel to know you're gonna die with your knees bent?
39) 11) text: Laughing, Percy picks up the pants. They proceed to help Billy into them one leg at a time...
43) 10) text: --and he drops his wrist-chain down over Dean's head, jer it tight, begins to strangle him. Dean lurches forward, B riding/propelling him through the door onto the Mile. Percy stands frozen in the doorway, stunned. Harry shoves aside and jumps on Billy from behind, trying to get him o Dean. Dean is choking, turning purple. Paul rushes from the cell to join the fray. Billy whirls, delivering a stunning kick to Paul's groin. Paul's bladde pain goes nuclear--he falls back in agony, clutching hims and sucking air through his teeth, unable even to scream. Billy rams an elbow into Harry's face, knocks him sprawli on the desk, screaming and laughing and howling all the w
43) 16) text: Dean is choking, dying. Paul is shifting his aim, trying a clear shot, not getting one. Percy's still just inside doorway, pressed against the wall with fear...
43) 19) text: ...and suddenly a hand comes in, grabs the hickory stick of Percy's grasp, raises it high-- --it's Brutal coming through the door. He swings the bato and lands an awesome blow to Billy's head--THUMP! The for of it spins Billy off his feet and slams him flat on his Dean crawls away, gulping ragged breaths of air. Amazingl Billy's still conscious--he looks up at Brutal and laughs
43) 25) text: Percy nods, still numb. Paul is furious:
43) 29) text: Percy finally unfreezes. The three of them hoist Billy up a dead-lift, get him in his cell, toss him on the cot. Th step out, slam the door, lock it. Paul looks to Harry and Brutal.
56) 9) text: Brutal leads Del up the Mile, Paul and the others at thei heels. Percy's at the duty desk. He smirks and rolls his as Del goes by. The moment Brutal and Del are out the doo ...Toot emerges from Paul's office where he's been hiding
58) 0) text: The steel cap is lowered over Toot's head, the straps tightened. TILT UP to Percy as:
58) 1) dialog: Roll on two.
58) 4) text: A pause. Percy looks anxiously to Paul, who's trading gla with the other guards. Finally:
58) 6) text: Percy smiles. Harry and Dean step up, slapping his back a shaking his hand...
59) 0) text: ...and they're still chatting a short time later, waiting Del's return. Percy actually looks happy for a change, feeling genuinely accepted for the first time... Billy is watching from his cell. Just watching. The door opens. Del returns with Mr. Jingles on his shoul escorted by Brutal. Brutal is toting the cigar box and sp like a magician's assistant carrying the boss' props.
59) 3) dialog: Well, that's just aces. Pop back in your cell, old-timer.
59) 4) text: The generosity of Percy's tone catches Del completely off guard. Del gives him a look of almost comical mistrust... ...and the old Percy comes back. He bares his teeth in a snarl and curls his fingers as if to grab Del. It's a jok but Del doesn't know that--he jerks back in fear and trip over Brutal's big feet. Del goes down hard, hitting the linoleum with the back of his head. Mr. Jingles jumps cle goes squeaking down the Mile. Del sits up, painfully clutching his head. Brutal helps him up...
59) 6) text: ...and moves him toward his cell. Percy is actually moved apologize--he starts after them with a half-laugh, drifti much too close to Wild Bill's side of the Mile...
59) 7) dialog: Del! Hey, you numb wit, I didn't mean nothin' by it! You all ri--
59) 8) text: ...and Wild Bill's arms thrust out, grabbing Percy and slamming him back against the bars with an arm around his throat. Percy squeals like a pig in a slaughter-chute, thinking he's gonna die. The guards scramble, drawing the clubs--as Billy strokes Percy's hair and whispers in his
59) 10) text: Billy kisses Percy's ear--and his hand drops down to sque Percy's crotch. Paul pulls his sidearm, taking aim...
59) 12) text: ...and Billy lets go, stepping back with his hands raised laughing. Percy darts across the Mile in terror and cring against the cell opposite, breathing so loud and fast it almost sounds like sobbing.
59) 14) text: Down at his cell, Del starts laughing shrilly. Everybody starts to realize it, including Percy himself...he looks down, sees the huge dark stain spreading at his crotch.
59) 16) text: Percy just stares. Brutal shoves Delacroix into his cell.
59) 18) text: Paul steps to Percy, puts a hand on his shoulder. Percy shakes his hand off, looks around at their faces, whisper
59) 19) dialog: You talk about this to anyone, I'll get you all fired. I swear that to God.
59) 21) text: The men nod solemnly. Nobody's going to talk about this. Percy looks at Delacroix still snorting in his cell, poin at him.
59) 22) dialog: You keep laughing, you French- fried faggot. You just keep laughing.
59) 23) text: Del falls silent. Percy turns and storms away as we
60) 20) text: Percy is drifting up the block, listening too, but nobody really paying him much mind.
60) 23) text: Del tosses the spool extra hard--it takes a bad bounce of the wall and goes clattering through the bars onto the Mi The mouse goes after it like a shot, too intent to notice His old enemy Percy.
60) 25) text: Percy stomps the heel of his heavy work shoe down on Mr. Jingles. There's a SOFT SNAP as the mouse's back breaks. Del screams in horror and throws himself at the bars, sob the mouse's name. Percy looks to Brutal and Paul, smiles.
60) 26) dialog: Knew I'd get him sooner or later. Just a matter of time, really.
60) 27) text: He turns and strolls up the Mile, leaving Mr. Jingles dyi in a tiny pool of blood. Up at the duty desk, Dean and Ha get up from a cribbage game, stunned and furious. Percy strolls past, exits to the execution chamber. Del i still screaming, all his pent-up terror and grief pouring at the dying mouse. And then comes a soft, urgent voice:
60) 49) dialog: Don't start in on me. It was just a mouse. Never belonged here in the first place.
60) 51) dialog: You expect me to believe that? I heard the goddamn thing crunch.
60) 54) dialog: What kind of game is this?
60) 56) text: Beat. Percy stalks past them, heads out onto the Mile. Pa and Brutal just wait, saying nothing. Brutal picks up the left by Percy, resumes polishing chores on Old Sparky. Pa stretches, cracks his neck. The silence heavy... ...until Percy reappears.
60) 57) dialog: You switched them! You switched them somehow, you bastards!
60) 59) dialog: You're playing with me, the both of you! Just who the hell do you think you are--
60) 60) text: Brutal grabs him , slams him bodily into the electric cha Paul bends close, gets right in Percy's face.
60) 62) dialog: My word?
60) 64) dialog: What if I just call up certain people and tell them you're harassing me? Bullying me?
60) 66) dialog: Over a mouse? You think anyone's gonna give two shits?
60) 69) text: Percy looks from one man to another, knowing he's trapped
60) 71) text: Percy thinks it over, nods. He tries to get up, but Paul him pinned...and pointedly offer his hand.
60) 73) text: Percy hesitates, shakes Paul's hand...
61) 24) dialog: Roll on one.
61) 29) dialog: Eduard Delacroix, you have been condemned to die by a jury of your peers, sentence imposed by a judge in good standing in this state. You have anything to say before sentence is carried out?
61) 33) dialog: No such place. That's just a fairy tale these guys told you to keep you quiet. Just thought you should know, faggot.
61) 34) text: The stricken look in Del's eyes tells us a part of him ha known all along. Paul and Brutal would both like to deck Percy right about now, and he knows it--he gives them a " are you gonna do about it" smile. Nothing they can do. Paul nods to Harry, who takes the bl mask from the back of the chair and rolls it down over De head, leaving the top of his shaved head exposed.
61) 35) dialog: takes the sponge and bends down to the bucket of brine. T other don't see it, but we do: Percy only pretends to dip the sponge and soak it. It nev touches the water. He straightens up and places the spong atop Delacroix's head, hiding it with his hands. The cap is lowered. Paul and the others haven't yet reali what's happened. THUNDER BOOMS and LIGHTNING CRASHES as P hides a smile, steps back to address the condemned:
61) 36) dialog: Electricity shall now be passed through your body until you are dead, in accordance with state law. God have mercy on your soul.
61) 38) dialog: Roll on two.
61) 45) text: Paul turns back, helpless. The other guards are trading w looks, unable to believe what's happening. Even Percy loo aghast--he was expecting something, but not this. Del begins SCREAMING--the wild, hysterical sound of an an being shredded alive in a hay baler. The HUMMING goes une and ragged, the lights rising and falling...
61) 60) text: Hal is horrified at the thought. Del is jittering and screaming, rocking from side to side, smoke pouring from nostrils and mouth, his tongue sizzling purple-black. The witnesses are crowding and shoving to get out, but th back door is locked. All they can do is cluster there. Paul sees Percy with his head turned away. He grabs him, forces his head around.
61) 64) text: Van Hay kills the current. The HUMMING DIES. Brutal grabs extinguisher from Harry, shoves it into Percy's hands.
61) 66) text: Percy, sick and dazed, aims the extinguisher and hoses th smoking corpse. Hal is near the back, calming the crowd:
62) 0) text: Paul and the others bring the stretcher down, lay the cor on the gurney. Percy starts stammering excuses:
62) 1) dialog: I didn't know the sponge was supposed to be wet--
62) 12) text: All eyes go to Percy. Hal turns, sees Percy's bloody lip.
62) 14) dialog: I didn't know the sponge was supposed to be wet.
62) 22) text: Percy nods. Hal steps close, gives him a tight, icy smile
62) 24) text: Hal heads back up the stairs. Brutal shoves Percy aside a wheels Delacroix's body down the tunnel.
72) 0) text: Percy is parked in Paul's chair with his feet up, reading book titled: "CARING FOR MENTAL PATIENTS."
74) 0) text: Percy looks up from his book as the door opens. Paul ente with Brutal and Harry, ominously hemming the desk.
74) 1) dialog: What is this?
74) 4) text: Percy jumps up and tries to the execution chamber, but Ha grabs him, spins him back. A wild scuffle ensues as:
74) 5) dialog: Let go of me! Let go!
74) 7) text: Percy tries to jerk away, crashes into the desk. The book was reading falls to the floor-- --and a "Tijuana Bible" is revealed within the pages. It' pornographic cartoon book of the type popular in the '30' featuring crude drawings of famous cartoon characters or movie stars engaged in outlandish sexual acts. This one h Olive Oyl getting it doggy-style from Popeye. The word balloon over his head features his famous laugh: "Uk-uk-u uk!"
74) 9) dialog: Let go, you ignoramus! I know people! Big people!
74) 11) dialog: I won't. And you can't make me.
74) 13) text: Brutal grabs Percy by the ears, twisting hard. Percy lets a shriek--not just of pain, but a dismayed understanding he's not going to bluster his way out of this one.
74) 16) text: Percy jerks his arms up before him. They get the straitja on him within seconds. Percy turns to Paul on the verge o tears. Softly:
74) 17) dialog: Please, Paul. Don't put me in with Wild Bill. Please.
75) 0) text: ...and they bring him down the Mile to the restraint room door. Brutal takes Percy's holster and baton.
75) 2) dialog: That's more than I can say about your jobs. All your jobs! You can't do this to me! You can't!
75) 5) text: He slaps the tape over Percy's mouth and shoves him back the restraint room. Percy stands breathing heavily throug his nose, making muffled mmmmph-mmmph! sounds under the t
75) 8) text: And they slam the door, shutting Percy into darkness.
84) 12) text: Dean hurries off to retrieve Percy's holster and baton. Brutal unlocks the restraint room door, swings it open. P is revealed sitting against the wall, glaring, his mouth still taped. Paul crouches down. Brutal joins him.
84) 14) text: Percy nods. Paul takes hold of the tape, preparing to yan
84) 16) text: Paul rips the tape off. Percy's eyes water with pain.
84) 18) dialog: Get me out of this nut-coat.
84) 20) dialog: Now! Now! Right n--
84) 21) text: Paul slaps him hard, knocks him sideways. Percy looks up, blinking in surprise. Paul grabs him, yanks him back up.
84) 23) dialog: Sabotaged!
84) 25) text: Percy blinks, unable to grasp that.
84) 29) dialog: May I be let out of this coat now?
84) 31) dialog: My things?
84) 32) text: Dean hands them over. Percy smooths his hair and puts his on, starts strapping on his holster belt.
84) 34) dialog: Oh, I intend to. I intend to think about it very hard. Starting right now.
84) 35) text: Percy exits the restraint room. Brutal whispers to Paul:
84) 40) text: Percy says nothing. He turns and walks slowly up the Mile his movements vacant and disjointed. He comes to a swayin stop at Wild Bill's cell...and turns slowly to look in. Wild Bill is coming painfully around, groggily clutching head. He looks up, see Percy.
84) 42) text: Nothing for the longest moment. Percy just staring... ...and then he pulls his gun and empties it into Wild Bil fast as he can pull the trigger. BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM! Bill takes all six rounds in the chest, reeling back acro the cell. He hits the wall and slides down, leaving a sme his face registering a final look of stunned surprise. Paul and the other tackle Percy and bring him down, wrest the gun out of his hand. Dean is almost weeping:
84) 44) text: Percy is flat on his back, staring up at nothing. The bla "bugs" come drifting out of nose and mouth, swirling in t air over his head. They turn white and disappear. The men are speechless. Paul turns, sees Coffey sitting o the floor at his bars, watching.
85) 5) dialog: sits handcuffed on the floor of the Mile, eyes glassier t Wild Bill's. TWO COPS are trying to snap him out of it:
85) 8) text: A MEDIC is raising Percy's eyelid with his thumb, shining penlight, getting no reaction.
86) 0) text: TRACKING A PAIR OF FEET shuffling into the room in hospit slippers, escorted by TWO ORDERLIES. The patient is broug to a window. The orderlies turn to leave... ...and we BOOM UP to reveal Percy, catatonic, staring out same window where we met Wild Bill...
87) 0) text: ...and we WIDEN SLOWLY from Percy at the window to reveal last stop in life. It's emblazoned on the gate: BRIAR RID MENTAL HOSPITAL. He finally got that transfer.