22) 0) text: Taylor is walking with her earbuds plugged in, scrolling through her phone. In the background, we see Ingrid following her at a safe distance. EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Taylor opens the gate of her beautiful Craftsman house, checking the mail. There is an Airstream and a vintage Mercedes in the driveway. A dog YAPS from inside. Ingrid hides behind a parked car, watching Taylor as she enters her house. Ingrid pauses, noticing something. HER POV - Taylor’s dog, ROTHKO, sits at the window, panti EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT Taylor exits, followed by her husband, EZRA O'KEEFE, 33, sporting an impressive beard. They hop into Taylor's Mercedes and she backs out of the driveway.
25) 1) dialog: Hello? Ingrid freezes. She wasn’t expecting a man’s voice.
25) 3) dialog: Oh my God! Rothko! Is he okay?
25) 5) dialog: Where do you live? I’11 come by right now. Ingrid looks around the empty apartment.
25) 7) dialog: Perfect.
25) 9) dialog: (confused) Don’t you need the address? Ingrid silently curses at herself for being so careless.
26) 4) dialog: Hola. Where’d you find him? 31.
26) 6) dialog: He looks sick. Must have been eating garbage or something.
26) 8) dialog: Hey, you guys have the same purse.
26) 15) dialog: Why don’t you stay for dinner? Let us cook for you.
27) 0) text: Taylor and Ezra lead Ingrid through their house. It’s eve more perfect in real life -- Midcentury modern furniture, color-coordinated bookshelves, macrame plant hangers, Moroccan rugs, and tons of natural light.
27) 4) dialog: Taylor makes a killer South Side.
27) 8) dialog: Hope you don’t mind if we improvise a little. Ingrid seems slightly intimidated by how nice everything
27) 18) dialog: Maybe you’re confusing her with one of your crazy internet fan-girls. Ingrid tenses up. Taylor touches her arm, reassuringly.
27) 20) dialog: That’s not true. I just don’t want someone forming an opinion of me based on what kind of shoes I wear or what I ate for breakfast.
27) 22) dialog: No, wait a second. Let’s ask Ingrid what she thinks. Taylor and Ezra both shift their attention to Ingrid. She pauses, choosing her words carefully.
27) 27) dialog: I prefer to keep some parts of my life private, that’s all. I want my work to speak for itself.
27) 30) dialog: I guess you could label it “pop art” but I’m not sure yet. REVERSE SHOT of a wall of canvases featuring Ed Ruscha-st paintings of popular phrases like “CURRENT MOOD” and “ON FLEEK” and “I CAN'T EVEN” over classic American landscape
27) 33) dialog: Uh... I mean, not technically --
27) 36) dialog: How much did we say “Squad Goals” was, babe?
27) 39) dialog: Salut! They all cheers. Ingrid blushes, smiling as she takes a s
27) 44) dialog: What’s wrong?
27) 46) dialog: Babe, don’t worry. We'll figure it out.
27) 52) dialog: Great. Problem solved. Taylor gives Ezra a look, feeling put on the spot. Ingrid picks up on this, adding:
34) 0) text: Through the front window, we see Taylor and Ezra introduc Ingrid to a bunch of hip L.A. people.
37) 0) text: The ceramic pendant lamp now hangs from the ceiling. The apartment has been transformed into a miniature version o Taylor's house, with Ezra’s “SQUAD GOALS” painting hangin prominently on the wall amidst books and hanging plants. Ingrid holds up her phone, snapping a photo of her space.
39) 10) dialog: (looking up, alarmed) A few weeks? Taylor smiles, hugging Nicky and leaning on his shoulder.
39) 16) dialog: You were sober during all this?
39) 18) dialog: Great story, Nicky. If anyone needs me, I’1l be in my studio. Ezra walks into the garage, the door slamming behind him. Nicky rolls his eyes at Taylor, who says nothing. Ingrid looks between them, uncomfortable.
41) 0) text: A swarm of people are seated on the lawn with chairs and picnic blankets, eating and drinking. A DJ spins music in front of a giant mausoleum that doubles as a movie screen Ingrid appears, sweaty and out of breath, holding a Navaj blanket. She frantically scans the crowd for Taylor. HER POV - Taylor, Ezra and Nicky are sitting in a VIP SEC filled with pillows, blankets and ATTRACTIVE L.A. PEOPLE.
41) 6) dialog: Yeah, totally. (turning) Harley, this is our friend, Ingrid. Nicky’s date, HARLEY CHUNG, 30s, smiles up at her, lookin like a prettier, more polished version of Taylor.
41) 13) dialog: You should bring him this weekend. Harley's house-sitting this rad place in Malibu. (to Harley) I mean, if there’s room, obviously.
45) 0) text: Pinto’s truck pulls up outside a beachfront house in Mali Ingrid jumps out followed by Pinto, who is now dressed exactly like Ezra in a felt hat, chambray shirt buttoned the way, white jeans, and a pair of Red Wings.
48) 1) dialog: I was at some tech start-up the other day and they had this absurd art collection... which really bugged me, you know? Like, what kind of statement are they trying to make? (MORE )
48) 3) dialog: That they, as a company, have good taste? That’s bullshit. You can’t just acquire taste. It’s something you earn, something you cultivate over years and years -- Nicky looks at Pinto making a jerk-off motion. Pinto laug
48) 4) dialog: (annoyed) Something to add, Nicky?
48) 6) dialog: You're missing the point. (to Taylor) C’mon, back me up here, babe.
52) 0) text: Ingrid is sitting by herself, smoking a cigarette and sta out at the ocean, when she notices Ezra perched on a rock wearing a towel and drinking wine from the bottle.
52) 3) dialog: (distant) I went skinny dipping.
52) 6) dialog: No. Not really. (long pause) Do you ever wish you could just walk into the ocean and disappear? Ingrid stares at Ezra, genuinely confused.
52) 8) dialog: Nicky’s right, you know. I’m not an artist. I’m a fucking charlatan.
52) 10) dialog: Yeah, well... that makes one of you. So far, you’re my only sale.
52) 12) dialog: She would say that, wouldn’t she? Everything's “the best” with her. You have to try this restaurant. It’s “the best”. (MORE )
52) 14) dialog: Have you seen these clothes? They’re “the best”. It’s exhausting after a while.
52) 16) dialog: What secret? Ingrid looks at Ezra, debating whether to tell him or not
52) 18) dialog: (incredulous) Desert D’Or...?
52) 21) dialog: The Deer Park is my favorite book. Taylor’s never even read it. Ingrid considers this. Ezra pauses, looking wistful.
52) 22) dialog: I wish you’d known the old Taylor. Back when she first moved here. She didn’t know anyone yet. She was this total preppie sorority chick. Her favorite band was Coldplay, for fuck’s sake. (faint smile) (MORE )
52) 24) dialog: It was refreshing how earnest she was. Kind of like you, actually. Ingrid seems unsure of how to take this remark. Ezra sigh
52) 25) dialog: I miss how things used to be. When it was just the two of us. I miss having a day job. I miss waking up and going to the office. I miss being around people... More silence. Ingrid places a hand on Ezra’s shoulder.
52) 26) dialog: Sorry to burden you with all of this, it’s just... Sometimes I feel like I don’t have anyone I can talk to about this stuff, you know? Ezra looks at Ingrid, placing a hand on her thigh.
52) 27) dialog: You're a good listener.
52) 31) dialog: I thought this is what you wanted.
52) 33) dialog: I dunno. Why else would you have bought one of my shitty paintings? I’ve seen the way you look at me. 86. Ingrid stares at Ezra in disbelief then storms off toward the house. Ezra chases after her, looking scared.
52) 34) dialog: Ingrid, wait! You’re not gonna tell Taylor about this, are you? Ezra grabs Ingrid’s arm, pleading with her.
52) 35) dialog: Please don’t tell her. I’m begging you. She’s all I’ve got. Ezra’'s face contorts into a sad grimace. He hunches over crying softly. Ingrid watches, not sure what to do.
52) 36) dialog: Oh fuck... (sobbing) Please don’t tell her. Please. I‘1l do anything. We HOLD on Ingrid, an idea dawning on her...
62) 1) dialog: Hello?
62) 3) dialog: We're at dinner. Why?
62) 5) dialog: Ingrid. We’re not in Joshua Tree.
62) 7) dialog: No. We’re in L.A. staying at a friend’s house. Funny how you just happened to be there right when Taylor posted about it.
62) 9) dialog: (sighs) Look, I don’t know how to say this, but... Taylor doesn’t want to see you anymore. Silence. 103. Ingrid feels a sharp pain in her chest.
62) 11) dialog: She doesn’t want to talk to you either.
62) 13) dialog: Ingrid. It’s over, okay? Nicky told us everything. Don’t call us anymore.
62) 26) dialog: Listen, you fucking psycho. If you don’t stop this shit right fucking now, I’m calling the fucking cops, you understand? It’s five in the fucking morning. Just leave us the fuck alone! CLICK. Ingrid looks stunned. She hits redial.
64) 0) text: Ingrid sits on the floor, looking through her back window with a pair of binoculars, eating popcorn from a bag. HER POV - Through the back window, we can SEE Taylor and having a heated argument. Ezra storms outside, gets into car and speeds off. Taylor collapses on the couch, sobbin 108.
65) 0) text: The door opens. Ingrid steps outside and freezes. HER POV - Pinto’s truck has been keyed with various curse words and derogatory terms for the female anatomy. Ingrid turns, looking back at the house. A WIDER ANGLE reveals the words “EAT SHIT AND DIE” have a been spray-painted across the entire front of the house i the same font that Ezra used in his artwork. MUSIC CUE: THE LOUVIN BROTHERS “SATAN IS REAL”
71) 7) dialog: You want me to call the cops?
71) 11) dialog: I’m ninety days sober.