0) 0) text: Ingrid steps out of the car, wearing running shoes and a cocktail dress underneath her sweatshirt. We TRACK with h as she makes her way across the lawn, towards a large TEN filled with tables and people dancing. Ingrid weaves her way through the crowd, unnoticed. She grabs a glass of champagne from a passing caterer and slu it, tossing the empty glass aside as she notices --
0) 2) dialog: Hi Charlotte. Charlotte and a few of her guests turn, smiling. Charlott recognizes Ingrid and just as suddenly her smile vanishes
0) 4) text: Congratulations. Ingrid holds up a PEPPER SPRAY GUN and blasts Charlotte i the face. Charlotte squeezes her eyes shut, screaming.
0) 5) dialog: 
0) 8) dialog: We PULL BACK to reveal that the beach is a motivational poster hanging on an otherwise empty wall.
0) 9) dialog: Dear Charlotte. A calmer, healthier-looking Ingrid sits on the edge of a bed inside the sterile room, staring up at the poster. Sh looks down at the notebook in her lap and continues writi
0) 10) dialog: I just want you to know how sorry I am about what happened.
1) 0) text: Ingrid steps up to a window where a nurse hands her a pap cup filled with medicine. She tosses back her pills and opens her mouth wide, sticking out her tongue.
1) 1) dialog: In a lot of ways, having this time apart has been good for me. It’s given me a chance to reflect.
2) 0) text: Ingrid plays ping-pong against a pale 15-YEAR-OLD GIRL.
3) 0) text: Ingrid is eating a sandwich and reading a worn copy of Th Language of Letting Go, highlighting her favorite passage
3) 1) dialog: How to live in the moment.
4) 0) text: Ingrid sits in a circle with a small group, nodding in sympathy as a female patient shares a harrowing story.
4) 1) dialog: How to listen.
5) 0) text: Ingrid and her fellow patients are sitting in chairs watc Clueless on a pull-down projector screen. Ingrid laughs, then pauses, remembering something.
5) 1) dialog: Sometimes I’1l hear a joke or see something that reminds me of you and I feel sad because I have no way of telling you about it.
6) 0) text: Ingrid sits cross-legged, meditating next to a large oak
6) 1) dialog: But maybe that’s okay. Maybe it’s good to feel alone once in a while.
7) 0) text: Ingrid waves goodbye to the other patients, exchanging hu
7) 1) dialog: I don’t know what the future holds for me. I just know that things are going to be different now.
7) 2) text: Ingrid is waiting at the front desk clutching a faded L.L Bean backpack with her name stitched across the top. She makes sure no one is watching then reaches over the count and slides a stamped envelope into the OUTGOING MAIL bin.
7) 3) dialog: Hopefully someday you and I can look back on all of this and laugh. A NURSE appears, handing Ingrid a plastic bag filled with personal items. Ingrid opens the bag, taking out her IPHO CLOSE on the phone. We SEE Ingrid’s face reflected in the glass. She cradles it in her hand, caressing the screen.
7) 4) dialog: Your friend, always --
7) 7) dialog: How’s my little black belt, huh? Erin’s son, LOGAN, 4, sits in the back with headphones on staring at his iPad. He doesn’t look up.
7) 9) dialog: For eight weeks?
7) 11) dialog: Yeah, the thing is... a big part of the healing process is learning how to talk about what happened and not care what other people think.
7) 13) dialog: So what? You want me to pretend like everything's perfect?
7) 16) dialog: Not anymore. They continue driving in silence. Ingrid turns back towar the window, her glow fading a bit. EXT. ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - ESTABLISHING A single-story Colonial house with a big yard. A police motorcycle is parked next to Erin’s SUV in the driveway. INT. NURSERY - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - DAY The door opens and Erin’s husband KEITH, 39, enters weari short-sleeved cop uniform, his shirt unbuttoned revealing white tee underneath. He flicks on the light.
7) 18) dialog: (touched) You guys, this is so nice.
7) 21) dialog: You didn’t have to do all this. I’1ll only be here a few days. Ingrid sets down her backpack and opens the closet. Erin Keith exchange a worried look.
7) 23) dialog: (read: obviously) Back to Mom’s house? Where all my stuff is? Ingrid turns on the closet light and pauses. It’s filled with clothes and cardboard boxes labeled: “INGRID”
7) 27) dialog: Half that house was mine! She left it to both of us!
7) 31) dialog: Don’t you mean my yoga retreat?!
7) 33) dialog: No! Ever since Mom died, you guys have been waiting to kick me out. You just couldn't help yourselves, could you?!
7) 35) dialog: I'd like to be alone now, please.
7) 40) dialog: Erin...
7) 42) dialog: I don’t know what life I want.
8) 0) text: ECU: A series of items being scanned -- an at-home facial kit, a bag of gummy worms, the latest issue of Vanity Fai six-pack of Corona, a bottle of prescription pills... Ingrid stands at the pharmacy counter with her earbuds in listening to an audiobook while a PHARMACIST rings her up
8) 11) text: CLOSE on the photo of TAYLOR SLOANE, 29. Her elegant beau is offset by an effortless style and laid-back warmth. CLOSE on Ingrid’s face. Something inside her has shifted. She is transfixed. Who is this perfect-looking creature? INT. NURSERY - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - MINUTES LATER Ingrid is in bed with her phone and a towel around her he ON THE SCREEN - She types the name “Taylor Sloane” into t Instagram search bar. Her handle pops up - @welltaylored. Ingrid opens Taylor's profile. She has 267K followers.
8) 12) dialog: Whoa. She taps on Taylor’s most recent PHOTO.
8) 26) dialog: Damn, girl! That looks yummy. What’s your email address? Ingrid pauses. Something doesn’t feel right. She deletes her comment and tries again.
8) 27) dialog: I am SUCH a foodie. Should we be best friends? Ingrid frowns. Still not right. She tries again.
8) 28) dialog: OMG! Where is this place?? She adds a ‘Licking Lips’ emoji to the end of her comment Ingrid smiles. Nailed it. She presses SEND. Keith enters from the garage, taking off his cop helmet, serious look on his face.
8) 32) dialog: No.
8) 34) dialog: I’m not lying.
8) 38) dialog: (defensive) I wasn’t lurking. I was just feeling low and I wanted to see if she got my letter --
8) 41) dialog: I needed to apologize and let her know there were no hard feelings.
8) 43) dialog: I mean, none of this would’ve happened if she’d just invited me to her wedding in the first place. Keith and Erin stare at Ingrid, dumbfounded.
8) 45) dialog: I’m sorry, okay? It won’t happen again.
8) 50) text: Ingrid’s expression changes. She smiles, wiping away tear INT. NURSERY - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - NIGHT Ingrid is staring at the Vanity Fair profile of Taylor. HER POV - The caption beneath the photo reads “Taylor and dog, Rothko, at home in Venice, California.” PUNCH IN on the words: “Venice, California."
9) 0) text: Ingrid watches, mesmerized, as $100 bills are spit out of counting machine and arranged into neat piles by a BRANCH MANAGER. One by one, Ingrid places the stacks of money in her old L.L. Bean backpack. 17. EXT. ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - NIGHT The house is asleep. A window opens on the top floor and Ingrid’s backpack is tossed out onto the lawn followed by duffel bag. Ingrid climbs out, carefully lowering herself the ground. She grabs her bags and runs to a waiting CAB.
10) 0) text: The Pacific Ocean shimmers under a pink and orange sky, w crashing against the shoreline. We PULL BACK to reveal Ingrid sitting in the sand with he bags, staring out at the sea. She looks down at her phone ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid is creating a new Instagram accoun The cursor blinks in the empty ‘Username’ field. She thin for a moment, then types in the words:
10) 1) dialog: Ingrid Goes West. Her new profile POPS UP. A completely blank canvas. Ingrid raises her phone, snapping a picture of the sunris She pauses, thinking of the perfect caption. She glances around, her eyes landing on a CORONA AD plast to the side of a nearby building, then types:
10) 2) dialog: Finally found my beach. Happy face emoji. ECU: Ingrid’s thumb presses the ‘Share’ button.
11) 0) text: QUICK SHOTS of Ingrid pedaling a brand-new beach cruiser through the streets of Venice, soaking it all in. She pauses in front of an old Victorian house. There is a brand-new black pick-up truck parked out front with a Bat symbol in place of the Toyota emblem. A sign posted in th yard reads: “AVAILABLE: 1 BR + 1 BATH" 18.
12) 0) text: Ingrid looks around while the owner, DAN PINTO, 34, rides two-wheeled scooter around, talking on his phone and puff on a vape pen. He wears a flat-brim hat, an XXL Jordan Bu jersey, board shorts and Adidas slides with tube socks.
12) 5) dialog: Ingrid. (confused beat) Are you the landlord?
12) 7) dialog: But... this is your place, right?
12) 9) dialog: You write movies? Pinto nods, exhaling a thick cloud of smoke from his vape
12) 10) dialog: Anything I’ve seen?
12) 12) dialog: Wow. You wrote that?
12) 14) dialog: How much is this place?
12) 17) dialog: No thanks.
12) 19) dialog: Can I pay you in cash? Pinto seems impressed and a little turned on. INT. PINTO’S HOUSE - DAY 20. The place is a glorified dorm room filled with wall-to-wa Batman merchandise, framed posters of classic 90s movies “The Matrix” and “12 Monkeys” and a giant fish tank. Pinto watches as Ingrid digs through her backpack, counti out nine grand in cash on a table littered with weed jars
12) 21) dialog: Nope.
12) 23) dialog: I’m not a drug dealer, okay? My mom died and she left me some money and I just want to start over. Pinto takes a solemn drag on his vape pen. Ingrid hands him the cash.
12) 25) dialog: Thanks. He smiles, handing her the keys. 21.
12) 27) dialog: I’m pretty tired but thanks anyway. Ingrid heads for the door. Pinto calls out after her.
12) 29) dialog: Okay! Will do. Ingrid exits quickly, the screen door slamming behind her
13) 0) text: Ingrid stands inside her empty apartment, looking around contentedly. Her phone DINGS. A new notification POPS UP: “@officialdanpinto is now following you.” Ingrid opens Pinto’s profile. A measly 178 followers. She taps on his most recent post. ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of Pinto at Six Flags, crouching throwing up double peace signs in front of BATMAN: THE RI
14) 0) text: Ingrid sits at a table alone. She cranes her neck, lookin around for any sign of Taylor. 22.
14) 2) dialog: I'm sorry?
14) 4) dialog: Uh... I’m good, thanks.
14) 6) dialog: I’m meeting a friend of mine for lunch. Have you seen her? Ingrid holds up a PHOTO of Taylor on her phone that’s bee cropped to look like an original.
14) 8) dialog: Oh, uh... shoot. I must have gotten the time wrong. (quick beat) Do you remember what she ordered?
14) 10) text: Ingrid sits in front of a plate of yam cauliflower samosa concentrating as she takes a birds-eye PHOTO of it. ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid posts the photo on her Instagram account. We HEAR her voice as she types out the caption:
14) 11) dialog: Well, I made it. Thanks for the rec @welltaylored! Hashtag I Am Grateful. Ingrid taps ‘Share’ and smiles, feeling good about hersel Ingrid sets down her phone to take her first bite. She immediately gags, spitting the half-chewed food onto her plate, drawing stares from some of the other customers.
15) 0) text: Ingrid sits cross-legged on the floor of her empty apartm eating an In-N-Out burger and looking at Instagram. ON THE SCREEN - A street-style PHOTO of Taylor in front o row of surfboards, wearing a linen sack dress, suede boot and a straw hat, holding a Claire Vivier clutch.
16) 0) text: Ingrid walks out wearing the exact same outfit as Taylor carrying two shopping bags. She looks down at her phone. ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of Taylor getting a haircut.
17) 0) text: Ingrid sits in a chair, scrolling through her phone, as t stylist applies highlights to her hair with bits of tin f ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of a first edition of Joan Didion The White Album framed next to an Intelligentsia coffee c 24.
18) 0) text: Ingrid is at the coffee bar, hair styled exactly like Taylor's, sipping a latte and reading a first edition of White Album. Her phone DINGS. A notification POPS UP: “@officialdanpinto has commented on your post.” ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid swipes on the notification. Her PH from Cafe Gratitude appears, now with one like from Pinto
19) 0) text: Ingrid is wearing sweats and flip-flops, her hair in a me bun, grabbing a sixer of Coronas out of the fridge. As th door closes, she hears a familiar voice and turns to see
19) 3) dialog: Okay. Relax. Just be cool. (cheerful voice) Hey! How are you?! I’m a huge fan! Fuck... (beat) Oh my god! Hi! It’s me! Ingrid! No! Shut up! Just be yourself... A MOM pushing a stroller comes around the corner. She see Ingrid standing there with her eyes closed, muttering to herself, and immediately turns the other way. 25. Ingrid takes a deep breath and turns, opening her eyes. A she looks at the counter, her expression changes. HER POV - Taylor is gone.
20) 0) text: Ingrid rushes out of the store looking both ways. HER POV - We PAN AROUND frantically then ZOOM IN on Taylo across the street, walking into a store. Ingrid is about to cross the street when Pinto cruises by his pick-up truck, grinning, music thumping.
20) 2) dialog: Get out of the way! Pinto watches, confused, as Ingrid dashes across the busy intersection, cars honking as she runs past.
21) 0) text: An upscale Venice boutique. Taylor is browsing a table of knickknacks. Ingrid walks up, eyeing Taylor and pretendin to flip through a coffee table book about bread.
21) 1) dialog: Mmmm. This looks so bread. Ingrid winces, realizing her mistake. Taylor looks up.
21) 3) dialog: I mean good. This bread looks so good. (awkward) Sounds like somebody didn’t have their coffee this morning! Ingrid forces a laugh. Taylor smiles politely and looks away. Ingrid remains frozen, a grin plastered on her face
21) 4) dialog: I think I'll buy this. 26. Taylor pretends not to hear her. Ingrid approaches the register, glancing back at Taylor longingly.
22) 0) text: Taylor is walking with her earbuds plugged in, scrolling through her phone. In the background, we see Ingrid following her at a safe distance. EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Taylor opens the gate of her beautiful Craftsman house, checking the mail. There is an Airstream and a vintage Mercedes in the driveway. A dog YAPS from inside. Ingrid hides behind a parked car, watching Taylor as she enters her house. Ingrid pauses, noticing something. HER POV - Taylor’s dog, ROTHKO, sits at the window, panti EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT Taylor exits, followed by her husband, EZRA O'KEEFE, 33, sporting an impressive beard. They hop into Taylor's Mercedes and she backs out of the driveway.
22) 1) text: She watches them from the shadows of a nearby alleyway, holding an In-N-Out bag and sucking on a milkshake. Ingrid tip-toes up to the gate, looking both ways. Rothko appears at the window, BARKING incessantly. Ingrid crouch low, hurrying around the side of the house. She tries one the windows. Locked. Then another. Also locked. Ingrid continues around to the back of the house, trying every window until finally one OPENS revealing a small po room. Ingrid tries climbing inside but it’s too small.
22) 3) dialog: Here! Want some? Rothko stops barking and sits, eyes trained on the patty. Ingrid dangles the meat inside the window, just out of hi reach. Rothko JUMPS up and down, trying to get at it. 27.
22) 4) dialog: Come on, Rothko. Come on, boy... Ingrid grabs Rothko mid-jump, pulling him outside.
23) 0) text: ECU: Rothko’s face, barking incessantly. Ingrid stands above him, desperately trying to placate hi
23) 1) dialog: (hissing) Shh! Please stop barking! There’s a KNOCK at the front door. Ingrid looks startled. She grabs Rothko, looking around frantically, placing him the cabinet under the sink. She tosses an already-opened of Flamin’ Hot Cheetos inside and shuts the cabinet door.
23) 4) dialog: Nope.
23) 6) dialog: I was watching a movie. About dogs.
23) 8) dialog: Yes! Beethoven! Love that movie.
23) 10) dialog: My friend asked if I could dog-sit for a few days.
23) 12) dialog: Totally. It’s not my dog though.
23) 14) dialog: It’s only for one night. He won't come near you, I promise. (pouty face) Please? Pinto looks at Rothko, then back at Ingrid.
23) 16) dialog: Thanks, Dan. You’re the best. Pinto goes to leave, then quickly turns back around.
23) 18) dialog: (winces ) Ooh, this weekend? I don’t think I can.
23) 20) dialog: Yeah, no. Sorry. 29. Awkward beat. Pinto is disappointed but plays it off.
24) 0) text: ECU: A “MISSING DOG” poster with an artfully-shot photo o Rothko from Taylor’s Instagram is tacked to a telephone p REVEAL Ingrid staring at the poster. She rips it down and slips it into her purse, walking away quickly.
25) 0) text: Ingrid is on the phone, holding the MISSING DOG poster.
25) 2) dialog: Um, hi... I’m calling about your dog? I saw your poster --
25) 4) dialog: Yeah, he’s totally fine. Rothko is lying on the floor, chest heaving, surrounded b empty fast-food wrappers and Cheetos bags.
25) 6) dialog: Oh, I’m... stuck in traffic. Why don’t I swing by your place in, like, twenty minutes? 30.
25) 8) dialog: Great! See you then.
25) 10) dialog: Yep. Ready when you are.
26) 0) text: QUICK SHOTS of Ingrid styling her hair, putting on make-u slipping into a brand-new Rachel Comey dress... EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY Ingrid walks up to the front gate with Rothko in one arm her Claire Vivier clutch in the other. The door opens to reveal Taylor, wearing an embroidered w Mexican peasant dress and Birkenstock sandals.
26) 2) dialog: Ingrid.
26) 5) dialog: Oh, just... a few blocks from here. Ezra inspects Rothko’s eyes, looking concerned.
26) 9) dialog: (feigning surprise) Oh my God. So random.
26) 11) dialog: Oh, I can’t take your money.
26) 13) dialog: I’m just glad he’s okay. Really.
27) 0) text: Taylor and Ezra lead Ingrid through their house. It’s eve more perfect in real life -- Midcentury modern furniture, color-coordinated bookshelves, macrame plant hangers, Moroccan rugs, and tons of natural light.
27) 2) dialog: I’d love a Corona. Taylor laughs. Ingrid joins in on a slight delay.
27) 6) dialog: (so confused) Um... sure. INT. KITCHEN - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY Ingrid watches as Taylor pours freshly-made cocktails int copper mugs, adding muddled lime and a sprig of mint.
27) 9) dialog: I feel like I’m at a restaurant. Taylor smiles, handing the finished drink to Ingrid. 33.
27) 11) dialog: Holy shit. This is amazing. Taylor stares at Ingrid with a flicker of recognition.
27) 13) dialog: (nervous ) No. Definitely not.
27) 15) dialog: You mind if I use your bathroom? INT. HALLWAY - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY Ingrid wanders down the hallway towards the bathroom. She pauses, eyeing a cluster of photos on the wall. Each is of Taylor and Ezra in a different desirable location - a beach in Tulum, standing atop Machu Picchu, eating sush with Jiro, wearing costumes at Burning Man... Ingrid leans in closer, noticing a graduation photo of Ta and her brother, NICKY, a handsome puckish young dude. Ingrid notices an open door. She peers through the crack. HER POV - A bright, minimalist bedroom with a few art pie on the walls and even more books and plants. Ingrid scans the room like a Terminator, taking note of every detail. INT. BATHROOM - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY Ingrid turns the faucet on full blast. She throws back th shower curtain, opens the medicine cabinet and digs throu the trash can, snapping pictures with her phone. Perfume, shampoo, make-up, candles, feminine hygiene products -- 34. INT. KITCHEN - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Ingrid sits back down. Taylor snaps her finger, realizing
27) 17) dialog: I actually just moved here a week ago.
27) 23) dialog: I think you can tell a lot about a person based on what they like.
27) 29) dialog: What kind of stuff do you do? INT. GARAGE - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT A three-shot of Ingrid standing between Taylor and Ezra, staring thoughtfully at a painting out of frame.
27) 31) dialog: I love this. Taylor smiles at Ezra, squeezing his arm encouragingly.
27) 32) dialog: Are any of these for sale?
27) 35) dialog: How much is this one? 36. Ezra looks to Taylor for guidance.
27) 42) dialog: Yeah, you too. Ingrid lingers for a moment, not wanting to leave... Taylor’s phone BUZZES. She looks at it, frowning. 37.
27) 47) dialog: (concerned) Is everything okay? Taylor sighs, gesturing to the AIRSTREAM in the driveway.
27) 49) dialog: (blurting out) I have a truck. Taylor and Ezra look at Ingrid, surprised.
27) 51) dialog: No, really. I don’t mind.
27) 53) dialog: I was actually thinking of going out there soon anyway. I don’t really know anyone here yet and you both seem like nice people. 38. BEAT. Taylor smiles, warming to the idea.
27) 55) dialog: Perfect!
27) 58) dialog: Is this a bad time?
27) 60) dialog: (wincing) Can I borrow your truck?
27) 62) dialog: I actually need it this Saturday.
27) 64) dialog: Is there any way I could borrow it during the day? Without you? Pinto laughs, then realizes Ingrid isn’t joking. 39.
27) 66) dialog: Please? I’11 do anything. Pinto pauses to consider this, stroking his chin.
27) 69) dialog: No. Why?
27) 72) dialog: Dan, thank you so much. 40.
27) 74) dialog: Ingrid’s fine for now. Pinto puts his arm around her in a friendly but awkward w
28) 0) text: Pinto’s truck flies down the highway with Ingrid behind t wheel and the Airstream hitched to the back. She attempts change lanes and narrowly misses a HONKING SEDAN. I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY Ingrid drives with both hands gripping the wheel, looking stressed out. Taylor rides shotgun, scrolling through her Instagram mentions and firing off replies.
28) 2) dialog: You have a brother?
28) 6) dialog: Why’s that?
28) 8) dialog: I’m sure it’s nothing. Ingrid turns up the music but the CHIME is still audible.
28) 11) dialog: Oh no, those aren’t mine. Taylor picks up the vehicle registration, reading aloud.
28) 14) dialog: It’s not serious or anything.
28) 16) dialog: A little over a week?
29) 0) text: A picturesque 1950s-era homestead cabin surrounded by cac and desert flowers. The Airstream is parked out front. Ingrid and Taylor wander around the property, enjoying th outdoors and sipping fresh-squeezed lemonade from mason j
29) 1) dialog: This is heaven.
29) 3) dialog: Should we head back?
29) 6) text: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK - EVENING ECU: A fingernail with a tiny palm tree painted on it dip into the baggie of cocaine. The truck is parked outside a desert bar called PAPPY & HARRIET’S. Ingrid watches Taylor do a lady-like bump off nail, tipping her head back to sniff the drip like a pro.
29) 7) dialog: (alarmed) Do you do this a lot?
29) 9) dialog: Just Dan checking up on me.
29) 18) dialog: Spring break, bitches! Taylor looks ahead, eyes widening.
30) 0) text: Pinto’s truck is parked in the driveway with a HUGE SCRAT running down the entire passenger side. Taylor and Ingrid are sitting on the porch, wrapped in Na blankets. They pass a joint back and forth, both coming d hard. Ingrid stares at the damaged truck.
30) 1) dialog: Dan is gonna kill me.
30) 3) dialog: What do I say happened?
30) 5) dialog: Yeah, I guess you're right. Silence. Taylor takes a thoughtful drag and exhales.
30) 8) dialog: You really want to know?
30) 10) dialog: Pretty bad.
30) 12) dialog: Well, let’s see. My mom died about a year ago, so... that happened. Then my best friend decided not to invite me to her wedding and we had this big falling out. And if that wasn’t enough, my sister sold our mom’s house behind my back while I was still living there. Taylor is staring at Ingrid with a mix of pity and sadnes
30) 14) dialog: Sorry. Am I being too intense?
30) 16) dialog: Um, yes! Hello! Spilling my guts over here... 48. Taylor laughs, easing the tension.
30) 19) dialog: That is such a good idea.
30) 21) dialog: Okay. That sounds incredible and you need to do that right now.
30) 23) dialog: How did you come up with that?
30) 25) dialog: Why not? Taylor takes the joint and drags on it, sighing.
30) 28) dialog: (confused) I thought his paintings were really popular.
30) 30) dialog: Are you kidding? You’re perfect. Taylor laughs, faux-embarrassed.
30) 32) dialog: No, I’m serious. You’re by far the coolest, most interesting person I've ever met. Taylor cocks her head to the side, staring at Ingrid as i she just said something incredibly profound.
31) 0) text: Taylor is passed out on the couch, fast asleep, while Ing lies next to her, wide awake, watching her. She takes out her phone, snapping photo after photo of them together. 50. EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY Pinto’s truck rolls to a stop in front of the house. Tayl gives Ingrid a big warm hug. She pauses before she gets o
31) 2) dialog: Oh no, don’t worry about it.
31) 4) dialog: My lips are sealed.
31) 7) dialog: I’m so sorry. I can explain. Ingrid parks the car and jumps out. Pinto turns to the co
31) 10) dialog: My friend might have had, like, one cigarette -- 51.
31) 12) dialog: My friend Taylor. I told you she was coming with me.
31) 14) dialog: So... how was the table read?
31) 16) dialog: You can buff that right out. (no response) It was an honest mistake. (more silence) Don’t worry, I‘’1l pay for it. Pinto leans against the truck with his head down, fightin back tears. He bites his lip, trying to remain gangster.
31) 18) dialog: Well... we may have found something in the glove box --
31) 20) dialog: One thing led to another --
31) 24) dialog: I said I was sorry! Pinto looks away, shaking his head.
31) 27) dialog: Dear Erin. MUSIC CUE: MOZART’S “EXSULTATE, JUBILATE, K.165”
32) 0) text: QUICK SHOTS of Ingrid printing out the INSTAGRAM PHOTO of and Taylor, cutting it out and sliding the finished image into a standard-sized photo frame.
32) 1) dialog: You're probably wondering what I’ve been up to the last few weeks. 53.
33) 0) text: Ingrid is wearing a brand-new halterneck swimsuit, straw and sunglasses, reading Norman Mailer’s The Deer Park.
33) 1) dialog: Well, I decided to take your advice and give myself a fresh start in beautiful, sunny Los Angeles. Her phone BUZZES. She lifts her sunglasses, squinting at ON THE SCREEN - A text from Taylor reads: “Gallery openin tonight. Wanna come?” Ingrid replies with a Thumbs Up emo
34) 0) text: Through the front window, we see Taylor and Ezra introduc Ingrid to a bunch of hip L.A. people.
34) 1) dialog: L.A. is the best. I found an amazing house right by the beach and I can’t believe how nice and cool everyone is.
35) 0) text: Ingrid is having brunch with Taylor and a group of her girlfriends. Ingrid cracks a joke about their waiter and everyone laughs. She smiles, feeling a little boost.
35) 1) dialog: I’m making a ton of new friends.
36) 0) text: Taylor leads Ingrid through the store, helping her pick o stuff for her apartment. She hands Ingrid a ceramic penda lamp, gushing over how amazing it is. Ingrid waits until Taylor walks away then peeks at the price tag: $1,350.
36) 1) dialog: My friend Taylor’s been helping me explore my creative side, a part of myself I never knew existed. 54.
37) 0) text: The ceramic pendant lamp now hangs from the ceiling. The apartment has been transformed into a miniature version o Taylor's house, with Ezra’s “SQUAD GOALS” painting hangin prominently on the wall amidst books and hanging plants. Ingrid holds up her phone, snapping a photo of her space.
37) 1) dialog: Lately, I’ve been getting really into photography. IN QUICK CUTS we see Ingrid add a filter to the photo, po it to Instagram, and watch as it starts racking up ‘Likes
37) 2) dialog: You should follow me on Instagram. I have almost a thousand followers and I’m adding new ones every day. EXT. PINTO’S HOUSE - DAY Ingrid walks up to the front porch, leaving an envelope labeled “INGRID RENT” on the door mat.
37) 3) dialog: I have a boyfriend now too. His name is Dan and he’s an absurdly talented screenwriter. Ingrid walks away, glancing back over her shoulder. HER POV - Pinto is spying on her from a second-floor wind He quickly disappears behind the curtain.
37) 4) dialog: He’s writing the new Batman movie. How cool is that?
38) 0) text: Ingrid unzips the L.L. Bean backpack. There is noticeably less cash than before. Ingrid frowns and quickly zips it back up, trying not to think about it.
38) 1) dialog: Turns out you were right. All it took was some money and I finally have the life I always wanted. 55.
39) 1) dialog: With love, always... Ingrid. Ingrid pedals away on her bike, wearing a light-colored sundress, a bottle of rosé in her front basket. We hear L ROCK MUSIC blasting from an approaching car as -- A red Mustang convertible blows through the stop sign jus Ingrid is crossing the intersection. She swerves, crashin into a row of trash cans and flipping over the handlebars Ingrid sits up just in time to see the driver, a DUDE ina backwards “Make America Great Again” hat, speeding away.
39) 2) dialog: Fucking asshole! EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - LATER Ingrid walks up, flustered, her dress covered in dirt. Sh pauses, noticing the RED MUSTANG parked in the driveway. EXT. BACKYARD - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Ingrid enters to see Taylor laying out food on a small ta surrounded by floor pillows. Ezra is crouched in the corn flipping through a crate of LPs. Taylor looks up, concern
39) 4) dialog: Some idiot ran a stop sign and almost killed me. (re: Mustang) Whose car is that in the driveway? The screen door slams 0.S. Ingrid turns to see the DUDE i the Trump hat (NICKY SLOANE, 29) emerge from the house wearing Chubbies shorts and a Patagonia fleece, drinking from the carton. Ingrid freezes, instantly recognizing hi
39) 8) dialog: So nice to meet you. How long are you in town for?
39) 25) dialog: Actually, we’re supposed to see Willy Wonka at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery tomorrow. I already bought the tickets, so... Taylor looks crestfallen.
39) 31) dialog: (deflated) Oh, um... yeah, sure -- 59.
40) 0) text: Ingrid is sitting on her couch, sipping a Corona and scrolling through Instagram when she pauses. ON THE SCREEN - We see a PHOTO of Taylor, Nicky and HARLE CHUNG doing silly poses inside a candy-themed photo booth
41) 0) text: A swarm of people are seated on the lawn with chairs and picnic blankets, eating and drinking. A DJ spins music in front of a giant mausoleum that doubles as a movie screen Ingrid appears, sweaty and out of breath, holding a Navaj blanket. She frantically scans the crowd for Taylor. HER POV - Taylor, Ezra and Nicky are sitting in a VIP SEC filled with pillows, blankets and ATTRACTIVE L.A. PEOPLE.
41) 1) dialog: Hey guys! They all turn as Ingrid approaches. Taylor looks surprise
41) 3) dialog: Um... I invited you, remember? 60.
41) 5) dialog: Is it cool if I sit with you guys?
41) 11) dialog: Oh, Dan’s really busy with work stuff right now. He’s a writer --
41) 16) dialog: (cheery) Great. Sounds fun! Just then, a FRAT GUY stumbles by, accidentally spilling all over Harley’s dress without noticing. She gasps.
41) 31) dialog: Ingrid Thorburn? The security guard scans his list, shaking his head.
41) 33) dialog: Right, well... I’m not technically on the list but these are my friends, so --
42) 0) text: The screening is underway. Ingrid is sitting alone on the steps of a mausoleum, looking miserable.
42) 2) dialog: Hi Dan. Silence. Pinto looks past Ingrid, avoiding eye contact.
42) 4) dialog: Nothing. Just wanted to say hey.
42) 6) dialog: I brought you something. She produces a box from behind her back and hands it to Pinto. He reluctantly opens it, revealing a mint-conditio Batman Forever varsity bomber jacket. Pinto rolls his eye
42) 8) dialog: What? You don’t like it? 64.
42) 10) dialog: Check the front pocket. Pinto finds a JAR OF WEED in the pocket. He shakes his he
42) 12) dialog: Look, I’m trying, okay?
42) 14) dialog: Fine! You're right! I took advantage of you and I’m really sorry! I just wish we could start over and pretend like none of that stuff ever happened.
42) 16) dialog: Um... Sure. Pinto nods, considering this. He takes a quick vape hit.
43) 0) text: A cheesy tiki restaurant with bamboo and faux-Polynesian tchotchkes everywhere. Pinto and Ingrid are sitting ina booth wearing matching Batman Forever jackets and sharing Flaming Volcano with two straws.
43) 2) dialog: Oh my God. So sick. Pinto leans back, taking in the ambiance.
43) 4) dialog: You come here a lot?
43) 10) dialog: I’m sure she’s just really busy.
43) 12) dialog: Can I ask you something?
43) 14) dialog: Why do you like Batman so much?
43) 16) dialog: Really? That’s it? Pinto looks down, uncomfortable.
43) 18) dialog: Oh my God. I’m so sorry. I had no idea.
43) 20) dialog: Oh, I don’t really like Batman.
43) 22) dialog: Heart attack. (adding) She drank a lot. 67.
43) 24) dialog: Yeah. We were. It felt like I lost my best friend, you know? Ingrid shrugs it off, eyes welling with tears. Pinto look concerned. He scoots over to Ingrid’s side, consoling her
43) 25) dialog: (sniffing) God, listen to me. You must think I’m the worst.
44) 0) text: Ingrid and Pinto are having sweaty, alcohol-fueled sex. Ingrid lies face-down on the bed while Pinto jackhammers from behind. He pauses, catching his breath.
44) 2) dialog: What’s wrong?
44) 4) dialog: You want me to call you Bruce?
44) 6) dialog: Yeah, no, I got it. (turns back around) Fuck me, Bruce. Pinto resumes thrusting with renewed vigor.
44) 8) dialog: Gotham needs you.
44) 10) dialog: (sexy voice) Gotham needs you. (then) Meow.
44) 14) dialog: Thanks. So were you. (awkward) Hey, so... some friends of mine are going up to Malibu this weekend if you wanna come? Pinto looks conflicted.
44) 16) dialog: (surprised) Oh. Okay. Nevermind then. Ingrid rolls over on her side. Pinto looks panicked.
44) 18) dialog: You're the best, Dan. Pinto places his arms around her, stroking her skin.
44) 20) dialog: I'm pretty tired actually.
44) 22) dialog: Actually, um... Is it okay if you don’t sleep over tonight? I have trouble falling asleep when there's somebody else in bed with me.
44) 25) dialog: (distracted) Yep. Pinto stands there, nodding awkwardly, then quietly heads out. He pauses at the door, turning back and smiling. 70.
44) 27) dialog: Goodnight. Pinto exits. Ingrid sighs, feeling relieved.
45) 0) text: Pinto’s truck pulls up outside a beachfront house in Mali Ingrid jumps out followed by Pinto, who is now dressed exactly like Ezra in a felt hat, chambray shirt buttoned the way, white jeans, and a pair of Red Wings.
45) 1) dialog: Hurry up! We’re already late.
45) 3) dialog: Yes. It looks better like that. Don’t be such a baby.
45) 5) dialog: Let’s go over some ground rules. First, I kind of need you to act like you're my boyfriend.
45) 7) dialog: It’s a long story and I can’t really get into it right now but --
45) 9) dialog: Huh? 71.
45) 11) dialog: Um... okay, fine, whatever. Rule number two. No Batman talk.
45) 13) dialog: These people don’t care about superheroes, okay? They care about stuff that’s actually cool. Like food and clothes and Joan Didion.
45) 15) dialog: Yes. Whatever you do, stay away from Nicky.
45) 18) dialog: (hushed; to Pinto) Taylor’s brother. He’s a liar and a drug addict and he’s not to be trusted under any circumstances. (to Nicky) Hey! Sorry, bad traffic --
45) 20) dialog: Nicky, this is Dan Pinto. (no response) My “imaginary” boyfriend? Ingrid smiles. Nicky squints at Pinto, trying to place hi 72.
45) 26) dialog: Tell you what?
46) 0) text: Ingrid and Pinto are in the middle of a heated argument. Pinto is wearing Nicky’s hat for some reason.
46) 1) dialog: You told me your parents were dead!
46) 3) dialog: What was all that shit about you wearing a Batman mask to school?
46) 5) dialog: You're unbelievable.
46) 8) dialog: Totally! We were just talking about how incredible this place is.
46) 15) dialog: He’s only being nice to you because of your dad! Can’t you see that?! 74.
46) 17) dialog: Fine. You can hang out with him if you want. Just don’t embarrass me. (re: Trump hat) Where did you get that hat?
46) 19) dialog: Take it off. Now. Ingrid glares at Pinto. He sighs, taking it off.
47) 0) text: Ingrid comes downstairs to see Taylor and Harley making dinner in the kitchen. She pauses, eavesdropping.
47) 7) dialog: Hey! Either of you noble humans need a hand? Taylor and Harley turn, exchanging a confused look.
47) 9) dialog: Yeah, you know. The last lines of Deer Park? You said you were obsessed with it so I figured I should read it. So good!
48) 0) text: Dinner has ended and everyone is drinking around a crackl fire. Ingrid takes out her phone, punching in her passwor Feeling eyes on her, she looks up to see Nicky sitting ne to her, glancing over her shoulder. He turns away quickly
48) 23) dialog: Come on, guys. Do we really want to be sitting here in this amazing house just staring at our phones the whole night?
48) 30) dialog: (monotone) “Sorry, Bruce. If you play with cats, you’re bound to get scratched.” Pinto mouths along to this line, satisfied, as he scrolls
48) 34) dialog: I told him it needed more work.
48) 52) dialog: (standing) Me too.
49) 0) text: Ingrid is walking through the house, knocking on doors an peering inside.
49) 1) dialog: Ezra...? Hello...? 81. All the rooms are empty. As she heads for the stairs, she pauses, hearing VOICES coming from a nearby bedroom.
50) 0) text: Ingrid opens the door and freezes. Nicky and Pinto are hunched over, shirtless, chopping up gorilla fingers of c on Pinto’s Batman Forever CD case.
50) 1) dialog: What is going on here?!
50) 3) dialog: Is this yours?
50) 6) dialog: Getting rid of this shit.
50) 8) dialog: Do you know what would happen if your sister found out about this?! Just then, the door opens, revealing Taylor and Harley. Ingrid turns, frozen, still holding the bag of coke.
50) 11) dialog: What?! That is not true! Taylor shakes her head, disappointed.
51) 0) text: Ingrid comes downstairs, chasing after Taylor.
51) 1) dialog: Taylor, wait! I can explain!
51) 3) dialog: It was Dan’s! I had no idea!
51) 5) dialog: Nicky’s lying! I wasn’t doing any!
52) 0) text: Ingrid is sitting by herself, smoking a cigarette and sta out at the ocean, when she notices Ezra perched on a rock wearing a towel and drinking wine from the bottle.
52) 1) dialog: (squinting) Ezra...? Is that you? 83. He ignores her, taking another swig. Ingrid walks over.
52) 2) dialog: Where have you been? We’ve been looking for you all night.
52) 4) dialog: By yourself? Ezra says nothing. Ingrid sits down next to him.
52) 5) dialog: Is everything okay?
52) 7) dialog: Why would you say that? Your life is perfect. Silence. Ezra stares off into space.
52) 9) dialog: Hey, come on. Don’t listen to him. I think your paintings are awesome.
52) 11) dialog: (confused) I thought Taylor said they were really popular.
52) 15) dialog: Yeah. I know what you mean. (confessing) When we were in Joshua Tree she told me this secret and she said not to tell anyone, but then I heard her telling the exact same thing to Harley earlier tonight.
52) 17) dialog: Okay, don’t tell her I told you, but... she wants to buy the house next door to you guys and turn it into some hotel-slash-store thing called... Desert D’Or.
52) 19) dialog: It’s from her favorite book. The Deer Park. Which fucking sucks by the way. Ezra laughs to himself, shaking his head.
52) 20) dialog: Why are you laughing?
52) 28) dialog: (blushing) Aw, thanks. So are you. A sweet moment. Ezra smiles at her, his gaze lingering a beat too long. Ingrid looks down, noticing Ezra’s hand making its way up her thigh, towards her crotch --
52) 29) dialog: Ezra... He leans in suddenly, kissing her on the mouth. Ingrid pauses, stunned, then pushes him away.
52) 30) dialog: What is wrong with you?! Ezra freezes, looking stunned.
52) 32) dialog: What?! Why would you think that?!
53) 0) text: Ingrid comes downstairs, rubbing her eyes, to see Taylor making coffee and cleaning up from the night before.
53) 1) dialog: Morning.
53) 3) dialog: Did Ezra ever come home last night? Taylor sighs, wiping her brow.
53) 5) dialog: Nope.
53) 9) dialog: Oh my God. That’s horrible. (extends her arms) Come here. Taylor leans in for a hug. Ingrid wraps her arms around h
53) 11) dialog: No, I’m the one who should be sorry. I had no idea my boyfriend was such a loser. They glance out at the deck, where Pinto is passed out on ground wrapped in a Garfield blanket.
53) 12) dialog: So what’s the plan for today?
53) 14) dialog: (slightly disappointed) Oh... Okay.
53) 16) dialog: Great! Sounds good. Ingrid turns away, a tiny smile forming on her face. I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY Pinto and Ingrid are driving in hungover silence. Ingrid unplugs her phone and powers it on. She pauses, frowning. ON THE SCREEN - The background image is a PHOTO of Nicky doing the “eat pussy” gesture with his fingers. 88. Ingrid turns to Pinto, confused.
53) 17) dialog: Did you change the background on my phone?
53) 19) dialog: I think I have someone’s else's phone. Can you try calling me? Pinto dials Ingrid’s number. Waits a beat.
53) 21) dialog: (suddenly anxious) We have to go back.
53) 23) dialog: Well what the hell am I supposed to do without my phone, Dan?!
53) 27) dialog: Taylor?! Hey! It’s Ingrid. Have you seen my phone anywhere? I think I may have left it there.
53) 29) dialog: You did? Thank God...
53) 31) dialog: Nicky...?
54) 0) text: Ingrid walks up. There is a note taped to the door that reads: “Mélisse, 8 PM. Love, Nicky :-)"
55) 0) text: A fancy French restaurant. Ingrid enters to see Nicky sea at a table with an array of food, talking to a WAITER and consulting a wine list. He looks up as she approaches.
55) 2) dialog: Uh... I’m good, thanks.
55) 8) dialog: Where’s my phone, Nicky?
55) 10) dialog: Give it back. Ingrid reaches for her phone but Nicky yanks it away.
55) 12) dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
55) 14) dialog: Look, I’m not a bad person, okay? I just want to be her friend. Can I please have my phone back? Nicky winces, sucking air.
55) 16) dialog: (sighs) How much do you want?
55) 18) dialog: Once a week? For how long?
55) 20) dialog: I don’t have that kind of money. 92.
55) 22) dialog: I can pay you the five grand but that’s it.
55) 24) dialog: Fine. Now can I have my phone back, please? Nicky smiles. He slides her phone across the table.
56) 0) text: Ingrid rides her bike home, looking spun out. She pauses a stoplight and stares up at a billboard. HER POV - A battered woman’s face with the caption, “IF Y CAN SEE IT, YOU CAN CHANGE IT. DON’T TURN A BLIND EYE.” She hears laughter nearby, noticing a group of TEENAGE BO smoking weed at a playground across the street.
57) 0) text: The boys all look up, whispering as Ingrid approaches.
57) 2) dialog: I‘'1l give one of you two hundred bucks to punch me in the face. Silence, then... the boys burst out laughing.
57) 4) dialog: If you pussies can’t handle it I'll find someone else. The boys all shake their heads, muttering to themselves. Ingrid is about to leave when one the boys steps forward.
57) 7) dialog: (to Tall Boy) You ready?
57) 10) dialog: Hit me as hard as you can. Right in the face. The Tall Boy readies himself, having second thoughts.
57) 13) dialog: That all you got, bitch?
57) 16) dialog: -- when I got home, I turned on the lights and Nicky was there waiting for me. He seemed drunk or on drugs or something. I asked him for my phone back but he wouldn’t give it to me. He said he wanted fifty thousand dollars.
57) 18) dialog: I told him I didn’t have that kind of cash, but he didn’t believe me. He said you told him about the money my mom left me. (hurt) Is that true? Pinto is speechless.
57) 20) dialog: Dan! Why would you do that?! I told you how dangerous he was!
57) 22) dialog: No! He said he’d kill me if I told anyone. Please. You don’t know what he’s capable of.
57) 24) dialog: No, Dan. Believe me, I don’t like this any more than you do but if we're going to do something we have to be smart about it. Pinto looks at Ingrid, intrigued. 96.
57) 27) dialog: You're asking me this now? After I just bought a thousand dollars worth of cocaine? Yes, I’m sure.
57) 29) dialog: You’1l be in and out in two minutes. Just break into his car, plant the drugs, and leave. Pinto pulls on a BATMAN MASK and picks up a crowbar.
58) 2) dialog: (annoyed) Yes, Dan. I can hear you. Pinto arrives at Nicky’s car. He notices Nicky has left h driver's side window slightly cracked. 97.
58) 4) dialog: Copy that. Great work, Dan.
58) 6) dialog: Wait, what? No. Keep your radio on. Hello? Dan...?! Ingrid sighs. She puts down the walkie-talkie and picks u her phone, dialing 9-1-1. The EMERGENCY OPERATOR answers.
58) 8) dialog: (frantic) Help! I’m at the Jolly Roger Motel in Marina Del Rey and there’s a man dealing drugs out of his car! It’s a red Ford Mustang convertible!
58) 10) dialog: Oh my god, he has a gun! Hurry! Ingrid hangs up the phone and smiles. Pinto rolls up his sleeve and squeezes his arm through th window, tossing the bag of coke onto the driver’s seat.
58) 12) dialog: Use the crowbar! 98. But Pinto can’t hear her. Ingrid notices something out he window and her expression falls. She slides down in her seat, peering over the steering wheel to see --
58) 14) dialog: (hissing; into radio) Dan! Abort! Abort mission! Not knowing what else to do, Ingrid HONKS the horn. Nicky pauses, hearing the car horn. He looks around, seei Pinto with his arm stuck in the car window.
58) 17) dialog: (covering her mouth) Oh my God! CLOSE on Nicky as he pulverizes Pinto with a string of relentless punches. The girl comes running over.
59) 0) text: Pinto is lying in a hospital bed, unconscious, wearing a brace, his forehead wrapped in bandages and a tube sticki out of his mouth. An EKG machine BEEPS continuously. Ingrid is sitting next to his bed, watching a commercial TV for Dominos Cinna Stix. Her phone RINGS. It’s Taylor.
59) 1) dialog: (excited) Hey, girl! What’s up?
59) 3) dialog: I was... just checking in. Hadn't heard from you in a few days so --
59) 5) dialog: What’s wrong?
59) 7) dialog: Oh my God. Have you talked to him?
59) 9) dialog: Taylor, I am so sorry. Do you want to grab a coffee and talk about it?
59) 11) dialog: Okay. Feel better -- CLICK. Ingrid hangs up, feeling uncertain. I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK - DAY Ingrid is sitting in Pinto’s truck, wearing the same clot from the night before, eating a box of Dominos Cinna Stix HER POV - She is parked across the street from Taylor's house. Taylor’s car is gone and the curtains are drawn. Ingrid looks at her phone, refreshing her Instagram feed. ON THE SCREEN - A recent INSTAGRAM PHOTO of Taylor’s Josh Tree house with the caption:
60) 0) text: We are inside the house looking out through the sliding g doors leading out to the patio. Ingrid appears, pressing face against the glass and peering inside. She KNOCKS twi
60) 1) dialog: (muffled) Hello?!
61) 0) text: Ingrid walks up to the Airstream and KNOCKS on the door. tries the handle and it opens. She peeks inside. HER POV - The trailer is empty, its contents undisturbed. Ingrid sighs, frustrated. She checks her phone again. ON THE SCREEN - A recent INSTAGRAM PHOTO of Taylor at Pap Harriet’s holding a margarita with the caption:
61) 2) dialog: Hey girl! Saw your Instagram. I’m actually in Joshua Tree with some friends for a yoga retreat. Wanna hang later? Dancing Ladies Emoji. She hits SEND and downs the rest of her drink. EXT. ROY’S MOTEL & CAFE - DAY Ingrid stands in front of the sign, talking on the phone. 102.
61) 3) dialog: Hey! It’s Ingrid. I’m at Roy’s right now. Remember when we took that picture? So fun. (awkward beat) Anyway... just wondering if you got my text message. Still haven't heard from you. Hope everything's okay. Talk to you later!
62) 0) text: Ingrid is sitting in their driveway. Her thumb hovers ove Taylor’s name, debating whether or not to call again. She presses the CALL button. A beat as it rings, then --
62) 2) dialog: Ezra! Hey! Where are you guys?
62) 4) dialog: Oh. Well, I saw on Taylor’s Instagram that you guys were in Joshua Tree and I’m actually here randomly on a yoga retreat so I thought maybe we could --
62) 6) dialog: You're not?
62) 8) dialog: What do you mean?
62) 10) dialog: Ezra, put Taylor on the phone.
62) 12) dialog: Okay, well... should I call back tomorrow?
62) 14) dialog: Ezra, wait -- (click) Hello...? Ezra? The line is dead. We HOLD on Ingrid’s face for a long bea as she tries to process what just happened...
62) 17) dialog: Hey. It’s Ingrid. I just hada weird call with Ezra and I feel like we should talk about this. I don’t know what Nicky said to you but... he’s lying. The fact is, he’s a drug addict and he can’t be trusted, so... (beat) Call me back. (quick beat) It’s Ingrid.
62) 20) dialog: Hey! Me again! Still haven't heard back. I’m starting to worry. This isn’t like you. Call me!
62) 23) dialog: You think you’re so cool, huh? (Taylor voice) Ooh, look at me. I’m Taylor. I take lots of pictures and my life is so perfect... NOT. Turns out, I’m a huge bitch who won't admit that my brother’s a criminal and my husband is a sad loser who still uses a flip-phone. I saved your dog's life! The least you could do is pick up your fucking phone!
62) 25) dialog: Hey! Sorry about that last message. I was just kidding... Gotcha! I’11 be around for the next hour or so if you wanna talk -- (beep) Oh, hang on, you're beeping in. (perking up) Hey!
62) 29) dialog: (a whisper) I’m fine. Thanks. She starts her car. As Ingrid pulls away, she notices the empty house next to Taylor and Ezra’s place and stops. HER POV - There is a “FOR SALE” sign in the front yard wi photo of a long-haired man in a grey suit and bolo tie. INT. REALTOR’S OFFICE - DAY Ingrid sits across from the realtor in the photo, GARTH LAFAYETTE, 60s, long hair, grey suit and bolo tie.
62) 31) dialog: 22 Flamingo Lane.
62) 33) dialog: I don’t want another property. I want that one. Garth looks at her for a beat, puzzled. He chuckles. 106.
62) 35) dialog: It’s all the money I have. Please. Garth leans back in his chair, scratching his chin.
63) 0) text: ECU: The “FOR SALE” sign now has a “SOLD” slapped across Ingrid is unloading her things from Pinto’s truck when sh HEARS a screen-door slam. She looks up to see Taylor storming across the yard towards her. Ingrid waves, beami
63) 1) dialog: Hey! There you are! I’ve been trying to reach you all week --
63) 3) dialog: I bought it for both of us.
63) 5) dialog: I figured we could join forces.
63) 7) dialog: Um, hello? Desert D’Or. Our little secret, remember?
63) 9) dialog: We are friends!
63) 11) dialog: Okay, I think we’re both feeling a little emotional right now. Why don’t we go to Pappy’s, have a margarita and just talk about this? Taylor turns to leave.
63) 12) dialog: Taylor, wait! (beat) I really didn’t want to have to be the one to say this but... Ezra cheated on you. Taylor turns around, stunned.
63) 14) dialog: He tried to finger me in Malibu. He made me promise not to tell you, but I just don’t want to see you get hurt. Taylor backs away. She looks like she’s about to cry.
63) 16) dialog: I'll be right here if you need me!
64) 0) text: Ingrid sits on the floor, looking through her back window with a pair of binoculars, eating popcorn from a bag. HER POV - Through the back window, we can SEE Taylor and having a heated argument. Ezra storms outside, gets into car and speeds off. Taylor collapses on the couch, sobbin 108.
65) 0) text: The door opens. Ingrid steps outside and freezes. HER POV - Pinto’s truck has been keyed with various curse words and derogatory terms for the female anatomy. Ingrid turns, looking back at the house. A WIDER ANGLE reveals the words “EAT SHIT AND DIE” have a been spray-painted across the entire front of the house i the same font that Ezra used in his artwork. MUSIC CUE: THE LOUVIN BROTHERS “SATAN IS REAL”
66) 0) text: We TRACK through the living room, revealing the place is Grey Gardens-style mess. The house is falling apart and there are clothes and fast food wrappers strewn around. Dirty dishes are piled in the sink and swarming with flie REVEAL Ingrid sitting on the toilet, talking on the phone She has no make-up on, her hair is a mess and she’s weari designer dress covered in food stains.
66) 1) dialog: I sent you a check two weeks ago.
66) 3) dialog: Look, just give me one more week.
66) 5) dialog: Asshole. She reaches for the toilet paper but the roll is empty. S sighs, looking around for something she can use. 109. HER POV - Her vintage copy of Joan Didion’s The White Alb is sitting on the floor.
67) 0) text: Ingrid is at the register. A teenage CASHIER rings her up
68) 0) text: Ingrid gets out of the truck with her grocery bag, confus
68) 1) dialog: What are you guys doing here?
68) 3) dialog: Didn't you get my letter?
68) 5) dialog: Things have been pretty crazy. (quick beat) How did you find me?
68) 7) dialog: Just some groceries. CLOSE on the plastic bag which contains a six-pack of Cor and nothing else. Ingrid looks uncomfortable.
68) 8) dialog: Come on in. I’11 give you the tour. Ingrid heads inside. Keith and Erin exchange a look.
69) 0) text: Ingrid unpacks her “groceries” while Erin and Keith take look around, reacting to the squalor.
69) 1) dialog: Sorry about the mess. I’ve been doing all the renovations myself. (pause) Can I get you guys anything?
69) 3) dialog: My water’s on the fritz right now. How ‘bout a Corona instead? Ingrid pops the tops off of three bottles of Corona and h one to Erin and Keith, smiling.
69) 4) dialog: Cheers! Welcome to Cali. (they clink) So... how’s Logan? An uncomfortable silence. Ingrid takes a long swig.
69) 6) dialog: Why would you be worried about me?
69) 8) dialog: You’re the one who told me to start over.
69) 11) dialog: I am home.
69) 13) dialog: You know what? We’re done here. So nice of you to drop by.
69) 15) dialog: Oh, now you want to help me?
69) 17) dialog: You didn’t seem so eager to help me when mom got sick. Erin looks stunned.
69) 19) dialog: Bullshit. You did everything you could for yourself. You’re so selfish it makes me wanna puke. 112.
69) 21) dialog: No, you left me to clean up the mess. You abandoned us.
69) 23) dialog: Oh. Now I get it. (then) Well if I’m so crazy, then why you don’t you do us all a favor and stay the fuck out of my life?
69) 25) dialog: You heard me. Get the fuck out. Keith ushers Erin outside, shaking his head at Ingrid. We HOLD on Ingrid for a long moment, feeling guilty...
69) 26) dialog: Erin, wait -- She opens the front door in time to see Erin and Keith pulling away. Ingrid watches them drive off, looking sad.
70) 0) text: Ingrid is sitting in the dark, staring at her phone, her illuminated by the light of the screen. ON THE SCREEN - She is posting an OLD PHOTO of her and he Mom on Halloween. Ingrid is dressed as Dorothy and her mo is on the couch, looking frail, dressed as the Wicked Wit
70) 1) dialog: Happy Birthday, Mom. Hashtag TBT. 113. She is about to hit the ‘SHARE’ button when the screen suddenly goes blank. The battery icon appears.
70) 2) dialog: No no no no no... She jams her thumb on the home button repeatedly.
70) 3) dialog: Come on. Please. Ingrid tries plugging the phone into the wall but nothing happens. She tries one of the light switches. Nothing. Ingrid collapses onto the floor, moaning. The house is eerily quiet. A beat, then -- We HEAR voices, music and laughter drifting across the backyard. Ingrid looks up, peering through the blinds. HER POV - Taylor is having a Halloween party. The lights on and there are people in costumes, drinking and dancing
71) 0) text: A costume party is underway. MUSIC blasts as Ingrid enter wearing a sheet with eye holes, weaving through the crowd She finds an outdoor outlet and plugs in her phone, notic a platter of tiny sandwiches on the table next to her. Sh grabs one and lifts her sheet, devouring it quickly. Ingrid stuffs a few more into her pocket and is about to for the bar when she hears a familiar voice. She turns. HER POV - Taylor is standing nearby, dressed as Cher from Clueless and talking to Harley who is dressed as Dionne. Ingrid tries to quickly walk past them when someone steps her sheet, pulling it off her in one fell swoop. She scrambles to cover herself when Taylor looks over, confus
71) 2) dialog: Hey, Taylor. Happy Halloween.
71) 4) dialog: The music was really loud, so... if you wouldn't mind keeping it down, I have an important meeting tomorrow, SO...
71) 6) dialog: (sadly) What the fuck do you care? A dude starts filming the confrontation with his phone. Ezra appears from inside, sporting a new short haircut an moustache and dressed as Bernie from Weekend at Bernie’s.
71) 9) dialog: (re: Ezra) You're still with this guy?
71) 13) dialog: I know, I saw your Instagram. Congratulations. 115.
71) 15) dialog: Ezra told me everything, you know. How you used to dress like a sorority girl. How your favorite band was Coldplay. How when you moved here you didn’t have any friends. You were just like me. Ezra says nothing. Taylor looks at Ingrid with pity.
71) 17) dialog: If you could keep the music down I'd really appreciate it. Ingrid walks back towards her house. She pauses, turning around. Everyone watches as she walks across the entire party and unplugs her phone.
71) 18) dialog: Forgot my phone. Ingrid exits once again. A long beat, then -- Everyone resumes dancing and partying as if nothing happe We TRACK with Ingrid as she walks across the desert, the party continuing behind her, tears running down her cheek
72) 0) text: ECU: A cheap tealight candle being lit with a match. Ingrid is seated on the floor of her now-spotless living room, surrounded by lit candles. She stares at her phone. POV —- THROUGH AN IPHONE CAMERA We are CLOSE on Ingrid’s face as she presses the red RECO button on an Instagram video. She takes a deep breath. 116.
72) 1) dialog: They say that friends are the family you choose, but... What if the people you choose don’t choose you? (pause) I thought moving to L.A. would be my chance to start over. A chance to live the life I always wanted -- The video STOPS at the 15-second limit. Ingrid sighs. She presses ‘Share’ and hits the record button again.
72) 2) dialog: I thought if I made my life seem perfect and happy, maybe someone would choose me, but... it didn’t matter. I guess the problem is me. The only person who ever chose me is gone now, so... why even bother? (pause) I’m so tired -- The video STOPS recording.
72) 3) dialog: shit! Ingrid presses ‘Share’ and hits the record button again.
72) 4) dialog: I'm tired of having to pretend to be something I’m not. I guess the reason I’m doing this is because I wanted to show people the real me, if only this one time. So... (shrugs ) Here I am. Silence. Ingrid picks up a bottle of prescription pills a dumps it into her mouth, washing it down with a Corona an wincing. She hits the ‘Share’ button and sets down her ph Ingrid lies back onto the floor, surrounded by candles, a presses play on her laptop. Seal’s “KISS FROM A ROSE” pla She sets up the framed Instagram photo of her and Taylor smiles at it one last time. She leans her head back and closes her eyes, drifting away, finally at peace...
73) 0) text: CLOSE on Ingrid’s eyes. After a beat, they flutter open.. HER POV - A NURSE is hovering over us, smiling warmly.
73) 2) dialog: (groggy) Where’s my phone...? Ingrid glances around the room. It is filled with FLOWERS BALLOONS, CARDS and STUFFED ANIMALS.
73) 3) dialog: (re: gifts) What’s this?
73) 5) dialog: Taylor...? We HEAR the sound of a motorized wheelchair coming down t hall. DAN PINTO enters, wearing a halo brace. He smiles.
73) 9) dialog: You still follow me? Pinto looks at her as if he doesn’t understand the questi
73) 14) dialog: You sold it?
73) 16) dialog: That’s great, Dan. I’m really happy for you. Pinto frowns, sensing something is not right. 119.