39) 5) dialog: God I love L.A. I just saw two homeless chicks on the street duking it out bumfight-style. Nicky notices Ingrid and stares at her, confused. 56. NICKY (CONT’D) Who are you?
39) 7) dialog: ‘Sup. Ingrid flashes Nicky a tight-lipped smile.
39) 9) dialog: (shrugs ) Haven't decided yet. I figure at least a few weeks.
39) 13) dialog: -- so I’m in the Ritz lobby minding my own business, when I happen to strike up a conversation with this Chinese billionaire named Bruno.
39) 15) dialog: Anyway, next thing I know, we’re at some random wedding with our shirts off, having a push-up contest. I’m winning, obviously, when all of a sudden the groom’s dad grabs us from behind and jacks us up by our throats like he’s Darth Vader or some shit. So I decide it’s a good idea to take a swing at him --
39) 17) dialog: (raises his right hand) Scout’s honor. Of course the cops show up and everyone scatters. I end up hitching a ride to the airport only to realize I left my credit card at the hotel. So there I am, stranded at De Gaulle with my dick in my hand, when who do I see? Nicky pulls his eyes into two slits. NICKY (CONT’D) Herro, Nicky! Ingrid blanches. Taylor’s smile fades a little. Ezra look like he’s had enough, standing up.
39) 19) dialog: Anyway, this little fucker Bruno is so grateful to me for showing hima good time, he buys me a first class ticket to L.A. I watched twelve hours of Family Guy and got a hand- job from some fashion chick named Harley something or other --
39) 21) dialog: Bingo. That’s the one. 58.
39) 23) dialog: We're having dinner tomorrow night at the Chateau if you wanna join?
39) 27) dialog: Hey, no worries. You guys should totally go see a forty year old dogshit kids movie at a cemetery instead. That sounds way more fun. Ingrid blushes, feeling embarrassed.
39) 29) dialog: I was joking! I’m sure you can meet her some other time. Taylor turns to Ingrid with an apologetic smile.
39) 32) dialog: (to Taylor) Hey, remember that girl from Andover who looked exactly like Gene Wilder?
40) 0) text: Ingrid is sitting on her couch, sipping a Corona and scrolling through Instagram when she pauses. ON THE SCREEN - We see a PHOTO of Taylor, Nicky and HARLE CHUNG doing silly poses inside a candy-themed photo booth
41) 0) text: A swarm of people are seated on the lawn with chairs and picnic blankets, eating and drinking. A DJ spins music in front of a giant mausoleum that doubles as a movie screen Ingrid appears, sweaty and out of breath, holding a Navaj blanket. She frantically scans the crowd for Taylor. HER POV - Taylor, Ezra and Nicky are sitting in a VIP SEC filled with pillows, blankets and ATTRACTIVE L.A. PEOPLE.
41) 8) dialog: What up, Ingrid? Where’s your imaginary boyfriend? Taylor punches Nicky’s arm, whispering.
41) 12) dialog: (singing) Oompa loompa doopity doo, I lied about my boyfriend to you. Harley laughs. Ingrid’s smile vanishes. 61.
41) 14) dialog: No no, go ahead, Ezra. Invite whoever the fuck you want.
41) 17) dialog: Hey! Watch where you're going, jackoff! The frat guy turns, realizing.
41) 19) dialog: You call that an apology?
41) 21) dialog: Can you see me now?
41) 23) dialog: Sorry. Didn’t see you there, dude. Taylor quickly pulls Nicky away, holding him back. 62.
41) 25) dialog: He started it. A SECURITY GUARD with a clipboard comes lumbering over.
45) 17) dialog: Yo, Thorburn! They turn to see Nicky walking up from the beach, wearing Trump hat and neon swim trunks, carrying a bunch of firew
45) 19) dialog: (re: Pinto) Who’s this fuggin guy?
45) 21) dialog: Wait... Dan Pinto? From Chicago?
45) 23) dialog: You're Mark Pinto’s son, aren't you?
45) 25) dialog: Get the fuck out! Thorburn, why didn’t you tell me? Ingrid looks between Pinto and Nicky with a confused smil
45) 27) dialog: Your boyfriend’s dad runs one of the biggest hedge funds in the world. He pulled in over three hundred mil last year. Dude’s a fucking Viking. Ingrid stares at Pinto, who now has a guilty look on his face. He glances awkwardly up at the sky.
46) 0) text: Ingrid and Pinto are in the middle of a heated argument. Pinto is wearing Nicky’s hat for some reason.
46) 12) dialog: Pinto! Get your ass down here! I got a Cohiba with your name on it!
47) 11) dialog: Who wants to go skinny dipping?! Nicky pulls down his trunks, revealing a MANGINA. Taylor Harley burst out laughing as Nicky prances around the roo like Mick Jagger. Ingrid looks isolated and miserable.
48) 0) text: Dinner has ended and everyone is drinking around a crackl fire. Ingrid takes out her phone, punching in her passwor Feeling eyes on her, she looks up to see Nicky sitting ne to her, glancing over her shoulder. He turns away quickly
48) 5) dialog: I just don’t think you’d be saying that if they had one of your paintings up on their walls. Ezra pauses, looking flustered.
48) 12) dialog: Fuck that Hollywood bullshit. We're all friends here. Give us your elevator pitch. Pinto looks at Ingrid, not sure what to say.
48) 17) dialog: I always thought the third movie was the most underrated.
48) 19) dialog: So when can I read this thing?
48) 21) dialog: Let’s do that shit right now. You have it on you?
48) 27) dialog: Sorry, Thorburn. Majority rules. Pinto is psyched. Ingrid looks at Taylor, feeling betraye
48) 32) dialog: Holy shit, Pinto.
48) 35) dialog: No. It’s fucking incredible.
48) 39) dialog: I got one note. You ready for it?
48) 41) dialog: You gotta lose the Batman shit. Pinto’s smile fades. A deafening silence.
48) 43) dialog: No. Fuck no. This is a movie about discovering your true identity in a world where everybody wears masks. Don’t get me wrong, that stuff kills, but I’m just gonna go ahead and assume that you don’t own the rights to the Batman franchise.
48) 45) dialog: So just change all the names and you've got a completely original script on your hands. (shrugs ) But hey, what do I know? You’re the artist. I’m just a fan. Pinto is scrambling to type all of this into his phone.
48) 47) dialog: I don’t like to talk shop in mixed company. What do you say we continue this conversation in private over some fine Cuban cigars? Excuse us, ladies. Nicky leads Pinto away. Taylor looks around, confused.
50) 0) text: Ingrid opens the door and freezes. Nicky and Pinto are hunched over, shirtless, chopping up gorilla fingers of c on Pinto’s Batman Forever CD case.
50) 2) dialog: What’s it look like, Thorburn? Keep your voice down. Nicky snorts a line, rapidly pumping his fist. Ingrid sho Pinto a look, grabbing the bag of coke and holding it up.
50) 7) dialog: Whoa, whoa, hang on --
50) 10) dialog: Pinto and I were just talking about the script when Ingrid came in and started racking lines -- 82.
54) 0) text: Ingrid walks up. There is a note taped to the door that reads: “Mélisse, 8 PM. Love, Nicky :-)"
55) 0) text: A fancy French restaurant. Ingrid enters to see Nicky sea at a table with an array of food, talking to a WAITER and consulting a wine list. He looks up as she approaches.
55) 1) dialog: Thorburn! You made it. Have a seat. You prefer red or white?
55) 3) dialog: No, no. I insist. (to Waiter) What’s your most expensive bottle?
55) 5) dialog: And how much is that?
55) 7) dialog: Perfect. The Waiter scuttles off. Ingrid takes a seat across from him, watching as Nicky garnishes a plate of oysters. NICKY (CONT’D) I don’t know about you but I could really use a drink right about now.
55) 9) dialog: Phone? What phone? (quick beat) Oh, you mean this? He pulls out Ingrid’s phone from his pocket. NICKY (CONT’D) Funny. My sister has the exact same case. You guys are so similar it’s almost... creepy.
55) 11) dialog: I gotta hand it to you, that was a bold move, convincing Ezra to throw me out on my ass like that.
55) 13) dialog: Come on, Thorburn. You might have my sister fooled but not me. That’s the thing about Taylor. She only wants to see the best in people. Me? I’m the exact opposite. I knew you were bad news from the moment I saw you. And now I have proof. Ingrid watches as Nicky punches in her password. 91. NICKY (CONT’D) It’s amazing how much you can learn about someone just by looking through their phone. (swiping through) Here's a picture of you with my sister’s dog. Here’s the inside of her medicine cabinet. Here’s one of her sleeping. There’s a lot of those. But my personal favorite are the notes. These really kill me. (reading) “Taylor’s favorite brunch spots” “Taylor's favorite books” “Taylor's favorite music”... This one’s just called “TAYLOR” and is basically a list of everything she owns --
55) 15) dialog: Can’t do it, Ingrid. This is just too good an opportunity to pass up. You're fucked here no matter what. So here’s the deal. I’m not gonna give you your phone back, but... I would consider renting it to you. For a nominal fee, of course.
55) 17) dialog: You pay me, let’s say... five grand once a week and I promise not to tell my sister and everyone else in L.A. what a fucking loser you are.
55) 19) dialog: What do you mean? For however long you want your friendship with my sister to continue.
55) 21) dialog: Sure you do. Disco Dan told me all about your dead mom and your backpack full of cash. Makes sense. How else could someone with no job afford to drop everything and move to L.A. Ingrid swallows, panicking.
55) 23) dialog: This isn’t a negotiation, Ingrid. Ingrid stares at Nicky, shaking her head in disbelief.
55) 25) dialog: I’m staying at the Jolly Roger down by the marina. Room 237. The waiter appears, presenting the bottle of expensive wi
55) 27) dialog: Thanks, boss. I got this. The waiter leaves the bottle on the table and exits. Nick pours a glass and holds it up to his nose, inhaling deepl NICKY (CONT’D) Cheers. Nicky downs the entire glass. He grabs the bottle of wine and stands, motioning to all of the half-eaten food. NICKY (CONT’D) This one’s on you by the way. Nicky exits, whistling to himself. We HOLD on Ingrid, eye burning with hatred... 93.
58) 13) dialog: -- walking up with a RANDOM COLLEGE GIRL, drunk and laugh Ingrid picks up the walkie-talkie, panicking.
58) 15) dialog: Holy shit. That’s my car, you son of a bitch! Nicky starts sprinting towards his car at full speed. Pinto turns just in time to see Nicky running towards him