8) 11) text: CLOSE on the photo of TAYLOR SLOANE, 29. Her elegant beau is offset by an effortless style and laid-back warmth. CLOSE on Ingrid’s face. Something inside her has shifted. She is transfixed. Who is this perfect-looking creature? INT. NURSERY - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - MINUTES LATER Ingrid is in bed with her phone and a towel around her he ON THE SCREEN - She types the name “Taylor Sloane” into t Instagram search bar. Her handle pops up - @welltaylored. Ingrid opens Taylor's profile. She has 267K followers.
8) 14) text: A PHOTO of Taylor on a beach in Malibu, wearing a haltern swimsuit and covering her face with her hands --
8) 15) dialog: “Live in the sunshine, swim in the sea, drink the wild air.” Ralph Waldo Emerson. A SLOW-MO VIDEO of her dog, ROTHKO, hanging out the windo an old Mercedes, tongue flapping, speeding through L.A. -
8) 16) dialog: My muse. Hashtag Rothko The Dog. A PHOTO of the sun setting over a perfectly-restored dese cabin in Joshua Tree --
8) 17) dialog: There is science, logic and reason. And then there is... California. A VIDEO of a TALL HANDSOME GUY with long ombre hair (EZRA setting off bottle rockets on a rooftop in Downtown L.A.
8) 18) dialog: Baby, you’re a firework. American Flag emoji. 13. A PHOTO of Taylor and Ezra wearing Jean-Luc Godard-inspir Halloween costumes --
8) 19) dialog: Pierrot Le Fou? Oui. We see perfectly-composed PHOTOS of Los Angeles, Joshua T vintage cars, flower arrangements, whimsically-patterned wallpaper, Navajo rugs, designer shoes, artisanal cocktai restaurants, music festivals, travel, travel, more TRAVEL We see VIDEOS of Taylor showing off her house, riding aro Venice on a beach cruiser, being interviewed for Vanity F
8) 25) dialog: I Am Grateful for this vegan enchilada with raw cacao mole sauce. Praying hands emoji. Ingrid taps on the ‘Comment’ bubble, thinking of what to We hear INGRID’S VOICE as she types -- 14.
8) 49) dialog: Cafe Gratitude. It’s the best. Come check it out next time you’re in L.A.! Winking face emoji.
8) 50) text: Ingrid’s expression changes. She smiles, wiping away tear INT. NURSERY - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - NIGHT Ingrid is staring at the Vanity Fair profile of Taylor. HER POV - The caption beneath the photo reads “Taylor and dog, Rothko, at home in Venice, California.” PUNCH IN on the words: “Venice, California."
14) 0) text: Ingrid sits at a table alone. She cranes her neck, lookin around for any sign of Taylor. 22.
15) 0) text: Ingrid sits cross-legged on the floor of her empty apartm eating an In-N-Out burger and looking at Instagram. ON THE SCREEN - A street-style PHOTO of Taylor in front o row of surfboards, wearing a linen sack dress, suede boot and a straw hat, holding a Claire Vivier clutch.
15) 1) dialog: New @stevenalan threads got me like... Princess emoji.
16) 0) text: Ingrid walks out wearing the exact same outfit as Taylor carrying two shopping bags. She looks down at her phone. ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of Taylor getting a haircut.
16) 1) dialog: Summer chop courtesy of the lovely ladies @trimsalon.
17) 1) dialog: “We tell ourselves stories in order to live.” Joan Didion.
18) 0) text: Ingrid is at the coffee bar, hair styled exactly like Taylor's, sipping a latte and reading a first edition of White Album. Her phone DINGS. A notification POPS UP: “@officialdanpinto has commented on your post.” ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid swipes on the notification. Her PH from Cafe Gratitude appears, now with one like from Pinto
19) 1) dialog: -- standing at the register, buying a New York Times and making small talk with the CASHIER.
19) 2) dialog: -+. I love the feel of ink on paper. It’s so tactile. Ingrid turns back around, trying not to freak out. She pu out her phone and uses the front-facing camera to check h appearance then immediately closes it, disgusted.
21) 0) text: An upscale Venice boutique. Taylor is browsing a table of knickknacks. Ingrid walks up, eyeing Taylor and pretendin to flip through a coffee table book about bread.
21) 2) dialog: Sorry?
22) 0) text: Taylor is walking with her earbuds plugged in, scrolling through her phone. In the background, we see Ingrid following her at a safe distance. EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Taylor opens the gate of her beautiful Craftsman house, checking the mail. There is an Airstream and a vintage Mercedes in the driveway. A dog YAPS from inside. Ingrid hides behind a parked car, watching Taylor as she enters her house. Ingrid pauses, noticing something. HER POV - Taylor’s dog, ROTHKO, sits at the window, panti EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT Taylor exits, followed by her husband, EZRA O'KEEFE, 33, sporting an impressive beard. They hop into Taylor's Mercedes and she backs out of the driveway.
24) 0) text: ECU: A “MISSING DOG” poster with an artfully-shot photo o Rothko from Taylor’s Instagram is tacked to a telephone p REVEAL Ingrid staring at the poster. She rips it down and slips it into her purse, walking away quickly.
26) 0) text: QUICK SHOTS of Ingrid styling her hair, putting on make-u slipping into a brand-new Rachel Comey dress... EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY Ingrid walks up to the front gate with Rothko in one arm her Claire Vivier clutch in the other. The door opens to reveal Taylor, wearing an embroidered w Mexican peasant dress and Birkenstock sandals.
26) 1) dialog: Rothko! We missed you! Rothko leaps out of Ingrid’s arms and runs to Taylor. Ezr appears behind her, wearing a chambray apron covered in p splatters. He leans over, letting Rothko lick his mouth. TAYLOR (CONT’D) Oh my god, thank you! We were so worried. You have no idea. (extends her hand) Hi. I’m Taylor. CLOSE on Taylor's perfectly-manicured hand. Ingrid stares it. She’s been waiting for this moment. Their hands touch
26) 3) dialog: This is my husband, Ezra.
26) 7) dialog: Poor Rothko. (to Ingrid) Hang on, before I forget... Taylor reaches into her Clare Vivier clutch and pulls out checkbook. Ezra notices Ingrid’s matching bag and smiles.
26) 10) dialog: Should I make it out to cash?
26) 12) dialog: We insist.
26) 14) dialog: Are you sure?
26) 16) dialog: Yes! I love that idea. SLOW PUSH IN on Ingrid. She is freaking out on the inside but trying to play it cool... 32.
27) 0) text: Taylor and Ezra lead Ingrid through their house. It’s eve more perfect in real life -- Midcentury modern furniture, color-coordinated bookshelves, macrame plant hangers, Moroccan rugs, and tons of natural light.
27) 1) dialog: Can we get you something to drink?
27) 3) dialog: I think we can do better than that.
27) 5) dialog: It’s the same recipe they use at the 21 Club in Manhattan.
27) 7) dialog: Sorry, we've been so stressed about Rothko that I haven’t had a chance to run to the farmer’s market. Ingrid looks over at Ezra, searing a fresh piece of tuna a blowtorch. He places the wilted dandelion greens atop t plate of seared tuna using a pair of tweezers.
27) 10) dialog: More like Kitchen Nightmares. Ingrid takes a sip. It’s the best drink she’s ever tasted
27) 12) dialog: Have we met before?
27) 14) dialog: Huh. Your face looks so familiar. Awkward silence. Ingrid is desperate to change the subjec
27) 16) dialog: I know where I saw you! (off Ingrid’s look) The Echo Park Craft Fair! You were selling those Bolivian clay pots.
27) 19) dialog: He’s giving me shit because I happen to engage with people on social media like the rest of the known universe. My husband suffers from chronic technophobia.
27) 21) dialog: (teasing) Here we go...
27) 24) dialog: Yes! Thank you. I mean, in an ideal world we wouldn’t all be so judgmental but we can’t help ourselves, so why pretend otherwise? (MORE )
27) 26) dialog: (to Ingrid) Like with you. I knew I'd like you the moment I saw you just based on what you were wearing. Ingrid smiles, pleased with herself. Ezra shakes his head
27) 28) dialog: (proudly) Ezra’s an artist.
27) 34) dialog: (cutting him off) Yes. Of course they are. Ingrid approaches a painting that reads “SQUAD GOALS” ove image of wild horses galloping through a field.
27) 37) dialog: I think it was twelve hundred? Taylor and Ezra watch as Ingrid reaches into her clutch a pulls out a wallet filled with CASH. She counts out twelv hundred dollars and hands it to a stunned Ezra. TAYLOR (CONT’D) (smiles) I’ll grab the champagne. EXT. BACKYARD - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT Ezra is filling Taylor and Ingrid’s glasses with champagn
27) 38) dialog: To Ingrid. Rescuer of dogs, patron of the arts, and all around good neighbor.
27) 41) dialog: So great meeting you, Ingrid.
27) 43) dialog: Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me.
27) 45) dialog: Ahna cancelled on me again. I can’t even deal with her right now. Ezra rubs Taylor’s back, consoling her.
27) 48) dialog: We bought that monstrosity at an estate sale and I’ve been trying to move it out to our place in Joshua Tree but my old Mercedes can’t tow it. My friend has a truck but she keeps flaking on me --
27) 50) dialog: Oh, no... I couldn’t. You’ve done so much for us already.
27) 54) dialog: Okay, yeah. How’s this Saturday?
27) 56) dialog: Here, I’1l give you my number. Ingrid hands Taylor her phone. She watches as Taylor punc in her info, struggling to contain her excitement. EXT. PINTO’S HOUSE - DAY Ingrid knocks on the door. It opens, revealing a shirtles and sweaty Pinto. He looks completely caught off-guard.
28) 0) text: Pinto’s truck flies down the highway with Ingrid behind t wheel and the Airstream hitched to the back. She attempts change lanes and narrowly misses a HONKING SEDAN. I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY Ingrid drives with both hands gripping the wheel, looking stressed out. Taylor rides shotgun, scrolling through her Instagram mentions and firing off replies.
28) 1) dialog: I can’t believe you've never been to Joshua Tree. We should swing by the Integratron for a sound bath. Ingrid nods, confused. Taylor pulls out a CD case from th center console, holding up the Batman Forever soundtrack. TAYLOR (CONT’D) Wow. I had no idea you were so into Batman. Ingrid laughs uncomfortably. Taylor pops in the CD. TAYLOR (CONT’D) You would love my brother. He was obsessed with this movie when we were kids.
28) 3) dialog: Nicky. We’re twins, actually. He’s the best. (MORE )
28) 5) dialog: He’s so funny and, like, genius- level smart. I keep telling him to move out here but he and Ezra don’t really get along.
28) 7) dialog: Nicky used to be a bit of a party animal. He had a few brushes with the law but he’s totally sober now. A loud CHIME sounds from inside the truck. A RED EMERGENC LIGHT flashes on the dashboard. TAYLOR (CONT’D) Yikes. Should we pull over? Ingrid checks the time on her phone. It’s past noon alrea
28) 9) dialog: It sounds pretty serious. I/’1l check the manual. Taylor pops open the glove and a bunch of crap tumbles ou including a box of MAGNUM CONDOMS and a baggie of COCAINE
28) 10) dialog: Jesus Christ, Ingrid!
28) 12) dialog: Who's “Daniel Pinto”? We HOLD on Ingrid’s face as she thinks of what to say -- EXT. ROY’S MOTEL & CAFE - DAY Ingrid and Taylor are sitting underneath the iconic sign while a MECHANIC works on Pinto’s truck in the background 42.
28) 13) dialog: I can’t believe you didn’t tell me you had a boyfriend.
28) 15) dialog: How long have you guys been dating?
28) 17) dialog: And he’s already letting you borrow his truck? Wow, you move fast. The mechanic approaches, wiping grease off on his coveral
28) 19) dialog: Oh my God, thank you. You’re the best. Would you mind snapping a quick picture of us before we go? Ingrid’s heart skips a beat. Taylor hands the mechanic he phone and stands next to Ingrid while he lines up the sho
28) 21) dialog: Don’t smile. Here. Put these on. Taylor gives Ingrid her sunglasses. Ingrid puts them on, smile vanishing. They pose while the mechanic snaps a few
28) 23) dialog: Sorry, but would you mind taking a few more? This time, try framing it with the two of us in the middle and the sign right above our heads. 43. She hands her phone back to the puzzled mechanic.
28) 25) dialog: (to Ingrid) Should we do one with a peace sign?
29) 0) text: A picturesque 1950s-era homestead cabin surrounded by cac and desert flowers. The Airstream is parked out front. Ingrid and Taylor wander around the property, enjoying th outdoors and sipping fresh-squeezed lemonade from mason j
29) 2) dialog: You should've seen it when we moved in. It was vile. The inside smelled like cat urine and the roof was caving in. Ezra and I did all the renovations ourselves. Ingrid nods, impressed. Her phone DINGS. ON THE SCREEN - A text from Pinto: “Yoooo! Where u at?”
29) 4) dialog: (laughs ) Are you crazy? We just got here. Taylor turns to Ingrid with a mischievous smile.
29) 5) dialog: I have an idea.
29) 6) text: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK - EVENING ECU: A fingernail with a tiny palm tree painted on it dip into the baggie of cocaine. The truck is parked outside a desert bar called PAPPY & HARRIET’S. Ingrid watches Taylor do a lady-like bump off nail, tipping her head back to sniff the drip like a pro.
29) 8) dialog: Not anymore. I went through a brief coke phase in college but I haven't done any since Burning Man. I know Ezra and I may seem like a couple of old fogies but we still know how to cut loose every once in a while. Have you been to Burning Man? You should totally join our camp next year. Taylor rubs her gums as she passes Ingrid the bag of coke TAYLOR (CONT’D) I’m so glad we came here, by the way. Pappy’s is the best. The crowd's a bit sketchy but they always have great live music and the most amazing desert vibes -- Ingrid’s phone DINGS repeatedly from inside her bag. TAYLOR (CONT’D) Um, is everything okay? Ingrid reaches into her bag and subtly checks her phone. ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid’s has 13 MISSED CALLS from Pinto a series of frantic text messages: “Is everything OK Ingrid “Why aren’t u answering ur phone                        !
29) 10) dialog: That is so sweet. Ezra never texts me when I’m out of town. His communication skills are atrocious. Ingrid’s phone LIGHTS UP with another call from Pinto. 45. TAYLOR (CONT’D) Come on, let’s dance! Taylor hops out. Ingrid hesitates for a beat, then presse “Decline” and powers her phone OFF. She dips her nail int the bag of blow and accidentally does a HUGE BUMP as we -
29) 17) dialog: Watch this. Taylor lifts her shirt and FLASHES the soldiers her breas TAYLOR (CONT’D) Spring break! Woo! The Marines are cheering and HONKING like crazy. Ingrid turns and lifts her shirt, taking both hands off the whee
29) 19) dialog: Ingrid! Look out! HER POV - A RABBIT is standing in the middle of the road. Ingrid jerks the wheel, swerving sharply onto the shoulde REEEEEEEEEE! The passenger side of the truck SCRAPES loud against the guard rail, sparks flying everywhere... Ingrid SLAMS ON THE BRAKES, all the color draining from h face. She and Taylor exchange a concerned look.
30) 0) text: Pinto’s truck is parked in the driveway with a HUGE SCRAT running down the entire passenger side. Taylor and Ingrid are sitting on the porch, wrapped in Na blankets. They pass a joint back and forth, both coming d hard. Ingrid stares at the damaged truck.
30) 2) dialog: Relax. It’s just a scratch. You can buff that right out.
30) 4) dialog: Just tell him it was an honest mistake. He’ll understand. Come on, don’t let one little scratch ruin an otherwise perfect night. 47.
30) 6) dialog: So... what made you wanna move to
30) 9) dialog: Yeah, why? How bad can it be?
30) 11) dialog: Try me. Ingrid pauses, taking a long drag. She exhales.
30) 13) dialog: Oh my God. You poor thing. Ingrid pauses, suddenly feeling self-conscious.
30) 15) dialog: No! Not at all. I love how real you are. (beat) Can I tell you a secret?
30) 17) dialog: Okay. See that house over there? Taylor points toward a similar-looking HOUSE next door.
30) 18) dialog: I’ve been thinking about buying it. (beat) I know it sounds crazy, but... I have this idea of opening a boutique hotel filled with all of my favorite things where everything in it is for sale. Ingrid stares at Taylor in stoned amazement.
30) 20) dialog: Right? It’s so simple. Basically, if you see something you like, you can take it with you and we'll add it to your bill. It would be like my Instagram but in real life.
30) 22) dialog: I'm thinking of calling it... Desert D’Or.
30) 24) dialog: It’s from this Norman Mailer book. The Deer Park. I'm obsessed with it. Promise me you won’t repeat any of this. I haven’t even told Ezra about it yet.
30) 27) dialog: I dunno. Ever since I convinced him to quit his job and become an artist full time he’s been kind of weird about money.
30) 29) dialog: Oh, they are. Don’t get me wrong, he’s absurdly talented but he refuses to self-promote. He thinks it’s phony or something -- (catching herself) God, listen to me rambling on like an insane person. You must think I’m the worst.
30) 31) dialog: Yeah. Perfectly fucked up.
30) 33) dialog: Oh my God. Thank you. She leans her head on Ingrid’s shoulder. TAYLOR (CONT’D) You're a good friend, Ingrid. Ingrid’s heart flutters at the word “friend”. She smiles.
31) 0) text: Taylor is passed out on the couch, fast asleep, while Ing lies next to her, wide awake, watching her. She takes out her phone, snapping photo after photo of them together. 50. EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY Pinto’s truck rolls to a stop in front of the house. Tayl gives Ingrid a big warm hug. She pauses before she gets o
31) 1) dialog: Hey, so... about last night.
31) 3) dialog: All that stuff about Ezra --
31) 5) dialog: Thanks. And tell Dan sorry about the truck. Can’t wait to meet him! Taylor exits. Ingrid’s smile disappears as reality sets i I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - MINUTES LATER Ingrid pulls onto her block to see a COP CAR parked outsi of Pinto’s house. Pinto is talking anxiously to a pair of COPS, gesticulating wildly and chain-vaping his e-cig. Pinto sees his truck and a look of angry relief washes ov him. He runs over as Ingrid pulls up in front of the hous
31) 26) dialog: Feet on the ground, head in the sky. Twin Ladies Emoji. ECU: The photo already has 2,487 ‘Likes’ while the COMMEN section is littered with phrases like “Great shot!" and “beauties” and “#squadgoals” and “Inspiring! !" CLOSE on Ingrid as an elated smile spreads across her fac
32) 0) text: QUICK SHOTS of Ingrid printing out the INSTAGRAM PHOTO of and Taylor, cutting it out and sliding the finished image into a standard-sized photo frame.
34) 0) text: Through the front window, we see Taylor and Ezra introduc Ingrid to a bunch of hip L.A. people.
35) 0) text: Ingrid is having brunch with Taylor and a group of her girlfriends. Ingrid cracks a joke about their waiter and everyone laughs. She smiles, feeling a little boost.
36) 0) text: Taylor leads Ingrid through the store, helping her pick o stuff for her apartment. She hands Ingrid a ceramic penda lamp, gushing over how amazing it is. Ingrid waits until Taylor walks away then peeks at the price tag: $1,350.
37) 0) text: The ceramic pendant lamp now hangs from the ceiling. The apartment has been transformed into a miniature version o Taylor's house, with Ezra’s “SQUAD GOALS” painting hangin prominently on the wall amidst books and hanging plants. Ingrid holds up her phone, snapping a photo of her space.
39) 3) dialog: What happened to you?
39) 6) dialog: Nicky, this is Ingrid. Ingrid, this is my brother Nicky. He flew in from Paris this morning without telling us. Nicky nods at Ingrid indifferently.
39) 11) dialog: Best surprise ever.
39) 14) dialog: (to Ingrid) Nicky and I took Mandarin in college. Nicky says something to Taylor in Mandarin that makes her CRACK UP. Ezra and Ingrid both watch, feeling excluded. 57.
39) 20) dialog: Harley Chung?!
39) 22) dialog: I’m obsessed with Harley. Her stuff is the best. She has, like, over a million followers.
39) 24) dialog: Um, obviously! Ingrid leans forward, sucking air.
39) 26) dialog: Oh yeah... that’s right.
39) 28) dialog: Don’t be a prick, Nicky.
39) 30) dialog: Do you mind if I bail? Nicky and I literally never see each other. But you should absolutely go without me. You can bring Dan!
39) 33) dialog: Oh my God, yes! What a weirdo! Taylor and Nicky crack up. Ingrid feels left out.
40) 0) text: Ingrid is sitting on her couch, sipping a Corona and scrolling through Instagram when she pauses. ON THE SCREEN - We see a PHOTO of Taylor, Nicky and HARLE CHUNG doing silly poses inside a candy-themed photo booth
40) 1) dialog: Wonka vibes with @harleychung at the Hollywood Cemetery tonight. Ingrid stares at the photo, feeling a torrent of emotions
41) 0) text: A swarm of people are seated on the lawn with chairs and picnic blankets, eating and drinking. A DJ spins music in front of a giant mausoleum that doubles as a movie screen Ingrid appears, sweaty and out of breath, holding a Navaj blanket. She frantically scans the crowd for Taylor. HER POV - Taylor, Ezra and Nicky are sitting in a VIP SEC filled with pillows, blankets and ATTRACTIVE L.A. PEOPLE.
41) 2) dialog: Ingrid! What are you doing here? Ingrid is hurt but tries not to show it.
41) 4) dialog: Oh, right! Turns out Harley knows the guy who runs this and she hooked us up with VIP passes. Ingrid stands there, expectantly, for an awkward beat.
41) 9) dialog: Stop. (to Ingrid; explaining) We were just talking about how we still haven’t met Dan and Nicky made a joke about him being your imaginary boyfriend. It was dumb. Ingrid forces a laugh, trying to be a good sport about it
41) 10) dialog: So... when can we meet him?
41) 24) dialog: What the hell is wrong with you? Are you trying to get arrested right now?
41) 35) dialog: We'll hang this weekend! I/’11 text you all the info. 63. Ingrid nods, getting the message. Nicky waves ‘bye-bye’ a the security guard escorts her out of the VIP area.
46) 7) dialog: Hey. Is everything okay? Ingrid’s demeanor changes completely. She smiles.
46) 9) dialog: Can I grab you guys a drink?
46) 11) dialog: Nicky won’t stop talking about you by the way. I think somebody might have a little man crush. They look out the window to see Nicky building a fire in backyard and holding a lit cigar. He glances up at them.
47) 0) text: Ingrid comes downstairs to see Taylor and Harley making dinner in the kitchen. She pauses, eavesdropping.
47) 2) dialog: Yes! Have you been?
47) 4) dialog: Okay, can I tell you a secret? (beat) It sounds crazy, but I’ve been thinking of buying the house next door to us and turning into a boutique hotel where everything in it is for sale. I’m calling it Desert D’Or. CLOSE on Ingrid as she overhears this, looking hurt.
47) 6) dialog: Yes! We should totally join forces. Ingrid steels herself and enters the kitchen, smiling.
47) 8) dialog: “Noble humans”...?
47) 10) dialog: Oh, cool. Glad you liked it. (to Harley) Hey, why don’t you and Nicky come out next weekend? We’ll take you to Pappy’s. They have great live music and the best desert vibes. Ingrid feels a stab of jealousy. She is about to speak wh Nicky and Pinto enter from outside wearing swim trunks.
48) 7) dialog: I mean... I kind of agree with Nicky. If someone likes what you're doing and wants to be a part of it, why does it matter what their intentions are? Ezra looks at Taylor, feeling betrayed. He gets up and quietly trudges off down the beach. TAYLOR (CONT’D) Ezra, come back. Ezra gives her the finger. Taylor looks embarrassed. TAYLOR (CONT’D) So, Dan. I hear you're a writer?
48) 14) dialog: Is it Batman?
48) 16) dialog: Ingrid and I were admiring your CD collection on our way to J-Tree.
48) 24) dialog: Yeah, I’m with Ingrid. Ingrid smiles, relieved. Harley shrugs.
48) 26) dialog: (backpedaling) I mean, I’m down if everyone else is.
48) 37) dialog: Yeah. That was really good. And I don’t even like those movies.
48) 48) dialog: Has anyone seen Ezra?
48) 50) dialog: Shit. I'd better go look for him.
48) 53) dialog: We should split up actually. Harley and I’11 look by the beach. Ingrid, you check the house. Taylor and Harley walk off together, leaving Ingrid alone
50) 9) dialog: Seriously, you guys?
50) 12) dialog: Whatever, Nicky. It’s your life. If you wanna waste it, be my guest. Taylor and Harley exit. Nicky makes an ‘eek’ face at Pint
51) 0) text: Ingrid comes downstairs, chasing after Taylor.
51) 2) dialog: (turning around) What is there to explain? You knew Nicky was sober.
51) 4) dialog: Oh, come on, Ingrid. I saw how much you did that night at Pappy’s. I was there, okay?
51) 6) dialog: Doing hard drugs a couple times a year is one thing, but every weekend? Not a good look. Taylor walks off. Harley consoles her, flashing Ingrid a look. Ingrid is speechless.
53) 0) text: Ingrid comes downstairs, rubbing her eyes, to see Taylor making coffee and cleaning up from the night before.
53) 2) dialog: Hey.
53) 4) dialog: Yeah. He and Nicky got in this huge fight and Ezra told him he can’t live with us anymore. He was acting really strange. You didn’t talk to him, did you?
53) 6) dialog: The whole coke thing must've set him off I guess. (MORE )
53) 8) dialog: Anyway, Nicky got pissed and made Harley drive him back at five in the morning.
53) 10) dialog: I’m sorry I freaked out at you last night. I was really stressed out and... I know it wasn’t your fault.
53) 13) dialog: Ezra thought he and I could use a romantic night together so he booked us a room at the Chateau.
53) 15) dialog: Maybe we can grab lunch tomorrow? Ingrid’s face brightens immediately.
53) 26) dialog: Hello...?
53) 28) dialog: Oh no, we found it. 89.
53) 30) dialog: Yeah, Nicky has it. He said he grabbed it this morning by accident. All the blood instantly drains from Ingrid’s face.
53) 32) dialog: Don’t worry, I gave him your address. He said he’d be in touch. (silence) Hello...?
59) 0) text: Pinto is lying in a hospital bed, unconscious, wearing a brace, his forehead wrapped in bandages and a tube sticki out of his mouth. An EKG machine BEEPS continuously. Ingrid is sitting next to his bed, watching a commercial TV for Dominos Cinna Stix. Her phone RINGS. It’s Taylor.
59) 2) dialog: (flatly) Hey. You called me? Ingrid reacts to her tone. Her voice seems cold and dista
59) 4) dialog: Now’s not really a good time. 100.
59) 6) dialog: Nicky’s in jail.
59) 8) dialog: No, not yet. Ingrid closes her eyes, giving herself a little fist pump
59) 10) dialog: Shit, I gotta go. It’s my mom.
59) 12) dialog: Last minute escape to J Tree. Joni Mitchell on repeat. Hashtag blue. I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY Ingrid is driving at full speed through the desert, blast Joni Mitchell’s “Blue” through the speakers. I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - LATER Ingrid pulls up outside of Taylor’s house in Joshua Tree. 101. HER POV - The driveway is empty. No one’s home.
61) 0) text: Ingrid walks up to the Airstream and KNOCKS on the door. tries the handle and it opens. She peeks inside. HER POV - The trailer is empty, its contents undisturbed. Ingrid sighs, frustrated. She checks her phone again. ON THE SCREEN - A recent INSTAGRAM PHOTO of Taylor at Pap Harriet’s holding a margarita with the caption:
61) 1) dialog: It’s five o’clock somewhere. Umbrella drink emoji. INT. PAPPY & HARRIET’S - DAY Ingrid is sitting by herself at the bar, sipping a margar HER POV - Regulars mill about but there’s no sign of Tayl Ingrid types out a text message to Taylor on her phone.
62) 0) text: Ingrid is sitting in their driveway. Her thumb hovers ove Taylor’s name, debating whether or not to call again. She presses the CALL button. A beat as it rings, then --
62) 16) dialog: Hi, you’ve reached Taylor. Leave a message. (BEEP)
62) 19) dialog: Hi, you’ve reached Taylor. Leave a message. (BEEP) 104.
62) 22) dialog: Hi, you’ve reached Taylor. Leave a message. (BEEP)
63) 0) text: ECU: The “FOR SALE” sign now has a “SOLD” slapped across Ingrid is unloading her things from Pinto’s truck when sh HEARS a screen-door slam. She looks up to see Taylor storming across the yard towards her. Ingrid waves, beami
63) 2) dialog: I don’t believe this! I specifically told you I wanted this house!
63) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?
63) 6) dialog: On what?
63) 8) dialog: My brother is in jail right now because of you. I can’t believe I actually thought we were friends. 107.
63) 10) dialog: No, we're not! You’re just some stranger who found me on Instagram!
63) 13) dialog: What...?
63) 15) dialog: You're a fucking liar. Stay the fuck away from me. Taylor walks off. Ingrid calls after her.
64) 0) text: Ingrid sits on the floor, looking through her back window with a pair of binoculars, eating popcorn from a bag. HER POV - Through the back window, we can SEE Taylor and having a heated argument. Ezra storms outside, gets into car and speeds off. Taylor collapses on the couch, sobbin 108.
71) 0) text: A costume party is underway. MUSIC blasts as Ingrid enter wearing a sheet with eye holes, weaving through the crowd She finds an outdoor outlet and plugs in her phone, notic a platter of tiny sandwiches on the table next to her. Sh grabs one and lifts her sheet, devouring it quickly. Ingrid stuffs a few more into her pocket and is about to for the bar when she hears a familiar voice. She turns. HER POV - Taylor is standing nearby, dressed as Cher from Clueless and talking to Harley who is dressed as Dionne. Ingrid tries to quickly walk past them when someone steps her sheet, pulling it off her in one fell swoop. She scrambles to cover herself when Taylor looks over, confus
71) 1) dialog: Ingrid...? Ingrid covers herself with the sheet, pretending not to h TAYLOR (CONT’D) Ingrid, I can see you. We all can. Everyone turns, staring at Ingrid. Ingrid slowly removes sheet, trying to play it cool. 114.
71) 3) dialog: What are you doing here? You weren’t invited.
71) 5) dialog: A meeting for what?
71) 8) dialog: It’s fine.
71) 10) dialog: Not that it’s any of your business, but our marriage is fine. Unlike you, we’re working through our issues.
71) 12) dialog: (proudly) Ezra’s a concept designer for Levis.
71) 14) dialog: Go home, Ingrid. People like you aren’t welcome here. Ingrid starts to leave then pauses, turning.
71) 16) dialog: I was never like you, Ingrid. A long, painful silence. Everyone stares down at their fe CLOSE on Ingrid, fighting back tears. She nods, taking a deep breath, steeling herself...