1) 0) text: cold, windy morning in Texas. Except for one car -- an old white Nash that belongs to ANDY FANNER, the night- watchman, the square is deserted. Wind blows the curling dust down the empty main street, past the picture show, a laundry, a dinky beauty parlor, a grocery store. A black Chevrolet pickup, vintage 1941, is coughing its way up the long road toward the square. ’S PI iP Cl CITY SQUAR: — DAWN 2 SONNY CRAWFORD riddles intently with the choke, trying to keep the pickup running. The radio is on but the sound of the motor all but drowms it out. In front of the picture show, the pickup dies and the popular 1951 song fills the cab. Sonny relaxes, yawns, peers at the movie posters a moment. (He wears a Levi jacket and his hair is neatly combed -- except for a cowlick at the back, which sticks straight up; now and then, he tries to smoot it down.) Before hitting the starter again, he blows into his hands. The pickup grinds for a minute, then kicks off -- Sonny races the engine before moving on. At the red light he looks over at Fanner, who is asleep in the front seat; his feet, in heavy brogans, are visible, propped on the dashboard, A pickup with three horses in it goes through the light. Sonny starts to turn toward the pool- hall, but far down the street sees a figure sweeping, and drives that way instead. BILLY is sweeping down the white line, toward the city limits sign, ribbons of dust around the broom. (He too wears a frayed Levi jacket -- also an old red baseball cap.) Sonny pulls up beside him and taps his horn. Billy looks up, grins happily, trots around and gets into the cab. Sonny makes a sweeping U-turn, reaches over and turns Billy’s cap around backwards. Billy grins. The song is over and an announcer comes on: COTTONSEED CLARK (v.o.) Folks, ol’ Cottonseed Clark talkin’ at you -- we’ll get some more good music out to you in a minute but first let me say a word or two about these wonderful Purina Poultry Chows...
17) 10) dialog: (angrily) Asleep--everybody’s got any sense.
17) 16) dialog: (abashed, gets out, scratching head) Oh, yeah, you all been gone, ain’t you -~ gone to Mexico. You don’t know ‘bout it.
17) 18) dialog: Sam died yesterday morning.
17) 20) dialog: Yep -- quite a blow! Keeled over on one of the snooker tables. Had a stroke,
17) 22) dialog: Yep, Sam’s dead. He was quite a feller. Sonny sits down on the curb, looks across the street at the dark poolhall. Duane kicks at one of Andy’s tires.
17) 23) dialog: (continuing) He had ‘is own way of doin’ things, that’s fer sure. They found his will -- craziest thing you ever heard. Left you the poolhall, Sonny -~ what do you think of that? (spits, scratch- ing gut) Sonny looks up, but the information barely registers. (CONTINUED)
17) 26) dialog: Left Genevieve the cafe -- that’s the only thing he done made any sense. Left the picture show to old Miss Mosey. Hell, she’s too far gone to even run a popcorn machine -- (spits again, clears throat) And the craziest thing of all -- he left a thousand dollars to Joe Bob Blanton -- the preacher’s boy -- beats all I ever heard of. He could just as easy have left it to me. I deserve it least as much as that little ingorant bastard. They are all silent. The stop light blinks. Sonny sits staring at it. Andy sits on the fender.
17) 27) dialog: Anyhow, it’s done. They’re burying him tomorrow. curT TO: GRAVE’ = 95 The graveyard is on a rough, gravelly hill, the wind is blowing loudly. Brother Blanton is praying. Joe Bob is near him. Sonny, Billy and Genevieve are standing together, watching the casket being lowered. Sonny’s sportscoat is too short at the wrists -- the wind blows Genevieve’s veil. She is crying. Duane is standing back in the crowd, so is Mr. Cecil. The Coach and Ruth are there, as are most of the town. She and Sonny exchange a look. Lois Farrow stands slightly apart from the rest. She is crying openly -- tears stream down her face. She wipes it with her glove. People start to move away. cuT TO: