9) 161) dialog: Hey, look! New victims. The kids stop their water fights, swim over to the side of the pool. BOBBY SHEEN makes a big show of jumping out of the water and shaking Lester’s hands, grinning.
9) 162) dialog: Hi, Jacy.
9) 164) dialog: Glad you made it. We’re dressed informally, as you see. Big laugh. Bobby cocks his leg in acknowledgement. Jacy laughs thinly, trying not to look down. ANNIE- ANNIE MARTIN gets out of the pool, comes over, puts an arm around Bobby.
9) 168) dialog: So everybody gets to watch! Cheer from the others.
9) 170) dialog: That’s the rule.
9) 178) dialog: Everybody out for the strip show! 55 Everyone gets out of the pool and sits on the edge, 55 kicking their feet in the water. The room goes quiet except for the record playing. As dacy gets to the diving board, she hears Lester jump into the pool behind her. She gingerly climbs up on the diving board, so | nervous she can hardly keep her balance. ’ (CONTINUED)
9) 184) dialog: Don’t pay any attention to Sandy -- he’s my little brother -- If he gooses you or anything, I’1l make him go to bed. The kids laugh, then quiet. Sandy dives underwater. Hesitantly, Jacy begins to strip.
9) 186) dialog: Sandy can fish you out, if you do. Jacy strips -- just as she is taking off her bra the phonograph stops and clicks off. Sudden silence. Un- herved, she almost falls, has to sit down. Just beneath the board, Sandy surfaces, looking up at her. She yanks off her panties and indignantly throws them on his mask, jumps into the water. Everyone roars applause, jumps into the pool, starts splashing. Pleased with herself, Jacy holds onto the side and suddenly notices that she is still wearing Duane’s Christmas watch, puts it to her ear listens for a moment, concern in her face. She shakes it and listens again; it has stopped. She looks up to see that Bobby has been watching her, smiles broadly and shrugs at him.
14) 37) text: Rev. 10/2/70 57. 76 Int. BOBBY’S KITCHEN — NIGH' 76 Bobby is spreading himself a peanut butter sandwich as Jacy comes in.
14) 39) dialog: Yeah. As she comes néar, Bobby casually puts his hand on her crotch. Taken by surprise, Jacy is at a loss, but doesn’t move away. Bobby kisses her, smiles.
14) 40) dialog: Nice. You a virgin?
14) 42) dialog: (grimaces, grins) Too bad.
14) 44) dialog: I don’t blame you. Come see me when you’re not. curt TO: