3) 58) dialog: (not whispering) I decided you had a wreck. Sonny holds out the gum. The girls instantly take sticks and pop them into their mouths almost simul- taneously. Sonny nudges Charlene and gestures with his head. The two get up and move toward the back. They pass Billy sitting alone, the broom beside him, his expression one of deep content as he watches the movie. Charlene turns to be kissed, then stops to take the chewing gum out of her mouth. They kiss, Sonny keep- ing his eye on the movie. Charlene sighs, leans back, and languidly puts the chewing gum back in her mouth. (CONTINUED)
3) 64) dialog: Guess what?
3) 66) dialog: It’s our anniversary.
3) 68) dialog: We been going steady a year tonight.
3) 71) dialog: You can give me a dollar, too - that’s what it cost me and Marlene for the show. Sonny hands her the gum only, as Duane and Jacy sit down just in front of them, nodding as they do.
3) 73) dialog: I don’t see why they should get the pickup first all of the time - all they wanna do is neck anyway - Why do they even come to the show? Sonny tries to watch the movie.
4) 0) text: Sam is opening the front doors of the theatre as a few people straggle out. Billy is already sweeping. Sonny and Charlene exit, Marlene right behind them.
5) 0) text: Miss Mosey struggles with a large poster that is flap- ping in the wind. Sam comes out to help her. Duane and Jacy hold hands and dash off toward her convertible, which is parked across the street. AD LIB "Good nights." Sonny and Charlene start unhappily toward the pickup, not holding hands. Marlene is left waiting at the curb, shivering, as the other couples drive away.
5) 2) dialog: Crack your window an’ leave the motor running -- it’s still too cold in here. Sonny opens the window a crack. The little light from the radio shows us their faces as a TUNE PLAYS. Charlene takes off the football jacket, and matter-of- factly lifts her sweater, HUMMING along with the radio. Sonny unhooks her bra, removes it, and hangs it on the rear-view mirror. He touches her. (CONTINUED )
5) 8) dialog: Eeh! Your hands are like ice.
5) 10) dialog: What’s the matter with you? You act plain bored. Sonny is startled, kisses her and abruptly lowers his hand. Charlene catches it at the navel and breaks the kiss.
5) 11) dialog: (continuing) Quit! Quit!
5) 13) dialog: I like that -- you cheapskate! You never ever give me a present an’ now you want to go right ahead and get me pregnant.
5) 15) dialog: Yeah, and one thing leads to another -- Momma told me how that old stuff goes -- We’1l have plenty a time for that when we get married.
5) 21) dialog: That’s ‘cause you ain’t good- looking enough. You ain’t even got a ducktail.
5) 23) dialog: Yeah. I’m done late anyway -- * let’s go home ~- Some anniversary. Sonny twists the knob on his steering wheel and stares * at the water.
5) 25) dialog: What!?
5) 27) dialog: That’s the way nice girls get treated in this town! I knew you wasn’t. dependable. (taking off jacket) You wasn’t even in the backfield, either.
5) 30) dialog: This jacket’s got a hole in the pocket, but you needn’t as’ me to sew it up. And you can give me back my pictures. I don’t want you showin’ ‘em to a lot of other boys and tellin’ them how hot I am.