7) 0) text: The COACH sits in a bridge chair, scratching his hairy gut (part of which is visible under his sweatshirt) ahd spitting tobacco juice into a paper cup. The TEAM, all but exhausted, is running laps around the gym, Joe Bob far to the rear, flopping his arms des- perately. Occasionally, when they pass his chair, the Coach leans over and pops one of them hard with a towel. Bud and KENNY WOOD and Leroy are among them.
7) 1) dialog: Run, you little piss-ants. Tough it out! Tough it out! You gotta be men like the rest of us -- ain’t none of you pretty enough to be women... Here --~ Joe Bob! Quit flapping your arms -- you look like a goddamn goose! (spits, strands, still scratching) All right, off the court. If y’all didn’t jack off so much maybe some of you could stay in shape. Come here a minute, Sonny. TOMMY LOGAN comes jogging past and the Coach uncon- sciously pats him on the ass as he goes off the court. Sonny stops in front of him, dribbling a basketball, which the Coach takes and throws casually at Joe Bob, who is still flopping his arms.
7) 2) dialog: Do me a favor and I’1l1 do you one.
7) 10) dialog: My old lady’s gotta go to th’ doctor tomorrow, over in Olney -- you know women, always something wrong with ‘em.
7) 12) dialog: Well, take it from me. Anyway, I ain’t got time to drive her. You do it for me and I’1l get you out of Civics class.
7) 14) dialog: (walking in) Tell her you got to get back in time for practice, so she won’t stay in there too long. I got bills enough to pay already.
9) 53) dialog: Hell, you never feel well,
9) 55) dialog: Take yourself home. (gives her car keys) I got some domino players waiting oh me. He walks away. Ruth looks after him, miserably, as Abilene and Lois dance by. LoLs Hi, Ruth! The band PLAYS on. People take refreshments. Men play dominoes. Mr. Cecil dances with his wife. Charlene is there with a junior. Joe Bob is eating cookies. Leroy comes by and takes them out of his hand. Sonny stands about awkwardly. Jacy and Duane dance by Lester -- she signals him over Duane’s shoul- der. Abilene and Lois dance by grandly. Aware that her mother is upstaging her, Jacy pouts openly.
9) 135) text: cy ed Rev. 10/6/70 52 INT. IERICAN_ LEGIO: —_ NIGH Sonny watches the dancers wistfully, goes into a game room where the Coach and some others are playing domi- noes.
9) 136) dialog: Hell, you ask me, too bad we got elections coming up next year -—— now we got Harry Truman in there. ‘f it was me, I wouldn’t have no more.
9) 139) dialog: Well, I heard one ‘bout a guy who stuck a big 01’ fat dill pickle... Sonny goes into the kitchen where Ruth is gathering empty punch cups and dirty paper plates into a large trash basket.
30) 71) dialog: (confident) Chester, see if y’can stretch that Goddamn thing a little. You know, a man never oughta cheat ‘cept in a good cause. (winks, goes on) (CONTINUED)