6) 31) dialog: I read that poem of this*bout the nightingale, and it didn’t sound so good to me. Sounded like he wanted to be a nightingale.
6) 33) dialog: I think it’s silly of all these poets to want to be somethin’ besides what the Lord made ‘em. It’s criticizing the Lord.
6) 35) dialog: (smugly) All you have to do to be immortal is lead a good Christian life. Anybody can do it if they love the Lord. Leroy pops Agnes’ strap again; she takes off her shoe and hits him in the nose with it. Mr. Cecil looks at them fondly. (CONTINUED)
7) 0) text: The COACH sits in a bridge chair, scratching his hairy gut (part of which is visible under his sweatshirt) ahd spitting tobacco juice into a paper cup. The TEAM, all but exhausted, is running laps around the gym, Joe Bob far to the rear, flopping his arms des- perately. Occasionally, when they pass his chair, the Coach leans over and pops one of them hard with a towel. Bud and KENNY WOOD and Leroy are among them.
19) 0) text: The senior class, a couple of TEACHERS and ROOM MOTHERS * are relaxing on the grass. Some long tables of food have been set up. A large group of the kids are playing softball. Joe Bob is in an earnest conversation with Mr. Cecil. Leroy is popping girls bra straps. EXT. WICHITA FALLS PARK — DAY 99 At one corner of the park near some bushes, Jacy, Winnie Snips and Agnes Bean. are surreptitiously con- gregating, glancing furtively around. They look at each other and indicate for Jacy to go. She slips away behind the bushes. After a moment, Agnes goes. Winnie * looks across the field where she sees: *
28) 8) text: Rev. 10/6/70 125 EXT. ARCHER CITY ROAD — DAY 125 The preacher’s old Plymouth stops as the three cars come skidding up. The Sheriff quickly gets out, rolling down his shirt sleeves. Joe Bob sits in the Plymouth, look- ing miserable. Everyone gets out of the cars and starts looking indecisively at the Plymouth. A couple of men spit. Sonny is apprehensive and confused. MRS. CLARG suddenly becomes hysterical, runs over and yanks MOLLY out. She is five, holds and all-day sucker and a stuffed dog and doesn’t have her panties on.