1) 5) dialog: (fondly) Well, you’ve already spent a dime today an’ you ain’t even had a decent breakfast. Sam holds out his hand for the chalk Billy is licking. Billy, his tongue quite green, hands it to him, and comes to stand next to Sonny, who grabs his cap. Sam watches as Billy lunges for it and Sonny feints and throws it across the room. - Billy goes to get it.
1) 6) dialog: (lighting cigarette) I’m surprised you had the nerve to come in this mornin’, after the stompin’ y’all took.
2) 2) dialog: (during the above) You can say that ‘bout nearly everything.
3) 1) dialog: (continuing) A few football teams’ve had some luck with tackling -- keeps the other team from scoring quite i so often.
3) 4) dialog: You don’t even care if it was your last game -- you ain’t ever gonna get stomped for your own high school again -- where’s your school spirit?
3) 6) dialog: | (to Sonny) You workin’ today?
3) 11) text: Abilene looks at Sam as he assembles his cue. Sam looks at him, gets the point, takes out an old but well-stuffed wallet, and hands Abilene a fifty dollar bill. Both are quite cool when their eyes meet.
3) 12) dialog: (to Sonny) See -- this here’s what I get for bettin’ on my hometown ball team -- oughta have better sense.
3) 15) dialog: Don’t let Billy get too far away, will ya, son?
3) 16) text: | You’re a damn sight more dangerous 1 in a poolhall than you are on a foolball field. Ever heard of tackling? Sonny puts up his cue. Abilene breaks a rack of red- balls, moves smoothly around the table. Sam starts to cough again and Sonny goes out.
3) 24) dialog: How about takin’ Genevieve some change -- since you’re going? He heaves the sack underhanded -- Duane leaps up and catches it one-handed, trous along, fades, and throws a short pass to Sonny, who catches it, stops, stoops, and centers the sack back to Duane. They go on down the street, spiritedly throwing the sack back and forth between them. TWO MECHANICS are standing near the cafe, one of them morosely kicking at the tire of his car. They observe the boys without changing their poker-faced expressions.
4) 0) text: Sam is opening the front doors of the theatre as a few people straggle out. Billy is already sweeping. Sonny and Charlene exit, Marlene right behind them.
5) 0) text: Miss Mosey struggles with a large poster that is flap- ping in the wind. Sam comes out to help her. Duane and Jacy hold hands and dash off toward her convertible, which is parked across the street. AD LIB "Good nights." Sonny and Charlene start unhappily toward the pickup, not holding hands. Marlene is left waiting at the curb, shivering, as the other couples drive away.
11) 34) dialog: Which one of you bloodied his nose? I’ve told y’all not to fight with Billy -~ he don’t understand fighting. What happened, Sonny?
11) 37) dialog: How'd he get messed up with her?
11) 46) dialog: You didn’t even have the decency to wash his face -- He goes inside, closes door, turns off light. Long pause.
13) 28) dialog: Sonny, your fooda’s gettin’ cold. Relieved, Sonny comes back quickly, sits. Billy joins him. Sam looks at Genevieve, who is smiling.
13) 29) dialog: What are you grinning about? Chicken~fry me a steak. And try to use meat this time -~ She goes back to the kitchen, smiling. People start to come in. Sam sits with the boys.
13) 30) dialog: Heard about the ball game last night -- mus‘ be purt near a record.
13) 35) dialog: Guess y’all need glasses, Sonny grins, Sam coughs, blows his nose.
14) 8) dialog: T thought you boys wanted to fish. Come on, keep an eye on them corks, Billy. Billy runs down to the poles, Sonny sits by Sam, who starts to roll a cigarétte,
14) 10) dialog: That’s what I like about it, tell ya the truth. (about cigarette makings ) Wanna try one?
14) 12) dialog: (hands him makings) I never liked to clean fish -- or eat them, either -- ya spend half your time picking out bones. IT jus’ come out here to get a little scenery -- too pretty a day to Spend in town. Sonny fumbles with the paper and tobacco as Sam finishes his own, looks around sadly.
14) 13) dialog: Oh, me -- you wouldn’t. believe how this country’s changed. First time I seen it there wasn’t a mesquite tree on it -~ or a prickly pear neither. (lights up} I used to own this land, you know. First time I ever watered a horse at this tank was -- more than fifty years ago. (pauses) Reason I always drag you out here, probably -- ifm just as sentimental as the next fella when it comes to old times. (MORE )
14) 20) dialog: (continuing) I brought a young lady swimming here once -- must be twenty years ago. Was after my wife had lost her mind -~ my boys was dead -- (pause) Me an@ this young lady was... pretty crazy, I guess, In pretty deep. She had all the spirit in the world ~~ and we had some timnes,.. We used to come out here on horseback and swim the horses across the tank. Hell of a dangerous thing to ao -- good way to get drowned. She bet me a silver dollar she could beat me -- and she did -- my horse never wanted to take the water. She was always on the lookout for something like that ~- something wild... She’s still got the silver dollar. (looks at the water)
14) 22) dialog: Oh, she growed up. She was just a girl then, really.
14) 24) dialog: (after a moment) She was alread@gy married. (sees Sonny’s look) She an’ her husband was young and miserable with each other -- (MORE)
14) 32) dialog: Oh, not necessarily -- just about eighty percent of the time. (pause) We oughta go to a real fishin’ tank next year. Don’t do to think about things like that too much... If she was here now I’d probably be crazy agin in about five minutes. Ain’t that ridiculous? (pause) I ain’t really. Being crazy ‘bout a woman like her’s always the right thing to do. (long pause, amused ) Bein’ a decrepit old bag of bones -- that’s what’s ridiculous -- gettin’ old... The water is still, as Sonny and Sam stare quietly at * it. *
14) 60) text: Rev. 10/2/70 59/60. 79 «INT. "Ss PICKUP - Nic 79 = * oO Moves down Main Street. Sam is sitting on the curb in front of the poolhall, scratching his ankles. Sonny drives up, sticks his head out the window.
14) 62) dialog: Goin’ where did you say?
14) 66) dialog: (astonished) Goin’ to Mexico tonight? In this old heap of junk? My God.
14) 68) dialog: (grinning) I reckon. If I was young enough to bounce that far I'd go with you. Need any money?
14) 70) dialog: Better take this for insurance -- money kinda mélts when you take it across a border. An’ try not to drink too much of that buggy water.
30) 49) text: LOIS (cont’d) It’s just terrible--I wouldn’t be tellin’ you if it wasn’t. I’ve looked, too--you wouldn’t believe how I’ve looked. When Sam... was sixty-five years old he could jus’ walk into a room where I was and do more for me... (pause) Nobody was like him. (falls silent)