9) 131) dialog: Here now. None of that shit, boys. This here’s the Christmas season! (slaps Duane’s fist) Run on there, Wichita. I can’t stand here all night protectin’ your shoeshine. Lester hurries down to the convertible. Duane stands fuming, clenching his fists.
27) 7) text: 122 INT. Pi - 122 * Sonny is racking for eight-ball, as the Sheriff aims his cue; MONROE, the deputy, bursts in.
27) 9) dialog: \ Goddamn you, Monroe! You made me Lo) scratch. (CONTINUED )
27) 15) dialog: ~ What the hell? Maybe Joe Bob give her a ride home -~- be doing her a favor, hot as it is. Why’d he want to kidnap Molly Clarg?
27) 17) dialog: Sonny, you and some of these boys come with us. If that’s the way it is, no tellin’ what we’ll find. Sonny and the others come forward quickly.
28) 0) text: Three cars roar down the road, the Sheriff’s in the lead. INT. SH f ITY ROAD) —- Y 124 Sonny is sitting in the back seat with two men. The Sheriff mops his sweating brow on his shirt sleeve.
28) 1) dialog: Boys, I don’t know what to think, but I fear the worst... (seeing something) There he is! 83.
28) 8) text: Rev. 10/6/70 125 EXT. ARCHER CITY ROAD — DAY 125 The preacher’s old Plymouth stops as the three cars come skidding up. The Sheriff quickly gets out, rolling down his shirt sleeves. Joe Bob sits in the Plymouth, look- ing miserable. Everyone gets out of the cars and starts looking indecisively at the Plymouth. A couple of men spit. Sonny is apprehensive and confused. MRS. CLARG suddenly becomes hysterical, runs over and yanks MOLLY out. She is five, holds and all-day sucker and a stuffed dog and doesn’t have her panties on.
28) 10) dialog: What’d ya do to that child? We all know you done something’. Joe Bob starts to say something but is too scared and nervous to get it out. He catches Sonny’s eye and looks pathetically at him. Mrs. Clarg goes berserk: as Joe Bob hangs from the arms of the Sheriff and Monroe, she suddenly beats at him with the stuffed dog.
28) 12) dialog: Here now, grab her! None of this Goddamn frenzy! A couple of men hold her off; “the Sheriff and Monroe hustle him toward the car as Brother Blanton runs up, yelling almost incoherently.
28) 14) dialog: (going right on) Sonny, you drive that Plymouth in for me -- we got to get this man to jail. (CONTINUED)
33) 0) text: Sonny steps outside, curious. The cold wind makes him catch his breath. The Sheriff’s car pulls up and the Sheriff hurries to the front of the truck in his bathrobe. A cowboy, passing in a pickup, stops. Sonny turns to go back inside when he suddenly sees Billy’s broom lying in the street... he runs toward the truck, then jogs toward it, then slows to a walk. The Sheriff, a TRUCKER, two COWBOYS, a GAS STATION MAN, a PUMPER are gathered around Billy, who is lying in front of the truck, dead. The truck is full of Hereford yearlings, bumping one another., Numb, Sonny approaches the men, who look at Billy indifferently, spitting, shuffling.
33) 23) dialog: Aw, he weren’t doin’ nothin’. He was just an ol’ simple-minded kid -- never had no sense.
33) 25) dialog: Hell, no, Mister, I can see that.