14) 0) text: Laura runs hard on the training facility’s outdoor track, behind her looms the gigantic SATURN V ROCKET, casting a shadow over the track in the afternoon sun. She's suddenly aware of a shadow gaining on her from behi A young woman, tall, athletic, ERIN ECCLES (20s) wearing NASA CADET tracksuit pushes past her, apparently without effort. Laura watches her pull away. On the next lap the same girl is doing “clap up” press up the grass by the track. Controlled. Strong. Easy. With a burst of energy, Laura sprints. It’s intense, ugly running - pushing the limit. She doubles over, sweat pour
17) 0) text: Laura carries a tray to a table. She is hailed by everyon she walks -- a returning hero. She approaches FRANK PAXTO He is standing with ERIN ECCLES the young woman from the running track. If Laura is the Terminator, Erin is the T-1000; newer, faster, more cunning. But she’s also kind, hopeful, an optimist. Paxton sees Laura.
17) 4) dialog: It’s an honor. Laura shakes her hand.
17) 6) dialog: Right.
17) 8) dialog: (taken aback) I'll -- thanks for the tip. Say
17) 12) dialog: He seems like a good guy.
17) 14) dialog: So what's it like up there? Must be quite a rush.
17) 16) dialog: Thanks. Do you think maybe -- I don’t know -- I could call you sometime for advice? This takes Laura off guard. She softens.
17) 18) dialog: Great. Do you have a cell phone, granny, or are you still on a land line? Beat. Laura smiles. Fuck you, too.
22) 0) text: Laura, Mark, Hank and Erin --in astronaut gear-- strapped into a shuttle simulator that’s nearly as old as they are A machine built in the 70’s -- slow and prone to breaking down. The astronauts busily check their instruments as --
22) 3) dialog: Copy that. Houston, Endeavour reporting LSS crew cabin warning.
22) 6) dialog: ESS1BC, ESS2CA and ESS3AB reading confirmed.
22) 13) dialog: Almost there --
22) 16) dialog: I’m -- gimme a second.
22) 18) dialog: Got it. Beat. They wait, then --
22) 21) dialog: She's breathing hard, exhilarated. She looks over at Laur who frowns. Erin gives her a big smile.
34) 0) text: Laura runs hard, trying to keep her thoughts at bay. Ahea her she sees ERIN ECCLES, her stride easy, her form good. Laura ACCELERATES. ERIN turns, sees her coming, speeds up. The two women rac Erin’s legs are longer, but she doesn’t have Laura’s driv Slowly, but surely Laura gains on her, pulls even.
34) 3) dialog: realizes this, slows, lets Laura pull ahead.
59) 2) dialog: Shit. Shit.
59) 4) dialog: I hear you. Okay. Erin starts hitting buttons. Nothing is working.
59) 6) dialog: For God's sake. Erin flips one last switch and -- The simulator shuts down. Failure.
59) 8) dialog: I’m sorry I --
59) 10) dialog: Yes.
59) 12) dialog: I get it.
59) 17) dialog: Whoa, that’s a little harsh isn’t it? Laura rounds on Erin. She's terrifying --
60) 0) text: It’s a beautiful night for baseball. Parents and neighbor gather to watch the game. LAURA sits in the stand. Drew i his feet, cheering on his sons.
62) 26) dialog: Laura! How about this, huh? That Mark’s something else isn’t he? Laura pushes past her, leaving a stunned Erin behind.
65) 6) dialog: You’re a peach. Thanks Mark. (to Laura) Bye. Erin passes Laura, their eyes locking. Mark closes the do behind her and turns to Laura.
71) 5) dialog: Hey. I miss you! I miss your body. So hot you’re emailing from space.
72) 0) text: Erin and Mark lay in the bed of Mark’s truck with blanket and pillows. They look up at the stars.
72) 1) dialog: I’ll be on flight UA1946. There’s a two hour layover in Atlanta -- gross -- Gets in at six in the morning. I cannot wait to see you.
74) 0) text: Laura tosses her things into the back of her SUV and slam the door shut. She hurries to the driver’s side. Inside, she tears open the Depends package. She struggles strip off her pants, to pull on a pair. There’s is nothing irrational to this in her mind. She ha job to do -- drive 800 miles in the fastest time possible 80 miles an hour, she can do it in 10 hours. Erin’s fligh lands in 10 hours and 20 minutes. Laura can’t afford to take a bathroom break. She gets the diaper on, muscles her pants back on, leavin them unzipped, unbuttoned, starting the car.
75) 0) text: Laura at the side of the highway. The POLICE OFFICER, hef and drowsy, ambles over. When the officer finally reaches SUV Laura has the window down offering her best smile.
82) 0) text: Erin climbs stairs. Hearing footsteps behind her, she sto The footsteps stop, too. Erin waits for a suspicious second but there’s no sign of anyone in the garage or stairway. She continues on.
83) 0) text: Erin wheels her suitcase in the darkened parking garage, hurrying now. She looks over her shoulder to see -- -- A figure following her. Forty feet back, looking downw her wig pulled low to cover her face-- -- Erin speeds up. Glancing over her shoulder. -- The mysterious figure behind her also speeds up. -- Erin is getting really afraid now. Tripping over herse to get up a ramp she closes on her car turning a corner: -- Erin takes off at a full sprint, her bag bumping and rolling behind her away from the crazy pursuer. -- But the crazy silhouette doesn’t stop. It launches int headlong pursuit of its prey. As it lopes, it reaches in pocket of its trench coat and removes a pair of bright ye DISH WASHING GLOVES. It pulls them on. 105.
83) 1) dialog: Stay away from me! Stay away!!! Erin rushes to her rental car, fumbling with her keys--
83) 3) dialog: Shit! Shit! shit! -- Erin scrambles to the ground, reaching for her keys. S grabs them, unlocks the car-- -- haphazardly tosses her suitcase inside-- -- before diving in herself-- -- slamming the door shut and locked. Erin looks out the window but there is no sign of her stalker. It’s gone. Vanished. Erin hurries her seat belt Deep breath. Collects herself. She puts the keys in the ignition and turns the engine--
83) 5) dialog: 
83) 8) dialog: Laura is that you?-- -- at the sound of her name, LAURA STARTS CRYING. It’s ug stuff-- big tears, heaving, the works.
83) 9) dialog: What are you doing? Are you okay? Laura’s heart is thumping in her ears. The world swims ar her. Her mouth bone dry. Shuts her eyes and tries to focu
83) 17) dialog: What’s going on why are you here? Laura’s hand comes out of the pocket of her coat holding her Nana’s .38 Special, hidden behind her leg.
83) 22) dialog: What are you doing here Laura? Laura's fist tightens. Her finger moves to the trigger.
83) 25) dialog: Are you OK? What’s happened to you?
83) 27) dialog: Laura talk to me? Why are you here?
83) 35) dialog: Laura? This is a teensy bit crazy. Laura throws her head back and let’s out a guttural howl anger and pain as she raises her other hand and -- -- BLASTS ERIN IN THE FACE WITH A CAN OF MACE. In her eyes a chilling expression of limitless rage and g
83) 36) dialog: Aaaaaaargghhh!!! You bitch!
87) 0) text: ERIN is alone in her Orlando hotel room, blinds drawn. Th is on mute, but she still watches. Her picture flashes onscreen. RING RING. Erin SHRIEKS at the phone. She picks it up.
87) 2) dialog: Where are you? Why aren’t you here?
88) 2) dialog: She didn't say anything. She was crazy. She was this totally crazy person. She seemed so -- sad.
90) 0) text: Laura’s sitting in the wreckage her fight with Erin left behind all around her. She’s deep in a trance until, fina -- a distant police siren breaks the silence. -- Laura stands up shakily -- looks around herself -- -- she hastily grabs something up off the ground -- -- and runs. Takes the stairs two at_a time. Wild-eyed. Moving as fast she can. Pulls at the rubber gloves, trying to get them o Tosses one in a trash can, drops the other and keeps runn But, Laura isn’t going down the stairs. She’s going up. S not trying to escape, she’s trying to get higher up. Up t