0) 0) dialog: Not bad, huh?
0) 2) dialog: Wallace, you just spent seven hours in space, surrounded by God's celestial beauty. Tell me you looked around.
0) 13) dialog: So today is EVA two. We’1l be offloading the MPLM. Chithra and Henckle are on the arm. I’m on point with Wallace and Cole.
0) 31) dialog: Okay. Last bolt. He fastens it.
0) 32) dialog: That's it, folks. Time to pack up and go home. 7. The three astronauts process that, the end of the mission Beat.
0) 33) dialog: Maybe five more minutes.
1) 2) dialog: I have the stick. Beginning descent. He fires thrusters and begins their break from orbit. We PAST the PILOT and CO-PILOT and move towards Laura, sitti in back. Her job is done. Around her, the crew is talking laughing. Laura stays focused, a tool without a task. She tries to on to the feeling, to remember every moment, to slow time
4) 1) dialog: There she is. Through the windshield we see CAPE CANAVERAL, Runway 33 straight ahead.
4) 2) dialog: Gear down. They make their approach to Cape -- the ground closing in fast -- and TOUCH DOWN on the hard macadam like clockwork
4) 3) dialog: Chutes. A button is pushed. PARACHUTES rocket from the rear of the orbiter. The astronauts are thrown forward against their restraints, a the G force of the fast brake kicks in. Discovery rolls to a stop.
4) 4) dialog: Well done, astronauts. They unbuckle.
4) 5) dialog: Let’s go home. Laura removes her restraints, rising slowly. We notice al the astronauts move sluggishly, feeling the effects of gravity for the first time in two weeks.
5) 5) text: She looks a little stunned at the change of focus -- from mission to celebration. An hour ago she was on the International Space Station, hundreds of miles above the Earth. She works up a smile, waves. NASA boiler suited WORKERS approach and help the crew to flag draped stage. Hank takes an offered MICROPHONE.
5) 6) dialog: Thank you, Cape Canaveral! 10. Thunderous applause. The crew can’t help but smile.
5) 7) dialog: This bird was in the best shape of any I’ve flown. We did it. We’1l do it again. Darn it, we’re gonna be doing it for a heck of a long time. The crowd goes nuts. Laura deals with gravity, squints.
5) 8) dialog: Also -- to the crew and family of the Columbia -- we miss you every day -- let’s have a moment of silence. Everyone on the stage and in the crowd goes silent, bows their heads. A long beat as we see the faces in the crowd including Laura’s family. HANK looks up.
5) 9) dialog: Thank you. We’1ll go say hi to our own families now. Y’all have a great day. The ceremony ends. Laura makes her way off the stage a li shakily. Below on the runway, her family awaits.
10) 0) text: Now back in WIDE SCREEN. Laura is pressed into her seat a Discovery lifts high from the ground. She yells into the helmet. Fighting real pain. Pressure three times gravity pins her head. A deafening rattle grows louder and louder, swallowing all sound. In corner of her eye she sees HANK, fighting to hit a switch
10) 1) dialog: Separation in three! Two -- There’s a lurch forward as Discovery’s solid rocket boost decouple and fall, slowing the orbiter’s momentum. Brief respite as Laura is pinned to her seat as thrusters engag She grimaces. If the vibrations don’t shake the shuttle t pieces they might her. It slows. Sheer hell recedes. In a cabin window, day gives way to night in seconds, rea life on timelapse as Laura breaks past the edge of the wo
22) 0) text: Laura, Mark, Hank and Erin --in astronaut gear-- strapped into a shuttle simulator that’s nearly as old as they are A machine built in the 70’s -- slow and prone to breaking down. The astronauts busily check their instruments as --
22) 10) dialog: PRS restart indicated Houston?
22) 14) dialog: 02 dropping. Venting fast. Erin is throwing switches on her console. No luck.
39) 3) dialog: You OK? We are BACK IN SPACE, in widescreen, Laura floating in he space suit.
57) 0) text: Drew moderates a panel with Laura, Hank, Chithra, Cole an Henckle. There is a mostly packed house of a hundred peop in the audience. 75.
57) 2) dialog: Yes, I flew Columbia, March 2002. (beat) Look, when you’re strapped to a ten ton rocket full of explosive jet fuel all you can do is hold on tight. On SCREEN we see footage of the astronauts in the cockpit during takeoff.
57) 6) dialog: Yeah, get it done and come home safe.