10) 0) text: We're further down the shore with the PEASANT FAMILY now: They include an OLDER MAN, TWO TEENAGE SONS and a LITTLE - his daughter. Bothwell is paying the OLDER MAN several coins as GUARDS emptying the wagon of cockles, dumping them on a pile in sand. Mary is nearby on foot beside her horse. Mary looks at the old Peasant. A hard, poor life is evide by the deep wrinkles in his face, a mouth turned inward b lost teeth. Then she looks to his DAUGHTER - in a dirty muddy burlap frock - who does not bow. She’s only five years old, the age Mary was when she fled to France. CUT TO the Nobleman helping the Four Marys into the peasa wagon. Livingston holds a handkerchief to her nose, put o by the fishy smell. The other three seem no less disguste BACK TO Mary as Bothwell helps her onto her horse. Legs astride, not side saddle. Once atop, she looks regal. Bothwell mounts his horse and leads the small entourage forward. The little girl runs to keep up with it. Her father yells to her but she ignores him, running alongside Mary’s hors Mary and the little girl lock eyes. She sees a curious an defiant fire in the girl’s expression which aligns with h own curious and defiant flame. Mary smiles at the girl. She smiles back, then stops. Mar turns her eyes forward again, as if staring into her futu Bothwell turns to her, in French--
10) 1) dialog: Tout cela correspond a4 vos souvenirs? (Is it how you remember it?)
13) 12) dialog: I swore an oath to the Queen’s mother to protect her.
13) 14) dialog: I shall uphold my oath just the same.
13) 16) dialog: I am driven by duty, not ambition. A scoffing and dismissive half-smirk from Moray. He doesn buy it for a moment. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT The room is lit by several candles, but still dim. It’s completely empty. Mary looks around, taking in the barene
35) 1) dialog: Halt. The entire party comes to a stop. Mary looks ahead and se contingent of three horsemen galloping toward them from d the road. Two appear to be soldier escorts. Bothwell race ahead with four horseman of the Royal Guard to intercept. As Bothwell’s contingent nears the foreigners they come t stop. From Mary’s POV we can barely make out that one of is Randolph.
65) 11) dialog: Moray is marching southwest, toward Dumfries.
65) 13) dialog: If we make good time we could cut them off before they reach the gates. Or we fortify here and prepare for a siege, blocking the road south.
65) 15) dialog: Meet them and end this now.
65) 17) dialog: If we lose sight, they could flank us. I want to flank them first. There's a bridge they must use to cross Annan.
65) 19) dialog: Two days. But I can get us there in one.
78) 0) text: Bothwell gallops away from Edinburgh - alone on his horse accompaniment - fleeing for his life. He glances back as rides, making sure he’s not being followed. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBERS - DAY Silence except for a swishing sound... Mary and Darnley sit on opposite sides of the room, still both in shock. Mary’s tears are gone, but her eyes are st red, and she’s made still by an oppressive numbness. We CUT TO the source of the swishing sound. Kate is scrub the floor where Rizzio’s corpse was. A Guard is standing her, keeping his eyes on Mary. Kate finishes. Wipes her brow, and exits with the scrub b and bucket. Back on Darnley, who glances over at Mary. She seems to b staring beyond the walls into a bleak and uncertain futur
85) 0) text: Mary and Darnley enter. We see scores of soldiers. Darnle was not expecting this and we can read it on his face. As two enter, a command is given and the soldiers all turn t stand at attention. Darnley sees Bothwell, fully armored. Turns to Mary...
85) 2) dialog: (to Darnley) Your chambers are ready. Darnley looks back at Mary.
87) 0) text: Moray and Maitland are being escorted down the hall to th Receiving Room by Bothwell and several Guards.
88) 0) text: A very pregnant Mary looks over a document. Bothwell to t side. Maitland and Moray glance at each other anxiously a she finishes reading, looks up--
94) 0) text: Mary is seated in the corner, breast-feeding her infant, warm, glowing maternal smile on her face as she looks dow the suckling child. The Four Marys are present. A knock at the door. Fleming heads to answer the door as Seton retrieves a linen shawl to cover Mary’s breast as t child continues to feed. Once covered, Mary nods to Fleming, who opens the door, revealing Darnley and Bothwell. Darnley looks meek, and t worse for wear. 89A.
94) 15) dialog: He is mad...
95) 0) text: Mary’s assembled Council - including Moray, Maitland and Bothwell - stand when she enters. TIME CUT to everyone seating, mid-conversation--
95) 5) dialog: He threatens flight to England. Should he raise an army there--
96) 3) dialog: Not so. When I delivered him to his lodgings he screamed things most profane, and spoke of regicide. 91.
96) 5) dialog: I did not claim to fear him.
96) 7) dialog: My oath is to defend your safety.
96) 9) dialog: No, I...what I meant... Bothwell grasps for words. Rhetoric is not a strength.
105) 0) text: Mary is sitting at one of the tables, cradling James, who fast asleep. The Four Marys are with her. There are half dozen Guards in the room. Bothwell enters. He sits down across from her. Gently-- 94.
105) 1) dialog: It was Lord Darnley. Off Mary’s puzzled look-- BOTHWELL (CONT’D) An attempt on his life.
105) 3) dialog: I'll bring you to my estates. It’s not safe for you here.
106) 0) text: The sky gray with pre-dawn light. Mary’s final few trunks being loaded onto a wagon. Mary is kneeling before James, holding his hands to help him stand. Seton awaits on a ho Bothwell is with them. She’s saying good-bye, and it’s ha
107) 0) text: Mary, Bothwell and the Royal Entourage approach the castl a gloomy, militaristic seaside edifice. 95.
108) 0) text: Mary is being undressed by her ladies. They have only rem her outer sleeves when the door opens, revealing Bothwell turns away so as not to see her unsleeved arms.
108) 1) dialog: Pardon... The ladies move to re-attach her sleeves but Mary decline
108) 3) dialog: May we speak in private? She nods to the Marys. They file out past Bothwell, still turned from her as he shuts the door behind them.
108) 5) dialog: I know it is smaller than your lodgings in Edinburgh, but I hope it will suffice.
108) 7) dialog: The Parliament will ratify a proclamation demanding you wed a Scottish subject now that you are widowed.
108) 9) dialog: They meet tomorrow. It is your council’s advice that you should marry me. And now she’s beginning to connect the dots--
108) 12) dialog: Madam...
108) 14) dialog: Madam...calm yourself... He moves toward her. She skirts around him and heads for door, but he grabs her by the wrist. He pushes her onto t bed and holds her down.
108) 16) dialog: Did I not come to your aid when your Lords rebelled? Mary resists. BOTHWELL (CONT’D) Refuse and I will not come to your aid when they rebel again.
108) 18) dialog: Come. They enter, bewildered and concerned to see Mary in tears BOTHWELL (CONT’D) Undress your lady. They look to Mary. She is wiping her tears away now.
110) 0) text: Mary and Bothwell at the altar of the chapel, the Bishop presiding. Maitland and Moray are in attendance. TIME CUT TO Bothwell placing the rings on Mary’s hand. Th kneel and the Bishop blesses them both, then begins to pr This may be INTERCUT with the scene 154, adding a layer o the priests chanting in the wedding portion. 98.
112) 0) text: Maitland and Moray sit across a table from Mary and Bothw There is no food. Only the bare table top and the solemni of the conversation. Moray hates every moment of this. Bothwell is furious. To Maitland and Moray.
112) 1) dialog: You promised that I would be King. 99.
112) 3) dialog: This was your intention...
112) 5) dialog: Liar! Events. Aye. Events by your design. Is that not so? They do not answer. BOTHWELL (CONT’D) Speak...Be men and own your treachery. Did you not deceive me? While Bothwell is shocked, Mary is not. Looking Moray straight in the eye.
116) 0) text: MARY alone at prayer. Bothwell, unnoticed is behind her. watches her and leaves.