13) 10) dialog: This way, Madam. As Kate leads Mary and her Ladies down an adjacent hall, Moray’s smile fades. He turns to Bothwell.
13) 17) dialog: We are having a bed brought from town. 10A. Mary points to a wall, addressing the Servant--
13) 19) dialog: Yes, Madam. 11. And with this the Servant’s voice breaks. She can’t stop tear from rolling down her cheek.
13) 20) dialog: My apologies... Mary goes to her--
13) 22) dialog: Her Majesty was too young to recall... (puts a palm to her chest) ...but I was your wet nurse. You’re so beautiful. Like your mother. Mary offers her a warm, compassionate smile.
13) 23) dialog: (embarrassed, to escape--) With permission - I will make certain the bed. Mary nods. Kate exits the chamber. Mary turns to the Four Marys, who are trying to hide their mortification at the gloomy environs.
78) 0) text: Bothwell gallops away from Edinburgh - alone on his horse accompaniment - fleeing for his life. He glances back as rides, making sure he’s not being followed. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBERS - DAY Silence except for a swishing sound... Mary and Darnley sit on opposite sides of the room, still both in shock. Mary’s tears are gone, but her eyes are st red, and she’s made still by an oppressive numbness. We CUT TO the source of the swishing sound. Kate is scrub the floor where Rizzio’s corpse was. A Guard is standing her, keeping his eyes on Mary. Kate finishes. Wipes her brow, and exits with the scrub b and bucket. Back on Darnley, who glances over at Mary. She seems to b staring beyond the walls into a bleak and uncertain futur
79) 0) text: Moray enters the gate on horseback flanked by two armed GUARDS. Maitland hurriedly approaches as he dismounts. Th exchange a few words. Moray walks with brisk urgency towa the entrance, Maitland close behind. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY Moray and Maitland enter to find Mary on the bed, clutchi her stomach, moaning in pain. Darnley is beside her, with four Marys and Kate.
79) 3) dialog: We will need to undress her.
79) 5) dialog: If we do not attend to her now, we may lose the child.
91) 0) text: Mary squats as she is in labor, as children were birthed her time. Her hair is matted with sweat, her face flushed from pain. Kate and the Four Marys are at her side.
111) 0) text: KATE scrubs graffiti off the walls of Holyrood. INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT Elizabeth and Dudley on her bed, the drapes drawn for privacy. They are clothed. Her head is in his lap as he strokes her hair. It’s very quiet and intimate.