19) 0) text: TIGHT on a young Italian Man - RIZZIO - playing the Renaissance Violin with accompaniment. He is comely, and talented musician. The chamber is still in the process of being decorated - more modest in its architecture and furnishings than what saw in Hampton Court, but still brighter and more luxurio than when we first saw the castle. The Four Marys are staring at Rizzio with admiration, eve perhaps a bit of lust. He smiles at Livingston, who looks her feet while blushing. The other Marys giggle, drawing attention from some of the NOBLES who are waiting in a li to kiss Mary’s hand. Among those passing by is MAITLAND - a high-ranking Noble diplomatic and innocuous on the surface, but a snake with He and Fleming lock eyes - an instant attraction. Moray introduces the guests to Mary as they come before h
24) 0) text: A sparse, undecorated place of worship, clearly Protestan Knox stands at a pulpit, delivering a sermon. The front r are filled with nobility, including Maitland, who is sitt in the first row, listening with great interest. 23. As the rows progress toward the back they are populated w MERCHANTS and PEASANTS. It’s a packed room, and some of t peasants are forced to stand in the rear by the open door the street. This is part religious fervor, part retributi at having been removed from court--
34) 0) text: Dudley presents the portrait of Elizabeth to Mary. Randol is in attendance, as are Moray and Maitland. Mary is delighted to receive the gift - beaming with excitement. 32.
36) 0) text: The Royal entourage is in the background. Mary walks thro a field of grass and wildflowers at some distance, Randol next to her, Moray and Maitland several steps behind. 35.
36) 10) dialog: She hides behind her Council.
36) 14) dialog: Retaliation perhaps, for refusing the treaty.
36) 21) dialog: (bristling) Your mistress mocks our affections.
47) 0) text: Mary rides on horseback, flanked by Moray and Maitland an small party of Nobles and Guards in tow. They are on a da trip to Arthur’s Seat.
47) 1) dialog: You cannot wed him, Madam.
47) 3) dialog: He understands that he would only be your consort? Not a King outright?
47) 5) dialog: I find it difficult to believe that any man would settle for as much. We INTERCUT between these two scenes--
49) 2) dialog: Unless she promises to make you heir.
53) 0) text: Mary and the others are nearing the crest. On Darnley galloping fast on his horse past the other Nobles. He whirls around on his horse as he gets to Mary, canteri and stepping his horse sideways before her. Moray and Maitland eye him with the same contempt with wh Cecil beheld Dudley.
53) 2) dialog: Aye. As he turns his horse to trot ahead--
54) 0) text: Randolph stands before Mary, Moray and Maitland are prese
58) 0) text: The wedding dance continues and Mary and Darnley are join by BETON, SETON & LIVINGSTON and their dance partners. FLEMING encourages MAITLAND to join the dance but he resi MARY notices MAITLAND. Other nobles decline to dance and on disapprovingly. Mary remains regal despite the lack of enthusiasm, althou we can sense it bothers her. Darnley, is less able to hid his displeasure.
71) 4) dialog: She speaks for herself.
71) 6) dialog: We advise her endlessly, sir. Not that she heeds us.
71) 8) dialog: Better than your own Queen’s council? Maitland has a point. More reflectively--
71) 10) dialog: Wise men servicing the whims of women?
75) 9) dialog: David Rizzio. He is a liability to your rightful place as King. Darnley fetches a carafe to refill his goblet.
75) 14) dialog: (pivoting, gingerly) Let us not dwell on that. We speak of Rizzio’s relations with your wife.
75) 16) dialog: Does he not spend more time with the Queen than your grace? Why else would she make a common minstrel her private secretary?
75) 22) dialog: The other Lords have signed. Darnley takes the quill and dips it in the inkwell, then bends over a parchment on the writing desk. 73.
77) 3) dialog: (to Rizzio) Come with me, sir. Mary is standing now. Steps in front of Rizzio as Darnley Lennox appear in the doorway.
77) 9) dialog: (to Mary) All that is done is the King’s own deed and action. He glances at Darnley as he says this. Mary glares at him The King? Darnley is pale and shaking. This is more than can take. Fleming is horrified that her lover has anything to do wi this. Moving toward Maitland--
77) 11) dialog: Do not interfere. Two Conspirators make their way toward Rizzio. Fleming tr to get in the way of them, but Maitland grabs her by the wrist and yanks her aside. She falls to the ground. Rizzio cowers, begging for mercy, but the Conspirators ya him out of the room. As he’s being dragged across the cha Mary rushes forward--
77) 13) dialog: (to Darnley) You must make the final blow. Darnley is overcome with fear himself, and sickened by th bloody body before him. But he manages to pull out his da and take a few steps toward Rizzio before stopping.
78) 7) dialog: (approaching Darnley) Bothwell has escaped. Darnley turns to him, processing. Mary takes note. Darnle turns back to Mary, his fury rising--
78) 10) dialog: You will not be killed, Madam. (to Darnley) Let us go. We have much business. Lord Moray will arrive soon.
78) 12) dialog: Your brother returns to assist your husband. It’s a blow for Mary - the depth of the treachery.
78) 17) dialog: You may not, Madam.
79) 0) text: Moray enters the gate on horseback flanked by two armed GUARDS. Maitland hurriedly approaches as he dismounts. Th exchange a few words. Moray walks with brisk urgency towa the entrance, Maitland close behind. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY Moray and Maitland enter to find Mary on the bed, clutchi her stomach, moaning in pain. Darnley is beside her, with four Marys and Kate.
82) 0) text: Darnley with Maitland, Moray and Lennox.
82) 2) dialog: We are drawing up the papers now.
82) 4) dialog: It’s important that the people do not accuse those who participated as traitors. They must be pardoned so there is no doubt of their loyalty to the crown.
86) 0) text: Moray, Maitland, Knox and Lennox are met.
86) 1) dialog: They have at least five hundred. More are on the way.
87) 0) text: Moray and Maitland are being escorted down the hall to th Receiving Room by Bothwell and several Guards.
88) 0) text: A very pregnant Mary looks over a document. Bothwell to t side. Maitland and Moray glance at each other anxiously a she finishes reading, looks up--
88) 3) dialog: If you wish it destroyed, however...
88) 5) dialog: Aye, Madam. 85.
95) 0) text: Mary’s assembled Council - including Moray, Maitland and Bothwell - stand when she enters. TIME CUT to everyone seating, mid-conversation--
95) 1) dialog: You must divorce him, Madam.
95) 3) dialog: Not by the Church of Scotland. 90.
96) 1) dialog: Darnley is cursed. We who have wronged you on his behalf seek only to prevent more wrong.
98) 0) text: Nobles are exiting the Receiving Hall. Maitland and other are in a small conspiratorial group. As Moray passes-—
98) 1) dialog: Sir, join us... He ignores them and keeps walking. Maitland is surprised. Bothwell emerges. Maitland turns his attention to Bothwel
98) 2) dialog: My Lord, you argued well in Council. May we borrow your wisdom for a moment? Bothwell is sceptical but intrigued. The circle opens to INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER —- EVENING THREE YEAR OLD JAMES sees something in the ashes of the fireplace and teeters towards it.
110) 0) text: Mary and Bothwell at the altar of the chapel, the Bishop presiding. Maitland and Moray are in attendance. TIME CUT TO Bothwell placing the rings on Mary’s hand. Th kneel and the Bishop blesses them both, then begins to pr This may be INTERCUT with the scene 154, adding a layer o the priests chanting in the wedding portion. 98.
112) 0) text: Maitland and Moray sit across a table from Mary and Bothw There is no food. Only the bare table top and the solemni of the conversation. Moray hates every moment of this. Bothwell is furious. To Maitland and Moray.
112) 2) dialog: (coolly) If your betrothed does abdicate, you are abdicated also.
112) 8) dialog: You must abdicate, Madam. She turns back to Maitland.
112) 9) dialog: When your son comes of age, he will assume the throne. (nodding to Moray) Until then my Lord will be Regent.
112) 17) dialog: You will, Madam. By force if we must.
112) 19) dialog: The people believe you are a traitor and a whore. What army can defeat an entire nation turned against its Queen? They would sooner parade your head on a pike than bow before a harlot. I for one would gladly hold high the pike. Mary is shocked by his blood-lust. Looks to Moray--
112) 22) dialog: Then we are finished here. Maitland gets up and heads for the door. Moray remains seated. Maitland turns back, waiting for him. Moray, with true supplication, not wanting further conflict--