2) 0) text: MARY STUART - Queen of Scots, Dowager Queen of France. But we see her from BEHIND - her back to us. And this is where we shall stay for now. Seeing events as she does, following from just a few feet to the rear. She is on her knees in prayer, joined by her CHAMBERMAIDS an OLDER MARY SETON (the younger version of whom we shall introduce soon), facing a small window which overlooks th landscape we just saw. As the heavy door pivots open, revealing Andrews, she remains in prayer, her back to him He bows his head, then, with solemnity and respect--
3) 0) text: From behind. Mary is being led across by the Earls and Guards. She pauses to look up at the sky. The last time s will feel the sun directly on her face.
5) 0) text: We’re above and behind as Mary strides through a large se doors, her Ladies, Andrews and Guards in tow. Down the hall a little SERVANT GIRL peeks around the corn to get a glimpse. The MAIDSERVANT from the first scene gr her by the wrist and pulls her out of view. Mary rounds the corner, taking us to--
6) 0) text: A vast room filled with a hundred SPECTATORS. At the far of the room is a WOODEN STAGE. The crowd parts. She heads directly for the stage, mounts steps to the platform where two MEN stand waiting for her Still behind her, from over her shoulder, we can see the crowd staring up, a hundred solemn faces - the KNIGHTS an GENTLEMEN OF NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. There is a low murmuring a number of men speak in hushed tones to each other. It’s worth noting that this crowd is ALL MEN. The only wo in attendance are Old Seton and Mary’s two Ladies. Mary’s back and the POV beyond fills the frame, but off- screen we hear three KNOCKS of a cane on the wooden platf to call the room to attention. A slight, barely noticeabl flinch from each knock as the room silences. The Clerk of Elizabeth's Privy Council, ROBERT BEALE - re aloud off-screen. We only hear his voice--
8) 0) text: We are still behind Mary. She stands. Two Earls remove he outer garment - the black satin - revealing a crimson gar beneath. The colour of martyrdom. A collective gasp. We CUT TO Noblemen in the midst of the crowd, gazing at h with disgust. One whispers to the other--
8) 4) dialog: I forgive you with all my heart. You shall make an end of all my troubles. Bull gestures to a cushion before her in front of the blo As Mary kneels down she begins to recite a psalm in Latin
8) 5) dialog: Salve, Regina, Mater misericordie, vita, dulcedo, et spes nostra, salve. Ad te clamamus exsules filii Heve, In te Domino confido... As she repeats the prayer the camera COMES AROUND to face Mary for the FIRST TIME. As we do, we hear a SURGE of surf on a shore, and once we land upon her face, we are no longer in Fotheringhay Castle... It is 27 YEARS PRIOR and we are at--
9) 0) text: Mary kneeling on the sand in prayer. The water is surging soaking her dress. She shivers from the cold but continue her prayer. The moment has the same solemnity as the execution sequen but the daylight and anticipation and Mary’s youth also charge it with the excitement and danger of a new beginni As the surf retreats she leans down and kisses the sand - first time she’s touched Scottish soil since she was a gi Behind her we can see her ship anchored in the distance. Several rowboats have been pulled up onto the shore - tru and other goods being unloaded by sailors. A distressed look on Mary’s ashen face while she’s still down, her face inches above the sand. She retches. Four w quickly come to her aid. They are the “Four Marys” - BEATON, SETON, FLEMING and LIVINGSTON - Mary’s ladies-in-waiting and closest friends hear concerned chatter among them as they attend to their mistress.
9) 1) dialog: C’est fini. (It’s passed.) --which silences them. Mary cups her hand in the salt wat and brings it up to her mouth to wash her face clean. Set hands her a handkerchief. Mary dries her face then stands Horses are making their way onto the shore. On BOTHWELL - Scottish Lord and the Queen’s Champion. He has the harden bearing of a soldier accented by the flash of an adventur He looks down the shore and sees figures in the distance PEASANTS cockle-picking. Near them is a small wagon with Clydesdale pony.
10) 0) text: We're further down the shore with the PEASANT FAMILY now: They include an OLDER MAN, TWO TEENAGE SONS and a LITTLE - his daughter. Bothwell is paying the OLDER MAN several coins as GUARDS emptying the wagon of cockles, dumping them on a pile in sand. Mary is nearby on foot beside her horse. Mary looks at the old Peasant. A hard, poor life is evide by the deep wrinkles in his face, a mouth turned inward b lost teeth. Then she looks to his DAUGHTER - in a dirty muddy burlap frock - who does not bow. She’s only five years old, the age Mary was when she fled to France. CUT TO the Nobleman helping the Four Marys into the peasa wagon. Livingston holds a handkerchief to her nose, put o by the fishy smell. The other three seem no less disguste BACK TO Mary as Bothwell helps her onto her horse. Legs astride, not side saddle. Once atop, she looks regal. Bothwell mounts his horse and leads the small entourage forward. The little girl runs to keep up with it. Her father yells to her but she ignores him, running alongside Mary’s hors Mary and the little girl lock eyes. She sees a curious an defiant fire in the girl’s expression which aligns with h own curious and defiant flame. Mary smiles at the girl. She smiles back, then stops. Mar turns her eyes forward again, as if staring into her futu Bothwell turns to her, in French--
10) 2) dialog: Je m’en souviens a4 peine. (I scarcely remember it at all.)
12) 0) text: CLOSE on the EARL OF MORAY, Regent of Scotland and Mary’s half-brother. He is atop a small bridge with windows on either side as he watches Mary’s entourage approach benea The castle itself looms above them all. We can see a flurry of activity in the courtyard beyond SERVANTS darting through the courtyard in preparation for Queen’s arrival, hurriedly lighting torches. On his face see tenseness. He’d rather none of this were happening. Moray leaves the window to go and greet his sister. TIME CUT to the Courtyard. TIGHT on Mary’s outstretched h Then Moray’s face enters the frame and lightly kisses it. We PULL BACK to see Moray kneeling before her, removing h sword as he does so.
12) 1) dialog: Mon frére... (My brother) He stands and she embraces him. Bothwell watches from sev yards away. He and Moray lock eyes - mutual distrust - as Moray and Mary embrace.
13) 0) text: Mary, Moray and the Four Marys make their way through corridors and a series of chambers, some half-furnished a being decorated for the Queen, others still bare. Everyth feels a bit ad hoc and rushed. The servants bow as Mary passes. She soaks it in during the following exchange wit Moray - only vaguely familiar. On the whole she might as be laying eyes upon these rooms for the first time.
13) 2) dialog: I am quite well.
13) 4) dialog: Yes, thank you. A beat. Moray considers his next question, then asks it casually, though it’s far from a casual question--
13) 6) dialog: At Holyrood?
13) 8) dialog: (with a smile) Are you already planning my departure?
13) 18) dialog: My mother’s was here?
13) 21) dialog: What is it?
13) 24) dialog: A dire vrai, ce n’est pas une autre France. (It is no France.) She offers this as humour, and the Four Marys force a lau but it’s not very convincing. Then quite seriously--
13) 25) dialog: Mais notre devoir n’est plus 4 la France. C’est ici qu’il nous améne. (But our duty is no longer to France. It is here.) The Four Marys stop smiling. It’s a solemn reminder that their lives are forever changed.
14) 0) text: Mary is seated while an ARTIST paints a miniature portrai her. The Four Marys are overseeing ATTENDANTS who are in process of hanging tapestries on the walls. Mary is begin to make the place her own. Moray is with her.
14) 2) dialog: Are we to bow to the Hapsburgs?
14) 4) dialog: And would require me to leave Scotland.
14) 6) dialog: Favorable for whom? They lock eyes for a moment. On Moray, clenching his jaw. Mary notices something on the far side of the room beyond Moray. Stands--
14) 7) dialog: Higher. And we see she’s referring to one of the tapestries being hung on the wall. The Attendants raise it a foot.
14) 8) dialog: This one. Mary watches as the ATTENDANTS climb down from their ladd and move the tapestry over to the new wall. As they place ladders, they raise the tapestry--
14) 9) dialog: Yes. Thank you. (to Moray) Better - is it not?
14) 11) dialog: You have done us a great service as ward over this realm. We would be wise to follow your example. Let us dispense with marriage for now and talk of governance. Those are matters which you know far better than myself. He forces a smile.
14) 13) dialog: Yes. Hang it here. She heads back over to sit before the Artist.
14) 14) dialog: Continue.
17) 0) text: Bess adjusts Elizabeth’s hair. Elizabeth holds out her ha and an attendant places a hand mirror in it. Elizabeth ho up the mirror and looks at her own reflection. We RACK FOCUS from the mirror to the portrait of Mary in background so that her blurred reflection and the portrai are side by side in the frame. Elizabeth lets her gaze li on the portrait for a moment, we RACK FOCUS back to the mirror as she looks at her face once again, then turns an presents herself to her ladies. With a matter-of-fact, discerning eye.
19) 0) text: TIGHT on a young Italian Man - RIZZIO - playing the Renaissance Violin with accompaniment. He is comely, and talented musician. The chamber is still in the process of being decorated - more modest in its architecture and furnishings than what saw in Hampton Court, but still brighter and more luxurio than when we first saw the castle. The Four Marys are staring at Rizzio with admiration, eve perhaps a bit of lust. He smiles at Livingston, who looks her feet while blushing. The other Marys giggle, drawing attention from some of the NOBLES who are waiting in a li to kiss Mary’s hand. Among those passing by is MAITLAND - a high-ranking Noble diplomatic and innocuous on the surface, but a snake with He and Fleming lock eyes - an instant attraction. Moray introduces the guests to Mary as they come before h
19) 4) dialog: Il est certain que beaucoup d’entre vous ne vous alliez qu’ad regret a une Reine Frangaise et Catholique. (MORE )
19) 6) dialog: (We are certain many of you are ill at ease aligning yourself with a French and Catholic Queen...) Some of the other Lords look askance at each other in reaction to her speaking a non-native language.
19) 7) dialog: (she abruptly switches to Scots) But your Queen is in Scotland now. She pauses, letting her use of Scots sink in. Then--
19) 8) dialog: When my beloved Frangois passed to God, I could have married any number of suitors. Portugal. Denmark. Sweden. Many others. The Hapsburgs offered their sons. (beat) I declined them all. On Moray. He’d much prefer she be married off.
19) 9) dialog: Just as I would not have an uncertain fate imposed upon myself, I will not impose an uncertain fate upon my subjects. (beat) They remain free to worship however they so choose, Catholic or Protestant. A look of surprise from the assembled Lords. This is not they were expecting.
22) 0) text: Mary before her Lords, as before. 21.
22) 1) dialog: Pastor, you look displeased with our tolerance? A general nervousness flutters among the Lords, not least all with Moray, but Knox is not the least bit intimidated
22) 3) dialog: Stand when I address you. Knox makes a show of standing slowly, resolutely and sayi the following words with equally slow resolve.
22) 5) dialog: Such rhetoric incites revolt.
22) 7) dialog: Well then, I perceive that my subjects shall obey you, and not me. And shall do what they like, and not what I command. And so must I be subject to them, and not they to me. Unwavering, and unmoved--
22) 9) dialog: No. You may remove yourself from this council and my court. A gasp of unease from the other Lords. Knox, with all the pride he can muster-- 22.
23) 0) text: Mary walks briskly with Moray. She can no longer contain rage - face flushed, speaking as briskly as she walks--
23) 2) dialog: Did I not give deference to his faith?
23) 4) dialog: And where is his delicacy? That he should speak to a monarch so? Would he challenge Elizabeth thus?
23) 6) dialog: You are wise, brother. There are times for wisdom. And there are times for love. But there are also times for strength. She continues on. Off Moray, swallowing his frustration.
25) 0) text: The Four Marys are helping Mary undress. The room is now appointed with furniture and tapestries.
25) 2) dialog: Alors, ici? (What about here?) The girls are laughing. Fleming blushing.
25) 3) dialog: (taps Flemings’ nose) Ici? (Here?)
25) 5) dialog: Il vous a embrassé ici? (Has he kissed you here?)
25) 9) dialog: (turning to Beaton) Et vous alors? Ils embrassent comment, les Anglais? (What about you? How well do the English kiss?)
25) 11) dialog: What matters have you discussed with the Ambassador between your kisses? A chill between them all. The undressing has halted.
25) 13) dialog: (to Fleming) Or you - with my Secretary of State.
25) 15) dialog: In Scots.
25) 17) dialog: I jest. I know you love me. But was she jesting? They resume undressing her.
25) 18) dialog: Just be wary of these men. Their love is not the same as their respect. The Mary’s remove layer upon layer, down to her smock. Af several beats--
25) 20) dialog: To have a man? INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT Atop the bed with drapes drawn for privacy. Elizabeth wit Dudley. Her sleeves have been removed. The farthingale beneath her dress bulges up as they sit side by side. Dudley gently pushes the smock sleeve up Elizabeth’s fore revealing the skin of her wrist. He brings it to his mout and kisses the underside. Elizabeth closes her eyes, shak from the touch. Lips on skin is forbidden and thrilling.
25) 21) dialog: I have only lain with Frangois... INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT Mary with the Marys. They’re still undressing her--
25) 22) dialog: He shook terribly from fright. As did I. The poor boy did his best...
26) 1) dialog: .--but it was over before it began. 26. BACK TO Mary in her bedchamber with the Marys--
26) 3) dialog: No. We tried but once. BACK TO the Banquet Hall - TIGHT on Mary’s glowing face, flushed from the thrill of a man’s touch--
26) 4) dialog: Yet I found myself...stirred, a wanting like none other... We PULL BACK to see that she’s dancing with Bothwell--
26) 5) dialog: Not so much for him... Then gliding to another Nobleman, then another, her face warmed by the music and hundreds of candles that fill the room. As she whisks between the men--
26) 6) dialog: ..-but for the thing itself...the touch...skin upon skin. INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT The MUSIC from the DANCE continues as-- Dudley is kissing Elizabeth’s nape, beginning to unloosen corset, but Elizabeth pulls away. Dudley reluctantly lets go of the strings. Takes Elizabet hand and brings it between his legs.
27) 0) text: The Marys are rapt, gathered around Mary as she sits on t foot stool of her bed, now down to her smock. 27.
27) 1) dialog: I should like to marry again. To know what it means to have a man fully. But... And we see her shift from revery to cold prudence--
27) 2) dialog: -..-not if I am owned. The music STOPS. A beat. Mary stands.
27) 3) dialog: Shall we sleep?
28) 1) dialog: Worry not. She’s harmless... 28A. Mary whistles. The DOG runs over to her. Mary feeds her a piece of meat from her plate. She pets the dog affectiona as she devours the meat. 29.
28) 3) dialog: What accent is that?
28) 5) dialog: How is your command of French? With spirit, he launches into a popular Arbeau chanson--
28) 7) dialog: Is your hand as good as your French?
28) 9) dialog: I must make love to a woman, and I would have a man’s hand to help me. One who is loyal like my friend here. --she says as she TIME CUT to TIGHT parchment. We see Madame, (Madam, runs her hand through the dog’s fur. ON Rizzio’s hand writing with a quill on the words in French that we hear--
28) 10) dialog: ma bonne cousine... my good cousin...) We switch to English for the sake of clarity. And see Riz seated at a small table writing, Mary plucking grapes from a bundle while she reclines on a rug, dictating the letter-
28) 11) dialog: We are two sisters bound by womanhood, two Princes on the same island, and ruling side by side must do with affection...
28) 13) dialog: Yes. I like that. 30.
29) 0) text: Mary walks along the colonnade as we see flakes of snow floating down into the court. The Four Marys & Rizzio are with Mary's dogs, that are playing in the snow in the mid of the courtyard.
29) 1) dialog: ...-ruling side by side we must do so in harmony. Not through a treaty drafted by men lesser than ourselves, but respecting each other’s rightful claims granted by God... She places her palm out and lets a flake fall on it--
29) 2) dialog: As the first snow falls to the North...
30) 1) dialog: ...it is the same snow that will fall at your feet. CUT TO from ABOVE as the riderless horse is being led to entrance by a GROOM, snow covering the ground.
30) 2) dialog: From the same heaven above, in service of the same Lord...
31) 1) dialog: ..-And when the same spring flowers for us both... PULL back to see Elizabeth placing the curled paper into intricate quilling design of flowers on a painted board. 30A.
31) 2) dialog: I hope we might meet in person, that I might embrace you... 31. We TRACK UP to on Elizabeth’s face, warmed by the fire.
31) 3) dialog: .-+-and we might resolve our destinies...
34) 0) text: Dudley presents the portrait of Elizabeth to Mary. Randol is in attendance, as are Moray and Maitland. Mary is delighted to receive the gift - beaming with excitement. 32.
34) 2) dialog: Do you think it might stand with my honour to marry my sister's subject?
34) 4) dialog: I have such inheritance by blood, regardless of who I marry or do not marry. A provocation. Moray is anxious. Randolph remains cool.
34) 5) dialog: (to Dudley) We must discuss succession before marriage, not the other way around. Randolph grits his teeth. This meeting is a failure for h
34) 6) dialog: We hope we do not vex the Earl.
34) 8) dialog: Were I not a prince, I could not hope for a finer and more handsome man than you.
34) 11) dialog: We see why our cousin is so fond of the Earl. Then, on a dime, all business--
34) 12) dialog: (to Randolph) I shall respect Elizabeth's crown as soon as she names me its successor.
34) 14) dialog: For two years now we have dallied when the compromise could not be clearer. Elizabeth need merely agree to it.
34) 16) dialog: If she has any concerns about this proposal she may express them to me directly. Plans proceed for us to meet next month?
34) 18) dialog: Very well. We shall accomplish far more without envoys between us. A slight to Randolph, and we can read it in his eyes. She turns to Dudley again. Holding up the portrait of Elizabe
34) 19) dialog: (back to Dudley) How like is it unto your mistress’s face? INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY Elizabeth is in bed. She looks pale and sickly. Bess wipe her forehead with a damp rag as Cecil addresses her. Rand and Dudley are with him.
35) 0) text: TIGHT on Mary’s face, windswept and vigorous, as she ride through the lush, late spring countryside. Her entire entourage is on the move. We see her taking in the beauty the land, a smile on her face as she basks in the sun. The spell is broken by--
36) 0) text: The Royal entourage is in the background. Mary walks thro a field of grass and wildflowers at some distance, Randol next to her, Moray and Maitland several steps behind. 35.
36) 1) dialog: Could her Council not wait until her return?
36) 3) dialog: (concerned) And she receives them?
36) 5) dialog: You may tell my sister that we pray for swift peace, that we may meet soon.
36) 7) dialog: Stay with us the night back at Holyrood. I’m certain Mistress Beaton would welcome your company. Randolph blushes at the insinuation..
36) 11) dialog: You do not think she postpones...
36) 13) dialog: (sinking in) A false promise then. 35A.
36) 15) dialog: For refusing Dudley. Off Maitland’s look.
36) 16) dialog: This is a matter of the heart, not the state. They don’t mix well. She glances back at Beaton and Randolph. They are smiling happy. Then turns to the ladies.
36) 17) dialog: Wouldn’t you say, Mistress Fleming?
36) 19) dialog: (gesturing to Maitland) I speak of the state... (gesturing to Fleming) .-.and of the heart.
36) 22) dialog: Not so. They sometimes have value... As she returns to her horse she steals one more glance at Beaton and Randolph. 36.
38) 0) text: Beaton enters, breathless. Mary is being undressed by the three other Marys.
38) 3) dialog: How grave?
38) 5) dialog: (to Beaton) Go rouse my brother. As Beaton exits, to the other three--
38) 6) dialog: Back on with it. They hasten to re-dress her. Mary’s thoughts are swirling Several beats as she traverses exhilaration to doubt--
38) 7) dialog: Do you think me sinful?
38) 9) dialog: My excitement.
38) 11) dialog: (in French, to herself) Oui, c’est Dieu. (Yes, God.) (in English) He has his plan... 38.
39) 1) dialog: It will please you to know that I have warmed to the prospect of wedding Lord Dudley. We shall do SO... Rizzio dips his quill in the ink. We PULL BACK to see Mar dictating the letter--
39) 2) dialog: .+.upon one condition. She waits for Rizzio to catch up, then--
39) 3) dialog: While we wish you a long and healthy life, and that no injury or illness befall you, we shall only do you the favour of betrothing your special friend... Rizzio is writing furiously. Once again Mary waits for hi catch up. She stands and goes over to Rizzio so that she look over his shoulder as Moray and Maitland are doing--
39) 4) dialog: .»».once you name us heir. INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY Elizabeth is covered now with small pox boils. She is attended to by Bess as two other ladies keep vigil as she reads the letter from Mary.
41) 0) text: TIGHT on Mary, two hands covering her eyes. Giggles in th background. She’s smiling. We PULL BACK to see that Beato covering her eyes from behind.
41) 2) dialog: You look exquisite, Mademoiselle. Rizzo curtsies, with a feminine voice--
41) 5) dialog: Be whoever you wish with us. You make for a lovely sister. (to the ladies) Doesn’t she? The other ladies nod, feeling free to smile once again. W can sense Rizzio appreciates their acceptance. A knock at door. The ladies instantly pull the dress away from Rizzi
41) 6) dialog: Enter. 4l. The door opens, revealing Moray and an Attendant. He glan to Rizzio warily, then to Mary--
41) 8) dialog: They are Stuarts...
42) 12) dialog: How did you know?
43) 0) text: Mary and Darnley walking alone, the Four Marys trailing i the distance--
43) 2) dialog: I doubt tis faith that brings you. Rather the lands your father seeks. Or even the throne.
43) 4) dialog: Why would Elizabeth grant you passports if she did not intend you as a suitor? And by laying suit to me does not the House of Lennox lay suit to all of Scotland? Darnley chuckles. Mary is offended. She stops, turns to h
43) 5) dialog: I amuse you.
43) 7) dialog: How so?
43) 9) dialog: Her fears are wise. We both have Nobles who would have us deposed. Darnley takes the scolding without showing an ounce of regret. The opposite. He smiles back at her.
43) 11) text: Mary self-consciously brings her fingers to her cheek and turns away. Darnley places a hand on her face and turns h towards him. It’s an incredibly bold gesture.
43) 12) dialog: You dare touch a sovereign without her permission? Though she says this, she makes no effort to remove his h
45) 0) text: Rizzio plucking the strings casually. The Marys (minus Se are attending to Mary, powdering her face, combing her ha dabbing her wrists and neck with oils. Rizzio looks on as plays, a smile of appreciation at her beauty. Mary’s eyes shine with anticipation and anxiety. The Mary step away to have a look at their labors. Rizzio - contin to play--
45) 5) dialog: (nodding to a side table) There is wine if you desire it. Darnley fetches the bottle and pours a goblet. As he does
45) 6) dialog: When I refused you. I wish... She averts her eyes. She does not want to admit it. Glanc at the goblet of wine. 46.
45) 7) dialog: May I have some? He holds out the goblet. She reaches for it. But when her hand wraps around it, he places his other hand on hers. Caresses her fingers with his. An intake of air from Mary He slides her hand over the goblets rim, dipping her fing within. Then brings her fingers to his lips and glosses t wet with the sherry. Her mouth is parted, her breath quickening. His hand still on her wrist, he gently pulls forward. She closes her eyes and places her mouth on his. Then mov the tip of her tongue along the length of his lips, savou the wine on the tender flesh. He runs his hand through the hair at the nape of her neck pulls her closer still, so that now her lips are fully pressed against his. TIME CUTS as we see kissing grow more passionate. Mary is giving into a hunger she hasn’t indulged before - except Frangois, who wasn’t up to the task. There’s a ferocity t her desire, increasingly confident and instinctual. We see her run her hand along his leg, then between his thighs. When it finds its mark she pulls back.
45) 9) dialog: Do you not...desire me? Darnley doesn’t waste a moment.
45) 11) dialog: We cannot...
45) 15) dialog: Do you need to...?
47) 0) text: Mary rides on horseback, flanked by Moray and Maitland an small party of Nobles and Guards in tow. They are on a da trip to Arthur’s Seat.
47) 2) dialog: I do not wed him blindly. He has promised no ambition.
47) 4) dialog: He does.
49) 1) dialog: Dudley is her puppet. He offers no advantage.
49) 3) dialog: (blood up) Where is this promise? That has failed to appear these past four years?
51) 2) dialog: (a sharp blow) Do you command so little respect that you could not discourage them?
53) 0) text: Mary and the others are nearing the crest. On Darnley galloping fast on his horse past the other Nobles. He whirls around on his horse as he gets to Mary, canteri and stepping his horse sideways before her. Moray and Maitland eye him with the same contempt with wh Cecil beheld Dudley.
53) 4) dialog: Would he?
53) 7) dialog: I am but its servant. Darnley looks to her, not quite understanding. She contin to gaze out at the view beneath. He looks back out. A bea and now she turns to him.
53) 8) dialog: Are you prepared to be its servant? 51. Looking back at her, eyes ablaze. Does she mean what he thinks she means?
53) 10) dialog: Then ask. He takes her hand and brings it to his mouth, softly...
53) 14) dialog: Yes. Into her ear again--
53) 16) dialog: Yes.
53) 18) dialog: Yes. And whispering into her ear--
53) 20) dialog: My husband. He laughs - giddy, joyful, not necessarily absorbing the correction for what it was. 52. She laughs in return, squeezes his hand. They both turn a once again gaze out upon the view together.
54) 0) text: Randolph stands before Mary, Moray and Maitland are prese
54) 2) dialog: She asked that I marry an English Nobleman. And now she deprives me?
54) 4) dialog: You may tell your mistress I shall do so, with or without her blessing.
54) 6) dialog: It is enough my own Lords treat me as though I’m but a girl... On Moray, about to step forward, but Maitland holds him b
54) 7) dialog: I will not be treated as such by Elizabeth. I will be the woman she is not. I shall produce an heir, unlike her barren self. Randolph is stunned silent and paralyzed.
54) 8) dialog: (to an Attendant) Prepare the Ambassador’s horse. Randolph bows and makes for his exit. As he passes Beaton averts her eyes so as not to make contact with his. As so as he is gone, Moray steps forward, incensed.
54) 11) dialog: (calm and cold) Tis your voice raised, sir. And you would lower it in my presence. Moray has reached the breaking point, but he lowers his v - speaking slowly and purposefully.
54) 13) dialog: If you must. Whether he is bluffing or not, she has called it. And fro the resoluteness in her eyes, both we and Moray know she not bluffing in response.
56) 0) text: TIGHT on Mary’s hand - three royal marriage rings upon it DARNLEY’S hand enters frame, similarly ringed. Mary place her hand on his. Drums strike up the dance. Pull back to reveal MARY and DARNLEY standing alone in th centre of the hall hand on hand. The wedding banquet is o the tables are pushed back and the wedding guests stand around the hall watching.
58) 0) text: The wedding dance continues and Mary and Darnley are join by BETON, SETON & LIVINGSTON and their dance partners. FLEMING encourages MAITLAND to join the dance but he resi MARY notices MAITLAND. Other nobles decline to dance and on disapprovingly. Mary remains regal despite the lack of enthusiasm, althou we can sense it bothers her. Darnley, is less able to hid his displeasure.
61) 0) text: Thirty Male Guests dance in lines with military precision It’s quite formal choreography. But a very drunk Darnley inserts himself into the dance, sloppy and grinning. He i trying to get the dancers to bow to him, the king. 56A. The Dancers attempt to continue, but it’s difficult to navigate around him. On Mary, embarrassed by her husband. looks over to Rizzio, who is strumming his lute. Somethin should be done. Rizzio takes the cue. He strolls toward Darnley, still strumming, in a half-walk, half-dance - circles Darnley a though it’s all part of the choreography, then brings his arms around Darnley from behind, placing the lute at his chest, as though his arms are Darnley’s arms. Everyone laughs. It’s a comedic and graceful way to get Darnley ou the way. He spins Darnley as he’s strumming, walking him to the side, almost as if all of it were planned. 57.
63) 0) text: On Mary watching something. We CUT TO her POV: It’s Darnley and Rizzio off to the side of the room, Darn on Rizzio’s lap, drunkenly letting him play the lute, laughing and plucking the strings himself. BACK ON Mary, perturbed by both Darnley’s drunkenness and Rizzio’s familiarity with him.
64) 0) text: A continuation of Scene 78. The column of rebel soldiers passes by Knox, Moray with him. Knox is giving blessings they march past him, palm raised, mouthing “Bless you” an “In service of the Lord.” INT. HOLYROOD - DARNLEY’S CHAMBER - DAY TIGHT on Darnley’s face. He is passed out on his bed. A h SLAPS his face. 58. And with the slap the pipes and drums stop. Darnley opens his eyes, squinting. Sees Mary standing bef him. We see that Rizzio lays in the bed next to Darnley. Rizzio is stirring now. Is horrified to see Mary.
64) 1) dialog: (to Darnley) Rise and prepare yourself. As Darnley sits up he sees Bothwell in the door. Is surpr to see him in his Royal Chamber.
64) 3) dialog: (turns to Bothwell) He is in your care.
65) 0) text: An OFFICER is showing her how to load and cock a pistol. aims it at the wall and fires. With a loud BANG and puff smoke the lead ball leaves a small crater in the plastere facade. He turns back to Mary.
65) 1) dialog: Now I shall try. He hands her the pistol, bag of gunpowder and a lead ball she prepares the pistol for it’s next shot, Rizzio - now dressed - emerges from within and approaches her. Livings intercepts him to prevent him getting to Mary.
65) 6) dialog: Let him approach. The Guards step aside. Rizzio approaches her sheepishly. falls to his knees in front of her.
65) 8) dialog: Stand. 59. He does.
65) 9) dialog: You have not betrayed your nature. He is anguished by her kindness.
65) 10) dialog: I cannot fault you for succumbing to his charms as I did. (beat) But we must be more careful now. He nods, grateful for her mercy. She raises the pistol an aims at the wall. She pulls the trigger and BANG... On which we CUT TO-- EXT. MARY’S CAMP —- DAY Mary rides at the vanguard. She is fitted with armour and steel cap on her head, pistol in a saddle holster. Bothwe is similarly armoured and armed. Darnley rides a few yards behind them, wearing a gilded breastplate, looking pale and weary. Mary looks vibrant and at ease. She seems in her element, the move, the head of an army 10,000 soldiers strong.
65) 12) dialog: The English can easily supply them there...
65) 14) dialog: What would you have us do?
65) 18) dialog: How far?
65) 20) dialog: Give the order. Bothwell turns his horse around and begins riding down th line, shouting the order for a quickstep. The entire colu begins to pick up speed, the foot soldiers marching more briskly. Mary wheels her horse around to follow Bothwell the line.
65) 22) dialog: Are you afraid Henry?
65) 24) dialog: Good. Because our swords are not just for show. 60. And she yanks on the reins, trotting down the line. Off Darnley, emasculated and alienated. TIME CUT to Mary on foot, leading her horse by the reins, walking side by side with the common foot soldiers. As th walk briskly past her they each lower their heads out of respect. Three YOUNG SOLDIERS walk past. They look no old than 16. They’re shy when she addresses them.
65) 25) dialog: Whence come you?
65) 27) dialog: Fishermen?
65) 29) dialog: I am sorry we have only mutton. Two of the boys smile shyly at this. The third (HECTOR MACLEAN), just smiles at seeing the other two laugh.
65) 31) dialog: Catholic?
65) 33) dialog: (to Hector) And you?
65) 35) dialog: Tell him I’m grateful for his service.
65) 39) dialog: Tell him: If any of us should die today, we all go to the same heaven.
66) 0) text: It’s getting late in the afternoon now. We hear the stead beat of a REBEL DRUMMER giving tempo to the march. An impatient Moray berates his men. From a mound covered in twisted pine, we see the men trud along a curved track. Ahead of them is a bridge, which fo a fast-flowing river. Moray and his men are on its West B This, unbeknownst to Moray, is MARY’s point of view. The air is heavy with midges. The soldiers are fatigued lugging expensive, heavy muskets and weaponry: Cecil's supplies. Moray rides up and down the line, driving the troops forward. Frustrated, he commands the Rebel Drummer pick up the tempo.
67) 0) text: Mary rides triumphantly at the head of her column, glowin from her victory. Down the line, Soldier #3 leads a Gaeli chant. A rough and lovely song of praise. The whole troop joins in. Mary glances over at Darnley, who is waving bac accepting their affirmation.
68) 0) text: Mary is being undressed by the Four Marys. They’re almost finished when there is a knock at the door. It opens, revealing Darnley. He’s visibly inebriated.
68) 2) dialog: How much have you had?
68) 5) dialog: Close your eyes. He does. She continues to stroke.
68) 6) dialog: You’re almost there.
68) 8) dialog: Think of Rizzio. He opens his eyes, furious. Slaps her hard in the face. S reels, placing a hand to her cheek. He gets up and grabs by the wrist. Pulls her over to the bed and bends her ove pressing her face down into the sheets. While he’s holding her down he begins to jerk himself, to himself hard enough. Mary does not struggle. She wants a child, whatever she must endure to produce one. Sufficiently hard, Darnley pushes up Mary’s gown and begi to forcibly take her from behind. Mary winces. It’s painf It's degrading. But she knows it will be over soon. And it is - in less than 30 seconds. Darnley grunts with climax, then stumbles out of the room. On Mary, trying to hold back tears. It was awful, but she achieved what she wanted to. She climbs onto the bed and down on her back. Pulls her knees up to her chest. A few moments later the Four Marys re-enter. They see fro Mary’s position that the deed is done.
68) 9) dialog: Pray for me. The Four Marys kneel around the bed and lower their heads prayer. During which we begin to hear a PRIEST’S voice fr the high Latin mass...
70) 0) text: Tight on Mary’s face as we hear Darnley pounding on the d From outside we hear--
70) 2) dialog: Let him in. Rizzio goes the door. Undoes the bolt and opens it. Darnl is surprised to see him.
70) 4) dialog: Come, Henry. He brushes past Rizzio and goes to the bed. Rizzio and th ladies exit.
70) 7) dialog: You shouldn't be attending Catholic service. It insults our Lords.
70) 11) dialog: We know not if it’s a he. Darnley cannot check his temper any longer--
70) 13) dialog: Please, I am tired...
70) 16) dialog: You are a Stuart. That matters more than love. We see fury in his eyes. But he needs her, so he has to dampen his rage.
71) 0) text: Darnley sits at the head table, an empty seat next to him dejected. The other guests are talking amongst themselves Then a hush. Heads swiveling. Everyone stands and turns t the main door. Mary’s ladies stand behind her. She looks resplendent. A smile, her face glowing with forthcoming motherhood. Her dress is equally stunning. There is no effort to hide the bump in her belly. As she makes her way to the head table the guests murmur each other, presumably about her pregnancy. She takes her place at Darnley’s side but remains standin address the guests. With infectious charm--
71) 1) dialog: If you have wondered where your Queen was these past few months, now there are no secrets. The whisperings can end. Spring comes bearing fruit. Laughter and applause among the guests.
71) 2) dialog: My husband and I give thanks. She takes Darnley’s hand and smiles. He forces a smile in return. This is all for show.
71) 3) dialog: With heaven’s blessing we bring another Stuart into this world, heir to Scotland...and to England. The addition of “England” is provocative. People begin to applaud, although some are too jolted to do so. We pop to Randolph, who turns to Maitland with shock.
74) 0) text: Mary is in a basin, receiving a bath. She is wearing a bathing gown in the water, as is custom. 70. The Four Marys attend to her, wiping her neck and arms wi damp cloths. Her belly rises just above the waterline lik dome.
74) 3) dialog: Margaret, I think - after my grandmother. To remind her that she is as much Tudor as Stuart. (beat) She is also Henry’s grandmother.
74) 5) dialog: I think not. He shares the same name as Elizabeth’s father.
74) 7) dialog: (trying it out) James... She lets the name echo in her head. She likes it. Then--
74) 8) dialog: Oh - Look...he likes it too... The women look at the dome of her belly poking above the water. There are small ripples across the surface from th baby kicking. All five women stare in fascination. PRELAP: The sound of HOOVES as we go TIGHT on the ripples
77) 0) text: Mary, Rizzio, Seton and Fleming are playing cards in the small dining closet attached to the main room. TIGHT on the table as Rizzio lays down a jack of clubs. Mary lays down a king on top of Rizzio’s jack. Takes the trump with a smile. Rizzio shakes his head, smiling too--
77) 2) dialog: (teasing) It’s the only good card I-- But she’s interrupted by the sound of a door bursting ope the main chamber, followed by the sound of boots. Before she can even rise, Conspirators are pouring into t room. Maitland spies Rizzio in the dining cabinet.
77) 5) dialog: You dare charge into my chamber unannounced and--
77) 7) dialog: I am with child... Lennox grabs Mary and pushes her toward Darnley. 74.
77) 12) dialog: No... But one of the Conspirators holds a pistol up to her, coc at her belly, where her unborn child lies. Then she hears a moan. Looks over to see the melee by the main door. Conspirators stabbing Rizzio relentlessly. The Conspirators step aside, revealing a bloodied Rizzio the ground, his near lifeless eyes still open, labored breaths coming from his riddled chest. He looks to Mary. wants to go to him, but still has the pistol pointed at h
78) 0) text: Bothwell gallops away from Edinburgh - alone on his horse accompaniment - fleeing for his life. He glances back as rides, making sure he’s not being followed. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBERS - DAY Silence except for a swishing sound... Mary and Darnley sit on opposite sides of the room, still both in shock. Mary’s tears are gone, but her eyes are st red, and she’s made still by an oppressive numbness. We CUT TO the source of the swishing sound. Kate is scrub the floor where Rizzio’s corpse was. A Guard is standing her, keeping his eyes on Mary. Kate finishes. Wipes her brow, and exits with the scrub b and bucket. Back on Darnley, who glances over at Mary. She seems to b staring beyond the walls into a bleak and uncertain futur
78) 2) dialog: You are trying to usurp my crown. Maitland, hearing the hot exchange from the adjacent cham looks inside to see what’s happening.
78) 4) dialog: One minute makes not a man. Nor do your stupors, which made you more woman than a man. 76. This stings Darnley to the core. He stands, mustering all authority he can.
78) 6) dialog: I shall not. During which an Attendant enters, whispers to Maitland. Maitland turns to Darnley.
78) 9) dialog: You are a traitor. (to Maitland) As are you. (back to Darnley) And until I am killed, and forever after, God will see you as such.
78) 11) dialog: My brother conspired...?
78) 14) dialog: (to Maitland) Am I to be imprisoned here alone? (MORE )
78) 16) dialog: Or may I have the company of my gentlewomen?
78) 18) dialog: Then at least let my husband remain. Or would you have a drunkard for a King? A beat. Then Maitland exits, closing the door behind hims Upon hearing the door close, Darnley re-enters the main bedroom. Seeing Maitland gone--
78) 19) dialog: Come Henry. I do not feel well. She gets up from the chair, then sways, seeming off-balan Darnley heads over to lend her an arm.
78) 20) dialog: Will you forgive my harsh words?
78) 22) dialog: Help me into bed... She takes his arm as they head to the bed.
79) 0) text: Moray enters the gate on horseback flanked by two armed GUARDS. Maitland hurriedly approaches as he dismounts. Th exchange a few words. Moray walks with brisk urgency towa the entrance, Maitland close behind. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY Moray and Maitland enter to find Mary on the bed, clutchi her stomach, moaning in pain. Darnley is beside her, with four Marys and Kate.
79) 2) dialog: Brother... 78.
79) 7) dialog: (to Moray) Please... Mary grips Darnley’s arm, gritting her teeth in pain.
79) 8) dialog: It is your son.
79) 14) dialog: Who else have they killed?
79) 17) dialog: It is done.
79) 19) dialog: Compose yourself. We must be strong now. Fleming nods. Mary gets up and retrieves a gold, jewel- encrusted cross from her personal altar. Heads to the des and retrieves a letter opener.
79) 20) dialog: (to Fleming) Let them hear me. As I was. Fleming begins to moan as Mary was. Meanwhile Mary starts pry the sapphire loose with the opener.
81) 0) text: Mary and Darnley in bed. She is in her night clothes now, looking spent. Darnley still has his arms wrapped around They talk quietly, with their eyes closed, like lovers.
81) 2) dialog: Not yet. He grips her tighter, pulling her close. He runs a palm across her belly. A pause. Then--
81) 4) dialog: Maitland is very persuasive.
81) 6) dialog: My brother even more so. You must be careful of them both. A beat as she lets this settle in, Then--
81) 7) dialog: They will take your crown as well as mine. She lets this sink in for him. Then--
81) 8) dialog: We should leave here. Darnley doesn’t answer. Mary presses, gingerly.
81) 9) dialog: It’s best. For all three of us. She places her hand on the one he has on her belly.
84) 0) text: Mary, Darnley and their small entourage approach the cast
85) 0) text: Mary and Darnley enter. We see scores of soldiers. Darnle was not expecting this and we can read it on his face. As two enter, a command is given and the soldiers all turn t stand at attention. Darnley sees Bothwell, fully armored. Turns to Mary...
85) 3) dialog: Do not make them use force. Darnley’s shocked by the betrayal.
88) 0) text: A very pregnant Mary looks over a document. Bothwell to t side. Maitland and Moray glance at each other anxiously a she finishes reading, looks up--
88) 1) dialog: My husband claims he knew nothing of your plot until the day itself.
88) 4) dialog: Not destroyed. (holds up the document) We shall sign this pardon as soon as you produce the bond. Maitland looks to Moray. Moray nods. This can be done.
89) 0) text: Mary and Moray walk side by side. There are SOLDIERS camp outside the palace.
89) 1) dialog: You visited mother and me here, before we left for France. Do you remember?
89) 3) dialog: Here, in this field - you lifted me high when I said I wished to be a bird.
89) 5) dialog: I understand why you wouldn’t remember a trifling thing like that. Of what consequence are the fancies of a little girl.
89) 7) dialog: I should like you to hold my child up one day, and make him fly as you made me. She looks to him. He isn’t sure what to say.
89) 8) dialog: He will be born a Prince. And one day King. I want him to love his uncle and to be born into a peaceful land.
89) 10) dialog: Then will you love your sister as you would love her child? He does not answer. 86.
89) 11) dialog: For she still loves you, and if it is a son, she will call him James, for both his grandfather and his uncle. Moray turns, overcome with emotion - a rare event for him Mary touches his arm.
89) 12) dialog: James... He turns back to her, swallowing his tears, clenching his to prevent himself from weeping.
90) 0) text: WRITING THE LETTER HERSELF Mary rides in the back of a covered wagon with the Four Marys, too pregnant to ride o her own. A few soldiers accompany the wagon. She looks ou onto landscape, taking in the stark beauty of her Kingdom She seems secure - sure of herself - far more so than whe she first arrived in Scotland. During which-- 88.
90) 1) dialog: My dearest cousin - we have had our differences and what sorrow it has brought my heart. But before I bring a child into this world... INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY TIGHT on a flat blade quilling a strip of paper for a hal finished flower. Unlike before, the flowers are a blend o several coloured papers, giving them a shaded look--
90) 2) dialog: ...I wish to reconcile. I would our child have two mothers... The hand with the blade suddenly pauses at this, frozen h curl.
90) 3) dialog: ++.a mother who bears him... We PULL BACK to see it is Elizabeth, listening as Bess re the letter to her - although it is still Mary’s voice we hear.
90) 4) dialog: .»+-and you, his chosen Godmother... Elizabeth is visibly moved by this. She sets the blade do
90) 5) dialog: No child would be more blessed.
91) 0) text: Mary squats as she is in labor, as children were birthed her time. Her hair is matted with sweat, her face flushed from pain. Kate and the Four Marys are at her side.
92) 1) dialog: Your terms are most agreeable, and delight us greatly. It is only right that your heirs succeed you if you marry... The exhausted but smiling Mary on her bed as the swaddled baby is placed into her arms for the first time.
92) 2) dialog: .--and bear children of your own.
93) 1) dialog: .--And should you not, it is my son’s great honor to rule by your sublime example. TIME CUT TO Elizabeth helping to remove the bridle and th petting the horse for having done well.
94) 0) text: Mary is seated in the corner, breast-feeding her infant, warm, glowing maternal smile on her face as she looks dow the suckling child. The Four Marys are present. A knock at the door. Fleming heads to answer the door as Seton retrieves a linen shawl to cover Mary’s breast as t child continues to feed. Once covered, Mary nods to Fleming, who opens the door, revealing Darnley and Bothwell. Darnley looks meek, and t worse for wear. 89A.
94) 2) dialog: Come. Darnley goes over. Bothwell averts his eyes so as not to the Queen in undress. Darnley looks down on the child. Attempts to stroke his cheek. But as soon as he does, the child begins to cry.
94) 3) dialog: Shhhh. But the child keeps crying. Beaton comes over. Mary hands child off to her. Beaton rocks the child back and forth a Mary pulls the shawl over herself.
94) 5) dialog: We have procured a house for you. Bothwell will see you there. A beat - Darnley comprehends the implication of her words
94) 7) dialog: Is this not your name? Darnley goes over to it. Looks down. He’s caught, momenta frozen. But the inveterate liar that he is, he retorts wi
94) 9) dialog: Henry...
94) 11) dialog: It is your hand. 89B.
94) 13) dialog: Stop...
94) 20) dialog: (calmly) For your child’s sake, be contented with a pardon and your life. (glances at the child) You may say good-bye. Beaton brings the child over to Darnley. Darnley tries to touch the child’s face again, but it only wails louder. T possibility that this may be the last time he ever sees J gets to Darnley. He begins to weep. To Mary--
94) 22) dialog: Go now. 89C.
94) 25) dialog: (to Bothwell) Take him. Bothwell approaches Darnley and takes his arm. But he won be man-handled again. He wrests his arm away, and with th last bit of dignity he can muster, he exits on his own, Bothwell following. On Mary - rocking the child in her arms as she watches Darnley and Bothwell exit.
95) 0) text: Mary’s assembled Council - including Moray, Maitland and Bothwell - stand when she enters. TIME CUT to everyone seating, mid-conversation--
95) 2) dialog: It is forbidden.
95) 4) dialog: He is the father of my child. I will not do him such an indignity.
95) 6) dialog: Elizabeth would not welcome him. She is not so foolish as to choose a degenerate over her sister. INT. ELIZABETH’S COUNCIL - DAY Elizabeth’s council similarly gathered.
96) 2) dialog: He is harmless.
96) 4) dialog: You have commanded armies against armies. Now you fear a single man?
96) 6) dialog: Then why advocate divorce?
96) 8) dialog: So you do fear him.
96) 10) dialog: Just as you vowed to protect me, I vowed loyalty to my husband - however regrettable that vow may be. I owe him neither comfort nor title, but I will not become a lady Henry Eighth, dispensing with husbands as he did wives. INT. ELIZABETH’S COUNCIL -DAY
97) 1) dialog: ...I have brought peace to our land, produced an heir to my throne and arranged succession to my sister’s. Our strength is secure. Her command of the room is total. Then, with a softer ton
97) 2) dialog: Let my husband rave and threaten. We pity his madness, and it is punishment enough. 92. As Mary stands, the Lords begin to stand and--
101) 0) text: Mary hurries over to James and lifts him up and away from carrion. Rubs his hands clean with the hem of her dress. INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT Darnley is wrapping his finger with his shirt tail, tryin stem the blood he bends down to pick up the bottle when-- BOOM with a FLASH that fills the screen, an explosion roc the room. Darnley and the naked YOUNG MAN is hit by the b of the explosion. A tapestry is blown from the wall acros the room, onto Darnley bending over on the floor.
102) 0) text: Mary bolts up in bed, awakened from the sound. The Four M are stirred awake too. James is standing in his crib, cry
105) 0) text: Mary is sitting at one of the tables, cradling James, who fast asleep. The Four Marys are with her. There are half dozen Guards in the room. Bothwell enters. He sits down across from her. Gently-- 94.
105) 2) dialog: Is he dead? Bothwell gives her a sympathetic look which confirms this Mary breaks into sobs. James wakes up, troubled by his mother’s tears. Seton comes over and takes the child from her, who has begun to cry himself.
106) 0) text: The sky gray with pre-dawn light. Mary’s final few trunks being loaded onto a wagon. Mary is kneeling before James, holding his hands to help him stand. Seton awaits on a ho Bothwell is with them. She’s saying good-bye, and it’s ha
106) 1) dialog: Will you be good? The child stares blankly at her. She lifts the child up to Seton. The child looks as thoug might cry. Mary takes his foot and shakes it. His would-b tears morph into giggles.
106) 2) dialog: Yes - you’ll be good. And she tenderly kisses his foot. Then nods to Seton, try to remain strong in her farewell. Seton begins to trot ou the gate, accompanied by two SOLDIERS on horseback. Mary watches them go for a moment, in an impenetrable daz lost in her thoughts, oblivious to all else. Bothwell pla a hand on her shoulder. Then leads her toward her own hor and the wagon where the three other Marys are already sea cloaks on, ready for the journey.
107) 0) text: Mary, Bothwell and the Royal Entourage approach the castl a gloomy, militaristic seaside edifice. 95.
108) 0) text: Mary is being undressed by her ladies. They have only rem her outer sleeves when the door opens, revealing Bothwell turns away so as not to see her unsleeved arms.
108) 2) dialog: No need.
108) 4) dialog: You may look. ‘Tis only my arms. He turns to her. He looks nervous. It’s unlike him.
108) 6) dialog: What brings you? Bothwell hesitates, then finding his confidence, launches
108) 8) dialog: It has only been a day...
108) 10) dialog: My God...What have you done? Bothwell simply stares at her. 96.
108) 11) dialog: No.
108) 13) dialog: Leave me. Now.
108) 15) dialog: Murderer.
108) 17) dialog: Please... He lets go. She sits up, overcome with sobs. Bothwell goe the door and opens it. To the three Marys in the hall--
110) 0) text: Mary and Bothwell at the altar of the chapel, the Bishop presiding. Maitland and Moray are in attendance. TIME CUT TO Bothwell placing the rings on Mary’s hand. Th kneel and the Bishop blesses them both, then begins to pr This may be INTERCUT with the scene 154, adding a layer o the priests chanting in the wedding portion. 98.
112) 0) text: Maitland and Moray sit across a table from Mary and Bothw There is no food. Only the bare table top and the solemni of the conversation. Moray hates every moment of this. Bothwell is furious. To Maitland and Moray.
112) 6) dialog: As they have done their Queen since the day she returned. Moray, ashamed, looks down at his hands.
112) 7) dialog: (to Bothwell) Were you fool enough to trust these men? Who took up arms against you? Bothwell looks tortured, having been played.
112) 10) dialog: (to Moray) Brother?
112) 12) dialog: You hold my son prisoner?
112) 14) dialog: Your namesake, James. Named for you.
112) 16) dialog: I will not do it. 100.
112) 18) dialog: Then I shall meet force with force. Maitland has reached the end of his patience.
112) 21) dialog: (defiant) Many times you have said I cannot do what I have done.
112) 24) dialog: All I have done is try to unify this land. A glimmer of hope on Moray’s face. Is she bending? But Ma only allows her self-doubt to linger for a moment.
112) 25) dialog: To relinquish the crown would be against God’s will.
112) 27) dialog: I wish that we were kin. But we are no longer so. Moray nods, disappointed. He understands and cannot fault her. He stands and makes his way towards the door. Bothwell moves his hand on top of Mary’s. She pulls hers away. She cannot be comforted, certainly not by him.
113) 0) text: Mary is with the three remaining Marys at the cliff’s edg overlooking the ocean. She and Fleming are at the fore, Livingston and Beaton several yards behind. The waves are crashing below. In French--
113) 1) dialog: Si vous souhaitez fuir, vous et les autres, vous devriez le faire immédiatement. (If you and the others wish to flee, you should do so.)
113) 3) dialog: Vous avez assez fait. Vous ne me devez pas vos vies. (You have done enough. You do not owe me your lives.)
113) 5) dialog: Je n’ai pas le choix. (I have no choice.)
113) 7) dialog: (glancing back) Prenez Livingston avec vous. (MORE )
113) 9) dialog: Elle s’est toujours sentie dépaysée ici. Et Beaton languirait si elle se trouvait toute seule. (Take Livingston. She has never felt at home here. And Beaton would not fare well on her own.)
113) 12) dialog: Faites ce que je vous dis. (Do as I say.)
113) 14) dialog: Une reine n’a pas de soeurs. Elle n’a que son pays. (A Queen has no sisters. She has only her country.)
113) 17) dialog: I would.
113) 19) dialog: Je ne m’attends pas 4 votre compréhension. Il n’y a qu’une autre reine qui puisse comprendre. (I do not expect you to understand. Only another Queen could.)
113) 21) dialog: Et elle pourrait faire pire encore. Mais je ne vais pas m’enfuir. (And may do worse yet. But I will not flee her.) Now Mary turns her back on the sea to gaze on the land--
113) 22) dialog: Ma vie est ici maintenant. (My life is here now.) We begin to hear the sound of BAGPIPES--
115) 0) text: KNOX stands before congregation. We see images of Mary an Moray preparing for battle.
116) 0) text: MARY alone at prayer. Bothwell, unnoticed is behind her. watches her and leaves.
118) 0) text: VERY TIGHT on HECTOR - THE HIGHLANDER - the one who Mary spoke to. His entire face fills the screen. We see nothin else. It is streaked with mud and caked blood. He is on h back. Fallen. We can hear the battle surrounding him on all sides, CLAMORING and FIERCE, but see NOTHING of it, only his fac He gurgles fresh blood from his mouth. The sound of the battle starts to FADE as we push into his eyes, replaced by the sound of his strained breathing. As we push CLOSER we hear his voice, in SCOTTISH GAELIC, struggling to recite “Hail Mary”--
120) 0) text: Pre-dawn light. The FISHERMAN preparing a rowboat for the journey across. Two of Mary’s ESCORTS are with her. As th Fisherman sets to unfurling the sail, Mary gazes out acro the water at a thin ribbon of land on the horizon--
120) 1) dialog: England does not look so different from Scotland.
123) 0) text: Mary is at a small window, looking out.
125) 2) dialog: Cousin...? And we INTERCUT between the two, in separate spaces, hear but not seeing each other.
125) 5) dialog: Your voice is not what I expected.
125) 7) dialog: I do not know. 109.
125) 9) dialog: We are in your country. I shall speak your language. She waits for Elizabeth to respond, but she does not. Mar takes a step closer.
125) 10) dialog: How I long to see your face. But she stops short of revealing herself.
125) 12) dialog: Yes, I have been instructed.
125) 14) dialog: Am I your subject now?
125) 16) dialog: (swallowing pride) I am grateful for your protection. They are so close, but still cannot see each other.
125) 17) dialog: How did it come to this? Elizabeth does not have an answer. 110.
125) 18) dialog: May I see you, sister? Elizabeth is frozen. Mary waits, but with no response, st into the same space as Elizabeth. As she does Elizabeth turns, so her back is to Mary. Elizabeth brings her finge to the side of her wig, making sure there are no underlay locks out of place.
125) 20) dialog: I should have stayed true to your love. I should have followed your example and never married.
125) 22) dialog: Whom I have not seen these past two years. Whose mother is without a crown. Whose own throne is usurped by his uncle. Elizabeth still has her back to Mary--
125) 24) dialog: I have no faith in him. (beat) I have only faith in you. On Elizabeth, closing her eyes. She can guess what is to next, and it is a difficult matter. Mary takes a few step closer to her--
125) 25) dialog: You would let them show the world that a Queen can so easily be forsworn? No answer from Elizabeth.
125) 26) dialog: Answer me, sister. 111.
125) 28) dialog: Did you come so far at such great risk only to refuse me?
125) 30) dialog: If you refuse me, say it to my face. Do not force to me beg to your back. Elizabeth turns and they take each other in for the first time. We see pride and humility on both their faces, ange and love, compassion and antagonism - a kaleidoscope of contradictions. Then, eventually--
125) 31) dialog: I will kneel before you if I must.
125) 33) dialog: I have been abandoned by so many. I am utterly alone.
125) 35) dialog: Then be my sister. Be my boy’s Godmother. Together we could conquer all of those who doubt us. Do not play into their hands. Our enmity is precisely what they hope for. I know your heart has more within it than the men who counsel you.
125) 38) dialog: Except to seed rebellion and deceive me time and time again.
125) 40) dialog: I will not be scolded by my inferior. Elizabeth is stunned by the comment.
125) 42) dialog: I am a Stuart, which gives me greater claim to England than you possess. Elizabeth brings a hand to her wig--
125) 46) dialog: What now, sister?
125) 48) dialog: Until you have me killed.
125) 50) dialog: Wouldn't you? As Henry killed your mother?
125) 52) dialog: His blood is your blood.
125) 54) dialog: If I seek to help your enemies, tis only because you pushed me to their arms. And should you murder me, remember that you murder your sister...and you murder your Queen. That is the final straw. Elizabeth goes to the door leadi to the kitchen and opens it. Both Bess and the Attache st As Elizabeth goes to the door Bess glances over at Mary, glares back at her, defiant.
132) 0) text: As an aged Cecil places a document before Elizabeth - the warrant for Mary’s execution - she stares directly at us, stoic, an old woman lost in a memory--
133) 0) text: Mary approaches the Great Hall as she did at the beginnin but now we are in front of her instead of behind her, and is the young, resplendent Queen Elizabeth imagines--
134) 0) text: The vast room is filled with a hundred spectators. The wo stage. Soldiers to the side. The crowd parts to make room for Mary and her procession they enter. The spectators look upon her with silent awe fascination as she heads directly for the stage, mounts t steps to the platform where two MASKED MEN stand waiting her. One of them offers her a small stool on which to sit
134) 3) dialog: James, my only son, I pray that with your life you will succeed where I could not, and for which I am about to give my life... We CUT TO Bull - the Executioner - who bows his head in supplication--
134) 5) dialog: I forgive you with all my heart. For now, I hope, you shall make an end of all my troubles. Bull gestures to a cushion before her in front of the blo Mary kneels and begins to pray, head bowed, eyes closed--
134) 6) dialog: Salve, Regina, Mater misericordie, vita, dulcedo, et spes nostra, salve. Ad te clamamus exsules filii Heve, In te Domino confido... Her Latin prayer fades as it is replaced my Mary's V.O.
134) 7) dialog: I shall be watching you from heaven... Mary’s eyes open as Bull places his hand on Mary’s should We hear the steady drone of a single bag pipe.
135) 1) dialog: As your crown, one day, unites two Kingdoms. A flourish of notes from the bag pipe.
136) 1) dialog: And we shall have peace. A deep intake of air, the pipes growing even louder. A sl exhale. The briefest flash of calm. BLACKOUT. SILENCE.