12) 0) text: CLOSE on the EARL OF MORAY, Regent of Scotland and Mary’s half-brother. He is atop a small bridge with windows on either side as he watches Mary’s entourage approach benea The castle itself looms above them all. We can see a flurry of activity in the courtyard beyond SERVANTS darting through the courtyard in preparation for Queen’s arrival, hurriedly lighting torches. On his face see tenseness. He’d rather none of this were happening. Moray leaves the window to go and greet his sister. TIME CUT to the Courtyard. TIGHT on Mary’s outstretched h Then Moray’s face enters the frame and lightly kisses it. We PULL BACK to see Moray kneeling before her, removing h sword as he does so.
13) 0) text: Mary, Moray and the Four Marys make their way through corridors and a series of chambers, some half-furnished a being decorated for the Queen, others still bare. Everyth feels a bit ad hoc and rushed. The servants bow as Mary passes. She soaks it in during the following exchange wit Moray - only vaguely familiar. On the whole she might as be laying eyes upon these rooms for the first time.
13) 1) dialog: You must be tired.
13) 3) dialog: Supper is being prepared. We can have it brought to your chamber if you like.
13) 5) dialog: How long will you be staying?
13) 7) dialog: In Scotland. 10. She answers him just as casually, though like the questio itself, there’s nothing casual about it’s substance.
13) 9) dialog: Of course not. We’ve long awaited your return. Moray turns to a servant - KATE, elderly - who has been trailing behind them. MORAY (CONT’D) Kate will show you to your chambers.
13) 11) dialog: Do you intend to stay as well?
13) 13) dialog: She is well protected here.
13) 15) dialog: And what reward does your loyalty command?
14) 0) text: Mary is seated while an ARTIST paints a miniature portrai her. The Four Marys are overseeing ATTENDANTS who are in process of hanging tapestries on the walls. Mary is begin to make the place her own. Moray is with her.
14) 1) dialog: Emperor Ferdinand looks to wed one of his sons... 12.
14) 3) dialog: They are a good family. Quite powerful.
14) 5) dialog: A small price for such a favorable union. She turns to him--
14) 10) dialog: (stifling his annoyance) I know nothing of these matters. She takes his hand. Warmly--
19) 0) text: TIGHT on a young Italian Man - RIZZIO - playing the Renaissance Violin with accompaniment. He is comely, and talented musician. The chamber is still in the process of being decorated - more modest in its architecture and furnishings than what saw in Hampton Court, but still brighter and more luxurio than when we first saw the castle. The Four Marys are staring at Rizzio with admiration, eve perhaps a bit of lust. He smiles at Livingston, who looks her feet while blushing. The other Marys giggle, drawing attention from some of the NOBLES who are waiting in a li to kiss Mary’s hand. Among those passing by is MAITLAND - a high-ranking Noble diplomatic and innocuous on the surface, but a snake with He and Fleming lock eyes - an instant attraction. Moray introduces the guests to Mary as they come before h
19) 1) dialog: William Maitland of Lethington, Secretary of State. Maitland turns his attention back to Mary. Kneels down an kisses her hand. Next up is KNOX - a Protestant Cleric, severely dressed w an even more severe manner. MORAY (CONT’D) John Knox, Church of Scotland. As Knox bends down to kiss Mary’s hand, Rizzio screeches bow across the strings of his renaissance violin - a comi sound. Knox turns back to Rizzio with disgust. The Four M giggle, and Mary herself cannot help but smile.
19) 3) dialog: Let us begin. The Lords sit down on chairs in a semi-circle around the throne. Once they are settled, Mary addresses them in Fre
23) 0) text: Mary walks briskly with Moray. She can no longer contain rage - face flushed, speaking as briskly as she walks--
23) 1) dialog: I beg you to reconsider. He has the trust of the people.
23) 3) dialog: Yes. But we must be delicate. Allegiance does not happen by proclama-- She stops and turns to him, her rage frothing--
23) 5) dialog: With what cause? He would welcome a Protestant Queen. Which is precisely why we must not push him into her arms. Show him love.
34) 0) text: Dudley presents the portrait of Elizabeth to Mary. Randol is in attendance, as are Moray and Maitland. Mary is delighted to receive the gift - beaming with excitement. 32.
36) 0) text: The Royal entourage is in the background. Mary walks thro a field of grass and wildflowers at some distance, Randol next to her, Moray and Maitland several steps behind. 35.
36) 12) dialog: I think she has no intention to meet until you recognise her legitimacy.
39) 0) text: TIGHT on Rizzio as he transcribes with the scratch of a q against parchment. Moray looking over his shoulder. The r is lit by only candles, giving it a conspiratorial feel.
41) 7) dialog: We have visitors. He hands Mary a letter from Elizabeth. She reads over it quickly - looks up at him, puzzled.
41) 9) dialog: Aye.
42) 4) dialog: The 4th Earl of Lennox... Lennox bows. MORAY (CONT’D) His son Henry, Lord Darnley. Darnley bows. Lennox expects the Queen to say something, he cannot tell which of the five women is Mary. He looks Moray and Maitland for assistance. They are statues. He l to the Attendant, who says nothing. It’s an embarrassing position to be in. But neither offers guidance. He looks to the Ladies.
47) 0) text: Mary rides on horseback, flanked by Moray and Maitland an small party of Nobles and Guards in tow. They are on a da trip to Arthur’s Seat.
51) 1) dialog: He would provoke revolt among our Nobles.
53) 0) text: Mary and the others are nearing the crest. On Darnley galloping fast on his horse past the other Nobles. He whirls around on his horse as he gets to Mary, canteri and stepping his horse sideways before her. Moray and Maitland eye him with the same contempt with wh Cecil beheld Dudley.
53) 3) dialog: No subject should ride before his Queen. Darnley glances back. It’s a barbed comment, reminding hi that would he marry the Queen he is still but a subject. dispels any conflict by trotting ahead of Darnley.
54) 0) text: Randolph stands before Mary, Moray and Maitland are prese
54) 9) dialog: (temper flaring) Reckless child. (MORE )
54) 12) dialog: If my counsel no longer has value, then I am obliged to withdraw from court.
60) 0) text: One of the six horseman pulls back the burlap covering bo We see nothing but hay until the Wagon Driver pushes it a and reveals a cache of pikes, swords, crossbows and muske We also see a small trunk. The Nobleman opens it. The tru is full of gold and silver coins. One of the other men st forward to take a closer look. And within the hood we see that it is Lord Moray.
64) 0) text: A continuation of Scene 78. The column of rebel soldiers passes by Knox, Moray with him. Knox is giving blessings they march past him, palm raised, mouthing “Bless you” an “In service of the Lord.” INT. HOLYROOD - DARNLEY’S CHAMBER - DAY TIGHT on Darnley’s face. He is passed out on his bed. A h SLAPS his face. 58. And with the slap the pipes and drums stop. Darnley opens his eyes, squinting. Sees Mary standing bef him. We see that Rizzio lays in the bed next to Darnley. Rizzio is stirring now. Is horrified to see Mary.
66) 0) text: It’s getting late in the afternoon now. We hear the stead beat of a REBEL DRUMMER giving tempo to the march. An impatient Moray berates his men. From a mound covered in twisted pine, we see the men trud along a curved track. Ahead of them is a bridge, which fo a fast-flowing river. Moray and his men are on its West B This, unbeknownst to Moray, is MARY’s point of view. The air is heavy with midges. The soldiers are fatigued lugging expensive, heavy muskets and weaponry: Cecil's supplies. Moray rides up and down the line, driving the troops forward. Frustrated, he commands the Rebel Drummer pick up the tempo.
66) 1) dialog: Double it. The Rebel Drummer switches to a quick-step beat. The men start to pick up their feet. Again we see the track from above, where the road curves away from us at each end. MO spots an oncoming obstruction heading towards the bridge the East Bank of the river: a herd of Highland Cattle and four DROVERS. 61A. MORAY (CONT’D) (to the Rebel Drummer) Halt. The Rebel Drummer performs a flourish and stops drumming. troops halt. Moray and MORAY’S SECOND ride forward to pre the cattle from blocking the bridge. MORAY (CONT’D) Stand aside. We must pass. The four Drovers ignore his shouts and, as Moray and Mora Second reach the East Bank, the cattle flow around them, blocking the bridge and stranding Moray and Moray’s Secon the East Bank. As the herd of cattle flow across the bridge, the first o three loud, slow drumbeats is heard. At the first beat, t Rebel Army stutter forward. Mistaking the drumbeat for hi Rebel Drummer--
66) 2) dialog: Halt I say! But the drum beat comes from JAMES MACDONALD, Mary’s drum who stands by MARY above the track. With the second, slow drumbeat, the Rebel Drummer looks around. It’s not him. Where is it coming from? He panics, throwing off his drum to aid his retreat. The panic is beginning to spread. What’s going on? This is an ambush. The third beat coincides with an order from Moray’s Secon MORAY’S SECOND Form up! Form up-- Mid-shout, he is unhorsed by a DROVER, who swings at him his droving stick. Mary’s men fall from above. It is a Highland charge. Deadly, simple, they stream down the hil from where MARY commands them, driving Moray’s men into t river. Moray’s men try to mount their heavy muskets and t aim but the Mary’s men are upon them. URIE CAMPBELL and HECTOR MACLEAN charge down the hill, Ur spots a musket take aim at Hector and pushes him out of t way, they both slip down the slope, avoiding the musket f find their feet and charge onwards. Moray’s men are hit hard from Mary’s side and driven into river. Escaping to the East Bank, they are met by more of Mary’s men, who have lain in wait, anticipating the men i the river. Marooned on the bridge, in the midst of Highland cattle, Moray looks from side to side of the bridge and sees his soldiers and their heavy equipment being lost and slaught in the river. 62. He sees his precious guns and powder floating and MORAY t to hack his way out of the cattle, attempting to get back his side. Seeing Moray slashing his way through the Highland cattle Bothwell leaves Mary's side. Moray arrives back at the We Bank, just to find his army deserting up the road away fr him. He is confronted by Bothwell, charging down the trac towards Moray. As Bothwell streams through the retreating soldiers, he dispatches three men, slicing through them. Moray panics, his trembling hands trying to load his gun. Back to Bothwell riding him down. In his panic Moray drop his gun, Bothwell is seconds from him. Just before impact Mary raises her hand. A bugle gives Bothwell the instruct to halt. Bothwell pulls up, nose to nose with Moray. Mora sees Mary on her mound, realising that she has mastermind the whole ambush. He looks back to Bothwell, who backs aw ushering Moray down the track to his retreat. In the river, we see Moray’s drum floating towards us as men flee. Moray rears his horse with one last look to Mar then gallops away in flight with his men. On Mary. She does not need to slaughter her brother or gi chase. She has accomplished what she needs to. 63.
75) 0) text: The room is small and cramped. A cot, a simple desk and c and no more. Moray, only in his shirt, looks out a window something below, although we’re on him instead of what he sees. 71. He proceeds to put on his doublet to make himself more presentable as we hear footfalls coming up rickety stairs knock at the door. Moray opens it a crack to verify who i is, then lets the visitor enter. It’s a man in a hooded cloak. He pulls out a chair for the man, who removes his hood, revealing Lennox.
75) 3) dialog: (straight to business) Your letter said you had a proposal.
75) 5) dialog: Once Mary bears a child... Dumps into the ground at Lennox’s feet. MORAY (CONT’D) There is no need for your son. As Lennox brushes some of the stray ash off his stockings
79) 0) text: Moray enters the gate on horseback flanked by two armed GUARDS. Maitland hurriedly approaches as he dismounts. Th exchange a few words. Moray walks with brisk urgency towa the entrance, Maitland close behind. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY Moray and Maitland enter to find Mary on the bed, clutchi her stomach, moaning in pain. Darnley is beside her, with four Marys and Kate.
79) 1) dialog: She feigns. Mary looks over at Moray - surprised to see him...
79) 4) dialog: Come. All of you. She is fine.
79) 6) dialog: (to Darnley) She feigns.
79) 10) dialog: Sir...
82) 0) text: Darnley with Maitland, Moray and Lennox.
82) 1) dialog: Not before she signs the pardons. 81.
82) 5) dialog: When she signs, then you may go.
86) 0) text: Moray, Maitland, Knox and Lennox are met.
86) 3) dialog: (fatigued) There is no appetite for war.
86) 5) dialog: When last we raised an army it was still but half of hers with England’ will be Moray’s pessimism She has parlay. s help. Without England we crushed. surprises them all. MORAY (CONT’D) outmanoeuvred us. Now we
87) 0) text: Moray and Maitland are being escorted down the hall to th Receiving Room by Bothwell and several Guards.
88) 0) text: A very pregnant Mary looks over a document. Bothwell to t side. Maitland and Moray glance at each other anxiously a she finishes reading, looks up--
88) 2) dialog: That is not true. He signed a bond. With his own hand.
89) 0) text: Mary and Moray walk side by side. There are SOLDIERS camp outside the palace.
89) 2) dialog: Yes. Those were...tumultuous times...
89) 4) dialog: (awkward chuckle) If you say so...
89) 6) dialog: Not all little girls are born to be Queens.
89) 9) dialog: I wish the same.
89) 13) dialog: I do not deserve your kindness. She is as moved hearing it, as he is saying it. She takes hand and kisses it. 87.
95) 0) text: Mary’s assembled Council - including Moray, Maitland and Bothwell - stand when she enters. TIME CUT to everyone seating, mid-conversation--
98) 0) text: Nobles are exiting the Receiving Hall. Maitland and other are in a small conspiratorial group. As Moray passes-—
110) 0) text: Mary and Bothwell at the altar of the chapel, the Bishop presiding. Maitland and Moray are in attendance. TIME CUT TO Bothwell placing the rings on Mary’s hand. Th kneel and the Bishop blesses them both, then begins to pr This may be INTERCUT with the scene 154, adding a layer o the priests chanting in the wedding portion. 98.
112) 0) text: Maitland and Moray sit across a table from Mary and Bothw There is no food. Only the bare table top and the solemni of the conversation. Moray hates every moment of this. Bothwell is furious. To Maitland and Moray.
112) 4) dialog: Events have overtaken all intentions.
112) 11) dialog: We found Mistress Seton. The boy is now in our custody at Holyrood. 99A.
112) 13) dialog: Not prisoner. He is my ward, until he is old enough to--
112) 15) dialog: I beg your forgiveness. (beat) But if you wish him to be King one day, you must abdicate.
112) 20) dialog: (matter-of-factly) He is right. You cannot raise an army.
112) 23) dialog: This is beyond my control. I ask you to reconsider.
112) 26) dialog: God will not protect you. But I will protect you as my kin. More lamentable than defiant-- 101.
115) 0) text: KNOX stands before congregation. We see images of Mary an Moray preparing for battle.
117) 0) text: MORAY at prayer with his soldiers on the eve of battle. I a huge and well-armed force.
119) 0) text: A CONTINUATION of Scene 161. On James looking at the gate Moray enters on horseback, flanked by two CALVARYMEN also horseback. He is muddy from the battle. Sees the troops mustering. All activity stops and they stand at attention he slowly rides in. To a CAPTAIN overseeing the Quarterma
119) 1) dialog: Dismiss them. The Captain stares at him blankly. In anger, mixed with h own shame and fatigue-- MORAY (CONT’D) Dismiss them! It is done. There’s nothing euphoric about this victory. The Captain immediately forms the troops to march out of the courtyar During which Moray sees James and Seton. He dismounts and approaches the child as he takes his gloves off. Seton lo concerned.
119) 3) dialog: She is here. (beat) And you will make her proud... Then he lifts the child up - and holding him so he’s now the eye-level of a grown man-- MORAY (CONT’D) .--for one day you will be King. And all this will be yours.