15) 4) dialog: Terrible color. Anna moves to the beside table. Picks up a dirty plate.
15) 6) dialog: I’m not hungry.
15) 8) dialog: I don’t have to do anything.
15) 10) dialog: The doctor’s an idiot. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Anna sighs. Trying hard not to let her Mother provoke her. Beatrice glances up. Anna avoids her look.
15) 11) dialog: Why did you do it? Today of all days.
15) 13) dialog: You've forgotten haven’t you?
15) 15) dialog: Then you’ve got plenty of time to wash it out. 13.
15) 17) dialog: Then dye it back. You can’t show up at the funeral looking like that. Like some prostitute.
15) 19) dialog: Don’t argue with me. Why are you constantly arguing with me? Anna bites her tongue. Heads to the door.
15) 20) dialog: Where are you going?
15) 22) dialog: The sheets need changing. They haven’t been changed in months.
15) 24) dialog: You weren’t here Monday. You never sleep at home anymore. What if something happened to me in the middle of the night?
15) 26) dialog: (snorts) Fat lot of good she is. I wouldn’t have to pay for a Nurse if my only daughter wasn’t living in sin with that lawyer of hers. Doing God knows what. They always leave you in the end. You'll see. Just like your father--
15) 28) dialog: That’s it. Go and cry to Paul. 14. Anna pulls herself free. Moves to the door.
15) 29) dialog: Go and bitch to Paul about your mean old mother.
31) 0) text: A Nurse, DIANE (30s) follows Beatrice in her wheelchair as Eliot leads them through the hallway. 28.
31) 2) dialog: I lost her years ago. He glances at her curiously. Then gestures to his office.
31) 4) dialog: I want to see her.
31) 6) dialog: I don’t care. I want to see her. It takes him a second to respond.
32) 0) text: Beatrice leans against the slab staring at Anna’s covered body. Eliot stands respectfully to one side. In the b.g. Diane shivers. The room’s cold. Beatrice touches Anna’s hand through the white sheet. Then uncovers Anna’s face. The needle’s still embedded in her eyebrow.
32) 3) dialog: What's the point of preserving the body if the soul's already left?
32) 5) dialog: It’s us who are left behind. It's us who suffer. (to Anna) Who’s going to look after me now? Did you think about that? She nods to Diane. Diane helps her into the wheelchair.
32) 7) dialog: Just do what you think's best. It’s just details. Beatrice whirs towards the door. She suddenly stops. Turns to Eliot.
32) 8) dialog: Oh there is one thing.
32) 10) dialog: Her hair. She was a brunette. I'd like it back to that color.
33) 0) text: Eliot watches Beatrice’s car drive away. INT/EXT. PAUL’S CAR - DAY Paul waits in his car outside the Mother’s house. The wilting flowers on the passenger seat beside him.
33) 1) text: Beatrice’s car pulls up. Diane gets out. Pulls the wheelchair out of the car.
34) 0) text: Paul strides over as Diane helps Beatrice into her wheelchair. 30.
35) 0) text: Beatrice sits in her wheelchair with her back to the door. Paul stops a short distance away.
35) 2) dialog: (without turning) Anna was in a car accident last night. My daughter’s dead. That's what happened. Paul stares at Beatrice’s back in disbelief.
35) 4) dialog: (irritably) I don’t know.
35) 7) dialog: You shouldn’t have let her drive in that weather. Paul looks down guiltily at the flowers in his hand. 31.
35) 9) dialog: There’s no mistake. We just got back from the funeral home. Beatrice pushes a joystick on her wheelchair. As she whirs past Paul she notices the flowers.
35) 10) dialog: (dryly) . Flowers? How appropriate. Paul’s not listening anymore. Stunned.
35) 12) dialog: You took her away from me. I don’t want you anywhere near her.
121) 0) text: Anna approaches her mother’s house. Paul opens the door. He’s not surprised to see her. Beatrice stands just behind him. A black shawl over her head and arms. INT. MOTHER’S HOUSE. HALLWAY - NIGHT In the candlelight we can see the house is full of OLD WOMEN. Their faces deeply lined. Wearing identical black shawls. They stare at Anna, whispering in different rhythms. Unintelligible words undulating like an ANCIENT PRAYER.
122) 0) text: Paul and Beatrice lead Anna to the bed. As she lies down we realize the bed is full of BLACK SOIL. Clouds of ugly flies hang in the air. BUZZING noisily. The Old Women surround Anna in a tight circle. Leaning over her. Making her feel claustrophobic. She can smell their rotting breath as their prayers grow LOUDER. Through the chaos of words we begin to make out...
129) 0) text: CLOSE ON Beatrice’s face. Her eyes closed. A HAND delicately powders her forehead. As if she's being prepared for her own funeral. We pull back. Beatrice, dressed in black, sits in front of a mirror. Diane applies her make-up. Beatrice opens her eyes. INT. PAUL’S APARTMENT. BATHROOM - DAY Paul, badly shaven, leans against the washbasin. Wearing a crumpled black suit. Staring vacantly in the mirror.
131) 0) text: Anna’‘s funeral is in progress. Eliot stands by her casket. Surrounded by wreathes of tulips and lilies. Beatrice, in her wheelchair, in the front row. Diane beside her. A SCHOOLTEACHER sits behind them with Jack and other CHILDREN.