15) 2) dialog: Anna? Is that you?
45) 0) text: CLOSE ON Anna’s face. She looks empty. Dispirited. Just then something catches her attention... The light from the window glints off a pair of LARGE SCISSORS on the steel trolley. Anna stumbles to the trolley. Feeling her way through the semi-darkness. Grabs the scissors. Just then she notices a BODY, covered with a white sheet, lying on a gurney in the corner. She turns away. Scared. But then, almost against her will, she approaches the gurney. As if drawn to the body. She slowly pulls the sheet away... The dead body of an OLD WOMAN. Staring blindly at Anna with cloudy opaque eyes. Long greasy gray hair. Shaken, Anna pushes herself against the wall.
52) 40) text: She takes the Old Woman’s hand. Strokes her paper-thin sk
55) 0) text: Anna lies on the slab. Curled in a fetal position. 0.S. we hear the UNNATURALLY LOUD metallic drip of a faulty faucet. Slow. Rhythmical. Anna opens her eyes. Stares at us. Terrified. Then she turns her head. The Old Woman sits on the other slab. Slowly brushing her tangled gray hair with a silver backed brush. Anna looks around anxiously. The room is strangely larger. The perspective not quite right. Certain objects look absurdly small or abnormally large. She notices a TINY DOOR. Half hidden by a steel trolley. The door’s slightly ajar. Anna’s surprised. The Old Woman shakes her head. Staring blindly at Anna with opaque eyes. Anna ignores her. Moves quickly to the tiny door. As she approaches, the door seems to grow to normal size. Then we realize it’s Anna who has shrunk. The steel trolley now towers high above her. The massive instruments on the trolley look like menacing insects cast in surgical steel. She opens the door. Revealing a solid wall of DARKNESS.
57) 0) text: The Old Woman stands alone in the middle of the room. Braiding her long hair.
57) 1) dialog: You're not ready. CUT TO A SEARING WHITENESS.
59) 0) text: “AVE MARIA” filters into the room. Anna opens her eyes. She’s confused. She gets up awkwardly. Looks around the room. The other slab’s empty. The Old Woman’s gone. Anna stumbles over to the trolley. Pushes it aside. Desperately searching for the tiny door. She touches the wall. There’s nothing there. Frustrated she turns to a counter crowded with instruments. She sweeps her arm across the counter top in rage. Sending everything crashing to the floor.