1) 0) text: Someone GROANS. A LUMP shifts under a huge comforter. A slender hand reaches out, searching the nightstand. A CHARM BRACELET dangles from the wrist. The same young woman, HALEY (19) pokes her head out from under the covers. Hung over. Bleary-eyed. She finds her phone. Checks the display -- BETH. Takes a breath. Answers with a wrecked voice.
2) 0) text: Haley's older sister BETH (26) is on the other end of the line. She’s at the sink doing dishes. Wearing workout clothes. Looks like her day began a while ago.
2) 1) dialog: Jesus, are you just waking up?
2) 4) dialog: It’s almost noon. Haley's head is throbbing. She climbs out of bed.
2) 5) dialog: Late night?
2) 8) dialog: I need you to go check on Dad. Got a call from Katie. (MORE )
2) 11) dialog: Katie said she doesn't have your number. Haley sighs.
2) 13) dialog: I think she gets the feeling you don’t like her.
2) 15) dialog: In Texas visiting family. She said Dad was supposed to be on a job yesterday. Prepping some properties before this big storm. Haley glances out the window. Into the bright daylight.
3) 0) text: Beth moves to a kitchen table. Her TWO-YEAR OLD sits in a high chair, noisily playing with his food.
3) 1) text: That’s not what they’re saying on the news. It’s supposed to hit you guys this afternoon. A MUTED TELEVISION in the corner. Tuned to a national weather forecast. A METEOROLOGIST in front of a satellite image. Ominous clouds churning off the southern tip of Florida. Beth’s FIVE-YEAR-OLD begins tugging at her pant leg, trying to get his mother’s attention.
3) 2) dialog: (aside to her kids) Shh. Mommy’s on the phone with your Aunt Haley. Haley can hear the CHILDREN playing and talking in the background of the call.
3) 4) dialog: Ah, yes. Domestic bliss. I’m heading off to hot yoga in a minute for some much-needed “me time.”
3) 6) dialog: You should go easy on him. He’s been through a lot. We all have. He deserves to be happy.
3) 8) text: More like an old, trying-too-hard pirate. I guess Katie likes it. Beth laughs.
3) 9) dialog: So you'll check on him?
3) 11) dialog: Thanks, sis. You're the best. Love you.
7) 5) text: Haley TAPS on the bedroom door. Pokes her head in. With no one around, she decides to do a little snooping. Rifles through a nearby dresser. Haley finds a box of PHOTOGRAPHS in the bottom drawer. Thumbs through them. Images of Haley and Beth with their mother MAGGIE at different ages. They’re an active trio. Hiking. Camping. Running marathons. She settles on an older SNAPSHOT of her mother from when she was in college. Haley gets a little misty-eyed. Blinks away the tears.
8) 0) text: Haley pulls open the fridge and grabs a Gatorade. Her phone pressed against her ear. Waiting as it rings. Beth answers.
8) 3) dialog: Oh, no. Let me guess. Hippie chic?
8) 5) dialog: A-mazing. Haley raids a nearby cupboard. Grabbing an energy bar for the road. Stuffs it in her pocket.
8) 7) dialog: Yeah. Katie said the bank hired him to work on some repossessed properties. I’11 text you the address. Haley’s attention drifts to that CHARM BRACELET on her left wrist. It holds a special significance. A long silent beat. BETH (ON PHONE) (CONT’D) You okay?
8) 10) dialog: Oh, honey. I know. Can’t believe it’s been two years. (then) But I’m glad Dad’s getting back out there.
8) 12) dialog: Haley, no one's going to replace Mom.
8) 16) dialog: So do I.
12) 1) dialog: Anything?
12) 3) dialog: Dad said the developer cut a bunch of corners. Can't sell any of the houses till they're up to code.
12) 5) dialog: You know, sis, you don't need to share everything. Haley passes a cul-de-sac. Brakes. Backing up. A HEAVY-DUTY PICKUP TRUCK with a ladder rack is parked on the street in front of a large house. It’s the only vehicle in sight.
12) 7) dialog: Okay. Just call me when you find him.