1) 108) text: I don’t think he’ll be back tonight, he’s with Ava. Marian looks at her to see how she reacts. She offers her some cakes which Julieta refuses even though she’s hungry. She only accepts the coffee.
1) 158) dialog: Pick it up, if you want.
1) 160) dialog: (Smiling) 10 pounds. Be careful.
1) 162) dialog: It’s bronze. At the end I give them a terracotta glaze that’s the color of the rocks next to the lighthouse.
1) 164) dialog: I try to make the sculptures compact, so that the wind can’t knock them over. Like the people from here. The people from here are very tough. Julieta puts the sculpture back on the table 61. REDES. AVA’S STUDIO. ANOTHER DAY. 1985. SPRING.
1) 168) dialog: By whom?
1) 170) dialog: (Surprised) Ah, does he know?
1) 172) dialog: You have to tell him. Xoan adores children. Julieta’s eyes light up. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. DAY. 1985. FALL. Xoan comes home after a day’s fishing. Cinnamon is excited and races out to meet him, barking frantically. Before he goes into the house, when he is at the door, he hears a baby’s cry. Xoan disappears into the house in a flash. (Consider this) IN THE DARKNESS OF A TUNNEL. AND INSIDE A TRAIN. 1986. WINTER. The train is going through a tunnel. The voice emerges from the transient darkness. Xoan, Julieta and the baby, two or three months old, are on the train.
1) 317) dialog: Xoan? No.
1) 319) dialog: Hasn’t he come back yet?
1) 321) dialog: (Uneasy) Did he go fishing?
1) 326) dialog: Wait, I’ll get it. Julieta goes into the kitchen, but she’s stopped by Ava'’s voice.
1) 327) dialog: It’s Bea’s mother. She wants to talk to you. Ava has answered the phone in the sitting room. Julieta looks at her, confused.
1) 329) dialog: (She quotes) A friend of Antia’s from camp. Julieta doesn’t feel she has the strength but she can’t refuse. She goes into the sitting room and makes an enormous effort so that her voice shouldn’t betray what she is going through. XOAN’S HOUSE. INT. DAY. (CLOSE-UP OF ANTIA AND BEA’S MOTHER AT THE CAMP. EXT. 1998. SUMMER. She takes the receiver and sits in an armchair.
1) 473) dialog: Well... the last flare-up immobilized all my left side.. How are you getting on in the new apartment?
1) 475) dialog: They’re beautiful. Julieta sees the cover of a book that is next to the vase. The book is titled “Adiés, volcan” (Lorenzo Gentile is the author) and the illustration on the cover is one of the “seated men” sculpted by Ava.
1) 476) dialog: I’ve got a present for you too, it’s in the bag. Ava is talking about a little bag that is on the table. Julieta opens it, the gift is enveloped in plastic bubble wrap. Julieta guesses what it is.
1) 478) dialog: Before you go I want to tell you something, Julieta. It doesn’t explain anything, but... Julieta thinks it’s some secret about Xoan.
1) 479) text: (Weak) You don’t have to, Ava. Everything has been clear between us for a long time.
1) 480) dialog: (Slight smile) It’s about Antia. Julieta’s attitude changes. If it’s about Antia, she wants fervently to hear it, whatever it is. The wound is still raw, even though she has moved house and erased all traces of her daughter.
1) 481) dialog: When we went to close up your house in Redes, Marian came and told her all the details about Xoan’s last day. Your argument, my visit and how Xoan put out to sea even though it was very rough that day. 143. FLASHBACK. HOUSE IN REDES. INT. NIGHT. 1998. Marian knocks at the door of Xoan’s house. Antia runs along the hallway to open the door, hug her and cry on her breast. Ava interrupts what she’s doing and comes out to see who has arrived. She finds Marina and Antia locking in an understanding embrace. They look at Ava as if she were the intruder. 144. AVA’S ROOM, CLINIC. INT. DAY. CONT. 2006-2007.
1) 483) dialog: She told us that Xoan called her to ask what you’d talked about. Julieta shakes her _ head, her hatred of Marian returning.
1) 485) dialog: She did ask me, she wanted me to confirm if you’d argued because of me, and if it was true that the sea was choppy. I had no idea about the state of the sea. As for the rest, I told her that they weren’t subjects to discuss with a child. She went crazy, she told me I was a whore and blamed you and me for Xoan going fishing... Julieta listens to her, overwhelmed. (She thinks of her she was careful never to say a word about it to her daughter) own guilt complex about Xoan’s death,
1) 487) dialog: She rang me, the same day she left on her trip.
1) 490) dialog: sitting of her in the Bad, Antia. They’ve given me the diagnosis, multiple sclerosis, but don’t tell your mother. I’11 call her.
1) 492) dialog: She asked me the same questions again. Only one detail had changed: the guilt had spread to the three of us, she was including herself.
1) 494) dialog: She’d been away, having a good time at camp. Julieta listens, shocked. Every word that Ava increases the conviction that her daughter stranger, that she didn’t know her.
1) 495) dialog: I told her that none of us was guilty of what happened, and that if we were guilty, we’d already suffered enough punishment. Do you know what Antia answered? Julieta shakes her head.
1) 496) dialog: (Short of breath) That we all get what we deserve. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. HOUSE 3. INT. NIGHT. 2016. SUMMER. was says a On the table she 148. 19" birthday to remind her that she was alive. In her new life, these are the only two physical reminders of her daughter.