0) 13) dialog: Julieta!
0) 15) dialog: I can’t believe this, Juliet! Just last week I met your daughter at Lake Como! Julieta’s eyes open wide. Surprised, she conceals the impact of this news, she holds her breath.
0) 17) dialog: Yes! Just imagine! We were looking at each other and it was I who went up to her because she didn’t recognize me! Julieta has to make a great effort to be able to speak.
0) 18) dialog: But you look exactly the same, Julieta. In fact, better. Julieta manages to murmur “Thank you”.
0) 20) dialog: That... (She hesitates, looking carefully for the best way to put it) she had come down to the city to buy things for her children... She’s got three! Two boys and a girl! Julieta gives a forced smile, as if this information weren’t a surprise for her. But the truth is she’s shocked. More than that.
0) 22) dialog: No... I’m not even married. The woman in the group who is watching this meeting with annoyance is showing signs of unease. Beatriz can feel her eyes boring into her shoulders. The woman is dressed with elegant, masculine sobriety, slim as an ex-model who still maintains her aura. Although Julieta and Beatriz are happy to see each other, the conversation is a bit tense. Julieta is forcing her to linger and Bea is showing signs of impatience. Also, the masculine woman doesn’t take her eyes off her.
0) 23) dialog: It’s such a pity. I’m in a terrible hurry. (Sincere) You don’t know how delighted I am to see you looking so well! The way in which she says this suggests that at some point in their lives she had seen her unwell.
0) 25) dialog: In New York and Milan. I’m accessories editor for Vogue. I travel a lot. I went to Lake Como for a photo shoot. Well... looking very Julieta tries to hold her back a little longer.
0) 27) dialog: Mom died three years ago. My brother lives here. We’re meeting him and my nieces in a restaurant, but we’re running late. Julieta looks anxiously at the woman in is watching them in annoyance.
0) 29) dialog: Not much. I asked about you and she told me you were still living in Madrid. And look, what a coincidence!
0) 31) dialog: Yes.. and she wasn’t even wearing make-up. She’s very thin, but pretty. She gives her a kiss, obviously conversation. In a serious, sincere tone: the group who ending the
0) 32) text: I’m really happy to see you looking so well, Julieta. Bye. Beatriz runs off after the kiss and joins the group waiting for her, while Julieta watches hungrily. 4. MADRID. A STREET JUNCTION IN THE CENTER. EXT. DAY. CONT. 2016. SPRING. Julieta remains motionless on the sidewalk. She watches helplessly as Beatriz disappears round the next corner with her group of friends. She would swear that the woman dressed with masculine elegance is asking her, intrigued, who she was. Beatriz explains to her. Juliet can’t hear them. 5. MADRID. HOUSE 2. SITTING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. 2016. SPRING. Julieta comes into her apartment with the plastic bags containing her last purchases. Her face is no longer that of the happy, tranquil woman in the first sequences with Lorenzo. Now her expression is somber and agitated. In her mind she hears time and again the conversation with Beatriz in the street, like a ritornello. She can’t get it out of her head. She leaves the bags on the writing desk, picks up the wastepaper basket and puts it on the desk. Julieta rummages around in it, under the gaze of Lucian Freud from one of the posters. In the silence of the night and with the light from the lamp, Freud’s portrait takes on an inquisitive presence. Julieta finally finds the Christmas card-sized blue envelope that she threw out in the morning. Her cell phone rings. It’s Lorenzo. She doesn’t answer it. It rings again, she still doesn’t answer it. Julieta can’t stop looking at the blue envelope while her breathing grows more agitated. 6. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. THE NEXT MORNING. 2016. SPRING. Julieta puts some water in a saucepan to boil, to make tea. Everything is tidy. She is wearing sports clothes suitable for house wear. Silence. The entry phone rings. It’s Lorenzo. Julieta presses the button to let him in. Lorenzo raps on the door. Julieta opens the apartment door, more rigid than usual and looking as if she’s had a bad night. Lorenzo comes into the hall. From the outset he notices that something is amiss. He just has to look at Julieta. They greet each other with a routine kiss on the mouth.
1) 367) dialog: No, it’s cool.
1) 369) dialog: This way, we’re very close. The girls go over to the window, they open it wide and the sounds from the street fill the room with life. Julieta follows them but doesn’t have the strength to accompany them to the window and share their enthusiasm. She falls on the couch and lays her head on the back. (The planning is identical to Seq. 8, when Julieta walks along the corridor with Inocencio and arrives in the sitting room and sees the three windows. It’s important to give the idea of repetition, as previously on the basketball court and walking through Alonso Martinez.)
1) 502) dialog: Julieta! Julieta is still distracted by the children. Beatriz crosses the court and repeats her name. Julieta sees her approaching, she looks at her as if she were a ghost, she doesn’t react.
1) 503) dialog: Julieta! It’s me, Bea!
1) 505) dialog: (Alarmed) Of course! Are you all right, Julieta? Julieta hugs Beatriz and bursts into tears. Beatriz keeps her arms around her and waits until she gets it all out.
1) 506) dialog: There, there... and you were so well when I saw you... They separate slowly.
1) 508) dialog: They’re my nieces. But what’s happened to you? The last time I saw you, you looked so well! They sit together on the bench where Julieta had been. Julieta gradually calms down.
1) 510) dialog: Twelve years! She nods. She pauses.
1) 512) dialog: Yes, I met her and it was very unpleasant, I didn’t tell you that.
1) 514) dialog: Antia didn’t want to talk to me, she did everything she could to avoid me. She said she didn’t know me, that I’d mistaken her for someone else. But I knew it was her. In the end she had no choice but to talk to me.
1) 516) dialog: Yes, three. When I saw her she had two of them with her. Julieta listens closely, disconcerted.
1) 519) dialog: After the camp we were inseparable. Don’t you remember?
1) 521) dialog: We couldn’t live without each other! It’s a pity that at the end it was hell.
1) 523) dialog: (Almost a reproach) I see you don’t know anything.
1) 525) dialog: I decided to go and study Design in New York to get away from her. I didn’t give her my address but I called her and that was when Antia told me she’d decided to go away to a retreat in the Pyrenees. I just wanted her to leave me in peace. Julieta is trying to process all this information. She wanders among all the details. her d when she went away. She never imagined that aughter was suffering from a romantic break-up difficult girl. She doesn’t even remember her as a 157. 158.
1) 527) dialog: Well, she called me once... but she was already a different person.
1) 529) dialog: She told me that she regretted our relationship and was ashamed of it. And she didn’t want to know anything about me. She said that she was a new person, that she’d finally found her path and I wasn’t part of it. She sounded like a fanatic, Julieta. She scared me. Cut. MADRID. IN THE STREET. EXT. DAY. CONT. 2016. FALL. Julieta is walking along under the weight of Bea’s confession. Her lips are moving, as if she were talking to an invisible Antia. She bumps into people. We see her from the point of view of someone watching from the opposite sidewalk. Like a zombie, she comes to a pedestrian crossing. She doesn’t look at the red light. She thinks she sees Lorenzo on the opposite sidewalk, appearing and disappearing among the people. And she starts to cross. A car almost runs her down, the driver manages to avoid her in time, only grazing her, but it’s enough to knock her to the ground. Fade to black. MADRID. HOSPITAL ROOM. 2016. FALL. Julieta wakes in a hospital bed. Her right wrist is bandaged and she has some superficial cuts on her cheek. Lorenzo is sitting beside her.