0) 1) dialog: I’m in a real mess. I don’t know which books to take.
0) 3) dialog: I don’t like buying books I already have. It makes me feel old.
0) 6) dialog: I still have to do some shopping.
0) 8) dialog: (Suddenly, serious) I’d like not to come back to Madrid, if I can avoid it. Lorenzo embraces her tenderly. Julieta relaxes in his arms. They kiss.
0) 10) dialog: For what?
0) 12) dialog: You’re the one not leaving me on my own. MADRID. A STREET JUNCTION IN THE CENTER. EXT. DAY. 2016. SPRING. Julieta is walking along, laden with two plastic bags. They could be from a hardware store where she has bought some gardening tools. Where the sidewalk goes round the corner she passes a woman in her early thirties. The woman is with a group, but Julieta notices only her face. Neither of them stops, but both seem to be saying to themselves “I know her”. They turn to each other and exclaim in unison:
0) 14) dialog: Bea! Bea breaks away from her group, even though she’s ina hurry. One woman in the group looks annoyed by the meeting between Julieta and Beatriz. From their tone it’s obvious that they haven’t seen each other in many years and that they were good friends in another time. They are very excited about the encounter. Bea is very well dressed, an outfit from the latest collection by Dior and also a bag by Dior. She doesn’t seem like a fashion victim, rather someone used to dressing and accessorizing with the latest trends. After the usual gestures and words:
0) 16) dialog: You met Antia?
0) 19) dialog: And what did she say?
0) 21) dialog: Yes... I don’t know how she manages! Do you have children?
0) 24) dialog: Where are you living?
0) 26) dialog: That’s wonderful! Listen, say hello to your mother...
0) 28) dialog: I’m sorry... (Forced, but she wants to know) What else did Antia tell you?
0) 30) dialog: Yes, I’m still here. And I’1ll be staying here. And... Did she look well?
0) 32) text: I’m really happy to see you looking so well, Julieta. Bye. Beatriz runs off after the kiss and joins the group waiting for her, while Julieta watches hungrily. 4. MADRID. A STREET JUNCTION IN THE CENTER. EXT. DAY. CONT. 2016. SPRING. Julieta remains motionless on the sidewalk. She watches helplessly as Beatriz disappears round the next corner with her group of friends. She would swear that the woman dressed with masculine elegance is asking her, intrigued, who she was. Beatriz explains to her. Juliet can’t hear them. 5. MADRID. HOUSE 2. SITTING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. 2016. SPRING. Julieta comes into her apartment with the plastic bags containing her last purchases. Her face is no longer that of the happy, tranquil woman in the first sequences with Lorenzo. Now her expression is somber and agitated. In her mind she hears time and again the conversation with Beatriz in the street, like a ritornello. She can’t get it out of her head. She leaves the bags on the writing desk, picks up the wastepaper basket and puts it on the desk. Julieta rummages around in it, under the gaze of Lucian Freud from one of the posters. In the silence of the night and with the light from the lamp, Freud’s portrait takes on an inquisitive presence. Julieta finally finds the Christmas card-sized blue envelope that she threw out in the morning. Her cell phone rings. It’s Lorenzo. She doesn’t answer it. It rings again, she still doesn’t answer it. Julieta can’t stop looking at the blue envelope while her breathing grows more agitated. 6. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. THE NEXT MORNING. 2016. SPRING. Julieta puts some water in a saucepan to boil, to make tea. Everything is tidy. She is wearing sports clothes suitable for house wear. Silence. The entry phone rings. It’s Lorenzo. Julieta presses the button to let him in. Lorenzo raps on the door. Julieta opens the apartment door, more rigid than usual and looking as if she’s had a bad night. Lorenzo comes into the hall. From the outset he notices that something is amiss. He just has to look at Julieta. They greet each other with a routine kiss on the mouth.
0) 34) dialog: I’m boiling some water... She goes off to the kitchen, followed by Lorenzo.
0) 36) dialog: I needed to be alone. Lorenzo looks around as far as he can see. Everything is tidy, there is no sign of suitcases or cardboard boxes.
0) 38) dialog: I’ve unpacked everything. I’m staying in Madrid, Lorenzo.
0) 41) dialog: I won’t be able to go with you.
0) 43) dialog: I know you don’t deserve this, but I beg you not to ask me any questions. I’m not going with you to Portugal. I’m staying in Madrid. Silence, broken by Lorenzo.
0) 46) dialog: I’ve given it a lot of thought and...
0) 52) dialog: I know.
0) 54) dialog: Last night I realized that I was fooling myself, that I don’t want to leave Madrid, and.. that I prefer to be alone. I’m sorry. Lorenzo glares at her again, he knows that he won’t get another word out of her.
0) 56) dialog: (After a brief pause) I’d like you to keep respecting it. Lorenzo looks at her, astonished and humiliated. After looking at her for a moment he turns to the door and leaves. 7. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. EXT. DAY. 2016. SPRING. Julieta gets out of a taxi in front of 19, Fernando VI. 8. MADRID, 19, FERNANDO VI. SUPERINTENDENT’S OFFICE IN BUILDING. INT. DAY. 2016. SPRING. She comes into the entrance hall. The superintendent comes out. Inocencio, a simple, amiable man, pleasant looking, greying hair. From the way they greet each other they seem like old acquaintances. They haven't seen each other for some time, but Julieta talks to him as if they had just seen each other the day before. The man doesn’t recognize her at first.
0) 57) dialog: Hello, Inocencio!
0) 59) dialog: Yes, indeed. By chance, have any letters come for me?
0) 61) dialog: I’ve just come back to Madrid, and I’d like to rent my old apartment. Is it free? Julieta acts as if this inquiry were the most natural thing in the world. (By this stage, the spectator will think she’s eccentric, verging on crazy)
0) 63) dialog: Yes, but I’ve come back. And I miss this street. Is there another apartment free?
0) 65) dialog: That’s wonderful! Can I see it? Inocencio, a good, simple man of 50, is astonished. He remembers that Julieta had been very ill years ago and had caused a few scenes before leaving the building. He’s afraid she hasn’t recovered in all these years.
0) 67) dialog: That doesn’t matter. Cut. 9. MADRID. FERNANDO VI, 19, 2™° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. INT. DAY. 2016. SPRING. Julieta and Inocencio appear at the far end of the hallway that leads into the apartment’s large sitting room. The color of the walls is different from that of her old apartment in the same building, but the lay-out and aspect to the street is identical. They pause in the doorway. Julieta looks around the room. The superintendent looks at her, uncomfortable. The wooden floor is dirty. And the walls, painted a greyish green, still bear the marks of the previous tenant’s pictures and furniture. There are three windows, without curtains.
0) 69) dialog: I’1ll clean it. I’l1l take it, Inocencio. A ray of sun comes through each of the three windows that look out on the street and light up the largest room. On one side there is a fireplace that divides the wall in two. On both sides of the fireplace there are empty shelves. Near the shelves an abandoned stool and a skay armchair.
0) 71) dialog: That isn’t necessary, really. As long as the bathroom and kitchen work, I can see to the rest.
1) 2) dialog: Dear Antia, She stops. How to continue? She takes a deep breath. She looks at her daughter in the patched-up photo.
1) 3) dialog: I’m going to tell you everything I didn’t have a chance to tell you, because you were a child, because it was too painful for me or simply out of shame. She stops. She looks around with tear-filled eyes, searching for the words. She continues.
1) 4) dialog: But you’re not a child anymore. Beatriz told me that you have children of your own, three, no 19. 20. less. You’re a grown woman, and a mother! Where do I begin?... (She decides) I’l1ll tell you about your father. When you asked me how I met him, I told you it was on a train, but I didn’t tell you everything. THIRTY YEARS BEFORE. EXT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. (Somewhere between Galicia and Madrid) Before it appears, we hear the sound of the train over the last written words (we hear these in the voice of mature- Julieta, that is, played by the actress with whom the story begins in 2016. The voiceover is always by the mature actress). The train goes through a wooded area. TRAIN. SLEEPING CAR APARTMENT. INT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. (Actress Young Juliet) The voiceover is heard over a close-up of Julieta, sitting next to the train window, with a book in her hands. She looks at the window as if her own voice, 30 years later, were coming to her through the glass.
1) 5) dialog: I was 25. It was a very unpleasant night and there was a lot of wind.” Suddenly, a tree branch, carried along by the wind, comes hurtling out of the darkness and slams violently against the outside of the window, as if trying to break through it; the branch clings to the window for a moment and then disappears, torn away by the same wind, like a warning from nature. Julieta looks up from her book, startled by the sudden appearance of the phantom branch. Through the window we can see a wooded countryside and, reflected on the inside of the glass, the legs of a man who comes into the compartment at that moment and stands in front of her.
1) 6) text: Is this seat free? It’s obvious that the seat is free. There is no one else in the compartment, nor are there any cases to be seen. Julieta nods, still startled by the branch hitting the window. The man places a leather bag on the luggage net, takes off his overcoat and folds it meticulously. He places the coat beside him and sits down across from Julieta. He’s wearing a sad suit that is too big for him, as if he had lost weight in the last months. He’s wearing a black polo neck sweater and glasses. He isn’t a very attractive man in general, his skin is pitted, as if marked by smallpox, his expression is as sad as his appearance. Julieta feels instantly repelled by him, apprehensive, she doesn’t want to be infected by his sadness. She looks back at her _ book, an essay titled “Greek Tragedy”. The sad man tries to hide his sadness by appearing sweet and friendly, even beseeching. He tries to strike up a conversation.
1) 9) dialog: Yes, it did. And she looks down at her book again, in a polite gesture of rejection. Best to discourage him from the start. But the amiable intruder doesn’t give up.
1) 11) dialog: Yes.
1) 14) dialog: Excuse me, I have to go out. The man looks at her sadly. Or perhaps he doesn’t dare look at her, sunk in his own sadness. TRAIN. TRAIN CORRIDOR, NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. Julieta comes out of the compartment. Before walking along the corridor she takes a last look at him. The man watches her leave the compartment. In the corridor, she sees two women sitting in the next compartment. The two women look at her too. Julieta heads for the dining car as if fleeing from those glances. TRAIN. DINING CAR. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. It’s cold. In her hurry, Julieta forgot to take her coat. For the moment, she doesn’t miss it. The windows here are much bigger than in the compartment. There is just one customer, Xoan, with his back to her, looking out, absorbed, at the views through the large windows. A snow-covered landscape. At that moment, a stag crosses the surface of the frozen countryside. It is running diagonally, towards the train, with no fear of being run over. He’s a magnificent specimen, with a brown and silver coat. Set against the white surface of the countryside, he looks 23. like the illustration of a child’s horror story. A hypnotic vision. Julieta comes up and looks in astonishment through the window at the stag running through the snow. Aware that Julieta is standing behind him, Xoan speaks without looking at her.
1) 16) dialog: He isn’t afraid of the train. He’s looking for a female. He smells her in the air. Xoan finally notices her. While they look out at the running stag, Julieta and the stranger Xoan feel mysteriously connected. The couple have become part of the harmony of the landscape: the frozen countryside, a stag with a silvery coat running to meet his beloved, and in the foreground a man and woman watching him, entranced. TRAIN. DINING CAR. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER.
1) 18) dialog: Julieta. Julieta still has her book in her hand.
1) 20) dialog: All right. A waiter comes up, Julieta asks for tea. The dining car has the colors and atmosphere of Edward Hopper’s cafes/diners. Xoan is a strong man, his face weathered by the wind and the sun. He has more wrinkles than he should have at his age. A solid, attractive man, with a disarming smile, who gives off an air of confidence and natural authority. He is ten years older than Julieta, that is, thirty five. Xoan is the opposite of the man she has just left in her compartment. He doesn’t hide his interest in Julieta. 24. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. THE PRESENT.
1) 22) dialog: Xoan told me that he was called Xoan and I told him I was Julieta. He told me he was married and that Ana, his wife, had been in a coma for five years. 25. TRAIN. DINING CAR. SEEN FROM THE EXTERIOR. 1985. WINTER. Julieta and Xoan are drinking something while they talk. The white lunar landscape is reflected in the glass. They are alone in the dining car. We don’t hear what they’re saying. Mature Julieta recounts it in voiceover.
1) 23) dialog: I told him I was teaching Classical Philology, standing in for a teacher who was ill. Xoan told me that he was a fisherman and he had three gamelas. He was going to Madrid to buy an engine for one of them. He had lived all his life by the sea, in the house his grandfather had bought when he came from Cuba. 26. TRAIN ENTERING THE STATION. EXT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. The train slows down until it stops in the station of a 27. town. The station is at one side of the train. There is snow everywhere, except on the platforms, protected by shelters. Three or four passengers, all wrapped up, get on the train. It is pitch black. Only the station chief and the switchman are left on the platform.
1) 28) dialog: I’m not really dressed for the weather. Thank you.
1) 39) dialog: What happened?
1) 42) dialog: Have you seen the man who was sitting here?
1) 48) dialog: (Uneasy) What are you carrying on the stretcher?
1) 50) dialog: Is it the stag?
1) 52) dialog: (Horrified) Then it’s a man...?!
1) 54) dialog: (Horrified) Oh! It’s him! That’s why we’ve stopped.. (She looks at him intensely in search of confirmation) A man with a black sweater and glasses... Xoan doesn’t contradict her, but neither does he confirm it. Julieta bursts into tears. He pulls her along.
1) 56) dialog: He was sitting there, where you are now. Xoan listens to her in silence, an understanding, reassuring silence, like someone listening to a child who is making a drama out of an unimportant problem.
1) 57) dialog: He wanted to talk, but... I was bothered by the way he was looking at me and I ran out of here.. How was I to know he was feeling so awful!
1) 59) dialog: (Reproaching herself) I should have realized!
1) 61) dialog: Why was he carrying an empty suitcase?
1) 63) dialog: I can’t sleep.
1) 66) dialog: Pontos is sea and high sea. And it refers to the sea as a road, the road to adventure. That is why Ulysses is the maritime hero par excellence. Julieta is a very affable teacher, who speaks to the pupils as if they were her equals and teaches them classical literature as something that is alive. She makes them participate continuously
1) 67) dialog: For example, when Ulysses arrives on Calypso’s island, exhausted after a shipwreck, the nymph Calypso who was unbelievably beautiful... Marcos, who do you think is the most beautiful woman? Julieta goes over to the pupil’s desk. Marcos is a very handsome boy, aware of his attractiveness and therefore sure of himself.
1) 69) dialog: That doesn’t count because I’m the teacher, and it isn’t right for the teacher to have sex with the pupils. Come on, tell me someone else.
1) 71) dialog: Really lovely, much prettier than me.
1) 74) dialog: Tell me something that she offered him, something really important.
1) 76) dialog: That’s the first thing. But also... something we all dream about?
1) 78) dialog: Exactly, and immortality. Yet Ulysses refused it and set out to sea, facing endless dangers. Which of the three meanings would you choose to speak of the sea that Ulysses yearned for?
1) 80) dialog: (Charming) Nooo.
1) 82) dialog: That’s it, pontos! The sea, the high sea, the road to adventure and the unknown. 45. 46. Cut. “ESTUDIO” SCHOOL. CORRIDOR. INT. DAY. 1985. SPRING. Julieta is walking along a corridor, she passes a few pupils or teachers. She greets them as she passes. She stops at the door to the principal’s office. She knocks and a voice tells her to come in. “ESTUDIO” SCHOOL. PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE. INT. DAY. 1985. SPRING. The principal invites her to sit in the armchair across from her, on the other side of the desk.
1) 85) dialog: Thank you. I’ve enjoyed these six months very much.
1) 89) dialog: Yes, yes.
1) 99) dialog: Hello! Marian looks her up and down. She is one of those women who are proud of themselves and don’t hide the fact that they’re judging you. She doesn’t like the look of Julieta.
1) 103) dialog: Ana? I didn’t know her.
1) 105) dialog: (Dazzled) Oh! The sea!
1) 108) text: I don’t think he’ll be back tonight, he’s with Ava. Marian looks at her to see how she reacts. She offers her some cakes which Julieta refuses even though she’s hungry. She only accepts the coffee.
1) 113) dialog: No.
1) 117) dialog: I’m tired. I’d rather wait here if you don’t mind.
1) 119) dialog: Right there, in the entrance hall. Marian thinks it’s forward of her, and rash.
1) 122) dialog: Thank you very much. Marian hates her at that moment. She recognizes that Juliet has been the winner in that first duel. In the entrance hall:
1) 124) dialog: Thank you.
1) 126) dialog: You needn’t bother. At the door:
1) 129) dialog: I got your letter and I came.
1) 131) dialog: I never thought that your wife... Xoan doesn’t let her finish, he devours her mouth and her words.
1) 135) dialog: These cakes are delicious!
1) 137) dialog: I’m making breakfast, I was hungry.
1) 139) dialog: When I got your letter I took it as an invitation to visit you.
1) 141) dialog: I never imagined that your wife had died. I’m sorry.
1) 144) dialog: She told me you were with a woman. Xoan nods.
1) 145) dialog: Ava, I think. Xoan smiles.
1) 147) dialog: (Serious) I’m not an artist. I teach classical literature. And now, not even that.
1) 149) dialog: I think I’1l leave today. I don’t really know what I’m doing here.
1) 154) dialog: Yes.
1) 156) dialog: I didn’t have a job, I wasn’t ina hurry. I thought I’d stay for just a few days. I had to tell Xoan something but I kept putting it off. It was a new life, strange for a woman who had come from the sun, but welcoming. I spent the nights flying in Xoan’s arms. I felt trapped, and free at the same time. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. XOAN’S ROOM. NIGHT. 1985. SPRING. Julieta is lying naked on the bed. Xoan, also naked, is sitting in the armchair where he found her. He never tires of looking at her. The image of Xoan looks very like Ava’s sculptures, the series of “seated men”. REDES. AVA’S STUDIO. INT. DAY. 1985. SPRING. The studio’s interior is very distinctive. Ava is a very attractive, interesting woman. Work clothes, untidiness, suit her. Independent, sensual and free, at first sight Ava gives off all those qualities. An organized disorder reigns in the studio. An assortment of materials, photos that she uses as sketches, male nudes, pots of different kinds... pieces half made or done in clay before the mold is emptied. Lots of drawings. A few finished pieces. The oven. Julieta is immediately interested in Ava’s sculptural work. Pots and male figures. She goes over to the table where the finished sculptures are. There is a series of seated naked men. They remind us of Xoan’s posture in the previous sequence. Julieta falls in love with one of the sculptures.
1) 157) dialog: Can I touch it?
1) 159) dialog: Oof! It’s heavy!
1) 161) dialog: I thought it was terracotta.
1) 163) dialog: (Fascinated by the sculpture) It’s got such force!
1) 165) dialog: I visited Ava frequently. I liked to see her working and smoking... and she liked me to tell her mythological stories, like I did with you when you were small. Julieta is having tea and sitting in the armchair in silence while she watches Ava work. The sculptress picks up a handful of clay and starts to mold it. She has a lit cigarette stuck between her lips. She puffs on it from time to time without using her hands. Julieta looks at Ava’s_ hands, covered with mud, carefully molding a figure.
1) 166) dialog: The gods created man and other beings with the help of clay and fire. They gave them the attributes they needed for their survival. Some were given fur and others wings for flying. When it was man’s turn, the gods discovered that they had no gifts left, so man was born naked and defenseless, in the midst of nature. Ava listens carefully to her, she had never thought of the nakedness and weakness of the first man, and she pities him.
1) 167) dialog: I’m pregnant, Ava.
1) 169) dialog: By Xoan, I was pregnant when I came from Madrid. 62. 63. 64.
1) 171) dialog: No, I don’t want to put pressure on him.
1) 173) dialog: A few months after you were born, I took you to your grandparents, so they could meet you and meet Xoan. INT. OF TRAIN. EXIT FROM THE TUNNEL. 1988. SPRING (In the change of light, two years have passed)
1) 174) dialog: Two years later, we visited them again. It was urgent, so that mom could see you before it was too late. Grandpa Samuel had _ taken early retirement. He was the town schoolteacher, and he gave it up to become a farmer. He’d sold the 65. 66. house where I’d grown up = and bought another in the country... In the same train, but crossing an exterior landscape, we see Julieta with Antia, two years old. (It’s very early, day has just broken) A RURAL SQUARE IN ANDALUSIA. EXT. DUSK. 1988. SPRING. The square of a little Andalusian town. White facades. Trees that offer shade, iron benches, street lamps, a melon seller with his melon stall, one or two gypsy women, little children and one who is 8 years old and is endlessly plowing through the square on his bicycle. Old men who share the benches with other townspeople waiting for the bus. A few terraces with lines of washing, pots of flowers, a neighbor comes out of her house. A colonial style church. The square is a demonstration of the joy, color and light of the south. Samuel and Sanda are sitting on one of the metal benches. He is almost 60, his skin hardened by exposure to the sun. He is overflowing with health. Sanda is young and very beautiful, an olive-skinned Maghrebi woman. They look over at an angle of the frame. The front of the bus appears round a corner by the church. RURAL SQUARE. BESIDE THE CHURCH. EXT. DUSK. 1988. SPRING. The bus crosses the frame from left to right, blocking out the square. Relatives of the travelers start to arrive from in front and from behind. The two doors of the bus open. Carlos, 50, gets out of the rear door. As well as his own bag he has Julieta’s backpack. Julieta gets out after Carlos, with the little girl in her arms. She thanks Carlos for his help, just as she is hugged by her father, Samuel, accompanied by Sanaa. Carlos goes off to the left and effusively kisses a woman much younger than he is, probably his wife. Julieta’s group moves away to leave room for other travelers getting out and for relatives who have come to pick them up. In this way we also isolate them. Samuel picks up the backpack from the ground. He hugs his daughter and his granddaughter, overflowing with affection.
1) 177) dialog: Very long! You look so handsome!
1) 180) dialog: Yes, a brown one. And the pushchair. Sanéa goes over to the bus’s luggage compartment. Around her, the typical hubbub of travelers and relatives. While she talks to her father, Julieta keeps looking at the young Maghrebi woman.
1) 181) dialog: What about mom?
1) 183) dialog: He couldn’t come. He sends you lots of love. (She lowers her voice) And that girl?
1) 186) dialog: (Puzzled) She’s the woman who helps you?
1) 189) dialog: Don’t you miss the school?
1) 191) dialog: I never thought you’d retire, much less retire early.
1) 193) dialog: Do you speak Spanish, Sanaa?
1) 197) dialog: Which is mom’s room? Her father points to a little window, crossed by the trunk of the vine.
1) 200) dialog: I want to see mom.
1) 206) dialog: (Brightly) Hi, mom. We’re here. She bends over to kiss Sara (the woman is in bed, lying back on a pillow), still holding the child. Sara looks at them from a vacuum. She doesn’t recognize them. This breaks Julieta’s heart but she pretends to be delighted.
1) 207) dialog: Aren’t you glad to see us? Look, this is Antia. You don’t recognize her because she’s got so big. Samuel is watching the scene.
1) 209) dialog: No. I prefer to stay here. I’1l1 sleep with mom and Antia can sleep on that little bed. In one corner there’s a little folding bed.
1) 214) dialog: Mom.
1) 216) dialog: I’ve come to see you. I’ve brought Antia.
1) 218) dialog: Antia, my daughter. Julieta sits up and so does her mother. They both lean over and look down at Antia’s little bed. The child is fast asleep. The two women look at her, delighted.
1) 219) dialog: Look at her.
1) 221) dialog: She’s two years old now.
1) 224) dialog: Not now, dad. I’ve just dressed her. Aren’t you going to. say anything to mom? With true admiration and surprise:
1) 228) dialog: Dad, can I speak to you?
1) 230) dialog: Don’t waken Antia. Sanaa nods and goes out. Julieta sits down across from her father and helps him peel tomatoes.
1) 231) dialog: What do you do about mom when you go to the market?
1) 233) dialog: When you came to collect me, you’d left her on her own, locked in her room. It’s a critical, painful comment, said in a half whisper.
1) 235) dialog: (Lamenting) This is no life for mom.
1) 237) dialog: I thought you’d hired a woman to look after her.
1) 239) dialog: Sanda looks after the land and you.
1) 241) dialog: Mom needs something more than just someone to wash her and make her bed.
1) 247) dialog: We’re exhausted! The journey was awful! The two react to what the little girl does.
1) 249) dialog: (Sad) Terrible. I’1l tell you later. They go into the house. The taxi disappears. Cut. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. XOAN-JULIETA’S ROOM. NIGHT. CONT. 1988. SPRING. The room has changed with regard to how it was three years ago. Although they both share it, it is more feminine than masculine. They’ve changed some of the furniture and the curtains. Antia’s cot is next to the bed. Julieta gives a final touch to Antia’s bed, the child is fast asleep. Xoan undresses, sitting on the bed. They speak in whispers so as not to wake Antia.
1) 252) dialog: My mother is wasting away, the poor thing, locked in her room. Julieta leaves the child and turns to Xoan. He has just taken off his shirt, revealing his firm naked torso. Julieta sees that he has a new tattoo. She sits next to him. Xoan has had a heart tattooed on his right shoulder. Inside it there is a delightful little boat and, printed on the sails, the initials A and J. Julieta reads the tattoo, inquisitive.
1) 253) dialog: AJ? Does it mean Antia and Julieta? Julieta brings her lips close to the tattoo.
1) 255) dialog: I wonder if you’re living inland or on the coast, and if you still like fishing. When you were eight, you were already going out with your father in the boat. You wanted to be a fisherman, like him. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. ANTIA’S ROOM. INT. DAY. 1998. SUMMER. Time has passed for all the characters. Julieta, at 38, is in all her splendor. Xoan, close to 50, is starting to show signs of weariness and his hair is greying. Antia has grown, she is 12 now. Julieta is combing Antia’s hair in the girl’s room. On the wall there is a corkboard full of photos with her father and with her girlfriends and also some childish drawings. The window is casting a warm, intimate light on the scene. Julieta loves combing her daughter’s hair, but Antia is in a bad mood and in a sign of protest has let all her hair fall over her face. She looks like “Cousin Itt” from the Addams Family. She protests when her mother insists on combing her hair properly.
1) 256) dialog: How can I let you go to camp looking like “Cousin Itt” from the Addams!
1) 260) dialog: (Scolding her) Antia, you’re going on vacation, you’re going to enjoy yourself!
1) 262) dialog: (Fed up) Well, the young lady can’t always do what she wants to do. Xoan comes into the bedroom. He goes up to Julieta and Antia. The girl hugs him tightly. Julieta carries on combing her hair as if nothing had happened.
1) 268) dialog: Come on, you old sea dog.
1) 275) dialog: 
1) 279) dialog: (Surprised) Her husband is. sick. She’s going to look after him.
1) 281) dialog: That’s silly! Of course not!
1) 283) dialog: Antia, people have a right to retire. The explanation doesn’t convince the girl and annoys the mother. Cut. MEETING PLACE. A FORMER BUS STOP. EXT. DAY. 1998. SUMMER. The meeting place is an unused bus stop. Julieta doesn’t know the other mothers who are saying goodbye to their children amidst a great rumpus. There are boys and girls. Julieta accompanies Antia to the door of the bus. They hug. Julieta isn’t as firm as she was at home or on the drive there. The girl realizes how fragile she is and changes her attitude.
1) 284) text: (Affectionately) I’m sorry if I was being mean. Julieta smiles at her and shakes her head.
1) 285) dialog: Don’t worry. Call us as soon as you get there.
1) 289) dialog: You needn’t bother. Inés should be here soon. Marian was expecting a warmer farewell but Julieta continues with what she’s doing, not paying her much attention.
1) 291) dialog: Thank you. Julieta is still absorbed looking for a book that she can’t find. Marian looks nostalgically along the hall. As Marian doesn’t move from the door Julieta turns to her and sees that she’s wearing a black sweatshirt that belongs to Xoan.
1) 293) dialog: Are you wearing Xoan’s sweatshirt? Marian feels insulted and glares at Julieta. Hurt and categorical:
1) 296) dialog: Yes.
1) 298) dialog: I don’t want to be just a housewife, Marian. I have a profession that I like and I’ve wanted to go back to it for some time.
1) 300) dialog: (Dryly) That’s my business!
1) 302) dialog: What do you mean? What same old thing? Marian looks at her, defiantly, and goes to speak. Cut. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. MORNING. 1998. SUMMER. Marian comes out of Xoan and Julieta’s house. There are some clouds but the sun is shining. On the estuary, several gamelas are rocking at their moorings. Marian looks sullenly at the facade of the house. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. ANTIA’S ROOM. CONT. 88. 89. 1998. SUMMER. Xoan is weaving a hexagonal creel for Antia. Julieta comes in, sad and tense.
1) 304) dialog: (Serious) Yes. The new woman is due to arrive. I hope she’s more discreet.
1) 306) dialog: When I came thirteen years ago, Marian told me not to wait for you, you were spending the night with Ava. Just now, when she was saying goodbye, she said something similar, that when I went with Antia to see my parents, ten years ago, you spent the nights with Ava again... The ringing of the doorbell interrupts Xoan’s silence. Julieta goes out to see who it is. Xoan imagined that some day they’d have to talk about this. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. CONT. 1998. SUMMER. Inés is waiting at the door. She’s the young woman who’s going to replace Marian. She introduces herself. Julieta tells her to come back the next day.
1) 307) dialog: Marian did everything before she left. (In more than one sense, Julieta thinks) Inés says goodbye until the next day. She realizes that she hasn’t come at a good time. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. CONT. 1998. SUMMER. Xoan comes into the hall, he sees Julieta saying goodbye to Inés. Julieta is angry and = deeply disappointed.
1) 312) dialog: No.
1) 314) dialog: I’m going for a walk and to prepare my classes.
1) 316) dialog: Ava, I’m sorry to call you.. I just wanted to know if Xoan is with you.
1) 318) dialog: Do you have any idea where he might be?
1) 320) dialog: No.
1) 322) dialog: I hope not.. Look at the storm! Wait, they’re saying something on television. (Cont.) TELEVISION STUDIO. 1998. SUMMER.
1) 328) dialog: Bea? Who’s Bea?
1) 330) dialog: Antia? The camp: A log building in the middle of the woods. Bea’s mother is sitting between Antia and Bea. In the time the conversation lasts the two girls exchange knowing, radiant glances. Other girls will walk past occasionally.
1) 332) dialog: (Disoriented) I don’t know... I mustn’t have heard it. How are you, darling?
1) 334) dialog: (Interrupting her, not thinking clearly) I’ll go and get you tomorrow, with Ava, eh? (She looks at Ava). We’ll leave early so you don’t have to wait.
1) 336) dialog: But... we don’t know them.
1) 338) dialog: How’s my daughter? BEA’S MOTHER She’s fine, wonderful. I didn’t know her before, but I think camp has been really good for her. I wanted to ask your permission to take her to Madrid with us. Antia and my daughter have become close and they’re really pestering me about this, to be honest.
1) 339) dialog: But... doesn’t the camp end tomorrow? BEA’S MOTHER Yes. I came here early and I wanted to take them with me this afternoon. What do you think?
1) 340) dialog: Well, if she’s looking forward to it. . MADRID. BEATRIZ’S PARENTS’ HOUSE. EXT. DAY. 1998. SUMMER. A taxi stops in front of the house. Julieta gets out. MADRID. BEATRIZ’S PARENTS’ HOUSE. INT. DAY. 1998. SUMMER. A fine bourgeois house, belonging to a well-off family. Modern, with style, light-colored furniture, expensive and comfortable. Lots of photos of family and friends, good frames, works of art, etc. Claudia, Bea’s mother, comes out to meet her, looking serious. We hear the shouts of Antia, Beatriz and her older brother, playing at the back of the house, a real din. (The girls are twelve and the brother is sixteen) (In this block of sequences, Julieta is under the effects of tranquilizers, this can be seen in her lack of reflexes, slowness, etc.) The two women greet each other. BEA’S MOTHER (Justifying the noise) They’ re playing at the back. I didn’t tell them anything.
1) 341) dialog: (Nodding slightly) Antia doesn’t think it odd that I’ve come so soon? BEA’S MOTHER She’s angry because she thinks you’ve come to take her away. She called Xoan, but he didn’t answer, obviously. Julieta accepts that she can’t postpone the conversation with her daughter any longer.
1) 342) dialog: Where should I tell her? Claudia points to a large, comfortable, beige couch in a corner filled with family photos, sculptures and large coffee table books. On the wall, above the couch, there is a painting by Richard Serra, the surface of which is dominated by the color black, large brushstrokes of textured black. Although the sitting room is full of details and volumes, Richard Serra’s painting completely takes over the space. BEA’S MOTHER You’ll have more privacy in the sitting room. Would you like anything to drink?
1) 343) dialog: I don’t know... Bea’s mother goes off to get Antia. Cut. 110. MADRID. BEATRIZ’S PARENTS’ HOUSE. CONT. 1998. SUMMER. Julieta is sitting waiting for her in the center of the couch under Richard Serra’s enormous black brushstrokes. Antia bursts in, hot from playing and having come running. Mother and daughter embrace. Julieta holds her tightly. Antia immediately pulls away. Julieta finds her daughter more suntanned and full of life.
1) 345) dialog: I have to tell you something, love. They sit down.
1) 346) dialog: Two days after you left, there was a storm. Your father’s boat and two other boats disappeared. No one survived.
1) 348) dialog: No.
1) 350) dialog: Yes.
1) 353) dialog: The storm broke in the afternoon and your father went out in the morning. Antia keeps crying on Beatriz’s shoulder. Julieta looks at the two adolescents and feels very alone on the couch, under the recalcitrant black of Richard Serra’s painting. Cut. MADRID. BEATRIZ’S PARENTS’ HOUSE. SPACIOUS KITCHEN. DAY. 1998. SUMMER. In the large family kitchen, the two mothers are sitting at a round table, talking and having some infusions. Beatriz’s mother apologizes for bringing up a practical matter under such painful circumstances. Julieta is holding a cup of tea, but she’s shaking so much she’s afraid she’1ll spill it and she leaves it on the table. She seems more defenseless after having given the news to her daughter, and she is too confused to take decisions. Everything overwhelms her. In the large kitchen, Tata Rosa is cooking, with her back to them. BEA’S MOTHER I’m sorry to have to talk to you about this, but my husband and I have planned a trip to Patagonia and now Bea doesn’t want to come. She wants to stay here with Antia, in the house...
1) 354) dialog: Oh, yes? BEA’S MOTHER Obviously they can’t stay on their own.
1) 355) dialog: No, of course not... 112. 113. BEA’S MOTHER I was thinking... Why don’t you stay with them? Our son is coming with us.
1) 356) dialog: Here? BEA’S MOTHER Yes, the two girls and you. After what’s happened, it will do you good to rest. And Antia will be more distracted in Madrid.
1) 357) dialog: (Stammering) Well... Julieta lets Bea’s mother decide for her. BEA’S MOTHER Tata Rosa will take care of everything. You can go out for walks, go to the movies, rest...
1) 358) dialog: But I haven’t brought any clothes... BEA’S MOTHER You can use mine, I have raincoats, blouses that are tight on me now and would look much better on you. You can try on whatever you like. Julieta looks at her, stunned. MADRID. STREETS OF MADRID. EXT. DAY. 1998. EARLY SEPTEMBER. Julieta is walking with Bea and Antia through the Plaza de Alonso Martinez, the same place (filmed with the same lens) where we’ve seen her walking in 2016. Bea’s mother’s clothes fit her perfectly and aren’t those of someone who is in deep mourning. The two adolescents are talking animatedly with each other, Julieta never intervenes, she’s walking like a robot, with a lost expression. MADRID. OPEN AIR BASKETBALL COURT. EXT. DAY. 114. 115. 1998. SEPTEMBER. It’s the same open air basketball court from seq. 157 in 2016. Julieta is sitting on the same bench watching the two girls playing basketball. At least Antia seems integrated and enthusiastic about her new life. Julieta looks at them absently although this scene (the girls happily playing basketball) will be engraved on her memory.
1) 359) dialog: Things happened without my participation, one thing foretelling the next.
1) 365) dialog: 
1) 370) dialog: Bea and you found an apartment near where she lived... You made me rent it.. By then I was exhausted... but you were strong as a rock. You had suddenly grown up... REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. ENTRANCE. INT. NIGHT. 1998. SEPTEMBER. Antia and Ava come into Xoan’s house. (They open the door with a key) Antia goes straight to her room and finds the little hexagonal creel that her father had been making for her and had left unfinished. It is just as he had left it. It’s like a relic. The living trace of Xoan.
1) 371) dialog: You went back to Redes with Ava, to close the house and put it up for sale. Bea looked after me in Madrid. 117. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. 3°° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. SITTING
1) 374) dialog: When you came back, we didn’t talk much about your trip. You didn’t want to make me sad and I didn’t have the strength to ask you. They have just bathed her. Julieta is still in the bath tub, as if stranded, incapable of getting out on her own. Antia is in charge of the operation, ordering her mother and Bea with authority. Bea obeys with the best of intentions, but it’s obvious she’s not very used to the task. However it seems as if Antia had been looking after useless women all her life. She exudes energy. Between them, the two girls grasp Julieta under her arms and lift her up.
1) 383) dialog: DO you like how it’s turning out? I think I’m going to start on the sitting room tomorrow.
1) 385) dialog: Bea has a beautiful, vanilla colored house and she doesn’t have to live here. Shall I fix you a sandwich?
1) 387) dialog: I got over my depression with your help and I found a job I could do 121. 122. at home, proofreading for a publisher. I devoted the rest of my time to you, I didn’t need anything else. Julieta proofreading until late into the night. On her desk she has a thick pile of printing proofs. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. INT. DAY. 2003. SUMMER.
1) 388) dialog: Four years later, when Bea went to the U.S., you chose a spiritual retreat in the Pyrenees. A retreat that would last three months, until you came back to start university! Antia, now 18, is packing a little case in her room. On the walls we see some pictures that appeared in the house in Redes, paintings that have to do with the sea. Stuck on the wall are photos of Joan Jett, Chavela Vargas, basketball teams and several photos with her friend Bea in different periods. A regulation basketball ball, the little hexagonal creel that her father left unfinished.. Her father is very present in the room, her father and Bea.
1) 389) dialog: I was horrified at being separated from you, but you had gone out very little in the last years, you were always busy looking after me or studying. I had no right to say no. And, also, you were an adult. Julieta is preparing some food. She is sad at being separated from Antia. Julieta is 44 and Antia is 18. They are still living in 19, Fernando VI, 3** Floor, and where, thirteen years later, on the 2° Floor, Julieta will write to her daughter all that we are hearing in voiceover. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. INT. DAY. 2003. SUMMER. Julieta and Antia are silent in the kitchen after eating. The entry phone rings. Antia, dressed as in the previous sequence, in comfortable clothes for the journey, answers.
1) 392) dialog: Well, take good care of yourself and have fun. Antia smiles, as if the idea of having fun seems out of place.
1) 394) dialog: (Alarmed) Are you going to be incommunicado?
1) 396) dialog: What if I get ill?
1) 398) dialog: Of course not, darling. I’ve got work and as_ well I want to organize my notes. I might start turning them into a book. I’1l be busy.
1) 400) dialog: (Begging) Let me go with you to the station.
1) 406) dialog: I’m Antia Feij6oo’s mother. She shows her the map. Liliana doesn’t need to look at it.
1) 407) dialog: I arranged to pick her up today.
1) 409) dialog: What a magnificent place! And it couldn’t be more isolated. They arrive in silence at the door of the house. Liliana goes in and immediately a woman comes out dressed in a knitted sweater and jeans. Casual hairstyle, her face free of make-up. She greets Julieta with a hospitable smile.
1) 411) dialog: Yes. I’m Antia’s mother. They shake hands.
1) 414) dialog: What a wonderful place! 128. PYRENEES. ISOLATED STONE HOUSE. EXT. DAY. 2003. FALL. They sit down across from each other at the wooden table. Juliet looks at Juana, politely impatient.
1) 415) dialog: Does Antia know I’m here?
1) 417) dialog: I can’t wait to see her. These three months without her have been so long.
1) 419) dialog: I realize you have your reasons, but the lack of communication all this time has been very difficult. Juana takes a sip from her cup.
1) 420) dialog: Will I have to wait very long?
1) 422) dialog: (Disconcerted, she looks around) Isn’t this the house? She shows her the map.
1) 423) dialog: I followed the directions on the map!
1) 425) dialog: (Complaining) She could have let me know! I’ve driven here from Madrid.
1) 427) dialog: And where did she go? I hope it’s near here!
1) 429) dialog: What?! With the same serenity and leaving no room for doubt.
1) 431) dialog: (Reproachfully) You mean you don’t know? You’re in charge here!
1) 433) dialog: (Incredulous) This is ridiculous! Are you insinuating that my daughter doesn’t want to see me?
1) 435) dialog: I think I’m going to call the police.
1) 437) dialog: What did you do to my daughter in these three months?!
1) 439) dialog: Need?! Of what?! She’s never wanted for anything! 130.
1) 441) dialog: What do you mean?
1) 443) dialog: (Beside herself) I want her to tell me that herself! Where is she?
1) 446) dialog: (Suffering) You can’t tell that!
1) 451) dialog: I reported your disappearance to the police, I hired a_ private detective. For the first months I did nothing but look for you every way I could. The only thing I discovered was how little I knew you. 131. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. INT. DA 2004. FALL. Julieta puts a cake in the middle of the dining room table. A perfectly round cake, an explosive red color. She sticks two wax numbers in the center of the cake, a 1 anda 9. Nineteen.
1) 452) dialog: On your 19th birthday, I bought you a cake. She hears the doorbell. Julieta answers immediately. A mail man has brought a registered letter. She has to sign for it. The address is hand-written and Julieta recognizes the writing. It’s her daughter Antia’s. Her heart leaps. There’s no return address. As_ she closes the door she is already tearing open the envelope. All she finds inside is a birthday card. It’s a neutral impersonal card. It has a little pop-up vase of flowers and the words “Happy Birthday”. There is nothing hand written. Not even a signature. Nothing. She inspects the stamps, but she doesn’t find any clue there. In the kitchen she takes the cake and, furious, throws it in the garbage.
1) 453) dialog: I guess that, with that brutally impersonal card, you wanted to let me know that you were all right. Fade to black. 132. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. SITTIN ROOM. INT. 133. SAMUEL’S HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. EXT. 2004. FALL. Julieta is at her computer, in the sitting room. Almost the entire screen is filled with the photo of a boy, 6 or 7 years old, dark and beautiful. Julieta is looking at him closely. There is a written message at the top of the screen. A message from Samuel, her father. Her cell phone rings, she has it next to her. She can see who is calling, it’s her father. She hesitates up to the last minute before answering it. In the Andalusian house Samuel is sitting on a chair selecting potatoes from a basin. In the background Sanda is gathering clothes that had been hanging to dry in the sun, and beside him, sitting on the ground, is his seven year old son playing with pieces of Lego. (Samuel has less hair and his beard is very white. Sanda however looks wonderful. It’s been 16 years since we saw her for the first time, accompanying the father when they collected Julieta and her little girl from the bus stop.)
1) 454) dialog: Hello, dad.
1) 456) dialog: I’m looking at it now.
1) 458) dialog: (To comply) Yes... he’s very handsome. Sanda appears and sits next to Samuel, listening carefully to the phone conversation.
1) 460) dialog: I can’t right now, dad. I told you, I’m really busy. I’m sorry, but I have to go now. I’11 call you, OK?
1) 462) dialog: I’d rather not talk about mom’s death.
1) 464) dialog: I’ll do that. Kisses to all of you too. Fade to black. 134. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. ANTIA’S BIRTHDAY. DAY AND NIGHT. 2005. FALL. Julieta finishes putting a birthday cake in the center of the table in the sitting room. It has two candles one the number 2 and the other a 0. She sits down to wait. She drinks white wine while she waits. The light coming through the window gradually changes until night falls. She has got dressed, put on make-up and fixed her hair for the wait. 135. 136. At night, when it is impossible for any card to arrive, like the year before, she takes the cake and throws it in the garbage can in the kitchen.
1) 465) dialog: For the first three years, I bought you a cake on your birthday. I was consoled by the idea of celebrating the arrival of a card from you, and at least seeing your handwriting on the address. I didn’t expect more, but even that was expecting too much. The first three years, throwing a cake in the garbage to celebrate your birthday became a tradition. Cut. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3" FLOOR. HOUSE 1. NIGHT. 2006. FALL. After throwing out the third cake, the one for the 21°* birthday, Julieta explodes into an uncontrollable catharsis, and continues throwing things on the floor. She’s beside herself. She goes into Antia’s room. She opens closets and drawers and destroys all her belongings. She rips up all the photos, the ones stored in a drawer and the ones in frames. (The torn-up photo that was kept in a blue Christmas card-sized envelope and then stuck back together is in a frame on the bedside table). She takes the ball and throws it out the window into the inner patio. She breaks or rips everything she finds to hand. She only respects the mementoes of Xoan. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. JULIETA’S HOUSE 1. SUPER’S OFFICE. INT. 2006. FALL. Julieta brings down a full bag, perhaps a suitcase. She is wearing dark glasses. Behind her, or in front, two men come down with large black garbage bags, full of ripped up items and clothes. Inocencio greets to her, a little intimidated. 137. 138. 139.
1) 466) dialog: Inocencio, I’m giving up the apartment. I’m leaving Spain.
1) 468) dialog: As soon as possible! Within a week. I apologize for the commotion last night.
1) 470) dialog: He won’t have to put up with me any longer. Goodbye. And she goes out. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. 2006. FALL. The two men we saw in the previous sequence put the black plastic bags into a truck parked at the front door of the building.
1) 471) dialog: I looked for an area of Madrid that you had never set foot in. I wanted to live in a place where there was no trace of you, so that nothing would remind me of you. MADRID. FACADE OF BUILDING. EXT. DAY. 2006. FALL. The facade of a building far from the city center, an anonymous, ugly street, with nothing attractive or characteristic. Julieta goes into the building with a wheeled suitcase. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. 2006-2007. FALL. 140. 141. 142. The interior of an impersonal apartment, decorated so that anyone could live there. Functional and anonymous. Julieta puts a photo of her with her parents on a shelf, another with Xoan and another with Ava. There is only the most essential furniture and the walls are painted white without a single adornment. It’s the same place where we saw her at the beginning, in 2015, with Lorenzo, but with fewer things. An aseptic, impersonal place with no trace of Antia. This house is the denial of the house in which she lived with Antia. Cut. FACADE AVA’S CLINIC. EXT. DAY. 2006-2007. Julieta goes into the clinic, we don’t see its name. She’s carrying a bunch of flowers. LOBBY OF CLINIC. 2006-2007. Julieta is waiting for the elevator. She’s distracted. Lorenzo Gentile comes out of the elevator. He looks at her quite openly. Julieta is still an attractive woman. She rejects Lorenzo’s frank stare and looks at the back of the elevator towards which she’s walking. Avoiding his eye means she almost bumps into him. Lorenzo apologizes, although it’s her fault. Lorenzo stands outside watching Julieta disappear into the elevator. Cut. AVA’S ROOM, CLINIC. INT. DAY. 2006-2007. Julieta comes into Ava’s room. The sculptress has aged, naturally, but she is still a very pretty woman despite her grey hair and the wrinkles. She’s very weak, but she still maintains her self-assurance. Julieta leaves the flowers on the bed and kisses Ava who is sitting in a hospital armchair. We suppose that they have already seen each other and talked of their mutual problems on other occasions.
1) 472) dialog: How are you, sweetheart?
1) 474) dialog: (With no enthusiasm) Better, it’s like I was living in another city. Julieta goes over to the only table to put the flowers in a vase.
1) 477) dialog: (Moved) A seated man! (She presses it against her breast) Thank you, Ava! She sits in another armchair across from the patient and leaves the sculpture, still in bubble wrap, on a little table between them.
1) 482) dialog: (Indignant) But Marian wasn’t there, she’d gone to her own house by 11:00!
1) 484) dialog: (Puzzled) Antia didn’t say anything to me. She never asked me anything.
1) 486) dialog: I. don’t understand... She never reproached me about it. We didn’t talk much, it’s true, but adolescents are mysterious, and I didn’t want to pester her. Ava takes a deep breath to continue.
1) 488) dialog: (Surprised) She rang you? I didn’t know. 145. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 2003. Flashback of Antia, next SUMMER. to her half-packed suitcase, the but 1. INT. DAY. in her room in House 3, day departure. She calls Ava, while Julieta is kitchen.
1) 493) dialog: And... why did she feel guilty?
1) 497) dialog: I raised you in the same freedom as my parents had raised me... When we moved to Madrid and I fell into that depression, I never told you but I was suffocated by a tremendous sense of guilt about your father’s death and that of the man on the train. I always avoided talking about it, I wanted you to grow up free of guilt. But you sensed it, and despite my silence I ended up infecting you like a virus. She looks at the open window, a slight breeze moves the white net curtain. For a moment she sees the window and invitation to the void. A CEMETERY. EXT. DAY. 2007. FALL. At the door of the chapel: The non-believers (or simply smokers) are gathered outside the door of the chapel, forming little groups. Lorenzo is with three men. He sees Julieta a few yards away, out of place, with black glasses, her hair tied back and a black overcoat in the form of a cape. On both sides of the chapel there are only graves. It is a beautiful sunny fall day. Julieta brings to mind that kind of emancipated, sorrowful, attractive woman played so well by Gena Rowlands, directed by John Cassavettes in the 60s. Lorenzo walks over to her. And he introduces himself.
1) 500) dialog: Ava bequeathed me Lorenzo. I never told him about you. There wasn’t a single trace of you in the house, you didn’t exist. I started a new life with him. The days became weeks and the weeks months and years.. There were days I didn’t think about you. Images of life with Lorenzo. MADRID. ACADEMY WHERE JULIETA TEACHES. INT. 2010. Julieta continues giving classes, this time in an academy. She looks better. She’s talking about Ulysses’ descent to the Underworld, the Hell of Hades, and how he found his mother who had died of sadness waiting for him. MADRID. MARIBEL YEBENES’ CLINIC. INT. 2010. Julieta is in a little room in the Maribel Yébenes clinic, oxygenating her face (or some state-of-the-art technique at that time). MADRID, CINEMA. EXT. 2010. 153. 154. 155. 156. In a line for the cinema, Julieta is talking animatedly with Lorenzo. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. NIGHT. 2010. FALL. They make love... MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2™ FLOOR. HOUSE 3. 2016. SUMMER. Julieta in the present is still writing to her daughter. She is thinner, weaker, more unstable. Her skin has lost its glow compared to the previous sequences, which illustrate her life with Lorenzo six years before.
1) 501) dialog: When an ex-drug addict, no matter how many years he’s been clean, relapses just once, that relapse is fatal.. (She sighs) I abstained from you for years, but I made the mistake of relapsing into the hope of finding you or hearing about you. That absurd hope has devoured the fragile basis on which I had built my new life. I’ve got nothing left now. Only you exist. Your absence fills my life completely and is destroying it. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. EXT. DAY. 2016. FALL. Julieta comes out of the building and walks along slowly, until she is swallowed up by the crowd. MADRID. NEIGHBORHOOD BASKETBALL COURT. EXT. DAY. 2016. FALL. Sitting on a bench inside the basketball court, at one side, in the open air, Julieta imagines she’s seeing her daughter when she played there. Two little girls come into her field of vision, playing and throwing the ball at the basket. If it’s a hallucination, Julieta gives herself up to it. Across from Julieta, on the other side of the court, Beatriz is sitting on another bench. She is checking her mail on an iPad. Neither sees the other at first. Julieta is concentrating on the girls’ game and Beatriz is reading and answering her messages. Beatriz looks up to check on the girls and that is when she sees Julieta in the background. She waves to her surprised by the encounter.
1) 504) dialog: (Getting up, as if out of it) Beatriz! Is it really you?
1) 507) dialog: (Exhausted and tearful) Those two little girls reminded me of you and Antia.
1) 509) dialog: When we met, I didn’t say anything, but I haven’t seen Antia, or heard anything about her, for twelve years...
1) 511) dialog: Did you really meet her, like you told me?
1) 513) dialog: (Puzzled) Unpleasant? Why?
1) 515) dialog: Is it true about the children? She has children?
1) 517) dialog: But why didn’t she want to talk to you? You were her best friend! Asserting her status:
1) 518) text: We were more than that, Julieta. Julieta looks at her, confused. Has she misunderstood her? But Julieta isn’t sure she understands her.
1) 520) dialog: (Hesitating) Yes.. of course, you were always together. And Beatriz doesn’t want to be left alone with her memories of There’s no one better to share them with than Julieta. Antia.
1) 522) dialog: Hell?
1) 524) dialog: (Admitting) No, I don’t know anything.
1) 526) dialog: And... did you speak again? Were you in touch?
1) 528) dialog: In what way?
1) 532) dialog: My mouth is dry. Lorenzo pours her a glass of water. He is an intrigued, attentive man. He is still affected.
1) 533) dialog: What a coincidence that you were there when the accident happened!
1) 535) dialog: But.. I moved house, Lorenzo... I don’t live there anymore.
1) 537) dialog: You do? How did you find out?
1) 539) dialog: Oh...
1) 542) dialog: (Touched) Forgive me for saying goodbye to you in such an awful way. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. EXT. DAY. 2016. FALL. Lorenzo gets out of a taxi in front of Julieta’s house 3, in the same building as House 1. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. 2™° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. LANDING INT. 2016. FALL. Lorenzo has got Julieta’s keys in his hand. He opens the door. He finds a letter lying on the floor. He picks it up and takes it with him. He just looks at the address, it’s for Julieta. It doesn’t look like advertising. It’s hand written. It’s Antia’s writing but Lorenzo doesn’t recognize it. There’s a return address, a town in Switzerland. In the bedroom, he fills one of Julieta’s bags with clothes, the most essential things. He doesn’t know the apartment, but he knows her belongings. He is amazed by the bareness of the place, there are no decorative items, except for Ava’s omnipresent sculpture. On the desk, he finds the notebooks which Julieta has written to Antia. Lorenzo looks at them, paralyzed, because he senses that their pages uncover the enigma surrounding Julieta. The last notebook is still open at the latest notes. He closes it. He avoids the temptation of reading those lines, still fresh. He sees the reconstructed photo of Julieta and Antia on the table. 161. 162. He also discovers a photo of the two of them, Julieta and Lorenzo, on one of their trips. For Lorenzo, the sight of this photo, framed and resting on the desk, is vital. It shows him that he isn’t out of Julieta’s life. HOSPITAL. INT. DAY. 2016. FALL. The bag with Julieta’s belongings is lying open on the bed. Lorenzo is sitting on the only chair, reading a newspaper. Julieta comes out of the bathroom. She looks better although she’s still convalescing. She still has the sensation that her body doesn’t belong to her. She is an expert in that sensation. Julieta is wearing a bathrobe. She looks in the bag for something and takes out the plastic toilet bag. She sees the notebooks at the bottom. She takes them out and looks at them for a moment.
1) 543) dialog: Have you read them?
1) 545) dialog: Read them if you want, and then destroy them. Julieta looks into the bottom of the bag again, she glimpses a letter at the bottom. She puts her hand in and pulls it out. When she sees her address her heart leaps. She recognizes Antia’s handwriting immediately. Trembling, she turns the letter over to see if it has a return address. This time it does, this time she finds her daughter’s name and her address in Switzerland. Mix-Parking Cioss. Sognono. A CAR. ON THE ROAD. 2016. FALL. Lorenzo is driving the car. Julieta is next to him. The trees lining the road are reflected on and invade the windscreen. Lorenzo and Julieta are pensive and silent. We hear the contents of Antia’s letter. Antia’s words acquire great presence, as if she were in the back seat saying the contents of the letter aloud.
1) 547) dialog: I’m not going to ask her for an explanation. I just want to be with her, but she didn’t invite me to visit her.