0) 2) dialog: Take the essential ones. If you miss any you can buy them on the Internet.
0) 4) dialog: (Smiling) Right now you look like a little girl. Julieta makes a nervous face.
0) 5) dialog: Apart from the books, do you have a lot to do?
0) 7) dialog: Julieta, we’re not going to the desert. You’ll be able to come to Madrid when you like... or go to Braga, which is closer.
0) 9) dialog: (Murmuring to her) Thank you.
0) 11) dialog: For not letting me grow old on my own.
0) 32) text: I’m really happy to see you looking so well, Julieta. Bye. Beatriz runs off after the kiss and joins the group waiting for her, while Julieta watches hungrily. 4. MADRID. A STREET JUNCTION IN THE CENTER. EXT. DAY. CONT. 2016. SPRING. Julieta remains motionless on the sidewalk. She watches helplessly as Beatriz disappears round the next corner with her group of friends. She would swear that the woman dressed with masculine elegance is asking her, intrigued, who she was. Beatriz explains to her. Juliet can’t hear them. 5. MADRID. HOUSE 2. SITTING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. 2016. SPRING. Julieta comes into her apartment with the plastic bags containing her last purchases. Her face is no longer that of the happy, tranquil woman in the first sequences with Lorenzo. Now her expression is somber and agitated. In her mind she hears time and again the conversation with Beatriz in the street, like a ritornello. She can’t get it out of her head. She leaves the bags on the writing desk, picks up the wastepaper basket and puts it on the desk. Julieta rummages around in it, under the gaze of Lucian Freud from one of the posters. In the silence of the night and with the light from the lamp, Freud’s portrait takes on an inquisitive presence. Julieta finally finds the Christmas card-sized blue envelope that she threw out in the morning. Her cell phone rings. It’s Lorenzo. She doesn’t answer it. It rings again, she still doesn’t answer it. Julieta can’t stop looking at the blue envelope while her breathing grows more agitated. 6. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. THE NEXT MORNING. 2016. SPRING. Julieta puts some water in a saucepan to boil, to make tea. Everything is tidy. She is wearing sports clothes suitable for house wear. Silence. The entry phone rings. It’s Lorenzo. Julieta presses the button to let him in. Lorenzo raps on the door. Julieta opens the apartment door, more rigid than usual and looking as if she’s had a bad night. Lorenzo comes into the hall. From the outset he notices that something is amiss. He just has to look at Julieta. They greet each other with a routine kiss on the mouth.
0) 33) dialog: Are you all right? As an answer...
0) 35) dialog: I called you last night and you didn’t answer.
0) 37) dialog: What about the cases... and the boxes? Don’t tell me you still haven’t finished.
0) 39) dialog: Are you joking? Lorenzo knows that she isn’t, he looks at her questioningly. Julieta is concentrating on making the tea.
0) 40) dialog: But that’s ridiculous! Julieta looks at him in silence. It isn’t ridiculous.
0) 42) dialog: (Alarmed) But what’s happened? She fills her cup with hot water, the teabag is in there. She sweetens it with agave syrup.
0) 44) dialog: And you’re not going to give me any explanation?! Silence. Julieta takes a deep breath.
0) 45) dialog: What’s going on, Julieta?
0) 47) dialog: (Interrupting her) Don’t tell me you hadn’t thought about it until now! We’ve been planning this for almost a year! Julieta looks at him, mortified.
0) 48) dialog: Just yesterday you said “I’d like not to come back to Madrid if I can help it”! What’s happened so suddenly? Julieta is still struggling with herself. But it’s obvious she has taken an irrevocable decision.
0) 49) text: (Weak and decisive) Don’t insist, please. He glares at her. Lorenzo’s mouth has gone dry, his palate is sticky.
0) 50) dialog: Can I have a glass of water? Julieta takes a bottle from the refrigerator and pours him a glass of water in silence. Lorenzo drinks from the glass, thinking about what to say to her.
0) 51) dialog: I don’t recognize you, Julieta. You're behaving like a lunatic...
0) 53) dialog: (Powerless) I can’t believe we’re talking about this!
0) 55) dialog: I always knew there was something important in your life that you’ve never shared with me. You never wanted to talk about it and I’ve always respected that.
1) 498) dialog: We saw each other in the hospital elevator. Julieta looks at him closely but doesn’t remember him.
1) 499) dialog: I thought to myself: that woman is so pretty and so.. downhearted. She must be coming to see someone who is very ill. I never imagined that it was our beloved Ava. 149. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. EVENING OR NIGHT. 150. 151. 152. 2007. FALL. In this period, Julieta is forty eight. Lorenzo a little older, but he wears it well. They drink a toast in memory of Ava, in front of the sculpture of the seated man. In a house radically lacking in adornments, the sculpture takes on a special importance.
1) 530) text: Lorenzo!
1) 531) dialog: (Fondly, without overwhelming her) How are you?
1) 534) dialog: Yes.. I came back from Portugal four days ago and.. I went straight to your house to see if I might be in luck, and I saw you coming out.
1) 536) dialog: I know.
1) 538) dialog: The first days I followed you to see what you were doing.
1) 540) dialog: Anyone less distracted than you would have realized. Julieta is listening carefully.
1) 541) dialog: When I realized that I was turning into one of those obsessive Patricia Highsmith characters, 159. 160. hiding around corners or keeping watch on your house, I stopped following you and rT went to Portugal to write. I came back a few days ago. Julieta thinks of the tough process she has’ gone through since the last time she saw Lorenzo.
1) 544) dialog: Nooo! I didn’t have time, and anyway I wouldn’t have dared.
1) 548) dialog: After thirteen years she didn’t dare, but she put her return address. The car is driving through an idyllic Swiss valley. A road sign says that they are on the road to Sonogno and that the car can’t go over 50 kilometers per hour. Julieta isn’t in a hurry and the views through the car window are so beautiful.