1) 97) dialog: Cinnamon! Julieta strokes the dog which reacts with delight. Mariana is 50 year old Galician woman, weather-beaten, broad and reserved.
1) 98) dialog: Cinnamon! Don’t be a nuisance!
1) 100) dialog: I think you’re late. The funeral was yesterday. Julieta doesn’t understand what she means. She looks at her, bewildered.
1) 101) dialog: But come in, if you want, and have some coffee. I’m Marian, I take care of the house. Julieta accepts the invitation, upset by the news that someone has died and has already been buried. They walk through a large entrance hall which communicates with the rest of the house by a door. Seascapes and the oil portrait of a woman from another era hang on the walls. Marian is a hard woman, in every sense, and quite ugly. Her eyes are of different colors, her hair has a small, casual curl, she makes no effort to be pleasant, just the opposite. She behaves as if she owns the house. She prejudges Julieta with contempt, she thinks she is some easy conquest of Xoan’s. And it shows. She has invited her in to be able to confirm it. 51. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. DAY. 1985. SPRING. Julieta follow hers into the house. On a sideboard near the entrance is the figure of a boat painted indigo blue. It catches her attention. She looks at the piece with an expert eye. The two women walk from the front door to the kitchen, crossing the entrance and a hallway.
1) 102) dialog: When did you meet Ana? Julieta breathes more easily. It’s Ana who is dead. Xoan is fine.
1) 104) dialog: That’s what I thought, because Ana hadn’t been out of here in the last six years. They go into the kitchen. The kitchen looks out on the sea through three enormous windows. The sea fills the kitchen and Julieta’s eyes.
1) 106) dialog: It’s very striking the first time, isn’t it? Sit down. Julieta obeys and sits at the table in the middle of the kitchen. Marian, with her back to her, serves her coffee on the kitchen worktop. There are lots of Sargadelos cups and plates.
1) 107) dialog: So, you’ve come to see Xoan. Julieta nods and makes a vague sound. She had thought of making some excuse, that she was passing through, that she was going to visit a friend who lives in the area, but at the last minute she decides not to. It would be like admitting Marian’s superiority.
1) 108) text: I don’t think he’ll be back tonight, he’s with Ava. Marian looks at her to see how she reacts. She offers her some cakes which Julieta refuses even though she’s hungry. She only accepts the coffee.
1) 109) dialog: Do you know Ava? Julieta shakes her head.
1) 110) dialog: She does ceramics and sculptures. Julieta supposes that the sculpture at the entrance, the blue boat, must be by her. Maria sits across the table from Julieta. As if guessing what Julieta is thinking.
1) 111) dialog: Ava and Ana were good friends, when Ana was still able to talk or she could listen. The poor woman was like a vegetable, and a man needs a woman, (She looks at her blatantly) but it’s not for me to criticize Xoan. Julieta is listening to Marian with her empty coffee cup in her hands.
1) 112) dialog: More coffee?
1) 114) dialog: Then give me the cup and I’11 wash it. She takes the cup, stands up and goes over to the work top. She runs the water while she asks:
1) 115) dialog: Well, what are you going to do? You can still catch the eight o’clock bus. It passes near here, in the square. Julieta doesn’t react, she just looks at her watch. There are almost three hours to go.
1) 116) dialog: You can come home with me and then my husband will take you to the bus. She goes to get her jacket which is hanging on a hook.
1) 118) dialog: (Scandalized) Where?
1) 120) dialog: On your own? She considers in silence what Julieta’s relationship with Xoan might be if she speaks like that. She thinks that perhaps it would be presumptuous of her to throw out a real friend of her boss. From the first moment, the meeting between Marian and Julieta is a confrontation, a struggle for domestic power, although it’s senseless and is too soon. Marian gives way, although she doesn’t hide her disapproval and how little she trusts Julieta. She picks up her jacket and purse. She changes tactic, she speaks in a friendly tone.
1) 121) dialog: I’d stay with you, but I can’t. I’ve neglected my husband these last days.
1) 123) dialog: (Annoyed) Well, anyway, Cinnamon will stay with you. Julieta sits in one of the ugly armchairs in the entrance hall.
1) 125) dialog: Be careful not to fall asleep and miss the bus, eh? I’1l call you on the phone, just in case.
1) 127) dialog: I’11 call you. And she leaves the house. Julieta relaxes. The dog comes up to her, ready to play, and she welcomes it, delighted. She is alone, in Xoan’s house. Cut. 52. REDES. FACADE XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. DARKEST NIGHT. 1985. SPRING. All we can hear is the murmur of the sea and the barking of a distant dog. Xoan gets out of a van. He opens the front door and goes into the entrance hall. Silence reigns in the house. The lights in the entrance hall, the kitchen and the hallway are out. 53. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. HALLWAY/XOAN’S ROOM. INT. EARLY MORNING. CONT. 1985. SPRING. He looks towards the far end of the house. Silence. Everything is neat and tidy. Xoan walks along the hallway to the door of his bedroom. He opens it very slowly and stands in the doorway, enjoying what he sees. Julieta is lying sleeping in the leather armchair. There is a little lamp lit on a low side table. The light bounces off the wall and softly illuminates Julieta’s seated figure. The dog is sleeping beside her on the floor. Xoan doesn’t want to disturb that image and he doesn’t turn on the overhead light. Everything that isn’t the sleeping Julieta remains in semi- darkness. He walks quietly over to the armchair so as not to wake her. He takes her in his arms and carries her to the bed. Juliet opens her eyes.
1) 152) dialog: Leave that, I’1l wash them. Marian is about to say “I see you missed the bus”, but she restrains herself. She leaves the bags on the worktop. She speaks, but keeps her back turned on the other two.
1) 153) dialog: Is she staying today? Julieta looks at Xoan and decides at that moment. She no longer has any doubts.
1) 245) dialog: The Andalusians are here! She kisses Julieta and showers Antia with hugs and cuddles. She takes some of the luggage. Xoan joins the group. He kisses both of them, the child and her mother, as best he can. He’s happy, smiling from ear to ear.
1) 270) dialog: Are you leaving already, Antia? You’1ll come and visit me at home when you get back, won’t you?
1) 272) dialog: No, love. I won’t be here. Maria looks reproachfully at Julieta. This annoys Julieta. All these years her dealings with Marian have been full of these kinds of indirect looks and resentful silences. Fortunately Marian will be leaving in a few days.
1) 273) dialog: But you have to promise you’ll come and see me.
1) 288) dialog: Do you want me to fix you something for dinner before I leave? From the exchange of looks when Antia said goodbye to Marian, Julieta is longing for the servant to leave. She answers her politely but coldly.
1) 290) dialog: If you can’t find anything, call me at home.
1) 292) dialog: Well, I’1l be going.
1) 294) dialog: Xoan gave it to me a while ago! I’m not taking anything that isn’t mine! Despite her abrasiveness, Julieta doesn’t notice the change of expression in Marian’s dissimilar eyes.
1) 295) dialog: Are you serious about giving private classes?
1) 297) dialog: I think you’re making a mistake. 86. 87. Julieta is amazed by the presumptuous comment and is about to say to her “It’s none of your business”, but she restrains herself. She doesn’t want to say goodbye to Marian with the confrontation which both have managed to avoid for years.
1) 299) dialog: (Declaring) A woman’s profession is her family. If you want to keep it united it’s best to stay at home. Marian no longer hides her fury at Julieta, she has nothing to lose now.
1) 301) dialog: (Murmuring) If you go, the same old thing will happen. Julieta glares at her.