1) 175) dialog: (To the little girl) But who have we here! She’s got so big! Don’t you have a kiss for grandpa? Samuel hugs his daughter and kisses her. In a more adult tone, but happy.
1) 176) dialog: How was the journey, sweetheart?
1) 178) dialog: You’re the two beauties! Look, I want to introduce you to Sanaa. Sanda holds out her hand shyly. Julieta offers her left hand. She’s holding the little girl with her right, so she makes an apologetic gesture.
1) 179) dialog: Have you got a case?
1) 182) dialog: She’s fine. We’re getting by. You’1l see her now. How’s Xoan?
1) 184) dialog: 
1) 187) dialog: She looks after your mother and helps me out with the land. We were really lucky to find her. Sanaa comes back with the case and the pushchair. Samuel gets between Julieta and Sanaa.
1) 188) dialog: Let’s get in the car, it’s right here. INSIDE THE CAR. SECONDARY ROAD IN ANDALUSIA. DUSK. 1988. SPRING. Samuel is driving, Sanaa is beside him. Julieta and Antia, who is asleep, are in the back seat. The evening light filters through the windows, creating a golden atmosphere in the interior.
1) 190) dialog: I don’t have time, what with your mother and the land, the days fly by.
1) 192) dialog: It’s better for us like this. Your mother and I always dreamed of living in the country. Julieta looks at Sanaa.
1) 195) dialog: (Explaining) She speaks it beautifully, it’s just that she’s a bit shy. We met her eight years ago, at the Festival of Ancient Music in Fez. She and your mother became good friends and we kept in touch with her. It’s lucky that she’s living with us now. 68 AND 69. HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. EXT. AND INT. DUSK. 1988. SPRING. A house in the country, simpler and smaller than the traditional Andalusian cortijo. The house has an annex for storing tools and farming implements. There may also be a little hen house. It’s a _ self-sufficient place. From the house we can see the greenhouse, a structure whose roof is covered by a plastic grid. Next to the house there is a small piece of land with trellises and seedbeds. The entrance to the house is protected by a vine that filters the sunlight. The place has an impressionist beauty. Julieta, Antia (being carried), Sanaa (with the pushchair) and Samuel, with Julieta’s case, come into the plot and walk towards the porch.
1) 196) dialog: The house has no luxuries but we’ve gained in quality of life. Julieta is carrying Antia. The little girl is tired but for the moment she doesn’t protest and looks all around, interested.
1) 198) dialog: That window that looks out on the vine. They go into the house. Inside there is a cool, welcoming darkness.
1) 199) dialog: I’1l show you the house later.
1) 201) dialog: Maybe you’ll be lucky and she’s awake. They walk along a hall, all the walls are whitewashed. 70. HOUSE IN COUNTRY. HALL, DOOR AND SARA’S ROOM. INT. DUSK. 1988. SPRING. They go up to the door. Samuel takes out a key and unlocks the bedroom door. He conceals his actions with his body but he knows that Julieta can hear the unmistakable sound of the lock turning. Samuel goes inside, Julieta remains in the hall with the child in her arms. From there she hears her father murmuring:
1) 202) dialog: Sara, Julieta is here. As if it were the first time she’s heard that name.
1) 204) dialog: Yes, Julieta, our daughter. Sara repeats the last thing Samuel says in a neutral tone.
1) 208) dialog: I’ve prepared the room across the hall for you. That way you’re closer.
1) 210) dialog: I’ll tell Sanda to change the sheets on the little bed. That’s where she sleeps. HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. SARA’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 1988. SPRING. Julieta is sleeping in the bed with her mother. They are lying facing each other with their eyes closed. The folding bed has been placed on Julieta’s side. The three generations are sleeping very close to each other in parallel beds. Sara opens her eyes, wakes and discovers Julieta in front of her, inches away. She isn’t scared or startled. She touches her face. The encounter in the same bed is a pleasant surprise. She murmurs:
1) 223) dialog: Come here, Antia, I’ll give you some delicious strawberries!
1) 225) dialog: You look beautiful, Sara. 75. Sanaa looks at them, a little uncomfortable. She feels like an intruder. HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. KITCHEN. INT. 1988. SPRING. Sanaa, her back turned, is heating some glass jars with preserves in the bain marie. Julieta, in profile, is preparing the little girl’s supper. Samuel, with his back to the women and facing the camera, is sitting at a round table peeling some tomatoes.
1) 227) dialog: Great.
1) 229) dialog: (To Sanaa) Sanaa, see to Sara and Antia. Sanda cleans her hands before she leaves.
1) 232) dialog: One of us always stays with her.
1) 234) dialog: I don’t like locking her in, Julieta. I do it to protect her.
1) 236) dialog: (On the defensive) Julieta, we are as well as we can be. Do you know what it would cost to put your mother in a home?
1) 238) dialog: Sanda looks after her.
1) 240) dialog: (Warning her) Don’t go there, Julieta.
1) 242) dialog: You have your life, unfortunately very far from here. I’ve tried to bother you as little as possible, but we’ve had a lot of problems, and believe me if I tell you that now we’re better than ever. Julieta looks at him with mixed feelings.
1) 243) dialog: Be more understanding and more generous with me. 76. RETURN TO REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. DAY. 1988. SPRING. 77.
1) 455) dialog: Hello, Julieta. Did you see the photo I sent you?
1) 457) dialog: You see how handsome your brother is! The child takes a break from his Lego building to look at his father.
1) 459) dialog: When are you going to come and meet him?
1) 461) dialog: Stop punishing me, Julieta. Have I no right to be happy after your mother’s death?
1) 463) dialog: Remember that you’re still my daughter, and Antia is my granddaughter. The last time I saw her she was still a child. Give her lots of kisses when you see her.