1) 203) dialog: Julieta?
1) 205) dialog: Our daughter. Julieta is listening to the brief conversation (petrified) in the hall. When she comes into the bedroom, with the child in her arms, she erases all worry from her face, she pretends that she’s heard nothing. 71.
1) 211) dialog: 
1) 215) dialog: What are you doing here?
1) 217) dialog: Who?
1) 220) dialog: She’s beautiful!
1) 222) dialog: Two years! She says it with the amazement of someone who is unaware of the measurement of time. HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. SARA’S ROOM. ANOTHER DAY. 1988. SPRING. Julieta is looking out the window. HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. EXT. DAY. 1988. SPRING. 74. She sees Samuel and Sanda working on the plot of land next to the house. They seem to complement each other, they look at ease and happy. Samuel says something and Sanda laughs. The man can’t contain himself and he gives her a quick passionate kiss. Sanda pushes him away gently and scolds him without losing her smile. They don’t suspect that Julieta is looking at them. HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. EXT. DAY. CONT. 1988. SPRING. The vine is projecting patches of light on the white facade of the house. To complete the impressionist scene Julieta, Antia and Sara, the latter a little hesitant, appear at the door. Julieta wants her mother to get fresh air and some sun filtered by the vine. Julieta has put Sara in a dress from the ‘70s which looks impeccable on her. She is also wearing sunglasses from that time (twelve years earlier, when Sara was a coquettish woman and dressed as such). Julieta has put some make-up on her and styled her hair a little. Sara looks wonderful. The three generations sit at a table, under the vine. Samuel and Sanda are still working the land. When Samuel realizes that Julieta has brought Sara outside he turns to them. Everything in the scene is beautiful and breathes life: the countryside, the house, the sun, little Antia, Samuel’s arousal and sweat, the beauty and youth of Julieta and Sanaa. Even Sara, in her vegetative way, is radiant in her distance. Samuel had forgotten how pretty his wife was. Sanda looks at the family group as if she’s been caught out. Samuel breaks the impasse, speaking to the child.