1) 15) dialog: I hope he doesn’t get too close to the train. He’s talking about the stag.
1) 17) dialog: (Holding out his hand) I’m Xoan. Julieta takes his hand.
1) 19) dialog: Would you like to have a drink?
1) 27) dialog: Do you feel like stretching your legs a bit? Julieta would love to accompany him, but she left her coat on her seat, across from the sad man and she doesn’t feel like going back there for it.
1) 29) dialog: See you later. And he leaves the carriage. Julieta watches him disappear. A blast of cold air sneaks through the door when Xoan opens it. Julieta would like to get her coat but she doesn’t want to meet the man with the pitted skin again. Consciously or not, she stays in the dining car waiting for Xoan to come back. She tries to concentrate on her book while she drinks her tea. The title of the book, “Greek Tragedy” by Albin Lesky, appears at the bottom of the frame, as if giving the name to what is very shortly going to happen. Cut. 28. 29. 30. STATION. EXTERIOR TRAIN. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. The train slowly sets off again. TRAIN. ENGINE DRIVER’S CAB. INT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. We see the same action from inside the cab of the train. The driver starts the engine. TRAIN. DINING CAR. INT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. Julieta, sitting at the same table, is still reading. In the background there are two more people. We see through the dining car windows that the train has started to move. Julieta looks over at the carriage door, waiting for Xoan to appear. BACK TO 29. TRAIN. ENGINE DRIVER’S CAB. INT. NIGHT. 31. 32. 33. 1985. WINTER. The engine driver sees something unexpected on the tracks and rapidly hits the red brake button. He looks shaken. TRAIN. EXT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. SIMULTANEOUSLY. We see in close-up the train wheels suddenly braking, screeching and sending up sparks. TRAIN. SLEEPING CAR 2. INT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. SIMULTANEOUSLY. Inside the compartment next to Julieta’s, two bags fall on top of the two women sitting in there. One woman is hit on the head. TRAIN. DINING CAR. INT. 1985. WINTER. SIMULTANEOUSLY. 34. 35. In the dining car, the inertia of braking causes Julieta to fall across the table. The cup of tea slides along the surface and falls to the floor. The braking catches the waiter unawares with his tray in one hand as he’s serving some customers. With his legs widespread, he tries to keep his balance, but the cups and glasses fall to floor and break. The bottles and glasses in the bar accompany the general commotion, jumping around on their shelves. TRAIN. DINING CAR. INT./EXT. 1985. WINTER. The train finally stops brusquely. Julieta leaves the dining car and heads for her coach and compartment. TRAIN. CORRIDOR. INT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. The two women from the compartment next to hers come out into the corridor, complaining.
1) 49) dialog: What?
1) 51) dialog: No! Why do you say that?
1) 53) dialog: (Pleading) Come on, get on the train! Julieta can see in Xoan’s eyes that she’s right. The cortege is transporting a dead man. Juliet’s eyes shine damply in the dark.
1) 55) dialog: (Fatherly) Get on the train, please! Xoan puts his arms round her, to protect her from the cold, and puts her on the train. Julieta takes a last look at the funeral cortege which is now arriving at the station building. Cut. 40. TRAIN. JULIETA’S COMPARTMENT. INT. OF MOVING TRAIN. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. During the ellipsis between the two sequences, Julieta has been crying. Sitting where she had been seated earlier, she is blowing her nose and drying her eyes. Xoan is sitting across from her, in the dead man’s seat.
1) 58) dialog: (Serious) Any girl would have done the same...
1) 60) dialog: (Tenderly) Don’t torture yourself. He would still have killed himself.
1) 62) dialog: I don’t know. (Explaining) He didn’t want to attract attention. He had it all planned before he got on the train. No one kills 41. himself because a pretty girl doesn’t want to talk to him. Julieta is still upset, but Xoan’s presence is more powerful than the idea of death. They exchange knowing looks, not without desire. Cut. TRAIN. JULIETA’S COMPARTMENT. INT. OF MOVING TRAIN. NIGHT. 42. 1985. WINTER. The scant light in the compartment is coming through the window. Xoan and Julieta are lying in their parallel seat-beds and facing head to toe. They are alone. Julieta has her back to Xoan, she is awake and tense. Xoan is lying facing her. His eyes run along her legs, her ass and her waist. They are barely inches from each other. To get into that position: the bottom of the seat slides forward and the back reclines, legs rest on the opposite seat. The result is a kind of articulated bed in three parts. In this way, the six seats end up becoming three beds. Xoan is lying on the first bed (next to the window) and Julieta on the second (that is, the one in the middle). There are some eight inches between both beds. The bodies are clothed and they don’t even graze each other but they feel their closeness multiplied. Xoan changes his position, he lies totally parallel to Julieta. That is, with his head lined up with hers. He lays his head on the armrest. Julieta is breathing unsteadily. Xoan strokes her waist. Julieta turns, she no longer has her back to him.
1) 64) dialog: Neither can I. And they kiss with intense pleasure. Cut. MOVING TRAIN. JULIETA’S COMPARTMENT. INT. NIGHT. 1985. WINTER. A shot of the window, we only see the edges. The night landscape is racing past, in the opposite direction, through areas that are dark greys and greens, not snow covered. The only light coming into the compartment is from the window. The glass reflects the couple, inside the compartment making love voraciously. It seems that the fleeting countryside is reflected on the lovers’ skin. The vegetation closes to the train increases the feeling of flight. Two young bodies, half dressed, escaping from the idea of death. Cut. 43. MADRID. HOUSE 3. ANOTHER STREET. EXT. 2016. SPRING. In the present, Julieta, aged 56, is walking through the streets of Madrid, through the places that remind her of her daughter. She walks slowly. She isn’t going anywhere in particular. She looks at everyone she passes, with close, friendly attention. Lorenzo is watching her without being seen. Julieta wants to make herself visible, and Lorenzo, invisible. (She is seen from a distance, at times hidden by cars, or passers-by) Cut. 44 AND 44A. MADRID. INT. AND EXT. “ESTUDIO” SCHOOL. ARAVACA. 1985. SPRING. INSIDE A CLASSROOM IN THE SCHOOL. It is year 85 of the last century. Julieta is dressed like a modern girl of that time, hair dyed platinum blonde in a spiky style, short leather skirt and a blouse. She is probably the most seductive teacher in the school. The classroom is full of adolescents. Julieta finishes writing three words in Greek on the blackboard: Thalassa, Hals and Pontos.
1) 91) dialog: Dear Julieta, I don’t know if you’ re still working at the school. I hope so because it’s the only address I’ve got for you... TRAIN. SPRING LANDSCAPE. INT. AND EXT. CONT. 1985. SPRING. Inside the compartment, Julieta is looking out the window at the spring landscape. We hear the contents of the letter which Julieta is holding in her hands as if it were a ticket or a passport.
1) 92) dialog: I think of you so much. I can’t get that night on the train out of my head. Julieta’s breathing is unsteady from excitement. She puts her hand to her stomach.
1) 93) dialog: 
1) 96) dialog: I’d like to see you appearing through the rain, looking for a place to shelter, and that that place were my home. Julieta is in a local taxi. She has very little luggage, a medium-sized bag. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. DAY. CONT. 1985. SPRING. When we finish hearing Xoan’s voiceover, the taxi drops her in front of a two-storied house whose facade is mainly a smoky grey color. The house has a modernist influence. The door is arch shaped, of shotcrete. Before reaching the front door, there is an area with terracotta colored tiles, demarcated by a concrete fence that has a border on its upper part. A white fence. The sea can be seen behind the house. It is a very different construction from the other houses along the street. Really they are all different from each other. Even though it isn’t raining, Julieta incorporates the fisherman’s epistolary desire. There she is, in front of his house, opening the gate. There’s a reddish-brown dog at the gate, jumping around and barking. He goes straight up to Julieta when she approaches the front door. He’s a sturdy pup who could easily knock her to the ground, but he just wants to play. She rings the bell. A woman comes out of the house. She shouts at the animal.
1) 128) dialog: (Murmuring) Don’t wake up... Julieta is in a rush to explain.
1) 130) dialog: Shhh. Xoan suggests sweetly that she shouldn’t speak. He lays her on the bed. The two start to undress quickly, as if they only had a few minutes. Julieta does everything lying on the bed. She unbuttons her blouse. Xoan helps her to pull it over her head. He devours her mouth.
1) 132) dialog: Don’t think about that now. Xoan, sitting on the edge of the bed, continues to undress. Julieta, her torso naked, embraces him from behind. She runs her mouth across his back, from shoulder to shoulder, interrupting the kisses to bite him and smell him. She looks for the scent of another woman, the scent of the unknown Ava. But she doesn’t find it. Xoan only smells of the sea. Cut. 54.
1) 136) dialog: They’ re typical of here.
1) 138) dialog: Me too. Is there anything for me? He embraces her from behind. They play at kissing and eating cakes at the same time. Everything shows that the previous night was a memorable night for both of them. Cut. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. DAY. CONT. 1985. SPRING. They are having breakfast in the kitchen. Facing each other across the kitchen table. They are both half- dressed. Julieta, relaxed, is continuing with the apologies that she couldn’t finish the night before.
1) 140) dialog: (Smiling) That was my intention.
1) 142) dialog: (Serious) It was for the best. That wasn’t living. Julieta nods, but Xoan wants to change the subject.
1) 143) dialog: Marian rang to tell me she’d left you here, waiting for the bus, but she wasn’t sure you’d leave.
1) 146) dialog: Ava is an old friend. You’ll meet her. She’s an artist, like you.
1) 148) dialog: Well, I’m sure you’ll like her. You’ 11 meet her. Julieta looks at him as if she has just made a decision. She stands up and leaves some plates on the worktop.
1) 150) dialog: Fishing. It’s a lovely day. We should go fishing! 56. 57. Julieta smiles and thinks, standing by the worktop, uncertain about what she’1ll do next. Xoan seems to be amused by her doubts. He remains sitting at the table. We hear the dog barking at the door as it greets Marian. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. INT. DAY 1985. SPRING. Marian comes into the house. She’s laden with shopping. She arrives in the kitchen and gives Julieta a disapproving look. The worst has happened. Not only did Julieta stay in the house but she slept with Xoan. The fisherman, relaxed and happy, introduces them.
1) 151) dialog: Marian, Julieta, I think you've met already. The two women nod.
1) 155) dialog: (To Marian) We’re going fishing... MUXIA LIGHTHOUSE. EXT. DAY. 1985. SPRING. A long shot of the lighthouse and the rocks which surround it and fill the beach. In the distance, the Vilan lighthouse. 58. 59. 60. The waves break against the rocks which are sculpted by the wind and sea. Terracotta-colored granite rocks that, over the centuries, have acquired strange shapes, pointed or flat as stone flying saucers. Some rocks have incisions on their surface, fractures, but the pieces still cling together. Rocks with gashes and scars. It’s a telluric, original landscape, tense, disturbing, very expressive. In the distance, we see one of Xoan’s gamelas on the sea. THE SEA. DAY. A CLOSE-UP OF THE GAMELA IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SEA. 1985. SPRING. Xoan and Julieta are entangled in some love play, with the sea as the only witness. To the rhythmic sound of the waves slapping against the wood of the boat, we hear Julieta’s voice. The voiceover continues to be heard over the next sequence.
1) 246) dialog: I thought you weren’t coming back! (Affectionate) How are you?
1) 248) dialog: How was your mother?
1) 251) dialog: And does your mother realize?
1) 254) dialog: Yes. Be careful, it’s still tender. Julieta presses her lips on the tattooed heart. And then she kisses him. 78. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2™ FLOOR. HOUSE 3. 2016. SPRING. Julieta, at 56, is staring at the notebook for Antia. 79. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. XOAN-JULIETA’S ROOM. INT. NIGHT. CONT. 1988 .SPRING. Little Antia is sleeping in her cot. A close-up of the child dissolves to the peaceful waves on the sea. 80. SEA. EXT. DAY. 1994. SUMMER. 81. The sea is reflecting the white, blue and red of Xoan’s gamela. Inside the little boat Antia (8 years old) is helping her father pull the creels out of the water. She’s wearing a yellow oilskin and is having a wonderful time fishing. Over these images we hear Julieta’s voiceover:
1) 263) dialog: (Tenderly) What’s wrong with my little girl?
1) 265) dialog: I promise that when you come back I’ll take you on as a deckhand,
1) 269) dialog: Have fun. Julieta and Antia disappear along the hall. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. ENTRANCE HALL. INT. DAY. 1998. SUMMER. Marian is going grey, she’s fatter, but she is still full of the same energy. She is vacuuming the dust in the entrance hall with a noisy vacuum cleaner. When she sees Antia and Julieta coming through the door she turns off the vacuum and greets the child with open arms. Antia huddles in her arms. Julieta is carrying a little suitcase and she looks impatiently at the scene.
1) 303) dialog: Has Marian left?
1) 305) dialog: Why do you say that?
1) 308) dialog: I’ve known Ava since I was fifteen. We were never together but we screwed from time to time. Julieta looks at him in silence. She picks up the books she was looking for in the last sequence with Marian. Then she goes to the kitchen. Xoan follows her like a guide dog.
1) 309) dialog: I often thought about telling you, but I didn’t know how. Julieta looks at him again. She takes a purse from a chair.
1) 310) dialog: I’m not much of a talker, you’ll have realized that. But Antia and you are the most important things in my life, you know that, don’t you? Julieta goes into the hall, turns her back on him, takes a light jacket and puts it on. She hangs the purse over her shoulder.
1) 311) dialog: Aren’t you going to say anything?
1) 313) dialog: What are you going to do?
1) 315) dialog: (Bewildered) I.. I think I’1l go fishing. 90. 91. 92. 93. He had decided to stay at home, but after talking to Julieta he prefers to go out fishing. Before going to the door, Julieta turns to him. Xoan is looking at her concerned. Now that the subject has blown up he’d like to talk it out and he’d like her to do the same, to insult him, if she wants, anything but that toxic silence. But Julieta can’t bear Xoan’s’ pleading expression. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. 1998. SUMMER. Julieta comes out of the house. It’s a heavy, changeable day, with clouds and sun. We can see Xoan’s gamela in the distance, rocking on a slightly choppy sea. A lovely day. REDES. THAT SAME DAY, IN THE AFTERNOON. 1998. SUMMER. Mid-afternoon the weather changes. It starts to rain heavily. The storm breaks. (Detail with images of the atmospheric process, what happens in the sky and on the sea.) The sky darkens, the sea gets rough. Lightning, thunder, etc. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. THAT SAME DAY. LATER. 1998. SUMMER. Julieta arrives home in a taxi. It’s pouring rain and the wind is blowing hard. It’s dusk. Xoan’s gamela can’t be seen, the roaring of the sea is deafening. (Images of the rough sea at the Muxia lighthouse. Enormous waves crash onto the beach of broken stones) REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. INT. EARLY EVENING. CONT. 1998. SUMMER. Julieta comes into the house, soaked. Once she has showered, dried herself and changed her clothes, she is filled by a feeling of extreme loneliness. 94. 95. 96. She walks past the door of Antia’s room. She looks inside, she sees her daughter’s bed, the posters on the walls. She misses her dreadfully. Finally she looks at the unfinished creel that Xoan was making and that he left on Antia’s desk. Julieta comes into the kitchen in a housecoat. Through the windows she sees the sea, still very rough, but less so than when we saw it at Muxia Beach. To fill the time she starts to prepare dinner, very meticulously dinner for two. She pours herself a glass of vinho verde to cheer herself up. She wants Xoan to come back. She regrets not having let him talk. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. A LITTLE LATER/NIGHT. 1998. SUMMER. Dinner is sitting on the hot plates. Julieta has another glass of wine and lights a cigarette. She has the radio tuned to the local station, they’re talking about the storm that has suddenly hit the area. “,.a sudden change in the direction and force of winds in the area of the Ferrol estuary. This change is causing heavy seas with waves from 20 to 25 feet... all fishing and sailing activity should be suspended in this area...” Naturally she thinks about Xoan and is worried. Did he go out fishing as she thought she heard him say before she left the house? Is he with Ava? The best way to find out would be to call her, but for the moment she rejects the idea. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. SITTING ROOM. NIGHT. REDES. AVA’S STUDIO. 1998. SUMMER. Julieta is waiting in the sitting room, in front of the television. The evening news is talking about a probe that Japan has sent to Mars. It’s 11:00 p.m., Xoan still hasn’t returned and Julieta is desperate. She thinks he’s with Ava, but she needs to be sure. After many doubts, she dials Ava’s number. The artist is in her studio, busy on one of her sculptures. The phone rings. She answers. 97. 98. 99.