4) 91) dialog: He's not alone. The fat guy’s still with him. They're just talking...
6) 14) dialog: I represent a top-secret division of the Government, designing and testing experimental technology and-- we have need of your unique abilities.
6) 16) dialog: ~--it threatens to cause incalculable damage to itself and to our facilities, jeopardizing hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of equipment and research. Only someone with-- HELEN’S VOICE MIRAGE (CONT’D) Is someone in there? --your unique abilities can contain the robot without completely destroying it.
6) 17) dialog: The T.V.! I’m trying to Because of its highly watch--! sensitive nature-- HELEN’S VOICE MIRAGE (CONT'D) Well, stop trying, it’s ~-this mission does not, time for dinner! nor will it ever, exist.
6) 21) dialog: ONE MINUTE! If you accept, your payment will be equivalent to your current annual salary. Bob’s jaw goes slack. He scribbles “BIG $”.
6) 22) dialog: Call the number on the screen. Voice matching will be used to insure security. The Supers aren't gone, Mr. incredible. You’re still here. You can still do great things. Or... you can listen to Police Scanners. Your choice. You have 24 hours to respond. Think about it. Bob finishes scribbling. His mind is reeling. HEROIC MUSIC begins to stir. A new light comes into Bob’s eyes as they turn to the--
6) 44) dialog: The OMNIDROID 9000 is a top-secret, prototype battle robot. Its artificial intelligence enables it to solve any problem it’s confronted with. And... unfortunately--
6) 46) dialog: (nodding) --we lost control. And now it’s loose in the jungle, threatening our facility. We've had to evacuate all personnel from the island for their own safety. They’re waiting offshore for the all clear.
6) 48) dialog: The Omnidroid’s defenses have necessitated an air drop from 5000 feet. Its cloaking device makes it difficult to track... although we're pretty sure it’s on the southern half of the island. One more thing; obviously it represents a significant investment--
6) 50) dialog: (smiles) You are Mr. Incredible.
6) 54) dialog: (through speaker) Remember: it's a learning robot. Every moment you spend fighting it only increases its knowledge of how to beat you.
6) 56) dialog: {through speaker) And don‘t die. Bob shoots Mirage a wan smile.
9) 0) text: Bob opens the door, peeks inside. The hall is massive, with an open terrace that overlooks the tropical forest. In the center of the room is an enormous dining table, placed parallel to a fall of hot LAVA. Bob checks his watch; realizes he’s early. A sudden RUMBLE makes him look up. The LAVA FALL PARTS, revealing a SECRET PASSAGEWAY. MIRAGE emerges. Bob instinctively pulls back, leaving the door opened just enough to watch. A SILHOUETTED FIGURE follows after Mirage, gesturing animatedly. They pause at the entrance to the passageway, their talk too distant to be heard. (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: Mirage, suspicious, pushes open the dining hall DOORS. Climbing out of the transpod, Bob notices her and smiles.
10) 2) dialog: Actually, you leok rather dashing.
11) 0) text: Bob and Mirage are seated at an enormous table that runs parallel to an equally large LAVA FALL.
11) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. He’s not able to dine with us tonight. He hopes you'll understand.
11) 4) dialog: He prefers a certain amount of anonymity. Surely you of all people understand that.
11) 6) dialog: --with a volcano? He’s attracted to power. So am I. It’s a weakness we share.
11) 8) dialog: I prefer to think of it as misunderstood.
11) 12) dialog: Volcanic soil is among the most fertile on earth. Everything at the table was grown right here. How does it compare?
14) 0) text: Helen plucks one of Bob’s enormous shirts from a stack of freshly cleaned laundry and hangs it up in their closet, when something catches her eye: A long, PLATINUM-BLONDE HAIR (Mirage’s) on Bob’s suit jacket. Helen plucks it off, examining it. The phone RINGS. She goes to answer it, hesitating when she hears--
15) 1) dialog: We have a new assignment for you.
20) 0) text: Bob turns as a door opens, REVEALING a small side chamber and a pair of shapely LEGS. MIRAGE leans into view.
20) 1) dialog: Welcome back, Mr. Incredible. Nice suit. You've lost weight.
22) 1) dialog: You will be briefed about your next assignment in conference room at two. Room A113.
22) 3) dialog: See you there. Mirage leaves. Bob enters, throwing his case on the bed. He grabs a pear from a bowl of fresh fruit and takes a bite. He steps out on his balcony and leans against the railing. He could get used to paradise.
28) 0) text: Bob pulls up behind some trees. There are several GUARDS; two at the vehicle entrance, another at the balcony above. Bob thinks a bit, looks down and finds a COCONUT, With expert precision, he throws it at the balcony guard, BEANING HIM. He falls off the balcony and hits the ground. The other guards rush to help him, leaving their post. Bob runs up to the vehicle entrance-- it’s locked tight. Bob sees shadows of guards approaching, he’s out in the open and about to be caught when-- ~-the door suddenly sweeps up and open, taking Bob with it. An AMBULANCE moves out of the open bay, and as the door moves closed behind it we see Bob drop into the garage. Elevator. Bob emerges in the DINING HALL and stares at the LAVA FALL. He knows there is a secret passage behind it. Picks up large stone sculpture. Readies to run into lava. One... two... thr-- Bob is startled by a flash of light behind the fall; the passage is opening. He loses his balance, struggling to set the massive sculpture back into place before Mirage enters. Bob rushes into the closing passage. Jumps clear just as passage CLOSES. (CONTINUED )
28) 16) text: The expanding goo-balis fill up the P.O.V.... but not before Bob makes out the recognizable figure approaching him: MIRAGE.
29) 48) dialog: No-~
29) 90) dialog: He's not weak, you know. Mirage is seated at one of the many consoles, taking notes, her back to him. Syndrome snaps out of his dream and turns to Mirage, the only other person in the room.
29) 92) dialog: Valuing life is not weakness. Syndrome crosses to her, casually dismissive.
29) 94) dialog: And disregarding it... is not strength. Syndrome sidies up behind her, lifts her chin with a gentle hand and draws her face toward his.
29) 96) dialog: Next time you gamble, bet your own life. She EXITS, leaving Syndrome befuddled and alone.
33) 0) text: Bob hangs, defeated, in the suspension beams. The cell door slides OPEN. A FIGURE is silhouetted there-- MIRAGE. She switches off the suspension ray. Bob drops to the floor. Bob just sits there on his knees, his eyes cast downward. Mirage crosses to him, kneels down...
33) 1) dialog: There isn’t much time-~ Bob’s hand flashes out and CLAMPS around her throat. He RISES, holding her dangling body aloft with one hand.
33) 3) dialog: (gasping) «.-pl--ease...
33) 5) dialog: (struggling to speak) F-~amily... survived the crash... they’re here-- on the island...
33) 11) dialog: Hello! You must be Mrs. Incr-~ Helen's fist flies across the room and CRACKS across Mirage’s jaw. Mirage spins and crashes to the ground. Bob seizes Helen's stretched wrist--
33) 18) dialog: They might’ve triggered the alert. Security's been sent into the jungle. You'd better get going.