2) 1) text: | +»Dick, Jane, their little baby (in an outdoor playpen) and Spot laughing merrily in front of a brand new house. | '.. Dick is rolling a ball and Spot is stumbling after baby Billy laughs happily. |
7) 0) text: Fairly new, fairly large, Mediterranean style house. Pandemonium in garden, however, Excavator excavating, concrete being mixed, tiles being moved, plants being emb +.+.1l year old BILLY Harper, other kids, playing footbal through the confusion and racket...and overseeing all thi (CONTINUED)
8) 20) dialog: Hey, Dad, what did you do to your car?
10) 0) text: As a taxi driver takes Esperanza's suitcase, she walks to where Billy is trying to flip a basketball into net overh doors, Baffled, he allows himself to be hugged and kissed departing maid. :
11) 1) text: As Billy spills into the room, Dick, still holding ‘dead! parodies the day,'s defeats for his son, DICK (into 'dead' phone) Hello, Harry, Long time no see, How goes the battle? Yeah, sure. Tell me, anything available at Lockheed? Yeah, pink slips. The girls in the secretarial pool. Ho, ho, ho. Billy looks on uncertainly as Dick hangs up phone.
11) 2) dialog: Things are that tough, Dad?
12) 0) text: PANNING over Billy, Jane, Dick, eating Hamburger Helper l not a word being said. Only sounds we hear that of cutler plates. Finally. JANE (obviously trying to cheer him up) Maybe your Third House is still empty.
20) 0) text: Even as Billy watches Hawaii Five-O or whatever, on TV, s the picture shrinks to the size of a postage stamp and go
20) 2) dialog: You're just in time, Daddy. I think we blew a fuse.
20) 5) dialog: What's wrong, then?
22) 2) text: PANNING with an exuberant Jane as, muttering "excuse me", works her way toward Dick in stands. BILLY’ PLAYING
22) 19) text: Sipping martinis at a table, two or three of the ladies s with when she went to pick up Billy at the tennis school. Obviously, they are surprised to see her.
45) 0) text: Billy, in pajamas, watching TV with 60ish baby-sitter. Di waits, as Jane crosses room to kiss him goodnight.