16) 2) dialog: C’mon Mindy, honey. Be a big girl now. Nothin’ to be afraid of. We pull back to take in Damon’s full towering height. In hand is A GUN. He loads the magazine.
16) 4) dialog: Only for a second, sugar. (off her pout) Handgun bullet goes more than 700 miles an hour, so at close range like this, the force is gonna take you right off your feet, for sure. But it’s really no more painful than a punch in the chest. Okay?
16) 6) dialog: You'll be fine, baby doll. Before she can protest, he releases the slide, takes the safety off, aims the gun at her and fires off a round. The bullet hits her square in the chest. She flies throug the air, landing on her back a couple of feet away.
16) 7) dialog: Not so bad, huh? She sits up stiffly and shrugs at him. Then she unzips he jacket to study the KEVLAR VEST underneath. She pokes her finger into the little dent left by the bullet.
16) 8) dialog: Now you know how it feels, you won't be scared when some junkie asshole pulls a glock.
16) 10) dialog: That's my girl! ‘kay. Up you get. Couple more rounds, then home.
16) 12) dialog: Uh-huh.
16) 14) dialog: Hmm. Okay. Two rounds, no wincing, no whining and you got yourself a deal, young lady. She gets up and faces him, arms outstretched, grinning.
16) 16) dialog: Good call, baby! He takes aim and - BAM! - cracks off another round. INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. DAY. 26 Dave, wearing his costume, slips jeans and a long-sleeved over the top. He grabs his school bag and leaves.
17) 0) text: Mrs Zane is at the whiteboard but Dave isn’t watching. He writes in his book, fingering the collar of his costume u his shirt, a sly smile playing on his lips. In Dave’s notebook are several heroic DOODLES of himself costume, and some names: Night Walker, Bad Night, Bad Ass He writes down: Kick Ass. Then a bunch of question marks. INT. BEN AND JERRY’S. DAY. 28 Mindy is here with Damon, scoffing a large core sundae. F sauce drips onto her padded jacket. She looks down to wip off and notices five bullet holes.
17) 2) dialog: I know, honey. Good job! Hey, you had any more thoughts on what you want for your birthday? 29 30 31 17.
17) 4) dialog: (surprised) A... puppy? Like, a dog?
23) 3) dialog: You like?
23) 6) dialog: And here’s your proper present. Happy birthday, baby. Mindy tears it open and squeals: It’s the exact BUTTERFLY KNIFE she asked for. She flings her arms around Damon’s n
23) 10) dialog: Okay, pop quiz. What’s the proper name for one of those?
23) 12) dialog: Mmmm. ‘kay... The AR15 was a lighter, smaller calibre version of what design? She nicks her hand again. Wipes it, unperturbed. Continue
23) 14) dialog: When did Samuel Colt get his US patent?
23) 16) dialog: John Woo’s first full-length feature. Mindy’s knife flipping is getting ridiculously good now. times, the knife is just a silver streak in her little ha 40 4l 42 22.
38) 9) dialog: Yep. And I have something for you. He produces: a UTILITY BELT, bristling with LETHAL ITEMS.
38) 11) dialog: Made it just for you, babydoll. Try it on? She does. It’s a perfect fit. Mindy inspects it eagerly.
38) 13) dialog: It’s for... If all else fails. But only then.
52) 6) dialog: Good at getting his ass kicked. He shoulda called himself asskick instead.
59) 11) dialog: Good move. Let’s keep it that way. Dave nods like crazy. Petrified. Mindy holds out a handfu unfamiliar-looking SMALL PLASTIC BITS. Dave peers at them
59) 14) dialog: Let’s call it insurance. Makes it easier for me to take your word. See, we like you. But we don’t trust you.
59) 16) dialog: I recommend it. (a beat) Listen, I re-routed your IP address for you. Finding you was way too easy.
59) 19) dialog: Your call. But, y’know, we’re around if you need us.
59) 21) dialog: We don’t do nice. But put it this way, there’s a whole lot of people in this town we'd rather see accessorizing with a toe tag.
59) 24) dialog: You need us, put on your site that you're on vacation. We’ll find you. Dave nods, confused. Damon salutes, takes Mindy by the ha and climbs out of the window. Mindy follows, blowing a ki
62) 0) text: Damon and Mindy, in Big Daddy and Hit Girl costume, are upside down. It soon becomes apparent that this is the PO DIMITRI, 30. He’s strapped into a seat in an upside down
62) 1) dialog: Thank you, Dimitri. We appreciate your cooperation.
63) 7) dialog: How did you find me?
63) 9) dialog: So go ahead, Marcus. Arrest me. Marcus gestures at the comic and the wall of portraits.
63) 11) dialog: You say brainwashed. I say made it into a game.
63) 13) dialog: I sent her onto the roof when I saw someone had busted the lock.
63) 15) dialog: I appreciate your concern. But you need to go now. Marcus looks down to see: Damon has a gun levelled at him Marcus shakes his head sadly.
63) 17) dialog: Kickass?
63) 19) dialog: Hardly know the guy.
63) 21) dialog: You got proof?
63) 23) dialog: You know I’m not gonna stop. Not ‘til D’Amico and his whole damn operation are toast.
63) 25) dialog: Damon's gone, Marcus. Damon died when she died. I’m Big Daddy now.
63) 27) dialog: No, I‘’ll tell you who owes her a childhood: Frank D’Amico. Now get the hell out of here. 97 INT. D’AMICO’S LIMO. DAY. 97 Frank, fuming over his situation, sits tensely in the bac seat beside the Huge Goon. Suddenly, he spots something.
77) 2) dialog: I thought they were looking for Kickass?
77) 4) dialog: ..-I killed all the cameras.
77) 6) dialog: Appreciate it. He hangs up and walks over to the wall with the pyramid o gangster pictures. Now all but the three topmost pictures have red Xs drawn through them. Damon reaches to the top Frank's picture and rips it from the wall.
77) 7) dialog: Mindy? Ditch the comic. It’s time for Frank D’Amico to go bye-bye.
77) 9) dialog: You bet. Tool up, honey bunny. Damon tosses the picture towards her. Mindy leaps up to reveal that she is wearing her utility belt.
77) 12) dialog: No, babydoll. He’s spooked right now. But it’s only been three days. He can’t stay in there forever.
77) 14) dialog: I don’t know, hon. But I do know that if we go in there, we might never come out again. It'd be a gamble, Mindy baby. 129 76. Mindy thinks a while.
77) 16) dialog: I’m so proud of you.
78) 58) dialog: Ain’t no man in the whole of Manhattan with bigger cojones than you, Mindy baby. You know that? But Mindy is engrossed in something on the computer.
78) 60) dialog: Can you think of anything else you'd rather spend it on? Mindy giggles. Damon looks at her laptop screen in awe.
78) 61) dialog: Damn, that’s cool!
83) 10) dialog: (laughing) Just checking it one more time. You gotta admit, it’s pretty cool. From the laptop, an ELECTRONIC ALERT sounds. Damon looks
83) 11) dialog: Kickass?
83) 13) dialog: Tell him to go to safehouse B. We’ll meet him there.
86) 0) text: The door swings open and Dave and Chris step in to be gre by Damon, in his Big Daddy costume.
86) 1) dialog: Well, here you are. And Red Mist, too. Pleasure to meet you. (extending his hand) Big Daddy. Chris and Damon shake hands, and the boys follow Damon in the main room, where Mindy sits on the sill of the open window, looking out. She turns back, a little concerned.
86) 3) dialog: Manners, honey. Obediently, Mindy hops off the window sill.
87) 0) text: The goons bundle Damon and Dave into the back of a VAN. Nearby, Scary Goon pushes a fighting Chris towards a LIMO Seeing Dave in the van, Chris shouts over to him, distrau
88) 0) text: Damon and Dave are tied to chairs in the eerily charred warehouse. The former calm. The latter sobbing. There is PLASTIC SHEETING on the floor, and hanging behind them. I front of them is a DV CAMERA on a tripod. Nearby, Baby Goon hands out SUPER-VILLAIN MASKS. Sporty G looks at his in disgust.
99) 0) text: Sporty Goon holds up his hand for the others to stop the beating. Dave and Damon slump forward, breathing unevenly
101) 0) text: The zippo lighter touches Damon. At once he’s in flames. A small hand hits a light switch. And everything goes bla Dimly lit by the screaming Damon, alight, we can see the goons look to one another in puzzlement. Seconds later, Hit Girl is all over them. We cut between night-vision POV and the eerily beautiful darkness illuminated by her burning father as, one by one, she sli and dices the hoods into submission. She’s taking a few h sure, but she appears to be utterly oblivious to them. Last man down, Mindy runs to Damon and beats out the flam All is black now. We hear footsteps as she runs to the li ON A COMPUTER SCREEN: The dark image of the room lights u The tripod must have been knocked during the fight, so wh we see now is several dead goons and, in the corner of th frame, a shocked - but very alive - Kickass.
106) 0) text: Blinking in the light, Mindy runs to Damon. But as her st slow and her face falls, we surmise that the sight greeti her isn’t good. And we're right: we need no medical degre make a grim prognosis for the thoroughly fried Damon.
106) 1) dialog: So proud of you, baby. I love you. He closes his eyes. His eyelids are the only things that aren’t burned. Mindy plants a gentle kiss on one of them.