0) 0) text: A wide shot in which you could be forgiven for failing to spot a tiny, brightly-clothed FIGURE on one of the roofto Over this, we hear the voice of our hero: DAVE LIZEWSKI.
0) 1) dialog: I always wondered why nobody did it before me. I mean, all those comic books. Movies. TV shows... You’d think that one eccentric loner would have made himself a costume. We track in towards the figure: a YOUNG MAN IN A SUPERHER COSTUME. Perilously near the edge, striking an iconic pos With cool resolve, he slips a pair of GOGGLES into positi
0) 2) dialog: Is everyday life really so exciting, are schools and offices so thrilling, that I’m the only one who ever fantasized about this? He spreads his arms to reveal awesome MECHANICAL WINGS.
0) 3) dialog: C’mon. Be honest with yourself. Calmly, he dives off the roof.
0) 4) dialog: At some point in our lives, we all wanted to be a superhero. A smile on his face. A beautiful open vista of concrete a glass windows reflecting the low sun. He’s in flight. Oh wait... No he’s not. The smile fades. This isn’t flyin Just good old-fashioned falling.
0) 6) dialog: That’s not me, by the way. That’s some Armenian guy with a history of mental health problems. On the news, his sister said he read about me in the New York Post.
0) 8) dialog: That's me. Back before any of this stuff happened. Back when you’d have to be a lot crazier than that guy to try and be like me. He waves to his father, MR LIZEWSKI, who is driving...
0) 9) dialog: Later, Dad. ...And sets off towards the school entrance.
0) 10) dialog: Not saying there was anything wrong with me. Just that you’d have had a hard time finding a hook. (a beat) I mean, I wasn’t into sport... HE strolls past a brace of SOCCER-TEAM GIRLS kicking a ba
1) 0) text: Dave joins the back of a line of kids, all waiting to pas one by one through a METAL DETECTOR ARCHWAY.
1) 1) dialog: I wasn’t a mathlete... We move down the line to see three NICE KIDS ahead of him
1) 2) dialog: or a hard-core gamer... Two BOYS. Their t-shirts say “AFK”, and “The cake is a li
1) 3) dialog: I didn’t have a piercing, or an eating disorder, or three thousand friends on MySpace. Four skinny, pierced EMOS stand at the front of the line.
1) 4) dialog: I wasn’t funny. A chubby white guy, who we’ll come to know as MARTY, danc through the archway doing the “Soulja Boy” dance.
1) 5) text: The bell RINGS. Dave and the class scramble into their se
1) 6) dialog: Like most people my age, I just existed. Dave's teacher MRS ZANE, 40, comes in. A slightly chubby borderline milf. She takes off her jacket and hangs it up INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 5 Dave lies on his bed watching TV.
1) 7) dialog: Kick in my bedroom door and you'd probably find me watching TV. Or talking to my friend Todd on Skype. Dave sits at his PC. On the screen: a You Tube page and, minimized window, the face of Dave’s best friend TODD.
1) 9) dialog: No.
1) 11) dialog: Or jerking off. Mostly to my biology teacher.
2) 0) text: In a replay of what we just saw, Mrs Zane takes off her jacket. Then she stares right at us and takes off her blo She reaches back to unhook her bra just as we cut to: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 7 From our vantage point under Dave’s desk, we can see his PANTS around his ankles. A wad of SOILED TISSUES are drop into the WASTEPAPER BASKET by his feet.
2) 1) dialog: Though, to be honest, it didn’t take much to set me off. 10
2) 2) text: Dave’s COMPUTER SCREEN. A homework document headed “The Maasai tribe”, and a shot of some bare-breasted tribeswom He types: “...traditional ceremonial bead-work”. Then - sentence abandoned - the cursor clicks to minimise the document and bring the tribeswomen to the foreground. Another handful of tissues goes in the basket. Dave's playing WORLD OF WARCRAFT. His female NIGHT ELF is screen. The cursor fliesto and fro, removing all her clot Fingers moving urgently on the keyboard, Dave types “/dan The nearly-naked digital elf performs a sexy dance. Another tissue drops into the basket. A copy of TV GUIDE is tossed to the floor. Followed by another tissue.
2) 3) dialog: I tell you, when my hormones balance out, shares in Kleenex are gonna take a dive, man.
3) 0) text: Where we left off, Mrs Zane takes her seat and leans forw to put down her purse. She catches Dave looking at her ti
3) 2) dialog: Yes, Mrs. Zane. Sorry. She flashes a playful mock-stern frown, then an amused sm before looking away. Truth is, she’s flattered.
3) 3) dialog: Sure, a lot of what got me through the average school day was making deposits in the wack-off warehouse for later. But don’t get me wrong. I liked girls my own age, too.
4) 0) text: Dave walks the crowded corridor, eyes fixed on a striking cute girl who is fumbling in her locker: KATIE DEAUXMA.
4) 1) dialog: Especially Katie Deauxma. 11 Katie looks up and breaks into a broad smile.
4) 3) dialog: Hey! Katie claps her hand over her mouth, and, hearing a bark laughter from behind him, Dave wheels round to see the pe Katie was actually addressing: her best friend ERIKA CHO.
4) 5) dialog: No, you meant - Erika. I know. I knew that. You were... I was just kidding. I knew you didn’t...
4) 8) dialog: It’s cool. Ok then. See ya... later He hurries away. Behind him, Erika and Katie clutch each other in helpless laughter as Katie dies of embarrassment
4) 9) dialog: I was just a regular guy. INT. DAVE’S KITCHEN. DAY. 11 Dave sits at the table with his DAD, AND HIS MOM, 42. She eating cereal.
4) 10) dialog: No radioactive spiders. No refugee status from a doomed alien world. Dave morosely pours himself a bowl of CORN PUFFS.
4) 11) dialog: Know what? Todd said they do still make Count Chocula. They just don’t sell it at the A&P any more. Suddenly, Dave’s mom slumps forward onto the table. Her bowl of cereal crashes to the floor, the spilled corn puffs bouncing iconically towards us like the pearls from Martha Wayne’s broken necklace. 12 13
4) 12) dialog: My mother was killed by an aneurism in the kitchen, as opposed to a gunman in an alley. So if you were hoping for any... Close on the cereal box as it morphs into...
5) 0) text: ...A GRAVESTONE. Behind it, the New York skyline just vis through a fierce storm. Dave: dripping wet, fists aloft, raging at the heavens through the thunder and lightning.
5) 1) dialog: I will avenge you, mother!
5) 2) dialog: +-.-You’re outta luck. The tombstone morphs back into... INT. DAVE’S KITCHEN. DAY. 13 -+-A box of COUNT CHOCULA cereal. Just Dave and his dad a the breakfast table now.
5) 3) dialog: In fact, in the eighteen months since my mother died, the only epiphany I had was realizing that, like it or not, life just goes on. Dave studies the cereal box.
5) 5) dialog: Oh.
5) 7) dialog: Spiderman 8! Thursday?! The sneak preview?! Dad, you officially rock! Don’t you got a shift Thursday night?
6) 0) text: A fanboy’s dream. Two storeys of comic books, toys and collectibles, with a coffee-shop concession. Dave is here with Todd and Marty, chatting and drinking frappucinos.
6) 1) dialog: How come nobody’s ever tried to be a superhero?
6) 3) dialog: What, putting on a mask and helping people? How is that impossible?
6) 6) dialog: Hello? What about Bruce Wayne? He didn’t have any powers.
6) 8) dialog: Yeah, I guess I did mean that.
6) 10) dialog: I’m not saying they should do it. I just can’t figure out why no one does. Seriously, out of all the millions of people who love superheroes, you’d think at least one would give it a try. (MORE )
6) 13) dialog: Jesus, doesn’t it bug you? Why do thousands of people wanna be Paris Hilton, and nobody wants to be Spiderman?
6) 18) dialog: Looks like Mr. D’Amico traded in the hummer.
6) 20) dialog: Is it just me, or do you feel kinda sorry for Chris D’Amico?
6) 24) dialog: Yeh, but he’s always on his own.
6) 26) dialog: I wasn’t saying we should talk to him, just, like -
6) 30) dialog: Why? I just said I felt sorry - Aw shit, ok, fine. Dave makes his way over to the register, where Chris is n in line. Nearby, the Bodyguard pretends to read a comic. Chris sees Dave approaching and smiles. Dave smiles back an awkward wave. The bodyguard glances up from the comic.
7) 0) text: Dave and Todd walk home, carrying their BAGS of new comic Then, from nowhere, TWO GANG KIDS block their path. The bigger kid holds out his hand matter-of-factly.
15) 0) text: The limo pulls up outside the theatre. A few people line for tickets as a huge tide of others flood out. Among the an elated Dave, Todd and Marty - talking excitedly about movie they’ve just seen.
15) 1) dialog: The comic-books had it wrong. It didn’t take a trauma, or cosmic rays or a power ring to make a superhero. INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 24 Dave undresses. In his underpants, he really looks like j a little kid. The camera jibs down to see a UPS PACKAGE. From it, Dave pulls out: a WET-SUIT and a SKI MASK. He pulls them on and looks in the MIRROR.
15) 2) dialog: You are fucking awesome. He strikes a superhero pose, throws a few martial arts mo
15) 3) dialog: ...dust the perfect combination of optimism and naivety.
17) 0) text: Mrs Zane is at the whiteboard but Dave isn’t watching. He writes in his book, fingering the collar of his costume u his shirt, a sly smile playing on his lips. In Dave’s notebook are several heroic DOODLES of himself costume, and some names: Night Walker, Bad Night, Bad Ass He writes down: Kick Ass. Then a bunch of question marks. INT. BEN AND JERRY’S. DAY. 28 Mindy is here with Damon, scoffing a large core sundae. F sauce drips onto her padded jacket. She looks down to wip off and notices five bullet holes.
18) 0) text: Dave, in his costume, carefully treads the edge of the ro
18) 1) dialog: I'll be honest, there wasn’t a whole lotta crime fighting in those first few weeks. He reaches the corner and looks across to the next roofto He glances down into the narrow alleyway separating the t
19) 0) text: The alley we looked down into before. Dave checks he’s no being watched, then runs a TAPE MEASURE between the walls
19) 1) dialog: But even so, my new vocation kept me plenty busy. I didn’t even have time for internet porn any more.
20) 0) text: Dave has placed two pieces of wood that distance apart. H runs up to the first, leaps... lands nowhere near the sec
21) 0) text: Dave pumps iron.
21) 1) dialog: If my friends wondered what the fuck was going on with me, they never mentioned it. 36 37 38 39 20.
22) 0) text: Dave sits with Todd and Marty eating a plate of FISH, STE and BOILED EGGS. The guys don’t bat an eyelid. Marty poke eye holes in a piece of bread and wears it as a BANDIT MA INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 37 Dave poses in his costume, flexing his still-tiny pecs.
22) 1) dialog: All I knew was I’d never felt so good about myself.
23) 0) text: Dave, back at his long-jump, makes several more unsuccess attempts before he finally lands clear of his target. Close on his feet as we see his subsequent landings past second piece of timber, getting further and further away.
23) 1) dialog: I called it preparation. Finally, he takes a run up and we see that the pieces of timber have been put aside, and he is now going for the r thing. He reaches the edge of the roof... and stops.
23) 2) dialog: But if you called it fantasizing, it woulda been hard to argue. INT. MINDY AND DAMON’S APARTMENT. DAY. 39 The kind of place you’d expect to see in a documentary ab scary-ass opt-out survivalists - boarded-up windows, a gu rack, not much furniture. Damon sits on one of several ME TRUNKS, grinning as Mindy admires a PAINTING. Now we see that it is a brilliantly rendered piece of com book artwork depicting them in costume, dynamically posed
24) 0) text: At a junction, Dave wheels his bike beside Todd and Marty all carrying BAGS from the comic store. This is where the part company. Dave mounts up, waves goodbye and rides off He rides on, down the same shitty street we saw earlier. Nearby, two boys skulk by a car. The guys who mugged Dave Todd. One has a SCREWDRIVER. He looks up, stares at Dave.
24) 1) dialog: Like every serial killer already knew, eventually fantasizing just doesn’t do it for you anymore. It was time to engage. Dave looks away, keeps pedalling, head down. But his spee gradually slows until, at the next alleyway, he stops dea
25) 0) text: Dave chains his bike to a fire-escape. He tears open his shirt, revealing his costume underneath. This is it.
26) 0) text: The first gang kid has his screwdriver wedged under the window rubber and is prying it off. His friend loiters nearby, smoking a JOINT and keeping lookout. They pause, utterly bewildered, at the sight of: Dave. Walking towards them in his full, costumed splendor.
26) 4) dialog: Two cheapshit losers screwing with a car that somebody probably worked their ass off to pay for. 43 44 23.
26) 7) dialog: I’m not high. I just think it sucks that you figure you can do whatever you want. Walk away from the car, and we can just forget about it. Without warning, the first kid steps up and punches Dave. Dave reels. But now we see that, behind his back, he has piece of LEAD PIPE. He cracks it over the kid’s head. The goes down, the screwdriver flying from his hand. A beat. Then the second kid sets on Dave. The pipe gives an initial advantage. But now the first guy is up again.
27) 0) text: Dave stumbles into the road as A CAR approaches. He tries flag it, but the ALARMED FEMALE DRIVER accelerates past h Dave turns in disbelief to watch the car disappear into t distance... failing to see A SECOND CAR speed towards him ploughs into him, sending him flying like a rag-doll. The car slows and a terrified BUSINESSMAN stares out to s Dave is out cold, his legs and pelvis grotesquely twisted his costume covered in blood. The driver is in serious sh He looks around. No witnesses. Panicking, he speeds away.
28) 0) text: We fade up to Dave’s POV. A SIREN is wailing. A MEDIC is cutting off his costume. The medic shouts up to the drive
28) 2) dialog: My dad is gonna kill me.
28) 4) dialog: I need a favour. Please? Don’t tell anybody about the costume?
29) 0) text: We fade up to Dave’s POV: a blur of bright lights and concerned faces, as the hospital gurney speeds him along.
29) 1) dialog: I don’t remember a whole lot from the first days at the hospital. Just that the pain was a thousand times worse than anything I'd ever experienced. A nurse leans down with a needle.
29) 2) dialog: And the morphine was a thousand times better. Dave lies in a hospital bed, bandaged and wired up, aslee Beside him sits his drained father, staring into space.
31) 0) text: Dave lies in bed, awakening slowly from his sleep. In the chair where we last saw Dave's father, is his mother.
31) 1) dialog: Mom? What are you doing here?
31) 3) dialog: This isn’t real.
31) 5) dialog: Nah. I don’t believe in ghosts. He opens his eyes. She’s gone, and in her place is a CHIN FAMILY in traditional rural dress - a MAN, a PREGNANT WOM and FIVE SMALL CHILDREN. The woman turns to her husband a whispers in Mandarin, subtitled.
31) 8) dialog: (in Mandarin, subtitled) Is that even true? If you’re just going on numbers, aren’t I more likely to come back as an insect or something? The Chinese family have gone. In their place, a GIANT SPI now sits in the chair.
31) 10) dialog: Shit... I really don’t wanna come back as a spider. 48 27.
31) 12) dialog: I don’t know. It’s just not really how I saw things going. Eating flies... fucking other spiders... The spider climbs onto the bed and straddles him.
31) 15) dialog: Dad? Mr. Lizewski’s face floods with joy and relief. He kisses Dave on the forehead, and Dave smiles weakly.
32) 0) text: Dave lies on the bed, the X-RAY UNIT poised over his pelv There’s a whine and a flash as it takes a shot.
32) 1) dialog: Turned out, I'd had, like, nine operations or something insane. The RADIOLOGIST enters and moves the unit for another sho
32) 2) dialog: I hurt all over. I felt weak...
32) 4) dialog: And coming off the morphine was a pisser... 49 50 51 52 28.
33) 0) text: Dave takes off the patients gown, and begins to dress, ga absent mindedly around the cubicle at the various MEDICAL INFORMATION POSTERS. One detailing how to perform a BREAS SELF-EXAMINATION catches his eye.
33) 1) dialog: But all things considered...
35) 0) text: Dave deposits a handful of tissue into the MEDICAL WASTE
35) 1) dialog: Uh-huh. Sorry.
35) 2) dialog: .-.I was getting back to my old self.
36) 0) text: An X-RAY PHOTOGRAPH of a skull with a big metal plate in Now another - an arm with elaborate pins. Now a metal-stu leg. Dave studies these as, in the background, his dad pa away Dave’s hospital things into bag.
36) 1) dialog: How cool is this? I look like Wolverine.
36) 3) dialog: I know! It’s gonna have a meltdown!
36) 5) dialog: Go on... 53 54 55 29.
36) 7) dialog: What? No! Jesus! I wasn’t even... In the ambulance, they had to throw my clothes away! Cos of the blood.
36) 9) dialog: Great.
36) 11) dialog: Of course not!! Oh my god. Mr. Lizewski throws his arms round his son and starts sob with relief. Dave pats him awkwardly on the back.
38) 0) text: Dave carries his tray - a burger and fries - trying to ig all the people staring or whispering. Katie looks at him she talks to Erika, then abruptly stops talking as he pas 56 30.
38) 4) dialog: (bored of this) No.
38) 7) dialog: No. Marty, give it a fuckin’ rest, man. I’ve only been back, like, half a day and already you’re making me kinda miss the hospital. INT. MINDY AND DAMON’S APARTMENT. DAY. 56 A veritable arsenal of WEAPONS are spread out all over th room. Damon is at a makeshift drawing board, inking a pic we can’t see. Behind him a row of PORTRAITS are pinned to wall. All villainous-looking men, drawn in comic book sty Mindy walks in carrying two open cans of PROTEIN SHAKE. S hands one to Damon and takes a swig of her own.
39) 0) text: From Dave’s POV, we gaze down into the now-familiar alley then across the chasm to the next roof.
39) 1) dialog: I should have quit, of course. We see Dave: in a NEW COSTUME. He sprints towards the gap INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 58 Dave holds his phone above his head - the favoured flatte MySpace angle - and looks up. He snaps a shot of himself. On his computer we see the PERSONAL PAGE he’s made for Kickass. A few clicks and the photo he just took is in pl
39) 2) dialog: But you can’t just re-programme yourself: what you want, who you are... your purpose in life.
40) 0) text: A costumed Dave approaches with a can of PAINT and a ROLL He begins to paint a grafitti-covered wall.
40) 1) dialog: Drop a laptop and it’ll break. But when it’s fixed, it’s not gonna be a fuckin’ George Foreman grill. 60 61 62 63 32.
41) 0) text: Dave, in costume, loads SHOPPING BAGS into an SUV for a grateful - if slightly bemused - YOUNG MOM with a BABY.
41) 1) dialog: It is what it is.
42) 0) text: Dave stands beside a DDR DANCING STAGE unit. A huge queue LITTLE KIDS wait their turn while two HULKING TEENAGERS e theirs. Their feet just a blur, you get the feeling they a_lot. One leans forward to put in another handful of coi
42) 1) dialog: Me? My hardware was fixed now. Dave leans in and stays the boy’s arm, stopping him from inserting the coins. The teens stare at the costumed frea shock. Dave indicates the line of little kids and gives t universal thumb-jerking gesture for get-the-fuck-outta-he Amazingly, the two guys comply, walking away, confused. T crowd of kids CHEER, and the first two in line climb on.
43) 0) text: Dave's sprint towards the edge of the roof continues.
43) 1) dialog: I was back and running Kickass version 2.0. Dave reaches the edge... and stops.
43) 2) dialog: Crap.
44) 0) text: Close on a poster that reads: HAVE YOU SEEN MR. BITEY ??? There’s a PHONE NUMBER and a PHOTO OF A CAT. Pull back to find Dave, in costume, studying it.
44) 1) dialog: Okay, maybe I was still in the beta- testing phase. But it was a start. 64 65 66 33.
45) 0) text: Dave - in costume, remember - walks the neighbourhood, searching for the cat, ignoring the stares of PASSERSBY.
45) 1) dialog: Mr Bitey! Two GANG GIRLS walking past burst out laughing.
46) 0) text: A terrified man, OSCAR JUAREZ, 26, runs for his life. In pursuit are three BIG SCARY GUYS. We intercut between this chase, and Dave’s more mundane ambling.
47) 0) text: From across the street, Dave spots A CAT eating from the trash outside a FASTFOOD JOINT. This is it. He sprints ac the road towards it, cars honking as he darts between the
47) 1) dialog: Hey there Mr. Bitey... C’mon... But the cat makes a break for it, shooting away, up a TRE
47) 2) dialog: Wonderful. Dave climbs the tree as the cat watches disdainfully. In distance, we may see the terrified Oscar Juarez turn onto this street and dash in our direction - but Dave doesn’t. Dave reaches for the cat, but his foot slips and he falls Right onto Oscar, flooring him. Neither can quite believe
47) 5) dialog: Yeah, it is. Dave pulls his lead pipe and piles in, blazing, taking hi left, right and centre and landing plenty of his own. A few passerby slow down to gawp. Dave shouts to them.
47) 6) dialog: Call 911! Somebody call 911! A TEENAGER runs into the nearby fast-food joint.
49) 0) text: The fast-food diners join the large crowd, many now filmi the fight on their cell-phones. Dave gives as good as he gets as he fights to protect Osc The biggest guy, badly beaten, clocks the crowd. Dave’s n going down, and now they’re on camera, too. Time to quit.
49) 2) dialog: You okay, man? It’s chaos here - the crowd shouting, approaching sirens. EXCITED GUY thrusts his cellphone breathlessly towards Da
50) 0) text: Dave runs. In the distance, we see the ambulance - now arrived - and much of the crowd still in attendance.
51) 0) text: Dave rounds the corner, and after checking nobody's seen he opens the dumpster and retrieves a PLASTIC SHOPPING BA He empties it out - it’s his CLOTHES. He pulls off his ma He’s bleeding and bruised but can’t help grinning. He did INT. DAVE’S ROOM. DAY. 71 Dave peers at his bruised face in a mirror.
51) 1) dialog: This look like it’s going down any? Todd, at Dave’s desk browsing YOUTUBE, doesn’t move. Mart on the floor playing BIOSHOCK on the Xbox, looks up brief
51) 6) dialog: What thing? Surely it can’t be...? Dave tosses aside his CONTROLLER a moves over to the computer. Marty follows. 72 36.
51) 7) text: In the low-ish res of a youtube clip, we see Dave, bent o Oscar. The camera thrusts towards him.
51) 9) dialog: I’m Kickass. MUSIC kicks in now as we follow the explosion of Dave’s f - A Youtube page, showing the fight. It’s titled: Kickass Real life Superhero. Underneath it says: VIEWS: 10,019 - Footage from a LOCAL NEWS CHANNEL. A FEMALE ANCHOR spea
52) 18) dialog: Uh... That kickass guy? I guess so. Had you... seen that clip before?
52) 20) dialog: He’s more, like, a superhero. Than a vigilante. Wouldn’t you say?
52) 22) dialog: Yeah. I said fine. I’1ll carry one if you want me to.
52) 24) dialog: I don’t know, they were all kind of gay. I think they’re, like, meant for girls or something.
52) 26) dialog: Exactly! 77 78 40.
52) 28) dialog: No, look, fine, I’1l have Camo. Camo is fine. But I’m... You don’t have to worry about me, Dad... I wish you wouldn’t worry about me. INT. DAVE’S ROOM. NIGHT. 77 Dave sits down at his computer and logs onto Myspace.
52) 29) dialog: My MySpace: 38 friends. Kickass’s MySpace: 16k and counting. He scrolls through his mail. We catch flashes of text: “C you help?” ... “and I swear I know for sure he did it” .. “3rd armed hold-up in two months” ... “broke into my car” Dave begins to type a reply: “I’m working my way through backlog of requests right now, but I’1l get to yours as s as I can. Yours sincerely...” He erases “sincerely” and types “truly”. Erases that, typ “keep it real”. Then wipes that too and just types “Kicka
53) 0) text: Dave strides to his locker, his face still bruised from Kickass’s now-legendary fight, but more confident than ev Katie, approaching from the other direction, smiles at hi
53) 3) dialog: (surprised) Oh... Hey.
53) 5) dialog: Ah, good, thanks, yeah. Much better. Not as bad as last time, that’s for sure!
53) 7) dialog: Yeah...?
53) 9) dialog: Um... Sure. Thanks.
53) 11) dialog: Um... Today... sure, why not? Today’s good.
53) 13) dialog: Man, did you just see that?! Todd and Marty exchange looks.
53) 16) dialog: What are you talking about? 42.
53) 20) dialog: What’s that got to do with me? Dave and Marty exchange another look.
54) 0) text: Dave walks to the store with Todd and Marty. He is mid-ra
54) 1) dialog: But... A rent boy?! A fucking rent boy?? What kind of rumor is that?
54) 4) dialog: You guys have been mugged!
54) 6) dialog: That’s not even true! The medic threw my clothes away!
54) 8) dialog: It’s camo!
54) 12) dialog: Thanks a lot, Marty. Dave opens the door and we see his stunned reaction to: ...the store as he’s never seen it before. It’s rammed, a the demographic has expanded wildly to include a lot of g and a good cross section of teenage society. At the coffe shop, a sign says: “TODAY'S SPECIAL: KICKASS CAPPUCCINO”
54) 13) dialog: Holy shit, what happened? Marty flicks a huge promotional cardboard sign: the cover Kickass number 1. A strap-line on it says: COMING SOON.
54) 15) dialog: You really didn’t have to get mine.
54) 17) dialog: Yeah... about that, I -
54) 19) dialog: Right... Thanks. So... (reaching for a subject) Do you actually... Read comics?
54) 22) dialog: Guess you won't be lining up for that Kickass comic, then.
54) 24) dialog: Help? Really? What with?
54) 26) dialog: (trying to hide despair) Don't be dumb... I mean, I’m fine. I'm... But... (lightening the mood) Kickass? Those must be some pretty serious boyfriend troubles! He cracks up at his joke ‘til he realizes she’s not kiddi
54) 28) dialog: You can tell me, if you want. I mean... I’m a guy. I could maybe... Give you a guy’s perspective or something?
54) 30) dialog: Uh... No, I didn’t. 80 81 45.
54) 32) dialog: Well, I’m... here for you, and all that kinda thing. Katie reaches across the table and squeezes his hand.
54) 34) dialog: Shhh. Of course not. Carry on.
55) 0) text: Dave - in costume - walks the street. A few KIDS cheer as passes. Some NO-GOOD TYPES cross the street nervously. A SHADY-LOOKING GUY unexpectedly high-fives him.
55) 1) dialog: I don’t know if I was everything Katie had always dreamed her gay b.f£.£. would be. But I tried my best. And, more importantly, I talked her into mailing Kickass. At a nasty block, he pushes bells ‘til someone buzzes him
55) 2) dialog: Long story short, this particular lame duck of hers had turned out to be more of a lame cobra.
56) 0) text: Dave climbs a filthy stairwell, walks a dilapidated corri 82
56) 1) dialog: She didn’t want the money back that she'd given him, or an apology for the black eye he’d given her. She just wanted him to get that they were through, and leave her alone. (a beat) And - let’s be real - no other request could’ve given me more pleasure. Dave stops outside one of the doors and pushes the bell. door is opened by LEROY, 21, huge and intimidating.
56) 3) dialog: Are you Rasul?
56) 5) dialog: Which one of you guys is Rasul?
56) 8) dialog: You don’t know who I am?
56) 10) dialog: I, I have a message for Rasul. About Katie Deauxma. (off his reaction) You’re Rasul? Ok. You’ve gotta stay away from Katie now. It’s over. And, uh... You just need to... leave her alone.
56) 12) dialog: I’m Kickass. Look me up. And this is me giving you a message: leave Katie alone.
56) 14) dialog: I’1l come back and break your fucking legs. Dave turns to leave, but Leroy steps into his path. Rasul grabs Dave’s shoulder, but before he can do anythin else, Dave has pulled his TASER. He tasers Rasul, who shr and falls twitching to the ground. Dave tries to make a break for it, but Leroy tackles him the ground. Dave struggles to load his spare cartridge in the now empty taser, but Leroy is too strong. The other thug helps Rasul up, and Rasul pulls a knife.
57) 0) text: Too scared to protest, Dave follows her up the fire escap
58) 0) text: Dave stops, out of breath. Reluctantly, Mindy pauses too.
58) 1) dialog: Wait, wait... Who are you? She holds out her little gloved hand. It’s covered in oth people’s blood. Reluctantly, Dave shakes it.
59) 0) text: Dave climbs shakily down the fire escape to the street.
59) 1) dialog: Hitgirl and Big Daddy, they were the real deal. Me, I was just a stupid dick in a wetsuit. INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 86 Dave sneaks into his room and sits down heavily on the be
59) 2) dialog: A stupid dick with a real problem. The superhero duvet-cover, toys and other detritus of Dav childhood around the room remind us that he’s just a kid. pulls off his blood-spattered mask, curls up into a ball starts to cry. INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - KITCHEN. DAY. 87 A grim-faced Big Joe sits with Frank, the huge goon nearb
59) 10) dialog: I didn’t say anything, to anyone, I swear!
59) 13) dialog: I, I... Thanks. 51. Dave reaches out to take the pieces from her. Damon’s han shoots out and grabs Dave’s wrist before it gets anywhere near. With his other hand, he takes the pieces himself.
59) 17) dialog: Shit... I hadn’t - God, I owe you. But, you know, I’m thinking of shutting my site down anyway, quitting. This is... insane. I’m in way over my head.
59) 20) dialog: (humouring him) Thanks. That’s really nice of you.
59) 22) dialog: How do I get hold of you?
60) 0) text: Dave sits on a pink sofa by a curtained changing cubicle.
60) 1) dialog: Murder. Superheroes breaking into my bedroom. And now Katie Deauxma undressing three feet away from me. Nothing seemed real any more.
60) 4) dialog: ..-Awesome. Just... Wow.
60) 6) dialog: Uh... No. A bit? Is that bad? She throws a few poses in the mirror, frowning.
60) 7) dialog: Being Katie’s gay best friend sucked and rocked in equal measure. Somehow, I mostly managed not to get a boner... Katie sticks her hand into her top, assessing the transparency of the fabric. 90 91 53.
60) 9) dialog: ...But there’s only so much control aman can have in the presence of perfection. He grabs a cushion from beside him and places it on his l INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. DAY. 90 Frank is on the phone, with Big Joe at his side.
63) 36) dialog: I know. But, Katie, guys like Rasul... They get mixed up in stuff, and...
63) 38) dialog: Oh my god, you’re talking crazy! Katie, there’s no way! He probably didn’t even read your mail yet. Katie throws her arms round Dave and hugs him, sobbing in his neck. He holds her, guiltily relishing the opportunit
63) 39) dialog: C’mon. Don’t cry. Let’s go out and buy you... some candy? And some of those magazines you like where they draw the red circle on the picture if a celebrity has, like, an extra long toe or something. She nods and wipes her nose, looking fondly into his eyes
64) 0) text: Dave, Todd and Marty drink their coffees in the busy stor
64) 2) dialog: Oh, just peachy. Spent the weekend watching the entire Ugly Betty box set and doing pedicures.
64) 4) dialog: I know, I know. I’m gonna tell her. She just seems so... happy. It never feels like the right time.
64) 8) dialog: What? Who? Katie pulls out her IPHONE, but then spots the store’s TV which is running the news with the sound muted. She squea excitedly and waves to the BARISTA.
66) 1) dialog: What did he do?
66) 8) dialog: Apparently Katie wasn’t the only one who thought Red Mist owned. He punches a few keys and the KICKASS WEBSITE comes up. A button says - NEW MAIL: 2. Dave clicks on it.
66) 9) dialog: Seemed like hardly anybody wanted to talk to Kickass any more. Dave opens a mail. It’s an advert for a PENIS ENLARGER. He opens the second... and leans in, surprised and intrig We see a snatch of the mail: ...JUST TELL ME A TIME AND PLACE, IT’D BE COOL TO HOOK UP. YOURS, RED MIST.
67) 0) text: Dave, in his Kickass costume, enters the alleyway cautiou
67) 2) dialog: Red Mist. Chris jumps down in front of Dave.
67) 4) dialog: Are you okay?
67) 7) dialog: Wow, I... Really? 105 66.
67) 9) dialog: You wanna be... my sidekick??
67) 11) dialog: What, now?
67) 13) dialog: To be honest with you? I really only fight crime between, like, nine and two weekdays, so I’m gonna need to get back pretty soon... They turn the corner to see: a gorgeous MUSTANG.
67) 14) dialog: Sweet!! Is that yours?
68) 5) dialog: You’re so not how I expected? Chris shrugs, sparks up and starts the engine.
68) 9) dialog: Sure, why not? They throw a sharp, screeching left into a dodgy street.
72) 2) dialog: Oh my god. Chris begins to run towards the entrance.
72) 3) dialog: What are you doing?!
72) 5) dialog: Shouldn't we just call... Oh shit. Okay. No choice. Dave runs after him. 113 114 69.
73) 0) text: Our superheroes cough and splutter through the smoke. Wit moments, Chris has sprinted away, losing Dave. Dave enters the main open space, in which he eventually s the Huge Goon, lying on the floor, face down, out cold. Dave hoists the man’s arm over his shoulder and, with gre difficulty, begins to drag him towards the exit. As the g begins to slip, Dave gives a little tug on his arm. The m head tips back to reveal his face: his eyes are rolled ba in his head and his mouth has been cut nearly all the way the ear on both sides. Dave screams, drops him and runs.
73) 1) text: As he continues his nightmarish fight through the flames, Dave now spots one heap of CORPSES after another: Frank’s henchmen. Some shot, other displaying extensive knife wou Utterly freaked out, Dave reaches a door... but it’s jamm
73) 2) dialog: Red Mist! Red Mist! Overcome by the smoke, Dave slumps to the ground. Suddenly out of the miasma comes: a gloved hand. Chris pu Dave up and they run, finally reaching the doorway to saf
74) 0) text: Dave and Chris emerge from the flames, looking every inch authentic superheroes, bar the fact that they haven’t res anyone and Chris appears to be holding A BURNT TEDDY BEAR A group of BYSTANDERS have gathered. They applaud.
74) 1) dialog: Holy shit, that was... Oh my god. Oh my god. Fuck.
74) 2) dialog: Did you see all those bodies? Chris nods in horror. In the distance, SIRENS.
74) 4) dialog: (noticing the teddy) Why’d you save the teddy...?
76) 4) dialog: Superheroes who run into burning buildings are meant to find pretty ladies screaming “save my baby”. What they’re not meant to find is a pile of massacred corpses.
76) 6) dialog: You bet I will. INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - KITCHEN. DAY. 122 A shaky Chris, school bag over his shoulder, rifles a she Frank slumps at the table, in the same suit as last night
78) 0) text: Dave sits in the passenger seat beside Chris. Both are in full costume. Chris is smoking a joint.
78) 1) dialog: Like I said in my mail, I think I’m just... Done with all this.
78) 3) dialog: Addictive?
78) 5) dialog: Dude, I really... I think there’s some messed up shit going on I don’t even wanna know about.
78) 7) dialog: Like... I, I think I might know who killed those people at the warehouse. I think they’re on our side. But it’s major-league shit. I don’t wanna... Get mixed up in it.
78) 9) dialog: I don’t even wanna talk about it. I’m serious. I can’t say anything.
78) 12) dialog: Look man, I just can’t. Chris elbows him and indicates the girls. The BLONDE in t passenger seat rolls down her window. Chris follows suit.
78) 17) dialog: What are you doing?!
78) 21) dialog: Uh... Wow. That is a coincidence. Imagine that. She giggles, climbs onto his lap and whispers in his ear. 130 78.
78) 24) dialog: I’m... I’m really sorry. I’m sure you're a lovely girl and, and, don’t get me wrong, I honestly think you're... so pretty and everything. But... I’ve got to go. Dave pushes the girl off as politely as he can and gets o of the car. The girl shrugs and climbs into the back seat with her friend and the now ecstatic Chris instead. And Dave hurries purposefully away down the street. INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. NIGHT. 130 Frank is freaking out. Ginger Goon cowers nervously.
78) 35) dialog: Hi. I’m Kickass. You mailed me? Katie carries on brushing her hair. She hasn’t heard him.
78) 36) dialog: (louder) Hi! I’m - Katie leaps up, screaming hysterically.
78) 37) dialog: Shhh! Shhh! It’s just me! Kickass!
78) 39) dialog: Stop! Please! Katie! I’m not gonna hurt you! I really am Kickass! 80.
78) 41) dialog: Katie, no! They both lunge for it...
78) 42) dialog: shit! But Katie gets there first, tripping over the cable for h stereo as she does so, silencing the music. She pulls bac for a big swing at Dave. No choice: Dave pulls off his ma
78) 43) dialog: It’s me! Slowly, in disbelief, Katie lowers the bat.
78) 45) dialog: Because I am Kickass. And I’m also not gay. And I’ve been an idiot, and a shit friend, and I’ve lied to you, and if it makes you feel any better, I don’t think you could hate me any more right now than I hate myself. I’m just... Really, really sorry. I’ve never met anybody who was as beautiful and kind, and... and... lovely as you. And you deserve better. Katie stares at him as he walks towards the door to leave
78) 47) dialog: (hopeful ) Yes?
78) 49) dialog: Oh. 132 81. He turns despondently and starts towards the window. He’s just about to climb out when...
78) 51) dialog: Really? She nods and sits down on the bed. He walks over uncertai
78) 52) dialog: Stay... Like when we have a sleepover? She shakes her head slowly, with a little smile. He sits down beside her and they kiss. Sweetly at first, then with a violent intensity that surprises them both. INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - CORRIDOR. DAWN. 132 Chris grins as he does up his jeans. He stuffs his costum into the plastic bag as he sneaks back towards his room. At the study, he glances in to see: two corpses. And Fran making Jack Nicholson in The Shining look like Mary Poppi
79) 0) text: Dave sits with Todd and Marty. Katie sits on Dave’s lap.
79) 3) dialog: You think?
79) 5) dialog: You would?
79) 7) dialog: Do you... uh, fancy checking out that new Kate Hudson movie where she’s a shoe designer who can’t get a guy? I think we can make the next showing if we leave right now.
80) 0) text: Dave and Katie are at it, urgently, up against the wall.
80) 1) dialog: Comic-books rocked. Jerking off rocked. And being a superhero owned. But this... there was nothing - absolutely nothing - in the whole wide world that came close to being better than this.
80) 2) text: 136 INT. DAVE’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 136 Dave and his dad are eating dinner together.
80) 4) dialog: Tomorrow. Wednesdays she does one of her volunteer things.
80) 6) dialog: Katie worried about me getting hurt, so I promised her my Kickass days were over. And the truth was, I hardly missed it at all. (MORE )
80) 8) dialog: I realised I hadn’t even checked the web site for, like, a week. Dave minimizes the screen and logs on to the KICKASS PAGE The button says: NEW MAIL: 45. Dave skims through the lis mails without reading any until he sees one from RED MIST EXT. DAVE’S APARTMENT. NIGHT. 138 Mr Lizewski, in uniform for his shift, gets into his car drives away. Seconds later, the door opens again to reveal: Dave. Whee his bike; wearing a duffle-coat over his Kickass costume, no mask. He’s just about to climb on when his cell rings.
80) 9) dialog: Hey baby.
81) 2) dialog: This is the last time. I totally swear... Well, I wish you wouldn't worry.
81) 4) dialog: I... care about you a lot, too.
82) 0) text: The Mistmobile is parked in a deserted lay-by near the ri Dave rides up, hops off his bike and puts on his mask as approaches. Chris, in full Red Mist costume, opens the do 85.
83) 0) text: Dave slides into the passenger seat - coat still on.
83) 1) dialog: Serious and urgent had better mean serious and urgent, dude. I promised my girlfriend I was through with all this.
83) 3) dialog: Dead how?
83) 5) dialog: A price on our heads? What is this, the wild west?
83) 8) dialog: Dude... Calm down. 142 INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. NIGHT. 142 Mindy is on her laptop. Damon studies an open packing cra
84) 0) text: Chris studies the screen on Dave’s phone.
84) 1) dialog: Do you know where that is?
85) 0) text: The run-down corridor of a faceless apartment block. Chri and Dave (still wearing his duffle-coat) ring a doorbell.
86) 0) text: The door swings open and Dave and Chris step in to be gre by Damon, in his Big Daddy costume.
87) 0) text: The goons bundle Damon and Dave into the back of a VAN. Nearby, Scary Goon pushes a fighting Chris towards a LIMO Seeing Dave in the van, Chris shouts over to him, distrau
88) 0) text: Damon and Dave are tied to chairs in the eerily charred warehouse. The former calm. The latter sobbing. There is PLASTIC SHEETING on the floor, and hanging behind them. I front of them is a DV CAMERA on a tripod. Nearby, Baby Goon hands out SUPER-VILLAIN MASKS. Sporty G looks at his in disgust.
99) 0) text: Sporty Goon holds up his hand for the others to stop the beating. Dave and Damon slump forward, breathing unevenly
99) 1) dialog: Even with my metal plates and my fucked up nerve endings, I’ve gotta tell ya: that hurt.
99) 3) dialog: But not half as much as the idea of leaving everything behind. Katie. My dad. Todd and Marty. And all the things I’d never do. Like learn to drive. Or see what me and Katie’s kids would look like. Or find out what happened in Lost. Sporty produces a ZIPPO and flicks it open.
99) 4) dialog: And if you’re reassuring yourself that I’m gonna make it through this since I’m talking to you now, quit being such a smart ass. Hell dude. You never seen Sin City? Sunset Boulevard? American Beauty? 160 161 162 92.
106) 4) dialog: I... I can’t drive. 94.
107) 1) dialog: What’s your name? I mean, your real name.
107) 3) dialog: Look, you can’t... However you lived before... It’s over. Is there anybody else? Any other family, or?
107) 5) dialog: But I mean, what about money? You've got to think long-term -
107) 7) dialog: I’m not going anywhere ‘til i know you're okay. I owe you. If it wasn’t for you, I'd be dead.
107) 9) dialog: (a painful beat) .-..-And I owe it to him to look after you. He wouldn’t have wanted you to be on your own. 170 INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. NIGHT. 170 The door opens into the dark. Mindy hits the light. 171 172 95. The first thing they see, pinned to the wall, is the Hit and Big Daddy picture that Damon did for Mindy’s birthday They both stare at it. A sad, awkward moment. Dave, holding MARCUS’S NUMBER, breaks the silence.
107) 10) dialog: We should call this number your dad gave you.
107) 12) dialog: Ok... Look, pack up whatever you need. And we’ll go to my place. I'll figure out something to tell my dad when he gets back from his night shift. I need to clean up? INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE - BATHROOM. NIGHT. 171 It’s grimy. Dave rinses the blood from his face and hair. INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. NIGHT. 172 Like a tiny Rambo, Mindy begins to tool up, weighing up RIFLES and HANDGUNS, sharpening KNIVES with a WATER STONE We intercut between her and Dave’s clean up until finally Dave walks out of the bathroom to find Mindy fully tooled and shoving additional WEAPONS into an OVERNIGHT BAG.
107) 13) dialog: Woah. I meant, like pyjamas and stuff. And clothes. You can’t...
107) 15) dialog: Frank D’Amico?
107) 17) dialog: I know who he is. 96.
107) 19) dialog: This is his place? All this security? I don’t even see -
107) 21) dialog: I know, but this plan of yours. Even if there were ten of you -
107) 23) dialog: You can’t do this on your own. It’s suicide.
107) 25) dialog: That what I think it is?
107) 27) dialog: I'd do anything to bring your dad back, if I could. Anything. But nothing will. And if I... (MORE )
107) 29) dialog: There are people back home who... Hit Girl, I’m so sorry. I can’t do this.
108) 0) text: Dave stands on a rooftop, gazing out towards the Manhatta skyline. No mask. But no duffle-coat either.
108) 1) dialog: Had I ever been a real superhero? The most I'd ever had to offer the world was good intentions and a slightly elevated capacity to take a kicking. (a beat) With no power comes no responsibility. (another ) Except... that wasn’t true. Dave pulls on his mask. And he starts to run. 176 177 178 179 180 98. Faster and faster. Towards the edge of the building. He reaches the edge... and this time, he doesn’t stop. He ju There is no way he’s going to make it to the next rooftop way anyone could make this jump. Dave begins to lose momentum. He starts to drop... ..-Until the JET PACK on his back kicks in. Dave swoops upwards. He’s flying. Dave soars. Over the water. Across New York. It’s beautif From the streets and windows people gawp in delight. INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - LOBBY. NIGHT. 176 Mindy unleashes hell as she wastes the goons in the lobby We intercut between her fight and Dave’s flight. INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - ELEVATOR. NIGHT. 177 Mindy - still in her street clothes - pushes the button f the penthouse and catches her breath. The door closes - t jams. She looks down to see that it is blocked by the bod Posh Goon. She boots him out of the way and the door shut INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - HALLWAY. NIGHT. 178 The elevator doors slide open to reveal: Mindy in her Hit Girl costume and utility belt. Ready to play. EXT. D’AMICO’S APARTMENT BLOCK. NIGHT. 179 Dave is here. Swooping up the side of the building. INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - HALLWAY. NIGHT. 180 The TWO GOONS guarding either side of the elevator are do But EIGHT MORE rush down the corridor towards Mindy. She doesn’t move, but with jaw-dropping precision, employ the contents of her utility belt. THROWING STARS, KNIVES GRENADES whistle through the air, taking down six hoods i quick succession. A MACHETE spins down the length of the corridor, neatly decapitating a seventh. The eighth looks behind him in dismay as he keeps running towards Mindy, to discover that he’s now alone. When he t back, Mindy 1s right there in front of him, a small CROSS to his forehead. She grins and delicately lets it go. Thw 181 99. INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 181 Mindy’s inside the apartment now, and YET MORE GOONS are down, but two remain - Scary Goon, and the Bodyguard, als armed. They open fire. She’s leaping around, absorbing th hits in her bulletproof vest, until she trips and falls. Scary Goon aims at her head... but he’s out of ammo.
108) 4) dialog: We’re out of bullets!
108) 7) dialog: I called the number. Your dad’s friend. Told him to meet us. He -
108) 13) dialog: Chris, you don’t have to be like your Dad. You have a choice, you -
108) 16) dialog: No! Wait! Don’t! It’s not this that stops her, however, but THE COPS. A sizeable team of them, crashing in towards them, armed. 183 184 101.
109) 0) text: Dave and Mindy land on the roof of Mindy’s building. 185 102.
109) 2) dialog: Dave. My name is Dave Lizewski.
110) 0) text: Mr. Lizewski’s car pulls up outside the school. Dave clim out and waves goodbye to him. As Dave begins to walk, he turns around to see ANOTHER CA pull up. Driven by Marcus. In the passenger seat, Mindy. Marcus hugs her and she hops out and runs over to Dave.
110) 1) dialog: Mindy moved in with Marcus and he enrolled her at my school - first school she’d ever been to - on the promise that I’d look out for her. Before she reaches him, however, a BIG MEAN BOY and his T CRONIES block Mindy’s path. He holds out his hand.
110) 3) dialog: Not that she needed me to. Marty and Todd are sitting in the sunshine, reading comic Dave and Mindy join them, Mindy checking out the comics.
110) 4) dialog: The guys never knew about what happened. And Katie? (MORE )
110) 6) dialog: Well, besides being deeply relieved that my superhero days were over, Katie was the same as ever. From the other direction, we see Katie walking over with Erika and a slightly chubby, FLAMBOYANTLY-DRESSED GUY.
110) 8) dialog: ---And I loved her for it. Katie and the boy sit down with the group. Dave rests his head on Katie’s shoulder. We’ve never seen him so content In the foreground, TWO LABORERS walk past carrying the me detector archway away from the school.
110) 9) dialog: But the world around us was changing. We pull back a little to see: the two gang kids from earl peering into a parked car at the entrance to the school. FOXY WOMAN IN A SUPERHERO COSTUME walks towards them. The nod at her shiftily and amble away. We pull back further and see: the streets around the scho are patrolled by various other SUPERHEROES.
110) 10) dialog: People said I’d been the inspiration for the others. But I saw it differently. We pull back further still, across the water, to Manhatta Here’s the Armenian Guy from the beginning, in his winged suit, climbing up the fire escape of a building. There ar SUPERHEROES everywhere. Walking the streets. Running acro the cars in a traffic jam. Leaping across the rooftops.
110) 11) dialog: All I did was make a door into a world I’d dreamed about since I was a little kid. Now it was open. And the world was coming out. We pull upwards now, further and further back, ‘til the superheroes are just brightly colored dots on the streets
110) 12) dialog: That’s how it looked to me. And I liked what I saw. 186 187 104. Just as we think it’s all over, the camera pushes through window into... INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. DAY. 186 The study has been restored and redecorated, and there’s someone sitting here with his back to us, admiring his reflection in the glass-topped table. The camera tracks round and we see: Chris. A crazy look i his eyes, wearing a new, more menacing costume. He slips an evil-looking mask. Clearly a super-hero no more, now a super-villain. He turns to stare down onto the street.