8) 0) text: TRE FERNANDEZ, 30, unlikely to join his local neighbourho watch scheme any time soon, is tied to a chair, his finge in a pair of heavy-duty BOLT-CUTTERS held by a HUGE GOON. Several other goons surround him - let’s call them GINGER SCARY, SPORTY, BABY and POSH. And here’s FRANK D’AMICO, 5 and his right-hand man, BIG JOE. You know by the cut of Frank's suit that he’s in charge.
8) 4) dialog: You did, you said the guy looked like Batman.
8) 6) dialog: And a cape. 17 18 11.
12) 8) dialog: Batman’s face.
30) 6) dialog: Does it have settings? Like on a regular microwave?
30) 8) dialog: Can he hear you? I don’t think he can hear you.
63) 34) dialog: Boss, what the fuck?! Frank snatches it and shoots the fleeing onlooker before holding the gun to Kickass’s head and pulling the trigger INT. KATIE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 98 Katie is on her bed sobbing.
69) 0) text: Ten Goons, armed to the teeth. Huge Goon talks into his c
69) 1) dialog: Just got an SMS. He’s on his way. INT. D’AMICO’S LIMO. NIGHT. 108 Frank's in the back on his cell, beside Joe.
73) 0) text: Our superheroes cough and splutter through the smoke. Wit moments, Chris has sprinted away, losing Dave. Dave enters the main open space, in which he eventually s the Huge Goon, lying on the floor, face down, out cold. Dave hoists the man’s arm over his shoulder and, with gre difficulty, begins to drag him towards the exit. As the g begins to slip, Dave gives a little tug on his arm. The m head tips back to reveal his face: his eyes are rolled ba in his head and his mouth has been cut nearly all the way the ear on both sides. Dave screams, drops him and runs.
76) 0) text: The same scene we saw: 10 armed goons. Huge Goon on his c
76) 1) dialog: Just got an SMS. He’s on his way. Suddenly, Damon - in Big Daddy costume - appears behind h holding a hunting knife, and slices his face open. A beat, then a full scale fight begins, Big Daddy versus gangsters. Within moments, most have been shot or cut. INT. GIGANTE’S HOUSE - FRONT ROOM. NIGHT. 120 Gigante, Frank and Chris watch the TV, stunned. Reflected their eyes, we see the screen, lit up now with flames.