1) 8) dialog: You watching Family Guy?
1) 10) dialog: Me neither. The sound dips and we return to Dave's V.O.
6) 0) text: A fanboy’s dream. Two storeys of comic books, toys and collectibles, with a coffee-shop concession. Dave is here with Todd and Marty, chatting and drinking frappucinos.
6) 4) dialog: That’s not a superhero, though. How is that super? Super is like, being stronger than everybody and flying and shit. That’s just hero.
6) 7) dialog: Yeah, but he had all expensive shit that doesn’t exist. I thought you meant, like how come no one does it in real life.
6) 12) dialog: M (shrugging) Yeah, I guess. leh.
6) 15) dialog: Maybe it’s the porn tape. He doesn’t have a porn tape.
6) 17) dialog: Holy shit, check out the wheels. He nods over to the storefront window. A huge black stret S-class MERCEDES has pulled up outside.
6) 19) dialog: Nah. He probably kept it. And has, like, both? A teenage boy climbs out - CHRIS D’AMICO, 17 and self- conscious. He shuffles in followed by a large BODY GUARD. Chris begins to browse a rack of comics, sneaking a look at Dave and his friends before looking hurriedly away.
6) 25) dialog: We should, like, talk to him. See if he wants to hang with us.
6) 27) dialog: It'd be awesome! Think about it: if he was our friend, no one would ever fuck with us again! Dave and Marty consider this. Marty nods over towards Chr
6) 29) dialog: Nuh-uh. Dave should go.
7) 0) text: Dave and Todd walk home, carrying their BAGS of new comic Then, from nowhere, TWO GANG KIDS block their path. The bigger kid holds out his hand matter-of-factly.
7) 2) dialog: Aw man, not again. 16 10. Dave hands over his phone and cash. Todd just gives cash.
7) 4) dialog: I don’t have one! Somebody else jacked it last week!
7) 6) dialog: It’s just comics.
15) 0) text: The limo pulls up outside the theatre. A few people line for tickets as a huge tide of others flood out. Among the an elated Dave, Todd and Marty - talking excitedly about movie they’ve just seen.
22) 0) text: Dave sits with Todd and Marty eating a plate of FISH, STE and BOILED EGGS. The guys don’t bat an eyelid. Marty poke eye holes in a piece of bread and wears it as a BANDIT MA INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 37 Dave poses in his costume, flexing his still-tiny pecs.
24) 0) text: At a junction, Dave wheels his bike beside Todd and Marty all carrying BAGS from the comic store. This is where the part company. Dave mounts up, waves goodbye and rides off He rides on, down the same shitty street we saw earlier. Nearby, two boys skulk by a car. The guys who mugged Dave Todd. One has a SCREWDRIVER. He looks up, stares at Dave.
38) 5) dialog: You're like fucking Jason Bourne or something! That owns! Marty does it again, harder.
51) 3) dialog: Hey, did you see “Pretty Fly for a Draenei”?
51) 5) dialog: Ah wait, did you see that thing with the superhero guy? From round here?
53) 15) dialog: Yeah, because, Katie Deauxma, she’s, like, the world’s biggest carebear?
53) 18) dialog: Really? What, like, actual rape, or he just felt her up and stuff?
54) 0) text: Dave walks to the store with Todd and Marty. He is mid-ra
54) 7) dialog: And, like, someone said when you went through the metal detector the other day they saw you turn in this really gay-looking personal taser?
54) 10) dialog: Yeah. And who knows, it might even get you laid. They've arrived at the comic store.
64) 0) text: Dave, Todd and Marty drink their coffees in the busy stor
64) 1) dialog: So how are things going with Katie?
66) 3) dialog: Pretty cool.
79) 0) text: Dave sits with Todd and Marty. Katie sits on Dave’s lap.
79) 1) dialog: Out of Kickass and Red Mist, who do you think would win in a fight?
91) 0) text: ..-It is playing on the TV in the comic store. Todd, Mart the other kids and store employees are crowded round in r anticipation. Many are logged onto the site on their phon