33) 6) text: The Real-Estate Lady glances with a smile at HOLLY DREYER five years old, wandering around in the next room.
33) 10) text: The Real-Estate Lady goes to be with Holly while Phil lea Julie into the living room.  On the way, Julie happens to notice that the creaking floorboard doesn't anymore.
37) 0) text: There's something shiny on the floor.  We HEAR them COMIN BACK in.  Holly appears, notices the shiny thing, comes t pick it up.
38) 0) text: Holly comes running out of the room.
38) 1) dialog: Mommy, Mommy, Mommy!
38) 3) dialog: (continuing) I found a cent!
40) 0) text: Holly shows the Real-Estate Lady the penny.
40) 1) dialog: Look at my coin!
40) 3) text: As if on cue, some birds alight on a sunny windowsill nearby and start chirping.  Julie is delighted, turning Holly to show her.
43) 1) dialog: Oh, gross!
68) 0) text: Julie sits on the bed, reading Holly a bedtime story.
68) 2) dialog: 'Who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf, the Big Bad Wolf...'
72) 8) text: Holly turns her head, deadpan, as she watches her Dad wal out of the kitchen.
73) 21) dialog: (in b.g.) MOM!
74) 4) dialog: Bye, Neil!
77) 0) text: Julie takes Holly inside with other small children and their parents.
83) 0) text: Family life.  Holly is playing with toys in the living ro with the dog.  Neil trails after his mother, who's moving back and forth from the kitchen to the dining room.
93) 0) text: Julie lifts Holly up into her lap, then engrossed in conversation doesn't pay attention when Holly climbs back down.
93) 4) text: His wife laughs and gives him a playful slap on the arm. Phil seems to be flirting with Rita.  Holly walks out of the room.
94) 0) text: Holly comes out from the room. She starts along toward... the door out to the pool that's been left wide open.
95) 0) text: Holly comes out.  She walks to the pool.  She walks to th edge and looks over the water, walks further on -- toward the deep end.  She crouches the there.  She picks up a leaf and tosses it in the pool and watches it float.  She reaches to bring it back but it's already floated too far out.  She reaches further, leaning over t deep water and -- SUDDENLY two big hands lunge at her bac -- as if to push her in -- but they grab her to stop her falling in, and lift her up in the air, running back to t house with her, pushing her inside and shutting the door with a definite CLICK behind her,
101) 0) text: The door from the attic stairway slowly opens.  The Hider carefully steps out.  He looks one way -- all clear -- looks the other -- and stops dead in his tracks. Holly is standing at the other end of the hall looking at him.  She rubs her eyes sleepily.  When she looks again, the Hider is gone. Holly turns around and walks to her parents' door where s knocks. Julie opens the door, looking down at Holly.
101) 2) dialog: I'm thirsty.
101) 4) text: She starts to lead Holly down the main stairs.
103) 0) text: Julie holds Holly's hand as they descend the dark stairs.
103) 2) dialog: A man scared me.
103) 4) dialog: Uh huh.
104) 6) text: Holly is drawing a picture.
105) 0) text: Phil cradles Holly on the couch.  She's crying.  The fami watch TV.
105) 2) dialog: Like our vacation?  Are we still going?
112) 0) text: Phil is about to hang up.  Holly sits at the kitchen tabl
145) 9) dialog: Mom!  Dad!  Mom!  Dad!  Come look, come and look, come and look!
146) 2) dialog: Look!
146) 4) dialog: (continuing) He was lying asleep at the back of the yard like it was home!
146) 6) dialog: Can we keep him, Mom, oh, can we? Can we keep him?
173) 3) text: Holly comes up to watch, too.
183) 0) text: POV of someone coming down the stairs slowly, toward the front door that stands half open, the SOUND of Phil's CAR DOOR SLAMMING out there. It's Neil.  Looking unhappy as children do at such moment He glances into the living room where Holly, too young to understand, is watching TV with the Killer Dog.  Neil loo forward again as he hears his DAD'S CAR DRIVING AWAY -- a his mother comes back inside.  She puts an arm around him
184) 2) dialog: Why are you mad at each other?
184) 4) dialog: Uh huh.
184) 6) dialog: Did Daddy tease you?
185) 0) text: The kids get in the back of Julie's car.  She helps Holly with her seatbelt, then shuts the door and goes to the front.  As she's about to get in, a CLANKING NOISE makes her jump.  She turns -- seeing the garbage cans of the Nasty Neighbor's house -- and then the Nasty Neighbor himself, standing up from behind one of them.  He looks a her.  She instantly looks away, getting into her oar.
189) 0) text: Driving away from the house -- when suddenly Holly bursts out crying.
189) 1) dialog: Daddy's gone where Rudolf went and isn't coming back!
189) 3) text: Holly has a plastic container of orange juice with a spil proof lid.  In her hysteria she flings it, the lid coming off, juice splashing all over Julie.
202) 0) text: Holly is playing with the Killer Dog.  Julie is reclining in a deck chair, talking to Rita on the phone.
202) 2) text: Neil climbs out of the swimming pool, notices something glistening in the grass not far away.  He goes toward it. Holly giggles as she twists the Killer Dog's face into various grotesque expressions.
202) 3) dialog: Look, Mommy, look at Edgar.
202) 4) text: Neil picks up -- the whistle. Holly pulls the Killer Dog's gums apart.
202) 5) dialog: (doing dog voice) "Hi. I'm Mr. Edgar!" (turns to Julie) Look, Mommy, it doesn't even hurt him.
202) 9) text: He puts it to his mouth.  Holly is spreading the Killer Dog's jaws playfully.  Neil's cheeks start to puff out as he blows.  Holly giggles.  Neil blows the whistle with al his might -- but nothing comes out but PHFFT.  The dent i it has ruined it.  Neil throws the whistle back down on t ground and goes to play with the dog, too.
226) 0) text: Julie and Neil go into Holly's room -- and the Hider dart out -- and into Neil's room as he hears JULIE COMING OUT again.
228) 0) text: Holly sits up in bed.  Neil shushes her, staying by her side protectively with his baseball bat.  Julie ushers th Killer Dog into the room with them and shuts the door, though not all the way so she can still watch and listen.
234) 0) text: The SAVAGE NOISES from downstairs continue.  Holly starts crying, Neil comforting her.
234) 1) dialog: Mommy!