0) 362) text: He strides to the window and sees Halfdan's ship. As he d so, Erik has to leap out of the way, inadvertently knocki a chest. The King spins round and addresses the chest.
0) 383) text: Erik is torn. He doesn't know whether to believe her or n Ivar's horn sounds for a third time. Erik races to the wi He looks out. Halfdan's ship is even closer.
0) 444) text: Suddenly Halfdan's ship rises up out of the water, and  revealing the secret of its hidden power. Under the water line is another line of oars! The Vikings are dumbfounded Ivar drops trembling to his knees. The rest go white. Tho draws his sword. Erik realizes his men are rapidly talkin themselves into a blue funk.
0) 491) text: Meanwhile the Vikings are growing increasingly uneasy as  they row towards Halfdan.
0) 494) text: At this point, back on the Black Ship, Halfdan gives anot nod and Eilif raps out yet another command with his staff This time the prow of the Black Ship opens up like a pair jaws. The Vikings see it and panic.
0) 497) text: Halfdan nods again and another order is rapped out. This  time a harpoon is fired from the prow. It thuds into GOLD DRAGON and two of Halfdan's dog-soldiers start to winch t line in. The two ships are hauled closer and closer. The Vikings panic even more. Erik holds up the Cloak Invi and grins round at his men, knowing he is going to surpri them.
0) 509) text: At this point Halfdan's ship suddenly bites into the side Golden Dragon. Erik leaps onto the side of Golden Dragon swings across onto Halfdan's ship. The Vikings react to t horror of Halfdan's ship biting into Golden Dragon and to Erik's blithe leap onto the enemy boat. Erik lands on the deck of Halfdan's ship, and grins at the ferocious skull- helmeted dog-soldiers.
0) 511) text: Two dog-soldiers look at each other, totally non-plussed. Erik grimaces at Halfdan's men, and does a little pirouet to show them all that he's invisible from every angle.
0) 513) text: He breaks into a little dance. Halfdan glares at his advi
0) 514) dialog: What's going on?
0) 516) dialog: Well, why isn't he scared of us?
0) 522) dialog: What's the matter? Haven't you seen  anyone fight before?
0) 525) dialog: KILL him!
0) 526) text: Erik, still thinking he's invisible, is running amongst t dog-soldiers, having fun. He runs one dog-soldier through and kicks another overboard, then he runs past a few more right up to Halfdan himself. He whisks the Cloak Invisibl off his head for an instant.
0) 528) text: Then he turns and is off. Halfdan turns to his aides.
0) 529) dialog: What?
0) 536) text: Halfdan grabs a sword off one of his dead dog-soldiers an thrusts it into the unwilling hands of his military advis Eilif.
0) 537) dialog: Fight, damn you! Fight!
0) 542) text: Keitel is thinking: "Maybe I should let Halfdan win" but knows he can't let a thing like that happen, now he is fa with the reality of it. The companionship of the voyage h brought them all too close for that.
0) 560) text: Sven's dad looks uneasy. He is surrounded and, as a seaso campaigner, knows they haven't much chance. Halfdan smile to himself. The battle is going his way. Thorfinn meanwhi is fighting two dog-soldiers but is attacked from behind a third.
0) 562) text: But it's too late. Thorfinn is run through the back. Sven goes berserk and kills all three dog-soldiers. Sven's dad looks on, proud of his son for the first time. Maybe thei relationship will never be the same again. Now Snorri sees something that cheers him up. Slaves are  coming up from below to join the battle. They are armed w oars and swords. They join the fray, knocking dog-soldier overboard with their oars. The dog-soldier are suddenly  outnumbered. Halfdan's smile fades, and he looks around f an escape route. The tide of battle has now turned  dramatically as dog-soldier after dog-soldier is tossed o the side or laid low by the combination of Vikings and sl Halfdan and Gisli slip into a lifeboat and sneak off. The rats are leaving the sinking ship.
0) 1007) text: Suddenly the joy drains from their faces and they each ga in horror. What is it they see? We cut to see that out of the huts the women and children and old men are emerging -- but they are anything but hap In fact they are all bound and gagged. Behind them emerge the sinister figures of Halfdan the Black, Gisli and mayb half a dozen armed men. Halfdan and his cronies no longer look sleek and self-assured. They are haggard and despera Their faces are streaked with dirt and sweat, and their  clothes are torn and soiled. They have clearly been going through a lean time, since Ragnarok ended, and have desce on the village for revenge and for whatever plunder they find. They have a few sackfuls of booty with them. They h the women, children and old men into a pathetic huddle in the middle of the village. Halfdan is spitting evil and  hatred.
0) 1008) dialog: Throw down your weapons -- or we  shoot the children first.
0) 1009) text: Erik hesitates... The others look at him. What choice hav they? Reluctantly, Erik throws his weapons into the pond. The others follow suit. Halfdan watches. His men stand ar him in a tight group with their backs to each other.
0) 1010) dialog: Good... Good... Right, now we'll  just shoot the children anyway...
0) 1011) text: Erik is paralyzed. What can they do? Half Halfdan's men a aiming their crossbows at Erik and his comrades, and half are aiming at the women and children. They raise the cros to shoot. Their fingers tighten on the triggers. Suddenly there is a scream from above.
0) 1013) text: Everyone looks up and, amazingly, out of the sky falls Go Dragon and lands fair and square on top of Halfdan and hi gang, squashing them flat. Harald Missionary staggers ble from the wreckage.