0) 11) dialog: Where?
0) 12) text: The Vikings all gaze up above them in awe. Harald looks f one to the other and then tries to follow their eyelines. clearly can't see it. Magic music fills the air. Suddenly the "sun" swoops off to one side and starts swaying from side to another.
0) 14) dialog: What are you looking at?
0) 19) dialog: What is it?
0) 21) dialog: (knowingly) Ah! THAT'S why I can't see it.
0) 24) text: Keitel nervously picks it up and holds it up for everyone see. It is a strand of sea-weed. The Vikings are non-plus They look back at their now jawless monster. Harald Missi picks up the sea-weed.
0) 25) dialog: Some dragon! Ooh!
0) 28) text: As... unbelievably... a huge monstrous visage looms out o the mist... It is a creature from the nethermost depths o the ocean... and the incandescent globe is no more than a sprouting on the end of its nose! More fire shoots out fr its nostrils and sends all the Vikings (and even Harald  Missionary) diving for the deck. Then the monstrous head  disappears back into the mist as quickly as it came, taki its light with it... The Vikings are paralyzed with fear for one brief moment.
0) 33) dialog: What's all the panic about?
0) 35) text: Harald gives a patronizing smile.
0) 36) dialog: Children afraid of the dark...
0) 75) dialog: Who is offering his bible to the petrifies Vikings in the prow.
0) 76) dialog: It's at time like this that you'll  find this book MOST useful, you  know...
0) 119) dialog: (hopelessly) Let's sing something!
0) 127) dialog: Isn't there ANYBODY who'd like to be  christened before we go down?
0) 129) dialog: It can't do you any HARM...
0) 131) dialog: Nothing... I just immerse you in  water...
0) 139) dialog: I do WISH you'd let me convert you.
0) 501) text: The Vikings look at him, rather puzzled. Only Harald seem to be impressed.
0) 502) dialog: How did he do that?
0) 504) dialog: Vanish into thin air?
0) 506) dialog: Well, where is he then?
0) 507) text: Harald looks around. He is the only one who can't see Eri
0) 586) dialog: I can't see him.
0) 589) dialog: Oh! There you are!
0) 678) text: Erik, Sven, Sven's dad and Harald struggle out of the Gre Hall, carrying their belongings and the Horn Resounding,  while the citizen is still speaking most articulately in  support of the King. They are ALMOST in a panic.
0) 705) text: But they go under again. At this point Erik, Sven, Sven's dad and Harald swim round the corner, pushing the Horn  Resounding. They see the figures disappearing under the w
0) 708) text: Erik, Sven and Co. swim as fast as they can to rescue the drowning pair. They struggle to overpower the panic-stric Loki, but he puts up a manic fight. Unexpectedly, Harald  Missionary suddenly unleashes a vicious right hook and la Loki out cold. There is a moment's stunned silence that i no unmingled with indignation.
0) 710) dialog: Well, it's what you're supposed to  do... isn't it?
0) 733) text: Harald Missionary has put his arm around Aud in a fatherl way.
0) 734) dialog: There, my child... it's at times  like this that this book can be a  great help...
0) 736) dialog: (with his usual  promptness) Right!
0) 765) text: She puts her lips to the mouthpiece and just touches it w them... almost a kiss... then... very gently... she begin to blow... a soft... slight note can just be heard... Aud takes her mouth away from the mouthpiece... and the soft  note goes on... reverberating... A sweet note... a magic  note... the Vikings stand stock-still, enchanted by the  sound... and the sound all the time is getting louder and the Horn begins to vibrate with the note. As the volume  increases the Golden Dragon itself begins to reverberate  with the sound. Rings of ripples begin to radiate out fro the boat across the calm water. The note grows louder and louder, and the Vikings, who at first were laughing and  cheering at Aud's success, begin to get rather alarmed. L and louder gets the note and the Horn shakes and the boat vibrates. Things start to be shaken loose, and fall onto deck. Ropes uncoil and run loose. A heavy block suddenly  crashes down to the deck, crowning Harald and laying him flat. Louder and louder grows the note, and the Vikings h to stop their ears for the pain. The water around the shi becomes more and more agitated. And then another sound is heard. It is the thunder of water in the distance like a  million distant waterfalls. And suddenly they notice the is running like a river -- all in one direction... sweepi the ship forward with incredible momentum. In no time the are engulfed in a mist, still traveling at a rate of knot Almost at once an appointed rock looms out of the mist ah of them. Erik flings himself at the steering oar, and eve is thrown about as the ship veers wildly and just misses rock, only to see another looming up ahead of them. The s veers again, as a third rock looms ahead. This time Sven grabbed a coil of rope, and as they pass the third rock, throws it like a lasso over the rock. Loki and Keitel lea to grab the rope just as the rope goes taut and the ship  comes to a lurching stop, anchored by the rope, but still swaying and buffeted in the racing waters. Those on board shout to each other, soaked to the skin. It is difficult make out what they are shouting.
0) 807) text: Harald sits up as he returns to consciousness.
0) 808) dialog: There IS no Edge of the World.
0) 829) text: Erik hesitates, then he decides to believe in Aud. He thr the rope away. At once the ship shoots off over the Edge the World into space... Everything seems to slow down, as the longship drops down and down... the ship twists slowl as it drops.... round and round. The Vikings gaze about t in wonder, as they find their ship if falling in silence  amongst the stars. Harald comes to once again.
0) 830) dialog: I'm still seeing stars.
0) 833) dialog: No! I was hit on the head.
0) 845) dialog: Where?
0) 847) dialog: Up WHERE?
0) 848) text: Harald look round quizzically at the others. It is clear  that he can see nothing.
0) 850) text: Harald looks around at the others.
0) 851) dialog: Hallucinations are real.
0) 852) text: It's no use; Harald can see nothing. The Vikings, transfi by the sight of their fabled home of the Gods, rise to th feet. Aud whispers to Erik.
0) 876) text: They follow. Even Harald Missionary starts to follow.
0) 877) dialog: Where are they all going?
0) 879) dialog: Oh... There's nothing for ME to be  afraid of.
0) 880) text: Harald smiles and sets off after the others. Aud follows. The stars have fallen to form a shining, winding pathway to the City of the Gods. This is what the Vikings head fo Between them and the Citadel strange huge forms rise up. Vikings approach and find the vast skeletons of the slain giants. The Vikings are but tiny gnat-sized figures wendi their way between the vast figures. They climb the stairway-path of stars, up the winding roa and eventually fins themselves outside the massive doors Asgaard.
0) 882) text: Sven turns on Harald.
0) 884) text: He pats the wall of Valhalla -- the Great Hall. Harald re out, but his hand goes right through the wall.
0) 885) dialog: There isn't anything.
0) 886) text: Harald Missionary walks straight through the wall and  disappears from sight. The Vikings gasp, and run up to fe the point where he disappeared. The door is perfectly sol to them, and they jump pout of their skins as Harald sudd reappears again.
0) 887) dialog: You're having me on, aren't you?
0) 904) dialog: Who is he talking to?
0) 927) text: Harald looks around at the Vikings in increasing desperat
0) 928) dialog: This is ridiculous.
0) 930) dialog: Right!
0) 937) dialog: Here we are standing on a bare  mountain top talking to thin air.
0) 938) text: We notice that Harald's cloak is being blown about as if were indeed on a bare mountain top. The other's cloaks ar still. Sven's dad is gazing across at one horribly mutila specimen.
0) 960) text: Aud looks round to see how the others react. It is as she had feared. Erik pales. The blood drains from the other's faces. Aud whispers something to Harald. Harald looks at blankly.
0) 962) dialog: But you're all imagining this...  whatever it is.
0) 964) text: Harald look around at the dumbfounded Vikings. Then he sh and wanders off, disappearing through the closed doors of Valhalla.
0) 996) dialog: (to himself) I want to go home... Oooh!
0) 997) text: Suddenly Golden Dragon, the Horn Resounding and Harald  Missionary shoot up into the air and disappear from sight
0) 1012) dialog: Look out below!
0) 1013) text: Everyone looks up and, amazingly, out of the sky falls Go Dragon and lands fair and square on top of Halfdan and hi gang, squashing them flat. Harald Missionary staggers ble from the wreckage.
0) 1015) text: She rushes to Harald, while the Vikings rush to release t loved ones. Great celebrations all round.