0) 30) text: They all scramble for the oars in a determined hysteria.  Ivar the drummer, in his panic, has set a ridiculously fa rate and nobody can keep up with it.
0) 32) dialog: (hoarsely) Sorry.
0) 39) text: Thorfinn starts trying to fish him out. Ivar has started panic and is beating the drum too fast.
0) 41) dialog: Sorry!
0) 46) text: Sven's dad slaps him around the face. There is another ro from the monster. Erik turns to Ivar.
0) 48) dialog: Make your mind up.
0) 93) text: But the blast has already catapulted the boat into the sk and it hurtles through the clouds. leaving the Dragon of North Sea far behind. They all look up at Erik and cheer. Shot of Erik. He doesn't look too happy. Neither does Ivar the Boneless, because he too has just  noticed that they are now flying and the ocean is several thousand feet below them. Ivar screams. The other all rus to the side to look too.
0) 117) dialog: Who are we fooling? It's hopeless!
0) 118) text: Ivar flings down the helmet with which he's been bailing. The others look at each other. They are reconciled to the fact that they are going to drown.
0) 126) dialog: I don't want to die!
0) 138) dialog: I'm too young! Oh Odin! Not me! Please  not me! Perhaps I'd rather drown...
0) 149) dialog: (he panics and turns) It's the Dragon again!
0) 151) text: Ivar has turned and is staring at something else.
0) 154) text: Ivar, meanwhile, is recovering from the amazement that ha immobilized him. He taps Erik on the shoulder. Erik turns and he, too, gasps.
0) 167) dialog: P... p... perhaps they've got weapons  we haven't even dreamed of...
0) 231) dialog: How do you DEFEND yourselves?
0) 287) text: Erik and the others smile reassuringly. There is a lot of coughing. The King raises his baton and then brings it down, humming to himself as he does so. Th is a most awful din; caterwauling, crashing and banging,  whining, screaming... The Vikings look at each other, trying to pick out some t but it's impossible. Ivar the Boneless can't stop himself bursting out into giggles and this eventually spreads to other Vikings. King Arnulf notices and bangs the throne f silence. Gradually the din stops. King Arnulf sinks down in despai
0) 334) text: Suddenly the note from Ivar's horn rings out across from bay. Erik rushes to the window and looks out to see what  Ivar saw previously: a black ship approaching on the hori
0) 360) text: Ivar's horn sounds again. A shadow passes over King Arnul face.
0) 383) text: Erik is torn. He doesn't know whether to believe her or n Ivar's horn sounds for a third time. Erik races to the wi He looks out. Halfdan's ship is even closer.
0) 431) dialog: (his throat dry) Sort of wobbly and excited?
0) 433) dialog: That's fear.
0) 436) dialog: That's it!
0) 443) dialog: (eagerly) I always feel like this!
0) 444) text: Suddenly Halfdan's ship rises up out of the water, and  revealing the secret of its hidden power. Under the water line is another line of oars! The Vikings are dumbfounded Ivar drops trembling to his knees. The rest go white. Tho draws his sword. Erik realizes his men are rapidly talkin themselves into a blue funk.
0) 476) dialog: That's it! AND you keep wanting to  go to the lavatory.
0) 485) text: Ivar starts to drum and the Vikings begin to row. Golden  Dragon heads out of the harbor.
0) 495) dialog: I've done it!
0) 548) text: Keitel grins and strikes out. Ivar turns on Eilif who has reluctantly joined the fray. Maybe he's singled Ivar out the most harmless. Ivar suddenly realizes he's only armed with drumsticks. Eilif smiles evilly.
0) 549) dialog: Ooh... er...
0) 550) text: Eilif's sword slices through Ivar's drumsticks. Ivar turn to run, but is stopped by a dog-soldier. Eilif takes the  opportunity to run him through from behind.
0) 551) dialog: (as he dies) Ouch.
0) 552) text: Erik sees Ivar's demise.
0) 935) text: Odin whistles. The other children look over their shoulde From out of the darkness of the perimeter of the Hall, sh emerge... shadows that, as they shuffle and stumble into light, reveal themselves to be the heroes that the Viking had expected to find in Valhalla. But they are not hale a hearty giants quaffing mead and reliving their great  battles... they are, in fact, a sorry lot... the slain-in battle still bearing the hideous deformities of their fat wounds. Most have a sword or an axe buried in some part o their anatomy. One has been cleft in twain... The Vikings react to this grisly gathering as more and mo of them emerge from the shadows. They gasp as they notice Snorri, Ivar, Thorfinn, Loki and Leif the Lucky.
0) 986) text: Meanwhile, Ivar and Thorfinn and Leif the Lucky have also leapt forward to save their comrades. They put up a fanta struggle but remorselessly they are all sucked down.
0) 991) text: And the rest -- including Aud -- soon follow. The mouth of the Pit of Hel, through which the Vikings ar now tumbling higgledy-piggledy, is a round white disc set the unutterable blackness of the pit. However, as the Vik free-fall slowly towards camera, they are lit up by a fai reddish glow from below. They are staring, wild-eyed and  screaming as they fall. As they fall, Erik manages to sma his axe into the side of the Pit. Thorfinn grabs his leg holds onto Sven's foot. Leif clutches at Sven's belt. Sve dad hangs onto Sven's foot. Ivar clutches Thorfinn's foot Erik clutches Ivar's leg and Aud clutches Erik's. They da like this for some seconds, and look fearfully beneath th Then they can see the Infernal Regions of flame and molte lava... somehow suggesting the face of a huge and siniste creature. No wonder they're scared out of their wits. Meanwhile, Odin and Thor appear at the top of the Pit and look down with mild amusement. Thor casually points his h and a streak of lightning zaps Erik's axe. It instantly g red hot. Erik screams. Suddenly we hear a new sound -- a  long, high, sweet note.
0) 1002) dialog: Oh! Who cares? We're HOME!
0) 1016) dialog: Look!