0) 24) text: Keitel nervously picks it up and holds it up for everyone see. It is a strand of sea-weed. The Vikings are non-plus They look back at their now jawless monster. Harald Missi picks up the sea-weed.
0) 77) text: Keitel takes the bible from him and hits him over the hea with it.
0) 78) dialog: Row! You idiot!
0) 101) dialog: I can't hold on! I can't hold on!
0) 102) text: Sven worms his way along the edge -- at great peril to hi and grabs Keitel's wrist just as his fingers slip.
0) 103) dialog: Aaagh!
0) 105) text: Keitel looks up in Sven's eyes. He is totally at Sven's m What thoughts are going through his mind? How is he going betray Sven in future if he is rescued? Guilt suddenly  overwhelms him.
0) 106) dialog: Let me go, Sven.
0) 108) dialog: I'm not worth risking your life for.
0) 110) dialog: For your own sake... For the others...  I...
0) 171) dialog: Well, what else do we do?
0) 230) dialog: (guiltily) How do you punish people?
0) 481) dialog: What is it?
0) 541) dialog: I... I...
0) 542) text: Keitel is thinking: "Maybe I should let Halfdan win" but knows he can't let a thing like that happen, now he is fa with the reality of it. The companionship of the voyage h brought them all too close for that.
0) 543) dialog: (under his breath) Hang the Blacksmith's Code!
0) 544) text: Keitel leaps to his feet and joins in the attack. Erik,  meanwhile, is swinging across the deck from a rope.
0) 546) text: Keitel and Thorfinn are now fighting side by side.
0) 548) text: Keitel grins and strikes out. Ivar turns on Eilif who has reluctantly joined the fray. Maybe he's singled Ivar out the most harmless. Ivar suddenly realizes he's only armed with drumsticks. Eilif smiles evilly.
0) 579) text: All eyes turn on Keitel who looks very uncomfortable.
0) 581) dialog: Well... I... I thought...
0) 582) text: Keitel is overcome by the power of Loki's will, but he is deeply ashamed of his complicity in Loki's deeds. Snorri  gazes at Keitel with growing suspicion.
0) 612) text: The King manhandles Erik away from his daughter. Perhaps have the feeling that she's isn't going to let Erik go as easily as that... Mix through to later that night. The Vi are lying asleep on the Great Hall, beside the Horn  Resounding. The camera closes in on Keitel. Suddenly a vo comes from the shadows:
0) 614) text: Keitel opens his eyes and finds Loki close beside him.
0) 616) text: Keitel is silent.
0) 618) dialog: How can we stops him now?
0) 621) text: Keitel frowns. Then an obvious thought limps across his  muscular mind.
0) 622) dialog: But why me? Why don't you do it?
0) 625) dialog: YOU do it!
0) 627) text: Keitel thinks. This is true.
0) 629) text: Loki presses the mouthpiece on Keitel. Keitel takes it, b reluctantly. Another Viking stirs.
0) 631) text: Keitel is about to reply and say he's been having second  thoughts about it, but somehow he can't. Loki has such po over him.
0) 632) dialog: I...
0) 635) text: Loki pretend to go back to sleep. Keitel (feeling a bit  lumbered) thinks about his task and hesitates... Who know Perhaps he is about to stand firm, but Loki plays his tru card.
0) 637) text: Keitel is caught. He closes his eyes in resignation and t reluctantly starts to make his way out of the Hall. As he gets to the doors he trips over Snorri, who wakes. The  mouthpiece falls a few feet away.
0) 639) dialog: It's me. I'm just going to water the  dragon... (he gives a false  laugh)
0) 643) text: Snorri pretends to go back to sleep, but he opens one eye and watches Keitel Blacksmith recover the mouthpiece, and then follows Keitel out. Loki gets up too. He follows to  keep an eye on Snorri.
0) 646) dialog: (to himself) My fellow blacksmiths.
0) 649) text: Keitel jumps out of his skin.
0) 650) dialog: What?
0) 652) dialog: Get away, Snorri.
0) 654) text: Snorri advances towards Keitel. Keitel backs away, danger near to the edge of the cliff. His boot slips and he jerk himself forward. At the same time Snorri makes a grab for the mouthpiece. A scuffle ensues, during which the mouthp of the Horn Resounding is dropped. It bounces off the cli and falls down to the shore below. Aud steps out of the s and picks it up. She frowns and looks up, and then scream as she sees the men fighting.
0) 656) text: But it's too late. Snorri goes white, gives a hideous gas and sinks slowly to his knees -- revealing Loki standing  behind him with a bloody knife. As Keitel and Loki watch  Snorri die, a drop of blood from the knife falls to the  ground. The moment it lands, there is a deep subterranean groan, and the earth begins to tremble violently. Keitel Loki look around in alarm.
0) 657) dialog: Oh Gods! What have we done?
0) 697) dialog: Relax!
0) 699) text: Loki grabs Keitel round the neck.
0) 700) dialog: Let go!
0) 701) text: But Keitel is pulled under. He re-emerges spluttering.
0) 702) dialog: Urrgh! Argh! Let go, you idiot!
0) 704) dialog: You'll drown us bo...
0) 706) dialog: Help!
0) 762) text: Aud crosses to the Horn and inserts the mouthpiece. Loki  glances at Keitel. He hadn't bargained for this!
0) 765) text: She puts her lips to the mouthpiece and just touches it w them... almost a kiss... then... very gently... she begin to blow... a soft... slight note can just be heard... Aud takes her mouth away from the mouthpiece... and the soft  note goes on... reverberating... A sweet note... a magic  note... the Vikings stand stock-still, enchanted by the  sound... and the sound all the time is getting louder and the Horn begins to vibrate with the note. As the volume  increases the Golden Dragon itself begins to reverberate  with the sound. Rings of ripples begin to radiate out fro the boat across the calm water. The note grows louder and louder, and the Vikings, who at first were laughing and  cheering at Aud's success, begin to get rather alarmed. L and louder gets the note and the Horn shakes and the boat vibrates. Things start to be shaken loose, and fall onto deck. Ropes uncoil and run loose. A heavy block suddenly  crashes down to the deck, crowning Harald and laying him flat. Louder and louder grows the note, and the Vikings h to stop their ears for the pain. The water around the shi becomes more and more agitated. And then another sound is heard. It is the thunder of water in the distance like a  million distant waterfalls. And suddenly they notice the is running like a river -- all in one direction... sweepi the ship forward with incredible momentum. In no time the are engulfed in a mist, still traveling at a rate of knot Almost at once an appointed rock looms out of the mist ah of them. Erik flings himself at the steering oar, and eve is thrown about as the ship veers wildly and just misses rock, only to see another looming up ahead of them. The s veers again, as a third rock looms ahead. This time Sven grabbed a coil of rope, and as they pass the third rock, throws it like a lasso over the rock. Loki and Keitel lea to grab the rope just as the rope goes taut and the ship  comes to a lurching stop, anchored by the rope, but still swaying and buffeted in the racing waters. Those on board shout to each other, soaked to the skin. It is difficult make out what they are shouting.
0) 771) dialog: She wants to take us over the Edge  of the World!
0) 776) dialog: (shouting) Don't you see, Erik! She wants  revenge!
0) 779) dialog: She knows it was our fault!
0) 781) dialog: No! It's YOU, Loki! I should never  have listened to you!
0) 784) dialog: We came to stop you waking the Gods,  Erik! But I didn't want anyone to  get hurt!
0) 786) text: Suddenly Loki produces his stiletto and leaps onto Keitel stabbing at him.
0) 788) dialog: Like you got rid of Snorri!
0) 796) text: Erik staggers back clutching his arm. Keitel gives a roar rage, and picks Loki up bodily and hurls him out of the b into the maelstrom. The other Vikings look on aghast. Kei turns on them.
0) 797) dialog: He killed Snorri! He caused the land  of Hy-Brasil to sink! SHE knew!
0) 799) dialog: Now she wants to send us over the  Edge of the World!
0) 803) text: Keitel shakes his head.
0) 809) text: Sven's dad bonks him again. Erik takes the rope and begin paying it out. With grim faces the Vikings turn and face  towards the roaring of the waters, as Erik edge the ship  further into the mist. The noise is deafening. It would b almost impossible to hear any voice above it. The faces of the Vikings betray their fear as they find  themselves emerging from out of the mist at the Edge of t World. They gape as they find themselves confronted by a  Waterfall of Seas -- stretching on either side of them -- far as the eye can see -- water falling and plunging over the lip of the world. And in front of them -- the blue sk continues on down and down until it shades into blackness strewn with stars beneath their feet... Sven, Sven's dad and Keitel edge to the prow and gasp.
0) 811) text: Erik lets out a little more rope, until the ship is protr over the edge. Sven, his dad and Keitel peer over the sid and stare down into the abyss. They gasp. From above we s the prow of Golden Dragon and the backs of the Vikings' h in plain view against a backdrop of stars below them.
0) 816) text: Erik turns to see Sven and Keitel trembling... They hold  onto the sides of the ship but their legs can barely supp them.
0) 819) text: Keitel start to laugh.
0) 820) dialog: Ha ha... I believed Loki... I believed  I had a duty to blacksmiths! Ha ha  ha!
0) 821) text: Keitel laughs a little hysterically. Aud turns urgently t Erik.
0) 831) text: Keitel looks round at him.
0) 832) dialog: We're ALL seeing stars.
0) 841) dialog: (whispering) Are we dead?
0) 875) dialog: You can't go without me!
0) 940) dialog: (disbelievingly) How can you tell?
0) 951) dialog: Made by YOU, Loki!
0) 953) dialog: It's not my business any more!