0) 95) text: Unfortunately they all rush to the same side and the boat tips over with far more instability than when it is in th water. Leif and Thangbrand are catapulted down into the s We watch them descend into tiny dots and tiny unheard spl below.
0) 935) text: Odin whistles. The other children look over their shoulde From out of the darkness of the perimeter of the Hall, sh emerge... shadows that, as they shuffle and stumble into light, reveal themselves to be the heroes that the Viking had expected to find in Valhalla. But they are not hale a hearty giants quaffing mead and reliving their great  battles... they are, in fact, a sorry lot... the slain-in battle still bearing the hideous deformities of their fat wounds. Most have a sword or an axe buried in some part o their anatomy. One has been cleft in twain... The Vikings react to this grisly gathering as more and mo of them emerge from the shadows. They gasp as they notice Snorri, Ivar, Thorfinn, Loki and Leif the Lucky.
0) 986) text: Meanwhile, Ivar and Thorfinn and Leif the Lucky have also leapt forward to save their comrades. They put up a fanta struggle but remorselessly they are all sucked down.
0) 991) text: And the rest -- including Aud -- soon follow. The mouth of the Pit of Hel, through which the Vikings ar now tumbling higgledy-piggledy, is a round white disc set the unutterable blackness of the pit. However, as the Vik free-fall slowly towards camera, they are lit up by a fai reddish glow from below. They are staring, wild-eyed and  screaming as they fall. As they fall, Erik manages to sma his axe into the side of the Pit. Thorfinn grabs his leg holds onto Sven's foot. Leif clutches at Sven's belt. Sve dad hangs onto Sven's foot. Ivar clutches Thorfinn's foot Erik clutches Ivar's leg and Aud clutches Erik's. They da like this for some seconds, and look fearfully beneath th Then they can see the Infernal Regions of flame and molte lava... somehow suggesting the face of a huge and siniste creature. No wonder they're scared out of their wits. Meanwhile, Odin and Thor appear at the top of the Pit and look down with mild amusement. Thor casually points his h and a streak of lightning zaps Erik's axe. It instantly g red hot. Erik screams. Suddenly we hear a new sound -- a  long, high, sweet note.
0) 1001) dialog: But who BLEW it?