0) 571) text: The dog-soldier pulls his mask off to reveal he is, in fa Loki. Erik is totally non-plussed.
0) 573) dialog: Halfdan wanted to stop you waking  the Gods... so... I disguised myself  to sabotage their plans.
0) 575) dialog: To save YOU, Erik.
0) 578) dialog: It was my master Keitel's idea.
0) 580) dialog: Wasn't it, Keitel?
0) 582) text: Keitel is overcome by the power of Loki's will, but he is deeply ashamed of his complicity in Loki's deeds. Snorri  gazes at Keitel with growing suspicion.
0) 584) dialog: What d'you mean?
0) 614) text: Keitel opens his eyes and finds Loki close beside him.
0) 615) dialog: What's the matter, Keitel Blacksmith?  Have you forgotten why you came on  this voyage?
0) 617) dialog: Are you going to let Erik wake the  Gods?
0) 619) text: Loki looks around and then opens his hand in front of Kei In it is the mouthpiece from the Horn Resounding.
0) 620) dialog: Take this and throw it from the cliff  heights. They'll never make the Horn  Resounding sound without it.
0) 624) dialog: Sh! Hurry!
0) 626) dialog: You'll be able to throw it further  than I could.
0) 628) dialog: It must go far out to sea.
0) 629) text: Loki presses the mouthpiece on Keitel. Keitel takes it, b reluctantly. Another Viking stirs.
0) 630) dialog: Surely you haven't forgotten the  Blacksmith's Oath?
0) 631) text: Keitel is about to reply and say he's been having second  thoughts about it, but somehow he can't. Loki has such po over him.
0) 633) text: Suddenly another Viking stirs, and Loki hisses at him.
0) 634) dialog: Hurry!
0) 635) text: Loki pretend to go back to sleep. Keitel (feeling a bit  lumbered) thinks about his task and hesitates... Who know Perhaps he is about to stand firm, but Loki plays his tru card.
0) 636) dialog: (without opening his  eyes) Or I might have to tell Erik why you  really came on this voyage.
0) 643) text: Snorri pretends to go back to sleep, but he opens one eye and watches Keitel Blacksmith recover the mouthpiece, and then follows Keitel out. Loki gets up too. He follows to  keep an eye on Snorri.
0) 656) text: But it's too late. Snorri goes white, gives a hideous gas and sinks slowly to his knees -- revealing Loki standing  behind him with a bloody knife. As Keitel and Loki watch  Snorri die, a drop of blood from the knife falls to the  ground. The moment it lands, there is a deep subterranean groan, and the earth begins to tremble violently. Keitel Loki look around in alarm.
0) 696) dialog: I can't swim! I can't swim!
0) 698) dialog: I'm drowning! Help!
0) 699) text: Loki grabs Keitel round the neck.
0) 703) dialog: Help!
0) 707) dialog: Help!
0) 708) text: Erik, Sven and Co. swim as fast as they can to rescue the drowning pair. They struggle to overpower the panic-stric Loki, but he puts up a manic fight. Unexpectedly, Harald  Missionary suddenly unleashes a vicious right hook and la Loki out cold. There is a moment's stunned silence that i no unmingled with indignation.
0) 762) text: Aud crosses to the Horn and inserts the mouthpiece. Loki  glances at Keitel. He hadn't bargained for this!
0) 763) dialog: Er... don't blow it! You never know  WHAT might happen...
0) 765) text: She puts her lips to the mouthpiece and just touches it w them... almost a kiss... then... very gently... she begin to blow... a soft... slight note can just be heard... Aud takes her mouth away from the mouthpiece... and the soft  note goes on... reverberating... A sweet note... a magic  note... the Vikings stand stock-still, enchanted by the  sound... and the sound all the time is getting louder and the Horn begins to vibrate with the note. As the volume  increases the Golden Dragon itself begins to reverberate  with the sound. Rings of ripples begin to radiate out fro the boat across the calm water. The note grows louder and louder, and the Vikings, who at first were laughing and  cheering at Aud's success, begin to get rather alarmed. L and louder gets the note and the Horn shakes and the boat vibrates. Things start to be shaken loose, and fall onto deck. Ropes uncoil and run loose. A heavy block suddenly  crashes down to the deck, crowning Harald and laying him flat. Louder and louder grows the note, and the Vikings h to stop their ears for the pain. The water around the shi becomes more and more agitated. And then another sound is heard. It is the thunder of water in the distance like a  million distant waterfalls. And suddenly they notice the is running like a river -- all in one direction... sweepi the ship forward with incredible momentum. In no time the are engulfed in a mist, still traveling at a rate of knot Almost at once an appointed rock looms out of the mist ah of them. Erik flings himself at the steering oar, and eve is thrown about as the ship veers wildly and just misses rock, only to see another looming up ahead of them. The s veers again, as a third rock looms ahead. This time Sven grabbed a coil of rope, and as they pass the third rock, throws it like a lasso over the rock. Loki and Keitel lea to grab the rope just as the rope goes taut and the ship  comes to a lurching stop, anchored by the rope, but still swaying and buffeted in the racing waters. Those on board shout to each other, soaked to the skin. It is difficult make out what they are shouting.
0) 766) dialog: Help!
0) 768) dialog: What d'you think? Help! Somebody  help us!
0) 770) dialog: (pointing at Aud) She wants to kill us!
0) 773) dialog: How do we know this is the way?
0) 775) dialog: (screaming and pointing  an accusing finger  at Aud) SHE blew the Horn Resounding.
0) 778) dialog: (to Keitel) Shut up!
0) 780) dialog: Keep your mouth shut, Keitel!
0) 782) text: Loki looks around desperately.
0) 783) dialog: You've lost your mind.
0) 785) dialog: You fool!
0) 786) text: Suddenly Loki produces his stiletto and leaps onto Keitel stabbing at him.
0) 787) dialog: I should have got rid of you long  ago!
0) 794) text: Then it is Aud once more. But in that split second Loki h stabbed Erik.
0) 796) text: Erik staggers back clutching his arm. Keitel gives a roar rage, and picks Loki up bodily and hurls him out of the b into the maelstrom. The other Vikings look on aghast. Kei turns on them.
0) 935) text: Odin whistles. The other children look over their shoulde From out of the darkness of the perimeter of the Hall, sh emerge... shadows that, as they shuffle and stumble into light, reveal themselves to be the heroes that the Viking had expected to find in Valhalla. But they are not hale a hearty giants quaffing mead and reliving their great  battles... they are, in fact, a sorry lot... the slain-in battle still bearing the hideous deformities of their fat wounds. Most have a sword or an axe buried in some part o their anatomy. One has been cleft in twain... The Vikings react to this grisly gathering as more and mo of them emerge from the shadows. They gasp as they notice Snorri, Ivar, Thorfinn, Loki and Leif the Lucky.
0) 950) dialog: What right have YOU to try and stop  men fighting, Erik the Viking? There  is glory in battle. There are riches  to be made and won...
0) 952) dialog: By YOU -- Keitel Blacksmith! Don't  you know, Erik, that is why he went  with you? Ragnarok was good for his  business...