0) 915) text: Odin leaves his game and saunters towards Erik.
0) 917) text: The child whom Odin is playing with points his hammer at ground near Erik and a lightning bolt zaps into it. Erik  jumps.
0) 919) dialog: No, wait, Thor.
0) 921) dialog: We don't HAVE to help anybody.
0) 923) dialog: Why should WE care?
0) 925) dialog: So?
0) 931) text: The other Child-Gods have stopped playing around now and watching Erik and Odin.
0) 932) dialog: Erik the Viking! The things you seek  are not in our power. We don't make  men love each other or hate each  other.
0) 934) dialog: Look... Erik...
0) 935) text: Odin whistles. The other children look over their shoulde From out of the darkness of the perimeter of the Hall, sh emerge... shadows that, as they shuffle and stumble into light, reveal themselves to be the heroes that the Viking had expected to find in Valhalla. But they are not hale a hearty giants quaffing mead and reliving their great  battles... they are, in fact, a sorry lot... the slain-in battle still bearing the hideous deformities of their fat wounds. Most have a sword or an axe buried in some part o their anatomy. One has been cleft in twain... The Vikings react to this grisly gathering as more and mo of them emerge from the shadows. They gasp as they notice Snorri, Ivar, Thorfinn, Loki and Leif the Lucky.
0) 954) text: Suddenly there is a howl... a bitter howl that echoes abo and around the Halls of Asgaard and that gets more distan and more distant. Everyone (including the dead heroes and the Gods) freezes and looks up, listening. Perhaps we cut away to the boiling sky as it resolves itself into the sh of a wolf that snarls and slinks away. Odin turns to Erik the howling recedes.
0) 955) dialog: Fenrir the Wolf has gone, Erik. But  will men cease fighting each other?  THAT is not in our power...
0) 956) text: Odin starts to laugh. All the other children start to lau so do the dead heroes. Erik and his men look round uneasi
0) 959) dialog: Return? You have set your foot in  the Halls of Asgaard, Erik. You cannot  return.
0) 966) text: As he says this Erik's eyes turn again towards Helga. He clearly thinking at least there are compensations... Odin however, is laughing again.
0) 967) dialog: Stay HERE? Ha ha! This is Valhalla.  This is reserved for those slain-in- battle.
0) 971) dialog: For YOU there is only the Pit of  Hel!
0) 972) text: As Odin says this there is a roaring sound and the flames and smoke are suddenly reversed and as the roaring increa the flames are sucked down altogether to reveal the black Pit of Hel itself. And now the Pit is sucking the Vikings into it... their hair blows... they try to withstand the  force that is drawing them towards the abyss... The Gods  look on in some amusement. But some of the dead are conce
0) 991) text: And the rest -- including Aud -- soon follow. The mouth of the Pit of Hel, through which the Vikings ar now tumbling higgledy-piggledy, is a round white disc set the unutterable blackness of the pit. However, as the Vik free-fall slowly towards camera, they are lit up by a fai reddish glow from below. They are staring, wild-eyed and  screaming as they fall. As they fall, Erik manages to sma his axe into the side of the Pit. Thorfinn grabs his leg holds onto Sven's foot. Leif clutches at Sven's belt. Sve dad hangs onto Sven's foot. Ivar clutches Thorfinn's foot Erik clutches Ivar's leg and Aud clutches Erik's. They da like this for some seconds, and look fearfully beneath th Then they can see the Infernal Regions of flame and molte lava... somehow suggesting the face of a huge and siniste creature. No wonder they're scared out of their wits. Meanwhile, Odin and Thor appear at the top of the Pit and look down with mild amusement. Thor casually points his h and a streak of lightning zaps Erik's axe. It instantly g red hot. Erik screams. Suddenly we hear a new sound -- a  long, high, sweet note.