0) 27) dialog: Look out!
0) 42) dialog: (his eyes showing  their whites) We're being attacked! KILL! Kill!  Kill!
0) 44) dialog: I must KILL! Kill!
0) 46) text: Sven's dad slaps him around the face. There is another ro from the monster. Erik turns to Ivar.
0) 51) text: The Dragon's jaws open. Flame licks out, and down the cen of the vessel. There are screams as the Vikings leap out the way. Sven goes berserk again.
0) 52) dialog: KILL! KILL!
0) 56) dialog: DEATH!
0) 66) text: Sven's dad is desperately holding Sven back.
0) 68) dialog: DEATH TO DRAGONS!
0) 71) text: Erik has reached the top of the mast and is now right up  with the incandescent globe on the end of the long stalk  that grows onto the monster's nose. He grabs hold of it a swings across onto the monster's nose. At his moment Sven breaks free of his dad and throws himself onto one of the Dragon's teeth.
0) 72) dialog: Red mist!
0) 73) text: He bangs his head against the monstrous denture. Sven's d looks heavenward in despair.
0) 85) text: Meanwhile the Dragon's tongue suddenly licks out around i tooth. Sven instantly slices through it with his sword. T bright blood spurts, like bursting a sausage. The Dragon  gives an agonized roar and a sharp intake of breath. The  feathers that have leaked out from the pillow are instant sucked inside and the whole pillow disappears right up th Dragon's nose. For a moment everyone holds their breath. The Dragon's ey dilate wildly. Then it wrinkles its snout. Then it starts what is unmistakably a sneeze.
0) 100) text: Poor Erik is still up the mast but has been dislodged and now hanging on by his hands, dangling over the open sea.  Some of the men -- Thorfinn and Sven the Berserk amongst  them -- are hauling themselves up the almost vertical slo of the deck, trying to redress the balance. Meanwhile Kei Blacksmith is dangling by one hand.
0) 102) text: Sven worms his way along the edge -- at great peril to hi and grabs Keitel's wrist just as his fingers slip.
0) 104) dialog: Got you!
0) 105) text: Keitel looks up in Sven's eyes. He is totally at Sven's m What thoughts are going through his mind? How is he going betray Sven in future if he is rescued? Guilt suddenly  overwhelms him.
0) 107) dialog: What are you talking about?
0) 109) dialog: I've got you, Keitel Blacksmith. If  you go... I go too...
0) 111) dialog: Hang on...
0) 124) dialog: Shut up.
0) 162) text: Sven kneels quietly beside the girl. She stirs. Sven free The others look around fearfully.
0) 163) dialog: (whispers) She hasn't got any.
0) 173) dialog: (with disgust) "FRIENDS"?
0) 177) dialog: We can make "friends" at home...
0) 188) dialog: Hy-Brasil?
0) 235) dialog: ALL the time?
0) 257) dialog: Well, of course he is!
0) 259) text: They restrain Sven.
0) 434) dialog: But Thorfinn doesn't know the meaning  of fear.
0) 442) dialog: (deadly serious) Yes... I can feel it.
0) 532) dialog: I'm just building up to it, Dad.
0) 533) text: Sven starts banging his head on the side of the boat.
0) 554) text: Erik leaps to take revenge. He jumps into the galley-pit out again a la Douglas Fairbanks in "The Thief of Baghdad and dispatches Eilif with a single thrust. Sven and his d are fighting surrounded by dog-soldiers.
0) 556) dialog: GIVE US A CHANCE, Dad!
0) 560) text: Sven's dad looks uneasy. He is surrounded and, as a seaso campaigner, knows they haven't much chance. Halfdan smile to himself. The battle is going his way. Thorfinn meanwhi is fighting two dog-soldiers but is attacked from behind a third.
0) 561) dialog: Look out! Thorfinn!
0) 562) text: But it's too late. Thorfinn is run through the back. Sven goes berserk and kills all three dog-soldiers. Sven's dad looks on, proud of his son for the first time. Maybe thei relationship will never be the same again. Now Snorri sees something that cheers him up. Slaves are  coming up from below to join the battle. They are armed w oars and swords. They join the fray, knocking dog-soldier overboard with their oars. The dog-soldier are suddenly  outnumbered. Halfdan's smile fades, and he looks around f an escape route. The tide of battle has now turned  dramatically as dog-soldier after dog-soldier is tossed o the side or laid low by the combination of Vikings and sl Halfdan and Gisli slip into a lifeboat and sneak off. The rats are leaving the sinking ship.
0) 564) dialog: Thorfinn! You can't die!
0) 566) dialog: You'll see my grandfather in Valhalla!
0) 568) dialog: Tell him I'm coming!
0) 569) text: Thorfinn dies. Sven holds him and a tear comes down his f The danger has made comrades of the two rivals. Erik, however, is still fighting a last lone dog-soldier; but just as he is about to run him through the dog-soldie is stabbed in the back. He sinks to the floor, revealing  another dog-soldier. Erik is outraged by this act of trea and turns on the assassin.
0) 678) text: Erik, Sven, Sven's dad and Harald struggle out of the Gre Hall, carrying their belongings and the Horn Resounding,  while the citizen is still speaking most articulately in  support of the King. They are ALMOST in a panic.
0) 705) text: But they go under again. At this point Erik, Sven, Sven's dad and Harald swim round the corner, pushing the Horn  Resounding. They see the figures disappearing under the w
0) 708) text: Erik, Sven and Co. swim as fast as they can to rescue the drowning pair. They struggle to overpower the panic-stric Loki, but he puts up a manic fight. Unexpectedly, Harald  Missionary suddenly unleashes a vicious right hook and la Loki out cold. There is a moment's stunned silence that i no unmingled with indignation.
0) 709) dialog: (with hurt surprise) You hit him!
0) 728) dialog: Yeah. Leave 'em alone.
0) 742) dialog: (nervously and with  awe in his voice) Over the Edge of the World.
0) 746) dialog: (not unkindly in his  manner) Uh! Here! Give it to me!
0) 747) text: Sven pushes Erik aside. Sven blow... he becomes redder an redder. But all he produces is a splutter. He gets a bit  angry.
0) 748) dialog: Thor's blood!
0) 749) text: Sven's dad looks heavenwards.
0) 751) text: Sven's dad tries to take it over.
0) 752) dialog: No! I'm doing it!
0) 754) dialog: (getting angry) You're always telling me... TELLING  me!
0) 757) dialog: (to his dad) Let me do something for myself for a  change!
0) 760) text: Sven and his dad stop fighting, surprised by the vehement her voice.
0) 765) text: She puts her lips to the mouthpiece and just touches it w them... almost a kiss... then... very gently... she begin to blow... a soft... slight note can just be heard... Aud takes her mouth away from the mouthpiece... and the soft  note goes on... reverberating... A sweet note... a magic  note... the Vikings stand stock-still, enchanted by the  sound... and the sound all the time is getting louder and the Horn begins to vibrate with the note. As the volume  increases the Golden Dragon itself begins to reverberate  with the sound. Rings of ripples begin to radiate out fro the boat across the calm water. The note grows louder and louder, and the Vikings, who at first were laughing and  cheering at Aud's success, begin to get rather alarmed. L and louder gets the note and the Horn shakes and the boat vibrates. Things start to be shaken loose, and fall onto deck. Ropes uncoil and run loose. A heavy block suddenly  crashes down to the deck, crowning Harald and laying him flat. Louder and louder grows the note, and the Vikings h to stop their ears for the pain. The water around the shi becomes more and more agitated. And then another sound is heard. It is the thunder of water in the distance like a  million distant waterfalls. And suddenly they notice the is running like a river -- all in one direction... sweepi the ship forward with incredible momentum. In no time the are engulfed in a mist, still traveling at a rate of knot Almost at once an appointed rock looms out of the mist ah of them. Erik flings himself at the steering oar, and eve is thrown about as the ship veers wildly and just misses rock, only to see another looming up ahead of them. The s veers again, as a third rock looms ahead. This time Sven grabbed a coil of rope, and as they pass the third rock, throws it like a lasso over the rock. Loki and Keitel lea to grab the rope just as the rope goes taut and the ship  comes to a lurching stop, anchored by the rope, but still swaying and buffeted in the racing waters. Those on board shout to each other, soaked to the skin. It is difficult make out what they are shouting.
0) 769) dialog: Shut up!
0) 805) text: Sven shakes his head.
0) 809) text: Sven's dad bonks him again. Erik takes the rope and begin paying it out. With grim faces the Vikings turn and face  towards the roaring of the waters, as Erik edge the ship  further into the mist. The noise is deafening. It would b almost impossible to hear any voice above it. The faces of the Vikings betray their fear as they find  themselves emerging from out of the mist at the Edge of t World. They gape as they find themselves confronted by a  Waterfall of Seas -- stretching on either side of them -- far as the eye can see -- water falling and plunging over the lip of the world. And in front of them -- the blue sk continues on down and down until it shades into blackness strewn with stars beneath their feet... Sven, Sven's dad and Keitel edge to the prow and gasp.
0) 811) text: Erik lets out a little more rope, until the ship is protr over the edge. Sven, his dad and Keitel peer over the sid and stare down into the abyss. They gasp. From above we s the prow of Golden Dragon and the backs of the Vikings' h in plain view against a backdrop of stars below them.
0) 816) text: Erik turns to see Sven and Keitel trembling... They hold  onto the sides of the ship but their legs can barely supp them.
0) 817) dialog: There is nothing we can do...
0) 865) dialog: I came to find my grandfather.
0) 873) text: Aud kisses Erik, who then turns and climbs out of Golden  Dragon and sets off across the ice. Sven follows.
0) 882) text: Sven turns on Harald.
0) 883) dialog: There! It's real! It's solid! Now do  you believe us?
0) 938) text: We notice that Harald's cloak is being blown about as if were indeed on a bare mountain top. The other's cloaks ar still. Sven's dad is gazing across at one horribly mutila specimen.
0) 942) text: Sven reacts. Sven's dad starts to go berserk.
0) 944) dialog: Easy, Dad!
0) 946) dialog: Dad!
0) 948) text: Sven's dad collapses against Sven and Sven comforts him,  understandingly. A figure emerges from the throng of dead It is Thorfinn. Sven looks up at him.
0) 975) dialog: Dad! Grandfather!
0) 976) text: Sven tries to reconcile his father and grandfather, but i no use. He is sucked towards the Pit.
0) 991) text: And the rest -- including Aud -- soon follow. The mouth of the Pit of Hel, through which the Vikings ar now tumbling higgledy-piggledy, is a round white disc set the unutterable blackness of the pit. However, as the Vik free-fall slowly towards camera, they are lit up by a fai reddish glow from below. They are staring, wild-eyed and  screaming as they fall. As they fall, Erik manages to sma his axe into the side of the Pit. Thorfinn grabs his leg holds onto Sven's foot. Leif clutches at Sven's belt. Sve dad hangs onto Sven's foot. Ivar clutches Thorfinn's foot Erik clutches Ivar's leg and Aud clutches Erik's. They da like this for some seconds, and look fearfully beneath th Then they can see the Infernal Regions of flame and molte lava... somehow suggesting the face of a huge and siniste creature. No wonder they're scared out of their wits. Meanwhile, Odin and Thor appear at the top of the Pit and look down with mild amusement. Thor casually points his h and a streak of lightning zaps Erik's axe. It instantly g red hot. Erik screams. Suddenly we hear a new sound -- a  long, high, sweet note.
0) 1004) dialog: We're back!
0) 1005) text: Sven embraces his father and dances him around with joy.
0) 1017) text: They all turn and see the sun rising. The villagers gasp wonder. They've never seen the sun before. Erik looks aro and sees Thorfinn and Sven with their arms round each oth Aud looks up as Erik smiles at he and holds her to him. T they all turn and gaze at the spectacle of the sun return to the world.