0) 38) dialog: Man over board!
0) 39) text: Thorfinn starts trying to fish him out. Ivar has started panic and is beating the drum too fast.
0) 62) dialog: Erik! Row! What are you doing?
0) 81) text: Thorfinn frowns -- he has a glimmering of an idea of what Erik is doing. Erik now plunges his sword through the pil in the Dragon's nostril, and feathers immediately fly int the air.
0) 96) dialog: Who was that?
0) 100) text: Poor Erik is still up the mast but has been dislodged and now hanging on by his hands, dangling over the open sea.  Some of the men -- Thorfinn and Sven the Berserk amongst  them -- are hauling themselves up the almost vertical slo of the deck, trying to redress the balance. Meanwhile Kei Blacksmith is dangling by one hand.
0) 125) dialog: (raising his sword) Erik's right! We'll all meet in  Valhalla.
0) 132) dialog: Get lost...
0) 135) text: Water starts to pour over the sides of the boat. Erik and Thorfinn raise their swords to each other.
0) 136) dialog: Till we meet in Valhalla.
0) 140) text: Then Erik pauses in his attempt to kill Thorfinn and look around. The ship has sunk, but the prow and the stern pos are still sticking up out of the water, and the Vikings  themselves are only up to their chests.
0) 142) dialog: Very deep... usually...
0) 148) dialog: What is it?
0) 158) text: The Vikings wade ashore, enchanted by the paradise they s before them. All at once Thorfinn spies something. He dra his sword and they all approach with caution to find that under a weeping willow tree lies the most beautiful girl. She is raven-haired, scantily dressed and fast asleep. Th Vikings approach her with trepidation, their swords and a drawn. They glance around uneasily.
0) 160) dialog: It's disgusting.
0) 166) dialog: What kind of place IS this?
0) 169) dialog: Let's hack her to pieces.
0) 176) dialog: You don't go through all the hardships  of an ocean voyage to make "friends".
0) 203) dialog: Why?
0) 217) dialog: That's terrible!
0) 220) dialog: You mean... you can't kill ANYBODY?
0) 223) dialog: What? Not being able to kill anybody?
0) 229) dialog: But how d'you take revenge?
0) 416) text: The horn sounds again. Erik is about to argue this point  when Thorfinn suddenly bursts in.
0) 417) dialog: Erik!
0) 421) dialog: Halfdan the Black's here!
0) 423) dialog: (to the King) He wants to KILL us.
0) 429) dialog: I feel strange.
0) 430) text: Erik looks at Thorfinn, shocked.
0) 432) dialog: Sort of...
0) 435) dialog: Is it sort of... like a sinking  feeling in your stomach?
0) 438) dialog: I know. I know.
0) 446) dialog: (turning on him angrily) Don't you FEEL it?
0) 475) dialog: And a sort of slightly sick feeling?
0) 477) dialog: Oh, yes! I hadn't noticed that!
0) 484) dialog: D'you think I've got time to go behind  that bush?
0) 496) dialog: Oh, yes... (he has too!)
0) 535) dialog: No! The fear's gone!
0) 546) text: Keitel and Thorfinn are now fighting side by side.
0) 547) dialog: This is life, eh?
0) 560) text: Sven's dad looks uneasy. He is surrounded and, as a seaso campaigner, knows they haven't much chance. Halfdan smile to himself. The battle is going his way. Thorfinn meanwhi is fighting two dog-soldiers but is attacked from behind a third.
0) 562) text: But it's too late. Thorfinn is run through the back. Sven goes berserk and kills all three dog-soldiers. Sven's dad looks on, proud of his son for the first time. Maybe thei relationship will never be the same again. Now Snorri sees something that cheers him up. Slaves are  coming up from below to join the battle. They are armed w oars and swords. They join the fray, knocking dog-soldier overboard with their oars. The dog-soldier are suddenly  outnumbered. Halfdan's smile fades, and he looks around f an escape route. The tide of battle has now turned  dramatically as dog-soldier after dog-soldier is tossed o the side or laid low by the combination of Vikings and sl Halfdan and Gisli slip into a lifeboat and sneak off. The rats are leaving the sinking ship.
0) 565) dialog: I'm not frightened... of anything...
0) 567) dialog: (dying) No... he's not... not... there...
0) 569) text: Thorfinn dies. Sven holds him and a tear comes down his f The danger has made comrades of the two rivals. Erik, however, is still fighting a last lone dog-soldier; but just as he is about to run him through the dog-soldie is stabbed in the back. He sinks to the floor, revealing  another dog-soldier. Erik is outraged by this act of trea and turns on the assassin.
0) 935) text: Odin whistles. The other children look over their shoulde From out of the darkness of the perimeter of the Hall, sh emerge... shadows that, as they shuffle and stumble into light, reveal themselves to be the heroes that the Viking had expected to find in Valhalla. But they are not hale a hearty giants quaffing mead and reliving their great  battles... they are, in fact, a sorry lot... the slain-in battle still bearing the hideous deformities of their fat wounds. Most have a sword or an axe buried in some part o their anatomy. One has been cleft in twain... The Vikings react to this grisly gathering as more and mo of them emerge from the shadows. They gasp as they notice Snorri, Ivar, Thorfinn, Loki and Leif the Lucky.
0) 948) text: Sven's dad collapses against Sven and Sven comforts him,  understandingly. A figure emerges from the throng of dead It is Thorfinn. Sven looks up at him.
0) 949) dialog: You won, Sven.
0) 986) text: Meanwhile, Ivar and Thorfinn and Leif the Lucky have also leapt forward to save their comrades. They put up a fanta struggle but remorselessly they are all sucked down.
0) 991) text: And the rest -- including Aud -- soon follow. The mouth of the Pit of Hel, through which the Vikings ar now tumbling higgledy-piggledy, is a round white disc set the unutterable blackness of the pit. However, as the Vik free-fall slowly towards camera, they are lit up by a fai reddish glow from below. They are staring, wild-eyed and  screaming as they fall. As they fall, Erik manages to sma his axe into the side of the Pit. Thorfinn grabs his leg holds onto Sven's foot. Leif clutches at Sven's belt. Sve dad hangs onto Sven's foot. Ivar clutches Thorfinn's foot Erik clutches Ivar's leg and Aud clutches Erik's. They da like this for some seconds, and look fearfully beneath th Then they can see the Infernal Regions of flame and molte lava... somehow suggesting the face of a huge and siniste creature. No wonder they're scared out of their wits. Meanwhile, Odin and Thor appear at the top of the Pit and look down with mild amusement. Thor casually points his h and a streak of lightning zaps Erik's axe. It instantly g red hot. Erik screams. Suddenly we hear a new sound -- a  long, high, sweet note.
0) 1003) dialog: Mum! Dad!
0) 1017) text: They all turn and see the sun rising. The villagers gasp wonder. They've never seen the sun before. Erik looks aro and sees Thorfinn and Sven with their arms round each oth Aud looks up as Erik smiles at he and holds her to him. T they all turn and gaze at the spectacle of the sun return to the world.