6) 5) dialog: She must be destroyed. Let me convene the knights.
94) 5) dialog: (to Christine) Prepare yourself. Christine fights her bonds.
94) 7) dialog: If mankind is to be saved, we must , prevent the union from taking place. She must be sacrificed before the altar of our Lord.
97) 0) text: Pour Knights each hold down one of Christine's limbs. One knight restrains Father Murphy, while the Cardinal dips t Gagger in the holy water. He holds the dagger over Christine's breast. She struggles, tossing and turning against her captors. The gathered refugees in the church cower away. On the DAIS - We see the manuscript from the opening scen The Cardinal reads from the Latin text.
97) 1) dialog: In taking life, we restore life, in sacrificing cur souls we save souls. Fallen Angel, Lord of Darkness. Get thee behind me: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and him only shall thouv serve. . = He raises the dagger. . 74. OLD CARDINAL (cont'd) May God forgive us.
97) 4) dialog: Are you her protector?
97) 6) dialog: You have already failed. From beneath their cloaks, the Knights level their automa weapons at Jericho. Jericho dives for cover as the Knight open fire. Bullets chew up the wooden pews.
97) 10) dialog: If she is slain, his hope of creating a kingdom of hell on earth will die with her. .
97) 12) dialog: It is God's will.
97) 14) dialog: He cannot be defeated. It's the only way to win. OLD CARDINAL (cont'd) Yor a thousand years we have sworn ourselves to this. We aren't afraid to eo.
97) 17) dialog: God help us. We're too late. The O14 Cardinal crosses himself. 7s. The front door of the church blows open. Outside a tempes —,
97) 24) dialog: Protect the girl! The CHURCH shakes violently, collapsing. Jericho grabs Christine and pulls her toward the back door. The Command turn their weapons on the Man.
99) 0) text: Gothic. stones bleed, pews burn. Jericho pulls Christine through the church. They see the Man hovering over the , cowering Cardinal.