11) 0) text: The motorcade pulls to a halt between crowds of people. .JERICHO and CHICAGO spring from the first limo and cross the door of the second. The rest of the security continge take up point positions, all eyes scanning the crowd.
13) 1) dialog: Oh, shit. Chicago crouches and fingers the bullet holes in Jericho' jacket. . CHICAGO (cont'd) How many times have I told you not to * wear your good suits to work. Jericho stirs. Chicago helps him to his feet. Jericho pulls off his jacket. Beneath it... A Kevlar vest with four bullets imbedded in its surface.
13) 3) dialog: Cornered on the rooftop.
15) 0) text: Jericho and Chicago look out the side window, down at the Shooter. The Sheoter swings his rifle toward them and FIR The glass on the WINDOW EXPLODES as it's hit by a round. Jericho and Chicago pull out their sidearms, lean out the broken window and FIRE at the shooter. The Shooter snakes back into the girdirons.
16) 2) dialog: He's gonna pancake himself.
16) 8) dialog: Better him than you, man.
22) 5) dialog: Hey, you okay? You look like you saw a ghost. Indeed he has. He walks over to the Shooter. Gone is the smoldering face and raging eyes.
24) 1) dialog: If it makes you feel any better, I waw a UFO once at summer camp. Jericho ignores him. Train rumbles echo from a distance.
24) 3) dialog: But, there's nothing here. Jericho touches the charred old walls of the subway tunne rubs his fingers together.
30) 0) text: Jericho crosses to a series of elevators, still looking a the tears in his suit jacket, when Chicago exits the elev
30) 2) dialog: * Yeah, but she moved to Europe. C'mon. aa
30) 4) dialog: Cops found something juicy.
33) 0) text: Jericho and Chicago flash their IDs to the COP standing o the stoop.
34) 0) text: Flickering bare lightbulbs dimly light the peeling wall paper. Jericho and Chicago find the ancient staircase, wi its loose and rotting floorboards. They descend to the... Pipes drip water and cockroaches scurry out of the way as . Chicago and Jericho make their way down a litter strewn hallway all the way to the end, to a door, it's ancient p peels in small curled sheets. 21.
34) 1) dialog: Wanna bet it's rent controlled? They push open the door. Inside the dark room several flashlight beams sweep back and forth.
35) 0) text: But you wouldn't know it was day. The window, painted bla allow only small cracks of light in. Jericho and Chicago push their way into the apartment.
35) 1) dialog: He likes the dark. Francis shines his light on Jericho.
35) 12) dialog: I don't think this is paint.
35) 20) dialog: Well before the Ambassador hired us.
35) 22) dialog: Who's the locker?
39) 0) text: We recognize it as the same hospital where Christine was born. Jericho, Chicago and Detective Francis jog up the s
39) 1) dialog: How're we gonna question a guy with uo tongue?
39) 3) dialog: Unless he’s cut off his hands.
42) 3) dialog: Jesus. What kind of a sick fuck does that? The cop pulls out his gun and checks the room, surprised no one else is in there. The small hospital television remains on in the backgroun The local News anchor reads the report, over video of dyi fish.
43) 4) dialog: I swear, Jer. I didn't. This is too creepy, even for me. Suddenly Thomas JUMPS and begins to flail. He's not dead! grabs the orderly and throws him across the roecn. He stands. He's growling now and ON HIS FEET. The Orderli are screaming! Jericho reaches for his gun, but Thomas gr him by the lapels...
44) 0) text: Chicago and Detective Francis exit Thomas's room. They se Jericho down the hall, sitting in the waiting room, nursi a cup of coffee.
44) 3) dialog: Protect the protector? He'd just take the assignment himself and tell you he's never lost a client.
44) 5) dialog: It's a Holy Crusade with hin. He doesn't let go. voTC. FRANCIS ‘That just ain't healthy. He's gonna erack. * See, that's where you're wrong. He cracked a long time ago. Only reason be does this job's ‘cause he never put himself back together. They enter the waiting recom and cross to Jericho. Jerich leoks up.
56) 0) text: Third floor walk up. Jericho, Francis and Chicago alight steps to the landing. The bulbs lining the hallway still flicker, dimming and brightening. Zerie. Carcaco Are you sure this is the place?
56) 21) dialog: n Chicago. Good to meet ya.
57) 0) text: Cops push by Jericho and Chicago.
57) 2) dialog: Pull surveillance? Isn't that overkill? She's got police protection.
57) 4) dialog: Udibrary? Hello. Do you know what tine it is?
58) 0) text: A BLACK Vaw 4s parked on the curb. Inside... Tar. vay - High-tech surveillance. Video monitors. Chicago hits a bu of switches. Various angles of Christine and Rachel's apartment appear on the screens. 7 . x 41. Okay, we're hot. Chicago can see Christine and Jeriche in the living room the apartment.
58) 3) dialog: Copy. Perimeter is armed and active. Nothing gets close without. us knowing.
62) 0) text: Chicago and Guy have trouble staying awake. A shadow pass one of the windows. Neither of them notice. 43.
66) 0) text: Chicago sniffs.
66) 1) dialog: Bey... you smell something? Guy What?
66) 2) dialog: Gasoline? Chicago crosses to the rear of the van, opens the door an
90) 0) text: Jericho staggers to the kitchen, dripping blood from his hands. He washes them under the faucet. Jericho staggers to the kitchen and washes his hands in t sink. Then wraps rags around then. BOOM BOOM BOOM. He hears a pounding at the door. Jericho recovers his GLOCK and checks the peephole. He's shocked by what he sees. He pulls open the door, partway, revealing... aa, CHICAGO... bruised and battered and looking like he's sporting a monster hang-over. Chicago tries to push his w in, but the chain is on.
90) 1) dialog: Open the door, man. I need some help.
90) 3) dialog: Bo, but I'm gonna be if you don't open thse door. Jericho raises his gun.
90) 7) dialog: Don't kill me, man. I'll go. I'll leave. Jericho shoves Chicago back and raises the gun.
90) 9) dialog: You're whacked, man. Jericho fires. The bullet skims the surface of Chicago's Blood spurts out.
90) 11) dialog: You shot me. I can't believe you shot me. Jericho holsters his gun and crosses to Chicago.
90) 13) dialog: Skimmed me, but it hurts. Jericho freezes. He feels some . He Jericho £ . thing crosses to the window
92) 2) dialog: Damn straight. I'm moving to Poughkeepsie. Shit like this don't happen in Poughkipsee. Jericho gathers up his guns. CHICAGO (cont'd) Where are you going?
93) 0) text: Jericho and Chicago head down the stairwell.
93) 1) dialog: The girl? Screw the girl, man. We've got to get out of town. The whole city's gone mad!
93) 3) dialog: Like hell you can't. Who's this girl anyway? What's so special about her?
93) 5) dialog: Okay, listen, we leave town together. You get her, I'll get the secure car. dust tell me where to meet you. Jericho stops. Looks at Chicago. Looks at his bleeding ar Looks into his clear oyes. 72.
95) 0) text: Jericho hands Chicago his gun.
95) 2) dialog: You too. Chicago trots down the alley. Filled with urgency. , cur TO:
96) 0) text: Chicago presses through a throng of pecple up to the Man.
96) 1) dialog: He's holding her in a church. st. John the Divine.
114) 19) dialog: ZI Gidn't. When I got to the Church it was gone. I've been trying to get out of town. But we're fucking trapped. These crazies are everywhere. Jer, this is something right out of the bible, man. It's... it's like God's wrath. Like Sodem and Gomorah.
117) 0) text: The three of them rush to the end of a metal and concrete corridor. When they hit the wall, Chicago taps a code int the keyboard. A panel slides open revealing another set o elevator doors.
117) 3) dialog: Nothing. It's just... I don't think I updated my clearance. Jericho eyes Chicago suspiciously.
117) 5) dialog: Come on, man. We don't have time to argue. Just do it.
117) 10) dialog: I didu‘t want to, Jer. Please believe me. He made me do it.
117) 13) text: a“ Jericho opens fire, blowing Chicago away. Every bullet bl rotting flesh, smoke and molten lava down the corridor.
117) 14) dialog: He's coming, Jer. He's coming for her. And there's nothing you can do te stop hin.
117) 16) dialog: Yeah, okay. Whatever you say. But he knows where you are. They're all ceming and there's no escape.
130) 24) text: SYNOPSIS (continued): Christine for the night, and Chicago sets up a command po outside. Christine wonders what's going on, and Jericho r on Satanic heraldry...and he becomes aware of Satanic pro about the End of Days, when Satan comes to claim a bride over the world. Even the righteous will not survive. As J considers the meaning of this, Satan attacks the command outside Christine's place and blows it up. Chicago and th guards are killed. Jericho begins to drag Christine away safety, but her roommate Rachel then changes into a demon who tries to stop them. Jericho is forced to shoot Rachel When the cops finally arrive on-the scene and see the des (including the dead bodies of Chicago and the guards), th Rachel---in normal human form---dead from Jericho's gunsh cops take Jericho to police hq and hold him and begin ask Christine questions. But at the police hg, Satan arrives to get her. Jericho blocks him and flees with Christine i park----and they're chased by red-eyed minions of the dev finally arrive at St. John the Divine Cathedral. Father M there to help them hide, and he tells them of the coming darkness and that Satan is looking for a bride...the sign doom. But Father Murphy claims the bible tells of a PROTE great faith and virtue, who comes forth to safeguard and the chosen woman. Jericho claims he's couldn't possibly b protector if he's someone of great faith and virtue. Meanwhile...in the city chaos begins to reign. People beg to riot and loot stores. As Jericho tries to secretly ret his apartment, he's confronted by Satan who wants him to where Christine is hiding. Satan offers Jericho anything for this information...but Jericho refuses. Satan then tr throw Jericho to his death, but Jericho manages to grab S toss him to the street below. As Satan impacts on the pav huge crater is made. It doesn't seem as if anything could this fall, but Satan picks himself up and leaves. Jericho approached by Chicago who claims he's not dead but alive; wants to get out of the crazy city. Jericho isn't sure if is a trick or not. Back at the cathedral, meanwhile, a Ca decides to sacrifice Christine to prevent the devil from her. But Jericho arrives and to protect and save her. And same time Satan arrives and begins to entrance Christine. erupts between Jericho and Satan and the cathedral begins collapse into a pile. As Jericho and Christine are dragge pit, they get away and escape into the city sewers. Chris Jericho are chased by not only the devil but his red-eyed followers. Christine wants to get Satan out of her mind-- to have entranced her. Jericho and Christine escape the sewer, finding the city total chaos. The get into a car and are chased once again try to flee the city, the find that bridges and tunnels a destroyed. They finally escape into an underground garage they encounter Chicago again----but Chicago is obviously (oe