36) 0) text: CHRISTINE BETHLEHEM, the twenty five year old beauty, sit the floor amidst the madness of a bunch of pre-school kid some coloring pictures, some running wild. She plays CATS'CRADLE with an adorable little GIRL while a little b MATTHEW uses her head ag a road for his fire truck.
36) 1) dialog: When you're finished with your wish pictures, bring them to me. Matthew, my head ig not a street. The fire truck gets wound around her hair. MATTHEW . It's stuck, Christine. Mom! Matthew runs to his MOM, leaving Christine with a fire tr @angling from her head. JUDY, another day care worker, si children out to their parents. Christine good-naturedly t te untangle the truck. Another little boy, PAUL comes over to Christine, hands h his wish picture. It's a flying boy with hands full of ca
36) 3) dialog: Thank you, Paul! If there's a fire, I'll be ready for it. I like your picture! Sometimes, I wish I could fly, too. Christine smiles sweetly. She leans forward to tie his lo shoe. When she looks back up at Paul... THE ROOM IS ON FIRE, CHILDREN AND PARENTS are BURNING.
36) 5) dialog: Nothing. I'm sorry. Nothing. Paul runs off. Christine stands, staring blankly at the r She sinks into a child- size desk chair.
39) 0) text: We recognize it as the same hospital where Christine was born. Jericho, Chicago and Detective Francis jog up the s
49) 0) text: The subway lights click on and off as the train rattles d the track. Christine thumbs through the children's drawin Bright Crayon Drawings. A child holding a mother's hand. field of sun flowers. A cow next to a barn. She stops on next picture. UGLY, ANGRY, Black and red crayon swirls wi a crude drawing of Christine inside. Letters are scrawled across the drawing... "WELCOME TO HELL". Christine looks at the drawing, upset and worried. There' name on it. A homeless man stops and STARES AT HER, the same one who praying to the sewer. He closes his eyes. 35. InT. DAY CARE CENTER - DAY —s The Man surveys the room. He stoops and picks up the HOOK LADDER TRUCK. Pieces of Christine's hair are still stuck it. He puts it to his nose and sniffs it. Suddenly, he stops and closes his eyes, then opens them.
51) 0) text: Christine emerges from the subway, spooked. The world loo a little more sinister to her. She walks quickly up the — street. Shapes move in the shadow. Seams to her she's bei watched. She breaks into a run.
53) 0) text: Third floor walk up. Christine alights the steps to the Janding. The bulbs lining the hallway flicker, dimming an brightening. She quickens her pace, then runs to her door She fumbles with her keys, finally finding the right ons. hears footsteps coming up the stairs. Glances over her shoulder. She turns the key in the lock and throws the do open.
54) 0) text: She's immediately grabbed by a BLACK CLAD COMMANDO. She screams. Struggles. Breaks free. Into the arms of another COMMANDO. She elbows him, and backs away. Another pounces her. She hits him, struggling to get away. Christine breaks free and rushes into...
56) 2) text: Francis nods. They knock on Christine's door.
56) 4) dialog: Who are you? What's happening?!
56) 7) dialog: I told you, I have no idea who they were. I don’t know what they wanted. Now do you mind telling me what's going on! :
56) 9) dialog: Take it easy? You weren't just jimped in your own apartment. Christine turns away. Jericho crosses and sits down next ber. He speaks quietly so no one can hear.
56) 11) dialog: This isn't making ma feel any better.
56) 13) dialog: No.
56) 16) dialog: (gasping) How did you know?
56) 18) text: ZI was in the day-care center, where I work, and suddenly everything was on fire. The children were burning. Then, I found this picture... Christine rises and goes to her book bag. She pulls out t G@rawing of her in hell and shows it to Jericho. CHRISTINE (cont'd) Some of my kids have problems, but not like this.
56) 20) dialog: Not really. This is my roommate, > Rachel. Jericho. Detective Francis and... I forgot.
56) 23) dialog: Rachel loves cops.
57) 8) dialog: You sure you want to stay hero tonight? I seem to be attracting - trouble. -
58) 0) text: A BLACK Vaw 4s parked on the curb. Inside... Tar. vay - High-tech surveillance. Video monitors. Chicago hits a bu of switches. Various angles of Christine and Rachel's apartment appear on the screens. 7 . x 41. Okay, we're hot. Chicago can see Christine and Jeriche in the living room the apartment.
59) 3) dialog: I hate to sound like a wimp, and I swear to God I'm not hitting on you, but I'd feel a lot better if you stayed here. Jericho nods, closes the door and locks it. CcuT TO:
61) 0) text: Christine pours a cup of coffee and hands it to Jericho.
61) 2) dialog: You said you'd seen things. Can you tell me what? Jericho looks up at the surveillance equipment.
61) 4) dialog: Gotcha. Been doing this long?
61) 8) dialog: I've never done anything for more than six months. I sort of like what _— Z'm doing now, but... I've always had this feeling like there's something I'm supposed to be doing and I haven't quite hit on it yet.
64) 1) dialog: That's it! Bis finger runs over to the text beneath it.
64) 5) dialog: The people who tried to kidnap me were Devil ppers?
64) 7) dialog: I don't believe this. What would they want with me? I mean, I'm nobody special.
68) 0) text: Jericho takes Christine by the hand.
68) 2) dialog: Ob my God! Wait! Rachel! Christine breaks free from Jericho and races to Rachel's room. The bedroom door flings open. CHRISTINE (cont'd) Rachel, wa've got to go. Rachel grabs Christine's arm.
68) 6) dialog: Rachel, let go. You're bruising me. Rachel has grabbed Christine's other wrist. She pulls her dato the middle of the apartment.
69) 0) text: The elevator opens and the Man walks down the corridor to Rachel's deor, and just as he gets there... It opens. Rachel falls into the hallway, covered in blood. The Man steps over her and enters the apartment. No sign of Jericho or Christine. The Man sniffs the air... he follows thea scent back into hallway. Sniffs again. Shakes his bead and punches the wall. A hole shatters in plaster. He hears sirens in the background.
70) 0) text: Sericho and Christine rush out into the street.
70) 1) dialog: Tell me you saw that.
71) 0) text: Ambulances and police cars surround the still burning van police cruiser as FIRE FIGHTERS try to put out the flames The Man stands watching. Nearby a COP keys his mike. cop Negative, negative. Only thing upstairs is a dead body. Int. PRECINCT STATION - NIGHT Christine sits by a desk as a cop types up her report. Sh leoks around nervously. All the other suspects seem to be staring at her. Most of them have red eyes. A HOOKER chew her own flesh and leers at her, blowing her a kiss. She closes her eyes.
73) 1) dialog: Stop staring at me! Christine turns away. | The Hooker glances at the Susinessman in handcuffs. smile al the table we see her arms strain. Her handcuffs snap
76) 1) dialog: Jericho! She struggles against her attackers, frees herself, only be tackled again. Jericho fights like a man possessed, tossing bodies out o the way, suffering blows from billy clubs. The Hooker spo him and fires several times, Jericho dives behind a desk. He grabs a desk lamp and throws it at the Hooker. As she ducks, he leaps, slamming into her and knocking the gun f her hand. The businessman grabs him, but Jericho smashes palms against the bridge of the man's nose, shattering it Jericho grabs a gun. But suddenly... everything becomes quiet. Everyone stops fighting. They all turn slowly and see the Man. Most of them eye hi like dogs staring at their master. As the Man walks, he touches their outstretched hands. One cops steps in front bin, but the Man touches him and the cop steps away. The Man finds Christine half-hiding bebind Jericho at the opposite end of the large room. Jericho's got the gun lev at Man. aN Hello Christine. Christine's face flickers with a dull red light. The Man calmly walks towards Jericho and Christine. He reaches ou his arms as if to embrace his long lost love. MAN (cont'd) Christine, there's nothing to fear. Christine, entranced, moves from behind Jericho and reach out towards the Man. Jericho pushes down her arm and bloc ber with his body. 51.
76) 5) dialog: Let me go. Then this will be over. He won't hurt me. .
77) 0) text: Jericho shields Christine as he explodes through the glas falling half a story to the concrete. He's tucked so the of them roll when they hit the ground. He pushes Christin her feet. She sees he's normal again.
78) 2) dialog: It's like a nightmare.
78) 4) dialog: I wanted to go to him. I had this intense, overwhelming animal attraction for him but at the same time, there's a part of me that was totally repulsed. Who is he, Jericho?
78) 8) dialog: I'm not used to trusting anyone. It's nice. In the morning, if we do wake up and none of this has happened, I'm gonna look for you. No time to contemplate that one. Just then a man emerges the darkness of the park. He raises his arm, points at Christine and SCREAMS. Other men and women emerge from dark alleys, lurching tow Christine and Jericho like the walking dead. They too beg to scream. Pointing at her. Jericho grabs her arm as this circle of lost souls closes on them. The screaming masses rush after them as the two them rush into the darkness. The Man walks along the outer edge of Central Park. He he a chorus of screaming in the distance. He closes his eyes listens. Then turns into the park. 53.
79) 0) text: Jericho and Christine push through the underbrush. Feet scurry about. People running all around thea. Jericho and Christine emerge in a small clearing. Blank f walk toward them, pointing and screaming.
79) 1) dialog: What are they?
80) 0) text: Christine pulls out of the Park. Jericho hits the glove compartment open and pulls out a set of CUFF KEYS. He unl himself.
80) 1) dialog: Where to?
81) 8) dialog: Christine Bethlehen.
84) 4) dialog: What does that mean?
84) 6) dialog: Father, what doas he want?
84) 10) dialog: The woman... how is she chosen?
84) 20) dialog: And who is the protector?
84) 22) dialog: (to Jericho) Maybe it's you. Father Peters shakes his head.
84) 25) dialog: ‘X felt him, Jericho. I felt hin.
88) 0) text: More faithful have gathered in the church to pray. Christine sits in a pew in front of the deminating figure Christ. She's badly shaken.
88) 2) dialog: What will happen to me, Father? Father Murphy reaches under his collar and pulls out a necklace chain with a cross on it.
88) 6) dialog: Z guess even God can't help me now.
94) 0) text: Dozens more people have entered the Church, and are prayi Several Priesta stand vigilant watch around Christine.
94) 1) dialog: What's taking him so long?
97) 0) text: Pour Knights each hold down one of Christine's limbs. One knight restrains Father Murphy, while the Cardinal dips t Gagger in the holy water. He holds the dagger over Christine's breast. She struggles, tossing and turning against her captors. The gathered refugees in the church cower away. On the DAIS - We see the manuscript from the opening scen The Cardinal reads from the Latin text.
97) 16) dialog: He's coming. A beat then... rages as the Man walks in.
97) 23) dialog: You don't understand. I feel him daside me. I need hin.
98) 0) text: But you wouldn't know it was day. Dark clouds have gather tinged with red, blotting out the sun. More lightning fla Jericho and Father Murphy pull Christine into the alley a large chunks of stained glass rain down on the two of the
99) 0) text: Gothic. stones bleed, pews burn. Jericho pulls Christine through the church. They see the Man hovering over the , cowering Cardinal.
103) 0) text: The fire bursts through the doorway, but Jericho and Christine are out of its path. They hear the mighty struc cave in bebind then. Then all is quite. Jericho takes Christine by the hand as they struggle through the muck.
103) 1) dialog: I didn't think he could do that to a church.
103) 3) dialog: You mean you believe?
103) 5) dialog: Uhg that smell. I think I'm going to be sick.
103) 7) dialog: For how long? 79.
103) 9) dialog: New Years Eve in the sewer system? Well, anything's better than Times Square. : The two of them disappear into the sewers.
106) 0) text: Jericho hoists Christine up into a maintenance room off t main sewer, and then pulls himself up. Christine leans against Jericho, exhausted. They're both sweating buckets
106) 1) dialog: It's so hot. Must be over a hundred Gegrees. a
106) 3) dialog: Y'know, I've always felt like there was some kinda curse on me. Don't get too fond of ms, Jericho. People I get involved with tend to die.
106) 5) dialog: Did you lose someone close? * 4A long beat.
106) 7) dialog: I'm sorry.
106) 9) dialog: Ah, so you do what you do out of guilt. You'd make a good Catholic.
106) 11) dialog: In my better moments I believe there's a purpose. Still, sometimes I can't help thinking "Why me?" What did I do to deserve this? One point five billion women on the planet and this guy wants me.
106) 13) dialog: You spend your life trying to convince yourself that you're something special just to make it Jericho puts an arm around her to comfort her. she rests head on his chest. Christine sighs. CHRISTINE (cont'd) I wish I could get him out of my mind, leering at me. Wanting me.
108) 0) text: Christine stares down the barrel of the Glock. Jericho's reaches around her, his hand surrounding hers on the grip
108) 2) dialog: Nine left. Jericho looks at the hole in the Follower's forehead.
109) 0) text: Jericho and Christine splash through the shallow water. T hear echoes and shouts, seemingly surrounding them. The hounds after the foxes. Up ahead the sewer splits at a juncture.
109) 2) dialog: Does it matter?
109) 4) dialog: I can't keep running.
109) 8) dialog: You're lucky. They catch you, they'll just kill you. Jericho looks around for options. He sees a shaft of ligh ahead. Problem is, the mob is closer to it than they are.
109) 12) dialog: I... don't... think... we're... gonna... make... it.
109) 14) dialog: It's too heavy. With a sharp elbow, Jericho knocks the last of the follow off, but more are coming. Jericho climbs up over Christin presing against her. The two of them together push aside the manhole cover. Christine wriggles up the ladder and out onto...
110) 0) text: Overhead the SKIES glow RED with fire. The crimson clouds march against the sun, choking off the light. As Jericho and Christine emerge from below, they see anot piece of hell. Ahead, a handful of men wearing business s drag a Buddhist Monk into the street and dump gasoline on The leader pulls out a match, ‘laughing. Lights it. ‘BAM! Blood erupts on the Leaders hand. Jericho re-ains h gun at the leaders head.
110) 2) dialog: Jericho! Jericho turns they're coming out of the ground now. Chris keeps her gun aimed on the hole, while Jericho covers the approaching businessmen. CHRISTINE (cont'd) (muttering) Goddamn hostile takeover.
110) 4) dialog: Not enough. Jericho smashes the window of a Buick, parked curbside.
110) 8) dialog: How could everything fall apart so quickly?
111) 0) text: Bonfires everywhere. Gangs attecking pedestrians, people being beaten, a toppled bus on f. A group of Cops are shooting at a frightened woman. Every she tries to run, they open fire... pinning her down. she mutters prayers under her breath. Im the middle is... Detective Francis. Francis sees the B drive by. He IDs Jericho and the Christine. 87. Dore. FRANCIS Son-of-a-bitch. He waves to the other police officers. They huddle around him. The woman uses that moment to make her escape down t alley. None of the cops notice.
113) 3) text: Jericho tries to re-jump the car, crossing the ignition w Meanwhile, Francis doubles back in his cruiser, eyeing th Buick which sits dead in the road like a lame duck. . Francis floors it. He going to ram the Buick. Christine s him coming.
113) 4) dialog: Jericho! Jericho leoks up and sees the police car bearing down on them. He returns to the wires. Just as the cop car is about to hit then... The Buick's engine spring to life. Jericho slams on the g The Buick lurches forward. The Police cruiser hits the cu and bounces onto the sidewalk. Francis spins the wheel. The cop car skids, hits the side a building and accelerates after the Buick. The Buick races down the dark streets, with the police cruiser following.
114) 1) dialog: The city... everybody's leaving.
114) 3) dialog: Looking for me? As Francis turns around Jericho pops up behind him and fi several rounds. Francis goes down. 89. Jericho picks up the 12 Gauge. Looking back at the skylin the city, they see New York is awasb in blood and flames.
114) 5) dialog: We can make it. A father and son run by them. The six year-old boy stumbl and is almost trampled by the crowds. Jericho stoops to p him up, but the father snatches the boy away. 5ON . (through tears) Daddy... Why are we running?
114) 8) dialog: Look... there... In the distance the George Washington bridge sways and buckles. We can see it's teening with thousands of people fleeing the city. The water below bubbles, boiling and roiling. Steam rises its surface. witb snacp jolt, the earth quakes. The water leaps into t The George Washington Bridge COLLAPSES... thousands of bo drop into the boiling water. SCREAMS. SHOUTS OF HORROR.
114) 10) dialog: He won't let me. — i) 90.
114) 12) dialog: I can't watch. She buries herself in Jericho's chest. The screams of the people carry across the water. CHRISTINE (cont'd) Make it stop. Make it stop.
114) 14) dialog: There's no place safe, is there?
117) 6) dialog: What's going on? ° CHICAGO Nothing. Just... Go ahead. Jericho grabs Chicago's hand and forces it down on the scanner. CHICAGO (cont'd) No. Stop. Hey, don't. Jericho presses Chicago's hand against the scanner. Chica struggles, but the scanner passes over his palin.
118) 1) dialog: Where are we?
118) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
119) 0) text: The Man walks down the street. Looting goes on all around him. A group of followers walk behind him, becoming an ar Iyr. VAULT - NIGHT Christine leans forward with her shirt in her lap. The re of her back is streaked in blood. Jericho hovers over her plucking the glass from her skin. She winces.
119) 1) dialog: Why'd you stay with me, Jericho? You @idn't have to.
119) 5) dialog: Maybe God has more faith in you than you have in hin.
119) 7) dialog: In case the world ends, I just want you to know...
119) 9) dialog: That I wish we had more time. He dips a wash cloth in water and swabs the wounds on her back. We'll talk about it over dinner Qo tomorrow.
119) 10) dialog: What if there is no tomorrow? She stands, turns and searches his eyes for an answer. sh kisses him. He pulls away.
119) 12) dialog: I'm sorry. I shouldn't've done that.
119) 14) dialog: Just as well. The others died before... (beat) I guess ho was saving me for hin. The glasses clatter together as a slight tremor goes thro ( the Vault.
119) 18) dialog: He's out there.
119) 20) dialog: Remember who we're dealing with. The VAULT rocks. In the dim red light we see an indentati appear on the wall.
119) 23) dialog: Do you feel that?
119) 27) dialog: It's getting warm in here.
119) 29) dialog: What are you doing?
119) 31) dialog: He's coming through. Jericho grabs and MP-5 FULL AUTO and slings it on.
119) 33) dialog: Whatever happens... thanks for trying. with a flash, the molten metal peels back, revealing the Jericho fingers the trigger on the shot gun. A quiet moment as the two men regard each other. The Man steps forward and... Jericho fires. BAM! The shell blows into the Man's chest, knocking him b but not down. BAM! BAM! BAM! Jericho drives the Man back out the melted opening and into...
120) 0) text: The house-sized vault rests beside a huge pit in the road by the Hunter Security Building. Crashed cars are scatter about the intersection. 99. Hundreds of bis followers crowd the streets, like an Arny the Damned. The Man lies on the street, fallen. The crowds look down at the fallen Man, and then at Jeric They cower away as Jericho swings the MP-5 around at the But from the corner of his eyes he sees the Man rise. Jericho turns and opens fire with the MP-5. The rounds dr into the Man, but still he stalks toward Jericho. Jericho backs away, keeping up the barrage of bullets, until he a Christine are pressed with their backs against the wall.
120) 4) dialog: I... I don't know.
120) 8) dialog: Yos.
120) 10) dialog: No.
120) 13) dialog: I don't know.
120) 18) dialog: Jericho, don't blame yourself. You - aia everything you could. (She points to Heaven) He let you down.
120) 24) dialog: Go ahead, Jericho. Embrace him.
121) 0) text: Times Square teems with hundreds of thousands of people. crowds part as the Man arrives with Christine. fl 104.
121) 2) dialog: Is this hell? The Man laughs.
121) 4) dialog: All these souls...
127) 0) text: SATAN lays Christine on an altar below a massive STONE PENTAGRAM. Demonic figures are carved around its face.
128) 0) text: The GROUND SHAKES. Stones fall from the roof of the churc The CRUCIFIX FALLS smashing into the STATUE OF MICHAEL. MICHAEL TUMBLES. It slams into the floor, shattering. When it does, Michael's SWORD breaks free from his hand. Jericho sees the sword. He's transfixed by it. He picks i up. It's a simple blade and pommel, forged of bronze. He takes off his M-16s and tosses them to the ground. eo» then turns and heads toward the door, armed only with this sword and his belief. ExT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT ‘The portal continues to rumble further and further open. _Yollowers fall to theiz knees in silent prayer of the co dawn of evil's reign. Christine lies silent on the altar, her eyes closed in rapture. The glowing fires of hell illuminate her face.
129) 0) text: Jericho emerges from the fiery structure of the church to Satan reaching down for Christine on the altar. Jericho bellows...
129) 21) dialog: Sericho. He gathers her up in his arms. Behind him, as Satan tumbles back into hell, something sn out of the demon's body and shoots through the portal. A tentacle of some kind.
129) 23) dialog: Jericho!
129) 27) dialog: Oh god, help me. Please help me. Jericho lunges to her and grabs her hand before she cross the threshold.
130) 24) text: SYNOPSIS (continued): Christine for the night, and Chicago sets up a command po outside. Christine wonders what's going on, and Jericho r on Satanic heraldry...and he becomes aware of Satanic pro about the End of Days, when Satan comes to claim a bride over the world. Even the righteous will not survive. As J considers the meaning of this, Satan attacks the command outside Christine's place and blows it up. Chicago and th guards are killed. Jericho begins to drag Christine away safety, but her roommate Rachel then changes into a demon who tries to stop them. Jericho is forced to shoot Rachel When the cops finally arrive on-the scene and see the des (including the dead bodies of Chicago and the guards), th Rachel---in normal human form---dead from Jericho's gunsh cops take Jericho to police hq and hold him and begin ask Christine questions. But at the police hg, Satan arrives to get her. Jericho blocks him and flees with Christine i park----and they're chased by red-eyed minions of the dev finally arrive at St. John the Divine Cathedral. Father M there to help them hide, and he tells them of the coming darkness and that Satan is looking for a bride...the sign doom. But Father Murphy claims the bible tells of a PROTE great faith and virtue, who comes forth to safeguard and the chosen woman. Jericho claims he's couldn't possibly b protector if he's someone of great faith and virtue. Meanwhile...in the city chaos begins to reign. People beg to riot and loot stores. As Jericho tries to secretly ret his apartment, he's confronted by Satan who wants him to where Christine is hiding. Satan offers Jericho anything for this information...but Jericho refuses. Satan then tr throw Jericho to his death, but Jericho manages to grab S toss him to the street below. As Satan impacts on the pav huge crater is made. It doesn't seem as if anything could this fall, but Satan picks himself up and leaves. Jericho approached by Chicago who claims he's not dead but alive; wants to get out of the crazy city. Jericho isn't sure if is a trick or not. Back at the cathedral, meanwhile, a Ca decides to sacrifice Christine to prevent the devil from her. But Jericho arrives and to protect and save her. And same time Satan arrives and begins to entrance Christine. erupts between Jericho and Satan and the cathedral begins collapse into a pile. As Jericho and Christine are dragge pit, they get away and escape into the city sewers. Chris Jericho are chased by not only the devil but his red-eyed followers. Christine wants to get Satan out of her mind-- to have entranced her. Jericho and Christine escape the sewer, finding the city total chaos. The get into a car and are chased once again try to flee the city, the find that bridges and tunnels a destroyed. They finally escape into an underground garage they encounter Chicago again----but Chicago is obviously (oe
130) 26) text: BYNOPSIB (continued): and Jericho finally destroys him. Jericho drags Christine nuclear shelter 400 feet below the surface of Manhattan. wait there, Satan finds them and drags the shelter to the Satan then confronts Christine again, and she must try to him. Jericho is then beaten by Satan's minions, and he cr help. Satan asks Jericho to join him, and finally Jericho succumbs. Satan then addresses his followers and brings f mighty temple in the city. But...Jericho slips away and g armory where he drags out weapons and begins to attack Sa his new establishment. A huge battle erupts, and Satan cl canNOT be destroyed. Jericho is seen kneeling and praying asking for help. Jericho then finds a Sword of Faith, and he attacks Satan, now transformed into a beast. At the sa Christine turns her back to Satan and renounces him. As t rages on, Jericho is finally able to destroy Satan (at le now), and he caries Christine away from the scene in his arms---just as the fire department and cops arrive to tak