47) 2) dialog: . Yes?
47) 4) dialog: Who are you?
47) 6) dialog: If it‘s about Thomas, I've already spoken to the police. Father Murphy walks away.
47) 10) dialog: I haven't seen him in ten years. I can't help you.
47) 12) dialog: The girl? What girl?
47) 14) dialog: (urgency) What's her name?
47) 16) dialog: (murmuring) He found her. Murphy abruptly turns and walks toward the rear of the church. Jericho follows.
47) 18) dialog: Are you a religious man? The question catches Jericho by surprise. His silence ans for ° FATHER MURPHY (cont'd) If you can't even believe in God, what makes you think you can understand his adversaries. (more) “—m, 34. FATHER MURPHY (cont'd) (beat) Good day. Father Murphy pushes his way through a large wooden door closes it in Jericho's face.
48) 0) text: AN OPEN ROOM the size of a football field. Hundreds of pe im religous garb are gathered around desks. Some are pray over phone books, some are surveying maps of the city. Pather Murphy is among them. He seems to be coordinating activities with a number of other Religious Leaders. Jeri takes a few more steps down and wonders at this hidden wo Father Murphy looks up and sees Jericho at the bottom of steps. He motions to a couple of YOUNG MEN who make their over to Jericho. Jericho retreats up the steps. _—
80) 4) dialog: Is she the girl?
80) 6) dialog: Quickly then. He pulls them in and shuts the door behind them. Sirens w in the background.
81) 1) dialog: This way. Did anyone see you come?
81) 3) dialog: Then we should be safe. Father Murphy signals to two other priests. They step in guard the door. PATHER MURPHY (cont'd) zon did the right thing bringing her 8. As they cross the church, Jericho looks into the faces of frightened people who have coms to pray.
81) 5) dialog: I can, but it will be almost impossible for you to believe. Murphy leads them to through the wooden decor and down th circular staircase.
81) 7) dialog: I'm Father Murphy.
81) 9) dialog: You'll excuse the chaos, but some very scary shit is going on right now.
81) 13) dialog: Not a cancer... It's a spider web spreading to catch it's fly.
81) 15) dialog: The evil. The more souls he takes the stronger he gets.
82) 0) text: Various shots - As the RED EYED minions walk. Not just homeless, but well-dressed stockbrokers and lawyers. Just like you and me, except for the dull red in their constan shifting eyes. : Entering bars, drifting into subways, getting into fights shooting heroin, fucking in the dark shadows of the stree Father Murphy lays a leather bound manuscript down on a worktable.
82) 1) dialog: The Satanic Prophecies. The original scrolls were written over seven thousand years ago, and discovered by Joseph of Arimathea, when he was guardian of the Holy Grail. Yather Murphy opens up the five hundred year old book. Th one from the opening Vatican scene.
82) 5) dialog: fhe church isn't anxious for people to know that in some scriptures, even the righteous can be damned.
84) 0) text: Father Murphy turns the pages of the antique manuscript.. illuminated with different hand-painted illustrations of through the ages, battling a GREAT BEAST with a GLOWING S
84) 3) dialog: The devil's greatest trick was to convince the world he didn't exist. The modern age has all but killed him. But Nullus diablus, aullus redemptor.
84) 5) dialog: I£ you have no devil, then there is no reedemer. If you deny the Devil, you deny God.
84) 7) dialog: In the three days before the New Year, if the Dark Angel can carry his chosen mortal bride back across Hell's threshold, the wall between hell and earth will fall.
84) 9) dialog: Yor the holy trinity.
84) 11) dialog: By his legions of followers. The signs indicate she was born dune ¢6th, 1975. at Christine. she quietly takes a seat and nods. FATHER MURPHY (cont'd) According to the Prophecy, he will join with her, and their half-mortal son will reign over a new here on earth. All souls, even the righteous will be damned. —
84) 14) dialog: God does not say he will save us, Jericho. He says we will save ourselves.
84) 17) dialog: te is written that a Protector will always come forth, a righteous warrior, to keep the girl from harm. Jericho looks at the illustrations in the book.
84) 30) dialog: The Vatican sent Thomas because he was sensitive to certain spiritual matters. He could see things others couldn't. I don’t know what role you play, if any, but my guess is - you've already played it by bringing her here. We'll protect her now.
84) 32) dialog: Of course not. This is a church. Sericho looks at Christine.
88) 1) dialog: Some things are beyond reason. Some things you just have to accept.
88) 3) dialog: I've had this since my confirmation. It's always kept me safe. He offers it to her.
88) 5) dialog: You never know. As it nears her, the metal begins to glow bright red. rat Murphy pulls it away. The metal calms. Brings it in close her. It glows again.
94) 4) dialog: Who are you? What do you want? The Old Cardinal withdraws a silver dagger, shaped very m like the cross.
94) 6) dialog: Yor what? Prepare herself for what? 73.
97) 0) text: Pour Knights each hold down one of Christine's limbs. One knight restrains Father Murphy, while the Cardinal dips t Gagger in the holy water. He holds the dagger over Christine's breast. She struggles, tossing and turning against her captors. The gathered refugees in the church cower away. On the DAIS - We see the manuscript from the opening scen The Cardinal reads from the Latin text.
97) 7) dialog: Yor Godsake. This is a church. You're desecrating it! Two of the Knights trot down the aisle, guns leveled. The halt by the pew Jericho dove behind.
97) 13) dialog: No. It is your will. This can only lead to our destruction.
97) 20) dialog: This is the house of the Lord our God. You are not welcome here. The Man looks around with disdain, then... The STAINED GLASS WINDOWS BLOW OUT in a rain of glass. All the candles flair, burning intensely. The buttresses shake and start to crumble. CHUNKS of GRANITE collapse fr the arches and a WALL OF FIRE rises behind hin. The gathered faithful look on in terror. They rush out th church doors trying to get to safety.
98) 0) text: But you wouldn't know it was day. Dark clouds have gather tinged with red, blotting out the sun. More lightning fla Jericho and Father Murphy pull Christine into the alley a large chunks of stained glass rain down on the two of the
98) 1) dialog: God help us. It's his army. But there are hundreds of people gathered in the darkness Hands reaching for them. Closing in on both sides of the alley. Jericho pulls Christine back, but they grab Murphy. He's swallowed by the sea of people. FPATHER MURPHY (cont'd) Help me. Dear God, help me. Jericho pulls Christine into the Church, all the time hea the sounds of Murpby scream as his limbs are ripped asund
130) 24) text: SYNOPSIS (continued): Christine for the night, and Chicago sets up a command po outside. Christine wonders what's going on, and Jericho r on Satanic heraldry...and he becomes aware of Satanic pro about the End of Days, when Satan comes to claim a bride over the world. Even the righteous will not survive. As J considers the meaning of this, Satan attacks the command outside Christine's place and blows it up. Chicago and th guards are killed. Jericho begins to drag Christine away safety, but her roommate Rachel then changes into a demon who tries to stop them. Jericho is forced to shoot Rachel When the cops finally arrive on-the scene and see the des (including the dead bodies of Chicago and the guards), th Rachel---in normal human form---dead from Jericho's gunsh cops take Jericho to police hq and hold him and begin ask Christine questions. But at the police hg, Satan arrives to get her. Jericho blocks him and flees with Christine i park----and they're chased by red-eyed minions of the dev finally arrive at St. John the Divine Cathedral. Father M there to help them hide, and he tells them of the coming darkness and that Satan is looking for a bride...the sign doom. But Father Murphy claims the bible tells of a PROTE great faith and virtue, who comes forth to safeguard and the chosen woman. Jericho claims he's couldn't possibly b protector if he's someone of great faith and virtue. Meanwhile...in the city chaos begins to reign. People beg to riot and loot stores. As Jericho tries to secretly ret his apartment, he's confronted by Satan who wants him to where Christine is hiding. Satan offers Jericho anything for this information...but Jericho refuses. Satan then tr throw Jericho to his death, but Jericho manages to grab S toss him to the street below. As Satan impacts on the pav huge crater is made. It doesn't seem as if anything could this fall, but Satan picks himself up and leaves. Jericho approached by Chicago who claims he's not dead but alive; wants to get out of the crazy city. Jericho isn't sure if is a trick or not. Back at the cathedral, meanwhile, a Ca decides to sacrifice Christine to prevent the devil from her. But Jericho arrives and to protect and save her. And same time Satan arrives and begins to entrance Christine. erupts between Jericho and Satan and the cathedral begins collapse into a pile. As Jericho and Christine are dragge pit, they get away and escape into the city sewers. Chris Jericho are chased by not only the devil but his red-eyed followers. Christine wants to get Satan out of her mind-- to have entranced her. Jericho and Christine escape the sewer, finding the city total chaos. The get into a car and are chased once again try to flee the city, the find that bridges and tunnels a destroyed. They finally escape into an underground garage they encounter Chicago again----but Chicago is obviously (oe