7) 4) dialog: Keep them clear. We swoop lower, singling out one of the limousines in the motorcade.
8) 0) text: JERICHO scans the crowd with his strong piercing eyes and mo nonsense attitude of a samurai. He and the three other armed men in this limo are all dressed in dark business suits, looking very much like Secret Service Agents, righ down to the radio earpiece in their ears. Jericho raises cuff and speaks into the small microphone sewn there.
8) 1) dialog: Hunter Two, do you copy?
9) 2) dialog: Copy Two. ETA Three minutes. High alert and counting down.
10) 0) text: The motorcade cruises past, heading toward... The UNITED NATIONS BUILDING The very symbol of mankind's best intentions. mvt. LIMOUSINE - DAY Through the window, Jericho scans the crowd for anything of the ordinary.
10) 1) dialog: Weapons check. He and the three other men remove their handguns from the holsters, check their loads and release safeties. One of men, a goateed wisecracker named CHICAGO, late thirties, holsters his weapon and speaks into his mic. CHICAGO —_ Python on approach. We are at Alert Five. Cue the Potentate. He's on.
11) 0) text: The motorcade pulls to a halt between crowds of people. .JERICHO and CHICAGO spring from the first limo and cross the door of the second. The rest of the security continge take up point positions, all eyes scanning the crowd.
11) 1) dialog: (into cuff mic) We're exposed. 7. Jericho opens the door. A Diplomat steps out and crosses the crowd. Shakes hands. Jericho scans the crowd. A gun barrel? No, it's an umbrella. Then he checks nearby rooftops. Thinks he sees something one of them. No. Just a shadow. Scans nearby windows. From one window, he sees a GLINT of light. He squints. It not coming from the window, it's a reflection of somethin the roof across the way. An untrained observer wouldn't notice, a highly trained observer would probably miss it. Jericho doesn't. His hea snaps around to the rooftop, but sees nothing once again. he senses something. JERICHO (cont'd) (into cuff) Hunter Two, Reoftop Southwest Corner. HELICOPTER P.O.V. - Looking down on the Rooftop. All we c see is the black of the roof.
11) 3) dialog: (into cuff) You're wrong. Shooter! Evac! Evac! Security swings into action. Guns are drawn. Jericho grab the Diplomat and pulls him toward the Limo. GUNSHOTS! Jericho turns, and his suit jacket EXPLODES fou times as the ROUNDS HIT HIM squarely in the chest. As he down, he shoves the Diplomat into the limo, slamming the THE LIMOUSINE ACCELERATES knocking Jericho aside as it fl through its pre-planned emergency escape route. JERICHO (cont'd) (gasping into mic) Drive One. Status!
13) 0) text: CEICAGO pushes through the crowd to Jericho, who lies motionless on the cement.
13) 2) dialog: Where's the shooter?
13) 4) dialog: - Then what are we doing down here?
15) 0) text: Jericho and Chicago look out the side window, down at the Shooter. The Sheoter swings his rifle toward them and FIR The glass on the WINDOW EXPLODES as it's hit by a round. Jericho and Chicago pull out their sidearms, lean out the broken window and FIRE at the shooter. The Shooter snakes back into the girdirons.
16) 0) text: The Shooter aims at the helicopter and squeezes off a FEW ROUNDS. But Jericho's RETURN FIRE forces him into the ope The Shooter fires again, but he's out of ammo. He runs, b The HELICOPTER descends in front of him, cutting him off. Nowhere to go. The Shooter checks his options, glancing a the edge of the building. As Jericho exits the helicopter gun drawn, the Shooter turns tail and runs toward the edg the building. JERICHO jumps back onto the akid of the chopper. He yells the pilot.
16) 1) dialog: + Pollow! The pilot complies. Chicago leans out the window.
16) 3) dialog: (to Pilot) Faster! The helicopter skims low and fast after the shooter. Jeri stands, perched on the skid, his arm outstretched, ready grab the Shooter. The Shooter's not letting up, running as fast as he can toward oblivion. The helicopter closes on him quickly. Jericho reaches out -his arm, just a few feet away from t Shooter. Closing in. His fingertips almost touching. But.
17) 0) text: The Shooter continues to fall, accelerating. Then a streamer pops from his back... Int. HELICOPTER - DAY Jericho looks down at the plummeting Shooter.
17) 1) dialog: He's got silk! Son-of-a-bitch's got silk. EKtT. SKY - DAY Between the canyons of tall buildings a PARACHUTE BLOSSOM Stunned New Yorkers look up in awe as the Man in Black PARAGLIDES right down 42nd street. “INT. HELICOPTER - DAY Jericho checks his sidearm and grits his teeth.
17) 2) dialog: Down. ai.
19) 0) text: Jericho bangs on the wall of the cabin.
19) 1) dialog: Lower...
19) 3) dialog: I didn't ask you to land.
21) 0) text: Against the protesting shouts of an MTA worker, Jericho j the turnstile, his gun drawn. He races through the crowde subway platform pushing commuters aside. As he gets to the platform's edge, he sees the Shooter disappearing into the darkness cf the subway tunnel. Without a moments hesitation, Jericho jumps down on the tracks, sprinting after the Shooter. 12.
22) 0) text: Jericho races through venting steam and dirty pools of wa A hush falls on the tunnel. He hears whispers all around ‘VOICES Jericho... Jericho.... The sharp SNAP of TWO GUNSHOTS sends him diving for cover blindly returns fire down the tunnel. He listens a moment steps back into the open, moving stealthily, like a cat. As he edges down the tunnel, the walls begin to glow with DEEP ROCKING CRIMSON and then slowly OOZE INTO FLAME. The length of the tunnel becomes an abyss of swirling fir and DESPERATE CRIES OF PAIN ring in our ears. The Shooter steps into the open and turns toward Jericho, his face BL AS SOOT, his eyes BURNING RED. His dark voice bellows ove the roar of the flame.
22) 2) dialog: Get down on the ground! Hands behind your head!
22) 4) dialog: Stay back... I said STAY BACK! Jericho changes the angle of his shot and fires twice. Suddenly the tunnel GOES DARK. The Shooter screams and falls to the ground. Everything's back to normal, except Jericho has blown two holes in the Shooter's left leg. Jericho looks around, locking for the light show, wondering what the hell it was. Footsteps behind him. Chicago and the NYPD coming to the rescue. They blow by Jericho and swarm the Shooter, cuffi _hdm and reciting Miranda. 13.
22) 6) dialog: Much worse.
23) 0) text: A sea of blue as New York's finest clear the station. The Shooter is loaded up onto a stretcher. He tries to speak only unformed sounds escape his lips. DETECTIVE FRANCIS, gruff NYPD, crosses to Jericho.
23) 2) dialog: Why's that?
24) 0) text: Jericho searches the walls up and down.
24) 2) dialog: This was real. I don't fantasize.
24) 4) dialog: There was. 14.
28) 6) dialog: ZI don't save anyone. I keep them from dying of unnatural causes. How's Helen doing in this heat? In the background, a frightened ALIBINO YOUNG MAN watches Jericho, starts moving toward him.
28) 8) dialog: Tell her I miss her coffee.
28) 11) dialog: Hey. HEY! Jericho tries to pull the two apart. Weissman throws Jeri back with bestial strength, his voice otherwordly.
28) 13) dialog: Let him go! Jericho grabs Weismann who writhes like a man possesed. T Albino breaks free... and sprints toward the window of th deli. He leaps through it, SHATTERING THE GLASS, and disappears into the crowded New York sidewalk. Weismann grabs at Jericho and slashes at him with his han For a second the hands look different, like claws or talo as they rip into Jericho's suit sleeve. Jericho shoves th him back, and Weismann runs after the Albino. -
28) 15) text: Jericho runs after them, but...
30) 0) text: Jericho crosses to a series of elevators, still looking a the tears in his suit jacket, when Chicago exits the elev
30) 1) dialog: Look at this. You ever seen anything like this?
30) 3) dialog: Where are we going?
33) 0) text: Jericho and Chicago flash their IDs to the COP standing o the stoop.
33) 1) dialog: Detective Francis? CoP He's expecting you down below. The Cop ateps aside as Jericho and Chicago push into the buildiag.
34) 0) text: Flickering bare lightbulbs dimly light the peeling wall paper. Jericho and Chicago find the ancient staircase, wi its loose and rotting floorboards. They descend to the... Pipes drip water and cockroaches scurry out of the way as . Chicago and Jericho make their way down a litter strewn hallway all the way to the end, to a door, it's ancient p peels in small curled sheets. 21.
35) 0) text: But you wouldn't know it was day. The window, painted bla allow only small cracks of light in. Jericho and Chicago push their way into the apartment.
35) 4) dialog: Breakers aren't out. Look. Jericho takes a flashlight and shines it through the of one of the lampshades. ‘op JERICHO (cont'd) No bulbs.
35) 6) dialog: You said he used to be a priest?
35) 8) dialog: Any reason?
35) 10) dialog: A vision? What kind of vision?
35) 14) dialog: That's not a pretty picture. catcasco So what's a religous nutball doing after the Ambassador?
35) 16) dialog: What makes you say that? 23.
35) 24) dialog: Know who she is?
39) 0) text: We recognize it as the same hospital where Christine was born. Jericho, Chicago and Detective Francis jog up the s
39) 2) dialog: Be cas write, can't he?
41) 4) dialog: We just want to look in on him real CRe cor #1 I'm sorry, sir.
43) 0) text: Cops and Doctors everywhere. cop #1 And I'm telling you... nobody entered the room. He must've done it to himself. Jericho grabs the Cop and turns his head toward the wall.
43) 3) dialog: Jericho? {to Doctor, re: Chicago) Did he tell you to say that?
44) 0) text: Chicago and Detective Francis exit Thomas's room. They se Jericho down the hall, sitting in the waiting room, nursi a cup of coffee.
44) 6) dialog: You think I'm in danger? Dtc. FRANCIS Yep.
44) 7) dialog: Then that girl in the picture's in danger too. We have to find her.
44) 9) dialog: Yes, we do. (beat) ‘a Bethlehem. Her name is Bethlehen. 31. INT. POLICE STATION - DAY ~s Francis taps a keyboard. ON A COMPUTER SCREEN: "Bethlehem appears. A hundred names scroll up the screen.
44) 11) dialog: (to Chicago) Go check in at work. Tell them we're tracking down a security problem. (to Francis) Tell me again, where was he a priest?
46) 0) text: Jericho heads up the front steps of the world's largest unfinished Cathedral.
47) 0) text: Jericho enters the cavernous cathedral. Stained glass win and votive candles provide dim lighting as he makes his w up the pews. He sees a Priest hurriedly crossing the rows
47) 1) dialog: Excuse ma, Father. FATHER MORPHY, late sixties, grey beard, pauses briefly.
47) 5) dialog: My name's Jericho. I'm with a private security firn.
47) 7) dialog: Thomas was murdered.
47) 9) dialog: Would you happen to know who he might've been involved with? Maybe a eult or a religious group? 33. Father Murphy looks at Jericho, gauging him... how mch should he say?
47) 11) dialog: Father wait. He made an attempt on my life yesterday, and I think he was Planning one on a girl. I'm worried whoever killed him may come after us.
47) 13) dialog: He had pictures of us.
47) 15) dialog: We don't know yet. Why?
47) 17) dialog: Who was Thomas? What did he know? Murphy doesn't respond. SERICHO (cont'd) (growing frustrated) What aren't you telling me? Morphy arrives at a large wooden door and turns to confro Jericho. :
47) 19) dialog: Adversaries? What adversaries? And the door closes. Jericho furrews his brow. Deciding to follow Murphy, he Pushes the wooden door open and finds himself on a carved stone landing... CIRCULAR STAIRS lead down into darkness. Jericho tentitiv descends. JERICHO (cont'd) Father? He hears voices murmuring from below. As he rounds the co gees...
48) 0) text: AN OPEN ROOM the size of a football field. Hundreds of pe im religous garb are gathered around desks. Some are pray over phone books, some are surveying maps of the city. Pather Murphy is among them. He seems to be coordinating activities with a number of other Religious Leaders. Jeri takes a few more steps down and wonders at this hidden wo Father Murphy looks up and sees Jericho at the bottom of steps. He motions to a couple of YOUNG MEN who make their over to Jericho. Jericho retreats up the steps. _—
56) 0) text: Third floor walk up. Jericho, Francis and Chicago alight steps to the landing. The bulbs lining the hallway still flicker, dimming and brightening. Zerie. Carcaco Are you sure this is the place?
56) 5) dialog: “It's okay. We're the good guys. Jericho starts to untie her. He notices a CREST emblazone the blindfold: stitched in white, A SWORD WITH A SNAKE WRAPPED AROUND IT. Ext. FIRE ESCAPE - NIGET Chicago chases one of the Commandos up the escape as Fran races after the other two, but they hit the street runnin well ahead of him. By the time he's on the street, they'v disappeared. ExT. ROOF - NIGHT Chicago chases his Commando over the row of black tar roo tops. Chicago is inches away frem grabbing the man, when leaps from the three story roof, does a back flip and lan in a gaxrbage dumpster. He springs to his feet and is gon into the night. Int. CHRISTINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT Francis finishes questioning Christine.
56) 10) dialog: Christine... listen to me. This attack... it could be related to a murder at the hospital and an attempt on my life.
56) 12) dialog: We're trying to find a common thread. Have you received any threatening phone calla?
56) 14) dialog: (almost whispering) Have you seen or heard anything... out of the ordinary? CHRISTINE —_— Like what?
56) 15) dialog: uike, people staring at you, saying od4 things?
56) 17) dialog: It's happened to me. 39.
56) 18) text: ZI was in the day-care center, where I work, and suddenly everything was on fire. The children were burning. Then, I found this picture... Christine rises and goes to her book bag. She pulls out t G@rawing of her in hell and shows it to Jericho. CHRISTINE (cont'd) Some of my kids have problems, but not like this.
57) 0) text: Cops push by Jericho and Chicago.
57) 1) dialog: Call Guy, tell him to fire up the van.
57) 3) dialog: Not good enough. Do me a favor, go to the library... cy 40.
57) 5) dialog: = don‘t care. Find me a book on Medieval Heraldry. Jeriche pulls the blindfold out of his pocket and examine
59) 0) text: Jericho heads toward the front door, opening it. Christin stops hin.
59) 2) dialog: Down to the van. We'll be right downstairs and you have a policeman just outside the door.
61) 0) text: Christine pours a cup of coffee and hands it to Jericho.
61) 1) dialog: Thanks. The black blindfold is spread out on the kitchen table. Jericho pours over a book of Medieval Heraldry. Christine sits down across from hin.
61) 3) dialog: I'd vather not.
61) 5) dialog: ( Protecting pecple?
61) 9) dialog: You'll find it. It just takes time.
64) 0) text: Jericho turns a few more pages, then stops. He's found wh he's looking for. The Herald. A black background with a w sword, the image of the snake wrapped around it.
64) 2) dialog: They're a sub-herald of the Templar Fnights of St. John... Considered themselves God's Warriors... Jericho stops reading out loud. -
64) 4) dialog: They claimed the Devil would return to Earth and devour all men's souls, even the righteous. See the Satanic Prophesies, End of Days.
64) 6) dialog: Actually, no. They called thamselvos the Army of Good. But it says here they disbanded in 1375.
64) 8) dialog: That's what we're trying to find out. am a4.
67) 0) text: Jericho bolts up from the Kitchen table. He rushes to the window just in time to see the FLAMING VAN LAND ON TOP OF POLICE CAR in a ball of fire.
67) 1) dialog: Get down! Get down! Christine drops to the ground. The Man walks through the burning fire and to the buildin He stops briefly over Chicago's body, face down on the cement. He stoops and touches Chicago on the neck. No movement. He rises and heads into the building.
68) 0) text: Jericho takes Christine by the hand.
68) 1) dialog: Come on. As they run to the front door... 4s.
68) 8) dialog: tet her go! Jericho grabs Rachel's arm to pull her fingers from Christine's wrist. Christine, confused, twists away. Rach growls and claws at Jericho. But he frees Christine. They rush toward the decor.
68) 10) dialog: Watch us. Jericho grabs Rachel and wrestles her out of the way. Rac begins to tremble, as if in a rage. Her EYES GLOW with fi
69) 0) text: The elevator opens and the Man walks down the corridor to Rachel's deor, and just as he gets there... It opens. Rachel falls into the hallway, covered in blood. The Man steps over her and enters the apartment. No sign of Jericho or Christine. The Man sniffs the air... he follows thea scent back into hallway. Sniffs again. Shakes his bead and punches the wall. A hole shatters in plaster. He hears sirens in the background.
73) 3) dialog: What about Chicago? orc. FRANCIS D.O.A. ™
73) 4) dialog: And upstairs? He shakes 48.
73) 6) dialog: I know what I saw.
73) 8) dialog: No.
73) 10) dialog: She saw it too.
73) 12) dialog: Car accident, OD, plane crash and suicide. Dt. FRANCIS She a reguiar Dr. Kevorkian. Listen, I'm sorry, Jer. Francis takes out a pair of handcuffs and slaps them on Jericho's wrists. 49. DTC. FRANCIS (cont'd) I don‘t like having to do this, but ZI gotta hold you. BAM! BAM! Gunshots outside the door followed by a loud commotion.
74) 3) dialog: Christine! Jericho sees her across the crowded precinct floor. He tr to go to her, but he's attacked.
76) 0) text: Hands cuffed together, Jericho fights off a sea of attack and bulls his way acrosrg the roo.
76) 2) dialog: Don't let him touch you.
76) 4) dialog: Stay back.
76) 6) dialog: You're wrong. Jericho drops the gun, grabs Christine and throws his bod back... Through the precinct window.
77) 0) text: Jericho shields Christine as he explodes through the glas falling half a story to the concrete. He's tucked so the of them roll when they hit the ground. He pushes Christin her feet. She sees he's normal again.
77) 1) dialog: Runt Christine looks around as though she's just come to. He propels her forward, struggling up after her. JERICHO (cont'd) Run! They do.
78) 3) dialog: Maybe when the sun comes up, we'll find out it was.
78) 7) dialog: I'm used to it.
79) 0) text: Jericho and Christine push through the underbrush. Feet scurry about. People running all around thea. Jericho and Christine emerge in a small clearing. Blank f walk toward them, pointing and screaming.
79) 2) dialog: Z don't know. Jericho and Christine duck back into the brush and run. T branches seem to reach cut, grabbing at them. ANOTHER CLEARING - they emerge... but the dammed faces ar still there. Bodies shuffling toward then. They duck back into a wooded pathway and run. They push through more bushes and emerge onto the Park Drive. Caught in headlights. Tires screech. A POLICE CAR alides to a halt, broadsiding Jericho and Christine. Enough force to knock them on their ass, but n enough to do serious damage. They're hit by a spotlight. TWO COPS emarge, immediately drawing guns.
80) 0) text: Christine pulls out of the Park. Jericho hits the glove compartment open and pulls out a set of CUFF KEYS. He unl himself.
80) 2) dialog: You know 8t. John's?
80) 5) dialog: Yes. 5S.
81) 2) dialog: I don't think so.
81) 4) dialog: Father, can you tell us what's going on?
81) 14) dialog: What is?
82) 4) dialog: I‘ve never heard of it.
84) 2) dialog: Bisten, I've seen things I can't explain. But Satan? No. ry They lock s8.
84) 8) dialog: Woy three days?
84) 13) dialog: Even if what you were saying is true, surely God wouldn't allow that. 59.
84) 16) dialog: We've been around for thousands of years. We've yet to see Heil on Earth.
84) 18) dialog: And how do they defeat the Devil... with a sword?
84) 24) dialog: This is a fairy tale, Christine. Something's going on, but the Devil dsn‘t walking the earth.
84) 29) dialog: He had pictures of me tco.
84) 31) dialog: Do you have weapons?
84) 33) dialog: Wait here for me. He heads out the decor.
88) 7) text: Jericho leans around the corner and sees a team of cops coming out of hig apartment, led by Detective Francis. Francis locks the door and gives instructions to his men the team heads to the elevators. A moment later the hallway is empty. Jericho heads toward fzvont door, fumbling with his keys. He opens the door an slips into the apartment.
89) 0) text: Jericho moves rapidly, crossing to his closet. He runs hi hand along the rail, hitting a trip button. A small trap Pops open. He pulls a bag out of his closet. He unzips it Inside are several high caliber hand guns. He grabs a box Clips and dumps them into the bag. He feels around on the shelf above him and pulls down a small biack bag.
89) 2) dialog: Stay where you are. Jericho holds his gun level at the Man. The Man sniffs.
89) 4) dialog: Somewhere safe. Somewhere where she won't be found. The Man strolls to the bureau and picks up the ola photog of Jericho's wife and son.
89) 7) dialog: Emily? Emily... is that you? The room is different now. Warmer, more inviting. Art on walls, oriental rugs on the floor. A fire in the fire pla JERICHO (cont'd) What sort of trick is this.
89) 10) dialog: Emily? Jericho sees his son, DAVID,. lying asleep on the couch. JERICHO (cont'd) David... He crosses to him. Kneels. Brushes the hair back on his f JERICHO (cont'd) He's just how I remember hin. He blinks awake.
89) 13) dialog: Why are you doing this?
89) 19) dialog: It's not real.
89) 21) dialog: What‘s going to happen to her?
89) 23) dialog: This isn't what happened? They shouldn't be here.
89) 25) dialog: ZI have to protect her. The room darkens. Emily and David begin to fade. SERICHO (cont ‘d) Emily... David... Memory bit - BAN! A bullet hits Emily in the chest.
89) 30) dialog: Go to hell.
89) 33) text: MAN (cont'd) ” She's mine. She's always been mine. Jeriche dangles a foot off the ground. The Man slans Jeri against the glass, presses his face up against it. MAN (cont'd) Leok down. See them. See the little ants. Look at them. That's all you are to me. Now tell me, where's the girl? The MAN smashes him against the glass. It cracks. He SLAM him again, and a webwork of cracks spread. Exterior shot - Jericho bounces off the window. Shards of glass buckle ou and rain down on the street, far, far, far below. We see we're a hundred stories up. ' Interior - The glass begins to give in shards as the MAN slams Jeric against it. Jericho has no choice but to OPEN FIRE at the Man with hi GLOCK 17. The bullets explode into the MAN. Huge exit hol rip through his flesh spewing not blood, BUT MOLTEN FIRE. C The Man reels back, wounded, and then regains his balan knocks the gun from Jericho. MAN (cont'd) Do you know who I am? Do you know my power?
89) 36) text: So 68. Jericho tries pulling himself up, but a BOOT descends on blecdied hand. The MAN looks down on him, speaks in a cal measured tone. MAN (cont'd) It's a long way down. The Man takes a piece of glass and presses it into Jerich hand, drawing blood. : Jericho's blood slicked hand slips even further. He's at dizzying height. Jericho's muscles bulge as he tries to position himself into a better grip. MAN (cont'd) Look down. The Man points. Jericho looks down, all the way down. The street seems to split open and fiery vapors swirl below. Jericho looks up at the man. MAN (cont'd) Now look into your heart. You know you cannot defeat me. Join me. A long beat. Jericho can't hold on much longer. MAN (cont'd) Take my hand and I will give you everything God took away. Jericho looks down. Thinks. Then slowly reaches his hand for help.
89) 37) dialog: Here. The Man extends his hand to Jericho. Jericho has trouble swinging his free hand up. The Man reaches out for it, but Jericho can't quite bridg the gap. The Man reaches further cut to him when... Jericho pulls himself up with just the one hand GRABS THE MAN BY THE FREE ARM and... Pulls him out the window The Man tumbles from the window and PLUMMETS TOWARD EARTH FASTER and FASTER. The MAN roars a supernatural roar and SLAMS into the conc at TWO HUNDRED MILES AN HOUR. 69. The ASPHALT SHATTERS. The GROUND RUMBLES WITH INTENSITY O EARTHQUAKE. All the nearby windows EXPLODE from the force the impact. Jericho, hands slicked with blood, uses all his strength pull himself up and through the window. He falls back into the room and looks out tha window. There's a crater in the middle of the street. As if a MET had struck. Nothing could survive the fall.
90) 0) text: Jericho staggers to the kitchen, dripping blood from his hands. He washes them under the faucet. Jericho staggers to the kitchen and washes his hands in t sink. Then wraps rags around then. BOOM BOOM BOOM. He hears a pounding at the door. Jericho recovers his GLOCK and checks the peephole. He's shocked by what he sees. He pulls open the door, partway, revealing... aa, CHICAGO... bruised and battered and looking like he's sporting a monster hang-over. Chicago tries to push his w in, but the chain is on.
90) 2) dialog: You're dead.
90) 4) dialog: I'm not that stupid. Jericho keeps his gun pointed at Chicago.
90) 8) dialog: I just need to know.
90) 10) dialog: Ob Jesus, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I thought you were one of then. Chicago winces in pain.
90) 12) dialog: Im it bad?
92) 0) text: Jericho sees the crowd part for the Man. He backs away fr the window.
92) 1) dialog: Come on. We can't stay here.
93) 0) text: Jericho and Chicago head down the stairwell.
93) 2) dialog: Z can't leave without her.
93) 4) dialog: Z can't explain it.
93) 6) dialog: St. John the Divine in forty minutes.
95) 0) text: Jericho hands Chicago his gun.
95) 1) dialog: Be careful. Jericho heads down the alley. Chicago looks at the gun, l at Jericho and then slides the piece into his waistband.
97) 3) dialog: God may forgive you, but I won't. The Old Cardinal hesitates just a moment. BAM. The dagger blade shatters from the force of a bullet roun from Jericho's gun. JERICHO (cont'd) Get away from her. The Cardinal tries to stab Christine with the broken blad Jericho fires again. This time, he shoots A HOLE in the O Cardinal's hand. Jericho, holding a gun in either hand, walks down the len of the church. The Old Cardinal does not move. Blood drip off his fingers
97) 5) dialog: Step aside.
97) 9) dialog: What do you want with the girl?
97) 11) dialog: You would sacrifice the lamb to defeat the lion?
97) 15) dialog: And I'm not afraid to kill you. Murphy shudders. Something just went through me. Icy, awful.
97) 22) dialog: Christine... NO!
98) 0) text: But you wouldn't know it was day. Dark clouds have gather tinged with red, blotting out the sun. More lightning fla Jericho and Father Murphy pull Christine into the alley a large chunks of stained glass rain down on the two of the
99) 0) text: Gothic. stones bleed, pews burn. Jericho pulls Christine through the church. They see the Man hovering over the , cowering Cardinal.
100) 0) text: Everything rumbles. It's like trying to run down the stai in an Earthquake. Jericho pushes through another set of d revealing the underground chamber. The stairwell collapse _behind then. Run!
102) 0) text: The ground shakes and rumbles. From the stairwell a tongu fire shoots out at them. A wall of fire rolls toward them. They're trapped at the of the chamber. With all his might Jericho slams against door. It gives. They tumble through it, just as the tongu flame reaches then.
103) 0) text: The fire bursts through the doorway, but Jericho and Christine are out of its path. They hear the mighty struc cave in bebind then. Then all is quite. Jericho takes Christine by the hand as they struggle through the muck.
103) 2) dialog: He did.
103) 4) dialog: .He doesn't give me mich choice.
103) 6) dialog: You'll get used to it.
103) 8) dialog: As long as we can stay out of sight. If what they said is true, we only have to avoid him until midnight, the New Year.
106) 0) text: Jericho hoists Christine up into a maintenance room off t main sewer, and then pulls himself up. Christine leans against Jericho, exhausted. They're both sweating buckets
106) 2) dialog: We'll dehydrate if we stay down here too long. Jericho checks his guns. *
106) 4) dialog: I used to feel that way. . aan 80.
106) 6) dialog: My wife and son.
106) 8) dialog: It was a robbery. I couldn't protect them. All I could do was watch.
106) 10) dialog: Any faith I had, I lost after my family died. What kind of God allows children to be murdered?
106) 12) dialog: Did it ever occur to you, you might be special? =-
106) 14) dialog: Try not to think about it. * Jericho slaps a new clip inte his backup Glock. 81.
108) 0) text: Christine stares down the barrel of the Glock. Jericho's reaches around her, his hand surrounding hers on the grip
108) 1) dialog: You just line them up in the crosshairs and squeeze. But be ready for the recoil. First time's always a little painful until you find the z She squeezes. Click. Click. Click. Click. JERICHO (cont'd) “dust like that. Be hands her a clip and demonstrates how to slide it in. SERICHO (cont'd) And always remember to count your rounds. You have ten left. Here's the safety. Leave it on til you... BAM! Jericho dives out of the way. SERICHO (cont'd) What are you doing? One of the Followers falls out of the darkness at Jericho feet.
108) 3) dialog: Nice shot. _ Jericho pulls cut his gun, checks the tunnel. JERICHO (cont'd) Come on. There'll be more coming. 82.
109) 0) text: Jericho and Christine splash through the shallow water. T hear echoes and shouts, seemingly surrounding them. The hounds after the foxes. Up ahead the sewer splits at a juncture.
109) 1) dialog: Wait a minute. Jericho studies the two paths. Christine hears the voices looks around. She takes aim at the darkness with her gun.
109) 3) dialog: If we can make it to the Westside, we might have a chance of getting out of the city. He picks... JERICHO (cont'd) This way. «+. and away they go. BAM! BAM! We see gun-barrel flashes the darkness of the tunnel. Jericho and Christine emerge beat later. JERICHO (cont'd) Wrong way. They head down the other tunnel, the soulless creatures behind then. Dizzying shots as Jericho and Christine flee down sewage tunnel, turning left and right... down narrow passage way They hear the shouts behind them, see the dull glow of torches and flashlights chasing then. Christine tumbles. Jericho runs to her side. She's breath hard and gripping her side.
109) 5) dialog: You have to.
109) 7) dialog: I know it hurts. But you have to keep moving. The sounds are all around them now. The dull glowing ligh sear. A second set of lights appears further up the tunne They're cut off.
109) 9) dialog: Manhole cover. We can make it to the street.
109) 11) dialog: Come ont Jericho grabs her and pulls her along the sewer toward th shaft of light and toward the approaching mob. Somewhere Christine finds the strength to keep up. !
109) 13) dialog: Come on... faster! Faster! Another fifteen yards to the shaft, but the mob is almost beneath it. Jericho breaks out in front of Christine. He pulls bis gu from its holster. Almost there. Angry red eyes. BAM! BAM! Jericho fires a f warning rounds, driving the mob momentarily back. Jericho reaches the shaft of light and positions himself A WROUGHT IRON LADDER running up the side of the sewer. _ Christine reaches him and he pushes her up the ladder. JERICHO (cont'd) Climb! Exhausted, she pulls herself up... hand over hand. Jerich scrambles up after her. But the mob is right on them. The jump, grabbing onto Jericho's leg. He's pyutied back down continues climbing. People hang off of hin. 84. They bite into his flesh like rabid dogs and tear at him. kicks and hits at then. Christine reaches the top of the ladder. One hand clutche the ladder as the other pushes up on the manhole.
110) 0) text: Overhead the SKIES glow RED with fire. The crimson clouds march against the sun, choking off the light. As Jericho and Christine emerge from below, they see anot piece of hell. Ahead, a handful of men wearing business s drag a Buddhist Monk into the street and dump gasoline on The leader pulls out a match, ‘laughing. Lights it. ‘BAM! Blood erupts on the Leaders hand. Jericho re-ains h gun at the leaders head.
110) 1) dialog: (to the Monk) Run! The Monk scrambles to his feet and takes off.
110) 3) dialog: Come on. They back away. Many of the followers point and scream. Jericho and Christine break into a run. They pursue. Another wall of RED EYES approach from another direction cutting them off. Jericho fingers his gun. They're surrou 85. JERICHO (cont'd) How many rounds?
110) 5) dialog: Get in! He unlocks the door. Christine jumps in and slams the doo shut, locking it. A moment later the followers are at her window. Jericho rips the cowling off the steering wheel. As he attempts to jump the car, hands reach in through the smas window. Jericho fends them off but they get a grip on him try to pull him from the car. SMASH! Christine turns. A guy is smashing a brick against window. SMASH! The saftey glass pebbles but does not give JERICHO (cont'd) Christine... the ignition... the red - and green wires. Christine leans over to the ignition. Frantic, and not su what to do, she pulls wires and tries to connect then. Bodies choke off all light as the followers crawl all ove the vehicle like a swarm of ants. Jericho has been pulled halfway out of the window now. Pighting... struggling to get back inside. SMASH! The passenger window shatters and gives. Tiny shar or. safety glass rain all over Christine. Hands reach in VROOOM! - The engine roars to life. Christine's wired it! The minions unlock the passenger door. JERICHO (cont'd) Get us cut of here! Christine pulls the car into gear and it starts to slowly roll. But the Minions pull the door open and dive into the car. _ Christine lunges beneath the dash and slams her hand on accelerator. —
110) 9) dialog: It's New York. Lightning explodes across the sky.
111) 0) text: Bonfires everywhere. Gangs attecking pedestrians, people being beaten, a toppled bus on f. A group of Cops are shooting at a frightened woman. Every she tries to run, they open fire... pinning her down. she mutters prayers under her breath. Im the middle is... Detective Francis. Francis sees the B drive by. He IDs Jericho and the Christine. 87. Dore. FRANCIS Son-of-a-bitch. He waves to the other police officers. They huddle around him. The woman uses that moment to make her escape down t alley. None of the cops notice.
112) 0) text: Jericho drives through the obstacle course of bodies, bur out cars, and trash. SMASH! They're jarred as they're hit from behind by... A POLICE CRUISER.
113) 0) text: Three POLICE CARS pull behind the Buick. One of them hang its tail and the other two pull up around then. Jericho swings the car back and forth, trying to slam the cars out of the way. But they squeeze hin.
113) 1) dialog: Get down! Christine ducks. The rear window explodes from a shotgun shell. BAM. BAM. They're slammed around again. Jericho spots a l post up ahead. He jockeys ahead of one of the police cars swings his wheel around hard. Metal grinds. The cruiser swings over and... SLAMS into the LAMP POST. _ The Buick bounces off the cruiser and Jericho steers it u ento the sidewalk. The cops give chase. The police cruise shatter pnrming meter after parking meter as they xace af the ° Jericho spins back onto the street at the next corner. On the police cars can't keep up. It takes the turn too wide smashes into a FLAMING CAR and explodes. The last police car pulls side-by-side with Jericho. Jericho glances over to see Francis at the wheel. Jericho Jockeys with him. Francis swings his wheel, smashing into Buick. The Buick spins out, bounces off the curb and come a halt in the middle of the street. Its engine dies.
113) 3) text: Jericho tries to re-jump the car, crossing the ignition w Meanwhile, Francis doubles back in his cruiser, eyeing th Buick which sits dead in the road like a lame duck. . Francis floors it. He going to ram the Buick. Christine s him coming.
114) 0) text: Jericho steers the car up the onramp. He has to slam on h breaks to avoid hitting a mass of New Yorkers racing down parkway, carrying their children and clutching their meag belongings. A stream of cars sits silently, abandoned hou ago in a massive traffic jam.
114) 2) dialog: Get out of the car. Christine and Jericho bail. A moment later, Francis comes barreling up the onramp and slams into the empty Buick. Francis pulls himself from his deployed airbag and steps of the wrecked police cruiser. He holds a 12 gauge shotgu and scouts for Christine and Jericho. Christine steps out from behind the car.
114) 4) dialog: Keep going... Jericho looks north to the George Washington Bridge... JERICHO (cont'd) - It's another mile to the bridge.
114) 7) dialog: Come onl Christine and Jericho join the trail of refugees. But the earth begins to rumble.
114) 9) dialog: He knows we're trying to leave.
114) 11) dialog: We'll try the tunnel. They look DOWNTOWN - The boiling water parts and... A giant concrete shell rises - THE LINCOLN TUNNEL, cracked right down the middle. Cars s forth from its end and bodies float to the surface.
114) 13) dialog: I can't.
114) 15) dialog: We're gonna make it; Together.
114) 17) dialog: This way. He clizmbs over the safety railing, then helps Christine. as the Followers reach out to grab them, they jump fallin about twenty feet down an exbankzent. The Followers chase them. But around the corner screams a black Limousine, cutting off the Followers. The rear doors fly open, and Jericho and Christine dive i the back. The doors close and the Limousine screeches away. sl. Int. LIMO - DAY Chicago steers the limo past the mob of followers.
114) 18) dialog: How'd you find us?
114) 20) dialog: God isn't doing this. (beat) Take us to the vault.
116) 1) dialog: We should be safe here as leng as we weren't seen.
117) 2) dialog: What's wrong?
117) 4) dialog: Put your hand on the scanner.
117) 8) dialog: What do you mean, deceased?
117) 11) dialog: IZ it is you, forgive me.
117) 13) text: a“ Jericho opens fire, blowing Chicago away. Every bullet bl rotting flesh, smoke and molten lava down the corridor.
117) 15) dialog: - Ge to hell.
117) 17) text: Jericho slams down on the scanner, the laser scans his ha
118) 2) dialog: Hunter Security's nuclear shelter. Four hundred feet below Manhattan. Jericho flips on the central console.
118) 4) dialog: Seeing what's out there. Security Video warms up showing the approach to the entra of the vault. He sees Followers crowding in. JERICHO (cont'd) Don't worry. They can't get down here. He hits another series of switches. Snowy images of a newscaster drift onto the main screen.
118) 6) dialog: There's nothing to do but wait. Jericho looks at the clock on the wall. Six hours to midnight. Then he notices blood seeping through the back Christine's shirt. JERICHO (cont'd) You're bleading.
119) 0) text: The Man walks down the street. Looting goes on all around him. A group of followers walk behind him, becoming an ar Iyr. VAULT - NIGHT Christine leans forward with her shirt in her lap. The re of her back is streaked in blood. Jericho hovers over her plucking the glass from her skin. She winces.
119) 2) dialog: This Protector of yours never showed up. I couldn't leave you alone.
119) 4) dialog: You heard the Priest. It can‘t be me.
119) 6) dialog: Hold still.
119) 8) dialog: What?
119) 11) dialog: Don't. She pushes away, then pulls her shirt back on.
119) 13) dialog: Wo. Not here. Not now. We deserve better.
119) 17) dialog: We're surrounded by bedrock. Nothing ean get to us. The vault rocks back and forth violently. They're thrown against the floor. Metal twists and buckles. The lights go out. Eerie Red Emergency lighting comes on. They wait, holding their breath. ONE SIDE OF THE VAULT abruptly JERKS UPWARD, followed by other side. It's as if... JERICHO (cont'd) He's pulling us to the surface! The vault leaps and shakes. We can hear earth and stone a metal twist and grind through the steel walls. As the flo pulls up from under them, they slide down to what was the side wall. Tables and chairs and video equipment tumble d on top of them. Jericho covers Christine with his body an takes the brunt of a heavy wooden desk and several comput The Vault jerks upward again, and again, accelerating in 97. JERICHO (cont'd) > Grab hold. Like the express elevator from hell, the earth spits up t vault. Lights flicker, furniture tumbles, equipment shatt Then suddenly all is quiet. A couple of the emergency lights are still lit. Dark and gloomy though, as if in some crypt. Jericho has his body wrapped around Christine. JERICHO (cont'd) Christine? Christine? She blinks her eyes open. Looks up at him. Jericho has a on his forehead. She touches it lightly. There's somethin erotic about her touch. Jericho pulls away. JERICHO (cont'd) We sust be on the street.
119) 19) dialog: The walls are reinforced steel. It'd —, take a miracle to break through them. :
119) 22) dialog: They're holding. The SLAMMING STOPS. A few beats pass. The two of than wai
119) 24) dialog: What? —~ 1
119) 28) dialog: He's melting his way through. The wall before them begins to glow, a dull red at first, then a bright orange. Jericho climbs over debris to the weapons locker, now fac down on the ground. He pulls it open. Inside are weapons. Jericho pulls out a pump-action rifle and loads it.
119) 30) dialog: He was beaten before by other men. Men with nothing better than a sword. A hole appears in the steel as the liquid metal drips awa
119) 32) dialog: Get behind me. The lava hole in the metal grows. Beyond it is a dark silhouette, his hands pressed against the metal.
120) 0) text: The house-sized vault rests beside a huge pit in the road by the Hunter Security Building. Crashed cars are scatter about the intersection. 99. Hundreds of bis followers crowd the streets, like an Arny the Damned. The Man lies on the street, fallen. The crowds look down at the fallen Man, and then at Jeric They cower away as Jericho swings the MP-5 around at the But from the corner of his eyes he sees the Man rise. Jericho turns and opens fire with the MP-5. The rounds dr into the Man, but still he stalks toward Jericho. Jericho backs away, keeping up the barrage of bullets, until he a Christine are pressed with their backs against the wall.
120) 2) dialog: Christine! Try to resist. There's _ nothing he can give you. Christine turns her head and backs away. Jericho pulls himself to his feet, but he's grabbed and h by several of the Followers. He tries to fight them off, with the sheer number of them it's almost impossible. SERICHO (cont'd) Christine, look at me.
120) 6) dialog: Leave her alone. Don't listen Christine. Don't listen.
120) 15) dialog: Help me, please. For godsake.
120) 17) dialog: You're gonna have to kill me. MAN . No... You will not go to heaven and goon your soul, and every other soul, will be mine... mine because you failed. Failed to protect those you loved. Christine crosses to the Man and squeezes his hand.
120) 20) dialog: (almost inaudible) No.
120) 27) dialog: I leve you too. He looks at Emily and then at David... Something's wrong. slows just a little bit. Sadly. He lets David down, lets walk on his own, and then lets the boy's hand slip from h own. — He slows slightly, letting them get ahead of him in the throng. Once they're a few paces ahead, Jericho stops. Pe stream by him as he silently watches his wife and child d away in the crowd. Jericho pushes his way through the stream of humanity unt he breaks out and edges into a dark alley. “He steals away.
122) 0) text: Deserted. Alone, Jericho staggers through the devastation left in t wake of evil. Buildings are on fire. The streets run red with blood. Jericho sees a fallen gargoyle lying on the ground. He li the heavy carved stone and carries it up the steps of a mighty building. Jericho stumbles and falls before it's heavy doors. It is THE ARMORY. Jericho pulls himself up, takes the gargoyle and smashes against the door. The wood splinters.
123) 3) text: A TEN STORY PENTAGRAM stands behind an ALTAR atop a pyram Steps appear on the angle of the pyramid, seemingly forme from the faces of tormented souls. Iyfr. ARMORY - NIGHT A door opens and in steps Jericho, his clothes in tatters his face bloodied. He smiles... : The room is filled with a CACHE of MILITARY ARMAMENTS. Quick cuts as he -- GRABS an MK19 MOD3 AUTO~FEED GRENADE LAUNCHER -- Pulls down a SHOULDER LAUNCHED STINGER MISSILE -- Straps on AMMO BELTS -- Slings on TWO M-16 MACHINE GUNS --
123) 4) text: One of them roars to life. It's headlights fall on a LOCKED GARAGE DOOR. - Jericho steps out of the driver's seat. Reaches in back. Withdraws the SHOULDER LAUNCHED STINGER MISSILE. Fires. THE MISSILE FLIES from its launcher and...
123) 6) dialog: Tine to give the Devil his due. Jericho slides back into the HUMVEE and peels out.
124) 0) text: Jericho steers the Humvee through the obstacle course of -viot debris. In the distance he sees the glowing fiery l of Times Square, but just up ahead is an archway. “-_
124) 4) dialog: = lied.
124) 6) dialog: I'm not seeking death. Jericho levels the MK19 GRENADE LAUNCHER. JERICHO (cont'd) I'm sending you back to Hell. SHWUMP! He FIRES. The GRENADE IMBEDS in the Man's chest. 107. a BOOM! It EXPLODES. The Man catapults backward twenty feet slamming into the concrete. Shwump! shwump! Jericho fires two more grenades at the Man as he struggle his feet. BOOM! BOOM! They explode with unbelievable force. The Man tumbles down the roadway like he was hit by a tra and collapses in a pile of broken flesh. Jericho crosses to him and looks down at what used to be Man's face. But now it's all sinews and singed skin.
124) 11) dialog: Times change. Welcome to the twenty first century. - vy
126) 2) dialog: ZI can‘t...
126) 4) dialog: What more can I do? All around him he see religious icons. A STATUE of CHRIST ON THE CROSS. A TAPESTRY of ST. GEORGE SLAYING THE DRAGON. A PAINTING of DAVID SLAYING GOLIATH And A statue of MICHAEL THE ARCHANGEL WIELDING A MIGHTY S AGAINST A SERPENT. Everywhere be iooks in the burning church, be sees ects o
126) 6) dialog: Help me. Please. In answer to his prayer, there is silence.
128) 0) text: The GROUND SHAKES. Stones fall from the roof of the churc The CRUCIFIX FALLS smashing into the STATUE OF MICHAEL. MICHAEL TUMBLES. It slams into the floor, shattering. When it does, Michael's SWORD breaks free from his hand. Jericho sees the sword. He's transfixed by it. He picks i up. It's a simple blade and pommel, forged of bronze. He takes off his M-16s and tosses them to the ground. eo» then turns and heads toward the door, armed only with this sword and his belief. ExT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT ‘The portal continues to rumble further and further open. _Yollowers fall to theiz knees in silent prayer of the co dawn of evil's reign. Christine lies silent on the altar, her eyes closed in rapture. The glowing fires of hell illuminate her face.
129) 0) text: Jericho emerges from the fiery structure of the church to Satan reaching down for Christine on the altar. Jericho bellows...
129) 1) dialog: Lucifer! Satan turns. He sees Jericho, beaten and bloodied, lookin like the Devil himself.
129) 3) dialog: Until you finish me.
129) 6) dialog: (to Satan) You cannot trick me!
129) 9) dialog: tides! My family is dead. And Jericho swings his sword at his wife and son. As tHe blade strikes flesh, the two become terrifying DEM They cry cut in horror as they melt into the air. 1123.
129) 11) dialog: I may be just a man. But I am made in the image of my maker. (beat) And I have faith. Satan pauses and sits on his haunches, trying to leok int Jericho's heart. JERICHO (cont'd) It is in my power to defeat you. Satan's terrifying head swings over him. Jericho slowly raises the bronze sword to the ready. Satan backs away.
129) 13) dialog: - The weapon doesn't matter. The battle is won within. The Beast's claw swipes at Jericho. Jericho brings the sw to bear. We see a flash of metal. A shower of sparks. The Beast roars back, in real pain for the first time. Jericho advances, thrusting at the Beast. The sword flash in the flames of fire and it becomes FORGED OF STEEL, ITS HANDLE CRUSTED WITH JEWELS, just like the swords in the illuminated manuscripts. THE SWORD OF FAITH. The BEAST ROARS BACK. His sharp tail whips around like a scorpion's, stabbing a Jericho. Jericho parries and thrusts back. Jericho stabs the tail of the Beast. It recoils in pain a siams into Jericho sending him flying through the air. He lands on the steps of the temple, his momentum sending hi tumbling down. THE BEAST claws down the stone steps. The TEMPLE shakes with every step. Fires burn in satan's eyes. His body bristles with spikes.
129) 17) dialog: You can offer me nothing. Satan reels back. Jericho advances. ATOP the TEMPLE - IN THE MIDST OF BATTLE, THE NEW YEARS B BEGINS TO DROP. JERICHO (cont'd) I renounce thee. 115. Jericho takes the fight to Satan, driving him back, drivi him down on his knees and as he is about to plunge the into Satan's chest... The ball reaches bottom. Happy new year flashes and... . A mighty trumpet roars. SATAN ROARS a HORRIBLE CRY OF LOSS. Jericho stays his sword. Satan's wings unfurl as a great wind blows pulling him to the opening in the Pentagram. JERICHO (cont'd) It's over. Satan struggles against the winds of heaven that drive hi back toward the swirling pit.
129) 19) dialog: To me, it's enough.
129) 28) dialog: Hold on. Christine's feet are pulled across the threshold. Everyth zumbles. The temple shakes. Christine is caught in a tug of war between good and evil SATAN . I have you now. Let go and come to me. The suction from hell increases. Dying souls all over the world are being sucked into the inferno screaming. All ar them the ghostly souls are pulled in creating a strong wi She still hangs there, as if she was hanging from a precipice, dangling over a twenty thousand foot drop into eternal darkness and damnation. Satan dangles in the hell below clinging onto Christine. The stones are closing in around her.
130) 0) text: Jericho emerges from the front door of the CHURCH. The fl and smoke are thick all around. Fire trucks and police cars slide to a halt in front of t The firemen come rushing up to Jericho, who cradles Chris in his arms.
130) 24) text: SYNOPSIS (continued): Christine for the night, and Chicago sets up a command po outside. Christine wonders what's going on, and Jericho r on Satanic heraldry...and he becomes aware of Satanic pro about the End of Days, when Satan comes to claim a bride over the world. Even the righteous will not survive. As J considers the meaning of this, Satan attacks the command outside Christine's place and blows it up. Chicago and th guards are killed. Jericho begins to drag Christine away safety, but her roommate Rachel then changes into a demon who tries to stop them. Jericho is forced to shoot Rachel When the cops finally arrive on-the scene and see the des (including the dead bodies of Chicago and the guards), th Rachel---in normal human form---dead from Jericho's gunsh cops take Jericho to police hq and hold him and begin ask Christine questions. But at the police hg, Satan arrives to get her. Jericho blocks him and flees with Christine i park----and they're chased by red-eyed minions of the dev finally arrive at St. John the Divine Cathedral. Father M there to help them hide, and he tells them of the coming darkness and that Satan is looking for a bride...the sign doom. But Father Murphy claims the bible tells of a PROTE great faith and virtue, who comes forth to safeguard and the chosen woman. Jericho claims he's couldn't possibly b protector if he's someone of great faith and virtue. Meanwhile...in the city chaos begins to reign. People beg to riot and loot stores. As Jericho tries to secretly ret his apartment, he's confronted by Satan who wants him to where Christine is hiding. Satan offers Jericho anything for this information...but Jericho refuses. Satan then tr throw Jericho to his death, but Jericho manages to grab S toss him to the street below. As Satan impacts on the pav huge crater is made. It doesn't seem as if anything could this fall, but Satan picks himself up and leaves. Jericho approached by Chicago who claims he's not dead but alive; wants to get out of the crazy city. Jericho isn't sure if is a trick or not. Back at the cathedral, meanwhile, a Ca decides to sacrifice Christine to prevent the devil from her. But Jericho arrives and to protect and save her. And same time Satan arrives and begins to entrance Christine. erupts between Jericho and Satan and the cathedral begins collapse into a pile. As Jericho and Christine are dragge pit, they get away and escape into the city sewers. Chris Jericho are chased by not only the devil but his red-eyed followers. Christine wants to get Satan out of her mind-- to have entranced her. Jericho and Christine escape the sewer, finding the city total chaos. The get into a car and are chased once again try to flee the city, the find that bridges and tunnels a destroyed. They finally escape into an underground garage they encounter Chicago again----but Chicago is obviously (oe
130) 26) text: BYNOPSIB (continued): and Jericho finally destroys him. Jericho drags Christine nuclear shelter 400 feet below the surface of Manhattan. wait there, Satan finds them and drags the shelter to the Satan then confronts Christine again, and she must try to him. Jericho is then beaten by Satan's minions, and he cr help. Satan asks Jericho to join him, and finally Jericho succumbs. Satan then addresses his followers and brings f mighty temple in the city. But...Jericho slips away and g armory where he drags out weapons and begins to attack Sa his new establishment. A huge battle erupts, and Satan cl canNOT be destroyed. Jericho is seen kneeling and praying asking for help. Jericho then finds a Sword of Faith, and he attacks Satan, now transformed into a beast. At the sa Christine turns her back to Satan and renounces him. As t rages on, Jericho is finally able to destroy Satan (at le now), and he caries Christine away from the scene in his arms---just as the fire department and cops arrive to tak