4) 0) text: Sheet covered cadavers lie on metal slabs. FACELESS MEN, wearing HOODED ROBES, gather in a small circle in the cen of the room. One of them, the HEAD PRIEST, steps forward takes the baby from the nurse. | The room is lit by the glow of candles arranged in a... Pentagram The Head Priest unwraps the newborn girl and places her i the center of the Satanic symbol.
124) 9) dialog: He HOWLS. _ Jericho scrambles to his feet and retreats to the Humvee.
124) 10) dialog: You dare defy ms, Jericho? I shall cast you into hell like my father did to me at the dawn of time. _Jericho whips cut the Stinger missile and levels it. He pivots back to face the Demon. The Demon sees the missile pointed straight at hin.
124) 14) dialog: You think your armaments can defeat the immortals? Who do you think taught mankind to build weapons? Jericho is enveloped now. He yells, fighting to break fre He rises in the air, twisting and turning until he's face face with THE BEAST. He opens fire with the M-16. But the bullets wounds are barely pinpricks on Satan's horrific scaly body.
124) 15) dialog: Yor thirty thousand years I've walked through the hearts and minds of men and your downfall is my glory. . I have built the gas ovens of — Auschwitz, I have haunted the killing fields of Cambodia, I've spurred good Christians to rape and lect in the name of their Lord, I've sent Muslims on horrific Jihads, and I've scattered the Jews to the four corners of the world. I lit the fire that made Troy burn and I stood by and watched mankind nail the Son of God to a wooden cross. I was there in the beginning on the tree of life. I am the beginning and the end. I am light and I am death. I can not be defeated. I am forever. Satan tosses Jericho away. Jericho sails through the air, arms flailing and SMASHES through the STAINED GLASS WINDOW of a church. Int. CHURCH - NIGHT The glass IMPLODES as Jericho sails through it, heading toward the hard stone floor. “But instead of the floor, he slams into a hanging tapest It collapses under his force, but breaks his want. apeate ry i) 110. Jericho nies balf-doad, a lum in the middle of the thick
125) 0) text: Satan roars and conjures up another fireball and... Launches it at the church! The flames engulf the church. Even the stones catch fire.
127) 0) text: SATAN lays Christine on an altar below a massive STONE PENTAGRAM. Demonic figures are carved around its face.
127) 1) dialog: (in Latin) I command thee as the Lord of Man. Open the Gates to my kingdom! The stone pentagram rumbles and slowly slides open. A FIRESTORM SWIRLS in its center. We see human shapes... vague outlines of the souls of the damned. It's truly a churning pit of fiery death like nothing we' ever seen before except in our darkest nightmare. The GROUND RUMBLES as THE GATES OF HELL open.
129) 0) text: Jericho emerges from the fiery structure of the church to Satan reaching down for Christine on the altar. Jericho bellows...
129) 2) dialog: Jericho, how many times must you be beaten!
129) 7) dialog: You defy me, but can you turn your back on your family again? Can you stand by and watch me pluck their eyes out and rip their flesh from their bones while you watch helpless. David comes to Jericho.
129) 10) dialog: Jericho, I am an Angel of the Lord. You are but a man. How do you expect to defeat me in all my glory? Satan stalks toward him.
129) 12) dialog: You will need more than a piece of metal to defeat me.
129) 16) dialog: Submit Jericho, and I shall make you the king of kings.
129) 18) dialog: Over? It's not over! His scales bristle. His eyes alight with fire. SATAN (cont'd) —_ A thousand years is nothing to me! :
129) 20) dialog: You grow weaker every time. Jericho crosses to Christine on the Altar. She wakes at h touch. Looks up blinking... in disbelief... herself again
129) 22) dialog: You dare to turn your back on me?
130) 24) text: SYNOPSIS (continued): Christine for the night, and Chicago sets up a command po outside. Christine wonders what's going on, and Jericho r on Satanic heraldry...and he becomes aware of Satanic pro about the End of Days, when Satan comes to claim a bride over the world. Even the righteous will not survive. As J considers the meaning of this, Satan attacks the command outside Christine's place and blows it up. Chicago and th guards are killed. Jericho begins to drag Christine away safety, but her roommate Rachel then changes into a demon who tries to stop them. Jericho is forced to shoot Rachel When the cops finally arrive on-the scene and see the des (including the dead bodies of Chicago and the guards), th Rachel---in normal human form---dead from Jericho's gunsh cops take Jericho to police hq and hold him and begin ask Christine questions. But at the police hg, Satan arrives to get her. Jericho blocks him and flees with Christine i park----and they're chased by red-eyed minions of the dev finally arrive at St. John the Divine Cathedral. Father M there to help them hide, and he tells them of the coming darkness and that Satan is looking for a bride...the sign doom. But Father Murphy claims the bible tells of a PROTE great faith and virtue, who comes forth to safeguard and the chosen woman. Jericho claims he's couldn't possibly b protector if he's someone of great faith and virtue. Meanwhile...in the city chaos begins to reign. People beg to riot and loot stores. As Jericho tries to secretly ret his apartment, he's confronted by Satan who wants him to where Christine is hiding. Satan offers Jericho anything for this information...but Jericho refuses. Satan then tr throw Jericho to his death, but Jericho manages to grab S toss him to the street below. As Satan impacts on the pav huge crater is made. It doesn't seem as if anything could this fall, but Satan picks himself up and leaves. Jericho approached by Chicago who claims he's not dead but alive; wants to get out of the crazy city. Jericho isn't sure if is a trick or not. Back at the cathedral, meanwhile, a Ca decides to sacrifice Christine to prevent the devil from her. But Jericho arrives and to protect and save her. And same time Satan arrives and begins to entrance Christine. erupts between Jericho and Satan and the cathedral begins collapse into a pile. As Jericho and Christine are dragge pit, they get away and escape into the city sewers. Chris Jericho are chased by not only the devil but his red-eyed followers. Christine wants to get Satan out of her mind-- to have entranced her. Jericho and Christine escape the sewer, finding the city total chaos. The get into a car and are chased once again try to flee the city, the find that bridges and tunnels a destroyed. They finally escape into an underground garage they encounter Chicago again----but Chicago is obviously (oe
130) 26) text: BYNOPSIB (continued): and Jericho finally destroys him. Jericho drags Christine nuclear shelter 400 feet below the surface of Manhattan. wait there, Satan finds them and drags the shelter to the Satan then confronts Christine again, and she must try to him. Jericho is then beaten by Satan's minions, and he cr help. Satan asks Jericho to join him, and finally Jericho succumbs. Satan then addresses his followers and brings f mighty temple in the city. But...Jericho slips away and g armory where he drags out weapons and begins to attack Sa his new establishment. A huge battle erupts, and Satan cl canNOT be destroyed. Jericho is seen kneeling and praying asking for help. Jericho then finds a Sword of Faith, and he attacks Satan, now transformed into a beast. At the sa Christine turns her back to Satan and renounces him. As t rages on, Jericho is finally able to destroy Satan (at le now), and he caries Christine away from the scene in his arms---just as the fire department and cops arrive to tak