6) 0) text: Grungy, heavily fortified. Joe enters and puts his gun in basket labeled “LOOPERS - BLUNDERBUSSES” Slips down a narrow passage, which ends at a steel wall w a protruding duct taped camera and microphone.
49) 16) dialog: Alright. Joe. Joe climbs into the doorway. Kid Blue stands shakily.
49) 17) dialog: You didn't shoot your other foot off, didja kid? The door closes, and the gat men laugh at the Kid.
50) 0) text: Cluttered, with a big desk. Joe sits, Abe hands him a handkerchief for the ugly gash on his cheek.
50) 1) dialog: My great grandfather always told my grandfather, men's like spiders. It's the little ones you gotta be careful of.
50) 3) dialog: Oh yeah? Well. What the fuck did my great grandfather know.
50) 10) dialog: How can you kids stand those chokers? This, the cravats.
50) 12) dialog: Ridiculous. You're aware we don't have a dress code.
50) 15) dialog: You know, you don't know, the movies you're dressing like were copying other movies. Goddamn 20th century affectations, do something new. Put a glowing thing around your neck or use... rubberized.. (waves at Joe's suit) Be new.
50) 18) dialog: I do like you, Joe. But we're sure enough Seth paid you a visit we're gonna hafta do something about this.
50) 20) dialog: You're expecting we're gonna break your fingers with a hammer or something awful, and I'm going to diffuse that tension right now, that isn't going to happen. What's going to happen is, I'm going to talk for a little, not even that long, then you're gonna give up your friend.
50) 27) dialog: Well then I'll talk a little. You know you were the youngest looper I ever hired? You looked goddamn ridiculous they said, the blunderbuss up to here on you. But I remember they brought you in, I forget what it was for,
50) 29) dialog: That's yeah, you had rolled one of our fronts, a watch shop. And they had you, your arms pinned, this kid. Like an animal. But you looked at me, your hair stuck to half your face so just this one eye looking at me. And I thought what's this kid lived through, what he had taken away from him. What's he lost. And I could see, like seeing it happen clear as seeing it, the bad path in front of you, the bad version of your life. Like a vision I saw it happen, you turning bad. So I cleaned you up and put a gun in your hand. I gave you something that was yours.
50) 31) dialog: I gave you something that was yours. And I remember that kid, and I think when you ask yourself you ask who would I sacrifice for what's mine, I think Seth is deep and cozy inside that circle. Pause. Both their eyes go to a hammer sitting on the desk
50) 32) dialog: That hammer's there for something else later, that's not, it's a bad coincidence.
50) 34) dialog: Show you how much I know you, I'm not even gonna break you, just set you back a ways.
50) 41) dialog: We know you've been stashing half your bars. Which is smart. You give up Seth, or you give us half your stash. For Seth. Joe holds Abe's gaze for a moment, then his eyes drop and it's over.
50) 43) dialog: No. Would be too cataclysmic a change to the future. What we'll do is dangerous in that regard, but not as dangerous as killing him, and not by twice as having him run free.
50) 46) dialog: It's the little ones that get you.
51) 0) text: Abe leads Joe out, past gat men and Kid Blue, smirking ag
51) 1) dialog: Why don't you kill an hour, Joe. On the house. After Joe exits, Abe and Kid exchange looks.
109) 6) dialog: He ain't dumb like the last, we gotta get lucky now. Cover the roads out of town. Sweep the streets, pull in his social circle, pound the pavement.
110) 0) text: Map spread on a table. Gat men gathered around Abe.
110) 2) dialog: Maybe. Sweep the train yard. Every second that passes is bad, go.
111) 0) text: Kid Blue slumps in a chair, holding a rag to a wound on h head. Eyes wet from crying. Abe storms in.
111) 1) dialog: Stupid little shit.
111) 3) dialog: Well that's what happens when you fire a gat in a steel box you stupid little shit.
111) 5) dialog: Go home and let the grown ups work. Kid Blue.
118) 0) text: The peephole screen on the inside of Seth's apartment doo Kid Blue manipulating a device, a shower of sparks blows screen out momentarily, and the door swings open. Kid Blue storms in, his gun drawn, sweeping through the apartment with over-eager purpose. Empty. He deflates. Thinks. Goes to the peephole screen, touches it and a menu comes A little manipulating, and the image is rewinding. An empty hall, scanning back half an hour. Then: young Jo Kid Blue stops scanning, hits ‘PLAY'. Joe feels around door jam, retrieves a key, and enters the apartment. Kid Blue exhales. Well Joe was here. Taps the screen again, it goes back to a live feed, and h about to step away when his eye catches something. He pushes a square on the screen, and the view changes. T live feed from a camera in the ceiling of the apartment. Excited, Kid rewinds this half an hour. On the screen: Joe enters the apartment. Rifles around a little, then sits at the table. Head in his hands. Starin into space. Then goes to a kitchen drawer, opens it, gets something. Goes to the front door, takes something off the wall, bri exits. Kid Blue stops the screen. He goes and sits where Joe sat. Stares where Joe stared. The kitchen counter. A blender, sink. Can labeled “COFF Kid goes to the kitchen drawer Joe opened, pulls it open. It's full of knives. Kid goes finally to the door, looks at the wall. A small rack for keys, several hanging and one empty hook. Kid Blue stares into space, trying to put these pieces together. Lights a cigarette.
141) 0) text: Abe stands fuming, flanked by two Gat Men. Kid Blue sits like a kid in detention.
141) 1) dialog: Well. You found him. And you russeled up a posse and went to git ‘em. Like a good little cowboy from one of your movie movies. Without telling me.
141) 3) dialog: You can fuck up again? Really. You know what happens to me if I don't get that old bastard? I got too much riding, Kid, I can't afford a fuck-up playing cowboy. Put your gat on the table. Fighting tears now, Kid puts his gun on the desk. But he doesn't take his hand off it.
198) 0) text: A Gat Man briefing Abe, who hasn't gotten much sleep late GAT MAN 1
198) 1) text: -spotted him coming out of a sewer tunnel on the west end, he's on the RUN ABE
203) 0) text: A motel style building. Gat Men in cars pass occasionally with spotlights and radios, but the activity has calmed. Old Joe slips around a corner. Staying hid. Checks the address on the map. 12 Talbott Dr, #205. Makes a break for stairs leading to the 2nd level. But ju at that moment a car pulls into the building's lot. Old Joe ducks under the stairs. Holding his breath. The car parks. Door slams. Footsteps. A WOMAN. Slumping exhausted, up the stairs. And through the slatted steps Old Joe sees her face flash It is Suzie, the girl from Abe's brothel. Old Joe's face, pure disbelief. He recognizes her instantly. It can't be. He gingerly steps half a foot out. Looking up he can see apartment doors above. Suzie walks down the landing. Towards apartment 205. Jesus it can't be. Then she passes it. Keeps walking. Old Joe's eyes, relieved. She stops at the next door over, knocks. It opens, vaguel indistinct conversation between her and the girl that answers. SUZIE
214) 7) text: The fuck are you still doing in town, Abe wants you dead man KID BLUE
214) 8) text: All Abe wants right now is the looper. Unless he got him last night? CANADY
214) 15) text: I'm gonna bring him in, get right with Abe. CANADY
214) 16) text: Yeah, maybe you bring him the looper, but short of that Abe don't get right with priced men. KID BLUE
240) 5) text: I got eighty large in pure gold, I take my looper back in and get right with Abe, whatever he gives me back I'll split it with you. JESSE
242) 1) text: I know you got no options you take the one you got but Joe, you aint gettin right with no one. Looper or no, you're beyond saving. As long as Abe's got one Gat Man standing, he'll be hunting you till his dying day. Joe's face falling.
254) 1) text: He's there. Lost his signal five minutes ago, right after he sent word he had him. Joe. Abe slumps in a chair, taking oxygen from a tank. ABE
260) 1) text: We got everyone here. All our men. ABE
263) 0) text: Empty. Old Joe kicks the door open. Takes it in, the office. Hammer on the desk. He reloads a gun. Eyes find the door to Abe's inner den.
264) 0) text: Abe and two Gat Men, guns out, crouched behind the table. Watching the door. A display screen shows Old Joe on the other side. Abe, eyes dull. Shouts at the door ABE
269) 0) text: Abe, shot once in the head, twice in the chest. Kid Blue stands over them. Stunned. Tears well in his eyes. Then on the wall, he sees the map. The farm circled in re