155) 0) text: Sara tries to pick Cid up but he dodges, walks up the sta
155) 1) dialog: Who's that man?
156) 1) dialog: No he's not.
156) 3) dialog: His shoes are too shiny.
157) 1) dialog: Is he sick?
157) 8) dialog: Will he get better?
157) 10) dialog: Promise?
157) 12) dialog: Night Sara. Lingers over him in the pale light. Then goes.
158) 0) text: A darkened highway, the lights of the farm house distant. small STAKE BED TRUCK rumbles up, stops on the soft shoul Sara at the wheel. Sits a second. Then climbs out. Roughly pulls Joe out of the flatbed. He lands in the dir Sara avoids looking at him, closes up the flatbed. Joe weakly grabs her ankle. She pries his hand off, and discovers CID'S CUP in the dirt beside him. Takes it angrily, strides back to the truck.
159) 0) text: Sara gets in, drops Cid's cup on the seat beside her. Loo in her rear view mirror. Leaving a man to die. Looks down at Cid's cup. For a long moment.
173) 0) text: Cid draws at the kitchen table. Sara enters.
173) 2) dialog: The man's up. Sara stiffens, looks out the window.
173) 3) dialog: Is he staying here now?
185) 2) text: This is my son Cid's birthday. And this is the hospital he was born in. Joe's face, taking this in.
191) 16) text: Dunno what we've got but I'll look. She spots Cid at the screen door, watching them. SARA (CONT'D)
191) 17) text: Cid. She goes to take him inside. JOE
192) 0) text: Sara leads Cid back into the house. SARA
192) 4) text: Help him what? CID
192) 7) text: Cid squirms out of her grasp, bats her away with a light angry slap. She grabs his arm harder.
194) 0) text: but it's Joe who wakes up with a start. Slumped against t steps, gun in hand. Cid's hand on his forehead. Cid steps back quickly, puts finger to his lips. Shhh.    
195) 0) text: Cid leads Joe inside, beckoning him to follow.
196) 0) text: Dark. Cid leads Joe to the kitchen table. Laid out on it: an arrangement of toys. With the deliberateness of a man at work Cid clicks on a flashlight and sets it on the table. Works on several toys, cracking open cases, pulling out wires. Hands moving fast. Joe sits, watching Cid. CID
196) 1) text: Hand me that Phillips. Joe hands him the screwdriver. Cid keeps working. CID (CONT'D)
196) 3) text: What are we doing here? CID
196) 4) text: Commundication. He pushes a button on a small plastic box in his hands, a an identical one next to Joe lights up. The way Joe looks at Cid changes slightly. CID (CONT'D)
196) 6) text: How do you do that? CID
196) 8) text: Smart. CID
196) 9) text: Do you kill people? Joe half laughs. Cid keeps working, his face in shadows. AFTER AWHILE: JOE
196) 13) text: Uh huh. Cid looks at him in the dark. Not scared at all. Then he goes back to fitting the backing on a toy. A long beat, Joe thinking. Broken by a PIERCING NOISE. They both jump - the toy truck Joe has idly played with i shrieking, sirens blaring. Joe fumbles with it, Cid reaches over and switches it off they both freeze. And look up at the ceiling. Silence in the house. With a look of reproach beyond his years, Cid takes the t from Joe and finishes up his work.
196) 15) text: She's not my mom. My mom got killed when I was a baby. Someone bad, bad men killed her. Cid sets the two finished BUZZERS on the table. JOE
196) 16) text: I'm sorry. CID
196) 17) text: Sara doesn't think I remember cause I was a baby. But I remember my mom. I couldn't stop her getting killed. I don't remember it all but I remember. I was a baby. I couldn't do anything. I couldn't stop it. Cause I was a baby. Cid is crying. Joe has never been more at a loss. JOE
196) 21) text: She's not my mom. She's a liar. With one last look back at Cid in the dark, Joe exits.
201) 3) text: I found a, in the barn I found some parts, and I made a, thing. Joe pushes one of Cid's BUZZERS into her hands, which we see is a colorful plastic frog toy with a light bulb nose JOE (CONT'D)
201) 16) text: I had Cid when I was twenty two. But I didn't want to give up my life. In the city. The word “city” has weight for her. Implies volumes.
201) 19) text: Cid told me. You have to talk to him about it. Icy silence from Sara, and an odd stare. SARA
205) 0) text: Sara vacuums while Cid plays with toy trucks.
207) 0) text: Sara sits on the floor with Cid, putting numbered tiles o plastic multiplication table. SARA
207) 1) text: Where does 56 go? Good. 21. CID
207) 3) text: I don't know, awhile. That's a good question. Where's it go. Good, there. 32. CID
207) 5) text: Joe? CID
207) 10) text: Baby. Let's do this now. You have 32 there, I know you know this one. CID
207) 12) text: Cid. 32. She goes to the window, looks out, nervous. But it's just a loose LAUNDRY LINE down in the yard, whip in the wind against its metal pole. In the distance, Joe paces the yard. Relieved, Sara returns to Cid. He sets the tile, petulant SARA (CONT'D)
207) 13) text: No. Eight times three is what? CID
207) 15) text: Eight times three is what? CID
207) 17) text: I want you to count three eights. CID
207) 19) text: Are you telling me you want alone time? CID
207) 21) text: Okay. Why don't you put that where it belongs? Deliberately, Cid lifts the tile and sets it straight bac down on the same spot. SARA (CONT'D)
207) 25) text: Ok. I told you to stay away from HIM CID
207) 27) text: Do you think I'm stupid? CID
207) 29) text: I told you already Cid is building into a temper tantrum fast. CID
207) 31) text: You do what I tell you CID
207) 32) text: You can't tell me what to do you're not my mom. (a deadly beat) You're not my mom! You're a liar and you're gonna get killed and you won't stop lying! Cid lunges at her, Sara slaps him back. Not hard, but Cid scoots back, eyes furious. SARA CID BABY CID
207) 33) text: You're a liar! Liar! I hate you because you're lying! I hate you! Liar! You're lying to me! Sara scoots back. SARA CID CID
210) 0) text: Closes the heavy door. Turns on a small LED light. And waits. Cid's screams distant but not lessening.
211) 0) text: Cid's screams from the house, clear as day. Joe paces in front of the barn. Turns his head back towar the house, not sure what to think. The screams stop. Joe turns uneasily back to the swaying corn.
212) 0) text: The math game scattered, numbered tiles everywhere. Cid l face down on the bed, cried out. Sara enters quietly. Sits on the bed beside him. Strokes his hair. He folds into her, and they're holding each oth tight.
216) 0) text: Sara lies with Cid, both asleep. Distant but sharp, a bell ringing. It's unmistakable this time. The DINNER BELL. Sara's eyelids flutter. She hears. Stiffens. The bell stops suddenly. She stands, careful not to wake Cid.
219) 3) text: Tween you me and a lamppost? No. Sweet kid. But he's wanted. My boss has half the city's looking for him. Half the city and me. So. And if you find him, there's a helluva price. Think on that if he comes by, acting sweet. Behind the couch, Joe crouches unseen. He looks up and se Cid in the foyer, standing halfway down the stairs.    
219) 6) text: Drafts, in the house. Jesse is already moving fast to the kitchen. The instant Jesse exits, Cid appears again in the hallway. Opens a small door under the stairway and beckons Joe.
220) 0) text: Cid follows him in, down steep concrete stairs. Pulls the door closed behind them. It CREAKS. Jesse steps out into the hallway, gun drawn. Sara behind him. JESSE
222) 0) text: Dark and earthy. Cid leads Joe with his flashlight.
223) 0) text: Just outside the barn, a trap door covered with earth ope two inches. Joe and Cid prop it open, and peer out at the house.
224) 0) text: A deep large hole capped with a wooden trap door. Joe squats, Cid stands. CID
224) 2) text: Thank you granddad. CID
224) 8) text: But I got away. And I ran and I ended on a train, sitting in the dark in an empty freight, going to the city, and I saw myself over and over killing those men who bought me and who got my mom on what she was on. Finding them and tearing them apart. Saving my mom. CID
224) 11) text: There's just men figuring out what they'd do to keep what's theirs, what they got. That's the only kind of man there is. CID
225) 0) text: Joe reaches down to help Cid out. Looking down at Cid in hole with a trap door. Like Seth. He grabs Cid's hand and lifts him out. Sara comes out, sees Cid and her face breaks with relief. Cid runs to her, and in the distance they embrace.    
235) 3) text: Don't wake Cid. She pulls him to the bed, lifting his shirt off. The rain starts to fall against the windows. LATER
235) 10) text: When I came back, after my sister died. Cid was sitting on the porch, I remember seeing him for the first time, in two years. (MORE)    
244) 1) text: We're going now. We're gonna go to my truck, you're gonna CREAK. Cid on the stairs, sleepy eyed. Jesse, purely on instinct, spins and draws on Cid. Cid's POV - Jesse's gun, snapping like a snake, barrel leveled at him. Cid makes a strange shouting noise, falls back. Everything slows down.
246) 0) text: The room darkens. As if the sun passed behind a cloud. Jesse realizes it's a kid. Lowers his gun. But Cid is mid scream, falling back, his foot misses the step and he tum down the stairs. Confused, terrified, falling. Joe runs into the foyer, to catch Cid. Sara runs behind him. The room is very dark now. Knick-knacks around the room rattle, then LIFT INTO THE AIR. All of them. Floating. Spinning. Sara's LIGHTER, on the coffee table: it RISES into the air.
248) 0) text: Fog clears - Joe is almost to Cid, who is still tumbling, nearly at the bottom of the stairs.
249) 0) text: But just before he reaches him, Sara shoves Joe from behi Shoving him TOWARDS THE FRONT DOOR. He's confused but her face is set. Cid hits the hardwood floor of the foyer, face contorted rage now, hand raised to Jesse, palm outstretched. Screaming. His scream louder than it should be.    
251) 0) text: Frozen in a tableau - Cid screaming, raw power. Jesse EXPLODING. A bright red fan.
253) 1) text: The Rainmaker. A bare bulb hanging from the ceiling turns on. A six year old girl's room. But the only person in it is Blue. He shoots Old Joe with a blue tazer. Old Joe hits the ground, mouth foaming, paralyzed. Knowin the answer now, knowing the who and the how but helpless defeated. Kid Blue kicks him in the face.     CID    
256) 1) text: Cid! Cid!
257) 0) text: Joe bursts out of the screen door, holding his Blunderbus and wiping off Jesse's gat. Bloody Cid-sized footprints lead out the screen door and streak across the lawn, into the corn. Sara comes out after Joe, sees him heading for the corn. SARA
257) 4) text: That happened to her. Cid. (BEAT)
257) 12) text: You stay away from him! Cid! Cid! She runs into the corn.
258) 1) text: Cid! Make a noise baby, call to me! Cid! WITH JOE through the corn, following traces of blood on t stalks.    
259) 0) text: Joe emerges from the corn. Cid crouches at one end of the small clearing. He looks a Joe. Terrified. Half covered in blood. Hair matted over one eye. Joe looks back at him. Approaches him, gun not raised, bu in hand. Cid, like a frightened animal. A long moment. And just like that, Joe puts his hand on Cid's head. Cid leans against his legs, crying. Sara bursts into the clearing, sees this. Runs to Cid and embraces him, wiping the blood from his face. Joe steps b JOE
259) 1) text: Right now two things have happened. My looper knows Cid's the kid he's looking for, and my gang knows I'm here. So in fifteen minutes one or both is coming down that highway. You pack up the Gat Man's truck, whatever you can fit in ten minutes, and you drive North away from the city. SARA
270) 0) text: Clothes and boxes piled in the back of Jesse's truck. Sar loads one last bundle. Calls to Cid, in the front seat. SARA
273) 0) text: They roll down the dirt road that leads to the highway. At the far end of it, at a distance but walking towards t is the dark figure of Old Joe. Gun in hand. Sara hesitates a minute, then guns it. Straight for him. CID STOP SARA
273) 1) text: Duck down baby CID
273) 3) text: Just stay down Half the distance closed, but he's still far off. A shot cracks the front grill, another cracks the windshield. CID
273) 4) text: Stop! The truck lurches horribly, and flips straight back in a graceful arc, landing upsidown. Sara and Cid, dazed, hanging by their seatbelts. SARA
273) 5) text: Are you ok? CID
273) 10) text: Go! They both sprint off the road. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA The wide bare field. Cid runs ahead towards the corn, Sar not far behind. The earth soft, their feet sink in, like nightmare.
274) 0) text: Old Joe crosses the road and chases them onto the field, firing at them on the run. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA Bullets thunk in the earth. Sara stumbles, exhausted. Cid turns, about thirty feet ahead of her.
275) 0) text: Old Joe stops running and steadies his gun. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA A distant gunshot CRACK. A fan of crimson blood sprays fr Cid's head. His neck twists and he crumples to the ground SARA
275) 2) text: No Cid no! The topsoil of the earth around them RISES in a fine dust
276) 2) text: No! With a sudden jolt the field ripples out from Cid, like a stone thrown in a pond. Sara lifts into the air.
278) 0) text: Joe struggling through the fields, limping, desperate. Something like a furious wind rushes through the stalks. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA Cid stands. Intense, eyes dark, in another place.
279) 0) text: Old Joe, suspended mid-air, realizes what's about to happ He lifts his hand defensively and SCREAMS EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA Cid's face straining, about to scream. Cid's focus adjusts from Old Joe to Sara. She floats, reaching out to him. Frightened. Yelling something he can hear but he can see her eyes. Cid's face breaks. He barely mouths the word CID MOM
280) 3) text: Into the fields. Run now baby. Go. CID NO SARA GO NOW CID
280) 5) text: You go! She pushes him away and Cid runs. Then she turns. Standin her ground. Directly between Old Joe and Cid. Old Joe TRIPS in the mud, fumbles his gun. Sees Cid approaching the safety of the CORN STALKS. Blocked by Sar OLD JOE
281) 0) text: Still too far away, struggling as fast as he can, helples Old Joe closes in on Sara. He fires his buss at Old Joe, is way out of range. EXT. FIELD - WITH OLD JOE &amp; SARA Old Joe gets his gun, rises with it. Cid about to hit the stalks. Sara between them.
282) 0) text: Cid nears the corn fields, running. Seconds from safety.    
286) 0) text: Just as Old Joe gets him in his sights, Cid breaches the fields and is gone, vanishing in the stalks. Old Joe lowers his gun, stunned but still frantic. He stumbles towards the corn, still far off, his face breaki Trips, falls in the mud. Corn field vast in front of him. Cid is gone. He lost him. He holds his pocket watch. Sobs Lost.
290) 0) text: Cid sits in a darkened car, holding a bloody rag to his j
292) 0) text: Cid's face. Bloody. Dirty. His eyes full of hate. The train rumbles towards the dark city.
293) 1) dialog: 
294) 0) text: Cid stops just shy of the corn. Turns back to the field. There's his mom, Sara, unharmed and smiling. The bad man gone. The field is empty.    
295) 0) text: We don't see Joe, but far across the field Cid runs to hi mom, into her arms. Sara lifts him, holds him. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA She carries him. Walking fast back towards a far distant figure lying still on the edge of the field. Joe. Then a faint buzz. The flasher, in her pocket. She pulls out. Two flashes. She slows. Stops. Looking at him, far away. Two flashes. CID
295) 2) text: He had to go away, baby. CID
296) 0) text: In the distance, Sara turns away and carries Cid back tow the farmhouse.
297) 0) text: Sara bathes Cid, dresses the wound on his jaw.
298) 0) text: She tucks Cid in, holds him close. Kisses his forehead.