0) 0) text: A pocket watch. Open. Ticking. Swinging from a chain. Held by a young man named JOE in a clearing beside a Kans corn field. Sky pregnant with rain. Waiting. He checks the watch, removes his earbud headphon stands. Without much ceremony a BLOODIED MAN in a suit appears fr thin air, kneeling before the young man. Hands and feet tied. Burlap sack over his head. Muffled screams, gagged. With no hesitation Joe raises a squat gun and blows the m apart with a single cough of a shot.
2) 0) text: Cavernous and empty. Joe carries the body to an iron hatc opens it, and dumps him in.
3) 0) text: A sidecar roadside diner in the middle of nowhere. Joe's truck in front.
4) 0) text: Nearly empty, Joe at a booth listening to headphones. A waitress sets down coffee. Her bright red name tag: BEATRIX.
4) 2) dialog: Bon jour, Beatrix.
4) 4) dialog: Slow. How's the coffee?
5) 0) text: Joe's truck zooms from the flat fields towards a mid size city on the horizon.
6) 0) text: Grungy, heavily fortified. Joe enters and puts his gun in basket labeled “LOOPERS - BLUNDERBUSSES” Slips down a narrow passage, which ends at a steel wall w a protruding duct taped camera and microphone.
6) 1) dialog: Two, Jedd.
6) 8) dialog: Yup. Dale hands four gold bars through the slot as Joe retriev his gun and exits.
7) 0) text: High ceilings, big clean windows overlooking a sooty city Joe finishes smoothing out an oriental rug and scoots a coffee table in place over it. Puts a bebop LP on a turntable.
7) 2) dialog: Bon jour, mademoiselle. Bang!
8) 0) text: Suit-and-tie Joe pulls a tarp off a cherried-out 1992 Maz Miata. Lingers over it. His baby.
9) 0) text: Joe drives through the sooty city streets. A muted beep, he fishes a matchbook sized screen from his pocket.
9) 1) dialog: Yeah Seth? Yeah. Ok.
10) 0) text: A young looper named SETH on the side of the road, kneeli beside a motorcycle without wheels called a SLAT BIKE. He kicks it in frustration. A VAGRANT approaches and SETH pulls a gun, identical to Joe's.
10) 2) dialog: Seth.
10) 4) dialog: That's new. Seth kicks the bike.
11) 0) text: Seth and Joe.
11) 1) dialog: Slat Bikes are all junk. Stick with rubber on the road.
11) 3) dialog: They get respect cause they run the town. How much did that thing set you back? How much? Seth holds a quarter idly in his palm.
11) 10) dialog: Congratulations. You're pulling up with me instead. Joe notices the floating quarter.
11) 11) dialog: And don't, if we're going in, don't do that.
11) 13) dialog: It's tacky, don't do it. Seth catches the quarter, sullen.
13) 0) text: Down the street. Joe tosses the keys to an attendant.
14) 0) text: A dingy stage door in back of the building. Joe and Seth ring a buzzer, smile for a camera, and the door opens.
15) 7) dialog: We'll stick backstage, just meeting up. In and out.
15) 9) dialog: Hardly. Right Seth?
16) 0) text: A claustrophobic maze of twisty halls and passages. DANGEROUS MEN and half naked SHOW GIRLS weave through. Joe expertly navigates the turns, going someplace. Seth struggles to keep up.
17) 0) text: An ornate parlor, LACY WOMEN entertaining men. A velvet curtained doorway leads to back rooms. Joe lingers by the entrance, watching one girl in particu SUZIE. Bold dark eye makeup. A BIG MAN leads her off through the curtains. Joe's eyes drop. Pained. A fat MADAME doesn't look up from her ledger.
17) 2) dialog: So I've read. He ducks out.
18) 0) text: Joe plods. Dale, the Looper from the pawn shop, passes fa Curious, Joe follows. They pass Seth, who tails after the
19) 0) text: A starkly lit steep stairwell leads down. Five or six you loopers gather at the top. Joe and Dale join them.
19) 1) dialog: What?
19) 3) dialog: For what?
19) 5) dialog: No shit? The door at the bottom of the stairs opens, and ZACH, ano looper, steps out. An OLDER MAN'S HAND pats his shoulder then retracts into the door. The loopers watch him in awe.
20) 0) text: Zach stands waiting, checking his wristwatch, gun in hand Obviously performing a similar ritual to Joe's.
23) 0) text: Joe and several other Loopers pass around an EYE DROPPER. Pupils slacken. The drug spins him into a slurred revelry
24) 0) text: Joe staggers out on the dance floor. Miles high.
25) 0) text: Joe and the loopers are kicked out by burly GAT MEN, foll by Kid Blue, pointing and yelling at them. The loopers la their asses off.
26) 0) text: Joe's Miata screams through the abandoned city streets, racing with several other loopers in trucks and sports ca
28) 0) text: Joe drops Seth off at his building with its bright red garage.
28) 6) dialog: Sell that goddamn slat bike back. That's a lot of stupid money.
28) 8) dialog: Alright. Seth stumbles toward his door, checks his pants.
28) 10) dialog: Hey Seth. Seth slumps against the car.
28) 11) dialog: Alright, Zach. What's his payout, 30? 40? If that? That's not going to last you 30 years. And it won't get you overseas.
28) 13) dialog: So in five, ten years you're back to riding the rails, or worse you're like Kid Blue, working as a gat man, wagging your dick at loopers and roughing up shop clerks for payoff money.
28) 15) dialog: Save a little something. Alright? Cause that'll be yours, and then you've got yours and that's all that matters, your life is your own.
29) 0) text: An alarm wakes Joe, red-eyed.
30) 0) text: In his bathrobe, Joe checks his apartment mailbox. A slip folded paper inside, with “14:30” handwritten on it.
31) 0) text: Dressed now, Joe double-checks his french book for a phra and heads out.
32) 0) text: Joe's truck zooms away from the city, into corn fields.
33) 0) text: Joe's pocket watch at 2:29, ticking away. A hog-tied MAN with a sack on his head appears before Joe Shoots the man in the chest, without hesitation.
34) 0) text: Joe sits at a booth, the waitress Beatrix brings his coff
34) 2) dialog: Ravi de te voir, Beatrix.
35) 0) text: JEDD, 70s and knarled, sits in a tiny closet of a work ro Following a BUZZ, Joe appears on a fuzzy monitor, standin the hall.
36) 0) text: Joe smooths out the oriental rug.
37) 0) text: Joe drinks with Dale, watches a group of Loopers celebrat at another table.
37) 2) dialog: Fourth. On the stage, flinging her legs with a line of can-can dancers, is Suzie. The girl Joe watched in the bordello. her dance ends Joe stands and goes backstage.
38) 0) text: Suzie weaves towards her dressing room. Joe catches her.
38) 2) dialog: You working a shift tonight?
38) 5) dialog: Oh.
39) 0) text: Joe bursts back into the club with a vengeance.
40) 0) text: Joe staggers in. Not doing so hot.
42) 0) text: A harsh POUNDING. Joe, flopped on the bed, stirs. Then wakes with a jump, shaky on his feet. Goes to the door. A screen shows nobody in the hall outsi Still punch-drunk, Joe listens. POUND POUND POUND. The window. Joe slides it open. Seth tumbles in off the fire escape.
42) 1) dialog: Jesus, Seth.
42) 3) dialog: No, they're not here. Who?
42) 6) dialog: Seth, sit down here. CRASH! Seth knocks something over in the dark. Joe opens the fridge, pale light. Seth sits at the kitchen table.
42) 8) dialog: Tell me now.
42) 15) dialog: Seth, what did you do?
42) 18) dialog: What did you do? Seth lifts his eyes to Joe.
46) 3) dialog: You fucking idiot coming here. Seth, sucker punched.
46) 6) dialog: You hop a freight train, you beat it the hell out POUND POUND POUND. On the door this time. Seth makes a so like he's going to die, Joe closes the fridge, hisses
46) 7) dialog: Shut up. Don't move. Goes to the door. Two GAT MEN and Kid Blue stand outside.
46) 14) dialog: I can't do anything for you Seth. Seth crumples to his knees, grasping Joe's hand.
46) 16) dialog: Hold on! Watching Seth, Joe's face breaks in a moment of decision. flips the lights on, and briskly pulls back his oriental A FLOOR SAFE with a touch pad. He enters a code, opens it Wide and deeper than you'd expect, lined with gold bars. enough for a man. Seth scrambles in. Joe takes one last look at Seth's frightened, grateful fa framed by the gold bars, then closes the safe and smooths oriental rug. POUND POUND POUND- Joe opens the door. Kid Blue storms in, his gun drawn, sweeping through the apartment with over-eager purpose. One gat man stays outside, the other casually sits at Joe kitchen table. Kid Blue gets in Joe's face.
46) 18) dialog: You think it's easy looking this good?
46) 20) dialog: There's coffee in the tin.
48) 0) text: Kid Blue leads Joe down the stairs and into the door at t base.
49) 5) dialog: Alright, cut it out Kid. You're gonna blow your foot off again. The Kid almost snaps back, but then grins.
49) 7) dialog: C'mon.
50) 0) text: Cluttered, with a big desk. Joe sits, Abe hands him a handkerchief for the ugly gash on his cheek.
50) 2) dialog: Dunno I agree with that.
50) 11) dialog: Ties.
50) 13) dialog: 
50) 16) dialog: Okay. A beat of silence.
50) 17) dialog: Well it was nice chatting with you Abe.
50) 19) dialog: Seth?
50) 21) dialog: My friend Seth? I'm confused.
50) 28) dialog: Watch shop.
50) 30) dialog: You know I'm grateful, Abe. Genuine. But Abe shakes his hands, not where he's going.
50) 33) dialog: Okay.
50) 42) dialog: Will you kill him?
50) 45) dialog: Floor safe, beneath the rug. 6742. One of the gat men quietly exits.
51) 0) text: Abe leads Joe out, past gat men and Kid Blue, smirking ag
52) 0) text: Joe slumps in. Several girls, none of them Suzie.
53) 0) text: A large gat man pushes past Joe. At the end of the hall, Suzie leans in a doorway smoking cigarette. Not sexy, just tired. She sees Joe, and is abo to say no. But she sees Joe's eyes, and doesn't. Exhaling a plume of smoke, she withdraws into her doorway Joe follows. Through her smoke.
54) 0) text: Suzie naked at the mirror. She goes to Joe, lying on the bed, distant.
54) 1) dialog: I can't remember my mother's face. I remember her touching my hair. Like this. He takes Suzie's hand strokes it over his hair. She smile briefly, tired, then takes her hand away and puts drops i his eyes.
54) 2) dialog: Do you want to go overseas?
54) 4) dialog: Soon, maybe.
54) 6) dialog: Is that how it aughta be?
55) 0) text: Joe gets home. Empty, quiet. Everything in place. He goes to the rug, pulls it aside. Opens the safe. All the gold, and nothing else. One bar juts from the sid knocked out of place. He pushes it back, and when he lifts his fingers they hav bright smear of fresh red blood.
59) 0) text: Joe wakes with a start.
60) 0) text: Joe's pocket watch at 2:29, ticking away. He takes his stance. Earbud headphones, the drone of French lessons. A hog-tied MAN with a sack on his head appears kneeling before Joe. Joe raises his gun without hesitation and sho the man in the chest. Walks to the body, flips it. The man's hands, tied and purplish. Joe hesitates. Puts his hand next to them. Similar. He flips the man onto his back, stares long and hard at t shape of the man's face under the cloth sack. Tears it off. An older Asian man's face, frozen in terror Joe smirks, the spell broken. His face hardens.
61) 0) text: Joe watches the Asian man's body slide down the hatch and vanish in a puff of distant fire.
62) 0) text: Our montage comes to an end suddenly and all is silent. Joe in the corn field, in his stance, ready to draw. But nothing happens. Silence. Joe checks his watch, confused. 2:30 and change. Waits. Watching the blank space where th man is supposed to appear. Hand on his gun. Breathing shallow. Something is wrong. 2:32. An eternity. Then, there he is. But different. Not kneeling. On his side, so he flops ove and has to straighten himself. The man's hands are UNTIED Holy shit. Joe raises his gun, scared. Time slows. Finger tightens o the trigger. Then he sees: the man has NO SACK ON HIS HEAD. And the fa that stares back at Joe is his own. 57 YEAR OLD JOE. His eyes fixed on Joe. And for just one split second, Joe's face slackens, and h finger eases on the trigger. It's all the hesitation Old Joe needs. He throws his body into a spin. Joe snaps out of it, and PULLS THE TRIGGER. The shot catches Old Joe square in the back, and the impa blows him forward. But instead of blood beneath his torn jacket's back, we see the layered gold bars spill out. Th caught the blast. In what seems like one fluid motion Old Joe's fingers gra one of the bars, he spins again, throwing handfuls of dir and the bar back towards Joe. Joe flinches, again just for a moment, and when his eyes focus again and his arm steadies the gun it's too late. Old Joe is on top of him, with a heavy blow knocking the aside, and with an even heavier one swinging down on Joe' head, a fist and then
62) 7) dialog: Oh god. Gold bars scattered in the dirt. But no Old Joe. And no truck. Joe staggers to his feet, shaky. Head thick. But realizing.
62) 8) dialog: Late to my own funeral.
63) 0) text: Joe runs, shaky, towards town. Fishes his phone-device fr his pocket, chucks it.
64) 0) text: Across the street, Joe huddles behind a car, breathing ha Looks up at his lit window. Debating.
65) 0) text: Joe walks silently towards his apartment door. It is ajar. He hesitates. Knows he shouldn't.
66) 0) text: Holding his breath, Joe edges in. It's ravaged, torn to pieces. The floor safe is open, about half the gold bars missing. But the apartment seems empty. Exhaling, Joe works quickly. Knocks a tile aside, pulls a wad of cash from the wall. A heavy jacket from the closet Eyes dart around the room - what else? But too late -- footsteps in the hallway. Joe ducks into the bathroom jus as Kid Blue and a TALL GAT MAN enter the apartment.
67) 0) text: Joe crouches. Outside, Kid Blue piles the man's arms full gold bars.
68) 0) text: The Tall Gat Man exits, Kid Blue stays crouched over the floor safe hefting out bars, his back to the bathroom. In the distance, a GUNSHOT. Kid Blue's head perks up. CREAK! From the bathroom. Quick as lightning, the Kid dra his gat and spins - but Joe is already upon him, full spr SLAM! Joe tackles the Kid backwards. But while Joe uses h momentum to leap over the OPEN FLOOR SAFE, the Kid tumble back into it, vanishing inside with a painful thud. Joe scrambles to a stop, lifts the heavy safe trap door a SLAMS it down - just as the Kid's hand grasps the open ed With a sickening CRACK, the trap door closes on the Kid's fingers. A bellowing howl, his fingers withdraw, and the safe door clicks shut. The ELECTRIC BOX rigged to the code pad to crack it clatters off, and whirrrr, CLICK. Locked. Joe, panting, goes on hands and knees to the safe door and sho clear and earnest:
68) 1) dialog: Kid listen Kid. I'm sorry. Tell Abe I'm going to fix this. Tell him keep my bars safe cause I swear to god I'm going to fix this, I'm going to find my loop and I'm gonna kill him. Tell Abe- CRACK CRACK! The wood paneled floor above the safe door splinters upwards with gunshots, and a chunk of Joe's rig ear explodes. More blood than you'd think spills down his neck, Joe fal back. Three more shots - CRACK CRACK CRACK! And now footsteps running down the hall. Joe on his feet, slipping in his own blood, sprints acros the apartment. The TALL GAT MAN appears in the doorway, shooting blindly at Joe, chunks of wall and plaster explo as Joe doesn't stop but JUMPS OUT THE WINDOW.
69) 0) text: 5 floors up, Joe leaps out, hits the fire escape, bullets shattering the window. Blind with blood, ears ringing, Jo barrels down the fire escape. A confused blur of iron ste slipping and scrambling down, but now the tall gat man is the window and shooting down at him. Somehow Joe slips and rolls, grabs at thin air, falling - three stories at least, falling. When he hits the ground the world goes away.
70) 0) text: We abruptly CUT ON to a very familiar scene. Young Joe stands alone in the corn field, in his stance, ready to draw. But nothing happens. Silence. Joe checks his watch, confused. 2:30 and change. This is exactly the scene where Old Joe appears, being replayed before our eyes. But when Old Joe does APPEAR, i different: his hands are tied, his head covered with a sa And something very different happens: Joe raises his gun and without hesitation PULLS THE TRIGG Old Joe's chest explodes. He falls dead. Joe approaches the body, and slows. Sensing something. He pulls off the sack. The face of his older self. Old Joe. He flips him over. Gold bars CLINK beneath a bloody jacke Joe has closed his loop.
71) 0) text: The other LOOPERS buy Joe drinks and cheer him, celebrati
72) 0) text: His belongings in boxes. Joe unloads the GOLD BARS from t trap door.
73) 0) text: Out at sea. Joe, bundled against the cold, leans on a railing, eagerly watching the horizon.
74) 0) text: Joe smoking in window of an empty apartment, half unpacke
75) 0) text: Joe walking the city streets, breathing deep. Alive.
76) 0) text: Joe picks up a bottle of beer. Several FRENCH GANGSTERS in suits shake down the OWNER of shop for money from the register. One holds a gun in the owner's face. Joe ignores them, walks out.
77) 0) text: Loud and dark. Joe shotguns eye drops right out in the op dances like a madman.
78) 0) text: Joe's apartment, unpacked and lived in. Joe smokes. In a NOOK behind a wall panel - stacks of CASH.
79) 0) text: Cloudy and cold. Joe wanders alone. Buffeted by strangers
80) 0) text: Music pumping, Joe deadened at a table, in another world. Beside him a YOUNG PUNK makes a glass float using his TK power, then shatters the glass. Red liquid goes everywher
81) 0) text: Joe takes money from the stacks in the nook, which have g drastically low. LATER - sets a hypo down in the ashtray.
82) 0) text: A GUN in the face of the shop's OWNER. Held by Joe. Sever years older now, in his mid thirties. Dressed in a suit, surrounded by fellow GANGSTERS. Now pa of their gang.
83) 0) text: A shoot-out between rival gangs. Joe's guns blaze. A remorseless killer. Blasting away, cold and skillful. Smashing up shops that won't pay protection. He's muscle.
84) 0) text: A dingy dark hallway. Distant thumping bass indicates it' maybe behind a club. The hall is lined with French Gangster, all similarly dressed. Reminiscent of the Gat Men. It takes us a moment to recognize Joe among them. In his EARLY 40s now. His face a hard weathered mask. A soldier. (Note - it is here we transition from the actor playing Young Joe to the one playing Old Joe.)
86) 0) text: Old Joe high as a kite, in an all out brawl. Punched to t ground. Laughing his ass off. A bar fight blossoms in slow motion all around. Old Joe looks up, sees the woman who will be his WIFE for first time. Long red hair (reminiscent of but NOT Suzie.) a green dress. She flees the fighting, towards the exit. “SORTIE.” Transfixed and high, Old Joe follows her. Puts his hand o her shoulder. She turns, looks him over. Flips him off. Leaves. Old Joe watches her go. In love.
87) 0) text: Old Joe hits on his future Wife, she tells him to fuck of
88) 0) text: Old Joe in bed with his future Wife. They kiss.
89) 0) text: Old Joe shoots up a storefront with his gang.
90) 0) text: Old Joe's future wife yells at him, holding his gun holst accusingly. She throws them across the room. LATER - He holds her in bed, both of them troubled.
91) 0) text: Old Joe driving. Deep in thought. His future Wife beside him, her hand on his. He hits the brakes.
92) 0) text: The car screeches to a halt on a beach side road. Old Joe gets out, runs across the beach to the water, pulling his out of its holster. He fires it out to sea till its empty then throws the gun into the ocean. He runs back to his Wife, standing on the beach. They kis They fall to the sand, and kiss.
94) 0) text: Old Joe sweats and shudders out his drug addiction. His W tends to him.
95) 0) text: Old Joe in his mid 50s, his Wife lying on a hammock with reading. Hands lazily entwined. A good life.
97) 0) text: Lazy, dust motes hanging in the sunlight through the wind Old Joe in bed, in his late 50s. His Wife walks through, says something inconsequential, p her hand on his foot. Draws it away, fingers sliding off gently. And is gone. We stay with Old Joe. His deep breath. The sun warming th sheets. Running water from the kitchen. His eyes focus on his hand. Written in faded ink on the p is a number we do not recognize: 07153902935. A long moment. With all the violence in the world, the cottage's green f door is KICKED OPEN. Joe runs out of the bedroom half dressed, and GANGSTERS g him, taking him down with a rifle butt to the head. His Wife is dragged from the kitchen screaming.
98) 0) text: Dark cars parked out front. We watch the quiet facade for moment too long, violence that we don't want to think abo happening inside. Then the door BURSTS open and Gangsters drag Joe out, sob thrashing and bleeding from his head.
99) 0) text: Concrete, nondescript. The Gangsters carry Joe in, now ho tied. Put a sack over his head. Lead him towards a machine, an iron monstrosity with a ha One of the men taps his watch - hurry. Another man pulls large lever, and the machine hums, warming up. Joe's face, covered with the sack. Breathing. Remembering flashes of his WIFE, screaming. Then Joe LUNGES and somehow his hands are loose, he PUNCH one man, tears off the sack, PUNCHES another man, a flurr and then it's over. He stands among a pile of broken men. Slowly takes stock. Looks at the exit. Looks at the faded number on his blood-smeared hand. A million things in his mind. But just one choice. The machine hums angrily. Ready.
100) 0) text: Like an iron coffin. Old Joe climbs inside. Braces himsel Closes the hatch behind him. Flash and crack and he is sent.
101) 0) text: And appears in front of his younger self. The scene now plays out as it did the first time. Joe hesitates, Old Joe gets the upper hand, knocks him out. Old Joe looks around, gets his bearings. Stares at his younger self a moment. Then goes to the truck.
102) 0) text: Old Joe drives the truck into the city.
103) 0) text: Cramped. Old Joe walks in quickly, gets aspirin, wrapped sandwiches, bandages, big bottles of water. Removes his t jacket, dumps it. At the register, the CLERK bags everything up. Old Joe pu the blunderbuss on the clerk.
104) 0) text: Wearing the clerk's jacket, Old Joe takes four aspirin. Holds his head a minute, rocking gently.
105) 0) text: On the street outside the building. Old Joe approaches, watching the window high above. Weighing his options. He scans the street. Spots an ARMORED VAN in the alleyway Movement from behind it - Kid Blue and the Tall Gat Man loading their bars in the back.
106) 0) text: The Gat Man Driver watches Old Joe disappear from view. Suspicious, he uncovers a GAT on the seat beside him. When he looks back up Old Joe stands in his headlights, blunderbuss raised. BANG! The windshield shatters, the Ga Man Driver is torn apart. Old Joe runs up, flings open the door, digs through the bloody mess frantically, finding the GAT.
107) 0) text: Old Joe dashes out onto the street as gunfire cracks from high apartment window. Sharp eyes will notice that Old Jo right ear is now clipped off, an old wound. He dashes towards the apartment door, gun in hand, but st when the window five stories above shatters with gunfire. Old Joe backs up, and sees Joe scrambling down the fire escape as the TALL GAT MAN fires down at him. Old Joe takes expert aim with the gat, and fires three sh upwards. The Tall Gat Man's gunfire stops. Joe slips on the fire escape, falls two stories and lands the hood of a parked car. Old Joe goes to him, checks his pulse. Behind them the TALL GAT MAN hits the sidewalk with a SPL Old Joe goes to the tall gat man's remains, picks another out of them, and goes back to Joe's inert body on the car hood.
108) 0) text: Joe wakes slowly, pained. Lying alone in an abandoned lot the outskirts of town. Slowly he takes stock of himself. Nothing broken. A tight bandage on his ear. A mournful train whistle, and he turns. Through a chain l fence, the train yard. He was put here for a reason. A man and a young boy in rags hop onto an empty cargo car heading out of town. Joe watches the boy, his eyes angry. Stands shakily. And walks away from the train yard. Something like a HELICOPTER sweeps overhead, a spotlight zigzagging the area. Joe ducks into shadows, heading towa the city.
112) 0) text: More helicopters sweep the streets, searchlights blazing. Cars with Gat Men circle slowly, shining spotlights themselves. Joe leaps from the shadows, ducks behind a dumpster. Bare avoiding the light. He won't last long out here.
112) 1) dialog: Where would I go if I were me.
113) 0) text: Joe finds himself in front of a familiar BRIGHT RED GARAG Seth's apartment. Three stories up, Seth's darkened windo He looks up at it, hesitant but desperate.
114) 0) text: A window shatters inward, punched through by a wrapped fi A big reading hall, empty and dark. The broken window ope Old Joe slides in. Weaves his way past the reading tables finds what he's looking for at a desk. A suspended sheet of thin plastic turns out to be a compu Checking his hand, he inputs the number. Navigates menus windows, information flashing, searching.
117) 0) text: Old Joe finishes printing several large documents that lo like maps. He folds them up, pockets them. Dashes to the window, starts to heft himself up - And sto On his hand, a smooth aged scar. Of an arrow. Pointing to his wrist. Old Joe's breath catches. He pulls down his sleeve, revealing “B” then “E” Then “A then “T”... He bares his arm, reading the e message.
118) 0) text: The peephole screen on the inside of Seth's apartment doo Kid Blue manipulating a device, a shower of sparks blows screen out momentarily, and the door swings open. Kid Blue storms in, his gun drawn, sweeping through the apartment with over-eager purpose. Empty. He deflates. Thinks. Goes to the peephole screen, touches it and a menu comes A little manipulating, and the image is rewinding. An empty hall, scanning back half an hour. Then: young Jo Kid Blue stops scanning, hits ‘PLAY'. Joe feels around door jam, retrieves a key, and enters the apartment. Kid Blue exhales. Well Joe was here. Taps the screen again, it goes back to a live feed, and h about to step away when his eye catches something. He pushes a square on the screen, and the view changes. T live feed from a camera in the ceiling of the apartment. Excited, Kid rewinds this half an hour. On the screen: Joe enters the apartment. Rifles around a little, then sits at the table. Head in his hands. Starin into space. Then goes to a kitchen drawer, opens it, gets something. Goes to the front door, takes something off the wall, bri exits. Kid Blue stops the screen. He goes and sits where Joe sat. Stares where Joe stared. The kitchen counter. A blender, sink. Can labeled “COFF Kid goes to the kitchen drawer Joe opened, pulls it open. It's full of knives. Kid goes finally to the door, looks at the wall. A small rack for keys, several hanging and one empty hook. Kid Blue stares into space, trying to put these pieces together. Lights a cigarette.
121) 0) text: The same from the previous flashback. Old Joe in bed, half asleep. A woman's arm under his neck It slips away, and he kisses its wrist. Comfort, warmth. The woman, leaving. Her hand touches and slides off his foot, moving away.
122) 0) text: Old Joe emerges from the corn fields bordering the sideca roadside diner. Fumbles in his jacket, dry-swallows four aspirin. Regains his footing. Walks around the diner cautiously. Parked in back behind a dumpster, SETH'S SLAT BIKE.
123) 0) text: Joe sits at a booth. Old Joe enters, steps up slowly, sit A moment of silence. Along with his ear, Joe's hand and arm are now wrapped in bloodied bandages. Joe's eyes go to Old Joe's arm. Old Jo pulls his sleeve back and shows him the scar spelling “BEATRIX.” Beatrix the waitress steps up breezily.
123) 6) dialog: I ordered something.
123) 15) dialog: ...ok.
123) 17) dialog: Yeah. Didn't know if you'd
123) 21) dialog: I'm not cutting myself again to-
123) 23) dialog: It's an interesting question, I've just lost a lot of blood today.
123) 25) dialog: 
123) 29) dialog: Good.
123) 38) dialog: I don't care what you're here for, whatever you think you're going to get from me. More time or whatever you want. I can't let you walk away from this diner alive. Because the next 30 years of my
123) 42) dialog: I've got a life ahead of me that's mine and I'm not giving it up for you or anybody
123) 51) dialog: Your face looks backwards.
123) 54) dialog: I wasn't trying to. Do you know what's going to happen? Have you already done all this, right now, as me?
123) 61) dialog: When I hurt myself now, it changes your body. Do my actions change your memories?
123) 68) dialog: What's the pepper?
123) 75) dialog: So you can
123) 77) dialog: So when we're apart you can remember what I do. After I do it.
123) 80) dialog: Who? Old Joe takes a worn double of Joe's POCKET WATCH from hi pocket, clicks it open. We don't see inside it, but he stares at it intently.
123) 89) dialog: She's. How is she, you said save my life.
123) 91) dialog: My life is my own, I don't need it
124) 0) text: His Wife spins, as Gangsters burst into the entryway. Old Joe in bed. It plays out again. He leaps to his feet, is tackled by the Gangsters. They drag Old Joe from the bedroom. Though the hall, Joe sees the woman struggling against two Gangsters, her dress torn and bloody. One approaches her with the knife. Old Joe screams, struggles, but cannot stop them from doi what they do to her.
125) 0) text: Joe is not sure where to put his eyes.
125) 2) dialog: Seth said, that night. A new boss in the future, he said.
125) 4) dialog: That would take an army.
125) 6) dialog: How did he do it?
126) 0) text: An 8th story office, under siege. Gangsters down in the street fire up at the windows with guns. Helicopters pass by. The office door is blocked shut with a filing cabinet On the phone - the looper DALE, but in his mid 50s. Batte and terrified. Holding a piece of paper, reading off it, the phone with Old Joe. The wall with the door in it EXPLODES inward.
127) 0) text: The line goes dead. Old Joe hangs up. Looks at his hand, with the number. Standing in his cottage, before he was s back. Through the window, his wife working in the garden. Old Joe closes his hand.
128) 0) text: Old Joe showing the number to Joe.
128) 1) dialog: None of this concerns me. We're done we're gonna walk outside now.
128) 3) dialog: It happened to you, it doesn't have to happen to me. (points: the pocket watch) You got her picture in there? Show it to me. Show me her picture. And when I see her for the first time I'll walk away, and she won't be with me.
128) 10) dialog: I guarantee the instant I look at her picture that fog in your brain will swallow up the memories of her and she'll be gone.
128) 12) dialog: She'll be safe. And then we can all do what we have to do. A beat. Old Joe holding the pocket watch, gazing at it. Then he snaps it closed in his fist, drawing it back.
128) 16) dialog: It's been awhile since we've gotten a warm-up. Old Joe realizes, looks around. The diner is eerily quiet Beatrix and the staff have all quietly left. Fled. Old Joe swings out of the booth, still holding Joe by the hair, dragging him like a doll. Joe's blunderbuss clatter to the ground. Old Joe drags him to the window. They look out. Nothing in the parking lot. Too quiet.
128) 25) dialog: I've got him! He's here! A GAT MAN barrels in, his gat blazing. Joe scrambles but Joe gets the gat. With an expert shot Old Joe puts the Gat Man down, but th are two more behind him. Pinned behind a booth, Old Joe returns fire, glass breaking and chaos. Joe grabs at the papers, Old Joe grabs them first and yan Leaving Joe with a torn-off top sheet. Joe scrambles away, down the length of the diner behind t booths, back to their table, as the Gat Men and Old Joe h their fire fight. Joe's blunderbuss on the ground beneath the table. He scoops it up. Turns, and fires at Old Joe.
130) 0) text: Kid Blue squats on his haunches with four more Gat Men, t guns trained on the diner door. Three Gat Men burst out, followed by Joe.
130) 2) dialog: Around back!
130) 9) dialog: No fuck no fucking piece of shit CLICK CLICK. The Kid and the Gats closing in, and just th moment that Kid Blue lays his hands on the back of the bi the engine turns over with a ROAR. The back of the bike kicks up, heat and air blasts from t open slats beneath, blowing Kid Blue back on his ass. The bike HOVERS a few feet off the ground. Joe roars off into the corn. The Kid is on his feet runni back to the Gat Men.
131) 0) text: Joe riding at full speed through the thick corn stalks. H BAILS, snapping through corn stalks and rolling to a pain stop. The bike ZOOMS onward through the stalks, quickly o of sight. Pained, Joe lies still, breathing hard. Pulls Old Joe's t paper from his pocket. On one side, the number Old Joe scribbled: 1027363259 He flips it over. It's a map. Mostly of empty farm land, bisected by a bold highway and scattered farm houses. One of them is CIRCLED IN BLACK.
139) 3) dialog: C'mon. C'mere. C'mon. C'mon. C'mon.
148) 0) text: Joe slumped over unconscious where we left him, in the co Sara's shout wakes him with a start. Sweating, pasty. Disoriented. Something is wrong with him. In a flash of panic he parts the corn stalks, sees Sarah backing away from the barn. The dark hulking figure of a pursues her slowly but steadily.
148) 1) dialog: 
151) 0) text: Joe's gun leveled, face set. But the porch light on the man's face: it is not Old Joe. It is a man in his 30s, filthy, with down's syndrome. A greasy sign around his neck: “PLEASE HELP MUWTE FOOD $
154) 0) text: She drags Joe up onto the porch, under the light.
154) 2) dialog: 
154) 5) dialog: 
154) 8) dialog: A day.
154) 10) dialog: Thirsty. I can't feel my legs
154) 17) dialog: Thirsty. Thirsty. Soft footsteps approach. Small bare feet padding towards through the front door. A young boy steps out onto the porch, 6 years old, named CID. Cid looks Joe over. His eyes linger on Joe's gun. Then he kneels, his small hands feeling Joe's sweaty face. Pushes straw to Joe's lips. Joe's hands clasp around a plastic c with a cartoon tiger, and he drinks.
158) 0) text: A darkened highway, the lights of the farm house distant. small STAKE BED TRUCK rumbles up, stops on the soft shoul Sara at the wheel. Sits a second. Then climbs out. Roughly pulls Joe out of the flatbed. He lands in the dir Sara avoids looking at him, closes up the flatbed. Joe weakly grabs her ankle. She pries his hand off, and discovers CID'S CUP in the dirt beside him. Takes it angrily, strides back to the truck.
160) 0) text: Sara lights a gas lamp. Threads a hose from a tank of wat around the cot. Joe on a metal cot, covered with blankets
163) 0) text: Cavernous space beneath a high street grating, damp and c Old Joe sits on the ground, methodically cleaning and loa his gun. He finishes. Places the gun on top of his folded torn maps. Closes his eyes. Sees:
165) 0) text: Old Joe touches his temple. Head aching. Remembering.
169) 0) text: Old Joe holds his pocket watch tight like a talisman. Fingers dug deep in his head.
170) 0) text: A fist comes straight at us. SMACK! We reel back, revealing: the Paris club, crowded and rowd A piece of Old Joe's life that we've seen before. Joe (mid 40s) lies on the ground, lip bloodied, laughing hysterically at a YOUNG PUNK who has just hit him. A bar fight blossoms in slow motion all around. Joe looks up, sees the woman who will be his Wife for the first time. In her green dress. Whisps of fog drift into frame.
171) 0) text: Inside Old Joe's pocket watch, a picture. Of his WIFE. The sun breaks in through the grate above. Old Joe closes the pocket watch, holds in tight. Then he stands and pick up the gun and goes.
172) 0) text: Joe lies on the cot. Blinks. The barn doors, the morning sun rising through. If the child was there, he's gone now
174) 0) text: Old Joe hides in the trees across the street from a subur track home. A young boy in a bright jacket runs out the front door an off down the street. Old Joe checks the folded map in his trembling hands. On this house is circled in black, exactly like Sara's farm. Stuffing the map in his pocket, he pushes out through the trees.
175) 0) text: Sara approaches the barn, her shotgun in hand. Joe sits on the ground just outside the open barn door, t metal cot behind him still handcuffed to his wrist. Methodically cleaning and loading his gun.
175) 2) dialog: I just finished cleaning - alright. Tosses it into the dirt. Sara lowers the shotgun slightly
175) 4) dialog: I'm at thirty percent.
175) 14) dialog: I can't do that.
175) 16) dialog: I need to stay here for a little while longer.
175) 18) dialog: Well I'm sorry.
175) 20) dialog: No. Sara raises the shotgun.
175) 22) dialog: No. You couldn't scare a retarded hobo with that thing. Literally.
175) 24) dialog: And that's, that's telling. You're holding a gun. I say I'm not afraid, so you describe the gun to me. But it's not the gun I'm not afraid of.
175) 32) dialog: Look I'm not a threat to you or your boy. I need to be on your property but I'd prefer to not have any contact with you at all, I'll stay in the fields. There's just one thing you need to do for me, and you won't have to deal with me again. He takes the map from his pocket, unfolds it. Tosses it o to her.
175) 33) dialog: Just, verify for me that's your house on the map. So I know I'm in the right place.
175) 35) dialog: A map.
175) 37) dialog: Doesn't matter. Ok. I'll be out of the barn in an hour, if you can spare it I'll take the water jug with me. Does that well have water? I'll fill it from there. Sara turns the map over. Sees the NUMBER that Old Joe wro on the back. 07153902935. And everything changes.
175) 40) dialog: Does that mean something to you? For the first time in their conversation, Joe looks in he eyes. Sara stares daggers, searching. Very different than she was ten seconds ago. Joe scoots back
175) 46) dialog: 
176) 0) text: Old Joe STOPS in his tracks, children running around him. His hand goes to his temple.
178) 0) text: Old Joe's hand runs from his temple to his neck. Feels a but old scar, just a little divot behind his ear.
179) 0) text: Sara drags Joe in by the foot. She heaves the barn door closed. In the lamp lit dark Joe rolls and groans in the dirt.
179) 3) dialog: Time travel hasn't been invented yet. But in thirty years it will be.
180) 0) text: A suburban park. On its far end, a birthday party. The YOUNG BOY in the bright jacket we saw run out of the house earlier sits alone under a tree. Old Joe approaches him.
181) 0) text: Sara sits. Joe weakly talks, the end of a long explanatio
181) 1) dialog: I can't go back to the city and find him cause Abe, the boss, all his men are going to search the streets 24/7 till they turn up me or... him. All I have is this map. And that he's coming here. Sara stands. Paces away. Deep in thought.
181) 3) dialog: Yeah. Did you know about Loopers, what we do
181) 5) dialog: I think... he thinks, the instant the rainmaker dies, he'll never have been sent back, so he'll just vanish, and be back with his wife.
182) 0) text: The same track home Old Joe studied from the trees earlie Daniel trots towards it, coming home from the birthday pa
183) 2) dialog: Yeah. Someone. You know what these numbers mean.
185) 0) text: Sara takes a pen from a workbench. Shows Joe the numbers: 07153902935
185) 2) text: This is my son Cid's birthday. And this is the hospital he was born in. Joe's face, taking this in.
186) 0) text: Old Joe. Sitting in a corner of the yard. Face set hard. Daniel stands, key in hand. Drops the matt. Slow motion. Turns. Sees Old Joe, standing now. Stillness between them. OLD JOE'S FACE. Struggling to be stone, and then it is. He draws his gun in one fluid motion and FIRES. We don't hear the shot. We just hear the garden, the wind through the plants.    
187) 0) text: Old Joe walks across the park. Map in his hand. Children play in the distance. Children's voices all around. Old Joe spins, his breath up into his head. The map falls to the ground. The park around him, green a full of children. He keels over onto his knees and cries. Grabs the grass, holds it in his fingers, thick and green.
188) 0) text: The Wife stands at the edge of a bed. 35 and Full of life Old Joe on the bed. Mid 40s. She unsnaps her GREEN DRESS and it falls, leaving her nak in the sunlight. LATER
188) 1) text: On the bed. Old Joe and the Wife. Faces close. Drifting into sleep. From a neighboring apartment, a BABY CRIES. Loud and insistent. Old Joe opens his eyes, joking-annoyed at the crying baby “God you have to be kidding me.” Then he sees her face. Her smiling eyes, listening to the neighbor's baby cry. Like she's listening to music. She touches his hand.
189) 0) text: Old Joe. Staring at the grass. On the map beside him: three circled houses around the city. And the torn corner
190) 1) text: Would he do this? JOE
191) 0) text: They sit on the steps, Joe stripped to the waist. Sara pi salt chunks from his chest with tweezers and antiseptic. Joe surveys the surrounding land, cleaning his gun. JOE
191) 3) text: No you cannot burn down my corn fields. JOE
191) 5) text: Farm equipment. JOE
191) 12) text: Pussy. Caught off guard, Joe almost smiles. Then grimaces. JOE
191) 14) text: There's a dinner bell down by the barn, ring that if someone's coming, I'll hear it. JOE
191) 17) text: Cid. She goes to take him inside. JOE
193) 0) text: Old Joe's little hide-out. He violently washes his hands a trench of water. Slumps back, eyes blood red. Streaks of tears down his fa Reddish light fading to blue through the grating high abo Runs fingers across his forehead, spreading cooling water His eyes close. His breathing shallows. In one hand he holds his pocket watch. He places the othe on the gat. The map beneath it. Daniel's map location CROSSED OUT. Two others remaining. And the missing corner, edge torn. CLOSE ON Old Joe's face. Slipping to sleep. Then from nowhere a CHILD'S HAND enters frame and rests o his forehead. Old Joe's eyes gasp open with terror
194) 0) text: but it's Joe who wakes up with a start. Slumped against t steps, gun in hand. Cid's hand on his forehead. Cid steps back quickly, puts finger to his lips. Shhh.    
195) 0) text: Cid leads Joe inside, beckoning him to follow.
196) 0) text: Dark. Cid leads Joe to the kitchen table. Laid out on it: an arrangement of toys. With the deliberateness of a man at work Cid clicks on a flashlight and sets it on the table. Works on several toys, cracking open cases, pulling out wires. Hands moving fast. Joe sits, watching Cid. CID
196) 1) text: Hand me that Phillips. Joe hands him the screwdriver. Cid keeps working. CID (CONT'D)
196) 2) text: Tell me if you hear her coming. JOE
196) 4) text: Commundication. He pushes a button on a small plastic box in his hands, a an identical one next to Joe lights up. The way Joe looks at Cid changes slightly. CID (CONT'D)
196) 5) text: But I need to make it stronger. JOE
196) 7) text: Bigger battery. Joe idly fingers a toy. JOE
196) 9) text: Do you kill people? Joe half laughs. Cid keeps working, his face in shadows. AFTER AWHILE: JOE
196) 12) text: With your gun? JOE
196) 13) text: Uh huh. Cid looks at him in the dark. Not scared at all. Then he goes back to fitting the backing on a toy. A long beat, Joe thinking. Broken by a PIERCING NOISE. They both jump - the toy truck Joe has idly played with i shrieking, sirens blaring. Joe fumbles with it, Cid reaches over and switches it off they both freeze. And look up at the ceiling. Silence in the house. With a look of reproach beyond his years, Cid takes the t from Joe and finishes up his work.
196) 15) text: She's not my mom. My mom got killed when I was a baby. Someone bad, bad men killed her. Cid sets the two finished BUZZERS on the table. JOE
196) 17) text: Sara doesn't think I remember cause I was a baby. But I remember my mom. I couldn't stop her getting killed. I don't remember it all but I remember. I was a baby. I couldn't do anything. I couldn't stop it. Cause I was a baby. Cid is crying. Joe has never been more at a loss. JOE
196) 21) text: She's not my mom. She's a liar. With one last look back at Cid in the dark, Joe exits.
197) 0) text: Old Joe. Running hard. Sirens, flashlights behind him. Being chased. Zig zags through an alleyway, a pursuing car smashing up behind him. Bursts out onto the street, nearly hit by another car. Shouts all around, a few shots. Surrounding. He runs.
201) 0) text: Sara chops the dead tree trunk in the field, greatly diminished but still formidable. Joe approaches. JOE
201) 2) text: Uh huh. She keeps chopping. JOE
201) 3) text: I found a, in the barn I found some parts, and I made a, thing. Joe pushes one of Cid's BUZZERS into her hands, which we see is a colorful plastic frog toy with a light bulb nose JOE (CONT'D)
201) 4) text: If you see anything, just push that, and, Joe pushes the button on his buzzer, and Sara's lights up vibrates. She regards the toy, then stares hard and cold Joe. JOE (CONT'D)
201) 6) text: When? JOE
201) 8) text: What? JOE
201) 11) text: Uh huh. JOE
201) 13) text: He said that? JOE
201) 18) text: How'd she get killed? When Sara's eyes hit him they're daggers. JOE (CONT'D)
201) 20) text: I told you one thing, I told you to stay away from my son. JOE
203) 0) text: A motel style building. Gat Men in cars pass occasionally with spotlights and radios, but the activity has calmed. Old Joe slips around a corner. Staying hid. Checks the address on the map. 12 Talbott Dr, #205. Makes a break for stairs leading to the 2nd level. But ju at that moment a car pulls into the building's lot. Old Joe ducks under the stairs. Holding his breath. The car parks. Door slams. Footsteps. A WOMAN. Slumping exhausted, up the stairs. And through the slatted steps Old Joe sees her face flash It is Suzie, the girl from Abe's brothel. Old Joe's face, pure disbelief. He recognizes her instantly. It can't be. He gingerly steps half a foot out. Looking up he can see apartment doors above. Suzie walks down the landing. Towards apartment 205. Jesus it can't be. Then she passes it. Keeps walking. Old Joe's eyes, relieved. She stops at the next door over, knocks. It opens, vaguel indistinct conversation between her and the girl that answers. SUZIE
204) 0) text: Joe sits, watching the corn. It rustles in the wind. Hand on his blunderbuss. Beside it, his frog buzzer. The tension is constant. And it's a long, long day.
207) 4) text: We should help Joe watch. SARA
207) 5) text: Joe? CID
207) 12) text: Cid. 32. She goes to the window, looks out, nervous. But it's just a loose LAUNDRY LINE down in the yard, whip in the wind against its metal pole. In the distance, Joe paces the yard. Relieved, Sara returns to Cid. He sets the tile, petulant SARA (CONT'D)
211) 0) text: Cid's screams from the house, clear as day. Joe paces in front of the barn. Turns his head back towar the house, not sure what to think. The screams stop. Joe turns uneasily back to the swaying corn.
218) 0) text: Joe slips in through the screen door, gun in hand. Freeze in the kitchen, listening.
218) 5) text: We're looking for his father too, similar look and build but late 50s. May or may not be travelling together. This one is a print-out from a security camera in the Bod of Old Joe holding a gun on the checkout clerk. Sara's eyes linger on Old Joe's photo, side by side with Joe's. Mind spinning. Maybe making the connection, we're not sure. SARA
218) 11) text: Eight. Jesse pokes his head into the hallway, just missing Joe slipping through the hall and into the living room. He lifts his glass, drinks. JESSE
219) 3) text: Tween you me and a lamppost? No. Sweet kid. But he's wanted. My boss has half the city's looking for him. Half the city and me. So. And if you find him, there's a helluva price. Think on that if he comes by, acting sweet. Behind the couch, Joe crouches unseen. He looks up and se Cid in the foyer, standing halfway down the stairs.    
219) 6) text: Drafts, in the house. Jesse is already moving fast to the kitchen. The instant Jesse exits, Cid appears again in the hallway. Opens a small door under the stairway and beckons Joe.
222) 0) text: Dark and earthy. Cid leads Joe with his flashlight.
223) 0) text: Just outside the barn, a trap door covered with earth ope two inches. Joe and Cid prop it open, and peer out at the house.
224) 0) text: A deep large hole capped with a wooden trap door. Joe squats, Cid stands. CID
224) 1) text: My granddad built it, but he didn't tell anyone of us why. Nanna said cuz he was nuts. JOE
224) 3) text: That wasn't the man. JOE
224) 4) text: No. I know him, that's what's funny. His name's Jesse. I like him. He'll go away when he doesn't find me, he won't hurt her. They watch in silence for awhile. In the distance, Jesse leaves the house alone and scopes the grounds before walk back towards the highway. JOE (CONT'D)
224) 7) text: But now I see, she was so alone. And it was what she had. She sold me. To a panhandle gang. QUICKLY, SILENTLY WE SEE - FOUR YEAR OLD JOE dragged into darkness by rough men, screaming. Then we're back to the scene. JOE (CONT'D)
224) 9) text: But you didn't. JOE
224) 12) text: I'm not gonna let Sara get killed. Joe looks at him. Wants to put his hand on his shoulder b doesn't. JOE
225) 0) text: Joe reaches down to help Cid out. Looking down at Cid in hole with a trap door. Like Seth. He grabs Cid's hand and lifts him out. Sara comes out, sees Cid and her face breaks with relief. Cid runs to her, and in the distance they embrace.    
226) 3) text: I do. On the screen, Suzie comes home. Picks up her daughter fr next door. Goes into 205. Kid Blue keeps scanning. And an instant later, Old Joe climbs the stairs. Kid Blue slows playback.
226) 5) text: I'm an arranger, stranger. Huhuha. But you don't see what you wanna see, no refunds. Old Joe vanishes down the street in a swarm of pixels.
228) 0) text: Driving on a highway along the beach. A few drops of rain the windshield. Old Joe (late 40s) and his Wife in intens conversation, her hand on his.    
229) 0) text: The car screeches to a stop, and Old Joe runs to the sea. THROWS his gun in the ocean. Above the waters, the sun breaks the clouds. Rain falls. He runs back to her. Falls on her. Kissing her. He holds her face like the most precious thing in the world. OLD JOE
230) 0) text: Rain beats against stained glass. Old Joe kneeling in a p Fists clenched as if in prayer. He stands, stumbles out.
231) 0) text: Oddly quiet. Old Joe walks down the sidewalk towards the side entrance to the theater. Face uncovered. In plain sight. Not caring. Stops 30 feet shy of the entrance, at street garbage can. He draws his gun and leans over to drop it into the can. lets it dangle from his fingers above the trash can. His pocket watch, hanging open from its chain. The pictur of his Wife inside. Spinning. His gun slowly slipping fro his grasp.    
232) 0) text: Old Joe staggering to his feet from a fight. We've seen this before, it's the IDENTICAL SCENE to the previous flashback. But when he sees his Wife for the first time, whisps of F grow, blotting out the scene. Deep in the fog are other backgrounds - a street, a house - and unfamiliar faces. Other eventualities, clouding this one as it becomes less likely Old Joe will meet his wife and have this memory. Erasing it. OLD JOE'S EYES.
233) 0) text: Old Joe in bed with his wife. Baby crying outside. Her face. Then, whisps of FOG thickens, obscuring them. OLD JOE'S EYES.
234) 0) text: The thrown gun splashes in the sea, and Old Joe turns bac the beach. But where his Wife was in the previous memory, now there is the FOG. A wall of it, massive, reaching to the sky. Old Joe dwarf against it. Caught between the roiling waves and this wal nothingness falling towards him. OLD JOE'S EYES. The gun on his fingertips. About to fall. A moment of decision.
235) 4) text: Lying beside each other. Joe still stunned. Sara smokes a real cigarette, taking a deep joyful drag. sets the lighter on her palm. It floats about a foot in t air, spinning, then drops. JOE
235) 7) text: He's you. Your loop. You lied to me. She doesn't seem angry but deeply curious. Joe sits up.
235) 13) text: Maybe I can't be a mother to him, is that something I can't get back. When he looked at me then, on the porch, he was mine again, he was my son. I seen so many men in the city, who I look in their eyes and they're lost. Whether he loves me back or not I'm gonna love my son I said. And he's never gonna get lost. Joe sitting up still, Sara lying beside him, maybe crying He touches her hair.
236) 0) text: A DOOR FRAME - kicked open with all the violence in the world. Old Joe sweeps into the small apartment, gun drawn Suzie cooking in a robe, opens her mouth to scream. OLD JOE
236) 1) text: Don't. Don't wake up your daughter. Old Joe trains the gun on her. She goes silent.
236) 4) text: No. I don't know you. Who are you? OLD JOE
237) 0) text: Joe sleeping alone in the bed. Sara's voice, distant.
238) 0) text: Joe comes down the stairs half dressed. Jesse holds Sara at gunpoint in the living room. Staring Joe with a cool lack of malice. JESSE
238) 1) text: Lo' Joe. JOE
239) 0) text: OLD JOE
239) 2) text: ...who are you? OLD JOE
240) 0) text: Joe steps into the living room, stands facing them. JOE
240) 1) text: I'm unarmed Jesse, you can let her go. Sara, Jesse here's the best shot with a gat I've ever seen, when he lets you go you sit on the couch and don't do anything stupid. Jesse lets Sara go and trains the gat on Joe.    
240) 4) text: I gotta take you in man. JOE
240) 6) text: Was that your plan? JOE
241) 0) text: OLD JOE
241) 2) text: What are you gonna do? Old Joe stands, walks towards the back hall. Suzie scream SUZIE (CONT'D)
242) 1) text: I know you got no options you take the one you got but Joe, you aint gettin right with no one. Looper or no, you're beyond saving. As long as Abe's got one Gat Man standing, he'll be hunting you till his dying day. Joe's face falling.
243) 0) text: Old Joe, gun ready, down the darkened hallway towards the door at the end with a rainbow on it. He puts his hand on the knob.    
245) 0) text: Old Joe pushes the door open. Blackness within.
246) 0) text: The room darkens. As if the sun passed behind a cloud. Jesse realizes it's a kid. Lowers his gun. But Cid is mid scream, falling back, his foot misses the step and he tum down the stairs. Confused, terrified, falling. Joe runs into the foyer, to catch Cid. Sara runs behind him. The room is very dark now. Knick-knacks around the room rattle, then LIFT INTO THE AIR. All of them. Floating. Spinning. Sara's LIGHTER, on the coffee table: it RISES into the air.
247) 0) text: Old Joe readies his gun, staring into the blackness. But eyes lower. He touches his temple. Remembering.
248) 0) text: Fog clears - Joe is almost to Cid, who is still tumbling, nearly at the bottom of the stairs.
249) 0) text: But just before he reaches him, Sara shoves Joe from behi Shoving him TOWARDS THE FRONT DOOR. He's confused but her face is set. Cid hits the hardwood floor of the foyer, face contorted rage now, hand raised to Jesse, palm outstretched. Screaming. His scream louder than it should be.    
250) 0) text: Old Joe's face. Remembering.
252) 0) text: Joe and Sara fall out and down the stairs. The front door and windows EXPLODE in a burst of splinter and glass.
253) 0) text: Old Joe's eyes lift. Realizing. OLD JOE
253) 1) text: The Rainmaker. A bare bulb hanging from the ceiling turns on. A six year old girl's room. But the only person in it is Blue. He shoots Old Joe with a blue tazer. Old Joe hits the ground, mouth foaming, paralyzed. Knowin the answer now, knowing the who and the how but helpless defeated. Kid Blue kicks him in the face.     CID    
254) 1) text: He's there. Lost his signal five minutes ago, right after he sent word he had him. Joe. Abe slumps in a chair, taking oxygen from a tank. ABE
256) 0) text: Moments after the blast. Joe and Sara lie in the dirt. Jesse's TRUCK parked nearby. Joe stirs first. Stands shakily. The front door jam is splintered. Windows broken. He goes inside. Sara gets up, staggers in after him. SARA
257) 0) text: Joe bursts out of the screen door, holding his Blunderbus and wiping off Jesse's gat. Bloody Cid-sized footprints lead out the screen door and streak across the lawn, into the corn. Sara comes out after Joe, sees him heading for the corn. SARA
257) 3) text: How did your sister die? Sara holds his gaze. Then everything breaks inside her an she collapses in sobs. Heaving. JOE (CONT'D)
257) 6) text: No! No he was climbing a bookshelf, it fell back on him. He has no control, he gets scared, it explodes. JOE
257) 8) text: Joe someday he'll learn to control it. JOE
257) 10) text: If he did good with it! If he grew up good! JOE
257) 11) text: He doesn't. Joe heads to the corn, Sara scampers after him but slips the wet grass, and Joe hits the corn with a head start. SARA
258) 1) text: Cid! Make a noise baby, call to me! Cid! WITH JOE through the corn, following traces of blood on t stalks.    
259) 0) text: Joe emerges from the corn. Cid crouches at one end of the small clearing. He looks a Joe. Terrified. Half covered in blood. Hair matted over one eye. Joe looks back at him. Approaches him, gun not raised, bu in hand. Cid, like a frightened animal. A long moment. And just like that, Joe puts his hand on Cid's head. Cid leans against his legs, crying. Sara bursts into the clearing, sees this. Runs to Cid and embraces him, wiping the blood from his face. Joe steps b JOE
259) 2) text: Where are you going? Joe takes the Frog Buzzer from his pocket, presses it. Sara's buzzes in her pocket. JOE
261) 0) text: The door buzzes open. Kid pushes Old Joe through the long entrance hallway, past a dozen Gat Men, who watch him wit shocked amazement. Old Joe's hands bound back. Kid Blue glows. He comes to t tiny coat check room, and Big Craig stops him, then sees Joe. BIG CRAIG
261) 3) text: They found Joe too though, in a farm on the east side. That's why all the Gats are here, the whole crew's arming up to make a sweep. KID BLUE
261) 4) text: Joe fuck Joe, save your bullets I got the Looper. Not such a fuck up huh? I'm taking him up to This happens very fast: Old Joe uses his legs to kick himself off the wall and ba into Kid Blue, SLAMMING him against the opposite wall. Old Joe grabs (behind his back) Kid Blue's gun, and blast one shot through the chains binding his wrists and into t Kid's midsection. He whips the gun from behind his back and shoots Big Crai the face. Then blasts the Gat Men in the entrance hallway while he reaches into the coat check and pulls an automat rifle. He blasts like hell into the hallway. A few shots return mostly the men are trapped. Then it's over. All is smoky still for a moment.    
262) 0) text: Old Joe weaves his way through the backstage area, chucki grenades in front of him, then unloading his automatic ri into the smoky aftermath. And with a mixture of dumb luck and skill from years of b gangland muscle takes out Gat Man after Gat Man. The corridors are tight, twisty. Old Joe uses that. Throwing grenades. Blasting away. Purging. Killing everyone he lays eyes on. Wiping them out. All the bad gu It's horrible. Men maimed, bleeding and crying, dying the people actually die from gunshots. Old Joe forges on, dee
263) 0) text: Empty. Old Joe kicks the door open. Takes it in, the office. Hammer on the desk. He reloads a gun. Eyes find the door to Abe's inner den.
264) 0) text: Abe and two Gat Men, guns out, crouched behind the table. Watching the door. A display screen shows Old Joe on the other side. Abe, eyes dull. Shouts at the door ABE
264) 1) text: Joe. Guess I put the gun in that kid's hand, huh Joe. Guess everything comes back around. Like your goddamn ties.
265) 0) text: Old Joe. Breathing hard. Reloaded. Closes the gun.
266) 0) text: Joe breaks out of the corn, panting. He steps out into th middle of the highway. Storm clouds on the horizon. He cleans and readies his Blunderbuss.    
271) 0) text: Joe waits. Then, a CLOUD OF DUST on the distant highway. tenses. The cloud gets closer. It is a truck. An armored truck. Joe squints. It's the ARMORED TRUCK that Kid Blue loaded gold bricks into. The front windshield blown in. The truck stops fifty feet away, and Old Joe steps out. H throws a gold bar, which lands in the dusty highway betwe them. OLD JOE
271) 1) text: Bon jour. You take this truck, you take your money, and you go live your life. No one's coming after you. I fixed it. JOE
271) 2) text: And you go kill the boy. That's how you fix it. OLD JOE
271) 3) text: That's how. You got your life back, you better think right now about what that's worth to you. JOE
271) 6) text: Stupid little shit! You let him live, he's gonna take away everything that's yours, everything that's mine! You seen what the boy's gonna become. JOE
271) 7) text: I haven't seen that yet. Joe fires again, close enough now to draw blood off Old J chest and knock him back. Out of nowhere a SLAT BIKE careens around the van, which until now blocked our line of sight down the highway. Kid Blue. The bike clips Joe's leg, sending him spinning violently the dusty pavement. The bike shoots off down the highway, a cloud of dust in wake. It takes a hundred yards for the Kid to pull it to stop and spin it around. Joe is hurt bad. He grapples for his blunderbuss. Kid Blue guns the engine, gat in hand. Levels it, steady a rock. Joe shoots at the Kid, but he's out of range, the gun fir scattershot. Kid Blue fires, a bullet hits dangerously close to Joe. Panicked, Joe begins firing at the pavement around him, r after fiery round. Kicking up dust. Lots of dust. Raising a cloud. KID BLUE'S POV - zooming towards Joe, now obscured in a c of dust and smoke. He fires his gat into the cloud, tries slow the bike but can't in time. In the dust cloud Joe hears the bike roaring down upon hi He covers up and when he feels the bike roaring past blin FIRES his buss. A moment later the bike emerges from the dust cloud. With a driver. It skids, crashes. When the dust clears away Joe lies still, arms over his h    
273) 0) text: They roll down the dirt road that leads to the highway. At the far end of it, at a distance but walking towards t is the dark figure of Old Joe. Gun in hand. Sara hesitates a minute, then guns it. Straight for him. CID STOP SARA
273) 6) text: I'm sorry In the rear view mirror, Sara sees Old Joe getting closer SARA
273) 9) text: We're going into the fields. I want you to run, I'll be right behind you, don't look back. Okay? Old Joe lowers his gun and runs towards them. SARA (CONT'D)
274) 0) text: Old Joe crosses the road and chases them onto the field, firing at them on the run. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA Bullets thunk in the earth. Sara stumbles, exhausted. Cid turns, about thirty feet ahead of her.
275) 0) text: Old Joe stops running and steadies his gun. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA A distant gunshot CRACK. A fan of crimson blood sprays fr Cid's head. His neck twists and he crumples to the ground SARA
276) 0) text: Old Joe reacts as the topsoil rises, an eerie moment.    
277) 0) text: Old Joe is hefted off the ground. His gun falls.
278) 0) text: Joe struggling through the fields, limping, desperate. Something like a furious wind rushes through the stalks. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA Cid stands. Intense, eyes dark, in another place.
279) 0) text: Old Joe, suspended mid-air, realizes what's about to happ He lifts his hand defensively and SCREAMS EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA Cid's face straining, about to scream. Cid's focus adjusts from Old Joe to Sara. She floats, reaching out to him. Frightened. Yelling something he can hear but he can see her eyes. Cid's face breaks. He barely mouths the word CID MOM
279) 1) text: And everything FALLS. Sara, Old Joe, the earth. All comes crashing down.
280) 2) text: You did good, baby. You did so good. I love you. Behind them, Old Joe struggles to his feet. Sara kisses C SARA (CONT'D)
280) 5) text: You go! She pushes him away and Cid runs. Then she turns. Standin her ground. Directly between Old Joe and Cid. Old Joe TRIPS in the mud, fumbles his gun. Sees Cid approaching the safety of the CORN STALKS. Blocked by Sar OLD JOE
281) 0) text: Still too far away, struggling as fast as he can, helples Old Joe closes in on Sara. He fires his buss at Old Joe, is way out of range. EXT. FIELD - WITH OLD JOE &amp; SARA Old Joe gets his gun, rises with it. Cid about to hit the stalks. Sara between them.
283) 0) text: Joe running, useless gun in hand. JOE
283) 1) text: No! EXT. FIELD - WITH OLD JOE &amp; SARA Sara, not going anywhere. OLD JOE
284) 0) text: Joe running. Time slows. Watching: EXT. FIELD - OLD JOE &amp; SARA Everything is a little surreal. Dream-like. Slow. Old Joe shoots Sara. We hear no gunshot. Just the wind in the corn, and young Joe's breathing. She falls, giving him a clear shot at Ci
285) 0) text: JOE WATCHING:
286) 0) text: Just as Old Joe gets him in his sights, Cid breaches the fields and is gone, vanishing in the stalks. Old Joe lowers his gun, stunned but still frantic. He stumbles towards the corn, still far off, his face breaki Trips, falls in the mud. Corn field vast in front of him. Cid is gone. He lost him. He holds his pocket watch. Sobs Lost.
287) 0) text: JOE WATCHING:    
289) 0) text: JOE WATCHING:
291) 0) text: Joe watching, seeing:
293) 0) text: Joe watches. Sees, in his mind's eye, all of this. And through all of this we have only heard the wind. And breathing. Time hanging, slowed nearly to a stop. A moment of decisi Joe turns his blunderbuss back on himself and FIRES. EXT. FIELD - WITH OLD JOE &amp; SARA Revealing that all we saw was in Joe's head, and we are s in the moment where Old Joe is about to shoot Sara. But this time, just as he's pulling the trigger, a distan shot is heard. And Old Joe DISAPPEARS. Sara stands shell shocked just for a moment. Then she doesn't process any of it, she just turns and yells SARA
295) 0) text: We don't see Joe, but far across the field Cid runs to hi mom, into her arms. Sara lifts him, holds him. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA She carries him. Walking fast back towards a far distant figure lying still on the edge of the field. Joe. Then a faint buzz. The flasher, in her pocket. She pulls out. Two flashes. She slows. Stops. Looking at him, far away. Two flashes. CID
295) 1) text: Where's Joe? SARA
301) 0) text: Joe's body. Sara goes to him, slowly. She kneels beside h His pocket watch in the dirt. Open. No photo inside. Ticking away. Around and around. She closes it.Touches his hair. The wind through the corn After a long while, the sun breaks through the clouds.     